I used to have the BIGGEST crush on John Leguizamo
Stank breath people should be allowed to start their laugh with any letter outside of the letter "H"
Almost to 200! Please help and RT? Thanks babes (: ask for a follow back. xx
Would you rather have that beer now or that financial freedom later? It's a daily choice, dude.
please tweet us Rena and Gabby ur american fans :) nyc! We love one d <3
words of wisdom, words of wisdom.
Wow you are so cool! Did anyone ever tell you that?
Tomorrow is Boyfriend's birthday! I got him the Guggenheim. Srs.
You at are like best friends lmfao
Ugh I wish my phone would of never woke me up
damn Slocum, you are straight hating tonight playa.
okay, look, everyone has their own opinion and guess what, oh that's right, idc you say!
Hawaiian shirt wearing tourist, getting off bus, for all to hear. "I shouldn't have to listen to a BUS DRIVER. You should listen to me!"
Slow ass day @ work
": I hate how I always listen to peoples problems but when it comes to me, they dont give a damn about it too."
Spending my afternoon at a Macomb County Commission Economic Development Committee meeting. Don't be jealous. When do you leave?
We heard you're making baleadas for everyone. When and where do we show up?! ;-}
The line-up: historic gangsters, craft beer, whiskey appreciation, & When's your trip again? :)
I wanna get a little pig, put him in the back seat, To see if he would say "WE WEE WEE," All the way home..
Hell yeah! Bring back the Seattle SuperSonics, all the great free agents out there can sign to them
Red Bull total zero is disgusting. The end.
Blessing be with you tonight Sir! Have fun and hold on tight to "YOUR" belt.
Today's guest, Mike Fisher, talks ethics and faith in the workplace!
“: Motorcycle day today! Where should I go!” 20 taps!
“: Hey, #NC! Remember to vote "NO" on #Amendment1 today. Equality for all! - Mike”
-yes! That's what I meant. - Sry for spelling name wrong... - pls lmk how you like learning HTML5!
It's nearly time for 24. "Get down!"
Even though rarely replies to me anymore . I'll always remember those late nights on tinychat
#itsTimeForYouToRealize that you can make a difference
great lineup
with great friends! Eager to learn & grow !
hehee thanks! maybe tomorrow?
aww thank you :) im looking forward to meeting you to!
You got the game sold up from R&B, Pop, to Hip-Hop. You dominating! Got my Fortune money ready, delux edition at that!
ABQ has been ranked #1 best place to shoot films by #MovieMaker Magazine! For nightlife, 300+ days of great weather & diverse terrain.
wow, someone is really having a ferris bueller barf outside my window.
Thanks for the shout out!
Something wrong with my twitter
Love is friendship set on fire. But, sometimes, so are monks.
Wiskullsin/Eastsider Brewer Bus Tour. May 19. Stay tuned for details...
I want some breakfast!!!!
Homeless man coming towards me on the sidewalk. 10ft away he pulls out his dick and starts pissing. Never breaks stride or eye contact. Odd.
An ATX landfill is now surrounded by homes that shake as methane gas does its thing. Sane query: Why were homes built there in 1st place?
Jimmie Briggs of the spent 9 years covering war & conflict with a focus on child soldiers
Come out and support your community vendors.... fresh produce, baked items, crafts, and more.
“: Skipstradamus predicted the would take Gm 1 vs What do you think?” He's an ass clown!!!
Thanks for the follow, Natalie.
... how bad.... Hopefully 1-4 bad w/ a loss to the Cowboys next week getting them to 1-5?? how cool would that be.... LOL
It was great meeting you today and appreciate your help with my upcoming workshop. Very cool you worked for our newspaper, JS!
This is exactly what I needed
You getting creepers all up in your business?
Moving into the Cloud with more on line business applications!
I love it when 12 year olds follow me and expect me to follow back.
Janet Reno born today, 1938. Became 1st female U.S. Attorney General when appointed in 1993; 2nd-longest ever to serve.
We provide everything sound related, pa, monitors, tech: for sound ques, 312.714.4625 for me
winter? Really? Suck it up buttercup I am spending all day outside.
RT If you want to punch iJever in the face. D:
Grabbing my gramsci, going down to march w unions
I like using for formative assessments. Lucky to have a 1:1 program that maximizes its features.
I am somebody
what part of education? The "system"?
RT : The game is tied again w/ 8 sec. left in the 4th thanks to Pau.
thanks for having us and helping us get through the hurricane!
Best day ever!!!! I'm an aunt!!
Over-achievers are more prone to heart disease, high blood sugar, and high cholesterol
Good Day: The Old Man and the Sea followed by Robin and the Seven Hoods.
Join and me for #21CRadio tweet chat in an hour for a chance to win tix!
Taught by Master Kvapil? I learned so much about the internet, sleeping, and texting.....
Hello? Anyone there? You guys keep spelling appetite incorrectly. Might want to change your auto-message. It's on repeat.
I hate the term BABY DADDY.
and mr bean is in it
I always decorate with red and green and simple things that won't break for the holidays.
Survey complete
This week's #DC fun fact! University began the tradition of the football huddle in the 1890s, to conceal their signed plays! :)
I'm just saying that it wasn't like yesterday was the first time in his life that he could have supported the right to marry.
OBAMA takes short brake from his busy VACATION & CAMPAIGN schedule to go on 2-week "PRESIDENTING"
RT : Absolutely blown away by turntable.fm. If possible, it actually exceeds the hype.
haha me too!
where you been
Need to learn how to apply analytics data into day to day business decision making? Come to Think Tank Live! Milwaukee in February.
someone thinking they are backed up by the status of the person they with only to really know they playing a role already filled
I jus hate to c a person I care 4 sell dey self short caring so much 4 anotha human who not givin a fuc bout dem, ik dat shit hurt.
Me neither. RT : Just a quick notice, I did not see any #coverthenight posters. Never. Fail?
Depending on who its written about, a song may mean absolutely nothing or absolutely everything to me... <3
just like all the FedEx drivers, eh? ;-)
haha i stay low right now. Aint nobody checkin for me. And thats prolly a good thing
At a couples baby shower. Expecting mom is opening gifts. Kill me, kill me, kill me.
Next week is the last week for
I think, yes, in California.
If you don't want to get rashed on, and Iike your face the way it is, you won't talk to me.
Thanks boo!
lalala, Austin is going to marry me.
While not all individuals on the #autism spectrum talk, they all communicate. Some just use their behavior to communicate.
every time i get upset and feel like nothing can make me happy,,i watch your videos and they put the smile right back on my face<3
Doing another quick edit pass to get back into the swing of things.
26.2 miles!!!!baby!!! My time 3hr30min my first marathon!!!!another milestone in the books baby!
Don't know what to do ....
it's nothin.
Can somebody share the "idiot's guide to persistent URLs" so that I can start using them?
yay! :) can we leave now? <3
Whats today? Wednesday yeah yeah. Almost here.
where do you draw your concentration from to have the power you have big brother?
just go in, hug demi, get a pic then run out screaming!:')
Hey there! How are you?
i hate the cowboys but im a nfl fan i like blue im a star and im from texas nicca !!! bill$bill$bill$buffalo
Hella got complimented today at work.! ;)
ATTENTION ATTENTION if u have recieved a horrible mean tweet from me it waz not me my account has been hacked but i think i fixed it! SORRY
hey thanks for following! hope to see you out at a gig!
was it worth it, I hope?!
I swear people need to learn that guys can love guys.
Happy Thanksgiving!!!
Portland, ME
Hey are we working with you guys? If not, we should be.
thanks girl! :)
like that quote, how are u?
In the mood for pizza and after work drinks? $6 pizzas and $4 you-call-its tonight at Salute!
Love the Tour De France! Those High Def helicopter shots are flippin' awesome.
Dodger day games make it harder to focus on work.
I feel like talkin
Aw.... you remembered. Just stop reminding me how beautiful it is outside.
National Grilled Cheese Day > National Spoiled Meat Day
No, you're not being lazy. That's the same stuff that irritates me. It's just lame UI.
Happy St. Joseph's Day
Hey Steve. Welcome!
Before there was a hot guy like i wasn't born.. I think with a reason.. I can't live without him.. Love God
i think what makes this one worse is the appearance of actual video
Location 3, Clue 3 (continued): Before you enter the door just look to your right And find a small tree covered in lights
God bless tim hortons iced capps!
Lol fuck him i call shotgun forever.
RT : Congrats to ! #SlowCookerVeg is already appearing on the U.S. Trending Topics list!
What we are doing is only the start. We are aligning ourselves with a health insurance provider. More to follow soon.
Wow-had a few seconds of the #coxcable service rep mumbling to herself 'stead of the inane hold music.
Lead talent Mike Reeping is now on twitter:
See y'all... Stop with the brooms
So excited about finally writing THE END to my first draft of The Flawed Dance. Love the ending, too. Totally inspired. Just had to share.
Happy birthday, Jenna!
Woo it's Sunday, that means one thing
Airport delays...
Did you know that over 55% of small business in the USA are home-based? Learn how to join these entrepreneurs....www.thehome-office.com
I'm flying down on Wednesday. Maybe we can hang out Wed or Thur night?
"Awesome"? Is "awesome" the word? "Best thing ever"?
thanks man!
Still time to vote for Heinemann's favorites that Pfister Cafe will serve. Vote at www.thepfisterhotel.com
25 convictions per 100,000 CHL holders. And which crimes were included in that?
Moving home early....no complaints!
Ashley Barron said we were similar. You know you're from the South when "down South" comes out of your mouth in 4 syllables
Hope all of you, especially the writers, are taking the day off and having a very HAPPY EASTER!
S/O to my new follower
Today's a VERY busy day, but I think it will be a good one!
RT : Congratulations to Jake Zadra, named to D3 academic all-district team. Hitting.367 and carrying 3.98 GPA in biology.
I'm so glad! I love that stuff... happy it's found a good home!
I heard Soulja Boy and Lil B new album comes out in 2013. If so, Lord please let the world end this december. -- Madea ()
singing michael buble, omg <3 simply.amazing.
Hart sucks in right field so if you move him to first our WAR would be basically same with Gomez in center Aoki/Morgan in right.
whats been good my g
media matters is where I found out about the 3rd station :) hoping to see many more follow their example
It sounds so fun out there, but I let the couch consume me and I don't want to move... lol
I wish someone would invent an app similar to #imbd so I can play the game 6 degrees of ! ;-)
Just started watching Assanation of Jessie James. So far so good. Its 155 minutes I think I will watch about an hour tonight.
Join our VIP list for special offers and invites! Simply text your name and email to 512.430.4339
Working with Lit today. Yes, you heard me correctly.
Longest car ride ever. Have gone from KenCen success to feeling like 5 year old in back seat of car
lol word “ : Lmao Jacoby Ford does look like Kevin Hart!”
The iPhoto app for #iPad looks slick. High res, auto compare, and even has some #SnapSeed like image adjustment features.
Oh, Phillies, why only solo homers?
GETTIN READY TO GET CRUNKED UP AT KLUSOZ TONIGHT!!! 1ST DRINK IS ON US!! YEAH BABY WE LIKE TO PARTY!!
Writing a spring organizing article for parents.
Ya'll wanna know something? I'm ashy as hell right now.
Perfect time to get away.
Lol! Just cute. Lmao! RT : LMFAO "omg if I laugh one more time I'm gonna fart"
oh by the way thanx for tellin me when u left butthead!
Watching The Pregnancy Pact <<<< SMDH!!!!!
Cool. I'll check it out. Hope you guys are well!
Alright, Hunger Games. You win.
Shout out to new followers!!!
I don't understand why I always get sick during weekends but during the school week I'm fine.
RT: Found an unopened bar of nice dark chocolate under a chair at the the Museum of Art and Design. Only hesitated a moment.
no problem!
first song was absolutely beautiful. A nice quiet, haunting intro.
I'll try to clean next time ;) lol
#WaysToMakeAGirlSmile Hold Those doors for her
you know the Indians are really creative...
You ever see a youtube video and just say to yourself-how do these people exist in the world? yeah,just....yeah.
Dear annoying person. You have some TERRIBLE habits. Breathing is one of them.
Thank God for waking us up today; Happy Wednesday!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
“: and it don't matter what race you are, ALL RACES CHEAT! so STFU! and get out yo feelings!”
I'm starting to get excited about our trip.
against the dying of the light?
Attention NYU residents!!!!! Want a preview of the reapplication process. Stop by the housing portal and take a look; it's up RIGHT NOW!
happy cinco de mayo bud :) lol
mad men commercials can mean only one thing... don draper is on the way
Twittering from church. Lol always fine ppl you havent seen in a long time here
So and I think that should skype with us sometime to write with us for our bands new music. yeah thatd be cool XD
is taking over fuse.tv all day.
I was ordered to take them, so I just thought I'd share. My playmate likes me to share.
RT "Oh you're playing hard to get, well I'm playing walk away." My attitude towards all of you now.
quite a drive indeed...I was thinking about driving an RV or something
Always love when this stuff happens.
we're going to release iOS and Android on the same day, none of this iPhone first business. Targeting early April. stay tuned.
So sweet --> ": So excited for a date tonight with my beautiful wife "
you smell like it too :o lol
Bout to pass out. Got to wake up super early to go to a track brunch then going to the IU vs Penn state football game.! I LOVE COLLEGE! Lol
- Thanks for inviting The Tiger Report to partner with you!
thank God for sweet tea.
Get it gurl
Do not wait to strike till the iron is hot; but make it hot by striking.
too much strobe!!!!!!
screw the pats boo I saw that :(
Thats gr8 my dude. Nothin quite that major this way musically. But stayin humble. Writin as usual.
Doing some booking right now. This summer is looking good! Keep an eye out for dates!
Maybe we should make dog food..a trip to petsmart for toys and dog food...$75
Song Of The Day: "Wake Up Every Body" – by Harold Melvin And The Blue Notes…with Teddy Pendergrass…
Went to top golf for the first time today for our work xmas party..really fun! Basically a competitive driving range
The Walking Dead game is actually kind of interesting and innovative for a casual game.
Hey girl!
alright! I see you missy!
But now it needs to be charged for tomorrow.
mine to brother!!
Wait no seriously how old is Victoria Walsh
my aunt´s birthday is on the same date as mine Haha!! I love you Tia Robyn EHEHE
Umm.. I want to be wherever this is.
Austin isnt a bieber wannabe, he looks up to Justin and Justin is one of his inspirations. so, just stop hating.
- how was your birthday dinner?
This just in :We now have added a place for COUPONS on RichmondNightOut! You will be able to find drink & food specials & print coupons !!
Lmao I use all my extra points for Saturday. Could you seriously imagine me without wine?! Scary.
Lemme show you who runs this
I won't quit until I know I truly tried.
Are you in N Korea?
Health Tips: Lower your anti-nutrition intake by flossing, it could add five years to you expected life span.
Getting ready for work.....TYJ
#MarkLogic is the enterprise data layer for
It's Fat Tuesday! I wish I was in Louisiana!
I adore cupcakes! I'm really such a child....WHO LOVES CUPCAKES!!!!!
RT : Fact 88% of women in business don't have employees women's initiative
When you want something different in life you often have to give up something to create the space. No guarantees on what will fill the void
That sounds terffic!! Can we connect after the first of the year? #ASID DM ur contact info to me.
I'm so pumped for tonight's #Phillies #Nats game I can't stand up right now. My brother scored us sick seats.
hey guys, we're a skate and lifestyle brand in #vegas We also produce the city's only skate mag. Would love to partner somehow..
Yo I was sleeping so fucking comfortable really?
you learn more a out your self when you do
Everyone I mean EVERYONE is irritating me!
Hanging out in Pueblo today... It's always nice to come home... It's even better when its not 5000 degrees.
Damn it Ryan Anderson. JJ Redick's best play of the year was a missed layup. F.
Poynter's Iron Pit has been jumpin this week. We have saw some big ass numbers put up on the bars.
back in Austin. Had nice session now. Might head out for harmonica blowing at the blues open mic at the blue moon on 6th.
apple stay far far away from news corp.
I hate dudes that make fruity tweets
I believe in the lord and I have faith that god will guild me in the right direction to do the things that I was put here to do
I can't wait to go to the tattoo shop Sunday.
sry late - but do you agree that Ravens cannot win the SB with Flacco-has he grown enuff thru 3 yrs to get there?
Wait, seeing lots of stuff about the next #Throwback. What's the deal? Not happening?
#Fistball Fact: The strongest strikers can hit the ball up to 140 KM per hour
I just watched the PM kindergarten teacher put out 5 fires in 2 minutes. She's a kid ninja!
is getting ready to take the stage for HOT COUNTRY NIGHTS! Come enjoy a cold beverage with us!
Needs no umbrella on this glorious rainy day because I'm being showered with blessings!!
Thunder Heat game has playoff feel
omg i love it!
I sure hope this is true. Hard drive performance is one of the "last mile" sticking points in a solid creative workflow....
Lookin' good! Congrats
Apparently!!! i can't believe it!!
Politico asks today whether #KXL has become House Republicans' white whale. Any use of Melville to explain energy will get repeated here.
How dare you.
Pssst... The secret to life...eat well
The operation in Gaza is necessary because Hamas is murdering Civilians. Hamas has to stop and Palestinians need to negotiate!
Make your Tuesday less boring w/ Monte’s surf & turf special for only $34.99! Call 7188527800 for details & reservations!
GOT THIS CUZZ WE IN THERE
I'm a couple days i'm going to New York and i'm gonna be amazing and i'm gonna miss my girlfriend at the same time..
I am, therefore I'll think.
Give reality a rest.
more than a few, need to bring back the old MTV.
Rebecca Black is at the #Grammys? How the hell did she get an invite and I didn't????
isn't her site super-cute? :) Glad you like it!
That one thing that stays in the back of your head forever <
anxiously awaiting the listing for the Wisconsin Film Festival to be posted online.
One song I do like...Wale.."sabotage" lyrics, music, and actual singing
Follow back me,Is Awsome related to The Big Bang Theory
I honesty rather see 1D. They may not come back here in who knows how long! Justin comes here a lot
Off to the stone!
Flip it back! I already packed up all my warm sweaters.
I am so jealous of you right now man, i'm stuck at work, ur enjoying a Devils game... How are they doing btw?
hopefully we can prevent that from happening!
I will be catatonic when my cat dies, But I think that there is much to learn from another pet. Not a clone. There is only one Aubrey
all good! Or grab some friends and race the Social Cycle to the next bar :)
ahahaha that's amazing timing, the universe has amazing ways of surprising us!!
“: "I didn't always know how it would end" #FiftyShades #ChristianGrey ”
The last Western Conf. team to win an #NBA title outside Texas and the #Lakers? The Seattle SuperSonics in 1979.
df serigfnkjnsfngkjsdfn I LOVE THE SONG!!<3 oh my gosh, Justin is just amazing.
Chapter 2012 Page 102 of 366 Hold fast to dreams, for if dreams die, life is a broken winged bird that cannot fly. Langston Hughes
Thanks for the follow! Viva la trees!
MWP aka Ron Artest only received a 7 game suspension!!? He should be out double that.
That's not how we roll. :)
hmm, new tour dates next monday? :o plz tell me that one is in florida?! Ill be the happiest fan ever.Im dressing up like you!<3
We had our Final Video Review with Catholic Charities for their 2012 Gala. The videos received final approval and we're exporting for DVD!
Reflecting on recent elearning projects; hardest thing to convince clients of is that usually reducing content will result in more learning
After writing a paper on #Twitter for my class, I enjoy the service even more than before. It's incredible how many uses there are for it!
vat are you up to ?
Woot! Can't believe SXSW is in only 2 weeks.
The Heat play the Celtics on Sunday. I can hardly wait to see that series.
“: back home in GA: *cue banjo music*”yay! Miss u guys.
Besides a guy's *area* going into my face when he was crowd surfing, it was good! Many thought Grouplove stole the show.
I'd bet on Mary Brickell Village....Fado likely has left-over green beer from St Paddy's Day....
oh my god I can't WAIT to make fun of you in less than a week
is bored out of her skull in class.
Brent, thanks for the write up! It was nice having you at the demo and I look forward to our next meet up!
The Crowne Plaza San Diego is hiring stop by our Job Fair on Tuesday, March 13, 2012!
A man is but the product of his thoughts. What he thinks, he becomes. --Mahatma Gandhi
about to sleep :D no more tweets tonight! See you!
HATERS! Women gotta get theirs too SMH!
Most definitely.
it's official; we just got punk'd
Here's the belt for a great season. The Pack will be back.
just heard "the only thing internet explorer is good for is downloading other browsers!" lol what video were you watching?
im catching a flight tonight at 7 :( im back here in Dec! Send my love to the family
thanks alan. hope you are doing well!
Pencil in your calendars, the current plan is to host PRSMS12 during the second week of October '12 by
I am addicted to Downton Abbey...is it Sunday yet???
My car is full with food, drink and supplies-loading up for #boardgame night!
CRDM folks: I just wrote a short but neat processing sketch that we may want to consider as the basis for a new shirt idea, maybe
Are you up to Season 2's premiere yet? It's about ten different kinds of amazing.
Picking up Owen now, he's been at the vet all morning getting neutered..
not a problem! Where from?
Thank you for telling! I'm screen-capping like mad...
Happy last day of being an adult!
Woohoo! Spring Break = less traffic!
I have become very popular. The MOB is after me and are willing to pay for my address are you serious. LMAO. Who the fuck am I.
hater ass
#IThankGod for blessing me with a wonderful family
Just trying to "raise awareness"...
Seems the flurries were everywhere but Calvert Street! Or I just sit too far from the window.
Just read this in a quote and liked it, "infuse higher consciousness"
Time to shut the work day off...
That's what they all say
I'm pretty wide open through this weekend. When are you free?
. I was SO lucky to have that awesome Yukon!! 2 days - 5 hospitals - 300 toys delivered. Yay!!
Llama llama DUCK!
Made it all the way to the end of the semester w/o getting sick & now... flu. Before I get on a plane. Only down side to working w students
YES. Also, I've been pumped up about the humanities all day. Thanks, Martha.
Trng is critical! RT : A7 Companies often overlook the importance of providing #sm training to all employees
Dear everyone that leaves their unexpired meter tickets in the slot: MARRY ME.
he worked with you at the gym <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
yes she does.
Wow this girl on here being so ratchet maybe she need to change her name ... Say what u want do what you --but STFU !! lol
NO MOMMA CAN YOU SEND IT AGAIN PLEASE !! OH AND CAN I HAVE SOME TIME WITH YOU EVEN IF IM NOT .....1080..HAHAHAHAHAH
I think I will audition for Pride and Prejudice tonight at New Dawn.
i had a friend that used get them from the guy... you know the guy with the bell...
Thank you. It's so great to meet you. How are you doing today?
its the fact that it all going trendy lol :) and I'm ranting as everyone is ranting at me today about me.
oh no
Why leBron throw That pass!..
me too! “: Really? 7-2 Giants? These are numbers I usually get in my super bowl pool....”
Reading Robin Dunbar is always a sort of rollercoaster experience. (New book, 'The Science of Love and Betrayal'.)
#RunChat Q4) blasting music, taking pictures, and doing vlogs for our blog. Helps take my mind off of the race and calms me down.
#LiesIveToldMyParents Don't worry. The rock show won't be that loud.
OMG I love Betty White.
even better I've been following you since you didnt even have a twitter(;
all is good sweetie! Don't sweat the small things!!! ;)
drake hands down!!
CivicPlus won the Missouri City, Texas website redesign contract....over Drupal ( open source ) and over VisionInternet ( closed source )
Thanks for the +K!
I just asked you for a favor, if you didn't want to do it don't fucking do it. Instead of leaving me stranded dumbass.
Been grinding 72hrs wih no sleep ugggjjjhhh im one beasty bitch ah ha ha
#nw romeo must die
Maybe it's me that needs to change?
Let the madness begin!
Dear Pretty Korean girl who walks down Wilshire stuffing her face with Cheetos every morning, I love you.
And to be clear language and diction are not synonyms.
Great topic - time?
u r the sperm mika
OU this weekend. I think so.
tonight at the Newport!! and The Lonely Forest on the bill too. Hope to see you there!!!
Quotes Anyone ?!?
Lololol well, I need to find out how that paint will cost, my funds are dwindling time to prioritize!
now you got it...change your password.
why were we never introduced to #pennybenjamin?
It's just a matter of time until Pete Campbell murders somebody...
Kirk Cameron is not a Douchenag!!
Love: "it doesn't last". PEOPLE: "they change fast". LIFE: "No matter what happens, it still moves on"
I'm TeBowing right now. Amazing game!
I agree..First class event from top to bottom!!!!
Just realized that there's a longer guard for my hair trimmer. Much longer. This is a good thing to remember for next time.
Everything is better wen ur high dont believe me try
Absolutely! Please, please pass statewide smoking ban!
I have good and bad news.....
hopefully soon. Need some manhatten. All is well and happy to hear!
Red flag warning issued for RI
Its really cold outside! Bundle up twitters
There are always things in life you should onto & things you should let go-the difficult part is choosing what stays and what goes.
Quit one of my freelance gigs today and it feels good. Can really focus on my long term ventures now
We're in Denton Thursday at and in Austin on Friday at Both shows with our buddies Leatherbag and Last Joke. Yep.
Photo shoot in Bethesda. Hey Mother Nature, how about two minutes of sunshine for exterior shots. Thanks!
I hate when #oomf tweets about me
Very happy...its Friday!
Just can't get motivated today. Can I have another week or two or three off?
Thank you
W.beyondthescoreboard.net naughty or nice: this win will mean nothing
You can kick someone out of your life, but you still can't keep them out of your heart.
I played at Georgia State & now play sand doubles... good friends with Maria Carlini
In 1912, a house on 20th St in Kalorama Triangle had $10k worth of jewels stolen...and the house was only worth $5k
Z is for Moose copies gone but Everything Goes Book looks GREAT
When your #soccer coach tells you he can get you to the next level, make sure they're not talking about the next age group.
Yay!! RT : Reminder that today's #Rockies game vs. #Reds will be televised on starting 2:00 pm MT
Top of the morning beauties!!!
When your boyfriend offers to bring you over food>>> #howsweet <U+2764>
Hope everyone on the East Coast is safe
:) RT : "Optimism is essential to achievement and it is also the foundation of courage and true progress." - Nicholas Butler.
is comedy gold. end of story.
Quickbooks for Beginners April 24, 9am. This workshop is for new users and introductions to the basics using Quickbooks....
When using cleaning products, blot the area with a suction block to remove all chemical residue.
Really??? Save it mr. Officer I don't "speed" ever
yep. I'm an online creep who will fuck you online in your online ass.
in glenview. You watching the game?
holding it down at the cma's!!!! Forget about genres!!!
Just remind yourself..."It's been weirder, it's been worse" thanks for bein a sport o_O
This week makes me want to break something. So excited for Thrice tonight with !
Sara, Ever trek to Everest base camp? Going in April with some REI gear!! Childhood friends with Peter Whittaker
Dear ESPN I don't care how much you promote the #DoOverBowl I still won't be watching.
Teacher: Why didn't you answer me? Pupil: I did, I shook my headTeacher: You don't expect me to hear it rattling from here do you!
WINGS! Red Wave is full force again!!!
Blackboard "bought" moodle with the acquisition of Moodlerooms.
Started talking about the illuminati & the end of the world & my dad chimes in with "Lou Malnati's Pizzeria is good."
Recovering nicely from the starvation of suitlessness in San Francisco. I am sucker for suits.
I HAVE A NEW HIT SINGLE IDEA THAT'LL BE PERFECT FOR YOU!!!! Hit me up ASAP
2 thumbs down. I wish Charlie was here to entertain me!
Shouts to all our new followers! We follow back! Also, find us on Facebook. Anyone in #RavenNation has a home in the #ATL! BELIEVE THAT!!
thanks. Hope to have another gig ASAP
#RandomFactAboutMe I don't like commitment/relationships.
#syttd either makes me cry or gets me really annoyed.... Ugh! Why do I do this to my self!?!?!?! no more staying home on
I'm looking for some wordpress braniacs in Austin -- know any? Please send them my way!
im in a drake mood. anyone have take care that i can borrow?
The next Ben & Jerry's flavor: Big Red Freese
My mom piss me off smh , I hate when I drive w.her omg
RT : Some ppl love the attention...wow.. Don't talk shit about a girl/guy and then still buddy buddy
lately.. in the past couple few weeks ive been rocking a new wig. a bleach blonde russian barbie jap anime kindda wig x:)
After a total of 8 hours of training and 4 hours of driving...all I want to do is collapse into bed.
:[ cant wait for it tho! <3
because the ask you things that are on your Facebook page.
Thanks for the push. LS
seems kinda gross
Life is short,Break the rules,Forgive quickly,Kiss slowly,Love truly,Laugh uncontrollably,And never regret anything that made you smile.
whats worse than biting in to an apple and find a maggot .........RAPE
Goin to the job to pick up a few units in a lil bit.Employee discounts are the shit.
"i saw you 3 times at school" *person doesnt even go to my school* "what were you doing at jeff??" *awkward silence* "......." stalker?
Loves an her Appalachia inflected indie blues. <3
Why won't my Tweet Deck work
Success is to be measured not so much by the position that one has reached in life as by the obstacles which he has overcome
They were awesome, I liked them & I think they knew it. They knew I wasn't afraid, I wanted 2 know more & they understood & showed me more.
Excited for the Packer game tonight! Have fun, be safe and drink good beer!
Man I'm feeling those Cali beats<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
CONGRATS! | RT : Time for a P.O.Box is growing.
both were in Monroe a week before their deaths too. Lincoln was in Monroe Maryland and Kennedy was in Marilyn Monroe ;)
haha yeah bra
Easygenerator is coming to MA/RI area to meet with clients & prospects. May 31, June 1. If interested contact
up go to my profile and look at my pics
Can't wait any longer for homecoming week
shut up
we were there for 2 awesome weeks
I'll take one!
Tweeps, help us help out ! Bring in 2 canned good items to our Eastern/St.Rose store & get a free med hot/iced coffee
going through the oceans....
I think a lot of user complaints about library resources stem from inadequate link resolver services. Echoed by Herrera @
I really like s version of this song. He seriously shocked me. At first I thought it wasn't him. But I realized hit was.
Normally you dont respond when i do!!!
And do you think the FLOTUS vagazzled? It is a special occasion...
Searching for the truth is easy. Accepting the truth is hard.
great tally.amazing how still they'd be trophyless.
So excited about this! RT : Interested in a network of #VSA2011 colleagues to talk to about soc med eval? #letsjoin!
the site is up, no pictures quite yet though! Soon!
Kyle Busch wins Bristol, Dario Franchitti wins Sonoma, and Rubens Barrichello win in Valencia!! good races this weekend
i miss my ex-bf "Ben" i admit it.. i don't want anyone being mean or being a total bitch to him :\
Ima most lightly move out of Penn hills....
blinking heck, I think the heating has gone mental, its topical here at the towers
Oh, what a night! Went dancing, ended up with a bloody nose! My dance partner whacked me a good one. Still sore. I'm gonna make him pay.
Babe needs to hurry up I need his charger
What happens now?
Hey Whats up :-)
My awesome kid: 'can I please have the house macaroni?'
Lol! You were taking a "nap" remember.
Norway Heavy Snow Rally video is rendering now. Seriously one of my most difficult rally races in DiRT3... but I love the challenge!
no, not lying
You know what's funny about today's entire slew of tweets? I don't even feel that strongly for charters. Think some are great, most OK.
Pre-order your copies now! ;-) RT : We are loving the new Rhian Benson Album down at the store...good vibes ()
uh uh, never have I taken a "nap". Always a cat nap :) hahah
Do biofuels like corn make sense? They use a lot of resources to produce.
what r u talking about Kavah?
Who else is excited for tomorrow? , , , and more will be here & we'll be open 'til 11!
IMO, Maxwell Smith looks like he wants to be the QB.
ROLLER COASTER TYCOON 3DS.... Did I miss it? :O
Please send follow up tweet sometime next week when those legs end.
Negativity is born in the gap where love has been excluded.
Haha they should be friends.
Im rocking with #team cotto
Feel your pain, Homes. I had them in the Final 4.
and it's a shame that not every single american feels that way:( thank you sir!!
llmfao lol ok that's word is "suppose" ima send u the rest
a long time ago!! Don't come at my gur!
#GoRabbits RT : watching 4th && Forever didnt know my old skool Long Beach Poly had a dokumentary out on tv for the football team
Andrew. Bird. That is all.
hell yeah!
I could never give that up, that shit's my world! & aw, omg, thank you :'D
its the worst trip ever.
If I got a RT from it would make my husband jealous. He thinks he is the biggest UK fan of all time LOL. Can you help me out
lookin 4 strategies that will make me "click..."
Need some help planning? We can help you find clubs, shows and even some awesome adrenaline rushes ^AP
Beastie Boys tribute all night long at 14th St and H St. We're also drinking brass monkey if you'd like to join. #RIPMCA -
Much better choice.
PEOPLE NEED 2 GET THEIR PRIORITIES STRAIGHT! Tired of everyone lookn for handouts.
my girl lol
You're very welcome. If I come across any others, I'll be sure to DM you in the future!
#favmoviequote "u knew she was bald head, she knew she ain't have no damn hair"-Smokey "FRIDAY"
I think I'm just up to early.
Thanks for sharing. :)
Only two weeks until we enter escrow on the Pacific View Elementary School site. 2 events are planned to announce the campaign: 4/18 + 5/2
Would you consider a pen pal arrangement where instead of pens we exchanged pastry?
Hot girl just watched in disgust as I shoved a breakfast burrito down my face. How you doin?
aww same here! i was on a scavenger hunt for some shit there with my mother in law lol
Why do I watch #GhostAdventures knowing damn well I'm so scary!
Damn man I miss forreal!
Thank you for all the Birthday wishes!!
mhhmmm I got bit by a lovebug..
Feeling good to be in sunny SoCal. Satellite in Silverlake tonight with and Good times!
RT : Thank you everyone who came out last night from ! was gr8 to have you in our house. cc
Unpacking Common Core standards for South Dakota, anyone have any easy ideas????
#FlyMeToLondon PLEASE?! x
sounds good!
we're trying to set something up out there very soon actually. :)
RE-air of the fencing show we did for ESPNU is on at 7PM ET tonight. Check it out - it's done as a documentary of the event.
ok. Thanks. I will go through you when I am ready.
#ThingsOnMyMind Probably better than the things on your mind
If I could I would, but I can't so I won't.
Fresh out da shower finna head to da money
I haven't -- will have to test it out next time! Peanut butter & jelly is my all-time fave, though. :)
My 2nd son arrived today, early just like his brother.
join us for our "Future Forward" theme #charity event NYE! Space Architect John Spencer to present + auction!
Pooch Hall! Nice.
yea at 7 at Tork. Ill take it with me
Good job to our good friends at Lila Ignite tonight...we missed u and u came back as strong as ever...best of luck to u all!
Any day where I can get to work and say 'oh, thank god - someone made Jell-o shots.' is a good day.
Why can't rain just pour out of the clouds??? I hate this humidity
RIP Junior Seau....
Recording is coming along but we still have a show this month, next wed. at Long Wong's, be there!
:/ i mean he deserves to be famous. his talent is just amazing but i want him to myself. is that bad?
Monroe plates four in the second and chases Kayla Negus, but Milton gets one back in the third on Chandler Richards HR. 4-3 Monroe B3
#YouKnowYoBitchBig when she go to a birthday party and the kids mistake her for a Jumper
Ya, but they can be so spendy. Maybe just food. Or I was once at a show where someone actually had a puppy in their booth.
OMG. OMG. OMG. I can't even handle the thought. Ahh, this is gonna be amazing. I just want a picture of them. Like for real.
I've got 99 problems, but my rifts ain't one.
lol it's what I do!
#SadMomentWhen you realize how you feel about someone isn't how they feel about you
Isn't that how most projects work? MT : These trans. proj. have 1 zealous volunteer who does > than 10% of the work...
hm, let us know how that goes!
Inspiring video!
its my birthday tomorrow!! :D -taylorhannish
That sounds/looks amazing. Refined comfort food. M.
#NowPlaying - Six Feet Under The Stars. Brings back memories.
You attending #wgf11?
You better #
Thanks. So much for modern technology; have the same problem at Facebook. Why does it do that? (Rhetorical question, BTW.)
um i dont know hahah sorry i forgot what we were talking about
Imagining the future: Mostly virtual experience, customized learning, freely available knowledge materials.
thanks for joining us, CFS! We just loved hanging' with ya!
kids are victims in this story.
i was born to make mistakes, and i'll die with all of my lessons learned
idk.. we'll just be making out.. and she's sitting there.Taking pictures. Its weird.But its just what moms do
We can start the countdown to the Mayan calendar end of the world (2012) To the one I said not if you're the last man on earth: just kidding
Terrible. terrible. terrible. performance. #grammys what the hell where you thinking with that one?
What kind of acting do you like to do the most? Film, stage?
lol photoshop :P
that model on your twitter page is just stunning!
Music is legit my life. Headphones in, world out. <3
Former #MKTG118 students... tonight is the night for my Twitter class, so you'll see my account active again. Using #EBUS118 hash instead.
I love that song!
I miss
wants some turkey teriyaki jerky
most of the people (98%)populating this country are idiots, slaves and freaks who want to restore the USSR.
We all know tht when we say live life with no regrets we mean don't make stupid mistakes that you'll have to regret.
when I tell people to live tweet from events they never take me serious. You're really taking it to the next level.
Btw the fence to keep the dog out of the garden failed. He jumped it and dug holes anyway! So much for home improvement.
Timsanity... I love it!
Thank you for the inspirational call tonight! You are the best friend a person could ask for! Love you!
And that was the dagger...USA is done #2012WJC #badgerhockey. Maybe they should of had a Badger in the line up instead of a bunch of rats.
It's okay next time I just won't tell you anything
And there goes my life pha
Headed out with :)
i understand reed .... like CC said, thats what player's go thru
Josh's assumption to why im obese.. " dude you could've had a 6 pack by now but you drink like its the end of 2012"
Dance, Mommies!
Heading out for a weekend trip? Get your oil changed & car ready first. Don't even leave the office - we'll come to you!
I love Derek Bieber!(;
Ty Lawson, Jrue Holiday & Jeff Teague, 3 point guards the #Knicks passed up on for Jordan Hill, not to mention Jennings whod be nasty in ny
i always can lighten a mood xD
You tweeted that it contradicts (breaks) Medina's rule
.. we won, because I wouldn't want to get killed afterwards lol. It depends tho. Sometimes I cant help it :/
great set of Colonial hats and hair - nice to see some simpler styles from a century fraught with excess.
thanks for the follow...
The end being the key word here!
The samples have arrived and photos are up on facebook!
Phillip Phillips marry me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Indeed! “: I saw that same tour right here in Portland, it was a great show. A very sad day”
Vote YES on the merger
"Bought LAUNDRY MAN. I LOVE Asian suspense." // Thanks, man. I wish there were a lot more people like you in the world...
fosters and stromboli mushrooms onions,cheese m good eats
I finished reading the book Appreciation Marketing! It was great!
How can Obamacare be a good idea? Didn't we learn anything from 2008 crisis? Namely the dangers of companies too-large-to-fail?
Steven, working the night baggage claim at Seatac, went above and beyond the call of duty to help me find my wallet. Thanks!
I think I would prefer the 12' and just use the lane lines as boundaries..what's your thoughts on 6' advantage?
Algorithms, Macros, decoding...the fck!? I'm not a computer science major!
YES! Oh, actually, I think I have one right here...
Students For a SAFE Campus & The SAFE Place present #WalkInHerHeels - a men's walk to stop rape, sexual assault, and gender violence.
Any Rogue fans out there with another suggestion???
Maybe you should hold a "design contest" on 99designs...
hanging out at my grandmothers house with dad wish she would get home already(:
Cherry Blossoms all over my freakin car!
You be my sunny day, ill be your shaded tree.
I think it was the giant douche comment that got me just want you to realize what you say before you say it
Bari sells rabbit, you can ask the butcher for just the saddle, I bet. We just picked one up today...
Haven't been in a thunderstorm like this since I left Florida.
If we dont have to play OKC in the first round we got a good shot to go the Western Conference Finals No its not Lob City, Its Dunk City 720
Chocolate covered espresso beans!!! 'nuff said people!!!!
Thx! Will take a listen & respond.
it won’t work on the GSM iPhone either... :)
I wish everyday traffic was like saturday morning traffic!
shorts today??!!
Not sure I need another social network but I think I'll give google+ a try.
Changed my twitter handle to reflect the new move... now!
Bryz should have had that one
Vince, I got an idea! Wrestlemania 29: The Sisters Of Destruction vs. The Manning Brothers.... Buried Alive!!! Get at me, VKM, lol!
I wanna laugh. But I know exactly what you talking about. I need help
I'm veryfucking irritated right now. She's not our kind and is reading to me like I'm 3.
A March 23rd Zeppelin tribute show is creeping up on us ... What songs should we play ?? Which ones should we never play ?!
Powers out?
- it's lisa from One Club. follow me here, too, for the "real" me - hehehehe
& follow me please #SOMEDAY :)
Hey (:Whats up?? Only 80 more to go <3
the best christmas present a girl can ask for is just a simple hello from you. I love you. <3
"You think i lost the best.. When i could do better in the first place(; Thanks" He broke up with mee.
clearly they've replaced the animal's stomach lining with a kilt
for instance I always teach a unit on Political Participation around the election cycle...
I still can't believe I get paid to PLAY all day. I love being a speech path - best job ever!
we were just talking about this with someone else at the conference so it's definitely on the list!
Lou Harrison: A World of Music (2011): Paint-by-numbers PBS style doc of an individual filled with passion, humor, insight, and genius. 4:5
But what will become of his glasses?
I like mondays less than the boomtown rats
Tea partiers cause the Steven Seagal to be accused of sexual abuse. When will the violence end?
Stopping for a moment to wish everyone a Happy Turkey Day tomorrow.
#japan Why don't we have robots to deal with radioactive materials?
NEW SHIPMENT MKORS WATCHES JUST IN ! FREE LAYAWAY! FREE VALENTINES RAFFLE GIVEAWAYS! STOP BUY FREE BRACELET BEAD SAT/SUN MENTION TWITTER!WSL
Show at Dales went great! Tonight {Tues.} I'm playing with Casanova at Daytona Beach at the Full Moon Saloon on Main St. Gonna be rockin'!!!
you don't love snoop dog just love him for his doggy style. Haha
Interesting take. Wow! My daughter's tuition was $80K
No hail please!!
Picciano - Big foundations are setting the education agenda in this country - would prefer to see the agenda set by educators.
The EU willingness to stop buying oil by June is directly related to the willingness to use force.#Herzliyaconf amb blackwell.
MT : Ds leap enthusiasm gap. Obama's Columbus rally, first of 2012 race, is dramatically larger than Romney events so far.
Y'all sleep posting yo license pic don't you know it shows yo address?
That shampoo adv comes to mind, yes, yes, yes
So.. #DMB song on American Idol .. Hope for it to be #Halloween !!!
this Avon hood off 21st past raceway has some courts.
f You Have A Gut Feeling To Leave, Then That's A Good Enough Reason.
Thank you, Carla :)
I gotta rep the
damn i need to type my history paper
Thank u very much for liking us on fb! U will recieve a thx from there later in the day as well.
What are you doing in Boston?
I love it
Glad you all liked our #SuperMoon pic - Happy Sunday!
Five years for this track? I think it took Cosmic Gate a day to produce Exploration of Space.
that what I say about all my friends. And man juice. Or something.
#killit : Seein the NCAA championships today at Wickliffe got me pumped for Nebraska.
10"4 brah don't stop the grind stay motivated
What does that mean?
Need to start planning my vacation for the summer
I can't believe it's been so long since I have been on Twitter! Sorry! Way too busy, but that's no excuse right!
Really looking forward to going to Hillsong with 180 tonight! Then Kentucky on Sunday...busy, busy, busy!
What a great Sunday in Miami.
Hey Guys....No Practice Today due to the Thunderstorms!!! Let the colonials who don't check fb know!!!
I should not have played Angry Birds!!!
once i start getting i will get more shirts from an others
Jokes about the racism of Hollywood don't work when you are Hollywood.
Well I just got into twn about an hour ago.Took a look around, see which way the wind blow.Where the little girls in their Hollywd bungalows
This just made me cry :') You are so supportive Alex<3 Austin is lucky to have you in his life
To be honest, I don't want Austin to get his braces off :)
well yeah dood its like if I went back to having my ears at 3/4 it doesn't make sense.
"She was an actress, now she's just a drama queen."
Shucks! Thought you were coming with us.
PDFescape () is the greatest thing ever - thanks !
Time for some #H50 with
No. The heart of the mother that is crying the loudest. If our men are being extinguished, then so are we. Their story is ours.
So why u got one Chasity ???
Thanks Gabe, I owe much of it to you and Rick!
DRINKING ENOUGH WATER IN THE WINTER? Raises metabolism, increases energy, reduces appetite. Best drank cold/iced/add lemons.
that's fine. As long as I win I'm good
God night Twitter <U+2665> x
I got a kick out of the 2nd photo on the front of the "vision & overview" page. I think "Slavic Serial Records" represents the old!
I don't know it Just started! Its scary!
Monday Night #RAW! Yeah Triple H! You tell him.
true, the conditioning is sad. And to have #ThinkLikeAMan headed toward $60mil in 2 weeks use it NEEDLESSLY 3x is just bad news.
You know what's really funny to non-Wisconsinites? When you talk about the town Chenequa.
Should be able to drag and drop to manage subscriptions/folders in Google Reader
Honeybadger don't care. Honeybadger don't give a shit!
Let's get shwasted!!!
wow, beautiful! Echo if you come across similar work exploring astronomy/night sky, send along please!
Is now a full fledged AFTRA member!!!!
Petitioner training/signing in KC at Californos, 4124 Pennsylvania in Westport from 4-6 today. Help us legalize cannabis in MO!
Borders closing = now 1 bookstore only on all of Maui. *gulp*
hope everyone has finished all their work --- grades are due today!
Just breathe, and have faith that everything will work out for the best
Oh Jordan, trust me, it's not attractive. It would send any guy running.
who's wedding is this?
Despite the fact I don't vote in #Mexico, I will be watching the
EVERYONE ON HERE NEEDS TO FOLLOW !!!!!!!!!!
Are you true to yourself? If you say you're (a) "metalhead""rocker""goth""scene""emo," etc, the answer is no. Fuck trends, be yourself!
ssssiigh. my panel's over. I have postpartumpanel syndrome.
I'm Doing me. Do yourself a favor and do you I don't need any male groupies
Bank holiday and I'm in bed sound
what about the Green wave basketball team.
moving 4 blocks away. my option to get into the pricey west side market. so excited. new beginning for me. ANEW!
Kurt Cobain > Justin "Beaver"
follow back??
John thanks for the RT.
Theyve won like 26-28 but we just beat them in SA 3 weeks ago, they a lil worried!
refs trying to stop terps from pulling upset today
we can't wait to see you!
oven is humming ..the flashing "FRESH HOT BISCUITS" " sign is on!
yep pricey to live in manhattan...but outer boroughs u could find cheaper spot or in north jersey
It's a gorgeous day in Milwaukee! I'm even more excited for spring break and warm weather now
Do or Do Not. There is no try.
This Sixers/Celtics game is sloppy as hell
Hello San Diego!
what about them o.o
awww yeah. Good luck!
It's on TV right now!
Yes you are correct...on its way out...still have my Nokia Astound though......wishful thinking re: the app. I guess.
Professions that people cheat the most in. Secret Service is apparently now on the list along with athletes, rock stars, what else?
in back bay closing.. Oh no!
I think that could be done...could also build 'mini' events throughout the year.
still aint got no dang Iphone but it's commin
hope to see you this weekend!
Cute! Plus: What a beautiful yard & beyond!
You don't do nothing like that
Thanks to the UVU students, there is now a Google Ad campaign for Jillian's Story! Success is measured by clicking the Google Ad + buying!
who else is here the whole summer
Haven't Tweeted In The Longest >.<
Your Mom deserves the best! Enjoy a special Mother's Day menu for $59 per guest. Private rooms available. Reservations 210-228-0700
That's what you get for following people while on PCP.
She lives in my lap.
Ok I know you said that you don't have a personal Facebook account but someone under your name keeps adding me!
Government says Lozis are committing treason by declaring state within Zambia
as I understand it, yes.
haha... I want one too!
Getting ready to launch my new website and new products, also a GREAT SALE for the month of November! Stay tuned...~Amber~
Local team chairs are selected by that team itself per event. Important to note "local" is not required to be on an event team.
Well, looks like our "San Francisco summer" has bid farewell. Time to fire up those heat lamps and clean out the fireplace.
Ever just want to BE somewhere completely different? Right now I'd like to be in Yosemite National Park in the 1970s.
Thanks for the shout we're excited about this opportunity!
They seem to do some renewal checking post-22, but I don't rly understand (& not sure I trust) their review process
What are the best technologies to promote collaboration in large non profit groups like bar association? #abaclc. Dropbox? Others?
Good morning beauties.
We don't stop <U+03F7>La<U+03B3><U+03AF><U+03B7><U+050D> because we grow old; we grow old because we stop <U+03F7>La<U+03B3><U+03AF><U+03B7><U+050D>. <3
RT : The problem with people who have no vices is that you can be sure they're going to have some pretty annoying virtues.
Great! See you at the Theater!
Any school records ?
would surely create a "Urticaria Index" or "Urticaria-gate" were there to be some sort of sports itching scandal
Angelina Jolie's dress can only accommodate 3 legs, max. That's why her 4th leg has to stick out like that. She told me this on the phone.
Sydney Bleu coming into Boston @ Venu this thursday night please contact us for guestlist or table RSVP 2019377807
No Laird. We are the 99 percent.
Preach, preacher!
What are some places to hang out before a Red Sox game?
Special appearance today on Fox News at noon! Tune in for Wade in thr Water previews!
Going to hear tonight in Buffalo with and ! :-)
If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader. ~ John Quincy Adams
I promise it wasn't personal! :P
What did you think of A Moveable Feast?
Hey Toni, are you available for coffee next week at all?
thanks my man
My ex? Yeah I'd still hit that. Only this time it'd be with a car or baseball bat....
Thank you for sponsoring #FRPAA! This legislation will help the U.S. to stay competitive in education and applied research!
beyond annoyed with ups.
so no one has a formspring? ok i feel like a loner.
Neti Pot success...
I just want something real...not something built on lies
you having too much fun!
MT : #Bachmann says #Obama must answer questions on #Libya: For example "where is it?" || Let's start closer to home: NH? MA?
I'm not ignoring you. I'm just waiting for you to talk to me first
": Who's 1st?" Let's nominate and focus on one member to make an example of him/her for the rest of
Couple of years ago he was running for president Yesterday he was on same plane as me Tonight John McCain appearing on David Letterman show
I c
do you officially have a c in your name these days?
i'll save you <U+2665>
U may be upset, but talk to me girl cause i gotchu
First a fake clinical trial, now a fake peer reviewed journal...what's next...fake drugs?
staying in Orlando for the most part but I can always come back for a weekend :)
Just rel to love!I will RT you
Too bad my friend joseph has no twitter "/ I miss that punk!
Jacquard loom point-paper and punch card designs remind me of bit-rasters from digital signalling channel data.
Who wants to come over and watch the game? Tip off at 11
Diabetes experts from EVMS and beyond are leading Turning the Tide on Diabetes conference in Va Beach this weekend.
is in Grenoble, France!
It just does ok :p
what's good big bro?
dude... Your spoken word gives chills, #fuckme that shit is unreal.
:-) well I understand the nerd tendencies haha so it's all good!!
I walked in the door and Violet yelled "Big Daddy!" (that is her grandma's cat) This is her way of getting back at me for leaving last wknd.
Common sense is not very common
Cleaning house.....in a totally delirious mood
Just Started Beyond the Buzz! So far, great perspective on conversation vs presentation PR, esp. the more general the audience gets.
#LAThtr #FF New Rogue tweeting artists from #WhereTheGreatOnesRun and & from
glad you're enjoying Hamlet's! So am I. Hope your talk goes well!
Let's be honest... our kids, all of them, are spoiled freakin' rotten.
V-cube captured the Health Care Reform event yesterday at the LA Chamber. Soon you will be able to see it! Stay tuned!
I miss the old days... specifically November 26, 2011
Thought it was my imagination it seems colder than usual in here...until I opened the carton w/my lunch in it & I can see steam
Missed you yesterday, but I'm here in the store all day till 5 pm. Come by and get a free Dr. Pepper on the house.
Seriously epic chat going on right now in #torchat with amazing YA writers !
He's gotta realize he's already behind on brownie points bc most RedSox fans think Tito should still be in Boston.
Tipping 90 this weekend! So glad #BroadwayCab is air conditioned for your comfort!
Eatin IL Vicino,and a drum solo like Kieth Moon!How are your Apps.
Help me help #Baltimore, contribute to my campaign right now online - bit.ly/oAs3ds Thank you so much!
That's how we do it here, Nick. #Redsox Win! Goodnight!
How do we let the rest of the world know about the Madison we love? Great discussion with Marsha Lindsay and Deb Archer, CVB.
Good luck!
When I see ads for "Gun and Knife" shows, I mentally add phrase "and Tiny Penis Convention.".
Follow me first and let's decide together.
ah are you having a crisis? Poor baby
I no every1 does! I tried everything! I tried for meet and greet at z100, for izod,beacon,& MSG but had noo luck!:(
Well, hey fellas!
I BELIEVE IN MIRACLES......YOU SEXY THANG;)
oh really
By the way, the final tally for #SexyResults attendance: 427. None of us expected more than 250. THANK YOU.
~that's good they get a vote. it's just hard seeing other cities get shows that my arena should be getting.
Thinking about Baltimore - all the time!
probably perfecting his muffin recipes for all the "please stay" muffin baskets nick will be finding on his porch all summer
TRUE. However, it seems silly to pretend hetero white male privilege doesn't exist.
yeah but he did an asterisk for Rose, like if he was healthy maybe they were gonna win haha
RT : #CUNY Brd of Trustees well-heeled picks of gov & mayor. CUNY students r majority wrking class, immigrant, ppl of color.
R u certain they were cops or Mo's paid security? Hubbie is retired Houston firefighter/cop and u still have options!!
what if on twitter you go by Meggie? It's so much more endearing.
Yes, Kate Smith is an awesome Radio promotor. She's going to work on my upcoming record.
Good morning Beauties! "A real friend is one who walks in when the rest of the world walks out." -Walter Winchell Enjoy your day!
Off to Grand Performances!
so sorry we missed you! could have sent #houarts koozies and t-shirts! guess we'll save it for !
Legends are born in October. Totally about baseball but I'd like to think I was included in that group.
anyone up for a game of #KissKillFuck ? -briana
no, I have an iPhone but I'm a huge technology nerd and have watched reviews and stuff on them!
Video Marketing Strategies – Take your Network Marketing ...
It does no harm just once in a while to acknowledge that the whole country isn't in flames, that there are people in the country
love you :)
RT : Chapter Four is all about skateboarding, advertising, and branding. From skateboard to billboard: Hardcore!
We can also make custom shirts for your business or sports teams!!!!
Mid Afternoon Shake Break - Black & White (chocolate and vanilla mixed).
I want kenkey then
you can download it
The book of face just asked me if I knew Sean Combs...thanks for the foreshadow Marky Zuck
So many ugly people lmao
Currently Recruiting Angels for an Upcoming Event In ATL if U R interested in becoming an Angel
Memo to the fellas: Strap up or pull out. Memo to the ladies: Ensure that these men Strap up or pull out
oh I remember that. You had that wiffleball working wonders.
Knicks will be in NBA finals, of course.
seriously. I can't find one person in LA who's remotely interested. It's disheartening. :*(
The black loop smells like the inside of a keg.
Nocontact from NTB. I have since had the vehicle inspected by an independent & it appears NTB has done very poor work for me.
just called me a home wrecker haha
Dreadful August 8th.
but u can dance like vinny
After a glance at Urban Dictionary, let it be known that I am "pleased, proud, or happy" for /you/.
Be brave, be strong, live long.
yay new episodes! :)
You know, for a girl that doesn't work out, I have a lot of work out clothes...
Took a nice long walk to the SMFA and spent the day looking at Artist's Books.
its sent bruh.
That was us! You should've come over! Oh well, we'll try it again soon!
#NBA #BOSATL RT : I wanna reach 100 guys, come on!
I only slept for about 6 hours last night, but it was uninterrupted, so I feel more rested than when I sleep 8+ and get woken up by the cats
Oh yeah >=} RT: Lmfaooo oh yea ?
To act as if you know don't know whats wrong when with someone when you played a role in both the cause and effect, tht innocent card <<<<<<
Wednesday is *Kids Eat Free Day* (10y & under with adult combo purchase)! Bring your parents and have some Acme fun!!!
Just give me something to believe in.
working a new song. Loopin' up a storm.
when do you think they'll announce the time...what a tease to tell us what day but not what time!
This might mean we have to lower our rates with such stiff competition out there LOL
This is AWESOME....
Hopefully tonight turns out to be entertaining.
- THANK YOU for spreading the word!!
I cannot clean unless I have my music blasting throughout the house <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6> or else nada will get done
Who even buys 20 bags anymore..
are one of those unemployed protesters?
Going out with my girls, looking cuuuuteeeee!!! :)
Haven't been in the school building for 2 minutes and i'm ready to go home.....
Cookies and milk!(: haha yum.
Trying to get it homie...
"landi Kai the ritz" literally rolling around in a sandbox
We had the Cards as him. I think the Cubs are Webb.
the self/sings alone
follow ___________ _________wow he's just AMAZING he's like the greatest singer ever
Dr.Who: 'The Shakespeare Code'- a different Dr/good episode. Shout out to for recommending earlier eps.
#4HOURS3MINUTES37SECONDS i'm going CRAZY HERE!! Fkfhjfitghgjiohjfk!!!
your logic may be the truth, but I like to think I have magical internet haha
#kidscreen Pitch It entry number 3: Chugga Chugga Wow. Mixed live/animated preschool interactive game - play along at home on tablet.
I know i hope somebody saves her. Maybe she got the tape loose from her hands & can swim. I hope she will be safe.
The Really Fancy Shmancy Place... what's it? o yeah. The Krusty Krab
Well, when you put it that way...
Thank you for RT. I had a blast visiting the JAHQ during
Great night at the #SundayJazzLounge (aka Matt Ripps) crushed it!
Sounds great! Just indicate that you are one of my "friends" and I will add you that way! I look forward to connecting!
Why are loglines more difficult to write than screenplays? Find out after a word from our sponsors...
I'm in need of a new All Time Low shirt to add on to my collection. That would be shirt #8? Or 9.
*Eyes slowly closing while reading.*
that game was crazy. As much as I hate it, paul pierce went in
Anyone interested in my moderately conservative views, esp on int'l affairs, Israel & Mideast, is warmly invited to follow
“If you want to go somewhere, it is best to find someone who has already been there.” -Robert Kiyosaki
Happy Easter......That Is All....
cant get no better than this...... a broke ass ankle!
taking an opportunity means taking a step without too concerned about an outcome of the process. you just commit yourself to each step.
oh shit I can watch it online!!!!
reflecting on teacher appreciation week, and i can't single out just one teacher. so many have had an impact on me, my goals, my life!
what was you drinking and can I get some of that??
No mentoring today so i decide to to go work on my sax solo.well choir is in class right now and hearing them just assures me a made the ...
yo do you have a contact on Kris?
If played at the superbowl id actually watch it
HAPPIEST DAY OF MY LIFE TO-DATE!! OBAMA'S SUPPORT FOR #MarriageEquality IS JUST SO WONDERFUL FOR US!!!! IT GOT BETTER! GAY IS OKAY!!
perfect morning for a hike!
yep, needed that one
Have a joyous, prosperous, healthy , and prayerful New Year!!!! God Bless You!
congratulations on level 59!!!! :) Please re-add me as a friend on pandanda... please. GRATZZ
Everything is hockey and I don't care
I learned this! It's when you tweet something about someone (generally derogatory) without mentioning them by name.
why I thought you liked them so you don't eat them
If you truly listen to 2 Chainz you would realize this nigga says ridiculous shit.
Got my first project back from a vendor today!
In the studio!!!
hell yea, we takin the world by storm.
let us know what you think... hopefully the scoutmob discount doesn't make the crowds too crazy
Thank you for following me!! :)
good stuff!
Aye ma salt rinse worked!!!!
Happy Asian New Year!! =)
Holy shit, "winged it" on my acct exam last week and got a B!!! Hell ya bitches
It's worth it if you travel a lot and can get the discounted membership rate
ha thanks
Went to a "Black Thai" event last night. I was the only guy in a FUBU kimono.
Couldn't have wished for more perfect #chicago weather. No way am I staying inside.
Pls. RT FB etc. First step, sign up for Twitter. Second, turn on your location for your tweets.
Today I fielded emails from Seoul, Stockholm, Uppsula, & Little Havana but haven't gone more than 20 mi from my house in over a week
When I get on the bus ppl will recognize.. "that gangsta is ballin', yo."
See first that the design is wise and just; that ascertained, pursue it resolutely. -William Shakespeare
Why are banks less keen to lend to Welsh businesses?
The USCIS's duties include national security, process of citizenship and immigration services, and relations with customers.
Looking for any kind of grammar on-line games or interactive sites, please help.
you forgot the ">>>"
It's only a matter of time GOD please keep me from going insane so I can see the Day come
My metabolism and my tiredness are ridiculous. I am so hungry and falling asleep.
RT "All this is the way to the destined reign of Troy. Thank you, and fight on -- always!" -- C. L. Max Nikias
...and some gum. I got gum too.
Oh god here we go overtime or a bulls win. I don't like this situation.
Thanks for the follow back. I wonder how much students at FIU are being impacted by excessive tolls on their commutes.
I could be your #PersonalShopper. I would find the greatest deals!!!!
I can't sleep tonight I am all wound up.
the office is boring without steve carell
the new Tallest Man on Earth is amazing
lmaao mad jelly rn..I ate my stash;(
Links to iTunes, when you're referring to particular track or album, turn into iTunes download links for non-iTunes users.
It's a sad day 4 the profession of acting when moronic untalented swine hav romances w/co-stars.Hello?It is called acting!Be a professional!
Currently trying to find a way to rob Peter to pay Paul so I can order a big, gooey pizza for dinner tonight. I frickin' deserve it.
everyone goo n follow shes so awsume =] HURRY go n follow =D ppwweeaasseee
i can but sumtimes i cant
This Wed at 2:30 pm: pre-event celebration of our July exhibition. Unveiling fragments & raising a Bedouin tent. FREE to the public.
Apricot tea is like drinking potpourri.
Loving your retweets from first generation college grads. Why I've been smiling to myself at my desk all morning. :)
Neither I am...I haved both nightmares and good dreams, but usually have to wake up durint the good ones!
Highlight of was meeting at #ArgoTea (oh & all the great films of course!)
smh. It would
Whatever you do in life, always give 100%... unless you're donating blood.
You don't have to hate the player nor the game if you don't get involved! Tricks are for kids!
Hi! I know. Long overdue.
Mahinmi has quietly become a reliable NBA center.
S/O to my new followers and
The world as we know it is a different place thanks to Steve's vision and leadership. We all learned something from him.
hahaha ppl are ridiculously not right:P
"American Idol transcends age, gender, ethnicity, everything." - Carrie Underwood <3
Let it go, man.. it's only a quarter.
I think we are going to go with The Christmas Gift - El Regalo de Navidad for our VIA project. Thoughts?
NFL draft winners/losers: Redskins qualify as both after taking Robert Griffin I, Kirk Cousins
I am incredibly impressed
Rick Stansbury may be a Kentucky native but he's close to being un-welcome round these parts.
Heeeyyy! Thanks yall! I appreciate that so much!! #DID!!
Losing weight! YAY~
$100 Bucks if you dont laugh
The Official MC Competition tonight in Philly - doors 8pm -
I do not understand what you mean by that. I assume it's pretty clever.
are you not coming??
Hey Suzy, thanks for the follow...hope you get your workout in to start off your week right!
#Brides! Still looking for a #venue? The has an OPEN HOUSE on SATURDAY from 10am-2pm!
my sister insists that I tell her where I'm going but when I say nowhere she gets mad. I can't just take a shower?! geez!
Low-paying workers are effectively subsidiaing museums
I wish, did my normal Presidio loop this morning.
RT : Service between #Newark and #WTC operating with a 15-minute delay due to signal problems.
::squeal!!!:: congratulations! I hadn't seen the news. So excited for y'all...that little girl will be so loved.
Yep, does he Tweet? He and I have discussed stuff. I suspect we will hang when I am in CHS this summer interning.
Exactly what im feeling. I feel chu.
gigs are comming thanks to peeps like you:) be a fan@ Be part of this original vibe!Expierence my guitar:Blues/rock,
expecting some mall quality photos
My rooms gross!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3> i'm coming home and cleaning all day tomorrow<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
So many great book-to-movie adaptations up for an Oscar this weekend! What's your pick to win? We loved The Help & The Descendants!
Yeah, but lucky was more like a "role model" Britney I'd prefer the "out of her cage" Britney.
Delighted to have following me. #architecture #criticism #historicpreservation We missed you at last week.
thanks for the insight!
NBA Playoffs 2012: 5 Burning Questions for the Oklahoma City Thunder
Red Sox lead Indians 4-1 at the Top of the 7th Inning
Just met a true playa
Okay so imma finish this essay by 2 d:
Thank you so much for all of the glowing recommendations!!!
Happy Easter everyone! Hope it's a good one!!
": What is green and has wheels? Grass. I was kidding about the wheels."
Looking forward to a good discussion
Hi ladies, exquisite shopping @ DPC!!!
Tomorrow's ReadAloud 3-4pm Thompson Library features President Gee! Come hear him read from his favorite books!
New Concur Report Provides In-Depth Look at $50 Billion Worth of T&E Spend
In-house video producers can use outside production companies for opinions to improve videos or provide a faster turnaround.
oh ok??? That sounds cool <33
Phone been dead all day n I ain't feelin that
Zimmerman Said Trayvon Tried To Attack Him! All He Had Was Skittles. Tf Did He Try To Do , Make You Taste The Rainbow ?
Ready to finally read Stieg Larsson's books
You are making me sad with all these #sadtweets :(
seconds after it is decapitated
Unless your job is crucial to the actual survival of the human race itself, I would simply not show up for work tomorrow.
> listening -Thanks!
hello! Thanks for reaching out. Are you enjoying #socialmidas so far?
I can't believe I figured out what that guy was asking for.
Haha, my point precisely.
hell yeah
why won't my mom reply I want to go home
Timber, Jimmy Jacobs and the Barking Spiders are entering the building when a car skips to a stop in front of them.
RT : #SocialMedia By making a customer unhappy in real life they might tell 5 people. Make them unhappy on the internet and...
A4: I can do solo but prefer to speak with a partner like or as part of a panel.
Not revolutionary? Taxes.
Thanks for the RT, Robert! Kevin
awesome! Will definitely tweet about this tomorrow at a decent hour! :)
The force you use to turn off the light in the living room from your computer. Have you gone over to the dark side?
hahaha me too!!! I figured I may as well get I over the fear now
Wish we were in LA running on Dunkin'! Oh beautiful bayous. RT : #FF Wish we were runnin on here in Louisiana!
That awkward when the only french words are the lyrics to "Lady Marmalade"....
Only in print: May 8 - Daily Ardmoreite Only in print: May 8 Daily Ardmoreite By Staff reports Wilson Christmas lights exceed expectation
Great meeting you too! Thanks for the love!
Happy birthday, Adrian!!! :) Hope you're having a fantastic day so far! I'm a fellow Aquarius :)
are u guys coming to Draft? We have some new plans in the works for our INTL broadcasters that I'm going to share soon!
Just tapped, Dry Stout (replaces Brewing Imperial IPA)
yea i keep bein told.i didnt think yall would. i miss yall so much i havent laughed the same without yall lol
Now I just need to get this portfolio presentation over with…
Has it always been lit? I walk my fair share around this city at night and have NEVER noticed it before!
I'm listening to music and nothing now. Someone made me happy. Hehe. >:D
Hi, will be exhibiting at AWP, come see us.
Can we all agree to throw "under the bus" under the bus?
By mastering essential audition skills, you'll raise your confidence and free yourself of an attitude that's in the way of your success.
Funny how people are starting to tune out of 's f8 stream now that their CTO is out talking to geeky developers :D
better get a wedding invite Nicca!
Great first day and with ! Can't wait to get going!
what is #TheSolution?
So I hear album is coming out in September
Gonna kick him till I need new shoes he`HE`HEY!!
Can you follow me back please!!!!!!!
Hey Short Fuse!
He's straight aggravating. Hard if not impossible to root for him
Umm you are from Sandusky, Ohio? Tommy Boy is my all time favorite movie. "Brothers don't shake hands, brothers gotta hug."
RT : RT : Forgetting whats behind me and move on -
That's just sad..
Hey Eva! Saw that you followed us! Have a great day.
What is this world coming to?
You are my life.
you arent far. I can make that trip
Right, as strong as I am I wanted to cry RT : :(
I agree
lol happy early birthday
Business, sports, education, and basketball!
Yey!!! Just send us your address so you can get your North Face backpack, courtesy of !
FOLLOW BACK :-)
It is Persuasion by Jane Austen!
Hey you should go punch your sister 15 times since only 2 people punched her today
Haha not being contentious at all. Hope that wasnt the impression you recieved.
RT : RT : If you have something to say about me say it to me.
Thanks to Gloria Kwan, Proskauer's Recruiting & Diversity Coordinator and #PENCILPartner for helping with yesterday's Partnership Workshop!
I want to go to SoundWave!
Yes, I was a little juiced over Boozer's 31 point outing!
I want some
Just tapped, Spire Hard Apple Cider (replaces New Belgium Lips of Faith Super Cru Ale)
Thanks for your support!
Cats wld be Top Story if had UNC issue. Wait, we are. ": tired of everybody but UK getting free pass”
now, I could pretend to know what that is and say GREAT...but in reality I must ask: what's tarmasalata?
Remembering how mad my mom was last night, she almost took my phone. And she wasn't even mad at ME! Wtf
I wish that was an option right now.
oh! We're on 3D shapes, just finished them.
I voted a couple weeks ago
U welcome love :0)
You have to keep 1, erdan, harangody or hollins who do you keep?
if you smack the light off a light skinned person they become clear . lmao
The hotter it gets, the more I sweat, the less I care. I'm literally sweating empathy, must find AC.
"bibliographic rapture" at CDL today!
Please pick 2: V-Jax, Andre, McGahee, Cruz. Thanks!
Jared Weaver no hitter!
Today we wish our curator, Tim Nisly, a big, happy birthday!
Two great casting offices this past week, so kind and fun. Make the job so much easier.
I didn't realize it was 1am. I work too much!
If Bucks go 500 in the East and dont make the playoffs - it will be the first time since 2004-05 that a team went 500 and didn't get in
Good dunk bledsoe
I didn't teach you that in Spanish class! Ha! Hope you're having fun at the film festival!
i wanna see that new owl movie ; just soo i can listen to Owl City <3
Tell your fashion friends to follow ! It's a beautiful life when in Purple.
You are very beautiful!
Everything is great there! Never had a bad meal. Could live off their cornbread alone.
Little black dress and sequin heels kind of night.. its Friday!
Hopefully he'll come around. I had the harder time with my mom surprisingly.
Embarrassing confession time: I have a giant bruise on my ass cheek.
real sore right now, summer workout is killing me
John Gerzema has found optimism, resiliency and opportunity in consumer trends
thanx for the welcome!
Tick just crawlin on my leg
Nothing is ever achieved without enthusiasm. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Good idea. I like how Tagxedo can make the could into shapes like the high heel in your post. I don't think wordle can do that.
thanks for follow! Looking forward to reading your blog. Need all the #gardening guru advice I can get!:)
I been thru the best in life and the worst... But nothing compares to the pain of a broken.
Jorge Klor de Alva of the University of Phoenix to speak at CHEA Annual Conf. and Intl. Seminar. See Preliminary Program at www.chea.org.
Out gettin lunch#chinese food
Life is just so much more fun when wearing a SpiritHood! Which one did you get?
Dream Big and Believe! The best advice I ever got. How about you?
Looking for #slpeeps with experience in #ABA or similar approach in the #Miami area, please RT
we hope so. It's supposed to be fun. :) we had a blast. I'm sure you could tell from my intro video I tried to do. Lol
This might be one of the best soundtracks ever.
Mikulski pressures Harris, Bartlett on U.S. Postal Service overhaul
Yeah, you're right. We should all leave the safety of our own home after calling the cops to shoot people dead.
I know the difference when I speak, but sometimes when I write, their distinctions get lost. ;-)
#Paranormal Portal to a Parallel Universe
#kids The Perfect Audition at Arena's Performing Arts Centre, Sat, May 12 1:00p: The workshop is designed to help your child learn how to...
It's cold!
All honor's wounds are self-inflicted. -Andrew Carnegie
hmu if you wanna be one
her goes randy
Well lunch was too fun. They gave us an extra 2 bottles of wine for free. Now I just need to hide for a sec so my cheeks stop being soo red
you just got Ronaldoed
I'm craving Lou's pizza but I can't eat it
RandomFact: Justin Bieber was my 282 follower. He followed me in April 2010. While he was in Austraila.
Going home and going to sleep<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
I didn't get my homework done because my dad had me picking all the tomatoes from the garden because it was supposed to frost.
Thanks for listening chelmusic!
Liked. :D
Why do you adore me?????
Walking through the pouring rain. No umbrella.
Royal wedding captures the attention of Chicago seniors
yep. Get on twitter. What is the course topic?
can u plz tell towanda that her hubby is a lil "how u doooooiiin!" my gaydar is going off!
If you're not asleep, you're awake, and you're probably angry. Wait.... #occupate ?
RING OUT AHOYA
H-U!!!!! The #Bison #OccupyHomecoming with a 35 - 28 victory over *previously* undefeated NCA&T!!
Boys have attuides just like females but even worser.
"Oh hey, look, is that my lord and savior being beaten and whipped and crucified by an angry mob? Awesome! Let's call this day Good Friday!"
what u got up today
yes Tagalog!! It's my favorite
omg right?
It was a blessing to see that many people at my grandma's service. Had to pull extra chairs and still had people standing.
I'd be in; I totally see why playing is fun (esp. w/Romo). Maybe you 2 need to teach me why watching is fun...
'Sometimes the best thing a Christian can do...is take a nap.'
it pisses me off when theres no damn food in this house
Can you please follow me? I'm a HUGE fan.
Almost blew it there at the end... Good last stand.
please follow she is you biggest fan!22
uh no, I haven't.
The NY Knicks are 5+ games out of a playoff birth... :-(
Hey Reggie! mentioned you were on Twitter! Hope all is well! xoxo
Runners, To increase your pace, speed up your arm swing.
naughtical is comin back to the burgh
I will die for you!
I dislike teenage girls, they are constantly pmsing and taking it out on me.
s stylists daughter. Harry went swimming with her Xx
When eating pussy, don't be a pussy
Thank god all the girls on #BigBreak this year are hot.
If you can't find the sucker at the table.. it's probably you.
R.I.P. Mark Edward Lenzi July 4, 1968 – April 9, 2012 Two days older than my older brother. Gone way too soon
I just saw the #monstermash video! U guys were awesome! :D <3
I got a big bone alright RT : Husky? Don't you mean big boned?
whats good out there today? Hit me
I heard the queen got a haircut
Hi *smiles*
Im way to picky.
All I ever do is big, so all she wanna do is Big.
12/30/2010 Who Gives a Tweet: MIT Researchers Build a Hot Or Not for Twitter TechCrunch
Dont forget LGBT night tonight! Free STOLI from 9-1030pm DJ starts 4th Stoli Dink and Son of a Peach Wheat beer in on US!!!!!!!!
The show must go on....
Facebook: server capacity/dev time to push every inane notification everywhere! Sync’ing viewed notifications between devices? Crazy Talk!
& : some wild & crazy guys.
Great job on the #OpenGov panel today! Really enjoyed the conversation.
I need a new wardrobe..
So tired of reaching out to somebody who doesn't care. I've been there for you for everything& all I ever get is dodged im done.deuces
Of course. But fair warning. At least two men in pajamas at Four Barrel this morning.
#Its2012WhyYouStill taking pics of ya money, or flashing it In the club pics..GO sit yo broke ahh DOWN
I want to go shopping.So many cute styles!
Best way to enjoy a Sunday!
I’m into tattoos and drinking ‘til six Fucking ‘til nine, sleeping ‘til twelve And going back to my homies with a story to tell
Uh oh the evil cough is back. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
I saw a hobo tumblinq on the sidewalk..... And I thouqht,"Oh, such a wonderful siqht! What A classic Hobo."
Loving the deal for
I feel like spring is finally here
Is my new hero. She uses the subjunctive mood in tweets.
the less you expect from people .. the more you get
Shheeeiitt!Hour& a half? ya`ll must travel well together.takes u bout 30min(unless everybody is asleep).
Lo siento, I have forgotten. I know several of them have seen though c:
Things I Yell At My Co-Workers: "Are you talking about rap music without me AGAIN?!"
Thanks for noticing me and giving me the reason. Take care :) bye pretty
Thank you everyone for all the donations toward #tornadorelief! We are no longer accepting donations. Thanks for reaching out, OKC!
No, you dont know all of the song if you only know the chorus. Dont distroy Outcast.
RICK SANTORUM is hanging UPSIDE DOWN on the cross because he was wrong about 7 out 8 colleges don't offer history courses. NLD Mom.
Thinking about what TED-ED could mean for PD, parent ed, and students...myriad opportunities!
Mrs. Louise Waite is in 'Abdu'l-Bahá's reception room at the Plaza Hotel. He calls her Shahnaz: "songbird".
Recreate your future to suit your desired lifestyle. All else will follow.
I think I kinda want Clint Eastwood to be our next president now.
cool so you getting more famous for it ?
#martiansVSgoblins yea buddy
My Kingdom for a #followback! :)
Keep it up “: Some people say I tweet too much. Comments, cares, concerns?”
We still have a few spots open for this summer's SAT Bootcamp! Program starts on July 6! Visit www.columbiaprep.com for more details :)
What do you think, draft Nail Yakupov or Trade for defense and/or a goalie? Also hope my Pens meet your devils in the ECF!
and So are and on the same page on water pricing/conservation?
Oregano oil! Help me kick this congestion.
Excited for Leni Zumas's reading tonight. If there's any justice, decency, & intelligence left in the world, The Listeners will be a big hit
Mine too...let's hope it is worth it...lol...glad to hear Scandal was picked up for Season 2.
You can't maximize the use of anything without proper instructions, why attempt to live this life without the word
I think when Lady #Terps win tonight we make Lady #BallSoHard Torrey edition Ts for the final four. What do you think?
you guys do awesome work
Most #RBNY fans seem to be in support of the trade, citing Agudelo's lack of PT & improved defense with Pearce.
Heading back down to office 2day2 help finish sorting #Emmy entries 2morrow we watch 2 make sure they play then ship for judging
Hahahahahahah carlos lee
Kinda weird to review the box score and not see Fielder's name there.
we love black moths. And you.
Followed,follow back please :)
That Awkward Moment When You're Watching Tv W/ Yourr Dad And A Condom Commercial Comes On. -____-
¤ No man is free who is not master of himself...
Getting ready for our new class July 6th...9 day, M-F from 9am to 4pm for $409!
Nina Simone's Don't Let Me Be Misunderstood is the best.
The pieces and $10 entry fee aren't needed until Wed afternoon at the latest.
we do need to pray in private, the scripture bits against public prayer r bout long make me look good prayers
Sounds like a fun place to work!
Yerr....wuts poppin i fucks wit ya one song ....hit me up fr colab i got big ass studio... www.myspace.com/mebruklin and tweekstud
thanks buddy! Yes, our meetup is overdue. You around this weekend?
thanks!! Well be Ragin tonight!
you just used them in the same sentence :P
hey how are you. Still trying to connect with you in regards to my producer Ric Rude. Give me a shout when you can pls
Valk: Activists understanding movements as separate even when we see them as overlapping. #ncph2012 #
#ThingsILookFor REAL People!!
Heart breaks and promises
At some point, I'm certain Nicki Minaj will recreate Killroy Was Here on stage.
I just want to go to a beach.
Just goes to show, don't be afraid of failure! Go for it! You miss 100% of the shots you don't take, so take a shot, go for it!
I'm really feelin' these eggs right now!!!
Don't let her google your doppelgänger, Dan.
Temple Grandin would be proud of that translation.
Man, fuck you.
well seriously I think it's incredible. Congratulations to you and you wonderful wife.
HAHAHAHAHA LMAO, magic fingers (if you know what I mean)
Automation session - after excellent practical demo, incisive discussion for how Sierra might be automated. I hope I hears him!
I actually have spider senses. I could be watching TV, reading a book, all of a sudden I'll look up at a specific part of the wall &ugh
Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi~ Truth never damages a cause that is just.
The silence left us hanging, while we lit up like the fourth of July.
this shit be so fucking gay i swear...
Starting off the morning with some live jazz! JIC's Residency Program artists are playing a concert right now for CPS students!
I'm on vacation, and it's about time!! At the beach with my family for a beautiful spring break :)
I just wanted to say. I enjoy your work and always have. Keep up the amazing work.
Until you hit the next winery. I give it a week, may be two. ;)
John Rich in Memphis today at ST Jude Performing "FOR THE KIDS" <U+266B> <U+266B> <U+266B> <U+266B> <U+266B> Buy song on iTunes and the proceeds fo 2 <U+266B> <U+266B> <U+266B>
Love it!
now you listen here, ima give you advice and your ganna like it dymmet !
No more Y.O.L.O. I use F.I.S.H. :Fuck it. Shit happens
Vanilla ice cream and cut up mangos <3
Please follow ! She is such a big Enchancer <3 PLEASE! She loves you! <U+E32C><U+E32D><U+E32A> 1
Perseverance is the hard work you do after you get tired of doing the hard work you already did.
#greatadvise NEVEr fly again ..they r a joke airline that loses bags and delays flights ..consistently bad
LOL either way - nothing wrong with that. Unless you like Chick-Fil-A
#np dead and gone, TI and JT. I feel like this song is crazy underrated
'Bout time, fatty!
This week's show live from Ft Myers. Yes, there is a buzz about the race down here. Sun 7-9 pm on 95.9 FM
A very BIG "Good Morning!" right back atcha!!!
Love when folks call themselves the best producer ..... I just find that funny
LOLOL. I DIED WHEN I RED UR TWEET.
Dinner, #Rays game, and family in beautiful, balmy St. Pete.
North Carolina voted to ban same sex marriage, but why would you want to live in North Carolina anyway?
And on the third day, he re-signed again... Book of Timmy 3:16
Other than "hangout" feature your left with, less. I like minimal/clean/streamlined but why use/switch? What's motivation?
The Lakers trying to do something, I see.
Falling asleep at this ceremony!!! am I missing anything?!?!
I want to get some black rims for my baby<3(:
Went to Nation's Burger tonight and had a giant cheeseburger...it was great!! Damn the calories...you have to have something to live for.
no problem!!
Eating breakfast with Yes, breakfast! Long night, late start!
I'll be in Chicago July 3- 10th!! that's some good news!! ;)
fans: practice your turnout while watching the show in frog pose (lie on tummy, knees out, soles of feet 2gether)
Rondo dislocated elbow, and said "its no big deal, just a little stiff". He is a beast tonight!! AMAZING!
i was so sad that vinny wasent there
It's alright, hey lawdy mama, it's alright
Wait first please follow They're having a benefit concert soon with upcomming artist to raise money for charity!
Brew Zoo, better than expected. I will be back! Thanks zoo, breweries, and sponsors & anyone else involved....
Happy 23rd Birthday, Live It Up Extra Hard Today and Don't Stop Doing What Your Doing! #TeamBreezy For LIFE<U+2665>!!!!!!
Wishing I could help my mother. I'll get her out of this slump one day
Hey it's Gary B on before at
ok no. Your picture should be of me and you.~
sure. Let's try to find time during lunch.
If you haven't entered our Twitter contest, you're missing out! Tag us with #luvuplatoscloset for a chance to win a $25 gift card! <3
glad to meet you as well. Keep em coming!
what up Brudda you know what it is I got a lot of work to do
ha. Way to find the silver lining! Love it...
And Death God Rest Her Soul
Turn them into the happy little kings of the undersea world as advertised! So disappointing that they're just brine shrimp.
#ylgbootcamp is my favorite workout
i love rap music why do you ask?
Who's helping out at Big Sunday Weekend this weekend? I'm about to get mine on! #BigSundayWeekend!
I disnt wanna be cliche, so i bought my mom a bag of flour for mothers dayy
220 music y'all.
You left your Hello Kitty backpack here, ass face. P.S. Nice record. RT Not as easy as it looks, huh ?
These shorts make it look like I have a bonahhh
RT : bout to have a heart attack
does MSET have an official twitter tag. I don't see much.
happy birthday eve to me :)
Runyon beat me down yet again. We meet again tomorrow stairs (aka my nemesis)
Hello Everyone! SolisEnergy would like to welcome Shawn Turner as the new Manager of Marketing and Development!
Lazy days!
Same wavelength. ;) lmao
I texted you.
I still think Britney should've performed Trip To Your Heart while wearing those wings in the FFT finale
what are y'all doing tonight?
What kind of drink specials do you have tonight for people looking to watch the #Brewers vs. #Mets game?
Gotta love March Madness. Let me hear your picks???
Tomorrow is 7months since ryan dunn died it does not seen like it has been that long he will be missed!!!:):(
Think about it. Obama is the most chill president we've had. He's attempted to fix what took Bush 8 years to destroy.
Thanks! Hope you're successful -- lemme know if they don't and we'll fix you up.
How do you even respond? "I am most passionate about music, movies, junk food like meatball sandwiches from wawa & certain kind of candies."
well sometimes Im busy
is cute i mean i would love to hug him all the time but with i would kiss them
thats awesome:) none of my friends use twitter lol:p so where u live?
No problem :) Local PR ladies, unite!
It's amazing how telling my story increases my blog traffic.
Excited to be donating LOVEPOPS for the Federal Club Holiday Party! Proud to be associated with such a great organization.
So nice of her to let me sleep in today.
thanks we appreciate the tweet!
Gregor Blanco is saving this team.
Back at pottery! Apparently, clay dries a lot faster in Atlanta than in London. Need to develop new strategies...
LMFAOO!!! WOW! THAT WAS AWESOME:)
vacation is good.
Mom, food sounds really good right now.
Rail Runner riders: What do you think of 1 to 2$ price hike for day passes and one way trips? Or 4 to 11 dollar hike for monthly passes?
team too tight>>>>>>>>>>>team meatball
they still turned out great! probably the best recipe i've made by far!
you wanted me to hit you back
ah ill figure it put i guess:P
let's go
I knew the Mets would struggle to draw fans, but shocked at how much trouble they are having selling out the opener. Citi is a great venue
"Of all the earthly music, that which reaches farthest into heaven is the beating of a truly loving heart." ~Henry Ward Beecher~
For sure Let me fly my g5 down to south America and get you some fresh natural coffee
Good morning! Have a blessed day!
thanks for the digits. Expect a text soon.
That's great to hear
You sure do attract some nutjobs Hal. Oh wait...;)
Now you fucked up, now you fucked up
OMG pretty little liars!!!!! #SHUTUP!
Attending AFM in Santa Monica this week!
oh yea kid
Coworker singing gospel in her office and I can hear the outta tune squealing over my radio... Not cool Lady, just not cool
You always have to plan for the future. Thanks for the great advice!
Who's joining us in the sunshine in Miami Beach at #GOA2012? 29 days until opening day! Mar. 1 - 3, 2012
dream (juelz santana) // & cameo (method man)
Per Plato “you can discover more about a person in an hour of play than in a year of conversation.” Ask us about a #LegoSeriousPlay demo.
what are you talking about???! your so pretty!!!!!!!
Amen RT Thinking of all the the men & women in the military who have lost their lives in the past 10 years... deck.ly/~veWz0
Experience is the teacher of all things ~ Julius Caesar
Lol I've been late every day this week Omg xD
I’m not perfect and don’t live to be. But before you start pointing fingers, make sure your hands are clean.
Your most welcome! I enjoyed reading it. Good luck on your path. Have a beautiful day!
So I realize I've been pretty single minded lately with this #1k1hr stuff. If you think my tweets are bad, you should see me in person.
Where's leap day William?
Listening to Pandora while doing research can be pretty great.
Finally February! Only 16 short days until the Clubhouse reopens and we can see all of our great members!
I feel u I'm bout to be all z's in a few
What's the role of luck in greatness? Ch 7 of Great by Choice book answers this Q. Jim Collins
homework sucks
thank you so much! You are awesome and helping us get closer to our goal! :-)
i did it in a minute.
Kickin' it old school today with Nine Inch Nails.
#FCdish hey guys.... all ready for some holiday ham????
Wonder if the Journal Sentinel will report on their own mass layoffs? They report on everyone elses.
For those in the general public interested in learning more about the clinic. We will be leading a tour tomorrow at 9:30am at
because I want to feel like a badass for 1 more day -- this at mile 55 into transition (cc )
ME is Me Don't judge Me DON'T CRUSE ME OR GET ME MAD CAUZE YOU WON"T LIKE IT
I want either chili cheese fries or deep fried pizza balls* *vegan, of course.
Prayer means opening my heart to God in conversations with Him that I would describe as real and loving.
yeah we are looking at it...I agree seems like a DST issue
It's Wednesday you know what that means, time to plan for the weekend! What's your plans? Where should we go???
Congrats on the next step. Let me know if you're in DC and want to talk Tech geek/wonkyness over beers
right lol? The moment of helping a sophomore with his hw -_-... Si proud of him, he did his work for the very first time!!!!
Hipster girls shake your ass
Seeing at work >>
Thursday's luncheon tasting to feature Scallops PLT. Count me in to taste and tweet. Join me- apply at www.TasteTweet.com
The Older i get the Wiser i get .Justsmellsogood www.justsmellsogood.wordpress.com
i mean, horrible shit happens there on the regular. couple years ago 17 yo kid was shot inside an all age club on a wed nite
Thank you.
RT : On the radio with Steve O'Brien this morning in Beckley
huge congratulations to Fernando Varela who won 2011 Latinos in Social Media #LATISM Award for Best Artist #socialmedia :)
Thanks for the follow, you had us at The Killers and new album! Have an awesome day!
that's really unfortunate to see. stay classy seattle.
whatever works for you is fine by me doll
The two-year-old woke me up at 5am which must have done something screwy to my sleep cycle because I'm a puddle this morning.
#nowplaying Alex Clare-Too Close getting some more packing done bluugh
I'm kidding lol..its ina song
Math fry's brain cells.
It is absolutely unbelievable how much better I feel when I work out in the mornings.
will always be
You're welcome!
why isn't Santos closing, he is the only consistent guy in the pen this year
of course it is unless you are running to the donut shop
where are you from?
funny Ass Hell
What is your favorite Infiniti Model? According to Google the Infinti G35 has the most searches....
Thanks Daniel!
Franklin gets the put-back dunk and the #Aztecs lead 51-34!
The way made me hustle down 3 steps and walking through the wrong door lol smh
Thankyou for the fine reporting :)
Come to where your senior portraits are all about you, not someone else. We work hard for you!
salad dressing
I see this.
This is great!
setting up a trend as a strong second half guy
I'm only $2 and I'm a sure thing.
Facebook is so boring
Yeah exactly! There just so perfect =)
4 weeks until the 30th Annual Ft Worth Home&Garden Market Jan. 29-31, 2010 Interested in exhibiting? www.thehomeandgardenmarket.com
Whoa. That Was Fast. O:
love your posts! Keep up the great work!
Get real.
but how would you transport him then? Ha
I think you should take that a sign to just back... away... slowly... from the comments.
& wouldn't know what to do & the next thing I know is i'll be arrested for sexual harassment. Lol jks.. I.. wont.. do.. that..
I accidentally bit my lip); Will you kiss it to make it feel better?(;
I feel ya, my man. Short term memories, ftw!
Vanessa Hudgens: Salon Stop with Mom!
I told her i dont want her a fan just because shes my wife.. shes asked for a year..
Actually I think he's smashing the breakfast table, which came out a few minutes later split in half.
Good for you!
So I've decided not to run for president today. Mostly because I forgot I was yesterday.
What a great #MononBell game! Way to go Wabash! And thanks to those of you who stopped at the Wabash vs DePauw chili throwdown.
RT : This pint of Guinness is not only delicious... Also contains 10% of your daily requirement of Guinness.
Thank you for sharing the story. We are extremely proud of Ella and Gary!
Isn't that refreshing?
my pretty pix cumn son!!!!!
Painter is horrible. I'm hoping Brantley shows potential so Painter is released before the season starts.
Cleaning Up About to Cook For My Mom ;-)
We still don't know their schedule though right?
GO sms. Now that you mention it maybe I'll go try and retrieve them w/ a different app. Not that my phone has memory to dl another.
My mom just killed her iphone
Just found out #SWV came out with an Album in April. I should listen to it. Might be good
following now, thanks guys for linking me up
I am. How did you know?
CutLoose has a blog page, to be used to keep in touch will all our great friends and clients...check us out at cutloosetx.blogspot.
13 seconds of action. Time for another commercial break.
my weave itch ... ima go pat it brb
why isn't Real Madrid going to be one of the teams to be In the #FIFA12 demo?
"Welcome to Good Burger. Home of the Good Burger. Can I take your order?"
Another awesome episode of #TheGoodWife It's the best show on TV
Awh I love you too
ned to skype with your auntie in #RVA she wants to see whats going on wichu so give a time/day that works, k?
- You're welcome. You are amazing - hope to make it to u r NYC show this month :)
definitely going to sleep early tonight!
If you look on any of our brochure template pages, there is a customize and print button that contains all our pricing options.
It's the #FirstDayofSpring What are you doing to celebrate?
Perkins is gonna throw soft ass Bynum all around the post. Ibaka is gonna shut that Gasol jumper DOWN. KD's speed & length will annoy Artest
Universe: 1 Me: 0. Traffic, rain, flat tire, heart burn. Try again tomorrow.
At this Wed's formal meeting, the Youth Council will vote on a resolution to encourage fed reps to preserve interest rate
Wait a minute wait a minute it feels bomb outside!
Wilshire Country Club fireworks are the preppiest fireworks
good luck! :) x
Someone wake me up at 7 so I can watch Iron Man kthanks
Anyone know a good DJ in the Lincoln Park area?
Thank you for donating a $50 gift card to our Auction for Action! We are sure it will be a hot item this Saturday!
I put on a smile, but on the inside I'm dying.
Although Punxsutawney Phil saw his shadow, Spring Field Trip Season is almost here!
hey whats up
Poetry is not an expression of the party line. It's that time of night, lying in bed, thinking what you really think...
on SVU! What a great surprise!
That's what I get for hittin them streets!
Cows Almost Impossible To Domesticate, DNA Reveals The common cow's early ancestors were large and nasty and only a small pool were domes
Good Afternoon to everyone
just to say congratulations on bringing out such a wonderful, honest and brave you tube explanation about those claims....
Relationship Aint for everybody
Image would make a great poster. via via
r u a grandpa?
Spongebob: Patrick, you're a genius! Patrick: Yeah i get called that a lot. Spongebob: What, a genius? Patrick: No, Patrick.
Officially a fulltime make-up artist. I've resigned from my safety net, day job and now have to make it or break it all on my own. Yikes!!
A quick way to tell that you're non-profit culture is OK: How often do people burst our laughing?
happy birthday to my best friend haylee! happy sweet 16 girl! i love u babycakes<3
Do any historians out there have any timeline software (Linux or Web-based) recommendations? I'm using SIMILE's Timeline now.
lol. Bout to hop on this plane and be in the town !!!!
life is 2 short 2 be wastin time hating someone
Im a hawks fan and was there today, but good season by bjennings and the bucks. they got a good future
what was that app called that puts the pics in frames?
seriously? Wow, why is Gladwell in town?
RT : At the #SFGiants vs #Rockies game, go
was he with an Asian girl? I heard thats my competition haha I have room for Blake Jimmy & the wanted guys <33
Not much. You?
I need you
: How about partnering up w/ to provide "Text-to-Pay" monthly Rent via text message?
haha but I dont really wanna go..
Im leaving twitter for a while. Bye.
Tiffany: "I've been alive for 26 years, and one of the smartest decisions I ever made was eating lunch today." Gosh I love my friends.
Final five who cashed were me, Michael Chow, Karina & Chip Jett, and David Plastik (winner).
Bagged the Colombian and Russian girls' number today at work !
Great game Guthrie, so glad to have you here.
AKA, the Abe Vigoda of the opera world?
here's his twitter account: you can get on his website and watch videos on there...(:
#ChildHoodMovies - "The Parent Trap"
yes they do. they could make a great song :)
I find it a pinnacle of whimsy that two of the top TTs are Beliebers and Directioners Are Flawless & #BeliebersAnd1DAreDumb, hehe.
Happy Hump Day! The weekend is almost here again!
im bored...
GM Boss Lady, congrats on all of your accomplishments thus far!
damn! This one is on fire too!
NICE PIC MY AND LYRIC IZ IS LUVVIN THAT
Enjoyed seeing Felicia Heaton out there today!
Let's go Bruins! Let's go Bruins!
Free Lunch Today. Last one of 2011
Nothing could be further from the truth.
My orientation went good. Hopefully start work next week.
I can't imagine doing that with the life you lead. it's impressive.
Be careful not to "watch television until your brain shut off.." that would be worse my friend.
At this point, I'm actually starting to think I need to take courses in statistics & finance instead of higher ed.
Try upgrading jquery/pikachoose to the newest version and see if that helps.
well I don't know I would have 2 check availability 2 find out
use i forgot my password an WWHO THE HELL IS THAT BITCH WITH LOGAN IM GONNA STAB THAT FUCKER
A new book review on "Stone in a Sling: A Soldier's Journey," can be found on "Goodreads."
lol u suck
You too, Justin! :)
RT : Stop into at 9pm to challenge during #trivia. $3 tall boys w/ a free shot!
Yes, a blog is planned. Stay tuned!
i want to sleep . i need to sleep . i love to sleep . why the hell can't i sleep .
Its going to be a good day after all...im kicking this days ass!
There's a lot of words that start with Q,W,E, and R in my paper..... Maybe i play too much league
Just fell more in love with He's NEVER chased someone who's turned down a deal to get them to take it!
I'm in the locks
you are moving?
That won't happen and it won't make sense too much Isolation lol
On Dad's plan till 26; thanks and
I've had enough.
Enlightened Warrior was the best course I've ever attended. What else did you sign up for?
Wow can't wait to release our next round of artists pumped
I need a coffee mug.
Let him who would be moved to convince others, be first moved to convince himself
My parents got in a fight while I was out. And my mom was gonna make me walk home. I live in fucking summerlin. |:.
Nothing is too big for your God- your creator! Place Him above your worries. :)
Wow Detroit Catcher Victor Martinez is expected to miss the entire 2012 season with an ACL injury. Tough luck.
I need more friends..
thanks! Great to see the vision come to life in it's final form. Turned out great!
Just male sure you bring your own cables, we don't currently have any.
Peter Konz won't disappoint the #Falcons. Matt Ryan will have a nice mindmeld with him on every snap.
Now to get some studying done! :>
"you guys fucking suck" thanks teach. Always like the encouragement
"adaptation" might not be precisely the right word.
Venus Williams upsets Kvitova at Key Biscayne
How do you change, grow, develop while staying true to yourself?
Harry Thomas sentenced to 38 months in prison. Free until he voluntarily surrenders.
Happy New Year!!!
Make a living by what you get; Make a lifetime by what you give.
On a more normal note...I'm on SUMMER BREAK! (minus my summer courses in Uni) lol
I wish you good luck
Anyone know where I can get a Head Porter bag–without flying to Japan? Looks like the NY store closed down ages ago.
Hey #Sweet girl.. can you give me Shoot Out Please.. I already Foll you..
Yeah...she was like that person that would stay up until 4:30 and sleep until 3...and I am the exact opposite.
Ok sorry!! Guess there was a little twitter delay!! RT : yay i won
Put that 40 in the freezer cause I wanna get bent.
Looks like Ron Artest has a future in the WWE.
I think you meant that you were sitting behind JOHN (me) and Stephanie. :)
Still thinking about this hotel thing for this weekend, I could make reservations for Sat - Mon then cancel them on Friday if I needed to hm
And for smartphones and the iPad. :)
“: I wish we had something like here in the #TwinCities." // The Uni hears you, we have Midwestern roots, a visit?
lol but the expression Indian giver is not actually about Indians from India! It's about natives. Hope you didn't take it wrong..
RT : Have I mentioned how awesome the #GraphicNovel stuff is going to be at #ala12 annual?
.... Why am I still awake?
: Bulls game is important because it's the the Heat. If this was against a less hated opponent, not such a big deal.
I hope somebody brings me kola he's to school though. I told my mommy & my bestfriend. :)
If you would like to receive our #email #newsletter, send an email to with subject line 'Newsletter'!
Well at least we all know she was cold \(-.-)/
can I be antisocial and hang out in the kitchen???
WHATEVER . You know you TICKED me off right . & ilyoo2
Already have one printed off to put in my Fish Bowl here in the Oval Office!
we'll talk about it tomorrow !!!
Fact of the day: Red Sox outfielder Daniel Nava left a ticket for Erin Andrews at will call for three years while he was in the minors.
Today I learned that when a stranger shows up at my door and accuses me of random crazy shit, I get shrill, then cry. Corey stayed calm.
Happy Birthday!
Semester done!!!!
Welcome to our newest teams: Butler University Black Student Union, FCCBG Cares, Just Us and TeamCook. We're up to 53 teams!
thank you, good series
would love to get a hillsong ticket! Lol make them fall like mana!!!
Lmao, yo that lady went in her pocket quick to take a pic of CP3.
#WeWantJusticeForTrayvonMartin Right Now!!!!
I hate the fact we arent close friends like we were before.
what up 5-day weekend
#DontWifeThatChickIf if she's an
because you aren't a BONER
When I agree with someone, it's for 1 of 2 reasons... Either I do agree with them, or I agreed so they can shut up.
answer my text message boy!
Hey, you! What's cooking? Thx for the follow.
Keep tweeting us your fav fads from the 80's... thanks for listening to Luckee's Hangin Tough tour show! Tomorrow DJAK does Magic Summer!
he's getting up there! He can't help it!
"It’s not what you look at that matters, it’s what you see." ~Henry David Thoreau
I absolutely hate animal print prom dresses
congrats today is #Stronger 14th day at
Definite shock value!
never claimed to know you. But class it up dude.
...awesome...look forward to it!!
Make sure u LIKE me on #facebook im a #makeupartist and we have some contests! ====> www.facebook.com/mindmystifyingdesigns. Pls RT
Prediction for #TNF: Chargers over Raiders
When browsing the top rented movies on the Xbox 360, you'll quickly notice Xbox 360 users watch a lot of terrible movies.
Just ate a chicken burrito i bought at the carts inside food for thought. Fuck them
Watch tonight: RT : Tonight! "Around the Corner" with John #McGivern features and 7:30 p.m. Channel 10
The Grassroots Conf was an awesome- learned a lot & neat meeting AIA members and staff from around the globe!
A wearable bouquet of flowers - our new costume rentals
as in| it just goes ta show ya
That could have been the worst 4 on 1 fastbreak in the history of the NBA
Also now tapped: River Town Lager, Crispin Cider, and Great Divide Hibernation Ale! Get extra points when you get beer w/ food!
NEW FRESH SOUP! Southwestern Pulled Pork Chili! And we still have the Veggie Scrambler on special! Don't be a fool. Eat these now.
I wanted to volunter at some funeral homes, but imma procrastinator :\
I officially loathe all forms of the word snark.
Finalizing all details for GB Magazine’s new ad in Fashion Valley Mall. Be on the lookout starting in April.
your a daddy?? CONGRATS
It's dinosaur sized! Wow
Ok that's the one goal for #Chelsea Let's Go Red Devils
LIFE IS GREAT OUR LIFE IS NOT A MOVIE IS A REALITY I DON'T DREAM I DAY DREAM BECAUSE MY LIFE IS MY DREAM IF YOU LOVE LIFE RETWEET
Could Today Finally Be The Day you Notice me? or is it always gonna be a dream. follow me<3 11
Random wake up
Whata a birthday with my princess at the hospital stupid rodavirus
Dirty South on now
I'm a lesbian
Perspectives IIT Math-Science School. Problem how to infuse arts in the school.
Some schools like MIT and Johns Hopkins even offer Openware classes for anyone to take for free.
My digital point name is trance92071 and by no means have I ever made posts to just bump a thread. And I received infractions
Dear 2012 gm's doing draft see M Williams this draft is full of them ok players but no superstars or players to uplift a team
umm she flipped big time... I'm like grounded from my car my motorcycle my laptop my ipad for like a month:/
OMG! Done with the Hunger Games trilogy. SO EMOTIONAL!!!!!!!!!
hahaha I know. I love it too skate:D höhhö
In the past few days the only things I watched we're the vow, the new twilight, and now the bachelor
goin to the fox and hound after my polisci test today!
GO AND FOLLOW THIS GIRL<3 SHES SO BEAUTIFUL!!!!! AND SHE FOLLOWS BACK!! PLEASSSEE!!!<3
where are you? Let's go see The Avengers!
A simple plot, but I know one day good things are coming our way.
One of the best #ideas I heard was from #ElaineLeibsohn In order to build relationships in your community- let go of your 'EGO'
I totally dig the armored polar bears!!!!! Especially if there's jaw detachment involved.
STOP LYING!
Thank you !
Will Prez Obama Mention the High Black Unemployment or 99ers in his Job Speech? My Guess is No! Will He Compromise with a No Job GOP? Yes!!
So, #wishfulthinking worked! It was actually really lovely outside during what ended up being a 5-mi run. Temps dropped like 10 degrees.
My best relationship advice: Make sure you're the crazy one.
That's not so bad after all lol.
NFC Championship game decided by the new OT rules...
Spam this morning from a "Michael Winslow". Brief elation tempered by a visit to the real Michael Winslow's web site, which is a disaster.
good morning missy!.. Have a great day too!
u I'm just saying ctfu
College Art Association attendance this year: about 4,500 people, same as last year in Big D. Lots of artists & good artist-led sessions.
Half my bottle of Wild Devil foamed itself all over the counter when I popped the cork- wasn't prepared for that!
what are you doing in FW? Which bars in downtown have you hit?
#FF to new followers for putting us over the 3K mark last night. Thanks for making our day!
Wow Oregon is trending. Lets go timbers!
I get off at 730. Text you then.
The more the right dislikes Ms. Obama, the more I love her.
You could be a thousand miles away and I'll still see you when I close my eyes. <3
Why is a group of mostly appointees, many w/ no stake in higher ed, given power to make decisions for us?
Watching #MadMen backwards is crazy fun
[The Most High] God is big enough to care for the smallest needs. - words from My Aunt Sharon - have a blessed day yall!!
Don't get me wrong, though: Lemieux is a hot, hot slice of ass. That 'stache weakens my knees.
RT is the perfect place to study for my finals! Thanks! Good Luck on your Finals
happy happy happy with a side of a few crazies and some tea
I enjoy following you since our presentation together 2 years ago. Sad to see you de-follow.
We have Steak Fajitas for lunch! yum!
With video shoot
Getting un-stuck is a great feeling.
Tonight, start off with a seasonal fritatta – with squash blossom, chanterelle mushrooms, sage and pecorino-romano
no, I'm on my own now.. #ff connected_by
I miss my buddies in Hopefully Blake and Aaron come see me soon :)
are you rockin any dwarfs?
Highly upset
with no phone iight :)
Stomach feels like Ive been shot several times.
#NP Man With Robot Hands- I can't name you <3
Enjoy this year. Enjoy EVERY single day. Enjoy being YOU. These are your moments!! Here's to a joyful, blessed 2012!
yay u changed it. Took my advice
It's Wing Night @ TK! Enjoy 25 cent wings while you cheer on the Aztecs! Lakers @ Cleveland at 4:30 and SDSU vs New Mexico at 7:30!
TA block is really boring when your TA partner falls asleep <<<<
lets go watch the ultra movie on thrusday with the crew!!!
Got my tea order from ...Super fast shipping! Which one should I try first? Sweet Matcha? Wild Black Berry? Plum Berry? Options.
pleasure all mine. Socialite and cool, it's how I role. Channeling of course.
This year went by so fast!
At NPR watching All Things Considered hosts prep for air time in 12-minutes.
ha is anyone, really?
Just saw a guy's shirt that said "talk nerdy to me". Only at IUPUI .
The world seems more complex every day, and though I can't simplify society, I can simplify my own life.
is drafting anti-additional legislation which adversely effects motor carriers.
tell her I will take her Sunday shift
Happy World Malbec Day! Enjoy tasting all different styles of Malbec's for only $12.
If liquor and beer where on sale on black friday my life would be complete for month
You never know...you might even see a Chili Chick or two at tonight supporting our friends !
Can I have one? Please (;
good mix homie
are we?
How would she feel if she knew I wasn't sleep right now??? Lol... who gives a fuck man...
What best and worst traits did you get from your mother? Despite my vow to be different, I see her in the mirror each morning.How about you?
West up
wait... First you'll LOVE each other THEN you'll live each other. Please excuse the typo.
Casey Anthony making video blogs as a blond wearing glasses. So much for disguising herself from the public! 15-minutes wasn't long enough.
luv ur website too! Great advice
and vetoed my hashtag suggestion #WildWestAssFuck no #WildWestAsFuck yes
As Judge Walker stated, #Prop8 "harms the state's interest in equality because it mandates that men and women be treated differently."
Listen to the man!
I know, thanks!! much appreciated :)
We are a full service law firm in the heart of downtown San Diego. If you have a criminal or civil matter, protect your rights! Call us!
My Morning Jacket performing now. Are they like some corporate-packaged version of an indie band?
sitting next to While shes working hehe
"Thou art God, and I am God and all that groks is God." Robert Heinlein, Stranger in a Strange Land
Sixth Suggestion, Pick an evening or rainy Saturday afternoon where you can spend two hours together watching a movie or cuddling together.
August 1st my automated fox sports fantasy football draft is
Every single car around 2/3 of Lake Calhoun just got ticketed. That's why I take my windshield wipers with me.
And that's not just because Kerry Washington LOOKS hot, right?
The more vital your research, the less people will understand it.
I like "facilitators" -- that's so true. On so many levels.
When are you coming down for one??
we still good for tomm around 1?
Are you traveling again? If so, be safe :)
Like 10 hours a month. If that.
Come where ?
Tough times never last...but tough people do!!!!!
Whitechapel is the most stressful show on tv! Why do I even watch it?
awesome way to start the week! Can't wait to hear you speak!!
Wishing everyone a happy and healthy 2011. Hit it longer!
Saul Alinsky, B.O.s mentor dedicated his book to Lucifer?
Are u referring to sloppy seconds?!?! ... Better get used to it ": That awkward moment when you always get the left overs <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>"
eww.. school tomorrow. :(
If I were them, I'd watch my back for the next decade or so.
Let's do it.
More info coming soon! Radio shows will be uploaded to YouTube for your entertainment.
Best player in the game! :) #Clutch ": Kobe still sucked :)"
I never understood girls who put a bunch of lovey dovey pics on instagram of a dude who doesn't claim them <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
#newgirl is my new fave show
Too bad we are in Seattle just for 1 day, I love the city too, but this is the live of touring musicians
Thanks for the support. Tell Gina that she's out of the top ten if she doesn't read it too. lol
I freaking love breakfast
Happy Saturday brunchers! Wow what a beautiful day! This calls for some alfresco brunching!
someone is eating something with so much curry, my eyes are watering 4 offices away.
Mutual! Hope to reconnect again! You were a huge blessing!
RT I want to be your favorite hello and your hardest goodbye.
Whenever a weird guy starts checking me out I instantly start picking my nose till he looks away.
Renting a car for the first time ever, any promo codes or deals I should know of prior to booking?
a tempest in a teapot
i love it!!!! thank you!
chunks of cat vomit lodged in corrugated cardboard
And by surprisingly sentimental, weight-lifting students! ;)
“Dude, why didn’t you tell me I got fat?" "It’s not my job to tell you you’re fat. It’s my job to tell you you’re beautiful.”
Strong Black Men Is What The World Needs. Im Glad To One Of Them.
Don't waste your love on someone who isn't worth it
It's a good game! LET'S GO AZTECS!! <U+26BE><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Is obama's Silent Speech so much Impressive? I feel less sympathy for Obama's eloquent Silence than US citizen
Forcing people to pay attention. Group Leader Interview
I texted you -_-
A’s open the 2012 Major League Baseball season tomorrow in Japan
I see you, there on the horizon, longing, a look of anticipation on your face. I hope we can meet and travel and seek together my friend.
got it, thanks! Good call on being John malc, been a while since I've seen it.
Thanks Joyce! I appreciate it. Btw, thanks for posting the blog. Let me know if I can return the favor?
That's very helpful. He's in UT, any suggestions on how I get it there?
Toss me a cigarette
Heads down thumbs up now you're WORKING LIKE A BOSS ON A WEBSITE DUE TO A CLIENT.
Let's go... Show Brandon Jennings some love and make him an all star
Thanks for the follow! Check us out Thursday, March 22 at Plush. Girl-loaded lineup with #LangenNeubacher, &SuzieCue
if you'd only try turning around.
987 members on AAUW: American Association of University Women Facebook group. Going for 1000.
Results are declining in importance at a time when resources are more scarce. There is another path: scaling what works-
SWEET Tweet!
Fucking annoying... And childish.
Do you manage your own rental property? Want to simplify the rental process? Here's how...4rentsigns.com
FML. I forgot all about my interior design final. Looks like no sleep for me..
It needs to happen!
Getting braces the first week of August...
“: Probably the (non-Chinese) person who has murdered the most dogs ever is Sarah McLachlan.” you'd agree!
even Rio should retire.had enough of this bullcrap now.and you go study!!
I keep trying to explain everything that is going to happen to Wiki. I'm not sure that helps :P
miss you too! always a willing guinea pig. ninja chaitinis?
Finally ate at ! The garlic fried rice was bomb.
reading about anticipatory systems
I LOVE THAT SONG!
All in all it’s been an amazing week so far
Are you serious ? youre Pathetic.
Watching MVF...god I love so much!!! He's awesomesauce.
I am diggin' it so far!
And now I'm left behind, all the time. I will wait forever, always looking straight. Thinking, counting, all the hours you wait.
I'm starting to get worried, but
Flood insurance? We check all the top-rated companies to find the right plan and price for you. Don't sign anything till you call 4M.
Where'd you see that at though lol, don't see it on the Jet life website. you gonna give me the rolling tray?! lmao
I am so hungry
May you encounter the Glory of our great God just enough to be terrified by the strength, power, and holiness of our Lord.
It's hot outside man, need to hit up the pool
Act Naturally's own Rob Roy Fitzgerald will be on Thurs. Nov 3rd @ 10pm. Peter Berg is the shit! But his shows never stink!
I hope you start feeling better! Xoxoxo I love you!!! Here's a question if you get a tv show will you stop making YouTube vids
If one tries to navigate unknown waters one runs the risk of shipwreck.
"Soon we may live in a world where the only people opposed to gay marriage will be gay people who are married." -Craig Ferguson 5/9/12
#ipdc is turning out better than I woulda thought yesterday.
Happy Birthday Kenny!!!! have a blessed day!!!
Our social media seems to be working for us. Live jobs / job board is loaded. I guess it could be my charm...
If this bitch don't stop rocking my chair.....
I love LA but I'd rather move him over Batum. Batum has 'killer instinct' LA lacks. LA for Rondo?
hey now.!
Thanks for the FF!
iknowww right !? Lmfao. Idgaf about NOBODY relationship except my damn own. &it aint w him ha
Tonight we started filming on first ghost horror!
Since Dr. Mok first developed & copyrighted CST, there have been many attempts to "copycat" his work
After last nights concert I am officially a fan!
Oh dear God..... Spartacus is over... </3
I love France! I speak it, and worked at a French cafe. How did you know?
Happy two year of not cutting and not being 'there', to me! Two years clean and many more to come
Kavatica plays their reunion show May 28 w/ Parallels and 9 more! Who are you going to see tomorrow at MusicFest?
Do right. Do your best.
i feel like im losing trust for by him not telling us about him and selena, he would get more respect if he just came clean
iain says hi :) and that millennium is much better than west view
You may feel like you're running in place, Virgo. Stay strong, you will soon see evidence of your progress.
I thought Zetterberg imbelished a bit. Webber is gonna pay though.
Develop success from failures. Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success.
Some people walk into your life and make it good, some walk out and make it even better.
Congrats! And this weekend you'll get to run a wicked fast marathon :)
lol..i wish
Ah guys best thing ever just went down! This guy said "you sing likea angel" awww so happy! Haha
Freddy v.s. Jason is one of my favorite Movies. Lol
Why is Yahoo news portraying Neverland Ranch as such a normal place?
Woke up really early (for me, anyway) and had a fitness evaluation. It's gonna be a bumpy road, but will get less bumpy the further I go.
I hate the animal rescue commercials... they r to sad!!:,(
when u follow me, I follow back (:
You were better than the judges' scores #TeamDrivingMissPeta!
Our representatives salaries should run short a lot sooner. C'mon CNN, do some research. Report the facts regarding the money.
One big Spanish family, full of shit-talking bitches.
They are opening an additional location in Carmel
First day alone on the streets. Route 31. All day. MKE MCTS.
SORRY, but NO!! I am not running for President "this" election!!
Train your Brain. Get your alpha (waves) on. Associative state of your brain.
Yes lady I am sitting in the floor. Get over it!!!
nope i was just wondering
Read some tweets about how Greyson is gay because of the way he moves his hands…???
HAPPY BIRTHDAY <3 i love you xo
Send them to me!!!
RT discussions and thinking on SOA for pure client technology - still split opinion on that. To cloud or not to cloud... (via )
I bet it would too!
I don't have 2011-2012 entered yet. RT : yes, I already have the 2012-13 school calendar entered into my phone.
Kinkos is copying and binding my dissertation as we speak!
I always forget about the time difference, Saturday! <3 Sleep well.
Looking forward to meeting w/ the team at in just a bit!
Choreographing 'Up All Night' for concert 1 week earlier
yeah it blows when you dont have a phone
A band & food in spaights
Always Smile Bro! Follow Me! #BelieberBoy 76
haha there's a nice place with 2 dollar stores right across the street from each other..
Attitude is like your underwear; you must wear it, but never show it.
I can't lie - I was hurt when you unfollowed me, ... but I always knew we'd somehow find our way back to one another.
“A friend is someone who understands your past, believes in your future, and accepts you just the way you are.”
He obviously doesn't like *school* much either. RT #CantWait till winter break....i hate skool...
Dad, we should get chick-fil-a
sweet dreams
RT : Leaders keep their eyes on the horizon, not just on the bottom line. - Warren Bennis
Time to grind!! Catch the crew from LoCote Street chillin at the spot puttin in work today! if u got that loud, hola at cha boys!
“All great changes are preceded by chaos.” -Deepak Chopra
A lead?
congrats! 2 tickets for at in your name in will call for tomorrow. Enjoy!
I bet she's really friendly to you!
jb at ohio state. Team is in final four and they play fairfield.
hahha lol um that jordan guy u guys met on sunday! lolz
You Can Smell It A Mile Away!
Fat people are not allowed to be mean . Period
Happy birthday too hope you have an awesome day ;)
<U+200E>"Impossible" is just an opinion.- Paulo Coelho
I will check them out
k. i have class at 6. Ill shoot u a txt.
Turns out you can fashion a garbage bag into a pretty good parka while pumping grey water
i'm 80% sure the current pbcore.org metadata dict was built by hand (though i'm working on a v2 and looking myself)
Chillin in Mississippi and back to Atlanta 2morrow
I'll be home next month, tell Mrs. Gutierrez to wear that pink thing for me. She'll know exactly what I'm talking about ;-) .
#IConfess I'm secretly overly obsessed with Zayn malik. :$
Practicing piano while listening to music that has nothing to do with what I'm practicing. =P
Baseball game would be great. Thanks, Campbell.
Hope hope hope
; if you have a prob with me, please write it nicely on a piece of paper, place it in a envelop, fold it up & shove it up your ass. :)))
She ain't doing shit if she ain't making u smile she can't do shit to make u not frown but who had yo back in your rain not her me
I don't remember you being this critical of crazy shit Obama said before election in fact you blamed the people around him
I can't eat scrambled eggs without ketchup.
When in doubt, both! ;-p
Does your child need help with CONFIDENCE??? Sign them up for yat at www.yatkids.org today
Next time: sunscreen.
Hmm, Marchtweetness is for basketball fans.. let me state now I will NEVER have Marchtweetness. EVER. Hockey tweets for sure though!
THIS EXACTLY! RT : can't believe that tomorrow i am done with freshman year...thank the FACKING lord I'm at a 5 year school
Just saw a Cadillac with "Head Turna'" written on the side in extremely large, comic-sans, bright pink letters. Classy!
Mich Daniels says that half of all people under 30 did not go to work today. Is he including children?
I would love to unfortunately I'm working! Boo. But I might stop by to raid your costume closets if that's cool? :) I MISS U!
Also, listening to creepy music while it's raining is so perfect for this.
she follows me
Taxis cost less than limos faster than shuttles. Check out Bing Maps taxi fare calculator. TService improving taxis.
How about 'Defenders of the *Human* Experience'?
My fuckin eyes burn
yeah it definitely has, its interesting
That's chill haha wasn't kito supposed to take my sis today ?(x
i really hope someone asks how jerry is.
In 1992, orchestra leader Lawrence Welk died in Santa Monica, Calif., at age 89.
Ya know. To be honest. I wouldn't trust somebody I thought was whore either.
I was like "How does he know my name?"
Today's my birthday and it's been sucky. RT?
It is wonderful seeing people up here in Pittsburgh, but I am so very ready to go home
Lunch time Brio
Just stumbled across a TV show called "Ball Boys" which is an identical replica of #PawnStars but w/ sports memorabilia. Know of this?
My co-workers are excitedly talking about how unexciting the iPhone 4S is, so I guess Apple got the exposure they were looking for. Touche.
Have a Blessed Birthday Pastor Prince
Wondering how to make your staff more productive? Give them Reel Simple Life & watch their focus soar & stress evaporate...
Listening live to #ewnconf on AZTV. She's sharing great insights into what it takes to be successful.
says it well at #Norway / side event at #CPD45: We have nurture our young ppl to help them make right decisions.
thanks for the shout out Joel. looking forward to what's ahead!
thanks man!
its just physically impossible to have another me in the world, have you ever wondered how much chaos there would be? I do!
J HUD DID THAT BUT I THOUGHT A TRIBUTE IS A NUMBER OF SONGS!!!!!!!!!!!!
Thanks! You're up late aren't you? Finland?
Congratulations on the epic win!! You all deserved it!! Good luck against France!!
I bet soo
SMH... wrong response!
HA! if you have a "strong, restless desire" also known as a "hankering" to come to Denver Feb 10-12...come say HI!
Help! Taking daughter & 4 of her 19 yr old friends out for dinner tonight. Suggestions on fun/interesting places in Raleigh?
Shout out to for being a great mom to the best thing thats ever happened to me NYLA! Happy mothers day!
DOC SHORTS 1 is pretty damn solid. Not really a weak link - standouts for me are: IT AIN'T OVER and MINOR/MAJOR
did you still finish them?
YOU ALREADY KNOW BRO,BRING THE DRUMS OUT.
We just got notice that we have our permits to climb Half Dome in August! See you soon !
Being held hostage at Swope Auto. Why does it take all day to buy a used car?
what do you recommend??
So for that short film - We need a cool eclectic & ethereal bedroom & bathroom in OKC to set. Anyone know of a place?? Please RT!
Slowly I'm deleting everyone from Facebook I no longer need to have contact with
cundiff is active. Start him.
Mike Caputo had arguably the hardest hit I've seen this spring. Met Melvin Gordon in the hole and body slammed him to the turf.
I hate when people tell you things at the last minute. Its like so you couldn't tell me sooner???
We said it b4.... Models Artists Producers Photographers WHOEVER!!!! HOLLA AT US!!!!! #WENETWORK!!!!
Done with high school and now doing graduation practice today :)
We can't go on taco neck safari without you! RT : Seems like there's a lot of people with Taco Neck Syndrome today.
#AtABlackChurch they will offer you chicken before you leave.
my bad gotcha lol
my future is my present, my present is my past. My presence is a present kiss my.
#3WordsForYou Like Me Too?
Happy First Day of Spring!
I'm starting to feel really old. These young whipper snappers can't sing & they're loud & they're almost naked. Where's Buck Owens?
Rickety Henderson ladies and gentlemen!
No more #ABCScandal and no #BFV (heavy sigh) TV is real bunk right now. I miss &
I just check when the treasury is going to open & a little before I start waiting for it...sometimes it takes a while! :-)
Let's commit the perfect crime: I'll steal you're heart, and you'll steal mine.
Well it's also raining and Yankees fans usually wouldn't drive down here for a shorter series than normal.
“: RIGHT NOW, Rex Ryan's ass is itchy.” I bet it's always itchy. Bi don't trust his hygiene.
#ff Cool #Milwaukee Peeps
seriously though.
My new MacBook is hard 2 use -_-
yes. Worse than CCS drama
We're tapping & to explore: How to make online primary sources *work* for teachers & students?
Yeah, that's how we're taking it. We've lost a few in the last four years, but they all lived long, with great times.
I know! But iPhoto is so easy for basic edits.
Whitney Houston, your one of the greatest! May you rest in peace
thanks for the RT andrew!
#np thinking about you - frank ocean <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
Post-tornado customer service final assessment: = phenomenal home mortgage = abysmal. So glad our house is back in order!
Were I not just meeting with constituents, something Smith does poorly, I would have gladly called your show.
GOD NIGHT(:
Oh well yea theu don't really sing the same songs
babe Ruth
Seems like it, I can't find any reports otherwise :)
Perhaps the world's second worst crime is boredom. The first is being a bore. ~ Sir Cecil Beaton
Oh these damn laker fans were not talkin all this shit the other day....shut that shit up
why did you?
It's 57°F out and I'm driving around in my MINI.
when is this going down?
better than sunlight?
wys i been thinking that about a few of mine
Remember me?I miss my followers!
Best of luck to you!
Thanking God my wife and son are safe, after learning the minivan they were driving in caught fire and was destroyed.
Coaches can benefit from having a closing strategy to use with their students.
so stoked!
I guess I did grow up and moved on if I just shrug off when I see #OOMF talking to other girls sexually lmao I din gives no fucks
With a strong fist to save the world lost in the woods of the blood shot angel eyes~
I'm back in Chicago training advisors for Wealth Financial Group. What you don't know about Medicaid spend down can ruin your legacy...
you got the juice! Haha might just have to do that
Cinco De Mayo dance!!!
Saturday means Art + Design Night in the Design District. You DO plan on being there, right?
he'll probably duck n dodge...get a decision...while boring fight fans to death.
you should tweet =)
if you are your business, you are your brand.
I also like the idea of Alex Kingston in the role of Rebekah Brook
one should be fine. Dogs are allowed pain reliever. It's the whole bottle if he swallowed then get worried.
if you truly reach spiritual wellness, love can't be lost.
"Don't blame the boss. He has enough problems." Donald Rumsfeld
Did you know when I first heard "YTF" I thought it ment yay the f***.
Haven't been on in forever.
Add an exclamation point to an email --BOOM I'm a morning person.
Noah shoots like a 2nd grader
Task management -- have moved from Things to RTM to a simple "To Do" gdoc featured alone in the sidebar of the gmail web interface.
We are one hour away from today's #awcchat about editorial calendars for online content, w/ - anyone can join us!
first row of 2nd balcony!! Where u at?
Josh you just sang bro mo money mo money... there was not enough pauses in between the words and the words were too long!
why happy dance?! Good news, I hope!
u should come 2 new york
Make sure you look out for our next email, you DEFINITELY do not want to miss it.
I am the most selfish person that I know. That's my chair, that's my title. Mine, mine, mine! Don't like it then get your own. This is mine.
Cool! hit 3M followers! I'll settle for 1K! Do it for me & :-)
#TwitterBio Price born Feb. 23 1723, in vale of Glamorgan, Wales. Preached, wrote influential pamphlets, met with Founders, died 1791.
Hello World. Le Club Sports Club Now has a Twitter Account!
already marked it with pen and paper :D
Hey maybe they are ib need of a taxi...call #1800taxicab :-)!!!!!!
the sprays aren't awful if you do them correctly. I do them all the time :)
Liam and Miley. So cute.
Good Morning! Here with my love!
He says I'm smarter than Magnum P.I.
Sometimes it's funny whom you run into when you're out to lunch in Manassas, maybe some members.
Seems that a lot of #Indians fans forget that it's a 162-game season.
this used to happen to me al the time!
Q: What's the difference between love, true love, and showing off? A: Spit, swallow, and gargle.
It's time to rock East Memphis! Who's coming out to Dan McGuinness tonight? We crank up at 9:30 - see you there!
what??? wait when will it be out in texas?
you seem to always burn up cookies. What's really good... Not baking...lol
True story RT : Wizard of Oz is so unbelievable... nobody is that eager to go to Kansas.
When I grow up I wanna be just like
I FINALLY MADE IT HOME YAYYY!!! 16 HOUR DRIVE SMH...
LOL! they .... are not that. basically you have to get a character to perform various tasks in a row under a timer.
Do you ride ? And yes those are my spiffy wheels. Love that bike. The frame, the wheels, everything!
John Madden retires, what does this mean for the Madden football franchise?
Grizzlies need a miracle..
back. Girlfriend
Gansevoort Meatpacking NYC, Gansevoort Hotel flagship property, is set to unveil its guest room and corridor refurbishment next month.
Happy National Kiss Day! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
thank u for the follow boo!
um YEA we should go for lunch one day
Experienced the worst smell ever on the train today. Homeless people should not be allowed on the train. My stomach hurts. :-x
hello there
Conference tourney games on now, stop by for lunch!
Refs are called 2 bad calls don't want to see nuggets win.
I hope he left my check. I got laundry to do tmm
bored any one want to talk;0
We are getting ready for our Think Big Baltimore event this evening! Our topic: Where are the Innovation & Idea Houses!
Welcome to "post racial" America. Meanwhile Negroes just keep playing on their X-Boxes.
that sucks lol what was the fight about
yet he won't show us his abbs
TWITTER. TWEETER. TWATTER.
do you ever do fan meetup things at the mall or something? cause i live in austin & if my friend met you she would die [:
This customer is straight up telling me how to do my job.
Who's better wayne or common
no, but it does have to do with mcd's draft picks
Hello! This is my event planning company's twitter account...follow me on my new venture!
hm... I say that expires when you're over 30 married with kids.
I hope y'all enjoyed...sorry I missed y'all
save the last dance son
indeed! our pleasure!
thank you for following!
we are going to turn this area of South Carolina into a Corridor of Innovation. #newtechnetwork, #kw,
#WhootWhoot pull over that ass too fat..lmao
#Tebow & the Broncos did it again! Too bad that according to Timmy & his religion you're going 2 hell unless you believe exactly as they do.
11:11 HAS BEEN ON REPLAY ALL DAY LONG!!!!<3
And then my parents say why im a bad child pshhhh im like the nicest one :D
RIGHT?! like him being all shy is just a cover up. in bed he's a nasty freak!
what if one day, you wake up as a baby and all of this was just a dream?:O
is anybody else stoked for Skyrim tomorrow?!
What restaurant?
Great weather for a jog down East Ave.
Fireworks still a fire threat despite wet fall - KOLD-TV Fireworks still a fire threat despite wet fall KOLD-TV AP Entertainment News Vid
not sure how this got by us but just saw it now. Thx for an incredible shout-out! Hope you're having a wonderful day!
where was that @
We're about to debut the official #TandD drinking song, composed by Nathan Lansing of Spokane Falls CC.
awesome day for a run, #makeitcount!
Was anyone else exceptionally #sleepy today? For once, I thought I got enough
Good Luck Tonight Ryno!
RT": I just want this semester to end."
Social Media is for everyone so get ready for it or jump out of the way!
Birthday greetings from School friends!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Photo Contest: WIN 5 nights in #NYC See our Facebook page to enter and for complete details on.fb.me/u6SrRw
I thought that was a joke. That is insane.
Can't sleep too stressed for finals cuz i can't study mehhh, last day of school tomorrow YEA BITCHEZ
just started a workout?
Proud of ya Black Man !!!! There is Nothing like a Loving Father in the Life of a Young Black Man ..
Kay! it's kinda a question thoo! :p
#WhatILoveTheMost being with my family :)
- did you get em?
for competing project called Foundry Row. Kimco wants grocery anchor, but Wegmans has signed letter of intent to open at Foundry Row ... 2/3
you're gonna regret not caring
HAVE FAITH, NEVER LOSE HOPE & LOVE EVERYONE!!<U+2606>
Miss the last five shots like theres a kid on the basket. Nice block out just now.
I don't doubt it but unless you can find me an extra 3 hrs in day or extra day in week it ain't gonna be!
oldie! Thanks. Can't wait for my new song "Anywhere" to release. Its fun! Very soon
"The AnaJet is the most valuable business resource we have EVER purchased." Scott P., Peloquin Promo
I just received a 2012 subscription to from poet/publisher James Copeland. Best. Gift. Ever.
Why are all of the attractive women over the age of 25 who love the outdoors already married?
you playin in college?
Has Anyone Seen Niall's New Haircut?.wow.unf.
Thank you so much! Let me know if you need any more help with Chirpify. You can always find Break Me on iTunes too :)
#WeStoppedTalkingBecause she finally got that restraining order
Virginia's looking mighty appealing today after MD legislature raised our already-high income #taxes retroactively
I am. I've wanted to for a very Very long time. I actually have the time to get some training in now
Swallow your mean, mean pride, Rock n Roll Hall of Fame, and put Rush in there!
I would love having Robert California as the new manager on
Me and my friend are ordering a bunch of the old Disney shows soon. I miss them.
today>all the other days.
Follow & RT this for your chance to win a VIP table Friday at the newest hotspot!
Adele is too bumping!
yes they do
You talk about dignity , honey you got none .
apparently to be set, all you really need to do is wear a Miami jersey and have one foot on the floor.
Fact: The guy that stole your coat at the bar last weekend was an Oregon grad.
Join PETA & help save animals lives! Every animal matters! I love animals - I don't eat them! Go vegan! #200K # SMday
Emails to the little queens, volunteer research and loving life!
I hope I win. I really want to :P
RT : We're 5 minutes in, and I find myself missing Anne Hathaway. (Gold!)
Does your self-conscience really work? Mine seems to have gone on a vacation.
Congrats to on his win this afternoon!
Reworking a few keyword groups today. Splitting things out to get a more detailed analysis. Fun stuff!
Oh man, France vs. Mexico , going to be a great match!
Kyles version of someone like you <<<<
Austinites will like this--I mentioned to Roy Spence that I'm writing a book about Texas and got the most sincere "Yay!" in response. :-D
Ya, we found out a while ago unfortuantely. Maybe next year? cc/
well that's cool I gotta work at 10
nice work, keeping it in the family. Hope you guys had fun.
So this is why they were worried about the debt ceiling in washington
A day of relaxation! Ah!
I think they just didn't bring it for a perceived soft team and they paid for it. Let's see if they can rebound.
I was cleaning my closet and I bumped into my 8 grade cast...
ill be there GO HAWKS!
I just checked out your blog and saw the article about the speed drumming symposium. Wicked. Not annual?
maybe he wud be up fer cuddling
Andrew fill the whole in my heart!
damn dumb a$$ broads!~> RT : You sleep w/my husband and then we go on a mammogram date?
EVERYBODY IN CLEVELAND & AROUND THE USA. GO SEE MY THEATER RELEASE MOVIE ''TOUCHBACK'' IN RICHMOND HEIGHTS OR WILLOUGHBY THEATERS TODAY
lots of things to dissect... Will someone please talk about the 'delta bravo' lapel pins that Wade and Bosh were wearing post game?
OOH AAH WHO'D YOU MEET?!:D
I tried really hard to vote today. It just didn't work out.
Healthcare Staffing Summit September 21-23 2011 at Marriott Downtown, Philadelphia
Now you guys will have two players whose knees are made of glass..Bynum and Paul ;-)..
Too many dreams. Not enough lives.
Oh God. So many tourists.
Check out the Newbury Street today from Noon to 4pm! Get a free hot cider from our Newbury Shop and enjoy a bit of sunshine!
You're a rock star! RT : is shaping up here nicely at
Cmon Tracey, get Pomerantz out of the game... get the win!
Another 6900 x 768 section of painting for The Knotted Line has arrived from Evan Bissell, looking great
Comment from Charlene Lake of AT&T @#BMAengage, in 2009 customers ask "How can you save us money" AT&T looked at it as sustainability issue
Eye Opener Series: Millennials: How They're Changing the Game.
Dude, I couldn't even stop by the restroom from 6:40-10:15pm. No way to step away from the mic. You rocked last night.
nice pictures Taylor! Jon we miss you already!
I second that ShoeDazzle tweet. After I got my faux Birkin tote, I was done.
. #Journalism must do better job covering Internet as a contested space. Doesn't fall w/in trad MSM beats
What even is life today.
But Harvard is in top 10 schools that had most int'l students in 2010-11 b/c of its grad programs
serious dude
I feel like Chinas so advanced they could just email us a nuke.
RT if you want me to follow you!! -must be following me-
I really need to find the time to update this more often
I read it in 2 days... Thats how addicting it is.
ha, steak n shrimo kinda night. :)
RT : RT Whatever you doubt you can do is precisely what you must find a way to do.
STYLE LIKE ME VIDEO DROPS TODAY!!!!!
Well, Twitter says I've hit my limit for tonight. If you're legit... I don't mind following you back. Grin. Have a great night!
brah text me lol im so lonely
Small doses of Go-Gos these day. MT : getting ready to head back to france tomorrow to my own bed - my own stuff.
penn doesn't scare me, i'lljust make fun of him for sinking a rowboat during katrina
Hmm. Just noticed that #Spin magazine has a #WorstNewMusic tab on their site which includes #MeatLoaf &
lots of roaming swine & poultry . Where will they all go?
Off to a showing..,
I've just started an outline for a 4th book entitled: "The Keys to Human Integration of Body, Mind & Spirit " Old idea coming to fruition.
Damnit, forgot on my #ff earlier (sorry John!)
The best one: I need to stay married.
Have an #AMASINNN time on your vacation!
I'm really missing I wish there were more churches like that, especially in the MKE area. So amazing, open, and loving.
Love takes off masks that we fear we cannot live without and know we cannot live within. ~ James A. Baldwin
RT Cow tipping is a myth. Cattle rarely tip even when the service is good.
What did Anaheim do for Sac besides exist? Oh, yes. Got it.
Barbeque one hot dog and one hamburger for myself, while streaming the Nuggets/Lakers game on my porch.
We have a new server/location/network ready - vpn-ub4 Dynamic IP pptp/l2tp/sstp server in Atlanta, Georgia. Available in customer area now.
More arms today. Even though I think I should be hitting legs but they can wait
When you see the least, it's when the god is working the most.
Hey big bro <3 How are you today? :) Can't wait to see you on Saturday!
Real Cool! SepiaTown gets a mention in the new April issue of Real Simple, just hitting the newsstands. (Page 62)
Please schedule another USA alum get-together in New York; it's been a while.
we want you here in the #ATL - Lemme know when you land ;-)
Prime Rib comes from ribs 6-12 of the cow.
but real talk here- c'mon guys random dick pics are weird so ya should prob refrain from em. esp if it looks like its off a horror flick.
Wow really cool augmented reality demo in 's demo
Please RT the poll and have people vote on it, interesting to see what everyone thinks of the UCL Final around the country isnt it?
I know! But, I kinda want to play with it a bit before I pay $200...
Your Daily has nice collections of interest for #educators. (Not taking credit for something I merely passed forward, btw.)
i almost left untill i seen ur mention!!!!!!!!!! what up doe
I heard that too! Same airways at once.
rocked that "Nobody's Perfect" track on album
Is that an excuse ?! No
You know you work in #PR when you get a call from a reporter about a story at 11:30 p.m. on a week night and don't think much about it.
Away until Saturday, goodbye Twitter
It's time to Defeat the Wheat, #Milwaukee! No upcharge on any #GlutenFree menu items all day today, and 2-4-1 New Grist beer.
Roger that. Toolman on it. Consider it done.
terrific. Thanks!
Passer-By Pushes Man Contemplating Suicide Off Bridge in China.Passerby shakes his hand then pushes him off. Mad because traffic backed up
tired. don't wanna go to school.
happy #FF to you too! TGIF
hi, you're awesome.
Tebow!!! What a Bronco, thx 4 the points! Belichick rocked the boat, u just confused the big Ryan, love the down spiral, y'all rock! S my...
Did I get so wrapped up in the world of music that I lost my friends? Where are they when I need them?
Hard Rock Rising edition has begun - #AfterZ on stage now - #Radiohead vibe. It's only week 1 band 1 - HOT.-
Today in Invention History: Charles Townes patents the maser, the precursor to the laser, 1959
GOD's Disclaimer: WARNING! Life-Lessons are programed with auto repeat, for learning that has not been achieved! —DJohnson (T&BNOV26)
Too bad I forgot to spring ahead and fell behind ... until about an hour ago, when I caught up. Did YOU remember to set your clock ahead?
Bout 2 get dress and get ready 4 2nite
Briefly: ROTC cadets to be commissioned today; New organization established ... - The Daily News Journal
Time to start doing yr-end filing, tax prep, and setting up for 2011. #NowPlaying / Passport: Kingdom of the Netherlands
#welcome. Glad I could help!
i thought you meant the planet Mars...that assumption made your tweet very odd but completely awesome in its absurdity.
MobWives Chicago? Oh really! I'm there!
Good morning ! God Reigns!
Gotta love rainy days, until you go to work and realize everyone hates them.
thanks james! hardly get time to blog anymore...
When a really hot girl dies in a horror movie <
Reaching out for a chocolate square when in need of a little pick-me-up? What & how women eat is closely tied to your emotional state!
No problem ! Followed ! :D
yeah and I didn't finish the questions though
Happy b'day grand genius Leonardo da Vinci! <U+2665> "Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication."
That's crazy talk. I watch Food Network and have never heard hype on Chicago ribs. Pizza? Hot dogs? Comedy? The best! Own that!
i heard my nigga lul boosie gotd out of jail today.,? I Hope He Stop Fucking Up And Getting In Bars
Bored! Somebody!?
not everything has to mean more then it does .
Dr. Ajay Verma #Visioneering: Alzheimer's is THE pandemic of our time. Affects 50% of those over 85, a growing population.
of* heart
Kentucky Wildcats 2012 champions!!!
Beautiful day here! Hope yours is, too.
Heard just outside our office window: someone asked, "Find him?" A dejected, "No." Makes me wonder who's lost. cat? son? bird? husband?
omg nuh. Uh!<U+E413>
12a landed in Vegas, then work at 330a....lesson learned
Don't forget~~~Conclusion Band Tonight~~~Tomorrow is ladies night!!!! Live Saturday's at The Proud One!
Dang it, now im thinking about that kind of stuff...
hey lady, where are you guys? We are getting ready for a drink after dinner? Still at hard rock cafe?
Yes I have unfollowed u, I unfollowed u a month ago. Go suck a Dick nw. Good Day
thank you , is for your own safety
Criminal charges against George Zimmerman expected to be announced today at 3 p.m. PST.
Just finished my first fathers day brunch as a dad and it was pretty sweet! Happy fathers day to all you other dads out there.
I need to go to bed.
Wear more funny costumes.
I could drink me a good cold beer right now.
RT : supports freedom to marry for gays. wants constitutional amend. banning it. Any questions?
I know the rights were sold but I wanted to see if there were any word about an open casting call :) Thank you!!
Don't laugh I've had #naturalhair for almost 6 years & have yet to master the twist out.
Can't get over how perfect was last night. I can't wait to see him again in September <3
Awesome! I'll check it out later today and see if I can get it! :D
Special shout out to my boy - known this kid for a while - hit him with a follow
I'm tired, #fondeuces xD this is fun!
wow! i am at 72 followers already! thanks guys! tell all your friends to follow me! facebook.com/justjawaan
Thank you for your follows! Be sure to visit us !
I should go to sleep.....*in deep voice* BUT I CANT!
Espn everyone
Me too! I love you too! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
that previous tweet was for you, from north and Newhall.
woo hoo i m going t be in a music video but now i have to finda nerd outfit. this may be a prob lol causei dotn have slacks lol
#military #discount 15%off ALL ORDERS Just use promo code "Freedom 15" at checkout www.1800anylens.com "Seeing is Believing"
i am following 200 ppl!lol
for every good artist there are 15 garbage ones that get more pub bc of a stupid hook. Producers are more talented than artist.
Terps come back to win game 2, 6-5, and take the doubleheader today. Series concludes at 1 p.m. Sunday.
no, you wait till guests sit on the throne, then turn on the lights, below.
My 23 yr old son just lead my 18yr old daughter and me in prayer; and explained to us why science & math prove that God exists. Wow.
Mandatory Hispanic Rant: I don't practice Santeria and I ain't got no crystal ball...
": Morning people. Wake up and enjoy the beautiful day ahead."
go buy that new too short and keep it pimping 4all u lames stay up to date,rip pimp c,get$$$live life.
We appreciate your having a look at our Facebook page MaryLola. Thank you.
COME THROUGH AND CHECK US OUT! WWW.BLOCKSTARSONLINE.COM
If Old Dominion isn't ready to jump up to Conference USA, will they stick w/ 13 teams or would Idaho or New Mexico State have a shot at #14?
Ted Leo + Rx on the Hudson, Slick Rick on the East River. Both shows are Thursday, and both are free. I can't decide.
Hopefully moms won't be on no trash and i can go over my babys house tomorrow ; goodnight twitter <3
We had a huge turnout for Famiiy Sunday , and tons of fun! Thanks for the mention.
What Kind ,? Cause I Only Eat Oreo & Birthday Cake Ice Cream ;)
Had a brief moment of confusion last night with my application. Was able to correct and submit it this morning. Very hopeful. #YES!
Pink Floyd pandora station is badass.. Led Zepplin, The Beatles, Tom Petty, The Eagles, Kansas, The Animals.. Cant go wrong!
“: Were not even doing anything at school.. #whyamihere!!!”
happy mother's day to all the loving mommas who take care of all of us.
i dare you to run outside in the middle of the night and belt celine dion. you won't.
Your welcome
I can't believe I just bought a blu ray player for a 3 year old. Total sucker when it comes to my goddaughter.
Facebook forever is social networking into the afterlife. Status update from Hell. No fundamentalist fucktards? Not so bad.
We're playing at the Wine Cellar this coming Friday, 1/14 9:00pm. Classic and current pop/rock covers, animated but not loud.
The Civil War was such a golden era for beards.
yeeeeup, you sure know how to pick 'em -_____-
Make me a third. When I was a kid all of my change was spent on Spider-Man and Conan.
Thank you for the # FF
You might be a redneck if : you have a complete set of salad bowls and they all say cool whip on the side .
#FF Thanks for the RTs & mentions
I'm reminded yet again how much I hate reading genetics papers. Ugh.
SO bummed was sent home tonight on American Idol :(
Post practice food!
Bout to sit in this meeting .... Hopefully I'll survive it ... Nothing. But. Women. Smh
At coffee shop, over-hearing a conversation about what "most women" want and how most men "are like wussies nowadays"
I Cried When I saw Phantom of the Opera, A Walk to Remember, Cyberbully, West Side Story, and MANY MORE! :D
I'm having Clyde withdrawals :(
Want a little #bling in your life? Text GRILLZ to 35350 now for a special deal from Grand Jewelers located in !
Those cheap-ass pencils with erasers that fu*k up the paper more than the mistake you want to erase.
Teaching a little girl how to play MASH....I miss those days!
have you seen twilight?
duddeee rain check!!! I'll go tomorrow after class...if thats ok..my mom is studying for a test so im here w/ michelle
I bet you beat the girl in the headband.
I've been a bad tweeter. Sorry I'm a busy girl :)
change of plans everyone im gonna call gamestop tommorow and ask how much i will get for trading in a few items i dont have use for anymore
Really interesting stuff happening around disability at #occupy sites. Is protest unfairly able-bodied-centric?
oh haha it was fine, but yeah I kinda replied late, but that's cool!
Sweetest thing someone has said to you this week. Go: You're an excellent writer. said by a pulitzer prize winner. yep!
I wish I had some pho right now<f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+009C> yum yum!
kind of glad i'm not watching the game in public with the words that are coming out of my mouth.
someone have an at&t phone i could use ..?
Playing poker at Del Park til Super Bowl.
George Stocking: "I have on occasion thought of programming my computer to find and replace all instances of the word or syllable 'cause.'"
Stuffed after an amazing nye dinner of surf n' turf with my hubby. Happy 2011 everyone! Wishing health and happiness!
lmao im scurred you're serious
omg, I love my bed.. I promise to not leave you the rest of the day :)
Heading to work
Damn sometimes WTF????
One word: Revolution
Go Spurs
Let the Turkey Brine'n begin!
I'm wearing a white robe.
I'm so cool
No matter how silent I am outwardly, there is an intense internal dialogue going on always. Not speaking does not mean "being quiet."
epic shot by Nadal, will go down in history as one of the great shots of all time
#bulls are on fire ;)
Technical Communication author Paul Anderson will speak @ 4:45PM session on collaboratively communicating via international gateways
FREE WITH NEXT ALBUM PURCHASE: Hand-drawn "Ladies of Lifetime Movie Network" 2009 calendar (every month is Judith Light)
Blount has to share carries with a player from Boise State, hopefully punches aren't throw.
Idk why I'm pretending like I'm really going to stay up to watch this hole game lol
I've said it before & I'll say it again. Oh air conditioning, how I love you.
Listening to #openingday, Nats @ Cubs. I swear I can smell the fresh cut grass through the audio feed.
I'm a terrible Lady Pope. Had no idea they were playing tonight. But yay Popes!
“: Most Bros won't admit this but Father Of The Bride is hilarious!!! Love that movie ” FAVORITE
/via & : ... basic stats/probability should be taught in high school [21st C req'd knowledge]
... invitation to disciple-ship. My church is more politically correct... LOL
#shaunlumachi will never forget you!
Usually UI/UX unless it's a very cut and dry problem: data access patterns are critical and easy to get painfully wrong
Good afternoon everyone over here at is having a great day!! The weather is beautiful today isn't it?
i wouldn't mind chocolate.
I was talking to me stepmom call me back RT : u saw me call u!!
It takes two things for a person to accomplish their goals, the first is to say it, the second is to do it.
I would love to teach you lessons! What's your email? Don't forget to check out my sexy pix at grahambintliff.com.
CONGRATS CHAR, NO MORE BRAIN SLUG(: Wore my Haters hoodie in honor of today(: xx
just left ivy tech going to work til 8 today is going to be a good day : )
Wahooo!...Stubby's Happy Hour! Frankenmuth Pilsner and Dunkel and all apps 1/2 off today from 3pm-6pm. Get here now!
It will involves ripped tights and a Nirvana record. ;)
- no way! Class of 2001!
Just looked my twitter username on google some cool stuff came up
Definitely. PINK GOLD is one of my top five choices for knuckle tattoos. They belong together.
IPHONE ELECTROMAGNETIC FIELD IMPROVED: Even though the diameter of the field has shrunk, still don't put it to your head!
We have more pics/video on Facebook! Follow us!
19. I wanna be famous , <U+2665>
#KentuckyWildcats onward to the Championship Game! Cats! Cats! Cats!
One of the first African companies to export honey to a European market, Beza Mar Agro-Industry is no stranger to success...
Let's go
kills penalty.
Who ever said dogs were a mans bestfriend? According to my Dad a pooper scooper is mine! What I would do without my horses
Downloaded #SteveJobs, the book, before going to bed. Bad idea. It's now 1am and I can't put it down.
OK, time to go from pajamas to professional in 15 minutes! (G'morning', Fort Wayne!)
both my boyfriend and i deactivated them to have less issues in our relationship, and so far its great :)
thank you. that conversation could've gone very poorly. twitter is so hard.
RE "Eternal Sunshine"; showing clips with complex premise in class is problematic -- but it, perhaps, got you to watch the film?
School tomorrow :( god make it snow I'm pleading for a snow day
sometimes life just throws all the shit at you at once, and it doesn't feel particularly good
Tag. You're it. Now come to New York? Cool.
Watching 's "Meeker in a Minute"
haha okay loser :] !
not yet, but it's inevitable.
you're sick haha. better than Charlie Weiss??
Wagwan (What's going)? Get $1 OFF totals over $10 at G&G's Restaurant. Only w/ a
Thats just sick & wrong RT: No Tree of Life cinematography with BAFTA. Bizarre.
On your wedding day, have safety pins on hand so you are prepared for broken bustle loops, torn straps, or broken zippers.
tell me about it.
Get up get dress chill for lil bit then go out :)
starting new life but ur rite no place like NC.
Having #coffee with one of our #neighborhood #moms #taught me to ALWAYS watch It's Academic! #Future of our #talent pool
thanks Dan! Agreed, first EP was great! Think the 2nd one released today actually! See you at the show at !
Dammit kobe cold blooded
I'd take Overeem vs Pacquaio and Mayweather for all the money.
I HATE fake people!!!!!
I need to change my sleeping schedule b4 school starts again, been sleeping around 3 and waking up around 12 this whole sb:/
Glad you enjoyed your visit! What did you and your family enjoy most? Did you get to see the renovated planetarium?
welcome to ATL
Best thing about the day after ur birthday? Homemade brunch!
From prom to tv on the radio to canasta .. I have my whole life cycle in an evening
i wonder what would happen if RT this and followed i think i would bounce of the walls....:):) plz plz plz!
AP Physics done today!! Tomorrow, AP gov, Wednesday, APLAC...
Finished my gloves. Do you know in the four years of my business, this is the FIRST pair of gloves I've made for myself?
In Iowa. Learning how the Water Heater call center here works. Wow!
Yes, yes you should! :)
thought you might like those! They should make a pair in honor of each Disney princess! #collectthemall I want Jasmin's!
I think you will really enjoy the texture of the CHIA Kombucha. Right, Britt?
I feel as though I scheduled every possible meeting ever today. Sorry co-workers.
“: I think Imma have some today for lunch!” I think that's a great idea.
Arizona Diamondbacks will double all pledges for the next 5 MINUTES - call Now 602-277-3003!
I don't think I've ever had a better spring break than the one I've had this past week and a half. :) I'm so blessed and thankful!
Great deals ! Need to get my afterburn on at ! how are you feeling today?
Dear La Jefa, I'm so determined to be in 1 of your videos!! That is all baby!
Strategic Alliance between UK company and My Press Needs imminent, announcement to follow shortly
love it!!
Ya'll guys are awesome.Can't wait to see you all live!Stereo Is A Lie people!
Go drop your pounding head into a book where it's nice a cozy. See yas laterz Girl!!
try BB&Beyond w/coupon less than 10 bucks! “: If you have a Keurig, where do you buy k-cups? Looking for the best price. Thanks!”
Back in the
If you're going to retweet every motherfucker that tweets you, you're getting
I used to eat a lot of natural foods until I learned most people die of natural causes.
HEY FAM! HOW U BEEN?
Er, grilling book.
checking with several people from my past! RT : How does it feel to suck?
Well Baby the one you blow off might be the one you should have kept
#mommydearest on tv right now. Perfect, happy mothers' day! NO WIRE HANGERS EVER!
4 miles starting at 10:30, and I still feel like I just jumped in a swimming pool...
I'd rather have a road win at Washington over 3 #1 picks. Maybe we can get a "We Won 2 meaningless games at Washington" Trophy for that?
fantastic show last night, and the Big Star show was one in a million! See you soon, and love from The Mels!
Blunt ... Breakfast
The next time I think the bus will be faster than the train, y'all have permission to smack me.
Overheard at the show last night. Glen Phillips starts playing "Crazy Love" by Van Morrison. "Isn't this John Mayer?" "I think it's Sting".
If you don't understand, then leave it at that and move on to something else.
RT : Disco fries at Ardeo + Bardeo in Cleveland Park...a new favorite! // love those!
don't go, do it at home :) RT : Can't go to yoga until this death cough is gone. Any remedies?
Good morning!!! Stop & think about what you have to do today... Then make sure you INCLUDE the decision to be POSITIVE today!
So very true. :)
Love Going hard for Christ in Cod #Team Jesus!! How great is our God!!
Current bid is $1200, do I hear $1300? Remember bidding closes at 3pm!
hard to go wrong with cocktails and infoviz.
Interesting convo 2day re: severity of child's disability in relation to parent's level of optimism.
Did ya see Elsy, boy? Did ya dance with her? "no" course u did. We all did. (Boosh)
You ain't gots to lie Craig, you ain't gots to lie.
If you spam my tl I will unfollow you
Nick Johnson, holdin it down for bald dudes everywhere
really good! Pandora's box has now been opened...
good luck, great run and strong finish!!
bo our first games are Monday.
who is also a dog,
Didn't read book for library book group tonight. Oops. Thank you, Spark Notes.
No way...like I said, CH don't hit him, we're not talking about this. Example needs to be made on this...
Still up WTF
I was awesome though lol
THIS GIRL IS INCREDIBLE¡ she has her feet, in the gorund and luciagil NOT¡
No, no that too.. but the theme of healthy relationships that grown ppl have, not like drama/heartbreak of youth
Pussy weed and alcohol is what I'm thinking about
Burning the midnight oil...website coming soon!
They do in NY I think RT : I wish McDonalds delivered!
Mr. Speaker can we speak on JOBS? because without jobs there are no conversation. This is not the America we sign up for!!
My Man! Hows it going?
yeah he really struggled in Gm3. But hit shots at end when it mattered. Plus Rondo/Allen back. Looking up. Big Gm4 tom
Rabbit 3 ways at
“: It's the son turning 10 that makes you feel old isn't it? Happy birthday to you both” yes. and thanks.
RT : RT : Last few days to catch some fantastic films Fest - Learn more about the event:...
Keep calm and Raise Your Glass to how victorious the boyz are.
ms word auto capitalizes Cyborg. Just what is it planning?
So sorry // Choppy texts are so annoying - let's fix this! What carrier do you have? Please email support[at]webgreek[dot]com
Good luck! RT : Final round interview with Wells Fargo set for next week.
It only gets worst before it gets better.
Glad it helped even it was revolting for you.
When I switch from writing non fiction to fiction, I become truer to life. Take that reality tv lovers.
#NP What Makes You Beautiful by #MASHUP What does everyone think of this up and coming boy band? Better than BSB/N*SYNC?
"god, guns, and glory." No, not in NYC anymore.
Proj1: Newsletter - check, Proj2: Free offer - check. Prepping for 3 calls this morning. Got my coffee, headed to breakfast...here we go!
#THEVOICE LADY A ON TA NIGHT.<333
no worries, next time!
we tried to submit for press passes to cover the event! Can you point us in the right direction? Thanks!
nothing much. Enjoying the beginning of spring. u?
Ready for Pretty Little Liars new episodes!!
Sharron Angle: monkeys, cocaine, and Reid
Aw (Tear) lol
much love and respect, young lady!
Everybody should go follow because he is awesome!! He is a #guymahomie and #guybelieber! 3
Damn, unfortunately I'm a white straight guy.
I know exactly how you feel. <3
always so flawless. Have you seen the promo for partners?
The WWE universe Demands a DVD!! Please make it happen!!!
Wishing my little brother, Marcus a VERY HAPPY BIRTHDAY TODAY!!
Smile if you thankful for the day
Learn Chinese for the day: <U+7EFF><U+8272>(<U+7DA0><U+8272>)[lusè] green
The recession won't be over till we raise a generation who knows how to live on what they've got!!
My text from Tannehill.. "I'm ready"
"It's what's inside that counts everyone" #sideeye LOL!
Go Caroline
Follow me? :)
Letting Go of Someone You Love Is Very Hard To Do
Transformation involves seeing beyond one's self and even one's own group or context. Few are interested in what we don't know
Instead of calling him Chris "BirdMan' Anderson, maybe we should call him Chris "BoyCock" Anderson? Cock as in rooster, of course
i wish i had an endless supply of juice right now
vinessanj: #sla2009 Put my awesome green water bottle in the dishwasher and it got warped. Be warned! Guess I'll have to pick up a new o ...
iphones and dre beats are the highest trends in technology rite now...real shxt
Compact shelving, off-site storage, barcoding, RFID, self-checkout, mobile device applications, shadow work.
aww that's cute. I wish someone would make me something for graduation! :P I guess my gift is my Europe trip xD
RIP Gil Scott-Heron
Good Night ! please follow me! you would make my life with that 1 follow!
God gave me you <3
PEOPLES >_< Go take my quiz on ROFLquiz by searching "Which Fruits Basket Character are you" in the search box x)
we got givin out swag to everybody who come to
living in Florida I've cooked 3 turkey holiday meals w/ all the trimmings and they were great and it was fun I'm beautiful
RT : The road to success is constantly under construction!
It is not in the power of men to tell folks how to live. It is in the power of God. It is revealed in the Bible.
go listen to One More Victim on Facebook or download their album Dominion. It's deathcore, but I know you'll like it.
thanks for the support! let me know what you think!
I want Starbucks.
its valenties day were u r? well if so happy valentines day. ^_^
SMH yea yea
What. A. Night.
My nigga floyd money may weather going to beat miguel cotto ass
in boston for the 4th visiting my mum, sis, and nephew Smiley Riley.. can't wait to see him!!!
It was a good fight
Hustel'n n the name of music!Throw me a share!www.reverbnation.com/rufar0 thankz :)lets blues out
Awesome! Glad you like it! RT : you, sir...are great at what you do. Cannot wait to write and record on this!
Sounds nice. I like most things really, Chinese particularly but not indian. U ? X
RT : Perfect - Jets pick a receiver who played in triple-option offense to play in their very own double-qb offense!
MSFT's Westlake: Policies that promote #broadband adoption, access key to the future
whoa! I see it still running but not northbound. I'm going to hold out for a few but I may need to save the day
#lgovsm thanks (not sure about the leading bit when I keep forgetting the hashtag)!!
We're My Buddy aaht ?
Just rocked a 48 hr business planning sprint. Micro-celebrations are in order.
Can't wait for that day!
Tomorrow is the big day. My son is getting married. Congrats Andy and Jenn!!!
Nothing like some Mizla family communal Thanksgiving drinking...good times
Good morning Twitter! Worldwide trends include "I Believe I Can Fly" which was my elementary school graduation song.
throwing a zoom fluke on shallow lily pad flats on our natural lakes here in tallahassee
fine a good one? Where?
believe me, that was the first thing that i thought about! But don't worry, puking or not, i'll be there
RT Its official. Time for the diet and exercise to begin. Just one more nap first.
seriously haha, meant to ask, are you getting wristbands for the 1D signing? :)
lol good deed
I think i broke my fucking arm; shitt
I'm the kid all my friends secretly hate.
It makes me want to cry. And change my life.
Stupid DLC you are taking too long to download.
As I see it, in terms of season length, every 10 games is the equivalent of 1 NFL game. Cubs will be 1-2. And only 1 game out. We got this!
i have got to stop singing victory ahead of time
Great site! We love what you do.
I have never seen videos of him singing. But Biebs vocie isn't pretty. Theirs is. Also they have pretty accents!
I sound sick as hell..... It's all bad.
God I love Betty White
DAYUM go make that bitch blow the fuck out lmao its her fault not mine :) thanks
Can't hold truth and honesty to anybody nowadays...
I don't get why you are disrespectful to a teacher. You aren't cool...?
“: Must. Have. Coffee. #goodmorning” seriously. Amen to that. Quad latte kinda day.
Wishing you all a very #HappyHolidays from the Kravitz Dental family!
almost all my near friends are Mahomies, and then I have a fan site on FB for the Danish Mahomies. There's about 245 likes (:
gamers fail most of the time, I think of 's talk and the "not yet" concept of assessment
AEROSMITH TICKETS PURCHASED!!!!!
And new Jetsetters you wanna follow..like this one?? :)
You might think that having tendonitis in both shoulders would be fun, but surprisingly, you would be wrong!
“: Chauncey Billups officially Done for the season with a torn achilles tendon. #FantasyHoops” FYI...
H&A anticipate this complaint by subtitling it "Philosophical Fragments," but I'd rather call Dialectic of Enlightenment a "hot mess"
On our way to the UW Biz Plan competition. We have our favorites but need to seem them up close.
oh my gosh I love you
RT : SM can have humanizing ability to reconnect our community to our representatives.
hm, he needs to really have a great camp to make it I think.
you're such nice :) and no problem! <U+2665>
It's also not my fucking problem when your FT have hit 40 and are about to reach OT and you need me to come in earlier. Fuck yourself.
I miss you. remember when you would bake something then we would go on my roof & watch the sunset then gaze at the stars once it was dark?
I envy my mother like no other. That woman is my hero and inspiration. I want nothing more then to be an amazing woman like her <U+2764>
get into top fests (not fake shitty ones), get top reviews, get distribution, & get careers in Hollywood. Realism > "polish."
Oh, thats cool...
love the site
RT: : Cute baristas just make life so much better.
That's 1:30 both Thursday & Friday, right?
thanks for the shout out :)
It's funny how people say "I like people who text back instantly", yet they're not one of them. And later complain about it more. Please<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0086>
Tip 6: Ending the Date - If there is a mutual attraction don't forget to get her number and don't expect a kiss on the first date.
Q3 I would love to use more seasonal items too I want to try some new things this summer
I'm so glad I got to see the Nuggets live in Phoenix this game reminds me of that one.
and yet, still no review of our debut EP "Ball My Children." I call FOUL!
I'm not sure I know what that means? How is E-Ville coping post quake? Is it chaotic?
good lawd, I have no idea. my dogs are even going crazy....
An Xcellent martial arts publication
Any day without marketing is bound to be a good day <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
been dancing to the new skrillex album in my room for the last 45 minutes.
why is that?
"These NYC stop & frisks are not one time inconveniences or embarrassments. They are an ongoing trauma and fear for communities in NYC."
Did I un follow? If I did sorry. Ever since I updated twitter it will un follow ppl.
I will sorely miss yelling at the TV screen watching Terrance Newman give up loads of yards & consistently fail in coverage.
are you in florida by any chance? LAWLZ.
cool wrangler tutorial...I will fix the issue with the added underscores soon
Great! I did the HIIT the beach workout this morning... starting the 5day plan monday. We should workout together sometime!
can't say until it's official. But I'll just say he's done a lot of work for coaches all around the state
I cudnt punch my NFL.. Ill try for u tho Bri haha!
Oh maybe there will some ;D
Can't say I'm dying of excitement for prom on friday ... Don't know why.
I like the new logo and branding. Will score points with us Americans. A striking emblem is never a bad thing.
Having a great day talking to recruiters and enjoying time with my wife!
"we gotta make the board, Chris is gonna get mad at us!"
Wow...Facebook is so boring
Agree. That's a weird thing to say. But I do hope they get better. Bog 12 needs everybody to step up next season.
ouch. You're still mad.
Cute i want a scooter soo bad.... but i dont know how to ride one :)
Our express pedicure is 30 minutes and $35. Soak in the pedi tub, have your cuticles whipped into shape, and finish with a glossy polish!
are you having issues with your servers? My tech team is saying that weve had a page hanging in "publishing" mode all morning.
Think, "Determine the thing that can and shall be done, and then we shall find the way" -Abraham Lincoln and go to www.IamINC.biz
Awesome timing! The concert is going to be so much fun in addition to great shopping. Woohoo! XO- M
I need your help. Writing article on 11 craziest rookie hazing's in NHL history. Any ideas?
You Shine Like A Diamond, Glitter Like Gold, And You Need To Know What Nobody Ever Told You! (:
I'm starting a dislike like game right now.. I dislike Zimmerman!
Pets are like little kids... this dude does not want me to sleep... just wants to play
that's epic!
I hope being busy is a good thing! Miss ya, kinda. :)
is now open! Purple Door is proud to be on their menu. Stop in and check out this great, new restaurant!
RT : yup. All original.dudes it's an awesome project I have been blessed wow got a friends copy need to get my own tomorrow...!!
Bernie Madoff Hates You
Attention Real Housewives watching friends: Maloof Hooves are on RueLaLa today. It's a fat little shoe.
my warm feelings for earthlink/mindspring are currently overwhelmed by earthlink's smallprint partnership with verizon
To the man who pleases him, God gives wisdom, knowledge and happiness. Ecclesiastes 2:26
I really want a corn dog right now
Hey you little song birds, its that time of week again.... KARAOKE!! Come mingle with some redskins then sing your heart out!
That's why that story seemed so odd a couple weeks ago. As for Sine Die...
I told u falu had a live bat. What a great moment for falu
Not enough hours in the day. Seriously.
When Harden comes in that gives OKC 3 scoring guards...more chance for Kobe to pick up fouls against ultra AGGRESSIVE guards
Just found 4 other Sansburn's on twitter are they related
I can't deal w all the insecurities
Envisioning a joint-blog post/feature for Men's Health Month with you, on men in the online health space. Thoughts?
Wow! Maceo Parker and band was incredible!! Can't believe Marva Whitney came out & did Think!!
ABC didn't pick up !?
love arsenio and Adam.
So Im watching My Little Pony: Friendship is Magic for the first time...
Loved the wedding photos. All of the shots were creative, lighting was super and you made it a special remembrance
anything but this revised tutoring plan #nomotivation #duetomorrowdotomorrow?
Watchn the game nervous as hell I got faith in my team tho
YAY! Happy birthday !
tweet me since irene ruined my #sundayfunday /:
One Direction is terrible. And I can't stand them. But their song is catchy. Blast.
I show you some attention you start thinkin you can take it for granted, so i cut you off and you wanna come runnin back.
that would be a great idea. I have to do a lot of running around with mom though. If I have time I will
It's all in the hips
Today would have been Shirlock's 30th birthday. Glad we can head to #bourbonchase and run for him and everyone affected by leukemia.
A friend is someone who reaches out for your hand... and touches your heart.
So nervous 4 #BELIEVE tour tickets so scared what if he Doesn't come 2 sheffield? Or what if the tickets run out quickly! Omg need 2 calm<3
LAKEWOOD AS IN DALLAS?
What drugs do to ppl is so sad...that type shit will never amuse me
So what is so good about Spring in Wisconsin? Well--the snow is gone (except for Cascade Mtn. remnants visible from my windows)
Now into meat of ideas behind Imagine Austin Plan #atxcouncil #atxgov. Terms used include liveable, sustainable, mobile, prosperous
Finalizing negotiations with Peyton further proves Elway was never really behind Tebow, ever; even when winning or playoff run last season.
chill lol vampires don't sparkle that was only in cake ass twilight
Oh wow! a sequel to Husbands? He was gone too soon! Love Opening Night, Woman - the Gena focused films.
eating #banana #pakoras in bed stuy in July.
Love the Angry Birds!
well that is a given.
I need to write a blog post. My heart hurts.
john's rap: put the macaroni in the mic-ro-wave(uh) put the macaroni in the mic-ro-wave (yeah) bubblin bubblin bubblin HOT, cheesy goodness
Dreading going to social security office for a replacement card
ur a dumb bitch
Blessed are the hearts that can bend; they shall never be broken. - Albert Camus
I've got 7 different dates for #vday today im about to go for the perfect week in 1 day, need to hydrate on my #swagjuice <-
today is wear whatever you want to practice day... You already know I'm legends from the hat to the stirrups!
I vote for critter hats for all IL2 attendants
Hi no I don't have a spring break. I miss you love
I want to move downtown, if only because would bring me
Always a tough one; going with 5ive Style (first lp) or Five Style (second). I figured Black Keys fans needed it spelled out.
It's black people who stand accused of using #trayvonmartin as if he's a chess piece and we're trying to make a move.
had an awesome Easter dinner and had a really cool waitress:) they grow up so fast!
and now we have sweet home Alabama and some woman at the bar screaming.
and yes apparently I just tried to cheat the system
just listened to it, its awesome man!!!
I am allowed to claim exemption because I was actually born in Washington DC.
I know you can't! but hey, #veggiesforlife <3
really? Wow didn't know it was that bad. I take it all back!
luck of the Irish on these hoes, St. Pattys day weekend... lets crack some brews
Oh, I just googled London Boulevard. I'd never heard of it!! Will watch. Thanks for telling me about it.
haha my phone didn't update so that was the one I got
Happy Saturday! Enjoy the sunshine and the last of the mildly cheap gas.
I just go with "I love you but you smell like mayonnaise!" say it fast keeps It short and simple....
and tweet proves you are clueless.
Lose followers not sweet
Anytime! I'm always hunting out good coffee. If you look around you'll find indie stores leagues better than Starbucks or Dunkin
The rookie wage scale has taken any suspense out of teams signing their draft picks. At least we won't have any annoying rookie holdouts.
totally sublime stuff! Super excited J-Mike is back!
WATCHING THE BREW CREW ON NATIONAL TV WHILE CLEANING UP.
- I CONCUR.
Haha, exactly. I don't see them together at all.
RAF SIMMONS TO DIOR. HM INTERESTING CHOICE.
HA! I planned on not having a life or family for the next month so I could do just that.
Thx for the follow!
“Thruout life ppl will make u mad, disrespect u&treat u bad. Let God deal w/ the things they do, cause hate in ur <3 will consume u too.” WS
do you like sushi?
aw dat is so sad u ok doll?
I hate sundays!
So sick of politics and we've only just begun.
already did
HAZE HOMIE IS CRAZY KEEP A LOOK OUT #TEAMNUELIPHE WATCH TALENT GROW! MUAHAAAHAA
Not with the Cubs bullpen...
You look so god, tell me why you wanna work here?
I really want to see that movie! And the Avengers. Now I'm craving that like crazy
#WhyKardashians sorry I think you just give K-family even more attention with that Twitter discussion hashtag
Registering your business' trademarks and service marks with the USPTO can get complicated. Email for assistance.
Manchester City Stole that EPL Title From Man United and I Bet Sir Alex Ferguson was Pissed like he got his money Stolen!
miss you already
Saw "The Five Year Engagement" today - thought it was somewhat disappointing. I expected another 'Bridesmaids"...
The wait is almost over. We might be hitting up the studio during spring break and finally get that EP made. Oh my!
An Adam Dunn like pace! RT : That's No. 16 for Josh Hamilton. That's seven HRs in his last 16 ABs (last four games).
Giving #weirdicecreamflavor a twist: tweet your #literaryicecreamflavor My first entry: The Two Gentlemen of Vanilla
The better to OBLIVIATE with!
don't trust him, he doesn't know lol !
verytime we talk you have a test lol
KUOW at 8:06: Parents muy unhappy about proposal to change start times at Seattle Public Schools.
What a beautiful day!
“ I'm gonna follow you!”
Manage speaker expectations
Each man, woman and child in America eats an average of 46 slices (23 pounds) of pizza a year.
“CHiGOAT It's nice out think I'm a throw a small party on my Patio... Drinks and food on me...” where at?
Hi Robin! I'm submitting to you today!
lol maybe ur his twin instead of me (:
Thus I think I broke my brain, making it impossible to think of fewer than 6 things at a time.
Good actions give strength to ourselves and inspire good actions in others. - Plato
Hey thanks for following us :)
i love ur icon
what kind of librarian are you? ;)
I'm Ready For Q Gf Who Has Time For Me ^___^ Where Is She?
Thats pretty amazing ;D
Zuckerberg and Eduardo Saverin. hmm. I think I may need to sleep on this and gather my thoughts. *smh*
Hey #SD don't forget to turn on at 6:20am tom. to see and his top #tailgate essentials for the big game! Go #chargers!
Smooth! RT : Make that Ty Rattie with the goal.
Did anyone else see do the discount double check last night?
It's Giveaway Time! We'll give away a pair of Beats by Dre TOUR earbuds ($149.99 value) if we hit 200 Likes by Friday 7/22!
hey alex! Its 4pm here haha <U+2665>
I may need to kick my own ass.
Oh no. I did that not too long ago ... I feel so disconnected from the world when I'm without it!
The likeness is uncanny! ;)
"Who owns the words? Who owns the music and the rest of our culture? We do though not all of us know it yet. Reality cannot be copyrighted"
Yes. MT : Q1 - observation - efforts are decentralized and split in separate initiatives by departments?
Bounce lil kitty, bounce lil kitty. =^.^=.
i hope u will have an exciting 2012 :-)
We just signed up for a twitter account! Follow us as we plan our big day! June 18th at the Chicago History Museum!
How many of you Hollywood actors/actresses believe in the existence of ET's, & how many of you beleive in reincarnation/past lives?
love the name and the logo! Let's get Social!
Just signed the lease. Moving in August 1st
Returned from 3 week trip to China. Did some excellent touring AND some business. Found some oppos in banking, media and energy-saving tech
Be nice to the Jets! Take that Winnipeg!!!
do you workshop your stories while in process?
Speculoos spread is the best thing ever invented, thanks
:-) thank you babes how are you
7:41 :) I just need a picture of you Jacky please i want a picture of you!!
There's still plenty of "gray hat" download stuffing going on, but it's a start
HEY LENNY!!!! Just read your BIO on WBLS website!! So inspiring!!! Keep working hard and following your dreams!!! :)
Just got my student loans deferred for a year. BAM!
Those are beautiful. Lol.
Thanks:-) ... a great speaker... insightful on issues of our time.
Crenshaw students demand digital literacy. Without - they fear on becoming a permanent underclass.
#chicklitchat I can't wait to read everyones! I know what I am going to write About. Need to get hopping!
have you heard about the band they are amazing ;)
its really not cool!
#allstardraft #tsn show the girls who bring up the shirts!!!
Nothing to do today ! I did nothing in my xmas vacation :(
Bought it last night and am already deep into novel number two.
Proud, NEW, member of the 2012 Teach for America Corps in Memphis. Whoo Hoo! I'm looking 2 change the world 1 child at a time. Do yr part 2!
Grant, we apologize. We are following you again, hope you come in soon
good luck! If you get too loney, send lots of tweets.
Headed to Ft Worth today for speech, then 2 Dallas 4 Bill Ames' book event -(he wrote the book on TX textbook wars)
no, I think maybe it's risk adverse but not odd. Do it :)
So glad I get to sleep in in the morning
Thanks for the advice but it was not asked of you..
First RHOA, now Homeland!
Found my Set Your Goals underwear. So much fucking win right now.
hey guys Miami SoFly Magazine had a great interview with ys the future hey make sure yall check out his mixtape on datpiff.com
When someone makes you feel like your worth nothing
4 ur inspiration. Mentioned U & the Steelers in my sermon as we head toward the Superbowl of Christianity, Easter!
now CRC rogue idiot quacks have thier cockroaches in service..harassing Belinda Jackson..PCC/Cascade
Lol I think im gonna need to take a cab after #primal on sat after all those
Happy birthday.<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
looks dumb
The Batgirl signal.
Realizing my man is coming home tm now we can finally break out the #scannable on the home turf
*u I meant lol
RT This weather makes me sleepy.<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
thank you!
Yo was better than that skeet that you called a show. U called in Tom Hanks for that? U better not get laid tonight
Dear NBC Sports... if something is more than 72 days away, having a countdown timer on the bottom of your screen may be overkill
It's funny how sometimes you do the most glamourous thing - like finishing and album and having a glamourous photo shoot...
From Laure'n Rovira: Be attentive and mindful to what is happening around you at all times. ~ Leon Nacson
If u don't open ur heart n #faith one day, u'll look back on a life you never LIVED.
Glad you liked them!
Unclogging the pipes
RT WAY impressed w/breadth of innovation/entrepreneur/tech classes+programs global+local project partners.
Left-handed people are better at sports that require good spatial judgment and fast reaction, compared to right-handed individuals.
RT : Surround yourself with brilliance & then rise to the occasion. Who are you surrounded by?
Going to get my mustache and uni-brow waxed BRB
One of the best breads @ Firehook Bakery, available on Tuesdays, is Russian black bread.
hope it gets better!
I'm just Gunna cry myself to sleep now.
Does anyone know of any good affordable cheer camps? Savannah wants to go but im having hard time finding one that doesnt cost out the rear.
College: Arkansas fans rally to 'save' embattled Petrino The scandal surrounding Bobby Petrino has divided Razorbacks fans, with many su
But I think part of the issue is that the rooms themselves aren't wired - for wireless or even T1.
After a 19 year career, 17 with the #RedSox, Tim Wakefield is hanging em up today. Glad he got to 200 wins last season.
Tv show poduction complete and sent up the assembly line to be mixed.....next song please....time to refrence, 31hrs and counting..
Sick of late to the party types SPOILER ALERTINGing me. That show/book/movie has been out for weeks/years/decades. Be engaged.
There's nobody here to live-tweet Showcase rehearsal with me. Wait... do I miss #colab3? ? ? I'm confused...
Becoming very proud of my latest #PPC ad...
rumour has it lol and what makes you beautiful oh my god
How would you feel if your male boss wore a tank top, floods, and sandals to meet clients? He feels that when you do.
people have been too cruel to you to receive your forgiveness. you should NEVER speak to colton or alicia again-stay classy!
she is still a heroine.
you forgot punctuation!
hahaha so that must mean we all have bladder problems D: smh shoot my hat... (: hahaha
Hey chicas! Miss yall too! It's Fri night, cheers!
Her names Emma. She's 61. And she's says it's my bed time.. Well goodnight
remember? one of the dudes died in a car accident saving a child i think.
thank u! The March cover of AH&L is one of my all time favorites. Like pulling a beautiful jewelry box out of the mail pile
Well we are working hard in the cd. We finishin it up :D
my common phrase is "so who's going to pay for that..are you? That type of mindset doesn't work in an Individualistic culture"
We are located no more than half an hour away from airports and cultural hot spots in downtown Miami as well as Las Olas in Fort Lauderdale.
So I'm in Lawrence Central high-school above the ceiling. I hear scratching behind me, turn around, and what does my flashlight catch? Coon
Depending on the situation, disappearing can sometimes be beautiful.
I could be mistaken, but I think is not Jon Kyl's favorite conservative. #IntendedToStateThePainfullyObviousAndAnnoyingTruth!
I think I’m going to invest in buffalo wing flavored vodka.
Letting things go that don't mean any good to me so God can use me the way he wants to
Ah, we'll add it to our list.
CREEP ass
Can't wait until YOU follow me. ;)
We love boobies
I am going to make a Tiny Chat With Fans(:
Guess I'll go party it up with the bday kid later!
yeah, ignore me like you alwways do. i dont care
saw an unbelievable show at lpr by ... my head is still spinning from those video loops...
You know what they say about the second interviews? Those are the
Jim always has kinda looked like a Luke. It only seems fair.
I love Catching so much, it's unbelievable.
I caught half of it last night and had the same thought.
I love people like that
Yep. Still not a morning runner.
"Justin Give Us Jerry!" Alfredo: "CODE PURPLE, CODE PURPLE!" Scooter: "Please..no.." Pattie: "BIBLE QUOTES" Justin: "OH MY BELIEBERS."
what you got goin on?
Latin Perspective has added more material on its new web site www.latinperspective.net including links of over 100 Latin Jazz Musicians.
That I did not expect. =)
Happy Birthday!
my shit on pranked i love that show
WTB Older Starrett machinist tools - The Garage Journal Board - starrett tools
A Million girls could call me "UGLY" you think ima give a fuck ima still walk around like im dat nigga lol ^_^
going to be on radio in ATL tonight talking psychology of Athlets. Home field ect. Any good nuggets I will plug u and pregame
Come See Me Babe(;
Thanks for following - your blog is excellent!
Next time you go to Vegas... put me in your pocket. I feel like we would have fun there. Enjoy!
Papa Was a Rollin' Stone? Shout out to all the single mothers out there putting in double duty.
Have you heard?! ": Big news from the 2012 #HBCUawards where took home the award for best fine arts program!"
I could never stay of twitter if wanted too haha. :)
Its finally fall here in Phoenix...whoo hoo!!
Is anyone going to the event for the May Dugan center tonight? Someone just gave me a ticket...
Amusez-vous bien! RT Pure Barre Grand Opening tonight! See ya there!
Visited my grandpa in the hospital today... Love seeing him! Ready for him to get out
RT : hahaha So true....Obama just Glitter Bombed Mitt Romney today
Why thank you! We have a friend who's in France right now!
Eating fish is associated with reduced #cardiovascular risks and increased good health. The AHA recommends at least two servings a week.
Still waiting for that second chance..
option 2 in re to feeders+ some 7 to some revisions
Doesn't it hurt wearing clothes that tight?
i have a grand total of 2 phx fans on my timeline
M Hardesty worthy of a roster spot & monitor Hillis least till gametime?
#10ThingsThatAnnoyMe you, you, you, you, you,you,you,you,you,you
Vegas why you so hot?
I'm 17, and I still don't stick my legs off my bed in the dark. \m/
Nick Delpopolo will be participating! See the top competitors from the USA go head to head w/powerhouse teams from Canada, France & Germany
Went shopping with a pair of shoes on my feet, came out with 4 more! The price? $40 TOTAL! That's right.... Happy Early Birthday to me!
Lunching out with and
just left the doctor with a perscription that hopefully works.
"You are the light of the world - like a city on a hilltop that cannot be hidden." -Matthew 5:14 (NLT)
Coming soon, a new book on search marketing!!
Join a community that cares for kids and follow
So proud of
What do you think is the Best Men's & Women's "Rivalries" on "The ATP & WTA Tennis Tours?
That's three bar licenses for me! CA, MN & now DC!
you know a hell of alot more about the game than I do. Ive just Always love Kobe for some reason, not even the lakers as a whole
is the food good at Mexigo? Never been.
Nice view!
Come on mahomies lets get #SaySomethin to number 1!
you got this! make this semester your biznitch! :)
Have a great time...hope you enjoy your dinner!
I spilled coffee onto my white shirt twice today. Note to self: incorporate more brown into my wardrobe.
Jefferson was the manliest man prez this country had before teddy roosevelt.
Celebrating Chloe's fifth birthday at dinner with the fam, then gonna party later. <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+009D><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B8><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
Which team do you think BYU will be facing?
Meeting with Ralphe Armstrong, #Detroit Musician and guitar player behind Aretha Franklin.
1 more then i have 100 :D 400 to go ;D;D;D you can make it :D
yes, this is what the music industry has been missing...music needs a facelift and I am so happy to see it's rebirth.
Congratulations to and their newest members!
It's a really big problem with me. I need people to talk to, but I don't want to burden everyone, so I internalize and freak out.
"History is merely a list of surprises. It can only prepare us to be surprised yet again" -Kurt Vonnegut jr.
Denmark. They are pretty common over there. I have a couple of other tools as well.
: and I can meet up w/ you at tomorrow at 5pm. Let me know what's up!
'Justin Is Our King'
"Facebook? What's that all about? Sounds promising, though." - random man at subway
I'm hanging out in Thornblade tonight...thought of you! Hope all is well
I think we are all about keeping everyone's images current!
RT : Part 2 by BuildingMoxie will be out on Friday! The Bonus Round by Mr. HammerTime. < ha!
YAAAAARRRR Happy Talk like a Pirate Day mateys!!!!!
hes also Quincy McCall dad in love and basketball.
The squinted eyes mean "everything will be ok."
First fullback Brett Ellison of USC gets selected at 128. Many had UW's Bradie Ewing as top FB in draft, but he's still on the board.
So much jealousy.
He's no good girl, no good for you, you better get to gettin on your goodbye shoes
"Live daringly, boldly, fearlessly. Taste the relish to be found in competition - in having put forth the best within you."- Henry J. Kaiser
this airport feels like my second apartment
NP: - "Thinking About Forever"
intermissions are for the weak.
Dedication of the Shriners Hospital $74 million project completion today noon- 3 see you on the hill!
Whatever words we utter should be chosen with care, for people will hear them and be influenced by them for good or ill. -Buddha
If you have an hour to kill...I highly recommend checking out the press conference with Senator Kohl and John Hammond. Sports Business 101
Dear could you please be easier on me and make ur drawing less complex sincerely me
If you see me on the borough bus, the panel I'm carrying is from the Bruce Haldeman collection. "Winter Carnival" mini-exhibit expands!
RT Government employees in Azerbaijan are forced to buy tickets for Eurovision Song Contest.
I hope I get to see my girl tonight
What's Pujols' deal? why was he running in the whole time?
the folks of Brentwood are raising money for the Brentwood Park Initiative. A mention for them would be great!
#LONDONFOG is & a 2012 release date for this game changer.
It is a fun list, even if (especially because?) you don't agree with it.
thanks for stopping by the radio station Friday.how's that sugar rush.Good to meet you.see you soon.__SKY from K104.
A brand new Rubbish Zoo track is dangerously close to its premier.
#peoplelikeus will not get forward if we keep holding each other back childs...
Forgetting to put honey in your tea in the morning before school is just awful
yes I do cook:-)
how rocking would that be?
This is the sale with the incredible amount of jewelry I keep mentioning - fine, costume, semi-precious, Victorian - you name it! ;)
QUESTION - What's your favorite kind of shampoo / conditioner??
he plays 27 minutes a game, puts 12 points up, almost 2 steals, 4 rebounds. Puts a playmaker, instant spark on offense.
don't have the money
just once i would like to be able to have more than 20 minutes to do something.
hope you have a blast!
I'll reserve you some field time....batting cages too...
my car looks like a golf ball after last nights hail storm. anyone else?
So why does March have to "come in like a lion and go out like a lamb"? Lambs are probably good both ways, right?
We know damn well if the Social Security fund was near bankruptcy, the robber barons wouldn't want access. That fund is worth trillions.
Tip of the day:
Okay - so just type "#MDAtelethon" in my tweets - no need for "@"?
Going to 's house after school. #bestfriendtime!
And it's a game at half... Watching at Westwood Brewing Company w/ the infamous &
“: Might be going to the colts packers game! #woohoo” Me too!!
where to you get all these special symbols?
take 3 minutes and call your radio station and ask to play 11:11 by !! It was my friend who made the suggestion of radio!!
Schlomann clarifying only T1 schools eligible for AYP sanction of "choice" if they don't make AYP.
Parking in the professors parking lot Because i feel like it.
you're getting a giant hug the next time I see you
How are us?
happy mother's day! <U+E057>
Can you provide an example of how your categories are organized?
I consolidated all the hats into a hat drawer and I feel pretty good about that
LOLOLOLOL. It's fucking catchy bro!
Were you serious about picking me up today??
Wasnt talking about her, it was someone else!.Then this aquantance came to the table and said, is he talking bout the girl with the hair?>>
The 56th annual banquet is set for Friday, April 20. Who will win MVP and best defensive player? And why?
I want my kid. I don't know what to do. I'm afraid to live here. Sorry I didn't re-up my Max ticket---previous warning? No--why my ID?
Enjoying my coffee. Just had a yummy and buttery toastie.
<U+200E>..so we (Producers/ /myself) have decided that we will be making a SAG production. What does this mean?
loved your draft story!!!
I wish there was a way for Tumblr users to follow wordpress blogs, etc. Or, everyone just join Tumblr so I can keep up with your content!
"He was helpful and friendly and took care of my concerns immediately. Kudos to Dan and the entire staff at Car Crafters. "
THX for following #Boston Worst. Ask #SEO #Boston why they won't #hire people 40 yrs of age or older for #sales #jobs?
We have introduced printing cards DL flyers and calendars, will be available through OnDemand soon. Let us know if you are interested.
Yes we can give you a discount. Send an e-mail to and we'll work something out.
I saw ads for it before Xmas and I've been waiting impatiently. Next it was to be early 2012. I'll hold out for summer!
Christmas means to me birth Christ in the world love giving and helping the poor
Happy Cinco de Mayo!!! Come and get some cupcakes!
will do
Yeah! Push it!
Ah, Your Mayor photographs so well! Thanks.
lol man Noo don't sleep on it lets bring that new flava lol
Thanks for the RT!
": you still got those models?" Yea I do.
Yes, she's a tasteful cupcake, not like Katy Perry... LOL
prove it.
Haze and red berry on deck for tommor night <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Just chillin with my sista paulina, she's not really my sister but were close :D
What if?
That was the most crazy date I've ever been on. Girl got wasted and brought no cash. I don't like being used.
The Original 7 yep!! Blessed to see all of u
We'll probably play in phx very soon!
As we express our gratitude, we must never forget that the highest appreciation is not to utter words, but to live by them. John F. Kennedy
F.L.Y. ~ First Love Yourself
I will always listen to the little people if I ever became famous, they would be the people paying my bills and being my fans.
and you may ask yourself...
could we interview you?
sounds like a trip through pittsburgh
Follow 4 a follow back? LEGGOOO!!!
All bundled up for Winter Lantern Festival . Bring on the snow!
Nice wrap-around on the Zeller interview
We're OPEN! All day! All night!
tees, and designer denim sizes 34-38. Also, possibly glasses, wallets, and other accessories.
Enjoy your day as well. Keep up the great work.
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter I Was Hoping It Wasn't Like Facebook...
Star 101.3’s Jingle Ball Featuring #Daughtry is this Friday at the Nob Hill Masonic Center from 8pm
Trying Americano in Bratenahl for the first time next week. Have you been? What did you like/not like?
I had one more than I should have, just for you
oh yes!!! Must!
I'm posting in on eljay, the 64-squared series. Main landing page has through chapter 6, new chapter up tonight or tomorrow.
That will make a lot of ladies happy. Isn't that right & ? Hahaha
study by sez among best at framing pitches. MT : Jose Molina involved in another controversial called strike? Pattern
Its been raining for the past 2 weeks.
Damn you're fucking up.
N anger management class
No, I've never seen it live. I'm sure it was awesome! :) P.S. I like your pic.
Also Hosted by
Getting to use my mandoline makes putting this potato gratin together exponentially more fun.
two baby canaries born this morning and our first rattlesnake spotting for this season. happy may day!
Take a deep breath and hang in there.
did a whole history of the station when we turned 50..parts of it on you-tube
and terrifying!
You know what would go great with the OU-FSU game? Our delivered pizza. Try our Buffalo Chicken or Polish. 521-9800.
Knowing you're going to the gym but still eat McDonalds
Thank you for coming!
I'm diggin' your collar bones beeeezy.
I will be traveling to NYC tonight to do more Jersey Shoresical!
Being a #LEO make me feel like ima turn into a lion and end up in hell if I dont slow down
“: Applying a cotton ball soaked in white vinegar to a fresh bruise can help reduce the darkness.”
You're quite welcome.
Hey! Will you post your weekly cable ratings? (Cable top 25) Or is it delayed because of Labor Day?
THE CLOSER DID SUCH A SHIT JOB OMG CARTS WHERE TOUCHING LOLOLOLOLOL FUCKKKK ME
Been a good exchange, VMo. Let's continue off line. Don't want the Twittersphere to think we're putting each other on blast!!!
:D I luff you Ricky the blue berry<3 ps don't hurt me lol
I've been searching for everyday Syrah. Just ordered a six pack. Hoping it's a 10 for me!
Watched #UFConFOX for the first time with on Sat night. 1) this is on network TV? 2) why watch anything else
is a week away from it's first sneak peek.
Unknown~ Real solutions are discovered only where they actually exist Within the individuals own essence.
Printed poly shipping bags for so even on rainy days like today you get your tees clean and dry.
Planning the next version of FlashCards++. What do you think are the most important aspects of an iPhone flash card app?
We have just been endorsed by Univerisity of Nebraska medical center
Twitter can't handle how much I have to say about this, so I'm sending you an email. :)
3 nights in a row - loved every delicious sip and bite. World-class all around. Kudos to Laura and her amazing team!
you're so good to me. :) better be soon
stop tweet watching <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0080>
you know I'd rather be covered in spray paint. That would Make me more colorful.......
Landon Donovan (USA) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Sun is out in the U-Ridge area. Could these guys -- -- be so lucky
In Florida, for instance, you can have a whole section (huge!) of Cypress woods that an entire Interstate has built AROUND
Why couldn't we have no school today its so nice out :-)
have fun with the coffee hippies
Yay one of my roommates is cool!
Thanks so much for the RT!
your twitter name is hilarious :)
your twitter mama here to say hello I am alive again!!
Someday I will learn to spell sheriff. Someday I will learn to spell sheriff. Someday I will learn to spell sheriff.
who want a shoutout from and must be following us???
Have a good trip buddy safe flight!
that you might be willing to free your account handle to me? I would appreciate it greatly! Please let me know. Thank you!
Nice Deal...thanks for sharing.
Determined to learn how to do fishtail braid!! YouTube tutorials <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
yes! I think they're great. Glad you're going too!!
hell no. Lol
what's your instagram??
I sip cris, you drink piss...
Happy Earth Day Everyone!
Whenever I see something retweeted by , I think he's screaming his name since it's in all caps.
just got an awesome email from a total stranger that 100% made my morning. I now feel like I can face this crazy day. Well, almost.
doing good - glad it's Friday :) Lunch soon?
16 hours?! That's when u cab it back to the strip!
a vent text about slut shaming turned into a piece, then an essay, then a ramble. now it's a mess. evolution 101, man.
Lol more then you already do
i got a thick tougue briming with the words that go unsung... briming and a burnng for sumone..... THE WRONG ONE
sometimes it's not where you're going, it's who you're with.
Were they going for like a pig in a blanket kinda deal? That is the only way I could see it working.
Hey, if you're with me, you're with me! I love support and interaction!
If this pile of demos on my desk is any indication, please oh please tell me "nu metal" isn't attempting a comeback.
thank you!
PLU is not an abbreviation crossword.
congrats on Newbery com!
#2ThingsIAppreciate an old wine and a good friend
Ha, textbook! RT : Accelerando/deccelerando on a single pitch.
coo coo cajoo or goo goo gajoo
Im eating a cookie in my bed playing scramble
where u at girlie how was school
At legislature waiting with our CEO to testify on house bill 1238-early literacy. Gove testified in favor of the bill!
Goin fishing friday!
Thank you so much for following (:
staying still and waiting patiently
Happy Easter/Passover! Hope everyone is enjoying this gorgeous day whatever you celebrate!
Summer is calling our name. Let's see wtf the world will get in this year.
Late one. I try to avoid these, but it isn't always possible.
i got a spare ticket to Sheer Terror tonight, if anyone is interested in some old timey NY Hardcore
thanks to my life will never be the same.
MT : really that hard to understand? Bags are bad for river. Either don't use one, or if you do, pay to defray cost of cleanup
Benedict Cumberbatch, in the Library, with a wrench.
Ready for Sunday, but im nervous I cant stop thinking about that feeling after that NFCCG in '07...
“ with her decaying teeth & nails?!?! *gets on knees* lol.” Lmaoo look She Just goin threw it right now.
yeah I don't even think she works at the school and um you were sitting next to me the hole time
So the NFL Draft is about 3 hours away. Who do you want your team to take in the 1st round?
Good things coming my way
my buddy Dr. Mike Mersol's Egg Bank in MI will be on Fox national news tonight! Big helpers of young adults with cancer re: fertility!!! :)
SOMETIMES DA ONLY WAY TEW SUCCESSES IS TEW GT OT YO COMFORT ZONE.MEANING IT COULD B RELATIONSHIP WISE.FAMILY OR FRIENDS
females be expecting me to change my ways JUST for them -_-
Thanks for your valuable updates on this tragic event. Tuning in now to the press conference.
Mobility = Having access to applications whenever, and from wherever it makes sense.
shutup. You so sensitive!
She obviously has a thing for costars.
I know haa youthink ive given up hope? nope 6 years and i still have hope to meet him, i WILL meet him one day, because i just love
always getting in trouble..;)
Hold on, I'll try to find it
Don't prioritize your schedule... schedule your priorities.
You can't be my friend and not my ally. Omg why don't people get this? Why would you even want to be one and not the other?
Congrat's to Josh Romero for winning the Quad Pro in Hobbs and to Levi and Logan Kenney for winning the mini quad classes...way to go guys!
Oh, I'm excited for your new website!
I have a right to choose.I choose to trust the Lord today. I can't worry about tomorrow, but I can trust the Lord. Thxs pastor
How much can someone take till they break?
Do you mind if you could give me just one tweet on how your spirituality played a role in you college athletic career?
I hope I'll get to see him on his birthday :D
. and I just booked our trip to NYC. Your suggestions of things to do/places to eat are welcome and appreciated!
will media say "it's just Ozzie being Ozzie"? Or will he be held responsible for the stupid comments that he made? Will he stay?
Might be storming here soon!! Love it!!! :)
that's ridiculous.
go to your e mail and accept the invitation. That way I can load your roster g
When Ppl R Well Into Doubtin You, Datz When U Do Somethin 2 Make Em Believe..
Tomorrow is Lunch with TED at noon at the space! Last one of 2011! Hope to see you there
Just saw 'Metal Evolution' on VH1, the "Pre-Metal" episode! Asking Iggy Pop what he thinks of Jazz, is like asking an idiot about Einstein!
#icantbreathe when your touching me #icantbreathe when your kissing me I suffocate when your away from me so much love you gave to me..
Gonna need that free Slurpee.
Oh what the hell
She is ideed :) RT : r u the real Emily procter
Well balls the rapture didn't happen...back to the job search
Helping my daughter fill out her med form b4 going to the obgyn 4 1st time. "How do I know if I have PMS?" Just check YES.
Anyone cook with fennel pollen? I just harvested some.
I went Vincent Jackson over Demaryius Thomas but it doesn't matter. Stafford, Megatron, Shady & Aaron Hernandez put me in the Super Bowl!!
Get an extra 10% OFF your order when you use RepCode: BLAZE1UP at checkout!
Traveling heightens the sense of time differences. I can't look at the time without trying to calculate what time it is for everyone I know.
No but maybe soon. I do belong to a great SAHM moms club though. most of us are in/ moving into mops territory now
COME BACK INTO MY LIFE
Huge congrats to !!! Next week is gonna be insane!
da studio beats got the most bass out of all the beats, mine are really on point
Will Blackout be the last we see of the NewFlesh characters?
I miss him so much, hopefully we get to hangout this weekend. (:
Wow I was just there we should have gone together -_-
: says there's a heat wave headed our way. You know what that means: Beach time!!
you've been napping for months. Zing!
: anxiety? It freaking blows and I don't have medicine to help it./:
k fasho i'm bout to email it to u in a minuet let me know what u think
“: Got an opinion about something? Give props and drops to them on www.socialsmack.com. It's fun!”. Thanks for the Props!!
I'm crying in Applebees
A blast from the past, listening to Friday, by Ice Cube.
The more the merrier! Email mffvolunteers at gmail dot com to sign up and get details.
so true, you just tear her apart!
babys are so cute but once they start drooling on you youre just like alright... get this baby away from me... lol
Every so often I give in and play with one of them, like a cat with a mouse <evil grin>
can't wait to hang out with my friends tomorrow! :)
good morning everyone :)
yes, yes it does
Latest on Newt's moon-base: Newt reveals that Callista suffers from space sickness. Plans to leave her; asks for Heidi Klum's digits.
Going to Europe!!!
#DellWorld Cloud isn't just about saving money. It's about disruption — an opportunity to rethink business.
what you gone do with it?
I love having a convertible! Finally I can tan properly in my car...
www.purevolume.com go look who's on the homepage!!!!! SO COOL!!!!
you aren't the real 1D why do people follow you?
Twitter apologies aren't gonna cut it bro...Too impersonal.
I just sent a nice email to a nice professor I had over two years ago, I hope she appreciates it. Or at least doesn't think I'm too weird.
remember when we used to listen to Adele before she was a million-time Grammy winner? Haha
#FF "from fairest creatures we desire increase"
It would be close. I'm about 6' with heals on. Maybe 6'1" with my 70s platform sandals. :P
follow me?<3
Don't you hate it when you have so much on you're mind that you just want to run away from it all?
back in the fighting discrimination business this week! and business be ... (see )
Shout out to my new friend check him out!!! :))
Could be te way you're viewing your inbox, just below the Archive/Spam/Del should be the mini-menu for Classic/Important First...
When will the GOP stop lying?
Hello Jola, Thank you..Great site!!!
High as hell watching wicked tuna. -_-
Ok, #atx is awesome! Everyone should come check it out.
what time is it over there?
on independent community-based archives
yes the wild west train. We've been all day. the bandit did get my kid to listen. So that's a good thing
Thanks for the #FF last week. Have a great weekend this week. :)
you will be okay
How have I not discovered until now? #GF and #vegan pizza? I'm there. cc
I couldn't be any happier with you (:
I should be asleep.
I'll be there to heckle !! That's worth something right? Haha jk spates
sound system is up and running
My tummy is LOUD today!!!!!!
What doesn't kills you makes you stronger !
where did that mack truck go that ran over my head?
A snowstorm will hit the NE today while Denver makes it up to 83 degrees?!? No complaints.
16. I Love to sing ;)))), even if it doesnt sound good i'll sing anyways ;p
what's good kizzle?
October 17 big day for AEBP: Whole Foods bowl painting at 10am and online volunteer sign up open to public!
#quoteoftheday Pain is temporary...Pride is FOREVER. Never sell yourself short..
Looking forward to Monday and getting the Harpoon brewers in here to brew with our customers!
Check your DMs.
Dear Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez, you guys are so Naughty
$25 gel shellac manicure
Texas is on fire? I thought Rick Perry got 40k people to pray for god's answer. I guess the answer was "fuck you?"
Sure every other day I bring a jacket it's hot but the one day I don't it's flipping cold outside!!!
I buy boxers but, balls won't fit.
watching brides maids with momma bear. c:
Looking forward to seeing many old friends and colleagues at MLS execs meeting, 3:00 Eastern at
lol I know but I was too lazy to go get my retainer out of my purse lol I already lost them once I had to pay 150 or 130
#FF Band members Follow us we will follow back!
Damn it feels good to be a gangsta
Watching some softball ... It's life
Obligatory #shieldsysmancrush RT : Two-run homer by Ibanez off #Rays Shields on a fly ball to RF
sarcasm is hard to convey through text.
Um hum " My question is how to find community when scholars persistently define rigor as snarky combativeness. #nitlesym"
well how have you been?
I'm going to cry. Holy shit. It's not just the brakes.
No, there's no pre-req for next weekend's class.
Middle finger up to the sky
Ha, yeah I haven't gotten one in a while though so I'm pretty excited for today
haha twins! forever alone people reunite! :)
We're working on it. Negotiations with the syndicator.
And Gamel is going to be a stud. That is all :)
YEAH BREWERS!!!! What a finish!!! 5-4 Brewers win!
Happy Thanksgiving... we're thankful for all of you!
Good night gracey! Phew, I'm worn out! Have high hopes for tomorrow! Thinking an early morning ride to get things going!
dude. I stand by my #socksnsandals. So comfy. I'd wear those bitches to the bar. And you know I have
I'm doin my thing , you should b doin you .
I wanna move to California. <3
- I can't get church to show up today :( Help!
and i'll never get that hour back
Learned today that most toddlers dont like jalapenos, but mine does
I just pray that I get this other job I've applied for....
Into the lion's den! #Fulbrightenrichment Democratic candidate faces boos at Republican plenary, but quiets crowd saying we're all Americans
I tell her grab them ankle you remember gym class stretches
You are far most kind, Brigitte!
aw bummer!
BOSS LIKE LEIA! ROCK ON! ROCK ON
they are one of my favorite bands :)
Come to the liberry to do writing, pendrive gone, having coughing fit. I am awesome
I plan for this summer to be full of good times with friends, family, and especially the boyfriend! :)
“: Post with a pretty dirty crew roman suhs and eric lilleboe” Lillebiiiiiiiayyyyyyye
love the #SFGiants. Does that count?
yup lol RT : Men tend to over report the number of sexual partners they've had.
Doubt Shed on a Chris Christie About Face Related to Internet Gambling
You're a Hobbit fan? Do you also read Runelords? They're creating that a film too. Vote for actors
Thanks for sharing my post on getting your company to use social media!
What's wrong with my Twitter? It still says I'm following 2001 people when I'm pretty positive is way much more than that. Cunt.
this observation supports the need for IM and FB reference librarians.
You're welcome!
Challenge Preview! Get ready Chispites. Tomorrow we will be announcing our next Chispa Challenge. Lets just say, there is wine and food...
and he's a super nice guy.
Since won't be uploading today, I'll just be waiting for to upload.
Masturbation or a career?
Sweat it off
Hope things are going well at camp! Heard Sunday was a success all around. Looking forward to catching-up!
Cafe 300 at the FFL will close at 3pm today, in preparation of our Volunteer Dessert Reception at 4pm. Thank you to all FFL volunteers -...
hhahahahahahahah.... anytime i see the lyrics to that song typed-out, i die. so ridiculous.
No fair. I felt great this morning & then BAM. Guess it's time to break out the
I wish common sense was more common.
your lips say no but your hips say yes.
Never mind, guys...
i know. i only did up to 25 tho. i think there is 36
Uhh so is it thursday yet??
bring me some!!
Cisco network eng, SW Lab Engineer, Network Manager, Java/J2EE developer, Application Developer & more! Interested? vmedellin…
Don't mistaken friendly for flirting....That's how you get your feelings hurt.
From me? :) It's from a shirt I made in 2009 that became super popular in 2011. GO ADD!!!
Fireworks!!!:P
we talk about them all the time!
BROADWAY BAR TONIGHT...$1 MARGARITAS ALL NIGHT!!!
where r u?
You must go out I demand it.
Karma is like 69... You get, what you give
Don't think it's jus rapid fire...
It is still #FixALeak week. Make sure to get that leak fixed, don't let it keep you up all night long
It always has been before........
Pretty sure three of my classes next semester are gonna have like 5-10 people in it.
Taco Bell didn't run out of food tonight!
you should go sleep
The State Tourney begins in approximately 24 hours. Let the countdown begin.
I'm Holding On To You , Cuz This Might Be Our Last Night. -
Huffin like a puffin.
Nice to be out eatin and Drinkin on the patio tonight. Billy Boy Brad spinnin the records tonight at 9. JC
: Good morning! Please Follow Me back<3(:
Artists drop First Friday sales - Las Vegas Review - Journal
Today's Sandwich: Turkey & provolone on a baguette with lettuce, tomato and dill shallot mayo....served with a cup of soup....$6.95
I've had the most luck with leafy greens. Esp. kale & collards.
i hate when people play around with my money..........ITS not a game
just finished at the hotel bar...now to Biscuits and Blues.
Warroad defeats Red Wing 5-2 in the Class A third place game to get the day started. Championship game starts around 12:15 p.m.
HI... I am getting ready to write a post with resource links. I will let you know when I get it done. Hope next weekend!
Back to GRINDING
The only good thing about all this rain is I get to sit around and ponder the implications of ONIX.
HA! Nope, the girls are his fav ;)
I am not inspired by inspirational claptrap.
Blessings to all today and always
Thanks, Michael!! :-) Happy Friday!
ha! the crazy thing is, we ran out of milk...AGAIN.
I wonder why it is that so called 'genre-defying' artists defy anything but their press, making New York(er)and Times be the defining force.
Talk about redemption
I couldnt talk to ANYONE today cause my voice was gone and it drove me nuts! Now im watchin utube vids.(:
Put up our posters in Lincoln Square last night. Looking for a second guitar player and drummer.
Sixers over the Celtics early in the fourth. Okay, let's see what these millionaires are going to do... #POPCORN (without any flavor)
Mind-bottling
Listening to Casey Eberhart speaking about Gary Vaynerchuk
PSA for local businesses: you'd better make sure you're listed in Google Maps, because that's where I go to find you.
I want a ticket oak
where is 3rd of august when we need it.~~~~.
“: I think I coulda made ESPN top ten. Lol” HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!!
tks for sharing that!
The vintage cam operator needs a better tripod STAT..they are ShAkEy
#know12 With legacy systems and application sprawl, need ONE set of processes, nomenclature, etc. Seen orgs with 100+ such systems!
Know that God can and God will. Stretch out on Him, and believe Him for what you need.
Can't wait to see some amazing Senior recital performances this weekend and to sing Big Bright Beautiful World with an
Hey Alex(:
On the #Planet Zigra the fish eat People. The Zigra Seijins must hate #Detroit. We eat a lot of #fish here.
Idec that the played MJ and Bruno, MAKING ME SIT FOR AN HOUR IN THAT FUCKING CHAIR IS UNREASONABLE UGH
*_* life lesson
In the U of California system 2009 that is....
tomorrow you will be hearing my mouth
thats gotta be awkward as hell
its one thing when the news breaks.....its another thing when you continue to argue aginst the NCAA's finding
Me ": Who trying to go out to eat deaux my treat !!"
Next year at this time I'll be planning my trip to travel #Europe for 3 weeks! #CanNotWait That will be a huge item off the
- Thanks for adding us to your list - /attorneys-lawyers. Have a fun-filled Memorial Day
Join us on August 1st from 7-9pm for our unforgettable wine dinner! Only $75 for a 6 course fare and 6 different wines.
#ff - used to be the best overnight in L.A. Now just the best, period.
EARLY BIRD OFFER til Aug 31!10% off The Green Economy and Its Implementation in China from www.enrichprofessional.com with code: HKBFEPP2011
normally a pro v1 guy, but use Nike blades for clubs, pulled out a Nike ball last year and smacked a hole in 1..never looked back
Like I've always said, love wouldn't be blind if the braille weren't so damned much fun.
great offensive game today Francisco, Hopefully life has been treating you well and hope to see in the Major very soon
The #TSA security guy at the #airport asked me if I had any weapons. I replied: "What do you need?"
tupac would have been 40 today!! How old would is ? (;
explain to me then this guy in full camo. Hat, shorts shirt.....i cant see his shoes
Awesome! See you at the Flea!
You lost yo phone
why do i even try, i try to be happy but i am depressed, and no one will listen to me, any advise...?
I'm going to answer that question in the next video. Someone did ask it & I wrote it down :)
ADM Mike Mullen: The USA has moved from controlling situations to influencing the situation.
ALREADY !! YOU ARE WELCOMED!!
I agree 100 percent...
Follow me please :D.
can i just meet them already, then when im sad i can just think about the time that i met them and be happy
Take your time when working out, a slower push will wield better results
Show tonight at the 7 venue at 7pm! hope to see you there!
Ha ha ha ya when we travle and come back home again our animals all look the same way!!
and being a fat junkie must have been tough. I thought they were thin! How unusual
I can't figure out why IKEA wants to check out Iran's nuclear program.
Wasn't #wmata supposed to have AT&T service everywhere by 2009? Guess I'll take 3 years late over never...
I think that trending topic #BlackMamaQuotes is funnier if you read it as #BlackMambaQuotes (as in Kobe Bryant).
where would I be able to find your product here in the SD area? Thanks!
too much knowledge won't stop you from getting to college
this guy tried to sell me a steel mace for 75 gold. Last time I checked a mace was made from steel and wood. Its not the Axe of Whiterun.
Yes. I have a great idea for an app for Fremont Fest coming up. Can we chat more?
Nap time. Playing in the sun all day makes me sleepy
RT I want you to come speak at Zillow Speaker Series. You'd be in great company! Please?
Joe Adams, Arkansas, in Rd 2. Playmaker. Get him the ball and let him do work!
I'd add libraries to this, too. MT Grantmakers want to help your #nonprofit succeed. Learn how to partner w/ one.
will be at The Loft at 9 today. Will you be there?
How bout that #ff ;)
Heading to to set up for the #hallofhonor tonight. Looking forward to it!
Post marathon relay treating ourselves to dinner, drinks and maybe just maybe some karaoke.
I think that shabbir jubaer(fuck what kind of name is it) has frnds here n he is try to b cool infront of them..
you gotta laugh or else it will make you cry
im up! ((: replying as in tweeting me back & maybe following me ? <U+2665>
Don't get me wrong I luv dat shit Na, But how do u ladies fit such Big Ass Booty's into such Little Ass Jeans lol!
Bad extensions. Fake Louis. Bad lip injections. Fake tan. Shit shows do happen this early in the am.
that's when Chevy Chase was still funny, altho is work on Community is pretty awesome
Now that Obama has gotten us into our third war, does he have to give his Peace Prize back?
David Antin's TUNING is so good.
#SwagTeam Til I Die. I Love My Team/Girls.
i made my username alexgaskarth on the we are the in crowd chat and everyones asking me if i'm the real alex.
The Hangover is on TBS is on MTV. itts a good bight
Might do something I will regret later, god be with me..
Ya know..I just have to say...us as mothers...we're freakin awesome *walks off timeline*
KFC sounds good right now..
Sorry to see you go. No one covers education like you do. A huge loss to community.
Thanks so much for your RTs. You're helping spread good words around Cleveland. :) Let' donate!
what test
RT : Treat the one you love right, or someone else will.
Ok, if you visited the island of St. Lucia, tweet me!
Love Real Sports interviews with Joe Maddon, and Alex Zanardi.
what's that lol
I got on my soapbox a little later! Haha.
enter the realm of the crow...
your new set is amazing and offers heartfelt warmth of which Donald Trump knows nothing of..
leaving the hero angry and agitated before meeting heroine so I can pick up the writing from a fun place tomorrow. #amwriting Night kids :)
but friday i am going in to track an tune with P. Colley. maybe version 347 of this one song. sheesh.
going to Pullman today?
Thanks for being so nice to me on the show! I've even got messages from people on here I don't know for me to call back, lol!
I'm checking out the "new" twitter... kinda like it.
now in the final 24 hours of the semester. girlfriend asked me to not sleep at school, which I won't -- I'll just be awake all night
"He visited The Constitution [newspaper] & received a line from the new typesetting machines..." How high tech!
Just txt'd "I wanna hear about Beirut" & autocorrect heard "I wanna hear about vapidity"
I refuse to follow my girlfriend until she proves she can go 1 night without raging on twitter and proclaiming her drunk state
Our band is almost half UCSD grads and half SDSU grads... wow
show 'em who's boss!
lol he always does that
To my big cuz, aka "Dredizzle" "big bird" "Dre Day" (lol) and on of my BEST friends.. HAPPY HAPPY BIRTHDAY !! Love u cuz!!
its my birthday finally
Always here to help with beauty advice for ya! ;)
kidding im hyper af im never sleeping tonight
<3 what this this is about! Best of luck to you, and that's awesome you're so motivated! :)
I can't get my damn cover photo changed =(
YOU had to drive a hearse??? Was it scary?
Oh yeah...hockey player...I knew that! (Not.)
So, doesn't love me anymore. D:
Sex? No thanks my life fucks me everyday..
"To you, [God], they cried and were rescued; in you they trusted and were not put to shame. - Psalm 22:5" GBY Go Broncos..!!!
25 more views till 1,000 on my video for robert
OHH MAHH GOD I HATE AT&T THEY MESSED UP MAH FAMILYS INTERNET...I GOTTA WALK AROUND THE BLOCK JUST TO USE MAHH PHONE
In my job it's hard to balance content creation and thinking about audience and biz and reach. Dan Blank helping that process.
REMINDER #alamw12 folks: #WrapUpRevUp raffle drop boxes located in Exhibits at back of 900 aisle & 2200 aisle. Get your entry in to win!
It seems I've given all my rats' asses.
Lohan To Play Liz Taylor In TV Movie - My Fox Boston
best compliment ever :D
I know! Very traumatic upbringing!
1929 ad for the N Ave Market in #Baltimore. So wish this market still existed.
Thanks for the intro! Stacey, I'd love to chat with you.
lol! That's all I drank in high school!
no i didn't but teacher told me that i am if you keep missing . so i was practicing it with liz ! :/
Frances: the 3 most important words in indexing? "it all depends" hahaha.
Red Mile is going hard tonight for our last member turning 21 welcome to the club
me too. Apparently there were about 40 people that auditioned.
Keep moving forward...
Start with - "What do u do?". End with - "So how can I help u?"
Lots of ideas floating around in my head this week. Gotta capture them with a net.
Everyone did GREAT today , So proud of you all .Dance Intensives Day 2 Tommorow , Rest it up !
Ask me next year. ha!
Having a good time at damiens first bday party
I know. but still when I get mine I'll give her the guitar lol spend my money on it so I'll have to earn for mine again xD
It was perfect! I'm shooting for running RnR SD full.. but am behind in training. Will @ least do the half. Miss u out here!
Inspired by I have been sharpening my Bride of Pinbot skills. Finally hit the Big Wheel --> Heart Ramp billion point shot today!
Packed up and headed home #seeyoulater SU
The song from the movie 1408 just came on the radio. I'm fucked : /
jus got home from thu park
#ParaskavedekatriaphobiaSufferers: Welcome to Saturday the 14th.
Off to serve lunch! Woot!
ultra zone'n... been there? still there... comprendé?
Not to parse words, but aren't AHL and ECHL *minor* leagues?
Loving the new Final Cut Pro X as compared to Final Cut Express. Out with the old and in with the new for 2012. Fabulous!!!
Poll of the day: which movie- ATL or Get rich or die tryin? Respect to TI, but 50 killed it.."show no love, love'll get you killed"
Thanks. So glad to hear you enjoyed it. JCB is great.
requesting prose on the awesomeness of beer instead of gas industry news please.
Our lives are not determined by what happens to us, but by how we react to what happens. --Unknown
"Power resides only where men believe it resides" -George RR Martin
Cru De Gra line ups are on our blog
It's FUTURE DAY
Samsung galaxy nexus. Phone and built-in apps are decent. Everything else is a hodgepodge of UI sadness.
Thanx for the follow!
proposed LICE 2010 tagline --"Scratch your itch for knowledge!"
followed babe
Got my crossbow. Heading out into the woods to hunt down some eggs.
now in assessing outcomes of public scholarship session.
On My Way To My Test Shoot<U+30C4>
DID YOU OPEN IT
springbreak can't come soon enough
I do but with my new job it's nice to know I'm not missing out on his tweets. Thank goodness~
Kobe gave Justin Timberlake a high five after he hit that shot.
In #Orioles lockeroom looking for professor
shocked the didnt use 3rd rd. on OL. Any other plan they have for that area you know of?
I forgot my belt and my power cardigan. My powdigan.
Off to St. Francis to use my personal gym. High School feels like yesterday
Interesting week. Through psych testing, I caught 2 people lying and discovered 1 person I thought was lying was actually telling the truth.
Q3) How does Viralheat work for different business sizes?...
Thank you Miami for finally playing some defense
In the mood for lunch or b'fast food? Try Toasted Cheese Sandwich w/ tomato soup, Tuna Salad Sandwich or Smoked Salmon & Asparagus Omelette!
Me: The dog smells My wife: [silence] Me: Is it my socks? My wife: [nods]
having some cab from Chile, reminded me of you
Miley Cyrus<3
Why da fuq are you always making things about yourself? its super annoying
There's still some for Dynamo vs Valencia though.
Sweet. Enjoy.
What is the exact number of the station so i can find It on tune in radio app?
Great conversation on #innovation in #development at "Elements of innovation are before our eyes" -O'Neill
you es a tool
Was it everything you thought it would be?
whether you like you Beckett or not, his value to the or if he was ever traded is to pitch well
I call her Dearie now, from time to time. It's so funny watching her watch it; she get's so into it.
If this past week with my boyfriend has taught me anything, its that male puppies are too much work!!
Thank you to everyone who came out to the mascot auditions today and to for hosting us!
fuck you, fuck you, fuck you, your cool, and fuck you im out!
I just really love you. Alot
Im seriously so lucky to have I feel bad for every other girl because they dont have him.
what you meant is that's not a good look. Ok im done.
RT : HELP! One of our most beautiful (and most expensive) pieces was stolen tonight! Sometime after 11:30pm. Please......
I'm so late, but aw.
Yes. It should say peel in the corner if I remember right.
just saw U on the ESPN Jim Irsay piece U looked great my brother!!!!
You're a funny man. Oh...and blame it on the dog. Always works.
I'm a wreck, man.
We got San Diego, El Cajon Valley and Ramona High School basketball repin on campus today.
Yeah I know it
Spanish better be crazy tomorrow
Thanks for the Habi-Love
Like don't trash talk them, i love & , unnecessary for them to get mad like grow up! -_-
just got a new phone without any numbers, so text me your name or hmu on twitter.
find us on ! follow us at so we can share yoga pix!
Clickbank Secret - Clickbank Wealth Fortune Formula
I need a twitter fan page
such a great store!
It's raining, but the is dry! great engineering !!!
I sometimes say instragram when i mean instapaper. we just need one more insta-product
are u almost off work... I'm starving
PatriotCast has learned that a soldier from Rhode Island has defected and leaked plans of a Dec 27th attack on Quebec, CN.
Good guess! Stay tuned and check out next Thursday to find out if you're right!
thanks bro
i love him.
going to the art store, don't understand why twitter is fun
Now that's a bad ass voice the girl can sang!
“L'habit ne fait pas le moine.” - The dress doesn't make the monk, (or You can’t judge a book by its cover.)
Sometimes the weirdness of Venice moves north to Santa Monica... Today being an example :)
Should every University offer every Major? Is that realistic?
SHdc launching soon, are you are an up and coming or seasoned poker player? Want to have your story told? Let us know!
I confess....my new obsession is Wilfred. So shoot me. It's a human-dog! Who doesn't love a human-dog?!
All I wanna know is sexy can I?!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
But I can see how some might be confused.
I really need to get back to using Twitter. Sorry folks. What did I miss? #soctweets ( I'm stealing your tweet.)
I know how you feel. :/
Sometimes, when you give up on someone, it’s not because you don’t care anymore. It's because you realize that they don’t.
At the studio working on some photos.
right?! Hes not gay They say it cause they're jealous. Deep down inside, they want him. They can deny it all they want too!
The perils of tweeting while being a Philadelphia sports fan
what was the prank?!(;
Oh I kind of liked it, but it was thoroughly ridiculous.
RT Student never told parents they were studying abroad- guess who got an angry phone call once they got the bill. HILARIOUS
ill just keep acting like its not bothering me, when its actually killing me..
I hope you are on Zinc Bistro's patio. It is beautiful!
These books are available: DAY HIKING OREGON COAST DAY HIKING OLYMPIC PENINSULA DAY HIKING NORTH CASCADES DAY HIKING MOUNT RAINIER
"oh kidneys." expressions of exasperation from
Good question on : If you're a parent today would you let your kid play football?
you live in palm coast? do i know you?
Thanks for your answer and link to Ryan's blog. Answered all my Q's.Onwards to Gale!
#SAVETHEDATE the #URI Film/Media Program is hosting a free & public student film screening event FEB 21 7pm in Swan Hall screening room, 304
# Yes we are full service from kids parties to adults and events. We design packages to fit a descent budget.
Hey #hoyas you can't lose you step against the #wolfpack... they will get you every time...
You guys are seriously THE best. Thanks so much! <3
cant wait till abdc next week..its goin to be awsome
u suck but i love u anyway :)
Great Thai Talk with Ms Leucas..
Come on caffeine kick in, pick me up! #LoveMyHoneyBee #Coffeebean&TeaLeaf
bc your my best friend!(:
Better Idea: disabling the ambient light sensor.dumbest idea ever RT : XPS 13 How To Video: Enabling the Ambient Light Sensor. SV
February 1930... A ninth planet is discovered in the solar system and is named Pluto. The discover is Clyde Tombaugh.
What a game...UNC is a joke should have lost that one. No way they advance past this weekend
Should be fun trying to get Wiz/Heat tix this year. LeBron, Wade, Bosh, and John Wall on the same court. Wow.
Love knows not it's own true depth until the hour of separation
Today's weather won't keep me down!
up follow back bro
I'm in NY and can't get the Rangers' game?
Leaving Toronto on airport "xpress" bus w wacky driver. Great conference, great city! Farewell!
Cardio & salads sound awful. I guess I made the right sexual orientation choice! Though, I never considered being a part-timer
Every golf fan: I have a feeling Stetson isn't going to win...
I wondered where I picked up those two lbs. I'll give them back.
got a cleaver for butchering my pigs from my old Baker.
Thanks everybody for following me and let's make 2010 a profitable YEAR!
RT : Good post by on how the new Java sploit rolled into Blkhole exploit pack is being used w/spam camp bit.ly/rYObkW
I was going to take the test but it did not have enough pictures.
"They re going bonkers in Missoula." Love Big Sky confer. Championship. MT well represented.
thats good:D lol so yea tell me bout u
Where? I need some decent sangria in my life!
Leyland "right now people are kind of beating up on us and enjoying it. We just have to do quite a few things better right now."
#NeverBe different than who you are supposed to be. You are beautiful by yourself. Copies are ugly.
Are you taking a good multivitamin? Kipp, Sydney & I haven't been sick in over 3 yrs! Would love to help.
Brain is fried
True I guess :(
did you know that the Scorpions did a cover of that?
beat that beat up
ROTFLMAO": / Put mice outside in their place. Elephants are scared shitless of mice. ; )"
Thanks for sharing our featured product of the week! Nobody can hate Nutty Putty, haha! Hope your week is going great!
I want a mustang.
#bitcheswhowontdateme current PlayBoy Bunny's
why is this a story? Just stop.
yeah go check out his YouTube videos!
TREND >> Justin got swag!!! please!!!! :D
Twisting at the Elks Holiday Party in Waltham, Ma. from 1-3pm today
can one of your execs come to driskill hotel tomorrow, friday, we are filming here..
OH NO.... ive got a severe case of bieber fever <3
you gone mad
What do YOU think a pop-up newsroom is?
steal one of his hair brushes in revenge. :)
#bama had its chance AT HOME. Let the #Pokes get a shot at the school that pumps #Tulane's gas.
RT : Download free chapters of the 1st 3 Imago fantasy novels optioned for major motion picture trilogy here:...
I think that's the first time I've seen an article from a major news outlet explicitly referencing nlp as its news source.
We appreciate our recent client referrals for guitar lessons & piano lessons. www.hansonmusicstudios.com
he is so damn cute!
Yes, it is a Happy New Year! I hope all of your dreams come true this year. Why wait until 2013?
Let the tequila begin!
iight do that
yes ma'am lol u know u wanna ya digg
Im gonna chill like bruh said. Its not me.
'If you want others to like you, become genuinely interested in other people' - Dale Carnegie
I'm 100% Faithful... To people I like ctfu
Laying down listening to a rain and thunderstorm cd before I sleep. Its actually really quite nice and soothing.
3 days til we party so hard one of us is gonna end up in a wheelchair in Vegas baby!
Good friends, good food, good family, what we need is good weed
Pause to reflect the value and beauty of the freedom we enjoy, in honor of the brave men who ran ashore at Normandy on this day.
I got a letter today! This is a great day! :)
I'm tired
Words are powerful.. "Say what you need to say" - Mayer
it sounds like youve been driving the exact same way i always do, which means youd understand why i hate new mexico so much :D
OPEN THAT PLAY-PIT UP. I WANNA SEE THOSE HAPPY MEALS MOVE SIDE TO SIDE.
this RLE video totally just said 's name wtf niq what did you DO
Now the only question is.... Am I happy..?/:
Tracfone needs total revamp of website and customer service. Both poor.
what the flip is a freedom muffin???
Rock! Spring Symphony, right? I've never played it-- how many percussionists does it use?
We've got twice as many ideas for the Oct/Nov issue as we need. Maybe that means there are too many cool things happening in PDX.
#Blackparentsquotes "I'll knock you into the middle of next week"
give us a shout if you're ever out in the bay area.
i'm texting my mom, only my mom.
Happy Birthday to !
I really like it so far. A memoir about a writer whose father was also a writer. His childhood is both similar & wildly different than mine.
I always loved it when we had 4wk break at Drake cause it meant could go to Florida for 3 wks & still get syllabi etc done
"don't listen"? No wonder you're broadcaster of the yr. Definitely a smart businessman trying to run off listeners.
He or she provides advanced technical and case support and guidance to global practice support specialists and attorneys and paralegals.
100% true!!!----“: #Cancer aren't gossips. You can tell them almost anything without fear of it it ever being passed on”
Attending session on #Mobile Apps for Program Delivery - full session! 87% Americans have cell phones
follow me? c:
I meant for me. Haha & I know Miami is one hour ahead . So 8:41 am
Just voted to keep acting board for another year.
okay see you then! haha :)
": good show last night!" Many thanks hun
So I've broadened the fitness concept to make it one of moderation and balance
is still signed in to Twitter on my computer... so I'm taking over!!!! Wheeeee!!! (Hearts, )
Wash them down with vodka?
You can take me bestie lol =] RT Who want to hit the movie tonight on me?
Minnesota House committee votes down the Vikings stadium proposal. Major setback for team's bid to build new stadium. Down, but not dead.
hallelujah!!!! There's a reason why those plugs came out.
What! Omg!
we hope to have our website up and running by the 1st! BOO!
Stay right here, we can change our plight; we're storming through this despite what's right!
this just in, did the backwards lock. You two now are assholes for blaming me =)
Had so much fun at Best Buy with and , we want some Beats so bad, they are so awesome!!!!!
Is it INSANELY cold right now? Or is it just me??
The state of Maryland has no natural Lakes.
came into the office with something stuck on his back today - it ended up being a piece leftover from his Halloween costume.
I love my school and I love my friends
Damn straight! Nothing beats a tamale!
I love you too <3 Bitch, I mean we need to hangout atleast once a week!!!!!!
i cant get up...omg crying
Happy Tuesday! To workout or not to workout? That is still the question, we want to know to what lengths will you go to maintain your style?
i don't hate my life THANK YOU! i love my life! and idk what your talking! i actually have helped those ppl so ya !
Let's see how low they can go
Nah j was there before. I can't deal with all those people.
#NOMOREBULL at for your chance to win tix!
haha very true
sends more status updates than wikileaks
I hate nosey people <.<
Thanks doll. I'm going to send you another e-mail right now :) RT : hey girl, emailed you back!
Recording our next Classnotes podcast episode! This one is on science strategies for teaching English learners.
RT : It's OK to quit a job with people you like because there are a lot of people to like out there.
congrats on graduating dude
Rana talks about "disaster economies" in Pakistan: 20 million in forced migration that nonetheless makes Pakistan visible.
Review of my book in Conscience #emergencycontraception http:/bit.ly/ThornyAbortIssues
Love working with Nik Riches :) Awesome music partner.
Congratulations! Better than a gap on your resume!
zack OMG r u okay I saw what happened with u and I hope to get well soon !! Go the hell kaen
How to Take Your PR Pitches to the Next Level
follow back
Finally I don't have 2 service hours anymore!!!!!!!! So happy
i made this account to support you! please follow me! im a big fan! <3 86
What does everyone think about Uganda
tonight just got real
Well ask randee where she wanna eat cause i'm down for anything. & i'm always free on the weekends???.
What would you do if you knew you couldn’t fail?
when the loves right, you just know ..
Goodnight me.
Subscribe to my youtube channel :daswaggedkidd...appreciate the support!
mine was very messy
Making my parents listen to #SaySomethin >>>>
the kitchen looks forward to you coming and saying hi!
that's awesome! Did you get a copy of the tweet?
seeing on saturday. m <3
This RT : Also, is playing scales and arpeggios at insane speeds to warm up, and my brain is sort of exploding.
Do you have a fancy pair of oakleys that you just leave on or around you car?
Finishing last night's #SNL. Has more laughs than usual. Eli doing OK. Liked the Adam Yauch shoutout.
Congrats Meryl! I can't wait for Viola to come back and eventually win an Oscar and NOT for playing a maid.
How my phone slips into Spanish mode while in my pocket I'm still not clear on.
watching dance moms! <3
And now he's carrying a piece of lettuce around my room
can you promo me x40 so that I can have more followers? I love you
"Fear me dear, for I am Death. I'll take your hope, your dreams, your love till there's nothing left."
#FridayReads Monica Wood's on Writing Description Is Occupying My Nighttime Reading :: Wonderful Techniques, Every Novelist Should Read
but...Nevermind “: I'm out RT just had the most amazing seizure salad ever”
Ducks&#39; Darron Thomas Might Not Get the Call in the NFL Draft
Ms. Worldwide as I step in the room... Hahahaha
I GET THIS! Thx, (but thank u a little. She's scary) “: Next Holloween I'm dressing up as Cindy Sherman. #artjoke”
The pursuit of truth and beauty is a sphere of activity in which we are permitted to remain children all our lives
anyone know if it's easier to get to the city from JFK airport hotels or LGA airport hotels? or if I should just quit trying? haha.
Hello friends. This is my (ashiepoo22) new twitter :)
Three months away from / that which defines who I am / embarrasses me
No date set yet, but soon - we will announce it as soon as we know! Thanks for your support!
take to central booking. Good toast and it'll keep him here a bit longer.
kurt is seeing my song. "I Have Nothing" #Whitney #GLEE (yes i realize i'm two weeks late that's the beauty of on demand)
i'm glad i'm never one of THOSE customers either. really gets me when I see customers rude, whining, complaining over nothing
My man muscles hurt.
": cozy was a lil mermaid lol (for Halloween)". Oh, how cute!
good morning all! Another 'sunny' day in Pacific Beach, CA!! Come out, come out, wherever you are!
Looking to expand and looking to take over....Support ya boi Suite as he adventures out into his musical dream!!!!!!!
“There is nothing to writing. All you do is sit down at a typewriter and bleed.” -Ernest Hemingway
I just said hayley 10x in a row ours loud I said it just fine hahaha! Maybe u should wear a name tag! Hahaha
Thanks for RT. Have a great evening!
There are a couple of Comics studies journals specifically...
you should probs be here doing lights
Thanks for the RT
Watching the Colbert Report
BET! Whey we goin?? RT : All drinks on me tonight fuck it
Wow... what is going on at election party right now? Now this is entertainment!
thanks ladies! v. excited, and much credit goes to and !
yes you are(;
and somehow, despite all the döner and turkish pizza and whatever, I always manage to lose weight in Berlin…
how are the screenings coming? Is Last Fall being well received? #liftingitupinprayer!
can I win the silver?
YOU can get it...you just have to know the magic word :)
Just got approved for code4lib travel, which is great, since the library really has to tighten their belt this year.
“: whaat that rules! I was just watching Sopranos last night hahaha” <-- YEAH YEAH!!
lets go falcons!!!!!!
did u dm chachi,jason,nick,mikey,and julian for me
The rule sets of Wikipedia represent a thriving petri dish for studying unintended consequences.
Hate the wave. RT : We've got a wave starting. #why?
I need an email address to contact someone about an analytics report
I'm still awkward.
With relegation and promotion, we could give Canadian teams a chance to move up to the MACtion.
PB's sizzlin' summer show, "Someone Who'll Watch Over Me", will be performed at the Next Act Theatre space - get tix now - 414-278-0765
Whats going on for lunch? Come enjoy our Wagyu bistro steak, served with hand-cut frites and a tarragon-mustard demi-glace.
Practicing your signature over and over again just in case you become famous.
05 Kaesler #Shiraz The Bogan (revisited). Becoming more elegant, in addition to concentrated power. More smoke, spice, tobacco. 96 pts
#ThingsThatFrustrateMe iPhone users outraged that instagram is now on android n act like spoiled brats who don't want to share their toys!
THIS!! LMAO! I LOVE YOU!!
I can't believe Duke lost. In the first round. I mean, right, I hate them and all, but this is unheard of! I'm speechless.
So, I've basically just spent about 2 hours, staring at my ceiling, listening to music & thinking.
&status quo always resists RT : Just bc this is a time of transformation doesn't mean its easy to sell transformational ideas
Great tip for reaching Bloggers! RT : When you've written a strong blog post, head over to LinkedIn & answer questions...
Glad to have you! MT : "Sweetness and light" Looks like I get to attend w/ this weekend!
partnership tonight from 5-8 for Portland Farmers Market
Eating the Dinosaur by
on my channel its uploading right now lol and the video was love u like a love song
what up K. Guess who's BACK!!!
Something smells really bad in here & I'm the only one in the room
haha you're welcome:)
Lunch today at the delicious Tashan on Broad St! These chefs really know what they're doing!
Lmfaooo. MARY ME. (;
Jafar Panahi's "This Is Not A Film" at 's Billy Wilder Theater this Sunday!
I love SNL
I am ashamed of the country i live in. With family here i can't move, but i would if i was able.
Truer words were never spoken re: #apps and #kids: "kids are picky; they just are." Brian Burke
bored lately despite tons to do. more interested in the results than the process.
heading to #pandora panel
haha I didn't want you to hit for the cycle again.
just saw the previews for brake it or break yet. EEk.
Facebook is pissing me the hell off. That dumb website wont let me log in. FOCK!
Registered Sacramento Process Server; subpoenas, summons, small claims, bank Levy, and Unlawful Detainer 916-509-0677
We're cooking up something pretty darn cool at WebCamWindow HQ right now. It's going to be in the dictionary under "cool" someday.
U dont wanna lose me tho...
Austin is having the most amazing #lightning storm!!!
Today evolves around the Laker game.
i am about to give u her number 314 565-6927
we're glad you love it!
Crap!!! I just missed the code word!
Happy Friendship Day....Follow me :)
Hello to our newest follower Cheers!
Today's going to be a long one... Ran out of JD for my coffee so I'm drinking Listerine - at least the babes will notice the pearly whites
Mayweather have 50 cent, Beiber & Triple H in his corner.
Knowing that my letters mean SO Much to my friend in the navy gives me the greatest joy, to know that i actually mean something to som ...
I like drinking caffeine free diet Mountain Dew just because I think it subverts that soda's entire paradigm.
yeah can u see my stuff says LovePrinceton4 lolz yeah i just love his pesonality! hes so sweet
thanks! Might check it out after all!
No, it is. It IS Jon Mobley. Isn't it?
Lets watch it together!
this mariachi band seriously needs to shut the fuck up
Lets go OKC!!
bout to shower &than hop in the pool :)
Skype is good! is doing great things with Skype.
That was not Raspberry Beret, that was 1999. Come on now.
S/o to all the White Sox fans!!!! GO SOX!
What are the three learning principles of leadership coaching? www.LeadershipRising.com
20 IT #analyst and #consultants in ONE room. Behind the scenes #Vancouver #Olympics. #Journalist Wanted
right back at you!
Thx for the mention
#Follow for state-of-art knowledge:
gotta stay up till 11 for family guy ..
I hope today ends the way it started.... GOOD:)
OMG guess what guys? The Pittsburgh date? I don't think I'm going...again! Not even busy that day though. I don't understand.
I hope everyone enjoy there saturday
wow that's good :) what sort of time are you thinking of going :)
Why do illegal immigrants want Congress to pass a new law (Dream Act) when the illegals don't want to obey the existing law (Immigration)?
Whats up ppl?
Gonna watch some recorded from like weeks ago
Tiana kissed a frog,Cinderella walked on broken glass, Belle loved a beast, Snow White barely escaped a knife, facing your fears for love
hope it's nothing too serious
Not surprised to hear from multiple people Deadmau5's set sucked. Good producer, bad club DJ
Someday I will finish 1. Hahaha. I'm making a mini collection here pretty soon. LOVE YOU and our friendship. Miss you already.
Did you see the FLOTUS carrying your Target bag in the Vogue top 10 list? I have the same one!
I hate 2 services
Thank you to our sponsors
I wonder if it's hit Ricky that College Station already has a pres. library?
RT wish I could have gone to #FinalPerk at but I was home. it's like the down side to being home =[ ]=<--sorry!
Plz ask Matthews 2 explain. Colbert's making fun of FOX fear mongering and more. He doesn't tell the truth bc he's using irony
Woah! Sounds intriguing!
In the West, it's Advent. In the East, the Christmas Fast. In the South, we call it fried chicken.
I think Chou Chou needs to be the standard for toothy tabs going forward, I actually look forward to brushing!
Faaackkk. It's too late for food. -_-
I bet #AustinsFirstSingle is gonna be AMAZING, <3
Really wish I could tell you about #100days but I can't, unless you're really good at bribing?
Well done Tar Heels.
So my 2 yr old accidentally gave me a fat lip yesterday. I bent down to kiss him on his head and he jumped up. Ouchie!
Hello tweeters on this BEAUTIFULL lovely warm sunday ...newarks looking pretty today :) whats everyone upto today ...Harley & katie :) xx
no shot for derxel then, right??
I think i'm actually ready to be done... 4REAL this time.
Patriots = #WINNING!
You say that now, but who'll have the last laugh after I have my head cryogenically frozen?
Second Tip: Protect Yourself- Take care of yourself, too, by choosing appropriate dating sites. choose a reputable online dating service.
So if I volunteered, you / your company would pay for license. I think I'm so interested!
Left my old one at home.. got a new one.
"Things fall apart so that other things can fall together."
Feat bob and Jodi
Great show,great singing group.Seen it 5x on brdwy.It's such a fun time.Opus 17 is great,can't lsten 2 their music&not B happy
yeah when is it
Eating cake while on a diet is like cheating on a girl; if feels so wrong but taste soo good !
Man i been To nice To dese hoes
Leaders know that mistakes are how we learn, grow and improve. They are the catalyst for doing things differently
is the only person in the world to get a root canal and then immediately go play tennis.
Tweeting statements that seems like your questioning someone yet you answer yourself
found Steve and the booth
I thought that was what you were referring to! :)
just to Mexico but it's so weird cuz things keep happening to them, bad things
Watchin Hannah Montana The Movie I Swear I Love This Movie Tho
Sitting on a couch with my sister, I love her :)
This came out of no where. We are fixing things and promised. I promised. I'm keeping it no matter what.
Does anyone have any suggestions for new combinations of fragrances that are just knocking your socks off?
Same gangstas same ol scene
Grr, our server just took a dive. Not happy.
So..A casual lil trip to the Brooklyn Flea turned into a big purchase, me carrying a couch up 3 flights & missin the 1st half of the game.
Happy early birthday!! :)
the burghs got talent!
?! RT : The GE security staff isn't afraid to push a reporter who attempts a second effort at questioning Immelt.
Saddened to learn of the passing of Chuck Workman.
If you go out with a plastic bag on your head, then you know it's real
Why you mad?
That's because they are the reason the show hasn't been great this season and wasn't picked up for a full final season!
Shot a guy for stealing a car. We didn't really want to at first, but then we figured a car is worth way more than a human life.
I hate when people talk super LOUD when ya'll in the same room O_o
If I was him, I would buy shit else with his name on it.. RNS
So im in dennys and the waitress is walking us to our table and this little girl says "mama shes pretty" ohh little kids :)
The ladies are back and that means... NEW handbags, scarves, sunglasses and much more!!!! In-Store tomorrow, doors open at 11:00am.
I didn't think it would actually happen but my promotion actually came through. I am now officially a Systems Librarian!
the proposal is on...and Ryan Reynolds is looking sexy.
He getting his money weather he lose or not
no but i think hes cute hahaha espesially in the hunger games
lol 5 am I need an alarm clock to get up. Cause I never get up that early. I'm not that much of an early bird :P
STEP OFF!
Judith Ortiz Cofer kept the crowd at our keynote session spellbound, and at times in stitches. What a fabulous opening.
I still admire you. :p
don't let anyone break your spirit or your heart.
Yea...I'm catching on...had to look up a lot of shit on google bout how to do shit....lol I'm slow
Love her saying the word 'boobs'.
haha that's true!
Specyphi tonight don't Miss this J&B'S Mt Carmel CD release party come on out
wait...you're making me and dinner?
#community - I use comparisons to Hitler to win arguments on the internet at the drop of a hat. I know nothing about wine.
m,, chinese food ,
I just wanna read the minds of the people, who look at me
At the hotel breakfast, guy told me his sister was "high full lutin" because she says Vase and not vase
damn shame I was about myself
Going to look...when approximately is it from?
make your hearts UP!
Is there a dislike button in twitter?
I'm comin up to manhattan Friday night! I better see you!
I really value his sensitivity. Especially re: women's issues. /CC:
Siwani's a suck up hahaha
omg I know. You wrote we were supposed to hang out before you leave Nashville! :(
I really really need a new place to live. The power is now going out like every fucking day.
lol dont send me hearts :x
the rainbow colored and says RCS
Who else is ready for Ufc in fox this weekend? Huge weekend for
Texas Pearland Classic will start on Friday! "Play Hard or Go Home"
Hot cross puns for Easter. :)
heck no. Teachers should always improve their own skills to be effective in teaching deaf kids esp signing.
Anyone need new Beats by Dre.? Solo, black available for $170 ($10 less than list price) tweet me. NEW IN BOX w/ Everything. Thx
thanks Jen!! You are the sweetest!
June 22 come quick!!!!
YES RT : Weekend Mode: [ON]
Dont say one thing then mean another .
Loving this 'Songs of Restoration' album. I have it on repeat. Good work Lewis & .. Ministering to me so much.
God Morning! I like this overuse of letters. Makes Tuesday so much more exciting! Have a super day!
Eating a brownie before, makes every activity better.
Happy Birthday! thug!!?!?
Whatever you may feel to be your destiny in life, remember this....."You Don't Have To Be Great To Start, But You Have To Start To Be Great"
your not matching today
Back at post again (:
They also have very short memories.
Avoided the rain, got a tan, and is off to celebrate Jon's birthday..... What a grand day!
#FF to because is the best Jasminator in the world <3
I got your coconut roundies right here biotch
A man, 74, has been found dead in his yard in Santa Fe. His death is being called "gruesome," and a pit bull is being held in connection.
Threw a BONES giftcard on stage tonight, hope or picked it up! Xo
“: Put a pic up of your mom as your AVI for mothers day so we can roast her” -- that's fcked up
Got a show today shooting two vids studio time mothers day Nika f time alotta shit to do
Cloudy and cold today in #PDX and I have lost my summer tan. BooHoo
I love the Cee-lo "Fuck you" song too! (if that's what ure talking about...Forget You is the radio friendly version haha)
when are the one direction contests this weekend?
Nothing hurts worse than the fact that I am missing my boyfriends senior night <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
the average life span for an RB is 5 yrs. the way he runs he will be lucky to make it to 10yrs
...but this did not indicate more liberal social views. Gillmer examines 2 cases showing how property & inheritance laws used instead
Nope. This is an up an coming band playing at a rock bar in GB. Not a huge venue.
he's a dushe for doing that if that is true and he wont get anywhere in life. Just keep your head up <333
G'morning! Gearing up for Dinner Date for Eight at #Eatonville. Only $10 to meet and have dinner with a great group of people!
Software that isn't custom or customizable is on it's way out.
Successfully completed my first week of Baron Baptiste's 40 Day program. :-)
Show me the way, little Greg photo.
it was great to meet you too! Hopefully we'll meet again Soon.
You HAVE to see Titanic and The Blind Side at least...
rather have a hard throwin lefty than wolf or narvie ugh none on horizon tho
Why is Trent Dilfer considered an authority on QB play when he sucked donkey balls as a player?
It's easier to be a cynic.
Great time today at the 13.1 Marathon training run! Thanks to everyone who ran with us
well ignore the text i sent you, i have reports to do
wait do they?!
Nice to see all 12 people showed up to watch 's Bills play Tebow today
That's right , we're still here. :)
Just followed a bunch of people. Trying to get more followers on here!!
I don't need to lie. But, sometimes, I like to give the truth an extreme makeover.
Looking for a job in communications, government affairs, advocacy. Special interest in housing.
they went great ! I really enjoyed them. thanks for asking!
Haha dont worry we got RAD new stuff in the works! RT : I feel like I need something from that isn't black
just Sayn love your new shows. Fan from new Orleans
Wow at the play Uggla just made to make a double play. Well, Kemp was safe...still
I'm in app heaven!
Yes. My main point with the post was 1. Studies can say anything you want them to and 2. Pg moms don't need more stress.
If you have actual hog warts, we can't be in a relationship, no ifs, ands, or buts
Aw...Mahalo! We're honored to be a part of such a great community! #LuckyWeLiveKauai & Mahalo to you as well!
I wish life was like Monopoly... Collect $200 everytime you pass GO!! ;-)
Do you come to #Vegas to party or gamble?
#WhenIGetBored I sleep
Getting sh*t done without congress, what a novel concept! from
Lol well I never lost to Berea. But I couldn't believe I still had it.
Nobody's perfect, but you're perfect for me <3
way to support the MKE! Making the nation luv ya more!
Ugh! Decisions! I'm having a hard time figuring out what to wear for the drive-thru
School should always be this empty..Better yet, why is graduation so far?
Jesus is my prozac!
Tonight going to the Eldorado - Can't wait!
I hope you have a wonderful night! Love you xoxo
Holy crap. I can't even.
hm about to call out all our #fashion bloggers to an outfit challenge!
have to say it again....jon stewart is the voice of reason in our country
You will visit today and to reveal Steyner Of ranch leuc Austin houses and golf the policy of security Steyner Of ranch :-)
I'm in. Buy my ticket? RT : I need to go to Aruba. Who will come along?
Finally taking the time to connect with all of the #blogs and #bloggers I love to hear from
ha! way to be aggressive! i know i'm in good hands!!
Good Luck with interview.
man city can't be mad. They time wasted for 135 min of this tie
"Of Monsters and Men" adding to productivity of today (if not familiar, think Mumford & Sons meets Edward Sharpe meets Arcade Fire)
Fun fact about Saint Basil's Cathedral, it was originally called: "Cathedral of the Intercession of the Virgin by the Moat"
"Jesus rose from the dead! Let's eat tacos!l
Hmm...how is #PIPA a job creator?
hmm how come my drawing hasnt taken over for your default picture..........camon.
There are way too many things wrong with that. Lol.
this is just not right!!! the Globes are taking place @ 6 miles from me, yet we don't get them live here!!! Why is that???
Drake - So Far Gone >>
RT : Using moisturizers in your 20s & 30s will give you some of the protection you need to keep skin from prematurely aging
Goin on 2hrs of sleep..today will be a long day!
85lb me just maneuvered a 15ft Budget rental truck through Manhattan during rush hour. I need a high five. And a drink.
I've got a bet with my husband - how much does it cost to open the roof? Heard it on a park your but can't remember.
Ever seen some really bad plastic surgery results? That's kind of what your home is headed for if you hire the wrong contractor.
Hey Emm sorry for the late reply.. where are you from I can tell you the closest venue to see Shawn, and Cody together
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081> ->> and you don't have an iPhone. So you won't see that. Fail.
put up pictures! I just realized how much we've accomplished and how far we've come in a year!
Friday the 13th .... already my day out bad-__- #friendproblemos~
me and Katie are on the same account imma get off tho.its tray ok Katie u can talk now
so proud of her. Can't wait to watch.
so i havent tweeted you in FOREVER.. so i miss it. SO I LOVE YOU AND I THINK YOU SHOULD FAVORITE THIS TWEET HOMIEE (: <3
My nickname is Dame, so the D4M3 was the natural Star Wars version.
The Sitter is On Demand...didn't even know it came out in theaters...
Surprised by #TheGrey & #TheGirlWithTheDragonTattoo remake today. Both were damn good - especially TGWTDT.
that's almost as bas as ppl that graduated in 04 and still have hs football pics as their default.
hope hasn't forgotten our one deal that was swore to life we wouldn't do..
Perfect Spring weather to get outside. Enjoy Italian dining at its finest: al fresco! Drinks, appetizers & bocce ball...and bring your dog!
SAMOSA SNACK TIME > potato chip snack time!!!
I'm doing it right now.
we still gon win the series
gorge, but standing weird.
Time to be productive
We greatly appreciate the comment and will definitely use it to become a more awesome company. And who doesn't like awesome? :)
Now Maynard's out bowled for a duck. Surrey are in disafuckingray at 5/32
Miss this. RT : Getting drunk to interview people for the OC!
It has been 5 minutes since your last prototyping injury.
RT : Things turn out best for people who make the best of the way things turn out. -John Wooden
so listen to me sing, he wanna #3 supaa size onion riiiingggggg...
was it a 500 lb man? Sweet Jesus.
I'm glad you enjoy! I'm going to be amping it up a little more. You should call into any of my shows when I'm live!
Awesome! Where did they play?
Enjoy. Let me know if you need recommendations on where to eat and things to do
Thriving Ivory!
#DemonicDerek Is it time for new Victims Yet????
send me an ice cold bourbon and consider it done. #woodford only please
Things are great! Just booked my June trip to LA. Life is good.
NEW YEAR! NEW SALE! 50% off select TIGI make-up, Including lipsticks + eye shadows. Come in quick before they're all gone!
Cavs defense got more holes than Swiss cheese right now let's pick it up!
Today was spent learning about some of the amazing work we do around the world with just 1% of the budget. Just 1%. That's pretty cool.
Number one use of my phone: playing Temple Run on the can....
Can't move
haha the Kevin Smith one cracked me up!
Im suprised I was able to wake up this morning
Back to work!!!!
I know lol Im joking. I just like pissing off Laker haters.
I think Todd Jansen is playing in the US Open today...I wonder if Hunter Mahan is going to be the clubhouse mgr for the Chasos
hialeah's HEAT <<<<
Enya is awesome. Sail Away. Sail Away..
Did not see #hungergames yet! Don't spoil it, Twitter!
Nope, I refuse to believe it! At least NY has the best apples.
the crinn tonight
My wife loves it too-we just got it framed today to hang in our living room.
Thank you for the #christmas present
Omg me too I hate it
how long are you in Dallas for?
yeah....being that bellachek is the devil doesnt suprise me that it gets hot in hell. Jk
CEO Elisabeth Mason told a Chicago audience today how Single Stop uses BEN to boost education. Who's BEN? Hint: not a who, but a what...
If a girl tells you to listen to a song pay attention to the lyrics
A huge Austin welcome to everyone attending #asc12. So glad y'all are here this week. Have a fantastic time!
That's what I was saying!!! Omgsh I'm so excited for you hahaha.
Hi #Twitter Support. Can you look into ? It was suspended for no reason. Thanks for the help! --Ally
its snowing in douglasville now...
ya what do I gotta do. be the right caller? I can do that...lol
Looking fresh - nice threads, Wayne. Where do you find your handsome suits?
Happiness resides not in possessions, and not in gold, happiness dwells in the soul. Democritus
parents that don't give a fuck
Getting ready to head to Lexington....home of the 2012 NCAA Men's Basketball National Champion Kentucky Wildcats!
Love it when you talk that talk to me! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
Google Chrome! I am getting really close to dumping you! Your Shockwave plug-in crashes every half hour now...
lmao jay jay stressing me out with her tweets lbs she cutting up
So , don't let Selectmen go into Exec Session just to hide from unpopular debate. Town counsel is pushing for public debate
Happy New Year from
and his #boyfriend is out on itunes lololo sorry just had to it!
that looks cool! :3
haha, you lucky! I was tryna talk my mom into lettin me stay home, but she said no. >_<
At the Metro State University of Denver name change ceremony with Gov John Hickenlooper
We were discussing the similarities of them and Ministry.
im so exited to move hopefully we move closer love you!!!!!
“ I couldn't agree less.” there goes kevin disagreeing with my humor yet again :-)
": *in my griertown voice Omw to Mac bonies"im at the basement
Be ICONic<3
I did that earlier this week and I can't figure it out dawg lol
"You are now a can of chili. kthxbai." (#dareproject chatter)
Splashing water in your face like they do in commercials, & ending up looking like you just came out from the shower.
Somewhere my grandmother is shaking her fist bc JLo is wearing white before memorial day AND showing her arms
Enjoy the picinic tables and rocking chairs outside while the goins good. JC
When you are out tonight, look up! The moon will appear bigger and brighter than usual!
Not only a good job with trucks, they have a nice integrated social media campaign too. Many museums should be so lucky.
Let's go Os!
He leadeth we beside still waters
Most def. I've been eyeing his page to see if he's coming to Chicago or Milwaukee so we can go.
The music is like my blood flow
Well the Strip Club Song is finish. I just gotta mix it up. Also, I did the hook for that concept called I'ma need that there. "Lope"
Thanks guys! Hope to see ya soon! Happy Mothers Day!
Loving the new podcast with Guilty Pleasures - free on iTunes. High Five for Jensen Ackles and Supernatural, MM!
I am reading "Back in the Habit" by Alice Loweecey on this
Nimbus Data says the driving force for NAS and SAN was manageability, not performance...
#FF Scarf Dancing is back tonight at 7:30. It's not what you think it is.
Better than "Very *NOT* Merry Christmas to all my Jewish friends!", etc. :)
| Happy Friday! Thanks for the shout outs!
It's a #natural thing to offer my help.
love how tomorrow is my last friday of high school and im only staying til 3rd period :)
I don't friken understand stupid people. Why can't they all just die ?
Happy PI day ABQ!!
Installing wine glass racks bought 4 yrs ago and that have just been collecting dust. What a waste!
yeah that pass at end killed them. They had all momentum plus being up 10 they should have sealed it shut earlier.
Connecting with old friends!
Thanks for the RT. Hope you're living it up this weekend.
RT : I'm at #12ntc with You should be here. should be here. Next year? - See you next year!
the world would be a much better place if more conversations had #Zune awesomeness in them.
Dad and I are both sitting on our smart phones at dinner
your love is on in a millionn ; it goes on & on <3
Have fun on your skii trip. Be safe :)
all ya gotsta do is think about chachi and watch her youtube videos <3
Not all exercises can adapt from F2F to online, but with creativity you can blend them together in the same session!
Yeah! That totally seems like a good fit for you! Can you not leave VT?
Thanks! I look forward to reading your blog, too!
congrats on the win win gobble gobble!
loopt's spam thing is lame/scary, but that doesn't mean it's not not compelling in other ways. if i had an iphone, i'd use it.
There are sixteen $25 FREE Gift Cards left for today. See post below
Honored to win the Community Service award at the Buckinghams tonight. Wasn't for me though, it was clearly
Hey!! You should follow me because your perfect and you would do that for me ;) <3.. BUT PLEASE IVE BEEN TRYING EVER SINCE!
uh oh wavy hair lol
Current challenge: Discovering why a seemingly perfect IF() function returns the wrong FALSE, when it should return TRUE.
i miss the days when Dirk would make a 3. and they would give the ball to him in clutch situations
Love? Forget that. Heart breaks? I had that. Chances? I gave that. Going back? Im past that. Moved on? Believe that.
Go Houston Oilers. Haha. Colts made my night.
Spring season has started. Flies: 0, me: 3
Remember back when Jason Bay was the shit?? Lol
Studying for my AP Psychology test tomorrow. Time to get that college credit early!!
amen to that brotha
Swallow or spit, but don't let it sit!
Dog is running circles around the living room, sniffing out the open windows: we both love spring.
re: positive energy. Thx 4 the Postgres shirt a few years back. U R my hero. Plus, I like your tweets.
I had a sub the other day and her name was Mrs. Pitts. The next day one of my friends said 'what if her first name was Harry' Harry Pitts ha
this morning it was COMPLETELY THE OPPOSITE!
Batemans Bay knockout on 17/3 so get to training and improve your fitness. Trial against Kiama at Kiama on 24/3.
People should not have rush requests or problems on a Friday afternoon. Glad I got some pondering time in earlier.
hey my sexy chocolate Dani muahhhz
just got a gift. Ask her what it is.
#Lasttweet im off twitter for sunday to see the clippers because cheating ass refs was fucking cheating
Time to go home yet?!!
Today has been outstanding! Found a space to train in! Made a couple of Great contacts! Super Excited for California and FBS09!
even better!
Baby Dont Look So Mad ,
What a life i have... Y do dese hav 2 b so crzy
I love lamp ya'll!
There is something basic about protecting land by taking it off the market. People should be able to enjoy where they live while at the...
Every person who went through the struggle had "Ghetto Dreams" and I'm living it right now.
I had a talk w/an educator & the end result - I get blown off, kid gets a goose egg & nothing was resolved - wont be gettin that time back
last day for the LOGO contests at www.creativeanimalrelief.org check it out great prizes!!
Fuk u to ya dumb bitch!
My boy eddie alvarez is back!
Another day filled of looking for a job. Let's get after it. Time can only tell what the future holds for me.
me neither <3
Hahaha. Back for the Mac announcement. Twitter started to take over my life. Had to just quit cold turkey.
lol u fell nd he picked u up .! u trip a couple times but he help u up ..!
that's a night shift man for ya haha, I'm working in Rochester all week. This drive blows.
Continually impressed by the variety and quality of articles by Check 'em out folks. You'll wish you'd found them sooner.
What a beautiful Thursday in San Diego, CA! We're walking down to Seaport Village, have you been there?
u bet! you as well - all ready to roll!
Here's another! Like Sneaky Pete's page and tell about StoneAge!
#myfavoriterapperrightnow , slim shady,Marshall Mathers whatever you wanna call him, hes the best!<3 :) i love to though!
trying to get them to understand is gonna be a bitch.
RT : if you're an asshole about someone passing away, then you're probably an asshole all the time.
then they snap back into their reality and think: "Gee, it took forever to eat that bowl of apple jacks."
what little you do know is enough. the band isn't in the video, just their music. it's intentionally comedic mismatching.
I'm interviewing John Cusack at #C2E2 this weekend. I shall celebrate by walking around Chicago holding a stereo over my head.
Busy weekend...teaching a class on legal Issues for new business, Radio Show, Birthday party and dinner with the in laws.
haha ok you had me cracking up at that one!!
speaking, a founder of Rise Above Plastics - "AB1998 was killed by plastics industry. U can show them how to reverse it."
Of course I bought that shit!
i really hope the pacers win more 2nd round games than the celtics so david west can throw it in ray allen's face forever and ever and ever
I watched "Being Elmo" on Netflix. Did anyone else come away from that with a real sense of dis-ease? Or am I reading too much into it?
We made it through another week. Happy Friday! Im sharing chocolate!
#aftereffects Just made a new #animation for global power components on #vimeo any thoughts?
The question "who asks the tough questions? " is a tough question.
Do you guys want imagines? (: x
not sure if morphine is the 100% best way to go although it feels good :)
Bored might go to the y
Sth like $600 for the whole weekend but you can totally get a sponsor. I on the other hand... *sigh*
omg what if you were the one giving it that would be even better haha
man that sucks...idk if i wanna keep watching it then
I thought of you IMMEDIATELY when Erin came on. Oh the horror.
Reading this YA book & they just keep going on & on about labia surgery. Boy, these kids grow up fast, don't they?
Hey email marketer - it's not enough to just say "unsubscribe" at the bottom of the email. It actually needs to link somewhere.
Getting colder! Currently it's 78F and Mostly Cloudy
Deff feeling oomf...thinking twifey if she with it...
Siri get me to Raleigh Studios. Erin I don't understand High Bee Two. THIS IS WHY MACHINES WILL NEVER RULE THE HUMAN RACE
Feeling down and out 4 sum reason... Good god help me!?
I'm glad I'm not working 2/day. Wish the sun was out.
If you can get a hand full or more to request a read, it's perfect.
Oh I see but hey take some meds & just stay strong... It'll be over soon and I hope you recover quickly as well.
follow the actions or beliefs of others, individuals directly prefer to conform, or because individuals derive information from others
you're welcome! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Yeah I know i'm like paranoic with this because my cousin's friend was kidnapped because she was chatting with someone
Cal. Iron Man Streak.
all cute (; <3 RT walked me to class today! :D ;p <U+2665>33”
watching the walking dead season 1 :) I miss the walking dead :(
Sorry, did I miss something? I was using my ThighMaster ===> that shoulda come from
In honor of Elgin's activism a candlelight walk in Carson starting from Turmont and Avalon will begin at 8pm
Which book are you after? Can you email me (sasha dot cooper at wiley dot com)?
#39 The only way out is going to be mapped by those able to dream.
Llol love caken with my baby
Worked with Betty white yesterday, haven't seen her since I played her boyfriend on Momas Family 22 yrs ago...she looks great
Yup she's wearing a Sipe jersey #Browns “: I think I just saw mom doing a commercial. "What!" #Cleveland?Superbowl?”
what's for lunch?
Checking out the slasher flick Madison County via Apple TV.
I hate how social get togethers always are made around unhealthy food… isnt there anything else to do
Cute underwear really makes a difference as far as self esteem goes even if only you know you're wearing them.
ok lol just making sure!
Very nice - Cam Newton has been named PEPSI/NFL Rookie of the Week
pretty much the trend in all American stouts
I will pass on that lol. How longs that a few hours.
This. RT I miss the good old days of talking about how unprepared Tsuyoshi Nishioka was for the majors.
Hokies threaten in 7th but E. Cipolloni with a huge DP to end the inning. We're headed to extras!
I LOVE YOU<3
Good looking pencils? You found my weakness.........
ALMOST REACHED 600 FOLLOWERS!! ONLY 48 MORE FOLLOWERS!!
I'm going to watch this game on mute. So sick of hearing nothing but positive comments about the Heat/BASHING the Pacers w/ every word
Thank God! I was getting #desperate I can't wait for our hot romantic date on Valentine's Day then(-;
Good luck! I still miss serving tables sometimes, great gig if you work with great people! It will be like riding a bike.
We've reached the climax
not sure yet. Hitting Lotus of Siam in a few hours. I'm craving Thai curry.
I give myself very good advice but I very seldom follow it. - Alice
O stop it i hope everything works out RT : I miss ... he's the best boss a girl could have ... I'm so spoiled
MEMORIAL DAY IS RIGHT AROUND THE CORNER! Get your graphic orders in by the 28th of May & receive 50% off a Pristine Empire Shirt or Hoodie
Just finished a photo shoot with York Bryan a very nice photographer
Went all the way to Fairfield via public transport. The 1.7 mile walk to Jelly Belly - great. Walk back - harder - loaded with freebies!
im in awe inside the new marlins park. i wish the Rays could defraud the city into getting one of these badboys
already have. also i wish i was an english major in college. i woulda love to read popular novels for classwork...
"Think beyond your lifetime if you want to accomplish something truly worthwhile"--Walter Elias Disney
Laid my grandma to rest today. Sucks to say but atleast she's in a better place and no longer suffering.
can't be no geek of the street, gotta be handy with the rock to earn you keep #BBN mount up!
Do you like your job? Are you ready for something new? Look no further... #Free ebook: bit.ly/vxhWIT
BF is a great forum as well, although I usually dwell in the E38 section, too many temptations.
if the project was completed successfully.. you're not a failure. You can pay... Or take friggen handyman classes or something..
go to school nigga, and text me
There is a definite possibility of me unfollowing you until exams are over. Sorry in advance.
start working with materials,change the fabrics, learn how to sew, create something fresh.
O yea wat
all you need today is a light jacket
Thank you Janet! I sure hope that your Friday is going well and that you'll have a very sexy weekend! :-)
"A beautiful ring and it looks better than the picture! There are also no visible scratches" Wilson from San Diego, California
No civil unions, domestic partnerships, designated bennie, nothing even for cohabiting heteros. Most sweeping such amndmt in US.
enough to keep me busy for long periods lol. I can't complain though, i like it.
Home from set later than expectd and still have tons to do b4 heading to Huntington Lake in the morning. Hard to focus after long day.
you see something you dont like
I hope that everyone had a happy 4th of July!
let me knw if u find a spot
Working on a Friday afternoon
thanks for the follow :-)
What was that MTV show that was about a cheesey boy band like 12 years ago?
its a beautiful day in tennessee(:
Momma Dragon I love you!
Fear no Human!!
Nobody can rain on my parade bc comes on tonight(: think I'm lieng!? Tryy me!!!!!
please follow!!!!:D
Stupid pssa 'pep rally' is boring as hell -_-
he has a weird shaped head
Someone put some pom poms in the Celtic player with the locs hands so he can be official with his bitch ass Let's get it together
Just saw City of Angels at USC! Absolutely amazing!
True, But Little Bear fine ass was on too.
that's why you laughed?? Lol
final cut nuff said!!
You're welcome ;)
I can also recommend Chester Aaron's GIDEON for YAs—story of boy who survives Warsaw Ghetto and joins resistance.
Back to some...oh yeah, MORE. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0081>
Thanks for the follow!
See you at Hello-Lucky today noon to 4pm for Craftacular!!! Night peeps xo
When you aren't presenting or job searching, packing for a conference becomes way easier.
San Marcos! We are currently expanding our network of sponsors! Be sure to get in contact with us!
My internship has indirectly led to MANY a delicious snack or beverage (see current status)!
DM us your email and we will email out more information!
Bwahahahaha!! Yeah!! Nothin missed really? He was just running around playin. I said whats up and he kept pushin. She spoke.
absolutely. Been way too long.
Tonights rally will have about 10% of people who really want to see change, 70% who want to exploit it, and 20% who want to be on TV
is hands down the best worker in the biz.
me: "you need a can?" Dylan: "yea, grizzly mint pouches please"
wait, did you take all those pics?
Hold Fast Hangers are great even if you don't know how to fold a shirt
did you find out what time the game is??
Right Kim kilt Nicki in that song..u lil kim clone clown all nickis buffoonery shit needs stop NOW! Lol
ah congrats Beth! Sign up for & follow my wedding board :) you get great ideas on pinterest!
today is your day shouldn't you be out celebrating
aww, good to hear from you too. Let me guess, team Santorum?
March 1789 The Constitution of the United States of America goes into effect
Getting ready to meet with our Creative Council & Adopt-a-Nonprofit reps tonight! Can't believe it's our last meeting of 2011 already!
Looking for enchanting indie film starring Parker Posey? Try Broken English. A story about human experience more than being a single woman.
thanks...at least wanna be able to get through the game
Hope lee likes his "waterpipe" lol
So True.We should leave ur lifes to the fullest n make it a big time day n live life big time ?u to b happy?
"A leader is a dealer in hope." ~Napoleon Bonaparte
Must be talking about Windows shops
Recycled material - disappointing. Tom is here for the #adelaidefringe can't wait to see him!
Thanks to new followers. . Have a great evening and a happy halloween.
Except around Halloween, and only if it's used by someone in a ghost costume.
Looking into emergent design and finding Robocode-ah what a great intro to Java. I did not end it thinking about how modular the code was...
if he's not rapping about money, girls, clothes etc. what is he rapping about?
Must have been inspiring for them to see former Badger 's locker. Looks like you just missed him.
Correspondence, client ms, contracts, process monies
Dear fake Dave Grohl . . . do you know that song, "Ain't Nothin' Like the Real Thing? Well, its true.
Matt, your new avatar is confusing me, lol. :)
I need yet another social media addiction, right? ;)
Excited to be at the 1st annual Tech & Analytics Conference with colleagues...analyzing Twitter for public opinion & more
did u get to peep playa?
where can you find it:( im so freaking emotional right now and I don't break easily
So many couples on the beach
Great day at the track til we hit 16000 rpm. Went south from there
I never slapped you I high fived your face :3
Yep, same mindset here. Hah
Love doesnt stand for Legs Open Very Easy!
Happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy. Hour!!!!!!!!!!
And we'll rise up our glasses against evil forces singin' "Whiskey for my men & Beer for my horses"
RT : Fantastic dinner yesterday evening with with a few executives, Amr and Doug, Thank you Amber, we loved it
After reading a ton of articles on Fireworks yesterday/today, I have no idea what to use anymore. Illustrator? PS? Fireworks? And when!? :'(
So glad and Khloe came to visit me! Love you guys
"Do You Love Me" by
hold on Hold On HOLD ON!....I DO NOT creep, boo boo...THEY come to me, I just have to make myself visible, thanks LOL
I'm worrie about has any one seen her!?
Anyone interested in doing a low-tech music video for barter? Stills w/ style, hip but homegrown. Can offer voice lessons, psychic reading..
wow they playing videos on MTV what a surprise
Thanks to some my followers!
Thanks you are so nice by the way you actually seen chloe good for you she is a nice girl but whats up with you.
Hi Steve, how was your week?
Too cool! , CMO, speaking
The carpet on the 2nd & 3rd stairs has been fixed. Normal traffic resumes!
Happy birthday, friend!!
nothing girl!
Fewer things seem out of place at the rough-hewn DefCon hacker convention than a swarm of kids.
EOC time in normal classes = song writing...that's what's up.
You know who also has an ugly ass face? Justin Bieber. Wait, didn't he just LOSE AN AWARD TO BRUNO MARS? I think so. ;)
let's all become a corporation and go to law school as "a person."
so so sad dude
#CapeCoral, If you feel as though you are being mistreated at work, call the Law Office of Geralyn Noonan!
Shout out to D Wade for the foul..
Why can't. Just like me for me? I wanna Be like Romeo and Juliet. You don't care what others say. All you care about is us.
In hand ~ 'after-party pass' to Heaton Festival / Manchester, UK; (Ruby Lounge); fellow merry-makers: Stone Roses/Vaccines :)
What? Where? Take me with you next time...
josh & kelsey from are gonna be on stickam tonight! 8pm central, that 6pm for all you west coasters ;D be there<333
Every time we got back on our bikes yelled 'ruff ryders mount up!' hahahaha then we all sang dmx.
Don't you love it when your parents rush you to get ready, and when you're done, you end up waiting for them..
Best news ever, or what? Right?! We're thrilled :) RT : that is awesome! Cant wait
For short life cycle products, better sales force product trng creates faster effectiveness ramp-up; adding revenue otherwise lost forever.
Autumn Rowe is back in LA
More importantly: Where do you get a candle that requires screws and batteries?
"bucks no where close to me" Huh!?!? The DD cup was confusing enuff.
Make sure you report for his campaign #spam on twitter today
unless it's followed by "MUCH LIKE THE GRIM SPECTER OF DEATH WILL SWEEP OVER US ALL SOMEDAY"
Loudly singing to the radio!
#scrapplenation is a great hashtag too, because if you think about it... #scrapple is a metaphor for the united states! ;-)
: My #English569 is pleased to welcome Deb Kuzawa to #OSUMarion. She's collecting LNs from adult female/trans students today.
All this cos they're playing a bowling alley?
This boat sucks haha. "Cause when you try hard, is when you die hard."
Did the gentleman in the elevator just ask if lingerie was on the 5th floor?
Pacers win?! Weird.
I'm an Oriole fan, but also a Baseball fan. Sometimes you just gotta tip your cap.
facebook is dead . i wanna see how many followers come to twitter xD get it ? haha
"This is education's Internet moment." -
absolutely! No fault in speaking truth.
Lol! That's ok, accidents do happen :)
that needs fixing;)
Holy avi, Ana!
The girls over at Simply Bloom
Are there any good t-shirts on the market? There should be.
Watching #mystrangeaddiction ... quite an interesting show.
What's more attractive then a silk shirt with a Looney Tunes tie? The answer, my friends, is nothing.
mhm obviously :) I have not see you in forever.. come visit me and ang... not Andrew
Each chapter in 's *How to Do Things with Videogames* really is a (well-written) essay.
RT - I know when my Cleveland Indians get back to the World Series and have a chance to close it out I WILL be there to...
oh ya, i dumped streaming when they changed the structure, haven't missed that at all.
you guys should make an app...I would definitely download it :D
: Social Media Club Hawaii (SMCHI) is having an event on timesaving tools on May 14, interested in Skyping in for a demo?
I believe I have a shit ton at my house. hahah Jacob does. c:
I can't read my book cause everyone is screaming about the HEAT game, stfu before I unplug the t.v they suck anyways!
We are sponsoring the 2012 Emmy Awards Gala on June 9th here in Atlanta. Looking for 3 hostesses to work the event. Tweet us if interested!
What's on the fitness agenda today friends?! I'm thinking yoga. Want to try an at home version. Anyone have a fave YouTube or tv one?
no, they just kept mentioning that it was his first show in a while so they wanted us pumped!
But yes, let's talk Dojo! Want to roll out plans to get it going-- maybe we can come up w/ a skeleton plan :)
Jason or nick or mike
Waiting for a specific person to text me. Tweets keep psychin' me out.
My friend Tony has a great studio and is offering 5 FREE hours of recording time. Pass this contest link on to your musical friends....
let me know if that's a good movie, I want to see it!
Sharing stage w/ Dead Relatives and Heart Like Fire! Cruise by the Epicentre today We're up first so cruise early.
": Kissing a girl on the cheek(good) kissing girl in the mouth (awesome) Kissing girl in front of her ex (boss)"
RT : Looking forward to being part of New Pros Night!
bring hot friends for u and her next time
DAUGHTERS !!! YES!!! That was the song I Was looking for !!! I've been wanting to know the name for a long time ! Thanks Cody
Keeping our members who live in the storm affected areas in our thoughts and prayers and wishing them all well.
#BOYFRIENDonITUNES i wanna see it!!!!! post it!!!!:)
-- rather, they enable most of my system to be sufficed by multiple vendors. And I can deliberately isolate aspects of vendors.
I just clicked "Learn More" and got ... mailto:. Ugh.
Rihanna in Poland! I can not wait to see the concert!
Pajama day tomorrow...
oh jeez I thought so! Happy birthday girl
Thanks for the RT !
Just listened to tell some funny/inspiring stories!
The Airport and Hospital body scanners should be combined. Good news no bomb in your pocket and that mole is nothing to worry about.
is so sexy he grew up and got sexy i love his voice and he can sing
If one asked us to define #CrossFit Community in two words, our response would be: Peter Egyed
I only want to know 1 thing from city/ at this point, what properties are we paying ground rent on & why
New tweet goal to tweet 5 times a day.
i love being the underdog makes me enjoy the game that much MORE..
Happy Phat Tuesday! Just acknowledging all the hungry supporters that OC fair is going on!!!
Happy Weekend everyone!! Looking forward to spending some quality time with my Dad today. :)
Bummer. My book, The Bearded Gentleman: The Style Guide to Shaving Face, is officially in the bargain bin on Amazon.com. Boo! Buy it now! Ha
you are such a cutie. follow me? :)
Think I twisted my ankle...
“: City Engine 7 carrying FF Daniel Sweeney arrives at St. Cecilia.”
Hey stranger! So great to see your face on GCB!! Miss you and hope life's treating you well!
It's the worst feeling ever when the snack bar runs out of parfaits :(
loved your insights and the way you delivered them at #DBC2012. Can't wait to see what is pouring next year.
go lady go! 26 hours and 22 min!
Tough 8 miles this morning only 14 hours after last night's hill workout. What was I thinking..
I believe that mosquietos are vampires-in-training.
Chinese food...
We have a deal coming up soon that wine connoisseurs will appreciate. What's your favorite screw top wine?
Jeter had that
and the strange thing is I failed GCSE English first time around
Dan Wheldon earned the name legend in so many ways... unfortunately, one too many today. RIP Dan. You will be missed! :(
Mkaay , My Dads Pissinn Me Off... GO HOME , Always Talkinng Sh*t About Vegas Peoplee !
why kind of spree?? Because if it involves following me, I will be very happy:)<3
the leftovers was better than the main course, bitch .
will I see u tonight at #DomesticDisobedience? It's here!
Why is everyone so lazy nowadays??? Whatever happened to being proactive?? Working hard?? I need 2 find some hard workers 2 compete with...
There's no way it's 77 degrees outside.
hooters wings for dinner!!! :D
Its 1:00 and familly just left home to ireland.
The difference between the #ideology of most "#conservatives" today & that of liberals is ideology of #liberals emphasizes
*looks down* yeah.
Can't tweet about the Madness of Michelle Bachmann event because of the madness of the Michele Bachmann event!
We appreciate that post on thanks for the support!
Over the years as a wife and mother, she felt like she had lost herself and didn't know who she was anymore
i am soo sorry again..i feel horrible.
Are these for the Spring game on Sunday?
U.S history EOC is over with!
As you journey through life take a minute every now and then to give a thought for the other fellow. He could be plotting something.
Follow us back we carry Lavie in our store
knoxville! How've you been dude?
Being drunk and lost sucks. I was looking for my hotel room for 3 hours lol
The first of December was cloudy and cold, and so was the turnpike from Stockbridge to Boston. Hello month #12. Take us on home.
Okay… : Damn didn't know this man people didn't want me in #NY might just get what you asking for! #sorrykidz”
I have direct tv so the channels are different I can't find shit to watch lol even tho I have a zillion channels
thanks for the mention - Happy #WW!
I'm never gonna fucking graduate am I
hahaha! That actually sounds yummy twitpics please
catcher is where we use to hide THAT woman...the 1 who had never seen a softball, let alone play...
Love the Kelly Hrudey shoutout by Emrick. My first ever favorite player growing up.
so yu make yourself look scary lmao
“: Listen carefully in silence and stillness You will find the music of your heart #thoughtsoftheheart” Absolutely beautiful.
followed & please LIKE the links. :)<3
I been good just living dealing with my crazy ass boyfriend out here lol. How have you and your girl been? Where my video?
Facebook is like a fridge.. Even when when u know there's nothing new going on, u still go on and check it every 10 minutes.. ;P
¤ It is often merely for an excuse that we say things are impossible. Francois de La Rochefoucauld
I apologize i saved you zero bratwurst. Therefore, I am a less than adequate friend and co-worker. I hope one day you will forgive
Teak Sake Lounge! New years! Doors Open @ 8:00,NoCover,Free Sushi apps, All bottles are $100 with complimentary bottle of champagne!
A toast to Camille Cruz! Thank you so much for helping out!
Super-great afternoon. Found a 9 year old dvd from the archives and came through for a client. Can't believe it still plays!
always girl! Making that bank or sleeping if I'm not lol
Wow. No mood.
Who the hell is that obnoxious fan who thinks hes a coach? Sit your ass down
Pay-per-view of Sagan vs Cav head to head?
Not too late to add a VIP Tour to your trip. More fun and less waiting. Click www.eartothere.com to find out more!
The greatness of a man is not in how much wealth he acquires, but in his integrity and his ability to affect those around him positively
The Tri-City Americans just beat the Spokane Chiefs 2-1 in game three of the Western Conference semifinals.
and my name not no damn Treyshara it's thickness to yu! Oh and why tf the golden girls on Lolz
people always say "follow your heart" but its the piece of u that always gets stepped on...........
Celebrate the Civil War in song with the Washington Symphonic Brass, Fall 2011 Don't Miss This!
If ur interested in Jackson 20, The Grille or BRABO let us know and we'll get you in touch with right person to chat further!
Enough is enough!!! Sell the team and move it somewhere!
This conversation I'm having with tho.. I'm only half midget. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Wasn't that a heckuva match?
The Silk Tie likes Dave! No tie in your profile pic? We can help, thesilktie.com
Love you kelly, xoxoxo
Okay. Let's just be a little bitch && hang up on Cassandra.
Prefinished Brazilian Walnut 3/4" x 3"- Natural dark deep brown tones -Exceptionally durable. In-stock now!
Clearly Rick's not a chess player. Pawns are worthless!
Just finished up a 3 hour rehearsal with Crooked and it seemed like 30 minutes.
It's good that Hastings acknowledges the film school types now. His "chief content officer" said a few weeks ago that DVDs
Spread the word, college journalists from across US have the floor in today's #ASNEchat, I'm hosting and hope you'll join. 11 Pac/2 ET
Just saw a softball score from tonight. Waterloo 49, New Glarus 0. Is this real?
All of my exes are stupid ignorant pieces of shit ( :
Oh man.
Pain is inevitable. Suffering is optional.
I should have stayed at Tahquitz.. I would have at least followed through with my sports.. smh classes here are easy tho
RT : Nothing will ever get me to return my library books on time (and Im a librarian)
... by tricyclic antidepressants seems to be dose-dependent. Treatment should therefore consist of discontinuing ..
you can do it Betsy!!!! I'm making more of an effort to workout because of you & reading what you're doing :)
oh i see. is your data public? if so, it'd be good to see the irregularities you have to deal with. thx
Off to Clatter & Din for some ADR..
"When im wit her its only bout tha SEX"
FUCK THE RECESSION, THE WORLD NEEDS A BLESSING! #TeamObama RT
RT : Kathy Nickolaus is the #5 trending topic in the entire god damn United States.
Art develops cultures and brings about new perspectives.
great photo! more information please.. where was it taken? what is the story behind it?
Shoot time to get up already. But my body doesn't want to...
Centaurus up 13-2 at the half. Four Warriors have 4 goals.
IM HIGHER DEN UH RESEARCH MONKEY!!!!!!!!..
Be a good listener. Your ears will never get you in trouble.
Where is my LIBRA MAN???? LOL! #Imissmesumu!!!
#Theweird Face one makes when taking a morning stretch.......
Everyone follow then click the link on his bio and chalk out his band! #Break!TheSilence
The #royalwedding has restored by faith in love and loyalty (sigh)...can't wait to attend British watching party after work!
Oh god.
How u gon be happy bout $200
A lovely wednesday night watching TV....just relaxing ah!!!!!
Not even going to touch that reply.
hi sexy
. My passion is connecting learners with learning & w/ each other. Love when learners find info on how to make job easier.
Uh oh...what abt the coach? U may want 2 speak w/ur athletic director or dr. Burnim Mac
i used to watch paranormal state and ghost hunters, but i just like GAC a lot better bc they actually find stuff! ha
thx bro. We need to get up soon
I know it's bullshit!!!!!
I'm not downloading that app until they #RenewRinger ..
There's a door in the corner at the other end of the room from Ian, just past my room. Thru there & straight ahead are Phil's birds
ALL THE WAY! #phenomenal #number1 Just like last season!!!
How do you not <3 ?
Started quite a discussion on FB, what's your take? What's cheaper: outing out at restaurants or buying food and eating in?
you should be trick!
Get rid of these BUMs. They are not making sense
I think i'll get my eyebrows threaded instead
Want the latest headlines and behind-the-scenes updates from the campaign? Then follow the new
Girls ignore nice guys, Chase assholes, Then have the nerve to complain about it....
seriously want a vacation !
Ran in the rain today <U+263A>
Visit the Hirshberg Training Team booth#716 at the #LAMarathon Expo & receive a FREE wristband! Fight #Pancreatic Cancer!
A little late Keuring Coffee move keeps #TheBigCheeShow work going into the night...
Now you're talking! But wouldn't go for that.
WAIT. points aren't weighted to the later rounds? who set up this pool anyway?
Congrats! Where?
never heard of that but the1 I use is the andis80345 which works well and costs abt $22...can't help with the hair though :/
Prince William's ain't do it right if you ask me Cause if I was him I would have married Kate & Ashley
bahhhhhhhhhhhahaha. i missed
Serves him right...as Vince would say, "SHAME, SHAME!"
my throat is killing me. yuuuckkk.
Pleasure to enjoy some with you and ;)
wait who is #KendrickLamar!?
for real i would've been outta there: it's a plane FULL of parachutes!
I wish. I had to rip my DVDs.
hell f*ckin yeah!
Have a Blast in Vegas!! Hope I can take ur Class Some Dayy IaMmE!!
Grubbing at the
In Venezuela there were 10.4 million internet users in March 2011. More than 8 million use Facebook and 2.3 million are on Twitter.
#AGirlJustWants Someone Who Will Be Honest With Them && Never Turn Their Back On Them.
Preparing for a callback! :-)
hey remember when you said you cant dance? yeah you are a FUCKING SEXY ASS dancer now. you should dance more often.
#Loser - The People don't want someone with a record of lies, leadership failures and corporate puppetry
Tressel on campus at Akron, still sporting sweater vest - Columbus Business First
lesson of the day: if you wait until you feel like doing something you'll never accomplish it. just do what you gotta do, to get stuff done!
i got so excited when I saw them I nearly ran up the curb. :)
Someone sabotaged my roller blades! Flailing all over the place...who took off the brakes?! :-)
Just took a moment to answer my first #stackoverflow question in 5+ months. A little scared of catching that bug again.
congratulations! Keep up the good work lil mama
- I would do the same if I could fail. Keep throwing myself out there and grab as many opportunities as possible!
"Awareness is a refuge;awareness of changes in attitudes,moods, materials & emotions.Stay w/ that b/c it is a refuge that is indestructible"
Consol crowd sucks.
I love Hurley and Sawyer
Please remember me
Tonight’s performance is by our favorites, the wonderful 19th Street Band! What is your favorite song they play?
a pair from someone to save yourself money.
something like that haha
It's what I'm here for to make corrections on USA Women's Soccer moments that happened when Coolio was No. 1 on the charts.
we're probably driving side by side on NYS Thruway. Of course this is a rest stop tweet:) before the Tap
And its about to be a documentary.. if that doesn't say old.. then idk what does...
Rumors of my slumping demise have been greatly exaggerated.
#RunsHandOver arms and back And neck
I can talk to anyone else, but I know you'll be the one who actually cares. Well. The old you.
We should run on the values that we're proud of and if we can do that, we can elect Baldwin and Obama this fall.
Millions of $$ are spent on political #consultants & #communication coaches in hope of imparting to their chosen candidate(s) an extra edge
nobody knows your mom like you do take your time..u r not required to do anything at all.just her god n u like u n she know u2b
1 of best panels ever on 2nite. Nice take on '12 session. Excellent work
don't eat Oreos. The creeme is one molecule away from being plastic.
uh, Skypecall? For G+Hangout, you're on your own;-)
Interested in LA's artists from 60's? On Friday Hunter Drohojowska-Philp reads from her "Rebels In Paradise" at Vroman's. Many cool tales.
RT : Does anyone remember paper? It's like a Mac but you have to cut down a tree -
I am so happy for myself I can fit one of Bethany's shirts!!
Idea: "DNC" list for students recorded as having debt. So.... in NYUs case, pretty much everyone.
call me big mama
their dreams come true. You can check out one part of my dream, and let me know what you think. Thanks in advance! :) Have a good one!!
should I kill a man for wounding me, and a young man for harming me?
What's really funny is the NC vote is somehow Obama's fault, not the crazy LCR brethren in the NC legislature.
STAUPPPP TRAUMATIZING ME.. WHO AM I CAN YOU GUESS? ITS A REALLY EASY QUESTION! BUT STOP FAVOURITING EVERYTHING!
#FamousLies : You have nothing to worry about. Call me if there's anything you need. Whatever I can do to help. Everything is just fine.
im going to make it my mission to talk to her next semester
#StarBucks is gonna sell beer and wine! Whats gonna b cheaper: the electric buzz from coffee or the mellow buzz from alcohol?
There are going to be some sweet racing going on this weekend with some of our friends...details soon!
My birthday is may 7 th so close
": 2 hours movie, 40 second sex scene...guess which part your parents walk in on?"
that'd be greater me know when you and Leila are in town! We can meet at
Wow how does that happen? What camera?
Thanks! I'm trying. Big Time is helping. ^__^
thank you so much :)
Cool. Hope you like it!
I'm about 1 hr from there, but will be driving thru Thurs eve. Whatcha doing in NH? Avail 4 dinner/drink?
The Center for the Study of Los Angeles has released a poll on Measure R in advance of Mayor 's State of the City speech ...
fan of your amazing tweets(: & no i've watched them since ABDC & was a fan but I'm more of a fan now (:
I would like to introduce you to - which is all about "Twilight"
P.P.S. Methinks she dost protest too much...
Homemade 3 cheese macaroni? Don't mind if I do!
easily the dirty chisox for me! But I grew up trying to catch the Indians on 's broadcasts.
Exhibiting artist is at the PRC for portfolio reviews today! Tomorrow she will be back for an artist talk & reception at 5:30
“: #FancyFridays at THINK TANK is about to hit cruise control. #itsAparty. -RAAAAH
Will be raising my rates for article writing, effective 9/15. So is you want good content for $10 an article, act now -
thank you, thank you! big hugz
grab me a water bro
ah, what's wrong?!
Good choice! RT With their first pick in the 2012 draft, I think the #Patriots will draft
aah i wish i could go! can't wait until the next time he comes back to chicago! :)
My Name is Franklyn Omar Duarte Galarza I am hijo of parents American and Mexico
I was invited to leave the interagency Emergency Ops Center at Santa Fe Natl Guard armory... (NO press!)
You get mad at me for liking tbh statues..... I dot get mad at you for tiny chatting with other guys.....
I spent 1 hour and 40 minutes bicycling. 1,274 calories burned.
I want to write a poem about Real Housewives of Atlanta.
. We're so excited to be attending #IRA2012 and speaking to others about #ZillyDilly!
Your strengths justify your relevance.. Your flaws justify.. You
Rick Ross Signs Omarion to MMG! Reveals &quot;God Forgives, I Don&#39;t ...
How can a business dispose of computer hardware in an environmentally safe way? (10-15 pc's and peripherals)
Just tapped Two Beers Evo IPA.
Not going to lie One Direction was really good
Great! Running around this afternoon. Maybe the Beer for Bloggers thing at 5:30?
Best title for a journal article that I've seen all day: "Unfortunately, It Is a Bit More Complex: Reflections on <U+0388><U+03BD><U+03AD><U+03C1><U+03B3>e<U+03B9>a."
ah finally on a computer c;
Pets do not belong in cages. Give them the respect and love they deserve.
Free pancakes for everyone every day.
Hi, I will like your facebook page, please resend the link, this one is not working. Thank you!
It's amazing how things change when seen with that morning light. The same location can look very different from day to day.
I'm sorry but I can't be tweeting my personal problems to the world.
how was installing garage doors today for Tom?
Don't let anyone else bring you down or make you feel worthless, because we are precious in God's eyes.
Occupy no more -- downtown portland can now smell fresh again. soon. hopefully. except all the homeless ppl will move just 1 block over.
The media only covers controversial issues and pollsters only measure the divisions.
i was like, "what is a drink that will make me hyper & slutty and then cry before falling asleep?" 2 irish coffees with 8 shots in each.
Since we'll be driving no whiskey for us, but DEFINITELY looking forward to the cupcakes!
I miss being called GAGA at school !! Ughh hate this new school ! Everybody knows me as francis
That's not encouraging news. I have been hit on by several Spanish guys in their 60's but I'm in my 30's :(
I was the one who held him all night .
Yes, please.
BIG MACK'S FOR EVERYBODY!
y tu ? Sleeping
A SEPARATION was excellent! Worth the long wait, so my Cleve film fans do your selves a favor and check it out!
music coming this week love!
Made ice cream this weekend with rice milk, guar gum, turbinado sugar, and almond extract. Was OK but a bit strange...!
That sounds delish... I am so hungry right now, I could eat top ramon. Oh wait...
Makes too much sense?
not sure about app, but I believe does that on the website
Upon being released by the Colts, oft-injured safety Bob Sanders accidently let the door hit him in the ass. He fell, and tore his ACL.
I'm watching some stupid thing on Netflix called "the facebook obsession". Idk why tho cause I don't even have a Facebook.
Puny god.
Found a wallet in Waikiki. A police officer tells me to take the $$ and ditch it. Or whatever lets me sleep at night.. Really?
Holy Crap Vampire Diaries! Seriously!!
Congrats Kobe on passing Jordan in All Star pts! So sorry about your broken nose, thanks !! Grrrr! Lol
Swallow The Leaders
If you need any design work for your new range, feel free to contact me.
#Shamrock and Shenanigans starts in 4 hours! Anyone wearing Green gets in for #FREE! See you tonight only
I hate But who is he? Can somebody explain me? I never heard of his voice btw.
U know whats god im following u
Thanks...I can't wait!
I almost forgot how big of a hater you were until I got back on twitter. I guess now I give you something to do with ur life HA
Or did not work well the first time or were used in a harmful way. Bad methods doesn't mean the entire practice is bad.
haha! I can't decide whether the mullet is worse on men or women.
I'm exhausted!
I was referring to Quit touching my volume hoe, I don't want to be a grinch in the morning. You should jam too!
needs a job!
i do does the penguin have membership ajhah
Great 4step presentation from about
Let me get this right BYU - it's cool to marry 4 women at a time, but pre-marital sex is a no go? Awesome, where do I sign up?
I love this movie though
": “The happiness of your life depends upon the quality of your thoughts.” ~Marcus Aurelius"
hmm. Makes sense. Thanks for the insight bruh
How has that gone?
Talking to one of the hottest girls I've seen in my life. I'm sure I'll fuck this up.
I don't deserve you.
GAHHHH , I'm so bored at home I can't read my timeline but I can send tweet and receive .
Productive day. Now to do something unproductive.
my girlfriend broke both her arms, guess i should give it a rest on the banjo lessons...
Crazy weather in Edmonds - huge hail, thunder & lightning. I don't think I've ever seen hail this large before
if this
Late to the game, buddy. I bought Internet last week. RT : ARE YOU MOVING TO A PLACE WITH INTERNET?
I love hearing "Hi, Chicago!" from the awesome students
while you're here, you should stop by my house ;)
Spending the weekend at the river. Fireworks tomorrow!
You can have my old hoes just remember you driving what I was driving like a year ago
thanks for the love :)
When do you take 5 hour energy ?
Im bouta go run around the class
haha! That's awesome, so glad to hear. It'll be a great time. We're going to post videos soon!
Just met chris rock awesome
and my phone is stupid
I know Jacques! I am still trying to figure it out... Let's see what happens!
curly. Duh.
SharePoint Tip: Basic workflows are Approval & Collect Feedback-send a document 4 Approval to Publish or Release & collect feedback.
For all the Bulls fans freaking out, please check what the Bucks are doing to the Heat. This is not going to be an easy season for anyone.
Best Chef Pacific Matt Molina from in LA -started as line cook / inspiration for young chefs
aww, I love her to pieces!! What a compliment!!
: Why is that?
I hate it when managers are platoon split driven. It depends on the situation, but it shouldn't take precedence over stuff.
#Mets never had a no hitter in 50 yrs. Ex-Mets to throw no-nos: Ryan, Seaver, Mike Scott, Gooden, Cone... and now Philip Humber.
I like it when my house smells like fresh laundry. Best part of laundry day
scary tweet lol
I like the signing, but wait for the contract numbers to come out. Let's see what the response is then
Oh wait thats passing :D
If I just added you from Glee follow me back! and check out my websites and check out my credits from working on Glee!
"Sometimes, the most important words are also the ones left unsaid"
Dnt trip they gone win the ring
Oh this season finale is gonna hurt.
I text you and you ask what do i want.
That's great! Just met with a vender who is interested in the event! Talk Soon!
#FF to all our lovely twitter followers out there! xoxo
made good progress on the Be In Love music video this weekend. Can't wait to share with you.
ik i told my mom you werent going therefore i would be lonely& loneliness leads to depression&depression leads to suicide.
Dancers, especially ballet.
I'm such a mean girlfriend <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
I'm pretty sure my glasses are crooked.
is the baddest in it
Jeremy said that's a dangerous piercing and if it gets infected that it can kill you.
Hey no prob... Thanks for the RT!!!
We all want love .
WOW! Repairing my Bike's tires are really getting old. These streets n the Inner City of L.A need cleaning!
Morning! Btw no school for me... Performance day.
Thats a cute name. Can I get your # and we can txt to know each other better
At the Comcast office and there is a lot of yelling going on
man you dont have to say nun
I'm so super awkward.
Why I oughta.. <shakes fist> :)
FYI, I'll do this either later tonight or first thing in the a.m.! GREAT pics.
Follow up. Then #rollingstone ranks #neilyoung as number 17? Maybe the worst musician on 100 greatest guitarists. His solos are one note!
are you a fan of All Time Low?
Great game Hak. You should be starting...
Saltalamacchia goes to bat to "Rock Me Amadeus" lmao
Flex alert today and likely all weekend. Conserve electricity where possible. Avoid the big "e-pig", the A/C; go to a movie to stay cool.
WE ARE ON A MISSION I AM THERE IN SPIRIT
Are you telling me that Blink is releasing a song tonight!?
true...eating that heavy breakfast that late at night?
Think my whole family move slow lol
In Music Meeting- One Eskimo “Kandi” like it… looking forward to the Big Room tomorrow
Thanks for a great panel!
Still getting over having to miss DAMSELS IN DISTRESS this morning.
occupiedmedia.us ~ An Ordinary Person’s Guide to Overthrowing the Corporate Elites via
I put them away lol
“This is all happening because my father didn’t buy me a train set as a kid
she can have my go at them...LOL...i can tolerate them to a degree, but not the crazy looping ones, etc..
btw congrats on being cancer free that's an amazing positive thing...good for you!!
bout to do like i did bacc n 2007 go to school and go to work again so i can go bacc to my old life again it is here.
Is there anybody out there? Did the NW suddenly become scared of rain? The block is dead.
Who needs tixs??!! I'll be out and about today to meet up!
Registration for #THATCampOSU is full! Time to start a wait list...
yeah defiantly.. his old music is getting over rated lol
Traffic tweet brought to you by #TacoBell: accident at Parmer and Dessau
My job just gave us free brownies...#four20 ?
I got Nuthin but LBS for ya baby
Not a fan of HIT, or not a fan of current HIT market? I'd likely have sympathy for the latter...
Watching Firefly and the Guild to get ready for Comic Con. #sdcc Didn't realize Zac Efron was in firefly.
Got me all out my element dude
What's going own #TWITTERWORLD ?!
We should support #wdytya no matter who the celebrity is -- the ancestral story is key. Tonight's focus is on Jewish ancestry.
Next week's music news probably won't top everything that has happened this week, but it's definitely going to be damn exciting
Stamped Concrete Patio Time , Pool Decks Too
No monorail mess today for FDP convention.
You're an idiot...
PERSONAL & DOG TRAINER!
has a quiz or test everyday!! school sucks.
tough call. I can't find a p&s that satisfies, so I usually either bring the 5d or the Bessa R3M if I want something smaller.
Stomach making weird gurgling noises.... why am I hungry?!? I had a big dinner!!
#IfIRanSportsCenter id have on as a host he jus knows everything
Yep, PR not for you...human hater :-)
#HappyBirthdayJosephMorgan the awesome Klaus from Vampire Diaries
Andrew's gonna make me a drink. Woo
I have a dig bick. You this read wrong. The awkward when you read that wrong. You also said "moment" after awkward
#NP Mayer Hawthorne - A Long Time
Suns could win last 2 and not get in if Rockets win last 2, Nuggets lose last 3 and Jazz lose last 2. They would be 3rd in 3-way w DEN-HOU.
Want to advertise your holiday specials with a custom QR code? Ask us for pricing information and more details today!
not sure I'll ask when he gets home...thx!
You just calm down
why is that?
whoever it is does an outstanding job in setting strategy and tactics with reference to positioning NBC
Trippy ass niggas in this bitch ...
Paint mee yeah I gotta yellin out paint me yeeeaaahhhhhhhhhh
The hubs is finally back so now I can focus on gearing up for a busy weekend starting first thing tomorrow mornin' TGIF!!!!
Who will be the next miss new jersey USA 2012?
My phone charger just broke..
Thx... Being taken care of.
Guys that like little kids >
Thank goodness! I was so worried I'd miss it. Plan to go next weekend. Awesome photo. :)
Lmaoo. I Have To Put A Trash Bag Over My Foot.
It is killing me that my previous tweet is missing punctuation. I'm a professional editor, for crying out loud.
Baylor and Colorado is exciting basketball.
The Washington Redskins traded up to get the 2nd pick in the draft giving up 2 future 1st round picks. Damn. Going Blind Wheels.
Obama to Propose College-Aid Changes - Wall Street Journal
it was over before it started
S-Troupe auditions continue today. Break a leg, everybody trying out!
Here we go Giancarlo its time!
and I'm gonna need some wine! :) how about wed or thurs?
Good night guys
You want me to get a parking decal? That's adorable...
RT : ok we see ya fresh cut<< if my boo says its fresh then it must be <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Anyone can make you smile or cry but, it takes someone special to make you smile when already have tears in your eyes.<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
I'll put in Orton (if only to save face)
Some diner owner should get smart & do em in Cortland. Very impressed by ur drunken spelling tonight, or is Autocorrect on?
Oh yeah twitter - I forgot about you
Working my poor fingers to the bone, not really but I'm excited to redo my fade-out.
I so wish I was there - going to be an awesome day and game! HERE WE GO STEELERS HERE WE GO!
Another day of work over. 4 more days and the weekend comes.
i feel like im out here on my 10 toes by myself
Muchas Gracias to all who came out yesterday to celebrate with us. Great times!! Go #Bulls!
I think the whole city is singing "O Canada".
Defending rights of business...
im working on it brah. Rome wasnt built in one day
Using for the first time tonight to follow #libchat! Will probably use this in the future to follow less enlightening hashtags...
My manager is going to contact you later this week bout a feature. We are throwing my release party in Hollywood next week.
oh yeah beers tours take me away
#WeirdAlYankovic is going to be at Warner Theatre on June 18th!
RT : Had to play that on repeat a few times... sorry... anyways, #NowPlaying - Give Ya - Drake ft Trey Songz and sum other dude
- yeah, I feel like Facebook got a total pass on that from sec. Straight marketing piece. Lacks substance in my opinion
FREE Dina's Organic Chocolates tasting today from 2-6 PM, only at the Chocolate Library. 111 St. Marks Place
make sure you are drinking plenty of water!
Hot tub and vodka night
Benefit for Chicago Zine Fest Tonight at Beauty Bar 1444 W Chicago 7-10pm 7pm Hosted Bar, 8pm Bingo, 9pm DJ Steve Kane! Thanks, Beauty Bar!
according to certain "people" cough CRough cough, we might be, but being the most frequently visible we are the best representation.
Is anyone else confused by Google+? Spending time creating a profile and not finding friends/family/acquaintances to share with is a bummer.
Thanks for the follow! So happy/proud a family member finally quit smoking a year ago and has been smoke-free since!
Kites rise against, not with, the wind. ~John Neal
she said the gloves tasted better than the duct tape.
Strippin on the bus cause its so damn hot ,
To-go daiquiri obtained. Decided against the one containing grain alcohol. Weird.
Looking for an assitant Cook with cooking experience (Part Time). Please call The Black Bear Inn Tel. 303 823-6812
#PirateCulture just fascinates me #com106 and I want to look into it more.
madonna needs to either a) hide, or b) die.
Are we gonna hear any new music soon? I'm so excited for new music from you guys. <3
": 40 percent of women have thrown shoes at a man." here is another good site :-)
What would success look like for you today? Picture it- then go for it;)
If God blessed a person with gifts, favor, skills AND they were diligent and prospered seems only right that GOVT can scoop off the top!
Dang my meditation sessions are starting to get DEEP!
Mastermind made it into Comic-con! RT : Countdown to world domination - 21 days, 16 hours... Thursday, July 22nd at 9:45 PM...
Just in bed listening to &
hello hello:)
"We're sneaky bitches!"
Remember back when they all cried Disco sucks? Yeah, well they lied!
whatever bitch
Who is my bf gonna be?
don't miss your chance to see in San Jose!
no trampline this year? I still have that hook up.
Pizza of the Day: Delicious BBQ Chicken!!! Come get before the rain get does!
black the sale there is nothing....where u tryin to go black Friday???I leave early in the am
Haye's Walk On By? One of the best covers ever. Thanks for reminding me. How you be?
oh ok
Seems ok to me. Never said anything untoward.
yes!! can you bring it home with you?
God What Do I Do?
aww I want one!!
Lower back: lower back pain with pain at the buttocks
Pretty sure my nuggets can take em tonight!
hmm.. $54 for the VIP pkg.. Not to bad..
Im too salty .
Be clear on social media if you're getting into advocacy
Yeah just Sat. You? Did you want to Sunday too?
FWIW the loss of Michael Pineda for the season potentially had very little impact on the #Yankees forecast.
It's crazy to see successful artists/producers supporting local Orlando djs!! #soproud haha
How to capture the richness of living?
looks like ill be heading to rottenwood tonight!
Happy Mothers Day to all the moms and fathers who have dual rolls as dads and moms. This day is for you!
Is your book not available on the Ipad or Kindle? Tell me it isn't so. I have several people who need this book now.
What people obviously don't understand : No one is forcing you to watch the Pro Bowl.
Bee Keepers are also part time honey smugglers.
What happened to summer?
no problem dear! :D I believe I told you I would always be here for you,and I don't plan on breaking that promise. :)
When you think you've come to the end of your road,kick er into 4x4 & make your own path!(been having to do that a lot lately in this snow)
USA is getting lucky here early against Spain.
Have a great Thanksgiving everyone.
Happy Birthday to my gorgeous, fascinating, intelligent and passionate wifey, !! Hope today licks you as well as I would! lol
Donations drop for Susan G. Komen Race for the Cure in Minnesota ...
Across the Universe until sleep ya
I probably will forgive but, I wont forget.
aye bro u got off on that shit!
where do you get these they're amazing They also made me realize I'm with the wrong guy and that I don't need him. So thanks<3
David, please let me know if you need frogs or Snug-itz for the article with Brandon. Kevin Stallworth - Jethro Baits
My legs itch
I like them but haven't seen or heard anything about them since they were the in house band for the Milwaukee Beers
Boooooyyyyaaaa sit yo ass down somewhere looking like Catherine son from New Jersey house wives.
Super fun brunch at w recommend the crab benedict & apple pie-ish (can't recall official name) pancakes!
agreed!!!!! i mean why watch it after this? i live for Miss Jay.
Its 2012 but all intros to stand up specials look like they are from 1991
not worried about a thing...
She is the best!
You are more pretty when you are mad;)
Psychic: (Spirituality, New Age, Astrology & Self-help) Outside the possibilities defined by natural laws as mental telepathy
Up early for what's bound to be an exciting day at the with our clients! Pics to follow on Monday!
okay!! My other fav so far has been vanilla bean with caramel sauce! Thanks!
Deborah Tannen? "riveted' - Helen Epstein? "compelling reading." Proud to have helped author Diane Wyshogrod bring this to the world.
consider it done.
In my opinion, Pacers played better & are a better team than the Heat. But whatevs ~
retweet the music!
Come in with Eagles or Sea-hawks Gear and get 15% off your Bill!
Hi! Nice meeting you also. :)
that's weak. hit me up
Don't make excuses, make good. -Unknown Author
Sounds cool
- prayers are with u!
Thanks for following me, Andrew! ;) I enjoy to watch Mixergy Interviews. And, I can always learn a lot from them.
if goal is getting youth to use digital media in powerful ways, however, that needs to be taught. media literacy=important!
Know that you already have it, Brotha!
I like being alone
#WaysToImpressMe Visit us for a wax!
Leave it up to you to pick inspiring words to live by. Love your career, you are an inspiration too!
no I was gonna get the otter box defender but I didn't like how bulky it is
the highlights of Toledo last night: Jeds thinks Bud Lite is beer, the only craft beer on tap requires sugar on the rim of the glass.
You need to offer it in XXL
Dreamt this morning that I got 2 visit my own alternate/parallel reality.
thank you for the RT! hope you enjoyed the blog postings
Jamming to Brandy's "Best Friend" while brownies cool.
Such a kind offer but no thank you. I'm happily taken. :3
I wish I had sisters lol
Ready for this test, bring it mothafucka
Arg! Attack of the spambots! George Lucas, are you behind this?
Watching Legend of the Seeker. I miss this show. It would have been so much better if it had been picked up by HBO.
“: this documentary with Chris Rock about weave” yu tripping lol what yu on today
Cigarette smoke <<<
new idea for distro developers, just reclassify some bug reports as "feature reports"
stop by our table at the winter fair today! 12-4, Corwin Pavillion
I just saw Drake and Kevin Hart chillin at this comedy show.
this episode is making me extremely happy honestly brittney is hilarious and for real I think beast can take cooter.
"Looking for Alaska"(Green) surprised me w/ a profound set of introspective messages. Still, I maintain, parental discretion advised.
duh come on, you know they make out lay down when you see one!
nice! good luck, where you looking?
she says you aint noo good but you feel so good
is looking to go to Vegas with is soon?
Love how jealous dudes call me restricted to threaten me but they arent smart enough not to tell me who they are when I ask LMAO
in Wisconsin? We can raise money in wisconsin. The issue is national support - walker has gotten $20 million out of state.
I'm so hoping they do...... Oh my god. I'd flip out.
Good thought for the weekend RT Perfection is not attainable, but if we chase perfection we can catch excellence. Vince...
There are probably many, but I definitely like the word "meanwhile." I use it a lot.
can I buy tickets to tomorrow nights men's soccer game at the gate?
The Noyokos do a great job at not sucking.
We r in Pre-Produxion on a Compton Based Hood Movie out here in Kali n wud 4 u 2 a part of it, 4low me 4 mo details.
watch the season premiere of "ridiculousness" tonight on at 10!! can't wait to see if the hypnotism worked on lol
Welcome to Twitter my friend...Hope all is well...
Why is Bosh sniffing like a cokehead?
An email to The Sun's news tips email begins: "On the poplar internet site Facebook..." Thanks for introducing us to FB.
It is! Wish the rain would stop so I could get more pics. Did you see the pic I posted comparing the nest to my finger ?
Is a man of means by no means.
Taylor Swift is the cutest girl in the world.
very true
The sky is an eerie yellow and it's pouring out. Chance of Snow 100%. Is this the Middle East?
Glad your coming back to the MIA lol
millionaires in da building #Sunday & #monday GO #HAM wit #trunkbeatas &
As much as things change, things stay the same. Good proj mgt skills are always required.
Wow...tough tough tough loss!!!
BOO! thats her weak song, unless you're talking about the remix:D
what, you don't partake of the famous CT quadruple shot of espresso? ;-)
completed Chapter 13 in
Futo 2009 OV #wine allocation. 512 cases produced. I will be skipping on this one.
I miss you Bestfriend code:RAINBOW UNICORN
haha I told him he no longer has his man card..
New logo looks great !
Interested in local #Miami Bar Associations? Check out this mixer Wed between and Coral Gables Bar Association
• come on, it's the first game of the series...
Happy birthday to the best dude around,
Hello! Mut here nice of you to join us. Looking forward to learning more about you and your works.
New follower #shoutout! , , , , and Thanks for following us!
my name is Javier i am a faclity and school bus driver so im a doer too!
Can't go wrong with the basics
hey homie how's it going in the A? I hope all is well=)
my heart swells violintly at such praise.
Any word on plans for an iOS app (iPhone / iPad)?
taylor gang or have as many followers as ha!
Thank you for the follow Carol!
"When the center of the universe is discovered, a lot of people are going to be disappointed that they're not it."
less than 2 weeks left til halloween! what's everyone going as???
I just unlocked the I'm "Douchebag" badge on
Serious Randy!? Nah
If you're not at the Luke Wroblewski keynote, you're doing it wrong.
Thank you Lisa! Hope you have a great weekend. #FF cheers!
Boys are so hard to read. I honestly don't know what goes on in their minds.
PS: didn't photograph myself once the hair was done, though. :/
It's important to observe/be present with stages of integration. It easy to feel guilty, like you have to do something. You have only to be.
Yeeeeeeeeee Haw! You go girl!
Lea Michele is our Star love you <3
i call that "lovey eyes" :)
Thanks for the RT! :)
IASAS @ NASPA 7 am meeting very productive! thankyou Roger, Lisa and Rob....David the coffee did help!!
Northbound I-225 b/t 6th & Alameda a mess after multi-car crash. 1 car stuck under a semi. One-lane only. Man trapped in car, but conscious.
Organizational culture and employee buy in are extremely strong forces on customer experience
If They Crawl......YES lol
Seriously fuck mt Vernon and their stupid graduation dress code. If my dress and toms are inappropriate then kiss my ass.
. Each time I buy credit I'm charged a $5 Intl. Srvc Fee! Pls resolve this or I'll move business to:
and I'm being very nice w you
Wow nice fucking day out of the house I go..!:)
#Newark is a real jewel, fantastic location easy to get to from many other places, great shops & food places, allovergood!
Thank you! Most recent book is Magpies, which has just won a gold medal in Fla. Bk. Awards. Hope your work is flourishing.
Go home Rodger RT : Can't wait to hear Stephen A's defense of his MVP LeBron tomorrow at 10am E, ESPN2.
Can't part with that one. ;D
why am I not at #cscw12?
Lupus in Fabula => Speak of the devil
#Philly #Celtics Here we go!!
I'm also really looking forward to Kay Francis day.
Thank god! this is my favorite time of year, when i can cook up 1 or 2 huge artichokes and veg out in front of the tv :)
The serves SG White Cranberry Cosmos and SG Margaritas
She knows how to fuk up da mood
Sounds like your Seder is a partay!
To run or to nap?
I's hard to be positive when the weather is negative. WARM UP MINNEAPOLIS!
have you gotten your banner yet??? www.worldchampionfans.com
Nice meeting you on #spreecast last night - DM me if you have any additional questions.
Go play with your barbie and leave the grown folk stuff to the grown folk!
the north side giant eagle is indescribable.
Finally heading to join the crwziness of
RT Raven thoughts: Tyrod Taylor better than you think ...
If WWE keeps up the momentum, I'll be broke again next year. #WM29 :-)
Hit against Hossa was so dirty. He's gonna get suspended
guaranteed way to start off the morning great- Don't Stop Til You Get Enough. mhhmmm
debut EP #NorthernLights will be coming out May 22nd! Can't wait for ye all to hear!
I need a L right now -_- waiting for rell to spark it.
. Thanks for the reminder. I loved your beach photo the best!
I was inspired and doing great work til the coffee shop played Maroon 5.
Hey Meghan! You should check out They're a great clothing line right outta Missouri. And they have free stickers
Woah.. MT : I wanna know why in the world I can't seem to get the Triple Play badge!! 24 checkins!
Ready to enjoy some #Winterfest at
he a creep & i know it!
Oh yes...there are many, many in the vast 94.5 LakeFM catalog!
the lattes (homemade sandwiches, soups, baked goods) are all coming so soon!
It's Monday, but already excited about Flower Mart on Friday & Sat. Such a great Baltimore tradition. Sticky lemon peppermint sticks, too.
Last Tip - Every interview you have is an opportunity to learn and improve your technique and skills.
turns out most people I meet have no imagination outside the logic of the market place, it is absolutely pathetic n these are "leftists"
The richest duck is not he who has the most, but he who needs the least.
I went to the CA central valley today & was stereotyped as a developer cuz I was working on a Mac betw games at a hoops tourney.
I'm addicted to TruTV.
Do you have a lighter? No but really do you have a lighter? Thats real talk
Basecamp: a good Collaborative tool for multimedia projects
Its official. I am addicted to eBay.
I just tried replicating the issue on Google Chrome and Firefox and everything appears to be working fine.
@ 's boot camp Sunday mornings in Parker.
Fundraising is standing for seven hours while people continually reject you. It's a living.
Miami Beach comes alive in winter thanks to you snowbirds.
Happy Mother's Day Sara :)
Not feeling well. Ugh. :(
Happy Monday! Thanks for joining the conversation. Amazing weekend. Time w/family, racing, helped a friend. Keeping the good Karma going.
Go teach them something! ;-)
Thanks the artists that we get to work with. Their great talents make great tunes possible!
Glad to have you on board! Just to clarify, the promo is to cover your TennisLink league fees, not your actual USTA membership.
I succumbed to peer pressure again. twists arms well. ;-)
RT : I learned the value of hard work by working hard
If you think you might have left a legacy after last year's semester abroad happy father's day.
Thanks for the RT!!
I'm working with my belief of an omniscient God. I don't know if Tebow is a real Christian, I can only know my own heart.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY EVE!!
Among those whom I like or admire, I can find no common denominator, but among those whom I love, I can all of them make me laug
I'm standing on the edge of something much too deep! :/
I feel grounded.
I work out.
Thank you to everyone who joined the conversation last night! Social Good Detroit stands giving back and collaborative action.
From day one to day end, man will choose ignorance over awareness, for his back can only endure with arch.
Great to hear about others in the community doing what they can to advance Contemporary Art in Austin
speed racer lol
thank you very much!
all of th corp owned media is right leaning based on how negative they are regarding the Pres. GOP lie left leaning media.
the bigger the bill the harder you walk
lol. Nope--I had a huge fro.
She particularly wanted to hear Caruso
Rack City --> rt “: Just ate another delicious sandwich at I'm really racking up these loyalty points...”
Im out here hoopin ....im buuuullshittin fa real..
does anyone wanna like yano, be my friend and like tweet me? Im bored af here.
Things are getting serious about taking this cruise.
Hey there. It was nice to meet you (and your friends) this weekend!
I agree, it was a disgrace the way Elizabeth behaved. An 8 year-old child would behave better. Think, laugh and learn with Bill.
voting for paula Hughes?!?!
Kershaw, has had a shut out game through 6 innings. #Dodgers on top 1-0
Hii , how are you ? are in Argentina? I love you so much <U+2665> kisses
Android which flavor? this is one of the problems with Android OS and VPN, try live help and ask them for suggestion server
What the hell! Lol
Media presidents: tablet/digital publishing business model is murky. Maintaining presence everywhere, not sure what will pan out
Former Bronco Mark Schlereth IN the studio right now! Check it out on AM 1510!
it's impossible
I have a pic, should I put it up??
So pumped that the 2012 National Genealogical Society conference is in Cincinnati in 2012!
Go Gurrrl #nice #post recovery shake #must RT : I spent 48 minutes doing Step Ups For Cardio. 403 calories burned.
#getsonmynerves when I have to keep putting gas in my car.
thanks angus!
#sla2011 was the right conference at the right time for me...such a reinvigorating and energizing experience for an info pro in transition
if u hit a tree it does [i parkour'd myself into a tree once. don't need fitbit data to confirm that; the tree was enough feedback]
is a keeper! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
This is better than the L&GF tour
Hey Ginger.. Happy Thanksgiving and thanks for all the updates !
soldiers quartered in citizens homes: no one can be forced to keep soldiers in their home in times of peace.
Yes, that was part of our nighttime ritual for a long time. Still, I love Big Red Barn. Maybe it's the Nebraskan in me.
will you also be wheezin' the juice?!
WELL NO PROBLEM.
target, my friend. AKA the land of wonder.
Today's #BOB (Bit of Brilliance): Whatever you do when you're procrastinating is probably what you should be doing for a living.
of course will be glad to connect with you again, thanks for mentioning Good looking out.
Indeed - perhaps the fine should be that you can only drink herb tea for a week. (Would be "steep" in multiple ways...)
RT Pacifica Outage - Approx 7k customers currently w/o power. Crews en route, cause under investigation. More to come.
Girls who get tattoos just because other girls have them LOL
- wait. There are patterns?!
I'm bummed u won't b there on Wed, we'll miss u! Don't suppose there's a time I could stop by & say hello b4 my last semster is over?
Falling in love as we tweet! Thanks!
I went to the mall and got a bathing suit, striped red pants some , shorts, stereo hearts shirt!!:)
Talk to me? C:
I'll b working brunch tomorrow am so you should come down and say hi. Nothing says <3 like housemade chorizo and grits!
Ouch!!! RT : Someone throw a bucket of water on already
she knew she could have jump in and help her siser!
I really do appreciate your openness & optimism, though; it's incredibly easy to have a bad attitude & you take the high road.
because there's no obesity problem in England? Ha!
I need to get my license. And I need my own car. );
U guys inspired me. Today I worked 13hrs straight, on heels, stading up. So NO EXCUSES my fellow actors, No dream too big!
WEE hosting Women's Multicultural Business Showcase. Sat. July 30th 9am - 1pm need booth app. go to www.weesandiego.com
haha yes sir! Q&A and video promos with the man himself. See you at the Rumble for sure :) You get your tix?
Happy to report: Bilingual Press to publish Colón-ization by Andrés Montoya, edited by Daniel Chacón as part of Letras Latinas' A.M.P.P.I.
BYO toco night tonight!! Come in and get Dos Equis, corona, corona lights for $3 bucks. We also have $3 dollar shots of Jose Cuervo and...
Only consolation is the Yankees losing too tonight.
mind; "get off ur hungover ass and get to work!" body; "what was that you said?"
yea #ff is an awesome thing. your welcome.
Somebody please invent "Threaded Tweets" for backtrack of context = "Thrweets!"
Just tuned in to #Factswithoutwikipedia -- I'll come up with a good one :)
Love You <U+2764>
hahah you usually do though!
Having clean hair>>>>
apparently it's amazing hahah xx
Hi Angel! It was a quick in and out! We need a Mariah show and some gambling!
Follow by the start of Toy Fair on Sunday and help them donate 100 games to the Toy Industry Association!
how did they follow you do you have to ask or something.
Atheism140: Warning: religion=hazardous 2 ur health. There is no uknowwho but Freud & Marx is his prophet. Faith=D’oh. Be good w/o god(sic)!
If you want to be really angry, you should've tuned into the #Astros game, about 10 minutes ago. Marlins broke the tie...
Oh Randy! Do we need to send a chaperone with you next time?
To command is to serve, nothing more and nothing less. Andre Malraux
#facebook, let's hope this isn't the start of patent vultures broader attack on social media, patents punish success and stifle innovation
The Thunder just aren't that rusty
it's ok, no worries! thanks so much for trying :) just let me know if you come up with anything
I spent Saturday night drinking champagne and watching River Monsters. I need #ARealBoyfriend -MattW
Don't wanna sit @ home all nite :-(.... Somebody save me...
Y'all should follow one of Chicago's underrated stand-up comics, Chris Damen. He only looks scary. Maybe not.
Thanks for the mention!
Miley Cyrus's bf, Liam, is one sexy man.
lol! That I dont need to be on twitter! :p
too bad i have to work /:
The human centipede ???
Ca Senate Ed committee passes SBHC resolution (AJR 10)! Next step Senate floor.
Now that my hubs is archaeologing in Turkey I've reverted to a sixth grade diet - today's lunch: tots & a hot dog. I'll do better at dinner.
Conn. Senate passes Election Day registration
Very good to see this morning talking about the importance of education & research as well as the Cyber threat.
Life is all about believing and trusting who you are and not believing the others around you.
Love is like. an eathquake; unpredictable, a little scary, but when the hard part is over, you realize how lucky you are.
Eric Robertson at #MIGC: Male penetrating self becomes a phallic feedback loop (I just love that phrase.)
oh you know it!! You want some, girl?! Come git it.
The sole purpose of a drone bee is to mate with the queen bee
f*ck love? no, f*ck the person who made you think like that.
Chris Lorette David Design is busy designing ads, flyers, and posters for our event...and she is donating every minute. Thank you Chris!
Jus leavin da Dr.'s office w/ da girls.. Smh @ when weather changes SO much....
Last night one of the worst nights of my life....
omg. i <3 you so hard right now. i've wanted an invite so much! naomi.r.estrada is my addy.
- Stories From Lakka Beach
#FirstEdition gets caffeinated with the pros- convention in town - we're sipping the good stuff
Lol me an rob hella weak right now
haha been there done that
Yummy sinus infection! Trip to drug store in my future. All exam rooms look the same. Just read an article on Spirit Bears.
A clean home is a beautiful home - - it doesn't matter how big or small it is....
yeah tell me about it, my husband is giving me so much grief.
Uefa are so concerned that nonwhite fans could face racial abuse or violence Euro-12 that it is backing plans to create safe areas for them.
Cubs beat writer talks about the role of social media, sports and breaking stories.
and do not deport Andy Mathe to his death. Refuse Service!
did u know that u put talk in there twice? :P
the possible trade value of Cousins won't be for at least 2-3years, which means current MGMT cld be f-ed by then
You forget to pray? Allah does not forget you wake up every morning<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>!!<3
I'm like the Hannibal Lecter of quiche.
Im trying to post on Full Contact forum and it appears down.
Nuns on Fire are killing it tonight! It's going to be a hard task following them but we're going to give it our damn best!
ok so who got it
until does his good morning tweet, i shall be awake! (:
please contain yourself.. They ain't ready
The ignorant flees from whar they fear. The wise takes advantage of all they fear in order to become strong by doing it. Cayetano Arroyo
its not live? whoops. hah. i thought it was live.
I followed you lol
Spent all day cleaning the house for my mom. I threw my back out once (Feelin' old) and almost killed my sister, but she likes it. <3
I can change. I can change
very awesome. Be sure to say hello!
My Amazon subscribe and save list is getting bigger. Soon I won't have to go to Target to buy supplies anymore.
You drive, ill buy! Yup works all the time! Lol
No you won't! Just the thought of Friday will keep you awake.
#whsummit Secretary Shaun Donovan said Latinos lost 2/3 of their wealth due to recession. It's time to help families rebuild their assets.
wow that's BIG!
My negro, imagine my reaction.
#NationalHonestyDay I hate Wayne Rooney!! Come on City!!! Championship!!!
Train from ghent to brugge running 30 min late. Glorious sun
Urban Cowboy, Smokey and the Bandit II, Ordinary People, Any Which Way You Can, History of the World Part 1, Where the Buffalo Roam...
I Didnt Even Know He Knew. He Was Mad.?
dress it up with a solid pair of tight jeans. Always classy.
Chicken with Kale and Freekeh-Lentil Pilaf Recipe from Bon Appétit
damn, love that twitcon. Nice lil body.
McCann feels better, hopes to start on Monday
YES...we were getting worried!
James Harden is the black poor man's Manu Ginobli.
thank you that means a lot
That's good, yeah same here(:
Dave, since U started running through Womb people, U really should get Ron St. Germain if he's on the left coast some time.
Well, in a recent interview Whedon said, "There was a script…there just wasn’t a script I was going to film a word of."
It seems like your website is down, FYI.
Aye ! Where The Party At ?????
like, either with an errant fastball or his fist, it's a hazy memory
Pickup Line: Do you have a library card, 'cause I'd like to sign you out.
-takes the heart- xD Why thank you very much. ;3 Hahah. Oh wow.
Mom: "Is this... are you watching the game? I thought they played Canada yesterday. Now they're playing Russia?" Me: .....
I hope it's a girl so I can lmbo
Can we make him depressed again? he's so much better when he's depressed
A very happy birthday to Cheers!!
RT“: Oh, you bought a Kony2012 kit? Go you! Ya big social activist.”
“ It's a big world. Don't get so hung up on one person that walked away that u forget ALL the ones still to come. #TheSW”
Now that brandons outta my life,all I want is Cody.Iknew I shouldve just went w/ my heart,not my head.Mayb cody will forgive me,I need him..
And I hope that for you!
Number 1 goal of using a supplier network is to optimize supplier #collaboration - 41%. -
Good luck to NWPC endorsed candidates (Sec-NC), (IN-09) and (WV-01) in their primaries today!
I'm currently drinking a really intense Sumatra at Alterra in Milwaukee.
Two hours of "Cities of the Underworld" on ? Yes, please!
Jason Aldean tonight with my bro, his gf and the hubs!
If you can imagine it, you can create it!
wow - the triple dog dare. I guess RI has less to fear from global warming than a place that is routinely 110º in summer
#WhatIMissMost my baby boy. :/ rest easy.
Andrew Read reminding me of Ian Malcolm at the end of his talk. "Life finds a way."
RT : It's worth viewing the slides for this session. There's a nice example of wireframing & iterating
Happy Cinco De Mayo!!!!
Yes but only the UGs that take it upon themselves can do it.Transformation isn't spontaneous or automatic.
Basketball, Beer, and Burgers. Get in here!
": Why do I feel so bloated today...." Last night's salad....
feeling that "now what" horrible feeling in the pit of my stomach now that November is over.
Pretty sober for once.
Things I've learned today in : 1. Redcar is nifty. 2. hates Journey, loves dubstep. My mind is blown.
Hey, Girl Scouts........launch an inquiry into reckless endangerment of children in the church.
RT: : Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving.
and don't approve of my playing games at the dinner table
RT Big Toys for Tots party tonight at Taboo Lounge on the 1st floor of Jillian's! Hope to see you there!
Shameful. Sad. Tragic.
Good morning! Get out and enjoy this beautiful day! Oh and if you want to get out and vote.
Orientation Sessions for First Time Burners Veteran Burners are eager to share their expertise with you to get you oriented so that you'r
changed my life this weekend! I am in #love with myself!! Ready for big changes! I want to share this gift with all!
#SAGawards Outstanding Female Actor in a Leading Role: Viola Davis for 'The Help" Boooyah! Sorry Meryl hehe
Walking home wit these niggahs
we are at the Univeristy of Baltimore -- 11 W. Mt. Royal. -- in the basement.
One of the people I blame for my love of live music died in a car crash today. RIP Bear.
Building a lovely set of giveaway prizes for a random donor to CriterionCast. I'll draw the name in June.
don't spend it all in one place ;)
sorry bro. Ill be there in spirit. I plan on emptying spirits beer cart as we did on #manstrip2010...i hate
There's something sexy abt a guy washing his car...
New to the #MillerPark pressbox: An omelette bar! Yes, please.
thank you
I would love to meet for coffee! I'll give you a call and we can set something up.
Even against Bryzgalov, I didn't think the #NJDevils could score with the #Flyers. Perhaps this series will be competitive after all.
you are rediculous ...
imu too can't wait to be back
Well that sux, start on my bike ride this morning and had a flat, and forgot my spare :( guess I'm gonna have to get it in later
life is good right now
Chillin with Arcadia and Katie waiting for coco house to start, it's going to be a long night
Bad news from our tour: the Living Things won't be opening fr the Bravery again until at least CA. Send yr best mojo out 2 those poor guys!
Really moving to Virginia
Promote me ? I'll send DM from you to
I've been working like a woman gone mad. Tomorrow afternoon my break begins. Breathing deeply and letting the last 7 years go. :-)
is going to be the Luxury Expo on May 5!!!
O what new gay hell! Fuckcub shows up at my door 2am HAMMERED w/ nowhere to go. Now puking all over the lawn I spent all day working on.
Happy Monday everyone! We are almost at 2,000 fans. Thank You so much for following us. We <3 you!
The Silk Tie likes Esoteric_PhD too! We didn't forget how cool you were :D thesilktie.com
#UseTittiesInAMovieTitle the girl with the dragon titties
ENJOY AN AWESOME DAY ALL***
Hey #dc - see you in a few hours!
Your performance tonight was breath taking. I am so proud of you and you deserve this!
half of my retweets be from non-followers
Singing In The Chocolate
just got to hotel in LA i am loving it
I heart chipmunks!!
bought full size wood tombstone @ thrift store TODAY! Nearly identical to ones in a recent drawing of mine.
I forgot how boring this school is. I haven't seen a fight since I've been back, #sphs whats up? #MorseHigh I sorta miss you.
I am so excited that Anne and George-Michael will reunite in battle in the new M. Cera movie.
I'm good,how are you?:)
I know :-(.. I try no to go to deep though
Light of the world you stepped down into darkness.
right now? Cuhz i ain't got shit to do
Lets get this main event started!
I just wanna take a culinary tour of this mini mall right now
Duggin's in Lincoln, NE tonight!!!
did you guys go to exiled on hawthorne?
$5 Box Lunch today is Pastrami. Pastrami for your Mommy!
No state funds would go the tuition paid for #COasset. CO higher ed would receive $4 million in additional revenue/year
Newsweeks calls #Obama "The first gay president." wtf?
4 weeks from today my first baby ever is due! Spencer J Prescott Millett #Cantwait #Dads #LifeIsGood #LoveIt Love and she knows it
#thingsbetterthanSOPA maybe.. just maybe... Twilight and Justin Bieber...they are almost at the same level of "suckness" if such word exists
so this explains all the allergy symptoms!
Almost busted my ass walking up the stairs! I'm so damn clumsy!
thanks. I feel better now!
Dont forget benefit tablao tonight! 8pm. $25 at the door. All proceeds benefit Festival Flamenco 2012!
who still woke :-\
Verizon Wireless expanded its 4G LTE network in 27 new markets Tuesday and another 44 by the end of the week. With the expansion, Verizon's…
Evan Turner is good
I Can't Call It Pimp, On The Clock Right Now Dick. What It Do Foo!
excited to join the flock on Monday!
Our picks r nearly identical all the way through. Damn.
Yes I do band that gambino kid
I'm relating to Bridget Jones a little to much right now.
RT : "Nothing affects the environment of a child so much as the unlived life of a parent." ~ Carl Jung
15-min writing blocks & challenging students to beat high score (word count) as a way to get them thinking about process?
Sorry. The Man requires uninterrupted toil :(
I would,:) But.... Your not following me so I can't :/
Colombian food is the best
I always have mexican food on tap
More Padres batters with .000 BA than have hits through 2 games.
RT LeBron would dislocate his ring finger of all fingers > would find thus funny
GOT NEW SUPER DANK IN! FRESH & STICKY! Still Home of the 4 Gram Top Shelf, Highest Grade $50 8ths All & Every Day! Full Menu at WEEDMAPS.com
Not the only one cps and charter schools suck!!
#perfect10miler done!! Love running in the rain!!
Alex, I'll take 'Signs this will be a long season for the Pirates' for $100 please.
Ask him if it was up to him, would they stay in the National League? What would they rename the team?
I think Dave might be able to say something funny about that - Ryan Williams
Do you play cash games on Worldwinner? If so, follow & play #LooneyTunes Trivia for a chance @ #RewardsPoints 2day @ 3pm ET
Chinese food is good
Oh no, it go It gone, bye-bye...bye Who I, I think I sink, and I die.
The feeling is bittersweet
WHAT DOES THIS HAVE TO DO WITH ANYTHING?
Hm gonna think about this. But I think it's human instinct to make ourselves feel more intelligent.. Can't be 50/50..
woo hoo! Thanks for all the RTs!
The Olympic flame has arrived in the UK and David Beckham lit it! Sweet :)
Cheering on elementary kids is a great way to start your weekend! Drop by at 4pm to watch our SUN school league battle it out on the court!
UNFOLLOW THISz PAGE IT GOT HACKED N FOLLOW MY NEW ONE
Lennon's Imagine remains such a subversive song that the guy singing on ABC right now had to change the lyrics
healthy breakfast
Thanks for the follow... Do I know you? How'd you find me? Just curious.
really cool, so proud of you
listening to 's closing plenary at the CIC-NetVUE conference
Then I guess im honored to know her besty!! RT : no my bestie owns
is so ready for the holidays! Merry Christmas!
i miss your stinkin butt
me too Man! Can't wait!
Sales tips for all- "Play dumb" ask questions you already know answers to...can then transition into any topic with ease and break the ice.
going to the hospital , For everyone that cares . # Done
They still suck!
Page doesn't exist! What was it?
These new commercials are hilarious! Saw two today that had me LOL. one is awesome. Nice to see him.
I missed the game but it sounds like the Yanks won according to my TL ... !!
Sometimes I'm afraid to speak my feelings, but in the end i know my heart won't let me live if i don't speak what's on my mind.
Don't forget Acoustic Guitar this Thursday from 7pm to 9pm with Greg Shibley!
Our OB Rec Center events are back on this week - join us for volleyball tonight, basketball tonight, and dodgeball on Wednesday!! :)
RIP Notorious B.I.G...still listening and loving your music!
Haha. Can you blame me! But i'm dead ass. What do you want me to save your name as in my phone?
aww!!i didnt know tht!:))its cool;)so, wht r u doing now??:)
cool hair
saw #vaginalfantasy and thought of dirty tweets about lol
thanks. :) think you can get some other lawlorffs to send some?
Hello and good afternoon to all my followers, new and old!
Cannot agree more RT ’s Will Welch: Street style has become too self-aware, ‘like reality television’ nym.ag/qhV1HX
I think a certain Pomeranian might feel left out of the new redesign ;-)
Could be better how are you? RT : Hey how are you today?
#itsawesomewhen you're on a railway mail train at night and there's a full moon.
Some mind are like concrete, thoroughly mixed and permanently set.
One Direction<3
And in 3D. But keep it in B&W. RT : I am officially announcing that I am re-making THE ARTIST with sound.
In Orlando, wonder what I will do tonight? We return to Universal Orlando for 3 BIG DAYS of IMPACT Tapings Mon/Tues/Wed!
Um oka Night i guess ...
2 Finga's In The Air to
#dear let's make a wonderful mark to remember :)
great pic. What a way to ring in the New Year!
What tips do you have for decorating for the new year?
I got good frans. I like 'em.
Can't wait to get our new tees! Check out their clothing line!
please follow so I can hit you off wire :-) I'm coming tonight Bringing your comedian friends Lamont Johnson plus
thanks lindsay. Keep watching. More insanity to come :)
yeah I see haha
Shoots out to and always a great moments with them and ....
haha wys neva went to class a full week....
Come on lawlorffs let's get to 25k :) <3 FOLLOW HIM!! We can do it.
This is why I love
It was great to see our soldiers coming home...but I find myself praying for the hopeful, quiet Christians staying in Iraq. Pray with me!
rapid fire and a silencer
good "Cuz I'm tryna have random b*tches personally strip for me"
New Position: Managing Director & CEO @ New Jahusalam Film Inc.
ah I'd advise you not to...I'll be with the quirky bunch dealing with awkward silences.
call me.
I think i need a new liver
Seriously, I'm even hitting all the green lights. :-D
We think you are one of the most exciting musicians!!
Buy me something!
we will be hanging out at our booth at tonight in bixby knolls. come enjoy an evening of art, shopping and dining!
thank you!!!! Spread the word! Lol.
just fall asleep and burn up the chicken
Great as well.Are you looking for new tracks at this time?
Rest in peace both Joe Simon and Eduardo Barreto.
Not surprising with this group of people. Wait til after party RT One of the most thrilling events I've ever been to
So excited
RT : It WAS an official swarm! Final count: 56 peeps at #chocotweetup benefiting Pasados Safe Haven!
Life is one grand, sweet song, so start the music. — Ronald Reagan
. inspired parties. I think YES! cc
It's not French. And you love girly men, so I don't want to hear it.
Tuesday nights this Feb are awesome - The Makepeace Brothers bring IT!!!!!
Fact is sometimes stranger than fiction--but dressing as your dead mom to collect her social security checks is absurd.
Does anyone know if there is a plugin for Wordpress where I can drag photos from Microsoft Word to the editor w/o losing the images?
I need to go summer dress shopping
Interesting theory! Have you heard the pipes on the POTUS?
thanks! I'm gonna wait and get it done in the summer though. /:
you're on your A game...I'm definitely not -__-
looking intently! Lolol
No Bull.
#MARVELOUSMONDAY EVERYONE!!!!!!! TODAY SMILE AND MAKE SOMEONE ELSE SMILE NOT ONLY WOULD YOU BE MAKING THEM SMILE BUT YOU'LL FEEL GOOD INSIDE
The beginning symptoms of diabetes is just ignored Spidey Sense.
hey girl - i'm doing really great. how are you? definitely need to catch up. looking forward to hearing your life details!
You cant blame me for what im doing, you cant blame me for wondering how its like on the other side and have control.
I wear the blue apron all the time. Thinking of you. Team Dougie Fresco Reresent Yo
#OccupyMadison rally on the capitol steps.
Girl you need help. Save yourself.
It feels like you just don't even want me anymore
You are not "different" just because you don't like "mainstream" music. Please get over yourself.
I did not know Viigo supports Twitter!
No doubt!
Both! Lol RT : Did 's account get hacked or has he been drinking heavily
I'll bring it ;)
are there any stats for plate discipline? because I am pretty sure the pirates are at the bottom. just curious. not hating.
When is editorchat?
So Cassidy, when are we fucking him again?
I'm so excited for #WolowitzWedding. This is such a good episode so far.
RT : Don't forget: Joe Biden still has two wishes left!
Here's an important question: Pop-Tarts or Toaster Streudels? Which is best??? I'm on the fence.
#Beautiful #hair, start with your #mind. Taking care of yourself is the first step to #gorgeous hair. Yes beauty starts from within.
": In a whatever mood today. Today is just boring." It's cause you haven't seen me, duh!
it has nothing to do with race
It's About To Go Down...
Everyone wants you to succeed. Rather than saying no, find a way to accept the help you need.
First day off consists of watching the entire lord of the rings trilogy :) while laying back eating spaghettios and drinking Sunny D
:( #iphoneprobz RT When your phone automatically changes something & you send it before looking <<<<<
Give up personal willfulness, admit your mis-steps, and ask for the wisdom of greater insight.
word. Keep in touch dude !
Tonight 5-8 our last Happy 7th Anniversary Happy Hour, get 20% off the entire store + free champagne.
Thank you! I put them in my documents! I'm getting so good at this! : )
thanks for the #ff. Happy Friday!
Integrating with a poorly designed API is like trying to have a meaningful conversation with a drunk. But with you being sober. :/
we love you bro. so much love
mmkay how long will that take?
buuuuuuuhhhhh. Two Weeks and two days
Was it worth it? I don't know. We'll find out soon enough.
Fresh watermelon juice....perfect.
"what do you mean by controlling the pace" -sideline reporter interviewing Kobe @ the end of the second quarter. Smdh
I LOVE YOU TO
Roll call which lovely ladies are busing it to chitown this weekend?
I was so hoping 2finally hearU do Unchained Melody& w Sir Elton John! OMG,It's so beautiful. PLEASE record w Sir Elton 4charity.
Sometimes I just miss Barenaked Ladies so bad. Shallow, I know, but still.
IATHian Chad Keller is in Jamaica at #vaf11 discussing tourism & cultural heritage. Cool & yay, but why aren't WE in Jamaica?
Looking for media sponsor for AZ tour dates.
Favorite quote: "I saw the angel in the marble and carved until I set him free." Michelangelo
blah blah blah mashed potatoes!
hell yeah hands down !
If your website looks exactly like your comps, you ignored what you discovered during the build.
WONDERFUL Tower Awards Gala last night! The collective vibe of celebrating great work was a lot of fun.
I Ain't A Playa I Just Crush A Lot.
Happy St. Patrick's Day! Come see us in Hollywood tonight at Piano Bar for FREE!!! 10pm.
the gremlin <<<<<< jessi
A dog is a true friend & family member. and gave her the best life she could have ever wanted!
I can hear it! I turn and my chair and it squeaks like a rusty old door being opened. I will bring my WD40 next weekend.
I hate trying to figure out where i want to eat sometimes. There are too many choices!
how much better do you think c.j. Wilsons stadium is looking now?
My girl Adele did her thing:) wish she would have sung my song # someone like u. ......
My bitch bad lookin like a bag of money
Lovely to meet you all GREAT day attending the book binding, letterpress, & publishing&community panel!
Thank you. I'm going to try Coconut Oil. I've loved Midsummer's Night for years because it's cheap and I thought healthy.
Today wasn't so bad im enjoying the boys right now
Wondering if it's worth it for the Jets to trade up to draft Sanchez.
I'm both shocked and appalled that no one has invented Thunder Down Underwear. Who wants to sit down and design these babies?
Perfect!!!! Keep up the good work at the golf course!!!
PS, will it rain on me tomorrow while I'm covering the Mayo Invitational out at Eastwood???
Training sucks.
aw I fell asleep sis
One key to successful agency partnerships: Lack of service crossover
DAMN YOU CHILDREN
Love how positive all the contestants who lose the battle rounds are on
...A,B, mofo C creep creep creepn im on the scene...nigro I called n u sent me to VM. Now I gotta send u to Cap:-) !!!
aww my heart broke.. I'm sorry brah... Have you eaten breakfast yet?
" A Girl plays with your Mind. A Woman Explores it. "
Excited about potpie tonight with too bad we will miss !
good morning boo;)
will hook you up on the info
"That was some good fishin'" what a line
ACRL's summary of Midwinter update on the Value of Academic Libraries project, 2nd IMLS grant to submit in Feb; thoughts?...
STILL SNEERING.
Wow!!!! It aint even Holloween yet but it alot of Trick or Treat going on lol
Why did I choose the 6AM flight again? Security gate is not even open yet.
Can't sleep
First day of Spring ... Brighten up, & smile!
On my way to CANADA!!!!! Yay:) "I'm so excited and I just can't hide it I'm about to lose control and I think I like it"!! ;)
We are so excited to get the academic year started!!!
it is disturbing lol. if you want to know what it is... just watch the movie lmao
she was literally lying in that position for 1/2 an hour staring at me.
what tickets were you trying to win ?
[Aladin-alert] Gallaudet's Fiscal Year End November 3
Hey ..that was so awesome of u to blast out like that on our behalf ..... thanks a ton!!!!!!
ok good. So u starting off right then I get the second tab!
well you should see how I treat people I don't like.
But you didn't have to cut me off. Make out like it never happened and that we were nothing.
Estupido internet lento!!
Dave, Skelly, and Abby are playing happy hour at tonight 5-8!
Making coffee...its too early
Thanks to JD/MBA Katie Imler who helped me prepared today's social media presentation!!! Brilliant!
: then this is your golden opportunity to run the race dressed up as a bowl of jello.
You were hilarious on Ellen today! Love your show!!
I'm kinda already over this semester.
If it aint money it don't make sense!
New battery for my mac! Much over due! :-)
It all comes down to just over a minute. Go Niners!!
preach it
Just saw u on ESPN, u r my fav NFL reporter! Please go warm up with a hot chocolate :)
want a cigarette?
How do I squeeze more hours into the day?
good question! RT Are you a male? How much do you want to know about wedding planning vs about marriage?
you look more like and old courier.
Hey! Yes we wrote/produced/recorded all of our demos :)
Happy Valentines Day Everyone!!!! Love and be loved:))))
Hey are you still going to do Austream? :)
Happy Easter , wish you weren't workin so we could hang today!
" what's the name of your restaurants in new york: Talk 2 me West Coast"
New Orleans midget prostitute? The Small Easy? Anyone?
My mom didn't realize that people label the past with B.C.E. now in history books
Hm Breakfast? Come and get a breakfast burrito or huevos rancheros with rice and beans to start your wednesday!
Cattleman's will be at the Orlando Food and Wine Fest this year! Check it out! www.orlandofoodandwinefest.com
Thank you everyone for the like!!!
Its crunch time for this chick, save all that extra shit mama ; )
well you see, ima make an instagram & you guys are all gonna follow me. <U+263A>
why r u talking to me?
Excited for tomorrow!! thank you to everyone who has liked my picture :))
Hey Jack always enjoy your insight. keep up the good work
downtown Nashville! I legit was scared for my life. She also called me a dog fucker.
Good day my friend!! aahhh-u caught that jazzy version of Rick James I see!
(Rich) Small investigation this Friday evening. Family in need and scared, so short notice. Hopefully can find cause and put them at ease.
you Mike Ditka now? Stop it.
until the premier of season 5! Yeah! Can't waite!
Bible study with an M16 in everyone's lap is kind of weird. So is showering and sleeping with one.
I wish i could go back to high school.. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094> i wanna do it all over again but better this time..
Assembly Public Hearing on #FamilyCare Cap bill set for Thursday, Feb. 23 at 10 a.m. in room 417 North
Packing my dorm.
thank you!!!! JUST TWEETED AT ME!!! AH
hey you gotta see #HungerGames it amazing ! I'd see it again.
Sales next week for after thanksgiving sale! Stop in for some great deals!
Want play-by-play of yesterday's #AkomaNtoso training that Knowledge As Power hosted at NDI's office? Check out 's tweets!
did you get to swing a bat today?
lovely...glad to connect with you here!
drinking idle hands by - phenomenal DIPA that holds its own against the stalwarts of the style. Well done.
Damn Who Put This Bitch In Charge?!?!
What's on your mind?
Just watched the Office, so freakin funny!! Now I am again restoring my jebus phone since it crashed and going to watch Parks and Rec!
I'm so bored Wat is it to do in Belleville around dis time
Nice catching up with Dani, who I found out, shares a bizarre fascination of cheesy Disney channel shows, ie: Wizards of Waverly place.
I would like a butter pat for a pillow.
I've heard he helped both UCLA basketball and USC football guys.
: I really enjoyed reading your book "The Simple Twitter Book". Very useful. Thanks!
": Davis biggest lead of the game at 21 points, and has forced 4 straight Evergreen Turnovers to end 3rd Davis 53-32 #wabkbscores"
just watched #Kony & I care... but I couldn't help but notice that they picked national smoke pot day as their action day. poor planning?
It never ends.
awww snap, former Seattlite? What's your favorite place?
Thank you! :)
I'll be my own reflection
do you like say everything that come to yo mind
just came in the house ! drinking a extra cold coca cola ! my favorite .! but fina get in the shower !
New breed of printers as stated by Tony Harris
Ssgsshdgjkgjgh RT : nigga Shutcho pussy ass up...before i put you in the hospital again
No. 2: Led Zeppelin, 'Kashmir' – Top 100 Classic Rock Songs - Ultimate Classic Rock
Thanks we'll share with our followers.
You get to have all the fun!
u feel that?That itch?yeaah that tattoo itch whats that you cant get one before basic?Aw ill tell u how much I enjoy it:)
b current format allows players like Chris Ivory make a team like the saints. Don't take that opportunity away from them
It was hilarious to see! And slightly uncomfortable.
#Whitney Houston left her legacy, in film & music. My favorite movie & song "Waiting to Exhale", "Where Do Broken Hearts Go" we'll miss her.
prolly come to texas city 2dayy
Gevey Sale ends in 2 days. Hurry and Unlock your iPhone today for only $10.
We utilize twitter 4 marketing our services and it works. Just cause it's easy doesn't make it bad.
Good news. My predictive text knows the word "Fhqwhgads"...
Glad you're well! I can't complain about anything really :)
will win nd raw gets taker n del rio
Yo! Chaos Reigns Bro! :)
I have approved them for posting, they will be tweeted in a moment
Ah 6 minute plank hold, came in 2nd!! Congrats Jennifer - well done :)
The only "War on Marriage" in our country comes from the Republican's who want to enact a constitutional amendment AGAINST marriage equality
I hate you so much. I love you so much. I'm mad at you. But when I see I can't help but smile.
“: im off today”good
is a great example of someone who followed her dreams - knew she wanted to be on the news since she was a kid!
Depositions in Milwaukee Wisconsin. Call Brown & Jones, CityCenter735 building. Gym facilities, Concierge service, wifi conference rooms
My friend Aline, a fantastic photographer.
sounds good, lunch works best!
who's at tasty trucks tonight?
Happy to be there! Thank you for the opportunity!
I think everyone should have an anthropologist on staff but I'm biased.
new jack white is too perfect
Getting beyond the situation of the current factory model of the school.
Happy Laborday, speaking of labor, I'm working my Isreal case thisw morning.
Country Boy tomorrow! Whee!
had Berela's this morn.Huevos!The other morn Golden Pride.M breakfast!
‘Abdu’l-Bahá just missed his train! The carriage that was to take him to the station was late picking him up.
disney take me please
EMS GRIND BOLD flavor is Black and Tan.
July 18, 1987 - Don Mattingly homers off Texas' Jose Guzman to tie Dale Long's ML record of hitting a home run in eight consecutive games.
Yes! Time to rest! Another fun week will begin tomorrow! Good night shasticians! We hope you had a shastic kind of weekend! ;)
I vehemently disagree. At least not inherently, maybe some. re: "I think what people make with is art." —
I just got followed by , aka Garlic Jim's Pizza, in Bellevue, WA. I have no idea why, but it sounds AMAZING.
how did u make that mistake?
Smoking a joint by myself on the top of the bleatures at the park, someone come smoke with me:-)
"Baby I fucks wit u"
I wonder if Amare Stoudemire was so upset about hurting his hand that he punched a wall with his other hand....
Thanks for the RT! How are you?
whats up w rubbernecking & the ability to get so distracted by someone elses drama that 1 gets completly off path...wait.nevermind.love<3
If raul gets up were takin the lead watch
Ha!! My Man Mad.. #sucka#You know what time it is.. (Let Me know) #WhenYOUreadThis#
Thank you soo much :) We'll have a new single out soon entitled Words Well Chosen so keep an eye out!!
Lame. I have work in the AM and am sick you should be going...
sad my bestfriend doing me like that.. Psh
Not recently, I think I scared em all off lol!
At an Elton John concert. 7ft Grand piano on stage should be awesome
man that sound good as hell...ill have to use that theme
Only in NYC for a weekend and I was able to get 3 foursquare badges without trying. We need more foursquare enthusiasts in South Florida!
AH! The level of joy (and terror) in that pic make me want to move back to be close to you! You da best.
In San Fran. Open to recommendations on place to go out tonight.. Dm me
justin is almost at 22 million followers....THATS MY BOY :')
I don't have action on the game but is that a bad call.
I just had to listen to a woman flossing & gargling in the 2nd fl bathroom
I finally got my L's on friday and it felt like I just turned 16 again lol
my swagg dont ever turn off it got a generator lol
Hahaha! All of you people bragging on twitter & tumble that you're going to coachella and I'm not! ITS RAINING! <U+2614><U+26A1><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+0080><U+2601>
#NowPlaying The Electric Prunes – Are You Lovin' Me More on
Kaizen = Continual Incremental Improvement. A ship cannot steer when it is still.
Tune to at 6p for 's latest nonprofit initiative #MusicForAMission during SOUNDWAVES pool shows this summer
you buy a playstation
Boys who hit females need there asses beat !! You came from a woman fuck wrong with you !!
owww I love your new Twitter pic! We need to get a sock bun pic next <3
What a great #EarthDay initiative!
What are you up to over there, Mike? And, does it need to be radio-controlled? ;-)
So ready! Two days left at HQ then its time to get this show on the road!
I heart the Happy birthday, Tony!
Oh that is a fantastic idea; didn't know they had just the glass part!
I blame YOU Katy K for turning me on to the train wreck that is...The Bachelorette
And, as always, you are most welcome Joan.
If you're trying to craft a work email that says "this is f***ing bulls**t" in diplomatic terms, the best thing to do is not even send one.
If only I was motivated to study...
“: Mention me your Instagram you guys, so I can follow you !” <==== josh_no_drakebell!
Loved you on American idol any chance you'll come to Chicago soon
I have reached new dork status. I now have the TARDIS takeoff as my text message alert. I LOVE IT!!!
Searching for Engine Programmer (Unreal) @ Boston, MA studio. Ping me:
lol there are a lot of them on these challenges :)
"you're kind of boring me" ;)
Absolutely covers all of my favorite food groups!
merry christmas
I don't know. My training took many many moons. #Bond #Bourne #Pumpkin #Wilms?
Follow back
Oh how your finds never disappoint me! Would love to grab coffee soon & catch up!
all i have to say is i luv my HP computer so glad to have it back =)
Just one day til our next Free Public Reading!!! if you're around, please come see what we're doing. www.theatrecompany.biz
Off to the SouthWest Open tournament in a few minutes. One of two largest tournaments I compete in. Best in the world show up here
Let's go Bulls!!!
Awesome! RT : "Transformation is not 5 minutes from now. In this moment you can make a different choice" Jillian M (not...
#ReasonsWhyTheCrimeRateGoUp - hard times create more crime! desperation caused by inflation! struggling in life? or stealing to survive!
You'll have to let me know what you think. I haven't been there yet.
RT : Never allow a thought to live in your head that you do not want to appear in your life. -Inspired by Dr. Wayne Dyer
I don't understand that myself. Has anyone gained followers from a retweet?
I always put on music and dance when I am especially frustrated by uploads :)
InfusionSoft helping small business succeed, empowering entrepreneurs! Great Message & Values
What do rabbits put in their computers?Hoppy disks!
Just got back from the KC AIGA awards gala. Great work, everybody!
I've been in non-profit for 20 years and I have almost ceased to be amazed at how poor the behavior can be
i know right shit im just working tryin to be a big kid lol in love wit my babe doin really good thats about it
Once you get into it, we will crib you on the best hashtags! Welcome to UW! c:
#cookingtip Try using an immersion blender to puree your soups & sauces. It's easier than transferring the hot liquid to a standard blender
Dougco spokeswoman says evidence seized from #Birdman 's home will go to FBI computer forensics lab in Denver
order one at home. And we never went through with our plan of watching one together.
Outstanding show, outstanding company.
This lady use 2 always ask me why I like being in the Hot Seat... I tell her: I guest because I Love It :/
Sharon Van Etten at The Neptune 8/7 (on sale today at noon) according to !
Trying to love all God's creatures. May the grace of His present consume me.
I'm signed up for beta access and now I'm more intrigued.
Aww thanks honey! I want to meet you too! (:
it arrived? What u think?
we.are planning IT out lol
part of it is a people problem -- early patent examiners were not all experts in what they were examining.
As punishment - no Taco Tuesday for the next month. RT : OMG.. Let's get over and be friends again in a few days.
had our first family dance party last night (son is 1 yr old)! it was fun and a good way to blow off steam!
What just happened on ?? This show never ceases to amaze and entertain me!
When circumstances substantially change financially, it is best to try to modify child support payments as soon as possible through court...
i saw a guy that looked like you a couple weeks ago. haha.(:
Sharon Needles, you are amazing!
A Lesson In Romantics could easily be one of my favorite albums ever.
the pits.
The genius of a great leader is to leave behind him a situation which common sense could handle efficiently.
its about being played like an idiot and disrespected that gets me. Like I don't know the truth, when its so obvious. Smh.
Realizing five minutes before your mom comes home that you haven't done a single thing she asked you to do.
hell yea
I think I keep your TL live though.
my hands look so ugly without acrylics on
Are you familiar with any shops like yours in the Seattle area?
Hey morning morning :) its Friday !!
Our leaders must weight the risk of getting involved in other countries internal conflicts costing $trillions of new debt!!
RT : Does everyone know that is on twitter? Talked to him today. It is he.
I thought today was Sunday for a second...this Nascar race doesn't matter now.
“: happy birthdayy broo!” come to my crib!
Seriously! I picked a bad time to plan my vacation!
awesome! great page - that's wonderful that you are a team captain!
:-) Thanks for the love Cris! You know it'll always be returned 10-Fold!! Xoxoxo
": I really dislike ppl right now..." HAHA I know what this is about.
Why do his eyes have to draw me in again and again?
Not this Monday next Monday is Memorial Day which is a national holiday in the states. Most people are off from work then.
HeLLo! RT : And will definitely be shooting the next music film in the series to #CrashCourse!
whos all in your default?? btw u guys r really beautiful
Woot! You're a STAR! =D RT LOL! Im coming out west in October...
Texans look good. We will be open at noon next weekend for games on Sat. and Sun.
Look forward to your tweets! Love your hats!!
Getting my recording on with a fresh new act. She sing, write her own songs and she can rap!! This will be an all day affair
Like jewels in a crown, the precious stones glittered in the queen's round metal hat.
Inspired by another school. Now that ours is established other schools look to ours for guidance.
Beat the Bulldogs!
Q6: Yes all the time. Like reduced sodium low fat chicken stock for the regular.
Friday the 13th, that's why my day was all fucked up
With the score this close I doubt the Red Sox retaliate..They might wait till the next meeting at Fenway..
No matter how you want to twist it, the Lakers played how they've been playing all season: They did not match the other team's effort.
how do u delete a tweet? im cyberspace retarded..
FYI there are no Sasquatch in
is watching George Lopez show and then Lopez Tonight!
After tonight's episode, I can only assume we'll see you as a fashion consultant on Top Model soon. Hilarious as always!
Soaking up all this free Vitamin D, yum!
Finally met THE !
Wanting to go to Sydney bad!
Jen thinks I should be an asshole to boys and keep them waiting for more. Says it could be fun. What do you all think?
1st Wednesday of the month, time to go to Toastmasters Whirlpool Club meeting! Lots to do on my task list, but this is high priority!
why would you have an explicit promo for a prostitution show on Lifetime right before "The Hunger Games"?
just saw it. I got you covered. #toomanyformsofmedia!
Thanks for the follow Rick - you look like our kind of guy!
All right. A little gig at Suzy's in Hermosa Beach tonight, 9pm. Loose informal jam with material to be determined...better than staying in.
Watching #extremely loud. :(
ABC family movies and Chipotle.
Friends that offer u bigotry aren't friends.
I delete people from lists and unfollow them...but twitter doesn't listen. Its like they want to torture me with these ppl's bullshit...
next time
no need for rage - it was in reference to iOS apps. No web or pc needed.
: "Somebody I Used to Know" is about to be "A Song I Used to Like." #overplayed every station playing it even has a
My "little" brother is coming home tomorrow from 3rd overseas deployment! Army reservist. This time was 9 months. Can't wait!
Any Ideas what I should tweet about?
If so many 'Bachelor' seasons end in breakups while the 'Bachelorette has a better record, why not more bachelorettes?
I'm expecting a personal invite to the next tailgate shabam
good evening! I ate suhi tonite! I love sushi!
it's a campground I go to and country girls like glitter too
i asked her she said no
Submit! Submit! Submit! Submit! Submit! (Hey, look, iambic pentameter). Submit to CRUX before the deadline this Friday.
Just crushed some honeybees
I want Chipotle, b. shit is that serious.
Happy 2012 to all my peeps, stay blessed!
wens the las time u clld hm dnt try an play me lik I'm sure broke ass bitch cuz I will F u up seriously!
about to go home.. goin to see kane. hopefully i wont feel the way i do monday..
This was crushing!! Rangers had a great season that ended badly... Horrible pitching.. Congrats Cardinals & fans
is this your wife?... Nice frame.
How can something that feels so right be so wrong...
he ain't been sentenced yet other cuz wit da dreads keep sayin he wasn't da driver so he tryna fight da murder charge
oh yeah go pack cross you toes
I hate how my mom comes to my bathroom and uses my hair straightener, when she got HER OWN! >__<
Still looking for a breakdancer to volunteer to come out to the next session. Anybody know any good dancers that would come out!
I have a headache...and im trying 2 type a 7 page paper! goodness gracious!
I frequently travel between EU, NA, SA. Can you please clarify region restrictions so I know I will be able to play the game?
thanks! I began EADitor almost two years ago. it's nice to finally reach production.
Phone is on the fritz... Will have a replacement by Saturday (I hope!). E-mail me if you need to reach me before than!!
The doctor that was touching my face smelled good.
IM Coming
Hey Matthew.. Welcome!!
yoo text me asap
me too can't sleep
universal music group took down my lana del rey remix from youtube. it had over 380,000 plays. thanks, lana.
Dang. I want some wheat thins and a coke zero.
All these new traffic cams on Chester Ave. It's like Demolition Man. #UNCONSTITUTIONAL #dystopian #Cleveland #happyinCLE!
It was fun as shit lmao
Haha, I like yours. :) my actual shield will just be an outline of a huge owl. :o
Questions on IJdijken Project? email
So i'tis and will be for a long time to come. Def. don't see city council or city objecting to it.
Thanks for launching on Android. Just what the world need: more duck face portraits.
29 N closed at rt. 838 near Covesville due to a car/Tractor trailer accident. Severe delays
#imagine Austin:i need a girl thats goin be my baby,so if you love me say im ur baby You:im your baby:) Austin:*smiles* -anna
Me + ________ = cute couple.
Hey sis! Question, I need a couple mixes/podcast to play during my listening event in Vegas, do have any I can download?
The worst thing about #TheVoice is the host, Carson Daly. So bland. The best thing without a doubt is //call Brian Dunkleman!
wut other options do da fins have to bounce?
thank u love!!! Come!!!! We are going to GEM new place in financial district!!
my dad said if you RT this that i can go to your show in LA :)
Tune into K103 (103.3 FM) tomorrow morning at 7 am to hear Concordia's very own Joe Mannion from the College of Education be interviewed.
- Says The Daredevil . QT : I Don't Its Just Some Stuff You Don't Do . And Some Chances You Don't Take .
hey guys! Check out our new photoshoot on our facebook page!
I'm pretty sure you can just discard that.
and , would love to meet at #scio12 if you're still around tmrw, love your work!
So you can always remember me. ^-^
Its a tenth as good RT : Sad, but true: on a typical week #Community gets a tenth of the number of viewers Seinfeld used to draw.
": ": " can't even touch this" ;) -- Words of "U dang rite." Haha. That was hilarious!
Only god decides who wins or loses
RT : I just ordered chamomile tea LOL. Please RT.
Shouldn't have drank that Dr Pepper at 12.
sweet haha at home gonna eat dinner soon.
Exploring New Marketing Channels Pays Off
Going to check out some at AKLOL. Wish this stuff was going on when I was at Temple.
tomorrow! I'll vogue with them. :-)
. West coast = best coast. So happy to see you and the Turp!
AOA wishes the best of luck to all third-years taking NBEO Part I exams today!
You are sent to an awful prison forever. U get 1minute per day to enjoy a thing u love, then back to the demon torture. What do u choose?
#BigBroAfrica #stargame is kinda boring...maybe after the extra fat is cut it'll be worth the time...
The only thing i should really see on my timeline is every body wishing a happy birthday SO WHATS GOING ON GUYS!?
I'm five minutes in myself. it's immoral not to utilize the education you pay for. oohh ya there you some ethics
it's def opportunistic. But it's not like men don't know this beforehand. Examples are all around us. Y would u b any different?
Nobody cares about this movies
Watched the movie The Cove this weekend. Forever changed my views on dolphins in captivity. No more SeaWorld for me.
Just found the tee shirt drew for me maybe 5 years ago!
"They can think what they want but don't define me, I will define myself." - Sidney Poitier via @
The new tagline for Pork is "Be inspired." i'm penning new advertising copy for common products.
1111: LOVE YOUR NUMBER. and I love you icon<3
yes it is,ya don't get to take it that easy in NYC. It's much more real out there and dudes forget how good they have it in Detroit
Haven't tried Bet it's not available in Oregon.
“: #WH2012 324,000 Women Dropped Out Of The Labor Force -- In Last 2 Months! #TCOT #TeaParty //” hope that change wrkd out!
If you #myfavoriteartist I'll cop your Cd , I won't bootleg =)
borrow some of perfume. she knows her scents.
Is that Tesla statue in NYC or where exactly?
Dick Clark and Don Cornelius, both gone this year. The DC's brought America together through music.
": Something stinks of dead fish?? #unsolvedmysteries" I SOLVED THE MYSTERY. IT'S !!!
Orbert Davis every student should have music in order to learn other subjects
Pre-register online now for "We Are Made of Stuff" at the Centre Township Branch on January 26th at 6pm. Call 251-3700 for more information.
haha I love this movie!
b complex'd.
I'm going to try to! :)
it is hilarious. seriously made my shitty ass day. thanks for that.
Fee iPad2 anyone? Only had 199 people play last week, your odd's are great! Simple, Fun and FREE! www.playffnow.com
Thankss(: So what's up?
RT : Today's Mail: "I left my job at this children's museum to work at Hooters. . . I get treated better at Hooters". Wow...
Just the endorphin high I needed
tv isn't ready for us... we are to awesome...lol
Y it b the cute ones that b gay? There's no way in hell dick feels that good in the ass lol j/k I love the gays n dikes:)
What do you do there with your material packaging?
not giving up hope in the boys, just giving up hope in Mazzaro. We still need SP
Today lunch W. Lafayette/2nd 11:00-2:00. Freshly made, hot, thick, bold, delicious sauce on 3 cheese/spinach ravioli!
I got my mom a book, and she said she bought it for herself....
RT : cloud-u-cate.....like educate #clouduc8 <--Was wondering that too...very clever
On a scale of 1-10 on enjoying doctor appointments, I'm somewhere between a -5 and digging a hole to China.
Just ended!
will you have some cars around FiDi tomorrow morning at 4am?
pool side with , , , and
we don't do all that well when in extra innings!! We must fix that!
I really hate school.
hope i passed the class.. i have a high B so i should be good
Check out and his awesome blog
We got 5 more pre-sale passes for First 5 people to sign up for our service via web or iPhone app get a pass for the PreSale!
I ask women questions like what are your short term goals and where do you see yourself in 10 yrs a woman can answer that a girl can't
Garage Collaboration Forms Rocking Duo
Ooh! is having a DALLAS premiere party 6/13 it’s time for to get that screener. Your move
Thank you guys so much for our first show in 2010! It was great to see all of your pretty faces & dancing <3
Polka dots or plaid?
LOL I admit I get my hubby to parallel park for me!
great pick up line!!
Today is National Blame Somebody Else Day, go ahead and point those fingers.....let's see who and what you blame someone else for. :)
Thanks for the heart attack.
Lima Charlie this net.
Today was great!! Met someone Ive been waiting to meet for a long time:) i hope tomorrow is the same!
“: Shoutout to for being my newest follower! #dayhasbeenmade” shoutin right back at ya!!
No Concert :( I was really hoping to go to ...
Don't mess with momma Clay
terribly stretch for philly sports. maybe the 76ers will announce another iverson comeback tomorrow?
Anyone attend the Violet Crown or Old Pecan Festivals this weekend? What was the best thing you saw?
I think he will become Hstn's 26th senior to opt for out of state college. Currently we have 41 hoop stars headed to D1 schools.
No homo, but you pull off the LMFAO
Meringolo of : universities need to ask communities for their ideas/needs not just take a set project idea to them
what beach are you heading to today ? Omg I hope it's Miami Beach cause I'm going today! I hope I get to meet you. Iloveyou 5
Way to go!
then my principle was like, "Miss DeLuzzia, how dare you!"
Had an obsession with 's "Overdrawn" in 2010 and Ep 2 of just brought on a relapse. Damn good music supervision.
We'll also encourage people to connect with and room with other Campers to save on cash.
and Hey Jude!
yes jenna
No way I'm sleeping tonight after seeing cowhead tv , I'm scared..LOL
Enjoying my morning & early afternoon before heading in to work. What are you up to today?
You should consider your soul, that's where real pain is found
RT The NFL needs to have a 3 month lockout every year, Free Agency becomes a fantasy draft
gosh were attractive! Lol, how do u know it's his?
I need a wrestling buddy here at home. :(
Scouts…oh the tangled webs we weave…
Aww, thanks so much!
Did anyone else catch the ABC News promo featured Tebow-Manning tag line during BOS v LAL game?
William Ralph Inge, English religious leader and author (1860-1954).
It was Night at the Opera!
unfortunately yes
#ChuckNorris has been on Mars, that's why there is no life there.
I have recently achieved an unprecedented, award-winning, state of lethargy.
I can see us together on top We livin' like we hit the jackpot Cha-ching, like money in the bank You should be with me (`<U+25BD>´)-s
reading your rants before bed = dreaming about you ranting
Will do... I thought that was a restaurant?
TONIGHT at Respectable Street. ALLAN AND DAN ARE DOING VINYL SETS INSIDE!!! CLASSIC RSC FRIDAY NIGHTS!
Taco Tuesday! :)
Devil's Due.
high five of approval! <3
You tried your best and you failed miserably. The lesson is 'never try'. ~ Homer Simpson
Grateful for the help with "Exlpore Fulton Market" by It will be the best ever!
is so talented. Good lord, I love this kid.
Me:"hey mom what's you're password for ___________" mom: "victoriajadegallup" me:" ... uhh ha okay.."
Is it preeettyyy?
I really hope it rains...
who playing?
I love this tweet! We need to plan a lunch date next week with Sarah!
#FF follow these awesome #chicago eateries enjoy your weekend!
bahaha seriously!! I wish they would play the Halloween movies again, that was the best!
I just found out my mom and 's mom are going out tomorrow. #thefuck O.o
Had a great time at the annual Orleans County black tie fundraiser w/first county to endorse me. Great people. Now, off to cancer benefit.
My dream last night >
Sometimes you need to eat oatmeal at 2:30am.
"Heavy Weather" by Bruce Sterling. Good near future SF about a storm chaser on the trail of a C6 tornado.
Ain't this something had faith in the team but it's cool though
The video is awesome bro
NWST: on #Seahawks QB Situation & #RGIII, plenty of #Mariners talk from & w/ on
Press conference 1:30 Wednesday : $ from , partnership with , and access to care for homeless adolescents.
Bucks up 103-97 with 24 seconds left. Toronto starting to foul.
um.. Our birthday suites!!? Hehe!! =p
is now a TRUE "PAKALITE!!"
I love you Justin, you are such an inspiration,, (:
Rep Berceau cracking up the students with her straight talk on the current political environment in WI.
Get out and enjoy the weekend!
Thanks, appreciate for the quick response.
For the best burgers in town, buy Grass-fed 85% Lean Ground Beef. You’ll save $2/lb when you buy 3 lbs or more! That’s just $4.99/lb Fri-Sun
Thank you so much for the ReTweet for "16-Love"!! It's a great movie! x
Kobe Bryant and Vanessa share kiss after the #Lakers game last night!?? Yet again Mr.Bryant gets what he wants.
It's a coffee in bed with heat on sort of morning at the beach!
lol! u know it's always love!! and is u saying june 6?
and saying you and selena break out because you like caitlin again
Luke Bryan is so sexy
I love beanies. I feel much better when I have one on. (:
Ten bucks says I know him.
I swear my brain is 70% song lyrics.
Copeland and This Providence 2night in Houston
Keeping fingers crossed that the hail damage is not enough to total my car. It's really close at this point. Replacing hood, roof & trunk.
hello! Whats up?
www.prepaidlegal.com/hub/bonds95 ; People spend $149.-- on useless stuff . Why not use it to make hundreds to thousands to Millions ?
RT : Jack is about to take the stage! Watch the livestream of his show at NYC's Webster Hall directed by Gary Oldman now...
RT : "You have to have confidence in your ability, and then be tough enough to follow through." - Rosalynn Carter
ACM entertainer of the year: taylor swift. WHY. how can they pick her over j aldean, blake, kenny, and brad paisley?! morons
Thanks for having us present tonight! Great event!
We've changed our event to 2013. It makes more sense to do it then. More time for planning & other things.
I want to!
Thanks for sharing, Chris!
My daughter's fearlessness scares the daylights out of me!
aww who u talking bout? Hopefully the girl u been talking to :)
Sierra Club San Diego Chapter is now a-Twitter!
Good morning! This message sent to via VIP Android simulating a Blackberry and iPhone via a satellite that's falling to earth sans ego :)
great! i'd love to make a song on figure on a car trip, and then flesh it out at home. i'll spread the word on figure.
it alright wby
I can't tell if you are being sarcastic or not. Should buttons have more explicit "I do this for you" descriptions?
calm down lol that aint me
re etiquette: totally disagree. Ppl value exclusivity. That's why they go in the first place.
do you work for threadless? if so I love their tshirts and have a few! hook it up w a discount code ;D
Torchy's and TacoDeli are about $3.50 a taco. So if you get three like I usually do, plus a drink, it gets expensive.
which bar?
Also have not seen #Avengers yet. Is it worth it, twitter? THIS WAS A JOKE. DO NOT REPLY.
Today, I'm may be a loose goose. I did an all nighter last night :) ..fumes! RT : LOL much love
omg I just did that!
Well have our buzz back one day, all you need is a lil faith believe in god and hustle to get to the top. #CT-KREW we got this.
already following!
Boom! Eureka moment!
where the heck is mine?! #chocolatethieves RT Heather hide my chocolate!Please!
This is sometimes called lying.
Jonathan Papelbon is still a better closer than Aceves or Melancon, as much as people still want to bash him.
i been in private school all my life , i wanna try some different .
Go girl. Wait till Junior Year. I have given up. I say just buy one off the Internet.
bout to do the same
a trip to the snack shack would've been better
ohh duhh sorry im nothing straight now lol xD dude me to!!!
Nomination for Tweet Of The Year candidate!
Always stand behind what u believe in
indeed. Arguably, even "transgender" itself started out this way -- rich white folks who didn't want to be associated with others.
Flip flopping between NCAA tourney and Miami vs Orlando game
OMG overtime ..... What an exciting game?!
I'd rather start hart at first, Gomez/aoki/Morgan in right or center
if you mean explore options like putting him in the secondary then I am all for it
RT : Beer is the third most popular drink in the world (after water and tea).
Do it for everyone else. LOL
CSS (much like JS) will let you do anything (no matter how stupid)
Awesome! I think you're gonna dig it. We'll be sending out an email, but basically it's also at www.ufbrocks.com on the 27
#FreeManson more like free mason, building and stuff tss
Only thing good about a Blackhawks loss is everyone leaves right away.....but what intense show! Hossa Hossa!
No problem sir Chinese M&M's (MMCHNZ) XD
That's not what you told me last night.... Hmmph! ;o(
This was Skype. I think you added the lavendergirl68 one as well.
I highly recommend this book. See his website.
Dear Lord...let the Browns unis be EPIC!!
I open treasure chests without making search checks for traps cuz im a
Just died laughing. Chuck, you can't b sporting the taco meat on TV. No sir! May as well have threw the 1980's gold chain on.
There was nothing good available by you guys, so I'm on the other side of the ball park. Section 227, Row 10 - aisle seats.
testing SpiderOak... looks very nice so far.
Now, now, I didn't say all of that.Don't go jumping to conclusions!! You are pleased to get me whatever your heart desires!
do u like how Ryan reminde us he's an AUTHOR now?
Afterglow just came up on my Pandora station! Very cool. Hope you're well!
Rally sign: "Let us all develop an accurate interpretation of US history before we start quoting dead people"
M pancakes. I think I might be hitting an IHOP for dinner!
Drean as big as you can- the skys the limit
you ROCK! that is all
Honest question : do you know exactly what happened the day he was killed? Only Zimmerman does. It's sad, but, we do not
hey Gail, how are you? Been thinking about you!
aww okay thats what I figured
I burnt my finger on my straightner and it kills
“: 1 hour of writing now 1 hour of reading :)”
#mudmelt swedian: my piece includes dialog between two things just outside our (complete) Vision.
Good morning!
boys for sure.
Who's seeing in Columbia tonight?
My Producer Come Back Monday So We Can Talk Den Bruh
It is the birthday of J. M Barrie, author of Peter Pan. For a semester, I lived just down the street from his London house.
Today I played the role of "accountant"... at my day job... hopefully my "method" convinced the IRS!
#NYR let's go baby!
Royal Oak tonight?
It takes two to speak the truth; one to speak and another to hear. ~Henry David Thoreau
Ah know, g! But I gots tuh have mah buffalo chicken!
Congrats - you have won a ticket to and a $50 gift card to ! We will send you a DM :)
#BasketballWivesLA The show I love to hate .... You are really Crazy enjoy your husband yo ...
Glad to know I'm doing my little part to keep sarcasm alive on the twitters.
Nicely done. With puns like that, it is clear you've been influenced by
why are you leaving wednesday?!?!
since I can't tweet from my other Account I'll wish you a Happy New Year from here! Have a great 2011!
#HappyTime Go shopping for a stranger ;-)
This critical thinking class really causes you to think and reason everything
lol. Maybe, depends on your reference point I suppose lol. It makes me happy.
This twitter stupid
Was Mitt Romney really a spoiled, pampered, bully in High School? Say it isn't so...
GOAL GOAL ST LOUIS GOAL!!
No boobs for plastic
Cut off shirt, torn jeans, and heels. <3
“: Thanks,wasnt sure who actually scans QR codes from a comp screen.I'll try that out,thanks! Love the site! #ItsMyURLS”
you know I do sleep well with others?(;
InSpotter mobile app for African-Americans reduces the element of surprise at clubs
haha seagulls... bagels... And don't even get me started on the milk truck
I was just messing with you by the way lol I'm sure he'll make it easy. At least that's why I'd do if I was leaving
Good morning. This is a 'make it happen" kind of day. Let's go get it!
Today is an exciting day Kindras sencys & A1styles R Launching there business !!
Durbin told me my dream of having a lion isn't going to happen.. :( doubter
haha help me backup then let's go outside this movie #strange !
Miller time is my favorite time of the day!!!!
Nap time...then back to work for 3:30...have a great day
“You change for two reasons. Either you learn enough that you want to or you’ve been hurt enough that you have to.”
Going to the beach and maybe the LP Zoo
Maybe your aren't the person I thought you were ?
My acct was hacked. Pls DO NOT click on any links I have sent today. Sorry, ugh!!
I'm going to wait to submit the prop until tomorrow afternoon--going to check w/ the boss first, just to be sure
Im Twisting up this #Cali Dro what yall doing?
How do I follow
Getting ready, job interview, grandparents house, & then finally back to Indy!
Bored as a bitch at work# Vampire life
I want SM Town in Texas. But then again, we can't always get what we want...
did you know all studied PROVE #housing ENDS #homelessness?!!!
have you ever been to the Wis. State Fair?
Who is getting up/staying up for a #BlackFriday sale? Who hates it? Who loves it?
Nice story. RT Thought of you RT : Libraries, what are they for? A Story & 5 Fundraising Ideas for Libraries
Today was extra special, it was magical. Just because! Life is a mystery and a journey. *(*.
Hungry ass bitches.
Then on August 20th, 2011, wished me a happy 5 day anniversary xD
RT : #UFopenhum OK. How about we switch to #ufdhkeynote? Good idea!
I want to hear your power rankings now!
Great! The mere mention of the name and that friggin song is stuck in my head!
GOT THE BUDGET FROM TRACE NOW TO THE MODEL AND DESIGNER SELECTIONS.
Writers write, and rewrite until they get it right. Right?
If I never make a dollar in my life I'm still good cuz I have my health.
...have I told u lately how awesome your avi is <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
I have a taste for sum #friedfish.. Who has the best in the A<f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B4>
Agreed. That waiting and wondering can suck the life out of you. Hang in there, superstar!
i will be getting horseshoe earrings with zebra print balls because i'm awesome =]
This girl! RT : T-minus 2 days until tracking. Anybody else excited?
I'm going to the Alumni event as well (how I found your Twitter handle).. Graduated Recording Arts 2001. You?
wow!buat homework sambil dengar lagu di computer?i u don't understand translate it to malay and english okay
That would be The king of IJP or himself
can we help get channel back?! He was hacked! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
Upgraded flight to Seattle for a short work week before vacation!!
genuinely glad to see so much (correct!) helium alarmism. but shouldn't the natural gas boom have meant a helium boom, too?
I'm screaming free Boosie all day today
2 Day's Food 4 Thought: Children will not remember u 4 the material things u provided but 4 the feeling that u loved them.
Would you accept purchasing a product and having the company that sold it to you not be able to guarantee delivery like ? Thoughts?
Andrew Zolli: the network is a political philosophy enabled by a technology, not a technology in and of itself.
Just finished my final mock draft. Mostly guess work. Explanations of the picks are what's important. Impossible to know a team's board.
Awkward moments with old friends who can never be the same again.
[2 - 1] DC United beat NE Revolution
doin a couple shows on tha northside an currently workin on my newest mixtape titled
#schoolmemories T-I-T-T-L-E TITTLE, TITTLE!
Looking for a new #job in a creative field like marketing, design, development, content, in #Indy? REACH OUT TO ME! Thanks!
I have this #Love for the greatest creations of all time...#Humanity and the rest of the universe, so I will SHARE MY creation #MUSIC LOVE
I like big books and I can not lie
Nothing better than fucking Dave
Ladies! If you missed Mr. Figaro's performance last night @ Secrets, pictures and video coming soon...
do it ahah parents know
Follow who is live-tweeting colloquium speaker 's talk.
Whoo ,,, LOng time that I've checked my Twitter..
NWST: Brandon Roy on retirement, #Mariners vs #Tigers, Josh Hamilton history, Shawn McWashington talkin' football 930
What on earth is
A true friend sees your first tear, catches the second and stops the third.
Who's going to the Hawk Nelson, Revive, Britt Nicole and John Reuben concert in Indy tomorrow night?
~Your lives are echoing the master’s words.~ 1 Thessalonians 1:8
#1DTOURUSA I will die if i met you guys.#justsayin July 8, 2013 Section:103 Row: T Seat: 5
I get to take a billion pictures of clouds in the sky tho woo
really? Come over to my chat room next time I'm on cam and show me how you treat the lady :)
Anyone from Dallas who's interested in Moonrise Kingdom free passes? Screening is next Wed, May 23. Let me know! :)
Man that thang get so wet u think u spilled sumthin
AMA 350s are going fast, yeah buddy
It's like a punch to the gut.
If I be in my shit starting now , I could graduate with a 3.5 ! I fucked around first semester of my freshman year !
LMAO.. WHAT MOVIE IS THIS........ DID YOU JUST GRIND ON ME? YEA, JUST A LITTLE LOL
because the women can fit into it there.
Fuckin again, nah imma show you what u had & throw that shit in your face!
My day has been bad already. I smashed my foot :(
I hope you enjoy every moment of your weekend! Weather perfection.
Cool. Just got a blog hit from Iceland. Noting these countries of origin is the closest I'll get to world travel.
me too! I love #herbritts and a day at the #getty is going to be amazing :)
Quit asking where the pacers fans were when we were here the whole time.
:D, you make me smile
I'd kill for nap
I hate Windows. I hate Windows. I hate Windows. I hate Windows. I hate Windows. I hate Windows. I hate Windows. I hate Windows. I hate Wind—
looking forward to the video shoot for Everytime You Go....if you wanna hear the track..please visit www.reverbnation.com/adamsizemoremusic
Ate dat good Italian meal pasta meatballs chicken lamb potatoes salad salami n fruit after
Two words (sans profanity): power trip. More words: I need to do a job search tonight. Cuz my gen. Mgr won't do anything about her.
Back to back homers from Ian and Elvis last night.
DH just purchased grass shears testing tomorrow I will report if they beat Fiskars
Chad will sign it
where's the photo?
What a stylish watch! Too bad it would dwarf my wrist and put me in debt for the rest of my life.
I like animals that need attention, you know you have to take care of them. Then basically they just have this fuck you attitude.
I'm trying to understand hashtags. So if I put a # sign before a word or phrase, more people might see? #PaulMcCartney #chocolate cake
What inside of you is standing in the way of what you really want?
i'd rather ______ than do my timesheet
For some strange reason I love the name Annabeth caitlin :D I'm naming my daughter That lol when I have one
my friend might be able to help. msg (thought I think you both have protected accts, so not sure how that works).
Bumped to "James Franco" on the way to the studio this morning. Can't get it out of my head.
is open. Who is hungry for some pancakes?
Isthmus reporting that lame duck DC Circuit Judge Roger Allen will resign to return to Madison City Attorney's Office. pursuing.
Things need to come to an end... to make way for a beautiful beginning...
Releasing an update video soon. So, keep an eye out :)
Is so excited for the huge family lunch at sobelmans today!! I'm loving this too much
Anyone just see the red head make an ugly face and stick her tongue out? What was that?
If you know that you will have extra tickets for graduation please be kind enough to give them to me :) please !!!
agreed, however fans free agency is becoming as real as player free agency.
Congrats on making the Final 4!!!
Welcome to #Indy! Beware you are now in a non-NHL state.
I never did before I moved over here, either. Now that I've got some friends around these parts, it's not bad.
RT Energy and Commerce Reconciliation Package Targets CHIP & Medicaid, Risks Health of America's Children |
#20 When you are able to help someone in need, Bro don't withhold what God has placed in your hands! #GodlyBroTips Prov 3:27
love you! <33
When you put faith, hope and love together, you can raise positive kids in a negative world
it makes me so happy to see LeBron like this
“: So much Robert Horry in Christian Watford.....”// That is a fact.
Just watched a beautiful movie
Apparently today was let's be rude for no reason day. Sorry, I guess I didn't get the memo.
You hate Austin Mahone? Why would you talk about him for hours and caring what he does and everything about him? That's mean you love him.
all respect to ironman favre...and no real thanks to bush or brees...SAINTS TO THE BOWL---it's a new age!
Dreading tomorrow. Fuck school. Fuck "love". And fuck the police.
I dont see why I even follow you anymore honestly. I always follow people for you & never get a follow back.
Hey #Milwaukee - it's Scholars' Thursday. Starting at 9 pm, we've got a great evening of music, trivia, comedy, poetry and more.
Bedtime Tips for Parents of Children with Special Needs
I could use a new headshot, but I need to pay off some bills first before spending $300 to $500 on the Photographer and prints.
Try Legal Seafood.
How are you buddy? Are you in America now? TELL ME HOW TO USE THIS THING, do celebrities ever answer back?
U got an email so I send u more beats directly?
It should have been Selena in the video :)
RT : RT : I remember when the M in MTV stood for "music" not "maternity."
Avocado Mandarin Salad Vidalia Onion Dressing - Gluten Free 9.99
I cut my hair, i look like the Shrek version of Orlando Bloom smoking weed.
If process cannot be aligned (shortage of people, material, or time) then system has to align to process.
come on...
It's pretty good! The cloud of the old man has lifted, so that in it itself is wonderful. Everything else is pretty much the same.
D-Will is unstoppable right now.
in '96 me & my best friend drove 12,000 miles in 36 days to visit 16 ballparks. 7 of them have been replaced now.
I hate the rain. Its rained the past two days. Like, wtf. Is another flood coming?
RT? If you can't wait for this Wednesday!:)
Jus found out I have a shake waiting for me in the freezer
Writing a quality postcard message is like tweeting and/or haiku-ing.
#FashionBlog is getting a face lift!
literally did not pay for a single drink. "i dont charge cute blondes" sorry that had to cover the tab hahahaha
Watchin total black out.
Just heard the most insane unbelievable detail about this New Albany serial killer. Jesus.
: Go check out some fye music Shared via TweetCaster
Children and teens are being locked up everyday for committing crimes. They steal guns and jewelry and sell it to willing pawn dealers.
Great on the view. seemed liked Whoopie had attitude with you...
Ploypropylene pipe material has been used in Europe since the 1970's. It's not affected by hydrogen sulfide gas or sulfuric acid.
bahahahhahaha I just died reading this
Wardrobe change... Cuz it's TOO HOT out!!!!! WooHooo!
Oh wait... Fog & taco trucks.
Can't wait for the grand opening of BUTTERFLY at Chateau Nightclub & Gardens...... =)
Ahold Stresses Need for Sustainable Sourcing
awww thanks! Yes, I haven't seen or talked to you in forever missy!
And we'll be tweeting live from the car ride! It's a far ass drive y'all.
Trying to get to 3000 guys and gals!!! Help a brother out here..... I follow back, just give me a day or two. Thanks tweeps :)
Now for free beer @ the liberty bar....
that's not what i asked!
that would be awesome!! Are you available sometime early next week?
Just saw this! Here u go & good luck! :o) 7:30a cloudy (possible fog/mist), 56 degrees, light wind 5 mph.
your show tonight in Everett was epic!
the hoes theory
sometimes i feel bad for celebs like because all we do is sworm over him and follow his every move i wonder how hw feels??? :/
Aww, that blows! :( I hope to see ya soon, it's been a while!
come to the office after class!
Another good night at surrender.. Busy busy, come check us out!! Only
hate people that complain all day long..
": hope im not botherin u" I don't do phone sex. Anyway, shape or form. But I make sexual tweets time2time
Precisely. And I have a spa day today, which I paid for before I learned of my impending loss of income.
can we get some Tupac "OldSchool"
Stop Designing ProductsCustomers don’t care how innovative your product is, they care about their experience.
Who ant shit at that
If o don't get to atleast shadow with tonight, my birthday will be RUINED.
yo, you are funny and have a delivery similar to Chapelle, should be looking at your stuff. Keep up the good work.
do what you have to do shawty!
We Are For The Young American's 18-35, The College Grad's, The Young Professionals, and Young Entrepreneurs.. FOLLOW AND LIKE OUR PAGES!
maybe the artists are being facetious...
Give a good woman 100 % She'll give you a 1000 % in return
I made some sick choreo tonight! (:
Aww he said u got no nipples
best. ever.
BABY DID A BAD, BAD THING.
All of the sports have a safety net, but boxing is the only sport that has none. So when the fighter is through, he is through...
On this MLK day: Freedom is a hard-bought thing. -- Paul Robeson, 1898-1976
We will always love you #Grammy!
um, let's see...we decided on strawberry for the cake..got groceries....making fish tacos for supper.. you? ;-p
RT : Man is getting blasted all over the country and in the UK!
In fact, may be better that way. With no real #NHL MVP star aside from Quick, LA lime-light will never burn solo
where is your favorite place to get ties?
I have the best mom, told her i wasn't feeling well and now she is making me soup for when I get home from work :)
I may or may not be drinking way too much, way too quickly.
Sorry about that! But glad you got it sorted.
RT : Have you tried our "Made From Scratch Soups"? They are AMAZING! Warm up with a bowl this week :)
is awesome. Thanks for following.
I take that back: The Cubs are the anti-awesome
have you seen The Lion King? Titanic?
You know it's time to hit the sack when you're sitting in the office & can't tell if it's your dog or husband snoring from the living room!
Nice! RT : And topping off the night at McCoy's Public House... With a bunch of heavy drinkers...
FINALLY GO T INTERNET BACK!
Just few more hours left and then I can finally enjoy the weekend! What's for dinner tonight? Dessert for sure!!! :)
ratings. Smatings. I expect more along with the others.
yes of course love, you know where to find me! X
Best friend wants to ply me with free booze tonight and who am I to stop him?
Was just told I wasn't real...Oh okay?
how deep of a wordpress knowledge do they need?
oh yeah, I'm thinking of something WAY bitchier than than that. like...I'm talkin' bit-CHAY!
“The difference between style and fashion is quality. Giorgio Armani
Getting ready to play some upcoming shows! Dates to come shortly!
Are you getting tired of the same old catering at your office?!? Call Mama and we will bring classic home cooking to work!! 312-545-0951
"Oliver Twist of Lime" - Edible tales not accepted by Pearson
Mariano Rivera: "I'm not going out like this". Spoken like a true legend.
Updated Draw Something and lost my colors. No fair! :(
what happened to ur forehead
i'm not texting you until you take it back. I will abolish our friendship like Abraham abolished slavery, don't try me bih.
omgg you're so lucky that you got to speak to Justin!
wow serious bummer re: Otherside Cafe
I know a guy who's addicted to brake fluid. But he says he can stop any time.
hey! I was at the Market Place today strolling w/ my 11 month old and saw your sign! How are you guys?
S/O to all the ppl back home that cant go to the beach everyday like i can lol
Okay I'm jealous...I wanna watch the fight now. My TL is nothing but about the fight.
888 people like this page... what a beautiful number... I appreciate all of you...Love. Erika Laxis
lol love u all too!! <333
That would be amazing!! I am making a motivational photo for Trainer Mike for the marathon & he LOVES Draco Malfoy haha.
#Outside in #Aspen is this weekend!! Come join for a #trail restoration service project on Sunday!!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ! PARTY BUS TONIGHT!
“ WORD UP I HEAR THEM TOO.... -____- RT : Niggas throwing fireworks !! Let me tell you it ain't 4thofJuly”
There is no wisdom except in the fear of God; but no one fears God; therefore there is no wisdom. - George Orwell
You were abt to lose it w/Kristen & "Stefon". Which was tougher to keep it together with?
-smiles back- I went to see Renee Yesterday :)
Happy happy joy joy
The steelers just got tebowed !!!
I don't live him.... I love who I thought he was<\3
Sideline Wardrobe by Bill Belichek
Discussing the worst company in America poll. I was right, it's Comcast. You hear that ? No one likes you!
The Lions making the #playoffs is a perfect Christmas gift.
I wish I'd known more about Jamboree. I think it's probably more my 'speed' than NGS. Will go next year.
Sharon Terry, pres of Genetic Alliance, talking about genetic discrimination. Under GINA insurance cos cannot ask for require genetic info.
Alexa Gaul takes free kick fm midfield. Ball bounces around in OSU box. Lexi Harris for Texas comes in to take booming shot. Sails jst wide!
Who is Ready To Jump and Esa Boca Linda ": What's been your favourite cr2 track of 2011 ?"
Under Armor should be ashamed for what they are doing to #Maryland football
You are quite welcome! Good Luck!
thank you for such a great night. And to all the fans, we love you and everything you do.
I get your point. Only 2 people KNOW what happened. And 1 is dead. I think it was your sarcasm that rubbed wrong.
I can feel myself unravellin as my 24hr takehome final deadline approaches and the man @ #fedex/kinkos has still not printed it #lawscho ...
Everything is always amazing at the beginning
I really hate that discourse. I understand the choice politically, but it reinforces the belief that being gay is somehow lesser.
Enjoyin this Texas brisket my dad sent me back in December lol
Debating signing up for a conference in October, Problem is abstract is due in 2 weeks, Can I do it? Ugh Probably not.
You a pussy ass nigga if you beat on a women. Str8 up.
hi i did have a good day. hope you did too
Has anyone out there built a social media strategy for themselves? Meaning for their own personal Twitter usage?
bring me some then
Yay for soccer! It didn't get canceled this time. Yay!
Happy Mother's Day to all those trying out for the next season of Teen Mom. Best of luck, show that baby bump and that mama drama!
YOUR BREATH IS KICKING
Paltalk wants to know: Why did you join Paltalk?
lol you said it would be "juicy" if tebow got caught in a sex scandal..nice guy you are...
much agreed! Haha... I'm here... Well I'm at Denny's haha
At the open mic at Busboys and Poets in DC.
glad you could join us this morning!
Woo-hoo! I'll be traveling a lot to Colombia starting in Sept. So Dale! RT : bueno.....estoy ready para next year!!
yeah, album is almost done. wanted to get ppl familir w/ the name...guess an warning woulda been nice huh? smh lol srry bro.
Your "Hot" (spicy) chocolate shake is great. I can't believe that freak snowstorm at 10:00. Glad you made it to CH today.
I think our guy has been doing some celebrity golfing somewhere. ..trying to get the details. :-)
It's a beautiful day in L.A.!! Time to enjoy it...
love when you make me throw up in my mouth
YAY! 18 DAYS TIL' 's single 'Stomp The Fire Out' comes out!!! :D
yeah.. My mom is half Norwegian half Italian, my dad is Irish, English & German. Haha
ok...calming down....no more race tweets. gets me amped. going to do some yoga now ;)
I'm thankful that I am a tap dancer. RT if you are too!
My mom is mad because of hers and my <U+E00A> grrrr<U+E404><U+E404><U+E404><U+E416><U+E416><U+E416>
WUZ UP FRIEND HELP ME GET MORE FOLLOWERS
Well they can play here everday, I'm fine with that!
thats a cute name lol nice to meet you Claire (:
ur cute:D
Alright Buccos, let's turn the corner this season, we've been on this track to long.
Romney must be glad he hardly pays any taxes because this country has not been good to him.
Gotta love (Re)Acts... RT I have something so incredibly out there and cool in progress for the next (Re)Acts...
“: Been a while since I kissed someone !”
Keep voting guys!!
Listening to Eminem's 'Cleaning Out My Closet'. A very good song.
Water pls! There acting thirsty....
Happy Valentine's Day to our followers! Hope you have a greatd day.
No really ... teach me how to dougie!
Album Listening Party at Ten Bells happening now for ' "Chaos to Cosmos". Join us!!
Nice!! I was at that show!! Think I have a similar pic :)
.I bet u stole those from rocco, anyways u shud gimme some.
Checking things out
Just downloaded ur template. THAT ROCKS! File frm ystrdy now obsolete. I'll try ur file & let u kno if I can't figure it out.
Smh... That shit crazy as hell cause they dem folks just being bullshitting... All that damn talking & Playing the b doin....
Kristy Lovich is reading in Westwood!
#DefOfEarning$$$ Looking at Father & Son, many wud say brain dead puppet wud be as deserving of title "hard working job creator" as son.
sure. Wanna call the shop?
“: Know of a college student who started a business while still on campus? DM w/details" <-yo
works all done for the day now time for some grub!
Today has been a good day except algebra that was boring as always
For whatever reason, having trouble understanding Google+. I'm in, but why do I need yet another social network to keep tabs on?
thanks for the #FF! Hope you had a great weekend!
lol @ when someone says something really perverted and im the only one to notice
Well, I'll be damned! You're right!
Thanks to visitors from who came to see BAA Auditions today!
Damn I don't wanna leave the house for this stupid ass inservice at my job
Working on lots of web projects! Some to be launched very soon! :)
more like summer, when we normally have 80s/90s here in #Maine - it's nuts! Usually still having blizzards this time of year!
Now how are you going to "tell" me to follow you and you're not even following me?lol ;)
This girl sucks at drying hair man...
Props to Corey Hart. He's swinging a hot stick. But the haters had reason to hate. He stunk last year.
Monday the 13th, Garfield's least favorite day of the year
No #USMNT in the Olympics...
Wishing one of the stars of our film a very happy birthday!!
don't say u need to tell me something and say nevermind!
and your point is?
especially after a long night of drinking #welovedrunkfood haha
Oh big shout out to papa jack for the new video camera and camera after an unfortunate incident Now we'll have better pictures & videos!
sheesh. It's not the county championship right ?
Yes! I just heard "got the life" by KORN @ corner. Total jam!
Songs? Let's take Ray Charles' rendition of America the beautiful: inspired lyrics, heartfelt performance. Hope trumps paranoia runs deep!!!
shut up
#erl12 doesn't include back files or e-books at first phase of development or one-time purchases
Planning to enjoy this long weekend....Thank God for opportunites for renewal and recovery...Blessings :)
#ICouldNeverDate someone who cant dress ... bo get it together ...!
That three chunk of chicken :-)
Tomorrow night Woodfish with Matt and The City Limits in Hoboken at Maxwell's! Come on out and rock Wednesday night with us!
Only 15 away from the next zoom, WOW! Keep those tweets coming!!!!!
- I was checking out your blog and, well, you sound awesome! Would you be up for a chat one day? With cupcakes?
Belief in oneself is one of the most important bricks in building any successful venture. Lydia M. Child
Hockey Moms refuse to celebrate Mother's Day, they don't like to remember that they let anything thru their 5 hole. JUDY!!!
Why do guys think they always have to lie for??!!
M-Day: 1 day each year Madison spends 10s of thousands 4 police 2 keep drunk co-eds from date raping or stabbing each other on Mifflin St.
Am I on the way to being delightfully drunk? Why yes, yes I am, thank you for asking.
watching #Weeds with !
and the amazing accents they all have! Ugh, I'm so jealous!:(
well, well, well. You only have like the best rated Android phone.
not sure, let me pass the question on to the guys at the store, or you can call Casey and ask him 614.222.0017
The mango sugar free slurpee is atrocious. I hope 7-11 uses a new forumla for this new batch of low calorie drink.
lets talk! I'm definately not against giving it a go.
I never realized how dirty Romeo & Juliet was.
i need a make-up artist to shadow or assist any ideas????
Ha! Looking forward to working with Strive to move this state's economy forward.
please follow me, u r my favourite boy :D
nice to meet you as well!
Start of Week 3 tomorrow at BHOF. Working on rehousing pennants now, they are amazing. Hall of Fame Classic on the 21st. Great weekend too.
/ CORRECTION - ViaWest Expands Its Oregon Data Center Facility to Meet Rising Customer Demand
No, end of Jan., most likely :
As usual, I'm rooting for the Cleveland Cavaliers this NBA postseason. #GoCavs!
Thank U
if i dont answer the phone does it get to u tht i dont want to listen to ur F****ing mouth !!
well I gtg to soccer practice I'll get on later .... Bye! I'm gonna die Hahahah . Sucks for me Rightt ;(
Be happy in the moment, that's enough. Each moment is all we need, not more
Seriously, Charlies Burgers in the central district has one of the best veggie burgers in town. Ugh I'm fat now.
Wants to start getting down to the basics. fuse+fuel+fire(symbols)=explosions(symbol)
In one episode of Yo Gabba Gabba I can do fishing, cooking, and Jewel Crafting dailies, and kill the Headless Horseman. W00t!
RT : RT : Evernote for iOS update came out late last week. Check for updates to make sure you have the latest.
#HappyStarWarsDay! May the 4th be with you :D <3
You nasty. I was at the Philly airport for about 6 hours the other day. It sucked.
One comes to believe whatever one repeats to oneself sufficiently often, whether the statement be true of false.-- Robert Collier
hi crazy boy.......:) please follow me :) I'd be the happiest girl in the world <3 please <3
I get that 90s fashions are cool now. Fine. But- listen, that can't apply to hemmed jean shorts, ok?
Nice! Thanks
We have a website that you can donate via Paypal or Credit Card (card info isn't saved). Does that work for you?
it still is waiting to deliver Ryan Brauns sample.
Man I miss dancing.
ill help you with those!
I love you so much and it would make my day if you followed me!:D
Awesome! Happy to have you join us in another venue.
Someone saw the #royals lineup today....
I agree we need Shabazz Muhammad at UK. The exposure he would get would be off the charts at Kentucky
#tateball Before I rave how many others got Georges Braque for their first image? Just checking.
The efforts which we make to escape from our destiny only serve to lead us into it. -Emerson
It's amazing how when people get on an airplane the alphabet becomes the most complicated thing in the world.
This too, shall pass
go follow ----> she follows back:D
I need to get this money up so i can get another car can't wait
Exciting day-- installation of
If you believe that someone is going to follow you just because you followed another person, you're a jackass.
You don't even want to know how much I dropped there when I got my tax return.
If u've told some1 I need to ask for ur forgiveness, that's good, but don't forget to ask- say why u need to/"I was wrong..." -Robert Morris
RT Irony of ironies: #Flyers do not get at hotel they are staying at in Montreal. HBO's 24/7 starts tonight at 10.
but you didn't talk to me..,
OTOH, fever is highest it’s been all week.
Y'all are my favorite kind of 'mixed #Nuts'! xoxo
One day I'm going to KILL my sister !! She is the most annoying little bitch ever !!!!
How do you plan to #lendafreehand this week? Hit us up for a chat!
such a relief, totally saved my story/life
I start my new job tomorrow.... aah weird.
If drinking kills your memory what does drinking do?
we are so happy to hear that!
Hitch should have been Timothy Spall; thought that ever since seeing him as Churchill in The King's Speech...
Congratulations and Happy Anniversary!
What an awesome FF list to be a part of--thanks!
“: sounds delicious! you can't go wrong with guacamole!” Especially homemade Guacamole!
Great drink and discussion about #healthcare and #IPA with of #astellas pharmaceutical
About to read 's new book before her signing today Will I finish it in time?
Police refused to go to rally cause crowd not yet told MLK died. Riots in most US cities but Indy that nite.
I love Ali, but Mike Tyson would have destroyed him..
Photoshop doyenne Lesa Snider doing a session called "Creating Great Text Effects in Photoshop and Illustrator."
Thank you, I hereby swear my allegiance to Shanghai Dumpling King.
what talk?
It's crazy how accurate a horoscope can be.
I had subway for dinner , are you jealous <3
Popping bottles for #mythicalmattcain tomorrow!
It's raining so I can't work in the yard. Boo hoo. Off to lunch and to see Star Trek. <G> Have a good day, everyone.
lol didnt know it was free.99 where you headed for happy hour with poop pants
M beer.
Training day is my fav movie.
and concert was awesome! didn't come out, so we couldn't give him our gift. :(
just told mom that you said Happy Mothers day! You should see the smile on her face.
& i've had 2 back surgeries in last 6 months,but I will do what I need to do to help what I believe in.4 the Fams who NEED IT
Good day...America!
“: I think one of my dads is gay.”
Soo sleepy guess umma call it a nite... after I enjoy me a nice cup of milk.
You can never cross the ocean until you have the courage to lose sight of the shore. ~ Christopher Columbus
Anyone out there run the Disney Marathon? Did you like it? Would you recommend it?
you're there?! ah! I should've gone.
Sorry to say babe just let go, all you got left
noo.. Jade and I made a deal that the food now goes to mee(: and ha I never get caught!
Peeps say she withdrew from the GA event in March bc she quit?? I dunno.. So many theories.!
starting to think this hangover is part of an elaborate assassination conspiracy against me
exactly ;) haha. Wow that's cool! I can't believe you're moving out there, I'm so jealous! And yess let's hang out!
My fish most definitely yawned.
There were problems w/ phone lines at the start of interview with Chaka Khan so she will be interviewed from live in the studio on April 4!
Another day another dollar <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0>
No matter what side of an issue you stand on, shouting "fuck you" at a student during a meeting is not civil. We're all students and Badgers
School tonight!! Hoping for perfect score on project proposal... <U+E108>
its a trick. You both are broke.
Oh snap! A tornado was comin' my way while I was at work filling up ketchup containers. I was totally oblivious (as always lol). I hope ...
I'm the Chief Election Officer for NoVA Dulles Mercer #108 #WIA #Training provider
Just bought a huge net at Wal-Mart. Going back to capture the Easter Bunny. Hopefully the dogs didn't scare him off.
The wise does not indulge in the world. He observes spiritual discipline at the physical, mental and intellectual levels. Purifies the mind.
Happy Wednesday Twitterverse! Have a great day ahead :)
Q5 I also feel weird about using the term "bibliography." To me, it brings back memories of grade school research papers.
Playin the new UFC game. Its almost the best fighting game this generation, but you gotta pay to play online! Come on Dana, help us out!!!
So many ideas worth sharing
I hope she told the story right,LOL
keep flip flops in a desk drawer. 1 day i was barefoot b/c of torture shoes & a boss with nothing better to do took exception
Even if you fry them first?
das what I'm talkin bout!! When u wanna meet to grab 'em?
you don't really want me to answer that do you? I recommend it. But it stressed me out a little
A lovely evening of Bach and scones with and
2 "Ep's" & a RMX finished this weekend! One more to go & then a break:-)
Tempting Tuesday's at One Up Elevated Lounge. Happy hour prices all night long!!! DJ 12 Tribe spinning Hip Hop, R&B & Top 40.
Wake up in the middle of the night to hear, "Ooh Giovanni fuck, shit...slap." Cannot wait to move from the Quads.
RT : Architect of Bush Budget says we need to "save the safety net."
Not telling
YOU WISH IT WAS !
Love the new Nike uniforms for the NFL. Looking forward to seeing the fan gear for my Dallas Cowboys.
Putting up a video update soon for you guys!
Ok I guess I need to find a stylist to work with no. Been in stasis for too long
OF COURSE !!!
On my way to Colorado Spgs for CoTech for doctoral symposium. Looking forward to seeing scholarly buddies and faculty again.
Also, if he has a pet and it isn't a dog, cat or fish.
Yes, still in NY, NY but I might get run out of town if the #Caps win.
HI KAYLAAAA. nice username. :P
To better prepare for the career expo visit companies websites and have a general idea of what they do/positions available.
ya that's because ur in love with
You're awesome. Thanks for the sweet links and contacts. I'm so jonesin' for some ice cream or a lime rickey right now.
That is a regular occurrence here. Place is crazy. You should visit during Folsom Weekend and have your mind blown.
Thanks for posting this! Alaskans are now trembling!
Still can't breathe and think at the same time
hey loves koons.com commercials! get her an autograph!
Saw a chick nabbed for stealing at mall. My kid says 'I'm good at being sneaky' w/o thinking I turned and said 'I will F you up'.
Come celebrate ALA's 135th Aniiversary with cake in the ALA Membership Pavilion Booth
>> I think I needa find a new partner for CoD. Too much effort.
me too @ first I was like here we go again but seems genuinely happy so does #KayneWest! <3
"Many are the afflictions of the righteous, but the Lord delivers them from them ALL."
Shoutout to who will be speaking this weekend at the Regional Activity cc:
In non-sports news, SAG and AFTRA have merged. Movie mavens rejoice.
bruh jicha aint even tell us till during practice.. Nd didn't you get sent home on bed rest
cool got you locked in
Going to the gym....
hope you all have an awesome Happy Easter!
Tell to follow back.
I'm ready to re-work it tonight! I'm newly invigorated!
We appreciate the #career opptys you are #giving our country. Thank You!
holy endless monotonic clock thread
Who's going to be this year?
I'm thankful that all of this will eventually be over and I can either continue on or be dead. Either is acceptable at this point in time.
Lebron on the clutch shot!
Menander~ Whom the gods love dies young.
Happy mothers day!
enough pictures (at least for awhile) :P hope you liked
like 0 grams?
There's certain lines you don't cross and they cross it.
puY. oamL Don't mind me I'm being an idiot
Dude, go with a Chevy!
Off to Little Rock to see summer meals sites and meet with our partners on the ground.
Cali has been awesome but we are starting our long journey home tomorrow !
As an A's fan, the Kirk Gibson homer is my least favorite sports memory.
: love the new cut & style! we better get our hair done to keep up with this girl! :)
what tag/username are you using? - just
And the fun starts!
Thank god for Internet lol.
Oh, don't worry DK, she's all talk.
We in the studio live get ready with Take Over Show!!! Talk 2 Me...4047419833
throw a stack at thaat btch ass let her pay her rent wit it :)
OMFG I Did It Im So Proud of Myself I Told My Crush That I Liked Him And He Said Call Me :)))))) AH
against who?
We'd apologize, but have you seen the Matthew Bomer song?!
Self pity NEVER helps!....dust yourself off and keep going."we" all get wounded sometimes....ya know?
in honor of some famous historical heads; crash test dummy head, Max Headroom, the crystal skull, potato chip Jesus, etc.
Excited about the future for Hanson Harmonies. Visioning meetings with "The Pres" in town. Discussing Natural Healing Through Music.
Tomorrow, join us at the Wine Bar to celebrate the 101th Anniversary of the music of Django Reinhardt. 7pm. No Cover.
A good guy should bring out the best of you. But you don't need a guy to be the best you.
Many men, wish death upon me.
.. Jupiter is NOT pleased sir.
Wait, you worked for Rockstar?
I mean, at least afford us the courtesy to potentially mangle things as well!
": I swear, if my memory was any worse, I could plan my own surprise party."
Can anyone tell me what the name of the glasses that Jack wore in the hospital bed in the Bucket List so he could watch TV while lying down?
I love it a lot when these Metra locos blow their horns as they pass by my home! What a beautiful sound. :)
When you hear 's "So Good" at 5:50pm, be the 8th caller at 222-9800 to win tix to see him at RIT!
Att Los Angeles your hockey team is playing tough!!
ah, Im not sure about that one... I beg to differ!
Y did I respond to his text?
now following
the first step of self-awareness if knowing where you're not self aware
Writing a lecture on tax evasion in antiquity. I'd like a revision of idiom: One thing is sure, death, taxes, AND attempts to evade both.
Cool! Yeah. Will mssg ya
Congratulations Maggie! Or should I say Dr. Margaret Carr Griffith Williams?!
find someone to download it for you for free :) that's what I did and it's definitely worth it
Marry me!!!
Could use a nap. :p
Sounds like a fabulous surprise anniversary trip. Enjoy!
Of course... There's a little thing called graduation happening.. So it might be a tad busy. But if I see a scarf, I'll get #SKC on the TV!
Tough game on Thursday for the #Bruins, no legs. No signs of that tonight, good energy, passing, stamina. Keep it up, boys!! Go B's!!
*praises* ": PRAISE GODNEY"
Now MM will have to go to the 2-3 TE sets with Sherrod going down, this IS the worst case scenario.
Last night i ate Reindeer in Munich. I'm still waiting for Santa Claus to walk into my bedroom and punch me in the face.
I'm realizing how much of a jealous person i am.
Iight bro just hit me up u trying to go to HU homecoming they playing Nc A&t
got you!
Patron called to ask what our phone number is...
Working on next issue of Small Town Living - we've got some great articles in the June/July issue...soon to be found here: www.stliving.net
Remember that DPW ends leaf pick up this Sunday. Make sure you get your leaves out in time or we could have sewer problems.
can you all stop with the tweets?
DIRTY JOKE CONTEST Submit your best dirty joke and win $50. Tweet your joke to & follow. 1 winner per mo. Prize:$50 VISA card
I pushed myself forward >> because no one else was strong enough
Dear twitter, you're distracting me. Sincerely, still haven't done my homework.
You were there in spirit, Patrick! We hope you're feeling better!
It's actually not so much a problem but a question. I need to merge two Ori accounts. How can I do that?
Every conversation today that hasn't been about soccer has been a complete waste of my time
lmao! You guys, that's why he is sitting In the back (: duhh. The WAY back.Deff not going to associatwith him.
thanks for the add check us out www.divineadoniamodels.com
aww i miss u too hon whatcha up too?;)
no swag and no yolo i'll have a bitch fit haha
The future of the book is not tied to digital technology, but goes far beyond it - Bonnie Mak
how I feelin
Great Point , Sonia & Gailen (cc. ), will be attending the conference, let's make sure to say hello ..
don't forget my Twitter updates. Please and thank you.
a remember to walk RT : I'm switching channels between a remember to walk & dear john -_- lol love both em!
Jennifers body is terrible!
I really don't understand the "lady" walking around, unnecessary for a "workout video".
When people run around and around in circles we say they are crazy. When planets do it we say they are orbiting.
Meh, nevermind. I'll probably just get a fish instead.
#areasonwhyimsingle wow anyone notice the difference between the male and female answers or is it just me lol!
We're all set up at #Gamestorm. Come find us in the dealer's room and say hi!
Nutmeg is extremely poisonous if injected intravenously.
she's not confrontational. Just cause she don't wanna entertain a hood rat don't make her pussy lmso
the internet, high
Castro is detested for suppressing free speech in Cuba while Ozzie Guillen is reviled for exercising his free speech in America.
oh yea that was funny haha
In all honesty. If I didn't have my two best friends, I wouldn't be alive...
MY GOD IT'S FULL OF STARS!!!
I've seen that Honda Odyssey commercial about 200 times over the last two years, and every time I do I get that much closer to buying one.
Ok, that sounds more formal that what I'm going for, but it's giving me ideas. Thanks!
Some ppl tweet the corniest lyrics in the world
Thanks friends nice response but many other are not following so please follow to get more followers as others gettings
#10FactsAboutMe 5. I've never dated or kissed a boy 6. Austin, Zach, Rob, Alex,&Mama Mahone follow me 7. I have heart problems :/ [c]
Big Demo tomorrow of our new disaster app as part of the
Excellent journalism. is spearhead of Ryan Braun's concise truth, and extreme class
Looks like there is spam running around not sure...
I think the whole Kony thing is fake.
Thank you, you too!
I can't wait to see them on the big screen again. Taking my 5 year old for his intro to Star Wars..excited Dad!!!
ever been to OIAF? It's all arty, indie stuff (which I often like). I like to look to those films for style ideas.
but they will be 23 by then ;-)
I'm not in the mood. Take your hustle bustle somewhere else.
Wet Republic!!!
Larry Scott has fixed a lot. Why not the officiating?
RT : "Use the power of your network for giving, not just the community... Make it personal"
#20ThingsAboutMe 7. I'm an open person, I don't hide much because I don't care if people know about my life.
hahahaha!!!M&M'S FOREVER!!!!<3 HAAHA i bet people think we. Talking about tha candy
Yep. I knew they were going to start pulling away in the second half.
Thank you child advocates for all you do.
attended a speed networking event.
till 2...little Bros got a doctors appt
Happy Mom's Day to all you moms. Hope you all get a nap! I could use one. c
You, your Mom and ROCK!
We're nowhere near the end (nowhere near).
Pasta salad & coleslaw, pie and cobbler.
Tired as fuck.
Stay classy North Carolina
having trouble with an order. wh can i call?
Cool, what hotel are you staying at again?
writing and riding, pretty luxurious
You too, thx! :) RT #FF Great chatting this week
we could still make it work!
Ooh thanks! Been wanting to check it out.
GrubHub is changing the way I view D.C
Get em a restaurant gift certificate! : Searching through a wedding registry is weird. What do I get em? Everything sounds lame.
Morning Austin(:
I would much prefer speaking from my iPhone than Siri! That voice! Damn. Modern day Errol Flynn. I'm telling you. . .
giving the kiss right back 2 u <3 goodnight<3 love u:)
You All bout Talk,I ain't ya Lady Yet;Cus you gotta show me instead of tell me..I believe it when i see it #JussSayin"
Congrats! RT : And the winner of my giveaway is...Comment #27 from Alana !
Looking at the carpet
this is one interesting read....
When it rains it pours, so pack a fuckin umbrella
Slow ass day in the clinic
Oh good, playoff OT hockey...stress is healthy,
Normally only pscyhs who examined the defendant would be able to testify & it begins w/req for exam by defense. But, if . . .
Joe you are dead wrong on people trusting rich guys over big Gov. that is a conservative talk and you know it
What's the purple food?
hahaha. I like your twitter name, and your picta :)
Hard work pays off.
Now Following !!!
Many thanks to all the #Vets and heroes that gave their lives to protect our #freedom Gob bless their souls!
Your Tweets sound like you're an intelligent person; Why have such a dumb URL on your account making you look stupid?
thanks man, i should have an article coming out in the Southwestern Historical Quarterly in a few months.
I like the title. I am a fan of articles so I kept reading "Fish in THE Trees"
RT " I must say is #AboutHisBusiness when it comes to learning his songs & recording. He's a real trooper #ProudMama"
I shall play with my camera now .:).
cant wait to see u in denver. Shits gonna be sick
I'm giving cock like it's advice to her.
"Fish where the fish are."
Thanks ! Any suggestions for a Washington State Red?
lol do you wanna taste bad?
Pressure can turn a lump of coal into a flawless diamond, or an average person into a perfect basketcase.
RT : "Hello. Is it me you're looking for?" ...Lionel Richie will headline the July 4th Boston Pops Fireworks Spectacular!
Got real wild rice from White Earth at Birch Bark Books Mpls. It's worth the trip to this unique shop owned by Louise Erdrich.
Dodge dip duck dive and dodge
I'm such a good friend.
the sad thing bout pulling this bs, buyers just called, staying w/ me, will pay cc out of pcket
I'm so annoyed -- and my guess is they expect different results every time. WHY?????
#RIP, Dick Clark.
If my body doesn't feel good with what they say, then always my body comes first
You could offer me the most fun experience on earth right now, and I'd probably choose to stare at a wall instead. Weird day. So melancholy.
But he's good lol
at the huge Halloween display in HB WOW!
Put your hands in the air now wave em like you just don't care ! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008B><U+270B><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008B><U+270B>
miller should have lowered his shoulder and took the hit. If you come out of crease; play the game.
Who knew that allowing pop-ups would solve a year-long problem of allowing override access to teachers! #solvedthisheadache!
To whoever stole 's car radio: Jokes on you. Now we just get to sing every time we drive.
Happy Valentines Day!! I love you Courtney
Oh Twitter. Its been Awhile Lol
Caroline Kennedy, daughter of #JFK, to appear at Politics and Prose September 26 @ 7pm
Had an amazing meal at RN74 for #ZagatPresents. The wine and dishes were fabulous! A must-go!!
RT : So awake ha
Time it takes from using words "weight loss" in tweet to getting spammy tweet about Acai Berry something or another.
Wait, we don't love the word "snaking"? What else would we do in line, conga?
I predict attendance will be up 5 to 10% league wide (on average) and sellouts will double from last year.
I just realized that I have ordered probably 20% of my x-mas presents his year from my phone thx to the amazon and eBay apps
Be sure to watch young up and coming American tennis player playing Andy Roddick tomorrow night at US Open
ok kool!!! You da best!! (In my dj khaled voice) ....
when are you comin to florida!
treating myself to a mocha at
how fun is it to have kelly kelly AS AN FRIEND
My favorite part was Potter's Lounge.
Goldstein: We don't have to wait for a bureaucracy to adapt to new technology, its a bottom-up model
I can scarcely wait till tomorrow when a new life begins for me as it does each day, as it does each day. -Stanley Kunitz
Id rather be solo than around some ppl who aint worth shit!
Somebody hmu bored ass fuck right now....
Yes, yes!
Hi, If you are talking about the 2010 A9 Amendments, HB 5083 is currently pending in Michigan. Feel free to tweet us for more info.
on So filthy. He's playing songs from Mali on a cello banjo. Who does that?
so you're the Brit in the white sailor pants! Been in the Navy long?
the gap between adults w/ cell phones and teens w/ smart phones is narrowing.
I have internet in my Air Force hotel room! Totally didn't realize it & I've been here for a week. Prolly shouldn't admit it but ....
#MakeItSo “: I think he should pose in speedo, on beach, w/ kitten & champagne bottle.”
As long as you remain the center of your universe, you will always struggle with love. -Tony Evans
Saga tonight $3 you call it all night $2 domestics! Arrive early!! I'll be in the mix gonna be crazy!!!
that's good to hear... Tell him I saw what's good.... Nice.... Me working school and coaching baseball and football <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
I want Peter Kostis to comment on my golf swing on the Konica Minolta Biz Hub Swingvision camera.
Why did I do that..
uh...HEY
An economist from a large bank was at Mondial today. He's optimistic about a turnaround. I think maybe he's reading his charts upside down.
Thanks for the re-tweets ma'am. Hope you have a great weekend. :)
you're a stupid dick
He won't find anything up in it except some old Illinois road maps
Oh I love the cobalt blue #dress and red #stilettos was shown wearning on Bloomberg TV...
Merry Christmas SoCal. 72 degree weather and clear sky's in our forecast. I can't wait to play with my sons new toys outside ;)
I'm feeling soulful, so am going to write some poetry, spill it onto the waiting page.
Don't kid yourself- degree doesn't mean u "pulled yourself up by bootstraps."Others helped. Vote 4 every1 2 get that support.
my teacher is dumb for making us change late af
RT : That show #4thAndForever is sweet
Don't pass that gun line boss!
I can't look at Rachel Berry the same anymore. Thanks a lot !
Get yourself together, don't hate. Jelousy is the ugliest trait
WIT ER.
Life doesn't have a remote , get up and change it yourself
Its 12:00! You know what that means <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0>
You can either hold yourself up to the unrealistic standards of others or ignore them & concentrate on being happy with yourself as you are.
LMFAO dude she was REALLY mean today
would love to hear your expertise on the subject- great handle! Caught my eye
Haha! Great idea!
#That1FriendThat you can spill your heart out to<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
While I appreciate smart strategy books, why don't they ever come with worksheets so that businesses can actually work on setting strategy?
Hahaha that's so funny april dipped n left the baby
lol no I'm in class
-SLEEP JUST ISN'T YOUR THING HUH?!?
Left my Muay Thai Training. Hit LA Fitness for my shake for breakfast.
Hypochondria is the only disease I haven't got.
will do
Off to to have a fabulous dinner in celebration of my Mom's birthday! #OhMySeabass!
Definitely RIP to a legend #MCA! I've been listening to the Beasties since I was 5 years old.
Just did my taping for our 2nd #atxunscripted video. Can't wait for
the show was alright. it could've been better
U think so
Yeah Where you at
yes, lots of baby slugs showing up everywhere - funny after relatively dry spring so far - maybe due to mild winter
Actually I am very glad that people can buy Armani - even if it's a fake. I like the fact that I'm so popular. Giorgio Armani
tr.im is back. Hooray.
Let us know what you think of Miller Hall - I'm personally worried the new building isn't nice enough for the b-school.
W/all Hunger Games rage, I watched Battle Royale tonight. Tried watching once 5 yrs ago, but stopped after 30 min. Got through it. Amazing.
how ya hair feel
Since Tom Hanks has no friends she should book it down here with some food for me like a cool kid
just remembered another site for petticoats: fanplusfriend. They get mixed reviews, but looking at the pettis, they seem ok
Ack! Pouring. Think I'll opt for one of the hotel restaurants. Of course I'm huddling in a doorway in 16th right now... :)
I know the food lady did not put on gravy first and then mashed potatoes
I know.. its hot af
Headed to #FellsPoint tonight to catch up with some friends :)
Like the big dream idea. Will send mine :-).
Hey Arnold deff taught us 90`s kids some life lessons.
thanks for the follow, no special offers, looking for suggestions on how to meet people in marketing in this area.
Is it flattering when "Slutty Girl Problems" follows you on Twitter?
My wife and I have seen "A Little Night Music" twice, and both times I have had to correct her that it is not "Send in the Clouds."
Man I go to work.
"Why are you trying so hard to fit in when you were born to stand out?"
We are facing an insurmountable out-of -control compounding debt. These politicians do not have the intellect/skills to solve same
I want to pick up Max Payne 3 really badly, but I feel the need to play through the first 2 again before playing 3.
#NowPlaying The Question Is by The Winans
Girl-you don't even use the F word right! Holy Fuck! Did you see that?! What the fuck was that?! Me- I'm about to slap the crap out of you!
Damn, i always screw everything up
damn bro. Wish I woulda gotten that earlier!! Ha
let alone been throwing up for a million hours... drank WAY to much las nite
can't you make that happen?
Really glad that none of my school colors have been brown. #Duke Blue & White
fine thanks. :)
15 orgs disclosed lobbying buffet rule in 2012. Associations & non-profits out number corporations 13 to 2
Bored as hell need to find somethin to do
When I fight with you, I'm really fighting for us..because If I didn't care, I wouldn't bother
Get out of my mind. Come on, come into my life. I need that one thing, and youve got that.. One thing.
Had my shizzle going!
Are there any MARC trains going soon? Those are quick and direct.
BREAKING NEWS: I ate healthy tonight!!! That NEVER happens!
You're like Road Runner! Can't keep up with ya!!!
Drums for the new song are sounding sweet!!! :D Can't wait to show you guys!
Have fun!!
LOL get outta here
I'm so over XAML...
Appreciate it pal. Who knows maybe someday I'll be back there or somewhere else...
Dream Big! Because with your Faith in God and determination you can do anything! #Dreaming #Music!
Start walking woman!
how was you exam btw?
Anybody going to the #uc game tonight?
Wow that video put up was really sad! That lady couldve helped him but she hid instead..some people are so ignorant i swear
yes ma'am I'm too ready
man. Brilliant.
what's up with a follow
who like today's weather?
Probably this coming weekend. Something about the Crosstown series.
I still love you lotto
just applied for 4 more jobs... the list is up to 7!
why try so hard to get your mixtape out to a kid with an xbox an 3 ipods..HE'S GOOD. give your music to those who NEED it; homeless,the poor
Everybody sucks.
don't think they will pay any attention to me, but I will try!!!
Working on #1 in 's "100 ways to simplify your life" book, which is "Do 1 Thing at a time." Bet if I did this, I'd be on my way!
The Help, Water for Elephants, The Hunger Games, One Day...and trying to make my way through One Hundred Years of Solitude.
is there any way to see who unfollows u on #Instagram ????
Darn! I'm busy Saturday! I need someone to help me figure out my life! What training program are you doing?
Dynasty league rookie sleeper alert: Denarius Moore "He's so talented, so athletic."- Jason Campbell. He seems to be a lot like Jacoby Ford
I don't think it could suck to be #lilwayne <3
Listen to after 3pm today! is calling in to talk about headlining the School's Out BlowOut!
yes I will.
details? I can help narrow this down....
Not nervous, but liked the moves your Preds made at deadline. Should be a fun and wild race to the end.
compares abortion to slavery, and calls "bigotry!" when being called out on his misogynistic white privilege by
Free Ticket Friday!!! Win 98PXY Jingle Jam tickets...txt "Jam" to 69822 when you hear Maroon 5 "Moves Like Jagger" before 9am
Where are your seats?
How are you gonna get mad at me for being on the computer and disrupting your sleep if you're in MY room?
bet hope it stays that way for a while. Maal always says "the grass turns brown in the winter!"
lovely Tuesday lunch break of shopping and Starbucks with Ms. Leggat :)
wont quit
miss you.
Im in a pic mood?
air yeezy 2 Maryland elegance hotels aren&#39;t all out of your budget ...
#HappyBirthdayTMoney.!(: guess what its also my birthday..so can i get a happy birthday?(:
R.I.P Junior Seau. You will forever be a pioneer for the game of football!
Working on my job placement form for #mlanet12 Hoping to meet some future colleagues there! :)
My sister and i are so bi polar tis ridic.
I have 14 #voicemail. That shows I don't listen to them. So don't leave any !
I think the Rapture might be starting ... I'm feeling a little light in my loafers ...
damn constructive speech
looking out the window & seeing lightening & birds makes me wonder how many birdies get hit by lightening??
Thoroughly enjoying #iabcseattle event w/ kicking off speaking about communications.
50 Shades of Gray !!! RT Wtf am I gonna read now that I've finished The Hunger Games trilogy?!
I be having 3rd thoughts about getting a tattoo
Happy Valentines Day from Keep it Clean Karpets!
Don't leave your vehicle out in the cold. At Express Lube, our trained technicians can replace your vehicle's old coolant with new coolant.
We are excited for Encore Presents: Douglas Ullman Jr.'s performance tonight!
See thats what I find confusing....Climax means to me the end of something. But I know everyone likes doing it, so who knows.
Where there is love there is life. ~ Mahatma Gandhi
4 audition tapes to make... better get started....
Absentee voting doesn;t address the COST to someone who's already scraping by.
I'm been here since 5 it's Monday I ain't feeling ir
Ooh, I like that idea! It can be a multi-holiday celebration. :)
RYAN TANNEHILL SUCKS for the last time. 6 TD and 12 INT vs. his best competition/best defenses this year: OU, UT, Arkansas and OKST.
sure just followed(: #woof !
Last day of class; listening to group presentations; 3 people knitting on opposite ends of the room
I mean day fucken android
Speedin down 285... What a life.
Great point. However, dinosaurs had brains while the lowly roach did not! One successfully adapted; the other not!
well I wound up not being able to see it with them anyway. Let's hang out soon!
im doing ok. graduated a year ago but struggled to find a job, so gonna go back to school soon. Congrats on the new job :)
watching the Gordon lights in Plano with the fam
BMW Joins VW, Daimler Beating Estimates as Porsche Gains - Bloomberg
lookin good man glad to see it
your a queer
You have no idea of the behind-the-scenes wrangling with distributors...
If Someone upsets you or hates you, stay in #Peace God's got your back.....
Hell yeah!
Dairy Queen me up.
Always and forever! ": "Bleed together or die alone" "
You can always come on cam with us ;)
Love is grand - divorce is a hundred grand.
looks like you've got some competition!
a BIG shout out to all the big booty models!!
WOw. I've seen laser, lasic and Botox on these group deal sites. But breast augmentation, too?!
Zach does have anything done for prom this bullshit....why would u wait to do this.....
thanks for RTs! Hope you're having a great Monday! :)
* i listen to white people music more then i listen to rap . ifw r&b tough tho .
I didn't like him much as a President, but Oprah's interview is making it hard not to like George W. Bush.
It's freaky how they insist on making our Miis look exactly like us. :D
Thank you. We are going to rock Laredo....
I use to do bad things just so I would get a spanking.
is getting a wonderful make-over Visit it in a few days
Seriously, who still thinks pop-up ads work and aren't annoying? I'm talking to you,
Won a game the other night against our rivalry (cocky bitches), then watched then run foul poles on our field......
Scream into a pillow. Or have a pillow fight. Pillows can take the abuse ;)
Website was a critical channel for during
I have Mike & Ikes… I HAVE MIKE AND IKES!
There's smoke over Lake Monona, Richie Blackmore would approve.
Ain't no problem. My entire timeline has been either soccer(awesome), hockey or wrestling. Love all the sports, real or pretend.
I'm Singing Like Shit Right Now <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
I danced so hrd I wanna rip my feet off and beat someone with them.
James Cameron plans deep sea dive in Pacific
:) definitely, keep loving everyone around you :)
Seattle government will miss you, but good luck in the new gig! Keep in touch!
They aren't native Americans they were here before America was here
Why ya givin me that "imma freak u right here" face while holding ur mans hand? #LadiesWeWantAnswers... And follow thru ;)
i m new to twitter like u:) m luking 4 ways 2 implement it like u:)
Talon Haynes - Marvin's Room [NEW SONG 2011] - Send to friends
Here comes #Papelbon!
can't wait for senior cut day tomorrow! lol jk i have lax practice
Yes on both accounts
Hate school
I don't see the need to make fun of anything other than Alexa, really. After all, is still right.
or create the new language and continue the tradition of open source and release the language as GPL/MIT/CC.
I don't understand why we have to continue going to school when exams are over WHAT IS THE POINT
I thought the same thing about "justified true belief". I have understood "truth" as subjective.
There are brands we love to love. To the brand influencers listening: Check out recommended by
I totally bombed my test today...
Reconstituting one's committee when one should be close to the end is a bit dispiriting. I'm just considering it a chance for growth.
I think Friedrich actually thought he'd pitch a perfect game today. Poor kid...
I love one direction
She just hit me in the jaw..
are we neighbors yet?
san francisco 49ers
Time to add Livan Hernandez to the $1 pitchers list? Of course.
End of first quarter: nuggets 30 lakers 14... Love the score!
I'd be more interested if they filled em with booze
Ten Toes down
Outta work early sesh time
At Groves, the caregiver to client ratio is 1 to 5 during all waking hours
What's "Reverse Gun Game?"
You're welcome!
Why does my app always show errors when I click to view a users profile? Kind of annoying...
this guy named Jezy :) #right?
that name deserves an award. Lmao
If goal #1 is survival we all lose in the end. Only when 'self' is left behind can we truly find freedom. Self interest smothers the soul.
Looking for local business owners-5 to 25 employees-who want to participate in a USPS focus group. Free. Email me for details.
I will be there along with the next generation of Blue fans(my kids)
Thanks brother! Greetings from NYC!
Girls Who Are Goofy & Silly Are Really Really Cool
What in the fuck are you doing with bongos? It's real annoying doe<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>
Need to clean my room & do homework.
OF COURSE! I LOVE CATS<21
Stay tuned!
Stop complaining on twitter, no one really cares.
She want them bobby ray bands..
Tragic. RT : Just met my one true love walking through the merch mart. Too bad I lacked the courage to ask her what her name was.
Funeral Mass at ACC trmw for Sister Maureen. Funeral procession starts at 8:45am w/ Mass by Archbishop Wenski at 9. All our welcome to join.
Park It: Keep on tracking at Point Richmond railroad museum - San Jose Mercury News
There's some class stuff in there that rubs me the wrong way, plus the reality TV compared to a narrative fiction.
Don't skip breakfast! Your mom told you it's the most important meal of the day for a reason! Make a good decision & eat a healthy breakfast
It's gonna happen when it's supposed to happen and we find a reason why.
Poopies! Outside of Star Wars & even then I use original characters, I've not been able to write in fandom.
4 more days till pre-sales begin for Transatlantic-More Never is Enough and Testimony 2-Live in LA!!! www.radiantrecords.com
Chris Rob TONIGHT 3/29 @ Montage Hotel Beverly Hills, CA 8pm
Im so glad me & my niggas & made the show.Now its time to WIN!
In my room listening to and Thinking about how and I love him <3
Who likes my avi haha? I make logos, web pages, and all that so if anyone needs something like that @ me, DM me or email(In my bio)
check it or respect it Woadey lol
Going to see Blind Pilot with
ugh I'll never sleep after that coffee -_-
RT : Those who deny freedom to others, deserve it not for themselves; and under a just God, can not long retain it. Abe Lincoln
got some saddle analysis #tech that might tickle your fancy. I will be booth tomorrow. Come visit to see live demo
cole world illuminti
#cody what do you do to pass time on the road? (:
So much man meat in Towson town center today..
Happy World Press Freedom Day!
Better to be average and stay real than be rich or famous and turn into an asshole
For the record, I support other types of reparations as well. None of these are mutually exclusive.
someone seems to be in a lovely mood tonight lol. Love you AnnaKay!
The show must go on! :-) tonight's show was a bit rough with my back......but thanks to my awesome cast for helping me out tonight! ;-) <3
Can't wait to c Anthony Davis go to the League just so Dwight Howard can dunk on his ugly ass.
Most of the German in "Sheisse" is gibberish. She doesn't speak German but she can if she likes.
On my way back to Indy hmu
With at Burgermaster. She just parallel parked a 14 foot UHaul!
very cool!
Award for best booze disguise: a hollowed out loaf of french bread with a bottle of vodka inside.
Freeway - "Free"
Nope, not yet. Might be a numbers thing once they drafted Coples. RT why Pati,.. Did they give a reason
and you too if you aren't too busy!
Gov. Hick may call special session - news confo scheduled at 145.
... do not be proud of yourself.
Back to cleaning ... don't even know where to get started.
I'd watch out if I was Craig Sager. Gilbert Arenas may pistol whip him for that tie choice.
Now THAT will be a fun show! ": Fun show with Ayers and Eddie Mac tonight. Our guest next week.... Jake Plummer.”
“: More than 90% of my tweets tonight are to and from #someonenewtalktome #seriously” I will buddy
John Lackey is grouchy. This is not news.
spoken like a true scholar!
Here come the critics smh
Nicolette, I'm looking for sweet 16 dresses and the dress you wore to prom last night was exactly what I'm looking 4!
On San Diego bay aboard USS Midway 4 Navy Region Southwest Change of Command Ceremony. Many thx 2 Admiral French & welcome 2 Admiral Smith
Theresa on Real Housewives of NJ is officially bat shit crazy.
yeah. he was like, if i dont get laid, i'll take jessica. i was like, dick.
time to name my electric. paul? gibs? les?
Thanks , , , and for sharing your Holocaust Memorial Day plans.
Yeah, that's why I'm hoping no OT.
Its annoying like walking on egg shells when your with your bestfriend. Are you really my friend then if I can't be myself???
Thanks! I've seen him a couple times before and there's nothing like an evening with
Felt First Kick in from Spencer!!
i have so many new requirments for my surgery it has my head swirling. huge plus i will get to live. 2 months and 1 week till then.
aplied to massage school i,m excited ,,
Omg I love prank on the roommates by turning the inside outside and the outside inside love you Pauly!!!
It is smoking hot outside. . . The office is slowly heating up, it is almost time for a more powerful air conditioner.
Hot as H E Double Hocky Sticks
you got a twitter? O.o the world is going to end!!! Hahaha
imytoo!! We're suppose to hang out soon
Aw thanks! Don't jealous- t'was just a lucky find :) RT Jealous of the Hasselblad. Love the pictures though!
Nice, I hope they share their eggs with you! They sound like my parents-animal lovers. Fun neighbors!
Morning twitter.
I'm hearing squawk boxes but no more bullets ...
Another anti-gay Republican Phillip Hinkle (R-IN) was caught hiring a boy via Craigslist again proving the old adage, "you are what you eat"
Kazoo in this session!
Bartending class is getting me f***ed up... Far east!
Because.... I got it like that? I'll be home next week I think. You're still going right?
re: CR#2, cont. "… if you can find it — it’s a chinato, a quinine-bearing, fortified aperitif wine"
“I'm a persistent son of a gun. I just stay at it.” #Obama. We know! Great leaders adjust their game plan to avoid failure. You haven't...
Today's brainstorm: What teach w/tech method involves personalization, reflection and effectiveness like digital storytelling? Thoughts?
Thanks, Scott. Those are definitely good leads - all promising organizations.
QA Manager needed for direct hire position in Madison #jobsinmadison www.rht.com
I've lost all trust in him a few weeks ago. I have a feeling he's lying to me and just doesn't wanna text.
For the Honor by Elevation Worship. I'm obsessed!
Just finished season 3 yesterday. Love it. Edie Falco is a genius, and the supporting cast is brilliant. Start at the beginning.
Rise and shine!
#bigheadlittlejeans "it's to keep the crabs in line." - Melody. Hahahaha. This girl always knows exactly what to say.
Jase is my new favorite!! Hahaha.
Thanks, You got "Storm Warning" by Hunter Hayes stuck in my head... But it's cool. I like it. (;
Can't wait to marry into this family! My future mother-in-law just got us $75 closer to our Feb16 $400 goal. Only $185 to go! *hugs*
Square dancing to techo with at his family reunion!
sick. what show?
All my fave Seattle garage bands are breaking up! First the First Times and now Koko... what is wrong with the world.
Ohio :)! RT : hello, I love Christian hardcore bands, where you come from?
Cruel? No! Kind! They're on all month! Featured in May: It's the Neighborhoods and all neighborhood programs!
Thinking... About... <3
The new Gossip album fa sho!
I hope you guys got to see that goal. Wow, slapper from center ice.
you are!
Event venues looking to provide mobile apps to clients (weddings, etc.) email me & I'll send you 2 pg PDF w/details
:P shut yo facehole and sleep and feel better i ruv you
“: I didnt trip, I was testing gravity... It still works.”. This is what all of us #MS ers need to use as an excuse ;-) haha
RT <U+262E> After nearly nine years, America's war in Iraq will be over. ~President Obama
Today: info meeting today from 5:30-7:30pm @ Linda Vista Hospital! Hear about its plans to renovate and provide affordable senior housing!
go follow plisss!
Correct! Armistice=Peace and the U.S.S. Maine was actually sunk supposedly by the Spanish in the Spanish-American War.
ok your up follow
JUPITER IS DIRECT E'RYBODY STEP. ASIDE.
Theophrastus~ Time is the most valuable thing a man can spend.
happy new year!!!
And the Almond Croissants & baguettes too! Happy Friday James :)
That Pitt D was bad ass! Good game overall.
I think I have a thing for bald guys... Idk why tho lol
Ra.One action brilliant, direction ok, no story.. I wish the movie ended the same way it started. keep up the good work!
Better not be you!!!!! Haha -AliPaige
In life, as in football, you wont go far unless you know where the goalposts are. Arnold H. Glasgow
Heck yes for sure going!
Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm. Ralph Waldo Emerson
(The ABC's Of Blackness. (The Information Collection.) – at amazon.com.)
* 1-2 years experience in a localization centric role, preferably as part of a QA team
Only she motivate my heart
Epic Super Hero crew stopping at Hooters for a drink before Kick Ass.
Isn't it amazing what people will do for a few bucks?
that true
My teacher hit me >.<
Hey, Campbell. Hows about my treating you at next time we can both get away. Call it an early Father's Day gift
Yesterday was the CSO's music director ,Jean-Marie Zeitouni's birthday!
that is so fucking awesome !!!!! I want one!!! :)
I'm a total clutz at times ugh..
Want to hear some of the worst dialogue ever written for a movie? Try watching "The Darkest Hour"
good point. To me, the Philly Fed report coming out tomorrow is a much better indication of health of state's economy.
It's hard to see racism when your white.
#FF #followartist Amazing portraits and figurative artist! Please follow
You should probably take that pic down, seeing as how your friend's social security number is up at the top for all to see.
Tax returns don't mean a thing, it's not important,it's personal. Question why's Romney not released his.? $57,000 a day w/o explanation ?
then gimme one! wuz the deal
ABC's "The #Bachelorette" debuts tonight! What delicious treats are you having at your viewing party?
If you like Justin Bieber's song "Boyfriend" follow me On ITunes
Thanks for thinking of us... We're moving on Aug. 13, had to delay due to shoulder issues...
Sitting in the the suburban imaging office w/my gf & I'm so disappointed in the WAY overweight staff! PUT THE FORK DOWN!
How exciting-- I so admire his work.
If you follow me to just get a follow then leave me I will find out period, so don't waste your time!!!
Do you like seeing the boyz reunited again? does it bring back memories from Season 6?
lol! Your too much fun hahaha
cause today i swear im not doing anything
Off to Arizona
So what did u do at maddies?
Here comes the biggest update to since our launch!
RT Everyone give a big tweep to for a stellar lunch and learn. Please RT.
The Spider-Man trailer looks MUCH better than the original three films...AND more exciting than the Avengers...better SFX too
Just got it, looking forward
My all time favorite song is always gonna be Cactus In The Valley by lights. Most people might not get it, but I do.Completely
yeah, that's awesome! Lucky!
If I bumped in to you by happenstance, you probably wouldnt even know who I am. But if I whispered your name, I bet there'd still be a spark
sorry for the late response but it's okay. How have you been?
Are any of them Kermit-flailing?!
GIRL WALK // ALL DAY: a bunch of fun to watch, made me want to dance and live as a NYC hipster ballerina. I got chills several times.
so i was looking at on of Tyler the Creator's tweets and i found this hilarious guy name steve omg! so funny. looks like a pedophile
Tina Fey looks GREAT tonight - one of her better looks
Thank you for the follow! Happy to
Watching #SHAHS on
I'm not suree :/ you should go when they have a show planned! :D
Mac or Win? Is there a tab open w/ your RefWorks account? Check to see if there's a Last Imported box there.
Emancipator radio on spotify is spot on.
B.J. Daniels has the "C" word on his jersey!
I wanna catch up with u sometime. Been a long time!
Heh, I love those. Nice to meet you - we made it!
Good morning, what a gorgeous sunny day.
Going to buy a new puppy for mothers day(: a 2 pound chihuahua!! :P I love you mommy<33
Man... Do you remember last year at this time?? Just before kickoff....
It's funny that the media say the term "Obamacare" is a pejorative. If folks liked #hcr, the President would be wearing it like a badge.
Indeed. We're looking forward to seeing you there!
kk sounds good, im going to start now...possibly lol
Thanks for following! Have an amazing 2012
thought I'd better tweet. Attending a social media seminar sponsored by CLIA at the Travel Agent Forum in Miami.
it REALLY does help. it's like the authors know exactly what you're thinking & feeling. LOVE YOU!!!
The song is KRAZY!!!...Thanks for your talent and time...God Bless YOU!!
Follow me?(:
Thanks for pointing us to ! Buddah Bowl & kombucha were the best-ever things post-road trip. (And beer. That, too.)
CSS Jacksonville is looking for a Paralegal with a strong background in Consumer Finance $50,000 - $60,000.
Humans share about 50% of their DNA with bananas. -- WTFCrazyFacts ()
are u not on facebook anymore?
Anderson~ thank you. For many things, but most especially for correctly using "jibe," not "jive." MWAH!
It's tough to work at what you love when you have to worry about school in the morning :/
#3 seed in March Madness, that's good by me. Hoya Saxa!
#Rangers are bitches have fun getting the shit beat out of you
Lattuca & Stark: "The specific framework used to guide course design activities is less important than...engaging in reflection & analysis."
Cognitive Styles (Object-Spatial Imagery and Verbal Questionnaire, OSIVQ) -- not learning styles. Hmm, must find out more. #NEASC11 Chabris
France is not in :'(
might as well come up w/ a new motto "stick em up." neoliberalism creates probs it purports 2 solve. econmy will create grtr disparities
its Sad alot of the times, I think he only notices his fan groups:(
Mess Up My <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0084> .... Don't Ruin My Mascara
Hi John - thanks for the kudos! If you're at #CES in January, please stop-by the #ZOMM pod in the new products showcase.
Have a blast skiing! I've got to hit the slopes soon, its been awhile. About Tuesday, possibly...not sure.
oh good idea! ok..maybe that instead
I pooped a hammer.
ha! I listened to the green album a few months back
Montel Williams on tonight, so right about American Politics now. "We can do better"!
Happy Birthday Aaliyah you will be truly missed (1979-2001). Do Not Forget with out Dr. Martin Luther King we would not be where we are. Luv
TRUST. It's a bit more than a word & it takes two to make it work.
Everyone play Diablo I, I hate you.
Running tech support for Preparing for the Worst: Disaster Planning for High Density Storage. We've got compact shelving.
River Jones hosts National Local every Monday night at 8pm on ! Submit MP3' for the show!
Weather machine is on today for
have fun w/ this weekend Chicago - he just tore #minnesota to pieces!
Sweeett!! I'm from IL. that school is like 3 hours form me i think!
I knew that was going in. KNEW it.
Good morning lovelys off to school.
everybody looking for me one thing about i aint looking for them, fuck u pay me
what did it say?
Don't forget to get your entry in for the Isotopes Tickets, deadline tonight. Winner tomorrow.
RT : When life gives you a hundred reasons to cry: show life that you have a thousand reasons to smile.
..desrve !!! See you on stage again very soon !!!
DM me your contact info so we can chat!
Long Beach police officer arrested in child porn case
Are you planning on visiting LA??
Post two phrases using the reflexive by answering this question Cosa fai la mattina ? Last TWITTER HW.
Tiger Woods and the cut line for #WellsFargo championship #UHOH :D
Nope i was watching them sing. I did Area Codes By Luda tho. Lmao
dont get mad atme cause Allis perfect & your not. Thats your own problem.
Thanks so much! The NN is a book on creative writing (which is what I teach at Miami U of Ohio). Appreciate the kind words!
We're worse off when #anthonyweiner doesn't serve in Congress and #gilbertgottfried doesn't voice a duck. Darn you, #twitterverse !!
Bullet holes in the window of the light rail car I'm riding on.
Come on where is the bone jarring head butt in extra time this World Cup.
Blue and #OrangeFriday! Lets go ! Appreciate your team spirit y is my boss wearing all pink though?
A2. Perception is often fueled by poor communication or lack thereof. Different volunteer groups have varying purposes & goals
My picks for #Derby are Alpha and Gemologist. Long shots: El Padrino and Prospective.
This Boston game boring waiting on this OKC LA joint!!
Hello Everybody!
Mazel tov to all runners who raised more than $200,000 for Blue Card for #Holocaust survivors
I wanna go hunting for the Boyz tomorrow.. Wait, I can't. I LIVE IN FUCKING NARNIA.
Amber Rose seems a little thirsty..First the "leaked" photos of her poppin' her thang. Now she publicly blasts The reigning Queen of...
we haven't signed up yet, we will tonight!
silicon valley designers: who's your favorite print shop/vendor? need a good reference.
SO ADORABLE
that was amazing...and i don't even care that my bracket is screwed. clearly, i need to go buy a norfalk state t-shirt.
it's good to connect w/ you.If you're ever in Nashville & want a guided tour of our finer honky tonk establishments,let me know.
No. Please do not bring Facebook-esque games to Twitter. I just got invited to join the 140Mafia. No. Not this. Never. Please no. Why? No.
Im still trippin off that camel toe song
Celebrating my birthday today. Best way to do that? Drinking with friends. Yipee! Also counting down days to birth of my daughter--Oct. 8!
If you are in Austin and interested in being part of the leadership of Motion Picture Professionals of Austin, please tweet at or message us
Man, both love scene with Claudia Jordan & Natalie Nunn for the "STALKER" film are really hot! I will have leak some video real soon
In the grand scheme of things, it's not very many. There aren't many places where they can survive the cold weather.
Fun stuff! I haven't seen graffiti in our library - they just break chairs, take labels off of books, and turn books spine to shelf.
I'm out here having foursomes with me , her , Molly and Mary
gahhh thats exactly when i go out of town :( ill let you know of some other live music you can catch! Bummer!
wow!!! Well good luck on the new location!! We need to hit the lake asap
Thank you for reaching out to me on LinkedIn. I look forward to hearing from your colleagues tomorrow.
oh hahaha I was gonna say your parents rock! Still hilarious, I wonder if it's actually real?
just came from skateboarding
IT'S OUR LAST CHANCE! We need YOUR VOTE EVERY DAY in Jan.! We are currently NUMBER 188. We need to stay in the top 1 or 2 .WE NEED YOUR...
The Embarrassing moment when you realize that person wasn't waving at you.
no where can you get it?
Yes, tomorrow I'll be running most of it where we test our own cell phones with the meters.
What a crazy year...
Hey #OWS, the EPA is a money-hole that does NOTHING & Global Warming is a Club of Rome lie. Make election trouble for Neo-Cons, not Ron Paul
Stop leaving me. When will you be back?
Let's tinychat :D
ThMorUKno:The book of Revelation is as much (or more) a political statement as religious.
I don't know if you have the Southwest Ding! app, but flights MKE to Kansas City are $69 each way of booked by 6:15 CDT today...
Alice Cooper earlier this year at the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame ceremony in NYC.
woah, all of sudden my phone decides to blow up with texts..? uhhmm..(:
Sixpence None the Richer is the greatest band of all time.
The #Brewers HR binge continues as Hart hits his second in as many days (6th of season). That makes 7 HR's in 13 innings for the Crew.
and joes to big of a jerk Haha(;
and Peter Maxx?!? I am curious to say the least.
ha I think we both will.
Radical! Judging by how things are, I'm sure there will be no shortage of topics to investigate.
maybe if it's sushi.
Every block but ours in about a 20-block radius was without power this afternoon. How did we escape it? We're the baby Jesus's faves.
WOW – Our Talent Coach and Producer, Jill Machen, has a show currently running, check it out at the JCC in Squirrel Hill!
Two hour drive from the Ga Dome.. Get up to go to work @ 7am... Rain out... GO PACK GO
Going to to my work Christmas party. White elephant gift exchange should be pretty fun :)
Yes Murray County water has it ALL!!! No need to cross state lines! <U+E00E>
Thanks for the RT. Love that quote. Revs me up to face feared things first.
Call Me Maybe's on the radio in TX!! #somethingnew <3
Brand new shirt to the brand new drawls
Sausage, egg and cheese McGriddle to start off the early morning.
Thanks for the RT about Stitches by David Small.
Need help w/ your Sunday projects? Our locations are open 7 days a week for all your cooling & A/C needs. Nobody's cooler than #Naughtons!
SO glad she didn't come over tonight. I'm chilling, though.......
Being so tired that you cannot sleep is a cruel, cruel joke.
If we didn't believe the unbelievable, what would happen to faith?-Love is a Many Splendored Thing
There aren't enough days in the weekend.
and that's what makes it wonderful (except for Dub Step, Ted Nugent, and Boston)
My "Pro Sports Biz" class vetted "character" of 30 potential #NFLDraft picks. Top: Stephon Gilmore. Bottom: Janoris Jenkins
I said I'm over you but ever time me phone vibrates I still wish it's a text from you.
I want to go to the beach tomorrow. Someone take me :)
Thanks for following! Hope you enjoy my work
Aww, hugs! *sniffles* Thanks for your tweet support :) From me to you as well!
RT : Nyc friends! A friend of mine needs to move ASAP. Anyone know of an apt for rent or sublet? Thanks in advance!
worst/favorite school subject?
Procrastinators: Leaders of Tomorrow” – Unknown
my name must taste so good cause it's always in somebody's mouth ;)
What a proud papa! :)
love you too, so glad we 'tried new places' last night ;) can't wait for the weekend!
#TwoWordsBlackPeopleFear Republican Victory. Government benefits REDUCED! LOL
Counting down the moments until freedom
How? Like tear everything down? Is there was a 'reset' button or something. Uninstall/Reinstall type of thing??
I don't even like Sunday roast so I don't know why I always stay in on a Sunday just for it
Thanks! We're all very excited about it.
I like the dreams of the future better than the history of the past.- Thomas Jefferson
correct, and FB is not a mobile company, which is a big blind spot going forward
Oh. Awesome. A gift card. It's like money, but I can only spend it where you thought I'd like to.
Listening to "Have You Forgotten?", by Darryl Worley
nobody to chat with ..til now <U+E405> and ain't nun to do at my house“: why?”
#LazyFact 7256452565156897 You were too lazy to read that number.
K bye.
Whoop! Mine is actually next year right after LeakyCon. I'll add you to the guest list if you want. xD
we was tweeting each other 23 minutes ago?
121,791 on stars at 10:30pm est. Yikes. I wish i could be one of those tho.
this is a nice fish, big fucking eyes, but a nice fucking fish.
have a good new year. Can't wait for your return
Finally, President Callaway comes clean with her birth certificate.
Judge me only if you're perfect, thanks.
#GETAUSTINTOTOPTEN <3 He deserves it! :D
Obama, Cantor, Inches away, yet may as well be miles.
what are they serving in the press box tonight? #pulledpork? #mahimahi? #cremebrulee?
Quote of the day: If you don't like something #change it; if you can't change it, change the way you think about it
beet greens with tofu is on their menu for this evening!
Happy Birthday JB(:
Happy #Tuesday who is ready for the work day to be over?
haha im just hating
y do u hate everyone
I miss hearing about kevin!
Lets go NY Red Bulls!
asked a guy 2 marry me. He left. U think it was b/c I'm desperate or b/c I 8 a tub of hagen daz and am lactose intolerant?
If anyone had Richardson going 3rd in 's contest doesn't know football. Which means they have better chance of winning than I do.
I love it!!! You are awesome! Thank you for listening in!!
Today is a Marvin Gaye day.
AT TRAFFIC COURT COP'S TOOK MY CAR...BOUT TO GET IT BACK ....STILL MOVING%CAN'T STOP THA ROLL%
An 84" TV? Well, damn. o-o
Don't you mean TAFKAP?
Insulin resistance is a symptom. We are not biologically designed for the modern diet that is mostly starch.
let's hang
sure sure... I'll still think long and hard before I have one.
My first ride with last night made me feel like a million bucks. Awesome service.
Go #Cowboys!!!! and... #18 of course! :) Merry Christmas Everyone!!!
that's right! Moo it up.
-1st Commandment of Martyism-“: It's always awesome if you can pull off getting laid and drunk food in the same night.”
I think all the people on these tv shows are just fake.
awaiting audio confirmation.
May this Valentine’s Day be filled with love, understanding, and contentment as you journey through life with those you hold dear
you can get away w/o the huge amts of debt. Knowing that you should at least think about it before blindly doing it is half
#StupidNamesForGroups one direction
the secrets that find their way to the grave are the anchors that have pulled you there in the first place. <3 bri
Envy me, rate me, hate me. Either way you ain't me! <U+E011>
The focus of museums must be on the learners of all ages and must me the needs of communities in changing environments. Webwise
the reason the sixers won last night was randomness. it depended on so many factors that it was a coin flip.
Los Angeles bridge project cruising toward finish; officials consider reopening 405 freeway early
I might cook up some beets. ..so I can say, "My beets are cooking" and a variety of other puns. I've got a pun in the oven.
#middlefingerup to society for having healthy foods 3 times more expensive than fat foods
A from one of Mr favorites, .Thanks for the TotD!
Nope! Your kind of close though...it can be seen from the patios
Trying to come up with examples of student music-related projects...going to "assign" group projects for choir this year.
This Day in Blues History: Blues artist W.C. Handy was born William Christopher Handy November 16, 1873, in Muscle Shoals, Alabama.
#WeWontWork if you just wasting time
fine. You win
Today's highlight was the Chipotle copycat guacamole recipe.
Named Diners' Choice Winner for Best Food, Best Overall, Best Service based on OpenTable user reviews for #NM &
Too many impatience ppl early this morning... Mutha fuckers back off!!
Well goodnite u SILLY chickas i love u all even though i dont know u personly but i would like too but im going too bed cuz its late in FL
good stuff. Great job
#timewarner slowing down here in Santa Monica ....
Designer bodymod human genitals into living Cuttlefish.
OH: You're a marketing hipster. "I read about that campaign when it was underground.".
i wish you could pick your seats in ticketmaster and see which are available :( i hate that its like a lottery -_-
Hieber's is open on Saturdays from 9am to 12pm
Oh man! I'll be thinking about you that day!
Hear my prayer god give ear to the words of my mouth psalms 54:2.
65 today time to bust out the grill
The NBA becomes part of a Hollywood script in there. Spielberg production.
Today has flown by
Not only was it a fantastic YA National Conference, it was great having all that FAB YA energy in #Baltimore!
Working on all of yesterdays shoots and getting ready to go shoot a Salon.
No, I have not heard about this. Do you have a link?
I love the smell of Starbucks ^_^
where r u
#2011musictaughtme that music isn't as meaningful as it was back then
yes i know(:
Shaka Turkey Day!!!
The piano man just played crocodile rock, made my night!
Coming soon: Our updated client list! Lots of great things are in the works and we're happy to be involved!
With Coldest Night done I'm back to Patrick Melrose, w/ Bad News. It's like settling down with a beloved and very screwed up old friend.
Thanks for slamming your locker on my fingers today .. -___-
AFTER MY FATHER'S FUNNERAL IN 2007 MY MAMA TOLD ME I COULD GO BACK 2 TN BUT NO I STAYED HERE IN MI BUT MOVED 2 DETROIT
Getting my new MacBook today!!! Then it's class all day today... Yes, I have a class on a Saturday.
Great Working Tips! (This Applies to Everyone) When it coems to work, you should create a work e-mail to seperate from your personal e-mail.
yea its almost as good as mine don't you think? Lmao
park..basketball..watch some diego shows :) what's yall did?
that felt good!! Get out and push your body today, do something you're gonna feel good about.
Hopefully this clipper mephis gm is better than the onslaught
I'll be making a stop action movie with Lego Superheros at Beer & Blog today. Be at the Green Dragon between 4:30 and 6 and you can help.
Lol I guess
“There’s nothing wrong with taking good care of yourself. .....
The crisis is NOT #socialsecurity as but the private investment system says Dr. Carroll Estes
Not today- Mara Liasson! Scott Horsley, cast of thousands
I'm tired. You can take the winning. I'm so tired of drawing circles.
Nervous for tomorrow /:
I understand it's a big deal to a lot of people, but the way it's being presented is wrong.
Tonight! Our first show in Cleveland featuring a special guest + performances by Pictora and Parallels. Starts at 10 p.m. sharp @ Happy Dog!
Terrific all-you-can-eat Korean BBQ & Soon Doobu soup at Kaya, 68th & Sheridan. Cool new young owners,name soon.
#1 Window Coverings Franchise Creates New Division to Meet the Needs of Commercial Clients (PRWeb May 18, 2012) Read the full story at ht
If someone throws Skittles at you and shouts "TASTE THE RAINBOW!", throw a Happy Meal at them and shout "I'M LOVIN' IT!"
What is this? What's going on with ?
I've grown to love features that are like a tab that can be snapped off at a moments notice.
Veggie? Carnivore?
Can't wait till 150 I'm smokin a plane
great article claire
It turned out to be a sunny #summerfriday in #DTLA. Working on our summer sale details, stay tuned! www.eyecandyfashion.net/
Happy Birthday to my brother Daniel!:)
Today's the day! A.T. Still University's Missouri School of Dentistry & Oral Health groundbreaking ceremony starts at 10:30. Please join us!
RT : I am very moody today. Thunders will come....
My point exactly lol jk I'm working RT : tequila makes her clothes, fall off
I'm sick of candy, I need some BBQ!
Intervention all night
before they outlaw the kiss baby give me one last hug
Publishers/agents claim they want works of the 'utmost quality'. Hard to take 'em seriously with "Fifty Shades of Grey" on the shelves.
SPECIAL REPORT: People who follow are extremely intelligent & good looking.
Constantly having a smile on my face. >
btw Thanks for the shout out! Hope you guys like DaddySwag.com cc:
You are my #hero! Thank you soo much!
thanks for always thinking of us and "All things start somewhere..."
What's there to disagree with. Not sure The Donald is Prez material, but he's spot on much of the time!
RT I was so leaning towards that. Team Thai tea<U+2765> / Yes :) #TeamThaiTea now I want one .
Watching The BET Awards!
Also who wants to help us out with a contest that we entered? It's for some music video fun times! Details to be announced soon. Get ready.
Ladies and gentlemen you potential republican nominee. It's newt time. bit.ly/AgGdm6
well tell that mother fucker MIT to let me at their school in your mother fucker video with ur mother fucker PJ ok :))??
don't worry about it stupid
Okay Denver who's got cabin fever? Time to dig out and head down to our 50% off sale!
yes lets go!
radio songs suck. artists that only make singles aren't artists. go cop OF volume 2!!!!!
It's Super Bowl Squares season & we want to poll everyone available...What is the best payout structure for 1st, 2nd, 3rd, & 4th Qrts via %?
3 more weeks until summer! Can't wait<3
I have somebody that treats me like a gueen but I love my Mr wrong
nah were in the finals. But have to beat the other team twice
Did you see that the Orioles beat the Yankees 7-1 yesterday? They've had their best start in a long time this year.
hey are you looking to trade for that tokina 11-16mm? Is it an EF mount?
Sad day in Eagles Nation - Brian Dawkins, a true legend (& my favorite pro athlete of all-time) is retiring.
I'm shivering D:
lmao u see them nipples ahahaha
Same experience here at
but i would give it back...lol
incredible. Paul Humbler. perfect game
NFL=WWE! These players just need to stfu and play the damn game or retire. Opinions are like buttholes, EVERYONE got one! NHL>NFL
my sentiments exactly. Is it bad I'm dozing off too?
Morning Farmers..come by this morning & choose from one of our new strains; Grand Reserve HB, Pineapple Express, J-1, Querkle, & many more!
Disneyland opens up secret restaurant – for a price - OCRegister
San Francisco Giants - TeamReport - Chicago Tribune
TV shows are like novels for modern day society. To bad TV takes the imagination outta the equation.
MADISON GO FOLLOW !! A
Today’s accomplishments are but a stepping stone to tomorrow’s successes.
i guess so.
That is one class act! What a godly man of integrity.
Thanks for the retweet!
Are you really tryna fuck with me now? Even if its a joke...
nope I was 3rd out but he kept me there until 11 and then I rolled an hour worth of silverwear! Go figure -___-
He stopped talking to you because your not attraciive, not because I told him you were fat im pretty sure he can see that himself anyways(:
You can experience explosive power in your life by learning how to focus.
My mom told me to follow my dreams, so I took a nap.
Thanks! Much appreciated!
“: ok soo you're tatted the FUCK up...so now what happens?” lol right
Irv Gordon has driven almost 3 million miles in his '66 Volvo—proof that it pays to treat your car like a pet (including frequent washes)!
I like that song
Standing in line for prints has become how I spend my free time.
The Seven:Tangled Webs opens tomorrow! Don't forget to get your tickets and check out all the awesome Savor Abq events! We're excited!
Successful bday dinner party for Liz, no one took pics because they were too busy eating
Lipstick found. Halfway to human.
Bob Brackett talking about the #wickedproblem of designing food which scales to feeding 9 billion people.
It was wonderful hearing your story at #smbmsp. Inspirational. Thank you!
- I wonder what the dungeon master looks like?
#FF Follow to get info on free Simon Fashion Now runway shows (tonight and tomorrow).
Why did I think 1 90 minute #dogwalk in the park was enough? Routine dictates a #dogwalk before dinner. My waistline is loving it.
#millionhoodiemarch just saw 3 vans full of cops headed toward the march - after the police bus. careful y'all.
If you do not hope, you will not find what is beyond your hopes.St. Clement of Alexandra
Most business folks I meet truly seem to believe there's not much value in looking any more than 6-12 months out. Interesting
Cry. Forgive. Learn. Move on. Let your tears water the seeds of your future happiness.
yay!!! Welcome to the harper fam! :) I think this calls for the exciting bio change.
Time for bed....
but its smart in a way too, if it was a weekend there would be riots for those wristbands! :/
Good Morning #bravesfam and
I'm ready for #Harbringers & #ArcherAndArmstrong . My comic list is not looking so sparse anymore
FUCK One Direction
New commercials from They'll be on time? Hah. If I told my boss I'd be at work between 8 and 12 I'd always be on time too!
The leaders who work most effectively, it seems to me, never say <U+FFFD>I
Does anyone have my copy of Yes Means Yes? Or do I need to buy another copy? There are worse fates than spreading good books into the world
I'm so drunk I can speak fluent Ozzy Osbourne
Nope. The old one is back.
best tasting theater fundraising idea ever. But 's got this in the bag. Be afraid, be very afraid.
Great moment ruined by someone who is to impatient to fucking wait for me
Trying to get my kids to eat anything "new" for dinner is like watching an episode of toddler FEAR FACTOR. the faces, the gagging. Amazing.
Thomas I tinroduced my friend to ICONic Boyz and she calls you her husband isnt it cute Reply soo I can tell her
Happy Mother's Day Mom I love you <3
And if they think of something, then maybe they should take that energy and focus on something more inportant, like i don't know, syria?
im my own boss plus im my own nigga -i make orders - i don't take orders from no nigga
humm is that BEP "The Time" Dirty Bit?
Thank you!
in ma space shuttle and im not coming down im not coming back this time
Sticker packs at your local shop soon.
"Woggle means White in Australia."
Promo vids are available with great graphics on the templates for the logos!
great win by the Commonwealth Academy varsity boys basketball team last night. real team effort. proud of each player and coach. go Cougars!
Check out and #WoolOverMyEyes. Give him a follow!
Illig: Cerner will continue to invest in Kansas City, on both sides of the state line.
I am going to be your personal stylist!
Had best gift-giving experience ever today seeing look of surprise on face of when he unwrapped his #iPad. Made my day.
Just one of those late nights were everybody is sleep and your bored <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Hustle everyday...follow me
ah I feel dumb now, I def. over complicated that when I was trying to figure it out.
chef? I thought he was running for lieutenant governor of Louisiana hm
Broadway and Craycroft area, at the Target
aw that does suck:(
The Church in U.S. remains silent about the mass incarceration of Blacks becos it is very racialized. But Jesus Cares & sees the hypocrisy.
Women anxious about their banned PIP breast implants should be able to have them removed by whoever fitted them, the government says.
V-necks >
Boston was so beautiful today...CT is a rainy mess!
29 bottles of great looking wine dropped off for our tasting tonight...getting excited!
At Billy Elliot the Musical. And whaddyaknow, it's actually a lot o'fun. Who knew?
#IHOP serves over 30 menu items with less then 600 calories.
It's incredible how quickly one's schedule can fill up for the summer!
I love newsmaps.jp - one of the best news visualization examples I have seen
when the boyz go back = new ICONiacz ?
RT Oh just another day of classes then starting to lose weight and get toned! oh yeah
#mix actually not zombies, just the homeless
Good to be home, but now I don't know what to do with myself.
GORGE 2013. WE JUST SAID IT SO IT MUST BE REAL.
I think he's done on First Take. Blindsided Skip on live TV. Very uncool.
Eyes are gettin' heavier.
Can we please stop calling vegetables "veggies"?
Thanks & for following ! Looking forward to tweeting!
~Bangin A Italian Beef Right Now..!
We're living large on our ferry in the middle of the Irish sea. After disembarking, we will explore the giants causeway in northern Ireland.
Ok, who wants to see Mitt plant a big wet one on Newt's lips ? We all know they're really gay for each other...
ever CAtch yourself in a lie then stop AND TELL THE TRUTH dumbb people
“: My game needs a lil more hustle. Been too nonchalant lately.” samesies.
boy:ok i want this.girl:i want this,no i want this,wait i do this,no i go back to this.boy:come on already just pick one.girl:ok,i want all
True True
“: im not worth u making yourself look like an ass”
Rembering 9/11 This day is important as our show is about remembering a village annihilated by terror and fear - Lidice. Lidice basta.
Okay, so is it the same login information as last time? Can't wait to converse with you all...
^__^ @ getting a shoutout when i diddn't even ask.
Nice and references by on 's Monday Night Raw. Dude had the Consul Energy Center crowd fired up.
Before ppl start coming at my head. You right Im not a OKC fan #BullsNation all the way but I'm not a Laker fan either so Fuck them lol
So. Sore. And it's only going to be worse tomorrow :(
I just know it's gonna be sunny tomorrow.... in Portland
@ excellent overview of the time but repetitive for Tudor enthusiasts. Weir's research is impeccable.
follow back cuz'
best. gift. ever.
Yeah it may be on now. My brother just said he,s watching it now. It comes on twice though
looking forward to trying on sunday!
Home to multitudes, Birthing foxes & midges, Their woods is now logged.
People in their SUVs are so dainty going over a speed bump. Only time I feel alive in my 4-cylinder Camry is showing those bumps who's boss.
Gotta keep my head held high.
Duff Man, hooking up Ginsy in his time of need, supporting a budding alcoholic!
still continue to perservere because you keep your eyes on the prize.
thanks. Just emailed. Trying to switch fr dropbox for greater size, sync PLUS backup, and, mostly, actual encryption on your end
I missed it too. Maybe when we're in separate time zones we can coordinate our schedules to view and discuss
I think so man. I see so many people talking about it! So many pinheads! Lol
still thinking.... uh... ok Strawberry short cake!!
I have no doubt you will carry this Cross with strength and dignity. I'll be here if you need me.
Weather is such an easy excuse for us not to carryout our daily goals. How do you combat that mindset?
Get back to work! I may have to drop by later...maybe": I feel like trollin but I'm gonna be cool.....lol"
Can't wait for #boyfriend to come.out 10 more days:P
after which is only an hr away or go to NJ on 7/5 & 7/6 since is gold. is up to you? Which ever 3 you want to go with go?
Last night was an awesome show! Much respect for our boys from Fight the Quiet!!!! Love you guys!
LOL! I'm moving on to play ! Any good receivers you want to put on waivers for me? Just don't tell Train...
make this your best Tuesday...
are you excited for #BoyzHitDallas ?
- Amanda! Welcome to twitter!
It's imperative that everyone wishes a happy birthday today
I done played the game so long I was convinced caint nobody win this shit
Ah. I usually assume it's that until told otherwise.
All because of me RT . is now 2nd on Twitter among teams. Well done #PatriotsNation - keep it going
Habits retain a major noteworthy advantage over instincts. With cociouse attention you can alter or replace them.
like your show
Here we go again...
Seperating rid of all the spam bot followers by unfollowing everyone. Don't unfollow me if you are human, promise to follow you back;-)
this is crazy in so many ways. Congrats!!
DC alums. Come check out the World Learning/SIT booth Forum 2012.
No freaking way
Jan 70, 000 LA HOMELESS HOUSE THEM NOW!BUY MORE HOUSING SOLUTION! HOUSING is a human need like food . thank you
Leave it to Johnny Damon to screw up our amazing inning.
4 points looks like 4 billion right about now.
Watching the NFL draft as the 2nd round ends. It feels about time to hear LaMichael James, Oregon Ducks, called.
Have a great weekend everyone!
RT : Producers Carl Beverly & Sarah Timberman score 2 out of 3 new dramas on CBS schedule. Amazing. Congrats Carl!
Fellas, make sure the girl finishes before you do. ~
yeah, I knew it wasn't a "big deal" but Anglos in the US will find any excuse to get drunk midday...
You guess!
Shaving your eyebrows off and drawing them back on was an amazing idea,!
- so true
Check in RADIO AND SHOUT U OUT
Thanks Lyndsey and Dustin for the #FF! Go CATS!!
am listening to Coast to Coast AM & will never fall asleep now. far too interested:)
The people who make a difference are not the ones with the credentials, but the ones with the concern. -Max Lucado
got new#
Discovery the secret.... www.sofiafellini.com
Read up in our Jenkins and I'm liking it the more I read as well. Diggin today's pick. Was hoping for Lewis to go w/ Aldon...
you mean to tell me I came all this way and you're going to deprive me of the gastonomic goodness of Manor Arms?!
Loving getting to hear from Kim and Krickett, the true love story of The Vow, today at work. Truly an inspirational family.
Rise in late payments in multifamily has spawned a 36 basis point jump in delinquencies in commercial mortgage-backed securities, says Fitch
My tummy hurts >.<
If you need immediate business coaching call us at 1-888-522-0832
I second that!
Done and done.
Mumblecore was our final week, kind of like a "So what's next?" section.
RT : 'Grey's Anatomy' strong in return: TV News: ABC hits Thursday season high, wins night over reruns...
RT : save the earth - it is the only planet with chocolate
Thanks :P
#Angrybirds have taken over the Envida Office!
And another reason we both changed the TT, from #YouCuteAndAll to You're and you are (Meaning the same thing) (Cont.)
Anybody who had ever read the book new they were composite characters because its stated upfront.
Tell someone you love them today because life is short. But shout it in aggressive German, because life is also scary and confusing.
Well done is better than well said!
Let's make it law... who will enforce?
this is the picture angle I've been wanting to take for weeks. Great shot!
saw you taking a big pull on St. Vrain rd on last lap. Good on ya Dirk.
Owning it! Positively owning it
Oy! That's going through our household too right now -- Feel better! RT Sniffling, sneezy mess today.
That's why no one likes you :P
RT : Saper views DJing as a way of "reading" music (like skipping around in a book)
Listening to the #Smash soundtrack before it comes on in 50 min.
or moreover, you never let them feel like their were "a mark" to begin with until there is no recourse, not even need for cooling.
Teaching on the 1st Tabernacle and it's 7 pieces of furniture! Tomorrow~~part 1
& what would that be?(:
your not allowed to eat. You should starve.
ooh, I don't know! What is CAVE?? Sounds Platonic.
Hell of a shot from him. Hell of a 3!
You're not the first person to think that today : you and phil kind of look alike.
Who woke ?
Thank you everyone for the outpouring of good wishes & support yesterday! You all helped contribute to GROSVENOR SQUARE's successful debut!
omg just drop the kid, he's obviously not a good friend
Just had one asking the first name of my youngest sibling. Totally gettable.
Happy Friday. Be sure to tell someone today just how much they matter to you!!! Acknowledgement WORKS!!
This bit act like my Ex #MarriageChronicles ..
Special flavor for father's day. Thank your dad for all he does. Vanilla and Chocolate Swirl- yum!
Target, like, two years ago! And the DMV wasn't actually that bad. Make an appointment!
Went roadium recording diggin today. Realized alot of mexi words r d same as cebuano in regards to bartering. Thaxs king philip
I like every thing i guess but mostly Robert
“: Amazing that Train still has time to tour & also be the official house band in the 9th circle of hell.” HA but I love that song
It was the bomb-diggity, yo. ;)
No problem, Alexx...any time
Yes I've achieved Total Destruction in Angry Birds Original, Seasons and Rio ... 3 stars in every game, why?
now you have your own list.
Nice gig, Kent! You will be excellent, no doubt in my mind -share your slides afterward online? - hope you're well :)
Um , do we got problem ?.
Celtics got lucky
Sometimes I get to thinking like "Is there anyone out there that's not full of shit?"
The sun is way too bright.
Just sitting here thinking and idk... This ain't good <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094>
Where are you? lol.
thank you for following our team! Look forward to reading your tweets!
i have quite a few of them, even avila
ultimate I'LL FIND YOU
RT People don't say things out of anger. That's usually how they've been feeling the entire time
No. I LOVE THAT SONG. I just really have alot of respect for and I'd hate to ruin his song.
I love writing poetry on my sweet time
So rooting for Christine!!!
My #junewish is to finally have some friends on here! Ex-cuh-use me! Does no one want to #roleplay?
I'm writing about isanyoneup for a paper on online communities. Wanna talk?
Looks like the sun is finally coming out enjoy your weekend!!
that's my daily routine!
As a former student of Steve Arch, is it weird that I have no love for Cooper?
lmfaooo I'll say something and be like oh, ugh awkward *high pitch voice* lmao
My kids love playing on my apps! Any educational ones that you recommend?
#nw one of the best Behind The Musics...NAS.
Rockstar Energy drink and chocolate pudding for lunch. (I mostly stopped drinking Rockstar back when they sued Vermonster beer.)
My friend and my phone calls are so weird
Work late. Pass out before catching any of the Bulls. Wake up. Watch "New York, I Love You." (Enjoyable music, btw.) Pay dearly tmrw. *sigh*
Mary Roach, author of Stiff: the Curious Lives of Human Cadavers. wrote one word in her notes: BADASS. I agree.
i am eatin chips with dip
No comment but I think you'll both dig and be surprised.
meat bath!!!
#Quote Difficulties mastered are opportunities won. ~ Winston Churchill
I'm thinking Wookie was pegged in the asexual category and wanted to change minds.
“: It's pretty much impossible to dislike a #Libra. They bring the good vibes to any situation.” true.
Is there any reason you wouldn't connect with someone on #LinkedIn? Unless they're spamming. But do you really have to know them?
RT : Catch & in Krista Amigone's Anna Abock- FINALS tonight at one-act festival!
THANK YOU!
i would like to know you
#TipsForLadies think classy not bad bitch
9AM I'm teaching the High School/College about "Living Water" 10:45AM we are starting w/ 2 week Ecclesia series! Get there tomorrow!
3 days away from seeing some of my favorite people on the planet...eeeekkkkk!
no :( its journey from Tennessee got delayed.
One boat wait on Edmonds-Kingston ferry right now.
You hear Sully, Burke, and Meyers Leonard all declared? Plus Nix might be kicked off, wide open league
You are nuttier than that squirrel shit.
Whoop Whoop!!!!! RT : Shit Detroit got a good ass song from ! One of my favs!!
DSM psychiatry has gone down path of miscasting behavioral disorders as diseases to pt harm. "Perspectives of Psychiatry" shld be read by IM
If all goes well I will be prototyping a new line of gaming counters this week. :)
These Popeyes commercials are so fucking racist. And hilarious.
RIP, Vidal Sassoon. For a while, you had my favorite hair products.
Listening to Who Will Comfort Me by Melody Gardot. Sweet brushwork, tasty drums, swinging horns and the incredible M-Voice
What #oomf just text me... Smmfh some straight bullshit.
Follow ortsHound<U+25C0><U+3017>and to gain follwers! +<U+2606> shout out! Promo
Nevertheless we, according to his promise, look for new heavens and a new earth, wherein dwelleth righteousness. 2 Peter 3:13
@ hospital with dad. Great sunny day in NJ! Fireworks tonight in Hoboken.
There are only two reasons why guys can hurt you. 1. You really care about them. 2. They don't really care about you.
Of course! U r a very sexy cool #WHOA! babydoll & dont u ever forget it beautiful! XOXO
Yeah. I'm helping them out :/
I wonder y people wonder
Girl : take the condom off , Boy : Why? , Girl : YOLO , Boy : OK but if you get pregnant YOYO , Girl : What's YOYO? , Boy : YOU ON YOUR OWN
I'm gonna be late to work but I can't leave this game!!!
IM HAPPY <333
OMG OMG OMG OMG.
Just saw a hawk divebomb some unsuspecting pigeons. Right on nature, right on.
Never heard Chris Martin so out of pitch . ha ha
he got Shawarma: the food of superheroes!
RT : On the way to to hear some awesome Iberican funk by none other than my homie !
Love Church and 's heart for growth.
Finally Zimmerman is arrested. That's all people wanted since February. The rest you leave up to the system.
sounding good dude I added some dub ;) I'll send you a link later tonight
You're the only other person that I know can bond with me over skipping school all the fucking time.
Happy Mothers Day to all the mothers, soon to be mothers, and spiritual mothers in the world!
Smart? Strange think to say.
¤ Action is the foundational key to all success. Pablo Picasso
It's March! Best month of the year is here!
#hairtip Brush your hair before washing it to remove dirt and get rid of knots.
Dear Shitty People: Shut The Fuck Up and Go Away. Sincerely, The Rest of Us.
Faculty need to explicitly communicate relevance to students or they're likely to miss it.
kids in bed, on a break from doing some work...why am I watching X-Factor? Glutton for punishment I guess.
be strong.
RT : The new Forever the Sickest Kids video is like, identical to the Fastest Kid Alive video. Hmm. Thats ironic. FTSK, TFKA.
tix and food.
Thank the Lord that AP is over! now econ i gotta worry about
cover this week is a classic
I'm #editing something I wrote yesterday, and came across this #word: "sophistification." Use it today, and impress. It's on me.
Feels like Friday...
bahaha I meant love. dad gum auto correct.
“ I can't wait to get a new tv. I miss the vidja gaymes.” u could come over 4/14 and golf it up on the new tiger woods for kinect
teleport some of that this way?
What'd you do for mother's day?
don't blame the rel, many good Christians, Catholics; blame the Church hierarchy, the same ones who brought us the sex scandal.
I live this convo so much right now.
GO GET EM WOLF RT : Time to go skiing brothers! They outchea
please please follow me! i love you so so so much!:D<U+2665> i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 69
Yeah ron!
Happy new year
prove it! Haha
Um, of course!!
Rocky Bolboa:It ain't about how hard you hit, it's about how you can get hit and keep moving forward.
thanks for listening. 'tis grand to get to madtown.
looking for a beautiful, local, blonde model to do some work for space150. Message me asap if interested, or know someone who might be.
ATL, need somewhere to throw your next event? Hit us up! Our parent company has just opened up a new space, World Class Events!
Happy Thanksgiving to all of our clients and friends at StaffingandPEO.com
Can it be? #Browns score?!
Smoke em if u got em!
So sad that Sean Payton will not be with us next season. The Saints will get through this!
NOTHING TO EAT.
I must say the only republican that seems more capable than the rest is Ron Paul. I feel sorry for him. He knows they're all idiots.
we gotta chill with damian before I leave man
“: May the Fourth be with you all! #mayfourth”
This may be true, but I can construe that you're life is becoming simpler, and thus better suited for survival
Look for the next one in April! Thanks for coming all.
Dear Abby: Absence of table manners turns dinner into disaster
Weekend Special: Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough Frappe...Come in and try one today!
a plumber DUH
T.G.I.F..got the whole wkd off!
Why must centipedes have soo many legs? :-X
Can we throw a foodie theme party?
What? I didn't say they were bad or doing anything wrong. They're letting WBA have the ball and countering and it's odd.
Cash Store Financial responds to press release issued by Consumer Protection ... - Sacramento Bee
so cute.
Finally! WHY is Granderson the ONLY ONE HOLDING THIS TEAM TOGETHER?
we could probably play Monday at Bell Central
I'm jealous! Last year's #CTAC happened about a month before I got hired here, and I was much too broke to attend.
Enjoying people being people this morning. Had a sampling of every flavor - from bat shit crazy to sweet as . . . I dunno, something sweet.
Great audition for a Disney type independent film. I auditioned for the evil woman role. A lot of fun!!
did you like Croatia when you were there filming heart vacancy? :)
It's about fucking tme.. thank you Nick Johnson for finally doing wat we got u for.. hit bombs.
the basketball games against happy valley tonight should be pretty intense. i'm pumped :)
#Glee :( so good but so sad
Its more hilarious then anything haha
Thanks so much for the follow.
hahaha at the end of the day, they relax and celebrate...ant style. #Fiesta!
You know I'm right there with you. Every am. 5ish. On good days.
Naaaaa. I don't need anyone's permission to carry on Hollywood.
RT : but can trees win when oil is on stage? #DFAGOP12 RT : Big winner tonight: Trees at the right height.
good luck!
Are the roads too slippery to drive far? Shop local with us! ...and we even have courtesy parking in our attached parking structure!
REPCO HAS BULK BAGS & GAYLORD BOXES FOR SALE & PROMPT DELIVERY. WE ALSO DEAL IN EQUIPMENT (BALERS/GRINDERS) & WE BUY ALL SCRAP PLASTICS!
Holy cow. Mr. Feeny is on #GreysAnatomy! Also, I'm showered and in bed. And I still see a sliver of light outside. Does that make me lame?
"LMAO, this movie isn't even scary!!" *Based on a true story* "Oh shit..."”
"I really regret working out, said no one EVER!"
I smoke because that's what all the cool kids are doing.
“: Only 3 people want me to write their usernames?”write mine;D
God<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A> RT : I'm the type of person that will try make everyone smile. But when I'm in need of a smile, who's there for me?
The reaction people have when i say i dont smoke >> lmao yeah people like me still exsist.
My first lesson at #sla2011 is if tables are sparse, don't take both food and drink unless you also happen to have an extra arm.
Welcome to all my new followers!! So glad to have you all. Thank you.
Love that one of my all time favorites is spreading the good word on one of my NEW favorites. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
EVERYONE FOLLOW SHES SO COOL. AND LOVES BIEBER.
Might just have to bring back #NailPolishMonday so that me, and can get some perks!
So excited to host #ansa11 national food and nutrition conference here in Boston. Great plenary w/Med Dir of DPH this am!
Eat candy. Call it carb loading. You're welcome. :)
I love you too :)
dude give me the answers
RT : Have a Great Day Everybody <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>- imma throw my typical hate tweet on your timeline. Lol
It takes me being gone 4 u 2 b nice but i'll take it! Love you!! RT : i miss ...what a way to ruin a
I didn't know you cuddled. . . or had teeths. ; )
hey do you club?
Jimmy G's just hit the spot.
Well, it could be worse... He could be replacing the rent and raising the Septic tank. :)
Get us to 950 likes and well post up a acoustic cover video!
yo real parents mexicans
Thanks for the RT : #onpoint RT : "It always seems impossible until it's done." ~ Nelson Mandela
Happy St. Patrick's Day everyone! Is it ok to say that if I'm not even slightly Irish? I hope so.
You should try it out! It's all about the speed of scan-to-edit-to-sharing. What used to take hours now takes seconds.
I'll Have Another! It turns out I'm really good at betting horses.
very welcome!! Thanks for the wonderful resources you provide...
neat! Yeah, we met briefly at a conference a few months ago and became FB friends afterwards.
#ReadyForZero grabs your credit score when you sign up "...better than average" - any way to view actual score?
Happy #VeteransDay thank you to all the soldiers/troops!
CP3 or Tony Parker? The former without hesitation. Better scorer, distributor, defender and leader.
Regular jogging may dramatically up life expectancy
your tweeting in the shower? :D dork. We're gonna go to Cattlemens :) yum.
The Tooch is loose in 30 Rock.
More business collaboration between Singapore and Colombia
facebook.com/justjawaan this is why you need me on the show!
Sorry it's been awhile guys!<3
aww, thanks Jay. It was a great fight!! :)
Will you be live tweeting the #SupremeCourt arguments on the #AffordableCareAct? Let us know and we’ll spread the word
producer get @ me wit some hot beats throw em to ..........r.i.p45th
I'm now following you! Return the favor please? And you can follow my band here as well :]
I only use twitter for reason now......... , i used to have tons of reasons... Now theres only one:(
why in the hell would you make a twitter?
I thought I would wake up and be ok but nope. I still hate you
Heading to Oakland tonight for #FolsomStreetFair tomorrow!!!
o my goodness! Well thank God u r alright!!!!
yes Pizza is a disappointment there. I do like the bar though.
Oh, Ben Marcus at Bookcourt tonight.
got it thanks guys :]
this whales heart is the size of a cow... #blueplanet is blowing my mind.
um no it doesn't.
Watch WXII morning news tomorrow (Nov. 2) for a live feed from SECCA about the opening of Out of Fashion. Reports start at 5 am.
Weird, wild stuff. Rumors of ghost writing combined with potential scamming? Who has time to think of all that?
OMFG they played the basketball diaries on tv and I missed it! 0;
I gave up the coldest room in the house for the biggest , and I regret it more and more everyday.
Love great pizza but don't love venturing out once home from work? We understand & we're there for you! Delivery service starts Friday!
What a nice #FF Maria - thank you!!!!
Bwhaha. Yes. You're first album is stellar.
because ending games in regular time is so mainstream.
Already a great start to a long day thanks to !! BOUGIIE!
Thanks for your help you know who u are and I definitely know what to do with myself now
#JACUZZI Sometimes i pretend i've been held captive my witches who are trying to make human soup!
Don't know what to eat for dinner? How about a traditional Gordita!! Loaded with sour cream and cheese
HA! RT : Can't wait for #MKEbrewfest tomorrow! Expect live tweeting for the 1st half and nonsensical gibberish for the 2nd half.
It seems like everyone likes to piss me off!
If you don't know who Danielle,Eleanor,Kevin,Paul and Lux are, please leave this fandom. Like, uh. Right now...-Kelly
Thanks for the follow! Looking forward to connecting in #socialmedia and #humor !
#Anesthesiology Optic Nerve Sheath Diameter Used as Ultrasonographic Assessment of the Incidence of Raised Intracranial Pressu
My schedule for the night has been ruined smh
that is the best idea, since I'm having a bad day. , your music will be loud today.
Quiz nearly done. Need a few "wrong" answer to fill in for the multiple choice. Have a Prezi to make. Too tired. Need to drive home.
I think your way sexier than sexy hehe (;
I've been watching The Office for a couple hrs...
I can't even fall asleep from how full I am.
Fittingly, I've decided my first baseball blog of 2012 will be about Tampa Bay...update to come tomorrow, stay tuned!
I totally agree!
Who has fight night champions?
what a savory bite of disappointment that establishment was
I now see why the GOP wanted Voter ID laws. They can't even run their own primaries correctly.
I guess somebody called the police on my neighbors...
thanks for coming man! :)
After a long flight delay, our plane finally touched down in Los Angeles
"it's a pinterest baby"
"Don't fall recklessly, headlessly in love with me." You made my day so much better!
Is that beiber??!
I am seriously disturbed and concerned about this decision.
Lmao! The amount of money she has, I'd reproduce with her too.
Don't worry! We will be fine!(:
About to take the stage @ GIG ON THE STRIP and make a "shout out" to Ruben Garcia, owner of this unique listening room. *<];•}$ SCOTT
Me time <U+E40A>
NFL Draft --- I can just picture myself on that ESPN Channel
I contacted NI support via email in December and still have not received a response. Is this normal?
Installing the #Windows8 beta now.
Love it! Biggie is the greatest of all time, and there's no other discussion
said we can't teach kids to protect their privacy if parents engage in surveillance of their online communications
Fucking dropped passes
well alright
no I fell asleep around 5 and started hitting snooze at 5:30
Sounds so much better than here. My husband and I gonna crash ur pad one day :)
Some of the craziest crap I've seen on Twitter comes courtesy of Seriously. You really should check it out. Craziness.
#lolatgirlswho think their gonna get whatever they want.
I told my psychiatrist that everyone hates me. He said I was being ridiculous - everyone hasn't met me yet.
YUM! Thanks for visiting and we hope you enjoyed your time at QS&L!
How did your team do in the #draft? Did they take who you were hoping for? Sound off!
FBCD slap that ask!!!
My dry cleaner charges me by the pound, so I filled my pockets with little helium balloons, and now they pay ME when they clean 'em.
:) Tomorrow will be the official release. Stay tuned!
Thanks for coming out last night!
Good Morning World!! Currently at 11:10am in Atlanta, GA it is 41 degrees. High: 52* Low: 30*
i know :'( *whiny voice*
i used them all up too!
#smx #1a1 Partner with parallel brands on FB to drive traffic to your page. Make viral content.
cuz how much do u charge glenn jus charge me da same ill pay half up front otha half wen u done
Way to go for making the 'Women to Watch' list for your work !
thanks for the follow! Great meeting this morning exploring ways that and can partner in 2012.
Great presentations yesterday from and Dr. Natalia Verkhoshanksy. Ready to soak up some more training wisdom today
Mustache Bash slated for Movember 20th! Mark your calendars! Details to come!!!
We are at an American Standard #dealer meeting right now finding out about manufacturer #discounts and incentive
2011.09.16 #Brewers 6 #Reds 3 | Home run ball is back / Prince and K-Rod are happy / at least for tonight
M love pedicures!
sorry o; me phone was charging ;P
back today followed by cardio. Rest day encompassed one too many cookies with the 2 year old. Oh well, it was worth it!!! Lots of laughs.
thanks for all your thoughtful feedback and hospitality, Anja. Hope your session went well!
Wolf Blitzer. My wife will not let me say anything more. Help me out.
Tonight we will be serving our vegan Mac n' cheese pizza and a guacamole burrito w/ pepper jack cheese!
While you're treating her like shit, another guy is telling her she deserves better....you're gonna lose her bro ....just watch
#SignsYouAreASneakerHead You shoot and kill someone for a pair of Concord Air Jordans.
Stupid people change for people to be accepted. Smart people forget about those they don't need to change for
Spotted! The twirlling backwards runner!
haha, sorry to hear that :( Gl in reno (on and off the course!)
Seems everyone is reporting on the Blazers except The Oregonian. Must be frustrating to have to source national outlets about the home team.
I wish I could go back to being a kid.. when your only concern was what friends you were going to play with that day.
I feel like I relate to Tyler. That nigga says some pretty deep shit.
Thank you SO much for the RT! I so appreciate it! I sent my commercial idea to !! I can SEE it, I can FEEL it!!
attempt 2 at ombreing my extensions.
Come dear it will be easier for you then it was for Jason ~ Jason's Mom ~ Friday the 13th.
not arguing about Ryan's actions, just about how you're trying to make people react.
People at school. Girl: "I love Justin Bieber. I'm like the biggest belieber out there." Me: "I love Jerry." Girl: "Who's Jerry?"
If love is blind, why is lingerie so popular? ~ Unknown
I still know mote than Pete #smarttweet :)
'Enjoy the best things in your life cause you ain't gonna get to live it twice.'
That does not sound good at all. It sounds like you need some U-Swirl!
Just found out that was 43-0 that's amazing! Is his record better then ?
Can you be real for two seconds. Kay Thanks.
NEW SHINING STARIGHT TEETH TODAY!!! :) <333
Mega Millions jackpot grows to an estimated $640 million
Work today was surprisingly brutal, but I pushed through. Caught up on my bball, now some Lord of the Rings lol
Weinstein's game reminds me a lot of Wes Welker.
Ben Elbirt's Intonation software modified for WORDij: The 96-point time-series networks sound mesmerizing with "church organ" midi
I NEED EVERYONE TO STOP AND GO FOLLOW now its my new mb account they will do anything for u
Jungle fever???? I think so lmao
Hey i DM'd you, lmk if you didn't get it.
I hear ya. Sorry to hear
..Thanks for making the rivalry what it was..
RT : Limbaugh just called a meeting of the National Association of Women the "NAG convention"National Association of Gals.>O_O
Tis a mutual condition, to be sure :)
Beer pong by the white river pool!!! Lets go:)))
aww cannon movie tales version of sleeping beauty is on. that was a fav of mine when i was 4. i thoguth all the fairies were pretties things
I thank God for all my blessings.
Correct. Pride has to show up at some point.
Outside my house havin a drink wit a homeboy
Sounds delicious!
There are situations where I'm okay with giving away an out for a chance at a run. 8th or 9th inning of a tie or one-run game
Thanks for including me in your paper!
You think a fancy necklace from Tiffany's makes you baller? What about a $200K pin of a torch instead? Baller.
Metta World Peace got tired of taking out players... Going back to fans!
Bout to hit this shower then back 2 sleep hopefully
I know! Who doesn't want to take a dinosaur home?
shout out to our new followers thanks for following!!!!!
Hey I opened your link and it took me to a very NSFW webpage....You might want to look into that.
Thanks for the follow man
If you could be a pair of jeans what style would you be? Why?
Remember when the Razr phones were the newest and coolest? Lmao
The fear of the LORD leads to life: Then one rests content, untouched by trouble. Proverbs 19:23
“: What a punk ass day” that's what I said
Gotta go to the dmv tomorrow, Ive been putting it off way too long.
We actually saved money on gas by just walking there :)
was in the emergency room yesterday
RT : Every time I try to fucking avoid you, you fucking find ways to show up!!
The sky has been waiting to ice-hail. (pun intended)
Back to work. Sad that I didn't get as much reading done as I had hoped, but had a great time with family and friends. Happy New Year!
Just like anything else in life, the opinion
Had to turn in my original BU ID from Aug 05 cuz the strip didn't work right any more. A little sad about that.
Time for the
I should at least do my hair haha
Mary Jane Medic - Medical marijuana cross
Oh Folly Beach.
#Food is our common ground, a universal experience. James Beard
Action packed Sunday! Sunday funday 2 photo sessions! One with for the men's Spring/Summer line & one at #BalboaPark!
So there's a sick 10/20 game at Bellagio, guy offered 2k to people at table for seat, he's got 0 takers. 1 Macau fish, & 2 other fish
ask if you can go? Haha
Not surprised by this Parkview alumni...the kid is an idiot and couldn't even get through high school without transferring.
James. You nailed it. Love it done well, but so rare.
purgatory will probably be jim mora "analyzing" cam newton. "is this guy chewing gum? i like this guy. he's a winner."
Great guy, great app MT : Big congratz to our new friend Follow his startup:
It's cute how Brooke & hope are eating dessert & chatting like girlfriends. I wish hope would stop resenting Ridge tho~
love u Jeffrey!!! We need tea time ASAP!
That sounds messy. Do it. I'll see you there.
the Pudge Calendar is adorable!
15 FCS just completed Sneaker Rehearsal for A Capitol 4th. Dress Rehearsal 8PM, 7/3 @ Capitol with PBS. Great show taking shape. C'mon out!
E Extreme Makeover!!! My !
HAPPY BIRTHDAY I MADE THIS FOR YOU <U+2665>FOLLOW back!?!! Its a clock
what do you got for us tonight? Any new tracks?
37k 200 400 50 on break. Couple decent players got moved to my left.
To all my family at LPU Breakthrough VII in Puerto Rico... you guys all ROCK! Now, let's walk on some fire!
The one time when I need my aunt to do something shes not home.
Yes they would've. Point: it made funding more interesting, but didn't add money to the pool that didn't already exist.
New #iPad unveiled today!
(((((: I love love love love love #love My life !
This is America and we love her. We will not give her up without a fight. Let her be the shining city on a hill once again.
RT : We need to make Education for our kids as important as what's on tv every day.
they're spending "family time" together Jordan tried to shut it down, then they put Isaac to bed & closed the door
OUt of the PS 99 vs JJ hurt us then all in with 55 and idiot calls us with Q8 (for 1/2 his stack) and turns a straight. One more to go.
Never throw out your used clothes, shoes, books, etc just donate to Goodwill and help some folks out!
It's illegal to protest in the US
Man, these guys sure like baseball hats.
School feels so long today -.-
Straight tried of fake people no lie
Tuesday is the only morning I don't work out & I must admit I enjoy sleeping that extra hour!! What days do you workout? Morning or Night?
My heart stops every time I see previews for The Lucky One. Can't wait to see it!
My 12 yr. old July-born son loses a golf club. I get totally upset and he feels horrible. Both apologized. Found it at course!!!!!!!!
This coming from another Asian... You are an ignorant bigot, and your racist Tweets denouncing black people disgust me.
lies i just said you couldnt cook in MY kitchen
In an effort to be as useless as possible, I am laying on the floor at my parent's house, still in my pajamas, watching Road House.
Mike ’s Early View of the News May 9, 2012 Student-loan debt collection criticized in report The U.S. Education Department must step
#teamfollowback: I need more people to follow. You know the rules. See you in the feed.
i today is my sisters baby b day am so happy she is turning 3 years old so cute am so happy happy b day julie
where are you located?
lmfao no it's April 2, I'm having my party the 5
That awkward moment when you shout out the wrong answer in class with CONFIDENCE.
AT LEAST NIC CAGE IS MAN ENOUGH TO BE WITH HIS SON AND TAKE RESPONSIBILITY
submitted for the role of the soldier for the period feature film The Conspirator. Robert Redford is directing in Savannah, Georgia.
It just takes one swing....
43 followers needed...please help out
I just asked B to stop moving my iPad screen since I'm trying to work and he said, "No, I am trying to work!". Busy little guy I guess...
Too much "pragmatism" or "deconstruction" in your household? Tired of hearing "Derrida" or "William James" at dinner? can help.
Two days in Houston. Go.
": Today is the 35th Anniversary of Woody Allen's ANNIE HALL - #2 on AFI's list of Top 10 Romantic Comedies!" 1 of my favorites
missin the girl in black HARD
#Blackparentsquotes where's my government money
Our moving crew runs on
We have wine with a cork... but we have no corkscrew
Finding you has solved like six of my problems all at once!
If u think i'm comin' back,don't hold your breath...
You better believe I have more Drake tickets to giveaway
Today and Tomorrow, save 30% on the item of your over 20.00. That' s right, you pick!
who's here with me at #dthr ? Roll call...?
Wait, Peter Pan isn't real? There goes my childhood fantasy
#WeAllHaveTried speaking another language and failing. Come learn the right way by studying abroad with us!
just to be clear until you understand the Holy Ghost you are not going to get tongues point blank period.
but ill never ever leave your side .
any recommendations on great-looking blog themes/plugins for wordpress? /via
lol just don't tell me when were eating
I'm on Pinterest. I'm not getting married! lol - I'm pretty much using pinterest to collect cool Batman pictures.
Ready, set, cry uncontrollably, pull out hair, and shake like chihuahua- GO!
WHERE ARE YOU TELL ME NOW
Thanks for the follow. Have a good weekend!
Chickens OK'd in Santee... Mayor Randy Voepel, John Minto and Jack Dale in favor...
holy shit american horror story is intense this week. O:
such a blustery day....
I don't even know. High-five him.
There's a differences between having haters and not being liked
I work at 5:30. Sorry my child. Go to your mom. lol
Seeing yesterday makes me grateful for all the amazing things happening in Baltimore. Check them out..
You act like a snob and treat people like shit no wonder you're alone!
So what'ca doing?
This month, dentist. Next month, knee specialist.
Thanks my boy
#WelcomeBackAndy great to see Pettitte come back
The past couple days been heaven.. he puts a smile on my face n plzes me n every which way :)
Interested in having your own personal toy rep? DM me today! Always give special discounts to my best clients! Buy in bulk for more savings!
posting from 37455 ft in the air cant wait to see hope i can navigate public transportation in NY I'll let u that turns out.
Can we send you our film?
You, alone, release so much serotonin to my brain
God i really need to start breaking people off..
I really really really wish it was.
Just think how much drugs and hookers&escorts I could have got with $520,000,000 since 25%tax comes out $640,000,000
we will be in the 1st week of July. Ps - it takes one to know one!
hate it when that happens! “: The awkward moment when you get no likes on FB so you delete your post..”
Wooohooo, Cleveland - the May ride is just a few hours away! Looks like the rain may hold off! See you at Public Square at 6-6:30! :)
Where is the letter from the NFL proving your claim? Letter from NFLPA was signed and received. Prove claims
cute. I love that your tweeting
Orderin pizza for Lunch!!! :)
The only person out here to beat me heads up is Pinter, once. Until that changes, there is really nothing to talk about.
To Understand The Future We Have To Go Back In Time... <U+266C>
Frustrated by the recent & negative coverage of iOS jail-breakers. The real issue is software theft by the few who have a jail broken device
Forster Kids are our kids...
The Dinosaur Hall media preview is next Thursday. LA Journos- be there or be square! DM me to RSVP.
All in time you'll know so you gotto take it slow. Never deceive just to have what you need.
2. There are 578 scam reports from the city of kazan were found.
they don't know how dumb they sound lol EVERYONE has the chance to leave the crib
Had an awesome time tonight opening up for Kix Brooks!!
Mega thanks to for Metric and general awesomeness.
Come sing your heart out at karaoke night presented by joanie karaoke. Starting at 9 with $2 well drinks 10-12
WE LOVE OUR CUSTOMERS!!!!! They rock!
Putting the finishing touches on the last of 5 Gary Morris CDs today (Mastering, ISRC coding, CD Text, Submit to Gracenote).
This is the only year, i wasnt excited for summer.<\3 I miss him to much....and i love him so much. RememberTrust
#Clippers fans are to Angels fans, as #Lakers fans are toDodger fans w/ getting loud-except I'm a loud Clippers fan!
No one wants to meet me. IS IT COS IM FAT? IM SORRY OKAY.
@ rios, staring in helpless bewilderment
A penal system that not only over-incarcerates but also strips the citizens of their rights as Americans is what destroys us...
"Dr Jonathan's Thoughts on Medicine in America, and Storytelling Part IV" streamed live tonight. Stay tuned for the link.
I'm sleepy, but I don't want to go to sleep.
My next song go get yo girl pussy wet....guranteed
I'm going to need to eat that soon.
lol calm down Honey Cocaine!
Meeting you was fate, becoming your friend was a choice, but falling in love with you was beyond my control
Ha, well I'm still happy with my iPad 2. Tried out the 3 and didn't do anything special for me
why does hairston look scared shitless at this atbat
Happy Valentines Day! We are OPEN today, starting @ 5pm. Special buffet menu with a $1 off all beers, wines, & cocktails.
thank you so much!
"I know the world's not ending in 2012...My yogurt doesn't expire til 2013."
what time is your game tonight?? Tryin to scout the game low key!!
#ThingsIDoWhenIGetBored text random people and say 'I'm pregnant' to see how they react haha
Heading to the Lela Brown Bag sale :) Hope to see all you Milwaukee fashionistas there!
So hey i'm ready to start The Hunger Games. also ready for a little reading sesh with Lex. you down? ;)
Mornin u guys :}
I don't think anyone understands how upset I am I missed the maine's tour with augustana. l
That lady took anger issues to a new level
Mary Kay® SPF 30 Sunscreen* is enriched w/antioxidant vitamins & free-radical scavengers, absorbs quick & leaves skin soft & moisturized
Aw. Poor Rubes. She's having a tough time suddenly being twice her age. (This is why Mom's drink wine)
It's beautiful out and the doors are open!! Come enjoy lunch out on our patio or see Leala at the bar!! ;-)
Sierra Nevada porter iced and very nice.
BITCH BITCH BITCH BITCH<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
Lol RT : girl i thought i was the only one that LOVED the smell of rain. And dont let it be on freshly paved road ^_^
Looking for the equivalent of "Manichaeism for Dummies." Any suggestions? #religion #twitterstorians #pleasedon'taskwhy;^)
The one thing that I absolutely HATE about spring are bees!
Thanks for the shout, , for guest blogging!
my RYANS!!! Thanks so much honey!! ;-) miss ya!!
Sure were a hell of a lot of white people at this Kentucky #Derby post selection.
derek.paris.brooks
What's the name of the page?
Twitter won't let me change my damn pic!!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
Ladies treat a guy the way you want females to treat your dad. "Like a King"
I met a lot of fans at the signing tho.*
#Santorum: I've held over 1000 town hall meetings across the country. People are concerned with the government expanding
hey hey hey. Can you switch those chicks around in your Avi.
RT : "People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing." - Dale Carnegie
Did you see him fight in UFC 126? INCREDIBLE!
Last question before I log off for a bit
3am call from brother: "Hey are you asleep?" "No, I'm skydiving"
So I gave my tickets to the Giants game to my sister and her bf. Their seats were pretty crappy so they'll enjoy this better.
If my life had no Austin & Alex .. Idk what I'd be doing now. -Ally
Ask to add you, he should be able to!
All specials and upcoming events are listed on our Facebook page: thebar lv. Going to try and get the tweets going...
Thanks for the mention... ;-)
S/O to Mr.Smith tho, hope he likes them tricks I taught his Bitch...watch out for that tooth in the back tho...
Why havent I seen in like 15 years!?
Live music w/ MATT BARRON! 7pm-10pm 2NITE! Grab a friend & a table and enjoy some great music w/ some amazing food! Don't miss out!
So great! RT : The internet is really a giant etch a sketch. Shake it up till there's something you like-
#10ThingsIFindAttractive a guy with a little style
There is no class of people in the world, who have such good memories as creditors.
Hey Nate , my name Ashley u friended me on fb but I deleted my account. But can u pls follow thus account its my friend and i's
This sounds naive but our school's lifeskills program really helped put real-life fears in context. I took cues from them.
Or at least including it (:
u should ask carmen, lol since she be at all the games lol. But I will ck it out! I want one too
Man im shittin on your whole life i beaz in duh trap
won't argue if you want to take 96 team disagree with last statement " would smoke 12 team "
Watching on ustream(:
Howgood rates products on their quality based on complex data. Have u seen it in grocery stores?
"That’s like congratulating a man for not robbing a bank. I don’t know how else to play the game."
Keep it up
At the chili cook off? Don't miss --> RT : Washington DC for DC101's chili cook off at RFK stadium. We're on at 2:45pm!
Im doing the pee pee dance.
Being barr'd up at school > > hah .
In the studio with Gonna be a productive day.
Answered circus circus survey with 'I will never go there again'. So happy to see them continue emailing me with new offers to ignore.
Monday Marketing Tip: A simple "thank you" goes a long way! How do you show your appreciation?
nice I will check that. Few people seem to realize hermeticism came from egypt...thoth>hermes
Time is short , Life goes Fast
Thank you soo much Chelsea, I am actually an OSU grad myself! I will be there this weekend! : )
Do you feel like you have way too many Social Media sites that are unattended and need to be managed and organized? lol
Looks great!
Man, you sure know your history. Thanks!
I have the worst bf ever.
I got tha Lo down Fantasy Football aint gon make the playoffs BLUES....o well there's always Basketball ya know?Right?...there's not ? O hmm
Focused discussion re: characteristics, challenges, of comm collaboratives
good karma and networking will help your eventual reincarnation. It would also help if Keeniun hurried up and seduced Jessica
Sometimes I think you forget that your not the only one who's going through a lot.. I'm sorry i'm not perfect.
My earphones broke <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
Still considering walking to the Edgewood Kroger, because although they're out of a lot, I doubt they're out of Gardein.
Who said fascinating people always play nice?
There are no “bad” days, only inconveniences. Everyday is good for something. Good Morning!
lol yes! Im going to a Ky
What if scholarship looked more like acknowledgements than greatest fears. Solidarity and friendship in criticism--Lisa Henderson
Looks like it's going to be pretty hectic for the next couple of weeks. OBS, Ocala racing, getting handle on wire 2 wire.
im not Austin. ): sorry.
I'm so excited to go to the senior's graduation next week^-^
" Bout go chill with the brothers "
at Rouses
1. I am no longer wondering why this is trending -->
Miss ya homeslice. Been a minute.
ITS MY BIRTHDAY! Can I get a 'Happy Birthday Kimberly' PLEASE!? <3 23
Lol. Sorry Nemo. That was funny.
With some Pinnacle pals supporting another pinnacle pal sing at Howard Fine Studio
What can I do for you, ?
Who would have thought that wearing an unmatching navy sweatsuit would draw so many strange looks.
Behind every working woman is an enormous pile of unwashed laundry. Barbara Dale
Jack Welch Dear Grad 09 column for BW. Would like your suggestions for message in this very different 09 environment
Our first South of the Border billboard on the #cwcon drive! It's only 163 miles away!
I'm not liein
This Ginger smells like ginger! Just got the wild ginger, tea tree oil experience at #supercuts!
Q1) Such dependency on the learning topic too..."The google" won't help much on a custom designed system.
#Weather Forecast for Friday
Goodnight ! Stay safe!! :) peace out boy scout and not peace out girl scout :)
Heart to heart with the whole class in foods lawalll!!
im mad boared quick questin you play video games by any chance???????
Never knew love would hurt this fucking bad.
Right on. I love Trident so much that I buy it in bulk at Costco. I sure can't argue with getting my favorite product for free.
if you're playin when we come down for the wedding, we will!
": I hate the radio"
check out Elmhurst natives #okgo; their new video was in the Super Bowl ad for the Chevy sonic ! #
love when a hot guy puts a hand in his pocket.
I always show up halfway through conversations
*COSIGNS* SO TRUE #PREACH!!!!
That's my understanding too. Had to do sanity check after hearing someone else's interpretation.
You have officially won my pants. They're wet. Thank you for everything.
Anyone interested about e-mail marketing and how to do it yourself and how to track their success?
I LOVE MY SUPER PROFILE!
Revoked access to apps and deleted all dm's... hope it works? Will contact Twitter next I guess? Ughh people can really suck sometimes!
truth. Sad thing is, right now there are tons of great people who will work for pt no benefits.
Welcome aboard!
#AtTheEndOfTheDay if you're not happy, you're not successful.
#whimsicalgates artist statements all set. Waiting for the finished gates to arrive
quit changing your name then.
$210 to start your own business. No autoship. No monthly fees. Nothing to sell. Just build your team and make money.
sounds good
Honestly, I could sing you a song but I don't think words can express your beauty, c':
Bryce Harper has a canon, what a throw to home. Too bad Ramos dropped it!
I should set an O/U for Tim Krumrie mentions when I watch #NFLDraft with my dad... "How often do you see DTs running 40 yards in a game?"
Sam ... Favorite car ?
The best way to make people remember you??. Borrow money from them.
Where av u been since morn' RT : Should i tweet?
Are you going to be at SxSW?
Tissue box #4. Another one bites the dust.
I just boarded my Southwest Airlines flight after a 2 hour delay and got greeted by the rudest attendant ever.
thats awesome.. & gets my vote for fact of the day
At the Dream Team meeting for Joplin Schools. How do we "BUILD" a 21st Century School?
and what did your significant other think?
Thanks! See you there! RT We've long celebrated Don Tate as an illustrator, but at #TLA12, he'll be attending as an author.
If you can, help others; if you cannot do that, at least do not harm them. (Dalai Lama)
You can turn it off :) Just thought you'd like to know that.
Health, Friends and Chicago RT : Q6 #Foodiechats The sun is about to set on our #BeachParty What should we toast to?
Hey, thanks so much for sharing our job post!
back from a must needed vacation (earlier today)...ready to go on another...
NoDoubt On That Mister
Say... say. This nigga soul on some more shit. I won't even spoil his tracks but I'll say that his shit is smart. He's the thinker.
Jesus doesn't want to edit my behavior, He wants to Change my heart!
Ladies Night! Ladies pay just $5 to come in! Happy Hump Day...
Why does #americanidol hate its viewers? Hailey oughta stop singing!
You realize how many R&B rejects it is out here they coulda signed better than Omarion ?
I have done more mustache roto than any other VFX artist in the whole world. Come at me bro. I'll roto that 'stache right off your face.
I don't love or chase these hoes. Fuck these hoes.
They're tied for my third favorite team. Why are you questioning it?
RT : CU Men's Basketball clinches No. 5 seed at Big 12 will take on No. 12 Iowa State, Wednesday, 1 pm, Sprint Center, Kansas City
juss gotta get through these next couple of days
Kevin Kenny ?
vegan?!?!?! No cheese either? Wow, your my hero. I can do the soy protein but no cheese?
I chuckled RT : just do some preacher curls (ba dum tshh) RT : Church or gym tonight
if this lady still has those tickets, I'm not sure I can pass them up... ROW G on Steely's side, umm heaven!
Hey Katherine, check our 'affiliate partners' for some great study abroad referrals. Affiliates is in our 'team' link :)
it's all good. I have an A- in that class. And my teacher is really cool
yea everybody got them imaginary haters out there.. You know how that go..
Someone hacked my Twitter. Wtf
Lol junior ask sandra when the next earthquake is gonna be lol i still got the vibrator packet and ready to go
Wished I still lived in DeLand. Sorry about all your difficulties. Is this the one right on ISB?
sweetie pie's
What if my name was, Arturo Picasso ;)
hey, I love you! Js.
free next Thurs? ThirstDC has a full Smithsonian line-up @ Bier Baron tavern! Come toast a scientist w/ me Apr. 26!
We ARE a little short of 1/32 Cherokee Indians.": Candy Says GOP Are 'Conservative White Guys Who..Protect Big oil
i never heard that song at all ! thats why i wasnt into it .. :)
So others are transformed. RT : . we have a duty to teach what we know.
just got out of kens bbq, heading home:) listening to one time by justin something its pretty cool(:
someone was trying to do a wave on opening day. You could have schooled them.
award for worst installation process ever... 7 calls to service and 3 appointments.. Worst experience ever. #AT&T
Please feel free to watch , she joins us this week on
OMG thank you!!!! I want to cry because I'm really happy <3
just dm'ed you... its important hahahaha sorry to bother you buddy:)
Well since it's March 16th the day between The Ides of March & St. Patricks Day I'm going to do a drawing so make sure you tell your friends
Thanks for the shout out ;)
You lion like Nala nigga, you know where to find a nigga!
Visit more often! It is ultra gorgeous now - patio weather and NO mosquitos :)
RIP Adam Yauch. We'll jam Licensed to Ill today.
i wonder if anyone is doing a study about how US trending topics are racist and sexist? seriously makes me sick.
Omg I have tennis practice tomorrow morning:O Oh Dear Lord._.
But why is Jennifer Lopez- Dance Again my pre-summer.. song of the pre-summer. Gurl is just gettin' us ready! we need another ON THE FLOOR
my nyc taxi driver was puerto rican. ain't seen too many of those around. playing some good salsa.
In 6 weeks, 6 families got the $10,000 bonus. Soon, after hearing THIS call from tonight it will be six $10,000 bonuses EVERY...SIX DAYS.
That's more-or-less the plot of Tick Tock, this year's RCSFF award winner for story & worldbuilding.
in convention center at trade show.
Heh. You too, huh?
Finally over.
#FF EVERYONE FOLLOW NOW!!
Why am I still up I really need to go to sleep
hahaha imma upgrade soon ass!!! Lol so what my Honda comes through ;)
FRIENDS! We are looking for folks for TEAR DOWN 10-midnight on Sat. we need some bodies from 5-7ish tomorrow too
Omg 6 minutes to #desperatehousewives the last episode ever <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
great shoot with you today! you rocked! mi amigo
someone should dm flirt me im sad
What u idiots & retards n Twitter world don't realise is that amber cole video is categorized as child pornography!u r PEdophiles
Happy Easter to all who celebrate. Happy Passover to all who celebrate. Peace to all.
New Museum Alert! University of Utah's $102.5 million Natural History Museum. Model of public/private funding and LEED Gold...
:So did you hook yourself up with the one nugget? lol I see you!
Big bottie Tony and his cusin Jojo would come to my house ! x]
LOL! RT : I feel like Spammers don't try anymore. They've lost their passion for art of SPAM. 15 emails from "qprd" in a row.
I want the whole world to know that is the most beautiful woman ever . :) <3 XOXO cc:
J Lo and J Lin - they both took the subway to get to rehearsals before they hit big.
too bad you are not at #ncmpr2012 hope all is well. San Fran is awesome!
Rebecca Black Has A Beautiful Voice Seriously. But I Don't Know Why She Wasted It On A Fuckery Of A Song ''Friday'' She's Whack.
Things don't always go smoothly and when they don't, you deal with the cards you are dealt. I'm dealing with them...
HAPPY HALLOWEEN!! Pumpkin Pie lattes and silly costumes today?
yea it's at the zoo where Faye killed that sheep for her fur coat! ROTFL!!! *inside joke*
I know I gotta come over
photoshop//plastic surgery and diet for pictures
#irallstars Many steps , stakeholders in switch from paper to digital theses. Payoff is much faster access to student work.
That awkward moment when someone asked you if you had tripped, No I didn't trip, the floor looked like it needed a hug.
Happy Leap Day!!! The countdown has begun 6 more days until I'm back at ! What's your favorite jazz standard?
Don't overdue it. t will eventually get done.It moves pretty fast once you start sewing the wedges.
For the record: rubbing alcohol took the ink off of the dryer drum pretty handily.
lost ALL my contacts. dm me your numbers :)
"Look at how ugly I was?! Hahahaha" " Was?"
Paypal is a bigger crook than BofA, so if they go thru with the blackout grab your money out first...
i followed the details, and am willing to relocate.
AirPlay, VoiceOver coming with Apple TV 4
the only team im worried about kicking OKC out of the final's run, is SA SPURS. that will be tuff! ive said that for while.
Damn those are sweet seats!!!
Book Blurb: Debut novel "Portnoy's Complaint for girls." -
After several days of packing and throwing shit away I appear to have MORE crap than I started with? Where's my lighter, I need to end this.
what's star wars yoga? I wanna do it.
Please text 109603 to 73774 (PEPSI) to vote for 's Foundation's after school pogram to receive a grant from
Great win Heat!
Live out of your imagination, not your history.-Stephen Covey
Cuz dey hot!! I wanna know y we are so quick 2 go with light skin exotics women & not dark skins women? How do u women feel?
i hate my name so much. like, why couldn't my parents name me taylor or a pretty name. WHERE DA FUCK DO YOU GET AUDRA FROM THO.
Just getting in
not MY facts. Sports Illustrated. Ball is harder to grip in dry CO air (even #7 say that). Manning struggling w/ grip.
i doubt im haunted
Hello Delana: Thanks for the follow.
I'm ready for tomorrow!! Lol
True, but any violence Wilders' presence could incite wld originate w/ the Imams, not with him. He has never proposed violence
Make sure to listen the Makaras Pen channel on Pandora.com
lol :D this....made my day
*stretches, clicks off tv* that was....hm *gets up, rubs tummy when it growls* oh yea, food. That might be good
Time for some Hardcore Devo.
This is why I aint no hypebeast
I have lots of feelings about consent issues, looking for more people to talk to it about IRL as opposed to just on the internetz.
I wanna rock your body!
where to begin? Jon and Kate, Jersey Shore cast, Kardashians (although I secretly like them), Hiltons, anyone from The Hills
I just saw an enormous head near the
RT : In order to get to, you have to go through! Relentless pursuit!
Just had 1st InCopy use, on a bulletin. Went great, saved me about 4 rounds of tiny corrections--still did alignment fixes, tho.
6 more days till DC!
when will we get word on "pending" for this saturdays comedy central awards
I'm gone off that Indica my nigga
YO TALK TO ME
Thanks for the RT! :) How's the NYC travel blogging crew?
Sadly, I miss the singing when it doesn't happen, so you are in no danger there.
another great piece of journalism you dumb motherfucker.
You're Whacker! Lls
now how that's gone happen???
it's your birthday!!! This is fantastic!!! Treat yourself well noww! :)
#NowWatching.....The Wood
Third now and quickly approaching half way thru: where are the jobs (1 of 2)
"alliance of poles"
Any memories of college you want to share with the world? Best time of your life?
Diamondbacks-Rockies Preview
Hello February. You and I have some bad blood in our past.
TIROS! WHOEVER wins gets the ticket
Thanks for the RT ! You rock. And, you are my first ever RT. Yea! I hope life is treating you well.:-)
I hope you are having a great time!!!!!
you could always apologize for calling me an a-hole...I'm certainly done though
#WorstRapLineEver I goes by the name of...
This is what gives me hope.
I'm not a white/black girl.....
In this world, all we have is time sometimes - "The American Dream"
I'm not a medical person but I am a mom. I think it depends on the type. HIV is not always passed,I think it would be similar
You *know* fancy nancy can throw down, though.
You're never alone. I'm always with you . Goodnight babe.
Beautiful day on #CollegeofCharleston campus. Just saw Coach Bobby Cremins and his wife!
why library experience required? I was totally new to libraries when I started.
Follow for a solo shoutout RT if you did
Opposition i meant creek
What is this advisor deal?
On the way to Wilmywood - kids are sleeping :)
who is the milw radio star is it
Yes, I'm playing the THONG SONG on . What of it?
Fashion show = huge success! Thank u AllAccessMedia Stay tuned 4 mor events b2u by
RT : Kudos to for winning publisher's "Make Rochester Great Award" for volunteer work in #ROC. // Yay Todd!
thank u <3
Great workout. Love when the gym isn't packed.
What is more painful than missing your family, and you know that you are not going to meet them for another eight months?
Goodnite tweeters n Cameronaters. BTW if I tweet random words like "Start" or "Stop" Its cuz Im using twitter tweets from my fone Im si ...
- creator of the Sims is now on Twitter. Big SimCity fan. Excited to see - his new sci-fi show on current.
Thx for the help!
turns out we need to track a few more vocals, but good call! Stay tuned.
I only moved three blocks away but I'm no longer in my favorite sushi place's delivery zone. :(
It's sort of pathetic how easily movies and book make me cry
I had never felt this way before.
An epcot center for adults
more like superDUD.
No Line Dance Party tonight in the swamp. Here's wishing us a sunny week next week!
every one play bioshock 2 for ps3 or xbox 360 it a 9.5 out of 10 on the rateing scale
CBS promo just said if you go to their website and answer questions about 2nites show, you could win tix to next year. :-)
Happy Birthday girl! xo -Brit
Ok, so the kids bought me Laverder bubble bath 4 mothers day. I'm not N2 Lavender smells, but they're just sitting around waiting 4 me 2 <f0><U+009F><U+009B><U+0080>
I have had plenty of AntiMerger discussions with people I respect and who's opinions I value, just not in the past 24 hours! :)
Getting ideas about eval presentation next yr! Vis and commun voices re ?- what can museums do that no other org can
wont seventeen forever, we can get away with this tonight.
thanks alot for the feature guys...really appreciate it!
It's sad, I'm 32 and have never voted. Just printed out my registration form so I can support guys like and
I know what I was feeling, but what was i thinking?
Gettin' fat and happy at Doumar's.
Yay! made it to the chopper safely after biking to Timmerman.
I support Gay Marriage.
Settling back into the NYC lifestyle
Boutta' hit up the beach with the fambam! (: Have a great Mothers Day everyone!
I think I might be in hibernation mode this weekend as it will be quite frigid.
got a loft right now, you excited? YOU EXCIIIITEEEEDDDDDDDDD *in my abel voice*
I SEE YA PIMPINNN
Thanks for following!
Is it too early to talk about Russian Vodka + Caviar? Good, I didn't think so. is where it's at.
Thanks! RT : S/O MY NEW FOLLOWERS
"Maybe he's my cousin in marriage and it doesnt really matter." #Cheaters brings out the best in people.
You are the reason for my smiles(:
poor Walter... <U+E403>
That awkward moment when you are trying to explain to someone how a song goes, but you don't really want to sing it.
or a country band
Not sure what it says about my priorities when I'm kind of wishing I weren't en route to vacation so I could explore Google+ more.
Don't you love going to spend time with soneone and being completely ignored? Yea me either.
when people think its cool to make a smart remark, about somebody to hurt there feelings. just to be cool. well its not, its horrible.
Could you please give Sherman Jr High in Wv a shoutout? (: Go Tide[:
That noise? Oh that was just the sound of all of my ancestors rolling in their graves...
Jackson and I stunt outta control too.
see you there! “: Eastlake hosts #PenniesforPrevention event today at 5 p.m. with "
How does a man show he's planning for the future? He buys two cases of beer instead of one.
Giving a presentation hungover fri morning <<<<
Merry Christmas to all my facebook friends and family!! And may you have a Blessed year!!
Good morning :D
No person was ever honored for what he received. Honor has been the reward for what he gave. -Calvin Coolidige
Were you able to get in? if not try emailing with subject "ebooks2011." let us know...
View the Bay Area at 1300 feet up, in a ship that is 1 of only 2 in the world. Paul takes off with Airship Ventures, Sat (1/15/11) @ 8:30pm
Lol awesome I jus need 693 more followers to catch up with u guys o.O -___-
yes I have met him several times. Cool guy.
Shout out to and Judy Warnement of Harvard MCZ and botany libraries. Thanks Janet!
so hung over =[
Happy Holidays!
I swear I think I am "Lara Croft" these days. She is my idol. I aim to be her. lmao!
Flat tire in the rain... I be damn its 1 am in the morning.
i miss yuh
Hi <3 This page is dieing down , but its not dead. <3 SO please spread the word about this page. <3 ... -McKenzie <3 A.K.A Louis <3<3<3
HOT SAUCE!!!
The other day I answered the first survey I've ever encountered that offered a fill-in-the-blank option for "Gender." I feel so free.
The Proper Angle is in my top ten all time favorites! I need to get The Charmer...
That's right Mr President, we need more infrastructure! American Jobs Act
St. Patty's Day Donation Weekend at Champions Pub Milwaukee! BE THERE! March 16th-20th
weekend shouldn't go by so damn fast :/
If someone were to buy me one I'd be eternally grateful, I wanna start playing again...
Can't wait to join you there!!! :)
lol I'm referring to the *addition* of chipotle dressing.
Thanks to all my new followers :) I followed u all back!!!
I just realized I crossed 3,000 followers today...that's pretty cool :)
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH SELENA!!!!! <3333 ;)
Haha, I love 80 degree weather in February!
That's fantastic news, congrats!!
Imma sleep soon
I believe that you believe you are right. I truly do.
You are not a beautiful or unique snowflake
YEAH!! hahahaha...very good video, and you have to watch a video called Animal Disturbed
It was a Youtube day at the shop today..... Keenan Cahill, Antoine Dodson, and of course Anjelah Johnson..... funny shit! Keenan ROCKS!
Ran a mile at Planet Fitness today, lifted weights and did some ab workouts.
yes i love that game. ps sorry about your jazz i was cheering like mad in the last minute
“: Huh ? RT : Nice win. Great to b a part of it.” meaning to b on the team.
I think your cute, but I don't have the audacity to tell you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Love is blind we all have to live and learn<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0098>
omg im jealous!!!!
i nnnneeeeeeeeeddd it.
Thanks for the great editing job on my call haha. It sounded a bit more polished in my head! Great pocast again guys, thanks!
Have I told you guys how much you rock! got your cards and pics today, so cute! Can't wait to see you guys again!
yeah mine's pretty bad. it stayed at 1,382 for like 2 weeks and then it just went down. and it's weird too because
Trying my very best not to cry right now.
Very humbled by Chairman Newman's remarks on my departure. I appreciate him and The wonderful party activists.
It takes courage for you to be you.
I assume you already have a joke about the Pulitzers, and their puny $10k prize.
The goal is to fix and submit this project before I have a mental breakdown.
Fun to watch Blackhawks win!!!
did u evr makes comments about mick jaggers age when stones performed.
Hey Mahomies :) .. How many of y'all are also One Direction fans?? ~Leanne<21
thanks for the heads up, hopefully it wont happen again
Summer sports keep getting better, especially world cup and olympic years, not to mention baseball, golf and tennis
first time visit last night, will be making a return visit. #greatfood&drink
NO! PSY 3351 is still required.
Remember, there is always tomorrow, and good friends : Why do I feel so terrible right now?
Oh you know just hatin life
Thank you for the RT today, wishing you a great evening.
Please like this Page!!!!!
Yes, is the Head of College (Powell) Library and in charge of the award.
They never do. Haha, same stuff happens to me too! #tallgirlbenefits <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Funny pix! How do we get invited to THAT party???
And the irony in that, is i aint even that
where i live at is soo good..go to the beach every hot day..and do lots of things in florida:)
I put off Mother's Day for a week so I can grade papers. :)
Rally's burger nightcap.
100 tweets/hr or 1000/day they wont let you tweet for a couple of hrs RT : What is this Twitter Jail I keep hearing about?
Almost done with gettin everything for prom
said family comes first. So hes going back to his fam
I caught your cameo on The Rachel Zoe Project last night - prom dress makeovers for #blahgirls!
Fairly productive day, going to enjoy the nice weather tomorrow! GHW Gym Haircut Work
How did you send this?
At CUT recording latest Sam's Club radio spot...
Inbox current: 22; Inbox goal: 0 --- GO!
This is what I'm reading and should check out the chppo
UX Designers and Architects needed in Houston. Email me for more info
Remember to breathe. We take this for granted. Breathe deeply everyday. We are a society of computer users & posture inhibits deep breathing
Getting back on track this week.
I will come back to LA in April for couple of days then Dallas after that. It will be nice to see u when I get back
I will not bow, I will not break, I will shut the world away..
Get your GREEN products for some St Pattys love!
I hate myself!! :(
Heard the new Alanis Morissete song on the radio this morning. The 15-yr-old inside of me got really excited :)
nigga yes you are that thing is... m RT : I'm not >.< RT : David is lying
great to hear of growth at Engagement Game Lab!
Great talk on ARPA-E this AM: the ARPAs don't just do blue sky projects, but create complementary technologies & supporting communies.
School needs to end faster.....
Good Morning
The #US ranks first in the world when it comes to putting people behind bars, per capita
Tear down the wall! Tear down the wall! Tear down the wall! Tear down the wall! Tear down the wall! Tear down the wall!
Fukked up at this place
facebook or email whichever is easier for u
Happy Leap day!! What are you doing with your extra day?
Gorgeous pic San Diego is so pretty.
Icon Credit to <U+2665>
There's a major voyeuristic / stalker / obsession culture on Tumblr. Unhealthy. Reminds me of some MySpace era subcultures.
Freaking fire alarms
we can watch titanic in 3d at Columbus
Talking on the bus in the morning should not be permitted.
no idea - it's not a chain so I couldn't get much info. Supposedly New York style. I'm keeping my fingers crossed.
rough week already?
hey buddy, how's it goin'?
and our iPhones!
manny, manny ... I don't know how I can deal with him lol
Friday Night...Almost time to Rock n' Roll!!!
Go Giants!!!
Well i am just soo sorry, that your soo boring i had to unfollow you:P
Darn you, Minnesota. I love you but you need to let winter GO. RT : Did anyone else hear SNOW for #aam2012 ?!!?!?
Not sure I'd give Ryan Braun a night off against the Cardinals. Although, a three game sweep without him in the lineup would be amazing.
i swear CCR songs get better with every listen. a rare thing...
I would assume four to five hundrer per square but I don't know the pricing there ...
haha :D thank u!
Martin Scorsese's Casting Office is back w/ Meghan Rafferty Thursday, 3/31/11. She looks for all types for upcoming projects!
When did the Yankees sign Luis Castillo?
Been a long and great day!!!:D I cried when my friends came up to sing with me on the last song!!!:')
your welcome :)
This might possibly be the worst pain ever.
Packed TBLMS today w/ Self Proclaimed Rockstars, Daniel Harris, The Days Weight, Lowman and Kitchen Jams. Noon on
not really sure yet...probably sometime in February? It depends on gigs...or the lack thereof. lol
Instead of being a miserable METS fan, I think it's good to let GEE work this out- game is out of hand...let the kid figure it out!
Q9 I really had to learn how to open up and accept help, failure and success
hahaha you see all of them?
Mahalo Susan! Hope you are having a nice wkend!
True, you got me there, it is irresistible and such a great song. I guess there is no answer for you're sleep problems
He's growin on me now
hey! I'm good! How are you doing?
Breaking News - nobama speaking to about12 people in Reno, Nevada.
Can definitely see signs of the penumbra but sadly too much cloud cover to see much detail. Maybe it'll clear up before totality?
I hate texting you first becaise it makes me feel desperate and annoying
“The elementary steps are the ones always overlooked.”
Silly me... I thought this week was going to be less crazy than the last one. Ha!
I want to watch 30 Rock again.
I felt like such an old lady when I just caught myself complaining about how messy it was to dunk my cookie in milk...
what line lol and what happened to gucci mane I havent heard no mixtapes or nothin
Having an amazing view is kind of torture. OB is gorgeous and clear today, but I'm watching the waves through the window... while working :(
told you!
Thts awesome it's my last concert on wensday cause we end school on the 23rd and my promotion is on the 21st ^.^
Are we Brothers?
wondering when will stay home with the girls and *I* get to go to a game by myself?
I hope that theres specials
dance party time!!! most entertaining show ever! sunday night is now made.
There is no bad time to have a mentor. Ask yourself when meeting someone new, "what can they teach me?"
1994 called, they want their hats back rt : buzz on these New Era hats have not been positive. I'm surprised missed this much.
yeah the slow dance. n idk lmao i fergot but where uz?
Coaching is learning to guide, to direct .. & allow wisdom of the body to take over & be confident in our guidance.- Vern Gambetta
Go to bed hungry. Wake up hungry.
it's so cool :3
you could let me report hs football... That would be terrific!!
Sick -__- but I hope everything pans out so I can see my butt head tomorrow ;)
I knew you were smart the first time we talked. LOL
Versailles. Awesome cheap Cuban food and mojitos in plastic cups.
we love "The Middle" what don't you like about it? I hope your building is OK.
You're very welcome! Wish you could be here at #GenieFair2012 too.
#ThingsBlamedOnLeBron.... How AMAZING the Miami Heat are!!! RT if you agree!
Matt how much cap space do the niners have left? Enough to sign a guard to replace Snyder and draft picks?
6 more days till eminem's album comes out. Feels like i've been waiting forever
Go for a walk or bitch off to a friend.
My parents aren't letting me go today, because my car cannot even leave the driveway.
I figure 140 characters is about 130 too many for much of what I've read so far! <duck!>
Love the new avi and description!
So was I! Excellent photographer and styling team! :))
If I leave theatre, what will I have in common with all of you fine people? I should go be a toll booth op or security guard?
can't wait to see you at #wineriotnyc!
Peanut allergy friendly seats at Fenway Park www.youtube.com <U+200E>Boston Globe Peanut allergy friendly days make games more accessible for some.
ready for a great Gray family moment? Dad is watching the onion with John sitting behind him and it says...
BAM! Guess who's number ONE on google for "Buddhist seminary" right now! Five Mountain Buddhist Seminary - sweet!
Super! RT :The bigger version is going to be called the iMaxiPad."(via ( via )
Dylan Gold Wins the Second Season of “Macy’s Million Dollar Makeover with Clinton Kelly”
Hey Jeff!
There are no less than 15 cops on foot at my train stop and a mobile police station in the lot. Not sure what that's all about...
Story of my life!
#titletalk Loved Scorpio Races & based on Welsh legends. Main characters development - growing up, coping liked
panel at #Brown #Medical #school was vry meaningful, with a very #diverse #group that helped #healthcare #professionals understand
THE BEST DAY OF MY LIFE. <3333
Enjoying a bottle of EFFEN Vodka @ Spy Bar... Got to love those Latin Beats Spy Bar Sunday Nights...
Happy Birthday!!! Live it up lady!
Apparently she's offline. Maybe me showing up was the last straw.
About to enjoy a cocktail with Rachel's Ginger Beer ! Can't wait. Rachel is a sweetie. Also a happy client! :)
Perfect, I'm going to share it later. Thanks :)
's not skill thats true skill
Mike, didn't c u @ Jazz Fest last Sat. We were there on Jackson @ 4pm-5pm. Hope 2cu @ Allerton or wonder bar again soon. xo
i know I should have, didn't leave the office until 6:15pm and still had to grocery shop. who all went?
and I will be hosting #21CRadio tweet chat again this Thurs at 6PST! Watch for ticket giveaways!
i am so happy! gotsa hang wif kathy and katrina! yesterday, junie, andrew, krystal, and kirsten came over! haha so funn! :D
Know anyone in the radio/internet industry looking for a killer talk/music/comedy show? www.freekshowradio.com
so you guys hang out together when I'm on a different continent...at dc9. why does this never happen in real life?
the ONLY ceiling art at Fudpuckers :)
Strengthen me by sympathizing with my strength not my weakness - Amos Bronson Alcott
everyday, that's all I do :) RT
ik but sombdy just tryd snapping on me so ...i got one
I cant stop listening to 11:11 its so awesome(: Great job<3 Hey can u wish me luck on my french exam tomorrow? (: XOXO
At the with
Currently have 1 video view in Iraq, Russia, South Africa, and Saudi Arabia, but I won't rest till riot porn lands in Madagascar.
Did you know, spending MORE on branding during a recession will bring a bigger return on your dollar!
I've had that happen to me!
East End Big Hop Harvest & Black Strap Stout secured for the game tonight. Drink Fresh, Drink Local! Drink Black & Gold!!
Want to be the next Anderson Cooper? #NABEFCareerFair next week in Las Vegas
Miss my
yep. running the half.
#SLUAmerStudies Visual Culture Conference meeting tomorrow, Thurs, Feb. 2 at 11 in the Kolmer Room. Finalizing CFP & Keynote Speaker invite
Sign on the Engr library entrance "Note: surveillance cameras are used to protect students and faculty at the university."
of molehills u hit me twice yea but whos counting i may have hit u 3 time im startin to loose count but together well live forever we found.
does it again at
My bad I know this ain't usually ya scene...
ok, i'll do all these chores. its only 43563227 degrees out. :l
Reading group (in preparation for Kiri Miller's upcoming event) meets today at 2:30 in FergH 85. Let's talk about video game music!
#iwoulddoanythingfor my family there my life <3
whats wrong Madster? I dont like these tweets. U're not alone as long as im livin. Ha =]
I'm going to start a Blog and its only going to cover my daily bowel movements.
haha no, just living in the future!
As #corporate silos come to life, innovation slowly dies.
Lazy ,cozy Sunday morning. Now to bake some cookies!!
You is love
im just packing so i can move easier in july
America at crossroads: Will the crazies in the congress let the mighty fall?
i think Dr. King's dream is slowly being realized-people will be judged by the content of their tweets & posts
That is the coolest thing I've ever heard.
Its so funny how the people who know the least about you, have the most to say.
OH! Now it's "trickle down government" with the worn out lie, "He made things worse". These guys don't stop,
Just realized what a weird name Teletubbie is.......
is signing baseballs Herald Square today w/purchase of limited edition <How does it smell?
Sadly there is always someone that'll do what you won't, for less . . .
I don't understand why people hate on famous people's music, acting, etc. They. Are. Famous. They make more money than you're worth.
Love it! "You scrutinize every word you write. Yes, there is a difference between “over” and “more than!”"
No...I am trying to stay away from carbs...but love pretzels...lol!
We meet again Bloomington. I have not missed your poorly planned city streets and horribly inept and dangerous drivers.
RT Fear makes strangers of people who would be friends. ~Shirley Maclaine :) Great social media quote!
I'm in my own zone!
I will follow back if U follow me and My 2 friends and I will give u a follow back if u do !!!
Does anyone listen to Obama these days ?
You know what? To hell with the Lakers. We want this more.
Duh. See you there.
what is it?
The weather outside is delightful (:
an I found those other $2 bills
So "Cabin in the Woods" ending credits are set to NIN "Last". That automatically gives this movie at least 4 stars.
#BoyzTweetMeMaybe was awesome so much swagg
welcome and what you been up too?
like why am I still here...reading your tweet. LOL! I'm just off task. It's going to be a long day.
oh was confused at first playas means beaches in spanish (ask karis ) thought ur at the beach
Our free shuttle bus takes you from the main terminal to the station. It picks up outside Baggage Claim 4.
#earlymorning once again tomorrow...
Why do we need algebra? Finding X is only useful if you're a pirate.
I actually originally thought I might just start accepting beat submissions and forward anything interesting to Chris.
Let's go #AZTECS! ... ya chumps.
happiest customer ever! lawrence in customer service took amazing care of me!
Saw The Fighter yesterday. Great movie, acting, and detail. The best cocaine segment. All teenagers should see two or three times
#mcdonalds was a mistake. I meant #dwts. :) I love me some milkshakes though...strawberry please.
God didn't bring us this far to let us fell... God believes in you.
i love u niall the album came out successful even though u didn't get many solos u still rock the Irish accent
I am so bad that when he left the room I tried to wipe more on there. I'm gonna burn...
Oh, any design(y) people. I'm hoping to get more design people mixed in with the tech group I normally hang with.
Your Manny really does look like the pumpkin, spectacular! I know it's kinda an old reference.... Happy Thanksgiving
Thrilled to be chosen as Keynote Speaker for Art Institute's graduating Class of 2012!
Benefits of Long-Term Exercise Eating Nuts Reduces Total Cholesterol and LDL Does Brain Training Improve Cognitive Abilities?
Bromigo from has maple. means drawn from the wood (maple syrup). Both are delicious
The walk upstairs to my room is the slow walk of death to execution for batteries. Farg.
Now, now, didn't mean to make you cry, carry on, carry on.
I have no money on ITunes but I will listen to 1:30 of it Over and Over again! For you(:
u want what lol
Show me
wow, heard song on mainstream radio...... really proud but really miss the old music too!!!
I just lost my bestfriend&it really hurts to think bout everythin we did together:)how i wish she wasnt gone:\
Hey you're in my hometown! Go Bulls!
Avengers was awesome
idk u just tell me who u are !
I love you so much that I'd curbstomp anyone who did you wrong
Yeah, Cody mentioned it on his page though, but it's next week so it'll be here before we know it! :D
Can't wait to see you either! I'm hoping to make it to the tailgate by 11...but still owes me the details.
#KSsynapse Zoghbi: Has conducted in vivo field recordings in behaving MeCP2 mutant mice, looking at plasticity, theta and gamma rhythms.
it is evil
I hope school goes well. Are there good spec ed programs in OR? My son did so much better once he had some classroom accomodations.
Fake people
Really can't wait for the weekend, 49ers may surprise people !
but you were supposed to let me know when you could hangout , loser!
Thank you for saying that, and we hope more and more people check out your music!
I agree with Sizzle. He's a douche.
ha! You might be on to something.
lol i screamed when i got them too!
"a lot of people really like my music, just not many people want to be in a band with a sex offender"
hello ,haw are you ?
So has Huff Post officially become a "Cathy" cartoon? To wit, this Tweet: "Swimsuit shopping doesn't have to be so scary." I feel...
Mommy is spending a lot of time in the kitchen....I think there is something going on.....grunt. Oh well, time for my before dinner nap
how was the food? Any recommendations?
Home from The Avengers. Good movie. Very tired. Bleargh.
practice tomorrow with & :D oh what fun!!!
#bieberabdc in T-29 MINUTES!!!! :D
I'm so sleepy.
Indie bands & artists know it's not all about the downloads. You still need CDs & tees to sell at gigs. Think about it.
Create with exciting intentions today!
you at bsu?
you know whaaaa
HAPPY MOTHERSDAY TO ALL MOMS!
Game 6 of Rangers-Capitals is 7:30 p.m. ET on Wednesday.
#TinaFey and #BradleyCooper ? Doesn't really work for us..
Wish I could be there, love watching guys suck and fuck.
"ACOUSTIFY"-To convert a popular/unpopular song into an acoustic driven rendition performed by a young caucasian male named Benjamin Baker.
Sign of the times: All land lines removed from U.Va. dorms.
Consumer protection will be strengthened if the US regulates Internet #poker. Does the Administration support?
Following and then unfollowing me a day later
Rock on, sir! You're my hero!
What a great idea! Yahoo, please hire as top guy!
I wonder if misses performing songs from The Monster Ball Tour..
I know, I was like oh wow okay...I'll follow you too
I love when coordinators who love me are closing...
We had the most amazing #photogenic weather this week. I had my camera out... did you?
Are you still in Austin? Dinner plans?
I really hate overtime
wwhheeww! Forgot about that one! Lol. Perhaps not quite as elegant;)
^tl It ready come and get it... Remember @ Peace & a Cup of Joe you can order from anywhere and we'll have it waiting for you...
I agree! He was hysterical! And good 2 meet u irl!
Headed to West Point for a college visit.
STOP! Spammer
My son is also special needs.
a woman's instincts are scarily accurate.
I wish I was dead.
Get crazy get wild Let's party get loud if you wanna have fun then do something crazy LMFAO GET CRAZY
Who loves big Texas hair?
Would you revise your SEC Heisman list now that Petrino's gone? Does #3 Knile Davis move up (more reliance on run) or down?
good luck!
Memphis all the way!
Come get a beer...or 10, at Jackie O's tonight.
but there's a lot of them?!? Lol
it's good your doing the right thing Booboo! Gnight.
We are very excited about it as well. Looking forward to meeting all the great people helping improve kids environments.
MY NAME IS ROMO AND I NEED SOME MORE FOLLOWERS! :D
Amdnes rock bsqiat crown patches/ summer day/ red handed ws paintin my name up in de alleyway/ guard smokin reefer/ did my blackbook reserch
Ugh I have to go home and pay my bills. Back to being broke I go.
Exciting day today
things a 12 year old wont say: i'm so mad! my mom didnt buy me a book." sorry guys but i say that. im nerdy and i know it
I know right!(:
thanks for the business!
Good morning!!!
#nowplaying Knives and Pens- Black Veil Brides
WHO TOLD YOU HOW WE GET INTERNS!
Hi, my name is Sana and you smell like rainbows... I mean my name is Sana and you smell like rainbows. LOL x
I wish that I can have this moment for life. And, in this moment I just feel so alive.
lol reminds you of home haha
hi Adam:] how r u? Have a amazing week! I love u and your musics! #RT or reply Adam? You sing very well!
I love Young Homie! It has such a great message! It just shows that a song doesn't have to have sex or drugs to make it good:)
Stopped by for new Beach House release. All free stuff gone; "while supplies last" indeed. S'okay. It's the music I wanted.
Holy s!!! Did u see what happen to
Chillin with the boys
Always cracks me up!
So you liked that fence jump did Ya ?
Haven't heard back from , but assume it's a go. If no, taxi Meet in lobby?
RokkinCat will develop your ideas into usable apps.
More tweets about gigs! Happy hour today with Mambo Blue. 5-7pm, free. Sat., salsa w/Orquesta De Kache @ UW Union.
I'm not disagreeing with that, but I'm not going to say that you can or can't anything. All drafts are unique
Good afternoon tweeps. I pray that all of u have a blessed Sunday today
Email us or call us at 404.629.5200 about saving up to 40% on your printer, fax, and copier cartridges
I got accepted into The University of Tampa!!
Centennial, williamwette, cascade and nugget
Apparently a loud, misinformed minority has taken control of the debate...sigh
dey good bro i been doin tha same shyt working n cumming home. how your lil girl doin bro??
Office space >
James Jones time
"With a mighty battle cry "SPOON!! strikes terror into the hearts of all Evil Doers who dare do evil."
My son woke up suddenly tonight and said "There's a basement in the attic!" ... and then fell back asleep.
Welcome all Upcoming Rockstars
Oy! Already had a call from Delaney's daycare - she isn't taking her bottle. Should have practiced that more at home... :(
've been to Raleigh 3 times. A magnificant place with much to do and see. Lovely people. I think this is a karmatic home.
Apologizing for the lack of Twitterization for the past 3 weeks. The recession is busted up over here, like Dexter got to it or something.
At least he is trying to warn others.
Lol, i didn't know you went to state. You were looking Kesha fierce girl.
Any cooleygoers out there - are we doing SOAPStone on the speech or of the actual memoir night? Please help!
Thanks for checking into us on #Yelp David! We hope you enjoyed your time eating at Oz!
hey man...thanks 4 follow
Filtering porn prominent issue for BlackBerry's RIM
i wish i had friends that hungout with me.
ATTENTION ALL: Unfortunately due to scheduling issues the Woodfish's performance at Great Adventure for June 22 at 7:45 has been postphoned
Bout to roll my first blunt for tonight !
is representing by providing our signature facials and 5 minute manicures that are ultra luxe salt & oil scrub
G'morning back at u. Enjoy ur day.
Sun burnt + baseball game = soreness all over
Hey, never hurts to ask!
Hedy Weiss is still doing Chicago Tonight theater reviews on
You never won't know what you can't achieve before you don't achieve it #21JumpStreet hahahaha #uhwhat #themost lmao
Did we forget to mention it's our 2 year anniversary tonight at our new location?
repair that screw face... pronto...
Graduation in 34 days
Me too. I have been reading. o.o
thank u. guys chill w the here I am- ur buds know - we might love u but we don't care! hate to unfollow #foursquare overload
I Got Philly Fucking Wit The Kid!! #Salute to the whole Philly!!
nigga you gay:)
Jason Spaniol is God.
Stupid, ignorant question: are there [good] vegan cupcakes?
Would love to! :)
wow manchester city is having a field day oh no
I am tha bachelor
Must pay attention to those minor characters. They get a life of their own and will surprise you.
Going to play baseball and seeing antonio banderas!
u look fine :) lol
Today is the big day! Hope to see you at the Inspire by Example Celebration at 11am. Celebrating Volunteerism today and everyday!!!
I need food>
seriously, I have their Vit. C Serum-which I am obsessed with-their silver powder & glycolic face wash!
Wow. Hard to believe only 1 party guest behind this; in any event, fraternity should also be held to account for its guests.
I should be happy about this... Right?
I gave up, watching SNL instead. Would rather be seeing the
i did a cover of "practice' on my ukulele and made a remix beat. check it out
I should totally stand out there in June when my baby gets his Olympic 7s
No need to thank me. Saw that in my feed and couldn't let it slide. :) Hope all is well. Oh, and my tarantula says hi!
#I swear you will neva catch me smokin im already high
Confidence is a women's best quality
you ain't alone on that Hahaha.
Alumni exemption?
Exhausted busy day
wow thats nuts you get to go to the roxy on prom jk yeah im a graphic designer nyah. wat bout you?
I hope it's not just a little too soon for that....
the movie answers that question actually--when the rebels come back for Ofelia they find the door of chalk drawn on the wall.
How was everyone's Spring Break?
better than finding 20 dollars in your jacket pocket
Hi we received your taster app for our next event however you aren't following us so we can't DM you if u r selected.
Thank you.
is it really snowing?!
If I say 1214 Sansom, you say?
If someone puts me on hold for more than 5 minutes, I usually just hang up, lol.
Pet peeve: STOP THE WHITEOUTS #NHLplayoffs! Home teams don't wear white anymore, so now you're showing solidarity with the visitors.
Shaun of the Dead with these beers.
Beale is so packed!!
Lesson to people on the wait list. Going up to the host stand 80 times is not going to open up a table.
Still in Cali this morning chilling with my uncle drinkin coffee getting ready to head back to that Az heat. Harley ready to roll.
What a long day
i finnaly ca,e home last nite. cant wait for to nite :D
I miss Jake. I'm ready for him to come home from the doggy hospital.
thanks! If I make change them again, he may kill me. Glad they're worth it.
No magic number or standard metric yet in social media... Yet!
Good pick, I don't hate it.
MoZer Bat question of the day: Do you think Pete Rose should be inducted in the Hall of Fame?
what happened to their poor legs?!
No shot in hell I'm missing a weekend of work to run a 5K.
JAKEEEEY OMFG. I MISS U LIKE..miss talking to you :( in a month we can talk again kay? ok buhbye bby love you :)
miss my brother !
Be a good role model - wear a seat belt, use a helmet, and avoid texting in the car.
Big wedding yesterday now itz a party at my house later to day so I might sneak on and see wats up...TTYL
YES! Entourage! Sign-making?
another night to make a hoe holler
I swear, my sister is TRYING to piss me off. She's doing a good job .___.
Oh hot damn, this is my jam. Keep on partyin 'til the AM.
#HCM2012 comes to a close. Big shout outs to , , #hertz, #coke, #hyatt, and all the great speakers and press.
Today would be a good day to hang out at the beach
Maxwell! he's multi-talented for sure
Never apologize for telling the truth
Seattle looking great today
Game right after school? Pack a snack ahead of time so have something healthy to eat between, eat high carb, moderate protein & low fat
Actually *less* cynical about it now. RT : Had anyone heard about this campaign at the time it happened?
in Bloomingdale with residents and stake holders for ribbon cutting ceremony.
Fifty-six percent of all women carry condoms. The other 44% carry babies.
Up super early what should I do? Ill cook breakfast
I think we should exchange epic "studying for finals in #lawschool" photos. My reading week is Nov 22-29. Could be entertaining. <3
Live music tonight 7-10pm with ! Don't miss his acoustic set!
Second year in a row not paying attention to March Madness. I get my basketball fill from
Only two answers back so far in my great debate query today. 1 for, 1 against. must keep asking.
Would you call Wainright's curve a 80 or 70?
no dylan i miss you, i havent seen you in like 474%373838 years
Sincere Thank You to everyone who filled out a survey for our group yesterday. We will be posting another group later today
oh no
Aaaaaaaaaaaaggghh!!!!!!!!! Snow scary!!!!!! (For more unmitigated panic, please consult your local news.)
that's genius. i'd love to have the recipe.
I really do love physical comedy, but that movie looks like crap.
I'm working on a spring/summer speakers series, with some interesting tech talks coming to the Smithsonian community.Perhaps you have ideas?
I think you should threaten people so they'll follow me! ;D
Sometimes your best investments are the ones you don't make. ~ Donald Trump
Tuesday is a forgotten day, everyone talks about Mon., Wed. & Fri..we can make Tuesdays standout in a good way by accomplishing goals 2day!
absolutely chucking it up in south forsyth today. However, it is only over a couple miles though as everywhere else is dry.
awesome! Should be a good time! Hopefully not to much rain. Looking forward to meeting you!
They are like a continuous bouncing ball. Train consistently and give them room to run.
Some of the greater things in life are unseen; thats why you close your eyes when you kiss, cry, or dream.
RT : We'll be over, for sure!!! Cool set-up guys!!!
I love Lauren!
oh no!
Its times like these I wish I was recording our conversations...
Whichever you it is, doesn't improve the movie, which i remember as a rainy crying mess unrelated to the storybook.
Lovie Smith's book title: Stumbling Towards Victory.
You know it! : Someone out there is a kindred spirit. There is a restaurant gift card registry for couples Foodieregistry.com
Achievement unlocked: own every James Bond movie.
Haters they get stepped on
why wasn't sveum hired by the brewers? please explain.
I know! Especially the Yale database that finally adds the functionality of Amazon to image searching.
the most powerful element of any audition is the ability to create a living relationship with a reader that you have never met.
I'll be there with you in sunny San Diego enjoying #afta11 for the first time!
I woke up at 4 with that in my head. Then I woke up just for fun.
all the sweatshirts I am interested in are unavailable, do you know when they will be available?
jealous! Mine are far from blooming. But took day off work to
man my eyes stay red
i like that name. colton. its got zing. colton!
At the concert at the Metro, she had vaginas sewn onto her dress. It was kind of awesome.
Library Film Festival at 7 pm, April 3, Room 104, Mullins Library. Public viewing of Children of Men (2004)
#dedicationtomyex--------- It was easier to turn love into friendship, than friendship into love.
I don't know; I'll get used to it though. Where ever I move to, I'll sleep better.
Follow us on Twitter
Have you heard of a Baker's Breakfast? It's a mix of bagels, muffins, croissants and signature breads from our hearth.
Sorry we're going into spamming mode
does that include the (new) "Lives" editor? (runs infrequently I know) because I just sub essay 4 Mom's Day!
Hate hate hate freezing cold weather
probably, hard to win championships when you dont play to your full potential all season long though
What a life.
Want more water...to lazy to go downstairs
WORKING PARENTS: What is the biggest sacrifice you've had to make by working full time?
All I want is
lol ok, but what is he talking about in his song??
what's up?
Awake time for some coffee<U+2615>
Nothing can bring you peace but yourself. Ralph Waldo Emerson
7th period... Hm i think ill listen to tupac all class. Bye bye Algebra
Awesome job today! Your poetry on Libboo is amazing!
Fricken broke the bleachers doing a
no but im just tryin to meet new people
Done with Chem
Thanks for the RT! :)
To get an After picture there has to be a Before-check those out on our website BRB.com
I just inhaled 3 bags of Sun Chips from the vending machine. I feel a little disgusting but strangely satisfied.
Looking for ft nannies for families in Long Island and Boca Raton. Send resume to ! Have a great day!
I see you culled down your followers. I hope we can remain connected on twitter.
Friend on the way here from out of town just asked "What clubs are good in San Diego?" Help me out, folks. Clueless on the club scene! lol
“: finally got my 113# snatch!” Uh Finally!!!! Congrats!
We appreciate your support!!!
Off to present signage, education, and other interpretation for the Croton Aqueduct to DEP with my team! Hoping they want to use it!
ITS A GREAT PROMOTION TOOL im trinna get my followers up den ima be hittin dis shyt crazy
i know..
if god intended for TX 2 Ski he would have given them mountains: if god wanted NM 2 Ski he would have given them money #tx$Ki #mtnof$
We had a blast at #FMFGT! Thanks to all the wonderful people who made it happen! Hope to see you all again next year!
most recently was about 2 months ago. and a few times before that.
I don't have to explain myself to you -____-
Now that was a long day off.
I just to let all you guys know. I'm not just using Titter to sell my stuff, I'm a real guy. The REAL author. If you ever wana chat, im here
I once said to my mom: "Save the riot act. I already read the Cliff's Notes." Did *not* make that mistake twice.
my tweet was about people who are cocky, not literally
last night >>
u can mention that we have hundreds of followers who get the joke, and that we openly admit that we are NOT APD officers.
Oh no. The Thunder is thundering in Dallas. Making chumps of champs.
That was a beautiful quote...we OWE God for that...
Happy birthday ! (:
This humidity is making my hair curly AF lol
Fat bitches are rude I hate you
Standing outside in the rain. Feels really good. You can't see my tears in the rain. So many thoughts going on in my head.
A must follow for D.C. commuters MT : WAMU traffic reporter is on Twitter
This bitch....
if you lived in Katy, we could be neighbors and best friends.
Whoa! He really does look like a weirdo now.
anti anxiety meds make me lose everything in my pockets. I can't mess with them anymore.
it's the drill gun that will get you in the end. cc:
Half Million-Dollar Challenge Driven By Our Fund
Chris hope you had a great day and how did you get your injury i was upset but knowing your okay is good
thank you. lol i try
I kind of have a back hair shaving fetish, so...yes.
Hey, why did the the P71 come south on Braddock Avenue in Regent Square this morning at turn left onto Hutchinson at 7:50?
55 on Klout earns you a free smartphone. Reach deep.
you're an asshole is way better
coco is in the house
Whoa, this is an interesting (and wickedly smart) alliance -- Microsoft, AOL, Yahoo! Combine Advertising to Fight Google, Facebook, Christi…
I think the birds pooped on my car again!! Damn you!!!!'* angrily shaking my fist
Totally misread that tweet
We strategize about everything else in our lives. Why not strategize about being obedient to God?
standing outside with my mouth open wide...
Personal problem ;)
MTV 2 is the WAVE TONIGHT !
People who have met One Direction but only love one of the boys make me want to cry. I love them all so much, yet I'll never meet them. :'(
First my Mom pass away last year & now my Grandmother. These R very hard times 4 my family especially my Father. keep my fam your prayers
Bashfulness is an ornament to youth, but a reproach to old age. Aristotle
RT : Some woman just rolled past my window on roller skates. Seattle people know how to have fun.
GRL: GYM, READ, LAUNDRY
Omg no way!? That's my fav too!!!
You're too modest.
#ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate Saying 'I love you' when it's only the first date.
I can't believe it's been 13 years today that my grandma died ! She was amazing! Love ya granny!
Heading to the Chicago Mobile Meetup with the whole crew.
hey man! Hope you & your family have a blessed New Year!
My wrist now looks like a fat persons ankle
Excellent way to celebrate! Thanks! RT Celebrating the end of a long but successful (hopefully) day !
I'm approaching my #3200 tweet
breaktime is unsettling! whatever shall i do without 4 papers looming over my head #springbreak?
Are you all still voting for Joe for the Teen Choice Awards?
Some of us are timid. We think we have something to lose so we don’t try for the next hill. – Maya Angelou
I need followers!!!!!
who is the opening act for the US tour?
i hate when ppl act hopeless
Tell me, how long do I have to play this game with you?
Can't decide if I hate Facebook or I hate people. :/
thanks, jan. Mind if I ask how you found me on the interwebz?
GOAL! Jacob Friedman ties it back up at two. 1:20 left in the first
What I just RT'd, I'm gonna do tmw in AR.
Yonkers: Tuesday 4/24 Analysis - Daily Racing Form
I think any man in business would be foolish to fool around with his secretary. If it's somebody else's secretary, fine. ~ Barry Goldwater
I am curious did you shoot any episodes of season two for SAB
aw so do i
Well we can motivate each other lol :-) One day at a time...
Do not wish to be anything but what u R ! And try to be that perfectly !
Headed to New Orleans this am. Only reason to ever be up at 5:00 on a Saturday.
RIP Carroll Shelby :(
Juwana beat her ass,
hahaha I love you.
Time to stay focused! God luck to you on midterms this week :)
At the end of the day if you think no one loves you, learn how to first love and appreciate yourself...
where and when is this session???
Be wary of he who laughs at ALL of your jokes.
Great guess, but no RT : i'll guess jason webley.
We promise to satisfy your needs with our selection of vehicles here at #ParkroseAutoCenter Portland, Oregon
What makes u think I give a shit ?
Semester loan due date is now September 30, 2011. Renew your items online, up to 10 times, through your "My Library Account" in CLIO
Ha! Trying to remember if any Hamlet characters ever yell, 'run!' :)
In Whedons America all citizens will be issued Buffy box sets at age 14
Brainstorming for a music video for "OK".....this is gonna be cool....
raising hope & sons of tuscon.
Writing my five year plan.
RT No better place to be at than
Yes! Exactly, if it rains on Friday I give up.
oh man wish I could be there
Crispy fried oysters tonight, come get them!
Thanks for the kind words. “: Watching The Vinyl Frontier, all about toy collecting and making. Cool if you want to track it down.”
San Fan up right now let go!!
- statues and corpses don't much matter-- no on would care about either without the books (get 'em at the Pratt)
RT : We raised $1240 tonight for Living Classrooms Foundation at Bateman's Perry Hall w/Dennis Pitta! Nice job fellas!
memphis grizzlies
And I know that they will never understand cause I'm just a kid, but they tell me I'm the man
it'll work out to about $60 each for us.
I especially loved the confident young women - future leaders for sure - w trees representing fed/state gvts
I appreciate that! Much much respect homie ...thanks for the love
This year so far has been AMAZING!!!
It's about the silence. Even in superb acting!
No problem. Will take a look at e-book.
I miss Nate :(
Murray Hill! This Saturday! I don't know what we're yelling about!
so they won't ship even to states that allow it? That's crazy talk.
can't believe I used to watch that loser on the news down here in Orlando!
nope it looked like you wanted to slap me! Bit I'll let it pass this once(;
I'm such a goof I giggle everytime I see your name in WWD.
Had an effin' blast last nite at TwitterPalooza! Next week, our Treat-a-Trick Party is gonna be BEYOND! ;-) thanks to everyone who came out!
About to be a good night with my beetch <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
better go to that concert
Hahahahahaha Katie's dressed as a purple people eater.
the days of spencer johnson looking as out of place as joe finley in the nhl are over...back to the 4-3 baby
Downloading everything on my Droid Razr replacement. Thank god for insurance....saved me $100's
Helping my baby juwan get more tweets <U+2665><U+2665>
I'm more of a build shit guy than a bullshit guy
I couldn't agree more: "I don't want to talk about that (deceased fiancee & father of child). I've moved on."
Well, at least I got to gold star some more songs in my #TheMooseIsLoose t-shirt. It hasn't helped the #Royals any.
DUCK TIME!
seriously?! Nick has some esplaning to do.
And I don't recall eating bacon gelato. That's something I would have remembered. Who made that?
Hmm...yes. Depends on the help they/you need I guess. There are def advantages to NP status. Can't wait till we discuss face2face
Me:knock knock! You:who's there? Me: ma-dam! You:ma-Dan who? Me: MA DAM FOOT IS COUGHT IN THE DOOR!!!!!
lol it's true, mine drove/drives me crazy, but where would I be without her?! #LATISM #WeHeartOurMamis ;)
Thank you!
Treating yourself to a mani-pedi could also mean tonight you'll drunkenly hire a Mexican man to bikecab you back to your car.
I would volunteer as tribute but I broke mine today.
busy morning accidental shooting on Whitethorne Ave, robbery at the BP on Olentangy River Rd...but sunshine is on the way today. :)
Yeah? Did u go to a beach when u were over here??
was AMAZING today in Chicago! Gorgeous man, gorgeous heart...Great music all for the benefit of Children's Memorial Hospital
Look at this fucking bitch.
#osfof may be he worst hashtag ever, but looking forward to some good thinking on a Sunday morning!
Thanks for the RT
interested in working with us? ;)
Wen u dn't drnk coffee erryday, the day u do; u feel that caffeine
Just because I let you go doesn’t mean I wanted to.
- thanks for (is the "the follow" or "following"? ;-> Either way!) My fave exercise as of late has been swimming, luv (cont)
Why is Kevin Stalling's from Vandy teeth the same color as the gold in their uniforms?
Killed it man. Scored 11 runs and had 16 hits!
The #atl #hawks just need to make 11 3 pointers.
Back in Portland after a great weekend in Seattle.
Going for a rain run on the Walnut Street bridge. I'm thinking of it as conditioning for Seattle.
RT : "Even the Stars Look Lonesome" by Maya Angelou. Poetic essays/meditations on identity, history and voice as an Af-Am woman.
In fairness, it could just be the neighbors' votes.
Taylor! Please give dispatch a call when ya get this. Incomplete/invalid ph. #
Don't ask me if I'm ok, don't try to hold me, no i don't wanna talk about it.. just don't do those things, and I wont cry
Missing ol
Being a Christian doesn't make your life easier; it makes it better. <3
I know something you don't know.....
Agenda for today: Gym Hoops Steak & Scotch
i love my best friend ameny, honestly she is amazing.. i fucking love her.<U+2665>
It's alright half the team is going to the nba in this years draft, and thats when #IUBB will really be good!!!
Great Episode last night, saw it @ TV Acad, sorry I didn't c u . Dot & Michelle got my Emmy Vote!
Devoid of any compassion, I'm very surprised Dick Cheney's new heart didn't immediately leap from his chest.
girll if it wasn't obvious enough!
we do
Slept the entire day away
I just meant its wrong and not fair that pregnant ladies can't enjoy all the dangerously delicious food we want to.
#CAD2012 First Lady Haslam shares senses to walk with families and teachers to make children successful
I don't speak German, but I can if you like.
Just finished airing our show....Hope you guys and gals enjoyed...Any feedback will greatly welcomed!! xoxo
if only politicians could be treated the same way....
Your words can bring life or tear life down. Choose to be an encourager; the world has plenty of discourage-rs already!
I keep forgetting it's Bring Your Kids To Work Day until I see a little person fly by my desk. Kind of unsettling.
if he can't read, there is always interpretive dance
No one drops out, they get pushed out
is doing Coffee.
Thanks Carl! What a great article on how Milwaukee's #solar market is growing.
If you don't want to get wet just walked between the raindrops.
Josh Smith can be a much better player than he is I dont think he works on his game enough to be great too much talent wasting
Mix N Mac in Middletown...dayuuuum...its real..
Happy Birthday I love you <3
FITzee #TGIF is ON! What are you stocking up on for the weekend?
Americans have over $1 trillion in student loans. ouch. yet, surprisingly only a $47 bar tab.
it's about helping you meet like-minded people. you can grow your personal and professional networks. check us out!
thats whassup... me too.. what part do u live in??
Learning about American Airline's initiative at #hispz12. Cant believe AA has been supporting lgbt since 1994!
Follow the kid
i just got my impressions taken at the dentist/orthodontist...not fun
Me && mr wrong get along soo good
bad mood! i swear i dont understand ppl :-\
Aww...man.. MSG is showing "Summer of '86" and they were interviewing Kid.
Get ready in May 24 hr delivery will be starting. Late night cravings we will satisfy those, how about Waffle House delivered to your door?
ugh i need more followers -_-
Tonight was AMAZING!
#infocampseattle I confabulate all the time...
It's really strange how Amazon remembers my EC2 credentials when shopping for stuff. When is that ever the right thing?
where my sweater ! Ctfu
Always happy to RT #truth ! RT : Thank you for the RT!
hey funny lady do you know your baseball
Thanks for the #rocking show on Thursday night here in #SF ! Come back soon!
Awesome show last night, thank you...
n take shit from young ppl? Well for anyone who cant c im actually a nice person, FUXK YOU!!!!
#Avengers time!!! With my hot date
So tired. Good night! <3
“: hey your awesome! that is all.” Hey, you're awesomer :]
yhur da 1 dat started dis crap.....nd I dnt like yhu...not even as a friend but okay..have a nice life nd leave me out of it
Google Earth and AP Gov would be great with the current events angle.
Once upon a time $10 would fill up your car with gas & you had enough left over for a moonpie and a pop.
There's a lot of folks from our ITW crew here to play with!
happy birthday mare bear! Love you woman!
You know, you can always ask for help. I'm a short drive away & I'm a Jedi when it comes to moving furniture.
I know... It's a good gesture ... #LawStudents lol
#UFC145 tonight! 3 rooms, plenty of parking, and the Angels at your service!
I wanna sex you up
Happy Thanksgiving! Have a great Turkey Day!
What do we think of the new Twitter for iPhone app?
Checkout our newest iPhone Apps! 2013 New Years Countdown, OpenTab, and RememberMe!
Oh and it would say that u need to be between the ages of 13-17 cause we don't want no old weirdo
Xmas Tweets: Wife & Mom watching a Lifetime Xmas movie. I'm drinking a swig of eggnog for every on-the-nose or expositional line of dialog.
Have a great weekend and be safe.
Happy Birthday Nathan Ryan!!!
hilarious mockery
We are wondering... how did the race go? #Monicals RT : Race is over, now time for
President Barack Obama's planned trip to Master Lock on Wednesday comes after he mentioned MLW company in State of Union
Please let there be some major alcoholics on the golf course today!
Too big for his britches.
Hilariously, same student sent same email after her exam, too. I did not reply.
'Abdu'l-Bahá is receiving visitors. Many have been waiting for him at the hotel.
love u guys too <U+E106>
When it comes to law schools law firms, bar exams, & judicial clerkships, the mantra is: "Autistics need not apply"
You know what they say. When you fall off the penis, you have to get back on. Write that down. I'm giving you life gems.
Was stupid enough to drive home in hail storm. Glad that 1) we live close by, and 2) golfball sized hail hit after we parked
Downton Abbey had twice as many episodes and was 30 minutes longer! Although Sherlock has limited source material.
School's..out..for...summmerrr! Where's the hottest summer hangout? Whiskey Chicks! Nicnos is kicking things off RIGHT!
Good morning guys
what'd she say? actually, wanna just text me?
I can't wait til baseball season starts back up so I can cheer on my favorite players Hamilton and especially chanting
Every bride is a princess, but today in 1956, Grace Kelly got married in a lavish royal ceremony in Monaco.
Are you here, baby?
Are you an earth goddess granola hippie yogi Free People vegan type? Try Casa de Luz while visiting #SXSW. You'll love.
Is anyone out there off today for, I guess, Easter Monday? I know a couple of folks who are.
It's just the way the game is played, it's best that you just wait your turn
Your music never fails to put me in a good mood. You are a god! Never stop being you. Love you<3
If there is 10 minutes left of class why even come?
"Just cause I said it doesn't mean I meant it" - Adele or Mitt Romney?
Rondo with his 2nd triple double in the playoffs this year. This man is nasty.
Lemon curd turned out well. Back from the library and making the lemon cake for curd to layer between
I agree! Not sure whether they exist. I think no, but maybe I'm just showing my ignorance. Anyone else?
Craving for some cake :) -A
so can you play it yet? Beirut - Elephant Gun on mandolin
": Congrats to Justin Lofton () for winning Series Race at ! #NASCAR #RACING "
FREE songwriting HOOK contest trackpizza.com - great prizes - download the tracks and write a hook
Looking for girls for promotional tour. I will sign you to a modeling deal for 12 mo. Send pics to
Thanks. Keep Making Things Happen as well.
sweet choice
By the way, Nialler, it's " I BEEZ IN THE TRAP, BEE, BEEZ IN THE TRAP!" Not crazy bees in the trap, hahaha :) x
He doesn't know we cant be more than friends.
oh darn! Sad I missed you. Hope you are swell as well!
The human body experiences a powerful gravitational pull in the direction of hope"– Norman Cousins
And, now Round 2 begins . . . #SOPAisDEAD (for now) . . . Certainly hope that all of the enthusiasm and activity doesn't flag.
I'm thinking it going to be Batista, I hope, anyway whatever it may be, its more exciting than wwe.
Am I looking for a man on a mission trip? Yes I am! Military discount here I come!!
People who are arrested in Reedsburg WI are posted on the Police Dept Facebook Page. Is that legal?
Love when people know they need help preparing for a big talk. Love helping them. Love my work.
Thanks for the heads up. I have added the release to Drymounted. Cheers!
!?it does else who .laziness sheer of out room other the from #roommates your texting ...ahh
Too many... Ive been 3 times in a matter of months... #VegasAddict and was the crack pipe
sorry I didn't get to do more than wave!!! I had to RUN to
Don't crack under pressure, if I had a car I'd get you
Spinning at now 'til 8 PM. Re-upped on Xmas CD's ... Come through!
Rules when texting a girl: 1) Don't take an hour to reply. 2) Use good grammar. 3) Ask questions. 4) Use the ":)" face.
keeping up with your latest writings...you've been busy!
ready for Puerto Rico next week!
The sun, is my daddy. Where's summer. :''(
Goin down tonight at candy..my firt 5 guest shots on me
oh that's nice!! ;) Id rather have an older sister than a younger one.
Thy give me a number which iw 40404 and i just tweet to it son hard to explain
"can you pray to god that theres not gonna be a drive by shooting." "theres not!" *gun shoot noise. Only in BH
RT : #DreamWorks Is Set To Remake Alfred Hitchcock’s 1940's Best Picture Winner ‘Rebecca’.
It will be a happy house after a Bruins and Yankee win tonight.
Cashers top ranked team plays: Ohio St -5.5 and Kentucky -21
Im fuckin with
Have you made it on twitter when the whores really, I mean REALLY start following you?
Maybe you've read him on our site, if not our buddy Wurst Brewer Fan has twitter. A hilarious follow!
Thank you Mr. MPD-man for just waving for me to slow down this morning and not pulling me over and giving me a ticket!
Putting on some sweats and calling it a day.
Thanks for the follow! I had no idea you were also a photographer! I really like your "Adventure" picture series.
Do you miss Austin yet?
Tomorrow meet Laura Dave, author of The First Husband, at 7:30PM via Skype! You don't have to read the book in order to attend.
could I trouble you to help me set up the Flickr tags ready for 1st May?
RT : - Last Drag [Andre Jetson Remix] playing on #BPM -
deeply grateful my friend. love the love. you in London? Do Dinner tomorrow night....
you say i was different on the bus today? haha maybe you should see whose but ur up and maybe you will be different too
that's why he wasn't at the airport o_o
NBC will televise live at 6PM until the conclusion of play.
if you see this message: You seen what this person is saying about you? link ...terrible things... it's not real, got hacked.
Yo did you get my fb msg?
but those other teams have no cap room. Players go to money first. I promise lebron doesnt go to miami for the mid level exemption.
Good Morning! Wow this week is sure flying on by today is already looking pretty bright have a LOVELY Day! MAY good fortunes come your way <U+263A>
A good writer is basically a story teller, not a scholar or a redeemer of mankind.
Haha good luck!!! I know you'll kill it. :)
Do all your thoughts rest upon the idea that there has to be a "Change"?
We should take Feyerabend's claim to be an anarchist seriously. Like political anarchism, epist anarchism is skepticism about authority.
Big Pre-Valentine's Day Pampering Party coming! Details to follow, I promise I'm going to secure your sexy! "Stay Active & Get Involved"
Love watching L&O SVU to play spot the guest star. Last night's ep had peeps from Without a Trace, Journeyman, FlashForward.
I know the pain of a heartbreak.
A few days late...but many thanks!
Today, I swam five lanes down from my idol Life complete.
: "#MentionTo someone who loves listening to Maroon 5 songs."
I'm so jealous!!can't wait to get on the slopes even if I am stuck on the East Coast.
Hey guys, is this weeks show up on itunes yet? I'm not seeing it.
thank you for the follow and thank you for saying im sweet
The 34th Legislative Meeting has begun - lots of things to discuss and consider.
Bailey needs to start coming over more often... I miss him!!
BROCK!!! It's a tie game in the third period ... Gonna need this warning off the screen.
Thank you! :)
#Facebook mobile!! Y U NO WORK?? I can't stalk people if U NO WORK!
I wont
Please, contact us, send info to
wait who are the Heat???
Looking forward to lighting some candles... Someday when I find my lighter...
Plan well your opening & closing images. The combo can create symmetry, express growth or loss, be a revelation or be a missed opportunity.
haha, impressive usage.
This NCAA coverage sponsored by---the Three stooges! Not everyday that you'd hear that.
my brother told me to quit writing faggot status's on my twitter. he doesnt even have twitter..
Here's to the Directioners that refer to One Direction as "the boys" as if you've known them forever.
WHAT GREAT FANS WE HAVE.....DOWN 1 RUN IN 6TH. AND THERE READY TO JUMP SHIP.
We have AT&T prvt and VZW from dayjob - VZW seems more coverage in smaller IN towns. Just like rollover minutes from ATT lots
what did i do?? HUUHHHHHHHH!
real niggas don't sip out of a cup, they sip out of a juice box!
Hell yea. I can make dhat pussy squirt all ova my dick mama .
I never left
Mention #Twitter & get 25% off any #detail! Pamper your #car!! Call (619) 928-4848! We're #MOBILE & #ecofriendly!
#premonition. New-disco power funk space dance music is about to make a big comeback in 2012.
Gucci Gucci, Louis Louis, Fendi Fendi, Prada the basic bitches wear that shit, so I don't even bother
You already know I aint shame cousin
im great! how r u
He came short of saying the N-word.
THANK YOU FOR ALL THAT YOU HAVE DONE
I also wish would respond to me so i dont feel #unappreciated :(
“: Hey you! We are overdue a linkup! Back in NY next week, how goes” def! Let's link when ur back
Now I'm done for the night. Exhausted yet satisfied. I have composed a tweet.
great! and fest is 44 :)
sounds like someone else i kno...
Before I date you, I'm gonna "been verified" your ass and get the ultimate background check on you.
At the airport bye bye MIA
but I'm not 100%! We did that last year so don't take t word for it! Wouldn't want you to get something wrong cause of me.
We may be able to make that work. is the man to talk with!
Sounds right up my alley.
it was Aight.. wasn't really feelin it.. but snoop has a unique style. Guess that's what makes him consistant
I do have some concern that #Prometheus will take a turn form the org #Alien. One I am not sure I will Like.
You can't be serious.
Teach-ins nationwide Nov. 9 on how the 1% crashed the economy and what the 99% can do about it. via
Welcome to Twitter, !!! Hope to see you in our contest next year!!!
why not just utilise an agency?...I know someone who could be of help in that respect!
Do you feel #trends are critical to competing in the marketplace? If not, why (affordability, hard to implement, etc)?
I emailed you that! So proud - congrats!
he goes to Everglades
How can people stay interested in the same shit after 4 seasons???
What side effects with #Benlysta? All I notice is a roaring headache for a day or 2. And, I've had 2 wicked respiratory infections.
None of that happened, it just took me to Amazon I think. Later when I got my replacement phone, i went to download it again and for
Been on the East Coast for less than 24 hrs & have a manager mtg & 4 auditions on my plate over the next 2 weeks.
Worst , fakest , bitchiest , most annoying friend ive ever had.
Hey follow my other account to!
You know what's fun? Working with clients who want to change the world.
Y and I up! A two piece chick band you don't see those everyday! Good set :)
Is where the Wednesday tweet up will happen?
Any time someone says "I want to be the best," all I hear is the Pokemon theme song.
Don't you love the emblem part of my logo? Please tell me how it makes you feel when you see it? What do you think?
": Listening to someone telling a story and thinking to yourself, lie, lie, lie, lie, lie, lie, lie, lie haha"
I am hooked on Oprah's # Life Classes#Entertainment. It is perfection.#Talk Show
wanna meet for lunch?
When I talk to British people on the phone, I like to think they're calling from a castle.
and I'm following her to.
has anyone been able to log in to the Technorati admin section? i got an invite but haven't been entered into the system yet.
#WBWednesday 1991- Women in Charlotte, NC complete 1st Women Build Habitat house. Happy Women Build Wednesday!
Need to sign up tonight! #redschool!
I'm such a creep, I know!:(
Wizard of Ostrich
So many groupies on my TL. Smh.
The Girl: "Do you ever watch 90-minute romantic comedies?" after a slate of 2 1/2 hour dark movies, and series like BSG.
Super tempted to take the 1 hr drive down to Beloit to catch the before I go home for summer. Gotta see Sano while I can!
Eat - sleep and breathe guitar
Want to say thanks again to and for letting me speak last night. Enjoyed every minute
Harry Styles makes acne hot Even though I don't have acne everywhere it still looks DISGUSTING on me cuz imma PO-TAT-O
Some1 webcast it so we can all join! RT : REMINDER: DC toast 4 @ Tortilla Coast on Capitol Hill @ 7pm TONIGHT
Mass murder: at one place by one person and more than four people are killed.
Duh, because Prick Perry is a MORON!! I've already beaten him in basketball like 9 times. Plus, he's not even a Socialist!
yup truth, what you doin for Mother's day?
hell yeah! Just let me know and i gotchu :)
We just reached the 100+ mark of amazing artists that have joined us at SoloPiano.com. Listen to them at www.solopiano.com/listen. Awesome!
Need money for a student project? TODAY is the last day to submit GRANT applications. Send to
A lot of pleasing
song "boyfriend" ma sht ;*
Why did Timmy D get dunked on!!!
Why is the new Varsity Hall being rented this weekend by Nebraska alumni.. I thought UW-Students paid for it
Is this about redevelopment or is this about the deal Mr.DeMaio brokered 4 the Convention Center/Hotel operators?
:) Craig from Craigslist has coffee @ Reverie on Sundays, there's a hidden sushi place & hidden magic shop, and BURGERMEISTER.
o baby! I'm ready for game 2! Bringing the wife to her first going to be Epic
I still don't understand why they didn't have Mila Jovovich playing Black Widow. Surprise, she's actually Russian/fighter!
"Why is the public so distrusting of science?" #GoodQuestion for Shawn Lawrence Otto at
congrats to you guys! Packed house! I'm also glad we got the sound to your liking!
if they resent being paired with you they aren't worthy of your company.
Wtf who gonna be there?????
White tips look good around the dick...classy rather!
uhmm..I'm the one informing you..pretty soon I'm going to stop telling you because you keep beating me up in your sleep!!
God already has life planned out for you, so don't try to change it just go with the flow.
It's a winning time..Congrats.
My poor fish died, he was old.
cannot tailgate (or do the Caps Convention) on October 2nd because GBMC moved our parenting class. Boo GBMC
For all the singers and songwriters out Their i hope 2012 is a good yr :-)
Any suggestions for a dog friendly Saturday brunch?
you guys are both beautiful <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B9><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00BA>
oh no i can't sleep anymore! i took a long ass nap! earlier lol
Surf Picks up as North Caroline Braces for
good morning ;)
its so loud o_O
From Seasame Street to Frontline has brought us amazing classics over the years. Which PA or PB shows have impacted your life the most?
That "To do Blog list" would b PERFECT for the 4 Gutsy girls blogging about their Quarterlife Crisis @ stratejoy.com Thanks!
but the royal family hoopla is nothing more more then celebrity worship. Not really educational.
Bengay is definitely nutty!!!
I woke up on the right side of the bed
Action may not always bring happiness; but there is no happiness without action. - Benjamin Disraeli
RT! - I hope you're pulling for in this competition! I will be pushing this hard.
Yo Ass Be Bored A.F.
Bauman argues that we need to decouple our current understanding of wage entitlement from the labor market. I agree.
I'm on tv this is so amazin woo
want some tips on how to give award winning performances? what do YOU want to know most about acting? post your questions here:
RT Just so you know who to root for, British people, the Patriots are like Man U, and the Giants are, like, maybe Tottenham?
Thanks! You are awesome. Is this your day job?
"semblance *of* coherence" ;)
many thanks Doug! Great meeting you at the conference
sometimes niggas just be forcing it
when the boogyman goes to sleep every-night he checks his closet for Chuck Norris.
Was initially there to see But now I can say, to that entire lineup of , you all have a new fan.
Let me able to say honestly with Paul, "It is not I whom I lift up, but Christ Jesus the Lord. 1 Corinthians 4:3-6
Already using twitter widget on our webpage—so easy!
His & her jocks sweeps, Toby Keith summer concert promo, gas sweep, and new Easton Corbin intro are now posted.
one of those days & it's just 9 am..
dog stares at food dish/ until I add bacon grease/ then it’s all gravy
After lurking around msg boards, it looks like PSVita owners are experiencing the same feelings 3DS owners were a year ago...
: you are too #funny ^_^
your spoiled...
I have had dreams and I have had nightmares, but I have conquered my nightmares because of my dreams. - Jonas Salk
whole9 coming to boston? is that rumor true?
which one did you get?
I outline with plays and screenplays bc there is no narrative voice to carry story. But books, not as much
ya know just chillen here watching all of vlogs or blogs however that shit is called.(; but yeah i'm bored...
URLs are one thing, just a FB or Twitter icon with no URL seems silly to me. at least put the logos then /VisitIndiana or something
Awesome! I'll stop by there on the way home today! Thanks for the tip!
Just bombed instagram... Whoops.
Just saw cold war kids for free at the
Off to Austin... JH
I'd like to go SOPA on pre-conference intro music, American Idol, and all things Kardashian.
Oww. My lips are so chapped.
thanks for the follow CB!
Most intense frap happy hour ever.
yes I should have left out "service" :)
An 8:30 (E) start time for Game 7?!?! Wow. Didn't expect that one. That makes life easier for me around here tomorrow.
can't hate on good basketball. Lol
Fish fry at the elk lodge.
Chest killed!!!
A goodnight's rest of about 24 hours seems sufficient right now
no I didn't do anything
Follow for updates & events at LOFT47
ur tweets are quite entertaining.
Hey thanks for following. I'd have 65 followers too if I had your cleavage.
Was the first bobble head the guy that thought we should go out on Thanksgiving night and stand in cold lines around a building to save $2?
too soon.
I do what I can. :-) Hey--thanks for your eagerness to participate all semester long--it's been a joy having you in class.
does that mean you would like me to tweet something? If so, hello! I hope you like your new phone :D
#TurnOn pretty eyes (;
Only 5% to 10% of breast cancers occur in women with a clearly defined genetic predisposition for the disease.
RT : 897 days until we elect Barack Obama's replacement. #ocra #tcot #teaparty #gop>why wait? lets get him impeached!!
Someone called me a bitch today. My response; "You just noticed?"
Definitely gotta pt test tomorrow man
Dropped my cell phone in my bubble bath! #goodjobme!
See you there!
Sleep well young Coco. xo
ah well in that case they need to trade for grok :)
Visit ClientRocket today and learn how we help build customer loyalty with products like RTOREWARDS: www.clientrocket.com/rto
After the talk I just had with I'm on full raging mode !
heres a 'twitter text' for ya
Design a new tat>pay attention in Spanish
thanks for the follow:)
thats not even funny! Teachers are going to find you out!!!
“: aww thank you! love the Hindi in your profile - wise words:)” Yes, have a great weekend & good luck on the ponies!
damn, its still raining?!!?
Happiness is not something you postpone for the future; it is something you design for the present. -Jim Rohn
I'm feeling some type of way today... :-/
naturally i think it's completely possible. there are a lot of OTC supplements that could do it. But I don't know all sources.
My red one is currently flowering too. Pink and yellow are thriving but not in bloom.
As of 8/4/10 #roccityderby was granted 501(c)(3) tax-exempt status. contributions to the league are now tax deductible! Thanks Queenie!
#RIPBIGGIE listening to hypnotize right now. #justasking do u approve of the rap now compared to then
don't say that :/ your right by me in my book..
It's lunchtime at BarCamp Nashville 2010
In that mood where literally everything annoys me. My mom is smiling to herself and its making my blood boil
I cant wait til I get my puppy this summer! Im gonna name him/her Halo :)
It will be interesting to see how next month's recycled water study impacts our water thirsty future in SD. #knowyourh2o!
Torrey smith walk of touchdown
working hard. banks are not cooperating.
thanks Jenny! I lay no claim to being a good singer, just one who enjoys it! It's the only thing I do selfishly! ;)
I had to do a little research: #VCU Rams will be on TBS - Channel 1502 Verizon FiOS
All the money and the knighthood seem to have gone to his head.
hahaha didn't you hear I try to get in everyones pants. Don't feel special.
Just read the review. It was written by a competitor-> Nef sis. iMeet is not a formal web conf. tool that added video. It's iMeet!
#ReplaceFilmTitlesWithBacon the bacon games
We need to teach students the skills to be comfortable reading text electronically
Who's fav number is 13 ?
I'm tryin to b better than good enough...
I hate ppl that always play by the rules
...I'm now adding vodka to my uber healthy juice :) Ah, refreshing :)
#amwriting - technically #amdonewriting - Dreadful Deluge: The Central #VT #Floods of July 1811. Coming soon to your #amazon #kindle!
RT : Don't forget! chat at 1pm TODAY - GIVEAWAYS & PARTY!
You fought for me all year, I have come to fight for you. You said I have always bet against you but this time, I am all in.
mickey mouse? Omfg mean!
Gah. Tomorrow is school from 6-9 am, studio, then photo shoot(:
did I miss 3 don't blow up!!
scrabble master!!
When writing essays I still print them out and edit by hand. Am I dating myself already?
what happened? i have yet to receive an email
FLASH MOB: dance performance by airline choir member, local flash mobbers, and Portuguese singer Catarina dos Santos @ 3pm
Seeing different rates of data management adoption among industries. What is the biggest barrier for businesses?
At the Milwaukee public market eating oysters on the half shell - thinking of you guys lol.
... done is better than perfect!!!
holy shit great find!
omg really. Why. I didnt even do that. Hahah A.L.Y.S.S.A.<.3
I try :3 ppl @ school ask if i'm dating him..thats how much he comes up in convos..
You just want people to feel sorry for you. Attention hog.
Bill Bauman (Art of Love summit) says that his wife of 43 years, Donna, 'exudes the utter gorgeousness of life.' Nice! ~mariageminded~
Paula Walker is rocking out today with her noon time Yoga Flow class, levels 1 -3, on Miami Beach!
Looks great!!
The lecture attracted national audience. Congrats to San Diego-based for winning an autographed catalogue
#NP landon pigg on my teacher's playlist. 1st i thought "this isn't my cup of tea" but it's not half bad. growing on me
And I have a bed for them.. Six Feet Under.
My luck cam bats go dead or hit record while its recording&it pauses
Happy birthday to the most beautiful mother on the Earth
They Say Life Is A Big Game Of Chess
thanks hun, always a pleasure having you in the salon x
"i want colorful shorts" RT : Lmao i read gina's mind!
I got enough. 5hrs. I think it's the allergy medicine kicking my ass. #NotClaritinClear today.
wtf i was gonna bust out step by step lol
Is cool that you're promoting them, spreading their music & all... I think they may have a new fan (I'm tlkin bout me btw) =]
And I'm back off my bar stool. Get this done, mofos.
Russell Brand is still relevant? smh
"we're doing a race to support M.S"..." why the hell would you support M.S?! Thats terrible!"
Keep Chasing Pavements
So... how many hours of sleep have you actually gotten this week lol?
where did you order from?
That's RObert King, I believe.
Only have time to skim Legal Issues in Mass #Digitization from the #Copyright Office right now. Links to analyses/reactions, please? Thanks.
happy bday girl!! April babies are the best! :)
“: No. 2 over No. 1 Iowa in front of 15,000 in Iowa City. Snaps Iowa's streak of 84 duels without loss."
I start the 19th grade tomorrow. What am I doing with my life?
it's all automated for the emails, tweets and text msgs, gets truncated for texts too
We Tryna Do Music Wit Anybody Who got A Good Vibe In Va Holla
lay your head on my pillow and just relax.
Always happy to help!
1.5 hrs of new #SherlockPBS for free, worth so much more than the $ spent on the last 3 movies I paid to watch.
I think Mr. Pibb is as good as Dr. Pepper. It just can't prescribe medicine, that's it's only downfall.
Oops. OK, remedial tweet class tomorrow.
I<U+E022>u guys plzzz follow me plzzz!!<U+E057>
that Polyphonic Spree concert was like being wrapped inside a big warm crepe.
Looking forward to #CyberMonday? I sure am. :O)
For real! RT : This last 10 minutes is pure torture... I promise.
She'd better!
I feel like that green lights been on for me I just need to be hitting 120mph
add #CallICONiaczMaybe to your list of things to do
Been sitting in legislative session in Santa Fe for almost 12 hours now. I'm so hungry I might eat one of my fingers soon...
Can we get stamped before Glowfest so we can come straight back after the show?
I would have been happy with a name and phone number of someone at this 3rd party company that I could call! Write a ltr?
I'm seriously so glad they killed off _______ on The Walking Dead.....
What are you doing Wednesday?
And the #ChicagoCause 2011 winner is.... ! Congrats and congrats to all finalists!
I know lol I like Olivia. Tracy retweeted me one time though haha:)
My parents bothering me about trying out for cheerleading, UM no thanks. -.-
ask Kobe: if you were the GM who would you like to add to the team?
Happy birthday, Charles #Dickens! You inspired writers everywhere by making spontaneous combustion a viable option.
#sdmayornp Lewis: voluntary payments instead of taxes? Dumanis, Filner, Fletcher, DeMaio all say no.
Trying not to fall asleep at my desk at work... Z .. *nodding head*
Nope =( I've got too much work to do this weekend. I know you'll have a good time though!
I totally need a MacBook. Video editing is so much easier on a Mac.
Your blog is oustanding! I really enjoy reading it and passing it on to our CTL.
Thanks for the RT!
I still think its bull that Jeff Bridges wasn't nominated for Tron.
trying so hard to maintain my composure at this very moment....it's killing me. killing me.
RT : No matter what accomplishments you make, somebody helped you. -Althea Gibson
Testing twitter
RT : You only get ONE chance to enjoy today. Get out there and
Ha ha ha.. Glad I could help.
Dreams are nothing without doing something with them....
I'm claiming Fall as my birthday season.
Mad over dressed...
me & my siblings made an awesome breakfast for mom. we brought it to her. my sister leaned over; SPILLED EVERYTHING. happy mothers day..? :)
Just found a steamer trunk that is several hundred years old in Mom's basement. She wants to get rid of it!
How are you doing?
I'm drinkin some "DANG"!
I am not talking about the UI, I am talking from a developer's standpoint. Naming something event33 is not good design.
So pisssd off I could scream
chip chip hooray!! RT : waheeeey followed me :D definitely my favourite popchips account now ;)
I mean in my head, painting with two balls is the combine moment, but apparently he was adding things into his paintings earlier
Glad media-ownership rule relaxation context included in the #Frontline Murdoch hacking scandal docu
I RATHER GO TO DIGGYS PARTY:)
Sports Nation anniversary show live from Bristol 5-6pm on ESPN2. Happy Anniversary!
We have a new server ready - vpn28 OpenVPN (SSL) server in San Francisco. It's available in your customer area now.
Bootleggers, 5 Guys, and Moe's have been suggested
Tired from work....get a lil nap before film premieres tonight.
alright cool<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081> I miss you sister!!!!
Love this little catch up piece with Shawn Johnson, who is prepping for the London
There's a fire inside, a fire that sets my mind up high and a fire in my heart that will never die...
I don't believe anything. I only know some things to a greater degree of certainty than others. - from When Galaxies Collide
Wish that payday was today
The top agency sponsor can win an ADDY!
Before you came in to my life I missed you so bad I missed you so so bad And you should know that I missed you so so bad
We're working on making a limited number of these available next month. Sign up for our e-newsletter to get updates.
FINALLY A GOOD EPISODE
We appreciate your support ! Please come see us in 2012. Post on our Facebook for any cover ideas when we come to town next!
Tours are possible. taking pictures is really tough, they have strict rules. but we could ask. wht would you do with the pics
That is an awesome idea. I will see if I can get Andrew to help me with that during daylight time.
Are you on the 9:05 train this morning?
Glad you're enjoying the neighborhood! You'll have to stop back a few times to experience everything. Check out 'Big Box' at CPT.
What is your biggest challenge in staying healthy while running your home biz? Your smartest strategy to combat this problem? Let's get...
Good luck Monster.!!!
I'm reading George R.R. Martin's A Feast For Crows
Did not expect such a physical gsme from IM, either.
Loved talking w/ you during the lunch break. Want to talk more about possibly buying one of your creations. :)
Happy half birthday to me!!! Lol
When someone doesn't fit, it is figured out locally and within the team.
Nice will have to check it out sometime :)
Enjoy today and as many as you can! Nice to tweet with a mom who thinks a lot. Be well.
Sugarfree Blue Raspberry on the menu for a limited time!
you could feed a country with what THAT rings costs! Priorities people.
I Love that #WeHadAGayMoment :D
yes let's not go down that road
I always call my iPhone an iPod
Excited for your #socialgood preso tomorrow... should be good coming from of course :)
Thank you for dining with us. What did you order?
Come in tonight and join us in reading a few chapters from "Awaken The Giant Within" by
Happy Birthday Dave!
Thank you MM!! : D
what's keepibg you away til next year?
hell nah
happy birthday Noah!!
how's it going? What are you working on these days?
You know you were waiting for it: The Wife of Bath's Tale! <www.twitter.com/brackman1066/cbtweets>
Fabe, can you elevate like that? That pick was ridiculous
more followers
Tweet " #TripleDslaughterHouse " NOW!!!
I want to see u do some of the passes he can do
and they're keeping whitney?!?!
I am all over the place today. That's what happens when my routine gets upended and baseball starts.
#NewOrleansSaints just put franchise tag on quarterback Drew Brees . Not a great week for the team
Not a shred of evidence exists in favor of the idea that life is serious. - Brendan Gill
what's good?
Tigers heading to Arlington, Texas
I've written the first act of another play while sitting here.
just put some player shit in ya email
Thinking Out Loud: Avoid fund overlap to mitigate #market downside risk.
im Hannah (: nice to meet youu.!
I think about too much before I go to sleep
ya that's who I'm thinking of. I live down the street from them... Hahaha sorry for the mixup
Fifteen minute run for the first time in I don't know how long and now I feel high. Not in a drug way.
that would mean double undIes #why lol
#smNPchat Claire in #Seattle -- I'll be thinking more about ways for startup & niche #nonprofits to build in revenue generating mechanisms
it's sad, but I know every line of Gilmore Girls!
Go ahead & say what you want, but it's fancy top ramen.
I know that's right!
My hubby is the absolute best. He cleaned the house and made me dinner :) I'm one lucky gal!
Hi Karin! Thanks for the follow. Did you attend the location-based session at #MGUSA?
write a song about it!!!Or people watch.Both will make the time...nope...you'll think its days later when only a minute passed.
Happy Thanksgiving gamers
Really Sprint? It's bad enough I am forced to have a NASCAR APP on my phone, but bugging me to click on a fox news link?
Ah! Good heads up! RT : Cops giving out tickets for jaywalking at Connecticut and L!
well everything?
thanku u have good one too x
I hate EOCs.
Retina Mac: the pre announcement heard around the web standards world - everything's gonna look like shit again in 4 months.
Time for a Stir it up Wednesday on the show. Troy's good pal will join the show at 1030 today. Let's Go!
thank you for the follow looking forward to seeing your tweets
thank you for following!
waiting on yo busy ass
"We do not inherit the earth from our ancestors, we borrow it from our children," - Native American Proverb
Hope everyone had a good weekend. Another week has started, get to work on your t-shirt designs.
Made it to JanesVegas In Sarahs skank wagon alive. Things are going to get really weird and we're all okay with that
It's the Steve Blass syndrome. Happens all of the time.
If he cheated on her to be with you... He'll most likely cheat on you to be with someone else.
warm up! How? With jumping jacks! Or a blanket.
Our Dad would never wear some Jaunts all of em ugly as EF.
Keep gettin it in cuzzo :) #ProudOfU RT >>>>>>>That feeling you get when you get home from a long day of working out take
Need lunch in a hurry. Time for
Shower then back to sleep ...
while I'm thinking of it--anyone know enough about wordpress headers to answer a (fairly, IMHO) simple question about icon placement?
With less than 1% reporting, the media called Georgia for Gingrich. B/c exit polls are INFALLIBLE.
Wow, unpredictable but yes, in the end we had the time of our life !
Nice connection/collision. I have learned so much through my PLN this year. Feels like putting a straw into an open fire hydrant.
I see 2 black couples on a movie date & I hope they are vocal cause I wanna chime in too about the movie! #funny #
Ah, I gotta go there and try one soon (:
<3 I LOVE YOU!
No problem! Yep, still here. You coming back for the summer? Some great startup things happening here.
Happy Fourth! Get a good run in this weekend between the fireworks. Be safe!
That was mine, or "great minds think alike!!!"
my bad... I've been in utter grind mode... But what I miss
...do you know who Alexis McConnell is?
The only place in the lower 48 that is more than 100 miles from a McDonald's is a barren plain in South Dakota
cant belive its already sunday
- We thank you for signing up! We always cheer for students though! Good luck!
Happy First Day of Spring!
Yes I am definitely dramatic...
imm done.. So done.
plays The Pearl! Tonight in Dallas - show starts at 9:30. This is one not to miss - Lewis Stephens on piano & other special guests!
#BVBForSuperBowl2013 haha I'm not going to stop until this is trending =)
#NW: y did i get married?===>Tyler Perry can't get mad without that Madea comin out
Depressed? Earphones in, volume up. Ignore the world.
Barracks replaced tents at Wildrose C camp 1939 in DV
My mother never saw the irony in calling me a son-of-a-bitch.
They be hating on you.
Even then you had that superstar smile
yea sometimes wen the partying stops u wish u culd jus be in ur own bed. U gunna make it home 4 sunday dinner?
Would You Dress as A Cheerleader and Run around the boardwalk to get paid 100,000 $ ;)
why would you not piss off the porch on state street?
Heyy what happen to yesterday? I tried texting you and everything.
Slappin' that Messy Marv
Exciting game! Big win for ND.
Serendipity= accidental discovery that leads to unexpected outcome, like catching a #chevy on SoCo at SXSW
Can't really be upset about something that had an expiration date from the get go
so it ll be jess, laura, n greg if u dont mind him coming 2
Tell them the big dog on campus has to grow!
On life's journey faith is nourishment, virtuous deeds are a shelter, wisdom is the light by day
Wish I had some McDonalds :/
Fave holladay movie: National Lampoons Christmas Vacation!
Promo tonight! Come out to Joe's Bar!
aaugh, I knew I missed a couple people!! I'm sorry! And YES!! There will be a next time! \m/
GIRL, we all were!
I'm not a doll collector but that #barbie bitch #goddessofthegalaxy doll is not 2 b f**ked w/
just a feeling there is something deeper than headaches happening.
Thanks for the follow, following u right back!!
I sent all plus hogs.lol..hope they reply.:-)
Want to see Battleship.
Follow Me Oscar!<3 your hilarious
We want to thank everyone who has connected with us in the Rochester area! We look forward to growing with you.
I just want someone to cuddle wiff :(
Its so wrong. Of all the things to happen and the timing..ugh this sux
what a week !
Too bad Facebook won't let our library claim our "place." Anyone have any luck with that?
and tweeting so much #NewMusic we had to tear down a virtual wall just to fit them in!
RT LinearEquations I'm tired of these begging ass clucks begging for my money every time I'm going in the store.
he told me he has one, lonely Corona in his fridge right now.
Weird. Apparently, there is a Daniel W. Austin in town, leaving his credit card at D'Mongo's. He must be eliminated. There can be only one.
Did we play u guys this yr, I forget? “: can unfollow me ASAP. I'm a Louisville fan, fuck them weak ass t-shirts 2.
Decided to finally enter the world of twitter...not my fiance tweeting for me, actually me. I don't understand the # thing yet tho
In movies, it's harder to catch someone alive than dead if you've got a gun.
#Star Justin D is finding his tv persona this is why I love this show. Vegas was my fav on this 4th party challenge, he's found it.
"my cheating boyfriend is watching from the couch" haha thats a funny sign
im just chilln and stuff bored outa my mind
Hope all you FAC Heads had a great day! Stop on by tomorrow for 4g eighths all day!!
pierce deserved to get tossed. He's a punk
Mitt Romney began to disdain his front-runner status when he heard that Newt Gingrich got to lay-off so many people.
Any #archiviststoolkit users out there have experience exporting Marc XML?
I'm staring at the man in the mirror, I'm asking him to pull out that grundy...
LOL...I don't know man. I'm trying to go soon. You coming??
Apparently hipsters love hockey. I wonder why.
#RT if you are a #TRUEBELIEBER (: !
"How we interact with our smartphones (single pursuit) is different than how we interact on tablets and ereaders." at
sPACe BoNerZz is happening NOW at the Silverlake Lounge!! FREE and FUN and HUGS!
the winter was so warm, I wouldn't even WALK on any ice!
How Agencies Calculate Credit Scores
you're so Asian. That's what Ellie said. Derp.
I would like to reinstitute the three martini lunch.
haha ..just got home from work :P ..&you?
Og just made breakfast; steak &nd potatoes;
someones a bit grumpy this morning lol hope ur day gets better.
It's a heartbreaker. PS, just found out someone that works here is named Matt Zimmer, you're still the man though
I'm really good at sucking at Angry Birds.
Hope to see everyone tomorrow at George Mason University's Center for the Arts for the Meet the Author Event with Tom Perrotta!...
J. Thomas - By neutralizing context, databases can allow scholars to more easily apply their own contextual lenses.
finishd reading "Khalifa" recently so have a little understanding...road was rocky ;-)
Which song by your old bandmates? I keep running into friends of friends from #RVA. Scott Hudgins seems to be a hub.
Im.so tired omg overslept
#SpeakIt right into existence
hi to you too!
I don't blame you one bit. Probably drives you crazy dealing with that stuff. :(
we're going to have a fundraiser to get you to Madison this summer :)
Now I gotta walk to my other sister house and get the key to let myself back in! Ugh
I need a massage.
awesome, I'm from NJ so I will try that next time! Thanks!
No parking from 3pm until midnight on E Preston Street (Charles Street - St Paul Street) for a movie shoot.
yea well mixed lol
it's addicting!
I'm not gonna lie, we are spoiled rotten just took our beer order, and is now going on a beer run!
sent a message to update w/ 2 #'s. why... We have a booking 4 talent worth $7,000 & they still haven't picked up the phone. Nuff Said!
Great blog - enjoyed reading about your summer travels especially to sites - thanks for following!
Mo Williams shaken up. Hit on the head by a teammate, couldn't tell who it was. Damn. Hope it doesn't result in concussion.
miss you!
No plans for tonight? Check out our CD release show at the in Pittsburgh, doors @ 8/show @ 9. It's gonna rock!
I don't understand how this R & D works. Where do you put the exobytes in? People are LOST.
Hey , look who joined Twitter: !!!!!
in love with me. OH MY GOD. like ah :) its amazing. But I'm still too chicken shit to.hang out. -.-
“: But seriously, where the MOTHERFUCKING tacos at?”
doing laundry *laughs* do u have a bf?
Was at game (1 Hough) & finael of FL vs Strasburg, I have a 6 year old epileptic boy & is my perfect woman. LOL
Spent part of this morning tanning my with mom, jammin' out to the beatles. (: now to lay around for the rest of the day.
RT : It's a great time of year to reevaluate your life. Figure out what's important..& let go of what's not.
Last night was weird.
Interested in joining the LexisNexis Investigators Network? Find out how at #IACP2011 booth
I think wants info on how to get INCLUDED in the app, to get listed...
haha, too funny! Have you seen the awesome Highlander video? :)
Sitting in class.. Need to be outta here by 7 so i can watch the game.
Those are some of my guys. Divine, with the dreads, is being released in June. Such a woop will go up!
Just wrapped up marathon brainstorm w/ at Georgetown. Frank, fantastic feedback & ideas from #HoyaSaxa alum. Keep the ideas coming.
It took me a while before I realized Mikey tweeted me.... I thought it was some kinda mistake.... lmao :b
heyoo Duvy! Catching a breath to reply.. Twitting takes an intense impact on me.. Almost like singing C5 ;-)
I wish was here!
I'm alright but I need u to make me feel better :))
I have to take my grandma to LAX airport >.< this is going to be an weird car ride haha
thanks for the mention!
U SEE I NEED YOU!! <3
History thought for #Lugar on eve of primary--Truman 1948. All about turnout.
Haha yeah my dad walked into the living room wearing short shorts and i just said that to him...
Where are you going? What are you doing today to get there?
Today we are hosting the 5th Annual "FORE" Charity Golf Tournament, in support of
Congrats Erin!
super-psyched at the prospect of getting some free gardening tips & seedlings from -LT
if i cant go one night without you how the hell am i gonna go the entire summer :'(
Love my people's :)
hell yeah haha
The IAP Crafts panel has begun; we are now reviewing app # 130010 Barbara Z.
stay positive! :)
havent done #imagine s in a while...Hmm.. guess ill do some more -anna :)
just added you on Facebook babe!
is in town today... Almost time for the concert!!!!
Tonight is going to be Epic. The #Arcade Fire at the BofA Pavilion
What will you be for Halloween? I hope it's inspirational and moving :)
It's Friday and we need ten more followers to reach 100! #FF us!!
Give em something to talk about! ;)
Why does moodle have to send you an email everytime someone post to forum?
Love Alverno! Amazingly, I was always the only guy in my classes.
please follow back!! I love you so much!! Should I give up on tryin to get you to follow back!! Please follow back!(;
sorry told u I suck @ twitter lol. He got me a card and a dozen red roses and he's buying me a new purse this weekend
Very good stuff, thanks for sending the link.
Scheduled to run until 8:30
Thanks for the RT!
“: "Carbs don't make you fat, carbs eaten in excess of what you can store in glycogen do" - #fitblognyc” great tip 4 everyone!
AWFUL. RT : Blow to Baltimore: Ravens LB Terrell Suggs tore his Achilles playing basketball.
This dude is drinking a beer while driving. This dude is DRINKING a BEER while DRIVING!
iM Gunna Ask Again.... Can Someone Change Mhy Username For Me ? Mhy Laptop Fucking Up -.-
When everybody wants see you fail and you prove them all wrong that #GivesYouWings !
Os bullpen gotta remain strong
I'm really sorry to hear that! :( I hope things get better soon!
Bayshore Mall this morning! Lets see how left out i feel driving a mini van among the bmw's, range rovers, and infiniti's.
wat i do
Anyone have a link to where I can watch or listen to the Magic game online?
I'm not really digging the whole "powdered" thing that Berman keeps throwing down.
It was an easy pick last year when Vegas made the public jump on Pitt...but this year I'm not sure...I'm leaning NE
Sucks that imma miss the Mayweather fight because I have to be stuck at work my luck
that would be awesome! Which mall you workin at now?
Thanks for the tweet ! Happy that they helped! Many blessings to you!
same to you. talk to you soon.
C'MON #KANSAS! HOPEFULLY KENTUCKY CAN MISS SOME FREE THROWS AND PULL A 2008 MEMPHIS!
I was expecting to hear #Uecker call the walkoff against the Dodgers,it doesn't get any better than Uecker
we can all 3 share (; i call middle!
I would if you thought me
jerks! :O
PLEASE FOLLOW ! hes an AMAZING music creator! hes on youtube and i promise once you hear his music, you will b hooked! FOLLOW HIM
Thank u Rondo keep turning the ball over lol
This sucks!
Good Morrow. Kaye.. How Art Thou This Beautiful Day Before Assimilation
Hooray ! Downloaded your digital app & my boy LOVED reading Kochalks's JOHNNY BOO. & he HATES 2 read!
sweet! I'll send you a note about dates, etc.
I wont everyones telling me that im keep it Cool n Dre Fam RT : well whtevr u do, dont gt arrested lol”
W caste syst comes racism and inequality,the result of very deeply rooted cultural traditions.I'd say cultural issues R just as big
Playing with Qwiki, but the content isn't showing up on iPhone. Apparently an app will be available soon.
Nope... UNDERgrad in Sociology for me.
You're the 2nd person to tell me that today. Where do you live?
now its only 15min!! Woohooo happy early birthday!! love you lots!! xx
We are so pleased to welcome our newest Party Coordinator, Tanya! Welcome to the zebra craziness!
went to the mall yesterday which was insane and i got my bf so thts good
Uh oh...Girl Scout Cookie time! Be aware of the choices you make and practice moderation when it comes to these once-a-year treats.
Thank you so much for posting that!
I get jealous, I get mad, I get worried, I get curious. But that's only because I love you so much and I don't wanna lose you <3
RT : I love the chef demos. RT : What has been your favorite thing that you have seen so far at the #NRAShow?
WFB tonight! Won't be in costume... maybe tomorrow? Come and visit!
Thanks. We try to make things better every day. We're looking forward to the journey.
I popped my neck wrong and its been hurting for over an hour...
Bird just pooped on my foot..nasty! Another reason why I hate them!!
Sharon Giesfeldt Van Ruiswyk does ORAGAMI at the Jazz Gallery, and Sue Browne BOMBS the outside with YARN. How on Earth can you miss that?!
so sorry to hear, Laura. Thoughts & prayers to you & your family.
//You are all that #ThatPinkThatGreen represents. Thx again
I know the "What Makes You Da One" mashup is great, but please credit if you're going to upload it onto YouTube. He made it.
Happy Mother's Day to my mom Glenda & my mother in-law Norma! 2 extraordinary & Godly women!
thx...I'll keep an eye on Daniels this wk with no AJ and rookie qb. Hou just runs runs runs tho. 42 rush attempts last wk
I would go bowling with
Just because things aren't good now, doesn't mean they will be that way forever
I have yet to fully figure out my new Tumblr dash. The fuck.
Is it only 18 and over tonight at 12th and Porter?!:)
the town we used to live in had a movie every Friday at the park. Popcorn and fresh air...it was wonderful.
or get coffee and sit in parks. have fun! xo
2nd this!!! Happy B-day! RT : Happy Birthday Chica!!!
Newly impressed with Wizards of Waverly Place. Miss M obsessed with the show.
the turquoise one from bliss!
I don't follow many people on twitter because I prefer to follow them in person.
Tourist on 14th St "Look at all those tall buildings!" I guess they're tall compared to a corn field.
Why haven't we invented teleportation yet?! This is some bullcrap!
EBAY is a lot like twitter...you want to win that shit, its like finding out you have a new follower your like, fuck yeah...read my shit
I love you ! I have every episode of Anderson on my DVR and I haven't missed an episode yet!<3 you're amazing!!!
Dear tweezers: Thank you for having the skill of being able to pull an eyelash out of the pile of weed I'm breaking up.
You have to have more than just you tweeted, etc. about the event. Too much other noise drowns it out. Need to enlist others
I wish I had cable.
this i kno RT : RT : ; i wonder how many of my followers have crushes on me hmph *taps chin. | I use to in 1936'
Lazy day
Hey it's BK, With March Baldness in full swing, who has the best hair in Rock n Roll?
What are the first two languages? Oh, and u can say right now at anytime 4 ur slap. LOL :)
Spot trending now in Chicago, IL: Starbucks - Starbucks (live updates)
loves random group high school reminiscing.... oh the old days.
No mater what anyone says i love nick cage!
Reading, interviewing, working. That's my day in a nutshell.
Bout to hit the U of I/Mich game in Champaign. Then going to kick it wit my bro and I miss the college life ...
Thanks for sharing Rachel's post, Alex! Hope you're having a wonderful week!!
Have you been to the BiTKOO booth at Dev Connections yet? Get a demo of Keystone, our flagship identity and authorization management product
Today was a good day, I have so many check marks on my list. How did it go for you?
good time last night with and others...
Co-worker just warned me the office heat isn't working and it is 62 degrees right now... Now I REALLY don't want to go to work today!
I need a First Ladies fan.
405 bites the big one! lol
Where are you watching the #NFLDRAFT and #NYRANGERS game tomorrow? Come to and watch it all with your friends!
Our blocks power is out. Thanks storm!
Today 1996: Shirley Abrahamson became the first woman to be named Supreme Court Chief Justice in Wisconsin
Call of the night - "he's fouled from behind by World Peace."
That can't be possible !! RNG :"(
guess the end of session brings it out....
#BoiseSOC Voluntary curbside glass recycling is coming this fall for less than $10/month.
RIP #MCA of the Beastie Boys. We love you and your music brother.
Tuned into Determined to get those tickets!!!
Fun night with :) love u guys!!! U Are my sunshine :D
":oh really so it should b perfect when u take the plaster off then"<--HOPEFULY! I heard it can b still swolen... so We ll c!
workout with planks, burpees, ab work, and more.
Looks like we do! We'll be keeping tabs on you to see what else can be
Learning some great info about social media at the Golden Eagle Institute!
I hate this feeling. It's one I know all too well. It's a thing called heartbreak and it hurts like hell.
carillons soccer game :(
(Cont.) A piece on #SanYsidro by I saved b/c it was so good before I ever met her. And and "I <3 Cops" bumper sticker.
On the plus side, for once Windows mysteriously freezing and restarting in the middle of a game wasn't caused by massive failure.
weird night... lucky chengs? yeah that happened.
Lol I went to the Fair.. Never again.
Where Is Roger Federer? Why He’s Underwater! Roger Federer gives us a look from underwater.
Gettin that 6 month membership to the AC. $100 I'm getting it for a steal!
Excuse me while i watch Jc Caylen be hot..Daaaymmm ;)
I'm closing in on my 567 tweet..
It feels like a huge weight has been lifted
Nokia & Microsoft don't understand the value of crowdsourcing - they need to light a spark to reach a positive tipping point...
code review with
Wrong Move on #Avon for Not Accepting a $10.7Billion buy-out offer from
getting hair done on Thursday ,
Our pleasure! Attended great #socentwknd session this past weekend- thanks to & for putting it together!
It's official: I CAN'T walk AND tweet at the same time.
K. Will do
thanks for the RT!
#cin372 Let's start the discussion of film noir and The Maltese Falcon.
my parents won't vote for Gary because he is gay. :/
holla @ me rose
#POTUS #SOTU President just drop the mic on the floor and be like and I'm out... Just kidding.
#74 OMG I just love your location! :O!!!! LOVE IT
<U+0093>Blessed are those who can give without remembering and take without forgetting<U+0094> - Elizabeth Bibesco
RT: Needed just a little but of extra L-O-V-E today! <--- xoxo
my brain cannot process things fast enough for tech talk! :-)
Watching Smash <3
i'm watching both games at once and tweeting. i am an awesome multi-tasker.
who's your team?
I have a headache...with your name on it. Ugh.
you better be! hahah :)
ey get it danny
I wanna wear my high rise shorts to school. That's tomorrows goal.
love you too Jess! <U+E056><U+E418>
I went from watch Dick Van Dyke fine tail in his younger days to Toys R us...luvs my son & moms never off the clock
Fence around the garden 2day. That takes care of the bunnies, deer, & turkeys. No shit! Those birds have been hanging around my crib lately.
KNIGHTHAWKS GOAL! Captain Pat McCready gets a feed right in front. Assist by Walters.
The amount of green dye running through my veins is frightening. Must counteract with pizza.
Follow me :)
absolutely -- we're on that!
Distance does not ruin people's relationships. You don't have to see someone everyday to be in love.
The perfect airport pickup! 17 minutes.
I need to go on a #food tour of the world starting in the Mediterranean...
Just wondering!! Lol
Good line I read in a story today: "I have spent my entire life going around with a hammer, looking for nails to hit on the head."
have several bro
yep! totally drew that before I knew it was about sex.... LOL
S/O to the saxophone guy for entertaining me for the better part of the afternoon
Well, we shall see.
I hear that
he a damn catcher I knew that was gonna happen
The massive announcement is coming. Just a few more hours.
At work getting my butt kicked
sorry missed this, out of town last week! E'erthing go well?
RT They say there are no atheists in foxholes, & this is a good argument against atheism. Better argument against foxholes.
that guy with the dreads fine as hell
peace bro havent seen u since the days of Lotus.. hope all is well! follow back
dude we get it. I tweeted it about 9 times. Wtf
So I remind this dude of the song ms. Parker ? Hahahahaha.. #okay ?
“: Having lunch ” enjoy!!!
is that SoBe?? I'll drive there just to get a pic with you.. What do you say??
And you wonder why i get mad at you.
Of course it rains 2 days after I get my car washed. How obnoxious!
Heartworm and Parasite Preventive Recalled Virbac Animal Health voluntarily recalled one lot of its canine heartworm and internal parasit
bribe a politician? no1 cared..have cops transferred at my leisure? no 1 cared..open multiple bank accounts under fictious names? no problem
At Social Media for Nonprofits #sm4np this morning
finna go 2 sleep night world
that is a mission I fully support! I'm looking forward to it :) Will talk soon!
I love the dedication you have for you have my respect on so many diffrent levels
Catcher Power!
I wanna get my nails done
I learned not to include the word "final" in a file name". More often than not I will need another version.
haha, my mum is on a party with her girlfriends and i'm forever alone
I think Harriet Toppingham kind of resembles Ursula Nordstrom. Kathy Bates should def. play her.
doing that stuff with her wont make me jealous and looking back at me with her just makes me know even more that you miss me
" I'm in that 2 seat lambo wit yo girl she tryna jerk me "
A smattering of #Badgers fans at SFO. Can't wait to meet up with and wife for another
Demetrius Hewlin, a student victim wounded on Monday at #Chardon High School, passed away this morning
I hope you get slimed (;
call me the weedman, call me the weedman. damn. haha.
#houston sometimes I just wanna wear my hoodie. Stop being humid!
You can get the best advice in the world but at the end of the day your still going to do what you want.
Learned about a company poised to change the world for the better! Energy efficient homes are coming! Check them out at www.terraso.com
Thanks for the link--this project looks fantastic
thank you for that hot tip
- Beyonce gives an accurate account of our "Extraordinary First Lady Michelle Obama" - I Love the Obama's!
Glass of wine, Twitter, FB, LinkedIn, email x3...good night!
Follow the Challenged Athletes Foundation $1 million challenge. San Francisco to San Diego www.challengedathletes.org and get inspired!
you never asked
watch them niqqa you call yo friends
All-wheel-drive is optional in the Lincoln MKT with the 3.7-liter V6 and standard with the EcoBoost model
I like the movie Titanic
our company uses you. Can't believe you advertised with rush in the first place.
Sounds good, we packed a bin of Organ music. You might want to get to the booth early rather than later in the conference.
PS.. bet knows the song. If not, I'm playing it during our coffee meeting.
No problem! :)
Controlled attention directs your enthusiasm to definite ends,the nearer you come to the ends, the more your enthusiasm grows. Napoleon Hill
I would love to find a cool story about Occupy Wall St. versus the Tea Party. Especially if it had a Romeo and Juliet thing.
haha thanks man :)
Ok I'm bored who wants to talk
"I'm a recovering bully"
I know, I know. But still, you should be a trojan ;)
You're going to book your travel somewhere. Visit our site and enter to win the trip of a lifetime! No purchase required. www.FreeXpedia.com
Lol.. My aunt was on the Trampoline
griffin, you're beautiful(:
#Glee tonight two hours then graduation next week
sign up
the street taught me how to grind, fake people told me not to trust anyone, my kids taught me how to grow up and be a man
If Greinke only would have pitched better, he'd get the all important pitcher's win. I blame him.
thank you both for the great info:) will tag you in tomorrow's article
Lol I'm ready say no more
duh! Pencil me into your schedule. I can meet up with you and Libby in Houston!
Rest in peace michael... Even in death you reach millions of people... May generations more learn of your legacy and amazing art... RIP MJ..
Ha! My favorite is the verb form and here's the sing-along version: "here we go kerfuffling..."
hm idk if the world cans handle us
More alumni-only job fairs will be coming to other cities across the southeast and nation. Be on the lookout for future announcements/dates!
Thanks for reading! There's stuff on there even your little dude will like.
Thrilled to have and subscribed to Rebel.
"The echoes of my voice, follow me down. The shadows I cast, follow me down."
#irallstars Quantitative assessment? Gilman: download #s compared to other university IRs. Billings: I want to catch up with Royster/UNL.
It's so funny family guy
drunk.not me.
does anyone wanna tell me why rishel would make his final SO HARD that he doesn't expect anyone to pass? hello curved grades!
all these teenwolf tweets are gunna make me cry cause i cant watch it at camp... RETWEET AND MAKE MY NIGHT PLEASE <3
Why u all surprised I'm not talking to yu? That's what u get when you blow me off.
Snuck in a couple fat rips of Diablo OG real quick for 420. Been a very busy and costly Monday so far...
I hope he gets well, soon :-)
I wish I had facial hair.
Yeah he's a he! That cool?
When adults think they have authority over you. PLEASE, my parents can't even control me.
Condoms Should Change Colors When They Come In Contact With STD's
They n here throwing these damn beads OMG ... getting aggervated
I love him “: ESPN Writer's"Chink In The Armor" Is The Same As Texas Governor Rick Perry's "Nigga Head Lodge" Comprende?”
i'll be your Minny if you'll be my Mickey<3
#20ThingsAboutMe im #TeamJDM all the way
thats pretty fcked up i sorry mann
realizing i've produced 40+ pages of text in past two weeks. if only all those pages were part of same document, i'd be…impressed w/myself.
I get out of SAT to just have to deal with more bullshit
Homework finally done now I can relax until Monday...then start all over again
Jay-Ism #11 - "You never have to work harder; You just have to work Smarter!"
Hard Rock Cafe will host the 2nd Guitar playing contest "AxeOff USA" Saturday 12 noon. Sexy Axe Girls! & Comedians will be present.
She may be smiling so wide but inside she's screaming and yelling so loudly asking for help.
- is there a JSB Symposium webcast?
We are giving away the Extreme Summer Make Over in a couple weeks! Be sure all your friends and family that live in Tucson are entered to...
Dear : 3mbps down and I pay for "Turbo"? Doesn't help that your tech help call center is unavail.
He who angers you conquers you. - Elizabeth Kenny
Reading all about digital auditing, neglected and damaged data resources, media & data recovery. Magnets, how do they work? Now I know.
Glad you are so busy...I know your clients LOVE you!
have no fear, the crowd is here
who's in for yoga tonight?
Considering that sugar is a metabolic poison, maybe you shouldn't call ur baby a sweetheart! LOL!!!! Unless ur not in love with them anymore
then you don't make me sad. :-)
I hate waking up to rain & having to go to school. i just want to sleep..... :/
Check out our Wall, we need your input for the Dodgeball Tournament in the coming weeks!
Um if we dont talk now...dont expect me to be in contact with you after graduation
it's the single most disgusting creature I could think of. Yet, I have Korean friends who love them. Chacun ses goûts.
at least you had the shoes. but yeah, brrr city.
Lol cause u was demanding in ur Tweet lol goodnight lil bro
Featuring Jessica Sanchez's 'American Idol' fashion evolution today. What is your favorite look so far?
16 years young <U+263A>
I dont even like crackers ;)
just backing He is knowledgeable about diet and exercise. All good intentions. We want to support your goals.
Things don't always go as planned. That's the beauty of science.
Send us some, we have had hardly any snow this winter.
I <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C> you & - thank you both for all you do to push us
Fortune Brands splitting in two. Beam Inc now it's own company.
its a sandwich, dude. Brutha has got to eat, ya know.
She's a monster and I don't motherfucking mind
Need to understand what #RDI is? #RelationshipDevelopmentIntervention is more than #peergroups for #autism. www.nourishedfamilys.com
Book Girl! About a girl who is a "book gobbler."
If You See This Retweet
hey man, all is well. Glad I found ya on here
The only reason people get lost in thought is because it's unfamiliar territory.
George Lopez and Katt Williams are by far my favorite comedians :D I'll be laughing so hard my ribs hurt lol!
If Wade makes his free throws like usual this series is over
Starting the week with prioritizing my workload gives me a clear sense of where to put my energies. The key goals come first.
Delta Air Lines is now the official airline of the Whitney Museum of Art, according to a sponsorship agreement announced today.
McDonald's AA Game or Jordan Brand Classic
God over Everything ! :)
tonights the last episode... salty good season tho
I rather it be free lol RT : yea but id rather watch it on my tv
the fan page has 40 followers already! :)
#NiallHoranIsPerfect and im sayin this while wearing my stereo hearts shirt!
How u gonna pray for me and still Laugh Out Loud (LOL)....LMAO
Dude the post you reblogged about black people. I cant breathe. OMG. hoLD ME.
So glad we connected and thank you for the warm welcome! Looking forward to next time already.
Enjoying a hot chocolate with sea salt (hard to come by off season!) at #Starbucks. How about you?
Apologies if I haven't responded to tweets. Deleted Twitter iPhone app and lost those notifications + often not getting them via email.
You’ve got to get to the stage in life where going for it is more important than winning or losing. Arthur Ashe
I should have had a salad.
RT : A3: I'm a big proponent of the weekly conference call or meeting. No one gets to hide behind email.
GREAT MORNING! Up early after flying back in to Miami last night (late night). Ready for reps visit
Yes. Rain! Rain! Rain so I don't have to water the vegetables tomorrow!
Ladies open bar night club 11-12 just use my guestlist! Only
is it yours? You don't even like the taste lol.
i just figured out how awesome tumblr is
#turntoyou is defiantly dedicated to my wonderful mother <3
Holy @!&#. Saw Flock for the first time tonight. Mad props to Morgan Estill and Dan Mathis for making me a badass posessed chick <3
Get a life. Accusations by inference and innuendo will never get you a Pulitzer!
A dole of architects. RRT RT : hm... what would you call a group of Architects? a pride? a flock? an ennui?
at this lil hood lounge out west
Totally rednecking it, in a jeep with no doors and some van halen blasting. . . Oh and I am wearing heels. . .
somebody hml with these plans tho...
#Blessed to see another day
im pissed of cuz u tell mr shit but u never keep it real like wtf how would u let my dad come again?
don't let pimp u. Be smart & stay focused. Justice must do it's job! Trayvon isn't abt murder...It's about justice!
The #LAKINGS know how to hustle on the ice!
”I've never seen a pot head that fat.”
Espn says 53% of america has never saw an ali fight. Wtf is wrong wit people wheres yr sense of history
haha same here... keep doing it until you're out of chances
Thanks you to.. I do not know why but I am a nervous wreck. Kourts appt is at the same time.. hoping it will help.
Sweet! Wakemate is now full iPad compatible. Testing it out tonight!
my favorite is the scion TC but I love the 67' dodge challenger <<
Thanks for the heads up! It was great meeting you @ the Lauren Elaine event @ Les Deux! Hope all is well!
Just my opinion.It aint "What You know,It's Who You Know". And It Better be an Attorney who knows SOMEBODY. Agent Potter
NO4 IN CHILLIN NICE SPOT GREAT FOOD & PEOPLE
27% is terrifying. At this rate of collapse, neolithic levels of subsistance are just a few years away
RT : Sen. Whitehouse cites "legislative failure" on US search engines taking consumers to criminal web sites. no #stopsopa here.
You stay on twitter
I apologize to all my friends as we are greatly slacking on bringing you all the latest in #Vinylmation news and rumors. It's been crazy!
duhh it's Sushi Sunday! :) if I knew how, i'd send with this a picture of my delicious sushi waiting for me to consume it
People swear they so tough on these social networks, but are on hush when you see them in person
Chink in the armor. Eh, been called worse...
- iight send it to me & give me the info for who ft & who made the beat & all that
Not boutta be stressed out by anyone... Not even you! F*** you!
Remember tomorrow's the last day of Exhibits (hours 9am-2pm). Check out the floor for sales, giveaways, & the big wrap-up raffle
More racist tweets abt Joel Ward..like we didn't see that coming right
Watch Nighy in Pirate Radio, instead.
Im in Love.. with myself.. lol
My forehead burns.
You drinking the water???
happy birthday to you Chuckie!!!
Whoa, Adobe Digital Publishing Suite is $395. Yikes. I was hoping to play with it sometime, but can't afford that.
and we are thankful for you:)
thanks! I will start song 2 tonight.
oh wow! how did that go? i've always wanted to do a juice cleanse but I don't know if I could handle it! i'm doing a general
Weekends go perfect with beaches.
I am at the groundbreaking for the Central Union Mission. We are at the old Gales school at 65 Massachusetts Avenue.
Just bang my fucking head on the car door
so talented and young, i <3 you soo much
First day at the gym this semester. Bout to be lookin like arnold schwarzennegro.
we had freezin cold, snow, rain/mud ha, looking forward to a summer shoot
Alright, time to hit the road, heading to Duluth for a few big estimates.
Yes I have, poor writing but I love the storyline :)
#quotethatmovie "...and, I love to dance"
yah, those nasty corporations that create real jobs and wealth.
how much are tickets for for the 15th?
if killing wasn't illegal i think half of the people in my school would be dead.
Thanks for the Twitter following. I've followed you right back. Happy Mother's Day!
MAJOR announcement about The Vinyl Affair reunion tomorrow at 2. Stay tuned to FB and twitter. // PLEASE RT
yes, love(:
I love Gaga
I know who said that :) RT Heard #throwbackweekend " is like my Dad, feel like I could get great advice from him"
If i worte a song abt #goinMINDLESS i wld call it "To Mindless to Comprehend" :)
Just because you broke up with your baby daddy that does not mean you are "divorced"... quit playing... you were never married!!
If others could know and see, then there would be acceptance.Thank you for the info!It is what it is.
L'Albatros will be open for dinner on Valentine's Day, Sunday, February 14 from 5-9pm. Make your reservations now. 216-791-7880
that mf is cold
love your version of Friday. xD
is the reason why "NPR rocks" at !
for an antiracist account its very ignorant. no wonder why u only have 135 followers.ur a racists evil person oh and im black
Good morning to all our TWEETS SFE Is in the gym @ 645
dude u saw the trailer i sent u
I hate when class is cancelled and the prof doesn't say anything... You send bullshit emails all the time! Send one saying your not coming!
I did as well! Got it back now though. Glad I'm not NASCAR fan who missed race this weekend
MLK Jr. killed it, nailed it, etc with "Letter from Birmingham Jail." #Impressive to read first-hand.
wow. You're right!
well text me
dental dudes
Love the COW
me too!
they sold out of them in about two weeks from the Packers pro shop this fall. It's the 2011 sideline cap. Sorry!
"The Perfect Gettaway" Good movie overall, but the ending... ARE YOU KIDDING ME??? It turned the movie into a comedy?!?!
RT You should ALWAYS be Friends Before Lovers :) R-T if you agree :)
The session has begun! Big shout to DJ Ayana & Caktuz for the Karaoke set. #Winning :)
Yall know im bored right lol!
Rose bowl special $20 bucks unlim taps and halftime buffet, see you soon
we talked it up!!! shh dont tell no one what i told you lol. but yes we shall hang out again soon! <3
I now plan to end every email or conversation with the valediction "Laters, Baby." It simply can't be helped
no it wasn't fool! It will never be! Greenbay for the win! 35-10
Hate to sell my oldschool lak but a nu-nu is on the horizon so out with the old and in with the new!!!!
Try Lavagna on 8th St SE, We would be happy to extend you a 25% off your check this evening.
good luck on your test, and happy valentines day! (ps you're really hot)
Ran 8 miles this morning and just ate a stack of waffles and a whole large pizza by myself for lunch. Behavioral hypocrisy is the best!
you probably made the right decision. Number of times I've enjoyed writing more than drinking: none.
training 2day is 8 mi. for marathoners and 5 mi. for halfers. The lake & lighthouse is calling, see you on the peninsula.
what up ?
But why are you yelling doe
Omg!!!! I woke up this morning SUPER sore
Aw thanks! :) That's awesome! :) Aww sorry about you being sick! I hate when that happens. (C)
Patiently waiting to see if Vinny will tweet anything about this day . . .
The fountain of musical ideas has run dry -_-
when are you coming to the easy coast..?
that sounds awsome
EFFEN CUCUMBER officially my SUMMER drink
Show me why you deserve to have it all.
Nothing can be sweeter than the sound of making love <U+2764>
I LOVE YOU!<3
Oops. Meant Results OF my poll.....
that ditto machine art concept is really cool. thanks for sharing.
Intuition is one of the most reliable sources. Listening to it is the biggest challenge.
totally packed and very festive! Great day in #Fallbrook!
Long day! But it was great. So excited about all the new things happening! I'm makin moves, people! Makin moves.
as I recall, you had some library stuff to do! :-)
and I'll see you in may?
Doritos for breakfast
Prayers for so il. Family and friends there...awful tornado 2 days ago. Some people died/injured. Keep fam and friends in prayers.
Stopping in at Costco on a Sunday. Hope I make it out alive.
Happy Mothers day!!!!!
If one more person say i sound like chamillionaire im gonna scream lol
Whatever you do, stay away from the self-tanner.
U.S. Stocks finished in negative territory; S&P falling below key 1400 milestone, investors stayed cautious ahead of Friday's key jobs data.
Alma: As you can see people arrive daily with the hope of finding work, with the hope of being employed permanently.
Those who stand for nothing fall for anything ~ Alexander Hamilton
S/O to Town Bizzness!!!
Sweet! ": -awesome shout-out this morning on Vital Juice for your free Yin classes this month at the JCC!"
Ugh so stressed, tired and distracted...and I have a migraine
I might have to eat soup for breakfast tomorrow.
"you say I've got a million problems And I say you're got a million more To fix them i'd be a miracle worker Cause your not a typical whore
I miss Blockbuster.
Why does everything have to make sense while I'm in class? At the most unexpected times.
"This song is too poppy for me."- My mom about Daniel Powter's "Cupid." I think I have a budding music snob on my hands...
God please forgive them, for they don't know better.
Hair a bit on fire? RT : I'm in my happy place. My hair is a bit on fire, but man. Happy.
Lindsay Lohan's Mom: 'The Paparazzi Is Just Stalking Her Right Now'
The Battle for Attention was fought in 2012 amongst various parts of self.
hottub. blunt. bed.
Vote for Juliet Simms people!! SHE deserves to win. She has pneumonia and still doing great. VOTE VOTE VOTE*!!
"hey Siri is that rain?"
Good morning!
I spy a sweet popcorn machine outside the first-floor session room.
Walk off home run. This one belongs to the Reds!!
I have a dryer...
Results of Governor's Task Force on Unfunded Mandates? Predictable. Charged not to cost #Va any money, it chased "little things."
Playing with fake blood :P
is your site hosted in another time zone?
Has anyone gotten any great #CyberMonday deals?
THANKS TO ALL MY NEW FOLLOWERS!! I REALLY APPRECIATE IT. YOU CAN ALSO LIKE MY FACEBOOK PAGE.. Alexis Todd Original Superstar Pageant fan pg
Someone tell me who is bernie??? Please tell me who is she?
That's amazing! I'm proud of you! You have come so far from just being a boy from San Antonio. Now your my hero!(: I love you!
yes, bloody worked!
i'm doing #4ii.. was thinking nancy hobbes and rousseau. do you have notes on rousseau at all?
Dear Newt Gingrich ~ Buy Calista another TIffany's diamond and leave us alone now.
Relaxing at Barton Springs with Amber + Lacey. This place is wonderful. Southern galpals, swimming + tanning. Feel like I'm in high school.
thanks jay! I'll check out your book for sure.
Well, I'm tall but my brother's even taller--he's almost 6'4.
Yes, but has anyone rolled around on the hood of a Jaguar??
I think I'm going to put my first book out about sprouts with recipes and stuff. It's an easy way to boost your nutrition.
No Im watching them right now :D
MISS YA!
sorry I missed it in DC. I could only make 1 set and you were sold out. How'd it go? How are you bro? Hang?
Whats up World...
Push it till it dies~ (your car)
Loved quote this am on radio: "#brewers should send a car to make sure Suppan makes it safely to stadium today" Ahahahah!
Aight, is officially in my top ten!
freshly squeezed
hitting coaches take all the heat and don't ever get credit. I want him to stay. AJax is example enough why he should stay
ZAP QUOTE OF THE DAY: "Rule #5: No Offensive Language. Don't be an asshole."
So someone explain to me...is #PandoraJam legal?
Preparing for another exciting day of door-to-door in Ward 5 with
As Times become harder & more difficult the only verse in practice is James 2:16.
Dubstep makes everything better
I just saw Food, Inc. America must provide healthy food to all of its citizens not just those with $ to pay for the expensive, healthy food!
Justin, we all knew you could do it. You made us so proud. Congrats. you Earned/deserved this <3 (:
Save the date for April 27, 2012 for this year’s annual Northern Colorado Dinner "SUPERHEROES: Ordinary People Doing Extraordinary Deeds."
:P I didn't want to get annoying or anything so it was fairly short and sweet :) hahahaha ohh i love those two dramas <3
Drove on the highway today that was a lil scary
Good luck to everyone running the half marathon tomorrow. Bundle up!!
hahaha. you're so kind!
Confucius say, writer with hand on keyboard lead to invented characters. Conversely, hand up ass lead to lonely life.
No doubt! RT : Appreciate u fam. get at me. spread the word
#HappyMothersDay to all of the wonderful mother's in the world who pour their heart & soul into taking care of new life... We need you :)
Ron who???? Ron stoppable yeah
I should probably learn how to direct if I ever want to direct something.
So last night we ripped through some new songs, and i'm pretty sure god smiled.
FREE BBQ Dinner for all active military or veterans with proper Military or Vet ID!
So I painted the walls of my new studio a warm cream color. The plan is to hang some art there tomorrow. It's gonna be NICE!
I remember i went to a party once nd the girls that sold the drinks kept giving me free drinks because they liked my make up and costume lol
It does not matter how slowly you go so long as you do not stop
PRESALE TICKETS FOR #ASAP "A SICK ALPHA PARTY" WILL BE GOING ON SALE SOON. BE SURE TO PURCHASE YA PRESALE #ASAP FROM ANY BRUH
U CAN CATCH ME IN " GUNRU " TODAY WITH COPIES OF THIS # HUSLIN n ORDER vol.1 MIXTAPE ...I'LL BE IN INDIAN THIS WEEKEND PUSHN THE SAME ORDER
can u tweet if u at home on the computer?!?
Happy #MeowMonday How are your feline friends doing?
finally Sam, welcome. MMJ is one of my favs.
So yes, of course! Haha, so cool. :)
OH yeah that was for a TCOT guy so I thought the extra ingedients would help him mellow out.
gotta love the haters.
My DREAM is For You to Follow ME ,iWas Part Of Making Yours Come True, Now Make Mine Come Truue <3 iLoveyou! ;D Ill Never ...
Q Should writers bring props to help with their pitches?
First time watching Dance Moms ever!
I was up for over an hour before I realized it wasn't Monday.
Co-sponsored ‘How #Homelessness Hurts Children’s Health & How You Can Help’ forum in Concord Sunday; great to bring local advocates together
You can bet that never gotta sweat that
May I recommend the tater tots appetizer? M...
break me off a piece of that!!
I need a better source of income!
Still up grinding
": Listening to thinking about all the shit I wish I could change." we're here for you <3
Leaders are people who know exactly who they are. They know exactly where they want to go. They're hell-bent on getting there.
Shooting the final scenes of #Rising Thursday, including how the horror began.
Why don't you say it a little louder I don't think the priest heard you.
since the shark was just out for a snack, and assuming the bomber jumped in the water, hand on his lanyard.. Poor shark.
How easy for you to now be with someone else... Truth be told... Completely breaks me... What do I do with this?
So delighted with Joshua White's success at the Thelonious Monk competition. A dazzling performer who deserves every success!
Local Business Owners Will Pay BIG BUCKS For This! ITs is the HOT NICHE For 2012! You May Be SHOCKED!...
yA and she was telling my mom how she isn't allowed to use her phone on week days and now that rule applies to me!
Shut your mouth I mean that in loving way.
what a great rainy dayy...
Sweden&#39;s Electrolux posts 22% increase in Q1 profit
Prayer is me talking to God and God talking to me
It's a site where you create virtual bulletin boards where you pin images. I mostly use it to collect project ideas. (cont.)
Sheryl Teuscher, our hearts jumped for joy at your generosity! You have made us so elated and thankful! We <3 You. <3 <3 <3
ok I like this.
um, I think I am the one that's honored. I love what you are about!
Today in Boyle Heights: Boyle Heights History Night, 7-8:30PM! Guests include Josefina Lopez ("Real Women Have Curves") reading poetry!
Not really that kind of a conversation. Besides, he didn't ask, and neither did I.
It's pretty amazing how slow some things still are on the Internet. Struggling with Websites and Outlook Web App tonight.
All the way to get success is the way you have to struggling first
Take calculated risks. That is quite different from being rash. George S. Patton
If you have any enrollment questions, we can help! Enrollment Helpline: 608-262-0920 or .edu.
no that's not true
Here we go again
lol no cause ima save up the money he gave m and ima pay her back with her money
LA Lakers<<<<<< LA Gears
I don't get why everyone says he liked me just because we made tons of eye contact..
Just found out today that one 89 year old residents use to be a stripper, idk they had those back in the day lmfao
Quote of the day: The education of circumstances is superior to that of tuition
" feel like I have been criticized by every little thing you've said. now I don't really care cause you're the one thats going down"
Thanks! I'm thinking of taking a day trip down to San Diego soon. We'll have to meet up :)
Hey slut, who cares if this girl sleeps over at her bfs house. She could be much more pure than your ass.
hahaha....where R U from
good point. There's still time for you to rethink your support of SOPA/ProtectIP
What a game,
Yes, I cant wait to do EVERYTHING!! No sleeping 4 me while in the Bay!!! ;)
I have too much stuff. I just found a pair of shoes I know I haven't worn in at least 5 years that I didn't even remember I had.
. discussing ways we can all make the academic conference better fit our needs - sitting how/where we need etc.
your cute...
Thanks for following and !
Don't forget, MOVIE NIGHT THIS FRIDAY!!!! Get psyched! We're going to have dance, music, movies & more! DY Art Center 5:30 - 9:30. BE THERE!
Jake- your a twin too right?
always have to be prepared for that zombie apocalypse...
Talking "Worship leading" with friends and eating cheese cake.
puking at the lake.
Give him some kale.
"Lovely Day" by Bill Withers, among top pop of all time! He's the Cole Porter of pop - mystically grt tunes.
On the flip side suckaz...... shiten ass bitches want to talk but can not put out...o Michelle Woods sucks dick for 25cents weres 50 lol.
We only have 3wks!? RT : Heading to #mlanet12 three weeks from today.
When I was a kid the only person who wore goofy glasses to a press conference was Kurt Rambis and that was because he couldn't see.
It's one of those days, so much to do not enough time!!
my 11 years old brother will come from IRAN only 4 ur concert at universal city, hope they give him a visa, he is over excited
Ok computer. I'm willing to admit it's not you, it's me. Now will you tell me what I can do to fix things? Please??
supply and demand, no?
yea i was really drunk tho was jus getting out of his car
happy tuesday! ;)
It was a birding festival on the south S of Lake Erie. I was so busy birding a partying that I've hardly posted anything yet.
Going to bed early
Peace, health and happiness to all in 2012.
#YouKnowLifeIsGreatWhen...100 years ago you could buy a new car and charge people 1 cent to see it. They knew you had money then
Hi Sweetie! I hope today is better for you & Meg RT : Good morning beautiful. Hope you are having a great day.
If the waitress doesn't have a visible tattoo the restaurant is usually too expensive for me
Happy Pi Day, y'all
Now way, it's TARGET.
Gingrich is OUT! Who will continue the important work of moon colonization?
Denver Art Therapy Counseling Co., LLC - Life can be exceedingly challenging. Normal, good people encounter difficult situations that...
My book, "In Felony's Mirror: Reflections on Pain and Promise," will be available on Amazon in September.
RT : Bear down! Good day at practice today!
But in some ways it's good that he isn't giving up.... Aw.... That sucks.... I hope he feels better once he wins Idol
sorry I missed u! :( good luck!
I was feeling fruity and was contemplating strawberry rhubarb since both are in season here
I swear Rep. Elliot Engel must get there at noon every #SOTU he's always on the front of the sidelines.
Hair modeling shoot today!
Dear , thank you for your ExportPDF service. You have saved me countless hours of work re-typing text. Best $20 I've spent in a while.
“The aim of marketing is to make selling superfluous.” ~ Peter Drucker
RT I can buy a ticket to the moon, but I cantv buy a white iPhone
just about haha
did the same thing..lost my appetite quickly!! Also, Happy birthday!
yeah I heard it was the shit
A man's go to do what a man's got to do. A woman must do what he can't. ~ Rhonda Hansome
Thx Trini! Happy Friday to ya!
Cheesy noodles & hot sauce(: nmmmmm
Palabra to your mother.
Tbch.. I love Probably one of the best belieber accounts out there. Follow himm!
I don't do intensive stuff like gaming/video/photo. Most multimedia/large files go on external HD or through AppleTV.
Holy God I still can't believe Morris' shot went in. I hope he said "eff it" right before he took the shot.
I could give you no advice but this: to go into yourself and to explore the depths where your life wells forth.-Rilke
IDC abt u u or u talking about Black Women or Black Fat. Phooey on u Im better than that. Now whats for dinner?
Booked the Adobe Conference Center for BarCamp Seattle. Rejoice! (via ) rejoicing and retweeting
Moorea is watching that sun. It's starting to show, let's cross our fingers! ;-)
Rain rain go away...
Hey thank you so much for getting back with me, I sent you that email! :)
Lakers traded Derek Fisher to the Rockets. Brb crying buckets of tears.
A good facial scrub before bedtime relaxes me. Well, I'd rather have a glass of wine but this will have to do.
Stop it. You're killing me haha.
Watching Swamp People :-)
Aww, thanks, my loves!
I love this! I'm definitely taking the plunge (post-move!) Thanks for sending my way :)
Everything. Emily, if your reading this, i'm not mad or anything, i just want you to know you can tell me anything! I love you! <3 xx
Ok..I am going to walk and get 6-6 dinner...and pray I find some energy lying on the sidewalk...
Prop8 declared unconstitutional! Awesome news!
What time is dinner? Looks GREAT
Got my other bitch fucking wit my other bitch.
So excited to be a goth cheerleader in the weird al yankovic concert at Warner theater tonight! I mean not excited. Whatever. I don't care.
alright pimp
I'm going to sleep...
Literally sleeping the day away. Not a bad day.
#klout thinks I'm influential about World of Warcraft. I don't even know what that is, nor have I ever tweeted about it.
I hate it when spiders just sit there on the walls and act like they pay rent.
Sedaris? Or of late, Justin Halpern's "Sh*t My Dad Says"?
Beautiful morning at the market. Join us for breakfast, live music, and great food before the afternoon bad weather moves in
Where is Maryland Poker player Benjamin Lin on the list?
Conference discount of 20% off on titles through the #MLA2011 convention. Visit us and make sure to check out our new MLA co-publications
Edward Lewis just said "Facebook is dying". What do you think? Is Twitter where it's at?
love xmas time =]
But not really cause I'm not that kinda girl.
A man cannot directly choose his circumstances, but he can choose his thoughts, and so indirectly, yet surely, shape his circumstances.~ Na
glad if it's true..no 7 hae been missing on the field..
how can Josh Johnson be under the radar? He's a 2 time All Star who's been a stud since 2008
Do you trust me enough, to tell me your dreams?
who's all down for a road trip?!
#NowThatImOlder I wish I was younger!
Forget Mt. Dew, I'm all jacked up on great coffee
I LOVE U
that would be way too much fun- transit knitting club.
Going to a early dinner to celebrate
So saddened by the news about Donna Summer. RIP
RT : The Washington Ballet's ''Alice'' is both a massive production and a massive hit. Do you have your tickets?...
She's coming. My heart is racing. Holiday!
Naked man in front of my store gets arrested! Another day in paradise :)
What Laurie?! I thought you would be rushing out to find it!
I assumed he was gonna say it wasn't workin,
See you soon friends ...
I had one of those little pies today!!!
LOL!!! (in my mind, my dad's hair is still this red.)
This week passed by so fast I blinked and it was over! Being busy and growing a business is the American dream!
#CompCloud ... Cascade Orthopedic reps check their #salescomp numbers daily. Now that is inspiration.
Horrible bosses was pretty funny I thought, Moneyball a great movie if you're even slightly interested in baseball.
Thanks for visiting. It's still under construction. LOTS more coming. I hope you'll join & come back often.
What is your favorite pizza topping(s)?
lol. Are you gonna make a daddy and son song? Like Jamie fox?
Didn't expect a beat down
Spending the day with momma <3
UGH! Double science -______- its okay, its almost over .. Tweet me ! Lol jkkk I have math next
Breakfast for dinner tonight! Come in & try some of our customer's favorites.
wait are they only staying for the weekend?!
Don't add someone on FB, see them at the club & tell them to add you on FB. You look like a damn fool.
Shoot me a text if you are headed to Vegas this weekend...ROBBIE RIVERA at Surrender on Saturday, I got you! 480.612.3337
Heading to west va.gettin some family time
oh yee i forgot u will never shut up bby(;
Please add me to your myriad of followers (re The Five);2nd contact--think A -s-
that's cool(:
I hope you don't get known for nothing crazy.
#stlcards And just like that Cards are 10.5 back Brewers. Last week's sweep all for naught. This team has no more fight in it. Bye, Tony!
Hoop time CSU
I had lunch with a Canadian.
it's not that late...
yessssir, and good. I'm glad to help.
Check your messages pls. (:
"Don't make me hit you with my pocketbook."
Rappin in French? I admit it is HOT!!
Amazing start to the #Grammys. Can't wait to see live again!
what up bro! hows it going?? Can't wait for the big surprise wednesday!!
How does linked (semantic) data impact the web 2.0 business model?
love all of you!! we're gonna kick ass tomorrow:)
thanks! mighty kind of you to say!
Haha! I wish I had the room for a big BBQ party. One of these days we can do a FOX 12 Weather BBQ Tweetup.
Hey Ladies! Its your night in the restaurant, all of your food is 50% off tonight!
I really love my friends. Especially <3
If hes not here, im going home, no afterschool
There's a town in NJ called Bernardsville (pronounced BER-nerds-ville). You know a person's not a local if they get it wrong.
Guess ill slide and grabs some dutches
Jessica Lefkow evokes 'Loops' episode in thinking about patterns in first scene.
I think you can still attend, but the time has past for a free drink ticket via the tutorial. is checking on this
it's gorgeous days like today when going to Fire Island like Aunt Joanne suggested would be amazing!!
haha we gonna win no need to worry we gonna win champions league ;-)
oh mr , you warm this troublemaking critic's heart with Tangerine. Lovely opening for #BestShowWFMU tonight.
do you think he did the Gebco dance when he got the news?
good day today...much better than yesterday! Cute guy ordered a crazy banana split but was super nice about it.
Which part is the surprising part for you?
First name Rissa. Last name Parker.
“: RT“: It appears, Rush Limbaugh has pissed off the wrong people”// #stopRush”
I feel like a cranky old woman , I dont wanna hear no ones mouth , just peace & quiet for just 10 sec
Unless we change our thinking, it will not matter how much money we make. We will never become wealthy.
Happy when your not around ; go Back to work!
I'm really down with any kind of flying if it involves a castle :). Also btw, how are you?
Waka waka she she la do.
My sister held that ring last Friday. Said G is messed up, stones loose. Was either thrown or run over by car...
boii u dumb . Look him up lol
'High Noon' is one of my favorite Gary Cooper films. I hear a remake is in the works. Meh.
ah well I have given thought to doing the same via bike but across the country
i guess im just curious as to why #YoMamaSoFat is trending on here ?
What do you think was the worst first round pick?
G.M.N.I.: My niece has too much energy 2day. I'm worn thee fuck out -_-'
you guys are amazing! I love this show and hope to join your team someday!
Ol' little dick nigga!
Plaxico is hosting Prive New Year's Eve this year... free "groin shots" for everyone. Pass it on! Check out sobenewyears.com.
You wish Pittsburgh had a basketball team, but pull for Boston since they don't. Why you hating on Philly so hard?
with Drake? I am not ashamed to say I like his new album
you've been hacked
yep! How did you know?
Well we aren't starting
Congratulations to Bryce Harper for hitting HR No. 1. You always remember your first time...around the bases.
Jessica Sanchez?!?! LOVE her!
I started this account about 3 hours ago and now I have 79 followers...must be working! :)
Sweet F-bomb from Gerald Wallace.
feeling cool because follows me.
Yessiree. Will you be having any later?
LAKERS WIN! LAKERS WIN! LAKERS WIN! No World Peace, No offense coordinator coach, No Bynum, No Problem!
no it isn't they're unisex shoes!
Congrats. Break out the grill, beer brats and a 12-pack of Spotted Cow then!
A slow mo AGH cam of the Marlins home run statue? Ugh.
I can listen to him all night !
where you out at? raider affiliates and fam out here that fucks with ya
sleep time
Turn the heat on! And sleep! #GreatIdeas haha
thanks igniters for making me feel like I'll have all the time in the world during my 12 minutes on a panel
it was raining so we couldn't stay outside and we had to go into the gym and i hate doing that so we chilled there haha
Had a great movie night w/ the family watching Mr Popper's Penguins. A little sappy but cute. Can't beat quality family time.
is heading off to New York City (and the Tribeca Film Festival?) for the next week.
I should go to sleep :/
Already 61 degrees on Bainbridge Island...it's going to be great out today! Maybe I can move my desk outside today?
The media wants to edit and show coon (ism) and we except it and/or are apart of it.
Ok! Tweet me anytime. I'm usually here unless mom needs puter 2 work or I'm in trouble. Um, I get into trouble a lot. :o)
Just erased three ppl numbers
I love the Office.
Simple changes in wall design can save kid's in school during earthquakes- Revkin's mission is to get the info shared
Nice work! :D
Praise GOD
A Pancho will come in handy right around now. And no I do not mean my uncle!
Is there a better way to start off the month than a piping hot pizza for lunch? We think not.
S/O to who is super cute(:
Updated the filmmakers page with the addition of our visual effects guy Aaron NelsonCaviglia and one of our choreographer Rowan Spiers-Floyd
Landy aka mama is so damn bad!
“ Oomf has the SWEETEST kisses!!! M”
Hi could you have Roi email me a run down of everything he wants us to do? He will understand what I'm talking about.
I love you <U+2665>19
just gotta love learning new things ! especially when they finally start hitting !
puttin the team on his back like dat doe!!
Everybody a bunch of bitches
that means that Stephen A Smith is vindicated. He said it first. Btw, haven't watched a minute of the ego-fest.
Love your life, only you can create your own happiness, hope everyone has a good day, i love all you people!
yeah but he doesn't have swift, awesome one-liners like Tony Stark
I like my music real loud
#liamlovedirectioners SCORE! What a nice man...
hah ok I'll walk fast
Man the suit this guy has on is sharp. Im gonna ask him if I can borrow it!
I admit it, I had to look it up. More of a fighterati than a literati. But when me cometh to SG, we should find a bar like that.
will yall help us get our followers up by spreading the word about us! Please follow
You talkin' to me?? LOL - I'm lost in Tweetdeck world - where are you????
But just the result of me paying attention/ to these women who think like men with the same intentions.
need a rt for my boy he put up with some serious bulls**t tonight...
im more than glad im complete:)
Think I might take her öut ..when I leave the studio ...
i really wish i was at the DC show right!!!
Actually it is and
Man I hate infomercials
I think Seau is a lesson to all. Sit back and love this shit bc we only get one chance
Dead tired, need to practice speech uhghhh
any word on who may fill that last US roster spot
thank you for the RT,Todd
Claire has ruined me. I can't stop saying it.
That's a Brand New album cover. Fact.
I never noticed b4 but that heifer got herself n2 all that mess b/c she WISHED the Goblins to take the baby away?!? #words=power
see, that's why Brotha's love white women !!
The 2012 Trail Grazers Cow Calendar is now out! Like this post if you hope to find one in your stocking this year.
team game, dude. Not horse or 1 on 1. Boston plays team ball and that'll beat 2 duplicative talents. Need Bosh.
a really hot picture of us before football! x
I AIN'T EVEN MAD. LOL
- yea? So your avi .... Who do you model for? Lmao.
Connectivity is a barrier to access in Sub Saharan Africa, further marginalizing groups who are already politically marginalized
Girls need to realize wearing pants past your belly button is so unattractive...
Yes, leave from Miami. Going to Key West, Grand Cayman and Jamaica.
I'm so nervous for DD right now....
what is a cat's favorite breakfast cereal? Mice Krispies
thanks, lady :)
Go Pads!
It's Friday!! That means Fish Fry-Where will you go tonight for a fish fry?
Back in da House of da Lord celebrating 1st Lady Proctor's(my 2nd mama) bday...
Looking at 200 photos submitted on for a exh/competition. We'll be curating a site; there's a lot of talent !
Evolving is not about looking back, it's always about moving forward
to be honest yes i want this paper to write itself
Good morning everyone, wishing you a very positive day, Enjoy it!!! Stay happy as long as you can!
Show this video to your kids. You'll both bet a good laugh and maybe a lesson too. Video: This is how to teach teens the perils of distracte
"there are probably 200 bookstores in this room alone" via
I kno cause on my Hanover it said I had a 81.7% but she gave me a c+ and everything was graded so I emailed her but no answer
I have my tickets for the concert in Vegas! I can't wait to see you guys! You truly saved my life <3 I am so proud of you
CATCH ME IN PERFECTIONS TONIGHT !!
How was your field trip?
#Authors, great new collaboration coming soon between , and
Cheers to weekend! Anyone trying a new beer?
Playing Kingdom Hearts.
thinks that you shouldn't wait to reserve those Bruschetta tickets!
just lost points lmao.
I'll take it! Way to battle back!! We are still alive! Let's bring it back to Orlando!!
", we coming for that spot to take it back..." #Jamlaplaylist...Taking the army to the beach...
Sorry won't be open tonight. Flat tire on freeway and wouldn't you know, a flat spare tire!!
hahaha what are you trying to say?!?
yeah I have it in the fall I'm sure it will be awful
Man, first her parrot now her dog. Sad :'(
RT : “When you know what you want, and want it bad enough, you will find a way to get it.”
Harry Potter needs 8 movies to seek and destroy Voldemort. Chuck Norris needs 4 seconds.
hurry up! Lol
im coming love. > <
but what's rickys though ?
I'm friends with u here silly.
Last day producing Live at 4 this week. Got some fun, different elements in the show today--a couple live interviews.. mixin it up!
hey guys! A NEW #Victorious in 0 minutes! nick! nick! nick! change the channel RIGHT NOW!
your reaction to the men showing up was perfect!! LOL!
We support
My cat just tried to hijack this Twitter walking all over the keyboard.
This lady was giving me head, stopped, reached into her purse, pulled out a butterfinger and ate it.
lol... Did you aak what that means?
aw cute:)
Experience in medical, law, and museum libraries and a taxonomy, and not even out of library school yet. Definitely an member.
Does it get hot in the summer though? East County type hot? lol
This ensemble has the passion for this art form and is sure to perform from the heart!
Lob city!!
"once you had the best you cant do better" point .blank period. :-)
tweet me ! :D
Agree! RT : True affirmation of another has the power to develop true change
I have heard about flurries but this shit is taking like 20 seconds to hit the ground.
Thanks! Consider adding url to your profile.
You only come around when it's beneficial for you.
Lots of multiples. Is it better to have 4-5 outlets or concentrate efforts on one or two to build audience/community?
i love you too :) cash
Austin's favorite color is red. RT if you like the color red! (:
I want to live down here.
Also, a HUGE thank you to GOD. God, was our first donator with 100 heavenly dollars!
So excited about new upcoming programs on ResearchChannel: efforts to save the silky sifaka lemurs of Madagascar, research on memory & more
Consider your body a canvas. It's up to you whether you create a masterpiece or a cartoon.
can you register @ the door for the symphony happy hour?
News of Chuck Brown's death is apparently crashing website
Today at the Burnheart'sPBR block party we're serving our monstrous slices with either cheese, pepperoni, italian sausage, or vegan sausage.
whats with Houston getting no love?
see isn't that song great and pretty
Schizophrenia beats being alone.
yeah.... lolol. i can see them on my ipod though (: but im not on it right now.
“Life is not about if you see the cup as half full or half empty it only matters what you are drinking, water or posion”-Mark Ibrahim
Oh gosh no he is Not famous..
#LaSwagga needs an investor for a tour after the tour we leave for in May. All #investors receive 150% back of what they invest. LetsGo!
Not to be racist... But when someone speaks a different language all I hear is ching chong chang or hola hola taco! Or comrades.
you're pretty.
thx for the #FF. a little delayed. busy with writing :)
Did you know that Miami is the Wreckreational Diving Capital of the World, containing over 50 diveable wreck sites.
Off to the ZOO! Can't wait to see the snakes and monkeys!
your a A-List now. Leave the #RHOA is the dust. These women and show are a wet towel on you career.
how did you start acting?
indeed 'tis. But makes sense. Still sad.
“I am always doing things I can’t do. That is how I get to do them.” -Pablo Picasso
RT : Wow. to deliver
I won't be able to come to work today, cos' my goat committed suicide. (Actual excuse) In rural area's, grazing goat's are tied with a st...
I'll direct message you my email address and you can tell me all about the project- What you need done, type of music, etc.
dreading this weekend!
Still Bobby Roode.
Highest attrition in hospitality, aviation sectors: Survey
A Saturday night -- which I figured would be challenging. Working with a group that loves AJBs but of course it's a peak time!
look at your cute new icon! Where'd you get it?
Why This Miami Dolphins Fan Can’t Wait for “Miller Time” in 2012
Really? You should understand our excitement more than anyone else fellow cellar dweller
Just had a great program about Aunt Molly Jackson. You would've enjoyed it...looking forward to your next book!
We're excited to meet new dancers! will you join us Sunday? Thanks for RT
I am at the point in my life where i give up and say fuck it..i just dont care any more..my heart is geting cold and cold i dont care...
dinner and beers at hopleaf = overstuffed goodness
I can neither confirm nor deny that I fought a snuggy before the game and am wearing it's hide as a victory belt.
Happy birthday! Enjoy your day :)
but you know shat that means emotions make my fanfic chapters better muaha
One singular goal - Create students who have the will to _____.
I haven't tried it myself. If you're moving blind (like I did two years ago) I think there are 2 solid options...
How big was the HDD of your very first desktop machine?
That girl is crazy!
Sveum might want to just jump ahead and get that position player out to the mound right now.
Finished video chatting w/ a customer for 2 hrs to finalize finishes in her home. We go above and beyond for our customers at Lake Bluff!
Holy crap. I totally just got asked out on a bona fide actual date. And I said yes. SO WEIRD.
essays suck. my right arm is definitely bigger than my left now.
Did everyone have a good Halloween yesterday??? :)
1 store. 1 store getting some delicious sheet cake.
when is it
Ignorance is bliss.
Sorry, I have to head out. Have a fun chat, everybody!
Yay - I no longer feel guilty! Informed reviews ain't free, bottom line. UGC = hit 'n miss
got that #sudiproject yet?
So, how is the new cat working out for you?
I'm so sad I just broke my iphone
so I give up trying to get you to tweet of follow me..
thanks for spreading the word!
That whole arguement started with McDonald's. "You aint 'bout this life." lmao
Thank You ! Hope You Watch :)
Coloring Easter eggs with thee fam and
With the end of soccer season here in Philadelphia, I am left with hockey and football
Don't sell yourself short; coprophiliacs would probably be into that.
No..thank you!! Totally excited to see you! RT Thanks to all who came out to tonight!
don't live to impress people. This is what I call 'Jealousy and Boredom', don't take notice. There's nothing wrong with you.
RT : Aw shucky ducky! It's as much fun to type as it is to shucky duck!
we'll try to order up some sunshine for you in Seattle... Happy trails!
And I concede lol
that means a lot coming from a big shot like you!
"cee lo" actually means "see low". Because he looks so short lol
Too bad I have to have people do mine because I can't do one
another revelation. Why, you think you saw his car? No. I think I saw your car.
Im wasting my time
Unfortunately won't have a Droid version out in time for Black Friday :(
if I hear one more bloody ad for Valentine's Day flower services....!!!! my wife's getting a bottle of wine and a good time, no flowers!
I call mine "Jaynestown" to go along with my "Firefly" named devices.
just bought my tix for #FiveYearEngagement tonight, SO EXCITE!
Guys will always be able to make girls cry but, if a girl can make a guy cry...... she must really mean something to him...<3__<U+2665> ..
Mike, thanks for the welcome tweet! Yes, we have good things on deck. Stay tuned.
Learning #English as a #foreign #language? How do you say your phone number? Contact us for pronunciation and intonation support
GCSE League table debate demonstrates measurement so critical to learning initiatives at every level
Joe Beesman Hall spotted behind the backstop at the UK-IU baseball game on
All Beliebers Please follow me i donate 10 cens to pencils of promise please follow me and help me make change in 2011!!
Do u like or dislike Kevin Nash?
Thanks for the HTML5 Brunch shout-out, Gene! Missed the top 10 by this much! And thanks so much for making it so fun!!
GAME DAY... Bear Down Cats! We've got plenty of tvs, inside and on the patio to watch the game and enjoy an ice cold beer!
also, Thanks for the reminder! Really don't want to leave that page up anymore!
It don't matter your race, just take a blunt to the face
Hazlett points out we've evolved beyond broadcasting but govt still protecting them to detriment of broadband and consumers
woo thats kid any tanagents in it ;)? & jeans hightops idk wit top what abot u?
Have fun in the city! :D
dammit your kid is like three days old and you haven't sent a photo yet. What, are you busy or something?
Ouch! I cut my finger :(
we can get there bro!! But No more chimichangassss.
I've been waiting all day for ya babe So won't cha come and sit and talk to me And tell me how we're gonna be together always.
do you guys really believe in that horoscope horseshit?
Like Buffalo Wings & Cheese Steaks? Good ole bar food! Tonight Live at 6pm LA time 9 East Coast. all new SINGLE CHEF www.theroomlive.com
RT : We hope you can join us for our LIVE Twitter chat today from 2-3 pm. Topic: Outdoors in #ElPaso. Use
will you be mi Amor..?! :P
I just realized that if Dick Clark has passed.. Who will ring in the new year? We'll played #Mayans.. Well played.
Sometimes my gifted 9th graders would prefer a textbook. It requires a lot less critical thinking and collaboration:(.
Who said I ever went to bed? ;)
Atleast you took a picture of the title <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
when did u go??
I love when Packers follow me! Thanks !
omg can you send me the link, i cant find a good one
One of the many reasons is awesome: he indulges (and encourages) my love of Voltron!
I ain't gone flex, I'm not gone front, you know if I ball then we all gone stunt!<U+E415>
I wish it were my own, but all the credit goes to Jack London :)
Knowing where you stand is the best piece if information ever.....
Happy Monday Coach K Nation, you can't win a championship by complaining! -THE COACH K OF LIFE-
I also love hearing how much everyone here loves & uses (in a variety of ways!) their !
why the hell did i get up?? school is the last place i want to be.
Really like your work!
Luv all my followers not trynna sound greedy but i would like more
unable to provide customer service. Do better.
So you went to the game??!! Ha you loser, why you didn't tell anyone...smh FAKE!!
happy bday old man
Good, solid drive by Vick and the birds. Need a good stop by the D.
Art-making taps into our flexible intelligence, helps us remember our connections, feel hopeful, hold contradictions...
why is #CongratsGaga trending? she's not having demon spawn is she?
The really bad part of that is U will send the message *"Telling" them to call* they still send Txt messages & emails .. ??? WTH SMH
We'll be releasing our new single "God Bless Yoga Pants" this Wednesday! We'll also be chatting/playing acoustic on stickam shortly after!
I have those thoughts as well...
I'm not the problem. You are.
New BOSTON song coming today!
Mind of a genius. Talent & Potential of a multimillionaire
All this time I been following
LARP keepin it real on the U of A campus. Hehe love it!
I'm baking me some cookies until my mom comes home to cook me dinner
Its ALIVE! its ALIVE.. YEAAHUHUWAHAHAHAAAHAHAHA
Been struggling with that off and on for a few weeks. Usually happens in regular site. Might have to resync/download app again.
we have 13 dollar presale tickets. Get at me here if you are in need.
Anybody else jump rope? Am I the only one who double-jumps for each turn of the rope?
easy! Thanks for sending the full link.
Awww, strip club visit cancelled. The big tough guys got tuckered out. I feel like I missed male anthropology class.
for all of us who have walked past the screaming kid in Walmart and thought I'd be high ALL THE TIME IF THAT WAS MY KID.
Great day laying by the pool!! :)
You Are On Fire Today : )
Grateful & thank GOD for a peaceful home,I luv looking thru the window at the trees unfortunately I'm not for the creepy crawlers out there.
It is time for exercise. Weight lifting. Then cardio. But then the difficult yet most important part. LOW FAT. LOW CARBS 1gram protein/Kg
Long #Brewers game. I may need to fire up the grill again. I'm
The time I've spent studying tonight for my AP tests tomorrow is about the same amount of time the O's spent finding corner infield defense.
Fuck love because everytime I put my heart out there it gets stomped on.
Go out and support local music this weekend! ROCK n' Roll!
Napa? Nice, me and my ex did a tequila tasting in Mex. She got hammered, punched me in the face & flew home.
Gotta do something fun to speed things up
Bernie Sanders.........one of the VERY FEW lawmakers who is actually LISTENING to the People! Bernie, you're our Hero!!
not at all! Looking forward to connecting!! I'll warn you I'm slow with FB messages. So just tweet-remind me :)
It came from Mike epps mouth himself another Friday will cum out this summer starring himself and Chris Tucker...PS don't bootleg go see it
Well with all my college/scholarship stuff done.. nothing left to do but wait. It's making me anxious to go!!
lol that's what I said!
[FACT] Stanford actually owns the patent to Google's algorithm. Google gave away 1.8 million shares in exchange for exclusive rights.
My twitter randomly unfollows & follows people..
random channel for hitters, the weather channel
There is so much to say and yet I find the words inadequate to describe the absolute beauty of her
That's what I assume, but they don't specifiy.
I C right thru U
ill miss you to haha! im trying to figure out how to delete it lmaoo!
Hopefully this time they won't all be about National Treasure.....just kidding.
I have found that if you love life, life will love you back - Arthur Rubinstein.
Today was the best day ever we had so much fun!!!
Creativity is allowing yourself to make mistakes. Art is knowing which ones to keep
Creativity is a characteristic given to all human beings at birth
How is it that my 8 year old son was able to dominate me in Madden 2010 for PS3? Relentless. Play calling. Smack talk. The whole bit....
RT "[#Racism] is not about how you look, it's about how people assign meaning to how you look."~ Robin D.G. Kelley, Historian
Simpson Strong Tie SET-XP22 22oz Structural Epoxy-Tie Anchoring- anchoring adhesive
Shamrocks start game with three well-hit base knocks and now have runners at corners w/ 1 out in B1.
Tornado watch is in effect for Bay, Calhoun, Escambia, Gulf, Holmes, Jackson, Okaloosa, Santa Rosa, Walton & Washington Counties - til 2pm.
RT dear happy me, stop spending money. love, responsible me.
would like to meet a man named Ravi.
Cripple of Inishmaan are on TUESDAY! Contact Matt McIver if interested!
Audition #4 with David Wallimon with and !
jealous I wish I could be there! Come to NYC!!!
“ i really hope we can wear button ups next year . Them ugly ass polos piss me off .”
great job Ravens
My children are a blessing. Feeling like I should have more
Thought I was getting a good #camera op rate until Don Omar mentioned his. $150k/hour! Nevermind.
You're cute
Yeah... I already miss Morgantown. It's WAY better than this area.
Hey Cameron, thanks for the lousy Customer Service.
Good luck with your customer visits today! :)
Stop it. You're making too much sense... You know, everyone is adapted to frigid temps, even my...
Just loaded some new questions into #SportingExplore live play. Lock in your answers!
Plaid's all good?
make-up op doen
I'm so graceful, it hurts. I mean, I literally hurt myself with my grace.
I usually don't like Applebee's but it was fire today
More bad news. I just wanna get on with my life
i definitely will! haha ;). i'll keep you posted!
Cheating or your woman is what chumps do, step up and be real to her and yourself! If you don't want her let her go, somebody else will...
#AaronCarteronGlee gurl please, he follows me on twitter.
LOL, if I was smart enough to do that, I would, but not quite sure how. I'll have some free time @ work, maybe I'll try 2nite
New dance shoes will debut tomorrow. Can't wait!
Hi sorry for late response. I wasn't getting my messages for some reason. Thanks for looking!
#ReplaceTitlesWithTampons Semi-Tampon
RT thanks Booskie and I sure will luv u n my boo thing MaJur cant wait 2 c u later/ love u too!! Can't wait!!
Just got in from the pool
Assembly Speaker Jeff Fitzgerald raises just $77,000 in last quarter of year, far behind Tommy Thompson and Mark Neumann
Real men never stop trying to show a girl how much she means to him, even after he's got her.
We love Thanks for the awesome interview. You were a pleasure to talk with and a sweetheart. :)
whats on the agenda:Securities Lending Outlook
Last Day of break before school. Been so damn long. HAM this semester. <<lol yeah right.
What is a good diva name? Its for my rocket.
Hearing in computer class! Full blast haha with
Continued... Pachyderm project iPad app generated by
I'll Be In VA Later Tonight <U+2708>
OMG OMG OMG. IM SO EXCITED.
I guess this game could be worse; It could be on #Versus ...
Also, if you can pass it on to as many people as you can! Thanks!
why dont I have friends like Carrie Bradshaw? I need Miranda, Charlotte and Samantha here ASAP.
Its time for a change!
Who needs bosh?
let's stress ;)
For sure! There are all kinds of words that are benign over here but inspire fits of naughty giggling in our UK counterparts
don't worry cutie u.u
Thanks for the RT! Hope you have a beautiful Tuesday :-)
Would you like to be in my video for Austin? :)
Happy #mm to everyone!! What's on your playlist?
Don't ask me for SHIT, I ain't doing SHIT, Errrrbody can get it how they live!
Kind of like how my family thinks I know everything about IT since I "work with a computer all day".
Uh oh... That doesn't sound good.
Yes you do! You don't say it ert. It's "air" ret. Hear the H in that? Yea, you do! Long "view".
HAHAHA Yes. It is, actually.
Not sure if we want that treatment, but we certainly might need it. What a clever device, and there's no bargaining with it!
The lessons learned from history depend on the quality of the student
Passed out during the Fifty Shades of Grey skit on SNL last night and had nightmares. I CAN'T UNSEE IT.
Did Biz Markie have a xmas album? Because I think I just heard him singing about santa.
You cut spending and we'll keep cutting class.
Charmaine Thanks for following me on Twitter! Don't forget to follow me on Google+
I just got semi asked out....
Im good just seeing whats up with u
Music to get me going today will be George Harrison All Things Must Pass. Such a great record!
Coming up right after NASCAR on Fox 9 we'll show you the progress of those dangerous storms approaching MN.
I'm neither of those things, trying not to throw up is what I'm doing...hence why I was looking for delivery..
Had a wonderful day cleaning windows!
you should make bacon and then replace the butter in the recipe with the bacon fat!
Fresh Webb Masta Haircut, looking Sexy for the 2012 Spring Fling Festival me and bout to TEAR DOWN !!! B-)
I feel like were the only Mexican family in WinCo right now
I demolished that tuna melt and those steak bites. That was a perfect 1UP. Time to drink again?
Happy Pilot season all... :)
One more week till I'm a senior and one step closer to growing up!
happy birthday mr. plum!
text me. I need advice.
#stateofthecity Mayor says he's proud of Hanna avenue repair project
Up at 4 am. Baby went back to sleep, wife hasn't stopped. I refuse to work before the sunrise.
One of the worst phantom calls I've ever seen
Thank you to all who came out yesterday for the Grand Opening of Red Ivy Sports Club! We had a blast and hope you did too :)
Dodgers are claiming Bryan Stow shares blame for getting assaulted. Somewhat like saying a raped woman "was asking for it."
The text message and email alerts have worked very well for me. Keep it up!
Healthy weight loss or gain should not exceed 1-2 pounds per week, also check with a #dietitian or Dr. before starting to make sure its safe
Rough way to start the week
on the playground is where i spent most of my days
How about "This is a Coalition update only, but be aware we may ask for your help and action in the future." at the start?
if billups was playing, i would be worried..
Goodbye my friend
Peyton Manning would own Jeremy Lamb on Xbox 360 or PS3 with team Africa in Fifa 2013. Take an iPhoto and #SyncWithTwitter Uganda
slaving away with my writing partner
About to Bang the chick you DM on twitter
Happy Mothers Day!
Perfect fall weather for an #pumpkinspice latte. Luckily there was no sign of #MrPeePee at my location
when people tell on you for havin 4 people on your team in the gym '
so does my job but the money is worth it. Lol. ;-)
thank you! (:
Actually not sure if slideshare Tour is 508-compliant, but I'm not too familiar with adaptive tech. ?
Is Owen Wilson somehow not a complete doofus in it?
Checkout our Pitt Football Tailgating Game
Next uses different algorithms to determine relevance. I don't like that I can't know what's under the hood.
Forgot who said it but the #Yankees have three HOFers in their infield. Tex ain't too shabby either.
You still up? :)
Did you or your brothers ever get to work with Dr. Death Steve Williams?
Distribution: pushing content from one source to infinite # of locations, but does not guarantee initial source meta is maintained.
Oh Yeahh Huh! (: THanks 4 The Advice Of Music!!
November is Rosehaven's Month. Stay tuned for details and release date of our upcoming film 'Fair Play'!!!
why we just can't be greedy :-)
It is a roasted butternut squash and red potato kind of night!
Dont hate us musicians because we do things you cant and prolly wont ever do.
Testing was easy
Some of the new Fall Shows look great... anyone seen a comprehensive list yet of what was picked up? SpeedReels has an inquiring mind.
I just saw they won 5 grammy's including album of the year. Pretty awesome. Their new album is maybe their best
Since I'm stalking you on Facebook, Twitter and Google+, it's only a matter of time until our paths cross. Hope U had fun.
you're so welcome RT: Thank you so much, you're so sweet <3
I want to get a VIP ticket. D:
ugh i hate that shit . im not a mf taxi <f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0095> .
Thanks for the promo for Bike Night!
God, its raining, again. And this time its a damn storm
70% of Swedish women claim to have participated in a threesome.
alright let's not be funny..lol I can just hear his grind. But hey that's my opinion he ain't helping "My Cause" so Next <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
“: I hate when you can't tell if a girl Is flirting, or just being nice.” learn
For the past few nights I've gone to sleep at midnight. Then, I wake up without an alarm at 4:00AM. Okay body.
check out my web site. multi site retail manager. www.filmproces0130.moonfruit.com
I personally don't like the cp3 trade why couldn't we just send Pau and not odom until we got superman
Crazy day at #crystalmountain. So much snow -- over the head powder shots all day
First phase is see what the conference can broker. After that, AFA will have to mull its options RT What station? Pay per view?
The fluttery feeling of getting flowers from someone special officially cancelled.
Is this the first time Driver was in the final two?
The subtle racism these people embraced while POTUS was White became blatant racism after Pres Obama was elected.
I WANNA BE FAMOUS !
“Life's tragedy is that we get old too soon and wise too late” ~ Ben Franklin
suck! mean and inconsiderate!
Community and Creativity at Carmen Oaks. Hands-on art programs, music, intergenerational mural making...
You guys, I just bought new colors on Draw Something and I'm really excited about it.
RT ": I have the funniest little sister I swear"
Thanks Roomie! Still not sure exactly how to use this thing, i feel like a Grandma whose grandchildren set up her twitter.
ZirMed offers a #SaaS, #cloud solution for your healthcare patients to pay online. #onlinebillpay Let us show you what we can do for you.
Thanks for RTs and mentions:
I read that last sentence in Grandpa Simpsons voice.
After 6 rounds of this 12-round fight, pretty even. Now we're in the 8th round and the Ducks have been knocked down twice & staggering
#iLoveMyMomBecause no matter what I know she'll always be there for me
Yes sir
in there with his 1st win what up doe!!!
GOD doesn't bless America. Capitalists would like us to think otherwise.
One was an escape and one was reality. In life, which one is it that we can't live without?
what's up with #Marriot? I haven't heard from yo in fo'ever!
Walking your talk is hard but usually more fun! -
This is the year of Enterprise and productivity apps! Says 's Tim Chang.
NIght tweets! Fully enjoyed my weekend on set, but am definitely enjoying catching up on tv.
invoking The Name of the Rose first thing in crosschannel keynote talk...great way to start!
Update.... will be performing at the Jimmy Buffett concert May 26th Farm Bureau Live Amphitheater Virginia Beach, VA
“: Mitt Romney is a perfect example of GOP morality: organizes pro-Vietnam war demonstration, runs to France to avoid draft.”
Junior Jose Estrada of Montebello Cantwell-Sacred Heart is putting on an offensive show in the Southern Section 50 Pts.
"Fly Over States" #NowPlaying and win tickets NEXT on
About to finish my essay ( :
that just made my night.
LMAO I bet they did ruin MTV somehow, some of their ealier work. They also made Buckner miss that ball. :)
Ya know, I miss having a boyfriend.
UVic to host Canada-U.S. field hockey games - Victoria Times Colonist
#ThingsISayWhileReadingMyTL "this dude has to be on something.."
your pretty thankz for following me(;
sometimes you have to say goodbye to the ones you love if its meant to be they will come back if not smile because there used to be
it's background music haha
Gotta love this home plate umpires call
I am HUNGRY!!!!
Now we fuccin n she cussin she can't take no more of me
I wish I was in N.Y right now getting a cream cheese bagel I miss my morning bagels in ny. I just miss you all together!!! Devastating!! Smh
you can't give me the silent treatment! I give you the silent treatment!
Looks like ive made a mess of things.
From the cosmos.
Gotta get things together because at the end of the year I'm moving out!!!
I can't work out if this is because I am considered of good character or if I make you look good by comparison
Kev Kev's about to ride his first ferris wheel since 1989. Get excited.
OMGosh finally met owner of my building. Single nice funny & his daughter went to the same school as mine!!! Small world. A very good day..
I think I'm worth it.
happy belated birthday
Is a lil frustrated rite now
No one greater than Randy Watson #sexualchocolate Awesome golf!
My 102 tweet goes out to And ...... Idk why lol
RT Elephants can be taught how to paint.
Those poor fellow flyers! RT Flight home from #AWP with , , and Michael Downs was serious fun.
If #Tebow would have patted him on the knee instead of the head he woulda been back in the game.....
Happy Friday!
Interested in attending the Institute for Integrative Nutrition? Ask me about a $500 scholarship available through Wednesday!
Our Futures are Formed by the Thoughts we Hold Most Often"
There are vast untapped resources of faith and talent that can only be discovered in adversity. Robert H. Schuller
After the night we had 6 months ago, they might!
Fox59 Morning News is on! We've got all you local news, weather and traffic with updates on the Royal Wedding and the situation down south.
October is #NationalDessertMonth. Celebrate with us and try our decadent Swiss Milk Chocolate Mousse Cake!
- Thanks, hope you're doing well!
Getting cute Tommarow
$4 for 8oz of the famous pork chop with #Krupp Brothers #Merlot #HH #SugarLand #Houston Crazy good! Love the sauce!
Moderating the Librarian Passive Aggressive panel at #codcon12 tomorrow. You should come. Or don't. Makes no difference to me. Cya there!
What does hit like a 6-footer mean?
$FBCD is rocking and people on ihub are complaining about the 8K... good god people!
Did you hear that the Appellate Court denied the CLC & LADL writs re LA's Blanket Order?
I think should probably follow me back like she said she did!
Constantly comparing your old relationship to your new one is the quickest way to find yourself single again.
FOLLOW HER PLEASE :)
RT : According to #WGN Epstein deal down. Joint press release from the Cubs and Red Sox
yes, many of the convos on cmgr tend to focus on B2B or are for big corps so I appreciate hearing more B2C & smaller brands
DONE! “: how about everyone just comes down to Hawaii so I can stay here forever? Good? Good.”
thx baby! Can't wait to see u...
I wonder how many Packer fans just voted for Donald Driver on DWTS without even watching the show. Show's dumb, but DD WILL win it anyway.
Toothbrush Express offers great savings on Dr. Fresh Orthodontic Brushes and most oral care products.
No.. However, I do consider myself a global citizen :)
That is racist!!!!!! >.< but I'm still following you because I like your tweets
No shit. is hangin in Iowa--wind chill 2 degrees. Whaaa?!!! Have a good shoot!
I had an amazing Photo shoot in Brooklyn back to Jersey it's so Nice Outside. I Love it! :)
tumblr, y u no work?!?
Good afternoon. Been MIA to help my mom get through a major surgery. Things went well. She's now on the mend. Missed you guys.
Thanks for the recent RT's and faves!
Dude, check out I think I'm going to sign up for it.
Heading to school for morning excel in my purple pants.
un4tunately u ain't always been fine u ain't just wake up n say damn I'm fine U notice that u attract dudes and feel "fine"
Great work out again! Feelin great and now gettin my hair done!
Bayonettes? The irony of weapons of war, used to protect the well being of a non-violent movement. Hmm.
I like guyswho take there hat off and flip there hair its so hot :))))))))
Who ya calling little? ;) Congrats- great problem to have!!
Ima be pissed off on that ride to GVSU.
Those who disrespect your assignment are unqualified for access into your life!
Wow! What a kick from Denver's Prater! 58 yarder with no time. Clutch!!
Had a pretty nice weekend now back to this workout thing tomorow !!!!!
Another fantastic guitar solo: "Jeff's Boogie" (The Yardbirds). Just the original.
That's what Eli is pointing out. There is no information about where the originals are from.
Give me few minutes lovies i have to make a sandwich
i know how you feel im sick of school too.
oh my...did he have backstage passes? Being from 8 mile and all
Now Playing: Crash - Gwen Stefani
Looking for a good fight party in the #DMV Saturday...Any suggestions.. Promoters where ya'll at? lol
FUck a Bitch in a PEACOAT
lol hahaha if its not too much to ask could plz ask for arianna to follw me..... yea
You say you wanna take a ride? Get in I grew up on that other side, getting it in
E&E finally have Enuf hair for bow and stuff :D
Today is Small Business Saturday! Everyone please get out & Shop Small today & support local Austin businesses. Let's keep Austin local!
I had a gay banquet lil ugly!
ooh haha well it's all good (:
Brenda Brenda Brenda Brenda Brenda Brenda Brenda is asking advice @ going to Hawaii. Going on business trip to Oahu. Should I go to anoth..
Just finished up editing another photo session, yay! Love happy clients!
More news...?
We don't currently have an iOS app.
And how is that different than most major sports?
can you tell me what a "preferred walk on" is and how it benefits the kid? I've heard that term a lot today.
thanks for the follow!! Cheers!
That'd be awesome! I wish you would make a cap one of these games so I could do something creative too.
just needs to tell me whenever she wants her hair did!
Seeing lots of salmon-colored shorts and pants lately. Salmon-colored pants seem to have migrated back from the ‘80s and spawned in 2012.
Happy Holidays everyone! We've had a great month supporting awesome causes thanks to you. Enjoy this time of year!
It's pretty clear why Mitch Kupchak has been so blase about Ramon Sessions' impending free agency
my neighbor just told me the same thing! WooHoo!
RT Dallas temp at 11am 99 by noon 102 & 3pm 109! this is a new record high & the hottest temp of the year!
Anyone that thinks a windows phone is the shit, has obviously never owned an iPhone... I have had both and windows six ass
Distance sucks. My room is so far away from the kitchen
My amazon order arrived this afternoon! "Asterios Polyp" -- hope it's as good as all the reviews say.
Are you worth a keeper in my #FantasyFootball league for 2012?
Whoever's in charge of the clock better get it right or get out. Too many mistakes with the clock.
North Carolina bans gay marriage... Why?
Am I the only one who thought holding up lighters at shows was "out"?
Have you seen the awesome #Halloween costumes at costumeexpress.com ?? Fun stuff!
i am pretty confident what i did fixed the issue but if it creeps up again, let me know via twitter or BBR
I really don't need any more reasons to dislike Mitt-this is plenty, gracias
your so cute!(:
You are welcome bro!! Congrats on your first hit! And yes Baseball season is almost here!
Seems fitting our #Steelers That's how I roll tee heads to the archives after Heinz Ward retires. Thanks !...
- the less you give a fuck about other people's opinions; the happier you become :)
Thank you Artscentralco
Do people not know how to park these days or...
This sat we playing a free show at the Blue Nile on Frenchman St. In Nola!!!
no , Gingrich is an arouser of those who form civilization!
Does that mean your Rogers Park location is closing?
Just did in the MKE store. Picked up a few Mead Making essentials for my brew.
don't hate don't hate
Proofread your comments.
Another lost soul needs my compass
Why is that ? RT cause ima good time (: ha
Reminder: Washington Post: mainstream newspaper. Washington Times: owned by Moonies.
Soccer tryouts went awesome!!! Jess, Michelle, and I might just keep the same team ;)
nice purople shirt.
#Google Calendar question: How do I import from a CSV file into a SPECIFIC calendar within Google Calendar?
Mariner's in St. Louis... I'm not even torn a little bit. Go Cards!
Also break a leg #ccm2011!!! Love you all!
and of course hot!! Lol
Taking a power nap at lunch did not improve my mood. Now even more mad that i had to wake up.
Raining again...really?
can I buy you lunch today in sf? Message me if you do not have plans. I am at market and new Montgomery.
having goosebumps this early in the morning... must be gameday
Picked up the paint today! Let the painting fun begin tomorrow!
awesome! I'm looking fwd to hearing them, as I'm sure are many others. praying for God 2 be glorified thru ur time in the studio
Good Monday Morning! It's a beautiful beginning of a week...I hope you have a very positive and productive week! Let's get at it!
you won't be alone for long, dave. I'll contact you later today for my session next week :)
Tattoo sleeves special all year long. $175. if you already have ink $150.
I hate the phrase "of you say so" when people are talking about relationships. Why be so passive?
student touring mot today: "coming here, i had lots of holocaust facts. leaving here, i have the emotions & the faces of the holocaust."
It does-beautiful building. Can't wait til it's done. RT : the new freedom tower looks very tall already!
That's good to hear! Are you playing in the mid atlantic this fall?
Of course I mean *my* inlaws' old one.
Have you ever tried sleeping with a Brocken heart.?
- Looks like she has it on backwards.
bye Vick..thanks for being a good sport.
happy birthday great show want meet you some day
OMG HE SAID MY NAME. AND SPELLED IT RIGHT. OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG.
Texas Tech men's basketball coach Pat Knight has reportedly been relieved of his duties, effective after the upcoming Big 12 Tournament.
Also, their reading room has some of the best light/windows, ever
Have you booked a hydrobike Holiday Light-tour through the Naples Canals yet?
listening to the sound of the rain. Writing a slow jam.
NFL Concussions: Midday on Health, Monday at 1 pm with Ravens doc Andrew Tucker
hey Chuck whatcha think about our "dirty lil creek" now
Movie time!
You have until midnight tonight to take advantage of the Monumental Monday $5 discount code tweet monumentalmarathon.com
My favorite indie bookstore called. My copy of george THE CUT is in. Happy day.
“: Jealousy at its ugliest. #smh”
It is a good idea to choose plants that have different blooming times,along with evergreens
Blah am up
"You remind me why I don't like people." -
New Red Cross instructors ready to give their final presentations before being qualified to teach new disaster volunteers. They'll be great!
*boys RT Haa,I swear girls these days.
It's about 10%. Same difference beween 50k/year or 55.5k/year. WHOOPTEDOO. Yes it's a lot of money but he coulda been a LEGEND.
Renovating my basement, looking for a Roxul distributor in Denver... or can Roxul ship directly to my home for less $$?
I appreciate that! I'll let you know how I do!
Surprisingly had a really good nap
#exotropy Information is a signal of bits that makes a difference. Via
New Years Eve/1 Year Anniversary Party here at the shop Friday night! Starting at 9pm! Who's coming to wish us a happy birthday!
Gonna be a busy week giving QB advice, lots of RB waiver questions because of injuries this week as well
looks like I'm going to formal in sweats. #nodress why :(
(MEN) you got a girl who care about u right in front of your face but look for another one who don't which is so a waste !
Can you please follow me back? (:
Sending positive energy out into the world. Hoping for some back!
Rahm: Taxpayers can't afford to choose: pension or police, pension or schools. Will soon squeeze out every essential service in City.
I am pretty amazing aren't I?
Your Welcome!:)
Very excited to see the Power of One Project from our school in 's Social Global and Green Presentation at
Amazing photos, guys. Thanks again for being part of the weekend with us.
When were young" the the days are short and the years are long"when were old the days are long and the years are short!
Good morning!!!
Give us a shout if you got your lucky bean today. #St.Joseph'sDay
lol shut up sorry i dropped my phone give me a second
"thats the time that all the ratchet people come out!"
be prepared to become a REAL WOMAN.
HBO Sports hires new boss Ross Greenberg in hopes of rescuing programming and ... - New York Daily News
WHEN THE HELL IS THE PLAYSTATION NETWORK GOING TO BE UP AGAIN!!!!... MUST PLAY MORTAL KOMBAT NOW!!!!
You can't fake great customer service. You really have to love it. #womcc ()
I had already been missing #Mexico but now I'm just dying to be there again :(
It's scary wen the train is this empty...I'm actually not sure if I have work today.
Warped Tour next door at Invesco Field, Sunday, stop by the SKYBOX at hotel VQ receive 1/2 price first cocktail (one per guest)
Back to school today...
hey sir how u doing
take an additional 20% off all red tag shoes!!!! that's right come on in to city gear 4443 cane run road
Virginia government tax revenue as a percent of personal income (4.7%) ranks 45th. The national average is 5.9%.
Eating one of the best suckers I have ever had! Haha
I'm at Mt Juliet Waffle House! Buy my lunch if you can see me!
Hey Ohad, I hope you're doing well. Was the Q&A with Peter Thiel public? I'd love to check it out.
About 5 hours till caps rangers game 7,
I have needed eyes in the back of my head lately and they see everything :)
Dogtown and the Z-Boys Doc on ESPNClassic!!!
link doesn't work, please try again :)
“: so tonight I hit a 135# power snatch and 120 consecutive double unders. Not a bad day.” Not bad at all!
The Mayans must be right
me too
I'm summer maria :)
you aren't the only one that needs to clean up place names db #dearmyrtle. u don't wanna see mine either :-)
I need your help! Im going to downtown disney today and was wondering if u knew what places justin was at most last time..
I can't believe it's only 3
If money <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0>ain't the subject then doode what u talkn bout??!!
Loving this yoghurt and its local Colorado!
Fuck i wish i knew somebody that lived Cali :/ im tryna go to vid con
Thoughts on Figawi? Anyone down?
Great! Let me know what you think. By the way, it was good to see you! You need to stop by my studio more and chat.
China's classic honey trap that will destroy any foreign company that falls for it...'What we do is to exchange market for technologies."
Coffee please!!
If you're not moving forwards, you're moving backwards.
The guys are going to feel so disrespected.
Thanks so much! Glad you like the book. It's definitely one that's remained a favorite for many poeple.
ty & I know but what do we do wi/ the society we live in these days. the way I see it it shld be = in all 50 states. <3
See you there brother...
don't go in the second floor bathroom alone on the weekends or.after hours. They mess with you there
#leandc "Companies of the future are going to become innovation factories."
lmao! No really ;x it was bent under my pillow ;/ believe me!! Lol ;p
We're excited to be at day 2 of #Catalyst Dallas today! If you're here, stop by our booth and say hi.
Monday is just around the corner! Get your goals in order! W.iaminc.biz
Getting ready to live tweet Alan Liu's Ong Memorial Lecture: "Transliteracies: The Big Bang of Online Reading." Use #ongliu to follow.
Done! :D Congrats on meeting Jennette McCurdy!
"Maintaining the status quo never brings out your best"-Meg Whitman, Hewlett-Packard CEO on #leadership via
thats great, so am i
Wikipedia has, like even a depth chart for every nfl team. Thank God for wikipedia.
I remember I want it to work at hooters.. Lol
RT : RT : "If you haven't planted 10 trees, you're breathing someone else's oxygen." - Wangari Maathai.
Recently we received this question and felt that it was something that many people face at some time in their lives
My #weekendgoodreads is I AM FORBIDDEN and AN UNCERTAIN AGE. Double fisting my fiction!
I want to be in a relationship where we can joke around, be each others best friend, & take cute pictures.
Sad that #picnik is shutting down. I've been using it for years. I suppose my #photoshop skills need to get better now!
finish the pack then don't buy another.
RT : Just heard on : 'Atwater Village is the perfect neighborhood,' on his tour tomorrow.
would do a sweet cover of 's "Pinky's Dream"
gettin the new runs this week you'll get em in time fer sure where y'all performing at?
BREAKING NEWS: GARY COLEMAN has died after a brain hemorrhage
What's up everyone!!!!
Liking thoughts by Bruce Daniel of on adaptive (vector) maps based on data like speed, time of day, etc.
Is there enough material for a whole semester?
oh yeah you should stick around and watch all the credits of The Avengers.
If he turns into something gross.
I think Im going to get my husband a city jerk membership for our anniversarylol I'd give anything to see a straight mans face ashe walkedin
fuck you. Fuck this friendship we have too!!
Solid performance + possibly a place for Joseph in 100 free at 1.08.77. Close to an entire second faster than best time.
#first40songsonshuffle 4. Strange Clouds - B.o.B ft. Lil Wayne
Would much rather be watching Anaconda with J-Lo.
Gas prices got you down? Come on in and find a new way to get to work! We have lots of great bikes and can also special order!
omg ! how's your day ?
really hot chick lmao.
#IHateWhenMyWaiter can't read my mind, asks friendly questions, can't bring food they don't serve, doesn't fall over himself to suit my ego
No problem sweet heart (: you should seriously make more !! Oh & look up sierra lockridge when you get the chance you're twins
I don't wanna lose him. But at the same time, I really miss her. Why can't I just have both? :(
Curtis Painter will make his first NFL start vs Tampa Bay on Monday Night Football.
Just added another chapter to my WIP. I'm taking a short break and will then work on the next one.
"it's like living in rashomon!"
the greatest wrestler ever... and 2 of the band members childhood Hero. You Rock Hogan!!
A3 A combination of both. A knack for marketing flourished once I got into the Internet biz 13 years ago
The # key is called an OCTOTHORPE
“: Delonte West, right now in The Jungle.”
Best gift a got my son a #NOAA weather radio flash light crank for power he loves it. 12 year old gift ideas.
lmao you sound like it, I bet you would think twice before you just puff puff
Yeah! Get that party on. Get that lil' town to Stooiup fo sho!
this annoying fat ass boy @ school is annoying me with his fat stannk ass ..ugh
Yay hard core party.
Today is the day to make great things happen! Work hard, inspire others and live your dreams. What are you going to do to make today great?
Seventysixes turning water to wine pennys to dimes
I'm good wuts yur name?
I'm on FB now at Roger Dietch. We can explore more there.
Ordered a new phone. Tracfone has a model with a touchscreen! I'm joining the 21st century.
I know what you mean, 'more music variety' is complete bull! <3
Getting ready to host the Parkville Chamber - beer is iced, food is on its way...
Regarding Henry V
I love step brothers
I heard that too, but talked her into it anyway! RT Greatest refusal to sign Initiative 70: "No way! I'm a lobbyist"
i had my chopstick in my mouth and it was just resting there. then it slipped. now im bleeding.lol
So I'm at work walking around thinking im looking cute wit my all black on I go to the bathroom n relize I have on a brown belt
You use Rockmelt?
im free till thurs whats good
how long are you in Maine?
To celebrate Halloween, I'll be watching American Horror Story. This may be a bad idea.
Looking forward to first night of play-offs :)
Broken nose? Self-proclaimed vigilante and certified stalker. Boo-hoo #Zimmerman #JusticeforTrayvon who reacted in self defense.
haahahaha, that was random! but thanks!
alone with my sister and grandma and i have no idea what im gonna make for dinner...
I really thought that there was no way that you would follow me. But i guess i was wrong. #NEVERSAYNEVER right?
Modern Touch @ The Backroom (3718 Main) this Friday with GLASNOST! 18+, 5... CDs and other freebies :D
Thank you for the random compliment :)
the highlight of mothers day was calling my grandma. shes the most incredible woman i know.
#Bizarre:Guy driving 4X4 pickup hitting me up 4 gas money is SAME guy hit me up 4 weeks ago at locale 6 miles away !
Cut on hand, cut on leg, gave this dbag an earful for stealing from a girl, dancing with my cousins and shots with gma
A quiet sneeze on the metro conveys more urgency and emotion than the most hysterical all caps tweet.
Solo hike to to see what kind of heat brings from the uk.
Hey folks at OHM, do you have any demos/samples/material that I can listen to from your studio?
RT : But: can we all be like Apple? Doesnt every industry needs his ugly brother?
Once again, F U Doan!
I would do the same to you
My fiancé just came up with three great dog names for my next pup,lambeau,Lombardi or Shea great names can't wait isnt she great
She died of aids in Forest Gump?! Mind blown.
can't be better than the news we will announce on Monday! Oops did I just say that? No comment...
It's 12:30 at night and I have a beautiful girl cooking me homemade shrimp scampi pasta from scratch because I'm hungry. So rad.
Chrysler will let Ally lending pact expire in a year Chrysler Group will let its operating agreement with Ally Financial Inc. expire in A
Happy New Year's everyone! What did you do to ring in the new year?
Gonna take a shower then play rockband :)
This is defiantly true! “: #Scorpios are loyal friends and mates”
Need custom screen printing? We print for anyone and everyone! Great quality and awesome prices @ www.inkscreens.com - 1-800-724-0577.
u trying to cheat on me
RT : I would like to follow every person in the world who owns a 'Noise' book. #design #ATTIK #UK - Please RT
Oh just peachy that time of the month, trying to figure a way to get money 4 a trip to NY and well I hope it rains.
See you on Saturday :)
Why fall for him for the 100th time knowing he's just going to hurt you.?
One nation under me
There has to be a term to describe what happens when you know you've already written a footnote on a topic, but can't find it in any drafts
cause we are, the same, you save me, when you leave it's gone again.
RNG is leaving.
Nah I ran into him at subway
It's remarkable GOP pres candidates are criticizing one of their own for firing employees. They sound like union bosses.
been trying to use it not working!!!:-(
Oh, How I wish I could be there! Never tried #crawfish, but I bet they are awesome! Have a great day!! :)
"Admit it we all know a whore named Jessica."
:)Peps~Follow#I'mAlwaysCheckIne...(I.Follow.Back)
Hungar games=Solid movie!!
We have got Rammstein tickets for their show in The O2 - Dublin, Ireland on 2-27-2012. Get tickets for this show by calling: 888-493-0004
“: "Keep it open!" = "I'm leaving my credit card at the bar tonight."”
I'm the same way with pitas. And DIY falafel. Falafel is a great excuse to eat tzatziki. But the wife snubs it every time.
youre an angel
#HappyMothersDay To ALL the Moms out there, doing their best to hold it down 24/7 for their kids! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B9><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00BB><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
We are so glad you enjoyed the benefit! Thank you for donating your work.
I have tried so hard for you to notice me and nothing. Im so sad the girls that get noticed by you are so lucky. Love you!
awww i just saw you on top ten! you are to cute <3
Awe someones in love lol RT : When I sleep without him I have weirdass dreams
heyy. What are you up to?
not a bad twitch. BM is a little more messy but def natural looking.
i would be a lot more inclined to read the #wapo museums section if its critics ever said anything critical about anything.
$1 off domestics till 7PM. Stop on in for Happy Hour. We are here waiting for you!!
somehow this running thing is serious. today I bought new kicks & walked right past the cheesecake factory.
#imagine *u walking home and u see a black Range Rover* u-itd be funny if that was JB ?- hey can u be my video girl? *u turn around* u- yea.
We're big fans, so the pleasure is all ours!
Burning the limit vol 2!! Cut some songs off tho so now it has 9 tracks and an intro
wonders what a pre-amp is needed for, but ultimately who cares?test ifttt
Did anyone attend the Barrett Jackson Auto Show and Auction? We were there! Check out a few of our photos from the event and show us yours!
Sweet!! The Kindergarten kids came put of school bearing presents that they made for Mothers Day! A hat, a message in bottle and a tea cosy
I like where your heads are at. Make it happen.
Become a fan of Cartridge World Camp Creek on Facebook to receive special offers and deals before first.
why u never message back
Great pool workout @ 24 Hour fitness. I think I lost a few ounces:)
I'm good, errand and cleaning day. :)
Not only is it later than you think, It's sooner than you suspect. . .
Did you hear about the next #DCDrinkUp? 6P on Leap Day (Wed) at We The Pizza then leap in front of the Capitol & other DC icons!
Checking in new inventory!
now the ladies at work are trying to hook me up with their daughters, really entertaining.
as austin can be so perfect?
MT Good thing I had baby doc appt set up! Mitt's staff shoved me really hard at event this am.Take no chances at 8 mos pregnant!
time for
no problem ...thanks for inviting me out. It was fun and I think your bat needs some more swings - sounds dead lol
good luck to the Cards tonight, would love to see a UK UofL final four matchup
loved your blog on manager v leadership! Good stuff
We'll be announcing and contacting the winner of our Amazon GC contest TONIGHT! Aren't you excited!!??
haven't heard back from them since I got denied
I think my house is haunted 0.o lmaoo
I have no life. Everybody is at the spring dance and I'm not.…/:
: Remember iXL? It is back. Well, at least the name is.
New album from Piers Faccini driving my Monday... "My Wilderness"
it's got gonorrhea, I've heard.
Working a food drive..love seeing people blessed thank you God
myself n the city are behind u n the rest of the guys from here on out
that "if you think your team don't have a Judas" line Ma$e just spit is tuff daddy boy, how quickly we forget
Omg avoid the FDR
Me: Morning boys!! One Direction.... Me.... One Direction.... Me: are you just going to stand on the wall and not say anything or...?
yeah, I wasn't there so it's hard to say. just all around bleh
I love playing mages in dnd. Do you have a favorite character?
Thanks to Marion Kaplan, I'm thinking about my teacher Paula Hyman and how working with her shaped my rabbinate.
DID the USC DISASTER APP work for you? Let me know over tweets.
Morning Tweets! Welcoming the "official start of summer" with open arms! Going outside to enjoy it. Tweet everyone later!
25quid on 12 lolz who does that. I guess people who are
naw two finals today
HEAVY HAND plays tonight at Cactus Club with Absolutely & Scrimshaw (feat. member of ) 10pm $5. Yes!!
Re: "Paul" review- Pegg & Frost DID NOT write "Spaced", only Pegg. He wrote every episode w/ a woman named Jessica Stevenson
I'm tired of trusting people I shouldn't trust .
What! My Hoyas lost to Cincy in 2OT I guess the Orangemen were praying pretty hard.
happy tuesday to you too!
should have a twitter touchdown contest.
Either way...Ill see you there :D
RT COMMITMENT is behind every great accomplishment. Without it u have no chance to overcome "hard" or overcome "impossible".
officially a #Directioner :)
Following back all #Giants fans tonight! Spread the word G-Men fans!
Max Mirnyi would be perfect: Big serve, good at net, would stay on his side.
You're *
trust no one.
“: you got a hella style!!! lol” Thank you! Your far too kind !
how many more days do you have left for the no doing anything bet?
“ I've said this b4: u can't fully be a good woman unless you've gone thru your hoe stage”
Work tomorrow, need a good night sleep. See you all tomorrow. :)
So which horse won the derby?
Leonardo da Vinci What matters is not the idea a man holds, but the depth at which he holds it.
10.$t Hustler'$
Yes, the masseur definitely seemed into it. Unquestionably the strangest thing I've seen today.
I have one more blood draw to go. glad to see crabbytree sign. now go play dammit.
You'd think a book called Ref and Info Svcs *in the 21st Century* would be available as an ebook or at least in the UW libraries.
Jesus never fails.
come check out the new music. tell us what u think.
Lol @ shit new age girls say
This place is so hopin' . Andrea Davidson finishing ...Angel Taylor about to take the stage.
It's been such an amazing Easter.
#OH: say 'what do you mean it's April?!'….We let her know that it's actually May ;o)
i was hoping we were just so awesome we thought of the same thing :(
leases have been signed and the first location for CUPPACOFFEE an Australian inspired espresso bar will take place Q1 2012.
It was great seeing Shockey making big plays.
5-7" of snow!? I am hibernating tonight on the couch with a glass of wine and the fireplace on!
You're a part time lover and a full time friend... <3 Juno
it sucks so hard! I have to wear little girl clothes :(
When You take a fishing pole into Sea World.
I hate dance movies where people dance and compete at the end. It's fucking corny to the max
There are a lot of hungry people out there on this fine day in April. You can get free delivery with a donation of 7 cans for the...
hey Paul!! How's it going! I miss hearing your voice! Are you gonna make a album soon?
I really wish #Summerneverends was true because school starts in three weeks.
#JamesGangSKC went 2 Maryville 2 watch the game w/ our green friendsGotta say Maryville is not a soccer town glad 2 b back
thank you so much for the shout out <3
#Steelers pick LT Mike Adams in 2nd round!
W.S Merwin was moving me deeply with his poetry this evening on Bill Moyer's Journal.
Heading to Pittsburgh for the first time today. Given that I live with two Pittsburgh zealots, my expectations couldn't possibly be higher.
Free dry cleaning pick up and delivery offered by Schmidty’s Dry Cleaning Service-another way #AMLI saves you time!
ghvfddhhjujkkbgg they'll be a fucking fantasy team. They'll be called their Bulldozers or the AssKickers
Birthday tomorrow so excited!!! :)
'Twill be a special fall for the Wisco sports fan
Internet Taste Test - Laura L.: via #iL =
Sowwy for being mean
hoping to win a house party for Halloween! It's our favorite holiday and we make the most of it!
Please come to North Carolina soon
ill dm you
#letsgoPens Go Baby Pens!
I <3 my great new smile. Tell Dr. Pat, THANK YOU!
requests, hm...who are some of your fave musicians?
Rain check on Kevin Allen. Maybe later or tomorrow.
Hi whenever you get a chance visit my boutique in Atlanta.
Planning time in LA 2010! Anyone know of any fantastic conferences/parties/networking events for an English Voiceover Artist?
#FF New folks I met at #APA2012!
one of the few reality shows I watch and certainly my favorite. Gervais is so cleaver and Karl cracks me up.
Thing...thing...thing... what am I forgetting?????
Sleep doesn't come quick enough
Been on the phone with Apple Care for more than an hour and I have to pee. Good grief!
thank you:) see you tomorrow :)
Its only a filibuster majority if Specter changes the way he votes...
sick of being in trouble at school, i cant wait for it to be over.
Crowdsourcing can be a source of insights and diversity for ideation as well as for finished productions.
Wants to join the secret army that scares so much. Anything that has Glenn Beck trembling is ok in my book.
We grant prom wishes nationally. there's chapters in PA, DE, NY, VA, FL, & now in SC! Want 2 start ur own email !
haha of course!!;)
Shirley Mount Hufstedler~ If you play it safe in life youve decided that you dont want to grow any more.
oh ok! Lol! I did that once and.... It's was UGLY! But I didn't think it was until after I dyed it another color! Lmao
Daddy Long Legs to win!
I LOVE YOU!
Duane Michals: I believe in the imagination. What I cannot see is infinitely more important than what I can see.
This one is so much different than Vina Caneiro. But love it. Not quite as intense, but round and cogent.
Finally! So lazy Aidan! Hey ttys..going back to sleep ;)
bible !!!! Um it's so good I finished it :/
I'ma watch wrestlemania in a min
My heart is breaking but wishing those at the JB1NT BCEFA benefit tonight a wonderful time. Soak some of the pleasure in for me & hugs 2 JLB
Haha! This happens all the time #PEETA <U+2764>
I really like having the cruz reader : )
really??? Omg ive been here since like 11ish!
yup :D
oh what are you reading?
#hbrchat - Generally speaking, a big innovation barrier is that corps are rewarded for returning low, but consistent growth.
check your fb mail and tell me if thats cool
I was absent from life last night A migraine ended my insomnia in spectacular fashion: I finally slept... for 10.5 hours.
I've put my trust in you. Pushed as far as I can go. There's only one thing you should know I tried so hard and got so far
yep I'd bring in Johnson and Micah and keep Jones. Downing should be as far from squad as possible. Forwards a worry too.
Our new website is completed, hope it you like it! #autism #apps #iPhone #special education www.goodkarmaapplications.com
time to trek across campus.
The 100-game ban for Rockies catcher Eliezer Alfonzo has been dropped, MLB announced.
Love this guy. And our boys in green. Battle on. RT> we will fix this... its all on us...no fingers at refs
I know I saw the comments on Facebook <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A8>
God is so GOOD to me!!!
I don't have your number.
State Senators Lena Taylor and Chris Larson speaking.
#HappyBirthdayChrisBrown best wishes from germany xx :)
Cot. . . RT : Ok, but the questions are going to be tough,
basically, i almost passed out. i was about as close as it gets to it. i was blind and deaf when i almost did. :P
Why has Chicago produced so many great black politicians, preachers, comics & business ppl?
Another reason to never miss 9News at 10...you'll never know what you missed!
everything is god girl how are you and the family
oh, lauren.
of course all my friends are busy on this spring break. next years spring break = going on vacation.
Christie Kerr
. thanks, but I'll stick with DropBox
Who buys a superbowl ad and doesnt put it in hd? Fail
hi rick keep getting tht $ self made millionare diva
#Boyfriend is amazin' notice me please! #muchlove Mexico loves and misses you :) 1
I'd like to hide my Basilisk into your Chamber of Secrets
first stop? Sluggers? Murphy's? Goose Island Brewery? Harry Cary's? ALL OF THE ABOVE? Have a great time! Can't wait to see vids!
Now for the Life and Literature Code Challenge winner!
Tonight is poker night at the house, I hope to win and not donk off my chips like I did last week.
Who's gonna #golf #Denver today? Sunshine - low wind - 50's - It's a beauty!
Do Music because you love it and enjoy creating and you will have a piece of Art work to listen to forever and others will enjoy it also.
you CAN'T lose ten pounds. You would look like an Olsen.
It's their parody of "Rebecca." Quite good.
And now Romney is once again talking about the deep psychological effects of unemployment. Mitt's old job was telling companies who to fire.
considering useing my twitter again?
Happy Early New Year from Access Technologies! We will be back to the office on Tuesday, we hope everyone has a fun and safe New Year
Currently working on concept art for a short 3D animated film called Chute. So far it's looking pretty sweet.
Word of the Day: Oneiromancy - divination through dreams - loving Night Circus by Morgenstern! Read Alike: Jonathan Strange and Mr. Norrell
Incredible night with friends!! It's far from over here at Tap Exchange. Ran into good 'ole Ed Ibarra and my taste buds are still fresh.
That will last about 3 months and then they'll realize they need to add it into the programming.
reserve me a 6 top! I kid, I kid. Good Luck. Let me know if you need anything.
Im on a mission to the SKY!!!
RT : Has anyone in human history ever gone to a restaurant website and been disappointed by the absence of music?
Easter Break is here. Make sure you are aware of office closings around campus. Have a wonderful Easter!
kdubb baseball damn... thought yall'd atleast get our shirts wet #Stepitup #BigleaguersmyAss just wait :)
W/get
OK, thanks. All my wife says is "it's great" and I need more help than that!
I'm gonna act like I didn't just see that...
Want to meet & hear at our studios next week? Txt JESSA to 38568 now! Valid 4 U.S. cell phones only Msg&Data rates may apply
Bahahaha I am free both days! #GKC P.S. I'm in love with the hashtag. I just lol-ed : )
trying to download more progressive grocer material
NOT garlic bread?
Night skiing
there better be fruit in that yogurt
BREAKING: #Broncos will have 5 national TV prime-time games in 2012
Taylor and Selena are Directionaters. I SWEAR IF SELENA GOES NEAR ONE OF THE BOYS I WILL PERSONALLY SLIT HER THROAT. !!
(cont) occupy wall street, not the 99% but the 10% x 9 which equals a lot of unemployed people ready to party.
makes a valid point takes a champion to know one.
A political internship this summer for a sophomore at SAR High School in Riverdale, NY.
#ThatAwkwardMoment when you and are adding random numbers and say 69 at the same time...<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
I'm in love with this weather! Nice and cool. Breezy
HAPPY BIRTHDAY! :)
thanks a lot man!
let's go Spurs
aw, i wanna go to kennywood
Michelle as a real patient advocate- we'd love to know what you think about what we are up to. Please check us out.
#FeelAlive because tomorrow you may be dead.
hah I miss you!
Tuesday night, I'm pretty sure is the first game
otp withh my bella (:
"We’re not electrocuting bunnies in our lab coats. We’re part of something beautiful: cooking.” #Wylie Dufresne
yeah...I'm going to Sweet Frog, I can't handle all these feelings.
Good luck with #pillowfightday ! It's a great accomplishment!
So uh, move to Florida? Kay, love you bye!(:
I am the literary equivalent of a Big Mac and Fries. Stephen King
let the twitter rape-age commence
trust me youll know when im mad im just gettin started boy
Had never heard of this "Call me Maybe" song til I saw both videos
I love this song.!
I work daily to help those w/disabilities today 1 of my guys w/ autism said thanks for never giving up on me It made my day I luv what I do!
On another note, there should be a kids tv show called Satan and Pals.
real similar this past week. Living in south Cali on a gloomy rainy day looks much like the end of planet earth,haha.
i got to get up at 5:00 in morning man
shake dat ass
Same here. I want to buy that issue ASAP. RT This is enough for me to go buy a TVGuide.
Happy third birthday, Thanks for helping to promote books and other multicultural titles!
hi cerrycandies and friends happy tuesday
Agreed! RT : A wonderful movie from top to bottom - writing, production, direction...it's got everything!
I know its early buy Im Loving the way the #Cards are starting out. STL4Lif!!!
Is there any way you can help us get more followers in prep for our EP release? It would mean a lot if you guys would #RT this. -Zach
just curious if we get to see Vital Sign on April 6 in Texas?
And you, , and are sitting here talking about shooting and murdering me. That shows it all.
Check it out, because its fabulous.
The thing I like best about is that there's no pressure to wear makeup. Or matching clothes. Or a bra.
Well Good Night Everyon On Twitter Going To Sleep. Sweet Dreams Everyone
RT : BREAKING NEWS: Derrick Rose has torn his ACL and will miss the of the season, #Bulls announce. /via
Saturday night prom partly cloudy, temps upper 40s to mid 50s! Open toe shoes for Kayla :D
haha we'll see what we can do. We probably have a full load with us unfortunately
Turning on lots of lights again this afternoon in June. Big thunder above upper W. Burnside
Most times, yes. RT : do you post job openings on fb and twitter?
You're welcome! Thanks for following me, as well:) RT : , Thanks for following me, the music unites the world
reframe using improvements to his work experience & hobbies?
Who got them red Deion's?
Everybody's waiting & everybody's watching, even when you're sleeping keep your eyes open.
How does one raise children in a traditional Chinese manner? Does a manner exist?
Opening credits of ultimate ripoff mashup genre buster Golden Queens Commando; music stolen from
A large and loud welcome home for Honor Flight WWII vets at Lindbergh this afternoon. "But we're so old!" one of them says.
i d k its weird maybe my feelings for him are growing liddoh by liddoh.
#InCaseYouDidntKnow my entire future depends on what happens on may 23rd at 10:00 in the morning.
thank you!!!! I'M SO EXCITED!!!
"#Pittsburgh has the diversity in locations stages crew & hospitality. No wonder Hollywood keeps coming back" - S.Gehrke
Great idea! Unfortunately, this will be happening second semester.
Nothing compares to the stomach aches you get from laughing too hard with your best friends.
I'm equal opportunity.
man I'm good when r we getting together?
Win the Race of Life at 180 MPH: Female Motorcycle Racer Invited to...
Let's go Rangers
Enjoy the paradise weekend! I missed your call:-(
congrats Paul
Agreed! And my weekly #FF for who is a must follow if you care for theatre in the least.
Stole car and doing donuts in the Overton parking lot
Discussed 's chapter "On Putnam" tonight in #comm605. Students agree it is very clear and well-written.
It was a pleasure meeting you today ! Your dish at the potluck was so delicious! :)
#FemalesOutHereLookLike over grown bull terriers
you done?
If Michael Vick was destroying little dogs I would've been cool with it.
#randomfact shared genes was the first band on the
“: I've always believed that shots beyond halfcourt should be worth four points.” Agreed.
helpp get austin to follow me tell people to retweet it!
do you read the new Yorker?
Welcome to college, where douchebaggery thrives! I do miss college...
Check out on 4/22 @ 12:30 in the Pan Pacific Amphitheater. Part of our day-long Yom Hashoah: Day of Commemoration event.
LSU's Nichols on response to IT risk: accept, control, share, mitigate or reject URMIA11#
My biggest dream is for to retweet me because it only happens like once in a year but with #16millionbeliebers it's impossible
oh I would love to!!!!
Closer to yes! Almost there! Check out OASIS on kickstarter! It needs your support! You'll receive sweet rewards. Only 6 days left,...
#occupyYourBrain Nothing will change for the better until we change the way we think about things, and change our attitudes towards others.
I still think you look great on single ladies. woo
you think you're cool because you talked to a girl yesterday?!
Spending valentine's with my crooked family.
catching up on EastEnders. :-)
anything for you guys! love working with you and all your family!
We will have Davis, Teague and Lamb soon, give me a few days and i will release the information!
you dont NEED anything but oxygen.
haha i knew that i played somewone last night on wifi that i thought was u lol?
LET US PROCLAAAAIMMMM THE MYSTERY OF FAAAAIIIIITHHHH
Listening 2 motivation... does anyone want 2 b ma motivation
Hey tweet peeps sorry I been MIA for some days just been busy but ya girl back at it......
Nasty heartburn. How to get rid of it?
what did u eat ?
Wish I could see speak @ Marquette University tonight.
I think about a year. Got a big splash and buzz on launch. That's harder outside of Media Central.
Greg/Rany, Can you list the teams that are advocates and the ones that at least historically shy away from long toss
big things happening yall!!! got some major auditions coming up pretty stoked
Three years ago I spent a month in a coma and nearly died. Thank you President for making "pre-existing condition" obsolete
David’s opponents have been relentlessly attacking him with lies and misleading claims. Learn the truth! Check out the issues!
Happy Birthday ! Hope you have a fantastic 2012.
How long yhu on for
Need 2 hop n this shower so I can get 2 this game 1
Loving the light snow this morning! :) Missing winter.
I am going to get copied in on multiple things, u probably won't sleep until 4am, & if u stop tweeting, call 911...got it.
Send Some Drama To Yo Street Im Obama In These Streets
Huzzah! Finally online through cable. The Comcast tech did a great job.
your book is a great starting point for very cool projects. Its my favorite O'reilly book by far.
Quite a succinct and unassuming tweet...
"For the world you may be just one person, but for one person you may be the whole world!
Following the 2 of you, sounds like a rough night for the officials.
it might not be enough room
brb must change shorts.
RT : Owner of tells me he's taking over in Cleveland Park May 7 & turning it into Pulpo, a tapas bar.
Welcome new follower She's rockin beads in her pic, which correlates strongly with throwing candy after Pack TDs.
#ThingsYouShouldNotSay oh there is a white person. Really I thought racism and segregation was over #CalmTheF*ckDown
yayyyay you have an iPhone!
Tell us your best "My first time..." story in a Tweet. Best 140 character "first" gets two tickets to FIRST PRIZE! www.kefproductions.com
I will be there for 5 days. I would love to see your new place!
I have to disagree. Bubba is great, but we said the same about Rory last year. Golf needs several guys to replace Tiger
what kind
Get dibs on great hotel rooms! TripDibs
VOTE FOR NICOLE GARCIA FOR SENIOR CLASS PRESIDENT!<U+E00E><U+E328><U+E429><U+E10E><U+E314><U+E035>
Would love some customer feedback from anyone using Marketo or Eloqua - I'm looking into a automation engine.
No matter how you feel about the streetcar, we encourage you to continue supporting downtown biz and events, like this wkend's 2nd Saturday!
I'm tryna see what I'm about to cook
hates tha cold
Agreement with who God is: Worship. Agreement with what God promises: Intercession.
Hm- nothing quite like the smell of homemade roasted butternut squash soup bubbling away.
Today is Mother's day and tomorrow is My Birthday.. Wow!! Time flies, Goodmorning everyone!
DINNER! YES!
I mentor a 13-yr-old girl through Big Brothers Big Sisters, and she's glued to her smartphone/Facebook as well!
This 14 year old who literally just posts about One Direction is now following my tumblr... Why?
We're already booked for a show that day. but contact Coran or Chad soon and we can work out some details..
Parent teacher conference. Let's see how the kids doing in school
Riding in these mountains, havent had service since yesterday but im back!!
This is a season of restoration. All the things you used to pray for begin to pray for them again. God wants to bring them back in your l…
Today's lineup : Higher Ground, Patang, and Take Shelter
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 321
just sayin u went missing on me
At to finish the EP..... aw yeah!
How you doin' Ted?!
cool, I got scared haha
Haven't Sent Out Yet...Been Busy. Will Do This Weekend
Outdoor bbq today. We will be grilling shish kabobs and chicken satay. Plus we have happy hour from4pm-close in the lounge every day.
Congratulations on your graduation! w00t!
Martel Webster in the Blazers house!
#2s always are better it seems like. Wasn't Shea a #2 pick also?
hey, me too!
I just deleted 300 messages from my work inbox.
Likewise! I'm fully celebrating.
It amazes me how fast became twitter famous!
Saw my man, on Oak St in NOLA. Always a pleasure. The class of college basketball writers.
COME OUT PLEASE :)
That's the spirit!
it makes B&N just look like a petty, spoiled child. It will backfire, but on DC or B&N?
hahahahahaah snack size.
uggh it was sickening tho. I am in 300 over where they took him out. I actually wish I didnt see that live. Hoping for the best!
RT : RT : Stewart touts safety, urges everyone to take a deep breath and stop trying to find blame.
Happy Birthday =)
old man shane
Live a life that inspires your children! Join extrememoms.org today!
Monkey-Nuclolis?? What!!??
Can you explain to me why that wasn't icing? CAN YOU EXPLAIN TO ME WHY THAT WASN'T ICING??!
If you could ask Osama Bin Laden a question, what would it be?
Does Red Bull give you tooth decay?
Power is temporarily off at the Robins Center, Robins Stadium, Atlantic House. Power is expected to be restored by 2 p.m.
Sage tequila, blue poppy vodka, turmeric gin. 6 weeks to go.
Aww, love you too, girl! New studio recorded covers coming within the next week! =]
Avr at blue note tonight with conspiracy of angels. Will be most rockinist show.
I always wanna tweet about how hurt i feel when people lie to me or like talk about me but then i cant do that because ive done it. smh @ me
Don't touch the boat! *Touch* he touched the butt.
'Even the pidgeons look nicer here, oh my gosh!' - I think he digs on Boston
(Okay, so we got mom flowers)
thanks so much:-) needed that 2day
.. troy went to his urban Rangers thing .. yes , finna go to his house & take a nap in his bed !
There is no dark beer anywhere in Hawaii. This is both good and bad.
RT Last Blossom to Ron Roberts for a cakewalk, after months of the prospects of a battle with Donna Frye.
I knew it was you : ) I just didn't know if you were headed somewhere super classy.. like a themed frat party ; )
": Dear parents, go the fuck to sleep. Sincerely, your daughter trying to sneak out." story of the night!
“: ladies... tilt the camera to the left... you wont look so ugly in ur pictures” lmao!!
way too many places. Check out Nick Carr's book called "The Shallows" about what this info overload is doing to us. Pretty good read
Thank you for shipping me!! and for following me!!! :) xox
DAMN! twitters fucked up.... AGAIN!
When did Twitter start offering icons with video? That is so cool!
thats my home you be talking about!
life is good man. even when you think it's total "shit!" the shit is even good in its way. i'm lovin the ride! give me good and all the shit
Anyone left in Austin, come visit the bloodshot party at yard dog. Amazing line up! We'll be here all afternoon.
RT Keep falsehood & lies far from me; give me neither poverty nor riches, but give me only my daily bread. -Proverbs 30:8
JazzSlang: Torch: Used occasionally as description of a song that expresses unrequited love. Nobody could sing "torch" songs like Peggy Lee.
Holy Thunder Batman!
Running errands and spending time with the beautiful !
Hahahaha unsupervised bagel and gogurt fight, yes.
Getting ready for a YallFest panel presentation this morning with Ellen Hopkins, Melissa De La Cruz and my dear friend Marjory Wentworth.
pretty content. Managing inquires is the balancing act.
#ThingsIReallyCantStand "players" that shit is NOT cute.
when i'm done she hold me like a conversation (;
what u doing on weekend? After that May is crazy as u know? U need to meet Steph
It's amazing how your level of arrogance is increasing my the minute.
I found an old beat up electric shaving razor at Goodwill for $2, it sold within an hour for $32 on Ebay. People buy the weirdest things
An intelligent man is sometimes forced to be drunk to spend time with his fools.
yeah that's cool
I'm gonna miss my friends like crazy this summer.
maybe he's just hanging around another three days so he can make it to number four!
Thanks for da follow sweetheart!!!!!!!!
At Big Daddy's cheering the Toros on!! #TorosNation We believe!!!!
Good advice is often annoying - bad advice never is.
is gmail ever not slow?
lol, just picture that pic we saw at my house, on twitter. You remeber? ;)
Everyone in north hills is eating out tonite.
A 5th grader speaks to save FLES: "I feel learning a new language has opened up a new world for me...why limit a great program?"
You know you broke when having sex to music means one head phone in yo ear and the other one in hers
In Holmgren and Heckert we trust...give Colt some weapons and he'll be fine...No weapons and yes....big gulp
Yo I don't want to go to school but I'm being forced to...iight but dont talk to me cuz I'm not gone wanna be bothered
Just linked your review onto my post at the end under "Others said," sorry I missed it on the first go-round!
tonight is an Olivia Pope night #Scandal. Oh and by the way Happy Birthday to you Ms. Benson Olivia! <U+270C>& much <U+2764>!
Love that! Very fitting!
o! #like I've had smorgasbord today. Like templeton from charlottes web.
Oh! okay :P I think you're probably okay with the 2 for now. Until they make the new version double as a hover board
Is it ever appropriate to say to someone you're friendly with "Do you have a crush on me?"
Aw, I'm sorry! That's so lame. I hope you have a great birthday anyways!!
onions are my arch rival I hate them. Unless deep fried or caramelized
Thanks for all the follows!! I think my dog is a cat in a dog suit. She climbs trees and runs up as far as she can go...
So good to finally meet today! And hear him talk about
in my eyes your everything .. but in your eyes, i'm just a fan :(
If u guys don't hear from me in awhile I'm dead because my wife is driving! Jk.
What a great night at the Central Virginia EMMA Awards at the ! Congratulations to all the winners!
Not always. Full reply via DM
Off back to the crib!!
Never sleep
But she hopes to be back on Capitol Hill by May 1st
though tonight is much cooler than that afternoon
goddamn it M. Night Shamalan, get off Alain's twitter account
Little Women. Wasn't the first book I read. I was too young when my father gave it to me (1st grade) but I WANTED to read it.
Bakon Vodka exists. Where do I sign up?
Seriously SO SO afraid of fire. If we have a candle lit for 20 mins. on the dinner table, that's it for the month for me.
I'm watching that today so I can see the Avengers on tuesday, I just have to grin and bear it
: are you my evil twin?
heck yeah nootropics
I just remember I had a HUGE test that's worth like 50 million percent of my grade, tomorrow. And I thought I was next week!
Hey Yasmine!! I've been praying for you and your family n sister...don't worry she's in good hands and God is watching her!
Hi Bobby, how are you? Yess #BeatTheGiants :D Go
The move FRI in DC for 21+ is #Current 1215 Connecticut AVE NW DC email w/ FULL NAMES & Current as the subject
I'm in St.Tropez If your in St.Tropez, retweet this (now)
I cried over having to get a new semi dress for nothing.. I actually love the new one, hahah.
Too funny RT : It's a gift RT : Some of the mental pictures put in my head by are long-lasting. I.hate.her
The masters and opening day?! God bless America.
I just do! Haha
": aye its better than flowers ha :)" y'all see this? I need new friends!! Lol
Oh..well my car's outside..and not in the garage...awesome.
LOVE LOVE LOVE MY HAIR, omg seriously had a panic attack when she was cutting my sidebangs short
hey i LOVE YOU!!!!!! how are you!? i hope your great. jst wanted to say i think your amazing and hot!! GODBLESS! neversaynever
Zirin DESTROYED YOU
I eat kisses and drink pepsi for breakfast
You must never lose site of your dreams. Consider gymnastics next.
no school day is longer than the Monday after Spring Break!!!!!!
Can summer be here? I miss the pool, baseball, and good times! It's warm but...I love summer!
Oh my head!!! :( Feels like it's gonna pop!! Freaking spring! Smh.
I still want part of nebula as a tattoo, but haven't been able to figure out how I could do it and have it come out well.
Thank you! RT : Happy birthday! :)
depends on what it is
TONIGHT'S THE NIGHT - Film Awards and the latest and greatest of our student films! Doors open at 6pm SDSU Powell Theatre 5/19 ttf.sdsu.edu
All these bitches is my son's -Nicki Minaj
At Kathy house with handsome Kaden..!
See you looking sexy in them Jeans got me on ten or eleven
#4famouswords The boy who lived!
Thanks for the RT!
wow I'm so happy. Did he like talk or anything ?
You don't think the #Broncos would sign #Tebow's replacement on 3/16, do you??? : Feels like the start of Phase 2, pimp.
Still working. Still being awesome. So F*ck you.
I might (tho I see Penn's catalog entry also silently fixes). My concern's that older [sic] records'll be missed on searches.
omg hahaha I'm such a blonde :P well, that's nice you're friends with such a good cook :)
confession...it has been MONTHS since my last pin.
Ah. Okay.
#RomCon FFP Dine-in: If you are found guilty of protocol violations, you must make a peace offering, or accept one, from the GROG.
I really love it! “: Remember: A vote for Obama is a vote to send Ted Nugent to jail.”
College presidents, Nancy Zimpher, King Alexander and Tom Snyder on CNN Bottom Line. Discourse about cost is good more needed about purpose
Got all my wrapping done AND reorganized my closet according to function and color while I was procrastinating before wrapping.
Go Memphis! Got a Tony Allen t-shirt, then he slams a nice tomahawk dunk!
Agreed. All I'm saying is that theatres open to a pool of fresh AND established designers = more opportunity + less burn out.
We are happy we could help!
Ha....thanks for the love
haha no...i work for a candy company! it's bc i can dress up and be in costume hehe
Katherine's back - and she has a job offer for Lynnette - in New York.
Got some stuff to do today before my friend's graduation party. Should have started earlier but I enjoy sleep.
Looking for an #expat position / #job in #Singapore in #retail or #marketing I am #fluent in #Vietnamese and able to
#fourwordsyoudontwanttohear I hate you alot..... Worst pain ever to hear that being said to you......I'm like "NOO"
I did yesterday. I should probably eat more. Good thing is I like Shalgham a lot!
Didn’t occur to you that I might just like some fucking peace and quiet.
1000 tweet so in light of the occasion it goes to Augustana—Boston
Im not lucky Im blessed :-)
Marcum just shaving-cream-pie'd #Kottaras for his walkoff. Ahaha one run away from MIL having A-Ram @ SS & Gamel @ 3B. That owned thoroughly
Today's has had its ups and downs
destination day and rain? Uhohs.
Lol... Wow fam >>RT : For those who don't know, I can give 2 drops of cat piss about the 1st rd of the NBA Playoffs.
Time to pretend
If you work from home, what are your business hours? Do you work the standard 9-5 or do you have a more flexible schedule?
Game over!! Pack never showed up. Come on Bucky!! Pull one out!
I'm not workin' for the weekend, I'm workin' through it.
One Man's Fight With Google Over a Security Warning
Asking God to "Order My Steps" today
doesn't like the word swaggie.
Eclipse, why can't you automatically sync the workspace with the file system, instead of making me push more buttons?!
Cleveland in February... It don't git no betta
We had a 63 degree day earlier this week. My son had to play outside in snowpants, mittens, boots--the works. Ridonk.
All my friends are leaving. But I still have a screen play, a tv show, and a written exam. Fuck me.
First day of classes went better than expected
I struggle rooting for Spartans even when they are Packers. Just not that mature.
#NeverTrustAGirl who posts nothing except things about attraction, being real, and reasons to make her smile/living only 1 life. Shes a hoe.
video or it didn't happen
yea dont ever wanna fuck with her when she made that girl try & kill her self I wad like damn
i will see what i can do, i will probably forget but i will try not to! yea send me your number plz! ...
good luck in the NBA bro you might be headed to cleveland!!
Does that sound right? This means to the average person, if you go to a funeral, you're better off in the casket than doing the eulogy
I dont like ratchet females lol
rude girl
And you're lying real still, But your heart beat is fast just like mine.
Lmao i feel it
If you live near Mandarin, Florida check out my booth at the Creative Arts Fair in Mandarin tomorrow from 10 to 4. Http://dmgartstudio.com
Its goin down tonight ME & on the 1's & 2's at !!
I was talking to Alli! I herd you!
not stlutiness allowed !!!
Time to go elbow and knee some people on Black Friday. Woohhaaa.. haa! #stayoutmylane !
Tonight we are young, so let's set the world on fi-i-i-re, we can burn brighter than the sun
Yes. Presenting tomorrow at Speed Innovating, and had 21st Century Skills Task Force meeting today. Say hi if you see me!
That's why the almost got beat.
we look forward to to meeting you.
Glad you're writing. Best of luck with the story! And NYC is great--when will you come up for a visit?
ha ha yea i was sad yesterday kinda i saw it coming
Maryland lawmakers are in a special session. I'm praying they remember what's at stake, education, jobs, and public safety.
I really feel sorry for the woman who have kids who cannot be the Role model they need. The apple don't fall far from the tree .
I am interested in the Brewers.
always on the clock
she got obese made a show which turned out to be Epic fail( 2 make money 4 more food) and croaked back under the rock
RT : Damn last night we got our ass whooped but it's cool tho they still my team
Small Businesses: Keep Grindin' baby. My guy lost his store, he's down but not out. U gotta do, what U gotta do.
Now that's the way to plan a wedding! Best wishes!
Perhaps I'm just being racist, but I don't see any snow.
Is getting ready to reunite with his band mates Mo and D so that some sweet sweet music can be made.
#currentlylisteningto: reel big fish
San Diego: officially the most beautiful place I have ever seen.
Wide awake, brewing coffee. Studying for my human anatomy exam, got to do this! Come on you can do this!!
early bbq's mean early drinks means early sleep
You want a good movie that nobody knows about, get Brooklyns Finest. You'll thank and love me at the same time ;)
Bring on the Cardinals! Oh wait...
apparently Boston has already swept the sixers...how all the analysts have ben acting...pretty sure that series is 1-1
ah...haven't had that yet. Yes! Thnx!!
rocking out to cotton eyed Joe with Eric with the windows down in a mustang
Alternative medicine is still new to most people, with Massage Therapy included. Massage offers restorative, preventative & relaxation
happy #bday and #Wildcats won!! Candles and cake have fun in
And your patrons shall henceforth be referred to as minions.
It feels so comfy to me.Like he is so relaxed and real,we are transported there with them.
RT : Your company is not great if it is not great without you! Jim Collins at Fortune Leadership Summit
Haha, those are great!
over 55 crowd?
“: Osheas is shutting down today.I will miss you,Vegas cathedral of stale beer and filth" -- that's a shame!
Gearing up for the GREATEST Memorial Weekend EVER!! Gospel at The Gallery! May 26th Gospel is taking over DwnTwn Vegas baby!
Tom Crean Looks like an angry Cabbage Patch doll
haha, I don't think I'd know what to do in a situation like that. So, I hope you handled it well.
You'll find some neat stuff at her store.
Happy Law Day to everyone in the legal community!
Waiting for to go on stage at JLL Forecast 3.0
I know!
As a blonde, i'm really ambivalent about #starbucks new 'blonde' ads and flavor. Not sure...
I can text with my phone now, thanks to Tucker! Woo!
how gonna retweet yourself giving positive feedback? Lmao
beautiful day in Pittsburgh, windy and cold but the sun is bright and warm
#ideas2actipn the innovation summit begins!
Love watching the fact that you are more focused on AJ.. and wont have any problems Sunday
think 1834 is too late for Early American History seminoar at the Scholl Center? Debating submitting about the Ursulines.
This weekend ByBy Style Studio is launching ByBy Beautify!
I wonder if #lennykravitz got in a #fight if he'd keep his shades on.
follow me please!!(:
VA Beach! Swimming pools and cookouts! Basketball! This is how Horse Feathers spend our days off
i fucking love you
i can go if you want (:
ok.. now seriously this time, Im going to bed.. good night everyone..
I love
I would buy hair for $20
Super-cool to get mentioned by !
I'm so worried about you!!!
Lets go FLYERS! RT: On way back to the east coast for the holidays! Always great times!
you just funny lol
We're playing the Opolis this Saturday night, come kick it!
Remember that disciplines rely on journal articles differently (humanities vs. medical & science) ,break usage data by discipline
wat happened where did u goo!!!! Lol
Lmao! I don't know if I'll ever get to that point! Just the word lecture give me Vietnam flashbacks! lol
thanks chase!!:) why are you laughing so much?!? Lmao
Have you ever stayed at the Biltmore Mansion in Asheville, NC???
Any time you want to get drunk and hit the streets, I'll be buying the drinks, or at least the first 5 drinks
I'm on a roll with it for the last 7days or so. Hang in there
people on twitter convice me that this will all be worth putting up with
lol! It's a good song!
A7 Washington Nationals mug that was given at gate and had a new special each inning. Kept it beyond the game.
Felt first kick
They won't go far. Even after this game.
RT Chillin With One Of My Great Vampire Bredren And His Awesome Iguana. LA Kings Gods Spoken Through Our Presence
I am the number one cook for kfc...i am the best and fastest cook..i do my job very well.....
I stole a naked juice from safeway and then I drove back and paid for it, that's why you don't drink it when your shopping
Jan. 9-2 PM-Balloon Museum "Sabotage in the Arctic: Fate of Submarine Nautilus and its North Pole Rendezvous with the Airship Graf Zeppelin"
almost as much as the guy who invents the undetectable steroid.
. Love is Pain !
Such a beautiful day down at Burleigh Beach !
promotions via
"Life as we know it" by Allstar Weekend = new favorite song.
Aw this is sad
Shot out to my homie for and his rehab center for getting me back right
is looking for baby swings, dancewear, and strollers. Clear some space in your closet for a clean start to the school year!
Weeping may endure for a night, but joy comes in the morning.
Then you can decide if the advice should be used before you jump out the window!
"Happy Mother's Day" from your family at Melloy Dodge!
Def agree on that count ... WOW
TenacityCircusArts.com is launching on the 23rd! Check it out!
UGH ALL OF MY HEART IS SO GOOD IM CRYIN
Third audition of the week! I'm pretty stoked, blessed, and ready to rock!
Google's new organic algorithms have really given SEO only practioners a reason to consider a new profession. Score: Google 1 & SEO Firms 0
so....the trendy teams.....gotcha
“: After Herb Welsh finishes his report it's then Update.”<<-- god lets hope we get there quick.
At the studio gettin it in almost about to wrap it up tho but come check me out!!
If you know of any awesome Austin Office space available for programmers send me a holla. Thanks.
Still no podcasts? So hurting.
Looking for classic, prototype MKE Backyard deck patios, 50's 60's era homes, South Side. Film Location = $$ Lemme Know. !
"Hugo" is now by far my favorite 3D movie I have seen...Ava-what?
A5: no, I haven't completely told a story through pics, just used them to enhance the blog. I will try it though
College wide awards begin, presented by Dean Lori Bergen. Congrats fellow students!
guitar lessons. And going to a studio will cost me $300 for about 8 hours. And that would come out of my pocket and not his.
Just had two of your cookies for breakfast. SO GOOD.
party saturday still???????
but. its for the fans that love you and will always be behind your work of art.
You ain't sexy and we all fucking know it.
I'd rather be sweating like a hog like I am today, than freezing to death! Any day of the week!
We couldn't agree more! We may have to make that our new slogan.
duh I want to! I'm hurt you didn't invite me in the first place..
RT : Any relationship you plan to keep, you must maintain.
Butterin' toast and pourin' juice Children's Hospital
We have a GREAT sale on spas until September 25th! Stop by and check it out!
bye ain't no one show&& off...so we goin bowling of skating ???
are you taking an info vis class this semester or is this for fun/research?
Definitely didn't do that seminar questions hw . . . Oh well I know it well enough to be able to fake it (:
First gallon of water down! Cooking chicken then GTL & hit yoga...
You can fall for pretty stangers and the promises they hold.
yeah I have pool playoffs Friday so if we win Friday gotta be back Saturday at 1. No way I'll get out of there on time to go.
Butler starts the half with another 3 pointer!
I need to bring my dance clothes!
No :c
I'm so stunned right now.
My plan this week is to start haunting the local liquor stores. For moving boxes, of course.
What's your St. Patrick's day story?
will check it out J
”B.A.S.I.C. is a lifestyle, your antidepressant”
looking forward to a much needed vacation with family and wondering what 2011 will bring...
Oh man i am so full! Happy thanksgiving
Snatch piece
Got to commerce early today for the 10k main so decided to play some 3/600 in the downtime. time to freeroll that buy-in!
Out of the shower,its late so might as well go to sleep.
our biggest competition is ignorance, indifference, and indecision.
ok. Thought as much but wanted to chk.
Last time I saw one of these, the system was highly unstable. Not sure if due to OS having extremely limited hardware support?
So are you getting the shoes?
That typewriter needs a middle name. How about Neale?
I'm really going to miss it here. I had a wonderful time & I really don't want to go. :( I love my cousins we had a wonderful time
Anyone else out there love this time of year? Fall, with the leaves coming down and the slight chill in the air. And Football!!!!
Just finished 1/2 hour of yoga and feel wonderful and energized. Remind me again why I don't start every day this way...
People never tweet me.. Make me feel so sad lol
agree with your assessment...I think my favorite is Gwyneth.
Happy to hear it, Sarah! We look forward to becoming not just your new favorite app but favorite app of all time.
Rebel America Inc. lands song placement for MTV's 10 on Top. Congrats to Songwriter Tiffany Parker!
ya own family don't fuck wit u. Nigga cried cause Rodney ain't put him on his team. No that's my brother, bitch.
Ur personal #coachella Forecast: Fri: Very windy w/showers, 71. Sat: Mostly sunny breezy & mild, 69. Sun: Sunny, 79! RT? :o)
But, to drive real scale and impact (say: 10K students, 1M lenders), how do you create relationships?
didn't know you played golf and soccer for UK. That is awesome.
I don't wanna deal with you right now.
I didn't realize there was more than one either. I guess #saa2011 is more of a guideline
haha meat did better than we expected and was behaved better than most of the ppl...
no! The outtakes! Saw we had about 22,000 views on YouTube the other day. #ghamtv ah
hate to see anyone hurt
you're better off mail order... i get most of mine that way...
Legit methinks.To thine own feed be true. RT legit to follow people and yet tweet not yourself?
Why do I feel unappreciated???????????
Good first performance tonight!! Thanks to for coming even though I didn't get to see you! :)
At work these little kids geek me
What we're doing takes so much effort and work...BUT WE WOULDN'T HAVE IT ANY OTHER WAY!
We HAVE to take a road trip! You're under contract to do it ... lol
Type of things I like
#Monocle 24 is surprisingly good, but they need to work on increasing the variety of their music playlists.
Prayin for my grandma , I lovee her so much <U+2764>
She said life isn't about smoking weed & fuckin Bitches, GROW UP
Eating and watching Football!
I live in the fucking hood but my landlord drives a Beamer. Do I even have to say it?
Follow back?
Trust the reality that you have in your heart chase your dreams never let someone opinion change you have faith in yourself gotdammit....!
I am a fan of premium denim jeans Joe's, True Religion, Citizens of Humanity
Who's driving? she said and smiled in her special way i know i'm too drunk to...
my draw something is batmansbabee
More from The Natives/trademark/3rd element/those guys crew
Why do I not eat strawberry shortcake every day?
It's a great day to: "Forget what's gone, appreciate what remains, & look forward to what's coming next."
I think it's kind of neat when my ears pop on planes. Pop pop pop.
1 not being bad at all
Ah...I knew there was something fishy about that call.
You're too kind! Thanks for the #ww love!!
hey coach vogel...nice "flop" by dahanty jones
Why is #yoboyfriendgay a trending topic. Is that really a concerning issue on late-night twitter?
8 Mile: I love the Movie, I love the Album and I love the Song :)
She deserves it though....
Want to earn money online? Had no success? Then you need to visit ptcsitesofawesomeness.blogspot.com
I want to come!
what's up
Thanks for the shout out. Will we be seeing you on April 28th?
in a blowout!
My cab driver is playing dirty rap. Stay classy, Toledo.
your welcome! and Thanks I root for him and Denny every week
remember whaat?! that it's now exactlyy 8 days left??
I used to jam hard to the Jonas Brothers.
need to get a ft on dis song i recorded might hit my nigga up
Great to connect! Look forward to following you!
Take off the limits!
100% certain that there's a market for this.
It is absurd that a man should rule others, who cannot rule himself
Thanks so much for your kind #FF!
coffee to go box, but party box is a way better choice. holy moly all 96oz, way to go ! Serious drinkage!
just saying there are lots of options for creative swing votes in this saga. Some good, some not so good.
What a beautiful night on the Square! Stop in!
When children don't get what they want = tantrum. When adults don't get what they want = ???. To me, this determines level of immaturity
Alright well a deal is a deal we're going to tune in! What'd you think of our single?
What if he's broke like me?
Slept in until noon, now headed out with the family. I hate all this rain.. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0093>
Thanks for the follow, Hypnotherapy is a whole new world I know nothing about...
Flaming enthusiasm, backed up by horse sense and persistence, is the quality that most frequently makes for success
Can I please be as brilliant as Jane?
Thank You Tonya!
and walking
Happiness comes from a life of meaning and purpose, so here's 15 Things You Should Give Up To Be Happy via
Sounds like #BB14 is running scared.
": Trying to make it to my bro show tonight. He ignoring my phone calls :-(" never!!! Call me
wait there's no hockey on espn?! Your on the wrong channel man
Three 100 yard rushers.
Another solid workout with our college guys this morning. Conference call with at 11:30. HS/College sessions tonight at The GYM
I hate that shit comes on so late on the east coast...
"Trust your Heart" To Uyen Nguyen, "Even if..." Nowen, "Spaghetti and Fish Paste" Bonzai, "Monalisa’s Smile" Rea, "Right Place" Miyoba ^_^
This girl with the blue eye shadow needs I stop grillin me!
Good practice in Richmond, nice to knock some dust off. I'm definitely out of practice, but hey, I forgot my chausses & I can still walk!
Ask a Lawyer is being held at the Main Library on May 1st at 1 p.m. They will provide free legal advice to the public on a first-come basis.
worse. I got a PhD some years ago.
Due to exhaustion, I showed up to work for the wrong shift 3 hrs early. At least I wasn't 3hrs late...right?
Yesterday in music class our teacher let us sing any song we put in a hat and picked mine. So we sung #SoListen by :)
Been going to This American Life movie. Found out that Snap's gonna be there, wanna go even more but can't :(
It's really weird watching my grandma and aunt work out
We have Veterans concerned about healthcare, and Green party supporters concerned about environmental issues and genetically-modified foods.
It's hard to watch #dexter when you're in an ice truck.
Daughter's playlist changed all of a sudden - she shouts, "Pst! Kirk Franklin just threw off my groove!" LOL
Is that cookie still up for grabs? Looking for a snack.
I need to get my new serger set up so I can sew a lace belly dance wrap top! I'm tired, but I want to try it out tonight.
You know it's going to be a long day when you yell 'Seriously?!?' at your alarm clock.
Merry Christmas....You are in my thoughts and prayers!!!!
Another dead rat right outside except this ones just fat and dead and not run over by 50 cars.
I just aim to live my life, give love, follow passions, & do my best to be a good person & friend who gives with my whole heart.
Wilson was high on their board. I can't question Reese, the man has a good eye. We needed another good RB to back Bradshaw
lipstick & mustaches
The Lovely Boners
Im Switching To E-Z Wyder's : )))
omg the drag on glee is singing starships!!!!! omfg!!!!
Great presentation - will start a tab at the terrace beer stand for your next visit.
I'm late as hell for work I wish. Time stopped.
: How does every1 in a learning org. make their mark? How do we lead so all can & do?
Don't ask... Everyone there should be even, At least 2 dvas match over 5 minutes
Those are so awesome. I cut out skulls this year for garland but nowhere near 50. Props!
the song is Great <3 this is why you are my inspiration <3
do you really cut ur self???
Thanks for the FF mention!
Leftover tuna-fish casserole for lunch..yum
This weekend is going to be fun af!!!
break free
The Action Fund has given 100% Pro-Choice Rating! Scott Peters stands up for women and choice. Spread the word!
It completely baffles me when celebrities commit crimes. Tf are you thinkin?
RT : If you tickle me, I'm not responsible for your injuries
Hi JA, I wold love to have you as a guest on my radio show from Jerusalem, Israel!
and Jags just for taking a Punter in the 3rd
Go workout and have fun with your fitness! Today's regular foods are not getting any healthier. Go exercise and be fit for life!
The lake show about to come on lets go lakers
just saw a trailer for the new PLL, it looks amazing! I love Ali's quote, "Did you miss me?" Yes, everybody missed you! =))
Wat u want RT bring me something.
Man mike we need a big talented wideout in Denver !!!! Sign with us!
Proud of you! Was thinking crossiants & adult beverages in the near future?!
Menopause: A Naturopathic Approach - Tucson Citizen
#Connected was tremendous.
you traitor
First it's all like I lov you.. And then it's all like... I CAN'T STAND YOU!
Lamar is so hot it isn't even funny.
It feels like summer here in So-Cal! If you're getting outside and getting active, try wearing your #PostureShirt. Posture makes perfect!
Oh yes! The Jets tears! M. It feels so good!
BEST DAY WITH ALEXIS EVER
G O O D N I G H T ( These are crackhead hours)
The FHS Powercats take the PTC Design Award at the UT Tyler FTC Qualifying Tournament!
AW YEAH GURL YA NO IT
Studio plans its last dance among the cars - Oregon City News
that should make you even happier max
a supposed 2 hour drive took 6 hours. thats just innapropriate...& adventurous!
Today #Easter hours, open at 11am and Ribs from the GO! Bring the family and enjoy an Easter BBQ :)
When was the last time you sang a song? What was it? Sing it now.
Awesome! Such an awesome day.
What makes a man want to break apart with ease? I think I know. I think I might know.
Totally cried when 9 turned into 10 though.
What would it smell like?!
More stars please. Need. More. Stars. #yeahwrite55 I think I got smarter this week after reading all these posts. Terrific group.
like 10 minutes ago!!! haha i dont even know how to work it. I feel like an old grabdma trying to use a cellphone
Aisha Tyler: "yes a black woman did use the word chimera"
Ahh so much i need to know by wensday then performing them thats just lovely
Just linked my tumblr blog to twitter, stay tuned for more blog updates!
thank you boo!! Chipotle date soon with <U+263A>
Sorry guys I hit my follow limit or I would be following you back! Everyone get me more followers so I can follow you all back (:
I was thinking end of day two after peer critique... end the day with a light video
Sis queen outing at Park West! Seeing the amazing and w/
I am the walking dead
hate Monday's and Tuesday's to much-.-
I hate when people touch my food ! I can easily take you to the store and you can buy your OWN food ! DONT TOUCH MINE !
Love hearing the rain gently tap on my car windows.... BUT CANT STAND THE PEOPLE WHO DONT KNOW HOW TO DRIVE IN IT!!!!
hello sir.
Thanks 4 the follow. I returned the fav.
check out www.royalepic.com
Incredibly predictable (see ).
I'm not an emotional person. Nd that messes me up with a lot of things
do some dancing with jay. Like a couple
I hate to say it, but Bama is playing an awesome game! They're confident at the plate and solid on D. Love me some SEC softball!
Poetry is the greatest gift Allah has blessed me with
Hey there you little button. Twitter huh? I like it. Looking forward to seeing you this weekend.
RT : Apple announces it has sold three million new iPads since its launch on Friday, March 16.
The reason we struggle with insecurity is because we compare our behind-the-scenes with everyone else's highlight reel.
WSU is pretty much always crap. 1 or 2 wins in two seasons combined...pulling a Linehan I guess.
haha wow you really do love that episode. I stand by my fav: duck covered in oil/ Zach squirts oil canister at school board
RT RT : If u don't have love u don't have life ~~ rg
I know I would! Yeah Kahlua is so sweet, it is easy to get sick on it. But oh man that looks good!
It sucks the only way i can distract myself from everything is by reading..
lol she is 4 hrs away an I don't share with family
I haven't been on here in a while.. hi twitter! Lol
We offered to carry Versus through Sept while talks continued -- Comcast declined. We've heard you - its time Comcast hears from you!
thanks for the follow brotha.
got a b'day tech treat I see? I love my 4S (dictating this on it-voice rec's great for arthritis); in any case, happy birthday!
Some people are so lame
seriously? Wine and chipotle? Jealous.
Two finals are done and two more to go; I think that the hard ones are done and the two tomorrow and Friday should be the easier ones.
great Ethiopian dinner at Kobek. I knew I would like eating with my fingers. Thanks !
It makes my day that you like Kid Cudi- great song! RT #nowplaying: kid cudi - persuit of happiness. Road trip fun
Just finished working with our web designers to add the finishing touches to our new website. Launch date June 1.
Old Hurricane Lantern restore part 1 of more to follow - hurricane oil lamps
Yep - A friend visited you on Saturday and brought me back a growler. I love 2xipas so he selected a good one for me. Cheers!
I'm so ready to get off of work n I haven't even clock in
Tonight - H st 11 pm for a music + LED light installation by Deniz Kurtel for , then 411 warehouse for w
feeling insane and irritable so I decided to listen to some chuck schuldiner solos to soothe me...it just made me crazier.
having problems with but can't find a support link or forum anywhere.
I wish omaha would quit calling.
"I bet if you play some records by The Carpenters backwards, you can almost hear Karen saying, I just threw up in my mouth a little bit"
Just saw behind home plate.
EMWW Strong close at .005 keep this one is far from over!!!
let's just call it like it is: Arizona's Jan Brewer is a piece of shit.
Public speaking is not my scene
Putting wax on your braces then realizing you swallowed it <<<<
#fridayreads Finished Baldacci's new book Innocent. It's a rollercoaster thrill ride! Got an ARC from #pla12 - thanks!
lol well I hope you feel better C: how are you celebrating this christmas ?
Nice! Trying out after I got their invitation. Any other lucky fellows aside from and her music :)
4:30 a.m. Baltimore time & I'm up to start the day. Exercise, shower, breakfast , then wofk on presenation- present on Thurs :15
Art Clix app: Any discussion of a "Go Deeper" button to meeting varying levels of understanding?
It's nice outside. Too bad everybody I fuck wit. Either MIA...outta town... Or fake... I need sum new friends
Visit us at www.slyderfootball.com
Pray for me and my daughter as we head back across this bridge....
I'm the guy who checks Liam in and out of his modeling gig tonight. Watch #90210 !
There are three billion women who don't look like super models and ONLY eight who do
Listened to Unrest's "Hydro" (33:15) one and a half times this evening. Tomorrow I shall try for an even dozen.
Struggling to study this morning. Can't concentrate. Would rather sleep.
thanks for the follow Rex!
Thanks Ryan! I'd love a copy!
Feeling dejected today... Just like any Vikings & Bears fans feel all the time.
Did i follow the wrong one? OMG! I cant hold on when i saw does his rap yey!
should have bought a droid!!
would same be said for dunn's spring?
you know what, you totally got me on that one :)
thanks for the re-tweet .... sorry for the delay... :)
hahaha don't be out too late cochino!!!
The 1 Indian store here usually has some new films, but I watch old films too & don't want to buy them all.
seeing dudes with their kids >>>> .
I hate being cranky
it IS lovely in Seattle today/this week! AND, my Mom arrives for a week-long visit today! YAY!!
They better not kill karen off of desperate housewives
Have not tweeted in over a week. Back in LA, had last audition of the year on Wed.! Now out shopping for post-Christmas gifts for myself.
"You do not do business with US, you do business with the world...the world is bigger and different." Ursula Burns Xerox CEO
I is sleepy.
Kohl brought up Heat as example of not having true center. OBVIOUSLY different having superstars, but still.
Going to see keb mo in concert tonight. Anyone seen his show before?
I know I'm not attractive but it's k cause I like someone else to! :p
":.Cotton balls just bounced off." I hope you meant cannon balls!
I am a loud bitch. Like, really, I need to shut the fuck up. I'm annoying myself.
it is a must, let's put that as one of our life goals.
parliament of owls.
are you ready to rock?? is waiting for you.
Love not having to work OR go to dance!
It will be hard to find them at first, but your best bet would to start searching Tuesday morning. Thanks for your support!
#FaveSongLines The mirror can lie, doesn't show you what's inside...its amazing what you can hide just by putting on a smile.
Drawing class is seriously the most frustrating class i've ever had.
The girls at LAC.
Be still and know that God is God!
I cried for my boyfriend.. ion like seeing him sick.
Sponsor Showcase closing up at #sparc2012 My favorite line : "Just push the upload button and the metadata goes in too-magic!"
right?! Then we would've needed Jemaima to pray for us with her plants.xD
Cheyenne is currently open in both directions. For more information on the repair, please follow up with the City tomorrow.
#whsummit join conversation on ending hunger -- 2:30 in Washington room. Witnesses to Hunger will be there
say what you mean and mean what you say
Waiting to be subtweeted about cause I'm talking to a porn star.
no, it's not related to pinot but it is to Zin.
It certainly worked on me. And I only took one!
I THIRD! RT : I second that! RT can not wait for some festivities this weekend!!
Wait a second. Is that a slam or a compliment?
Praying to the fashion Gods to find me a dress for Operanation on Friday. The one I sent to be altered came back . . . un-altered.
question: have a comm audition today. no sides posted that i can find. cool to call the casting office and ask?
Not as excited as we are to have you! RT : Excited to have been accepted as a reader at today! :)
#Chess Moves #Chess Moves#Chess Moves#Chess Moves#Chess Moves#Chess Moves#Chess Moves#Chess Moves#Chess Moves#Chess Moves
Algebra and History test tomorrow....
Officer got hit by a drunk driver last night. But don't worry, he'll recover from surgery and be kicking your ass again before you know it!
That should, of course, be 'Fifth Discipline.'
RT : "Fun Fact: Tasmania has the cleanest air in the world."
We are thrilled about today’s subject. We are the only film festival that showcases films that are about or take place in DC.
Thank you so much for the birthday love!
On this fine #WW, who is counting down to the National Dog Show presented by !?
": #Pisces love passionate kisses and a loving embrace."
And how can LORAX not be a word in Words with Friends? Oh the injustice.
This is not meant to be a creepy tweet but I was wondering where in the US you live.
I think the Phoenix race is about to start.
Sober up man.
Google Has Served Them Well
If I am not worth the wooing, I am surely not worth the winning. Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
you in quintin's suite?
pffsh. She must be pretty damn amazing! You're really talented :)
Check your credit report for suspicious activity annually.
#SA4W I guess people still dance like the end of Empire Records.
"I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work." ~Thomas A. Edison
I would give up everything to see you LIVE!! I'M DYING HERE!
Which weights more? A pound of feathers or a pound of bricks
thanks ur awesome to
I Can't Make You Love Me but just know that i will always be here for you no matter what! id rather have u as friend then not have u at all
Headed to whole foods how many million will I spend?
Check out our Tweet chat with Ypulse! I'm on right now.
“What God called sacrifice, Abraham called worship.” —Wayne Huntley from Transfigured by J Todd Nichols
Dear god i cannot climb up three flights of stairs without feeling like i'm gunna pass out and I've been doing this all year
Yup, I'd believe it lol
have I shown u the trailer of my movie ?
who wouldn't stay tuned especially 4 you one of my inspirations and reasons i live <U+2665>
Life's not a fairytale sunshine and rainbows, look through the clouds, your guaranteed some rain flow.
your still sexy....and when you said "damn" in that interview, i like cried
Great idea. I hope you get too many entrants to count!
We can't wait, and your delicious Black Hat Temranillo will be a wine list feature out there too!
hm. according to Categories under "who to follow," there are only 34 people on Twitter interested in books...
Thanks, our keylime pie is delicious! We also have Lemon, Apple, Banana Chocolate Toffee, Sweet Poratoe &Strawberry Overload! :)
What when season 9 coming on!
thank you for following! We
Ride those mares right into dreamland. Cheers!
We all have that one friend who we greet with an insult.
thx for the follow miles and miles away! we look forward to your tweets!
Can't wait to see tonight at the Fresh TV Teambuilding!
It's going to be ridiculous.And it's so exactly what I need after a few pretty shite weeks.
What were they chasing you for?? :)
Where do we go from here?
"Competition doesn't always come to meet you where you are comfortable" Wise words Cee Lo
3 mile run in the sun, check! :)
Vet Reprimanded for ‘Disgraceful Conduct ’ The Disciplinary Committee of the Royal College of Veterinary Surgeons (RCVS) on Wednesday
Thinking if I really want people to come over Saturday???
LA Clippers got that heat Nbs let's go
Amazingly, I ended up in biz class and actually slept on the plane home to L.A.
Thanks for following us as well!
" tell me you said that shit. You gon get two to the muthafuckin dome"
Might ask to play "Because I got High" by Afroman Tomorrow!!! All night...non stop!!! Lmao!
what kind?
Lmfao at the ABCs of Boobs iPhone App
#rulesoftwitter NO TWEET THIEVING!!!!
hmm...what to make for dinner...suggestions?!
#chicultural2012 Results: How can Chicago reach its cultural potential? List from Town Hall Presented. Attendees asked to vote for top 3.
Peplum tops, dresses and skirts anyone?
Why does Gretchen wear a Kim Kardashian amount of makeup to a mud run?
I'd do anything, just to fall asleep with you. Would you remember me? Cuz I know I won't forget you.
I could look into your eyes and listen to your voice all day, thanks for being so inspirational :)
Happy Sunday! :)
LOL I know right?!?
Bracing for impact in T-minus 80 seconds.
So inspiring- the special abilities training and swimming with autism book are just the beginning of a much needed movement
Just registered for #Cloudforce in D.C. Looking forward to my first event!
I love how you dress lol
pool. Looks like LA's treating you well Brooke. Although, pretty nice evening here in good ol Bmore.
Leaving for Nauvoo today. Can't wait to see my baby sister who is getting married. A great moment indeed!
there is a cat masturbating on my tv. omfg what the hell is this. LMFAO.
he said I was grade A top choice meat
Really wanted to go to the reserve league game tonight, but the doctor told me to stay home.
My head is killing me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
I had a dream James emailed me, last night...
I think that's a good reason *to* write them.
haha yea right
Where ever there is a will there is a Way!
You didn't know pinkberry was in new york??
If this don't get her wet i don't know what will
ayee, personal project wasn't that bad. Don't leave IB!
my phone died... But ;)
In honor of #SkipBayless, I once scored 87 points in a basketball game...after I dished out 63 assist by halftime.
Success! RT What a great ! Thanks for coming and see you in 2012!
Recovery International Tool of the Day: Feelings are not facts.
Just landed in
This attitude adjustment is 11% alcohol.
you're amazing. Watching performance at the Hawaii Symphony. Can't stop smiling.
possible opportunity to write for a new luxury magazine. Do you have any samples of your work?
I been confused a lot lately.... That's not coo.
Meeting some new businesses with The small business room
Thanks for that. Glad I sought advice!
Our Contestants are: Daniel McGinness, Noell Link, Jay Garrett, Iain Weigert, Sam Kimbrel & Kurt Schoenhals.
Good morning! Coffee, Kids and Cartoons. Gonna be a good day.
Well, one is less a talk than a demonstration of a game. And I guess I forgot to count the queer pedagogy workshop.
Need sleep. Much sleep.
RT :ilearn my best lessons on my worst days.Some ppl R so selfish & ungrateful.The Universe is taking notes.U won't make it far...
ONE NATION. UNDER GOD.
It's nights like this I wish I had Ryan Gosling or Adrien Brody in my bedroom, ya know, chillin.
Phase 1 of Beta! Exciting to launch a project I began 4 years ago! Don't think I could have done it without passion-Follow Your Passion!
ditto. Just waiting until I can start the lawnmower without the neighbors throwing stuff at me.
and Theme.ly look very cool!
Unknown~ In absence of clearly defined goals we become strangely loyal to performing daily acts of trivia.
I need to win this.
That's what she calls my hang-low RT : "Mission control, get Lacee to stop straddling the satellite"
Thanks for the follow Rachel!
what are you doin?
You need to warn people before you put up a picture like that. The guy in red has the deepest V neck I've ever seen.
Shoutouts to & for the support! Give them a follow Yankees fans...
I hope the CBA negotiations for the NFL get done. It's really not optional it needs to get done.
I was just creeping on Michaela when I came across this cali trip tweet... I will be tagging along on this trip!
Watching Discovery Channel- Bunch of guys head to Alaska to search for gold and play with bears. Now that's entertainment! Nobody dead, yet.
Life is too short to wonder what if.
That's ok we luv u and we'll wait RT : Running behind schedule for sorry!!
#Shoutout To All Of Our New Followers
Wow... just dancing in studio, the "Uncle Lukey Twitch" during Prince's Kiss...Wow!
Im tired
haha no I know :) but we appreciate y'all!
Goodnight Taylor (:
his bro owns a bakery?! And you are thinking twice? Lol
Hudler sucks bring back frank white
Tumblr, tea & Ed Sheeran. Life is grand.
I know you did :)
It is & IMO should be. What if we find out #Seau had issues related to his football career? Small price & Worth preventing.
Thank fuck it Friday!!
Remember that time Roddy Piper painted himself half white to wrestle Bad News Allen?
Why is it that hot liquids always make your nose feel better?
"You're a mean drunk."
its still #musicmonday so check out our dudes in and our main man
My homie is killin it on 101.1 The Wiz right now!! Tune in till 5:30! Catch the both of us at tonight!
Im not kissing anyones ass
Edward Hermann, narrator of Ebert's Life Itself audiobook, does a pretty good imitation of Robert Mitchum.
Brrrr it's cold
I think its a good idea to learn english if you live in america.
Yeah I'm crushing <3
Hey, bad words mister! Focus on the Family!
Yeah, that'd be as weird as giving away Zarek Valentin for nothing...
Never did the OovoO Thing...... Skype was the thing 2 do!!!
are you going to be at FIU in september? I think I read this somewhere
What's up world? Somebody get at me
Eww RT : Kobe has gastro enteritis. Not at shootaround. Lakers say they'll update us tonight. I'm guessing he plays.
you did your own???? Please talk to my kids!!! Was just handed the paper! Luv them!
No more naps
- It violates no US law. But it does violate EU law. Problem is non-enforcement of EU law on commercial data transfer to US.
Will be posting first spotlight video this weekend. Will post link here once it's up!
"Invention is a flower. Innovation is a weed." -Bob Metcalfe
good night beautiful
Praying for Doug, Jill, & Seth as they do Gray's service today at
LOL. RT : I just ran up to get some milk to wash down a Christmas cookie. Sure enough, Julius Peppers was on the carton!
Is your cat more angry when you leave or when you first return?
John Quincy Adams He who has never learned to obeycannot be a good commander
Heading to then back to the exhibit hall RT Where are the Tweeters of #ASCD12 hiding?
I would love to be there :)
Ugh ate lots of rice for lunch I feel so bloated and icky ! Bad carbs
My fav thing to do at wallmart is Hide behind teddy bears and make evil laughter when little kids come by >:-)
I'm sad I won't be able to make it to this :( darn baby that is due two days before.
:o , my back needs to be cracked.
you're definitely not normal when your religion's biggest ad campaign is trying to prove that you're normal
RT - There's a dude on French television wearing a Miami Dolphins shirt and hat. WTH?
Awesome man, we should collaborate on some ideas this week.
so many people believe that. and the USA is #1 because god wants it that way. so we have to protect it from the immigrants/gays/etc...
is a queer <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Turned Out To Be A Wonderful Day!!(:
It's warm up here in espanola
Busy developing communications plan for Look for more blogposts, FB shares and tweets!
To all old and new friends who came out to celebrate CodeSquare with us last night: Thanks! We had a blast!
I got scared to even talk to me. I paid $550 for jack shit. Now that I want a refund he bitched up like a pussy.
Congrats on a gr8 win last night.... 15 more to go....
Aw, thank you so much, Samantha!! :)
I don't hate Monday's I just hate the affect they have on people.
#belowtheline really puts everything I do as an advocate 4 children/families in2 perspective/priorities
Should get KO of the Night just for that!
Watching Lena Dunham's Tiny Furniture. She's instantly my hero after reading about her on NPR's Fresh Air.
And once again the best nurses ever provide me with home-made ice cream and cake.
Didnt Go To School. Probably Wont Tomorrow Either.
Airshow from 5-6 2day y'all check ya boy out go 2 radio school .com click Arlington location and yours truly will b on killing it
Rie, thanks so much!!
I am a terrible Nicki fan
you can keep conceling urself 2744 say tolling during concealment. put ur name out there
Best Coast: The Only Place: It's pure California pop that owes as much to the state as it does practitioners like the Beach Boys and ...
interesting doesn't mean good, but either way, i wish i had that hall pass today.
At Pat & Oscars eating a feast! Been a while since I've eaten here. Good stuff
Etta James, you are true Legend and an Icon. Thank you for all you shared with the world. You will be missed + remembered forever.
hey i saw u tonight at Rocco's Taco! I wanted to say hi but didn't want to interrupt! But seeing you guys was awesome! #gocards! :)
<U+2665> and what he has #CAJONES enough to say to us all here in Denver. #ManningWatch is beginning to stink like yesterday's diapers.
No im mad at you !
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY!
same here! Love your twitter name;)
an enlightened literary source -- thanks for sharing.
A5. Your actions and words should align - Write about what you believe in - you can still get sponsors!
lol when do you have off?
that's how I roll
Anyone ik in STL want to swap a few % in the Wsopc main today?
Thanking God for the amazing opportunities he continues to bless me with. It's my first day at work!
Social D!
Honor other people<U+FFFD>s thoughts, wishes and words .. Never interrupt another or mock or rudely mimic them
ctfu @ my tl. trying to get a laugh out of being bored w/ work.
I can bring my real cat....
c u there
Do you hire BA's in ATL?
A good boyfriend loves his girl with all his heart. He isn't afraid to point to his girl in front of his friends and say "that's her".
Congratulations to our friends at the for winning the MISL Championship last night in Baltimore!
Thursday's are overrated.
Apparently, people forgot how to drive over the long weekend.
pocket pussy
you know what makes me happy...seeing a guy's ass pockets on their ass! stop sagging please and thank you ;)
ahahah !ladies ,out watch !!!manhattan lower and hoboken of all attacking...
Angels are sensitive to your thoughts and needs. Ask for help with positive intentions, they are here for you.
"Marketing is never not your job," Scott Stratten in Nashville.
Ok. I gave into the slew of bad jokes. Tomorrow's poem may induce groans. But at least the title is funny....
Ray allen best 3 point shooter period!!!
good joke
Let Me Down Easy by Billy Currington on WCVH.
Aww no worries! I am bringing sweater shirts galore! ;) Hopefully we'll see some sunny days!
I will repeat- If u hire a dude with a history of being wacky, you can't be shocked when he actually says something wacky
thank you! I hate that shit! I really do.
MT : Thanks for your support! We're here to serve you!; Wishing all of our wonderful librarians a Happy National Library Week!
Way to pay attention West Virgina!! Stand up and make it happen!
thank you
Trey Songz playing & too bed we go ;)
Join , & as CNN covers Whitney Houston's funeral live at 11amET Saturday.
Be glad you haven't done priest duty in the deep South. There was a time when that was THE song. I drank more then.
Try singing the phrase "under center" to the melody of David Bowie's Under Pressure. It's fun. Maybe Hutch can record it.
Days like these are why I put up with the winters.
cinder and smoke...
#EveryoneHasThat1Friend who always wanna borrow something
I'm now the proud owner of a vintage Griswold cast iron skillet. So begins my attempt at actually cooking on a regular basis.
#ThingsIDoWhenIAmHomeAlone Sing and Rap in the shower
One tweet per minute times 60 minutes in a 24 hour day equals 1,440 tweets! Looks to me like some of you already surpass this number!
Anyone out there have two reasonably priced tickets to The Fresh Beat Band this weekend in San Diego? Please RT and help a Dad out!
ill use my popzzz computer 2marow to hear it tho :))
already am following him:)
She acts different when Arianna is here.
lmao .... if she dont want them to get dirty dont wear them wheres there is crowded people
...I am ridiculously sleepy. Will probably be going to bed early.
Happy Friday! Parent teacher conferences begin today! The parent-teacher connection is so important! Valuing each others hard work!
glad to hear it! Everybody deserves a rad day.
We found the winner!
yea ur right because they stick them in a small box with no air and and dont feed them at all
January and april language classes coming soon
really well! Thanks! How are you?
$10 I think
welcome back! Hope you're well. Thanks for the kind words. I'm trying to get back in the habit of writing.
Lowering your expectations - Better Fitness Daily A recent study found that, in the nonsensical weight loss world, most failure has...
According to WebMD, I have leprosy, dengue fever, mad cow disease, and ebola. Near as I can tell.
..When the well is dry, we know the worth of water # Benjamin Franklin
So Youll Also Be GOing To Thw #UpAllNight Thing (: I Was Thnking Of GOING Bit Not Shure Yet Haha!! Depends If Im Busy
is proud to partner with Advance Memphis and Launch Memphis!
A great song can change anything- your perspective, your mood, your life.
O.o
what does this mean exactly? u falling in love with everyone else? :-)
shit I barely got enough gas bread to make it back. If I come up on some bread I'll let u kno
thanks to The Katt's Local Talent Show for playing our tune last night! Who knows how many ears it hit?!
Talking to a guy who you have a lot of stuff in common with >>>
is a go! Get yr asses down here!
finnaly on my way home from school
Thanks for the RT. Looking forward to checking out your digs tomorrow.
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 338
You are very welcome! My in-laws really enjoy volunteering for Gildas as clowns. :)
Like my fan page facebook.comYunikFanPage
Prayers sent from the south!
LOL, yes just watching now :) Two episodes in last night and yes, not bad, really enjoy it so far
how bout taking SJ out of that equation.
HUGE moving sale at our store on 65th/Lex st store! 40%-60% off pillows, furniture and accessories!!!
Her father did a great job in botching up the case. Is he by any chance the father?
cause its true
The weak link isn’t necessarily the person who doesn’t do the job well. It’s the person who doesn’t do the job from within or truthfully -OU
A is for Apple - the first blogpost in a series on edible plants from A-to-Z: "Nibbles from the Alphabet Garden"
Will the real AJ please stand up? Go #Texans!
Love that show!
First day on the job...
Special shout out to thanks for following us, God bless!
I'm here!!
We will be, ringing my cowbells like crazy
“: I hate when dudes say 'sidebar'. Nigga, smacc yourself with tha hand you beat-off with!”
In the book, writes "Only a thin line separates Fascination from its evil twin: Obsession." Thoughts?
take batting practice at 10:30. This looks like a great day for baseball in Toledo. Go
I know a hotel in PA with no windows in the rooms! Really weird...
dude yes! beware the show's addictive properties, after s1 was up i had to wean myself off by re-watching from the beginning X_x
hooooo aw mindless hello!!!
Malaysia Airlines announced they will soon designate a Baby/Kid-Free Zone on their airplanes...And it will be known as the pilot's cabin.
Will lightning strike me if I hate Tebow?
ha ha
Did you get the email I sent over the weekend?
we are doing our best snow dances trying to get this darn weather pattern to change, but kudos to our Eastern sister resorts for their snow!
lol Same like, if I dont like someone then im gonna let them know that I don't like them I be like 'uh i don't like u' hahah
Working late this weekend to present to you the first line from Simply Color Paints!
Pittsburgh: dec 22nd show is 8 days away! Get your tickets for that and our Akron, oh show the 23rd!
My mini vaca...started out w/a FANTASTIC musing~Ah~ ;p
Are you following ?
You've got your point via a great deal far better than I at any time could, thank you!
How SWEEP it is... Nice job today #Astros!
looking forward to playing #whatsderekdrinking in person in AC with the rest of the #TPEdge gang in this weekend
we were laughing so much <33
this is the year the Thunder break thru. I still have the Heat. The Celts were struggling against the Sixers
NFL draft on Thursday! Hoping the get a chance to pick UW's Jake Locker!!
: A nice idea, but you know, limited time, limited resources, limited energy. Anyway, we all have our wishes.
Anchoring #CANonstop tonight at 7pm, then it's off to
4am shoveling snow,
Basketball with peeeplez
No way girl, catch up it's too good to spoil.
B-day party at park for my middle son.
Where can I send you a copy of my book The Bearded Gentleman: The Style Guide to Shaving Face?
Finally got around to build my linux box, only to find out it doesn't have built in graphic card. I almost feel embarrassed.
Hey , muchas gracias for RT! Hope to see you soon.
Thank you for including me in the latest "Writerly Gazette." Have a great day!
We're staying in Raleigh one more night. Free show at Ruckus tonight on Avent Ferry Road!!
You're right. And try I did.
It's so nice out:) lunch break and reading the latest issue of Fast Company. Then back to my creative huddle. How's your Friday going?
You bet!
Interested in #Indiana, public policy? Follow IU Public Policy Institute's Smart guy who can translate complex stuff.
Not a fan of lebrons 9 but teyana made me want them
please keep me posted
Man, that sucks.
beautiful morning in Hollywood
When I write (and live) the most powerful key is 'backspace'. Never letting edits hinder.
NO, Paula. You want THAT machine.
I can't swim. I can't dance. And I don't know karate.
literally was about to tweet that.... Creepy
useful thing i learned at GIS bootcamp: hit the "r" key in Google Earth to reorient the globe to North
wishing my bf and i had smart phones so we could sext when we're not together
Thanks Tim for the stats about the plight of black men but what r we to do with those stats...what do we do to bring a change?
to see my boo
Haha its ok.....so do i get to explain first period now lol?
haha random but okay
You're just saying that, its ok babe
I never have time to get ready before my math class. Everyone prob thinks I'm poor and homeless.
Is loving playing in the snow! I was humming a Christmas song today...WHAT?! Before Thanksgiving?!
“: A restless mind & fatigued body indicate contracted awareness. #SpiritualSolutions”
#NowPlaying Hit The Lights
go to sleep
You are not a failure! The lessons of life are Pre-requisites for the blessings of life
go to my recent pics on twitter, have to be on a computer tho
so well put it on
Why you up so early
#thatawkwardmomentwhen a white Escape honks at me and I think it's but really it's jus some girl honking at her friends.
never mind dude ur grammer was suck I didn't understand it correctly :)
Damn Right God Is Good..Always Good!
Aw! You two are so cute... :D
love that photo!
Going to a baby shower!
Great food, Great family, Great friends for New Years.
Praising God for who He is unleashes God's sustaining, protecting and renewing power within us!
he's so clueless.
Taking the #bookaday challenge for the first time. Finally read Moon Over Manifest and loved it!
advocated starting preparation earlier in grad school for
- Merry Xmas to one Roufus family to another!
lol I'm already up & at work :-)
have a good night, cell me on your break. I wanna hear your voice. i miss ya sissy
It was quite good!
I'm up...I'm up! Getting ready for work. Wishing I could crawl back into bed.
Finally time for some sleep<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><U+270C> shows and autograph session are about to be huge tommorow.
RT : Looks like our last promo through was a big hit. Getting some new client meetings on the schedule for next week
I'm making golomki its rice with ground meat and spices wrapped up in cabbage leave with tomato souse on top polish dish
#neverbe his second choice.
Thank you Sevier!!
your own fault i can be with you though u.u
Printing lots & lots o' flipbooks for a Save the Date order. Can't wait to put them together!
I have this nagging feeling that the beautiful people on the Taco Bell Doritos Locos commercial aren't the ones that are tweeting about it.
RT : those r shoes, they r supposedly the most comfortable shoes in the planet!
do it!
Graduation invitations are just another way to annoy people
Dallas needs a CB that means Cliff Harris right?
when you get a chance to listen, I'd love to know if you liked it or not.
Thanks!, And Ciao! See ya next time we're in the Med!
Fuck! Screw all this. Maybe pain aint worth it.
that shit will buff out.
omg omg omg omg!!!!!
sorry to ruin ur upcoming tues nite already but no go on our date...im goin 2 c taylor swift
Daniel Bryan is horrible!
I'm coming at you from all forms of social media (and text). 10 a.m. on sat? Your call my long lost friend
yea its nice and.thick
19k on 1st break. Hope it keeps up like this
James, AU student: Where do you see the role of new political parties?
I miss u too hunniie,when r we hooking up?!?RT : BITCH I Miss You!!!
I need to know that it's possible that two people can stay happy together forever.
Having a Starbucks frap RT : I'm eating a bag of Doritos as we talk about being healthy. Whoops...
I hate technology, specifically fax machines...specifically our fax machine at work >.<
you don't buy their explanation? Not sure I do either.
I can't believe you're getting married ! Zomg!
Going to see the #darkesthour hope it's good.
I like the one where you and Esposito are being tortured and you say "I went to Catholic school!" We cheered out loud for you!
Working on an online application process but in the interim email resume's to
#clickerTraining should not be billed as an "alternative training" technique. It is based on solid, fundamental canine behavior.
hiya Tom!! See you tomorrow in Chicago!! I can't wait! xx
Lemon Grass and Garlic Rubbed Piggy just went in the Caja China, come check it out at 7pm for a Southeast Asian Pig Roast!
Ha! Working on a brief presentation and got sidetracked by a french squirrel.
Ready for a night out with the girls :)
#FridayReads is AMONG OTHERS by Jo Walton. Loved her Small Change trilogy & TOOTH AND CLAW. Not sure what to make of this one yet.
on our platform content ownership is 2 ways, either copyright to the brand or license to the brand, we put this in the briefs
they compete for bacon
#InstantTurnoffs when a guy smells bad...ewe
Beautiful shot!
#PeopleWhoMatter - - Bringing hope & joy to homeless children for 22 years!
thanks for the add sweetie
Holy meatballs am I full!
Me and my brother need ideas for mothers day ladies.
Every moment is a moment to give… When I give until there is nothing left, I see God.
No, you may not send me "push notifications" goddamn it.
Marilyn Vas Savant
ok facebook its fine not like i was in the middle of a conversation or anything
The #defendingchildhood task force then heard remarks from Acting Assoc Atty Gen Tony West.
Rainy Monday morning plus computer network down makes for a sleepy Rhonda.
If you go by the commercials, #ford's target market for the #fusion is ugly hipster chicks?
Author Matt Rabidou imagines the end of the world in &#39;Prophecy of the Mayans&#39;
anyone have a rec for a hotel that's a total gem in NYC that I may have never stayed in? Pref Midtown or North?
Thank you for the birthday cheer!
Hate to see yall frown, but i love to see him smilin'
Can't go wrong with Sra. Martinez, Fratelli Lyon, Michael's Genuine or Maitardi. Enjoy your couple's night!
The Starbucks restroom says "Occupied." Dude, the ultra-powerful hand soap lobby is not part of the 1%. Hurry up!
thanks for the feedback :)
My mom had me repaint my green room an ugly beige since she's renting the house. Now it's green again.
“: Good morning! Rise & shine! I'm on my way to the gym.”>>>ugh you're always so full of energy lol but good morning :)
The #BlackKeys on ! Awesome.
you are phenomenal!
mm... might have to take Monday pm off for what is being described at most imp Premiere League game ever .. MUFC vs MCFC ..
Love the images - always fascinated by old photos... I think I was an Historian in my past life.
#FYI Due to its uniqueness in color & robust feel, Jun Porcelain became very popular in China & favored by Emperor Huizong of Song Dynasty!
Who has a pic of Ray Allen's 11s tonight? I cant pause on the tv at school to get a good look.
Join us and Actors Bridge as they present Standing On Ceremony: the Gay Marriage Plays, Monday at 7pm, 5152 Franklin Pk! Show your support!
only if you can shot 50% from 3
Having bum luck w/ org'd fitness lately. Yoga studio I recently got a Groupon for was like that cult-y ashram in _Holy Smoke_.
i took the top off the element
We are running a promotion through the end of March 50% off
Thanks for the mention! We're very excited adding to the 60K+ images in the archive.
Excited For New Jonas Album 31
ick - sounds like a job for Mike Rowe at Dirty Jobs!
and we're happy your happy :)
We only had 4 school days after APUSH exam this year. Some have been double-booked with finals. No wind down here.
Who says nothing is impossible. I've been doing nothing for years. ~ Anonymous
Alright it is almost time for the question that will get some one a gift card !!
Come get on tv!!! Stop by the KARE barn at 4, 5 and 6.
The Two Man Tower of Power Trip
Partnership idea sound great--lending capacity to smaller/aligned companies. I'm emailing you to schedule long-awaited hangout.
Hey can you please play some more music .. It's been almost 10 minutes of annoying ads
that was the best thing that ever happened to you.
FINE ill get out of bed. How is it not Friday yet?
I just finished leg 6 of the Valentine's Day Massacre & am stuck somewhere in Kansas. Or maybe Nebraska. I got lost.
sure if I survive mother natures wrath.
NBA updates EST 133 - WEST 137
RT : Where the drinks?
We didnt' want to list every suburb. That is why we said "Generally Speaking"
I have a lot of home work to do but for right am righting a song
If I'm buying pussy, you better believe she paying for it
Hey! Thank you so much!
still interested?
Where did you go this weekend? See any great museum exhibits/activities?
we miss you! We'll have to give you your own hippie name. Any preferences?
If the devil is real, then that means GOD is real. I see a whole lot of devils.
we have been without a dial tone since early yesterday morning. Am going to DM you my acct # please advise.
#WeLiveInAWorldWhere people won't succeed because there to scared to fail
fruits of my labor i enjoy them while they still ripe
The hoover and I have become a great team in the battle against bugs! A little overkill I admit, but it works!
gosh darn surgical scars
thank god sneezes end
omg i just saw my bf jerk off on cam really hot!!!!!
Almost frozed to death at the beach
seriously, they should sell that!
Today's challenge: #writing a poem by the character who is farthest removed from me. This goes deeper than POV.
Who’s watching #Dexter with us TONIGHT at 9PM ET/PT on #SHOWTIME? Any predictions for tonight’s episode?
Is it dusty on this bolt bus or did I just read Pres Obama's statement?
RT - Any body know where I can get a kid cudi hat. It's really just a cleveland Indians hat. But I want the one he has ...
Is it just me, or does Shaun Marcum have a case of Renee Zellweger face.... He's so puffy and squinty!
My evening: a NY Rangers win, some Bacardi and Coke, a little Spotify, and penning a piece for the next Update. No complaints.
Do you even have to ask? :-)
Who's ur pro pic of now?
Trying to get rid of my 4 hour shift next week.. That's a waste of freaking gas and time for me
I would also like to play for the Dodgers. Just saying. RT Jose Canseco would like to play for the Dodgers
also organics and piercings
just heard math teacher ask"what are like terms?"-is that what kids do to terms now-a-days on facebook? lololol
okay! my phone is being a total slut and said it wasn't sending
I just can't keep tweeting. This #CNNdebate is awful. How can people actually believe these men can govern? Uhh.
if u did it in the car while driving the calories don't count.
Officially declared Finance as my major
have an amazing day
What happens if he's your Prince Charming, but you're not his Cinderella?
Ricky smiley tryna prank call me
follow me please I'm ur fan
OMG I'm so tired right now.
Congrats! A great nod to you and your #emac project!
apparently your not allowed to have problems unless your a starving african child.
Courtney Upshaw is a lot bigger in person. He's going to be a tough matchup for a lot of teams.
watching get RICH or die tryin xD my bad
certainly housing is.. we need more.. But in the long run an athletic program brings enrollment and with that donations
RT : Welcome to the #hispz Twitter Party! Follow
Dental researchers bite into spinal cord injury rehab
Watching "Chelsea Lately" with Viggle. Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Guess how many players on their 25-man roster the Nationals drafted.
Hey guys can you please follow me i follow back ! <3 :D
aunt tina wants me to wait until noon to have a glass of wine... I told her let's pretend its a mimosa!!! LOL
Well, my friends in jail. Great way to end my horrific Monday.
Good bye Cleveland. Hello NY
"Feel all around - my pain is gone, with none to blame but you and I." ::faunts::feel.love.thinking.of.::
Thinking and rethinking...brain is in overload today. Come on spring break!
Good Monday morning Colorado! Hope everyone had a great weekend!
that pic is worth hundreds of relaxing words! Beautiful!
Sad to see Oden released by Portland. Such a great dude.
man do we miss you fellas. Running backs can't see the hole and now pressure on Lee.
Eating a banana, I walked by someone else eating a banana. We both raised our bananas as if to say cheers.
Eating half a pint of Haagen Dazs before going out.
So he's less Hulk and more The New Yorker.
Any thoughts about how to create and tend spaces for such dialogue across boundaries of difference? It's so needed.
Today, I choked on my food. My dad simply stared at me and told me to cover my mouth.
um so he THINKS! Lol
YESS OR #YEE as would say :)
totally hates me! i tweet him 24/7 asking if he would follow me but he never does!!! wahh!! :'(
Hey lady. You too!
it can be difficult to motivate a group...
allude to
You make me want to stick my finger down my throat and puke, but wait. I already do that 4 times a day.
Tweets be having me rollin !!!
I wanna go to urban outfitters today
9th Region girls Holmes 8 St. Henry 4 end of 1st Q
Positive thoughts! {channeling inner resilience}
Pat Robertson if we pray the tornados will stop. So listen to him he talks to god
Literally refreshed my twitter 30 times in the last 2 minutes. C'mon sweep sweep sweep!!!
way to go!
Safe travels to all traveling to DC tomorrow!
Friday!!!!!!!!!! RAIN FITNESS 12pm Cycle w. Brittany 12pm Yoga w. Michelle Rain Fitness, South Lake Union 10:00 a.m. Boot Camp
gotta come stronger than yhat
To many souls lost. Not enough being found - R.I.P. Whitney Houston
Awwwh, son of a monkey nipple.
it is?? oh yeah it might be.
need to do that for the morning show..lol
You can render humanity no greater service than to make the most of yourself.
Playing life twist and turns
can you get on habbo, sorry i wasn't on all day yesterday, i had a studio
Great to see the #Olympics have picked up the Paralympic Games through 2020. This is what the #movement is about.
We're not going down without a fight. The public should keep calling citycouncil & mayor. Watch for the playing of press conf.
O'boy...... this rainy weather is going to get me in trouble
From a couple of ghosts to the man who knew wild things like no one else: thanks for everything Maurice Sendak
No problem!
I think I'm just still 'well-fat'!
I was dropping my son off at daycare & heading to work.
headed to for some desperately needed barre class
Well....um....your a jabroni
Another woman just stopped me in the street and said how our production #ARaisinInTheSun moved her! -- the power of
I got wat u need
Great movie! havent seen that in so long!!
saves the day! :)
I know :D
#nayaholicsalwayswin hell yes we do
B's are really playing as a team tonight. Back to basic, positional hockey. Bergeron is on fire. Great to see, keep it up!
thank you! :)
u 2! Will start brainstorming.
Same week Palin "claims" she gets threats, she re-announces failed reality show, was going to be Shackup Show w/BF, now just pimps kid
Color outside dem lines
you sound a little anti-LeBron
One of the most fabulous ladies in Lawrenceville, our buyer and manger, , is FINALLY on Twitter! Follow her <3
I just saw tweet a traffic report for fellow drivers on the Parkway East. That guy rules.
Is the computer set to project to the main screen?
Pre-met craziness ! Zac has some beautiful pieces rest for the world to see soon!
I like talking about concerts like I actually know the people. Hey Brad, so excited for your concert. I love you.
:D hello pediatrics craniofacial and cleft palate team!
No one in the seat next to me! Means I can use the seat to hold my casebook (which might be a carry on itself) while outlining...yay :-/
Finishing a "secret" Poem/Prose story for latest zine issue the theme being secrets. More photo shoots wed! Weather plz hold!
Don't forget that every Thursday is Wine Night at Smashing Tomato! 50% off bottles of wine every Thursday!
Good question. I don't know.
The Sooner Sports Celebration will be an electric feel after you go to classes Aspen Penn Square Mall Athletic Club.
I believe meant disgusting in a good way.
Relaxing Sundayz..Sports are on!
I was, but can't find the hookups yet. The images from iP are almost good enough. Thought an app might help.
Good night w/good people. Time to rest my soul...and this headache. Goodnight.
hoping to go to SD on my birthday weekend homie. I love the downtown they have
Spurs going to run a damn train on the Clippers
um no all you have to do is cover it...
Lmao at the genric album review but im gon kill the real thing!!
How amazing would it be if #boxing had overtime? No draws, sudden death rd.
I just seen car accident @ lakeview & Logan st. Thankfully no one hurt
7 days without a Tom Brady touchdown, makes one weak!
Haven't tweeted in a while...feels good to be back. Now i am braving the Dallas cold to hit the gym!
wow, just go to one big meeting....hihih..happy valentines day
My pleasure! Also: I dunno about dream job, I just had to eat a Quiznos lobster + "seafood" sub for work. :)
cut off their arms
Ultimately, the Dream Farm is an attempt to address the crisis faced by 175,000,000 orphans world wide.
We are here to evolve n grow. We are here to discover who we are. We are here to transform our surroundings in keeping with who we really r
Why the heck not? All three are viable MVP candidates in 2012.
we made that shit a routine!
I just signed an email "Love you like Peeta loves Katniss"
T-minus 1 day until I arrive in Denver for #drupalcon with ! Excited to see all of my #Drupal and #ux friends!
he better not
Josh Rife score for off Oliviero assist, cuts lead to 6-4
!! Are u guys here?
They say it's cause you have low potassium or whatever
still going strong! Lol
We're out of kale?!
Cool MLK-UVA-Duke history connection. Good research skills, ESPN intern.
that's Great! Im going after The Frye Boot Company!
awesome! Congratulations!
That's the spirit!
LB..what a great photo. Looks like an ad for the good life.
Thank goodness looks aren't everything. RT : you're funny!
Happy Mother's Day
nice that they kept them <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0095>
hey babe!
I also thought the lockeroom scene was unrealistic. We all know they are in there shirtless.
Happy International Women's Day ladies!
Wait, this penthouse dream about is getting weird. Craig, is it that you are generous and fun? #orhidingsomething?
“Appreciation is a wonderful thing: It makes what is excellent in others belong to us as well” -Voltaire
All right, we'll stop with that? But, how's this twitter thing work?
Then I'm working towards why some men fear the commitment of marriage. This one will be humorous, highlighting the Hoe Train.
So far Current Elliotts and JBrand.
Well watchin a really borin show why am i even watchin it
Also, I appear to be sitting at the bus stop with the guy from The New Guy. Weird.
Anderson: fugitive archives - Jonathan McIntosh - original clips in Critical Commons to support his mashup
I'm dying to see "The Dictator" !
"Arrange 1 complete day of rest at your destination before working a full day that requires alertness and energy." - Ed Lee, ClearCause
I think there can and should be narratives, just not complicated ones :)
I got an awesome 2 1/2 hours of sleep <U+E40D>
Attitude determines limitations &is a product of belief. No1 can live beyond th limits of their belief systm. U R a victim of wut U believe.
+1 RT : If done right, ACOs that use HIEs will fare better if they can adopt platform approach, but...
I am ahead! Its kind of wild, I finally dont have a paper to write this weekend.
great light show
You took my love for granted... why, oh, why? The show is over. Say good bye.
call me when you get a free moment
Great to see you last night! Thanks for coming to the show.
Yes. Also, disposable scepters, monogrammed sashes.
lucky 13 open mic about to start!
Of course you have! It is only 4 months away! Now for a theme...thinking...
I'll #LiveBrighter by turning off my AC whenever I'm not home.
where you been bro
RT : So far Apple's Author for iBooks is still my favorite "elearning development tool."
HOORAY! We are just weeks away!
-i miss the times when a warm shower would put me to bed.. ugh.. kids have it made, lol
Tiger Turcotte, Calvin Coconut (multiracial char), Darnell Rock Reporting or Ghetto Cowboys for strong 3rd gr reader
Excited to host #NSMN #SportsTacklesCancer event tonight at HouseofBlues Chicago! #SportsBiz industry has raised thousands for cancer in '09
Failure is success if we learn from it. Malcolm Forbes
#nowplaying - Cry by A Walk to Remember! I love this song and Only Hope too((: i just love this movie!! LOL:D
zoo story tonight at 10. it's a story about a zoo. i think.
Thanks for following! I'm Sherilyn Colleen on Facebook!
I cannot stand when you're there for someone, but when you're the one that needs something from them they can't pull through.
Wish you could have been there today. Lots of fun!
u need me to help u to PUT u to BED
Idk why mfer think they can drive my fucking car all the fucking time wit out putting gas in my shit...... Start treating these mfers
For all you music junkies, it's World Music Festival at amazon.com and they're giving away DOZENS of free sampler albums.
#20ThingsAboutMe; 2. I fear being alone.
Don't play with a girl's heart she only has one.. Play with her boobs she has two.
Mass Effect 3 N7 Bounty Weekend - Operation Exorcist beaten on gold against geth cant wait to get my pack
thats the best meditation...
Big show tomorrow at Rockbar in Nashville!! Come show some love and get in our documentary!!! -MWM
I have the iPad, it'll be my email and not my #
When execs get worried about u sending DVD training vids everywhere, just say you're sending floppy discs.
we got into it on facebook cause of topanga (her friend) so we're not talking right now we probably will later
Hey everyone we will be streaming live from Hollywood this friday!!! be sure to check us out only on iBand Live! check us out www.iBand.me
i don't believe you.
Sad....shut down wen i touch down...
you're fucking right we do bitch. <3
The Edgerton Branch will be closed April 9 - 15 for renovations.
GUYS if you got crazy message from me, it was NOT me. I was hacked:/
u have to have a soul to give up first u damn robot ;)
be honest RT if you think im pretty cause i dont. :(
Why haven't Women landed on the Moon? - Because it doesn't need cleaning yet!
There is nothing wrong with "like." Using "such as" every time just sounds cluttered, especially when only one example follows it.
The people that run this nation and the government have really fucked up our future.
Any title in particular?
hello people
LitFuse hates the fact that there is another fake LitFuse in Seattle!
Dignified interview on The Last Word by Sanford City Mgr Norton Bonaparte.
so now that i saw your tweet about , i have been drooling over it for the past hour.
Of all the stories out there, the one that's least interesting to me is Yahoo's Thompson lying on his resume. Who...cares?
Profit is a powerful force that can be used for good
Tomorrow:coffee and a the Rite Aid Pharmacy. There will be more revealed tomorrow, Now I say goodnight.
Agriculture stocks are oversold here, thus, most are up today. AGU announced they would reveal better than expected earnings this quarter. …
Guess what?! Jack Sparrow.
About to record!!!!!
Work work and more work!
I almost 4got 2 thank my sweetie 4 a fun date nite...
Anish Kapoor opens tomorrow at both of our New York locations! Stop by between 6-8 to see the fantastic new works!
Next #RedLine flash mob is coming soon...stay tuned!
Fathers Day ideas: June 15 Cigars & Beers or Aug 4 Home brewing class on Hop Farm. ()
Tatts for Cans 11/20 at Burts bring at least 5 cans and be entered to win a $300 gift cert from Archetype Dermigraphic tattoo studio
"Duke" the bobcat is now free to find his duchess; story of now healthy cat released to wild tonight
you're killing it today, Chris!
hahah u in #thehungergames was amazing I didn't even know I were gonna be in it and when I saw u my mom was like theresuboy
Welcome, Book of Quotes.
He still earns a letter though!
u r not
(Crawlstandwalk), thanks for following us on Twitter!
was watching sweet home Alabama. Just a fun fact before the night starts
Amazon's same-day delivery costs significantly less than its one-day shipping... #toogoodtobetrue ?
Thanks! I think this is how Twitter works!? :)
I just finished a 3.11 mi run with a time of 27:55 with Nike+ GPS.
They don't particularly love their data the way a literary scholar loves novels
sounds like fun
It's a stormin'~
its gonna rain
Mcdonalds for the first time in months
Nope. I actually got a Masters Degree and I'm currently working on my PhD. I actually did something with the GI bill.
That's where we are.
It's funny how when you're NOT supposed to be shopping everything looks extra fabulous.
#ALERT: #OCCUPYATLANTA needs help come AND stand with the 99% in downtown park! The 1% believe they can arrest every 1, show them otherwise.
she's a #hollywooddream!
We are Black History
We'll be announcing it later today!
YOU KNOW WHAT I MEANT! ;)
Tebow belongs in a different era where Q.B.'s had a couple of years on the bench to learn and then they were judged on ability
! RT : choose your "friends" wisely
going to steal some wheatberries from the chickens!
i was supposed to drop by with gypsy yesterday. but lets get in some shit soon yo
#eisummit Watching presentation. Anyone who plays Joshua Tree is alright in my book. Great idea. About time.
my numba?! boy bye <U+270B>
Of course it was a good entry.....you need to respect your elders!
Stay warm MT. It's gotta be rough at -42 deg. F!!!
Nice to meet you too!
Still up making final edits to my #thesis so I don't have to worry about them through the sessions tomorrow
When my eyes close, my mind opens..
Sushi is like sex.....
I'm teaching a few feet from the US/Mexico border today.
In case anyone was wondering, Floyd Mayweather is making a minimum of 32 million dollars tonight.
wish I could have seen it, I had my worst on air meltdown anchoring MtToday,laughed through a whole block,Jim thought I was dying
Glad I went on KRUP.
I think you can get the vid and audio without silverlight. I was able to earlier. I think slvrlght is for synced doc display.
RT Ken_Kash_Kush I rather die making money,Then die trying to get some pussy like these lame ass niggas lbs....
Who is planning on being in #Vagoose for the #AAMKT 2012 conference? Hash decided?
I don't like those.
it's a bad ticket... Clinton-Carmona puts AR & AZ in play. NY is safe, Gillibrand adds nothing to the ticket.
Can't wait cause i will be there to support my girl
Im not worried about passing AIMS . . I just find it SOO annoying .
i like where your head is at.
Jennifer Aniston & Justin Theroux Send Joint Holiday Card (PHOTO) It looks like things are pretty serious between these two! Lainey Gossi
I love the song Spurs Town on Kj! :D
Check out the newest warmer and scent! Gotta see them all! Scent-sational candles and luscious fragrances!
Merry Christmas to everyone. I hope you are spending time with your family.
Well, at least people will watch 3 out of the 4 #Brewers games against Philly.
Congrats on the SD deal! Glad we got to see you in the red and gold this past season.
For real witnessed a guy combing / slicking back his hair as he walked into a sports bar. Inexplicably inspiring.
Even though it is older than most of the peeps on my feed, Aerosmith's "Same Old Song & Dance" is bad ass.
on my way home from #dc, play some Deadmou5
Spent some time in the garden some weeds that are on steroids.
Some people have the greatest bodies with ungodly faces...
dont i always.(;
#nfais or maybe even blotto. Loved the comment that a patron may never need to care again. And these are the good students.
we should go play golf one day?
awesome, love the look of audis. Congrats!
Hope everyone is having a great evening!!!
Somebody today stoled my iphone 4 out of my locker today and took my lock 2
Woah guess I bought a bathing suit cause one just came in the mail....
That text made my night! Good Weed Good Dreams instead of goodnight sweet dreams lol #HAPPY420 I love ya and see ya tomorrow!
Thanks boo<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> hahahaha
Private event tonight in the Northwest!! What a great evening for a party!!
Philly to see the #Terps v. Temple at The Palestra.
too bad I didn't get picked for duets...maybe someday we'll get to work together!
I feel it is best answered by this lol The first rule of Fight Club is: You do not talk about Fight Club.
good man just touching base. We met at ur show in Santa Monica. Just trying to connect and see if we can collab
Best of luck ! Go win one for us!
he also became more of a punk
I hate when people tweet things that end in #sadtweet #hungrytweet or anything like that. How about a
Chomp Too artist is interviewed in the this morning, be sure to pick up a copy!
Going to bed!
hhmmmm what do you think of Jamie's last?!?
This is the start of a beautiful friendship! :D
I'm so pissed _-_ shit the hhell up its not her fault you lost your phone, and you don't act like ypu care that's why she is upset dumbass!!
thank you! AZ girls are built tough!
Waiting to get picked up when you are sick always seems to take forever...
like I said
If you studied at 1 of our study centers (London, Valencia, Panama, Florence) we want you for a focus group! Today @ 3, 2nd floor of SSB.
Your cute ;)
You still have 2 more years
#thingsIhate Getting dressed after a shower.
Never thought of French Dip! Wow, my mouth is starting to water!
From Yelp: " allows me to combine two great loves: Vodka and basements." This will be fun,
Hey little kid in your adorable pink jacket: I'm no kidnapper, but if I was, you would be the one.
You give and you give and you give...
I support this
Oh what a beautiful morning, oh what a beautiful day...
UM NO LONGER W/ STRANGE!!!! UM DOIN' MY OWN THANG ALONG W/ A FEW OTHERS!!!! IT'S LOOKIN' UP!!!! MUCH LOVE
Discount Double Check FTW!!!
Been databasing 1880 census for addresses where toy marbles were found on site I'm working with. Enlightening on many levels.
Hawking on is so awesome!
Mr. Tony, long time Little, first time tweeter. I thought those fingers couldn't type anymore? Pls don't read my tweet online.
#tech2012 aschwa02 cybersecurity is one tech issue that may engage the electorate. National security vs. anti-democratic overreach.
yeah i went to DQ :) it was yummy wish you were there tho
wish that could be true!
Good Morning Happy Hump Day...Go SoX
Maddy and Shannon's Rube Goldberg machine ran perfectly! Now ir's off to Informatics/Computing preview day w/ Adrian and Graham for a while.
your welcome <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
With my father-in-law away on a business trip, there's a blessed lack of stupid around here. However, there's also a lack of funny.
Is against any kind of abuse, whether its child, adult, or animal... Or if it is emotional our physical... Abuse is abuse
Full contact also seems to be down. They scheduled a 5 day maintenance too/
Just had delicious Swagat indian dinner with my pre-hub. So yummy. I always forget how much I love me some Palak Paneer and Naan. M.
"I need a keg of ____. If I buy 2 could you cut me a deal? My last keg was all foam" Oh yeah, all foam? And u managed to sell the whole keg?
the weather in gainesville tonight is absolutely as perfect as it can be.
dipping the oreo into the aforementioned orange soda...yum
we are really good pong partners hahah
counting calories sucks.
What would your name be if you were a girl? Shoutout to Jada From Canada.......
Happy birthday to me. Happy birthday to me. I need me some liquor...and a few ounces of weed...
MT : #DC tech or social media people have a job opening, & would like to help #SMCDC test out a #job board, send it my way!
When a door closes a window opens, but we lose Adrienne Rich, we get 50 Shades, we lose Maurice Sendak, we get Twilight. Something's amiss.
April Showers bring May Flowers!! Wash your car today, get the top wash, Durashield will have your car sparkling like you were never in rain
u going in huh? Lol
Just give them cupcakes and they'll remember you as the best speaker ever.
hahaha. dumb rule..said that being able to listen is important. But i'd like to point out that deaf people can drive!
Tbqh, I'm not upset that I have to WAIT to hear the songs on the Believe CD, they will be way more special to me knowing I waited<3
Light blues and greens
Without courage, wisdom bears no fruit.
Great discussion about #foodallergy from my old friend via
When you are pitching to reporters, put a face on the story. Get someone to be the focus or example of your story idea.
My cat has the hiccups, & it is the cutest thing ever.
KENNY!! Why is he wearing a sombrero? Please tell him his SU classmate Kara says hi.
My family went on another tattoo rant... "if you ever get a tattoo, I'll disown you." yeah, yeah, go ahead. I'll be 18 anyway.
nope, is that out already?
sounds kinky rt ": Sorry i had to leave but thanks for coming :)"
Ooh! That's a good one.
I really would much rather chill with my best friend than do anything, I swear we can tlk for hrs about everything, love him(:.
Hello, Howard! Thanks so much for the follow. Hope all is well. xox Helen
Beyond stressed !
hehehehe I love it! :)
#ImPregnantAndIDidntKnowIt chick was 9 months pregnant had no idea gave birth in the tub...
So extra blonde today.
I laughed a little too :)
Baseball is ninety percent mental & the other half is physical. -Yogi Berra
Gets to spend the night at her besties house tonight! :D
A neighbor is having a party. A loud one.
I just talked to my father. He is out of the hospital and is doing OK. This really has been a gOoD day :)
I'm falling in love with diatonic talempong music from West Sumatra. Guess I really am an
play music!
S.Gomez,D.Lovato,A.Greene,M.Cyrus,B.RayCyrus,J.Beiber's Ma/Pa,A.Neiers,K.Stewart.StopUrStalkingharassment. Mr.Thunder has no interest in u!
woke up from nap (: are you going to the believe tour? nagksbksjsjsn
I know Thurber disliked it but MITTY is tailored so beautifully to Kaye's talents. Ben Stiller is remaking it?
“: “: How do five gay guys walk? In one direction.” #ELOHEL” you can thank Lauryn for this!
A3: if you co. has a mobile app, you can send push notifications
Nice to meet you! Anything in particular that you're training for these days?
Who knows where those words have been?!
ion give a fuck how feel nigga if i catch u out loafin ima deal with ya quick kill nigga and thats real nigga
Check that 9 HR's for Adrian.
Glad that you like it! RT : Yo! Love the stickers!
Great Lakes Doppelrock & #TheKilling. A fine way to start my "weekend".
call now!
I don't need a watch - the time is now or never.
NOTHING'S FINE WE'RE CORN! ;D hahaha
Check out some , , !!! Life changing music bro!
Just bought the wii and oh my gosh it's addictive!!!
thanks for the RT Rosie!
What an amazing day. Fun launching 's new line. Excited for what's ahead.
If my damn dog don't move imma kill her lol
Thx girl! We are alive and kickin! The Lord blessed us with another vehicle to use for the rest of the tour. God is awesome :)
I can only tweet from my phone it doesnt feel right on the computer
you stabbed me with a fucking pen!!! haha
nfl+mock+draft+2012
Excited we were selected to pitch this month - looking forward to it!
they have been showing up to shows man and they just ask me if they can help out.
Impressive job by Jurich to negotiate 88% of suite profits go to UofLAD. Lville should get fair share, but 88% took balls. Yum, where's urs?
there's still coffee left!
Saw #Timberwolves prez Chris Wright near MSP office. He looked pretty happy today...
Restaurants and small shops to replace Bon Ton site at Greece Ridge Center
So I don't have comb my hair lol RT ": Why? RT I need to get me a ponytail!"
What up Pegues! Man they don't know about that Playa Fly. Lol.RT : Nobody needs nobody...
Heading to Atlanta to see my children. Nothing Better!!!
do you think people would be willing to sit down to a reconciliation round table or something?
what part of SE you say you were from? cause I'm in Juneau now
ill miss you!! Thanks babaayyyyyyyyyy
Forget this $540 million. According to my e-mails, I've got a dead Nigerian relative AND a British Embassy sending me money!
Puzzles, games and reading all increase cognition. So grab that crossword puzzle or a book and start exercising your brain.
Everything in my life right now is what I prayed for.. a loving family, good health, an amazing Man, a good job, good friends and a house
Great end 2 a great season. Thanks 2 all the coaches, parents, and players who made it possible. Commonwealth Academy is blessed 2 have you.
Having cable again = watching "40 Greatest One Hit Wonders of the '90s" on VH1 and happily recalling B-Rock and the Bizz's "My Baby Daddy."
A Pessimist is what an Optimist calls a Realist
Y'all follow real cool chic wit good tweets
WOO!! RT IT'S ALMOST HAPPY HOUR!!
I am back
I'm a Gemini and now I understand him :)
sex is mother fucking exorcise!! Retweet and fave this if you agree..if not your gay as hell
Just being me: feminine and free, I threaten the established order.
I'm fine with people being pro-life but they should also be anti-war. At least be consistent.
all the same
Currently practicing Words With Friends diplomacy to mend #MIGS fences.
That's what we said! Adorable. RT think Tim Tebow and would make a nice couple. right?
Everyone follow me on Instagram since apparently I can press buttons to make a shitty picture look good x kailewanamaker
I need more followers, Somebody help me
Conclusion: I get along better with gay guys.
Preparing for a 20-hour road trip to Dallas with my dad. Oh dear.
Question of the day: Chocolate or Vanilla?
If #AustinTo700K gets trending, the first person to tell me would get a DM to Dave and a BIG SHOUTOUT, <3 We do this for :D
everything ok with u?!? Saw u were pulled as a precaution today.
And I think it's obvious to anyone how big of an influence the Beastie Boys were on me and so many others...
Just got stiches in
Somebody just earned himself a champagne toast :)
thanks for telling me your in Florida .......:(
the u.s. government should apologize to the Arbenz family!
Ahh I get to hear it now it's been a couple seconds and the song #SaySomethin already sounds great!!!((:
thnx for subscribing. you are likely the first in a long line of LA moms that will want to read about my deeply personal biz
Wow it was so worth skipping practice to meet the &thewantedmusic boys!
Some of you may think this sounds asinine but it's true. You can pretty much gauge the intelligence of a person by the way they use
Excuse me random twitter follower, but I do not want to see your russianxxxpics . ru . com . info
-you cold dude? -no bitch, I'm on vibrate mode.
Dear , You need to stop being so attractive. It's distracting me from studying. Oh and I love you. Love, Ali
Thanks for the RT!
found it eventually- thank you. U ok, hows things? X
Waiting for Alex's tutoring session to end, pondering Kzoo and futures and life.
I still have the batman and flintstones glasses; I wore the Hercules plates down to the BONE.
Time for the last Delta Omicron meeting of the year!
its mostly pretty heavy. i was listen to a lot of NIN at the time i wrote it. idk if a regular verse would fit.
agreed. thinking abt this in terms of transitioning & FY students + reaching out to HS libs, too.
kindle fire has flash!
time to suck todays d*ck
it was a ballot measure asking the student body if they supported having UPD enforce a 25ft no-smoking zone outside buildings.
Happy B'day Mozart!
What up Bossman!
Ritz murda dat beat! I feel like I'm at a giddha show everytime I hear that track.
Who knew a German restaurant in Hooksett would be so busy...
Good morning! How are you all? I made it JUST in time this morning for my #SUBWAY BOGO breakfast!
A home without quality educational books/DVDs/CDs is like a body with a Soul. True success avoids men/women that will not learn.
Very good. Have an excellent day and enjoy the show! ^LG
Hey #ICNY folks. I may have 1 or 2 tix for Book of Mormon (hottest show in Broadway) tonite, ~$150 each. DM me if interested
close but just too much going on. have a great time!!
Can't sleep.....at all
haha awesome!!!:D
Couldn't agree more Jeffrey! // MT Your success depends on two things: your rapport building skills and your #networking strategy.
Only go to KOD with what you are willing to spend.... Them strippers will break your ass! #note2self.... Had alot of fun though.
ah. the usual pricing. cool. thanks!
This one is just indescribable
Support blood cancer awareness
I love you, Mommy. I love you, Daddy. You're the best parents a girl could ask for.<3
me and are ohio state fans for the day eventhough the hoosiers are back and all. still can't believe theyre not ranked higher
A little sumthin for the road
Barbershop Quartet in the studio today. Harmonies Galore!
i'm watching on hulu!! I'm a huge music nerd so i'm biased but that thing was freaking cool
if you have no empathy, no imagination, no strength, all your actions speak to nothing but
You have tears?
Think we will defeat Obamacare tomorrow? Here's hoping!
Ah so jealous!!! Have fun is so cool :)
thanks for the mention. The entire team is excited to have Shauna joining.
The best #socialmedia updates you've seen as of late?
Can't wait till PLL comes back on so I can have PLL date days with lmao.
Molly - thanks for favoriting Goddesses of NOW - Durga and Akhilandeshwari! They're really coming up into consciousness now.
no problem sweetie;-)
It is an interesting feeling...needing to "do #1" but also needing to save it for a random drug test...IN AN HOUR! My Irish eyes are flo ...
silly - guess all of Portland now knows my silly, powder grin (;
Watched the Mt. Wash Resort ep. for the 1st time. That EVP was nothing short of amazing! Congrats on that capture!
Current Analysis #CTIA Roundup webinar - On the device side no major announcements were made.
Havin long thought i will see were it take me
Welcome new followers: , , , Like us on Facebook at Denver Pioneers.
Thinking of going to see a movie at the theatre tonight. What would you recommend seeing?
Funny. I just thought earlier today that if I go to Walgreens, etc. Mon morn, I figure I'll see the heart-shaped candy boxes! :-)
We are aiming to give people an income opportunity with a real service. This is not spam and this is no bot. It's a real way to make $$$.
Alabama solves eductaion shortages by requiring proof of parents citizenship. Thousands of students vanish, in fear
Paul heyman is back!!!!
$2,497 for full Invisible braces. Can't say the name, but you you what it is. Must make appt in December for January. www.zen-dentistry.com
THANK YOU FOR SUPPORTING LOCAL LAS VEGAS HIP-HOP ARTISTS: Thank you for spinning "BIGG FEV single KEEP IT 100" -- SOL•SKETCHES™
I know where you go to school, and I don't think you have many options there. Just sayin'.
How u doing this morning? :]
Only 24 more days of school! Hooray!
We love you guys & Congrats to you & Mac a special goalie! You made it awesome! :-) :-) <3
Chilling with a book and juat squandering the crap outta this beautiful day and kinda OK with that.
When boys were icky!
All the restaurants in the U-District are full, but I guess it is early for all those assholes to be in Fremont and Pioneer Square.
Twitter accounts on set through the voyeur cam: Cast & Crew
#FollowFriday today's shout out goes to and Thanks for following #medeco!
Filling out this job app
I gotta pee but this seat is way too comfortable to get up from
Paris- First class international
Going to Cleveland Indians Game this evening. They play seatle. Who should I root for?
Also, Kevin Johnson is in the house at #NSVFSummit. One of my favorite 90s NBA players. Worlds colliding.
I tend to agree pal!!
*golf clap*
Thank you for following. I enjoyed perusing your website and learning about your org. Please read direct message I sent.
Is about to use Twitter in earnest from now on, since you all NEED to know when I blow my nose, feed my dogs, and drink my white wine.
RT : My best friends will always come before a guy..
The latest ad by lends support to theory that she pulled the trigger on Sweetwater for political points.
smh RT : Bynum said message he got was not to take 3's if u r going to miss. "But I'm going to take some more."
the service is INSIDE the competence? why didn't you just say that!
Expensive-arse convention hotels. Guess I'll order one of these $23 hamburgers. Where's a McDonalds when a brotha truly needs one?
thanks so much!! we really appreciate that :)
Does that mean you qualify? #pleasedon'tkillme.
Planning for the next Portland Startup Weekend is in full swing! Follow now for news and updates.
On May 19th 5-9pm there is a fundraiser celebration with the League for People with Disabilities at the Visionary Arts Museum!
#HillerHelps - Pre-Nuptial Agreements can bring clarity and certainty to marital financial issues.
$100+ million from general fund for Convention Center looks a lot different today.
I just heard they free'd the west memphis 3!!!!
: i haven't watched it before but there's a marathon on so i'm getting caught up :)
finally finished some much needed watering, pruning, deadheading, potting, propagating...jeez I have a lot of potted plants
Never doubt that a small, group of thoughtful, committed citizens can change the world. Indeed, it is the only thing that ever has. –
yesterday i saw THE KARATE KID !!!!!!!! it was so awsome. at the end never say never by justin bieber ft. jayden smith was on
gonna take a while, though.
good call!
someone else found my blog by searching "cool obscure mucis clips." Wish it was "mucous clips"
Life is like a monkey it throws shit at you
that we might be justified by the faith in Christ, and not by the works of the law: for by the works of the law shall no flesh be justified.
Absolutely Fab #WBENC event today! Always amazing to see you - our network is incredible!!
music is my life
I can't believe people are dwelling on that shot/miss. There are quite literally ten other things that caused this loss.
"Until you make peace with who you are, you'll never be content with what you have." -Doris Mortman-
Congratulations!!!!! It is an amazing journey!
Decided that I'm going to be Ken from Barbie tomorrow, Universal made a Barbie movie and he was in it so technically I win
Anne Toth, Google : "set user expectations through your product interactions, not just through your privacy policy"
I don't I will ever sink that far. My binges are usually granola, smoothies, or broccoli.
someones been busy this evening!
Im goin 2 b doing vital signs ALL DAY in dis Psychiatric Department.. Smh how boring....
"stick with that cookie & it's gonna crumble"
If I took you home it'd be a homerun.
RT : only the best shoes ever. Ugly but they work. O feet/back pain. 3 Yes wearing Same pair! HTTP://zcoil.com
if another brawl starts up in Detroit, at least there's no crowd for it to spill into..
just finished 's CD... i wanna make another one since this is how i keep busy since i haven't felt good today... anyone??
Home sweet home! But look for me this wk in AL, TN, SC and GA fellas. I'm heating up the South.
We enjoyed our time there as well and will most certainly have to take the trip back for more Turkey sliders!
bout time
One hour ten min.
What time is it their
Here's to the middle of the week :) "Perseverance is not a long race; it is many short races, one after another." - Walter Elliot
My voice sounds hilarious yet sounds fine even tho we went to the same concert
I love Flat Stanley! Such a cute idea.
on a scale of 1 to 10 how much do you think you fans support you... & will u follow me #askryan !
Shout-out to for doing live-feed promo in front of biodiesel Jetta at
When all of your e-mails have red exclamation points, I am going to deem all of your e-mails as unimportant.
Wonderful time with !!! Never a boring moment with that one.
Happy #Thanksgiving!
Chris Mullin on providing NBA insight. Nothing like a high and tight fade haircut to brighten my lunch break.
I want to die on the toilet. That way no one will have to clean up the shit in my pants that inevitably happens when you die.
just sitting here like a loser.. Haha hbu?
Thanks : terrific workshop! We're skilled teen social networkers but we're excited to share your citys ideas with MKE govt!
OB town council meeting tonight..if we can get in the building!
Damn I feel like I got hit by the jager truck last night.... O well....lol
"Superficial Glitter" is my new band name.
my grandparents had one. His name was creepy, but I kinda liked him. he was misunderstood.
That's sales for you....you have to accept the good with the bad days
please follow me :) Piper!!! cause i think ur soo Cool :) i would smile for a week if U do :) BTW~i like to smile alot :)
I'm just a aaaannnootyying little fuckin fagggggooot right !
Unless you change how you are you will always have what you got. JimRohn
We have CHOICES...dive UNDER the boat and FIX the rudder, OR, STAY LOST AT SEA...
My BF would KILL dude
I wanna Dude thats with me for me , Aleecia ... (:
I'm excited! I saw it's coming to Milwaukee in September now.
Remember that everyone you meet is afraid of something, loves something, and has lost something.
hope you have a good day too :P haahaha
- i hate it when im on the train & EVERYONE stares at me -_-
#Criticalmass in #Cleveland Ohio USA stands in solidarity with you and hopes that justice is served.
Who plans to see Marco Benevento at the Redamte Coffee House tomorrow at 8 p.m.?
I'm so freaking bored.. Art class is fun but the teacher is not.
straight to the shower for a hour where i take my break....Boosie.
#BettyLuke ! is undoubtedly the best part of my wednesdays.
Called ATT support and when I gave my name, rep responded "wow you speak english well!"
Most of the time we don't get what we want
Omg been looking for gram keys since 11:30 wth did she put them
The rising freshmen expo was awesome! Soo fun & met some of my old teachers! So going to the clusters & supporting them tomorrow.
You know it! Here to help. THANK YOU for all you do.
I just spit water out all over my desk while reading your last post. Brilliant!
is he watching the mammoth story?
#DontDoubleMyRate on MD taxes if you want Marylanders to be able to compete in the new ecoonomy, governor.
"And as the hours go flashing by, i'm winding down the windows..."
next year, man. People will be aboard the Lebron Express when they roll to a title. Just not now. It's too soon.
Tigers drop the series to the worst team in baseball. Reaction? 248-848-1130.
Fryman hike w/ & the show stopper Lola.
Sometimes "Send All Changes to Shared Directory" doesn't work and you have to "Check In Everything" to update the shared file.
Thanks so much. It means a lot to know that we're helping folks!
No, they're from the previous users' web history. There aren't any bookmarks, so it's not pulling from those.
Why does #MMA seem so much like organized cock fighting? I like it enough that I'll watch it once in a great while but I'd rather watch
Bottle, not gym. ": #ReTweetThisIf you’re hitting the gym HARD this weekend!"
Chances are you don't want my G8 then. Snow tires are great, but AWD would be better...
Have you stopped by the Honey Child Pop Up Store yet!!! Awesome skincare line....Heard that they are having a really cool event this Friday
"Yeah, Steve, I'm gonna turn down Twitter and listen for my answer."
#30rocklive was pretty awesome especially the subliminal messaging. Can't wait to watch the east coast version.
Again, it depends on where they are! They base a large chunk of their pricing on gas money/traveling expenses!
Done. And instead of tweeting from shows, we'll write our thoughts on 4x6 cardstock and hand them out.
good. Keep ur head up. Remember rain before rainbows but the rainbows are worth it :-)
Al Final Rayados !!!
The Barrick is listed on the guide to Las Vegas, come and check us out for yourself. ow.ly/7w6rZ
Looking for t-shirt vendors in Chicago. Any recommendations? (around 350 t-shirts - front and back imprint)
well your good looking but are a good dude so give him a follow people!!
All this studying makes me feel a little sick.
If the art is in the details , .trust Skintastic.com for body and face sculpting that makes a natural difference
So i just watch new music video "Safe and Sound" for The Hunger Games,Oh my goodness it was AMAZING Taylor ILY ur so beautful
I'm digging the Keith Harring Google doodle this morning
no problem:)
We need your help to get more follwers! Spread ze word <3
Watching the proceeds of #greek austerity...so much violence
#ihategamecocks and I will always hate them
Jesus... I guess my mind couldn't even begin to fathom that.
:) RT : Its a NEW day. Inhale the positive, exhale the negative
You are welcome! Thanks for making the time :)
Holy shit! It's beautiful in Seattle.
Nigga be at a party on his phone the whole time drunk refreshing his ex timeline...just hoping she subtweet him but nope
I need the weekend in the worst way.
i'm following the next 50 selenators that follows hurry <3 :)
Sometimes I just wanna be single
Tonights game proved the real die hards. I hate bandwagon fans. We don't have room for you. Your application's declined. Bye!
I don't care what anyone says but Adele is the shit. Her music is pretty good but her voice is sex.
thank you for the RT Barbra, hope you enjoyed the Elvis pics as much as I did.
lol take me with you! I love the black eyes peas! :)
agreed but you know Dolan is about to over pay Lin & expect him to start because of the revenue he brings in.
I second that emotion
You are suppose to steer the steering wheel not sit so close that it looks like a rape. Steering wheel not fucking wheel.
<-- Shoutout-- follow this dude! He follows back.
Just realized that I never finished Sherry Krell's photos...and I thought I had. Eep! See me getting busy!
hi Diana!! Great idea about the ceiling :)
Shoot. If I don't get lunch now, I may not eat until dinner.
Londoner of the Day: Sleep Artist Lee Hadwin
Thanks so much for the RTs!
that's not a yolo moment you freak
is working on an awesome new show 8 Count...I hope I get the chance to come in for the host!
And the late nights and early mornings officially begin #finals -_-
for lunch? ;) nice
hungthefuckover dot com
oh dentist!? This late?
Thank you to our newest followers!
what u buy at sex store lol
I share this not to brag but to encourage you to hone your manifestation skills. Done with diligence, it works.
haha, probably so, but the European aristocracy wasn't doing manual labor. :)
how long u been a Steelers fan?
We r thrilled 2 add "Everybody" by 2 our music selection as we go for r 3rd Country Dance World Championship this Jan. Check it out
Can't wait to see all of our friends in Copperas Cove, TX this weekend! We have already been praying for it.
glee helped me remember my dream! being actress is my focus and I am going to keep pushing until I do! Thank you!
When you try to write a tweet and theres not enough space so you delete some words and then it doesnt sound right so you dont post it <<<
But on the bright side, its FRIDAY tomorrow :DD
On dinner break down to 13.k 200 400 50 running like death!
“: Pat Sattler has replaced Dale Forstner as the varsity basketball coach at Stockbridge.”
...that's someone I'd love to capture. Maybe 1 day.
Min button with 13bbs and AKo in million, BB shoves Q10o on me and wins. 302nd for peanuts after a 5th in $215 HORSE.
hey a question how old r u
first run over 4 miles, suprisingly not that bad
I don't think secondary #students are as digitally-savvy as we think. My seniors today had never used #hypertexts before!
Have you been under any stress lately? That could cause it. :(
I doubt I could keep up after all of today's biking but if u do something after I'm there!
yeah im like half way done with that shit,
Today the special lunch with my grandfathers. Really cool. Soon my aunt arrives with gifts of travel. So excited!
At least they are spelling it correctly...
only thing that Hyundai commercial needed was James Cannup.
let's go back to the woods...
There are more mobile phones in #Ireland than there are people.
“Life is not measured by the number of breaths we take, but by the moments that take our breath away”
You might not know this, but I do my own damage to Babra's "People" while karaoking, but that Peddlers version is wild.
We're All Just Kids, Who Grew Up Way Too Fast .
girl ima have just as much in loans!! Freaks Me out!
So the guy in the car in front of us just stuck a picture of Jesus out the car window while stopped at a red light.
Keep an eye on our website, www.savescreenonthegreen.com, or on Twitter at for the latest #SOTG2011 weather news!
Reading my boyfriend's decade-plus-old, heavily annotated, undergrad copy of Leo Bersani's *Homos*.
hahaha! Yes we did! Thank you!
I can't sleep so I'm counting tweets instead of sheep...hoping for
Got that new 2012 grind. #Streetlit #ebooks on the rise. Like that young cat Future say. ASTRONAUT STATUS.
we have openings TODAY! come see the amazing artists
This will also prohibit outside sources from soliciting stories and paying jurors immediately after a trial
while I agree w/ your position, I'm not sure that is an argument you can make with Romney as his running mate!! ;-)
man oh man! I don't get how ppl are turning into zombies w/ out being bit tho.
Can't wait to co-op our wedding experience next year!
Getting new music and going on tumblr=successful night
DYK? Brigadier General Hazel J. Brown,1st African American woman general in the U.S. Army was a member of DST ..
Zanna, Don't Miss out! next show is this Friday!
Waiting for to get off the dang plane already.
GOAL! Connor Moore scores 5-hole on the breakaway to give Delaware a 5-1 lead. 2 mins left
Worked all day cooked n clean...time to lay my body down... #so to the ppl who does this daily!!
lbr, we all know that is NEVER going to happen. You'll see her cough in her hood or scratch her head & give in.
Damn its been a while since I've been on, srry guys, i have a fb now and yeah
I know, but you're still taken!! It's wrong and rude of me! :/
I'm mad at you
Any wedding planners out there! I need some good phrases for the invitation cards for a friend of mine!
A big thank you to all of the volunteers! RT : Thanks for a great day-good to see so many colleagues!
Did you know that until the 18th century, most French loaves were round?
Bingo date! And John is splurging on an Elvis stamper for me!
Creating a list of open access resources. I found an excellent article about some potential things, but does anyone have recommendations?
''Natural is perfect''
yes you can, no I haven't
Spring, you have let me down. I stood up for you! I thought you were Summer's buddy, but instead you cuddle up with Winter like this?
Omg. Emma Stone is in the new Spiderman! Just became my favorite summer movie.
Kerry, a graceful nonentity
Not to mention we've only had the couch for 2 months and there are already problems...
"Give me the Nazi Goatherd." - Brett Myers to his barber
Veneers all the way.
Obama Biden yard sign ordered. Should be interesting with all Repug neighbors. I'm up for the challenge!
Why are tablet APPs becoming more complicated? Thinking about the "essence" of an APP? How to grow OUT rather than cram more TYPE in.
she's amazing xD
@ the first official #smcmke meeting!
But first, I'm rewarding myself by watching Once Upon a Time! So there ;-)!
I liked that way too much..
Happy Record Store Day! Go support and buy some real life records (not from Urban Outfitters for once)!
i need the cheat code too. I'm gonna be some skin bleachers
you're welcome!
Damn, we really fu%$#d up the BOBCATZZZZ. Meow! U-G-L-Y, they don't got no players that cry! (we don't get that #2 seed, we'll cry again)
After reading the New Yorker piece... Question?
Timothy Rysdyke's bday circus @ moe bar tonite! He's wearing his onsie so bring your ass down and dance, dance till your dead. 9pm!
Hi I' in 8th grade with braces & million pimples! Good Lord, my stress needs to go away Guess it doesn't help I put hot pink colors on today
No joke our next destination is HAWAII for a year.. Great perks to having a hubby whose job moves us all around .. Feeling so blessed 8-)
the fresh new look this week I Need it no Moe red hair 4 a min...summer time..
dont matter if u lose by 1 or 100 a loss is a loss n viceversa.
In hindsight, I understand why ESPN didnt report on Seau sooner. As a fan, I wanted to hear more, but there's no other channel (NBCSN)
If I follow u follow back I always follow and support
So, the key is to capture those imaginations, throw them on the paper or the canvas, and see what becomes of them.
yay you're tweeting again! Your Selenators missed you <U+2665>
Me too. I hate all soda.
Attune RTD Executes Exclusive Sales Agreement with Desert Electric Supply For ... - MarketWatch (press release)
Just sent the cutest text EVER, and I still get the short end of the stick
Happy bday to , stand up guy, and an amazing athlete! Very proud to be on ur #TEAM! Have a great day bro!
I want a Clint Eastwood car.
Hello California Yoga Lovers!!!
.: What key learning points do you have for a class session? Make arrival at each of those points a clicker event. [Smart.]
Again! Drinking beer someone join
anyone looking for Promo Shoots!? Or Logos/Designs! hit me up! :)
ON GREEN EGGS AND HAM IMA NINJA IMA BOMB NIJA AT THAT.! DONT PLAY.!:d I BLEED EPIC & PISS AWESOME.!#TRUE;D
Doing great. Working in the wee hours of the morning. Its when I'm the most productive :)
Remember if a girl asks a guy for lobster while on a date it is ok for a guy to let her know Lobster is a 3 finger in the buthole minimum
Wonder what I got on my test, I feel a lil confident
Happy MLK Day! Swing by today. Spend $10 get $5 off at the Greenwood and Northside locations.
My work computer just died on me!
Time to Photoshop my life. Touch up the edges, adjust the tones. Blur out the background, focus on me and crop people out.
Nerad says we must, "move beyond blame" and roll up our sleeves and do the work. Looks at institutionalized racism and how we must face it.
I love reading Bukowski poems.
RT : I realize I don't believe anything I read in the media anymore. Except you guys. I believe everything you say.
Looking forward to our 10am meeting with Dickerson Hearth in Raleigh this morning. Great looks for your fireplaces and outdoor kicthens!
Jus gotta keep telling myself ill be okay. isnt that what im supposed to do ?
WE DON'T SLEEP ROUND HERE, WE TAKE CAT NAPS #KILLUMALL #FLAT OUT
Obviously we neither no how to read nor comprehend what we're reading
Pretty much sums it up! RT : Avoid the Ross Island heading west at all costs. Bonkers traffic.
Put my cap on for my monny and she about cried :) 2 weeks til graduation!
How well do you manage your time?
So nice out here today. I'd much rather be out foraging with
OMG yes okay we will make this work. yes.
I was just about to look this up... Thanks for sharing!
I had 1 mixed drink and I'm a lil tipsy
Del Negro wanted a walking violation but somehow overlooked the near assault and battery 3 PFs before the whistle.
Game time
What's the most important thing for today? Identify it and line up your day with it.
Finding places to submit is so much work! For CNF tho, try The Rumpus and Pank along with Brevity.
haha best app ever glad it brought a <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A> to your face!
OMG, I was thinking the same thing a few hours ago! Must just be something with being at the State Fairgrounds. :D
Watching go on a tweet bonanza is great!!! She is one hell of a twatter I tell ya.
Adios twitter....Adios Towhid...Adios Alicia.....glad to meet u.......c ya al later....over n out...
TMI! Or you mean, like, inside a book?
#arts Hum a tune or doodle a masterpiece - it's Arts Advocacy Day
Every day, in every way, I am getting better and better.
Cleveland Cavaliers start Monday!
Think about a legendary manager in your company <U+FFFD> you may be one, O revered one, or you may know one.
Roasting marshmallows #yum :D
Join us & at the Barbers 51st/Sandy this morn until 10am as they broadcast live and raise $ & peanut butter
I bet its not as fun..
Tall cans and iPhones.
“: I am creating FL with %ages. Easier conversion to KF8 when you are ready.” Smart.
RIght when things were getting good, my life takes an unexpected turn.
Not going to force a thing
you're damn right it is :)
Brand New Music From Jason Aldean in the New Music Spotlight! Hear it at 8pm!
I stand by my conviction that Houston are Stoke.
Congratulations to Ian Emmons Silicon Valley Bicycle Coalition's "Commuter of the Year".
Loehr uses storytelling masterfully. Like the "Sunshine story".
lol okay thanks, now all I have to do is find the channel tomorrow and I'll be good to go
it's psychological and well-done. I'd also suggest watching it on DVD so you can see the alternate endings & what could've been.
Pondering where to go for dinner
It was nice meeting you earlier! (I'm the California librarian with the iced coffee.)
I said aah I feel ya
Omfg, I'm sorry! wrong person, you both had the same icon, my mistake. :P
Pres. Obama's 2nd stop on his re-election campaign next week will be Richmond, VA at VA Commonwealth University. First Lady will join him.
So true...and we also write songs to express our feelings and ultimately reach a place of healing.
You're welcome for the follow. We're all about saving birds as well! :-)
... Question ... Are you wearing heels and nothing else ? ... Just wanted to clarify the visual ... :) ...
sometimes DNS is the best decision. My one and only was the right call
The JuJu's will be releasing their first single - stay tuned you are in for a treat!
RAINBOW FOAM!!!
OMG that's right it IS your birthday! Have a gr8 new birthday year Paul!!
everything's cooler in slow motion
Happy NY Steven! I saw Aerosmith instead of my Jr Prom (I was the Babe no one asked!) w my BFF-u were Awesome & still R-Congrats
Hi! how is your university? and how is your parents?
Home- made chocolate chip cookies :-) .. Lets bake!
Today has really been a great day...really love spending time with those who love me
from an advertising perspective wouldnt that dilute the cocacola brand if everything is a "coke" in the south?
April 29th is Blue Sunday. Hear founder, Janet Magee, tell the story of how it all started. Listen here:...
Going to be an interesting night
Botnet goes on Mac attack: week in review Trojan strikes Mac users, while Facebook strikes back at Yahoo with a patent suit of its ow...
Our choir represented the Hill with an energetic concert at Castleton Square Mall yesterday and then did another show that evening!
Holy Crap! Our entire building just shook for like 10 seconds....We're going back to Cali... to Cali.....
Agree wholeheartedly! Good luck :) RT : they're lucky to get you! congrats!
yes, I think that as do-gooders , we deserve a treat! :)
Very glad to see Farmer's Market moving back to the Heart of Cary. All is well...again.
I still ain't even left wrk.. Ima hit y'all when I'm close to see if y'all there
Nothing better than a little time with my best friend
Hey! I'm like with my 999 followers!
#NYSSMA is in two weeks! I'm so excited :D I'm going to rock my solo <3 ~on my own - by: les miserables :')
my mom will totally freak out once she finds out i'm dating a Mormon ;o
het getting ignored when your sisters prom is in 3 weeks
What`s the deal with Balloonists in Albuquerque flying so low over peoples houses? Feels like they`re peepin in on my sex life.
Major foot cramps during last night's #ballet class have left my feet sore today! My remedy is to wear high platforms all day :-)
Going to go get pizza now
in the studio, mixing some cool music with Pablo Moser, Yago Vazquez and Zack O'Farrill.
Think the new Silversun Pickups album, Neck of the Woods, is my favorite release from them to date
Yes is playing NYC in May!
Wish I could be at the event tonight. Hope the group has a good evening of networking and basketball.
Rockin Gap the new #Gorillaz at LC today. Be here from 2-4. Come say hi.
What does DH look like when you take away Twitter? (Is that a foolish question?)
If you're not listening, now's the time! About to play 3 Grandmas watching Kardashian/Ray J porn clip...it's hilarious!
How about a scoop of Wheatgrass, Pear, & Vinho Verde Sorbet?
I thought Para2 was very underrated. Looking forward to 3.
ADV ENG I: When reading Wuthering Heights try to construct family trees for the Earnshaws and Lintons.
Dude, needs to check her phone, NAO.
$1 sludge bars tonight until we close, or run out!
no problem George will always be my favorite Beatle
lmao okay im coming !
Perfect for the Kentucky Derby today as well!
There's a stray chicken in my sister's yard. Anyone missing one? She's lives off 220th in Edmonds.
Sounds great John! We're looking forward to seeing everyone at the conference too. Join us at 2:45PM in South 40 on Monday.
Chalmers just missed the dunk, wasnt blocked or anything. Chalmers is an idiot.
Excited For New Jonas Album 8
at least you hope it appears in 30 days when you sign that paper. :-)
Use #kogodwomen to connect at the conf! RT : Getting excited for tomorrow's Women in Business conference!
For every soldier killed in battle, twenty five kill themselves. Who's the only anti-war candidate again?
RT : Just can't live that negative way...make way for the positive day. Huya!
RT : 6 years ago today the first tweet was sent. The second tweet made a snarky remark about the 1st. 3rd tweet corrected...
I wish y'all could hear me whistle
Haha #Daytona500 using softball QuickDry spread to make their surface playable (raceable)! Who knew racing had a grounds crew?
Think critically. But don't criticize. Offer your improvements instead of your dislikes.
I seem to have an unfortunate immunity to phone and bud.ge alarms; my response is usually YOU CAN'T TELL ME WHAT TO DO
Lmao, what? Your lack of intelligence is making me laugh. Tell me more, bro.
I really cant fall asleep -_-
wish I could be there
I feel like an old man. I keep bringing up that "X is a three-legged stool" metaphor.
Oh no look what you've done, left me a victim of a hit and run
Freed Motion
Watching my old friend kill Sabotage on RNRHF inductions. You did it proud buddy. Xo
Nap time!!
Evolutionary change may be better for users than revolutionary.
See you soon...your room in the basement is all ready lol
#Mifflin2012 street still open but MPD had to work at it
we finally agree on something. haha
Alrighty, here I go. #WritingSprint. Who's with me??? #kickingsomeass :-)
tough job. So many highs and lows
You got nothing??? That is so sad!
Ah, back to our fav snl episode. "I feel gret" <-- yes gret
That Volkswagen star wars commercial was better than Episode One.
In life, there are some people you are going to have to lose in order to find yourself...
I'm so sorry baby :'( Im an asshole. I wasn't thinking. I love you so much. And I'm terrified of losing you. #I'mSoSorry #:'(
RT I leave all I am in the hands of history
I believe in chances, but when I've gave you multiple you can go suck an egg.
We love you both SO much!! Don't ever forget that. Clare ...that tour that you are talking about looks amazing!
#MUWBB signs autographs for the fans following their win over Seton Hall tonight!
De Mortuis Nil Nisi Bonum => Of the dead say nothing but good
That's crazy!
yea bae i do
A4: Embrace the social nature of the museum visit and facilitate more social interaction between all people. Conversation!
“: I'm pretty sure you need to send the video of you singing it too.” SEE TOLD YOU DOM!
WOOT! We just reached 500 Followers! If you are a parent with anxious kids, please check it out. Counselors trust our award winning program.
Oh please
#69withCody we don't really talk, but we should! you seem nice & i like your tweets.
Hope y'all have been paying attention to Klay Thompson lately. The rookie's going to be an elite scorer in the NBA.
only in 4th period -.-t , well today feels like a good day anyway c;
I don't want to blow any minds rights now but I'm going to THE SUPERMALL
Just got through Cooking bout to wash dishes and chill with the other half
its all Lucroy's fault according to Wolf
Having a bibliographical emergency. How on earth am I supposed to stay in my office & work, when I need to go collate this book RIGHT NOW?
Visit the Balloon Museum Wed., Spring Break Family Day 10-3. Tip - come before 10 am during Stories in the Sky and admission is free!
well, even my little eighth grade dudes think gay jokes are passé.
All it needs is some seastacks a few hundred feet off the coast. I'm lucky to have lived near both!
Thanks for becoming a member of the "Avsec Nation" on Twitter! Appreciate the bio editing advice. Will get right on it!
My wife Sue Ann and I would like to wish you a Happy Valentine’s Day! -TGT
So I can get ready for this all white party
Cannot find "That's Cat" episodes or theme song anywhere. Help!
feel better soon!
Someone is gonna pay alot for this little flash...-- you kidding? #7 was one of the only bright spots on the eagles today..
come to my house right now I'n my front yard. We gonna see if y'all can kick my ass, let's go
why thank you :D
Some of u really sound like babies on twitter. If you wanna whine and complain about your personal problems, put it in ur diary.
Let's hear it for a good education! RT : Fun fact: In order to b Dallas Cowboys cheerleader have to graduate HS or have a GED
Happiness keeps u sweet. Sorrow keeos u human. Life keeps u humble. Success keeps u glowing. But only god keeps u going:)
ALICE STEWART if you think MITT ROMNEY is good at fixing the ECONOMY then it is TIME for you to read ROBERT REICH article in the DAILEY KOS
just watched Abraham Lincoln vs. Zombies good movie funny shit...
What are odds on a Messi hattrick at the Bridge tonight?
about to learn D7 import goodness with at
I really regret not going to my graduation and walking, apparently commencement speeches are the bees knees.
they don't play on paper; they played in the NLCS.
RT : I always knew I wanted to be an artist and life will always have obstacles but we ourselves are our biggest obstacle. -ZS
Hey there
I'm not shy, I just don't trust you
Survival Tip #14: Sometimes the hardest type of surviving is surviving the 9 to 5
#2wordsasianpeoplefear Short Penis!
I see your a follower of "The Secret" Has it helped you in life ?
Is the out channel on io digital cable? And is there gonba be a website to watch episodes online?
I follow you BECAUSE of your political tweets !!! lol
I have his catch phase ready to go: The Giant on the Diamond
do you want picked up now?
lmao , I can't
Like a. Meatball nice
If people are supposed to learn from their mistakes why do so many people have multiple children?
": Marathon complete. Not great but 4:29 not awful" nice 4:29 would be my 5 mile time
Heading over to Spider House. We play at ten and all of the cool kids are going to be there.
thanks for following!
All my mentions are coming late unless i refresh w.e
should go to Myrtle Beach, South Carolina
hey! i cant answer ur message if u r not following me haha ;)
Oh yeah. Woops. Connected w/ them last summer. Did a few short album reviews a few months back.
Vegas next weekend!? It's coming so fast!...and I'll have go be all alone in the new big house..
I'm sure you've got a heavy TBR but if you can squeeze in Gillespie & I, you will not regret. zomg. *so* good.
2.Im Single
Don't confide in anybody.
Indeed. Expensive, completely inferior phones are awesome.
Not just you, The Broncos are irrelevant without "Timothy"...
I'm hungry.
What's the most important thing on your bucket list?
"Soft kitty, warm kitty, little ball of fur. Happy kitty, sleepy kitty, Purr, Purr, Purr!!"
The best healer is good cheer.
I need food, water, and sex. Got two of the three, now who's going to help with the last one.
I think the point is not to take so literal but to say TV recommendations will be influenced by friends/social circles
I can really relate to this, you're my guy Pat, just remember you're the shit and everyone knows it
I see where you guys are coming from but..they're trying to save your life. It takes one time for that car to be yours
thanks. We'll check it out.
I'm done.
what're u watching?
wishing all my fellow queenslanders an end to the flooding. stay safe
um rocsi i think my hurt ankel hurt and wow out wednesday love it awesome out there
Hi Bobbi how u been? ur pick up lines R hilarious, haven't tried 1 out yet but will let u know.When will u b back 2 San Diego>
Principal of a local elem. school 2 parents last night said they will not tolerate fat kids at the school. Am I the only 1 offended by this?
$62 for our Sky & Sea Facial!
Well, that's still good! I'll be readathoning too. :)
I wish my parents had gotten me involved in 4-H with my horses.
Liverpool job is what folks remember :/
#thatmoment when you're so sick that you have goosebumps the whole shower, even though the water is scalding hot
What should I eat for lunch hm
Back in the studio bottle on deck ready to make magic how yall progressing on them tracks
right now its tiring because im reordering half of them, sucks
This ol team hoppin ass nigguh
what a beautiful day here in Ocean City. NJ. Have a great day everbody.
I just finished watching #TheLuckyOne so romantic! I cried
So tired and bored. I wish I could have stood home again.
RT : Please help me out with some snow reports! 1) How much snow 2) Where your live
"Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to pause and reflect." - Mark Twain RT
You're welcome. Enjoy the #artichoke!
I want to see on #TheVoice! He would be amazing!
Glad the heat lamps helped!
It's just a glitch with the update.
so was against it before he was for it? He's hanging out with John Kerry too much...
sleeping is not happening tonight...baby come rock me to sleep.
yooooo B! Follow me back
I've already got Janácek's Sinfonietta playing. Think I've mentioned to you before that it's a favorite.
Was in DC last week w/my partner, met 2 really nice boys near Dupont Circle; too bad we couldn't hook up though.
Has baby limes on my lime tree - how cool is that?! And yes, growing them inside in Ohio. :)
A metaphor for the Senate today? Billionaire Democratic U.S. Senate candidate Jeff Greene fined $1.8MM when145 ft yacht damages coral reef
I'm gonna come check y'all out tonight. Cya soon!
Good morning peeps
Rough start to the morning. Need encouragement to go to the gym tonight. Any takers?
when madison tweets with a '<3'. I fangirl too much.
RT : Way too early to celebrate, but damn its good to see! #88 leading
Who seen Wrath of the Titans?
Gonna party like its 1773!
thanks for the hookup! needs creative technical ideas like this. How did DMPED like your energy proposal?
what up bro
Yes let me know when you're here!! :)
Opening night of Flag Football! Who's going to pull out the wins tonight?!?
stop ignoring my request for bloody marys after cardio & core. it's a legitimate question.... :-)
Coffee!!! (Morning twitter)
“: Grammar. The difference between knowing your shit and knowing you're shit.”
I am so mad. Omfg.
Best practice: seek opinions and involve people for healthy respect that goes both ways, says at
Nothing to do on a friday night.
My advice to you? Just do what you want, when you want and how you want. Then I promise you, you'd be happier!
Yes another late one! Napping after school so I can be ready! Go Bucks! Go Bearcats!
and I in automotive section of #walmart = disaster.
but if there ISN'T room for me in it why is the other guy wrong?
I'm ready for summer
ahah it actually sucks right now, I messed up the glitter but thanks anyway! Did u use a whole piece of posterboard?
Only thing that can slow down the recruiting efforts and momentum of SHOCKER NATION is mother nature
Did NBC Sports really just miss the opening face off? Terrible...
Plotkin: passion for creating public domain learning materials
wow, I'm awake. I hear the pain train leaving the station!
I'm not, but the lineup looks great! I'd love to go. I'll let you know if my plans change. Join us at for lunch if you can!
k ill dm him for u
You need a job come work for me ;)
thanks for the follow. if you are ever in nyc, hit me up
Oh man just reminded me that Tevin Campbell existed.
Island innovators help Hawaii travel go green - San Francisco Chronicle
I got a whole lot of new movies and music get at me for the info....
Yep, I called this a YEAR AGO: President Obama rallying the base via support of same-sex marriage during his campaign.
Today is my #someday will follow me? #neversaynever right? 21
Dig the new avatar. Your work?
Getting yelled at while working is always a good night at work
What up big Cuhz?
Keep dreaming, kiddo. Never even heard of this guy until just now.
Important to get a power of attorney filled out by partners.
Booh, can't get it to load
it's got nudity so that's a good start.
Thank you everyone who came out to the most amazing Crafty Rock Show yesterday!! We heart you all!!!
u was on da west side but u had to go a Lil further to c da geekas an mayb a nigga get popped Maple semple Arlington cabanne
thanks for the feature!
watching D Will drop 50 ... bringing back memories of high school.
The best thing about a picture is that it never changes even if the people in it do. -Andy Warhol
MY FEET ARE COLD.
Probably ought to reassess at the moment you think it's a good idea to put any bacon in your butt.
This bitch pissed me off then seen a spider n want me 2 kill it
All bark and no bite
“Real estate and hotel revenues were up by 12% to P3.36 billion against last year's ... But its air transportation subsidiary Cebu Ai...
One thing I will NEVER EVER SAY is "Can It Get Any Worse?" That's when the worse happens.
I love you.
Must be happening in "waves" LOL
Full of #BBQ. Fighting off the #Itis. Me & w/ DJ Buck Wilders 2NITE @ Poplar Lounge
You can eat gluten-free, organic food without telling everyone at the table.
Not really a problem, I'm just complaining ;) It was on the Rufus Wainwright & More mix by Radioza
Love how your piece applies so well to parents working w/ schools & teachers on Special Education issues
A mother's love is so miraculous & unconditional, it reaches beyond time & space.
The best feeling comes when you realize you’re perfectly happy without the people you thought you needed the most.
S/o to for putting me on that Cinemagram tip. Rowdy app
you know the heaux business is fashow business! Lmaoo
Hey interested in Seal Mom story. Maybe for Memorial Day.
well I'm on my phone so I can't see it, what is it? (:
my streak of ZERO support tickets for three weeks ends today. thanks john wayne.
was good bro.. let us film you some music videos
Q: "What is libel?" A: "When you are held libel for something you knowingly disobeyed and lied."
Self: You need not raise expectations every time things seeming to be going well. Contentedness has its time and place. Namely now and here.
In #Reno, NV get exclusive #mobile coupons from Mirage Day Spa by #texting MIRAGEDAYSPA to 90210, the #1 short code in use today!
Working with teachers this morning to plan some 1:1 learning experiences for ms math students. Great way to start the week!
neet! will check it out.
The Melody Goes On: The Evolution of the Melody Maker - Gibson
Looking forward to celebrating the 20th anniversary of the Theta Upsilon chapter - Alpha Phi Omega tomorrow. Service project & formal. Rock!
did bria just say last night all your girls are ugly? Half the girls i smashed wouldn't take a glimpse at you.
#FF Time! Check out these #builders:
You had to kill him. The boy cries you a sweater of tears... And you kill him.
that's a conundrum! What are your priorities?
Too stiff of a penalty for OSU. Fuck NCAA
Haha!! Lol thank you!! :-) RT : I love seeing my girl n commons video!!!! Like a proud sister! Lol!!!
Passed my permit testt
Well, at least you can be seen to have tried to address the issue. More than many do ...
#Blessed to see another day, thanking GOD for it!
#thatcamp #lac nearly finished for the day. The bus to leaves at 5:45 from the parking lot. Beer tasting & dinner!
"I never take my eyes off #Twiiter,"
Ginnifer Goodwin on the show "once upon a time" is a much better snow white.
Sometimes cramps feel like a horse trampling over your belly. This is one of those days. (>_<)
I agree. is a strange and wonderful person. :)
Wishes candy corn had nutritional value
This season, the Knighthawks are 4-0 at home when Joe Walters is in the lineup. I'm not sayin'...I'm just sayin'.
I'd bet your doctor still does >> : who faxes? I use online fax machines.
Choose 10 right wing gay bashers. Then bet win, place and show on the first to be outted. Great sport.
He's on a roll, right?
Some teens take pictures at bathroom mirror fashioning a duckface And then there is Liam who takes picture at the bathroom with.. toothbrush
so jealous. Though, once I put a fake chicken nose on Sterling Cooper's face.
"An organization's purpose and goals set the direction. Measures focus the energy on the outcomes. Processes create habits, and habits...
hell yes
Why when yo Ex see you with somebody they say "I Hope she treating you Right!" ..long as its better than you, it dont matter!
“: #MentionTo someone who needs to stop worshipping like he's some kind of God.”
It was just at the festival, but next time I see you maybe I can have him burn a copy :)
Suggestions in the box at work are being voted on Mon. I'm confident mine: Medicinal Marijuana Dispensery on site will be puff, puff Passed!
I hope it's the good kind of "stuck"!
Porter Square: BRAND NEW NEVER BEEN SEEN!!! Amaretto Sour frozen yogurt.. I know right?! How do we come up with these delicious concoctions.
U have a sick mind and need to seek mental help... lol (AND SO DO I!!!)
me too bring me somethin to eat
I can't wait until I'm off the meds so caffeine gives me energy rather than just keeping me barely functional, lol.
GMorning Lady Mercer! 17lbs down and counting! I now need a tailor! GLORY!
#SheDidntCallBecause she's a stuck up bitch who complains about being single but is still stuck in a 'guys-should-call-ME' mentality.
ya... it's inspiring considering I'm thinking of going from career #2.5 to career #3 :D
Would a parent's attitude play a significant role?
Well Britney's name outshines Demi's entire career so let's not go there.
Things do not change; we change. ~Henry David Thoreau
IF I JUST UNFOLLOWED YOU WAIT ATLEAST 20 MINS PLEASE IM FOLLOWIN EVERYONE BACK NOW!
I initially misread this recent #Drudge headline as "#BRONY TRAGEDY…": "BRONX TRAGEDY: 7 die when van plunges into zoo..."
The Patio is meant for chillin' and grillin' - Which is why it's one of my favorite places around the house.
The Milwaukee Wave have won the 2012 MISL Championship.
TGIF and to great followers!
Hey Twitter, got an idea for a party and need a place to host it? We can do it, rent free! Bring your DJ and your friends, lets party!
Dr. N. M. Kondap said CIIHE’s #mission is to create an environment to achieve excellence in research, for betterment of the society.
Why do I feel like I have so much to do tomorrow when all I'm doing is taking my car to the shop and working?
RT Ram Dass said, "We're all just walking each other home." I love this.
Try one of our Grilled Specials: Ceaser Salad with Chicken, Rosemary Pork Chops, Steak Fajitas and Lemon Herb chicken sandwiches.
Hope #JMS581 studying is going well for everyone!
Yep, I'm doing the whole weekend.
Off to Private Practice set today. 4:45am alarm is rough but happy to have work :-)
Hate it when I get woken up out if my sleep!!!!!!!!!!!
Sad news for #timbers fans as Eddie Johnson announces retirement from soccer. Wishing him & family all the best.
oh my gosh your icon its Adorable(:
New york, where ya at? $50 is still sitting around greenpoint....
Good morning everyone have a great day.
haha I need to watch to see what she's wearing! Or not wearing! Lol
It was a gift from his Nana.
Nothing new, we're going broke.
It's drab up in here!
A beautiful day for shopping if you are not working on Columbus Day! New Clearance from Nordstrom hitting the floor all day.
Home after a productive day.. still a bit more moving to do but got alot done, goodnight
Happy St. Patrick's Day!. Not for #News in #Boston. The #SEO leader asked a man at #job interview "How Old Are You?" 41 =
Confiscated some shrooms today I just don't wanna take them alone
lol u tried to say "aut" <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
New Jersey Net Losses
I have eaten far too many peanut M&Ms today. But they just kept following me around the house. Couldn't just leave them there.
no disagreement
why does trending articles on my fb always suck. i don't care about the celeb prom pics! wish it was more like news.me
I agree it's fun with the audience. I can see how it was a business decision. Had it done better in US this wouldn't be a Q
"My religion, what I believe in, is called the Constitution of the United States of America." Myers (#RyanGosling)
Posted on da block getting it!!!!
Taking my one man riot to this weekend. Are they ready!
If you're reading this I just wanted to tell you I love you and I'm glad God made an angel as beautiful as you.
I MISS YOU
if there is a zombie apocalypse, who's down to team up and go head hunting?!
Man my phone off so I can onli recieve calls :(
you are so right. and for some reason reading Fudgy made me giggle
zobrist using a red bat
Why is my mom on Facebook and tagging me in shit? WHAT ARE YOU DOING MOM?
yo fam them headphone do the best work mann!
Game 7 in Los Angeles #Lakers vs
So annoyed.
#tweetyourseat We need some starters & closers STAT!
I saved someone's life too. I was at a sleepover with a bunch of my friends and like 3 of them were calling this guy gay (c)
We are at Patterson Park ready to dedicate 9 new homes!
I'm not home all weekend :( waeh!
ya mama can't say it like me?
my go-to coffee place just doubled their prices and made a lg a medium!! Now where will I find a $1.50 coffee?!
Can't believe I'm still going to work after lastnite but Owell work till 5
winner for reporting - “: So far the winner for the killer app at #SXSW is ... an umbrella”
Hey Laura! Thanks for the following.
Beeze in the trap
I'd frreaaakkkk out && make my grandpa buy me front tickets or back stage passes :)
That's a good at bat.
now the whole world is going to hate on me. hahahaha!
I'm pretty sure Lebron James just opened up the 2nd half with trademarked move...
I want to go swimming.
RT : Don't try to save me, is someone else callin' you baby. -Luke Bryan
I can already tell just how bad this week is going to be. All plans are off at the moment. Boo hoo for work. ;(.
The fact that the recommended people to follow for me are two British artists is just awesome.
Iced tea? “: oh no, I couldn't do that. It has to be something they might like”
i needa smoke life blows right now :/
just released their new camera #D4 ... yeah too bad its still a Nikon
IS there a chance I can meet you before your performance at Spin on Saturday?? PLEEEEEEASSEEEE
you better
Alright Bellingham, I'm here. Got late evening plans but the day is open. Haunting pawnshops like a ghost, call a guy!
today told us that the new flagship will not be coming to the US. and today chris is a very sad person.
It's the beard, Ron. No one can stand that damn beard.
Per , #Packers have brought in local #GEEBZ players Drew Nowak and Drew Vanderlin for work outs! Awesome to see!
Closing remark in talk by :"I thank you for a significant portion of your attention." So many people R on laptops & phones #sxsw”
steel design exam tomorrow son.... no can do but lemme kno when u going next tom is ma only class this week
who is this young gun and where is he playing?
ah embarrassing Chris Pine about Kristy Swanson crush on TV, freaking hilarious.
commin to tonight?
Getting prepped for "Leaving Las Vegas"....The Final Round. Gonna miss this gin joint in the desert. I truly will. Palm Trees....Love Em!!
Weird thing to compliment, but the breadcrumbs on our new intranet are perfect. Thank you, whomever in EPA got them right!
Interesting topic today, and I just learned you'll be a guest at Willow Creek next month. Looking forward to it.
i just ship Larry so hard like jesus.
Looking forward to reporting on the scene and ransacking upstate NY thrift stores this weekend with & maybe
oh this will be a PHP app :)
fave life-changing TEDs? Im especially interested in cogsci, psych, information behavior, life goals, social learning, comm art.
embrace antioxidants
Oh, hey Thursday? Where'd you creep in from? Time zips by when you're having fun!
u have a gmail
Just as I was drifting off to sleep I started to outline one of my ALA presentations in my head. Turned on the light and wrote it down.
CRUZ!!!! Time to dance!
I'm talking about the #thecloud with the family! Oh how far we've come.
fixing Harry's hair lmaooo nothing just came back from the Mall/Movies <U+E03D><U+E038>
nice review in the ! Sounds like we need to stop in for breakfast one of these days...
I Have Returned !
crunchmaster mult-seed crackers -roasted garlic - just became my favorite gluten free cracker! OMG - GOOD!
Hopefully the Jeat can't keep this up
Feels strange! Have to go back to recording studio on Tuesday. More to come...
met you at the spicy pickle in Portland! Hope you come back son <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
when a whore calls another girl a whore...
Three words Peter Greenberg hates, State department advisory
Thank God For AAU
Mood for a shower
Oh the things I think of when I'm on fb. :) HAHAHAAAA i am hilarious to myself (:
Good morning Philadelphia! How may we help you?
i hate when my hair has static
’70% of YouTube views are from outside the US’
ehh it's alright. I'm gonna stalk them all day. Lol
Time to get dressed to hit the gym.
I felt breath-taking beauty the minute the curtain went up.
you have me
#Chile quake 7.2 vmuch something that reminds us of huge potential & how little we are in control-but preparation helps immensely-so is hope
"Oh, yeah, that's right, I'm doing me." Love, Ush
I have important things to tell your female friend. Why is she being so Amish? I hope she grows a beard.
lol well I'll be sure to act 20 while I still am!
It's national Tell a Lie Day. What's was the last lie you told someone? (Don't worry you're safe with us:) )
IM SO BORED :/
So true. RT : I see 36 yo angry moms flip the bird all the time here in LA. Usually from their SUVs. No big deal,
no problem (; don be a twitter Stranger
Watching naruto.....sh..t dont laugh. yea im addicted.
Hall Berry is fine as Hell, but I'm starting to think EVERY man cant be wrong. Every relationship is like a Lifetime movie.
And Zac Brown Band it is!! ITS FRIDAY!!! YAY!
Just realized one of the most exciting times for the Browns is the draft. That's kind of a problem..
I DMed you(:
thanks! not on pinterest... yet... checking out now...
So both Von Miller and Peyton Manning have birthdays within days of me.
lol i aint even worried about paulk right now . mr snows gonna shit bricks when he sees i aint even got my outline yet .
Gonna take the long way to work tomorrow in the new <f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0099>!
Nevada hasn't forgotten how bad Recession is and we will be important swing state.
Dressed n ready for this youth federation at Westside
See you out there in a couple weeks!
#bradpitt is a boob. I think it was in very poor taste for him to tell all that his marriage to Jennifer was boring.
I really truly believe that the UWS Trader Joe's is a reject for Dante's 7th layer of Hell, deemed by the poet to be "too much."
“: I just saw a naked butt. If I were any place other than Dinkytown, I'd be surprised.” < lol
Yeah I think I'm done with Draw Something. The three words I was just given were Pepsi, MTV and Zumba. No thanks!
i have no problem with saying goodbye
Skrillex is killing it!!!!
If you have more than 4,000 facebook friends you need to get your shit together
#nce11alan november: you are not in the technology biz, you're in learning biz. Abolish tech. Committees
that sounds gross!!!
It is a Black Heavy Bells kinda day #NowPlaying Black Keys / The Heavy / Broken Bells on Shuffle
U rather be Rich Or Poor? I rather be Rich! Because I can be Rich & Miserable or Poor & Miserable; I choose Rich it's BETTER!
#cpi2011 Instructor Community launch right now!
Custom Posters are the Perfect Gift for an independent Artist! Discounts all weekend long at MusicalStop.com !!!!!
All-time best review RT New review of 's book by my 7 month old son. "It's good enough to eat!" yfrog.com/h8itypwj
At the gym
Friday Humor: "Happiness is having a large, loving, caring, close-knit family in another city." °- George Burns
we plan on it!
Full list of Saveur&#39;s 2012 Best Food Blog Award winners
Chris Pirie using Khan Academy to help paint a picture of the future of learning and development.
nigga u said u wish u was getn off instead of goin in but u jus missin rain
Happy Friday!
haven't been on here in a Wile! hmm!
Occupied Wall Street heading for its best month in 20 years - what to make of that?
thank you for being our 100th follower!
I'm gonna let you down easy I've got a delicate touch, peaches and cream you make a garbage man scream...
Now following
Bryan, hey! Could you DM me? I have a question about one of your interviews :3
and I spent hours looking for books by great lady authors, and of course yours came up!
How are you guys!!!!? Miss South Africa so much. Give Clara a big hug for me.
Lmao i really dislike my name:/
Knitting class was amazing. Now off to Stitch Lab for embroidering!
baha omg i almost broke my neck once. GOOD LUCK
Yikes, market looks terrible today!
We are actively working to expand our #car2go operating area to #SDSU soon! Thanks for the question
Nah, he took off the other way lol
Hopefully the bottom brace doesn't hurt! I'm getting both my braces off today. I hope my smile will be as good as yours! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
whats the problem?
me neither **reaching for headphones to listen now**
Today is Cascade Sports Car Club's Doernbecher Dash come on out and see some great racing and even get in on the benefit silent auction.
you can get through anything with the right amount of heart and sarcasm.
Looking forward to SLA. Nice to attend major professional conference in town - no board/travel expenses.
You said it, the weather is absolutely gorgeous.
I'll admit, I had fell in love with -------- Around the same time she had fell in love with him
RT : OMG I didn't know Ghostbusters really happened!
Black Ops, sorry, hah, I can hang out once double xp is over. lol
I only write music for myself, I don't try and appeal to anyone else. - Bryan Adams
You guys.
I hate fucking school
#CelebApprentice me too. Dicko you are amazing. Remember age is a state of mind!
Also, now cannot print. [throws table]
OUCH think the person who waxed my eyebrows is NEW!
Just seen in Glamour magazine..."eyeshadow creasing is ruining my life. Please help!" wow.just.wow.
o sun bathing today!
My heart is full of broken dreams and cold from empty promises.
I'd fuck Bieber all day (; lol
Enjoyed #GoschEhlers frat house!
But you know what? It's still the best job in the world.
good night my friends! i have to work in the am tomorrow z
that's the solemn ritual of replacing my Saint Paul library card with a Minneapolis one. Moving day today.
why did you order the half portion? Suck it up!
What time slot is the most sought after for brands?
No scam, holmes. Folks are just faster than you. Tickts were gone at 6.32p RT : What a scam. Braved rain & traffic.
I feel ya!!
I'm doing pretty good and yourself?
Tons of great ideas and a huge vision, but, limited resources.
Thanks for adding . Check out www.wherethehottiesat.com to find the hotties of San Diego.
Crowd is so large we need three waves of peoples mic.
#signsyougottaupyourgame when your playlist clears the dance floor despite having a list of special requests
well the world ends saturday so you don't have to worry about going back. Lol :-p
#worstpickupline "? What the hell is that?" - spoken from experience
Thanx! RT Very kind #beachthursday hugs to great friends.
don't be! you will be fine!
I want a cupcake. So much for healthy eating.
Bored as shit headache out the world
Alex is wise beyond her years!
After Nick Offerman, I'm down! :P
we literally just hit play on the DVR...lol...like 30 seconds into it
lol i wanna see him so bad! :D
How do people find digital resources?
I hate sitting in the basement waiting for the tornado sirens to go off! Time to play some Wii
Im Full Af Lol Ready To Go Home So I Can Sleep Sleep Sleep :)'s!
we are down. How would you track whether they really know them or not? lol
Back in the States. Our honeymoon to Argentina was AMAZING - penguins and all-I'm sad that it's almost over :-(.
Liking someone who likes me back
Gonzo, Jedi, Malibu, Peter Pan, Rosebud, and Yikes! have all been codenames for Macs.
thanks so much Dan. Hope you have a great weekend! ^ag
We've corresponded a bit. He does some great data analysis and visualization!
How did I miss the fact that is on the Twitters!?!? Situation rectified.
Actions speak louder than words. You telling me that you love me shows no action at all.
Yeah,, i jut started few days ago too. :)) " and i just started twitter...
pull them down
stay tuned... you never know what we are up to!
whoa whoa, you cant use my catch phrase lol
thank u so very much brings tears to my eyes! Live my
Why isn't Sunday illegal?
There r times when u just gotta say how it is & get it off u'r spirit!
As good of an athlete as Rondo is D Rose is a much better basketball player and PG. He will seriously emerge this year
Someone needs to come massage my back <U+E420>
#gc2012 needs math help from right now.
God Morning!!
i hope that you know it , you are growing and for us is very emocional , and will never leave you ! we loveU11
Heading To NAMM In the Morning in Anaheim CA So much fun going to be playing Saturday Night at the Marriot Hotel Lobby at 6pm Jan 21
i love you
Wondering if the Nuggets will pull this one off??? hm
#TaylorMade RT Might spend my sunday on the golf course
": It's amazing how many patients start convo with " Sorry to have to ask ..." Cmon !!! ASK --- plz :-)"
Totaling it up, my iPod cost $200, plus at least $400 in songs I mostly don't have other copies of. So it needed to be defended.
I hate when we(LADIES) say "i wish he would tell the truth" SMH knowing we really can't handle it sometimes. curiosity killed the cat
Mind you not seen that many things that can light up their backsides - so limited for reference points!
Oh, I LOVE their bath line. Enjoy!
Oh wow. Well deserved.
oh man they do that at #pens games too! What losers >.> when I go to a game I stay till they basically kick me out lol
TA TA YA Ms. Lucille :-) you're prety AWESOME yourself!!!
Awake.. And bored
Glad to hear you’re a fan! Which bar can you not get enough of? It’s okay to pick favorites. :) RT: Sunbelt granola bars >
I had a great night last night! I've enjoyed this upcoming mothers day more than any so far!
Watching wendy williams cant wait to see representing black women very well!!
je t'aime, mi amour. :P
ESPN News - SS Barry Larkin elected to Baseball Hall of Fame; 12-time All-Star with Reds, .295 BA, 3 Gold Gloves Go Reds!
Thanks for the follow. Bold music and videos... I like it.
you better do!!! I have your headphones! Lol
Allentown tonight
We were thrilled to see a rock star among those listed! Congrats!
I swear, If you followed me back I would cry, Please? (:
That's great! One of these days, there will be a fairy-tale post, and you won't even realize it.
Too old to pull an long road trip.
How about and ?
It smells like grass outside
good place the other guy is always hurt!!
I was thinking of bringing an old pair too. And thanks about the bandana! :) Great idea. I'll watch for the email. Fun, fun
Switched at birth bout to come on
Its officially the last day of me being in my 20's :'(... I may just cry hahaha
Tell my butt that, my but may argue with me, I checked it... A little dimply but still is ok. Mental note: Eath Banana and Apple on Thursday
stop distracting me with compelling headlines!
Well it works out cuz I've been looking for somone skilled in your area of reportage.
Couldn't have put it better ourselves ... RT : #craftbeer helps keep us together
Beautiful women in yoga pants. God bless
Way more fun! RT : I definitely retired from softball. Bring in sand volleyball :)
I've found that I want to "like" all sorts of things in the world: tweets, emails, things my kid says. Stupid reality
BREAKING NEWS: Chris Bosh is out, the #Miami #Heat are now down from The Big 4, to The Big 3: #Lebron, #Wade, & The Refs.
New design <U+2665>
oh yes
RT : I just realized that travel mugs are adult versions of sippy cups! How did I not see this before?
¤ Try not to have a good time...this is supposed to be educational. Charles M. Schulz
Oh, creative!
Awesome YMF committee member and emcee is going to study CompSci at this fall - we’re so proud!
Just two of the etsy artists featured in our shop.
Also, save a space on your thigh. When I'm near you or you're near me, we should get them tattooed.
Hmm... Back To The Future: The Game for PS3 is on sale for $10 at Best Buy if you're in their reward zone program.
What's worse than raining cats and dogs? Hailing taxi cabs.
Gah my addiction to heels is out of hand
Office rumors. Hate them!
Back it school is like a 2nd new year. Time for new habits, new routines and new resolutions.
Fasten your seat belts #Fringe fans!
thanks for following!
RT : Is your biz hiring for the holidays? Please DM or call me at 619-293-2264 to get mentioned in tomorrow's story!
you egg lookin bitch
I have no idea what I'm doing!
ur welcome u seem really nice so y not follow u!!!!:)
Loads of good luck wishes, buddy! Hoping for the best!!
Continually impressed with quality of reporting done by They are clearly setting the bar high for other Twin Cities journalists.
In core im so bored im tweeting lol miley is back! Yee made my day ;D
I like cats too. Let's exchange recipes.
F thoz movies :P and i see a Domo thingy and a piggy bank? and the departed!
Stressing out thinking about my busy week and the fact I'll need to make a job decision next week.
might as well put you in a box and sell you at Walmart, cause you're a fucking Barbie.
Never say die,
he seems to be a hater to everyone BUT Tom Brady.
the guy on 21st that runs with the jesus sign rocks
kick back at my crib, byob
i will
oh, that sucks
Don't make us come down there
Cooking is like love. It should be entered into with abandon or not at all. ~ Harriet Van Horne
Helium balloons and pumpking carving!
Just found a bunch of pearl jam things in my dads stuff.
yes-MA, Phd
oh.. Well.. Hi.. Derning is easy!
The thinkpiece-to-episode ratio is running at about 7:1 right now, so I don't blame you.
thanks hun! :D
Nothing says Happy Easter more than the dog pissing in your bed.
can i have a email address where i can send u some tracks i wont' give to anybody thanks
This is thee first day in ages that I have done absolutely nothing in a day...i mean NOTHING but sleep
I see. Cool... Went from 3 members to 20 members in 15 minutes so I knew something was up :)
Whats everybody playing today?
Wedding dress shopping with Alyssa Kaitlyn Raleigh!!
lies. Have you seen
that's power!
Don't foget it's Gold Card Week until Oct. 10! 20% off purchases for our awesome Gold Card members!
Don't forget to follow !
The googly eyes mans he's REALLY being careful! (O_O)-b
A Virginia man selling invisible water on Ebay to help raise money for autism support and research. Check out TommyBsUpscaleYardSale on Ebay
I want a house with a big yard! so I can have some horses :)
HE'S GOING OFF! I turned off my movie to watch.
I hate when I change the radio station then a song I really like comes on but its about to end >.<
Next Sunday is a national holiday :-p
second class this week that was cancelled because a teacher was sick. what the flying fuck suffolk?!
No. Just wanted to congratulate them
Ha! Thanks! And I'm going to take "boom-sauciest" as a compliment.
Maybe next time we can sit and smoke and sneer at people passing by together.
2 More Weeks canceled in the #NBA and no new talks on the horizon. SUCKS!!! Can't kick ass in fantasy.
we won't be good, but team is set up much better than in prior years. Average is in our sights!
#whosgonnalose - Arizona at Detroit - Detroit will lose
just make sure you aren't doing anything this Sunday ;)
You're not normal ;) but you tweeted just fine!!
Making my boyfriend food at 3 in the morning! He better love me! ;D
Teddy Brewski for jumping on Chad Ocho Cinco. Remember. The point is act like you've been there before? Chad hasn't. I see both sides.
yeahh! I told him but all he replys is with like 3-4 words! :/
I tried to stay positive but you won. You've broken me and every time I leave my house, I have to face you.
The Rangers have such a good line up.
I already sent you my picture!(:
I'm laughing so hard right now. My mom just asked me if I was going to name my child Lemetria. omg no mom go away.
Thanks, lady. Welcome back to summer. Hope NZ was amazing.
Thinking of urban classrms w 35 students - tchrs struggle w level of concern issues on pt of students-TOO relaxed
Girls want a lot of things from one guy. Conversely, guys want one thing from a lot of girls. via
so let's get an apartment so you can start shopping again
Left Hand Milk Stout RT : Q2 What was your Summer 2011 drink of choice
thanks for following. Have a great weekend
U R Welcome
bring me some?
fantastic! Yes off to LA in May. Not long to go now!
well then I must know them too! You can just stay with me...when can you be here...??
Unsurprisingy, the only overt shit I noticed was every Jewish male stereotype ever. But one of the writers is a storied racist.
NO to Late
: So...I was thinking...... <---used to have a manager who would start weekend projects with that quote.
Praise Allah.
I would love to get pair up with you. You always do such a great job.
Check out me singing 's "Lullaby" (Dec 18, 2010)
nice interview
We provide therapy for adults with-Child Rearing and Parental Guidance.
Until my sister learns how to talk to me politely and humane, she will no longer be a part of my life.
Just bought latest album "sick kids". Another diamond that will be seen as coal. Love this shit.
-i hate when people try to get rude online. get real about it & come to my face.
heck yeah girl !!! Hope the run went well :)
How in the world do I have more followers than ? It's not right. Please
follow back :)
In The Middle We Stay Calm, We Just Drop Bombs
hey, now, i may ride my bike plenty, but not like that.
5 days until invades Albuquerque. do you have your tickets????? www.rocktheink.net
To everyone that is doing their taxes remember to add 5 - 7% for the inflation tax to your effective tax rate to see what they really took.
We have a large offering of ORGANIC AND NATURAL foods
One of my favorite foods for sustained energy is a baked potato. Easy to make and is a great choice on any diet.
Finally watching yesterday's United game. Excited about a stress-free 90 minutes and a Scholesy master-class.
OK today's #SOTW contest is now closed. Counting all the entries and picking 4 lucky winners shortly. Back soon!
My phone just decided to visit Bing by itself. It's not even an internet phone. Clearly the singularity has arrived, and it's stupid.
i used to be excited to come home....now its just blah
check out my new video please!
lmao do u! Haha hella funny and the power rangers! I can't believe all in front of us! Wth! Go the the bathroom atleast eww
“: Its all about believing. Its all about FAITH.”
Is it weird that everytime I get into a crowded elevator, the first thing I think about is the movie "devil"?
I got my sephora make up!^.^
miss you kittens too! I'll come see u soon!
Imagine what education would look like if we took the money we spend on teacher evaluation systems and used it to combat poverty.
Getting ready for tonight's #libchat!
RT : LA's greatest export should be disappointment.
Also looking forward to a few days of visiting my sister and her children in Maryland!
I know where they're coming from! And after my schedule calms down, I'm applying again! :-)
I'm sick to my stomach rite now
wasting calories on store bought cookies when I totally could have baked better ones at home = lame
"There's either a simple explanation, or it's an international crime ring." - Me to editor.
My pick for the Super Bowl? The team wearing blue, red & white. ;)
The innovator sees the invisible, feels the intangible, and achieves the impossible. —You
thx follow the follow! From one foodie to another.
Are the most #ala12 evening events going to happen in disney area? I wonder.... Not close-by bar/pub outside....
baby, what's wrong?
Eclisse showroom has been completely revitalised The Eclisse showroom is the first showroom in Italy entirely dedicated to sliding door s
PRT : will be in Detroit later today through Tuesday. Gallery event tonight
No! What about viola?
I did get it. Want to do it!
RT why are double albums always so long?
I like strangers better than the people I'm friends with on Facebook.(:
I have already had dinner with Kissinger, and wife Nancy, on a few occasions. FDR would be fascinating to see.
I'm confused as to how you know that...
I think Stevie Wonder predicted that one ;)
Arizona Anti-Immigration Neo-Nazi Kills Himself, Four Others In Murder-Suicide
Had a great audition in Santa Monica, now rewarding myself w/some beach time!
Doesn't really help much but okay...
Happy Labor Day! Did you ever have to labor through a book in school or read one that you loved? Chat about it! #CMLbookchat 9/6/11 7PMEST.
Does anyone have any examples of children being taught #memory techniques?
You mean before they die.
made us dance, us lean in, and is up next. It's a good night at
Enjoy your b-day weekend sweetie!!!!
<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089>Happy Birthday Enjoy Your Day <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089>
I don't know, but my guess is no if you are starting out in the last few years.
Happy Fourth of July! Do you know what city in Wisconsin has the biggest parade today?
Finally, a fitness program where you don't have to choose...'Style and Substance'. CG Philosophie- The Cerebral Approach to Fitness.
I think you'll get mail for this one!! But I thought it was funny.
yeah that's us .. the funny thing is made that a long ass time ago but we thought it was fire
Today is #OIA Track and Field Championship Finals... #HURRICANENation ! #LETSGETIT !
Teenie Harris photos + August Wilson monologues = amazing evening at the museum. I love Pittsburgh.
its weird how when im tired I just really want water…………
Hoped to, but have to see how this crazy day shakes down... Owe you an e-mail too re: OK--soon I promise! :)
omg me either at least I'm not the only one haha.. do you think we can get extensions since we've been sick ?
don't think too hard
my English book has Sure Thing in it and it made me happy
I'm the reason why you always gettin faded.
started packing for #ala11 but idk what to take to wear to that dance party? I havent partied in NO since I was 20 should be fun.
is opening for Ray Wylie Hubbard at Gruene Hall tonight - show starts at 8pm!!
What are you doing this weekend? Come out to our Memorial Garden near our parking lot at 3:30 on Sunday for the dedication ceremony!
Let us plan your event! we have it all, we make it happen..... you just Live to party! (224) 400-2388
people are so lame these days
Dear Reds, Please finish this game out soon! I can't take much more Jeff Brantley!
I disagree. As many slight changes you can make, the better. no DH is 1 piece to that.
Life begs the question... Can I like country and still be cool?!
RT Thoughts become words. Words become actions. Actions become habits. Habits become character. And character becomes destiny.
True talent gone.
Hey its Scotty! If you're a MOM call the show!! 1-800-409-9393! I just want to run something by you!
30 Rock. Live. Pretty awesome. Major girl crush, as always, on Tina Fey.
Another database: Veterans Appeals Control and Locator System (VACOLS)
I didn't believe it.. I had to flip back to see it for myself! The #PHILLIES actually put Papelbon in the game while losing 2-1 in the 9th!
Meant #Ballarinas. Twitter needs a spell check. Or I need to learn how to spell.
Sir Alex or Mancini? In a fight, you'd have to take Mancini
Bags is ok but i prefer bands
Girl :take off ur condom. Boy:y????. Girl:yolo. Boy:ok but if u get pregnant yoyo. Girl:wats that. Boy: you own your own
nope sure dont
Spring assembly was amazing.
If ANYONE knows someone who looks like Brooklyn Decker, please let me know. I need to meet them to start wooing them. Thank you.
hooray! Can't wait for #oldtimeisagoodtime this Thursday!
the "Golden Grahams" - Team No. 19 from Green Bay!
Groovy. Am looking forward to checking it out.
#FF #learning experts who help others achieve
My day started with bad news, then moved on to really, really mega bad news, and then I unexpectedly received my new passport.
The whole movie! And the creepy little old ladies voice
12.4 ACRE ON #SCOTTSDALE #WATERFRONT #FORECLOSED. PROPOSED WATERVIEW AT SCOTTSDALE RESORT. $45M DEBT, $30M CREDIT BID.
Kearney, Nebraska ?! I still remember the first buckle was started there #thebuckletraining lol ohh lordy
THEY'RE SO FRICKING ADORABLE OMG
Tears are the silent language
“: Excited to meet on #sasf11 but until then, loving her blog! // I agree!
Sorry.but get use to it.
zzhe gets really angry when he loses people especially after our mom died:/
awww I miss u guys too! & yessir sounds good to me. I'm always down :)
I tripped :( come to the media center!
I swear I could make you happier than anyone else ever could, if you'd only give me the chance.
Lets go to Vegas
you should be able to get a ceasar salad at
why did the investment companys not capitalize on Brett farve. "understand and know when to get out of an investment "
lolol landlocked for the win!!! ;D
- You movie quote, have 2 hot girls, mini Damon Waynes and never disappoint. If you could make me dinner I would marry U!
I now have 1,637 items on my Amazon Wish List, most of them books. I will never be able to read them all. Yet I keep adding. Why?
Newcomers session is starting at #nafsaAD. Come learn what it's like to meet with congressional staff on the Hill.
New facebook layout for iphone
idk bro I gotta look
: Not good enough.
The essence of all beautiful art, all great art, is gratitude.
Baking and pastry vs hot food « jaygatto
Beach bouund with ! I love you <3
Up since 5a for a flight. Time for Starbucks.
Long Live Nancy Reagan.
Rick Perry? LOL!! Ricky Perry?? What a loser!!! I'll bet he's never even organized a community. Haha, plus I bet he's not even a Socialist!!
no, it doesnt matter, just be you.. We love you no matter, we know who you are. :)
+! Principle trumps practice. RT : Yes! RT "Best practices" are to be learned from--not mimiced.
Happy Friday! May it be free of Rebecca Black songs! :)
Great Sunday all the best teams got W's yes!!
I want the nipple tho.
Totally got a flat the first time I biked out of my neighborhood.
Interested in being a guest on #prettyprogressive? Let us know and contact us at
Early morning, headed to 711
Thank you for that.
that shit don't fly .
Queen City Awards Cypher Pt1: via BARS FOR DAYS!! Peep it..ME & on this one
twitter is being a bitch right now.
the web cam :)
please. in your admissions essay avoid quoting robert frost and using the marathon you ran as an example of your perseverance. do it for us.
"Conviction Kitchen" on Planet Green is great. It's a lot like "any elementary school in the the oxnard school district kitchen"
okay :D text me when youre off.
thank you, Don!!
hello there
Oklahoma's Personhood bill fails! #ALEC cries tonight. 99% celebrates. sobs.
In other cleveland billboard news, I've also been really sold on Yuengling & crisis pregnancy centers. Jk, Yuengling is boring.
I hate SUPER Christians. Shut-up and stop judging. Jesus didn't even BELIEVE in "religion" f.y.i.
Shapiro Look forward to following your tweets & thanks for the public service you do
Haha, I should clarify. I really love these late-night Brewers games when I don't have to be awake until 9:30 the next morning.
JC, congrats on the big first night, as usual!
Been focused all week. Time to visualize. 36 hours until game time.
Thanks, hope sis is ok ~?
I just noticed the guy wearing the mask is also wearing a bracelet. I'm not sure which disturbs me more.
Hello Harry, how are you today? :)
Wanna thank the kat who came up w/ the "repeat section" button in
Canadian Government Urges Removal of Triclosan from Personal Care Products
Big thanks to for coming to see us at the
who wants to give me a ride home
Definitely going to fall asleep during yoga tonight. #namaste <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
My whole life i been told i look like u by random ppl. Many times ive been mistaken for u. Idk u think we could be related?
Never trippin over the hoes niggah what you thought, we gettin money over here......
niall kiss it
Happy Pi Day
what up homies!!!
Ran for me today <3 that's sweet.
Interesting point. But in parts of world where good teachers "won't go" (according to Mitra) doesn't this fill a gap?
its now that amount, its how you use it! Miss school, work....
Teacher workshop #kaiserpermanente nutritionist tip for eating out: skip the fries. Sad but true.
hahaha my bad :P I always have headaches :/
Great question, you can only find our reps in orange #RepeatReceipt shirts between 4 and 7pm. Good luck hunting!
RT : Foods heavy in omega-3 fatty acids like salmon & herring play a key role in helping to keep your #normalskin smooth!
heat vs knicks n thunder vs mavericks
What have you been listening to lately?
Somewhere over the rainbow...
I'm stalking you
I'm on the shitter at coney dog on sunset! I was driving like a madman to make sure the homie got to his gig on time cuz I was late gtn him!
Resentment is an excellent motivator
RT ": “Haters are like crickets, you can't see them but you can hear them, and when you walk by them they are quiet”"
A fool flatters himself, a wise man flatters the fool.
White people stink is some racist bullshit!!! Fuck you and your mother for starting this shit!!! Racist asshole!!!! -Titties-
Whats goin on? RT : mtv is at my house
I've got 2 Webb's down, 35 to go - now to get more followers!
why is dat nightmares givin u a hard time jk
Earthquake downtown - frightening! Hope everyone is alright!
Tomorrow is the big day! We are open until 5:30 tonight!
My boss called me at 11:45 at night.
Tito y su Son de Cuba Thursday, Nov 18 8:30p at Coda. Jazz Supper Club, San Francisco, CA
“ WON'T EVEN FLEX HASLEM LOOK LIKE HE DONE KILLED A COUPLE PEOPLE BEFORE”haha
i deff saw you there! & lookin bored as hell haha
Heading to for the first time to see Coriolanus.
can't fight against the youth ! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A>
Which one of us is next?
Thanks for retweeting, Shane. Hope all's well with you.
RT #FF These cats I met last night.
That's my movie :)
MirkoPastaToco authentic italian restaurant, pasta is our passion fresh pasta is our obsession,LUNCH DINNER CATERING & TAKE OUT 678-704-2700
THERE'S A BAD AWEFUL STINK COMIN OFF THERE NOW! RT : It must be something in the marrow.
Well I saw that my wonderful friend mentioned you on Twitter and I looked at your profile and was inclined to follow ;)
Bogost: Books "as real objects in the world, not just boxes for ideas." But authors "mostly don't make books, they make words."
I'm having a baby boy. Should I name him Jackson or Braden? :)
easier 2 look like ghetto trash? Then don't wonder why nobody takes the lil white girl that thinks she's a rapper seriously
Tryin to get rent money together aint easy plus I wanna get a summer trip in too!! Need more bread and quick!! Lol
I would rather be hated for who i am, then be loved for who I am not.
I'm off I'm in too much pain to continue hope I'll y'all later, thts if I dont die of the hurt I'm feelinq!
Getting my vote on
Just wakin' up about to get brunch going... well really breakfast... or is it brunch.. Watever... Pancakes, Scrambled eggs, w/ Turkey Bacon
Just passed the new Donovan signage - congrats! Any new plans for the pool deck?
Hail Up Miami! The Wines That Rock team, including our winemaker are at the South Beach Food & Wine Show today. Stop by and say hello!
you sure know how to butter someone up :3
Caccamo I'm DMing a good recipe I concocted
Seriously?! What can a girl do to get you to notice her?! I am dying. Huh?!
Just dropped $25 on girl scout cookies, which I've never ever bought before. Take that, girl on YouTube!
JUSTIN PLEASE NOTICE ME!!!!18
How backwards? I mean, it's powered vs. unpowered, but X-men is the same way. That's an interesting connection, though.
I feel pretty good about it...tho not perfect
The impatient person with the nasty temperament thinks too much of themselves. Their time, and their ideas, reign supreme. YOU don't count
I recently moved to San Fran and need to brush up on my Spanish.
If you're dream is different than everyone else's, it doesn't matter. Just go for it.
collecting email makes the difference. Email can make up for almost all weaknesses on a site.
late on the intro...I just released a single & am working on a CD release 4 later this year. Singer/songwriter, performing musician.
Good morning ACC tweeps! If you bought a ticket to Hairspray, be sure to go out and support! Tix will not be sold at the door.
RT araciiiiiiiii!!!!! My fav singer of all time...Thx Riley...greatly apprciated!!! Fav producer of all time too!
Lost on the freeway again.
Now you're making me blush!
Not correct, they are getting them, only those with QDRO or tax issues are delayed due to review since it is a benefit.
Hello tweetsters! Heads up! Show this Thursday with ! So stoked to get to play such talent! Be there and hang. =)
I found that weird dreams can turn into some really interesting films
Within you I lose myself. Without you I find myself wanting to become lost again.
LOS CHIDOS = 1st flick all Fest I've considered walking out of. Like a Lynch-ian student project by a mentally handicapped, deaf chimpanzee
"Now that the Sun hath veil'd his Light, And bid the World good Night; To the soft Bed, my Body I dispose, But where shall my Soul repose?"
It's the nice-girl tour no more: She went on vacation with Urszula and Agnieszka Radwanska. She got hugs and relationship advice out ...
turns out has a twitter noone knows about. currently following: Stefanie Perez, Katherine Andrist, &Kyle Hollingsworth hahhah
Want heathy sexy hair? Get a Keratin Glazing today!
ill second that
Whole kelly families in church minus and Pieces of junk. (cant curse still in gods house) <U+26EA>
RT If I was a cookie I'd be a ying and Yang cookie. Dark chocolate out white swirled in. Both yummy and for
go to ur direct messages
who is designing/executing your makeup for the tour!? Favorite looks so far? :)
Did you come up with this all by yourself? RT : May the 4th be with you!
I think he's confusing the two.
I Need 10 People Follow She Follows Back #teamfollowback & You Get A Promo To her 83k Just REPLY " DONE" When Finished" x9
no more Storm? :p
It's the friends you can call up at 4 a.m. that matter.
We liked it. We had not been in 8 years. Glad we tried it again.
I'm extremely jealous of dogs because they can put their faces in anybody's crotch and dig it
Boys, if I ever tell you that you stole my heart & you reply with "Wanna seek revenge & steal my last name?", I'm yours! x
Fuck that nigga that you love so bad. I know you still think about the times we had. I say fuck that nigga that you think you found
Thanks for the note! We're keeping a close eye on the page -- that poll has almost 90k votes, so it's going to be tight...
can't wait to dye my hair.. AGAIN
iLove my queen I found my rider
biased much? LOL!!!!
#summit #Caribbean & #argentina con Ron #dominicano pronto y
Ugh My hand is falling asleep! <U+E012><U+E13C>
The racewalk and the 3000 are combined events in this invitational....
Just a sign that the person who does the actual tweeting has been taking a few much-needed days off!
toaster?! *giggle*
YOUR COMING TO PHOENIX?!?!?!?! I LIVE IN PHOENIX!
I know but I am <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
#FF My favorite person in the whole world.. She makes me laugh all fucking day! Seriously. Follow her. :)
I'm your freakin hero.
I sometimes wonder what people think when they first meet me, I wish I could read their mind just for that short while.
I'm watching sci fi with
Yes dreams do come true :)
Nah- just effin' with you all. Coukd never give those things up. Ever.
bimini shakedown tomorrow! What's the plan brother?
I miss Tuesday. Life was so much simpler.
Happy Birthday, (;
love game. Lady gaga.
My lucky number is Umpteen.
I'm truly enjoying the newsletter. Subscribed after the article & now I'm hooked. Thank you.
Next week I'm making a concerted effort to build my own pea.rs patterns library. Here's to faster
Tonite Cinco de Mayo Fest in Sacramento! We play at 6pm. St. Rose of Lima Plaza. Corner K & 7th st. Downtown Sacramento.
The early bird gets the worm
I added over 200 words to my script, but timed out and lost it. I am pissed. It's not my computer, so...
I LOVE YOU ;) fine ILL TEXT YOU!!
stl cards never say die
sounds delightful. U sharing?
What are you looking for in a health club?
So then you're in danger of actually becoming Gary Danielson?
RT : yes tea bags and cucumber removes puffiness
Count on challenges to be your correction in direction. The only way a rocket will launch is when gravity forces it to take off.
Photo shoot time!!! I love having someone do my hair and makeup. It's a shame I'm never able to go out afterwards. :-P
Just followed you back. Really exciting to have followers all the way from S. Africa. The power of Twitter....
Fact #5: I always thought some football players at my middle school were stuck up.
Thanks, Ed Lopez Bankruptcy, for the mention on Sunday, April 15!
Healthy discussion about #OSM and it's all good, fans abound but not 100% satisfied and aware.
Follow me for discounts on auto repair and oil changes in oklahoma city.I come to your for a change!
Jestina is sleeping over tonight! she is here right now!
would love to point you in the right direction for one of our tasty #cocktails !
RT : Parenting tips of the day: Don't strap them to the hood of the car or take them to the tanning booth.
Just nominated A Lady's Lesson in Scandal for the DA BWAHA
How ru
we're in Houston, Texas :)
Nice.e
maybe you and can come back on ABDC and after you do a surprise performance you guys can rap hahaha
Hammock time.
Have u had a long weekend, need some energy, come see us for a lunch that will put it all back in place.
ya it sucks. Only thing I'm really gonna miss is all the music I had.
Just went on a 3 mile bike ride.
Media doesn't pay attention to edu policy because education as a whole is not valued in USA.
show off
gosh I miss you!
Because of clementines, I could never be a locavore.
It's an injustice to deny our citizens their constitutional rights. Today's #Prop8 ruling puts CA one step closer to equality.
February is "Fabulous Florida Strawberry" Month! What is your favorite way to eat strawberries?
Great friends over for dinner tonight.
Watching soccer w/ the team in pizza place in St. Pete. Tseska just scored on Spartak. Love Russia. love watching soccer.
We comply with all federal and state laws and hiring practices.
no problem :))
I'm ready for today to just be over .
High HELIUM
Rush Limbaugh just said there is a Kwanza special on Colt 45 at the 7-11.
Seems like a waste of tees, right??
Looks like no little league practice tonight. Good thunderstorm instead!
Happy Birthday <U+2665> And Happy Easter!
Phoenix,AZ Bro!
Start up a game! QT : I wish would play more...
Barcelona killed it.....
my horoscope says differently lol
I should not be up this early
What's up?
haha love ya bud but you are not taking this away from me. And no disrespecting the Cavs, Irving is a monster just not enough
Pizza, crown royal and coke. Mixed with cigarettes, funny black people, and great company. Goodness.
Flashmob folks might like this
Expert analysis. RT @ RHancock19: Lorenzen sucked ass in the NFL.
Really enjoying Mary at Cafe Milan. Franco is such a dear friend!
have your heard from ? Does he know I'm 12 and he would be on our team? Does he know is too?
lol they look like some milk duds lmao
real question is why the Washington NFL team gets away with its explicitly racist name
'That kitchen not clean by the time I get home, Imma beat you outta your sleep'
I'll ask my friend to hook us up with her girl. She looked phenomenal when I saw her in march.
fascinating isn't it! We know someone who works at an insurance co, her job is to search FB for worker's comp fraud for companies
Thank you for those words of encouragement :-) You are an excellent man & I look forward to watching God continue to use u.
We want a seat on your tour bus! And the best fries are at Lucy's Table!
hey thanks for joining the party! you should def check out our music :)
I'm a poop?
Starting a new thing tonight..go to a bar in Lakewood I've never been before and review it..first bar Mullens on Madison
My body is in pain!!! #brewersfantasycamp problems. Yeah, I can live with that.
my gmail count was 66 for the thread
If you're havin' troll problems I feel bad for ya son, I've got 99 Jimmie's and a your post rustles none.
enables researchers to share both successful (and unsuccessful!) data
Will the citizens of the USA let our nation get washed down the drain with Liberalism &Socialism? I think not
If really love someone you would set them free...but if they really love you they will always be there when you come back.^_^
That's what you wanted right? You can't dismis EVERYTHING as bad just to keep being angry, it's not good for you. ;)
Doesn't it look like it?(;
hello how is it going
Another EXCELLENT win from the #Astros tonight!!!
was belgabad the biggest or were there some even bigger than that?
so I am at home right now, whatcha saying?
Happy New Year to all our Pageant Friends & to my Friends & Family!!
Why is #smh a viable hash tag trend? I mean, I guess all of this twitter stuff is stupid, but shaking ones head is something people follow?
following you. alevine513
Today in Invention History: 1886, Pharmicist John Styth Pemberton first sells his patent medicine named, "Coca-Cola"
You can't go wrong with Lord of the Rings! "My precious!"
Thanks for high five today on #6 go low this week!!
Thanks for following us!
Any video game programmers/designers in Seattle who might be interested in mentoring a student senior project?
We r in Pre-Production of a Compton Based Hood Movie (Action/Adventure) currently seeking Financiers/INVESTORS. Ur email
« Your Welcome :)»>.< what to wear what to wear.
Our music's kind of about taking something ugly and making it beautiful. - Jerry Cantrell
RT : I'm sick of hearing "But I want it!" treated as a valid excuse for theft.
I boycott the Tassimo at work for that reason. RT : Conservation attempt failed: re-using keurig cups for second cup of coffee.
you a fool good one
you guys make us *blush*
Happy Birthday My Twinaj : ) ( TwittterMinaj ) Have A WonderFul Time ! : )
. Understood. But disclaimer is still missing from column page. Until it's there, readers will assume views = yours.
I miss Media Day last year when put Rich Eisen in his place. That was awesome.
Reason to use statistics in your speech part 5- “Statistic can be memorable, sticking with your audience in the duration of your speech.”
No disrespect to anybody, but my rapping artistry will stand out to anybody else's.. Don't get caught up on my opinion though
Layin outside with
Today's Sandwich: Smoked turkey & provolone cheese on a baguette w/ spinach, tomato, dill shallot mayo & cup of soup $6.95 Chili +$.50
RT : I Love working with creative people who have a goal an a dream, gives me ideas
Be ENCOURAGED... ENCOURAGE OTHERS
: Too early to say. I'll let you know!
Everybody have a Blessed Day :) Be safe and Have Fun :)
Wow Megaton just hit the mega millions jackpot!
We cant wait to party with you again!! :D RT : I am SO excited! Last summer jam was AMAZING!
Indeed I do. RT : #summerofyes knows what I mean.
Okay we can be friends.
just realized my happy birthday to u is early.. Cus I'm in fl so I'm an hour ahead, so happy early birthday I guess lol <U+E022><U+E022>
Looking for a local coffee vendor for branding ops. Let us know.
13 more days till school's out...<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Nobody likes you when you're 23...right ?
If anyone needs beats, hmu!! Got some exclusive ones!
lol, the homie had those girls going hammer tonight
he doesn't even deserve a tweet right now.
always the case
Thanks for the follow and
yeah, I understand. Looks like community is using both already, from a quick search. I'll add #dmvdance to my roster!
He who has health, has hope. And he who has hope, has everything.
Are you a hospice and want a great handbook 4 ur familes and c/g's? ON MY JOURNEY HOME written about an end of life journey.
Happy Fat Tuesday! Our Rib Tips are calling your name today, 1lb for only $8.99! Come and get them while they're hot!!
Oh happiness!! The Bluebird of Happiness is knocking on Leslie Botko-Kingston's door. She won a family pass to visit World of Coca Cola <3
THIS WEEKEND I HIGHLY RECOMMEND YOU ALL TO SEE "BATTLESHIP" THIS IS A GOOD MOVIE!!!!
Say what you want, but a Phil Collins song doesn't exactly scream, "Yeah, go team!" to me.
Birds chirping at 5:30 in the morning.
Young in bed on roof? Is that really the best way to promote a book about God? Proverbs 16:16 is the goal - Wisdom is better than gold.
very nice
I see plenty of my favorite people presenting at #GSummit, would love to attend!
Boy.. that Lunch'... was So fast~~ I forgot what I had?
Well there goes that
Art Show Tonight ( :
I part of my life that I both dreaded and love, ends 2rw. I thank everyone for their help,support and love! 6/16/2010, I FINALLY GRAD'ED!
ikr? And he passed obedience school :)
Yesterday was amazing <U+2764>nothing can ruin my week ! Omar yesterday ,
Tough question that Boston is also struggling with. I say more entrepreneurial events, conferences, talks will help a long way
Awesome! You should just come with Phil :)
so you're saying their is a chance that PSU may still make the moral and correct decision to retire him immediately?
#Mac.Lingo: USE SELECTIVE HONESTY & GENEROSITY TO DISARM YUR VICTIM!!!#RealMaccinInEffect!!!
Yep, lots of new songs!! It's been so good. How are you doing? xx
Show Tomorrow @ Uncommon Ground!
i just love the name
haha I know. I'm just kidding. Btw we still on for Saturday?
I was planning to be your last but you
S/O 2 #MNF SEXY ASS <---- FOLLOW HER 4 AN INSTANT FOLLOW BACK!!
send me your email.
1/2 price 's start on Friday for 2 weeks... That's what's getting me through the week...
Impatience never commanded success. - Edwin H. Chapin
CONGRATULATIONS FRANCISCO LIRIANO ON YOUR NO HITTER!!!!
I love a mid afternoon
when the hunger games trailer comes on tv i literally stop everything i'm doing and stare at it wide-eyed, not blinking until its over.
You might have to cut off your finger to save your hand
you should follow me. Cos YOLO
So far, the #Ragnarchi 200 miler run is a great experience. They did an awesome job with directions on the road. Easy to find the turns.
RT : RT #e2conf Using activity streams as a universal event bus combining system and people updates << using !!
Oh no! Was that during the account create process? Or later when editing your existing profile?
i like candy.
Hey i'm here where my grandama doing dessert yumiiii #hungry hahaha
Thank you both for your support!
Final artwork and audio for our CD "the Great Destroyer" sent to pressing. That much closer to having a CD/MP3s in your hands and ears!
It's 11/11/11, Veteran's Day, and Association Hero Dog Awards are tonight on ! Sponsored by
Quick fact: In 2008, African-American women had the highest voter turnout rate (68.8%) - a first for the nation.
YOU KNOW IT C;
Dude called out of work tonight. It's supposed to be my day off but fuck it, I'm going in. I could use the money for Vegas.
Not. Moving. Today.
i feel brand new idk y
whuut a day, what a day ! i had a pizza about the size of my upper body *giggles*
Thanks for speaking to us and ! It was a great learning experience
stevie wonder just walked past me.......
Well manicured fingers crossed, we'll be debuting our very first McChristmas McSpecial!
ooh, baby. 2011 is going to be our YEAR :D
Getting my cameras ready for this trip.
what a informative class tonight. I'm amongst such interesting ppl this month. Just got a cell phone tix tho, time for a <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B8><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
I kno but it will pass lol
Supercars might impress girls to a point, let's face it, crash your enzo + she wets her knickers in fright. She's never calling you again.
same! I really hope she does!
On the other hand, this person was clearly loved by many. So, well done sir or madam on a life well lived.
62 today?!?! Is it really true??
I had a flea on my finger. WTF.
"Happy Pi Day" all you geometrical formed twitters,
Yur no surgeon!u cant comment on wat thy mite or mite not hav had done!stop with jeolousy!success doesnt cone overnite!!unless yur .....
RT : Who knew the guy who helped create Stash & Tazo is now which will be my next tea purchase....
#Leadership #Inspiration RT : #CYMYoungHeroes celebrate Random Acts of Kindness week by creating ripples in Miami.
Let's go BrewCrew!!!!!!
Someone will take Todd White from Rangers, i wish the Sabres had room for him...
Two more days until the weekend. Can't wait!
The bag of peanuts I bought has a peanut allergy warning label on it.
Ordered VIP tix to Big 4 today as part of MetClub travel package. Not only will b close to stage but also spending extra day at nice resort.
Congrats to , Isaac Allen & I Can All Stars for winning 17u Jayhawk Invtl. Maurice Kirby with game winner!
": She got money, drugs, and freedom." She's A BOSS
The amazing Liv Berger from Body Endeavors will be here 12/3 at 11 for a super mat class with post fro-yo! $10. DM if interested-:)
hires summer interns!
I need to reattach the metal post to the plastic earcup mount on my SR-80's. How can I do this? Special glue/technique?
Thanks to all our wonderful sponsors (posted in previous status)
DAMAGED GOODS is in the can.
Sorry for the delay while I was on vacation but I really appreciate the mention. Stay safe!
It's the last weekend before alcohol-free Feb!! Been a tradition for a few years :)
clapping Summerfest fan lady b-roll! I love it!!!
Great information! Giving and receiving constructive criticism is a learned skill, and not an easy one.
yeah my mom accidentally gave me sleeping pills rather then ibuprofen
haha o ryan if meg was only worth it hahaha !
phone w/ natalie<3
Did you know: Johnathan Williams was the Grand Nephew of Benjamin Franklin?
SD Restaurant Week about over. Hurry up and head to the awesome Nine-Ten. 3 courses of perfection: Smoked salmon, short ribs, Nutella tart
thank you!haha your is HOT to!!!!!! <3
Things I didn't remember about Yellow Submarine: 1) It's technically brilliant. 2) It's bizarrely racist.
80 bucks cheaper for a crappy kitchen and decent living room or a really nice kitchen with a funky living room?
Keep dreaming. Nobody ever changed the world by being "realistic".
Hop of the turn my swag on! Take a look Ib the mirror and say wats up!! Yeeeeeeeee I'm gettin' $$$$ ooowwww
And that's exactly why I'm single
I'm debating whether I should change my twitter name from Bill Nye, to Ricky Bobby. Decisions, I hate them.
Did you have him nearby to hand you tissues?
Hahaha.. What's up bro.. I see you..
Thanks for following my twitter Valery. I belive in the law of attraction too!
Stay warm tonight with some chicken and waffles and delicious alcohols. Dinner special starts at 7:30, drinks are flowing now.
Did you take a look at Cycorp and their approach to solving similar challenges that Watson faced?
Hope you can fit us in tonight! ;)
Every time I see your face, I get all tense and my fingers curl up into a fist. I just hate your face.
Lauren Hill is trending. It should be LAURYN Hill
blue usually does not work on unbleached hair :(
to kiss my babies all day!
Could You Please Tweet: JUSTIN FOLLOW AUSTIN MAHONE, To Get It Trended For Austin? Please & Thank You! :)
Cool Following now :)
Lmfao!! Thank you! you are too!
I've been busy getting (back) into school and stuff but, I want to start tweeting more haha anywho, start a convo wiff meh. I ish bored
YUM! I want to crash.
Give me the chance to love you, I'll tell you the only reason why.. Cause you are on my mind.
Hang in there! Sometimes you gotta keep staring down that screen till you win!
was sad to see you leave #H50 but extremely happy you'll be on Chicago Fire!! Welcome to Chi-town!!
Justin Meet Lisa :)
Couldn't be any prouder of my BBall team. Left it all on the court. Good luck to Swop, C5, and King Kyle.
Happy Thankgiving to all my followers and fellow tweeters. May you enjoy being with your familes....and hopefully don't eat too much food.
Any cheftabletv level places to eat in Naperville/aurora?
It occurs to me that some of Rush Limbaugh's opinions are not in step with mainstream consumer sentiment. Now I'm not buying an ad.
#SchoolMemories I was in fifth grade and we were on a field trip to a museum and everyone was hitting on my mom because she chaperoned.
the guys on vampire diaries are just to sexy!!!<3
Cousin Brucie played I Walk the Line by Johnny Cash. It was a dedication to Lee for Johnny's birthday
- Lol. They DID that.
lmfaoo! What ? You think i don't check my mail ?
I heard rivers is going pro. He is going to get ate up. Can only go to his right and can't play d.
I don't know how to view DM's on my iPhone for twitter.
You can't be missing if nobody's looking for you in the first place.
< excuse me but wut is that?
Eric, We are introducing "Whisk Reputation", Yelp feedback mgmt. As a Restaurateur would that be something of a interest to you?
BTW, in response to "conventional wisdom," -- if you CAN'T put ur client on the stand, don't; but prepare to, and if you can, do so.
I can't believe the is following me on twitter. I must really have made it! ;)
Ugh why does there have to be school today -_- #my miserable life
i love to please everyone, or at least try.......
thanks for taking the pledge!
": Just once, I would like to wake up, turn on the news, and hear... "Monday has been canceled, go back to sleep.""
Please do.
Good day! What's going on wit cha?
I'm pissed off
that song needs to be on iTunes....like NOW! #Saysomthin :-)
There is nothing glamorous about Aerosmith Brad Whitford's head Injury. I hope you never have to experience one
"Forgive me Father, for I have sinned" -- , as he opens the Canisius webpage on my computer. (I almost killed him).
I agree RT hash tagging Facebook is wrong
Outlaw aka has been working on his round kick. I think he's just about perfected the move. #kickboxing #pregancy cc
Just arrived i DC for SLA.
Let's trend #summerwontbeabummer! Help me!
see you're up early, - welcome to the land of the crazies
yes, awhile ago and was sold out :(
Karl Malone salutes our troops
“: has mad skill! That girl can sing!!” thank you!!!!!
Man if there was an award for mediocre horror film with a demon possessed little girl Case 39 would have won an Oscar.
2nd English Home Magazine back cover in a row! Versailles Bed in Silver Leaf
i wish i could apply :(
Tiger Woods needs a caddie that makes him feel tough again! Is available? Iron Mike on Tiger's #Golf bag would scare 99% of field
hey man. youre going to kick ass this season. good luck.
This is not how it is suppose to be.
...although he did just end a sentence with a preposition.
Moombahton Massive was insane last night! I would have tweeted then but I gets no service in uhall. The whole crew killed it!
Putting the finishing touches on the production details for the show on Saturday. You're gonna love it, KC.
#DC: a reminder that our Saturday 4/21 class at the will be at noon. Regular schedule resumes next week. Thanks!
Need front row tickets for J.Cole concert,contact to buy a $1 raffle tickets for a chance to win your free ticket.
HAPPY VALENTINE'S DAY LOVE! LOVE U
that'll b dope.. and film it.. include a dvd
Get to play in our new electronic instruction room today. Very excited to see the new tech in (mostly) place instead of in boxes!
it's all part of the experience.
What, never heard of Oaklandhoma??
Great to visit with you - your quinoa salad was an inspiration for our dinner tonight.
I just hope Stanley McChrystle isn't naked on the cover of the new ROLLING STONE.
The Brewers are the new Cubs.
What a fucking game!!!!! Cowboys were kicking ass!! Dont screw it up..
: As more involved in drug discovery, had to engage w/ FDA. Same goals: safety and efficacy webinar
Jennifer Paper: Tops at the Box Office: &#39;Think Like a Man&#39; reigns ...
windows down in my apartment. just heard someone walk by and say "man, i be payin rent and dey aint even gon' clean da pool?!"
:) of course I know what it is! Kimono, Aidao..qipao
water and Juneau all we have right now is grilled cheese and grilled cheese with bacon $3
Would you also like to keep the planet healthy, while taking care of your health? If yes, then check out the Eco-friendly yoga...
Do not look where you fell, but where you slipped. -- Chinese Proverb
Tonight 10:30pm I'll be on #letitrip. It was postponed last night due to #Dexter tornado. Thankful everyone impacted is safe.
I love AriZona Arnold Palmer. It reminds me of Chicago.
like let me get a black escalade and my college education. I'll even take a pay raise to stay with this company. thanks!
Y'all haven't really been fair about this one, DR, and I LOVE unpopular speech.
Wit lies in recognizing the resemblance among things which differ and the difference between things which are alike. Madame de Stael
free tats for life if u get me in o e of ur films. im a veteran a cop and 21 jump was funny as hell. amazing actor man
I'm writing in 's Days from the Heart of the Home everyday this year. so far so good. that's my diary project this year
I'm tryna hoop so fuckin bad it don't make sense.
I don't know what is relevant at this point in time
Nice read!
Dude, I so look forward to clicking on your links. Always so entertaining.
This game would be better if the refs weren't wearing mavs jerseys
Just met wit n he is to funny... He drinks his beer nice n slow so he doesn't drown lmfao
>> my legs are screaming for rest!!! EEk
What is up with these 5 day work weeks
#MyBiggestFlaw I procrastinate a lot...
Yum! I'm jealous.
I HOPE YOU WILL FOLLOW ME SOON I WOULD LIKE TO TALK WITH YOU
hold me
Who wants a new champion this year? So long Jimmie
yeah I think you are too lol
does anyone know if Sade has a concert in the near Kansas City area?
I haven't been myself lately it's weirs
Happy Momma's day as well to and Can't believe how many supermoms I know.
i love you<3
Member made cake and cookies at Conjunctured today. It's a good day to be coworking!
no way... socks are essential. You know what you like and will accept nothing less. Your feet are key to running, i think.
Goodmorning my people..... Let's get to work
You can count on me for bathroom interventions any time your affections are targeted at terrible people.
Academy of Swag fawking killed it
sure, how can i help you?
sup bro
the anti-protestors are predictable, but the protestors have ADD. We want this, and we... look a squirrel!
why thank you :D touch me all the time thats probably why.
Started cleaning right as my #ADD meds kicked in. House spotless. Work project not done. Damn it.
March 9th:wine history 2007 snake river canyon was made a wine AVA previously, known 4 Evil Kenevil to jumping it in 1974, Thanks vino verve
RT : told u round one was ours. LOL. Lakers in 7 vs OKC <<dude u are smoking sonething!!! Yeah I said sonething!!
Lebron is the truth!
When do the Yankees broadcasts start ???
Is SVG the Clips coach next year? I feel like it is a lock.
Ah well, I miss you every ALA.
Attack the Block FINALLY opens in Baltimore, and a damn hurricane has to come along. Where's the justice?
CEO David Dundas on #entrepreneurship: "do it for the love of the game"
Everytime you smile, I smile. And everytime you shine, I'll shine for you.
Watching "Scandal" with Viggle. Get real rewards just for watching TV.
You can call me cudi the kid.
I just earned the Doorstep Bonus at Bel Tempo in MyTown2.
How can I apply to hogwarts lol
yeah, well rush limbaugh can "suck a bag of dicks."
Hope it hit the spot!
Your weird and awkward at times and get on my nerves ALOT but i love you :)
Google's "You said you attached something but there's nothing attached" feature: Very important technological milestone.
PUT A SMILE ON KYLE'S FACE GIVE HIM A HIGH FIVE HE'S ONLY HERE FOR 4 MORE DAYS!
On the Defense team currently working in Biometrics---social media? very cool! Know anyone in the DC area doing the same?
Completely deep moment over, now I just want to go die in my room. Blah
I'm putting the scandal and Seau together. Is this a suicide? Was there game-caused brain damage?
For y'all following NC #amendment1 tonight, I'll be with Pastor Ron Baity at Berean Baptist Church and will be live-tweeting from there.
heard you have hott sons?
explanation for CBS/NYT poll is probably Obama coming out in favor of gay marriage. It probably WILL cost him the election. Thanks Joe
Happy birthday to the man, the myth, the legend
Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself.
Looks like #Illini might not be dancing, get em
Wis. elections officials say 900,938 signatures collected to recall Gov. Scott Walker, far more than 540,208 needed
never give up on what you love <3
My god I love being alive
well thank ya mr. #crazygoodpianokid! lol
I think Maurice should be a character in your weiner dog mystery series, possibly his trusty sidekick?
Just put the cookie bars in the oven...can't remember if I put in 1 1/2 or 1 3/4 cups of flour. *sigh* So off tonight.
Kane did a lot more than he should have been doing in the post season anyway. This is the most agressive he has ever been.
"Its not illegal.. just frowned upon. like mastubating on airplane"- Oh Yeah big book of movie quotes .. mcLovin. mc loving
RT : Straight up: Use the fact that MCA grew up & stopped using words like "faggot" & "bitch" & embraced being HUMAN as a lesson.
I mean "you're" #badgrammar :)
nice! That's where lots of people have their tattoo! What is yours?
Just when I thought everything was getting better and I would be happy again.....nope right back to the way I was before.
Filled out an application for The Family Christian Store.
OKAY. Now THAT ONE was perf.
I just realized what I've been waiting for a year is finally here
All County rehearsal
Appreciate the #FF!
O.U.T.... Goodnight
no problem oh please check out my youtube channel IronicPenguinZ it would mean so much thx
All rules are meant to be broken! thats what I used to say,now that im in high school i disagree because PDA in the middle of the hall=GROSS
White women i meet over the age of 35 get grouped into one name, lisa. I forget their names and all are called lisa. Jk
Iceland is calling my name.
Just flipped some fresh magic for fine folks at a downtown luxury
This nigga bought an expired ass condom 0_o
All the best bro RT : hangin up the shorts and calling it a career bro
It's a very fall type morning but finally some sunshine. The birds are all over the feeders and are enjoying cut sunflowers. . . beautiful!
tweet war?
Hey and
I got it at the winery. Try their website :)
I love Dor, but I was looking forward to my boys on the reissue. They better not change the DVD. Tyler & all the other boys better be on it.
The Get Up Kids just pop punked my face off. Time for Flaming Lips! (and more people watching)
#WELL DONE ONE DIRECTION
Q: Why did God create man before woman? A: He didn't want any advice.
actually I would say you've loved him since about March/April of 91 :)))
Saying your phone was dead or you were busy, but you really just didn't want to reply.
I'm at my first Date Auction...dear lord
Panera bread can cure any hangover.
yeah ... there are other issues w/those signs... like putting braille up at "eye" level, but u r way short or in a wheelchair
i woke up thinking it was Sunday...can you call a 'redo' on a day?
Who committed the 1838 Haun's Hill Massacre, where 17 Mormons were slaughtered including the execution of a 10 year old boy?
I see you said what I just said. Stealing my line I see. Biggest pet peeve? When people copy me. Find some originality. Pathetic.
Now spending an hour on an article 4 a golf website on the zone & subconscious-intuition b4 I go out. Will post it up here nxt wk sometime.
As a Packer fan i'm disappointed by Rodgers
Math grade went up
My muses today are JZ Smith and David Bowie.
According to thermodynamics, biting my lip isn't a bad habit, it's basically exercise.
Was it an offer? Maybe it gets lonely wandering the streets dressed like a boy scout in a blue phase…
“: At talk with Dustin Moskovitz.” urbantag in the house.
#LightMasters Number 13 by "The arched opening swirls closed the moment Bo steps inside the massive tree."
how was Murphy's final?>_<
Swim with sharks? Been there, done that.
it's great!! exciting new stuff happening here at the agency. you'll hear more of us!!
Watching horrible bosses lmao funny movie.
are you gonna be having any concerts in little rock any time soon? :-)
It's 2012 and people are still being immature... Keep them squares up out ya circle!
Just returned from the UK. Jobless rate is the headline; Euro-zone unemployment is at 10.8% and grew by 1.5M in the past year
freeresortbeach.info New Post - When I travel to Cuba, I ta.... Read it now at <html> <head><title>410 Gone</title></head> <body bgcolor="
#RyanBraun lifetime Brewer great day in #Brewers history.
Maybe her grandma was legitimately run over by a reindeer, and she's keeping the memory alive, you monster.
Almost time for SEC Football kick off. Get your crate mats bedding or a saddlepack with your favorite team colors. www.dogonwear.com
The extention pack is: So you think you're genius and don't need a designer
Thanks for the follow Scott. Have a great 2012 NCN Season
Again, if you re-tweet someone, and they're not following you, and you have a substantive comment, they won't see it, right?
aren't macs supposed to be easy??
House rule: leave your shoes at the door. What would you do when guest refuse? Is it ok to kick them out?
how do you get a witch pregnant?
RIP Rep. Donald Payne - His legacy included famine relief for #Darfur & billions in foreign aid for treating #HIV/AIDS, TB &
In the mood for sushi!
hard to bring myself to edit photos when the sun is shining so brightly
I wish jada would quit talking to me...
Settling in with new Blackberry 9900 (company provided). Hoping it's better than Torch. Least it weighs less!
That's Cool! :) I Can't Seem To Find Anyothers That Live In Denver. POOWY! Have You Found AnyOther People On Twitter From Au ...
im gonna kill myself if doesnt follow me. lifes not worth it if i can have him.
I am so sleepy>o<
Allen: Sunset review said TDCJ does not track outcomes for re-entry programs, despite $80 million spent.
Damn Karma Is A Bitch smh
Wifi on my flight..I land in about 40 minutes. See you tomorrow
Coco lounge already crunked... Mann holup
Im Singing , Who Knew I Would Be So Great Thoo , with Jah Mya & Mabinty & Nicole & Rachael , I Pep Our Future Career !
lol man im wide awake ha
Didn't get the waterproof pod you wanted for Xmas? No worries, grab it now, we've dropped the price to $137.95!
I love vintage
Wait... I think this some kinda phishing... as now I have one that say my profile's been viewed 166 times! Well... I'm dumb. DOH!
God.I have to preform my monolog right now.watch my stutter.
RT : Today is National Beer Day! On April 7th, 1933, after 14 years of sobriety we were allowed to drink beer again!
wuts GreenHitz? do you mean to follow hot new artists?
you are FALSE!!!!!
Oh, you know it. Also loved Dixieland Delight.
RT RT : RT this if you think the fight against Tea Party/Austerity Governor Scott Walker in Wisconsin is worth it
Actually, Bochy should sit him, and you just impllied Theriot lied about being sick.
GO TO FLYPITTSBURGH.MOBI right now you have a chance of winning $400! Ends next week, GO NOW!
I swear I want that so i gotta ask. do you like me check the box yes [ ] or no [ ]
Damn. I think I entered our bank account info wrong when filing our taxes, so now we have to wait for a check instead of direct deposit.
I want to rock your gypsy soul just like way back in the days of old
What was the second dirty word from Joel Pett? Ideas?
Hello San Francisco.
Yes we do indeed. I'll shoot you an email. BTW in Calistoga this weekend. So insanely beautiful.
“: Want to remind u that the enemy on his best day in 2011 did not take you out on your worst day! YOU ARE STILL HERE!” AMEN.
it's cool, bring it! Extra small aint shit. Besides, I got red rocket on my team 8=========D
come to boston, the both of you.
Okay, I want a boyfriend. That is all.
At this party..
its the emerald city of course!
lol breath (x are you going to see them again ? (:
this may be offensive bro.lol
Remember, thank, salute, hug, text, call, email, smile at a Veteran 2day. Happy Veteran's Day & thanks 2 the brave folks that keep us safe!
Where is Gus Johnson when you need him for VCU/Wichita St game?
Don't let the bad weather outside dampen your mood! Munch on some medicated Trail Mix and stay lifted all day!
at #RPM in Vegas tonight!
's daughter knows the score: "I'm all worn out from dealing with stubborn people all day--including myself."
I'll be around at some point in the summer. sup?
Oversees markets are pointing to a rise in our stock market tomorrow......expect a quick rally in the morning but..... fb.me/16aRohjca
- said lawyerly! I feel affirmed. LOL
Not fair that #JoeBonamassa and #Widespread Panic are playing across Hennepin Ave. at the same time tonight in
Lucky u! U must be off this week?
I'll call him tomorrow if there is a way to get a hold of him. This will be...epic. I'll get it done.
Lmao oh snap! @ pretty_kia dang! that sucks ya'll would have been cute.
Sleepy girl
ways.. Its really complicated... Oh and i gotta tlk to u bout radio...
that reminds me of FDR's "there is nothing to fear but fear itself".
“: Glenn Stanton, Focus On The Family, says #civilunions bill "takes us in the wrong direction." #coleg”
Shout out to !!! Thanks for follwing!
RT : sounds like really weak mid management #realwplearn <You got it! Frustrating.
Monday, Dec. 5: Two Hour Delay. No early a.m. care. Toddler & Primary starts 10:30, Elementary 10:15.
I just want the baddest bitch in the world right here on my lap lol
Leaving fashion show at Marquee
LOOK! A space shuttle!
rowdier than best beleeethat
I look terrible going to work...I liked being called in. But not such short notice
I have my wedding all planned out, I just need a groom.
Oh wait, it's an entire month...
Jesus has paid the price. Yes, even for THAT too. Take Him at His word! Continue to confess The Word regardless of what it looks like.
was it her head she shaved l like the guys or her legs? Shame
Downey's bowtie is moving! Unlike this sketch.
Welcome to the congregation Richard Sands!
Just saw you're reading DROOD. Will await your thoughts with interest. :-)
Asked students to apply course material to a hypothetical business decision. Now I weep for American businesses.
didn't see them at sound exchange and didn't look too long at sig's. Give sig's a call. There was still a line at cactus.
I routinely make the mistake of thinking I can just watch a couple minutes of Shawshank Redemption :)
First day of fall! 85 degrees!!! Beautiful day! ENJOY
Do you think the FG Kicker for the Baltimore Ravens that Missed the FG at the end of "AFC Championship Game" be replaced?
Outta sight but never outta mind..
Tired of paying bills,ready go live n a shelter..
SEO NEWS: Penguins, Pandas, and Panic at the Zoo
Love the new avatar pretty lady :)
Hear that sound? It's the Cats, coming for you.
Need someone thats nocturnal like me to text at wee hours of the night, like now :-\
Just touched down in lovely Lynchburg, VA, where Romney will deliver the commencement speech at evangelical Liberty University on Saturday.
Smh girls girls girls
Not a big Foster's drinker. Are you?
Flipped over to NESN just in time to see Nick Punto ground into a double play with 2-men on.
I wouldn't care if a nigga said he had a thousand dollars for me...
yeah you could be talking to me at 1am that's horrible
Maria hates us
Awww, thanks Ms. Joyce! :)
RT “: RT : I'm telling you... "don't fuck w me mayne" <-- (Tony Montana voice)<---Hahaha your a fool”
in case you wanted an update: i just shipped 7 boxes to colorado so my life is no longer an utterly disorganized mess!
much of what makes life unpleasant is your worry that you’re missing out on something more enjoyable.
Modify the GTS, grab 'em by the head from behind and pull them down on your planted knee. You can call it ICT: It's Concussion Time.
I followed 433 persons but I have only 15 followers.That's heartless!
Lord forgive me if I'm losing faith...
It is funny how you move things around to make maybe a more interesting story. I just want to shout "NO that's not how it went!"
Hello! Hello from GreenRope!
:) Followed ya! xx
: Wishing you a safe flight! God bless. xo
RT : our editor in chief was a judge for the Misd India & had a lovely experience. congrats to Neetu Gupta!
that's very pinteresting.
#ConfessionNight I miss u but u will never knw how I feel about u
#artslegacy #rochmn at Arts Advocacy Day at the State Capital. I didn't realize their was a rouser song written for this day.
Alls signed up for the Community Fitness challenge! Who's joining me?!
The game isn't easy. The game isn't fair. The choices are show up and win big, or stop playing and go home.
RT " Take this trip to Oakland baby, trust & believe it's a ONE way"
missed it last night (bummer!) Had to go to sleep early to catch a 7am flight home so I didn't get to see game.
We looked at your site as a nice visual alternative to the seldom-read "thanks for visiting my site!" homepage welcome fluff.
is my darlin
I Have SO Many Fav Songs. LLS
That "imghettobarbie" girl showin her tities to everybody on twitter..lets pray for her
Right - we don't really have the density to have a system that is quite as user friendly into the county, but it's not bad in the
MLB: Guillen to return to Miami for Castro apology Marlins manager Ozzie Guillen, facing criticism over comments published last week in
Thanks , , , and for donating to our (very tasty) #100bowls auction in May!
I did! It felt like someone tapping me on the shoulder from the inside out.
Did you know? The city of Kaplan is referred to as "The Most Cajun place on earth".
I like how my women's studies prof is obsessed with talkin bout sex...not!
Love Kiawah. Have fun!
Look out for a new app launched today that will be mentioned in an article!
#computernerd01 !!! YOU'RE WELCOME JOSH HAHA
Thanks very much for the
Didn't beer club have a field trip there?
keep your pimp hand strong
A rainy weekend in South Beach but a great day to sit in the house and listen to music!
Thanks for being so accessible. Would more PT for Angerer entail a shift back to the strong side for Session?
yeah really i wake at 2pm or 1pm :P
Im Done With Oomf . He LowKey Pissed Me Off .
Facebook bought Instagram. Fantastic.
Of course we lose out on Ladarius Green
Who want some ?
great!!!thank u much!!if we can make 6M+votes for kca pretty sure we can make xfactorusa tweeter acct flooded w/ tweets for cha
Do you have a help page on how to customize the primary portal on ? & I can't find one that details it
Dancin Donald Driver
of course!
#followmedylan Please follow me!
A1 I enjoyed reading how the sheer environment of NYC alone inspired him (David Byrne) so much. Place can be so integral.
who got the most airtime on the #scdebate? I know who it wasn't!
probably because they have yet to find a bug-free camping area with hotel-like amenities.
please enable app support for my Samsung Galaxy Tab 10.1 and HTC EVO Shift. Thank you.
hahahah ya girl!! P.s can we have a life update soon!? Lol
And now allergies are kicking in. Makes for longer day. Hate dfw
End the week with a slushy margarita and some gravy cheese fries! Late Night Happy Hour is from 10:00-11:00PM!
New Open Graph allows for new kinds of apps and perpetual, frictionless sharing to FB
If you are pregnant, please consult your physician before trying aromatherapy and using essential oils.
Hope u dig the tunes and the video. Please help us spread the word. We gotta find these guys! Best & success.
i dont want money but thanks though
actually, you know, that is a pinwheel in the garden, blown by the wind, and only appears still for an instant in the photo
Drinking in dc wishing I was in morgantown #wvu let's go mountaineers!!!
No lights in the city of highland park >.< #scary !!!
great tweets lately! ;)
I love my baby from <f0><U+009F><U+0087><U+00B7><f0><U+009F><U+0087><U+00BA><f0><U+009F><U+0087><U+00AE><f0><U+009F><U+0087><U+00B9> to <f0><U+009F><U+0097><U+00BD>to <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+0083> times a zillion to the power of 18 times <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B0> to the square root of 36 times more!<U+2764>
Congrats to your sister and boyfriend! I ran that race last year and cried. It was my worst pace ever ever. Sand = devil.
why what did i do
1st time to browse #pinterest this week. Relaxing.
What do u do when a child knows she or he has a dad out there & they r always talking & asking question. What do u do?
I M recovered from a VERY BUSY a.m. Helped 2 marketing clients B4 7 a.m. then off 2 affect city policy re: indie biz ~3 hrs. Back 2 WAN now!
Favorite morning combo? Banana bread and a triple venti vanilla latte
i'm bout to start singing If You Want To around my house!! !!!
Thanks for everything! You are the best ;)
Oh yeah (:
I'm I not one of your friends? Lol
The nice part about being a pessimist is that you are constantly being either proven right or pleasantly surprised. -George Will
Nice dog walk day
Shout out to my boi Eric great chat yesterday. Blessed.
Im rooting for you <3 I really hope you win was voting on all my accounts , your an inspiration . You deserve this . (:
So happy to be here, but filming a presenter with your ipad is not cool.
Today is going to be a great day!
- Welcome! Would love to see your show someday! Thanks for following! Robin Lynch Aerialist
thanks! and thanks to and their readers for making our first year so wonderful!
idk what I'm gonna be doing yet haha just good to get away.
How much does a beer cost there?
just pet the furry wallpaper if that happens...couldn't resist lol.
If only was aged in barrels, someone could brew Malort barrel-aged beer.
no work getting done right now...our newsroom can't turn away from this episode of Dr. Oz
just getting you back ;)
What are you plans after graduation? Pure is interviewing.
I saw you today!!! And, there is more OJ in the office, in a box. with OJ in it. Marked OJ. It's the one with OJ inside.
we had runts too! everyone just liked the bananas.
Happy first day of spring and happy #Nowruz (a.k.a. the "Persian New Year")!
What kind of jobs? Do u see this effecting production+distribution? Does it open the US mkt to new apparell producers?
IF WE GIVE A LITTLE LOVE MAYBE WE CAN CHANGE THE WORLD! :]
yes. Thank u!
that's a really good analogy + a really funny movie.
You're looking at him.
Dayumm straight #march25 RT : RT:“: All #Aries are born bad to the bone.”
I wish the could hear us cheering for them here.
Let's get these trending - are you #teamlauren or #teamscotty?
Amen sister! Talk very soon as we enjoy each others journey He has put before us!
: Dig yo style. MT Updated data series on Aging. MN median age=37.4. Much wiser than young & foolish US population (mdn age 37.2)
Teachers ruin summer break by giving us work >:O
what video? RT : Just watched a video that chopped and screwed my entire thought pattern.
Thats what it Is...
A grenade thrown into a kitchen in France would result in Linoleum Blownapart.
hahahaha great find bro
#upgradeyourtimeline his energy kinetic straight from the roots gorilla tranquilizer
Indeed. RT : Johnny Cueto, you are a delight. I like you and your throwing is good, REAL good. go reds
RT : unpacking from #PHC2011. Hundreds of follow up appointments for medical, vision, employment happening with our partners!
Congrats to everyone who graduated today!
damn its like that?
366,000 people filed an initial unemployment claim last week, and the national unemployment rate is 12%. Damn.
I always go with my gut.
To be absolutely certain about something, one must know everything or nothing about it - Henry Kissinger
totally agree! RT : The C-Suite has gone Tablet!
I haven't watched it yet!
Losing Faith opening tonight, see you at Center Space!
amazing!! I love it: will you be my valentine?
I want JOSE HER-Nadez
About to see my little sister's band play!
Thx for the information! I had my first MS library experience visiting WWMS. Let me know if you hear more. UR the best.
Our NM community keeps growing...Many thanks to all of you for your support. We couldn't do it without you!
Thanks for following! I look forward to some bulldawg tweets!
dm me your #
looks awesome!!
Dudes tossing tees in the club box next to us. If we had pompoms it'd be another story.
#SportsSunday NFL games, #NCState bball and now golf on Haven't left the couch since 1, no end in sight...
Thanks for following - I look forward to many interesting tweets! Thomas
Probably shouldn't still be awake if my alarm is set for 5:15 am, huh?
unconventional archive use FTW RT RT Using the Library of Congress archives to see Frost handwriting for my next tattoo..
Wondering what to make my burning effigy of McGinn out of for May 1. Which burns brighter: papier-mâché, cardboard, or straw-stuffed pillow?
You got lucky. A lot of people wouldn't return that shit.
I read that today. Can't believe it, oh wait, yes I can.
Awkward talks with my dad <<<<
I can't wait until friday
Praveen Madan: "Bookstores have no great technology partners." Can DPLA be the first?
Just watched the secret Circle. Faye is my favorite so far. Her mom and Diana's Dad killed Cassie's mom
Talking to two 20 year olds is like talking to a wall.
making a taco pie. yes, it is as delicious and nutritionally deficient as it sounds.
Wonder what the chances are that I can convince Mrs. Werner that Sobelmann's would be a grand idea this evening?
Very cool. Looking forward to meeting him.
Bellator Signs World's Top Welterweight Prospect Andrey Koreshkov
whoohoo best of luck fundraising! i lost someone to lupus too
im done here lol .. i suppose to be in the shower. Bye
Just one more wafer thin mint?
You also don't hear "Sconnie" a lot but we'll let it slide. RT : Actually, coastie broadcaster, "WESconsin" doesn't exist.
I say wtf to no Oxford comma. "I'd like to thank my parents, Oprah and Jesus."
TX! U 2! RT Happy #FF some great mom resources!
cant wait to see spank that ass
I read that as 1989 and was expecting a photo of Patty Smyth.
yea as a guy from milwaukee and loves the brewers. Ur cubs suck and always will. Whos leading the central the brew crew
ahahah! small world!
lse tries to light that fire under you, chances are it will burn very briefly. Stephen R. Covey
Would you please consider deleting the tweet that mentions Medina Days? It is a private event. Thank you!
Sweet tea is the only thing that gets me through the day.
I'll let you know
What do you want to postpone?
so boredd. no food at mi house. grrrr
Where is Northern Mariana anyway?
Looking forward to tomorrow's big egg drop-off with & -- May is National #Egg Month!
yeah Ik!!! He's making wrong decisions
Bad part about this shit is that with all of these clothes I'm overheating cool.
TONIGHT, Mr. Patrick Duffy and Ms. Benna Douglas invite you to the launch of "The Boutique" -TO SUPPORT JAPAN- (5-11pm) at BES!!!
ambivalence = "both valences". When you have positive and negative feelings toward the same object. (via wikipedia)
|UWD Events| fully promoting &&' supporting...!!'(:
Get over it! You lost!
Little game will take over Omaha w/ new bats and new park..gives West Coast baseball a chance to make quick recovery..
we would love to get Matt Jones out to one of the Michigan games to show him the midnight madness. Shouts out!
Not a lot of scoring going on in baseball today. 1 run in four games happening now? Did everyone leave their bats in Spring Training?
Of all the people in the world to meet how cool would it be to meet David Mame'ts mother?
Manhole missing in the middle of the street of the 15000 block of East Arkansas. City trucks en route.
People sometimes ask me: Sox or Cubs? A dead ex-mayor never tells.
hahahah...that made me laugh.
you love me more though, (;
Subaru? no I have a Honda Civic.
RT : Mailed my YES vote today! --> You ROCK!
Cool! Thanks!
go giants baby! The better team with more drive won the game! back to the drawing board for the pack! Eli going back to the super bowl
Three Words....Kogan Is Real
okay you really need to do a seminar with our people & teach that a deal can be negotiated! love barbara, but not good!
tortoise! :P Yeaah. I think is my favorite day of the year.
LOL. Can't remember what I said yes back in oz. Be back in La soon. How you going?
I'm still hungry
Don't forget this applies to healthcare too.
Just had THE BEST Grilled Chicken Sand from in EG! Amaz...
Does anybody here want Johnny Ace Fired from ? I know I do #BringVinceBack or
Man ny giants. Comgrats
Doubles: move doubles around the drums. Split them between toms & snare. Figure out how to fluidly graze off them for speed.
Fix a Groggy PC from Sleep Mode - PCWorld pcworld.com/article/213821… via
dude!!!! I kinda wanna punch that man a lot!
Just finished retwistin these dreads... Shit my arms hurt....
Determined to get on Twitter more.
Fanny pack season! RT ": It's tourist central! / Springtime in the capital / Bring your fanny pack. #dc #haiku"
for sure, i will find out. it's bizarre.
Me to - it really makes you think. Glad you like it!
I bet #Playboy is so pissed that they paid 1 mill for those pathetic pics. I don't know why you must be a total loser.
so glad you liked it! We think he's great!
saw your lovely book at Big John's PFI last week. Scooped up copy! Congratulations (again), Beauty!
It looks like Europe is getting the short end of the stick for winter weather. CNN has photo of the Roman coliseum covered with snow
RT if you go to RSMS
:) I wish we could do a duet, but we live in different states!
Why do we still use a floppy disk to represent save??? That’s so 1991…
I'd rather go to Brazil than/then Taco Bell.
I guess i never really contemplated skin-colored yoga pants, but okay. They make you look naked from the waist down though...
enjoy your hot dogs
Waited anxiously to see Don 2!And sure it will achieve great success !Good luck!!
okay, you and your back have gone to far...
Katherine Dunham was an anthropologist, studying social science dealing with the origins, physical and cultural development, biological...
thank you for the follow, great job, carry on
Don't apologize. I hate when friends just say "oh that's good" because we are friends.
The wife and I are watching you on FOX. Why do you always look so angry?
Had a bunch of books to drop off at the thrift store. Then I saw one of them was a signed first edition. Now to figure out if it's worth $$
Bron has built up a lot of hype for tonight. And for next season. One thing about The King though is he has always lived up to it.
this is true
Wow, the podcast just outted has the ME on his bucket list.
I think gonna trending #1 WorldWide because of
Hope you enjoyed Alice! TWB is excited for your wp next month in #Noche Latina!
Lmfao. Craigslist tho. RT": It's Hard Finding True Love on Craigslist..."
SCT Study Away Programs now on Twitter! London Spring deadline is Oct. 1st.
RT : GOP primary calendar seems to favor Romney until Super Tuesday; Newt should do well in Southern contests in March
Wisdom comes from experience. Experience is often a result of lack of wisdom. - Terry Pratchett
Learning the game one day more and more each day. Very proud of our guys effort last night at Weber St. Headed in the right direction.
To think I trusted you
Thanking the Lord because I have today off from work so I get to watch the semi final games.
Doing cool things like taking photos with tomorrow. Because we do cool things.
need a swag pack brah!
prices reduced drastically on www.kandizone.com
You are very kind, Shannon. The feeling is mutual!
I will send u pics
you good fellows, I am now dead!
Latest Follwers: Thank you!
Yea it was Live
Good find by there.
appreciate the #ff luv! have a fantastic weekend, my dear! :D
oh I guess that would explain it. Lol
Easy Mac might be the only thing I can eat hungover..
your such a strong girl for having to go through all that<U+2665>
Sometimes you just mess things up for yourself...
Just saw Herman Yu the other day. She's so nice & talented . Her studio is just how you'd imagine it: Ultra-beautiful & chic
Hate when dudes approach me and call me " Lil Mama or Shawty" >_< tf..
Calling all community organizations & schools looking to raise funds. We have a simple and easy recycling fundraiser program 404.629.5200
tough day, mind is broken or something, hope I snap out of this funk soon.
In the studio finishing new song
but I do agree that LAL got shafted on the whole CP3 thing. That was bullshit.
I think I'm ready to give up on u.
really I wanna join ya it sounds fun:)
it's sad when your a girl and you can talk to someone about the zombie apocalypse for hours
GM tweeties work flow. #sn I hope I can get some writing done today
Of course I have heard of Malaysia. But I have never been there. I should not have assumed you were from Egypt. I apologize.
With our Detroit Group Tickets we have 6 tickets to either Phi at Det - Friday or Chi at Det - Sunday. Let me know if you want them
I am new to Twitter and Philosophy. But I'm ready to change the world. If you're willing to help me please contact me!
Ugh, it's horrible, but she handled everything with such grace.
I'm back, wrote not long since. I promise to write 10 tweets, I think.
thank you :)<3
you two are crazy buying you both that bumpersticker
that'll wake you up! Lol
Just ran into Libby in Ctrl Park a month ago. Hadn't seen her in 12+ yrs. Lost touch w/ Justin. Still see Matt Shine 2-3x/year.
Good morning! :)
a while
just because a person got alot of money don't mean their happy
chin up,
some good points here. yes small funds perform better and this is an area where VC and LP interests are unaligned.
Opening day at Petco Park...Go Padres!
By 1999 there were only 3 countries that counted as democracies in #Africa. But today there are 23 using the same measurements.
That sad moment when doesn't invite you to his dance parties in miss Llanes' class :(
Let us be grateful to people who make us happy; they are the charming gardeners who make our souls blossom. -- Marcel Proust
Sent you a message. Let us know if you have any questions :)
And for being amazing while he was in school! MT : Congrats Shareef Abdur-Rahim on finishing his degree at Cal.
I think things will be pretty interesting this season. Nice Social experiment.
“: I want someone who I can trust 100%.” trust me gorgeous!
RT Romney said it wasn't worth moving heaven and earth to get bin Laden... I'm guessing Romney never saw bin Laden's hair cut
Is it a CMS? I thought for a minute that the menus were printed on papyrus!
An email today will announcement that we are not continuing the run because of low participation and fundraising levels. :(
That makes 3 straight 4th quarter collapses. Dream Team on paper, Shit Team on the field. Get it together #Eagles!!
I saw you across the way in your amazing seat!! Did a lot of people show for the pic?
I just finished your book last night. I laughed, I cried. Nice work!
thank you .. and do you travel?
VIDEO FOR AUSTIN!! Send me a pic of you holding a paper that say 'I love Austin' or 'Mahomies love you' or something like that (:
Playin in a golf scramble at pickwick. :)
How ironic would it be if #Peyton signs with the #Broncos today and crushes Tebow's dreams on 3:16...
well, like if you put it in tea or yogurt... bc certain fruit you can't get easily fresh..
March 26th! Mastrella's Birthday Bash with The Imaginary Band! Classic Rock including our tribute to Fleetwood Mac! Dance~Drink ~Be Merry!
AND there is already a Cornerstone Alum at Mizzou - Claire Horton!
is killing Piers tonight on cnn...The lesson on journalism...great TV
goodnight world :)) sweet sweet dreams :))
Those weren't eyes!!!!
did u go to his web page. check him out. nice ????lol
U.S. Stocks closed near their best level in thin trading, #SP500 rallying to 1,400, on hopes for further stimulus from the Federal Reserve.
There's somethin bout a truck
Britain and Gaddafi ran al-Qaeda trap in Europe
want some Black Thunder? Join me in
Yea! Congratulations to you both!
Thanks! Pub date is toward the end of April.
We want a debate!
LOL! you surely won't get the high CAPE you want HERE!!! :D It's your season right now in the south!
There are days like this when I absolutely hate being a girl
I hate waiting for something that isn't going to happen</3 I miss our talks & when we use to hang out at 2 in the morning)';
people dont understand that. keep grinding. #salute. follow back
blame her she told me every thing i know .......
Do we need to chat my lady??
Totally won that trade.
Enrolling in all American Express offers:
RT I won't be impressed with #technology until I can download food
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D> lol not at all but if I am I'd rather not know about it.
Hahaha are you serious?! There's no way that was a real conversation
Going in to do some vocal production on the great Chaz Mckinney today at the Parlor... sweet!
It's good!! WIN!!! Gotta love them #DallasCowboys!!!!
- that was NOT an apology. I hope he loses all of his sponsors.
Drinking some Budweiser American Ale, good stuff
Allo Michelle! Was so great to have met & chatted w/u @ the Alchemy Conf. last mo. Will b in touch abt my show soon! Abientot
Lisa Brissey Ellenberg-teacher, mentor, friend. Creative & collaborative. she inspires children & her community
Fuck.hangin out with a hot high schooler.but hes flirting with my friend.
Slept way longer than I wanted too<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0093>
"Just because you have a past doesn't mean that you have no future!" ~Gee in his interview re: Mass Incarceration.
R.I.P. Whitney Houston. The most powerful female voice of her time.
no I haventtt and I know that because it came out of my own mouth so shutup yo.. do I say comment on your tweets? No.
love it!
hey, i love you. and i thought you should know that your amazing and im so lucky to have you. okay bye babe.<3
attached to your camera :D
I’ve just added Karl Lagerfeld to my hero list! Pick up today’s Metro and read his interview to find out why!
hahah you are my inspiration.
Oak Harbor- Where did this wind come from...
miss you !
I fucked up pretty good over the past 2 weeks. No job and drank myself to aa, lost my job prior to aa. Can't wait 4 summer and tour
Like, when the hostess called out name, they said it was them EVEN THOUGH I WAS RIGHT THERE.
WV is gathering ideas for classroom tchers to get studnts moving in short bursts in their classrooms thought out the day
i'm getting chachimommas right now okay
"When you want to succeed as bad as you want to breath, then you will be successful"
Last weekend I had to pay my niece $1 for every time I said apparently. Apparently it's my favorite word, cus I owed her $12
I told my mom & she started laughing. :D ITS CALLED URDU.
Just kinda obsessed with GIF Boom <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Thanks for coming out!!
a boy will tell you he loves you, but a man will show it.
Congrats to Anthony LaPanta for being named new play by play man for Minnesota Wild.
Having served in the Ford & W administrations--you know, the really successful ones--it's cute Rumsfeld thinks his opinions matter.
#DGquestion. Send them in (;
spring break 2012 is BOOKED. i'll be hanging with mickey mouse, harry potter and in orlando, fla.
I love Mizzou and especially the convergence dept. Thank you to & for everything.
Enormous shale gas supply + warmer winters would be bad news for the industry. Would need a lot of new CAPEX for export terminals...
It's good to have holiday traditions. :) You have a great holiday! :)
Just chilling at Laguardia, ready to be home! But this was one of the best weeks of my life! And by far the best college class ever!
Chris Forsberg from ESPN Boston is up next to talk Olympics and the Celtics
Have had several conversations at #asecs12 about how graduate students are better served doing conference reviews rather than book reviews.
Show on Sunday the 11th at Elizabeth Bingo Hall! Tickets are only $3! Hit me up for tickets!
Twitter - come celebrate our 1 year anniversary Tues May 8 at , from 6-9 pm. Free pie! Bring your friends!
needs a big ol' hug!
"You eat in order to live you do not live in order to eat." Bullshit. I live in order to eat.
Thanks for the tw-love! #Bean-Tastic!
Great post. I loved South Riding also! Will try North & South next, based on your rec.
Perfect Mantra RT : "Our real blessings often appear to us in the shape of pains, losses and disappointments." - Joseph Addison
Don't forget the ones who have been there from the start; (:
Anyone have any tasty toffee chip recipes they'd like to share?
methionine restriction (hmm.. which would make it the opposite of HDAC inhibitors like say valproate?..accelerated aging?)
Works for cookies too.
#cgxemerge good to see Apple Graphics "gets it" when it comes to QR Codes!
very wise, Dan. GAS can be a slippery slope. I try to keep only one camera for each format I use.
#newbeatport should send me an invite for their beta release 'cuz I'm a web designer and DUbStep lover.
Well things might be looking up after all
Why is it so hot
What I need, is you right by my side.
Is it me, or does this seems like an afternoon of endless software upgrades?
you should come out!!
Thank you for your kind words
Some people seriously make me wonder...-_-
"Hey you got your strategies in my objectives!" Day 2 of strategic planning kicks off soon with
Madison police have concerns about pro-Walker demonstrators coming to Capitol tomorrow as crowds of protesters swell: Joel DeSpain
Happy Easter everyone!
Yeah, :/ But, it's cool. Ya know, #hatersaremotivators But thanks <3 You too!
I love that boy... Ha! Xoxo
Making my mom buy me pistachios because of lolol
Yes German & Black :o)
a las 8 de la noche
The fourth member of theparty, Michael Dennin, contributed his Irish wit to the gayety of thecabin
Love can be so Cruel
Auntie Em! Toto! It's a twister! It's a twister!
If u want a different year than u had last year than u have to do something different!! we are approaching the halfway mark, how's ur life?
Merry Christmas. Happy birthday Jesus!
Live fast. Die pretty
Stuck at the gas station...credit cards aren't working already.
Got someone to take the old TV. Don't ask how we're going to move it, but a taker is a good thing.
Have you ever felt lonely in a crowded room?
Yup. Wrong place to vent for sure. #MediaTraining RT : I don't doubt Forte is angry, but whining about it on Twitter is lame.
Ball of confusion...
« Hey DWade, the game started an hour ago. No big deal, it's just the playoffs.»
America, your home is the next best retirement plan next to your piggy bank. The Housing market needs to be revived and am the candidate
my childhood hasn't ended.
where you going?
not true yo the day the earth is done is the day u die # im just saying!... :P
Cant wait 2 show u:) RT : Moschino, Anne Fontaine, Roger Vivier...I have, I wonder what has in store for me today?
Happy to be here bro!
Just thoughts of the future n caught chills
maybe if you're nicer this time
Moving day today Bye bye Brooklyn it's been fun I'll miss you often
i like how Mary and Hayley think im dumber then a rock but i smart.
"Cenosillicaphobia" is the fear of an empty glass. Stick with us and you'll never have to face that fear again!
sup love
Happy Cinco de Mayo everyone!!
Day Two of fashion shoot complete! Shout Outs to staff & models!
Montgomery has a shop that makes FRESH CHOCOLATE & candy daily on a conveyor belt: Robinson's FineCandies YUM!
Well you tell him to bring me some of that food when he comes back to my house
I think I heard him saying "oh no, she's the one who cries at work...who cries at work?"
The water pressure in my house is back down from 180 PSI to 65 PSI, and everything works so much better...
why in the world am i loosing followers?!
HTC Rezound to get long-awaited update ICS update on May 9th? - Technology Bloom News
This girl is trying to tell ME crap about ! She doesnt even know them! I'm am officially #Pissed!
Whoohoo!! Good luck then!
“: excited to be a part of this amazing event this weekend! #yogalove” Soo jealous!! <3
oh they are so lush!
Making our bananas foster at RL
Many people call on board to use $30 million in reserves
that's a good thing ;)
Good morning world. We play with VerseCity September 10th at Stereo Live and we have presale tickets that are only $10. Hit us up if you...
First rite of Spring ... extreme sculpt by - bring it!
well we gotta hang =)
Thanks for putting me on to Liberty Creek red wine!
finishing final revisions with pkatch and josh, prerelease viewing at the end of this week
are talkwheel and twitwheel related? I'm confused now.
: #foodiechats See you May 7th? P.S. Leave salmon at home.
Yes probably!!
They have like something called Paintbrush but it's not as good as paint even tho paint isn't amazing but there are more
Im all 4 expanding rights and responsibilities to everybody, but not under false pretense!!!!
I didn't WANT A FREE TRIAL SPOTIFY
I saw your message the next day- sorry for the late reply!
its cuz you're a #BadBitchNoMuzzle! ;oP
Public session Easter Sunday 1:30 to 5:30pm. Come, bring the family and cool off!
that is what I hear, going to try
A bus station is where a bus stops. A train station is where a train stops. On my desk, I have a work station... e_e
You have to check out by 11am or else it charges you for the next day.
I'm too distracted keepin an eye out for him in the audience.
I didn't miss dinner!
of course the album is probably awesome, I haven't given it a fair chance at all yet. Just keep thinking about Queen Latifah
>:D us the face I have right now
Sorry Eric. Not sure why Chicago doesn't have an Insider page.
Just finished Tony Hillerman's "Sacred Clowns". Fantastic book -- He was a great writer, may he rest in peace! Still have 2 on the shelf...
May I please get a Birthday tweet from you and the guys??
I'm so stoked for the SLEIGH BELLS show, Friday! :) #cannotwait #epic If anyone else will be there, let me know! :)
hahahaha! Much appreciated bro!
ready to head off to Germany to meet the Parents again! I love saying that!!
Over the next two years, we will be allocating $200,000 in menu funding to Bell, Coonley, Waters and Courtenay Schools as part of GROW47
our words will not change/if we persist to believe in them
It's a "sweat pants, hair tied, chillin' with no make up on" kind of day.
Rule #1 Never let anyone distract you from accomplishing your dreams. Rule #2 Never forget rule
Jim + pam in the office = so cute.
it's like i checked into rehab & you're my disease .
My 3,000th tweet! #Shoutout to my mom. Mom: I love you. #momsrock RT if your mom rocks, too!
super excited!!! :)
whats so funny
hola!!! Your mad and happy to hear from me I see <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Today, I almost amputated my hand trying to put the top on an exhibit case.
L.a fitness time.. Boy do I need to get a good workout
As we get older and more mature, we don't lose our friends. We just realize which ones are better friends than others.
yes, but only if you don't remake our relationship so that you can knock up the bagger from the local supermarket.
that is all for my social networking, im still on my come up.
watching Doug Long of IMS Health US #pharma trends at #sla pharma & heath tech division
Wish you all Happy Diwali
Tuh straight nasty and homo monica
Got exactly what I was looking for down in west elm!
When you moving to the Chi?
TMA+Peritus Blog: That crowd you’re ignoring? They’re a missed opportunity. - by Michelle Rothmeyer for
Phthalates May Double Diabetes Risk
He's so cute that it makes my face hurt from grinning.
tonight was a great night I throw a brithday party for my girlfriend ..it went great happy brithday baby I love you..
it is lonely in the dark
If I had three wishes .. 1) Start fresh in a different place . 2) New Friends . 3) 100 more wishes .
"The photovoltaic process converts the sun's power into #electricity, using #Solar cells."
Haha I was joking. Larish was A 3b phils had last year, prev. w/ Detroit
If you can stand soul crushing ridicule and utter humiliation, I think its a fabulous idea...
I love you sugar!
From : PLEASE help between 5 and 6 and match my challenge grant! Please RT.
Amen sister. If I didn't like what I was doing, ohmygoodness.
Bizarre dream that helicopter was hovering looking for people walking through snow, very James Bond like.
wow is that how I feelin right now?? I'm flattered!
#PACKERS WIN!, #PACKERS WIN!, #PACKERS WIN!, #PACKERS WIN!, #PACKERS WIN!, #PACKERS WIN!, #PACKERS WIN!, #PACKERS WIN!,
follow me now
fact RT : When a Guy says he's tryna be your friend and see what's up wit you.. Clearly that's a fuckin Lie!!”
Random thing that made me smile
bye ladies .. see yah later .. :) corbin
It was a good game eh? The wings will get 'em in game seven ya know, lol!
Nearly every man can be treated for ED. Solutions include oral medications, injectables, implants. Talk to a urologist.
Who is the scariest musician ever?
Not a bad day here in the KC City Market area. Good day for coffee & talking shop with the locals.
Hmm...80 degrees tomorrow. Wonder how the client will react if I show up in shorts? Probably not wise to find out.
They must be on drugs
Good luck tonight! Score lots of goals send Colorado home with a loss!
that fake nails make my ass tremble ;O ahaha
Ma knees, dey hurt.
Hangin with kiddos at
Best working music ever "Massive Attack" radio on Pandora. Never gets in the way, but keeps you moving
how about Edinburgh?
Gotta wait til tomorrow to get the tickets i dont kno the promotional code
Done. Just bought it for my Kindle. If it's THAT good, I think I'll wait until tomorrow's commute to read it. :)
ahaha tomorrow gonna upload the pics of my webcam with my bff at tinychat haha what a funny and perfect moment at tinychat
I think it must be cupcake season. Another cupcake special order this week.
he said he wants me "on his hip" when he's shopping for furniture for his place :) is it march yet?!?!?!
Playoff basketball >
Y NO DOCUMENTRY IN US. #usgirlproblems. But aw!<3
Happy Passover and Easter to all! It's the season of growth for all of us. Take advantage of all of it's offerings.
Matt read an article on Twitter.
Everyone at wishes you a safe and happy Labor Day weekend. Let the weather be perfect!!!
It's almost over for you? The worst part? It lasts for forever!
Back at work after an epic end-of-summer adventure and it kind of feels like the first day of school. #wheresmyfivestarbinder?
Great job today...love the show! My only issue is that needs to own the medicine he dishes out daily!
#TaughtsAtWalmart daammnnn did you see her ass omg let me fb a booty alert and check in at wallie world :-)
": We need to keep college affordable if we want our students to be able to compete in the new economy #DontDoubleMyRate"
I use to love the taste I would do anything for it , now I would do anything to get the taste out of my mouth
Your imagination is the preview to life's coming attractions -Albert Einstein
Any business out there that wants to sponsor a Italian dance documentary? Visit www.allegrodancecompany.net give us a call!
The morning after the worst night of your life <
Relaxing, watching out and pigging out on junk good =)
Jared Crosby gets the bucket and the foul for Lakes. House returns to game with Hightower trailing by 9.
My mom & Stepdad went to see new Edition tonight .. they should have took my ass !
#AdamOnIdol That look!
New rule, : You can't keep shattering box office records while claiming you need to censor the Internet to save your business.
Going to the #mccgala tonight! So excited!
Someone let me come over or something
Where should I be right now?
Looking for a copier? We have one for sale, and it's cheap too! For more information, email
where is she?
#howrace We are all winners when we are all How
In order to get revenge act like you don't care and watch your haters fade
As a business owner your goal is to replace yourself with systems. It's the only way to build an excellent company.
You know, that's my nice side!
Oh I love it when you scream my name, going sixty in the 3rd lane
Did y'all know they're making a prequel to "The Social Network"? It's a horror movie called "Face-To-Face"
he caught it. Hairston interfered.
omg lol. dude i just died laughing
7 Things You’ve Got to Know About the 2011 World Series
The legit/scary moment in cloudburst for P-A's when the sopranos are in 7 parts ALONE>>>
Why is it that I get so sleepy right around this time that I can't keep my eyes open. I want nothing more than to sleep.
You hate Ariana?
Fellas, when having sex doggy style pull her head back as far as it can go.
Tweet tweet
filmed at Barksdale Airforce Base in Bossier City, Louisiana
6% of guys are waiting for the first step of the girls. Idiots
This is a big week for Cougar Athletics! Women's soccer in the 2nd round of the NCAA's and Regents vote on Stadium!
and he has the best tan in chicago
Bad weather today we will stay closed. Ciaao pry about that
From 3-4 pm today, come to the graduate lounge JO 3.930 to meet Film Studies job candidate Rebecca Gordon.
please be a collabo record
visited at Google today for lunch.. I really think I'm meant to work there because of the juicer station they have at their caf
What type of Garmin do you use? I'm currently watch-free (feels like the kid running w/a walkman while everyones iPoding it :)
RT : used to use my old red one, or c what lens on the 5D the price on the red is crazy will get one when I can afford one..
hey thanks for the follow
#Trivia What year did the Superdome open?
Have you been going to open houses? I love going. I wish we lived closer - I would go with you!
Im down wit OBAMA for life but Im wit tha WhiteMan about thiz one issue Im not wit dat MarriedGayShyt fuk dat hell nawl
Made a black russian/colarado bulldog with diet rootbeer instead of coke. Sometimes you just have to work with what you got.
weezy's on bet and i don't have that chanell , fml. :(
Target 8: Mo. Humane Society Director Salary Raises Questions - KOMU-TV
RT : Proud to welcome 5-time #NASCAR Sprint Cup Series Champ to the family. Excited to be his mktg rep
except for cylons probably...
not gonna lie.. sometimes i still talk into fans to hear my robot voice..
shall u plzz go out with me :-D
RT : the announcer thought we finished the show...after scene 3 tonight! Didn't this happen to this winter!? ;-)
Good work by & on Josh Beckett drama. Not sure if I'm ready to give up on him yet. Great coverage, nonetheless.
k i'll call her up. We'll plan something!
I suppose L.I. has it's share of Republicans....but don't ask me why!!! NY in general is a blue state, however! Thankfully!
#WhenIWasLittle my mama use to say dnt rush to be grown. #NowThatImOlder she i bet you wish you were younger.
Hi, Ohio State. You may be able to run & hide repeatedly in football, but there's no avoiding this one - Signed, THE Cincinnati Bearcats
First correct reply wins #Colts prize package. Indy has played 10 road games at Jacksonville entering today. How many have Colts won?
Lovely to see you, Neal. Come back down South more often!
Yeah! 9th circuit court overturns CA Prop 8!
Hillary should just grab Kim Jong-un by the ear and say "don't make me come back here, boy".
oh gosh..im bout to text you cause im gettin in the car now
Roll Call: 3rd member of TEAM NO SLEEP just checked. She is in the other office (F)
Aunt Joy please reply in the email we are trying to book in Jax FL
thank you new followers!
If off to Angels and Demons. Will it be heaven or hell? Sure loved the book!
dance party and a glass of champagne? congrats girl!
No, you're weird. Which, in Shakespearean terms, could be construed as "interesting" or, at the very least, "plot driving."
ohh snaps. I think my mama addicted to chipotle now. lol. she talking bout what time they open I want me a steak bowl with EVERYTHING. lol
Listening to miss world , it's fucking epic beyond words haha
#ThingsThatBotherMe people who can't give directions & people with no sense of direction smh
Yooo, I love your profile pic!!! Lmbo, too funny bro!
I both love and hate film shoots. They're worse than Irish dance competitions for the "hurry up and wait" factor
You said potential couldn't ever last this long
R.I.P. Joey Jimenez. You'll never be forgotten.
Stressed out, tired...Lighten up the day with some hookah tonight with some friends.
nevermind I figured it out lol thanks!
SHOCKER - Torts is bitching to the referee.
Check out our Facebook page.
I am checking in from the twitter app from my desktop, pretty awesome!
That moment you retread the text he sent you cuz you like him so much it makes you smile
Hard to find new #trends in #Poetry out there,here's something--Poststructuralism and the New Humanism byJean-Jacques Thomas & Jeff Loveland
Thanks for the follow DM
Yeah, but those drummers didn't...nah, won't spoil it. You'll be in for a treat (stay for the mid-credits and after-credits scenes)
West Africa & Indonesia are the primary growing regions of robusta beans (coffee) beans.
It's the one week I won't be in DC I'm so sad! I told I think it's a conspiracy!
#SquaredFact Lexii is 5'2 and a half she's short for a high schooler!
Got questions about #nola or #louisiana history? It's #AskArchivists day around the world, and we can help you! (Really, today or any day!)
nope no one has EVER been there! haha
Just finished a shower after a workout... Then getting some awesome Chicago dogs for lunch.
I'd like to hear that too, gotta place to buy it?
Lars - None of the panelists are from Silicon Valley… new trend? Vancouver, Pittsburgh, Boston. Then VCs make them move to SF :)
That's a happy birthday feast if I ever saw one! :) Happy day!
RT : Help us out, what makes you take a chance on a new author/book?
Finally on this twitter ishhhh. This should be a fun way to waste more time... do i gotta hash tag now? lol follow me if you want!
it was really good though idgi Maybe the thumbs down was because the last part of the description
Hey, thanks! Love the Red Balloon, but alas, they don't get it started until 8 p.m.
Thank you for making me listen to "Jessie's Girl" to start my Monday morning.
hey lady
Liking someone and caring about someone are two different things. Just cause I am only your friend doesn't mean I don't care.
I have a project on the Holocaust that I have to do, but I cant include Hitler in it
Love your initiative - please tell me how can we help in
I thought you meant THE Boss, not ... the boss. ;-)
Weekend work 94 Eastbound 35W to 280 has been cancelled due to weather.
So true, if only people would take the time 2 listen! Do u play favorites? Do u have a fav. mug story?
There's that word again... Automagic!
I must ditto every1 else then. You have so much to say that others will learn from. Knowledge is to be shared.
#PlatformBook I'm excited too, Michele. We need to get together soon.
well now you know
Chris Greene Quartet has a show coming up on 01/20/2010 at 07:00 PM @ M Lounge in Chicago, IL
haha! its not nice to make fun f "non skinny" people! :P
I'm having a rough time deciding what I want for dinner tonight chipotle or sushi? What do you guys suggest? Adam
This pie face bucket head bitch is a trip
sure I would love to be on the resource page, blogs & products.
what you doing now? :D
New Shirt GUNS N ROSES SNAKES & SKULL 2011 TOUR TEE ( W. HOLLYWOOD)
It's not about getting customers to click the like button-- it's about getting customers to click with the product. -
something terrible?
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) What kind of donuts do the Boyz like? :DD 29
rudeness is rampant. never acknowledging an apology is height of rudeness. you ask for it and get it and stay silent? rude.
#ThatAwkwardMoment you spill something on your boob
ShopTalk Show RAPIDFIRE 2, sound bite: "If you code it, the skills will come"
Oh good. Glad to help!
Q3b You must be able to boil down your PR story into tweets and short posts for other social media networks
please follow me
Its silly to call Transformers 3 a threat against humanity and cinema, that's giving it too much credit. Yet, how the audience reacted...
Best new artist Bon Iver. #HipHop where ya at?? you still the shit boy!
you might be somewhat lazy, because my three cats start this routine at 3:00 am.
if it makes you feel any better, I hate everyone too
Time to get instagram
WOW. Cady Coleman is talking about catching a Japanese supply ship with a robotic arm from the space station. Human joy!
Uh oh I smell a dub club 20 point blow out comimg...lmao
I'm terribly sorry I cannot watch your gleaming face tonight on #aots because instead I have to study! :(((((
Well this really sucks.
RT - Lol can't wait for Miami dolphins opening day against them pats !!!!! FINS UP <U+E520><U+E404><U+E00E>
#same mistakes .
Live show in 30 minutes--you should be watching! Join The SCoop on TV8 or at www.trojanvision.com!
thanks love;)xxxooo back @ ya!!!!
Told an 8-yr old that I used to watch the Disney Channel too in my day & her response was "Was it in black and white then?" Ha!
fregg'n laless,this is u,in child dev ms.Morgan said "Toddlers ages 1-3 can only handle no more then 2 options" ha
Never mind, saw it!
it's true.
your gonna kick my ass? Please do (: id like to see that come on im waiting.....
“: Heat-Thunder gets a 2.1 overnight rating beats Cards-Marlins opener with a 1.8 overnight rating ”
You know you real friends when you can curse eachother out casually & continue the convo normally lol
you gonna make it on Saturday? BAP BBQ
Tonight: Sunday: Famous sports people with Monday: Opening Day insanity. It's either feast or famine around here.
You got just what I'm looking for
Wow... the Red Sox suck, It feels so good to say that!
Anytime!!!! I can't wait
Somebody had the raging bull 5's on the 49ers sideline
I swear in on May 21st! :)
Hi there!! How have you been? Be sure to also check out for more on the latest in mktg, adv, pr & design!
Reading Grotius and trying to decipher how #RufusKing used his notion of rights during the Missouri Controversy debates.
Happy Mothers Day Mom, I love you so much, thank for always being there when I #turntoyou<3
start buying lottery tickets at a luckier store
FB & YouTube made it possible to widely disseminate the (digital) photos of khalid said in the preceding months.
No man is a failure who is enjoying life ~ William Feather
Thanks for spreading the knowledge!
Mentally and physically preparing to teach FOUR group strength classes this week (and one powerflow)! I'm going to be unbelievably sore ...
I was hoping Randle was gonna fall to the Browns since they still haven't drafted a WR yet...
what it's fun(:
Classes start today...woohoo!!!
ay bruh i sent ocena deep and feelin so good beatz..work kon dem for right now..ima find somtin to do wit dat my baby beat..
whats up bro ?-?
Woohoo! Breeding and pissing session lined up for me tonight.
#ReppinMyHood CURB GANG !!!!!!!!
Help us get to 2500 'Likes' on FACEBOOK and we will release a teaser clip of one of our new songs! facebook.com/flighttoathena
#ITSnothing u got shit to do today
have to fill u in..
That peanut drink I posted a picture of on Sunday? Turns out it's kind of great. Like drinking peanut butter, yet better than that sounds.
We are open! Open Mic tonight, 9 pm.
that should tell you somethingg
you people need to cmment on shit more. -alexis
I don't wanna move. Just let me embrace my morning comfort a little while longer.
Find someone and throw a random compliment their way today! Lets change the world!
RT - Read Inga Saffron's article about the redesigned 1619 Walnut Street - amazing history of the old #KYW bldg...
Man i missed my bro last night :(
Focus for next role: be fearless, be bold, be true.
Quote of the day: "I'm only what I choose and refuse not to be. And that's real." -Devin T. Robinson X
Less than a month till New York ! The party starts in Detroit (:
Yes sir.
Pretty sure I made a good decision...see y'all tomorrow on #classy night :)
I guess Chrome is 14 now. Crazy spooky updater.
10am to Noon St Patrick's Day. $17 ticket gets you 2 pints and all you can eat eggs and bacon. Tell your friends.
Last Night in Twisted River is one of the best books I've ever read.
Life is too short to not be happy.
yeah only those on Eastern seaboard will miss out...that's me ;^(
I'm considering a nap.
"Plastic Bag Use Reduction Ordinance" What a great name! Public comment to come....
This weather boa. smh o.O
Q In the event that a pitch tanks, what should the writer do? Chat w/ exec? Make a fast escape?
Picked up the first Welty author at the airport this afternoon. Joy Castro came to town early for the Common Reading Initiative.
Congratulations to Jennifer and Justin!
With Amare and Lin out, I'm setting Melo shot attempts tonight at 35. He had 26 WITH Amare last game. You have the over or the under?
now did her thang singing the national anthem!!! she looked wonderful in that red!!! yes, i am biased!!!
I can't deal with her brand of crazy right now. I'm ready to move.
Who!! <3 YOUR NEW VIDEO I LIKED IT
From: I get that makerbots are cheap, but are the still feasible when you consider the supplies? #libmade (An investment!)
Windy, cold, and a little bit of sleet in Northwest Las Vegas. Bur!
Plans for Labor Day Weekend!? Harley Davidson Rally? St. Francis Days? All-City Peoples Parade? Fish Fry and a Flick? What are your plans?
Rayburn grand slam!!! His 2nd HR of the game. how many did Inge have yesterday again?
:D What's your Get Glue username?!
I need to invent a way to be three places at once tonight. That's plausible, right?
my energy is at a 2 today... wow.
How rotten to be in the hospital though. Hope he recovers quickly and gets out soon!
Hey talk to me (: lol
Currently collaborating w/ The Art of Basketball at the Gateway Center
I went to an exhibit of painting of the Hudson Valley at the Ossining Library
What a sweet talker! Lol I miss you!!!
good seeing lots of cool gear and good friends at #NAMM today!
I'm looking to start my own business. Most likely, Event management
Brian Matusz should throw it a little more down the middle #Norfolk #sendhimdown idc if it's only one run I was there for Texas game
Rewarding myself for 7 days of workouts with TCBY!
Okay! Let's go Crossing Guards...Wait, I mean Baylor.
haha if it wasn't on a Friday I totally would!
Listening 2 songs her voice is adorable and so she is.
Haha! RT : Every time I hear the word "superconductor," I think of in a cape....
#same #worthit #ObamaFallon RT : Took a nap so I could watch just said Duke sucks...
so much hw...
Great minds discuss ideas; average minds discuss events; small minds discuss people. — Eleanor Roosevelt #quote My Favorite all time quote
Where can you get Cody Crunch? The cereal
At this point, I don't even need Mr. Schram to get me to swear. Doing it pretty well on my f-ing own! He would be proud!
Goodnight All.
Washington D.C. (the elected ones) prove my point.
Does a no-hitter in baseball even mean the same thing it once did?
someones getting drunk.
Like really was up twitter
It's all right. Could use a few more outlets though..
Why do direct messages exist on twitter? 100% spam
Sometimes I just don't get twitter. I feel like it could be a bit more user friendly.
We Lofao at these
Tonight, come support Hamilton Crop Circle at The Chameleon as we host a benefit dinner! Call (410) 254-2376 to purchase tickets.
wish I was there! <3
IE on Xbox wouldn't work 2-3 years ago because HP, Dell wouldn't have allowed essentially a $199 computer.
had a GREAT day @ the One Book, One Denver Preschool kick-off event today!
Our Condolences to the Houston Family and the world on the untimely passing of a beautiful voice gone to soon. Landons PMR.
Even the board of education members are paid and you wail on me?
Today is good.
We can't be busting on our President about Terroist trials when we have all the unjust trials of our own citizens .
Glad to be off. I would jack off if i had the energy just gone watch the playoffs and movies tho
my 4yr old has a heart murmur,he's goin to the cardiologist tomorrow to find out the severity.We need all the prayers we can get
People lie to much (liar liar pant on fire) lol
I'm flipping between channels.
© laws outside the U.S.: J.R.R. Tolkien is co-author of movies LOTR, T and ROTK. WGAW collects his royalties but can’t locate his estate.
Hey buddy, keeping busy. How's life treating you?
Did you know monks invented creamy cheese to complement their daily 5 liters of beer? Thanks via Modern Marvel of cheese.
New This Week | Five new jobs. Find them on the Programming Library homepage!
Hahahahaha wow your so two faced.
I challenge you to an otter slappin' contest! Winner gets to be mayor (as well as a free foot rub!)
Floyd unfortunately, hoping Cotto can Buster him tho
Me too!
maroon 5 and john mayer all day
I am at a complete stop on it interstate highway thank you virginia
I hope you all have a Happy Thanksgiving!!
Stephanie Meyer is taking drivers seat- optioned Down a Dark Hall -gave her nightmares
I love it when and talk to each other on Twitter.
thank you!!
Just finished a walk through on an installation that the team did - fabulous!!!!! I am like a proud Moma!
no problem :)
aw, poor guy!
working on another voice of the customer proposal, fun stuff!
Internet is my life
"Minds are like parachutes. They only function when they are open." - Sir James Dewar
I hope we get one of the big two recruits that are annoucing today!
All I want for my birthday is a date with !
Checked into my hotel, ready for some nerdy librarian time.
Art of Evil Geniuses Productions.
I thought the blood looked a little movie-like. More applied than actual.
Osu is lookin' mighty fine on MTV right now!
sometimes I wonder how ur teeth stay white....considering the smell that comes out of ur mouf
Goodness! I need details! I say we both just move to Hawaii! RT : new adventure! :D
Replay please! Irby back-of-the-endzone TD catch is nullified on the field. Sure looks like he got the toe down.
Set your alarm or DVR for 7:30am tomorrow. "Autism: We Thought You'd Never Ask" interviews 6 adults with autism. On MPTV 36.
Lady Gaga: 'I Smoke Pot While Writing Music'
R.I.P Donna Summer :(
. was great at #reasonrally. Might do encore later.
WTF is a jig worm?
Everyone is beginning to ask .... Where is the Fazzino RIDE!? The excitement grows! Too much fun!
People who get my sense if humor & aren't prude bitches. >
stop going to cost cutters, simon ;)
#ihatethatfeeling when I make it to the airport in plenty of time and realize I left my luggage at home.
I'm not saying goodbye
I spent this last Shabbat in Efrat, Gush Etzion. It's snowed there today. I've been asked several times if it will snow in Jerusalem.
I am speaking on behalf of at the San Diego Social Media Symposium! So excited.....
Yikes. Sorry to hear that you're frustrated.
Cuz I tried to roofie the bitches but you stole their drink again. So we stole your ID and Credit Cards but you had money
Shortest sentence in the English language: "Go."
yes!!! My Scotland one is chipped so I'm planning a trip. Haha.
pfft... Reid Hoffman. That guy doesn't have any new ideas!
Catching up on #thevoice. Could Carson be ANY less energized ALL the time? Come on man pep it up!
Hi! What's up?
Giving shout outs ? Anyone want one ?
#FF khalesis' and "blood of my blood" if you love RT
Never really was into clubbing. I'm wifey type. I just want to take one of those DW. Pictures!
I am signed up for the inaugural Pedal the Plains ride in Colorado on Sept 21-23. Anyone else interested in a team ride. DFI'ers??
and the lunch would, of course, be *my* treat!
RT : Do you have a few hours free? I have a job I will pay you to help with. Seriously. Need help.
Dish soap --> things more interesting than my friends' Facebook updates
: #RollCall, get it in #Represent for you #HBCU!! You know where I'm going with this...............No words needed!!
what r u doing now ? ;D
If I could lose the tits I'd be good--kara
RT IQ Squared: Is Organic Food Marketing Hype? so much for my great idea to start buying organic groceries
Sometimes I feel like I want too many things out of life... But I guess that's a
RT ! You should have won..Damon is always the best choice
Didn't a law pass in the city council chambers yesterday regarding this?
When I'm trying to watch a show, and someone is telling me what's going to happen. WAT R U DOING. WHY ARE YOU STILL BREATHING. STAWWP ET.
whaat nathan I thought you were a girl?
At school :/
4 exams this week and 2 the next.
character based on person, overall of swimming in beer, P.O. that makes me feel angry, person that makes me sad, while making sandwich. Hm
Jeremy Kyle be gettin n mofos grill damn
I'm quitting my job so I can realize my life dream of being a heavy metal drummer. First tour is with Lam of God.
Driving through the Asian district, I spend a good amount of time brainstorming pho restaurant names.
thanks for the RT!
It's May 1st! It's count down time!
that cool bro. Which gym you go too?
Good morning on this Good Friday, the weekend is in view! Own the day.
No problem. Have we worked with you before, I can't find your name in the system?
Ray Bans and straw hats were made for each other.
Anyone wanna go for a run with me?!
Good morning America and good morning .. Real Estate, Real Results!!
about nothing.
“ Blessing to everyone”
never gonna give you up, never gonna let you down.
Damn y'all can take that nigga of the milk carton..#ochocinco has been found
Nap time
I'M KILLIN SHIT I NEED A CASKET
Poppin champagne ! Until im drinking #tequilashots ! At primal
ah! good point.
When was the last time you tested yourself How can you say anyone is not of worth when you herald vintage wins that none cares about!
If you're going to spend $9 for a sandwich at subway, just go to togos or quiznos
Waking up restless in the middle of the night <----
If I can hear the music through your headphones as you walk by 50 ft away, it's too loud.
give the gift of
New beat means lots of coffees with city officials. After 3 weeks of coffee mtgs, I think all the tastebuds have been burnt from my tongue.
nm just chillin :D a crispy news :D?
#IfYouKnewMeWell youd know that you dont really know me and theres probably only 3 people who acually know ME.
*just got a twitter & need good user name* YAY NOT TAKEN.! "let me just double check"
got a gig at 9 :( or i totally would..couldnt find anyone to go there w/me for restrnt week. Gimme a full review. Enjoy
Good day to go to the beach!!!
I'll have to send you the list of songs...it's pretty awesome!
Thanks for the #FF! Have a great weekend. :)
hey there! how're yah!? =)
thats cool, u gotta sexy voice. everyone loves to hear it lol
Let's go brewers!
omg which one? jelly belly? I love factory tours.
Down to the FINAL day to vote for hoedown! Please Vote today!! A lot!!!
Best crab cake ever!!!!
We agree with Dr. Allen: libraries are foundations of intellectual culture.
you are right. Just crazy. It was part of my weekly schedule. Now I will fill it with anything but A&E programming.
:) Nice...Friends all shapes, ages, & sizes :) Dig It
Spilled windex on white coat. RUINED! Need to find someone who dyes clothing. Recommendations???
Can't breathe out my fucking nose , urghhh !
Someone should remind me that rent isn't free. Preferably before the 1st of each month. Thanks.
RT Apple's developer docs defy text selection/copying when viewed on iPad: maddening.
"For every complex problem there is an answer that is clear, simple, and wrong." - H.L. Mencken
I guess :( but can I change the name of the account to something 1D related?
seriously. Maybe they will have to "skype to confirm", lol. Wow, you look very hairy and old for a 16 year old!
It's lunch time Portland. Have you had Walla Walla Sweet Onion Rings this season? Come on in today for your golden rings.
M so quotes have caught my attention lately. How bout "Love rewards the brave" for something beautiful to remember?
Chyea we did
thanks for the RT! : )
Brio Flatiron Enjoying the appetizer special Eggplant Stuffed with ricotta, chopped tomato salad
you already know lol. One I thing I actually agree with skip is Kobe is jacking up way to many shots, Bynum needs more shots
Domestic Short Hair - Orange and white - Jack - Large - Adult ...
peas are good for you
Got a free hot dog at walgreens today...turned my entire day around!
Good morning!! :)
Best night ever!!! Sad that was our last dance this year :(
that Sally Hansen Salon Effects is the shiet
Love is love. Doesn't matter which sex you like, we should all be treated the same and have equal rights. Oh and marry whoever we want.
her name is :)
Dontcha wish ya gf was hot like me
you are a social butterfly.
your icon is...amazing.
GoGos tonight RT “: Hello Baltimore can't believe this is the first time we've played here, Gina's hometown!”
New link:
Amen RT : Everyone makes mistakes. Apologize, acknowledge and move on. Trust is the greatest currency in social media.
Lmfaooo i forgot ok
Ugh! Off 2 a late start this morning .... Good thing I make my own time :-) Morning Tweeps!!!
I love RT : RT "I love " will win Luke Bryan's new CD courtesy of Capitol Records right
ah ok den! I'm trying to get a lil more nasty it it!
<U+2665> I want to be in relationship...., <U+2665>.... where we can joke Around.... <U+2665>.... Be Each other's Best Friend
: Do most of the museums you visit now have an open - but no flash/no tripod- photography policy?
Not wanting to read a book
Rosie o' course!
GUYS HELP ME GET TO SEE ME ON MY BIRTHDAY
Don’t you see the minutes faint / fade away / disappear / only to stay / forever
Georgetown House Tour with Rich!
Woo. SEVEN guests today!
Someday I will be able to fly to Pittsburgh and see a Pens game live, in person
Walk with a limp cuz I'm gangsta hard core I'm gettin an ice cream cone!
We got it fixed, but I will check & let you know. Basically it was pipes behind a vanity that snapped when we pulled it out.
...people often LOOK @ your REACTION to KNOW how to ACT! TRY TO KEEP THEM GUESSING! ;-)
Game in Westfield at 12:45, then game at 4:35 in Columbus, Ohio. Gonna have to turn into a race car to make it there on time!
Watching The First 48....I am PISSED watching these FOOLS just confess. Don't be a dumbass like these cats, keep your mouth shut! 7132227577
We lowered the sky. There's less room.
Just realized I've had the "new" Subway pizza sub, but I haven't seen "The Avengers" yet. What in the blazes does that make me?
What does an Aggie fan do after A&M beats the Longhorns? Turns off the xbox and goes to bed.
Great session with and
that and his red n blue shoes
"Failure on the part of the press." From . That's rich.
really? do you?
im not asking for his tumblr because i respect you not giving it out, but how did your friend find it!?
Just had a WORLD PREMIER of one of my compositions last night. The Baroque Suite, All went well and the music was well received.
feeling your pain in seattle, I found myself wearing long underwear today. CA looks very appealing about now
Just because I kissed u don't mean I love u
ugh maybe you should call the police?
Swimming for exercise is so fun but I feel like an old lady doing water aerobics and I don't want to get too buff and manly
form a thought. sustain a thought. convey that thought to others through language. why does that process seem impossible for some people?
#scms12 unpacks the deep racialized logics of copyright law (following Stephen Best's poetics of possession)
You're Getting Facebook Timeline now me n facebook r officially over
#Bourekas for sale at the #OVSBazaar on Sunday, December 11th are first come, first serve (so no advance orders)!
When you wait chipotle looks and tastes better
Sopapilla Cheesecake! #easy dessert #mexican dessert #cinnamon #cream cheese #horchata #foodblog #foodies #best desserts #fast desserts
wow a whole 15 minutes on bombing
what?! Where are you moving?
funny how winning 12 out of 18 changes people's tune. If we can play .667 baseball for 15 more games we r at .500
looking forward to it!
if u can reach it lol jk ily =P
I'm divergent!!!!
No reason 4 snide comment abt me and facts. I told u million times I didn't write stry you're angry abt. Lets b friends!
S/O to she it's new on twitter but it's a true Mahomie
Why is Hollie still on American Idol? Better question may be why am I tweeting about American Idol?
Good morning everyone
R u kidding me!?!?! this song is fucking sex to my ears he has a sexy mofo deep ass voice!!
couldn't of said it better
hi buddy miranda~ good morning~ love you so much my dear buddy~ have a great day and take care xoxo <3
you saved the day when the struggling economy closed the doors of my favorite small batch roaster in Illinois
I remember a time when the #Yankees could actually score runs. It was a simpler time, it was a better time.
Up watchin Snapped with my mama
gotta admit I didn't expect you to take it in that direction.
MINE TOO.
I'll let you know when another party comes out , then we can both do it!
Hey there, (sdkastle), thanks for the follow! Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
kiss it all better
follow me on tumblr lovee ! I have like none of my friends on it !):
Was at the ER until 3:30 a.m. with my youngest. Need to finish an article, thinking one more power nap might do the trick!
Such fun at zumba tonight! I've been needing some extra endorphins to ward off the winter blues.
yes! I'll be home late though...my place in the heights...9pm?? New puppy needs love. Netflix date?
game rating 8000 Perfect Grade BB 0.12g Polished for Best Accuracy and Velocity ;P
Ex-#NFL & #Badger players Derek Engler & Tarek Saleh are broadcasting their show #InTheTrenches live here tonight from 5-7pm!
“Without promotion something terrible happens... Nothing!” -P.T. Barnum
TRAVELING CIRCLE will perform at Zebulon this Thursday. Details here: www.<U+200B>myspace.<U+200B>com/<U+200B>travelingcircle<U+200B>
Good morning(:
You had me at "Bud Light cans."
Debit Card info stolen from a local biz. I'll get a new card in 5-7 business days. There goes my lavish "order pizza twice a week" lifestyle
Find out today but it looks like I'll have lots more time for auditions next month, retiring on the 1st of June. Happy days!
I should be sleeping right now but I'm hard.
you watched live?
It seems to be a knock-off of Celebrity Duets, which ran like 5+ years ago for like two seasons maybe.
BREAKINGNEWZ: Old Indian burial ground discovered under center field at #Nats Park.
Can't j walk everywhere
is Saturday really Saturday when you have to work?
Why doesn't thisboy get it. There never was something and there never will be something. He's getting to be a stalker.
So I have not heard from guess she still mad at me..... -_-
Sherri Shepard got voted off Dancing with the Stars on April 10th!
I wish I was beautiful...
#MORETHANTHIS :D I love this song!!! Can't wait for the video!!!
water water water!
aww congrats Eric! I need to sleep on your air matress at least 16 times
This account is so 2010 -- the are now tweeting from Come on over and check us out!
Hahaha briana told me i look normal today xD
Thx. I'm feeling better too. Only 3 pics there as spent the entire day in the hotel, but I'll add a few more everyday.
Heading to Muncie tonight with ! Yay!
yep, Rockefeller State Reserve. It's a sick spot.
Awww I'm sorry
I'm sorry honey...ugh...Sundays I like to just focus myself...cuz I become property of the public after that day lol
My trust is real easy to get but its also really easy to lose
This my last week of school... So already know what that means!!
you and replied to that at the exact same time! hahahaha :)
Need people to 63 and Woodlawn ASAP. #takethespring #saveourclinics police threatening to arrest patients fighting forfeit lives
Missing the celtics play<
Gearing up for summer!
#hitting the sheets. Goodnight(;
I appreciate the follow! Thanks!
Reggae Entertainer Pam Hall will be a guest speaker on Monday Feb. 13, @ 7pm on "Reggae 101" Series, Episode 7
have fun!
poll: should i just use this 25% barnes and noble coupon to buy a nook tablet to root and have as my own? y/n
thanks for the like! We need company on the road!
luvin my new mushroom look
Lol, faggot tryna call me gay i can actually get GIRLS.
Dude! What happened! Why didn't you come?!
I hate when I tweet about stuff that sounds related to a previous conversations I've had with other people. It's just a coincidence.
"Are you stoned or something?" "They tried stoning me once; It did not work." xD
Good morning! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>Happy Mothers Day <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0090>lol treat ur mom like a <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00B8>today!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
whatever floats your boat uses to represent gps coordinates, it'll be mostly accurate enough (:
Yea them videos is fina make otha rappers stepp it up or finally give it up!!!
Retweet if u found sexy : UGLY UGLY UGLY UGLY UGLY UGLY UGLY UGLY UGLY UGLY UGLY UGLY UGLY ONE DIRECTION UGLY UGLY UGLY UGLY UGLY UGLY UGLY.
Just got the best junk mail trying to get me to buy a banana tree. For real.
Hey mother in-law!!! <3
Mo Williams shot the Clippers back in to it and then back out of it. #PutYaHeadDown #GetToThe Rim
if I had slave, that's exactly what I would do! X
#libchat gaming amen. Doing a gaming present this weekend. Geek power.
She doesn't mind is on the radio <33 gah. I love this song
I would watch NASCAR if the drivers had had as much to drink as the fans
Capa party here i come lol
Aw sorry to hear you're counting down the days :( Are you only staying for one year? Or at least, the end is in sight?
Not failure, but low aim, is crime. - James Russell Lowell
It's already in the works. The amount of inspirational images, memories, & experiences that I'm working with is enormous.
crown royal next time !!!!
kind of getting tired of being called a genius.
: Give your fans the option to pay via text so they don't have to be in the rain? Text me for more info 9164206020
only thing better is an ice cream lunch.
pls sing for me :)
haha i do :) Great point on branding being more than a logo, too! Definitely agree.
Thank you #grammys for introducing me to Amazing band.
apple techs say configurator is not for 1to1 programs, only shared carts. VPP saves $$$ either way though.
My morning quote was from Dorothy Height
wine before work - how refreshing
if MInnesota loses the Vikings, they are complete idiots.
That's funny. Animals are so weird sometimes!
Just finished watching the notre dame game. Wow. Just wow. Michigan is a HORRIBLE football team, can't even believe we lost.
That moment when you can't get enough of one song, so it plays on repeat. Again and again and again.
one hour and 15 mins to go... so ready for the weekend!!
Your tweets make you seem like you're always on some sort of LSD.
wait...bbq or bong?
Very informative session. I really enjoyed my first middle school chat.
Solos got to take that!
No, my momma showed me precious Sophia! We need some auntie/cousin quality time!
Today in #Theatre History 1978. Happy Birthday , can't wait to see you on Oct. 2nd.
Ur making so much money yet u still live and home with mamma at 22!!! SMH go get u a degree so u can make some real money oh that won't
it sucks
DM us and we'll send you info about open dates for 2012. Thank you!
We're tapping about $3.47/gal for regular here in Richmond, VA.
I love your profile pic!! :)
my boy finally on twitter!!!
Final Perk===Finals Fiesta!!! May 1, 7-9 pm on the library terrace.
Some people are like slinkies, they don't really serve a purpose but they put a smile on your face when you shove them down the stairs.
Let's get it bullies! Take ur time drose it will come back.
wants to welcome Betty Lorkowski as their newest company member!!!
// where u surprised by the lack of VC funding in the Valley targeted for blk tech firms? Just 1% correct?
I might hit wildsplash just to medicate the crowd.
Chris Brown? *Waits For Justin*
Rivers belong where they can ramble; eagles belong where they can fly...
text me
Just got email from the Knicks. They are making a "Major announcement" today at 3PM....hm
Getting ready for this job interview at 3pm. Hope I land this one
Playing in downtown LA tonight at 10! Sweet spot, new tunes, no cover!
Check out awsome accessories for you harley. Custome engraved illuminated windshields. www.darksideshields.com
thanks for the RT! Great profile photo too
180 GWMS - 3 saved!!! Harvest time!! Thank u Lord for changing our names!
What a week! 10 new accessions today and progress on cleaning up the Archives. 2 site visits next week. Can't wait to see how others do it:)
I hope wins the tourny
good luck next year! I hope all your dreams come true for you and your family!
Mixing some music!
pretend to be prego for April fools and you'll end up being that and god will send you a fool 4real.
love you too! See you in a few days!
Plus, if we're going to be sticklers for proper dress, the orchestra shouldn't be wearing tuxes for an afternoon concert.
You can reach me directly at . I'll be happy to address any concerns you have.
Headed out for dinner and some fun in #Dallas for my final night in
want to watch some awesome Logend of zelda awesomeness then come to my live stream im playing one of the games that started for me
>>>> annoying / rude flight attendants. Yes I see u and no I'm not checking my bag gtfoh
Chili's with and
Welcome to the neighborhood! I imagine you'll be spending some time at Where the locals go.
Derrick Rose is hurt again... Could he be another DWade???
At the #TAC-G conference with presentation is very informative! ARC is up at 12:45.
i don't even care c:
I hate it when people use the words "content" or "product" to describe art. How sad it is that people frame their world that way.
Waiting on my parents to get here with this spaghetti
125 cappers posted today with their coin flips for tonight and I have compiled 1 NHL,4 CBB and 1 NBA consensus which is the over in LA/Port
Treat your password like your toothbrush. Don't let anybody else use it, and get a new one every six months. Clifford Stoll
Hope she can can get back on track and come back on Misfits. I like her.
yay! Glad u like it :)
Lesson learned. I should have stopped when left.
well if you like Nick Breezy better than Nicholicious then maybe consider changing your username to ICONickBreezy<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
followback,Is Awsome related to The Office online streams on HD
Oh yeah, BTW I'm
Super Mom Search Launched Aesthetic Edge To Conduct Mommy Make-Over For Deserving Moms.
Prince, we know you don't have a twitter, but assume you monitor our account and want to see us in MSP. You're on the guest list.
We liked your video on Vimeo. Thanks for following us back.
spent the whole day yesterday in the ER
#2amt I have to admit, I'm a sucker for a big shocking moment right before an intermission. Tracy Letts has a fine hand for that.
you got two chasers!! Cool!
Cleaning out my closet is a job.
Yeah that sucks but shit happens. Can't wait to see you back kicking ass. Get well soon man.
Is everything ok between you three? At each others throats this morning.
it is. Haha
Bwhahaha lol iight I get my doctor bag ready
promotion NOT by ESPN mke by the way. (a man can dream though) haha
you know they are! I filled out some online petitions and the delays to submit the forms were LONG! Melting servers.
Follow program director and station manager please, if you will.
foam plate example is pretty scary! :P
How is life treating ya friend? Praying for ya success!
WOW Tebow & the Broncos just shut all the haters mouths!! #withGod ALLthingsrpossible
hahaha its my cousin! Cause he is tryna get at my friend hah
please do
. I'm around the corner from you over at Springfield Farm!
I like more unsigned bands than signed bands!!!! wtf? what happened to the music industry????
And this is where everything starts to go downhill.
Duck dynasty tonight!!!!!!! WHO'S EXCITED????
MO? My kingdom for more frequent flier miles!
doesn't care about or me anymore...I just don't understand
One big room...
so excited! about to start setting up for #STEMmerday!
I have not met you Before. But I have keen following many other strong believers in Christ. Hoping that they might follow me
Finished my exams!!
<U+2190>I love this radio station<3 (:
// I bet the Yahoo exec wishes he read this before he did his resume! Lol
Swim like your gonna drown, Ride like you stole it and Run like they are chasing you.
I say we get rid of Nnamdi he suck ass!! Got Mad love for Asante and it will be the Eagles lost if you leave.
I joke with my wife that this is "Ike & Tina!!! But it is so Tina with a little Ike!!
RT RT : RT : Could've, should've and would've...How about we change that to dream, create and live.
thanks to for the help this morning. iPhone 4s is in its way!
thx Congrats to you too lady. Idk how you ran that fast at the beginning w/ the crowds! Kudos. My favorite race of the year! :)
Sounds heavenly. RT : So I'm totally going to be a nerd and go to the library after work today.
Excited to be working with new clients and boutique on some PR initiatives! Fabulous locally owned businesses!
RT : NBC Miami reporting the Heat have won the NBA Title.
if you're feelin it raise your l in the sky
Whoever forgives an offense seeks love, but whoever keeps bringing up the matter ruins friendships. Proverbs 17:9
#reasonstobeatyourgirlfriend ... seriously??? I'm trending a new topic
Let him try to finish it Hurdle!
iPad, you say you aren't charging but I know you are. Your battery indicator keeps going up. Stop teasing me iPad. Stop teasing....
quoth MJ: "you are not alone (you are not alone)". These warning track popouts aren't helping
last presentation of my college career. & I froze up only to read my notes word for word
burbank casting sucks!!
Well bout to leave Cali missin cash in Houston!!!!
Must. Get. Up.
Good workout today...hittin the legs tomorrow! NWH
My firm deployed a Google Adwords program for Striker Fight Center in Kennesaw, Georgia. New students are already starting to sign up.
not too shabby! Lol
you playing tomorrow?
Hey, my name is Tiffany Nicole too, just a little different. Lol.
wow - booked already?! yikes! didn't realize they'd fill up so quickly.
Great observation. RT : Every country has its own kind of remoteness--sociographic, ethnic, geographic.
Blake Lively<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Worst of all is when those 2 are in the same sentence: "I covered" or "I'm covering"
;) RT: "Well I don't have snow boots but I can throw on some wedges" words from ! Crazy ass fashionista!!
I hope she feels better soon.
chad always gives full effort
All my electronics are updated, charged, & packed. I'm ready to travel, right?
Ask seasoned faculty to provide 3 tips on a topic and share through a newsletter with your faculty
Two days in the new house,got heat today.Now the whole house is warm.
I think you mean MY dude, and yes, he rocked the sound system last night! Super proud
A medium bodied pinot with hints of cherry, very lush and is food friendly would be the Pinot Noir...pair it tonight!
thx4 the follow. Do you know about ? We work with and #mommyblogger networks. perhaps intrstg
try mexico.
Dimitris I just looked at your portfolio and all I can say is wow..wow..wow..
thanks and welcome to the #SCRSCReamTeam fam
"Coach Kill is more intense. He's all in the player's face. ... The guys are buying into that." Gophers' QB MarQueis Gray
Boyle = warrior
Paper or Plastic? When it comes to your extra bags we'll take both. The Wash Co ReStore is in need of shopping bags for bagging purchases in
They're not that big in real life, honest. Her *paws* are, though -- like she's a little snow leopard.
WE"RE MOVING! New Detroit IRS Taxpayer Assistance Center opens Tuesday at 500 Woodward
Thnx for the follow James.
Fuck yeah Jimmy neutron is on !
Preparation brings confidence. Prepare to do whatever you want. Then confidence can never be taken from you.
me and my mother have our disagreements but we have came a long way these couple days <3
Come "Blow your Rent" with us TONIGHT! Wednesday April 25 2012 1/2 Price Bottles & BONUS 15 mins on Every 1 hour room!
Very true
You should steal parts of other shows.Dance in the audience randomly.A wig a week.Paternity tests on the co-hosts.Free uggs...
Happiness is...the first ice coffee of the season.
Regardless of who wins this games has sucked balls.
Anyone out there need a good comedy writer? I've got some great samples.
They ready to burn this nigga at work, I wish I had his number to tell him what's ready to go down because its goin down
good afternoon <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008B>
Does middle school get inflatables too? Was going to invite some kids
: lolz i thought she didnt, she just took a slow reaction. -.-
#Ladies, the day you let yourself go and get too comfortable is the same day you lose your self respect and your man.
ran out of breath during his solo, but u know what that means he's not perfect, no one is, it just makes him more amazing <3
is there a boy put there who dosent cheat....
"I just walked the shit out of my dog and CRUSHED a 20-minute nap, bro." -- Freelance d-bag
Not sure who MSNBC just killed off, but the picture on the screen was NOT Junior Seau!
Well im out chasing my own dreams.
i got it the second i read it...
NO! Aww, Alisha. :( Hoping she gets back to a good place.
My friends call me Keith. You can call me, John.
Dreams are always never real.
take time to understand ur woman,U'l find alot of annoyances naggings & frustrations vanish...Communicate with her & she will open up to u!!
I got lucky as hell with my transition, that's all i gotta say. I do marketing for tv.
yes, it is. The funniest thing is that I receive your msg 18hours later than you sent it and I deleted email about it
With and Shawn Morrisey. I remember it well.
That moment during your commute between when you run out of coffee and when you can get a refill.
s/o to my TweetPick of the Month: watch her on youtube----> lorensharicelott, she is so talented and is going places
When I tried it at the brewery I found it to be undercarbonated.
Does Craig Sager really have a bracket tie?
- pre scheduled tweets deployed during facilitation
STOP TRENDING THE FANFIC MY GOSH PEOPLE
cheer up.
Gas prices are soaring again - is this changing your driving habits? Tell us what you're doing differently today..we'll share your answers.
is the best :)
"Let us live while we live." Philip Doddridge
Slowly reducing the number of flowers for my wedding... So expensive!
stripping = lucrative
Only a quarter?
I don’t get the FB thing. I know you need 500 friends to join and I only have 4. But I was able to view yours. BEAUTIFUL wife!
I'm about to punch my dog
i know, im so exhausted like i wanna pass out..
I hate when I swallow my cough drops.
A trophy for this quote! MT Roger Ailes says his critics "are pathetic people who think every kid should get a trophy."
No, sometimes the professor imitates students.
#Vikings CB Antoine Winfield expected to miss the remainder of the season with a broken collarbone
Just followed I'm still not over Wash. But I figure and would want to follow him.
Looking forward to winning one of those iPads! :D
Wuddup O.G!
Sick. Can't wait man.
glad you think so too Rose Marie. :) it's good to have someone else's opinion besides my own. :)
tired of this /:
send it to me too!
Oh good. I'm in that lose-hair-by-the-handful postpartum phase. Yuck.
I am working on finding a good digi carry around... Micro 4/3 with an adapter for Leica M... CV 50mm 1.1.
only 3 more people till i get to 200 followers so people please follow me
Late night Happy Hour is from 10:00-11:00PM! See if you can set a new high score in Donkey Kong while enjoying a slushy margarita
: Thank you for coming out and supporting!
I appreciate the suggestion!
#dead••RT : No. : Well can you follow back please ?
#Sagittarius is the life of the party! Chatty, spirited & beautiful they possess the old school Hollywood glamor. They r delightful winners
good wednesday morning to ya
i hope id does well good luck
Sometimes I miss the #boondockqueens and
Another great teaching today. ~ What we worship shapes who we are! ~ Definitely makes u think about what is really important.
we got this! <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008C>
#ILovePeopleThat r cpationet, loveing, do things 4 other people n don't expect anything back, fun, out going, free sperited r u this type?
Anyone else as excited about tomorrow as I am?!!
there is the difference: I possess no charm :(
It was great to meet you, too. Went back today and was already sharing some of your ideas with our Resource Team! :)
LADIES! DO NOT COME INTO A STRIP CLUB IF YOU ARE INSECURE!!! YOU WILL DEFINITELY GET YOUR FEELINGS HURT!!!
Could #AnnRomney #romney possible be MORE out of touch by spending $990 on a SHIRT?! Feed&house someone!
Thank you! and Thank you - I already feel right at home there. Doesn't hurt I knew most of the team already!
set my alarm as #visionoflove. love waking up to your voice. can't wait for the new stuff :)
Please help me get to 700 followers I'll follow back(;
We haven't yet but we are still a relatively new band. We are trying to get there though!
Ed Roper Creative Services is live on Facebook!
Farewell Dreamer.. deff new fav. band!
give me a couple days my love :)
Well I'm setting up a twitter page strickly for my music follow me a @ moneyislife2012
Getting Slapped.
can't wait to see you!
My last Friday in high school! Next week doesn't count because I only have to go for a few classes!
:( SAD YOU NEVER NOTIC MY TWEETES OR EVER TWEET ME A GOODNIGHT
As a politician, how would you increase #studentvoice in #education?
Haven't we reached the point when we can stop referring to glia as "filler cells" or "under-appreciated" in every story describing them??
happiness is a bike ride through snow-covered prospect park. sadness is doing it in shorts
DC Assault 16&17 win big ....tough games tomorrow ....stay focused!
Can we just skip from cfb realignment to cfb relegation?
So I need to purchase an "Extreme Thing" ticket and I know you local bands have plenty of them :)
Keep the answers coming in, we'll let you know the answer on Monday
me and are gonna move to Britain so we can drive on the right (:
Forget the rabbit looks like it is going to be the year of the Yodle! Congrats Yodle on starting 2011 off with a bang!
emphasis on the word sometimes
RT : To die would be an awful big adventure.
Omw to work. Someone bring me breakfast!
Hi! Oh wait, did you mean in person? RT : Epic day at #Webvisions coming up. Come say hi!
no because if I click on your page to reply to you I kinda see that.
is playing @ Exit/In tonight with SkyHi and Magic in Threes!!! Come out or stream it live @ livestream.com/exitin
I don't know why I got a shout out... That's odd.
Thx 4 follow. Workin on becomin Sports/Entmt Agent. Still workin on that first client. Any advice for workin in the industry?
So glad tomorrows Friday!!
"Hate-watch." New concept for me, though I certainly have done this. You always teach me new things!
So if it's ironic, you actually do speak it? "I don't speak English" would be amezin.
Now I'm in a pissed off/bad news with this doll happenings. *sighs*.
that's all kinds of awesome! (and unfair)
Damn son. Peeping my friend at cameo then who knows
garrett is so stupid
#hm is a hash tag that really doesn't make sense
Levine, "Indiana Jones isn't really an archeologist, he's a psychopath."
RT : Zoi , former #2 of DOE, new technology must be within 120% of competitive pricing as policy can only close a 20% gap.
When are you back here, girl?! I wanna see ya!
Makes sure you guys check out my cool new followers & :)
The Blind Side was a great movie. I'm glad that Sandra Bullock won the Oscar for Best Actress.
So excited, can't wait to see the final product of Open for Business with KFONTV.
Haven't been on in a while, how's everyone been?
cant you technically fight them against that with what they allow and disapprove like embedding on other sites etc?
In today's Sunday Telegraph (AU): Dr Antony Kidman on impact of tech. on family dynamics - creating "techno-cocoons" & isolating families
Just heard Alice's new LensCrafter ad is airing. Anyone seem it yet? Congrats!
love u bro
We're happy to follow a fellow industry company. Let us know if you'd like to share ur own best biz tips for garages w/ us!
Did anyone board the #hogwartsexpress this morning?!?! LOL
if Kansas get pass NC State
Do you guys have a couple of recos for a good place for a breakfast meeting in the city? Thanks!
Breaking Bad is ridiculously addicting
Recent news media polls and interviews with citizens show the majority of Detroiters want the restructuring to responsibly take place.
RT : how abou those St Louis Blues / at least 1 team in MO knows how to win a game they should win
Random....old jazz cats call everything that isn't jazz rock n' roll !!!!
#FAQ : When is the last day to register to vote in the June Primary Election? A: Monday, May 21st.
#BestWayToDescribeMe - bored. Ohmygosh there's NOTHING to do.
All this time I thought you were already a hipster. Congrats, have fun!
Dont forget to get your dozen roses at Sendik's! Today is the last day that they are on sale www.sendiksmarket.com
Heels were first used as butchers tools.
Hola Mike how r u ?
take a picture with me!!!
When I Get My First Check, I Plan On Buyin A New Phone Nd Hella Summer Clothes. In That Order
KY Jelly, etc. Air, etc.
Well then Thats your problem , Not mine .
We just don't want it to go to waste.
thankyou and I actually might get a different dress and it's purple but idk
Success is the ability to go from one failure to another with no loss of enthusiasm. -Winston Churchill
“: These Koreans were too gangsta!!!! Omg!!!!”>>>they were NOT playing! Open gunfights and whatnot lol
I like Fancy It better than Pinterest actually - cool to see them listed here.
Thank u!
lol I can't take mad mr. achieve seriously because all he gets mad about is song choices so
I can't go to the gym today because if I go outside I might drown in a puddle -_-
#Str8LykeDes... If you only knew what be going through my head at night's..
yea he looks sexy in that picture!
Russell Westbrooke a damn ball hog
Sounds good! Hope to see you soon! RT : State Fair this weekend, but I will come in!
Many of GA's public teachers and students are conducting the CRCT this week. Good luck all, and thanks for your hard work!
you'll b able to relax with me soon lol. .How was work?
God is good to his children ;)
"see there's that attitude that doesn't get you anywhere."
glad to hear it! Which breakout session did you attend?
haha oatmeal cookies , that sound like it'll be over for a nigga in the bandy
I think I'm going to raise my kids to believe in Santa's less friendly sidekick, KRAMPUS. There's no grab-ass with Krampus in your life.
Keep your head up. Just keep in mind the bigger goal at the end of season.
Goodnight sacramento! Look forward to #trainthursday and state employee discount friday!!
shit how u
Time to be productive and pack up some more of my apartment.
I can see why people pay us NO attention. We have no songs they can listen to personally ! But TRUST && BELIEVE that IS gonna change.
I hate making plans, why does everything have to be so difficult! #Parents smh
Called my mom last night 2 tell her, "i'm so glad u r my Mama!" Happy Mother's Day.
At the end of the day you live, love, learn, and grow. I will never make the same mistake twice..
it's like a rodent holocaust goin on over there.
Happy mothers day !!!
shhhhh don't jinx it
plans for Vegas?
To allow our sons to be trained to injured theirs." (Julia Ward Howe, 1870, Mother's Day Proclamation)
i am thinking gray pin stripes lol lol
American troops in Afghanistan until 2024? Really, Obama??
RT : Management is doing things right; leadership is doing the right things. Peter Drucker
yeah I was thinking as much as I love social work, there are still social workers out there that breed distrust :/
Gorillaz - Slow Country
March sales for #JulietAnUnPopular should be out soon! Hope they're good. Did you by your copy in March? If not, there's always April!
Drove home from work. Left garage door opener in office. Now must drive back to work during peak commute to get opener & drive home again.
lol.KAY you member that
mention me I'll mention you.. I give some real nice shout outs.. :-)
What is fun in OKC?
Thrilled to hear it! Wish I was in town and at the show. Merry Christmas y'all.
I'm in my PJs watching the GOP debate & sipping my 3rd Schlitz, so probably not. Post-site launch party at Dick's - definitely!
Weekend number two of - bring it on! See you there
Peace to Amy Winehouse. We shall treasure the music, always.
X factor's LA needs to shut it and appreciate Melanie's talent, which is huge,I live for every performance of her...
I'm thankful for the hosting Rome today as I drive to northern Wisconsin. Gimme some strip club DJ!!!!!
Anytime! Plus, how good did that tomato soup sound yesterday? SO good.
Thinking about IN's new Core to College standards for a day, my reaction is: it seems a good program to train students to be good workers.
I'm NEVER becoming a poet. I hate school.
I've earned $5.66 for September on #gomezpeer, but I haven't received it yet.
Together We can save #gamu and keep her on #xfactor please donate to the fund dont forget to include your bank details
Come see us at Urban Grind tomorrow!!
Love you guys! The show totally rocks! Let me know how I can get the word out cuz EVERYONE in VO needs "A Little Buzz" each wk
true story(;
I worked for Head Start forever. Folks trained in public health and clinical nutrition are so needed.
that's really what I think. I'm really happy with that piece. :)
lol my reply or replies all depend on how much alcohol u have had today
Wow! Thanks Urban Trend Salon that essential skin repair facial was exactly what I needed… and it was only $60
B/c of I've become a master zester!! LOL
Praise on high,,,Praise on Max,,,,Team Jesus Lets go,,,,
no they won't
I'm sorry to hear that. I hope your day takes a turn for the best :)
Good Luck to everyone and checkour facebook fan page and our twitter for everyday updates !!!!!!
I just got up! Haha wbu?
Thanks for the kind #FF ...hope Writer's Christmas was good to you. :)
"With out passion you dont have energy, with out energy you have nothing."
Food Fact of the Day: May 3, 1947 Sylvester tried to have Tweety Birdfor lunch for the first time in a WB cartoon. #Sufferin'succotash
mykle, are you copying me?
We got 14 minutes left till Twilight(:
Congrats!!! All is well.. Busy Busy!
i really wish people would stop inviting me to their open houses via facebook that shit is annoying & i'm not going .
Anybody know a good trumpet player who is comfortable with some jazzy stuff?
Cinder blocks?
I can convert. Send them to mclewis63 @ gmail. Do you know about Cute PDF?
one of my favorite restaurants that I never seem to eat at lol
Yea it does & me too. Guess everybody thought I was too quiet though o.o & I just discovered I smell like sunscreen/bugspray
Down with It- Tiny Grimes closing out the day.
wow is colorado really this much fun???? glad I still have another week
It's Wednesday .... But feels like a Monday. Why is it that Wednesday never feels like Friday??
Would apply directly to the self-employed.
Woke up and got dressed and made it to class within 15 mins....back to school <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Up at 6am with only two hours of sleep, making a valiant attempt at returning to Corporate America today.
honoring County Democrats of the year at CRW Civic Center. Polwv
Hope peeps & are hungry cuz the JoeMobile will be at WLafayette & 2nd today. Everyone welcome.
RT : Just got the email about the 2012 Virtual Conference and Youth Summit. I'll be joining in from #Tanzania with...
A bump, always! Persistence, always!
News10 photog Gary Otto has a great suggestion for top5 all time influential tv personalities: Ed Sullivan.
I have the perfect song for you, the lyrics and arrangement are Ridiculous!!!
God does not, out of love for the ppl, create justice. God merely demands justice. The ppl show their love of God by working for justice.
I wish I were Cinderella and they'd come and DRESS me. Hate picking out something to wear...
Hey Mark, thanks for following. What's new?
editing pictures on myspace and talking to josh ;p;
Thank you for the follow! Appreciate it!
So travel. So Christmas. The desert is drippy...
I like cheese i like cheese i like cheese i like cheese IiiiiiiLiiiiikkkke cheese!!
Opening April 19 5-8pm Thursday is the new Friday 302 S Rampart, as we bring you a Farmer's Market with a twist!
Gotta figure out where to take grandpa, great aunt & uncle for dinner.
See you tonite :30pm in the Carriage House for an evening with Stacy Barlett...learn how she earned over 700k in college scholarships!
+ to any girl who says she never wanted 2 be a princess u know there's a ariel, belle or jasmine in ur closet that begs to differ
Are you an #ARMA or #ALA member? Connect with us today!
So I would like to thank all the good men out there who are honest and kind to their women, they deserve it! <U+E404>
But, in which format should people send a #resume? PDF. Also, have a non formatted version for online apps. Copy + paste.
SERIOUSLY. WANT. NOW.
good luck w/ the next one ... finishing my sabbatical soon :(
#LMSunSIG accessibility generally good for everyone, not just students with disabilities
My favorite restaurant is the Tam O Shanter....I die for their souffle
lol but I like being tan black.
at first I didnt get where Bishop was going with the Dog story LOL But it blessed me in the end:)
Could be worse. Figured first American to orbit the earth should be able to name activity. *he* called it a Tweet-ON
Hey twitter, long time no see. Just finishing up first round of PhD apps. Three more due next month. Excited&terrified!
Happy Oscar Day!! :) Nobody tell me what happens, I can't watch til Tuesday ;)
shouldn't teaching about online safety be up to the parents? Schools aren't an excuse for parents not to teach their kids
Man from audience: This isn't working when more than 50% of people fail.
Ha! Both my sons have it.
I wish the Celtics never traded Kendrick Perkins for Jeff Green. They'd be able to compete w/ the Heat right now.
Oh yeah.. I give up on asking for a follow from ....
RT : Psyched for ...' "Baseball Mother in Law." Can't wait to sign a player who'll never be good enough for me or my daughter.
We're shooting a blow dry instructional video this week. Any tips you want to see included?
I have the memory span of a fish.
LOL! I had to pull my heavy coat back out this morning! NOT happy about that!
Probably 250 people left @
Glad I was wrong, figured they would come back for sure #YankeesLose!
The Strong Programme's wikipedia page fails to mention the Weak Program as one of the major criticisms. On the to do list.
Wheres my friends when i need something to do?
Real Talk Ne-Ne
#SomeWhereOutThere is a person who is wondering if they should put "your" or "you're" smh
I almost thought they were going to make no effort with the sound but they totally downloaded some free footstep sounds.
I will definitely be in the pool here today. I love hot weather.
Tweeting just for :D
I would say "Edge of Glory" is one of VERY few songs that make me EXTREMELY happy. takes me right back to chicago pride last summer
Get ready, to enter The Hive.
loving tabata's at bat music!
cuz I fucking love yoga pants an spandex
RT : We're having another trickle-down recovery with too few jobs. Obama said trickle-down has never worked. Need gusher-up
Blasphemy! Managing editor Anita Samen would do away with the en dash!
Nobody said it was easy, it's such a shame for us to part.
I would much rather see this team improve slowly and hit their peak later in season, only 5 games out RT : still in last
I just noticed that my group of my friends are just like those from How I Met Your Mother.
Those random talks with the big man upstairs.. You can always talk to to him about anything at any time. <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
see if you can go standby on an earlier flight! I did coming home.
We're having a cookie sale! Save 30% off our wide variety of cookies. Enter PromoCode COOKIES. Yummy! Good till July 31st.
Adu was a gutty call and he figured in both goals. I like the element of creativity Freddie brought, but we need even more!
Dinner Time....^__^
6 am boot camp class is a great way to kick of the weekend!!
At the tufte seminar on presenting data. Amazing stuff!
your the best please FOLLOW ME XD THAT WOULD MAKE MY DAY
Congrats on Navid joining the team! I see good things in the future ahead! Reunion at Comic-Con 2012? :)
grading papers—topic: Interview w/a Controlled Drug User—& just now *really* hear lyrics to Alabama 3 "Hypo Full Of Love (The 12 Step Plan)"
Maybe ask the folks !
ALERT!!! New Boys & Brilliance shooting a music video at Club 151 W. Congress Suite 600 Club Attire! Bring Friends*** HAPPENING NOW!
: ) RT : one heck of a personal stimulus plan
If you're going to drive it like a Prius why did you buy the Beamer?
The rest of the country doesn't think like you. Get ready to cry your eyes out in November. You can always move to Iran.
ALERT: No USC football? Feel free to stay in bed all day.
sounds like fun
how did this turn out? DM if needed or have someone else do it
yeah that's good... aye dude who's going to finals?
Am I imagining it or do these off clip on mosquito repellents really work?
aww, looks just like you.. Lol ;)
Ever hog tie a goat?
well, yes, their senior class is like 3 people.
Have a Happy Memorial day!!
Sadly, i have to agree. RT : Paul McCartney needs to quit.
external validation, esp important for fledglings
yes indeed! Keep strutting, you hot thang!!!
Live music at Varsity Bar! The Union League Sessions, Stew Nelson, and Tessy Lou & the Shotgun Stars! No no cover, drink specials!
I will never win this game without you.
LOVE it. I can't believe we didn't think of a SNOW DAY - yea!
Lol I'm mad as fuck
Parking my car and I almost got mugged by a cock roach, he wanted my lunch
If laughter is the best medicine, then I overdose daily. ;)
All I have to say is that prom better be poppin, and the food off the hook after all those money I spent.
sad feelings and emotions piling up inside = new song
I was married in a courthouse. Legal binding agreement between to consenting adults.
Haha. Too true! RT : thou shall follow me so I can dm you back ; )
#SometimesYouHaveTo Lick it..before you stick it...youve gotta tap it... before you slap it... lmao
Thanks for the follow!
Good morning beautiful ppl :):):)
What's your favorite holiday? Why?
must be... tell i dedicate "Love Love Love" by Donny Hathaway to her & her new beau!!! lol
POLL: 100% DO NOT SUPPORT getting arrested and punching cops. That doesn't bode well for you.
- it's a picture of a grilled cheese w/ guacamole sandwich...enjoy.
where did he end up?
: Oh and better readability throughout... Cleaner experience imho
Looking forward to our new partnership with NPC.
what are you guys doing tonight?
Do u realize 30 years from now some idiot actress is going to be talking about the "challenge of portraying an icon like Kim Kardashian"
If you want to improve your vocabulary...read and look up any words you don't know. Keep your mind active & add creativity to your
RT : RT : Blizzard condition in #Taos center. Temp dropping fast and snow sticking. #nmwx {#yummy}
finger-paint style photo/video shoot was a fun way to spend this rainy afternoon
if the two of them were to combine...i want to be dressed in it at my funeral.
Mikey? hay bby.
Caffeinated, smart me had just filed all those li'l trivial packets away and undercaffeinated/not-so-clear thinking me just didn't catch on.
I keep trying to doing my homework, but my computer has a magnetic field that pulls me to it and FORCES me to got on the internet :P
Rob Van Dam is seriously thinking about returning to WWE. Rob Van Dam is seriously considering returning to the WWE "
Cheers to Counselor Hillary Parcell, who was celebrated on the cover of on Saturday! www.hopewellnews.com
Good video games do more than entertain.They create a valuable experience in which players develop expertise, knowledge they apply to goals
Every night i pray that God bless me wit another freak like you.lmaoo 2/11/2012 </3
boy I wonder what kind of ugly that would produce. ha! maybe Todd could host! ha!
Virginia Woolf~ If you do not tell the truth about yourself you cannot tell it about other people.
One day spent in the house of God is better than a thousand spent anywhere else in the world.
Idk yet. Maybe like Megan good short our a bob
He Doesn't Know Me I live In Philly
GREAT hospitality at #tmtdu2012. Thanks to my newest BFF for showimg me "city rooms" at DU w location-based snacks!
I slept all of 45 minutes.
Agenda for tonight: Rooting a Nook Color, then sleeping for a long time.
At the Knicks game. Crowd chanting "47" - wizards score here in the mid 4th quarter. Pretty funny.
I kinda feel like everyone is only watching The Walking Dead because everyone else is watching it.
Sales is the engine that powers your business
Check out the job i just retweeted, could be good for you!
...fantastic! Thanks, Olen! And thank you, Great screen shots! you've got mad production skills. nice work!
it's cold and it sucks
vibes stoned.
and turned me into a nicki minaj fan! Lol I keep listening to right by my side :))
Me to brain: come on, time to wake up. My brain to me: fuck you, why the hell should I? Then it bitch-slapped me. Today will be interesting.
What happened???
its my birthday tomorrow my girlfriend just called said she touched you're wrist for me at the stl agt show said yu were great
OPD deployed in various sectors around downtown looking for cat &mouse vandals, arson
Reading Lolita and wondering why did I wait so long this prose is beautiful, and also how creepy will this get.
yeah I'm looking pretty pathetic right now. So sad!!
Two eggs Sunny side up with Bacon, Potatoes, Toast.M
So flippin' good! RT : Just saw a private screening of Moneyball... WOW!
Exactly what I thought.
#lakers fans Who do you personally hate more, #Celtics or #Heat? C's are all-time rivals but Lebron (sucks) & Co. are so hate-able. . .
hey there how are you
i refuse 2 give up. i refuse 2 let her walk out my life, im determined more than ever 2 make it right, i will have her back in my life!
Looking forward to another unproductive day in Doral, doing nothing except watching movies and sleeping
who cares if i get grounded ill do anything just to see him(:
yes, of course :). Already looking forward to the next Alpha Beer!
yupp it was shit! but we was cuttin up
yes sir :P
Bout time somebody bully Thad...<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0088>
That just made my day a whole lot fucken better !
hell yeah, glad you like it!
To all females don't be a victim, Women's Abduction and Rape Prevention Seminar January 28, 2012 Contact Anna for more info 786-333-4868.
they still trying to hold on to the best night of the year scared what this year gonna bring. Happy new year to you too!
"The tip of the Mitt" -- oh no Ann Romney didn't.
I can't wait to get out of this dorm room. A few more months and I'm IN THE BLOWS
RT : rt- our lesson is to work with those who resonate with our viewpoint and all the others will be repelled.
Happy Follow Friday to all you sportos, motorheads, geeks, sluts, bloods, wasteoids, dweebies, dickheads. Thanks for adoring me ;-)
#ilikeobamacare because our politicians always do well with "comprehensive" legislation.
your welcome!
Every thing he signed,every law,executive order,every EPA reg,every Green Agenda,the list goes on,all monies Michelle spent
My mind's got a mind of its own...
Do you all host a book discussion group these days?
Not sure what I think of using the homeless as pawns in our bandwidth obsession, referring to 'Homeless Hotspots' at SXSW
42 Day Book a Job challenge is on.....why do costar roles keep coming to me out of nowhere?! :-)
Looks like a good crowd at the always-friendly #quelab - hope to see you here!
Excited for #hotties pizza (and wine?) night!
“ #WeWontWork if you have nothing going for you .”
I want a Jolly Rancher right now. Ugh.
Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world. Nelson Mandela.
2 Classes Down, 1 To Go.
So let's fast-forward to the part when we suddenly stop talking so I don't have to sit here and waste my time.
What your on the internet looking for come backs! With your cheap ass lines!! >:D
Do it!! Just for the adventure!! At least once... Go go go!!
Guess they never got my name off the program. had a travel conflict. I am sure Susan did an excellent job!
Big updates are coming up this week! Stay tuned!
-__- fuck all that noise carolina bout to smack duke
#reenvisioningnagel I keep thinking of the skills that my own children are missing by the nature of their disabilities
im sure we will :D but lets hope its over the summer or something
BEARS GOT BRANDON MARSHALL!!! IT'S OVER #SuperBowlShuffle #CuttyGoesDeep Amazing start just 10 minutes in Free Agency!
Just read "Requiem For a Glass Heart" and it absolutely slayed me. Gorgeous and heartbreaking.
I'm on annual leave today & Monday. Let's talk Tue and maybe do a CuratePete'sCamp.
Fridays are for #food tweets. #FoodieFridays we suppose. Actually, ideas welcome. Bon Appétit!
Excellent keynote by , Ambassador of the Republic of Indonesia to the US. Thank you for coming!
I'm not playing games with you. I'm done doing that.
google it daaaaaaawg
Clear skies tonight will drop temps into the mid to upper 20's. Mix of clouds and sun tomorrow with hi of 58. Rain/Snow mix possible Sat.
Some people want it to happen. Some people wish it would happen. Others make it happen
#That1FriendThat is obsessed with the Hunger Games.. Oh wait, there's like 5 of them.
TONIGHT @ The Mansion DOWNTOWN in concert! Get your tickets NOW for only $9.89! See you tonight with 98.9 Magic FM
warner still has his mojo on
Headed up to Conger park in Jackson for a tennis match against Madison
Yo Corte,Do you have a contact for production?
Heavy-Hearted Djokovic Powers Through Three-Setter At Monte Carlo; Rafa Romps Novak Djokovic battled through news of his grandfather's pa
what can i get into today
ASMT welcomes Pike High seniors for apprentice day.
what does PDS stand for?
o yea lol
is really feeling herself right now! LOL
"Thinker, Morality, Determination." - great read!
I've seen lone feral chihuahuas several times. I say we call for photo submissions and start a feral chihuahua tumblr.
I need u all to Rt this tweet if u like my new icon :)
Julie Dash at free 20th Anniversary Screening of "Daughters of the Dust." 2Morrow at the New School, W13th St. RSVP here!...
consensus - we all agree that we can support the outcome - have a fall-back for decision-making; transparency is very important.
Google has inspired me to celebrate Heinrich Hertz's birthday several hundred times a second.
Thanks for the follow Jamie!
Only she can pull it off
Good reviews are beginning to come in on BUZZ, a young adult novel set in South Texas. About a boy & a beekeeper & dealing with bullying.
The sound of rain falling asleep >
yo yo, check out Diamond Plate. Holy shit they rock!
Looks funny lets go watch it when it's out!
That's why I don't trust anyone.
Our End of Year Jewelry Clearance SALE is going on now. Save 40% more on select jewelry.
Gonna be leaving shortly for a dbl @ Long&Horny. ...:::that noise:::...
I hate the city name hats the NFL draftees wore. Extremely ugly.
is just now discovering Twitter
At a wedding where we only know the bride and groom. There is free beer, however. We will make friends, I'm sure.
Nice ! RT : Is it weird that I absolutely LOVE being sore from working out.
2011 Bachelorettes - Sherry's got San Diego wrapped around her finger... check here for all the free perks and deep discounts in SD...
Just witnessed a triple play here at #Dodger Stadium!
Pulling the boat shoes out...
haha wow what do u guys do on the phone ???
When people take for fuckin ever!!!-.-
Cory Booker literally saved a woman from a fire. Vince Gray, its time to step your game up.
Thank you to for continuing to support Marion St. Garden this season! We can't wait to celebrate more successes with you all.
Tonight was so great, thanks friends!
great to hear. I'm good. Hanging with my wife and kids
I'm like the Hulk. You wouldn't want to make me mad. I throw a fucking temper tantrum, it's pretty fucking pathetic.
thanks Kat - he was such a sweet boy.
i watched soul surfer the other day&it took me forever to realize u were in it. You looked different in lemonade mouth lol
have to be up in 4 hours, dance competition tomorrow :)
Rehearsals are in full swing for Carmina Burana...I feel a little "O Fortuna" coming on...
so how do i find more #followers, #terps, #wizards, #caps, #ravens, #orioles fans welcome
Toothbrush Express offers great discounts on Johnson & Johnson Dental Pics and most oral care products.
theres no rainbow on our block man, your iPhone is a liar.
We're planning a theatrical release this fall, and are currently participating in festivals across the country. Keep...
did they say anything of importance at all
thank you for letting me exhibit my two best skills tonight; those of spelling and shaking my booty.
Agree!...Gross, eh? Sweaty bodies, cheap drinks, not-so-classy girls & a few skeezy frat boys. Best advice: Keep your shoes on.
DAILY POKER TIP: When you're not in a hand, try to guess what the other players have. This will sharpen your reading skills.
Don't you mean #Marksaiditwouldbelikethis? Ha! How about the nice move-in weather?
Sound and performance with walking La- Nikon d800- rain- a new tripod- Ojai- SIDMAKER Tuna melt- going to brazil for a shoot- video-thoughts
“: thank yu” no problem,guy.hit me up!
Going to bed have to be at work at 6. Have a good night- talk to you tomorrow ;-)
And deprive myself of the joy I'm experiencing now?? It's the little things.
Screw this ishh i'm movin'!
I've been so stressed this month & today made it NO better...Lord, give me the strength.
#AlexOWNEDiJever Lol iJever Dont Mess With Mahomies You mess With The Best You'll Go Down With The Rest...
Ahh, TGIF. #Indy, what do you have in store for the weekend?
Second time I've heard about audioboo today. Recording and submitting audio with your mobile device. Great info!
on Tues at with Brennan Andes Trio featuring members of
The amazing performing at Silk Exotic tonight and in studio in a little bit.
I wish I could bust all those pranks that Bart does... v.v im a litto pipi
Oh yeah, I ran in a marathon yesterday! Totally inspired by
try 7-11 - and let us know what you think!
RT : Health Evolution Partners: Were going to focus on companies addressing unmet needs #health2con Gee, good idea.
Waterfront antics, haberdashery shoppe oddities and zombie watching from the corner of the terminal. I loved that day w/you.
My bro uses a camcorder and it's really nice. But I think laptop cause you wanna make filmmaking a career
Being Centered has nothing to do with where you are but everything to do with where you are trying to go.
hahah, only if you knew the half of is shawnte ... #onlyif.. Hahah kyree is to much!!
#Gemologist is described by trainer Todd Pletcher as being a consummate professional, talented, reliable, always giving 100 percent.
: I worked for Rodney Kings Record label in the 1998
Last day of classes. Yyuuuuuhhh
Mights as well go to bed
Stop being hilarious.
Note to self: don't wear flip flops in a hail storm ... Ouch my toes!
goin to starbucks #addicted o.o
Woohoo! Plz donate my ticket to anyone who will enjoy the game. I have family obligations. I like the podcast! Good takes!
Mind following my new account ?
um, nobody has Star Wars yet. was asking what are you looking forward to in '11.
yep never dull moment here w/the monkey jackin lol but maint was in my newer apt today. ya! good sigh for 6/1 move.
RT : "We ALL want every good thing for our children. Where is the controversy in that?"
#thatawkwardmoment when u retweet someone's tweet and u didn't mean too and you realize a day later....nicccceee
For residents near Southton Road, we're hosting a Mission Reach public meeting tomorrow night at 6:30 at 9874 Southton Rd.
Mount Holyoke alumnae are a great networking resource! Don't hesitate to activate it!
I love when clients come up with a funny ideas for their videos. Shows their sense of humor to their industry.
lol for real.
We are all just Stardust.
Jeremy Lin was asked if he could return this series: “In a few games. Not tomorrow or the game after or anything like that.”
I hate being new....cant wait to start getting the hang of things so i can shut this trick up ~___~
please follow me? <3
It's Not True That You Are Getting Married
You know you want it, so come an get it. Cheerio ;) <U+2764>
Are we to the point of commodification of the archive?
No, of course not. His contract is DP-esque, and the Flyers are going to pay for it.
I want to hear this joke b/c I was there: MT : I had a Tiananmen Square joke earlier, RT A tank rolls into a bar...”
what's good
yeaa but ina big bin cuzzzz his food literally goes right through him hahaha he's not potty trained yett
is Boufbowl going to make it to other communities? It's some beautiful silly good fun. :)
what are you watching?
Reading between the lines is an art that some people can't grasp
I just love to clean my room on a Monday morning!
are you going to write a #nycc article for ?
Excited for and Cut the Rope. Love that game!
#OMGrandegame Willow, Judy Garland
DreamFace Interactive is in San Francisco for Web 2.0 Expo www.web2expo.com We are on booth 331 starting tomorrow. Come see us!
You just need to devote a few more hours to studying!
quick. Turn it off!
The 'Adult Unlimited Class Program' at IMPAC is a success! Please be advised that the fee is $58.
Apt. neighbors getting a karaoke machine is basically an act of war, right?
Actor Blair Wing finished an MFA, worked w/ a dance company, auditioned for major network TV shows and had trouble landing roles
Making a video-ography room this weekend! With :)
Children classes/w parents?
RT : Virginia's Spring Game this Saturday will be televised by ESPN3 beginning at 2:15. Remember, that's ESPN3....
I keep searching for something that's already gone.
no thanks. lol
just pay it forward
don't stop believin, hold onto that feeeelin.
Yeah. I think they have bigger issues to deal with right now.
same to you girl! Hope its a blessed one for you
The Royal Wedding is Tomorow Wow
And thats why ive never done acid, really dude, its a tree, not a pay phone
Yes they will. They're not going to risk damaging that kind of talent. No team would these days.
if the penguins don't win their next game against the flyers, i will be very sad.
Thanks Ken! I did. How are you doing?? I feel like you haven't been up with us as early in the AM :(
People are going to get in big trouble with , that's why it's anonymous. Except anonymity doesn't exist. Thanks for playing.
Welcome new friends! Let us know how we can help.
There's trouble afoot at the Circle K...
lol that sounds like a fair trade. I'll try my hardest
You are so sweet D!!!! I love you! Thank you so much for the wishes, means the world! Can we pls do coffee soon?!
Morning! You are never given a dream without being given the power to make it true: Richard Bach. Thanks to for this quote!
what's wrong? I was with my sister just how saw ur post
I just came here to see if that was true and going around here.
I'm ridin solo
UPGRADED INTO PRODUCTS DIVISION YEAH!!!!!!
Sadly that is the truth of most social media.
RT : Just got done with a great interview with & Thx fit having me yall
I SERIOUSLY LOVE THEM I ILLEGALLY DOWNLOADED THEIR WHOLE DISCOGRAPHY IT GAVE MY COMPUTER A VIRUS
There is no finish line. ~ Nike advertisement
jur so nice :) you didnt me while you were in town doe :(
Just now: Saw a gecko & screamed, spooked my dog & she ran away, I chased her & stepped on a frog. I've failed.
Nike grand opening! Holllla
RT : feeling inspired to spice up my text notification sound.
Mad that i didnt get to talk to the person today.. im leightweight sad
Pete Campbell is about to invent stalking...lol #MadMen #Rory Gilmore
Opportunities are usually disguised as hard work, so most people don’t recognize them. –Ann Landers
Good morning. I just got kimchi in my eye.
I must say Think Like A Man was hilarious... Good good movie. Yal must see.
I would love to be your girlfriend "All Day"! lol <333333
“: You were joking? Chalk it up to #Poe 's law. ///exactly...and thank you
i want u wen the sun comes up but ur not there wen i need u..:(
ya there is something a lot better #soundhoud it's amazing! You'll thank me later
I want to go home. I'm so fucking frustrated I can't even do anything right
Wishing all the moms, mums, mommas, mommy's a Happy Mother's Day!
She said she only buys food from chic fil a because she can wash off the containers and reuse them -_-
Now Following
What song was stuck in your head today on your run?
GOOD EVENINGZ Y'ALL. HOPE YOU ALL ENJOYED ANOTHER HOT DAY LOL. WAITING ON THE SUN TO GO DOWN SO I CAN TAKE MY EVENING RUN!!! ;-)
Yeah Apex and Nova are specifically for ICS...
There should be a way to re-Tweet entire Twitter conversations. Hit 'view conversation', and then have a 're-tweet conversation' option.
Aww boys are really shy! :-P its kinda cute!!
May your nog be strong, Your driving all done, The presents be fun, Your family, a hit, With not a lick of spit...
well aren't you chipper? Good morning! :)
i just did a quick run- the gym is peaceful on fridays!
shout out to one of my favorite rappers . Mad cool. He got some heat coming real soon.
Carl Demaio, Nicole Ramirez, Bonnie Dumanis and the current Mayor. ALL Republicans that support Equality. STOP THE GAY BAITING!!!!!
Niggas fuck the same pussy . shake hands & laugh about it. bitches fuck the same dick . get mad & fight about it
i'll post it on the biebermist twitpic account .
if any of the Mahomie family is feeling down ; I'll always be there for y'all. <3
Lot of sweatpants and fanny packs in this library.
hi selena~ good morning~ love you my dear friend~ have a great day and take care <3
But who is who?! RT : Mr. Met standing directly next to Mayor Bloomberg at the podium.
let's start the game! haha. lol. :)
Thanks for following me!! It made my day! As soon as I saw you followed me I smiled like crazy! <21
I wish I had a #crew D:
im new to twitter im, a up & coming singer
lol I always walk about 3-4 kg over, the cut is easy as I have 48 hours to make it.
Furthermore I don't think anyone saw Johnson unseating Feingold. It was the first major election post-Citizens-United..
GOOD THING MY MOM IS PICKING ME UP SOON
so does this mean Asheville is going to secede?
Working on some growth charts today, which means ironing. I won't iron clothes but I will iron for art !
thanks for the follow dudes!
With a journalism degree I can probably teach you to spell better than the other haha.
Cut and paste isn't actually a metaphor, FWIW
So Hunters from LA are planning to sell some "Hunter Bracelets" online, and luckily 60% of the earnings will proceed to a charity.
Camera Fun Time: shoot subject using a stool in various positions from different angles. Make half the shots candids and half smiles.
Good morning to all!
Rocking out to Bluegrass Metallica with , , , , , & It's good!
Headed to Collin County Child Abuse Prevention Gala Fundraiser thing at the Anatole with Kenny Loggins...I voiced the promo..all dressed up
Let us know if you hot-weather promo pros have any tips for us Northeastern folks!
cool I am also going to see Avengers in IMAX tonight. I hope this movie is better than Shame lol!
"There is little success where there is little laughter"
and you ant never lie broke ass niggas
Officially on vacation
Nostalgia isn’t what it used to be…
We finished a lot of gloves for the designers for Fashion Week. I wish them all much sucess and never give up on your dreams.
no one has picked it up. I'd be pissed if it was my bag.
Who's visiting me at work tonight!
Be sure to check out Golden Light Catina in Amarillo, Texas. Oldest surviving bar on Historic Route 66!
:) no regrets ...... everything is done for a reason
Jayla acts like #bss is something you volunteer for its clearly something you get sent to as punishment
looking like a good night for sure!
happy birthday!(:
Learn how to safely operate a motor vehicle on public roads to deliver goods or services.
please please please know that your fans love you do much
#c2css12 Simply put quotes around "phrases" that you suspect did not "come from their brains." :-) Joelle Pitts from K-State
In Exeter, New Hampshire, sleepy old New England town looking out the window of this historic hotel watching orange leaves sway and fall.
Probably always have! :P
Just finished watching that lol. Probably one of the better Francis videos for sure.
Whats that supposed to mean?
Thanks for the
Today at Oregon Convention Center - where books and brides collide! #wordstock and a bridal show under the same roof!
Thanks for the follow!
thanks u know i need your help
You deny your blessings when you take without giving.
so I ask, do you really deserve your dreams? If you dont decide, you never get the chance to see. So, take a risk
They Byzantine Fresco Chapel is staying open until 10pm tonight. Come by and say farewell to the frescoes!
What you don't see with your eyes, don't witness with your mouth. — Jewish proverb
That's a good idea! Not currently on our product roadmap, but we're open to exploring.
Precisely :) sorry to leave u out! : Well, I am hapa. So, I'm only half-snubbed? ”
Seems logical to me. I like the way you think.
We are live-we have all the reaction to the #NCAA #tournament games here-USSportspages.com
works for me! Haha
God it's you I love you You're so beautiful you're so happy you made the perfect end to jasmin
Devotchka is the best thing ever.
About to start
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams. Eleanor Roosevelt
oh god can't wait to hear about it
My qualms come with putting INCREDIBLE HULK so low as its one of my favorites. Loved the direction and cgi work.
And please, let me be free from you. I can face the truth.
Good morning! Happy Tuesday!
YES! Spurs in 5...so long as I don't bet again! Ha
I heard it on KSR. Who's jersey should I wear tonight? Will you sign this for me? You don't know the John Wall dance?
Follow all the awesome people we covered this week!
Looking for high quality USB wireless headset to use with skype, preferably wraparound style, under $150. Suggestions? Sources? Thanks!
My friend brought it again today at . In a storm? You must download his message this wk. I'll post the link.
RT : An optimist sees a zombie as half alive. A pessimist sees a zombie and says "yep, I knew this would happen."
It was an awesome chat tonight and def one of my fave topics. #IntDesignerChat (had to scoot in and out though)
wow what a comeback from the old puma swag of the 80's
we still got eachother!
RBI double from G. Cipolloni and 2-RBI single from Skinkis highlight the inning for Virginia.
thank you!!!
Grief can be likened to waves in the ocean. Sometimes it is low tide with soft water at your feet, other times you have head high waves.
#Tennessee #Titans Legend #EddieGeorge is now part of #legendsfantasyleagues..think you can take down a #heisman winneer?
lmao i mean my best friend Lol her name is carola
Ah! Today is my Super Bowl! There is no time to lose.
I wonder if people in France and Germany say, "Excuse my English, but......"
ok but are you cool if Zac comes to brunch... And London?
on my way with my little barbie doll!!!!!
My great grandmother is psychotic....
Your feeling cornered try being the victims of your lies
will you please follow me?? (:
episode got cut off. Some interesting companies, anyway!
6:00 PM - American Cancer Society Benefit w/a ton of local bands.
If I drink more coffee it helps me not be too grouchy the next day and I've got really powerful under eye concealer! LOLz ;)
Who else is a little more than slightly excited for the #NewGirl series to get kickstarted?
Find me on skype; Username: brian.silverj
What are the odds of that; i saw a Navajo Nation Police cruiser. Been a long time since I've seen them.
#whatIlearnedToday "the defenders of the earth" theme song was written by stan lee
Who's up?!
The jukebox at the bar has Michael Jackson's "Will You Be There." Party started.
I don't stand for that shit Lyle said instant block
Females in Red bottoms. O WEE
I should probably get my laptop charger, but then I won't be able to run to the other room screaming "ITS GONNA BLOW UP!"
Control your thoughts or someone else will.
It's always impossible until it's done.
Odd question, but if anyone knows a good Brooklyn or NYC physical rehab place that's good with amputees, it'd be great to hear.
CALL 619.224.3254 and get 30% off of a Harbor View Room when you mention this tweet for stays Tonight through Thursday! CALL now!
yay! that means we can play all day!!:D
Haven't went running for a while and it shows. Ouch.
A job is still a job, right? :) Keep up the great work!
HELLO, IM LOOKING FOR PROJECTS TO WORK ON OR A PRODUCTION DEAL FOR TWO PRODUCERS/SONG WRITERS I MANAGE
lemme do it. It's easy
or who have lost children. There may be a way to acknowledge that loss in the midst of a celebration.
Do it straight like that
RT : #210 T.G.I.F. #Fridays #GetFamiliar wit
it's super Tuesday & my boy Herman Cain is MIA? lol
Fuck animal cruelty.
Ha! Fellowship. Now we know who actually paid attention.
The Internet is becomin the townsquare for the global village of tomorow and am here to make a settlement of my own..
hey. Job still worKing u to death?
Great fuel show! First time I've seen moshing to 1000 miles hahah!
#Np Tank &&; Chris Brown - Foreplay
yep! Did you check him out?
me too. did you pre order or are you getting it later?
disagree disagree disagree
the awkward moment when you can't find your friend&you're standing there looking like a loner
Thanks to the reds the cubs now win an impressive 26 percent of the time. Hey but it's cool we won it all in 1908, right?
WTF WEDNESDAYS!!!! Mary Ann Gutierrez: Wtf is up with all the attention seekers on fb??!!
Thank you!
So who's diggin our music!?
Just Made Ha Mad. Smh!
Correct answer for starry night mural location was Mt Washington behind crepe du jour. Congrats to the winners! Now let's go Ravens!
Went to Forever 21.
How has society not tapped into this great idea? We will be well-laid geniuses.
Are u serious zachary you feel good and wonder why Hell its because you should
Guess what I have for tonight?? A whole f*ing pile of oyster crackers!!
Now ill be up all night till chris talk to me hehhe
": We all know that one girl that dresses up like she's going to a club, but her dumbass is at school."
yes! Thank you. Plan on posting tomm
RT : Nancy Grace is about to go HAM about this verdict! Let loose the dogs Mrs Nancy Grace!! Yes she is!!
I did that? I'm very sorry.
wow. Good luck with all that...
Some people want to talk and talk. Don't they know I've got to go into the bathroom and jerk off.
You are America's sweetheart Miss Betty White, i use to stay home and watch you in Golden GIrls. Love Hot in Cleveland!
Happy to say that today's my Friday! Lots to be done before enjoying a long weekend. Early #FF for , fabulous digital media pro!
I put a hole in a monkey.
Regardless of who you like, getting to a game 7 is good baseball, perhaps if we all light up a Jaime Garcia it will help the Cardinals mojo!
Muchas Gracias:-) MERRY CHRISTMAS & A GREAT NEW YEAR!!!!!!!!!
i l y more :) whats up?
I been waiting
what's good bra. Is it true about mike T
Ya go Griz. Rudy Gay and OJ Mayo most underrated players. Pacers or 76ers would be cool
welp Wat do they call it ? #twitterafterdark ...so you go to sleep if yu don't wNt to see this lol
Today I´m going to the beach with my friends.... it will be fun
All of my favorite things! RT On Tap Today: Eat, Sing, Read.
Great season
ctfu ugh its ya boy rick ross ugh and my boy wise marciana ugh and my nigga jaysmooth ugh lol
Rue La La has a bridal boutique today... eat your hearts out, brides to be!
real talk
Already having one of "those" days. When you're a cannibal, EVERY fight is a food fight!
yo gabba gabba! my new favorite kid's show!!!
I guess I can say this: I am passionately committed to being part of an open and affirming UMC congregation.
good luck on that, save me a bowl
That was a poor mistake by Terry, but he didn't appear to hit him very hard... Alexis went down very easily.
Planning on it eventually. :)
I wish I had remembered it's April Fool's Day
I consider the "something big" knowing who you are and how to project this awareness for full benefit.
1-0 series lead for the Heat, this is gonna be a good series ! I hope Bosh's injury isn't too serious
Hey Mike, thanks for the ataboy
than 2out of the 4 tryed to put chewd gum on me
Time Magazine Generously Shares National Magazine Award
dance remix of welcome to the jungle?
haha true that!
Is back to the good ol' us & a!
#SocialMediaTip never let your emotions take advantage of you
at number 10, they draft BPA. Whoever they have rated the highest that is there, they will pick. Looking for game changers.
let's go to the movies tonight. In honor of Betsy's bday!
i know where you live too... It might not be there when you get back :P
Oh, it's the worst feeling, especially since I really do want people to be able to read it.
omfg just cracked the fuck up when he's like fucking off the wall singing that I'm dying
Okay, and Thank you. I went to you site...All I can say is WOW!! I have 20 years in and around the kitchen.
Let's see, Well, the 2010 Leonetti Merlot is kickass
i am great!! may i ask what your name is?
Hoping to have a new song wrapped up tonight!
why u up so early??
Psychological Fact: To dream that you have a crush on somebody is a literal reflection of your attraction & fascination for that person
- is it going down this Sunday? blog doesn't say much about it.
YOUR FUTURE: Today you must leap into a more INTERNATIONAL frame of mind. Your own provincialism is holding you back. AFRICA, for example.
got i bro
Reading David A Kessler's THE END OF OVEREATING: Taking Control of The Insatiable American Appetite. ~It's an excellent book
People with many interests live, not only longest, but happiest. George Matthew Allen
im sad diggys tour isnt coming to VA but i really hope to meet u again soon. my friend alex loves u and is dieing to see u :)
What's wrong with being a bitch?
us too:)
I'm Antonio, Reference Librarian at a medical library in NYC.
Fresh Our donuts, cookies, brownies & muffins are so delicious, you'll wonder what we put in them.The answer is simple - love/sugar.
Sneak Peek: See Clips from the Series Finale of Wizards of Waverly Place! (VIDEO) If you ’ve been keeping up with the Disney Channel hi
ok so my work computer has some sort of "threat found" on it.. but ESET can't clean or delete it.. what gives? :
Contracts are beautiful things. I love working with the language. Is there anything more beautiful than that which makes things fair?
Who want a innerstate Ike verse? I got u for the low.. Let's work! Wat up?
I have stayed in contact, dummy!
lol. well in that case im currently digging you singing tatto via youtube
Happy birthday, gorgeous!!!
Been gone for a while . IM BACC :)
RIP Whitney.... we will be playing a mix of Whitney songs again today, in tribute to such a beautiful woman & legacy.
thank you for everything! Couldn't ask for a better birthday.
I Hope So Cause i Been here since Day one!
#fuckbroncos big tooth bastards
What a great quote. Rockin'!
That was Brooklyn's Jesus shot for no fuckin reason -the game
British accents <U+2665>.<U+2665>>>>
Definitely.. its so inefficient and removes any form of incentive of making a better living for people..
Headed to the beach tomorrow!
yea yea. nbd.
Well work sucks so far. Wishing I was heading to Dallas now. Is it Friday yet?!
IT is Nice to know that My brand New spankin Ipad is Paid 4 Free and Clear
Get after way to gain free stuff like food and drinks throughout Madison!!
thanks for the add. We tweet a ton as well, and look forward to sharing information with you!
My wife called me and was anxious about our cat who is home alone, was not anxious about me...
KDE creates app for parents to stay in touch with child's classroom & teacher.
RT : - not going to run for the Whitehouse but he's up for a White Castle run! Me: Oh Snap!
lam following
just listened to your buddhist geeks podcast, it was great! Can't wait to read the book :)
“You need a plan to build a house. To build a life, it is even more important to have a plan or goal.” – Zig Ziglar
I will try my hardest:) I gotta hang with the fam tomorrow!!!
Did a backhandspring last night for the first time since over a year ago.... definitely feelin that today.
The only spot that owen wants to fall asleep is right on my ankle, which is, subsequently, also asleep..
oh my, tell me where you went so I don't go there, lol, =-)
Cold run today. Wore everything I packed except for a plastic bag. After a mile realized I should have worn the bag too.
7-miles. We're not meant to be there. RT : James Cameron is now on the seabed of the Mariana Trench, 35755 ft, per
I hate getting out of bed to get ready for bed :(
is that what the apparition told you?
Cheers ... Andre in a hotel ice bucket = classy
How can I BE a REAL part of 'THRIVE'?
anyways, hahaaa, i'll stop spamming you twitter messages now :)) ttys!
My little sister actually has tallents I just suck I'm general.
Because nobody cares what Perry says at all.
Good day at the gym. :)
Brandon Paul - Wow!
Great meeting you too! Let me know if you ever get up this far North!
Heading to the Missouri Baptist Convention today in Raytown with our Pastor. Should be an interesting day.
yo come follow yo boy back
Thanks to all the fans that show up I felt the love!
:haha yes that sometimes works :p or just hangout with you because you make me laugh so hard! FISH...
All designers for our finale fashion show has been selected... Can't wait!
Lol..um, what are you talking about?
then i won't be available until 18th :(
Blasting Right Above It.. Everytime I hear it I think of and
~Joseph AddisonPleasure is very seldom found where it is sought .
Are you working weekends? That's crazy! We quality check all documents and verify receivers prior to delivery-not automatic
- Happy Easter/Passover to you Ryan. Wish you were here with me. My heart feels what it feels. :-)
Thanks SO much for the mention !!!!!!
save some for me.
Go comb your hair
AMeN!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A> Praising God today for opportunities I never could have dreamed of- including meeting you!! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B> Have a great day!<f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B8>
Feelin good after the solid MU game - now gotta get ready for G-town
#ReasonsWeDontKnowWhatLoveIs FIRST N FOREMOST we too stuck up our own ass to pay attention to what we need to change so love can find us
Join us at our Little Italy location for an All Night Happy Hour! Enjoy light bites and daily wine and beer specials with us!
“: Don't judge. Behind every person, there's always a reason why they are the way they are.”
Wow just wow.
About to head to American deli for these phillies ^.^..but first I need gas -__-
Dance class 2night 7p Bible Study 8p, best Hip Hop Class in town, totally cheep! More info at www.rocksteadydance.org
I heard Judge Penny Brown Reynolds speak today. She was awesome!
RT yes okay brilliant
for some reason i feel like taking pills
what's up?
Hey Peeps! Today's your last day to enter 's March Madness to win all kinds of great theater tickets including...
Thanks for listening brother!!!
“: follow back?(:” followed!
Review: Wuthering Heights
RT : See you in Memphis on Sunday.
Thinks that "Peter Francis Geraci" can suck it!!!! For realz!!!
is coming to Janesville, WI! Come out to Riverside Park on Sat May 12th at 10 AM to participate in our free Fistball Clinic!
Happy Solstice !
Police have surrounded the Anasazi Building, a boarded-up skyscraper in downtown Albuquerque, hoping to catch a trespasser. A copper thief?
Good morning y'all! 4 day work week, yeeaaaa! (5 for us Saturday client-focused Over-achievers)
I love how I'm always surrounded by couples at school. It's cute but then I get a little bothered :/ #LetsBeCuteTogether?
No! Maybe he'll be available for the other GSW game down the road?
Q5 via Where did you last discover?
#Actors! Just heard: #Audition seminar at #Reproductions was/is already sold out! Thanx. UR awesome. Looking forward to your #actor mojo!
Wedding and honeymoon done.. BEST time of my life... Now at the airport ready to head home to LA:-)
story of my life
two strikes
It costs a lot to sue a magazine, and it's too bad that we don't have a system where the losing team
#Drew this is my 2nd tweet. Keep singing. You can do it. & I will buy your albums & go to your concerts. You're amazing. <3
Glad to hear the first day was good!
have fun!
You're in the back of my mind
mos def! When we do one for m.a.c. Its gonna be pretty interesting lol especially with lmbo and his silly self
A Knights Tale! :)
Kitchen Nightmares: Ungrateful assholes who have made bad business decisions get bailed out.
Hmm should I jump back into the world of Skyrim? Play through Mass Effect 2 as evil Shepherd? Or play a bit of COD?
Vin Scully has a lot to say about the war today.
in the middle of it. But I do have hope that the situation is resolve for the sake of the innocent caught in the middle. Peace
You know, it's a shame about Google+. The photo gallery design on that site far surpasses Facebook.
A lot of the CEA analysts are speaking at our Industry Forum event this week. Check out for event news.
When searching jobs on LinkedIn, use the 'more' tab to search by skills and expertise for a more tailored search.
You wanted to know my fave song right now ? The new song "Waste A Lot Of Things" // can't wait for the new album
mike u have my number...
sure thing
": Way to go young man getting paid, getting paid <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00B4>"...I heard calvin got a job!..let's rob his ass!
7 clinical trials closer to a cure. Help raise funds for #Duchenne research. Text SAVE to 80888 to donate $10 to the cause RT
4L: DISABILITY; SMART MONEY; LINE OF MEIER; SIGN SAYS
Spotted and his crew outside for lunch. Hope ya made the smart choice and got a deli sandwich
Please stay for the very end of THE AVENGERS!
#realtalk RT You know who rocks? She's on this little run and I'm so glad. But she doesn't check her twitter feed
Hip Hip Horray for 1001 followers!
Currently listening to: MESSER - The One That Heals on Http://www.Dagnomusic.com
God gave me elevators and for the ups and downs
am I hungry?
will do my man!
I now understand the blue balls theory
It is a dream of mine that one day theses will consist of one, incredibly well-thought-out search engine query.
S/O 2 all da Sexy Women Who following Me, BlacFritz aka Mr.HangLow, aka Make u Squirt:-)
I don't think I could ever say this enough......... I Love You!!!!! *Dreamy eyes*
will you be my mama???
yeah im gonna delete the tweet with my number # cuz maybe someone is gonna text me lol
DCPS teacher used primary docs from during his lesson about #GeorgeWashington today. Had the students reading & discussing!
what text?! Was it recently?
We got the #Miller girls in the house from 10-11 giving away FREE BEER & prizes! All Miller products are $1 off tonight as well!
Got so drunk last night. Was wearing some guy's du rag like a boss
Toka Salon...Nuri working his magic on my hair!
Flapping buttocks burned into my brain. Oh, the memories.
Time to re-factor a Wordpress hack to integrate with a sleek cloud based CRM that doesn't suck, called
#outfront #cnn If I trashed my boss online I'd be fired - Sgt Stein deserves to be sacked...for stupidity
Night world. See you in London tomorrow
yeah.. Well maybe we can like see each other like soon before school starts
"Curators tend to be gatekeepers; educators tend to be gate-openers." Sarah Schultz cites Tom Finkelpearl.
Keep your eyes peeled, apparently more roster news for the Timbers forthcoming after the #Fucito trade.
With everything that's popped up on my to do list this week, there MUST be an extra day in there. Have you seen it, ?
Just listened to the portfolio podcasts! My 1st step will be to print and file my coursework all in one place. :)
Thanks for following, will be posting more :)
Bout 2 my hair soon so I can start my preparation 4 the weekend...I'm gonna get it in...o yeah!
Just follow me and check my facebook page
Absolutely exhausted. How am I going to survive the rest of the semester?
i will
hey will you follow back? :)
I totally understand that! You know the gym and I am ready for you when you are. We are in there Tues and Thurs night @ 7:30.
Interesting ending to
6 epic screenings, 2 brand new gray hairs and 1 best editing prize for DETROPIA. Our Sundance journey ends and the life of our film begins..
I don't know if I can keep watching Girls. It's like reliving every bad decision I made in my early 20's, and who wants to do that?
Your too pretty :(
Hell hath no fury like the lawyer of a woman scorned.
Happy Halloween from Family Roots Travel. Be safe!
Would love a ballot of the people in the room about how open and transparent the companies are in this room?
Fun Fact Friday: Direct spending on leisure travel by domestic and international travelers totaled $489.7 billion in 2009.
It appears that way.
I wanna crawl :'(
haha I'm just joshin ya
Nothing you can confess can make me love you less... I'll stand by you
Is there a suggested way to get screen caps into a dropmark without having to go to the finder and drag the file in?
Madison in a varsity jacket;)
Thanks! I usually dont do the ff thing, but I always retweet so people see who is awesome enough to do it!
it would have to be GLD in carson or hollyweed, that spot we went to (: i like that too, they know how to accomodate their crowd
can i have a message in your fanbook??:)
Love the tie! And I like how "over it" you look in this pic. Plus, familiar shoes. ;)
Study found that kids who ate meals with family members are 24% more likely to eat healthy foods than kids who eat alone. A.Benjamin
WOW! Great idea! RT : Build your favorite real-world places in My Town 2! Available on iPhone, iPad, & iPod Touch!
If A's hold on & win today, they lead 9-5 in 8th, then A's will be 4-2 w/ Inge playing for them I have a sickness, keep tracking his stats
I mean 56% of pastors have viewed porn in the last 30 days and an additional 43% lie about it:)
Wait a sec, where are all of the obese kids in the Disneyland Kinect game?
this assembly gets me out of Math...yes
that is the nerdiest thing I've ever seen. And YES but I will do harder choreography.
yes indeed !!!!
Heh. You can look but you can't touch. ;)
@ I am crying I can't stop so much shock about Whitney
The new one! But "The Holiday" is my new favorite this year! White Christmas is amazing though as well. :)
dude it was pretty good. Likin the approach
I been.. But I should be going back for "work" soon.. I'll be on the lookout
We are glad you are enjoying the service! Happy New Year!
Thank you for standing up and doing the right thing
Getting excited about the Reston Triathlon this weekend... hoping for colder weather!
Lol. Did you watch it? It was a mess!
In fiesta. I hear the spanish "achy breaky heart". Then some guy starts drumming it........
agreed. Have fun!
it gives you "a reason" to wait....anybody?
With realization of one's own potential and self-confidence in one's ability, one can build a better world. Dalai Lama via
No I must have missed it... :-( Resend it. How you doin'?
Happy Tomlinson Tuesday!
When people on campus don't know how to chew with their mouth CLOSED!
Wood or masonry? Plaster interior or drywall? Big differences in how easy it is to fix/retrofit stuff. You need history of all work.
#patio love
Its hard when you realize that the person you actually trusted, was also the person lying to you the whole time.
your welcome! Enjoy the cookies!!
I just added everything to my igoogle and set it as my home page. You have inspired me!
bummer, we'll just miss each other. We're shooting at the
i have to do that to... still not stopping me.. haha
Ladybits discussion over. On to brown people!
not the same thing buddy
Thank you
So many new artists to write about! Don't worry, I'll have a new one for you guys soon!
Brule is trending....we can get him trending but not #qaaa ?!?!?!
ew it's sunday
I'm totally obsessed with 1D!!
Every time a Disney star's name trending, I automatically think it's because she's pregnant. Then I'm really disappointed when she isn't.
Bitterness and resentment are like taking poison and expecting someone else to die.
My Internet Business also features professional ad copy written my top internet marketing copywriters to maximize conversions
Watching the Georgia game! Go bulldogs!
Justins Skype: J*B*94**x* - Justins Cell#: 551-***-**** want the rest? follow - im only picking 10 winners!! (HURRY!)'
Uh oh I hear thunder :/ but that means rain! :)
I'm doing Great!!! Very busy these days. how are you?
all my childhood memories take place at Peter Piper Pizza! And I met my bestfriend there! I <3 ! :)
All I know is that kitten looks really interested in the camera instead of looking scared and confused from the punching it took.
sure sophie, what kind of business do you do??
It's 74 out and a perfect day to BBQ while watching the Grammys red carpet
ah shit, would you like a new job as my media director.....it pays in lite beer by miller?
Damn! That nap was bomb af! & I didn't miss shit!
Merry Christmas Tweeps! Enjoy the Holiday and see you next weekend for Leg Warmer Night on Fri and NYE on Sat!!!
I want pizza
RT : It has been proven that vigorous masturbation can cause penile rupture.
shout out to Chris Walker from all the Kentucky ladies
you are welcome :) LOL the industrial bag o gummie bears. I know where to go when i need my gb fix.
Know the right moment.
I'm seriously waiting lol
I'm out of town all day tomorrow so i'll have to regrettably pass
Y'all. is where it is at. Buy a bottle - sit - drink in a communal setting without bar skeeze. In love.
gearing up for Field Recording premieres + composers 2 follow
The moment you realize you downloaded Wilson Phillips last week and still haven't listened to it yet.
#FF We're going on a world tour. Catch us if you can ;)
GET AUSTIN VERIFIED
If you feelin like a pimp gone brush your shoulders off
"To get something you've never had, you gotta do something you've never done"
RT : At St.John's right now at accepted students day. It is live on this campus right now, getting hyped!
dont man sorry - i think you can buy them maybe online at ea?
you know how to rock the front braids.
IM out yall Muchie is sleepy RT for a GoodMorinq Tweet , && go Follow Mwahh Love yal keep ya head and swagg UP
love the bloopers section in the student project! Embrace "failure" as a positive way to learn! Well done!!!
i made my little sister sing gmyh to my fam :)
Who do I need to commission to get an arsenal of Nerf guns???
Lately... I haven't had any drama.... #iwonderwhy!
Oh, that sounds like a good one!
Good morning #Indy I see #sunshine, what a great start to the morning!
Really need a new set of friends....
#ideas2action randy bass: high impact practices-mostly in the co-curriculum.
Congrats. I'm not even half way there yet LOL.
Plan #2...Mall sounds good I guess.
Announcing a Wolf Camera Coupon for 20% Off Scrapbooking Materials
yu got like a crew or sum???
sometimes, I want replay for baseball.
new dating hot spot!
Keep away from people who try to belittle your ambitions.
Drives me crazy that never have it together when it comes to events/promos.. 2 dates listed as the Autograph day in July
: "What did you all think of Avengers?" // w/ $200+ million & highest opening wknd of all time, I think it speaks for itself!
= Queen of the Whores
I would be first in line for this museum of yours!
Ari's Having Another Live Chat This Weekend!
not really. I kind of see cont Ed time and training as work. I am a better pastor when I rest and recreate.
Put in some work this weekend. coming for in that high jump
we all need to get Starbucks together soon! I can pay you then :)
hahahaha oh please don't!
Thanks for the birthday wishes, all who have cared to post such. :)
Lunch Special! Virginia Baked Ham & Cheddar Sub, Fries, Coleslaw, and Drink...$7.
im back. did u guys miss me? (:
I've never met a $1 taco I didn't like. :)
I'll need to check them out!
Super high energy in your paintings... I love them!
what's big surf?
I think I'm....addicted to tumblr.
There is nothing frivolous about what you want and desire.
slash all the Disney characters lol
Only Peggy Olson is worse than Paris!!
“: Getting out of bed at the moment! :-)” Woohoo! <U+E142><U+E142><U+E142>
I want to be the Preezy of the United Steezy
what picture?
#TedCruz to #LPR2011 - #Obama does not understand that the #US has been the #hope and #change of the world.
I hope Clay Matthews rips off Jay Cutler's head and shits down his neck....GO PACK GO!!!!!
To All My New Followers, If You Want A Follow Back Just RT This And I Will Follow You ASAP :)
Mother's Day crawfish boil this Sunday.
Jace Hall -- DVDs were additive. Web is erosive. Tim Street - as TV to radio, web to TV
Told her since she missed her bus I'm going to sprinkle coke on the top of my dick and shove it up her ass.. The coke will numb it girl
Ugh you jack ass!
ok nice word dude
looks delicious!! Dan is the best.
RT Emile Heskey (9 goals) only 235 goals away from being Aston Villa's all-time goal scorer. Only 34 years old. Frightening.
I would totally love this weather if i didnt have to go to a damn meeting.
is Bass available for coaching some hitting on his days off?
how strange it will be to commute to LC for a week next week
Beavis and butthead do America never gets old.
yeah the way you did it is totally cool. provided your committee didn't make you work or justify yourself harder
I follow you now. Nice shoes! =:-)
just in time! I missed hwe though:/
Aw crap, now it's not a secret.
Thank you lady for the #FF mention!
So bored!
The soul that sees beauty may sometimes walk alone
Dear Natalie, I shall resend. Signed, my beard
The feeling is mutual!
Okay,I'm done...Re-sign Eric Tangradi for 1(or 2 years)..2-way the first year(1-way the last year)..Like they did with Dustin Jeffrey
MTV Movie Awards nominations heavy on &#39;Bridesmaids&#39; and &#39;Hunger Games&#39;
Coming up at 10 on two great stories on high school athletes who have worked extra hard to get where they are, but 2 very dif ways
Christopher Lambert is being very naughty. You should challenge him with a sword fight
Hashem I wish one of the was here in #Hillcrest right now - I'm STARVING!
Is that Kinnear/Cyrus movie based on a Nicholas Sparks novel?
< when someone calls u beautiful , but actually means it
Much love to you always Sis ! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A>
that's what happens when the post is beyond awesome and helpful :)
Anyone actually pay for Spotify premium?
Brrrrrrrrrrr! Get in here for some of that renown Fuji warmth!
So excited to go to #linklove this weekend! Boston here I come!!!
he is the boy with a amazing voice. he has come so far since "ShootUsDown" Proud Of Austin <3 we love you so much :)
Almost to Chicago for the show tonight!
If you find it, let me know!
I just finished my final paper!
I'm VERY impressed with the reports of your enthusiastic support of the Vietnam war early on. THAT is vision.
don't get it twisted...some team always have a big league then all of a sudden the team comes back and win it all
You & the boys will be one hour away from me next week & I don't have tickets to the show wa how awful! )': 1
hush with that non-sense.
where are you?!
Whatevs! I'll always have a soft spot in my heart for Eric hinske... Meltdownskee
Bebe Winnans did a beautiful song dedicated 2 Whitney Houston
Thanks to Top Hat for the M & M's.
Proud to be a Warhawk! D3 hoops champs.
Thank you! Wish you were here, too! The ladies are truly inspiring!
yo that actualy might work out . . . Ima link you up later for the details
awe :( I'll pray for her
RT : No2 played well today, 7 under and leading the field at the chevron, not far from his best going to take some beating.
I'm craving something but idk what
rescue and then no accountability?
Ha! Us neither. RT <------ will NOT be running a marathon
In Class Watching A Movie
Still no water. Dept says it will be going up this afternoon. Hope so.
RT:“: Up early @ WBAY & WLUK studios in Green Bay lying abt the BILLION DOLLAR SAVINGS 4 taxpayers in Wisconsin!”
Congrats to all the amazing designers showing today in Space 57! 2 shows down and 1 more to go! #Bravo #Onward&Upward
thanks for coming :)
Brady & Belichick set record for QB-coach wins Of course this pair could easily run off another 30+... tough to beat!
God I'm procrastinating. RT : "You know what this classical music could use? Leaping!" – Inventor of ballet
I wanna follow u
Thurs. morning, ye of little Noam-related patience.
seems 2 be on my mind at this late hour I miss my white cover n little seems like I see all I'm missing now that I'm away
Congrats! Well deserved, should be a long stay at the top
i never said i loved you
Lol imma laugh it off cause u hoes ain't worth it!
I'm going to write up a storm tonight.
Follow me please?! <U+2665> Please?<U+2665>
what flavor did your get? I'm addicted to the double chocolate one! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Good to see you all. I am tryi g to get in the swing of the tweets with you all
Thanks for the memories Kerry Wood best of luck
?If someone wants to be a part of your life they<U+FFFD>ll make an effort to be in it
Aw, thanks!
<Insert Awesome Sentance about being AWESOME>
When people ask me to follow random accounts <<<
Nope chillin in tonight I have work in the morning haha so I will save the partying till tomorrow haha.
#20ThingsAboutMe ive been through a lot these past couple of months.
m gravy
Believe, achieve, succeed.
Margaritas and shooting some pool!!
Shrimp steak liquor 'N pasta, real shit, all these other nigga's impostors
Four more hours as a
I have coffee and a long to-do list. Let's hope the former assists with the latter.
Ugh! Delayed at Midway Get me home to NY!!
Instead of feeling inferior because someone else can do something you
I can't believe it's not even noon yet!
if this Smile Train charity wants to get money out of me, they have to get some better looking kids for their campaign
last time, i thought it was closed. but then we got an open invite via email 12 hours before it happened
Sand<U+E328> I'll have my toes in the sand in 12 days!! Florida<U+E441><U+E04A><U+E43E><U+E307>
Nine & a half hours of sleep and I'm ready to tackle this week. Sure to be stressful.
Thanks Earl. Glad we connected on twitter.
Always $trive And Prosper.
how long you been in there?
Mr.Sutton, we have A list talent here. Just making sure email did not end up in spam. Did you recieve?
Your book is an essential resource for a mobile interpretive project I'm developing. Keep me posted on any further research!
Ahmed Shawki talking about Black Liberation & Socialism: End the New Jim Crow at MATC.
": Niall and Ali ? she is only a friend but they look cute together don't hate she is Only a FRIEND!"
thank you! I have even taught it to year 11 i took my name off the bottom tho x
I wanna give him & ONLY him my all
What did you think of last nights new episode of iCarly? ;D
"Through all the hard times in my life those nights kept me alive."
Happy 26th Birthday to my brother Chris, I love him so much :-)
hahahah that was what Jholl was doing too!!
"we share a lot of a brain"
Want to make sure my peoples is takin care of, but if they no longer in the vicinity, there's not much you can do.
Oh Thursday I have one thing to say to you,.. Hurry up into Friday!
I FUCKS WIT
“: It's official, the house in Chevy Chase is ours!” Congrats!
RT : For all of your night runners or walkers, please wear glow belts
I'm going to be walking home. :o er....running.
I seriously need a sequel to Say Anything, before I die *ding*
Some She-Hulk gossip for Avengers 2. Would love to see her appear but at the cost of no returning Banner. It could happen.
Neither "writer" nor "editor" appears, it looks like
I am glad you are feeling better.
follow me please i'm new to twitter and you are my inspiration
George Carlin on God and country
Just came home from school and just taking a little break then gotta get to the back grass and homework as usual
It's like 5000 watt night light
Is everyone's night filled with enough cheese?
Happy to help!
I always get lost every time I go there!
Is there really such a thing as a waste of calories??
Four in a row birds for TW.
:) sorry for the delay. My phones not the greatest LOL.
It is the part of a good shepherd to shear his flock, not to skin it. - Proverb
jealous....I have no breeze,
I just slept for 9 hours. I'm so happy I could cry.
Life's biggest lesson: Adults are just older children.
A2 Rapidly expanding channels, reductions in budgets & dept downsizing. Q2 Why does the treadmill prevail?
Gay marriage, or straight marriage… who gives a fuck; just be happy. I adore women & I always will, but live & let live.
yes. hell is also waiting for a doctor's appointment with KDWB on.
If my poetry aims to achieve anything, it's to deliver people from the limited ways in which they see and feel. - Jim Morrison
ima call CPS on u miss "shut up for I drop kick u n ur throat"! Who say that to a toddler?
#20factsaboutme 5. My natural hair color is blonde.
She right tho. Love is love is love.. no matter how fucked up the box that it comes in is..
Hi, thanks for asking. It is honestly going slower than I anticipated. So many things to learn. Mountain tea was interesting.
or not.
I was wondering the same— now it say bshwck. if ur at 's ol place tho, that's east WB I think.
RT : RT Today is National Bike to Work Day!<<--We might wilt on our bikes here in Phx. High today: 104.
where u was at then? huh Storie?
Tonight the Empire State Bdg will glow in pink/white to pay tribute to Evelyn Lauder, an inspiration and pioneer for breast cancer research.
im hungry so who coming to bring me sumin to eat
I just found out yesterday through myself. I like yours! ;-)
i'm not bored, i'm just not having fun. -__-
I hope that Boof guy realizes that is the risk one takes when purchasing a ticket. The #Reds can't control the weather.
(cont) and she LOVES you. She has done so much for me and the only way I can think of getting even close to repaying(cont)
Hard Skin playing this is hardcore?!? too funny. there better be some other shows being planned cc:
Oh. THAT kind of "escort"
I'm sure they will. He's a cool dude.. If you meet em tell em I said hi!
Don't tell my supervisor but my new secret goal is visiting archivist-in-residence at Girard College (along w/ EL of course!)
"I hate the way I'm falling for you."
I don't know about you, but I'm kinda yearning for Rob Lowe & sexy Snow White right about now.
I actually don't know. I just saw a commercial for it. And then I tweeted substituting Jake Arrieta's name. I'm ... I'm sorry.
I'm betting on a clean sheet tonight!!! Prove to the you are the best keeper in the league!!! We already know you are!!!
He want that cake (;
What's a chateau's favorite breakfast food?
Hello there! The school year is winding down for us as well.
Can you follow me? So I can DM you? Lol
Numbers lie on a fairly regular basis. Lies, Damn Lies and Statistics.
You know it Elana! Hell yes he'll do the same thing.
"customary" and "reasonable" is going to be set by the AMCs, I hope they can squash that!
I found $24.03 a two dollar bill and a chuck e cheese token in my piggy bank(:
that's super dope
<sqirffle> (the sound made when you laugh so hard while drinking milk that the milk shoots out of your eye)
2 survive the dimension is 4
Costume Contest! 10/30 all day get 10% off in costume. Come n swirl a spooky treat with us. RT this to get qualified for an exclusive prize!
You can't pray a lie. Mark Twain
It's fine, I wake up Claire, when I have bad dreams. & yes please(:
better wear some torso armor to that 5/5 show so I don't break your ribs with a bear hug again.
How do they make an egg flavored bagel cause eggs are already in the ingredients of bagels??
I just downloaded my music to my birthday iPod...taking all music off my iPhone...
Double duh.
Time to study
RT Starbucks or Thai tea? Decisions decisions.<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081> / Thai Tea :)
You know you live in the Southwest when you get excited when the weatherman announces a cooling trend: temps will drop to 100! Woo!
Go follow the very cute and Talented
Finally getting ready for today... Still a bit psyched by that nightmare I had.
2 whole days with out something sweet to eat. I'm addicted to sugar and it has to end!
# looking for a job
:) RT : And , I'm proud if you man. Thanks for all those rides way back when. LOL! Congratulations Aaron!
depends on how much you like to enjoy yourself.
the tunes sound real good!!
Make it a party! We offer spa parties for birthdays, wedding showers, or just a No-Occasion Girls’ Day :-)
I'm liking this NFL Network opening for the draft
good FNX song choice!
BLUEY ROBINSON! Don't forget that name. He will make music history
Life aint always beautiful, but it's a beautiful ride! ~Gary Allan
it so damn cold in chicago nd all thier shit to expensive than ours.
#thingsidowhenimdrunk ....i call everybody, and when i call u know its only cause i think ur a pretty rad person, and its only cuz i luv ya!
Congrats to you on your #Bernays wins from !
": 1st thing I did when I got home from travelling? Voted 2x for SAG-AFTRA merger!
Hi Julia, I'd like to get in touch with you about a reporting grant. Could you DM or email () me? -Melody W.
Love like you have never been hurt & dance like no one is watching
i should've stuck to fangirling 24/7 boys are to much drama .
but see on the total lack of principled justification for ECL. People are paying out of dogma, not reasoned policy.
needs to learn how to pronounce "haute" before going on national tv.
getting used to this. pretty cool actually!
What a surprise ;).
Finally getting Internet at work!!!!
Second time this game #Sixers have been burned on a back door cut by Allen for an easy lay in.
no time for Fan Stuff!
she said Liv loves you and you love Liv. Then I smacked her really hard!!!
Excited that Parks & Rec is back on tonight. Total fave!!
Whoa. Colonel Sanders was from Indiana? But it's Kentucky Fried Chicken. Oh well. I'm from Indiana too. We're cool. I want KFC now...
I can't afford it either, but I figured when I was paying WW, it was $40 a month. Paying to workout makes sense now.
I swear to god if I get one more message from a hacker I'm gonna hire an assassin and he kill you
Dam U beavers to hell.
I miss you my love..
actually, govnt has been proving free contraception for years. Ask any RPH. Religious inst. Have 1st amend right not to.
So this is how Bears fans feel every week...no wonder they are always so angry...#packers Super Bowl champs or bust from here on out
Total dusche! No ethics
531k going into day5. Wasn't ideal / made some mistakes but I'll take it
Isaiah Williams cant complete the slant, so the #Cardinal will have 3rd and goal coming up.
NTN, UFC, Live Trivia, Bingo, Poker, Karaoke, Sports Packages and fast, free Wi-Fi keep you entertained.
Babe Ruth struck out 1330 times, but he also hit 714 home runs.
Happy one year Anniversay Purple Door!
We should get jerseys cause we make a good team.
What is your favorite type of pasta sauce??? Red & meaty, white & creamy or other?
Tito Ortiz: The Pathos of a UFC Bad Boy
RT I get home thursday :( miss you sis
So much better than the club...
You're a Floridian...man up!!!
To many people in SD. He was much more than just a pro football player in this town.
Race week in Richmond.. Thur weather to be wet, 60's for the big race
yes it is...you too..
Very, very strange feeling today. Not sure what that means but gut says it's the calm before the storm.
#BrunoMars who are Ray Charles and Led Zeppelin?
WHERE DID THEY EVEN GET THAT FROM
this is so true, let's be real would be thrilled
Good posture is a matter of the mind. In your thinking, you must convince yourself you will think tall, talk tall, stand tall & walk tall.
thanx for the tip!!!!
Shorts in Cleveland in January and the birds are chirping? I think the birds are watching the Weather Channel to see which way to go.
Watchng is priceless! Only downside is realizng how long I have to actually wait 4 the NFL season...
If you reading this tweet god has gave you and me another chance at life have a blessed and productive day! GOOD MORNING!!
thanks for following us! we hope you are excited about the release of our first line!
I don't blame NBC for moving "Community" to Fridays. No one watches it so blame America. Let's just be happy there will be a 4th season.
Portland be on the lookout for a middle-aged woman with wiry hair, slightly bulging eyeballs, shallow breathing and twitchy appendages.
Lets Go Sox! Put this game away already!
lucky! Where'd you score Yuenglings?
It was no reason for D Rose to be in the game...less than 2 mins in the 4th, up by damn near 20...smh, he shoulda been chilling anyway...<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
We won't run out of oil in our lifetimes but the negative impacts Now are giant and we need to act now for future generations
How does Al Harrington still have a job?
I know. I love you
how in the world are you doing my brother
Johnny's Mambo!!
We're open and our $5 pizza deal is still going strong! $5 for any medium one topping when you order more than one from
Finally falling asleep<3
y'all enjoying some dreariness there in ATL as well?
Hilarious because I feel exactly the same. LOL!
Time for lunch at Tokyo Joes.
#WordsINeverWantToHear "im sorry" in a relationship -_- then you shouldnt have done it. -_-
yikes this week went by quickly! I didn't forget you though. Is there a day that works best for you next week? I'm pretty open...
yes! Follow #wblive for a flavor of our work this week
and we r really gonna to love u! RT : 19 & L really LOVES cupcakes! ;-) RT: We are mapping out our routes today!
SAT test dates: If you are taking the October 1, 2011 SAT test, make sure you are registered by September 9, 2011
follow back? n_n
How many more tragedies must American Service Members & Afghan civilians suffer? Issues at home deserve our attention. - JDG
it's worth following to the letter just to see how accurate their predictions are. They give you little goals along the way.
I LOVE nachos, like no joke.
Don't be such a Lloyd <U+7B11>
Duckin has the best bank shot in the league .
Procrastination can be your worst enemy
I hate traffic
Thanks for the finals week visits! They provide fun breaks for the students who
Need to stop looking at all the Food Porn on while flying & hungry! Fruit & cheese plate on didn't cut it today!
Hearing pop songs from the likes of , , and on 's NYE morning program made me chuckle. Props to the DJ :D
Thank you very much, beautiful lady. : )
come to the U.S. Babe Im in the nations Capital RT Hi babe, I need you !!!
This was my first year participating, and I will never be the same. Thank you for all you do for !
Im tired of playing helpless little girl, sick of a broken heart. Gonna do it like the boys, lead em on & ditch em
in Santa Monica at a bar chilling
No school for mee!
MAKE IT HAPPEN. Period. :)
- sure. Only thing I have scheduled is an 11am meeting. Stop on over whenever.
every time I get on your website, certain lines of text keep reproducing themselves. why?
RT - I have to recognize that New England Patriots has a devastating attack!... but Buffalo...
So my friend totally has a crush on me a, she's been flirting with me a lot lately and she just asked me for a kiss on the cheek
Great to see you! ": Great to see here at #Mirren. You guys rock!"
someone sent me a link I tried to open it and it sent the same spam link to all the people I follow. It's still sending links
Thanks for the support!
Getting my NYE on The news never sleeps party people!
I love rainy days :)
I feel like i'm suffocating there is so much pressure sometimes i cant take it :( help!!!
But no dialing, right? RT : legal -- if not holding phone
JDOT PR GENIUS, GETTING IT OUT THERE, ROCKING MALACHI RIVERS 1ST OFFICIAL DEBUT SINGLE "LOVE & MUSIC" IT'S REALLY HOT! CHECK IT OUT !
you have no sense of direction <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
hope ma sister hurry and come outsidr
Hey Chris, how do you feel about Hank Williams being fired by ESPN while Craig James is still at large?
Should we be thinking about aftershocks? When do those happen?
oh so I was right! You are a man whore! :) great to know. Cause you got a girlfriend in like a day? Cool.
Thanks for following!
Oh okay thank you I never understood it.
that's awesome
So excited to spend my Valentines day with :) <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D> love you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
IT'S about to go DOWN!!!! Tonight I'm in the video mix the fight will be on and the game will be 2 on the MIC!!!
Lol I 1 seat away from :p
See, I'd quibble over the "mode" part. I'd say that a piece of furniture can communicate, but not be a mode of communication
#HP7. Sheesh. It's all done.
"I may be dumb, but I'm not a dweeb/I'm just a sucker with no self esteem..."
"Experience tells you what to do; confidence allows you to do it." -- Stan Smith, Tennis Champion
morning twitter!!!!
Richard Cecil~ We ought not to judge of mens merits by their qualifications but by the use they make of them.
Ever wonder how much time you would save if you could plan all your parking ahead of time?
Haha nice same neighborhood as me. Let me know when you move.
omg congrats on ur soon to come baby girl!!! mommys
Thank You!! Even though i'm not from there it's a lot of fun celebrating with my friends who are. Same to you!!
#vaumc11 Honored and humbled to serve as a reserve delegate to Jurisdictional Conference.
The HECKLES are in full force today...x's 3!! & his little ones in AZ...I'm hoping to hear him while watching the game on TV!
It's gonna be a very good game
first weekend freshmen year.
*RT for a GM mention
Curse of the Late Evening Hours Dentist? We are open late on Weekdays open through 7pm on Tuesdays to accommodate the busy professional.
Packing up and getting ready for tomorrow!
Love Kid Rock!
The can help build a culture of ethical ICT leadership, innovation, and use in local and global communities
Who else is freaked by the Newsweek story re: Princess Di at 50? Complete with creepy pics. Reminder why I don't usually read this mag.
Such a long last few days touring folks up and down the river. I haven't crashed yet though ... out to celebrate Friday!
I feel that...I have no choice but to be here so I'm just wearing my red in confidence that it will be vacated
John #Davidoff says: "For #MissionDrivenMarketing, orient towards principle-based operations, e.g., integrity, excellence."
Singing loud in the shower to 11:11! <3 , I love this song! Can't wait for Say Somethin'(: #pumped!
Why is ticketmaster saying JUST ANNOUNCED: One direction at Wells Fargo Centre. Isn't that in PA?
Greek Orthodox Easter-April 15. perhaps that is it.
I'm gonna need you to tell me if you have anything to do with the quacking cat.
Really glad is so wisely pulling many threads together from earlier conversation
RT #FactsAboutMe I want the world to hear my music, but I dont want to become famous...
Anyone else think The song, "Sexy and I know it: was written about swimmers?
basketball is my sport forreal
Just finished up reading #decisionpoints by GWBush...pretty good read I must say even if I don't agree with some of his decisions
not gonna risk leaving my window open tonight!<U+26A1><U+2601><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
right on. Charlie Sheen
good find. Hopefully its a real building block towards increasing Chinese interest in LatAm equities.
Good for Israel! Stop throwing Rockets and they wont have to go in there. Keep shelling them baby!
Free ride on the #36 bus this morning? Signs of a good day perhaps? Thanks #cta <<< I just said something nice about the cta. #weird lol
Raped by drag queens.
And gas to get there!!!
RT : Ron Artest would have "incidentally" kicked Collison in the face
Getting ready to push a new version of my software instrument out to my great beta testers...
Dope shoes. So comfy. You'll want to wear them all the time. What color?
COME TO CHICAGO!
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 357
10 years younger. Or at least 2. You may need ID to order your next pint.
lol just "a nail u hammered" bre keep her pimp hand strong?
I'd go looting if I didn't have to carry the booty & my booty away on skis....lmao
Another week of this cough and I'm gonna have abs of steel.
Yes, yes they do. :)
Not me. It sounds very curious. Where can we check it out afterward?
Please follow these SJC employees who are active on twitter -
We need to help at-risk Chicago youth hit the ground running!
Yay! Pleased to announce I just got appointed to the Library Faculty Council for :D
FOLLOW ME<3
Am I the only one still traumatized by Holo- TuPac?
Why can't I stop eating cookies??
Day is going great! Thanks for asking! Hope yours is good as well!
Fat bitches w whistles.... LMAO!
this mixtape panel was SO problematic. I want to talk with you about it sometime
I like this idea a LOT!! :)
please follow me(: i love you guys<3 xx
If u like dogs, see John Carter. If u like cheesy love stories, see John Carter. If u love kick ass vfx, see John Carter. Just go see JC!
How am I the most sober person right now?
5 more to go until we reach 200 fans ~ woo hoo!
By the way it's my birthday, but the people that are following me already know that.
yes there will be a fake rapture but I believe there wil also be a real rapture. Do you agree?
yep u off.
3 more Legends for Cougar Legends Weekend, , Craig Ehlo and Rueben Mayes. Spots still available!
ugh I know
Neosporin? Netflix? Yeah, I'm thug, whatevs.
Board Finna go to sleep
Hurray, thank you! I assume I can buy a 10-pass at the Fauntleroy toll booth, right? Oh the ways of the ferries I must learn.
Very inspirational presentation from Principal Kafele today. Climate and Culture.
Quinn's. In the hotel.
is anticipating the right time to get into the stock market
spaghetti-os = yum
boom nice ship it, Rhianna is so legit
RT : Rehearsing several new Qts for our #SONiC show Oct. 16 at Miller Theater! It is gonna be a great show!!!
Grading. Still.
Now im gonna have an attitude for the rest of the day!...ughh
going to curl up with The Magician from via this morning
i need one REALLY bad! come to houston and we'll go! haha
For the moment, there is no access to old Jacket magazine contents (issues 1-40). We are working on the problem w/ the old domain. Sorry!
I think that was the main thing that they were trying to sell. that is was easy to collaborate everywhere.
If anyone could tell me how USA gov spends money (tax dollars) to benefit me Id love to hear it.
Tibs with a great call out of TO...
Take my strong hand! Lmaoo
That awkward moment when you see someone coming your way after you've just farted.
how do you receive messages? What are you referring to?
dusting off granny's clubs to hit wiffle balls around the yard. thanks for the inspiration
Yikes! I've had this! WORST CHICKEN SALAD: T.G.I. Friday's Pecan Crusted Chicken Salad = 1,360 calories! The Nation's Worst Salad
happy birthday! Hope it's as great as you are!
i promise you that,just tell me what you want
A modern equivalent to one's house burning down, losing keepsakes and photo albums
MERRY CHRISTMAS IN JULY!!! I know it's hot, looking at Christmas decorations will cool your spirits & prices are cool too. 9 am - 6 pm
Please stop by soon!
seriously, I got to see him twice last year
I guess that's true.
5-$10 Locks for only $15! From now until 8pm est! Email
CANNES FILM FESTIVAL ...
Its funny when something is on tv and everyone post about it on twitter
fair enough. :)
my game thicck like pinnky ass thou !
i just followed for you :)
It's a beautiful sunrise here in Florida. Inspirational. Uplifting. Optimistic. Now I want a croissant with cold cuts.
Referral Key is a neat place for small businesses and professionals. Become my colleague
If by mobile computing they meant sitting on my couch instead of hauling my lazy ass into my office, let me just say: Success!
#20ThingsAboutMe 17.) I'm really insecure.
yeah weather, wtf
Big bowl of raisins steeping in bourbon. Breakfast of champions or ingredient in my holiday bread pudding...?
There is always someone who cares.
thanks for the follow.
thank you God for that which you have brought into my life and for that which you have so gladly taken away. AMEN...
possibly going next weekend but not sure...I haven't gotten tix
no doubt... keep on
Just burnt myself with boiling water -_- it hirts so bad
Yes i would! haha go have fun on ur run i'm gonna go enjoy mine as well! i'm taking mace with me now just incase #StayAway lol
You guys are tremendously talented! Enjoy! Keep the fun there, superb.
I partied too hard this weekend. I really need to sleep but sad I can't.
Do not seek to follow in the footsteps of the men of old; seek what they sought.
Lexmark Mobile Printing (for iPhone)
ANOTHER DAY // MERGING // GRANDEUR GOALS // AND TAKING A STAND *good morning*
RT At least the #heat didn't get blown out like the
so good, and even better leftovers!
Not feeling Michele Williams LV gown!! And the world is coming to an end..
As you bring your consciousness into an experience and take a breath, your experiences begin to expand, change, or deepen.
Im bouta start calln an hour b4 i get cuz this shit ridiculous
one word for you: otimo!
What do u want from life
Don't you go Rush Limbaugh on me!
Lions are coming on strong. Down only 30-24 to the Cowboys.
This new twitter is much better :]
I always try to catch mistakes in tv shows or movies, like when you can see the reflection of the camera or something :)
My next tweet is my 20,000th tweet. So it has to be special.
if the Rox trade Rogers what would they want in return?
lol i feel like alot of people think imma loser now from my personality.. :/
damn u sexy, u gotta man?
hm Palatine?
Weekend plans?Join Mischa Machez this Sat eve for live music & Urban Drawl on eco-alley Garden Fest on Sun
Thanks for the follow=)
Doubt, of whatever kind, can be ended by action alone. – Thomas Carlyle
Good Shabbos to all of you
RDJ in a white tie.
sweet. Hit you when in town
One of last people to see Coronado woman alive says she was "subdued" and quiet on Tuesday, the day before her body was found
ima go now bye
send me a beat or sum... RT
All great places to go!
no it's Amy's
RIP Adam Yauch
my friend is skyping you for me(: I miss you
I might be the worst student to ever exist. Have I mentioned I'm planning on being a teacher?
Finals are here! What are your studying secrets? The legal ones ;)
Nah, you dont need to! Art Bar is perfect, get some cider and have a good time! :)
Thanks for making the first annual L.A. Zine Fest happen, Los Angeles! Grab some dinner and come on back for the after party!
She's my world <3
How about o'psychopath?
"I love drinking first thing in the morning" - My sister. Followed by "are you quoting me on Twitter?"
yes sir
rock on brad!!
the squad was on point in that pic...JusSayin! going out on a limb but Im guessing these 2 were w/u
Monitor news about your competitors. Visit their websites weekly, read trade journals and newspapers, and set up Google alerts for their...
I'm glad that i'm studying abroad from my native VA - The sane political discourse here in France is practically blowing my mind.
Hey Dunkin Donuts fyi if you're not going to toast my bagel let me know before I drive away. Thanks.
This is really cute tehe :)
If all economists were laid end to end, they would not reach a conclusion. George Bernard Shaw
less than 24 hours!
- I'm so glad you guys exist. This is opening my eyes to graduate schools I'm actually interested in going to :)
Didn't communists also want endless wars to advance their agenda? Or is it okay when commies wage wars, just not America?
Haters are my motivators. Thanks for the inspiration ;)
Life isn't about waiting for a storm to pass, it's about learning to dance in the rain.
Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever. - Gandhi
yea, kisscam gets me way too much. RT : Saw you on the jumbotron!
Smiling doesn't necessarily means I'm happy. Sometimes, it just means that I'm strong enough to face problems. <U+2665>
Check out the menu for the Dogfish Head beer dinner on our website, www.rosemarysrestaurant.com. Pretty delicious!
Listening to a man dig his hole deeper and deeper as he asks women next to me at coffee shop if one is the other's mother. She's not.
since school ended I have no clue what day it is.
hey Alex :)
RT : Chairman Rockefeller industry self regulation insufficient to protect online privacy at Commerce Cmte hearing today. Way...
The cat just meowed twice and I said, I know. Right?
Don't forget! Last day to redeem your $5 "Earth Week" game cards.
Great coffee meeting today w/ some Madison tech people including and
Hahaha random tweet day obviously
More than 4/day... # of children who die every day in the US from child abuse and neglect. Join churches & pray on Blue Sunday...
1st day home alone w/ Owen. So far, so good.
Just sat through my first graduation #long #proudofmyseniors roll on the next one :-/
tx for writing the book. Sad I have to take it back to the library
Strange. If I ask a mag to send a copy to someone I photographed for them they always oblige. And so they should.
In love with 's music. <3
#WOOHOO I screamed when Mario said the Boyz were gonna be on...But it isn't complete without Vinny is it?
Good morning tweets! Today is going to be a good day.
Michael Hagen - the former Comcast employee convicted of nearly killing a check-cashing clerk during a robbery - died in prison today
Scallop BLT: Grilled scallops, bacon, lettuce and tomato with garlic aioli! Yumm!
thanks Laura :( love and miss you babe
- Wayne, when are you and Dave Chappelle gonna do something together again. Y'all are hysterical
The last goodbye always sucks #goodbye:(
"Do your people want to listen to you, or do they have to listen to you?"
hey girl was guuud, text me
Gibs is digging in, #readyforwar I say its an idealogical war you can't win. I poke around tho
google crazy browser. Its a real thing.
Hopefully we will make it to Florida sometime in the near future! Thanks for the support!
I Maybe Performing In A Martin Luther King Production N Feburary.....Super Excited!!!
66% of Americans celebrated Halloween yesterday, but only 37% are expected to vote tomorrow.
sure, Ill be back from Oaxaca on the 26th. We can grab lunch.
A lot of people don't. But its so f'ed up that ATL helped them get signed and they're talking shit.
Think of all the MS Paint possibilities!
Saturday morning cartoons
yes Newt is brilliant
Lol and for all of u dying to knw..yeah its one of those..damn he so fine I just wanna put my booty on him moments lmao!!
Best idea all day & night, Brownies & Cookie Dough Icecream ;)
I lost $250 bucks last night but these $4 jacks,$3 vodka wells,$8 pitchers of bud lights I won't have to worry about breaking my wallet
imm so bored
NYE Celebration @ Proprietor's Reserve Wine Bar.Wine+Beer+Sparkling.Specials all night - Happy New Year 2012 !
invite me! :) #google+
So if won't give me a shoutout will you!! haha
mane, you know that's up fam! Lol
rando combo. Think I'll go buy a pc and soy sauce.
lol I beg you to reconsider. My church hugs have special powers!
Lol apparently I'm in an advance yoga class<3
agreed. Cap & Hulk were better than their stand alone movies
Thank you to our new followers, , , , and ! Glad to connect with you all!
the new iphone is goin have siri lie becuz wen askd wats the best smart phone? it would answer lumia 900, now it goin to answer iphone
The first appointment is always like a dance but in the end nothing but standing O's.
Game of Thrones! Game of Thrones! Game of Thrones!
Little girl got her hair cut especially for storytime, but there is no storytime today. She's totally adorable though.
Counterproductive to getting this paper done = Just spent 10 min imagining myself one day as prof & comm. dept.
Enjoyed your post about entertaining and shared it with friends on Facebook. Nice to be on the Blogathon again this year.
thank you! :)
Is that like me making a motion to 'win Mega Millions?'.... No chance in hell.
you really calling into question the 'class' of people who rip other people after your article today? Gotta take to give
Headed back to Atlanta this weekend long drive from Vegas grizzly grind
now to do this stupid project. written assignment in gym class <<<<<<<
Opening day til 12. Then watermens festival @ eastern yacht club til 6ish. Then to route to see everybody. Have a great day. See everybody
come visit! You are limited to one sports game when you're here. I won't be able to stand more than that.
he opposed it before he supported it.....sound familiar???
Considering the daunting tasks in the years ahead; I have NEVER been so at peace and grateful for the people that touched my life.
If you surrender to the wind, you can ride it. ~Toni Morrison
By order of Portland Parks & Recreation and the Director, the South Park Blocks closed just prior to 8:30pm on Sat Dec 3
I'm goin too!
I think I might try reporting the 's SunPlus all over my block to 311 as a violation of the flier ban.
I'm so tired of hearing the household/government budget comparison. It is more complex than that, people. Come on!
HI BUDDY
That was a yesterday's tweet.... :)
:) RT : #ThingsIwantTheMost to return to the ring and kill all those fucking zombies out there
Love is a powerful tool of negotiation. Pro-love gives you the strength to reach a compromise.
Called in to a 10 plus hour work day today...the dishes and laundry can wait. I need to sit.
Watching White Chicks. ohfuckyes.
So -- here's hoping that we can celebrate his 75th, 85th, and 95th together! (After that I will be too decrepit; he'll be going strong).
That was my attempt at spice for the night.
#friedbaloneysandwich is a gourmet dinner in the country(:
#FF to those ready for the extraordinary:
Chris Bosh gets hype !!
oya sorry :p
As closes today, it only makes me thankful HTjr is gone before he could do any more damage (AKA "constituent services")
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ! Hope you have a great day :D
A person RT : Fucks a suzie? Anyway good win Philly
“: Bo Jackson. That Is all.” Enough said!
#followmekianlawley you know you want too....
RT Kinda makes me sad seeing everyone around me getting tied down with someone else :/ #ForeverAlone lol..
Yea no problem hope to c u coming on a tv near me
Monaco country profile
YOU JUST MAD
I will
Love downtown
oh haha I wanna meet a real life Schmidt!!
Wish I were a bridesmaid for a fan, so I could plan a Treat Yo Self bridal shower.
margarita time =]
It seems like #blago is giving a victory speech. What a joke.
FREE 500 BUSINESS CARDS....WOW!! at www.NYCPRINTDIRECT.com RETWEET THIS!!!
I WENT TO SLEEP LASTNITE LISTENEN TO IT..U ARE MY KINDA OF MUSIC :D..CANT WAIT FOR MORE :)<3
The Muppets is the most perfect thing in the world.
Google settings for Chrome, Account, & +1 become so confusing, I am reminded of switching from iPhone to Android.
O no about to get 4 or 5 shots. <3
No music tonight - just good food!
Im so freaking hot in this tux
#GoTribe TWO DAYS UNTIL OPENING DAY! #GOTRIBE!
lol...my get up and go just got up and left....
another Sunday Morning waking up with Golden Coral on my mind... shm thanks lol
I am happy to be a #NoHeganEast alumna. What a crazy and wonderful 4 days.
That's crazy. They came back and won with two goals in stoppage time.
I think leadership comes from integrity <U+FFFD> that you do whatever you ask others to do
Flavor contest continues 1 more wk, til 30th. Any more gr8 brownie flavor ideas out there? Winners get samples of their creation.
Daewon song & kelly hart liked the photo of me that posted, kelly commented with 2 thumbs up an daewon said "nice catch" xD xD
Why did the pig send his story to New York? He wanted to be published on Pork Avenue.
r kelly is really a foooll in feeling on your booty lol
How many Padres prospects could you see in next offseasons top 100?
follow back =)
Chris can I get a goodnight plzz I have to go to bed it would make my night before I leave PLZZ
I am so tired but i dont want to go sleep!
but Eben didn't and he was my favorite!
#fumble number two for the saints good defense lions let's go bitches
Have the Saints lost their minds??? I'm thinking they should be throwing money at Brees but I guess they used it all up on bounties
Those who take part in creating the problem couldn't be part of the solution. --ABDEL MONEIM ABOUL FOTOUH
cool so far I'm still in training
Postal service crimes scam artists from outside the country sending bogus emails opening attachment can give your computer a virus
Ba dum ching! See what I did there? (Ba dum ching-ed you)
What do you do after you save New York City? Shawarma.
Lookn at da book of eli just now seen it
that sounds grand lol well since the holidays try na chill with fam not working out so well hahaa but for now it's Gametime!
The door of opportunity won't open unless you push. -John Mason
I'm telling you. Pandora = zen. I'm a honey badger right now.
How do you choose between two amazing takes from a live session????
Heck yeah! LOL RT : You know it's a good show when there's projectile shooting from 's mouth!
Not the way I make it, let me send you some!
it only ended up taking an hour when there was no line. Grate jerb...
I hate the bad girls club !!! What a waste of TV lol.....
Don't be so busy reaching out to the world that you forget the people closest to you.
trying to!
You rod and staff give me courage. - (Psalm 23:4)
If you wanna take my picture turn that Instagram shit off... This body doesn't need any effects!
Your gym bag can double as your overnight bag if it is packed right
absolutely. The US government will be at your door any minute to seize those tapes.
Forgot how busy Atlanta airport can be. Feels like an ant farm, but less organized.
How would I make this yogurt recipe with a yogurt machine?: I bought a salton yogurt maker that makes 5 little jars of yogurt. It had...
Can't take notes and tweet at the same time. Then realized tweets ARE notes.
I'm bummed that the Nats didn't do anything interesting with your uniforms.
this is new how?
Going to bed. <U+270C>
The beauties of the world are best seen by those who strive to reach them. ~Anonymous
I need to go to sleep !
hi playstation. i'll add your twitter to the thread, but you have to follow lauren and me!
Today: Callback. Audition. Rehearsal. Gym. Editing Film. Bartend. "the life of an actor" :)
That look you give your friends when someone attractive walks in the room.
LARRY! I call everyone Larry now
Young professionals (#YoPros) that are interested in getting involved, making a change, and having fun... needs you!
“And Max, the king of all wild things, was lonely and wanted to be where someone loved him best of all.” <U+2015>Where the Wild Things Are
"It will take us longer to taxi out to the runway than it will to fly to Baltimore" -- from my plane's flight deck on the ground in Philly.
MATC Republican bill that removes all 9 board members and adds 5 business members heads to WI Governor Scott Walker for his signature.
um nah bae, the correct term is "chicks before dicks" lol
Who else would love to see Peyton Manning play for the ?
your avi once again is absolutely gorgeous!!!! I gotta work on mine now...
Wit My nigga
Need you more than ever.......
Have 14k at break after rebuys close. Which is above 10k starting stack.
Awh sorry Brendan! I've got an email coming your way in just a sec. ;)
enjoyed your article about Jobs' license plate mystery!
what else are you doing this summer Chef?
Those people that don't believe in me affect me the most because i want to prove them wrong.
#10thingsaboutmyself I Love A Guy Who Can Sing
Getting ready to move...that's a workout in and of itself!
A beautiful sunny day in L.A! Going to ze beach in a few hours with CORTNEEEY! :)
Yes. He's 23 with a reputation for mixing it up. Mifflin is right in his wheelhouse.
Just got some tall shirts from Eddie Bauer, who knew i could actually get shirts that fit right
grandma jut called me a 'stupid teenager' from the other room. (yes, grandma, I can hear you.)
Hollywood weight loss with Elite Trainer Max "The Body" at Hollywood Body Club
science split the atom to create nuclear power religion split nations to create nuclear war
lulz....#WTF does #America know about #democracy? We're a #Republic. Just really good #liars 2 apparently.
damn you got down during your performance <3 loved the outfit too.
I'm more of a student than I am a teacher. Hopefully it stays that way!
Goethe was onto something there. Nice to meet you too.
“ “: there's the whistle. SKC win 3-1in Reserve action.” Yay!” so that's 4-3 for in agro for the weekend right?
will nash move? Iggy? as a blues hawks fan - will they be making any moves what would you guess i want to scoop the boys
All of him and none of me where would I be if not for him ahmen!!!
Up here at rocca bar the go deep in here
Try drinking ice water? Water may be able to fill you up until you fall asleep, at least.
Anyone in mind to fall in love with?
Obama just announced on ABC he supports gay marriage. About time bro.
ELI Open House tomorrow from 2pm to 4pm! Looking forward to showing off our programs and new facilities!
#Qiqqa #EndNote #Zotero #Mendeley #phdchat I can barely begin to list all the things wrong with the EndNote column.
woah! You are no longer the coolest Vargos twin.
good saying
1. What Inspired You To Dance? 2 . What Do You Want To Be When You Grow Up? 3 . Celebrity Crush? 4. Favorite Type Of Music? 16
Don't forget today is not-furlough fri w/$1 scoop 4 state employees who show state ID & mention this special! RT & let's get out there :)
Excited to start our first 2 day Path of Power workshop on "Empowering the Mind" -- starting in T-20 minutes! :-)
Kickin shit with my girls at museum bar seen my wife in here!
No you're brother is just that bad
Sports diplomacy? A playing softball in Central Park on the British Consulate team.
Have the worse headache, naptimeee :)
I don't have a clue at all! i don't want it too like fancy just a natural look i guess :)
If you say "doe" please dont talk to me
we love buffa! What is your favorite thing to order?
OH YYEEEAAAHHH :D congrats! U better win
It's a side effect of a great weekend!
Whatcha drinkin? Go let it sink in. We do this every weekend, we move it like bernie.
Did anything funny happen online today? We try and track what is happening out there so help us out!
so far this RRangers-Caps series has been the most equal great series so far. Shame one of these teams will not move on
The kind that take place over a beer at the bar next door to the theater.
i started makin dollars an it started makin cents
Just one of those days where you need to go fast and cta says "Fast? Oh fuck fast, man. Just...just fuck it."
Why do people who aren't even gluten intolerant torture themselves with gluten-free beer? At least try to like cider or wine instead maybe?
Thinking about #Challenger . How can we again capture kids imaginations about space without the govt investment science & education
>>>MLM News! GOFoods Global( New Company Listing )
congratulations! that's great news!
I cant wait to see you and the guys in concert on May 25th in NJ!! You guys really inspire me... I <3 U... plz follow... RT :)
Definently a huge issue
If I agreed with you we'd both be wrong.
I'm from Syracuse and have never had Dinosaur BBQ. Whoops.
Party like a journalist! SPJ Summer Fiesta this Thursday, 6-8ish pm, at the Alamo in Old Town. Free eats, cheap drinks. All are welcome!
how come you don't trust them? I feel like there year is a bit of an anomaly since Terry Ryan took over for Bill Smith
:Victory Memorial Pkwy in N Mpls--3600 N Xerxes has a lighting contest every yr; all along the pkwy are old mansions/great lights!
You not on a computer?Shocking!! Are you at our neck of the woods tomorrow? Oh I'll email you staff meeting its in 2 weeks ish!
Never buy from 's online website. It won't go through & there will be a hold on your bank acct for 5 days! & my coupon expires in 2!
RT:: RT : A thankful attitude releases so much joy in your life. Wherever you go, give thanks to God!// I want this!
Just woke up and is getting ready to go to the library to do some video editing!
Irish Car Bombs this Friday and Saturday. I love St. Patties!!
Waxman with my girls and <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3> so scaredd
YAY!!!!!!! AH! im so happy u made it, i was like "if bethany doesnt make it ima SNAP ON #NYXFACEAWARDS!!" lol good luck!
Mother's Day photos? Instagram them with hashtag
Must have been a brave dude who first tried eating oysters.
Things I'm NOT doing today: 1. Connecting to open WiFi networks. 2. Taking my phone off airplane mode for more than 30 sec. :)
A person can easily talk about the copyright issues of Pininterest w/o the sexist propaganda slant.
I love how my parents KNOW that have a performance and they don't wake me up when im sleeping on the couch -.- bitches :p
beyond happy, i am tremendously blessed.
Dianne Good work with the Smashed Documentary.
Nothin Change Until Change Is Made.(Words 4rm Mr. Production "The Guy" Seeking Progress Not Perfection While Walking By Faith Not By Sight)!
Kenny Fucking Powers
New #NOIdata slogan courtesy of "Get down, get loose, get funky with [data]." Excellent pep talk for Day 4!
It felt good to wake up to 1,000 views and 200 Twitter notifications.
disagree. That movie, despite Tatum being shirtless for most of it, won't break 15 million.
Doing some laundry then gonna crash right after...im tired as hell!!!
I miss my mullet.
I feel ya
INTERVIEWS: CIO's office is hiring interns! Grad / undergrad. Driving technology / innovation Exciting times.
"The price of greatness is responsibility." -- Winston Churchill, Former British prime minister
here we go... thursday night class
: I will be in Yiwu in a few days any advice on food?
i wont forget
John Nolte is an idiot.
I believe you!
CAMERON | PACE Group Adds FUJIFILM to Strategic Alliance Program
What a game, WHAT A GAME! Yeah!
Cadillac n' through the rest of the semester
Bruh , I done heard this beat before 4rl & I couldn't think of nothing myself that's why I passed that shit lol !
I called you a lot of names you wouldn't like when I read that
Yeah I bought tickets with friends but apparently the pit seats are free with admission to the fair. -__-
: Hi Gwen! you have 5 minutes tonight to talk Olys with and me? Ideally between 7:05-7:30pm. Thanks!!
JHMI is hosting an urgent blood drive 2/13 from 9am-3pm at Turner Concourse. Call 410-614-0913 to schedule an appt. Walks-in are welcome.
Today, the bookinaday students at Wesminister HS finished the all important publishing work for their book "Four and a Half Fingers." Kudos!
My parents had a Porshe 914 and a 66 Corvette. Sold 'em to buy a house and furniture. First new car after that? A Pinto. FTW
#SpringTraining hats look so awesome. My one is 5 years old now, might need an upgrade
yeah yeah yeah...... The only person I know who loses his IPhone in Denver in less than 5 mins...... bammmmm
Yeah it just doesn't assume me like it did before. Lol! Nahh!
do they hokey pokey. turn yourself around?
Many thanks. Not a great picture, but you work with what you've got. :)
the new facebook api is good, but the first version wasn't very good. I love that you can quickly find out someone's likes.
Thanks man, for the kudos, y'know it's always good to hear. make a brother work harder, :-)
Come join Oz Patisserie Mobile Dessert Truck at Talin Market for a Food Truck Rodeo and Have Lunch with the Mayor of Albuquerque.
We're about to start the weekend right: EARLY. Our happy hour w/ ½ off drinks is about to get uncorked! And check out our new pint glasses!!
“: Phone is about to die. I'll tweet till death do us part. #5votes #ESC Mine too!
shhh...still watching.....
cheetos are so bomb
Craving some deep dish chicago pizza
and I can't afford a ticket out there :(
Currently pruning the number of accounts I follow on Twitter. 680 was just way too much.
Yo mama nose so big she makes Pinochio look like a cat!
I just started bartending here. Come by and say hi sometime!
NP. We've both been quite busy too! Still want to meet up at sometime soon. I'm speaking for :)
My Florence study abroad is postponed from Dec to June. The David is going to be so disappointed he has to wait to see me.:(
Tina cole is my acting coach!!! Purtty cool...
“: I'maa snake. <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+008D> slither slither”Lol yes! Im a sneaky snake. Who ate J-Lo's career. But dat as
Gym was awesome! Belly almost gone for good.
man babe hooked dinner up
haven't seen it yet. Is it good? torn abt Unsung. Happy that it focuses on those artists but wish it delved more into music
With for/while loops behind me, I'm breezing through functions in JavaScript. Also, I probably just jinxed myself.
": have a great day! Xo" awww thanx loves! You too! Xoxo
Having lunch with before writing all day!!
Sounds heavenly. RT : Dinner in paradise: lechon asado, grilled lobster, rice n peas, sweet plantains, avocado salad, yucca
I Press Your Ass Cuz You Ugly! Ha ha You Ugly
thank goodness. I'd be in trouble otherwise. Haha.
Steak and shrimp for lunch?
None of us will live in a happy, productive, or free society if we allow a police state.
Bout to go down the melo center and get some shooting in.......Hit me up
it's what they do know; it's Illinois! #isu ;)
Slut Your NOT!! Suppose To Remind Me About That I Had An Intervention & Went To Rehab -.....- lol
Im not asleep yet..
Mark you calendars for this Tuesday February, 28 as will be releasing their first single "Roller Coaster."
Welcome back Dottie D to the Oro Valley Perky Parkies.
The greatest compliment that you can receive is to be criticized for doing that which is right!
OK, If Portland Monthly is going to cover the tech scene, I'm going to feature The 10 Best Places to Make Out In Portland. Or something.
Picked up our t-shirt order yesterday. This first run will go fast. If you want one, pre-order on our website.
nothing really everyone is in bed an I just chatting friends on here
It's my fault. The Tigers are 0-3 when I'm there. I apologize.
Is The illest
when is it? who's version of the song?
#raw10 Growin up n the Ghetto, u pick up insecurities. I thought I had a hair disease called, CantcheDontche. Cant Comb it and Dont u Try!
I luv wen we sleepin n da middle of da nite an he reach ova an hug me like he aint seen me n weeks...
The creative soul wants to share....let it express and others will be glad.
the summer goin pass fast and i aint did shit i wanted to yet
the 328, definitely
Taping and Muding my Basement I have put it off long enough back to work....
Sometimes I try to force myself to care less, because I care way too much.
i hate thinking about the past :x
hey how do u RT and add your comment at the end ????
word me too. it felt fitting to put it up. lol
love you and your music
Omg Alana honey boo boo child was on dr.drew's life changers tv show, google it, hilarious videos!
thats what's up bro. Thanks.
US job moves: Best Buy, Google, T-Mobile USA, AOL, Dell ...
we are still alive, you know:-)
there are 13 songs on the cd and I actually enjoy 12 of them a lot...that's a great percentage haha
Again, I love Snap Judgement. Yes, it's true. I do. Everyone should listen. If you like stories at all...you will LOVE THIS!
Which Lakers show up tonight? Good Lakers or bogged down by Kobe Lakers? (Taylor)
#oomf is such a wannabe...
Gag gag gag gag GAG
Thanks for the RT! Your traffic updates ease our commutes, so we're doubly grateful now.
I'm liking this Twitter so far:)
"That outfit you got on looks like tinker bell threw up on it!" -Gigi Stopper LMAO!!!!
This is the real thing!
I've always been told that RT : Something about Rizz from Grease reminds me of
oh my god i havent been on here in forever
true story!
feels like her shoulder is about to fall off of her body! Havent had this much back pain in a while! :-\
Surrounded by college kids. Forgot how much i dislike college kids.
This is Blackies smirking revenge...
"The positive thinker sees the invisible, feels the intangible, and achieves the impossible."
Say that again, and I'm gonna wash your mouth out with soap!
Sox lose. Rays win. Tie in the AL Wild Card.
Lessons in transition... Sometimes you have to go to the extreme to find the balance.
Thanks for the follow, George! Are you currently looking for a new place in Chicago?
in Monroe just living . N u
MOVIE TIME WITH THE BOO<3
thanks for following
word. We are drooling over her too.
ill text you
Our Nuggets play against the Charlotte Bobcats tonight at 7 p.m. ET. Go, Nuggets!
You think there's no such thing as bad press? Watch The Sweet Smell of Success with Burt Lancaster. Also ask Pee Wee Herman.
Warming up & getting ready for
Fight for your right to PARTY!!!
Gasol & Dirk Look Like They Could Be Brothers Lol
me too!! but we dont have a vhs player anymore. but its on netflix and im totally watching it:)
'Becoming an Archaeologist,' by Joe Flatman shortlisted as one of 5 for 'Current Archaeology' magazine's Book of the Year competition!
“: #NameAFollowerYouSmashed <~~~ this gon get me in trouble! Lol!” :O
nothing much :) wyd?
yeah man thanks, my chest just is really sore from the airbags and i have a cut on my collar bone and my friend is the same too.
You too! Yay, it's week 5!!
Can't tell if I'm experiencing a Runner's High or just frostbite.
i still got it for ya
hey whats up
Come to Universal City Walk, this Friday at 7 PM - Finalist for #KIISFM Breakout Star for chance to perform at #WangoTango :-)
what did it say
thanks for the follow!
If you need a summer buzz-cut, I highly recommend Randy at Big Bend Barber in Maplewood. Just got mine. No more curls.
excellent dinner this evening! Thank you!
My summer starts tomorrow
I been slackin, I plan on getting a stream up within the next few weeks
Thinking about showing the Melissa Harris-Perry clip on The Help and having a discussion about the Mammy stereotype in class tom.
Well, looks like someone needs to go get Skype then, obviously. :)
God is with us all. I can feel him: God, Sebastian, & the love of one of the most wonderful men on earth. So excited!
Waiting for to get here already!
English extra credit, I'll pass.<U+E421>
start at 2
yeah boo:) haha:)
OMG!! Listen/watching 2 One Time by JB he was so small!!!
Tomorrow, The Sliders @ The Bitter End (NYC) - We can't wait for yet another fun night out. Party starts at 10:30pm, You in?
Love your icon!<3 :]
I have to come up with a mythical creature for school that represents my life. Any ideas?
ah, they don't always have to be viable long term on their own. Like YouTube. Perhaps the issue is the true risk.
Awesome! You never know, you may decide you just can't help it and stick it on yourself! We did, but it came off in the shower :)
But I might replace that with soon enough
Katy Perry bby you can't get any hotter because you'll kill me ily
Many congratulations!!
Hemingway's it is to catch up with a birthday crowd
am i missing something?
I cant after six because the bitch will be here.
according to our experts the iphone update is likely happening at the end of summer. If you can't wait that long, Buy Now.
RT : Isn't a raccoon just a hipster cat?
interesting..let me follow up. Thanks.
Stevie Nicks - Bootylicious
I wish I was black so I could have dreads.
#iThinkOfYou when I take a shit
lol all time great show.. Tried to tell to watch it but doesn't think its good smh
hahahah, oh you!
yea!!! U goin out
Getting closer to my dreams every day! #grindin and #pushing on
my thought exactly! Thank you!
Ron Paul just went off the deep end. Fences to keep us in... who does he think he is...Obama?
how Nigerian are you?
Morning beach shoot: a success! :)
LePeep's for early meeting before I attack the day
If you wear a "mengagement ring", you are her bitch.
Good rain. Will be planting corn and beans in the next few days! First salad from southern beds! What's growing at your house?
Well, given that average CEO tenure is ~70 months, they're probably too busy looking for jobs themselves to notice! :-)
Woot! Finally got my new computer ...been roughin' it out on an old Dell...feel much better now : D
dr seuss would be proud to hear this talk read aloud
Cant Wait Till 2morrow Wilding Out On Dat Bus
Omg you are so right and I don't even know what's going on.
Damn...u kno that feelin u get after u smash on some good food...I'm talkin bout that #itis...its gotta hold of ya boi
HPNG Latino Leaders Networking Event - Jan 26 Speaker: Lucinda Martinez, VP, Multicultural Marketing, HBO
Yay! I'm squeaky clean xD
I did..and I drew batman on them! Your jealous I know
Drawing these damn animals
Still cleaning!!! We'll be closed for the evening as well. Come see our sparkling faces tomorrow!
As good as social media COULD be for your #business, if you are approaching it in the wrong way, it could be disastrous. RT if you agree.
Haha! That's me!
awe sad day! Grow it back out by the next time I see you. It was fun watching you play with your long hair ;P
Thanks so much for the nice words to your co-workers. Hope they join our band
tom brady sucks bolls!!
will do! Word of caution on service tho..don't order from bar, use a waiter/waitress for food. Bar is slow!
My freshly turned 7 yr old just said, "I think Im taller," as she bent over & touched her toes with one hand & top of her head w/ the other
Life never stops pushing forward. Stay focused and never slow down with regrets. Smile, forgive, forget, and keep moving.
i miss you more
Lol tebow and Ryan together. Talk about an oxymoron.
A lot of subtweets on twitter today!
Happy excited and anxious .... Yay!
That is an excellent quote!
I wrote a narrative nonfiction story about my bizarre trip to Asia. I wrote it in 3rd because it felt like a novel.
: "I was raised by a gay man; I understand irony."
There's a weird part of my brain that feels good when I see how many whiskers are in the sink after shaving. Guys, do you get this? Ladies?
Sausage gravy >
Oh Big Brother you SUCK!!
and LOVE there fans . That's why we LOVE THEM
If you can maintain your attention while reading an investment prospectus, you'll find gold in that there fine print.
APEX is hosting Kuumba (creativity) as part of the Kwanzaa Celebration. Join us December 31 from 6p-8p
glad to see the zombie back in action!!
hahaha waking up to..<f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> Happens to the best of us.
and the trio at Night Town Jazz Club in Cleveland tomorrow night - 8 pm!
I learned that when a magazine quoted me as an expert when I'd had just 2 months on the job. Wow!
It's only Monday and I'm pretty sure I've already used up my .com VIP team goodwill for the week.
lol! I'll send you another one in the mail!
swollen & sick sucks :(
did you scare off Piers?
I'm so tired of Freakin slipping everywhere in this pool
That was some BULLSHIT fucking #NASCAR #39 u should be shot.. <U+E40E><U+E113><U+E132>
i am still alive. don't worry. i've just been the one who does the blog twitter, so this gets neglected. sorry.
is about to do a ton of Replacements tunes. I can't confirm or deny the rumor.
hadn't heard about this project in particular, but I think it's been done on smaller scales before
"Bitch, please!" ~Ben Franklin
oh yes, GOP blocking the Senate bill to reduce student loan interest rates will HAUNT them
"hanging tough, staying hungry"
try this one I have 5,200 $2 bills how much do I have :3
sunbathing again? RT : So I don't like it when people drive by my house slowly.
Agreed! RT : If I could have a superpower, I would want to speak every language.
there is always sex lol
Why haven't more people I follow seen "Cabin in the Woods?"
": ": no"y u actin like dat" I don't kno u to b callin u
The first "BS fauxtrages"? Where have you been the last few months.
Finally i changed my name...im no longer goin by Miss Tanill so here on out wen i hit the stage Jus call me Tenacity
EVERYBODY TWEET THIS: GET VERIFIED SHES A MODEL AND DISNEY ACTRESS
congrats on the job....
same here, miss ya lots
When I see a guy wearing jeans with big ass holes in the knee I'm like, he's been sucking a lot of dick.
I don't know... Who have I said in the past?
Almost to 100 likes on FB! Tell your friends to come fall in "Like" and Love with Lush!
Thanks to all who made this year's #CUAEF a great success!
follow back ?
Spent the night watchin movies with my girl! Awesome time with her
Who wouldn't like you?
thanks for follow Slim your career as an artist is a Blast!! Show us some love...and ask fans to follow us
at home
Do you know how much work I have right now? Do you know how much Doctor Who I'm watching instead?
Watching 'It's always sunny in Philadelphia' love this show!!!!
Is it really necessary for every single textbook to include a section on ethics?
thank you. thank you both so much.
.. you woke up with a dead body in your closet :) and you need to dispose of it.
TRS is very happy to welcome new client Stonewall Columbus!
Three-part harmonies... So good. ( thanks for sharing your ticket!)
Got the word today: the film officially made it into the Senior Showcase! The hard work and dedication paid off.
Totally abusing twitter, but any chance there is a pot of coffee brewing in the Indy newsroom?
On a recent episode of dating advice talk show, Planet Love Match ® Radio, psychologist, medical physician, and author Dr. Reef Karim di
Good luck Jared! Who's taking over at baseball this weekend?
aww i missed it what did he do
Yeah the Pfister looks legit - we just wanted an excuse to walk around downtown. Thanks for the tips!
what is the most profound song, to you, on #TheFlood?
Huge week ahead of us here at KG. Golf tournament is going to be amazing
you are very welcome haha :)
all day, every day. If I'm laughing, you're stupid. LOL “: #Cancers have the great ability to laugh at things that annoy them.”
Guest lecturing at Minnesota State University, Mankato at Edina
Good luck!!!
...what happen last night -_-
you got to rephrase that in the form of a question. Who is retiring from Jeopardy?
Work day is winding down...2nd work day is just beginning! Catch me if you can ;) #lifeofapublisher/buddingnovelist/superwoman -- Samantha …
Alcohol is necessary for a man so that he can have a good opinion of himself, undisturbed be the facts! ~ Anonymous
that's the best feeling ever
No me gusta research paper for AP Lit. Why are we still doing work when everyone already finished the college board exam last week?
I heard something broke. I believe it's the same break JMac had
Are you going to the #Cubs opener today #Chicago? What's your prediction?
Many of the licensing entities - perfect e.g. Calif. & Florida Bar Examiners, outright discriminate against disabled people
can anyone on the Rockies catch the ball? They look like the Mets!
My Next Move Gotta be My Best MOVE!!
Whether they're new, old or not yet made, Happy Hour is more fun with friends!
lloyd you
I'm more or less convinced the secret to "social" media now is 95% talking without listening. 5% ads.
im talking to my lab partner in chemistry about how excited I am that im going to your concert in aurora!!!!!!!
Live so that you would not be ashamed to sell the family parrot to the town gossip.
right my mom came up w/ the quote. i was like sick. i have 2 get that. :)
Everybody hit follow!! :) I
no 5 o'clock news after golf?
we are coming to Georgetown to watch Otto play Saturday. From Sikeston Missouri
Will inmates be forced to pay for their "rooms"? That's now the law in Riverside and other counties. Details on NBC San Diego News @ 11 pm
Is it wrong to want to squeeze Phil Mickelson's manboobs?
Mini-me passed on the green danky doo to this guy :(
Happy V-day!!!!
thanks for the
Tour groups comprised of 20-30 teenagers supervised by one adult should be forbidden from entering Disney World.
shlankin like you thought i would
Phone interviews....awkwerrrd!!
good day to you!
I would have passed one to you. But it would have said on it... "Now, write me one back". =)
Freaking awesome <3 :D
Meh. Close enough. Just make sure you leave some extra blankets out for them.
Words are like seeds. They have creative power. Isaiah says, "We will eat the fruit of our words." What seeds are you planting?
dont u dare put anotha tat on that ass. Well please dont. There Im beggin
Looking for someone to help me create a #Original #Logo any takers?
I want a Starbucks Frappe.
YAY!!!! my flight got a 24 hr delay! i have an extra day in japan!!! woot woot!! AH!!!!!! im so happy!!!!
It seems I always need more hard drive space.
Have you walked down the steps at 117th and Broadway yet? It's an oasis of budding trees..
I have no idea why Miami has any of their starters in at this point.
shush im under cover (:
Hey folks, is pulling a 24 hour tweet-a-thon to promote her web series They Live Among Us. Check her out!
HUGE snowflakes!!!!!
Rollin' around smokin on stink bombs
hopefully my car note... Lol... Nada!!! Whats been up my boi.... When are you coming to visit?
thanks for your warm messages!
I'll hook you up with a megaphone & see if we can get the cops to pepper spray you ;)
Salesforce says growth is so extreme they need to focus on their basic business rather than mission bay.
women's day? Ew find me a kitchen
"iCarly Is Forever In Our Hearts"
Go Badgers! (#Wisconsin #Syracuse)
Aw I love my dress!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
MAN::Grumpy::Old::Bitter must be a core module, because I've apparently been using it all along!
We love out here in !!!
Dream Concert: A never ending All Time Low concert where Alex brings you on stage and sings A Daydream Away to you. <3
“: #Brewers!!!!!”. // uh oh. Remember the last time a Wisconsin sports team won something big? What are you planning?
I would retweet this but someone is fancy and have a privacy setting!
Let's here it for The New Hope Baptist Church choir in #Newark. We're gonna have church today!
as do most uw fans! I root for both, love this marquette team but hate draw with mizzu in sw16.
its a good thing you're cute
How long have we known each other?
Pens having a rough day
Picture this: 3 producers, 2 RVs, 2 gas stations, 23+ phone calls, a pack of m&ms and 3 hrs later... Shit's getting done!
thanks for the love sister! Xoxo
#YouTubersInIrene spamming this
Has now been measured up from Shell and John's wedding suits. All feels very real now! #excited!
do u know that this storm is supposed to be rlly RLLY big? Call me a pussy, but im scared! LLN
#pohnlproblems RT : BREAKING: Elliott Pohnl has some douche like qualities. Multiple sources confirm. Stop bashing soccer, hater.
Enjoy it Shelly. Happy to know there is new influence about to come through your pen :) cheers
your 5th topic is congress, and 7th is cats so i'm gonna say it's spot on.
DONE! And with education discount...what, $50 each? LOL!!
Agreed, kids blossom at different times
If you've ever had an iPhone fall victim to drowning... did Apple replace for free? Charge you? What?
i promise we were chuckling when you spoke, too. we always do.
Wife: If i become fat and ugly will you leave me? Husband: *starts laughing* Wife: WHAT?! Husband: Im still here arent i?
THE CURSE IS BROKEN!
Traffic is less frustrating with the right music playing in the car.
#DC media/photogs interested in covering Pearls of Purpose gala, email me for media credentials
It is an amazing feeling to know that you have people in your corner in total support of you, rooting you on!
welcome hun(; have a wonderful birthday ...follow back?
at least we can agree on one thing. Fuck ND.
I feel you
#kids Repacking Your Bags - Wednesday Evening Series: Repacking Your Bags - Wednesday Evening Series from Wednesday, May 9, 2012 at 7:30...
Broadcasting POD events through Adobe Connect- ECRC
Christmas is in the air in #NYC tonight!!
Looks like I'll be headed to Kohl's!
You never know what you got until the day its gone. :\
RT Bill James: Basketball metrics are more sophisticated than most people realize, in some ways ahead of baseball
ain't gonna hit a N**** back on Skype ha
Tomorrow is party time with the bff.
tweeting you in school! #SaySomething is amazing!!!
hopefully they just show up under the tree ; ) but seriously, you will love them!
Where you going? Crazy! Wanna come?
Im bored and i just woke up ctfu
I ate too much ice cream and sprinkles...
well, that pretty much kills the #caps. Going to be tough to take this series.
I wanna see the Avengers in 25 minutes so bad.
Following for #KmobsChallenge #Android users get to it!
it wont work(;
House of Loom 10th & Pacific!!! Get here or GET HERE!!!!
What strategies to fight poverty and connect offline communities #converge?
Yeah, I didn't have my ipod, so I decided to do it the old fashion way of everythangggg... GOOGLE. hehe
Happy Hunger Games and may the odds be in favor :-)
Cy Young's career wins record of 511 wins is UNBREAKABLE
I love you to bits, all of you's! Listening 2 your songs are the only thing I've got right now to cheer me! R.I.P grandmaXO
Who is your favorite musician to listen to in the winter?
Motownphilly back again!!!!!!
One day, when I'm cool, I'll have hair like Seriously! Where do I have to go??
heading to INMA in L.A. Looking forward to a great conference
S/O to the girl wearing the XO sweater.
Good luck! : It's official... I'll either wow and amaze, or bring your rotten tomatoes. Either way, should be fun.
This kid jus took a piss in the bushes on school property O.o
Hi Nairi, thank you for the wonderful compliment on my work , I love what you are doing as well! Best Mark
you are going to annoy her to death :)
Language tip for new parents:Don't be embarrassed to talk to your newborn. Narrating even a diaper change exposes her to hundreds of words.
(Drat: TYPO! I meant )
I really don't know! Haha but I'm hoping its a mini concert or something haha!
It's been getting hectic lately, that ain't good
RT if you love Louis Tomlinson, i will follow you :)
KUHN RT : #alwaysclassicwhen the packers' faithful cheer for their fullback.
pandora and studying
well whats gucci? c:
#OOMF know he havent bin gettin pussy all year round...trust me, we know...lol
its Built to Spill at the Moore theater on October 21.
they ARE so big! it goes so quickly. Miss you too!
I'm addicted to the song "Paradise." Keep it up Augest!
“: just gave me his cherry!”
Very happy to start a day stress-free for the first time in 3 weeks.
Happy Birthday to my FAVORITE housewife !!
Hey if your going to the French Market on Bittersweet/Irving Park - Dave will be there with our wonderful coffee.It's a beautiful day-enjoy!
I have your husbands phone number bitch.
Haha. I can't wait until they make their Twitter accounts. Haha. It's going to be great.
who the fuck names a kid "Huckleberry"? way to be, Mark Twain.
honestly, you guys sound a little jealous!
Almost finished with the guitars. About to start the vocals. This EP might be released sooner than we expected.
Magic Number = 35
If you're stupid enough to do the cinnamon challenge, you probably deserve to throw up.
"How do you find the time for everything"
#GirlWhyYou got me thinking heavy?
What about BELOW? Do haunted submarines count? :)
I hate feeling less significant
All good things must come to an end, BUT... we will be giving away more awesome swag!
is a simple device which will be located inside of letterbox controling all newspapers/personal letters put into letterbox
Waking up and feeling rested, best feeling in the world.
saw you at southland today!! (: rt?!? (remember the blonde in the orange!) that's my sister! Ahah!
#BackWhenIWasAKid My mom made me play outside when it was sunny.
how long haven't we talked like eighty years?lol
o yeah I wouldn't have left just to leave
that cat was pretty cute. :D
The best of leaders when the job is done, when the task is accomplished, the people will say we have done it ourselves
Hey west side!
What is your favorite quote?
I'm prepping my head to celebrate #DILLA come March.
why does it feel like i dont tweet or update my fb status as much anymore?? i used be on here all the freaking time!
Just got through my biology final in one piece. Fewww
Tired of fake bitches forreal
I am looking for a good Public Relations Representative... Email me with any details at
Nice to be able to choose, says this U too. Wasn't always that way.
lmao RT I be wanting my soul to reflect the purity of the Sun, nsht.
needs to start texting me again:)
just listened to paris hiltons new song, drunk text...
YEA ITS IN THE LA THINGGYY MABOBERR
the look on the girl's face next to me in the library when she heard the man on the PA system=priceless
Dang, my job scheduled me on the day of birthday dinner....
Hoping my team can get the job done ill be there cheering y'all on even tho I can't talk
Show this Friday and Saturday. We hope you will come out.
hey andrea how are you ?
I'm going to bake a cake.
congrats on the phone call frow ari!!! :) have fun and tell me how it goes! :)
I'd be more shocked/impressed if that Time cover had used models.
looking forward to partying with You!
Evan turner traveled soo bad...smh at
Live Jazz with Joe Marillo from 7 to 9pm tonight!
Uploaded my first YouTube video, it's me ranting about people and things that piss me off. *cross fingers* i hope it's good.
she is going to kill you! Did you talk to her?
nah we takin it to the air Friday night.... Have the boxing gloves ready...Lls
could you tweet for me? she needs you..
Doctor's in the morning.. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5>
I'm excited to see you at the mocktail!
#CHIchat is getting started in 10 minutes! Join Chicago's finest to chat about Art, Music and Culture in the city!
Motivate - We are still masters of our fate. #quote We are still captains of our souls.
follow me please! <33
oh my. Good to hear everything is okay now.
says Dems are filing a complaint with the GAB alleging illegal corroboration between Walker's Campaign and State Govt.
I cooked tonight. Salmon w/a nice glaze, mashed potatoes, garlic sautéed spinach & a light strawberry short cake. Guests were happy & full.
sorry we couldn't even get you 1,000 followers! Pathetic I know. Tried my best though :-)
you serious???
UC San Diego Sulpizio #Cardiovascular Center just opened. Learn how to get an appointment&keep your #heart healthy bit.ly/orlzed
I am obsessed w/ 1 of the goodies that came in my ! But I don't want to say what it is & kill the surprise ;)
When people say Jordan isn't a baby I'm just here like, "Have you seen his handwriting IT'S SO CUTE LIKE A BABY." same
thanks for the shoutouts today!
....is screaming HAPPY BIRTHDAY 2 my lil cousin...LATOYA STRIPLING!!!!
First day of #NADA2012! Are you going to the ATD Welcome Reception? Tweet us & let us know!
Did you ever followed me back?
Come out tonight to the Farmer's Market from 6-9 for an evening of wine, beer, hors d'oeuvres, bluegrass and a silent auction!
gee wish I cud do that but i live 5 minutes from where I work & im not allowed to sleep @ work
Well, hello Houston. You are very humid.
nice.. How many people did you invite?
New jordans sold out already ...huh! This shit needs to stop!
Instead of the "white race" we should be worried about the human race
it's $5 and registration is at 4pm at Mullens and includes10 different Southside bars. It's on facebook too!
client project for #Imprinted countdown clocks. #Custom countdown clocks for corporate events or a new project rolling out.
ha ha well you never lnow
I won the #twitterwar agains by 63! Thank you all for the follows! BUT I will still send a check to
Circumstances are usually impartial...but life is only as hard as I make it¡
Are you a good sport?
I love Clark's class. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
We might not have total control of our fate but we can certainly give it a push in the direction we choose.
everyone has something, right?
Me too. RT : My Draw Something name is the same as my Twitter name, if anybody feels like bringin' it.
So far... I'm leaning heavily toward Ken Blackwell for RNC Chair.
He's a tall white guy wearing a black Track 7 t-shirt.
Thanks meow
Bay bay bay
Yellow aphids on the lovage, green aphids on the fennel, & blue aphids on the cauliflower= time 2 make 1st batch of organic insect repellent
Watching Hostel Part II & I can't help but think that somewhere in the world a place like that really exists......yikes!!
Relaxing. It hasn't happened often this week.
The amount of anger building up inside of me is unhealthy... <U+E416>
it's like a wreck, I can't look away
SERIOUS horn-honking right now on Mission street right now!
I'm listening to your covers for the first time and i just love your voice!
I wanna make these (CC)cookies. It's mad late though!.
This unacceptable
RT : Missed 2 wkshps but made 's prtnrwrk Class w/ Outstanding- they broke dwn tricky moves...
How to love <3
I don't normally read SciFi stuff. But I am finding myself really enjoying Dawn by Octavia E. Butler
Fuck it #OKC belongs to Kansas city
Thanks for the RT. Would you guys take a flight on a that plane? Cuz we're looking into tix, if you want us to grab you some.
yeah I guess :p I'm still kind of upset about the break up :/
English TV, I usually love you! Why won't you indulge my post-season, grand-slam, fair-weather sporting enthusiasm?
my students are having a really difficult time coming up with non-computer equivalents to things like tumblr or instagram.
Prepping for arrival... Making sure she has an enjoyable stay
NEW FREEDIA NEW WORLD EXCITED TO B BACK ON THE ROAD OMG!!
ESPN reporting that Favre is expecting to play tomorrow against Patriots, says ankle is much better.
WIN A FREE T SHIRT. www.yeldahgoods.com/contests
Come out to KB Homes today (206 Animas Cove Georgetown Tx) from 1p-3p to see beautiful homes and win some great prizes!
so sorry!! I'm a little slow at the twitter! Thanks for the shout out! :)
sorry ... I'm not actually going to jazz tomorrow
; well then, text me later...the app. :)
omg can i commit now
The best night editing the last issue of with , (emo) and Cheers, super-staffers.
we may not have it all together but together we have it all <U+2764>
Apparently Sweetest Day is a midwest holiday. Glad to be on the west coast. Didn't care for that holiday anyways.
what's the scoop
any second now.
Why is there no other rangoon? Why does crab have a monopoly on rangoon?
RT Red Bull is one of the biggest syndicators of extreme sports content. They make more $$ off their content than product.
So excite to see The Lorax with Liam and Jack! #nannydate?
thanks for posting this sir.
any time:)
Give directly to candidate if under $1,000. They can buy ads for half the cost of PAC groups.
Dear crush, I want our relationship to be like Tom & Jerry; no matter how many times we fight, we won't be apart.
hey there Jim. Pleased to tweet you! Happy running - wiz.
It is not a question of how well each process works, the question is how well they all work together
Cannot stop watching Intervention. Show opens up my eyes.
hm my hair smells good.
Eating ice cream n Oreos at 3am missing my first lady
What are you going to dress up as for Halloween? I need some inspiration!
The moment I put on the sweater, I knew that I liked it.
Rookie of the Year?! Right? My first crush too. :)
Leadership means taking accountability for both the results and the way the results get accomplished. How matters.
I'd be happy to - can you follow me so that I can DM you? Thanks so much!
Im addicted to this album!!
Shout out to 4 jumping on the track, It's gon' be a Classic #Real recognize Real
Basketball is a team game. But that doesn't mean all five players should have the same amount of shots. Dean Smith
no doubt
Email me and we will figure something out.
I hope this is my bus in the distance...
hope the bday was wonderful! see you next weds?
very much so. Simpsons lost it years ago.
Hey, forgot to say congrats for meeting your following goal! Has anyone claimed their free babysign class yet?
Vegas bound! Gonna see George Jones, The Possum!
i will
i loved #redemption great job guys!!!
If you don't have gas mask, a bandana soaked in vinegar will protect your face,eyes vs tear gas
i read your column about the moss Vikings tweet. i appreciate you "coming clean." very respectable. thank you.
I'm gonna find #oddneighbor on FB. I bet she's got some interesting things on there
was the best moment
Evelyn Waugh~ Punctuality is the virtue of the bored.
I guess I was just practice.
Realizing if I were a character on #larkrise ... it would be Dorcas... sans corset, post office, or lady parts... #whoRUonPBS ?
How'd u want me to take care of u...
Grubby Girl will be closed from 12/23 until I/4/12. Have a safe and Happy Holiday Season!
#YEEUH DID HE SEE??
of course it is
no slam on Charlotte; CUSA does itself no favors taking in weak or brand new football programs. Bigger not always better
Thanks! If you've got lots of friends in poker, we're looking for affiliate reps all over the US. LMK if you're interested.
Today is friday finally <3
Back rubs? No. Back scratch? Yes.
Good morning
hey Kendall you really should follow this awesome #Rusher she is so sweet and she loves you
What was the best movie to come out in the past couple of years? Let's hear some opinions!
It hits right in the pocket and Donny sounds incredible. That whole album is great. Loveit.
ya know I didn't even know her name lol...now I got that song in my head!
haha. 2004. Oh snap. We have a lot to talk about now.
I love Diggy Simmons and Mindless Behavior
Saying you'll go to sleep but being to distracted to even try.
RT "The worst thing that can happen is that you'll die and go to heaven." --Joel Osteen at
PANEL INFO: The Digital Me: Personal Branding SIS Founders Rm
This is the day I have to say goodbye to my great grandmother and I don't know if I'm ready for this but the lord will see me through this!!
tft #oomf can tweet but not text back...
Hold on. Change is coming. Everything is gonna be alright. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
Still going. My current distance is 6.34 miles. Current song is -
Deadline for recall candidates to turn in 2,000 signatures to GAB is tonight at 5
is that a visual comparison as well?
Only by going too far can one possibly find out how far one can go.
Playoff basketball is so nice lets go #Nuggetts!!!
Everybody dies but not everybody lives
no doubt
And I can't breathe.
It took until May 8th for Miller Park roof to be open for a game. Yet, the have managed to play how many games at Wrigley ?
following the ... pretty eerie to read and remember seeing this unfold on TV...
Frak yes!! I love those movies and Sackhoff is a total hottie!
TGIF! Our suggestions for a good Tucson weekend: Drinks at Playground, reverse happy hour at Union, Sunday's Food Truck Roundup!
when your really #notguilty but no one believes you.
Adele's voice sounds clean smooth and clear
NP. Was a pleasure seeing the great work you do being honored. Congrats! RT : Thanks for the #DCADDYs shoutout!
with my face buried in my iphone? yep!
Happy Birthday Gray! Hope you have a great day! Love ya(:
Is it even possible to go to all of your classes in a week?
That moment when it just seems like nothing is right . / :
does worldgolf have an RSS feed?
Yes! Do u deliver? :) RT : Anybody want some fresh chocolate chip cookies?
I like your new avatar photo, pretty :)
Sweet Daughter, them are some wise words. Ain't it THE truth! “: sweet Jesus Christ my sanity. #butreally”
Tune into ESPN in 20 min at 8PM ET to watch the show I'm working on - NCAA bowling.
Way to go SF Giants! WooHoo!!!
NEXT 4 ARTISTS TO DM: ME .. #PROMOTED ON #MHRR, Mile High Royalty Radio, Week 2! SERIOUS INQUIRIES ONLY! Not limited to
See bybloggers.net/wckc_cpt.zip for sample code from Custom Post Types session
yea for sure !
Yea buddy! First time I've been really into the Sixers since AI (the real one) was around.
keep those boobs in your shirt if we play the Lakers in the Finals again. Kobe likes him some white meat. You are to skinny though
wht u talking about I always follow ppl back just don't ask me ok lol
Mom was asking me for fashion advice over text, and I finally said, "Google Mad Men & click images. That should be your style."
Second round, yeah. Then will be in Europe within three years.
Im gettin tatted again this weekend im damn near outta room already lmal
Thanks for the recommendation Mark, I look fwd to his tweets.
well iam trying to have FUN!
thanks ;) what an incredible experience!
Catch All Terrain co-founder on ABC's between 9-10 AM! She & WCL are teaming with Bloomingdale's for a great cause!
Don't forget RP's single in all of this
My son named his bike SPEED...
Just witnessed a showdown between danielle and a stupid Chinese retard and danielle just TRASHED her <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A3><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A3><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A3><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00B2>
Is Jenga one of the Hunger Games?
Bruce Greenwood would make a Fantastic Reed Richards
presiding over my last #Houston Young Lawyers Association board meeting as president! It's been a great year!!!
hell yea I do porn everyday hahhahahaha
thanks for sharing the Baltimore love, Michael!
Thanks! Just getting into shooting, I was happy with how I did. This was at 15 yards
haha, well played!
and again I say y'all are ADORABLE :) Awwh! True love! <3
When I'm put in to awkward/bad situations. -.-
At Maricopa Assoc of Governments Economic Development Committee collaborative discussion on Innovation opportunities and Incubator successes
yeah that's a good song:D
Good Monday morning to you today. Cold but sunny here in Kipling, NC. Working on shipping out weekend orders.
18 years ago today genius passed. May we always remember the brilliance of Bill Hicks....
RT : Im hosting The Miller Lite #NFLDraft Kickoff w/ #Bears Alumni Shaun Gayle & "Big Cat" Williams 2night...
Why do you press harder on the buttons of a remote control when you know the batteries are dead?
I want it to be July; tans, swimming, and fireworks<3
No, you'll end up looking like Mike Napoli or even worse, Joey Fatone
I hate it when i finally get my hair how i want it and then i go to work and it fucks it all up.
we were confused here also. Someone thought it was approaching delay of game?
I'm about to give up on this chemistry assignment <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
laptop and i have a stupid old phone either way stupidd
in other words he's clueless...out of touch!
I love making new Friends
I miss your tasty orange drink, I haven't had it in what feels like forever!
Psst... has Drake tickets coming up at 6:30 tonight. You best be listening if you want 'em!
i never doubted you for a minute. , I would intentionally force mike to do anything too stupid
i watched it last night and idk if i was expecting too much or what? Great cast just couldnt get into the storyline
Braved the rain for some peach pinkberry, totally worth it
I feel bad for people with life changing moments because every moment for me is life changing.I guess I have a life changing life.
#NBA #MLB #MLS #NHL all in action this time of year. #GodblessAmerica That's pretty much what it takes to cope with #NFL off-season
Checking in @ Golden Globes gift suite in Beverly Hills...yes life is tough! I will do what I normally do...donate most of it to charity.
Oh, Olive! Is one of our new vendors! Come and delight in its many healthy extra virgin olive oils and vinegars.
I laugh on the outside and still crying on the inside.
and I am ALSO on my way to YOU!
I'm cold
Let's just assume I know this isn't my Mom's/ Grandma's Food/Store/Restaurant and find something more creative to say about it instead.
Happy Mother's Day, Dad... you mother!
Sound is Dope!!!
I didn't even realize blockbusters still existed. I want my VHS!
About to go down the rabbit hole. Pray for peace and self awareness. This could be a long journey. I love this world and everyone in it.
Thank you very much.
See y'all tonite at The Bartlett Comedy Spot with & 5709 Raleigh Lagrange.730
The women have to create an ad campaign, which includes casting, wardrobe, props and hair and make-up. ANTM is ALL NEW tonight at 9 on CW20!
omg jersey shore was so good<33333
represent and manage pro athletes.
u are lucky didn't crack your skull punk!!!
At Liuzzas, there's a guy here with loud kids. It's Ray Nagin.
Teach a man to fish & you've fed him for a lifetime!
Allstate has given $2.6M since 2006 to college scholarship funds; Target gives $3M/WEEK to local communities. How do you pitch-in?
in this global community why not have a global web site......peewaddy.com
did you take any pictures? would love to see the final look:)
I am not playing with this #daydreamsandnightmares album. Ask. what he heard today.. I swear this shit is gonna be nice! As you were
2 snakes!! They both got caught on sticky mouse traps i put in my room! I almost fainted when I found them! LOL!!
Hey Twitter... Hi
TV or Movie job?
GOODNIGHT TWEETHEARTS! MUAH #SWEETDREAMS & #REMEMBER #FOLLOWYOURDREAMS SO U CAN TURN THEM INTO REALITY! ;)
CALL ME.
Would it be ok if i took your breath away?
Shout out to the newest tweeps to follow us and join the FreeHand Corps: , & !
lol yea you right
This Cavaliers team is much much better this year. One ping ball falls our way and we are now competitive.
VIP Tables SOLD OUT and waitlisted last night ... hope you already made your reservations for tonight! - DJ HEAVEN & DJ RIZ @ ESTATE *
I want a Madonna piercing (:
#SomeoneIWantToMeet Not someone but 5 people... One Direction :)
USAC open wheel star Bryan Clauson has been hired by Sarah Fisher to try to qualify for the Indy 500.
nice : ) but silver and fancy bows and arrows…and computer generated death hounds...
Tonight tied UK's worst loss against UofL (12 runs) in the school's history (UofL won 15-3 in 1979)
my cat raps. his names Wiska Lifa.
no bc we all read that Courtney wins on Which is going to suck for Ben at the Women Tell All next week
sent u a txt I can type more in a txt
#nf follow back
hey Mae!
Don't ever lose faith in someone or something. Faith is what keeps us going.
you've been foiled by your own sense of indignation.
any suggestions for dealing with cramps during end of training session?
#areyoufuckingwithme this is so not true? he's busy! do u think he would really go visit you , stupid starting shitt.
Working the door at the Hype Hotel all day and I don't own anything green to wear... anticipating all sorts of fun comments.
I'm here
It seems like Everytime I'm around you, were laughing our asses off haha
Congrats Cindy on Motherhood tix win: "The greatest gift anyone could EVER be given!" Thx to all for participating...mom trivia 2morrow.
I'm reading Death at Pemberley by P.D. James!
.. and Andrew W Mellon Professor of Humanities at Boston College.
Honored you are following. Looking forward to your tweets on #gratitude, #change #management, & #positive thinking.
WOW kansas making big plays on D.
I was watching 'Parenthood' on TV. All I can say is that this group is a loud, contentious bunch. Even the 'Gilmore Girl,' is a bitch.
Watchin saw with my sis and mommah gotta love these girls!!":)
I fall too fast, crash too hard, forgive too easily, and care too much..,.,.,.,,
Let it Ho! Opens tonight! Come pick up your free drink and OOB koozie! TONIGHT @ THE SPOT 8pm!
I weighed in and gained 0.2 lbs.
and I hope Nuggets win tonight 'cause I predicted DEN/LAL series would go to 7 and said would be an upset. so go Nuggets, beat L.A.
But, he doesn't look a day over 320!! :)
Crazy Friday
yea shits gonna get ugly
Did I just see Spinelli dressed as The Dude's rug?
The 'Saw' button is great!
FOLLOW ME BACK:) 20
walking to class?
Shoulder Lean will forever be be song! I LOVE that song!
hey its me mary aka iamsporty657. please follow me back and i love your videos. =)
Awesome!! Okay so I'm gonna be 23 on Monday and I'm going all fangirl over this contest lol so much fun!
More on #TheWantedInWisconsin in a few minutes on #WISN12. Congrats to students at one #Racine school!
***WESA members***, we still have some rooms available!! Just visit us @ hotelvq.com & click on the WESA logo for your special rate!!!
Great, I just realized I work in a small Maine town that has been engulfed by thick fog for days. I need to make my way to a grocery store.
Tons of great options. Try Sitka & Spruce...
I love all my ladies:)
want me 2 shout out for you?
I guess I will have to bring my DD-214 so I get out alive.
y'all are going to Westminster?
I'm envious of the fun you must have at your job! Fortunately, mine is pretty great, too. :)
i also predict an increase in "drink-to-face throwing," "violent side eye," going to "fight a bitch," and more bad behavior
SOO MY MAN IS SHUTTING DOWN SANTOS ON THE 23RD WHOSE COMING OUT TO SEE THE BEST UNSIGNED ARTIST IN NYC HANDS DOWN!??
Watching The Devil Inside <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
“: cmon over big ej” wish I could man working until 3. I'm down on a weekend tho
you're such a tease!
O Coffee, precious black liquid, to which I am addicted, you help me face my kindred, keep me focused and committed, even as I sip it
the only thing that worries me is the credit check. I feel like I'm buying a car. I'm fine on my background.
My grandma looked adorable waiting for us outside with her umbrella.
Tomorrow will be better!
's performance on Ellen was amazing! Great job!:)
Fatherhood has made you wise.
i know. Lol gosh i never knew i would miss pigeon forge so much
See videos of our adult fitness class on Facebook!
Just heard a 6th grader call his friend a chode fuck. Wtf is wrong with children these days?
That's exactly what I use it for. Did you get any good responses for the high schoolers?
shit was crazy, lmao after it was all done I was CRACKING THE FUCK UP!
Just when I thought LA was for the skinny people....I've got a print ad audition for tomorrow. You can never judge this town. Ever.
Fucked that final up. On my momma.
I just need someone to cover my shift today:(!!
Happy Sunday! Enjoy the blessings of this lovely day!
I'll be there. Look forward to meeting you. Love all the allusions to old favorite books (Edward Eager, etc.) in
working it off now but worth it!
BBQ Chicken w/ noodles, veggies & salad, #YUM!
It's true! We have some pretty awesome ones. RT : LOL they all work at
I dig leaving work with a shred of daylight left. Glad this dark winter is starting to lift.
good place for pics, autographs & its in the shade. My wife & I have sat here the past few years.
I was praying that you and me might end up together <3
What a great venue. Great sound, lights & still very intimate. Was impressed.
#fanquestion what is their favorite song right now?
I love boys come home with my brothers.. My brothers got some hot frannnnsss.
lol I love it!! :) Well she got her revenge by beating me at darts
Yes, because ALL of us are evil...seriously. RT : Introduce me to anyone decent I'll find evil in em
Jordan is so much better than Kobe. WAY better shooter, more MVP's, more rings, better FT %. Jordan> Kobe
thanks for the recs! i ended up at Ramen California, and m, the pork on the tonkotsu was DElish!
I'm tired
Great quote and so true!
Keep it up, Clean Lungs! I think you're rad & I know you can do it!
JUST IN..Packers go out of business and forced to give the rights of Lambo Leap to the Hawks for the Shaw Shimme.
The secret of getting ahead is getting started. - Mark Twain
Sign me UP!
All oil produced will be sold in global market, midwest gas prices will go up 5-10 cents per gal and jobs are temp.
I'm saying "ah" to _______________ today.
BeachConnection.net says very little lodging on the Oregon coast this 4th of July. A says road and air traffic both strong.
not sure on the specifics. You should definitely ask around and research it though before you do the court thing.
where are you ? With ?
Tell me more about the link promo - def possible. It does mean I'm going to have to change a lot of profiles & email signatures!
Alright my 2,002nd tweet goes out to
The more you have to explain something, the less it's worth explaining.
I guess me being the "nice guy" I get looked ova.. #goodguyfinshedlast again!! Smh..
Couldn't let go, it stayed on my mind At the end of the night I had to decide, I was thinkin'...
These are all good options. And they Sox fans aren't willing to provide constructive ideas. Is that what they say?
god i can't breathe what is this.
Np: Take Care Rihanna Ft Drake
on my way to teen hoot (:
Google Penguin Update: Don't Forget About Duplicate Content - WebProNews
Domino's pizza stay trying to hem a brother up with the e-mail deals, but unless is here, its a no go.
Rolled out of bed, got ready in 10, now im at stockhouse
hahaha, you should! Did you find out anything about catering?
Yeah :/ I'm sorry! But I'm sure they'll figure it out. Your the bigger person for staying out of it :)
I blame media that talks about underwear 24/7 but let the death panels hang out there like truth.
Thanks bro. Enjoy the race. I'm not a fan but I've always wanted to go to a NASCAR race. I bet those fans can drink!
lol you got it Mark GEESH LOUISE!!!
They ARE! I have THREE slap band watches. I wear them all the time!
true! Just luv what Joss has done for the heroine! Wait till ya see what he has done w/ black Widow!
Anyone know of any cool marketing or entrepreneurship events going on this week?
lol! wrangling goats is never awkward...
George Glass
Hope you had a great show!
um anyways lol
Sometimes, after finding the truth, you realize that the lie was easier to live with.
We BMF'n all over this town, Big Meech () -Larry Hoover
Presenting on April 6 in Palo Alto:
So this Tintin movie . . . why couldn't this have been live-action instead of creepy photorealistic CG animation?
do you want to hang out?
Check out this cance to win some free stuff:)
we're you at the Sono Regent 8 downtown? We love that theater.
's customer support is terrible. One more example of awful outsourcing to India.
always, babe.
what did you do today?(:
Afternoon sun+adult beverages=naps. Sunshine equation.
I wouldn't say KL's a waste, just too much development there is targeted towards foreigners. Real estate as no. 1 export.
If you find it please return to the media center. Girl trying to get educated and can't go to class w/out ID.
FAMILY MATTERS!!!!!!!! :))) I haven't seen this show in forever. I love it :)
Soo encouraged today!! Even on my worst day and being stressed I still find joy in it all...that's truly being blessed!
Remy () is talking about #failfaire. You all know about this, , ?
but I just don't know how to love him
someone buy me believe tour backstage passes ! NOW .
ATTN Writers: Would you be interested in penning our bio/elevator pitch? If so, shoot us a DM. Thanks!
Austin Mahone, you're my one &' only boy .... now just why cant I be your one &' only girl ? <3
What day in Feb are we finding out?
New Girl, I love you but that scene was utterly ridiculous.
That's how you get my vote....or not
RT : It’s time for #Motorama LIVE, brought to you by – Editor in Chief and your #Motorama LIVE Host
Hope ct and diem win tonight!
It's almost Game of Thrones time on HBO!!
that's awesome! Can't wait! You super excited??
this is very dope. I'm gonna throw it up on our blog for sure. Good work!
pitbull is sexy... i love him.... yeah
It IS scary when you first start. It feels like a huge jump off the "typical" ship into an open sea. Been the best thing tho.
Mtg. If fast I'm in Jordan. If long I have a short break at 2
I'm curious about what makes PH intriguing for an academic historian? And also why the ugly stepsister status?
If some of the latest wx models pan out, the bulk of heavier snow may stay just south of much of immediate area.
And I'm not spam! ;)
are you???
jungle worms...so then he got infected and then he faked being sick after he got better because she was serving him so well
depends on the crowd. try to be
how was it?!
Determined to go to church this morn
This is a shout out to
this dude really offered to buy a rose smh
I'm so effin' excited and happy I don't know what to do with myself!!!! #AH England? Or Mexico? Hm?
It takes a village... and then some.
where u at ?
thank you for following Welleducator.org!
Ha, my family calls me Mel (though the hubby doesn't like it) Indirectly related to Gen Thadeus Kosciuszko. He had no kids.
Why do guys promise big things and just never follow through? And then! Ask why we "just don't believe you" cause "you've never lied"
good morning tweeties :)
Can you message me your personal email? I'm trying to send stuff to your AU account, but it's not working.
Still in shock from #madmen Should I go to sleep or watch it again?
WOW! i'm surprised ALONA talked to us wow......... :D my co-owner will freak
When my teacher catches me on Twitter. She laughs at me....
won, i'm going to bed happy. I'll save my rant about Lou Williams until the morning
“: I hate it when I meow at cats and they don't meow back. Unbelievably rude.” lol
I'm looking forward to the rant RT : This wedding is off the hinges.. And I'm shit faced...1st drunk tweet ever
: yay! You're my 100 follower:D
Well, I'm not going to pay full price to find out. :p
follow me ;$
Give it to here in the worst way, Can't wait to blow her candles out <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A8>
Liked it? Loved it. It was... amazing. How bout that fucking #Pun. Heh yeah, i guess i did huh. Rad.
I stuck w/ it for a while & I'm sad I didn't keep it up (this was pre-smartphone times for me; now there's no excuse). go for it!
Create Club is back today! 3-5pm w/author Susan Lowell reading her books, then make bookmarks for Rio Nuevo bookmark contest!
#ff Old school venues to meet friends
Good morning! Coffee was brewing when I made my way downstairs this morning. That's a great way to start the day!
MRI on my head in an hour.
drink somethin for me when they do lose!
Not at this season of Music Under Glass anymore, but we will at our Summer's Best Series. Stay tuned!
Just ate a tempeh reuben at Stella's with It's a really nice place for a relaxing lunch and so many veg options!
Too early to be up on a Saturday
"What we do for ourselves dies with us. What we do for others and the world remains and is immortal.” ~Albert Pine
Thanks for the shout out. Should be fun!
Sorry! They're all gone.
Its a beautiful day...u are so.not on my level... Im laughn at you....rolling....
Fuel's right around the corner, doll. #FreshAirIsGoodForYou. :-) (if i were home, i'd deliver for you)
Rent a movie and avoid the crowds!
Lol stop bitching!
not here yet
She just told me to stop going out with guys every girl wants. Really? How tf would I even know? I go out with whoever I want!
That's what I thought when I first visited.California isn't only a place,it's a state of mind. For me it's a love affair.
Chekhov's gun = elevator.
Any parent receiving child support should be fully accountable for the expenditure of those funds, with documentation and review.
The Rockefeller Center tree lighting is tonight. Nothing beats Christmas in New York City! tis the season.
it's only good for shoes & men clothes
indeed I did like your sense of humor!
An estimated 1 out of
If Vinny can't return on the ABDC stage in his original position then no one should be used as an alternative in his place.
My Little Porny!!!
A person can't really truly fail unless they give up
you in Chicago? Or you fucking with me.. lol
“: WMYB ON IN THE CAR THIS IS MY KINDA PARTY” dr0p it lyke itz hawt.
Good luck on your finals!
I so cannot be trusted around guacamole. is it wrong to have guacamole before noon?
tapey and tickles have friends. woo!
Can this nightmare be over already?
I love Wikipedia. Or was Ben Franklin really known as "Wolverine Man"?
Please, let's have an easier day on the schedule today, shall we?
Drunk guy walked up to me and asked "how far away is it?" "How far away is what?" "Um... The moon coming up." "Oh. I think another 20 mins."
Just set my Velveeta on fire
Really excited for tonight:)))
It was great to have Vandy ! Sorry about the finish, but we hope you had safe travels & enjoyed your visit ^R.S.
On a twitter roll! Somebody random tell me what you think of us...good or bad. Would you buy our next CD?
this is true. Would you like to go down to the vacant apartment s later and procure illicit materiel?
Sad people who lack confidence are happy to spend lots of money to make themselves feel more beautiful or worthy.
Misclassification - DOL and IRS feel they are losing money for workers' comp., taxes, and unemployment. Let us help you out!
we gotta link up
is safe so happy im throwing up! Good choice america
YOU ARE THE BEST, I love you so freakin' much!. it's crazy<U+2665> please follow me! #PutYourHeartsUp <U+2665> 3
smooches Big B dawg!
#Fox Shout-out! RT : RT : More #Glee action with a bit of Adele
Who has instagram?(:
Unless you're looking in my windows, it's doppelgänger season.
Omg I love today. I love the end of the semester. I love summer.
Glad to see A-Rod back in the lineup tonight and Happy Birthday wishes to one of the greatest #Yankees of all-time, Don Mattingly!
You suck.
kisses back!!!
#NoorKhan d/o Indian Sufi dad +American mom, dist relative of #MaryBakerEddy founder Church Christ Scientist & #TipuSultan freedomfighter
We won't let you down! Bring your appetite!!!
Jon Kyl blocks START treaty. I guess fucking up domestic policy was too small a stage for Republicans
i love chicago. i love it so much i'm going to civilly unite with it! take that you traitor!
I'm sorry but no one puts baby in a corner and no one beats an peach! , thanks again!
I am so proud of my wife She started her journey to complete her education as an Advanced Practice Registered Nurse (APRN)!!!
#UW is blessed to have you as a Dawg! “: Blessed to be on football scholarship and attend the prestigious University of Wash
Glad we went. Its awesome that you & are fun AND professional; those are 2 qualities rarely paired in folks so young
Reports are that he shot himself in the chest; don't be surprised if he's donating his brain to concussion research like Dave Duerson.
Got the part in a small film plus I was asked to be part of a web series!!!!! Yay!
Boy:"Daddy,where did I come from?" Dad:"Well,you came from your mommy,Pal" Boy:"Where'd Mommy come from?" Dad:"FROM THE DEPTHS HADES!"
and to you too, sweetheart. Thinking of you this weekend. Holding the space for you...:-)
you know I'm teasing. Merry Christmas Luke!
test message
eh I wouldnt want KMart, if we draft beal then we should be set at SG
#weedcommandments Thou shalt not eat edibles and expect to be fine in 1 hour.
Michelle Bachmann is no longer running for President.
"New bar on H Street to open inside bathroom of new bar on H Street..."
i cant believe what had happened yesterday
Exciting discovery: plays accordion and uke. and we need to have a piano-uke-accordion session soon.
lucky! I'm still stuck at MSY. Delay, delay, canceled, reinstated... long day! With 2nd bored kids!
You should not deny others of your art and your talent due to the materialism that drives so many.
yeah I'm on. & I can't either.:/ I never can.
I totally danced off those chicken sandwiches I ate earlier
Football Manger is so addictive. I love it.
don't hurt nobody at that party. ;)
Dear bank lady, please don't tell me I am difficult because I am asking a lot of questions...
Thanks for the Follow
RT : Mashed Potatoes is sweet!
Thank you for meeting with us. We appreciate your help! Have a great weekend...
Hasn't been on Twitter in a minute. What'd I miss?
Thirteen Minutes <3
The beauty you see in Life, is but a reflection from within.
Point of Origin: Poulsbo A.L.F. Destination: Sequim A.L.F. Prognosis: Favorable
I see a survey crew on GA Hwy 264 Bethany Church Rd. Maybe sidewalks to Hwy 78? Thank you Gwinnett Co.!
That's so cool! Hopefully he likes the ending!
OMG! Just found a HUGE ass Beetle thing on my skirt! Mustve picked it up from outside n brought it home! Thankg my angels for letting ...
omg i just realized who u were ! R u still teaching at champion ? :)
Headed to Miller Park this a.m. to cover Cardinals-Brewers opening weekend series. If anyone gets check out the pre-game show.
Hahaha my dad just flipped cuz some guy was staring at my moms b000bz
put your glass in your pool b/c he hates Cleveland. Never has any lady luck here...or there
"Where..." so evocative of the ideal realm.
On the way to Vegas . Here comes trouble
Happy Monday Australia! It's coffee time :)
Impress yourself today
haha that night was pretty great :) I had all kinds of fun
In-laws en route.
You guys really rock:-) thx for making my Bday so enjoyable over 400 Bday posts! WOW much love and thank you all.
"They may have delusions, paranoia and a depressed emotional state." I had an editor like that once.
#KatieOnGMA how could anyone possibly give U advice??? Its like riding a bike...fyi..your co-host is GEORGE..not Matt! LOL
In this week's installment of "Joy Sticks," columnist Matt Overstreet talks about video games as a form of storytelling....
Tomorrow i have sound check at 11:30am for my performance at The gypsy fest at 3PM, Then i perform again baba budans later that night. :-)
Welcome to my Page
Thank you for RT!
Happy Birthday To Me -__-
"I truly like 'em and respect 'em" Rick Perry gives a genuine shoutout to campaign reporters at GridIron dinner.
dead-on accurate. owes him a big apology - not 4 the leak, but the "guilty" rants of their "heads" following
Mr. Rogers would have been better than Rodgers
Thanks for the follow Your Neighborhood Plumber for NYC... No extra charges nights, weekends, holidays or emergencies...24/7
u commin to my show the 19th??
Loving the excitement from the Air Show, but the noise from the #jets is scaring the #cats!
Me, too. 20 years since diagnosed. People like you help a lot.
Especially for a girl who's not a beauty product junky I refuse to peruse for hrs. on end lol (though I luv Sephora) lol
“: Stealing this: Pulaski SW uniforms look like Florida's, but fans do Florida State tomahawk chant #confused?” Warriors maybe?
Oh you already know what's up big dogg...Series ain't over what so ever ya know ;)
It's being taught by VC from MentorTech. Great guy with a lot of knowledge.
Fans must be golfing today RT : Fenway looks real empty today. Especially for a Beckett start. It must be their off-day.
Need Guys, one in dog costume, one to be his friend, average looking, to do events on May 28th in NY, DET, ATL and MPLS.
Excited for the long awaited return of
sadly yes
I cut it up cooked it up way it should be": so i walked down the block and copped anotha kii from the big homey"
Jus kam from party city. The gurls r fairyz. Dullie is the hulk. N im a dark fairy. We r soo fabulous!
When asked the question about how I feel when I am appreciated at work...it really did make gift giving a "no brainer."
#Cali has the MOST bipolar weather
Guarantee SOMEBODY is gonna see that pic & hop on the comments like "Aye lil mama.. I wanna swim wit you doee!" Lol!
just followed. Now follow me biotch.
I"ll make up something official sounding to send you.
Have your students vocalize in formal settings - much needed so they can converse professionally at some point in time.
waiting for my dad. ~
I'm going tonight! RT : Has anyone gone to the #delmarfair?
m really
This morning's piece brought tears to my eyes. As usual.
That's amazing, but out of my price range. Thank you, though.
Me too. ;) #140MTL RT : gonna be on ustream at around 4ish tomorrow. Waiting for link.
OHH MY GOSH
As someone who writes from amazingly fast-arriving texts, I'm in awe of all reporters who can do that.
Where is the pressure on these QBs? Driving me nuts.
#replace1Dsongswithfreedom Freedom Makes You Beautiful
Coaches from Bradley and Dayton extended scholarship offers to Berlin's Toby Hegner this week.
Verizon iPhone Pre-Orders, News Corp. Introduces The Daily
Happy 4th everyone! Celebrate your independance, make it an awesome day in every way. Oh yeah and some fireworks too
not very
what would you use FTP for? You just push to production using SVN or GIT
Healthy masculinity is about respect, love and caring.
Can the Hawks get rid of Mike Kitchen next?
Need bridal hair inspiration!? Just take a look at the red carpet!!
"So sad:(: Killed in today's school bus crash: Bus driver Thomas Spencer II, 60; student Donasty Smith, 5, Indianapolis"
Yes :) , kussh is the flavor # cherry pie is my favorite !
tell me about it. Try driving 90mph... Semi-hallucinating...rofl!
OK cool. Thanks for your help!
Who runs out of gas on the way to they show, I'm in this bitch though, Haan...
Thanks for the #FF !
#HowToMakeItInAmerica Sell Coke, Yola, Butter, Piff, Sniff, Hash & Of Course Rob People
Dont care what anyone says Scott Disick's Pink Suit is off da CHAIN! I would definitely rock that look! Scott lets start a mens line!?
I hope the loading times don't suck in LittleBigPlanet Karting, like they did in ModNation Racers.
i second that #cap'ncrunch time!!!!
why are you tryin to look so hard in your pic?? Mean muggin!
I'm one with the chaos. Any suggestions on how to settle it into productivity. I'm open. Anyone?
they took let me in off :( i love that movie. :(
Checking out the Panels....er... panel.
haha my b. I guess you'll always be mag_guy to me. But it stresses me out. I search my comp for elicit pics that don't exist.
Thanks James. Goodlooks
Get the party started right this holiday season! *Book a Party Today!*
i pulled my abdomen muscle thats on my bone..
100 kids vying for county's top speller at SD Hall of Champions this morning. First speller knocked out by "condor."
Less where it sits, more that it's incorporated into the #branding #marketing & #communication strategy.
Found a nice temp desk at the SDL corporate offices in Maidenhead. Excited to faces to all the names throughout the week.
so excited to be heading to moscow, siberia, mongolia and china and all on a luxury train. fun!
when you coming to the states babe!?!
Phillies will win the world series Go Phillies
David Drozen told me to tell you Hello. So now I can check that off the list!
Related: between the run & job offer, excuse me if I refer to anything I say, eat, drink or do for the rest of today as "Celebratory _____"
-qot an interview 2man; wish me luck twitter ;(
Thanks,we are,no kidding!
You know what $22 would do right now? It would put us at $1,200. Can we do it??? Only one more hour to go to #roctheday!
when you don't see my tweets.
He also brought the 67 (not showing well) and the 98 which had fantastic aromatics, but a very tight palate.
my brother's 20 & he still gets an Easter basket lmao
Right, let's bulldoze Downer Woods for football and basketball arenas they don't need.
just a hangover. Don't worry 2nd half they should roll.
Knocked out for like 2 hours.
me?! You. Easily.
Dirty niggas stay in the bathroom doing everything but washing up!
Soon!! RT : Can't wait to hear new stuff by you guys! <3
Dog Fashions and Saddlepacks
I'd love to - but with clients all those days in NJ; But do go visit Rockefeller XMas Tree- was there when it was lit
I start my paper. My professor emails back 4 days later. I did my paper wrong. DIE.
Just watched a throw back film Girl 6.....
Sounds perfect, enjoy! Yea it's always busy around here :) Just crossing our fingers for some more spring sunshine.
Later gator!
such a gorgeous song!
RT : Judge Feinstein: after cuts, only three (out of 15) civil depts will remain open. //Justice delayed = denied.
Right on, thanks for getting in touch and for the shoutout! Glad you guys remain in contact.
RT : More history that honors the truth about our past, present, & future will save us.
Things Go Wrong | Michelle Gilders&#39; Photography
My 15 year old cousin in having a party tonight and I'm not even invited.
ha! i have never been to Boulder, but believe you are right on.
<whine> I'm so tiiiiirred. Why can't I sleep? </whine><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
RT : A4: I read preservation things all the time, but I'd like more time to read most of my non-fiction list
Of cours, they should. It's a question of character.
I am a beliber
RT : "Inspiring kids to become creators" -- the goal of 's teaching.
Man, I can't believe it's been exactly a year since I met He made me believe dreams come true. Camping out in the city (c)
We will have a rockin' chair waiting for ya! Shine responsibly!
Funny to me how the same ppl that hate on u, 9 out of 10 of them can't wait to find a way to get in your shoes or hang out with u in the end
the box was the best hahahhaha. i still need someone to work thursday for me :/ ugh
#HowToKeepMeHappy don't bitch about my friends.
well I was watching She's the Man.... but not anymore I just woke up like half an hour ago soo... yeahh
Need to get it into single digits by half. Let's get a run going guys.
I think a news article in paper has better chance of holding my attention than a tv story
#ScharCares twitter party has started! During the party please use the hashtag when responding. So excited to tweet with you all!
I won't be happy until all the memories are erased from my mind.
I have one.
I wish i lived closer to my cousins they are so funny.!
Tell me? how do New Yorkers get away with adding brokers fee to rental property without being a broker......
Relatively better scholars often seem to resent the relatively better self-promoters.
It seems Green Bay and Pittsburg brought their weather to Dallas!
#RIP Davy Jones
that was such a beautiful performance! " I just want you to know who I am"
Shout out to my #Msmeca12 social networking session
obviously not since you weren't there...
Thanks for sharing the work we do!
well then go eat something.. lol you know you like to eat
There's just something about coming home to your moms house that makes it impossible to have a bad day
Ha your so funny and kind chris hope you have a nice year and can you please follow me when you get a chance please
no one here is bad! :) go watch a movie or something!
I can't stay up. English tomorrow it is, then.
Casino keep calling my name
twitter makes me feel old. well, twitter and the fact that I am old
thanks for the follow :)
Learning how to enjoy the #Journey is as important as working hard to get to the destination.
Enjoying your Tiki bar right now - perfect end to the week!
The Rockets gave up 51% shooting to GS in that 1st qtr.
Bout 2 get home earlier than usual.. #extra nap time bitches!! <U+270C>
Did that really just happen though?
and sets off the quilt nicely too...aesthetics in repose
i'll do warrior dash with you but that's only because i have a death wish...
Groupon accounting problems put spotlight on board - Chicago Tribune Groupon's rapid growth also made it difficult to keep tabs on intern
Unfortunately, kind of a limiting as the best tools we have to figure out the brain come from....well, the brain. :-)
ScanMan is a #free #app! With a launch special for the Pro Version for only $0.99!
holy moly, + were both so great tonight. you are in for a treat, world.
sorry that you're too good for chuck! sheesh (haha)
If only the world could hear some of the inspiring stories that pass through this office :)
Nothing compares the greatness unknown
William Shatner laughing all the way to the bank!
ah is getting to old for me 2 marry him!! lmfao #Dreaming xD
Were here to have fun. Literally, if you do nothing on life,you will regret it. Dont you want stories to tell your children?!
when u hav a moment that you think should have background music an you wait to see if it'll happen...
Stop asking!
just tweet what your thinking. Its just a changing status. Lol use hashtag to #tag stuff and to tag ppl. That's it :-)
I forgot how to navigate this shit yo..., lol
Hi Derek! I'm still running From the Floors Up. Let's chat!
congratulations on the move!
Not really, I try not to think of that side of it, I'm more on the medical side, morticians have to deal with families.
Ditto!! Bless up Jane and everyone!
If you haven't heard 's version of "You Da One" then you need to hear it. Major props to my boy for this one!!
All my #LADIES follow he
I'm not much of a wine connoisseur, but a good organic I've had lately is called 'Our Daily Red'. You can get it at Giant.
Jon Will’s gift
Yes, and the rest of us are full of envy. :)
Very nice!
Thank yo for following West Central Park Dentistry
Who watched The Walking Dead last night on AMC? Thoughts?
12yr old Alexandria Bain & her 8yr old sister were found and are safe! Grateful 4 the ppl who searched/sad about the news that await them
I know the feeling!
I was actually thinking the same about yours!!
not at all. 130am texts = no good
I'm not a brilliant web developer, Spotify. STOP RUBBING IT IN MY FACE.
I would like to invite you to an event. What's the best way to reach you?
one place I can see myself in the future=
seems legit. Haha
so disappointed by your attempt to derail #VAWA Shameful.
Uh YES! We just need someone to get us on base :) I'm sure we can find a nice gentleman to escort us!
I don't know that is jus when it starts :)
That fish is delish!
Time for some weightlifting and then going to pig out!!! Check the new tunes!
RT Grace? Grace... GRACE!!!
Hey I wanted to thank you beautiful ladies for the follow as it blew me away
I don't try to say the shxt you wanna hear, just the things that make sense.
I happen to be in NC right now. I may have to check that out.
I just watched a bit about one of the smallest countries how most of it's population is overweight and has diabetes. OMG! I'm scared!!!
Craving a javachipfrap <U+E106><U+E045> #happyhour at starbucks.
Trivia Tuesday! What was the first Arnold Schwarzenegger movie to win four Academy Awards?
We leave for #NBMBAA tomorrow! Looking forward to meeting everyone. Stop by the Dell booth to say hello.
May is national bike month! Get a heads start by joining us for on April 15 from 10am-3pm.
You have to watch now! :)
i was thinking red if it is a color... gold with the white lines might be a little much. honestly don't believe the color part
it doesnt have any flavor :( sadly i didnt get any dorito flavor outta of it
Now to the emergency room :'(
It wasn't until AFTER I drank a glass of OJ that I realized it expired over a week ago...should I be worried???
Why are the receivers so close together?
aiin't that about a bitch.
I Would Go Talk To Someone About My Anger, But It Would Only Upset Me....
she better answer the phone 2ma so she can get dis money
Understand how b-to-b social media connect to your audience
doh, I been neglecting our library twitter acct this week: luckily I got awesome colleagues who are on it! can't stop the signal...
Find me on scramble: vinnyhalfcut
Listening to #turntoyou in class
Florida (Reuters) - Florida begin testing welfare recipients for illicit drugs under new law signed by Governor Scott Tuesday
The Hunger Games comes out soon!!
Bout to go out
Don't be a Bridezilla! Bridesmaids deserve some pampering too. Call to book for Spa Week to show your appreciation.
Congrats about your son Charles. Very impressive. You must be so proud. It stinks that college costs so much these days.
lets go on a walk!
Celebrate 40 years since the Summer of '69 with $69.00 rate for a Fri/Sat/Sun (advance reservation and payment required) www.marriottclt.com
HEY how about that NEW twitter profile you got there? Looking good, German! ;)
Hope everyone has a good day.
#CanIBeHonestWithYou i think im in love with <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
PP no good live? Or other reasons?
Good Evening Mr Mabe how the heck are ya!
Katy Perry is my shit
Heading to Miami flordia. Today is a great day.
I'm confused about all these people talking about Mac Miller.... I thought you needed a buck id?
I am enjoying reading tweets about the #oscars so much more than watching the show. Media multitasking.
Aaron.do you think CJ wilson was way off when he said pitching was all academic for him with no emotion. it cant be
im not giving him any excuses. i'm just saying don't shit on him and nobody else
excited about yoga pants breakfast w/ ...
i try to keep it cool up in here :x
Nathan, thanks for the follow/s!
Loving NBA Sunday. Let's go Celtics! I'm in full support of
High achievement always takes place in the framework of high expectation. Charles Kettering
Those are being rolled out in phases. Next roll out is late spring. Eventually entire city will have trash/recycle carts
should i ??? lol i will be scraming and wanna skype?
Great couple of days of auditioning. Almost there...
I'm assuming is supposed to be funny.
Incredible! RT : Did you know that a wheat stalk contains 50X more #gluten today than 50yrs ago?
Jets getting outplayed/outcoached/out-Brady'd www.thesportsland.com
I think someone just did
This headache can go away any time now...
love how ya body feels..why must we do this..
I noticed and I appreciate it.
#IfWeWereTogetherRightNow life would be perfect.<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
shame soundtrack in starbucks
People who exercise have higher levels of the "good" cholesterol (HDL) and lower levels of the "bad" cholesterol (LDL).
Artisanal brooklyn flavors in Marisa Wu's saltwater taffy flavors (Bergamot, peppermint, vanilla, hisiscus, black cherry), so yum
Heading to for Happy Hour today! 3-7PM, come join!
Love following all the #NHPC12 updates - what did you learn?
Tip of the day: if you want to change the world then alls you got to do is make some world changes.
Nice, mine has cracks along the wristpad as well, very common with the plastic Macbooks
will the knicks get a playoff win tn?
Ok maybe im not kicking this days ass. I hate hospitals!!!
We're on early this morning. 7am start due to NBC sports later. Join us!
nope. None of my emails have been hacked lol
Between scenes so I'm about to pass out while the crew sets up:( z
Watching footloose.(:
Napalm Beach performs at Oregon Historical Society Sunday 2/19, show at 6:30, NB plays 7:30. All Ages PDX-POP benefit. $10 includes comp CD.
The mission of Teens Coaching Teens is to help the shape the future leaders of today into massively productive successors of tomorrow!
U r crazy! No way to stop dialysis
Hi :) thanks for following/grazie per i seguenti much love, you're very pretty!!
I'm just all atwitter
Wow, I'm really craving a tortilla pizza from , how about you?
Just lost a follower. Poor bitch missed out.
oh, do tell. Heard Billy Corgan was out on the town tonight as well.
yeah. What's upyall still playing
POLAND LOVES KIDRAUHL :) :)
Pretty Good :)
the pic on the left is big pimpin
What did you say? That you plan to EARN an A? Excellent! MT : s/o to my fav prof Dr. ; going to give me an A tomorrow!
Don't show those particular ad wizards the NCAA's "dumb jocks" ad. The world might very well implode.
Facebook special Today only 49 cent wings
Because you're thirsty, because its Thursday, drinks are on me. The return of Thirsty Thursdays: Mezcal edition ttp://tinyurl.com/33rbun5
have fruit with it.
great! focusing on both haha. about two more months and I'm done with my 16th film : D
"sexy and I know it"........more like your ugly and you show it.
I prefer pants. Skirts either constrict, catch on saddle, or billow.
Good thx! What's up with Soul Kisses? When can we expect some new episodes?
Thanks for the new ipad? Huh?
beautiful day in NYC!
We love doing freakin podcasts cause there's no darn censoring and we can say whatever the heck we want! Shoot yeah!
Why does this link to an article on ebook price fixing?
Hahaha! Best. Thing. Ever.
What is a man who is handsome, intelligent and sensible, known as?... A rumor! -
Finally the sun is shining... Welcome back summer! =)
Making Beautiful Maps tech workshop at #esriuc genuinely impressing me with ArcMap cartographic capabilities. Gotta start my course.
kay i can finally go to sleep, goodnight :p pssshh w.e you need me!! lol
4 month old baby dies after an injury that happened at day care. The facility is being investigated & autopsy is tomorrow:...
The Mil
Q1 for me it's individual departments and our small recruitment operation. Faculty/depts don't usually come on the road w is
Rooting for Eli Manning & the Giants this Superbowl. What say you?
That's showin' 'em! (Ditto to Romney-ites.) If we had more people like that, we'd have less people like that.
: It's release in college. I don't know of different rules for outside 3 line.
Lost in the ship by 13. Great run. The Rock next week.
Ending our crazy night at Denny's.
Great! Happy to be working a lot! How about you, SS? :)
Last meal I ate before I left ROC for ATL?... Dinosaur BBQ! YUM!
Thanks Jessica! Love your profile picture. Happy Friday :D
Nice work, Dante!
I'm bored.. I'm going to text everyone and see who answers....
hahaha have a fun year with that TA!
that would be me lol :) RT : I get so fuckin' frustrated when ppl draw retarded ass pics on
is such a babe
haha, that's my
Long car rides <<<
Im woke now.
Please have one of those for me! I still am on cloud 9, I think!
May 10 Big Food event w/
im just now leaving wolfchase lol
A phrase that sounds like nails on a chalkboard to me: "knowledge-based economy."
just saw Gilad Shalit, and Mofaz a few minutes earlier
#UseTittiesInAMovieTitle "Fast Times at Titties High"
26.2 sounds extremely intimidating right now
lol a few weeks ago I found a huge snake inside our house in the dining room under the dining table. Please don't kill anyone haha
We got ground beef. Happy Hour All Day!!!
greek mythology i think LOL. with all the gods and godesses & how they thought the world came to be at the time & ya ~
Im currently designing Inverse Intellect's NEW Mixtape Cover w/
In 100 euros he's been wanking off everytime I tweet ...
Orlando, here I come.
Psyched for tomorrow to watch lay a beatdown on Cornell.
Watching get her award!!! Congratulations!
would tar and feather then cover with honey and lay them on a giant ant hill then pepper spray them
Know a girl who needs a prom dress and/or makeup appt for free? Contact me...
The awkward moment when you favorite a tweet by mistake.
The WOD for March 9th is: 500m row for time rest 5min max rep kb swings, 53/35lbs rest "Run Squat" 4 rounds for time: 400m run 50 squats
well damn! Good to have ya.
Nothing in my life ever goes right. But this means a lot to a lot if people. Need this to go right
Hm, how are those #nuts!!!
Many Christian bloggers out there?
: Haha! Hey, some of us was still at work a few hours ago showing dedication to the Haul. Lol
Who's gonna be that follower that get the official account to #500 let's go.
Should I be scared? Homeland Security Department telephone system was hacked for $12000 worth of phone calls.
My God said, "I am shaping you in the furnace of affliction that I may set My seal upon you and display in you my own identity." FJ Roberts
Perfect St. Patty's Day: grey and drizzly with splashes of green
If he don't come home with that tv im gonna slap him lol
OK then but you know what I mean; haven't forgotten much about these dorm-like scenes :)
ha!! That made me laugh out loud. We all have those days!
Only reading material are ebooks and all you have to read it on is a first gen iphone
"Ted Nugent: Spirit of the Wild" record contributed by for the American Archive today!
Please do not play that game. Not even close to being fun or funny. In these times, really?
Not necessarily... Idiot.
#flash mob in Baltimore is coming soon! get ready to ride!
Preparing my written comments for the next HHS meeting on the allocation of ARRA funding to comparative effectiveness.
I mean, if it's raining, I'm still gonna play kickball, but, you know, our parents might not dig it as much.
Let's go #Heat!!
have you tried a kindle?
Actually, you're wrong. Phil Collins does not belong on a spin playlist. Never
Have a new flatscreen TV and watching in crystal clear HGTVness. Or something. And the bedroom toilet has a new valve.
Congrats you are the winner of the room & VIP table for tomorrow!
can I love with YOU is the question!
That is so UNFAIR ! Non-Autistic juries convict Autistics more often, too.
I'm thinking Red Lobster.
RT : Charles I is on Twitter for anyone interested in following a beheaded monarch
#Android market comment for the new game CandySwipe FREE: "This is a very nice and decent game...." by Danielle
Benadryl+cough medicine+singing in the morning = no bueno :) No matter what im leading worship mañana!
Happy Birthday Edge you amazing Rated R Superstar and know we miss you very much
cool. peace im out :) have fun
"SNO" Accessories Coming Soon, Also Check Out Our New "SNO" Shirt. www.SNOCLOTHING.com
Sure! Sounds interesting.
Teeth whitening strips = my bestfriends.
Ha!I didn't know there was a "secret" second entrance to #Grand Central Terminal on 47th and Madison Avenue through the J.P. Morgan building
Come hang out with the Vince Neil crew at feelgoods tonight for Rock the Ink Thursdays, beer, live bands, food, and us! c u soon!
Driving home in a hurricane. Look for my next tweet: Crashed in a storm. Don't tweet while driving.
NASCAR should interview Ambrose today :P I just wanna hear his accent xD
awesome!! what app are u using??
was just cutting a rug to the Commodore's Caught in the Act record she just bought me.
that is three words
Gift box cake out the door...pics coming. Hope you ladies have a fabulous time tonite celebrating Jessica!
and i know it to :P
Does anyone else lay in bed making mental movies of PERFECT scenarios in life?
studying lines and working on character for #filming on monday
hmm some people are cocky about how their ass is better than justins. no silly goose.
Dear bike commuter: I'm the d-bag that's secretly racing you.
I've always wondered what the Napster of the art world might look like but I don't think it's Yet.
Do not argue with an idiot. He will drag you down to his level and beat you with experience.
4.5/5 for Ben Lerner's Leaving the Atocha Station. Good read if you enjoy Spain, literature, international politics, languages, or travel.
Who decided that the 3 flavored decorative popcorn tin would only be a holiday thing? Because that person is history's greatest monster.
Yeah. He was busting my chops for coughing! Lol
When you looked at me in the eyes, and told me you loved me, I knew it was true and I'll never get enough of you. I Miss You!
Scheidel on Orbis: Prices determined from Diocletian's price edict. Variants in edict often a function of sailing time.
sure thing
Be on time!
Hell yeah, you did! So psyched to have you! FINALLY! And this will be the best first Ninja experience to have! YAY!
Thanks Kevin!
Whiskey Wednesday's with DJ Cyn Tonight at The MotherLoaded Tavern! Ryan tending bar...Hope 2 C U!would love the company!
Don't follow you dreams lead them, Dreams are never to big... The sky is the limit<U+2665>
im not tryna walk to school tomorrow.
It is hard not to like someone with great character and integrity!!!
I'm not in the dance I don't know. I say we go though :) me and you on a date
a 2007 cargignane - but OMG did I have a #VAwine Merlot this weekend you would die over. 2002 Reserve.
alt + left arrow FTW!
DAILY POKER TIP: Money usually flows to the left at a poker table. If possible sit to the immediate left of bad players.
Tiger about to unravel.
You talking about Mets branding overall at the stadium or just the Jackie Robinson exhibit itself?
Snow=bad drivers...someone rear ended me, Car Crash! Neck pain, numbness, hard to swallow, & sitting in the ER!
girls lie too much these days
cuz girls stay beefing
Im going!(:
You'll just have to take me out with that daily-paper S.I. Newhouse bankroll.
congrats on the publishing!
Game at 2 today, lost to Boston but beat new jersey
“: LOVE IT!!! Hope mine is awesome like yours!” It will be better I am geeking out:)
#CanIBeHonestWithYou Life would be better if u tried to do better.. Lazy MF'r
I'm pretty excited about it!
hmm, does that include our supergroup? is our music any good?
Just saw our fireplace tile in a $3mm place. Looks like we did well!
MANY BLESSINGS TO YOU KIM, GOD BLESS
RT w/# 5 conditions humans need: mutual relationship w/another, belonging, meaning, competence, elaboration-the art making part
Congrats lady warriors! State champs!
Where is ja rule !!
Just scored #Brewers tickets to Game 3!
I Def gotta take me a nap before I step out tonight
Happy Mommy Day!xoxox
has raised $4.3 million in Series A funding to bring fresh local produce to a store near you
"I would appear that I'm just drifting...here in the pool."
and you don't follow ?
when r they going to gi tvd gosh the ending was hot delana is going on they kissed omg thats alwsome :)
Coupons wire sculpture
Never allow yourself to be defined by someone else’s opinion of you.
Losing weight would be so much easier if you didn't need food to umm survive.
uggh, Redskins off to a poor start
Happy mothers day to the bestest mom in the whole world. I dont think anyone else would put up with <3
#FavoriteLyricOfAllTime "To the windows to the wall to the wall"
I don't know...I'm still kinda in denial about my coffee addiction
"Are you quiet? Quieten your body. Quieten your mind."
Boom One Records newest release by Hope Massive-"Itani" is now available on all online stores. Positivity
+ thx to everyone who signed our IG petition! Hoping to get a list of everyone to send a more personal email (didn't know had to make copy)
I'm actually going to be testing for Madison's police department as well. Would be a nice change.
#SadPanda wants her lover! :(
Thanks for the RT, Mike! :)
Cap Hill is part of the Plan. First we have to get NK making money, though.
2347384 seconds until the end of the school year.
If they think stopping alcohol sales after 6 will stop #ProjectLex, they're crazy.
Stephen Malone, NYC carriage industry: “The horses that are spirited are not for us.” translation: we buy the broken-down Amish work horses
seems like she was religion using it to lessen the blow. Gross.
looking forward to hearing "Why Students Hate Word Problems"
got done layin more tracks down today!!!!
Today:Tuesday, March 20th High of 63 and partly cloudy. Should be a great day. Oh and it's Spike Lee's birthday in case you were wondering.
When Kelly Clarkson is singing. You shut up.
Got tattoos and know somebody
anyone want to text?
He was probably thrown a "curve" ball by not hearing from you. :)
I LOVE YOU GUYS..
Life of a teenage girl trying to live up to her dreams !!!
Ben I got the next hit for u songwritermusicofdash on the work flow chitown stand up!
I really wanna see the ICONic Boyz in Phoenix in the summer.....I think New York would be better though....decisions decisions...
what's that?
My shirt look extra smedium today lol : RT I'm walking round thinking I'm cute wit bleach stains all on my Ctfu
you need to be online SOMETIME. It's lonely. :(
Browns needed a qb, rb, rt & wr. They got all four in the 1st four rounds.
its not even 2pm and its a weekday.
LAUNCH PARTY of #LuxSundays in DC April 1st. Every1s Free All NIte--> Text LuxSundays to 74455 for pass and address.
working doubles is not that bad.
Question for Diana Wynne Jones fans: how do you pronounce Dalemark? Like Telemark? Or like Chippendale?
thanks for following!! Have an amazing 2012!!
Guess its time to get back in shape
Don't ever let anyone tell you that you can't do something. Always strive for your goals and you will never be disappointed in yourself.
4.) you don't ever war to see my bad side
i am locking myself in my room until its time for my chem and bio midterms on friday
Hersha Hospitality to Acquire the Bulfinch Hotel
Yes wiltgen i will be coming back soon
RT Three marriages only weigh as much as one on the moon.
Looking for a spot on Walnut.
omr y do i have to be 3 years older than and still younger thand danget life suckz lolz :) love u jawan and niqo
Anxiety, anxiety, anxiety MT : unless archivists develop the skills to manage data, other people will step in
They don't sound like the right people for the job. :-(
We're not sure we understand your question. Please email us at so we can help you out!
Floyd is not fighting a smar fight at all, that was Cotto's round, Floyd 77-75
...only to please certain buyers, rather than trust the intrinsic wealth of his/her own esoteric imagination.
April can't come soon enough! Thanks again for using ShowClix Sam. Have a wonderful time :)
i follow back so i would follow me cuz i chech it everytime i get on !:)lol
Finally got to charge my phone. Finna hit sound check Hi AF wit & My Bro Bozay Da Boss!!! We got chu
": There are so many reasons why I love ">>But I love MORE
come one now, a 3.2 at WSU isn't that impressive. Now the kid who got a 3.7 at Stanford, that's worthy of the recognition.
It's May.. why are you girls wearing Uggs for?!
UB40 Non Blondes
Football fans: Prepare to hear the phrase "Manning to Marshall" more than 100 x's next year, 15 of which will be of the TD variety
i tweeted yuu back
Huh, wait I forgot what paintin means?
hey betty
Call 2 HQs 2day: "Saw his ad. Y aren't other #CA52 candidates talkin' jobs? Don't they care?" Good? SP gets it/gets it done!
Any doubt that Collen Warner has been an upgrade over Patrice Bernier for ? Warner's a new player in MTL.
My daughter was in a car accident. She's ok but next time, I'd prefer to find out she'd stubbed her toe.
Cinco de mayo party. Hell yeah.
JUST CAUSE U GOT A MIXTAPE WITH 20 SONG ON IT DONT MEAN SHIT IF AT LEAST 8 SHOULD BE A HIT
No were back in the Ville RT : yall in da a
Home at last!! Today has been one of those days that EVERYTHING goes wrong. Bad haircut, lost license, broken AC, and hiccups.
girl, can U find a better reason to pig out on #DoubleStuffedOreos?:) lol
If you happy I'm happy Even if you hate me gone head and dap me its koo ill pray for yo ass later
negro Clarence Page on PBS calls Obama professorial...ie boring and too smart
doesn't really like dick...
this is why I sell you out.
Well... definitely thought that my friends were going on this field trip too.... but I guess not.
A sliced bread maker was in fact introduced to the market in 1928 by an Iowa man named Otto Frederick Rohwedder.
" a sense of ease... a sense of ease..."
Hey word is Aaron Rodgers is on the Maryvale field in full Brewers' gear. Can't wait to see those pics.
sorry sorry ... Still at 10. After getting lead, didn't throw a Fastball last inning, induced three ground balls
did you find an apartment downtown?
Hard to explain, but really well done in story, characters, art style, action sequences. And I'm really picky about movies.
Have I sent you a link to my "The Right Side of History" project? I'm trying to spread the word.
Thanks, guys!
I've gotta say, I was pretty disappointed by the website www.WeDoCows.com
I'm just trying to make it through these last couple weeks of school
only the best;)
A customer service rep just said "Have a nice summer"....does that mean it's almost here? I hope so.
I think that's called girls day out. So you won't be forced to go shopping with the gf. At citadel?
Just woke up.....to nothing. No one. Lol clearly
why are things which are initially kind of uninteresting inevitably the most interesting & why are initially interesting things regrettable
I have Deerhunter stuck in my head right now. Haven't even listened to them in months.
how can u not be in for this concert?
Bye Bye Chicago, its road trip time..
are you working on a new album?
Jimmy Eat World <3
haha i am here!
Everyday my friend Bill and I discuss who is being more stupid. The church or my large corporation. Today. Corporation wins hands down.
"view source" on GuideStar to see the works. If you want a custom integration, discuss a partnership with !
teach that mother a lesson
We're almost there. we've completed our iPhone app and it is now in hands Apple 4 review. Can u help us test the app -
Cru De Gra event rescheduled to begin June 16.
Fun improv for cell phone audition this morning for friend! Went to say hi afterwards to Danielle Eskinazi on same flr, just missed ya!
Football players live to be 58 years old compared to the average American which is 78. What do you think about their salaries now?
when a #NOBODY tries dissing ...the fuck you thinking?
They said you're nobody untill someone kills you. Thats what B.I.G. said so I do too
but they have new music out now=)
I knew it would be her. It's the curse of being the only contestant I actually like. Oh well.
are you in Lexington??
I need to get a pair of gloves. These wired are breaking to fast :/
I know my sis is a handfull, but I know she is in good hands with u. She will get better with time. Tell her I love her.
goal on the power play Mickal Repik at 18:06 of the second period.
Handicapping tip: CD Race 4-Derby Kitten may be most likely to win, but want to include Southern Anthem for value.
Skinny Love is good, I'll check out Helocene.
nah. You'll have a solid five months with her before the Mayan apocalypse. *That* will constitute the "life end" moment.
Shout out too my boo I LOVE ALYSSA JACKSON and I here if you need me honey but pray about it yo dude will come aroun'
We wanted to wish all of the wonderful dads out there a VERY happy Father's Day! Hope you have a great weekend.
“: Bout to do a "Black Radio"remix ep yall! What producers shld I wk with?”| U NEED n ON THAT PROJECT
Have fun, always!
I'm working on 3 hours of sleep and I'm not the least bit tired!
Like a pin through a voodoo doll, it was a shot to the chest. I gave it my all and threw out the rest.
"you see this scar here on my chest, I'm hurting & he don't even care"
No, because we don't own it. It's awesome though. And it's available at the Montlake branch of Seattle Library.
Ryan Seacrest is seriously pissed after Sasha Baron Cohen just dumped ashy something or other on him!
Hey pal, hope your weather down there was as good as ours today<U+2600> (cont…
"Some voices got treble, some voices got bass, we got the kinda voices that are IN YOUR FACE!..." Beastie Boys
Back in Chicago for a few days, playing with the Loyola jazz ensemble at OPRF later today. Used to roam those halls...
Hey , the #dfwsem is talking local search citations with & :: having a great time
#WhenGuys Stay Up All Night To Talk To You <3
An arm full of books!
I will give you a taco if you follow me. (:
Moving from industrialization to globalization, what R NEW goals for parents to help their children succeed?
hahaha okay! Love you to!
All u can eat! Not!
Wow you hit the entertainment 'bifecta" - ultimate Hollywood locale w. an ultimate NYC film!! Nice.
Amazing aloe vera based products, amazing biz opportunity all over the world! Join here for free: http;//www.garys.myflpbiz.cop
Dear Mr. Spider, Unless you pay the rent, You cannot live in my house. Sorry <U+2665>
this year's #ZBIENNIAL theme: Seeking Silicon Valley (identity of a non-entity)
Thanks for sharing adorable photos of Sephie! What a beauty!
bobcats set the record.....#yolo?
ur quotes describe my life! thanks its good to know u exist!
Wah u mean direct message how u do that I'm just gonna call u
DUMP HIM.
How can you be a King if you've never won the crown?
Merry Christmas to everyone!!!
i don't know do u miss me
always an incredible delight to hear play.
yeah, he told me that they want him to have a white girl instead of a black girl since hes white. :'(
I hate band class
Thanks Stephie! I was just thinkin about you, actually :) How the heck are ya?
Consider each tweet henceforth a request for support of our mission!
Gala Contemplating the Mediterranean Sea Which at Eighteen Metres Becomes the Portrait of Abraham Lincoln (Homage to Rothko)
There's only one way to settle this: I'll attempt to smuggle in a catfish #inthepants tonight at Staples and will report back
Before you get out of bed give thanks for 5 things in your life. Set the vibration for the day
awesome! You can never have too much Badgers stuff! Thanks for your order!
The #OurTime slogan might be the best marketing job ever. They made us actually believe that these guys were good.
Resisted the siren call of free conference schwag. Did not resist the call of Thai food delivery.
. I get screwed out of trophies left and right by favstar. They owe my several thousand by now I should think.
thanks! It totally made my day. Coming to visit anytime soon?
HA! Queen is awesome.
I know you seek to avoid your fated martyrdom but know this: time is a force and it will surely take its course.
Awe! Thank you! I've never made one before so I wasn't sure how it was going to turn out ;)
Unexpected B-School Bonus #109: Undergraduates.
I ont wanna sound demanding bbbbuuuuttttt, I wanna see atleast 5 more followers when I wake up tomorrow morning!!! #LoveyouJlaw&Followers <3
Friends, I need a new book to read. Recommendations?
I talked to him once in the past two years I think. Hbu?
I think it's a beef sausage, but I'm not sure. We do pork sausage, but could probably create some for him.
Yet another announcement that Facebook will "grow independently" an acquired company. Let's check back in 6 months on Instagram
hey who u got in that rios vs gamboa fight that's gonna be fireworks I'm riddin wit rios!
say what you want. Not what they want.
Heading down to the Fox to see Kid Rock and the DSO. Should be interesting.
Profit margins on soft drinks are 90%. Profits on fresh vegetables? 10%. Via
Copyright again. I think I need to go to law school.
I have no idea why walking by a rotund guy smoking a pipe in front of my office building put a goofy grin across my face, but it did.
I hate going to bed mad
Seriously. Best actress in a freaking Broadway musical. Insanity.
I know, right? Where's that jetpack I was promised?
interesting. Thanks.
ohh just like everything we've learned so far /: .. so how was my mikey today?! adorable as usual?? <3
Same company, organization changes.
Has a problem with releasing too much music before the actual project comes out... That is all
You hipster, I can't keep up with you!
lol how?! U always fall for it anyways. And I love you too <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Michael, just finished your book on Book Yourself Solid. Excellent Book! Where would you like me to write a review? Amazon?
at home watching billboard yeah
well awe that sucks :( , thx for telling me what it meant tho lol
Goodluck on your quest to becoming the #Healthieststate. We should chat about possible state vs. state comps.
Thanks so much for the RT and hope the PBL resources helped you out!
My last CMS JROTC awards ceremony!
Thx! RT : #FF Museum of the African Diaspora's young professionals organization.
Tomorrow is PRETTY AMY's official release date for both print and digital- please be prepared for many arm-flailing tweets!
miss you all the time biscuit!
i wish my clothes would take themselves out and put themselves in my suitcase
why thank you!:) lol
Just gettin my daily dose of "yella Hulk" news!
Read a book tonight
yes! I will totally back you up. I haven't started yet...
Tony Miyar for Mayor of Miami Dade County. Time for a Reset
is one of the best looking men ever, he's mad sexy. on the top along with mr. timberlake. Just noticed now.
Remember, your make up is not water proof. Stop fucking crying.
Have slacked off but I'm back. Gym time.
8 million Americans sleepwalk according to a new study finds. I might be sleepwalking and tweeting right now.
Stekys Media Help Calm Client Fears Amidst Google Penguin Update - San Francisco Chronicle (press release)
would you mind to follow me back and make me happy? :)
Hey, sorry it took me forever to get back. I don't know!!! honestly I don't think it was me! RT : what was the brewers...
Walk with those seeking truth, RUN FROM THOSE WHO THINK THEY<U+0092>VE FOUND IT.
Talking trash about facebook *right now*.
The only thing Draw Something reminds me of is that I am a horrible drawer!
To be is to do (Socrates)To do is to be (Plato)To be or not to be(Shakespeare)
Stepped out of my fashion comfort zone today - top knot hair-do and pink lipstick. I blame pinterest for crazy inspiration. Loving it :-)
It's gonna be FUUUUUNNNN...... :D
This weekend: The SCoop goes behind the seams of LA's Concept Fashion Week! :)
Rock & Roll Spelling Buzz | Drink to play, spell to win | TONIGHT | FREE | 7PM - 9PM | BAR TAB PRIZES TO BE WON |
Be there on 10 min
Hospitals are beautiful and exciting. Being at them always makes me wish I'd pursued surgery - liike my parents wanted.
Air pollution here I come!
anything by mayday parade makes me want to cry. oh speak of the devil "when you see my friends" just came on. -_-
Oh No!!! Apple just announced that Steve Jobs has resigned as CEO effective immediately...I hope it's not due to his health
I know, right? FB is trying to catch up at a time when most are social media fatigued!
Pachanga Fest celebrates Latin music's richness and diversity by bringing in ... - CultureMap Austin
awe! you're welcome greg! let me know when you need a partner to speak in the big aussie! would love to visit!
You say he's just a friend but girl let's not pretend, either he is or he ain't ya man...
oh my baileys is peppermint!!
Incredible life and career. RT : CBS is now broadcasting a Mike Wallace obituary.
My God is Awesome!
Kinda awesome, but by Akatosh, I've already played over 400 hours of this game. Must. Resist. #Kinect voice commands added to
Did you get my Facebook msg? Hope you can come!!! xoxo
You got this fo sho! #perfectscore Can you sell me some points?
Omega men rolling in Eden lounge
no she wasn't taking a dump.
I don't think I've ever seen a game with worse three point shooting
thanks Matt. All the best
Survived two writing workshops today. Stories work-shopped today involved bongs, workplace vomit, racetracks, & being stranded.
If you live in DC and say you want to protest #trayvonmartin case but dont want 2 do it at the White House, you aint ready for revolution.
Guard well your spare moments. They are like uncut diamonds. Discard them and their val ~ Ralph Waldo Emerson
My Sister Is Taking Pics Of The Christmas Tree #Weirdo(:
trying to be more professional...changing my username...just in case I get famous :)
I'm officially a quarter hoarder. Ah, downtown living!
“: Bigger than these small bitches.”
Very nice. RT : New #Illustrator #CS6 feature: Gradients on Strokes. Apply along length, across width, or within the stroke...
I feel like I could conquer the world right after I get out of the shower.
This Saturday (11/7/09), tour the King Tut Exhibit at 5:30pm, and stayed tuned to learn about the San Francisco Cable Cars at 6:00pm.
Not to mention the fact that I'm working from home tomorrow so that and I can go apply for a marriage license in the morning.
cannot believe that hand pass.
One of the best things you can do is go to a Dr. when you are healthy.
did you know Community and shared living PREVENTS MILLIONS from #homelessness? STOP BAN on shared living! thank you!
Happy birthday
only if they're a Bradford bad boi, Boo Bear, HAZZA, Daddy Direction, or leprechaun ;)
just waking up & i still feel groggy. holy cow. i need some energy asap.
Thank U all very much for the follow! :-)
I like Playing guitar with him in this Saturday !!!! Yahhhyeah awww so exited
Ironworks at the Triangle is located to catch the hum of city life. Forget about suburbs. Forget about the commute. Forget about boredom.
Thanks for sharing this point--I'm finding this out now that I've started my first real archivist job out of lib. school!
can dance! Love this song he's performing on
I do! We both work in the Institute of Texan Cultures -- she's across the floor from me. How do you know her?
Yay for 2nd graders! MT : Man, my kids hit the jackpot w/ Can't wait to see their faces when I share Air Mail!
Feel shit feel shit cooler then the coolest bitch ion feel shit
The lab I work with does have them =)
#WorstChatUpLines "If you were a transformer, you'd be optimus fine."
RT : Q3. Whats are easy tricks for a day to night look?
Pork is not something that can help you to lose weight. So the less pork you eat the better chances you have of losing weight.
Whatever I ain't playin, I got a lot of things goin right now
stuck at the car place for another hour or so. blehh i'm hungry.
Smh.. If its that
Rickey shares "What I Love About America " with many fans in Orlando Florida pre 9 11 for the veterans and wounded Veterans redtailrec
character art > environment art. When struck by the world's most beautiful landscape, I'd still turn to look at a woman in tight pants.
i hate being sick ...
#Williamsburg #hipsters I'm not cool enough
For reals. I thought it was going to be Tony or Jermaine.
what do you want to do ;p
has a penis and vagina
Those lifesavers gummies I just ate tho #yum lol
what up dude.. dont you have work to do.. lol
i miss you so much :(
Omg Whitney
Today the Women's Advocacy Project joins CSS & the Correctional Assoc. in Albany for the Reentry Rountable Advocacy Day.
Love the Bohemian Rhapsody guy, but that video's gonna seem a lot less funny when they play it in court. "Memeing" is not a legal defense.
Yumm that looks so amazingly delicious!!((: IloveYou Chachi!! :D <--One of the best dancers right here(;
Entrepreneurship is a do-or-die decision. Either you do it or you don't!
Awh Are You Okay ? What Happened ?
how date u not save me a piece lol
About to listen to Football Weekly Extra. I've read good things about fellow owner 's tetchiness in this weeks pod.
Thanks for the RT!
lmao RT Fuck u in the car and kick u out
I'm having an "I wunna punch my mom in the face" moment. Really bad.
felt that yesterday in MI. RT Based on the heat index in Atlanta, I fear the apocalypse is upon us.
thank you for bringing us so many quality fights.
This girl got on a silver and black leopard one piece with fat hanging out from the back of her arm!
Believe it or not the weather is perfect today in beautiful Colorado....I almost want it to rain.
I agree #The Game have not been the same since the first season.
If women were ordered to pay child and spousal support in the same proportion as men, matrimonial law would be completely different
My eyes are starting to hurt . ):.
I won't put my images up for sale at those places either; it's like stealing...
Playing both sides, shit that I dont like.
Laughing so hard I'm literally crying. Mascara is a mess. Abs hurt. Not a bad way to start a Monday!
Great day today!!
#StopTrippin RT : #Rondo steals the ball then loses the game.
they don't verify anymore. I'm too late. haha as long as I know I'm me I guess we're ok right?
Oh, good! So glad to help!
hay baby hay baby, hey.
I constantly have my tweetdeck scrolled down to the bottom...making all of my @ replies very confusing to people.
I've got a mean little cold. Tempted to bring all the office work home so I can sniffle and cough in my own nest!
cll man! waitin on u man
yeah I dormed this year but I'm from LA :)
Meeting w/ and tonight to discuss translating some scenes to film. The #hff11 hit lives on!
Show us something new.
CBS Blue Bloods & ABC Pilot CDs Thursday April 21st- seats available! Sign up this week and save 15%. Call for discount. 212.594.9616
RT : you are cray cray lol<Besides being a Vandal...what's been up with you?
Can you at least claim affiliation with the TED talks in the same way I claim affiliation with Ross Dress For Less?
Thx Keith! Happy #FF! RT : #ff Give us this day our daily breather
Have a great
Nice to see Deborah Homsher, Managing Editor of Publications, whose journal Indonesia joins this year
I noticed that too. I'm sure they're just waiting for the news to be absolutely confirmed to avoid having egg on their face.
The first day of spring is one thing. the first spring day is another.
thank you for sharing the memorable story! We are the conductor of our life, we decided what role we should be playing huh?
LOL! "Post on my behalf!" No, thanks! I can can type (badly), but take your control of my FB and SHOVE IT!
nice. i'll come back and probably work on rng and mnk next.
Yeah that sucked, it was so hectic the whole time!
Do it only with the best.
I HOPE YOUR FIRE BURNS BABBYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY
In the world today, a young lady who does not have a college education just is not educated
We just reached 250 likes on facebook!!! Thanks, everyone. Keep spreading the word.
ohmygosh, shut up.
So great to meet you today! Glad you were able to attend the talk today on all things #organization #kids organizing!
I don't remember lol
Finally have a phone once more. Now to quickly display a rom and a brand-new recovery and i'm back on track.
Overlock sewing machine, with all its family jewels on display! Normally all the doodads are covered, she's being fixed.
Knowing who your customer is takes some thought
off to see a William Morris exhibit along with some other fascinating Avant Garde stuff. A great Sunday afternoon it is indeed.
“: Ferrari” ima have to go check that out
Irish weather just for St. Patty's day. How very LA. Someone can call wrap for the rain. No really...
In flight, and wondering if I look homely because this passenger next to me just asked me if I wanted something to eat and they'll pay 4 it
I need, like, help. Or comfort. Comfort would be nice. Really, really nice.
why do i ALWAYS look at the clock at 1:43 and 9:11????? #CRAZY!
RT : RT : Al Johnson from the famous "goats on the roof" Swedish restaurant in Door County passed away. RIP.
thank you very much. Come thru again
A little ease will go a long way;)
Watching Game of Thrones with Viggle 5/13 | 6PM | HBO Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Tweet me If your on! :) I'm bored
YES! LET'S FUCKING GO ! THE CULT OF PERSONALITY!
Live music 2nite LeeMacDougall - 2morrow Band - Sat. Beatles-Metallica mash-up w/ Come
you leave the As alone...
thats ok but thats good you getting stuff moving i like to see that
White girls
Dont you hate when the same nigga every year say the same shit and be in the same place
gotta do this other dumbass english hw
Ah I think Amazon is still cheaper- ill have to check when I get home- thanks!
Thanks Matt!!
I am very proud of my ability to not spam all of you with tweets about how amazing the Galaxy Nexus is. You're welcome.
Once again, comes through for us by hosting a table at SHINE! Looking forward to seeing you at the event!
Haz mat teams determine suspicious substance found at Marquam Plaza Thursday afternoon not hazardous. Operations returning to normal
I like when a dude tells me we ain't gotta mess around, we can just chill......and really mean it <3
Same here, we're still in #Coachella withdrawal (mainly from not going), so we need something to turn our staches upside down.
Hungry? Call Jimmy John's! Sub so fast you'll freak!!
Marvin Winanns said the Bible is the owners manuel
lol... Great minds think alike.
#ifyouknowmeyouknow I check email, texts, facebook and twitter literally 200 times a day. I'm a little OCD like that.
Today from 5-8 and tomorrow from 12-2, and then same thing next weekend! See you there?
what's the haps on this fine evening?
Down in the GI Lab alone..creepy..bet there are some angry spirits seekin revenge for gettin a camera put in their tooter..I'm out
Fun birthday dinner with the fambam! Party shall continue on this weekend or the next!
#Princeton #NJ STAPLES Store = #rottentomato due2 poor customer service / guidance rude store manager
I miss my '97 Chevy Blazer.
and back to you!
#LessAmbitiousNovels Lord of the Gnats.
KCJA encourages posts on our facebook page, would love to get some feedback and collaboration going
That's the name of a spanish telenovela.
I've only had one administrator who regularly visited my classroom.
#FirstEdition wonders how 2 knight an #elephant? The #RoyalRosarian Prime minister will tell all, next -- are peanuts involved?
I have seen it a little bit. I volunteer to teach college classes at the WSR in Monroe.
SUCcess without GOD SUCks! I Am Nothing without God and I won't let nothing change my mind! #FollowMeAsIFollowChrist!
Bring balance back to you community. Sport a Mental Notes tee today (Promoting Positivity Through Poetry).
Access to detention centers? Just like in Ameri... oh, wait a minute. Wrong country.
Madison Square Eats is back! Featuring and plenty more!
is not the Broski of the week? #AREYOUSERIOUSBRO!
We can't forget to say #HappyBirthday to ! Here's to 6 years of greatness. We're looking forward to the evolution of #140characters!
no, it wasn't, sorry
Gotta give #Bengals credit 4 1 thing...20 yrs of consistent football. Won't be fan again until the Browns sell the team.
Just because I give a fuck.
By which I mean, I won't work on it at all.
Most factoring contracts for accounts receivable are for one year or less.
Great learning seminar this morning with - nice to see the next gen of leaders.
when u get strapped
I think I'm finally going to unpack my clothes
so true pastor
Love you too Gabster! :)
rockin in the free world
I'll take the 64 version over that lemon swill anyday!
Let me go!! I wanna go.!
Just say no to automatic DMs.
SO many pretzels. Oof.
Internet Show Topic:Tues. 3-1-11: 5 Reasons Black Women Can’t Save Money, go to www.Drrosie.com from 10to-11AM PCT
At Little Woodrow's. Musician is doing beatbox version of Ginuwine's "Pony." Somehow it works.
We had some ALL company replies a while back, with 20ish reply alls back! Drove the smartphone email folks nuts!!
Just for assisting an officer, I let 2 cops into my building...hoping they don't knock on my door!
Mike Lookingland is in as the 6th attacker for the Blast. 7:45 left to play.
Giving info, tips and advise to visitors to Hawaii on the www.sharinghawaii.com travel guide website. Have a question about HI? Stop by...
The London Adventures: Part I | Batgirl and Green Lantern
RT : Julie Bowen looks like Grace Kelly I love her dress!
Love seeing Cuba Gooding Jr. as a featured extra in "coming to america" he came a long way! The dream is real. NEVER GIVE UP
Snooki's going to have a new kind of bump to show off. Bumpits may have a market for a whole new product line.
yeah, you know your special now ;)
My grandma is here from Mexico, cnt wait to see her! <U+E306><U+E106>
Well that makes my day - thanks!
Praying for
Agree! Love u to share ur good cop stories on 's Facebook fanpage for a project. Let's DM.
are you staying in southbeach
thank you for yesterday! You did a fantastic job!!
Loving you (:
is your fashion story published?!
Pretty pumped to work the #nfldraft at #radiocitymusichall tonight and all this week!
DJ Jazzy Jeff and The Fresh Prince - Summertime
You've got a smile that lights up even the darkest of places.
Saw a shirt! Made me smile!
we were very happy to host! Looking forward to the next event.
Cuz, why are your tweets blocked!!! I have to copy and paste this!!! LOL
Gmorning Twitter got Classes for twelve ill hit u up later...<3
T4: Nursing informatics is growing, esp with all the data apps produce, and CNIOs are also growing in
miss you too! I'd love to see u and
yeah, i have a question. could i play defense for arsenal?
Recently got a copy of Lady Audley's Secret; have you read that one?
Busy week for photography =)
its blasphemy to the fullest extent
what version of debian did u get going ?
Yeah, that's the funny part. His changes weren't 'radical', but for largely illiterate pop changing the ritual meant everything.
At the tailgate getting ready to start a hacky circle
“: As pointed out, Bynum/Kobe/Gasol have 67 of LAL's 81 pts” So what you're saying is just gotta stop those 3? ;)
wow, 44 teams didn't finish. I wonder how many of them started and dropped vs DNS.
it sucks
#testingtwog every visit
RT : RT “: Dayton to Minnesotans: "Call your legislators and say "quit fooling around. Vote". #Vikings”
Just ran into in the #LATFOB. She's got great arms. (And her new book is fantastic...)
Since when do we have so many mosquito's at Greenlake?
Thanks to and for covering today's #AIDSWalk12! We appreciate your support!
holy shit..the thought of a healthy greg oden on the heatles is downright scary
funny you should mention, video was next on our list. We will be sure to get in touch once we start putting it together!
#ff <-- she has a hotrod and she knows how to use it
interesting...“: For every 100 FB fans, no more than 16 will see your post (unless you're paying for placement).
you're so loquaciously verbose :-)
Performing for the first time in years tonight. Can't wait.
Hey hey!! Working my butt off today. Closing this morning. 2 appointments this afternoon. Now emails.
I can sleep peacefully now that I've spoken to my family in Pakistan. I miss them all so much!!! :'( xx
Can't wait until tomorrow
Hell ya!1
I bet gorilla pussy is fucking bananas
The day you get waxed?(; jk jk.
I love a good thunderstorm. Makes me miss NOLA
Valley Leadership Interviews today for Class 34
Levinson: 2002 districts are still in place and should be applied to in regard to signatures.
awe sweet!! Night<3
the talker smh
i miss you :)
If you go to a photography exhibit about pop culture you have to sift through 40-50 Beatles or Rolling Stones pictures.
happy Wednesday!!! Did anyone see how the mansion that Chelsea Clinton got married in raised it's asking price just because of the wedding?
Thanks KUNV 91.5 for playing my recording of Green Dolphin Street today! Aloha Nevada!
Thanks ! see you friday at TeeRex!
Following #NFL Roger Goodell's travel itinerary. LA earlier this week, now Minneapolis. I'm thinking there's a connection there. #vikings"
WB I-90 cross of Sigglekow Rd. near Dejope - four car wreck - NB lane mainly affected
I love ABDC, but it makes me miss the Boyz. Maybe you guys can come back and win it all. Next season? ;) I love 8 Flavahz. Super cute!
Xoxo ;) RT : that is a good solution but you should check out what my friends over at are doing
AWESOME SHOWS IN MAY! HERE'S WHOSE COMING DOWNTOWN! Bret Ernst, Tim Harmston, James Ervin Berry, Mike Speenberg, & Rob Little! Don't miss it
“Are you doing your homework?” “uhh... yeah mom.” *closes twitter, opens up google...*
The song is shaping up ok, but it needs a kick but chorus
"If you don't love your job, eventually you will hate your work. Oh, and your boss will notice the difference!" —Delano Johnson T&B
#president #barack #obama on the #view today what a great show to be honest and talk about the issues to us #Americans to make a choice
NO SHE DOESN'T!!! YOU CAN'T HANDLE THE TRUTH!!!
Someone's getting hitched today... I wonder who!
Maybe I should stop jumping
what happened
hell yeah thanks G!
andrew jackson jihad!!! was good
Nap .. I needa catch up on my sleep<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
Review our Great $2 Corona, Corona Lite and Miller Lite 5- close.
haha I cant help it <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081> I miss ur face already! #bffstatus <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00AF>
To be specific, we did not have class on Thursday. Sent an email to both your email accounts
HAPPY BIRTHDAY
SPRING AWAKENING TONIGHT!!!
today went great! lol except for getting caught and hurt while fighting Jason *_*
Giveaway! 2 TIX for lower level for #MLSCup09 retweet with tag #Iwantmlscuptix & add to enter... winner announced today at 3 pm
Nothing wrong with that. Oh and, happy mother's day Shelly!
Hey, we do what we can. :D
I'm so proud of 's public safety. Always working to keep campus and the surrounding area safe.
oh we are !
you're finally doing it!! So exciting. I will live my colored hair dreams vicariously through you!
aw! Happy birthday :)
RE: DonnieWahlberg: Until that time... LET LOVE LEAD YOU! LET LOVE TEACH YOU! LET LOVE DRIVE YOU! And
when people say you ain't pretty you beautiful in my eyes #
no. But I will look them up. Thanx!
U fuckin mustard greens smellin muthafucka...y u pressuring me?!!!
I'll tell you the same thing i tell my other friends..THEM HOESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS MAD CAUSE YOU GOT you a redbone!
FOLLOW BACK
excited to go to #mariachiplaza and #bookstore extraordinaire today!
the longest i went before without getting paid is two weeks,that is not a record i want broken.
Happy Birthday and Its My Birthday Today too!!
ok I'm mad this bitch can't see this nigga fat
No problem, ! Just showin' our North Carolina pride :)
"This is a pity pound" ... "its not a pity pound, man, shit happens"
Thank you! Fingers crossed for the both of us! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Right on & will do. Let us know if we can help too.
i should probably charge my phone now
i even found an iphone charger. tf? i dont even have an iphone. lol anyone need an extra iphone charger? haha
completely sober...for at least a couple more hours.
they said if it aint bout money then it dont matter, but i was raised on that money respect and power
- you are a lucky guy - congratulations to both of you.
change your password, dude. You've been hacked.
please answer my last tweet!!! Please??????? <3 u
is building a new web site
oh, but its the good par† of junior high.
city flow~
Kimi Raikkonen Cat has been begging to go outside since 0630! He and Flo r out now. Run mice n birds!
Ray of Smash Bros rinsin it dark and heavy, like ya 1st bowel movement after Thanksgiving!!
Love the Ronnie Hillman pick
Your munchkin has achieved his/her intention completely (get between daddy and work) - can you say the same thing, at yr age? ;-)
That moment where a mistake you made in the past is on record forever permanently but you still wish you could go back and change it.
Been 30 days today since a drop of alcohol's passed these lips. Is it the end of Party Aminal Megan? Should we have an Irish Wake about it?
random but did you go or call any best buy store yesterday?
": #Aries mood for sex varies from one minute to the next. Sometimes it's kinky, sometimes romantic."
The education of the wealthy has always enabled them to be leaders & critical thinkers…21st century skills if you will.
FCC Commissioner Michael Copps submitted his letter of resignation, effective January 1st, to President Obama yesterday.
Yes was delish!!RT : WaffleDog? Is that a hot wrapped in a waffle? Here that ?
RT : RT : As #topblogueras it is our duty to communicate, educate, share resources with the #Latino community
Have a great weekend #NYC!
Classic Deena. RT : Watching #waterforelephants on HBO. Such a great movie! And I love Rosie the elephant!
Everytime i see an ewok die in Return of the Jedi i cringe and tear up.
Go ahead and e-mail me with the game plan and the houses/areas that interest you and I'll try to set up some appts.
No, I'm doing Truman Leadership Week in Kansas City, but I know I'll see you when you get to D.C.
Sunday. I'm off.
Ben playn the fly on the wall....time to be great
Hey Bro....thought you might want to know your SIS loves & misses you! Hope all is well :)
But keep your eyes peeled for my new senior class in Detroit "yoga for bubbies" deets soon
#edchat#education Anyone have a good walk through form for iPad? Open to any possibilities/ideas..
Good morning fam! Time to get your hump on or in, whichever you prefer ;) Be blessed and have a great hump day!
The next, the people fear; and the next, the people hate <U+FFFD> When the best leader<U+FFFD>s work is done the people say, <U+FFFD>We did it ourselves!
how do you feel about monkeys?
Always good to catch with H!
Thanks for the follow!
initiation is in order. Its a prestigious group. He can start by filming a documentary on ssod
Lakers may need to bring in Fletch and his afro to compete with James Harden and his faux-hawk.
Home yet again. pc4pc??
Barely used. The Elinchrom 19360 transmitter/receiver wireless transmitter kit for strobes. $150/set on Amazon.com. 2 left @ this price.
seems that way, but that'll fade quickly. What is it? 15 minutes of fame? So maybe it will be 15 tweets of fame! :)
Beautiful day in the fort Life is good
can we just call anal buttjobs? Oh and
You hit that 2000 level on following?
Now let me ask you one more thing, why did Kaleemah block me?
It's not the heat as much as it is the humidity
I care and other dont but they will
happy love day to you too princessa
Glamorous morning, starting with a trip to the dentist....
Great! See you again soon.
Got my tickets to the #byu vs #sdsu game! Everything went smoothly and quickly. Still unfortunate to hear about all the cutting and scalping
I bet if ever tweeted ,or retweeted me i would prob die !!!! :0
oh, you're good.
Hungry. I haven't ate since 4:30 yesterday. My mom said she think I'm bulimic -__-
You always discuss the job, you just never know it. PS. Hangouttage. Must.
is watching in Live NYK @ GSW !!!
So, Paris was sort of ridiculously amazing. Let's see what Krakow has for us...
Teaching my grandparents how to play words with friends >>>>
No one knows what it means , but its provacative!
You're the perfect fit. :)
Something's swimming in my blood. Something's rotting in my brain.
Touch my body by MC. Lol okay
aw thank you:)
If you can't laugh at yourself life is gonna seem a whole lot longer than you like - Natalie Portman (Garden State)
Ok call me behind the times..Had no clue what GOPProud was..that Grover Norquist was past or present President & the hes married 2 a Muslim
I don't wanna get beat up for calling you my wife :P
thanks dude. I would enjoy that
Crazy news about your sis! Great news that shes well and smiling!!
alright well just hit me up when you go. ^_^
I wish everybody could think like u lol RT : If your wit me then your wit me...I dnt share my girl
"no minority should have their civil rights subject to the passions and sentiments of the majority" pastor quoting
only 3 more shows yall! tune in NOW until midnight for Freedom for the Funk, to hear the last of tha soul brotha!
can i get a hey
Be formless, shapeless, like water.
Four A&#39;s requests more transparency for digital magazines
DYSON YOU TOOL
believe me, we want to have a new song to release lol hows your 2012?
Master the world of e-books! Sue Polanka's 3-title "No Shelf Required" bundle only $99 at the #alamw12 Store, booth 1835.
Saturdays are totally overrated, usually. This one though, is worth it. Relaxing with a good sandwich and it's a sunny day to boot!
Is that MSG show the real thing as-advertised?
Hi everyone !!
There's "crushing it" then there's the yet-to-be-defined superlative for what Lane Kiffin is doing with this year's #USC recruiting class.
Landed in Schiphol Airport! Amsterdam is just a train ride away!
Isn't it supposed to be about the beer?
hold on I'll txt u.
24 S01 E04: Jack Bauer shoots at some people that we never learn what their names are. 70s roller sk8 cop is shot in the #jugular. RIP FRO
Getting creeped out by creepy Malachi.
you belong in pictures
YEAH! Kyle U-ROCK! Congratz!
Your sister Angelina is HOT!
because population control is essential to keeping them alive.....
I'm in pursuit of new batteries from downstairs but I'm cold so I'm actually going to run for them
omg you're terrible! :p
The difference between a five dollar beer and a six dollar beer is the largest one dollar gap imaginable. Mental thing? Puzzling.
Excited! MT : Only two more days until the National Bike Summit! Who's coming with us to save cycling on Capitol Hill??
IRON f'n MAIDEN!! That's all
no jalapeno hummus at the store.
Voting AGAINST Amendment 1 today! Ashamed at the time and money NC govt has wasted trying to mandate who can and can't get married.
"If I meet One Direction..." No. It's "When I meet One Direction", because EVERY Directioner deserves to meet the boys. Especially you. <U+2665>
Neg campaign ads are powerful... This debate just started and I'm thinking, "BS!"
hahaha bro go back to sleep, that's worth sleeping good!
how do you get to work on the warped tour?!
Anyone remember Trampoline Zen? That should be a thing. We should bring that thing back.
It's time for Lyrical Libations 2219 E 12th St l #Food l #Live Sounds l #Cocktails l 630p-10p l
It was to good to be true..
I can not believe you will not be in Knoxville this weekend!!
Harold change your twitter icon I keep mixing you and Nikki up
Never take life too seriously; after all, no one gets out of it alive.
When you put that ring on my finger, you put a chain of death around my heart. -
Does make me a stalker if i been noticing you all the time before we started going out.. And never said nothing???
Watching #Vietnam Doc on , wondering why we don't have journalists like the ones they had then covering the wars of 2day
sd latino film festival!
Yo the club was live lol jk. Junior prom.
Saw a guy walking a pig yesterday. #onlyinLA right, ??
If only I would have took that bitch last yr
Ryan Dumville is on the John Edwards case today and tomorrow!
Is anyone buying in Oroville, WA? Just found a $34,900 house!
no seriously the app turned in and he talked to DA manager!m so proud of my baby :-) !!! Mama gone trip, we waiting on them
No time for fake shit.
Rising Generation "rises" to the occasion with all 1s, a Superior rating and best in class at Spring in the Park Music Festival 2012!
ever have a relative that's so greedy they forgot that there are other people in this world that don't owe then anything?
"citizen" was capitalized a couple tweets ago, that's the 1 thing the grammer Nazi in me likes better about Google+, post editing
Love it haha RT ": Keep your head up high & your middle finger higher."
#JuniorSeau gone to soon.
S/O to my new followers
Vancouver Sun’s Maggie Langrick recalls the unknown Johnny Depp
follow back
I'm proud to announce that my friend Brian McGlenn of will be featured on some stuff on my new upcoming album! =]
TONIGHT - DJ's AI & J-Roc along with The Lotus Dance Team at Albuquerque's Best Place To Dance - Lotus Nightclub!!
It's William Shakespeare's 448th birthday today! I find it so amazing and ridiculously inspiring that we still read his work after so long.
If you don't mind me asking again, what was the name of the vet you recommended in the GB area?
Feel like givin n #SquE-Zn at the same time? Come watch some Bball at Sierra Vista HS, Baldwin Park for the
Had a great time photographing a reception tonight with a fun group of people! :) Man I love my job.
if you jump, I jump <3
omg how did you know
It is hard to fail, but it is worse never to have tried to succeed.
happy birthday Mike!:)
pls follow me :))) i love you <3
:O 900 followers!!!!!!!!!!! thanks to all my followers! and merry Christmas!:)
Yep, weeks of rain. :( Announced this AM. Will def. have to talk Rolex at #cwcon. Nice to have a year w/o any deaths for once!
thanks for the RT! Much appreciated! If you\'re ever looking for a specific HH drop me a line and I can help!!
Can't wait until tomorrow :) I'm so excited
It's official, Chicago's is sold out. Hopefully everyone got their tickets already.
I'm already dreaming about a warm vacation destination.
Derrick Rose! DO YOU KNOW HOW TO POST VIDEOS TO FACEBOOK?!?
Baer: Higher Ed has been the incubator of innovation
So my #allergies are freakin killing me today -_- cant breathe! And my eyes are watery.
Wow. I haven't been on here in forever...
- If they want to use it. It can be a good source for them to stay connected to family/friends or get information.
Thank you so much for the kind words, and even more for the retweet of my blog post! Hope you are having a very happy Easter.
Uh i hate how my gf thinks cant nobody tell her nothing! Fuckin aquarius!
NaLee2010.com check it out original mermaid fantasy!!!
Oh my gee. Boyfriend video premiere on #TheVoice I knew there was a reason I loved this show.
Watching #Cheaters is this how guys fist fite now? Ha! Fiting is never the answer, I knw this frm experience! Fuck 'em, they ain't worth it!
Game Night! vs Go Spurs Go!
Lyle Overbay gonna hit 50 bombs? I think so lol
This usually ends up with a fistfight in an alley, and a couple days of bed-rest which brings me back to my senses.
Someone on my bus smells bad.. -____-
My journey begins
Oops, that's #72DaysFORFreedom , not of
Spent hour taking pictures of the Mifflin St. Block Party. The air was thick with bad choices and good times.
is busy working on new Fall Fashions. Coming in time for football season are our new team color rings and starlight spray necklace.
A bitch can only take so much , but a woman can slowly but surely handle it all by any mean necessary .
If they were smart, they downloaded to their desktop then loaded it on the Kindle. That way, they can keep it.
Wow, what an amazing weekend. Happy Birthday America!
come to portland oregon!!!! (: please?
K. Fucking awesome.
..o! Someone is JEALOUS!!! Wanna pick on an innocent, eh? Wanna do your practioner crap, and think you won't have to answer for it?
Rod Barajas is on fire, you guys
we heard it in Kearny Mesa, it went on for about 15 seconds.
leaving today I will be back soon!
Broken hand and all I still like Jacoby Ford as a sleeper
go to my site and email me.
Would you stand up and walk out on me?
No indeed...but MY mom is. And since the email was sent to me...I had a giggle.
10-goal difference between City and United now.
I am objective I just don't think he coaches he just says go play he doesn't really do anything
Looks do matter. Students want aesthetically pleasing content.
Thank Youu! I just Put It On Facebook if you wanna go like it so it looks like I have friends :)
#PITTSBURGH #PITTSBURGH #PITTSBURGH #PITTSBURGH #PITTSBURGH #PITTSBURGH #PITTSBURGH #PITTSBURGH #PITTSBURGH #PITTSBURGH WE RUN <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0083> THIS <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0087>
Today at 3pm, and the rest of #SportingKC take on the defending MLS champs, #LAGalaxy! Get out to LSP & enjoy the game.
From what we get, we make a living; what we give makes a life.” - Arthur Ashe
There ain't nothing you can do from stopping somebody from Cheating
If it results in that man losing to someone who does not stand for those principles it can & it is.
Chose fallout my masks! Did you cross any wedding-related tasks off your list this weekend? Tell us what you accomplished!
God and His word are one. They come together. Be careful not to overlook the Word because it doesn't fit your plans.
When you have meat on your bun, you can serve it.
LADvCHC, and while you guys are in town, why don't you leave Matt Kemp and take Marmol back to LA. Eh?
Any mystery why Whites are being attacked and villanized, and not blacks, who happen to commit hate crimes every day?
woah lesbian activity. Bri if you quit clamin the lesbo life you're invited
Come on Dj! Champagne & Chickenheadz!
i just don't like how most of us pretty much tweet him 24/7 and he never sees, but people who tweet him like once get RTed.
got a new kitten :) named it spunky
Can it just be warm already so I can live in dresses and sandals
We thought that neck of the woods needed some love, THANKS! RT : We need cupcakes in Friendship Heights!
i wish you would follow me!!
As an actor you have to have a tough skin but also a tender heart.
Rangers are too good. Can't see nobody beating them this year.
"I Walked with a Zombie " film as proto-Gothic Caribbean fantasy based on Jane Eyre; reflects and distorts race and place -
My head and my heart are telling me that school is over and summer has begun.
Is your firm Mobile ready? Stop by BOOTH 301 #LMA12 and see why Moire is the legal marketing leader in
sent along with another for the wait
Lol! Re: Tom Corbett. Btw, where did this asshat get his law degree? Must've been absent the day they covered freedom of speech.
I'm forever pushing for the Diaz brothers but Jim Miller coming out to CCR is nice.
just to be clear i had doctor's orders NOT to shower
you keep on believing that...
: never aspired to be an #altac; no obvious #altac position except matire d' or barista
funny as he**
Isaiah 10:1-2 "Woe to those who make unjust laws ... making widows their prey and robbing the fatherless."
and????? Anyone else?
prom Friday. Good thing we have plans
Why do guys take pics of themselves in the bathroom?
Great meeting you too!: It was a pleasure to meet you today! Thank you for demonstrating the coupon app for me
You have no viable reason to why you think Obama 'sucks.'
Thinking --> Instead of making fun of Farmville players, maybe we should apply their affinity to healthy games?
From what?
That's all Twitter is!!! lol Oh and btw, 6 Celebrities died in the last 10 days. Two sets of 3. Bwahahaha.
If you're a player, & MLB fires vet arbitrator after players' first public PED appellate win, you may have new trust issues.
"Is it time already to ruin Squid's day?" -Patrick Star
I feel so bad. I think all of the bad things I've been wishing on Alex Trebek are partly to blame!
yes it does
In desperate need of something super addicting <U+E411>
afraid that a single travel mug of coffee is insufficient for my mornings this semester.
i know it makes me sick,nicole should have chose instead of bein a coward and not choosing the better one. crazy no love 4 nicole
That was a good fucking I just got.
so i think im developing a latex allergy .. im still wearing my hot ass rubber outfits, i dont care if i stop breathing!
It's #WorldAIDSDay Turkey and Friends Africa created a benefit event to promote AIDS Education in Ghana. We are very proud!
RT "You can't fight stupid with more stupid. You can only fight stupid with betterer stupidity" #fluffSlinger20 #Ineffectualism :)
Oh my gosh! I have the co founder of the #noh8 campaign following me on twitter!
Listening to alot of music out I know for a FACT that I am 1of the Best Artist you gone come cross foreal and I say it with confidence
More & more heartless, day by day...
Watching an interesting demo on how to create the influenza virus in
wrapping up night w some ... if you are a fan & haven't seen the 'Back & Forth' docu, find it, watch it, love it!
UP AT IN DC STILL TIPPIN!!!!! CRAZY IN HERE!
If u had/have a crush on me #DM me with a <3
Lol and I LITERALLY have the most amazing conversations about Larry Stylinson every single day (':
“: I'm so happy is coming over tomorrow :) #missedmyboy”I miss you
Hope you're having a great day! #JoseJueves #welovejose <3
check me out /mikeepresha and follow
First day of work tomorrow! Yay!
love u! Thanks
Thanks for the tweet!
RT : Ain't shyt to do around here but workout n chill
Your la Bealtaine is awesome.Had some yesterday and have it on draft. Good stuff
Be happy with the person you are and don't let other people tell you otherwise.
Cut trademark and patent fees for small biz
we love you too !<3
That's nice. Was somebody talking trash about you?
My bio class is so annoying omg
Why do they call it double-u when it's really a double-v
Once again, I must praise our highly awesome Iowa AEA's. Shout out to Bud Carruthers!
Sounds like a likely next step... “: Sources tell quad-core iPad 3 with 4G LTE to be unveiled in New York next week”
I wish i could watch this right now :(
#Imagine Niall: I really like your outfit today. You: Thanks. Niall: But I think it would look better, off. *winks*
Mustache May
“: Dinner with my ladies at Edibles! Yum! Thanks !” ---xoxoxo you ! Great seeing you !
#uwcelebration Montgomery Park Atrium looking good! Ready to toast highest ever amt raised for community via United Way. Ttl released soon!
Never lie to someone who trusts you. Never trust someone who lies to you.
I cant wait to see to do his stuff on jonas la this weekend
big Friday - ready for Leadership Harrison and a great weekend!
Good morning
you don't know you're beautiful. <3
I'm gonna guess that's from the cost of cleaning up after the piles of dishes French Starbucks patrons leave behind.
I need a balloon ...do you have a balloon?
If you see a big dumb fat kid dressed as a Kardashian at your door tonight, I prefer Nestle Crunch.
The SECRET to #Success in all of your relationships...is simple...Be nice! NO MATTER WHAT!
Will be at HOB in New Orleans with you?
ha! Succulent. That word I could see people being squeamish about. Not me. I think of Mangoes.
Climax, Michigan.
I've always loved puma - they aren't looked upon that well in the business world
It's too funny, I like to think all the guys are doing the same thing.
Thanks for the RT, !
Dinner recommendation? Need something kid friendly but with decent beers. Bonus if they have good fish.
With the Dodd-Frank financial overhauls, the price for financial services will inevitably go up and when credit availability is squeezed, …
and I were supposed to watch a musical and that just never happened.
Do your potential customers know your out there? Do they know you exist? Are they hearing your story?
#DontYouHateWhen you're hot as hell and your girl says its freezing and cranks that heat
“: Waiting to be on LATE NIGHT Jimmy Fallon... have FUN! I <U+2764>jimmy and the ROOTS!! I hope u guys get picked to play a game
Teller of untruths your trousers have combusted.
Does anyone have a good password anymore? I'm tiring of these DMs about "a pic about me". Let's get with it.
The Mourning After -
is talking, fast, about making a big difference with a small change in keyword optimization at #pubappx Good stuff.
Next book. Alyson Noel's Evermore. Vampire fiction and dark fantasy YA. Not normally my forte, but it has taken off, so it's time to read.
Thought 4 Today: Suicide's the 3rd leading cause of death among 15-24. Today, when you ask people how they are doing, make sure you listen.
Reason #12 why I'm awesome: just cried at the end of Strictly Ballroom
hell yeah... You could have smashed Megan Good if you caught her out. Catch Kim out She laughing at income taxes. LOL
hahaha oh yes of course, her intelligence really projected throughout the whole movie :P I wish I was as intelligent as her haha
You are invited to join my private poker club for Home Games online glswebsites.com
6:45 a.m-10 a.m. Tuesday DASH Southbound AT1, Westbound AT2 local trips will bypass Mark Center.
MAD MEN
you can receive voicemails (and calls in the future) at socialistr.com/fondalo and your biz can too at socialistr.com/bundlepost
Marylou's, then working at the bookstore for the day!
We want #ICONicBeats by Dre. exclusive headphones. Wireless!!! So u can dance without the wires!
See what you want and #focus on it and then it will manifest!
The real hero is always a hero by mistake. He dreams of being an honest coward like everybody else. ~ Umberto Eco
You can be a gangsta and still be civilized
I'm kind of obsessed with her...lol
Check out and learn more about the division among Democrats over tax cuts
It can be all about the content of the work - after you can eat, that is!
Wtf are these test so hard
#Echelon3000 Thursday *House Party* Live Ladies Free All Night Guestlist free till 11:30 !
"Lamon, I wish to set eyes upon Charleston one last time," Hurlbut said. "It brought me into this world, and my sister resides there still."
Still in vegas buddy bear..I know you miss it here lol RT : lol where have u been
The frog stares and listens
“: #Pisces are big soakers if you know what I mean.” I don't
Blue valentine <3
Ikah love kills it tonight
Nope, Ben's missing out this time.
As I prepared to leave for the airport, the parrot kept reminding me 'hurry up! You're gonna be late! HURR-Y UP!!!'
Vacation and pay day tomorrow: that'll do.
I really want bacon and grits
China!!! Wow! Awesome!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY FOR THE MILLIONTH TIME:D love you ted
yeah it doesn't start till 4 so I think ill be there at 4
NOT SHiT..THEY GiVE YOU A PiECE A PAPER &&ND GO OVER iT THEN ASK YOU WHEN YOU WANNA START...
Who the fuck do you think you are.
geesh... Is that what you want me to try
Brewed a new beer last night. It's an IRA (India Red Ale) and it needs a name. Any ideas?
wanna see the fishees up close?
awe miss ya too! that was so sweet!! =D
Happy Birthday you awesome, inspiring man! Keep being you :)
When planning world domination, is it better to rub hands gleefully, or laugh evilly?
Got a photoshoot set up with !
Damn these guys r beating the crap out of themselves!!
Cubs won today :) now just gotta home the Lakers can beat OKC tomorrow!
We hope you enjoyed the sun this weekend, Monika!
So sorry I missed that. Did you get the sauce recipe for me?
Well now that was definitely worth staying awake for.
#whenyourebrokslivingalone you're always hungry -_-
Lukes a slacker, went home for the weekend, don't let him fool you - Great to meet you guys!
Goin to see slumdog and draggin my boy michael with me..... It best be as good as everyone says it is!!
CPD concerned about any anarchy that may occur
Mostly for librarians re:going to professional association conferences and other overwhelming things. I'll see what I can rustle up!
your welcome (:
I'm having mood swings,, so if I'm a bitch. Sorry
Nice to see you again!
BEST RAGE AGAINST THE MACHINE COVER BAND LIVE @ ANDREW'S UPSTAIRS JAN. 2. YOU DON'T WANT TO MISS THIS!!
cross the river? I've played Oregon trail. I know how this ends!
A quick-tempered man does foolish things, & a crafty man is hated. -Prov 14:17” >>> GOODMORINING
Are you a social media GURU , check out what has to offer. These people are visionaries
About to lay down and relax in my comfy bed. <U+E409><U+E13C>
she mad we ain't tweet her. :0 lol
OH:" I think the homeless wi-fi hot spots are good. All part of our war on the poor."
and I'm really happy to dig into leftover kale pesto!!! Smooches!
#MothersDay the day where guys have to suck up everything for a whole day for their moms and grandparents.
LMFAO is the worst thing to ever happen to music.
Richard Linklater's "Bernie" building an audience with strong early showing! Jack Black is terrific!
Hope you feel better soon, we need your energy and spunk at training camp! Show those younger guys how it's done.
i did play once, he beat me in a close game. don't think he knew it was me, though. :)
Coming up, we have exciting things to share re #communitycolleges. Stay tuned & pls join our discussions. But first, enjoy your weekend!
I will be leaving America April 19th.
I think it's gonna blow over.
yay, so looking forward to seeing you at #BEA! Same ol here in Jerz, and you?
wow, you got yourself a lovely bunch of fans now don't ya. That's alright, we love our goalies in Portland.
^Sp Spruce has our Tax ID (came in mail today), LLC filing is in the mail, Business Registration will be done on Monday. Gimme a "Woot!"
Great seeing and today! Sometimes I wish I were part of the 2nd year cohort...
Batteries Power Station is one of my favourite London buildings. Not sure how I feel about Chelsea FC occupying it.
Lol she know what it is
LaHair, my guy!
no, that was perfect
RT : BREAKING: Santorum says presidential race "is over for me," suspends campaign.
Still sad to miss the conference but glad to find the right hash tag to tweet about it
Hannah and Emily dbdxlsbfvrtjdf
I think I'm in pain:)
lol you have quite the imagination. Just make stuff up. How long have you been a paid democrat operative?
great days!! Seems like we didnt want to deal wit high school now we miss those days lol
March issue of GTL is doing a Special Section on Grand Central USA! That means you AR, KS, MO, & OK!
---Artist---Sneaks Up Mixtape Submissions are DUE.... Please send them in PRONTO!!!
Wouldn't that be like (or in actuality) a full-throated declaration advocating for tax increases?
tells #aiip listeners to look for Google advanced searching in the tools menu or at the foot of the results page
I like to look my adversary in the eye tho
Then its safe to say that Wendy Williams = minds blown
Yeah, the commodities market forced those prices up... Miracles don't come cheap these days. LOL
- I suspect is just making stuff up as it goes along...:)
sam lee look better than yo girl jesy! and any girl you ever smashed! My past gf's are killin all your girls too.
mine too
hockey with the boys
Country<<<< some country>>>>
''Yesterday'' song for the studio with Lil
"Nothing happens until something moves." ~Albert Einstein
With that FG, K Billy Cundiff is now tied with Jamal Lewis for 2nd most points in franchise history (284)
I'm not entirely sure, but something tells me you'd better get used to those damned spots.
I would discuss working as an actor/model in a safe and honest way.
Night #Bear and #Bull Family!!!!
Its goooott to be YOU! <3
haha i am 12 years old now. funny thing is...i have nostalgia thinking about kingdom hearts. i dont really treat my b-day as special...
I really hope I have enough money to go to a Carrie Underwood concert...
how the hell do you find these videos?!
RT : Fill in the blank: I LOVE #SocialMedia because _we get to interact with our clients and community even more!_.
would go better to the tune of Bieber's "Baby"...
Sportscenter failed to mention the Kenyan who won the Boston Marathon also ran for none other than Louisville
all three
Woot! Go Mariners! Victory to start off the season 3-1 over Oakland
I'm a sucker for a nice ass and a smile #Mannish - XavierLT.com
Yes, but even then, most of the time not everyone is going to have huge file downloads on every single ping.
I think you gots swag
Sorry. Other fans do, that's we call them whiners. Thought you were defending them. My mistake.
How is anyone wearing pants today?
I swear I'm on my level !
Being in New York always makes me feel so unhip. Like I shop at Talbots or something.
Audition today and filming Aunt Rhonda!
Not feeling well. I need you to get through this life with me. Ugh ! :'(
Hate holds passion, whereas disdain bears nothing. If you hate someone, you still hold them up for notice.
Follow me and u will get followed
they're early sample pics They might change them up
lol even ur mom had thr Boys Will Be Boyz shirt or was it ur dad
Private pilates classes for $45 each! Certified, experienced instructors! $45 per session or $400 for 10 sessions!
201 days until Wild West Veterinary Conference 2009!
You might want to turn off Twitter for today...
stomach speakin in tongues.. or however the hell u spell it. *kanye shrug*
Feel like you need a month to adjust for an hour.
Game Night was fun.!(:
#BlockMarketMonopoly Is Searching For Male & Female Models For Hit Single "#Complicated" Official Video Shoot Monday May 14 2012
Looks like Bynum has gray hairs.
Hey cool life
thanks for the wishes for grads! We are #UMNproud!
totally understandable! My sister saw them on E! and we read them with her book club. I am a big fan of indie writers :)
#Nf s/o to #gramfam deep in the DFW. C3 will ALWAYS be
We're back! Sorry for the interruption. Our account was temporarily suspended. Happy Saturday everyone!
I've got a lot of work to do first!
Matheny ejected. I didn't think he was capable of that kind of emotion
I'm good too thanks, my sunday's been boring but making the most of it lol x
There's really no point in even trying to go back to sleep anymore.....
I want a new phone cover mines is so plain
DHX Media and Netflix Strike Kids' Content Deal
or else!
good luck
Thanks for the RT :)
go listen to mixtape on datpiff
Pumping out shirts, 800 shirts per hour. Lots of orders shipping to New York and California this week. www.inkscreens.com
Hi ladies! Thanks for the follow! I just shot a short film with elves. :)
myy kinda guy! How did you know I love dinosaurs??
: A pleasure to meet you! Thanks for connecting us!
that's a good day sir!
#unfortunatenames Billy Jean
Well, Portland OR is currently homebase but we'd like to make it out to Chicago in the near future.
Aw! It went very well! Transparency rules! And so do you. Project underway. =)
Tracking Santa on NORAD/Google Maps!
bet will do bro
Smiles right back at you.
If nothing lasts for ever, will you be my nothing?
eating>>>not eating
Rolling with Erik B and Rakim this morning : I know you got soul baby
lol, yeah otherwise that would be worse than texting and driving
I just told my son what I would love to have for Mother's Day. He got a funny look on his face & said...Mother's Day? When's that? hm
When you have time for everything else but ME <<
This -> RT : Great #LinkedIn session with ! Learning some great practices to put into place in my profile.
Loving you is a treat sweet girl
Well off to the gym. Got to get back at it. Just got a call from ready2model going to be a ring girl in SF on Friday!
Hm. #ROC weather I don't mind being alive in. How truly unprecedented.
Happy Spring and thanks for the follow!
Don't let outside circumstances beyond your control affect your thinking, which is really hard to do and easy for me to say.
what time ?!
I just looked at the trailer for #TheHobbit shot at #48fps. I'm sorry die hard 24fps fans but I thought it looked great
#NowPlaying. Mariah Carey. Honey.
Polanco is awesome! What's also awesome is he's on my fantasy baseball team.
I meant Clayton Crush!....Not Cursh...
I'm doing great. How/where are you?
This ain't no funky reggae party, five dollars at the door
Give a man a fish he can eat for a day but teach a man how to fish he can eat for a lifetime #didisaythatright?
aren't pleased..
sure thing. (if there are any left)
Just got my steak <3
That would be quite a nuclear relationship ;) ya know cause uranium & iodine create nuclear fission...
OMG yes...fucking awesome song
Waiting for the grass to dry so starting the day watching "The Muppets" with the kids. Then outside for playing, swinging and sliding!
I'm sure you aren't, but enough are to discourage me from attending.
eh, it's nothing.. :p ha. oh well atleast your day turned around for the better. c:
I envy you!
don't know whether i like you or hate you..
all ive ever wanted is to be accepted. is that too much to ask?
Hey Cutie(; Our Tickets Get Out At 10 For Your Concert! :D Me & My Bestfriend Wish We Could Go, But We're Far
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones you did do... -- Mark Twain
I just want a tamale tbh
GIVE. SAVE. FEEL GOOD. That's our motto! Follow us to spread the news! Coming soon to
sure doll. i was the one who went to la leche and said "it's like wearing an uncomfortable pair of shoes!". antichrist glances
your boy is in town : Just landed in rainy Portland! I hope to see & while I'm here.
Nice interview Madonna gave about Whitney Houston. Truthful & Honest.
Everything you are saying is 100 but real talk I jjust can't trust Westbrook... L.A. by 3
"writing partner"="someone who's as unemployed as i am"
#Austin tee time 9am. Fore....
Oh it's going to be a long week. , early segment, can't wait for another Thurs. HH w/ !
We dont say half of what we truly think/feel for the fear of being judged.
thanks honey bunch!
Needless to say im BEAUTIFUL & i have a JOB (;
The articulate claims to be, not so articulate
I'm in love with you
After all the garlic I ate last night - pretty sure my co-workers are going to love me today.
Poor Baby ):
I really don't understand how these announcers are being positive. They should feel our misery. They should be like Uecker in Major League.
Reason RT Pops wants to know what #WAKEandBAKE was produced in.
Wonderful day!! Sons prom is tomorrow nite...where has the time gone... :/
Damn skippy! thanks so much!! “: We hope everyone at enjoyed themselves as much as we did!”
WOO CELTICS WON.
Dodgers get swept in NY....awful!
Sweet! Can you play it sometime soon? I really wanna hear it again!
Playing soccer with little kids and some other people, its as if I came just to get hurt
Happy Birthday!
#uwmgec1 first startup workshop class at UW-Milwaukee launches next week - launching more companies!
Hey Pol I'm just cant help it when I got money
wad up wad up
Awesome!! Recorded. :) RT : The Idol Top 6 take on the songs of Queen tonight - starts right now on FOX6!
can u plz follow she follows bak
I think it will be Flynn to get another pick. TT values picks & will get a deal done w/Wells. RT : Wells or Flynn. Hm.......
yea yea i know haha. Wanted it to be a good game :-p. This one is pretty good.
There are people in churches all across America (and the world) who help their fellow parishioners. Its what churches do.
I'm going to burn Verizon.
Yes - we will send out info soon! RT : hey Sheri, is there going to be a presale for the raw tickets on Saturday?
Sorry I won't be there. But I'll catch up on the tweets later. Have fun!
Terry thats so sweet my friend, TYSM!! ": u r amazing"
Why are there so many Ohio license plates here in Knox TN? And why did they all skip Kentucky??
Forecast for Thursday Night: Partly cloudy in the evening. Becoming cloudy. Patchy fog overnight. Lows 54 to 59....
RT RT : If Marvel makes a movie based off the Civil War ill die happy
yeah pony trying to tweet more, do more yoga, eat healthier, and dance more. ya know, steps to a healthier life :)
#springbreak 2 days! Although the weather is nice in #Wisconsin lately it will be better on the beach in #Miami thank you :)
i always come! Monday mornings are my weak spot lol
While I would have slept another hour at least, I'm happy the cats allowed this much.
Hall has lost his range
Attitude makes a huge difference!
was told a good anecdote about him. apparently he still takes LSD once a year to freshen up his mind...as all academics should!
You RT'd a Louis Glück verse from It made me think of the longing in Kudzu...grabbing hold. Never letting go.
Too bad that header off the corner earlier didn't go in.
"Train Wreck" is being released in 8 days!! I am so excited I might just have to buy myself a present!
These PETA tweets and GIO comments are one of the few things that can make me legitimately laugh out loud.
scuba diving hoses? makes me short of breath.
The Dalai Lama is a lousy tipper. At least that's what I hear.
just had to say goodbye to my best friend and and then follows me.
Unknown~ A best friend it like a four leaf clover - Hard to find and lucky to have.
you need more whorehey in your life
too much thinking probably.
So good to be home with my Chad dog :)
yay, i got it to work cuz im GUTTAH! lol the act website doesnt suck no more
Nortel Bankruptcy Judge Sends Pension Dispute to Mediation - Bloomberg
Need a break from your last minute holiday shopping?! We're here and open till 8pm. Hope to see you guys....seating upstairs and take out
Loving Oregon.....feels like home =)
I just yelled at on TWITTER. #ithinkisaidsomethinglike #iknowyouarebutwhatami!
The house by me is on the freaking vacant properties homepage! She's been taxed but still nothing...
We will donate all proceeds from CD sales to the Stock Options Vinyl Foundation.
I can't help but to agree lol tht was a worse moment thn what I be haven I must b a red head lol um joken n I am 4real
Okay, so you're just watching all of my favorite things today! has the most infectious laugh!
get at me so. Have a management company of writers an producers.
Just saw McDonalds has Big Macs for 99 cents. This is y our country suffers from obesity. Junk food is cheap food.
You pick
Welcoming today´s #Masterspov #Cinematography Conference attendees all the way from Finland & Mexico!!
#mahomies follow back.
Trick or treating later(:
aww miss you to boo!!
OMFG, that Newt one made me gag.
Don't retweet me lame :)
Surprised when guy raised elite & wealthy & made millions as destructive capitalist not worry about poor because they have their safety-net?
Democrats bash GOP on Patriot snafu
nah Pau Gasol, there's nothing to talk to the ref about. #posterized + #reverselayup = shame
yes. They are all over the Ducks and will Lyles. Now lyles is throwing the Ducks under the bus. Doesn't look good!
You know what the big secret is- The Annex check them out at www.theannexlv.com or stop in to visit! A great selection of vintage!
That's true. A lot of people would consider driving to be something they can't opt out of though.
Huey Lewis = The Bill on Capitol Hill
His wife is here. Classic old couple.
Join the movement:Under30CEO Atlanta Today :30 PM Peachtree St NE, Atlanta, GA 30303
Lmao Maaaannn Nahh None Of That. If iSee You Tomorrow You Gonna Say It! <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
Nice! I'm with you on that.
Patiently waiting for someone to drop a parody/remix of Juvenile's "She Got it From Her Mama" called "She Got it Off of Pinterest".
#3wordstodescribeme happy, healthy, blessed
like men
M we'd like a Tampico fountain too! ;)
Seconded! :-/ RT : Zipper, Sega, THQ, a bleak week for many in the game biz family - may you all find safe harbour soon
RT The difference between where you are today & where you’ll be in 5 yrs will be found in the quality of books you read.Jim Rohn
Tht new female host on 106&park has a figure i wanna eat lol
After food, that sounds like a great plan. See you there!
I sent a text message pouring my damn heart out, and all you reply back with is "K"... Bitch you was better off not replying.
Yup! Have you checked out our site yet?
Best part of George Harrison doc is Dhani reading George's letters home to mum
Michael Gorman himself couldn't have said it more succinctly.
I felt the same way when no one cared Tom Bosley lent me his belt.
Yes I am a victim of marketing. I am going to the Green Turtle tomorrow for lunch.lol
listening up. Even it I had a daddy and I don't I still would not obey any man on this earth
This week better go by fast.
Was it 1916?
You make all things work together for my good
The tongue is but three inches long, yet it can kill a man six feet high. ~ Japanese Proverb
Having a day to myself.
bummer, I still run Windows and Android.
oh that's up to date she can rip it up and throw it away if she wants I gotta pay on it again next week
Good luck!!!
Cant wait for
Yo, my man! Haha. I'm doing well. Trying to get into the journalism game. How about yourself?
So glad you like it :) Hope you had a great day xoxoxo
RT : The KICKBALL episode has aired in the UK. It will air Stateside soon. Also, Kickball is called "Soccer" in the UK.
Nice work, by the way!
haha, but what you say about March is so true! I was sailing through and then March hit and it just wasn't ok anymore.
Voltage is my daily beverage at Walgreens
This guys just came in wearing an ash ketchum hat. My new hero
Had a great time at the book party! Met lots of amazing successful women. Check this book out next time you are at UB.
Probably not going to get sleep tonight. There's a 100% chance that ill hate everyone and everything tomorrow morning. LET'S DO THIS.
#NBCTheVoice serious about social media when "social media correspondent" TAKES THE STAGE
Ditto for this guy...
HAHAHAHA. Kevin Federline is in this episode of CSI. HAHAHAAHAHHAA.
it's true-she announced it last night. wait-must run to the bathroom to throw up again. :)
"I have a hard job, Castle... and having you around makes it a little more fun." Gawd, what guy wouldn't love to hear that?
Missing church anniversary service tonight, can somebody fill me in on how it goes?
Nevermind, another epic fail, seems like that's the Carrie way lately.
No! I'm so sorry to hear that. Do the movers have insurance?
thanks for spreading the word about Shop Your Values Week! Have you taken the pledge yet?
Okay I know i'm late but keisha is a fearful lil bihh! can't even call her scary she got straight fear in her heart for no reason
i see a future twitter couple... :]
at the market? Sure u are lol
This day will end in tears or hard liquor. But for now, coffee and a pastry will do.
Dream no small dreams for they have no power to move the hearts of men. Johann Wolfgang Von Goethe
"morning sickness" is takes longer to get over then there is the underlining cause ... i find wonderful but you might not :)
Your presentation previews look super great! I would totally go to your talks!
"Hey Meg, #oomf is single" Can't tell you how many times I've heard that today <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Same here, and I wouldn't really call what I did, spring cleaning.
Last chance to ogle art by Dave Moore at 101 East Main Street before an installation for LOOK3 Festival of the Photograph goes up!
this drive isn't looking pretty. I might make it back by 8...
absolutely! Let me know what your schedule is like and we can meet up!
Thank you, new followers? Can I get 75? Just need one more!! :)
Google is where you can find the answer to almost everything. QUIT. ASKING. ME! Tf I look like?
Cassie off The Secret Circle is so freakin gorgeous.
Gm Sat is a busy day @ the salon so enjoy the pampering & tell a friend 2 follow lovely hair 4 those hair tips thru out the wk
I wish I could swim I wanna go swimming with dolphins
less than 12 more hours,unfortunately
are you guys at the ? I love that place.
wrong person i thought this was from charles , ctfu .
Their worst fear should be how long he keeps that mustache RT : Rangers' worst fear on Holland beginning to take shape
Home from swim(:
1st 2 performances on idol are real good...matt killed let's get it on dudes are bringing it
RT As Syria descends into chaos, CNN asks: Why do Elton John and Madonna hate each other?
I am le tired and le crabby
I lk organization & things 2 look nice, but kids need 2 take ownrship. I believe cute doesn't mean fantastic. Its abt classroom culture
I seriously can't believe it. Crazy!
The Museums District's 1211 Sq.FT High Rise Condo Done to Perfection
That was simply awesome!! :) TYVM for the kind #shoutout!!
Been struggling with nails of the week posts nothing is turning out good enough to feature! :/ hm trying a new look now....
do you support relay for life? Cancer support...
I just care about you a lot
Do it. RT : We'll be open for onsite sales next Friday, March 9th, beginning at 4:30 pm.
Thanks for the RT! Hope to see you soon :)
Dey Say Dat Ima Class Act Cant Do Rite Dont Kno How 2 Act N Cant Keep My Ass Up Out Dat Trap!
RT : My daughter and I just poured out a sippy-cup of apple juice on the curb for the great Maurice Sendak.
You have to do the Saltiness crackers challenge! says so!
I'm a sucker for long hair and wet thighs .
RAW BABY.. LETS GET THIS..
If I can't understand your text through the shorthand we have a #communication issue!
B-day: Aug. 31. First day at new job: Sept. 1. First OSU FB game: Sept. 4. Idaho: Labor Day Weekend. Moving to Salem: Sept. 11. Busy Month
And Afrojack is team Avicii...this tweet war is interesting!
i got you... I'm supposed to be seeing him on the 26 but apparently it's been postponed =/
LOVE LOVE U JILL...BEST WISHES 4 THE HOLIDAYS.....
Great news! Craft brew dollar sales were up 15% in the first half of 2011! Let's keep it that way for 2012!
same to u sweet dreams
Such an amazing day with & our team! Humbled & blessed 2 get to share God's story of redemption!
What is your favorite desert?:)
Malcolm Forbes~ By the time weve made it weve had it.
Working out with Ash at charter fitness
Kind of like the crazy-ish stylist accompanying the super cute Modern Family girl on E. If only I knew their actual names...
Timbers U-23s add four more players for 2012 season: gk Justin Baarts, mids Ricardo Carrillo and Joey De Mare, and d Anthony Hobbs.
A representatives job is not to be strong for you, it's to be strong with you.
If you don't sing along to Billy Joel songs; you're dead inside.
I'm like...tall. Lol.
Get down on your knees and tell me you love me - My obsession with this song is unhealthy
Jeezus. I miss the fuck out of you.
follow back mama
That's what makes me think it's gotta be bad, assuming he'd give it a try unless he felt he's worse than Dooling on the ankle.
So if you drink too much alcohol you are an #alcoholic. If you drink too much #Fanta, does that make you #Fantastic?
I had the grave misfortune of seeing even less than 1 second of Alien Resurrection as I was flipping through the channels today.
Nothing is more beautiful than a smile that has struggled through tears.
Great use of alliteration ;)
my neighbor is legit flying a kite in a hurricane!! -_- people!!!
lol thats why i put it in spanish
I did...waiting for my response miss
5 minute conference with my teacher today? Niice. Easy day. Bring it on
Just flipped my hair.
I was not put on this earth to deal with your problems. I you need someone to talk to.........get a therapist.
Loves the moment when my paster looks out the window before service, watching people coming, as if she is picking which one she wants...
u have followers and Raider Family in L.A. too.
Is there any way that we can start to encase our remaining uninjured players in thick foamy cream?
that took forever to retype
I'm hungry):
Thank you so much! RT“: such an amazingly beautiful show!”
The most interesting Ficelles in DC will be at L'Enfant today. Spread the word!
65 degrees right now and I'm complaining about the cold. Toto, I have a feeling we're not in Boston anymore.
Directioners, We Go In One Direction <U+2665> :')
I need to talk to my sissy soon! I hope she has time for lil ole me... :) I miss ha dearly!
im writing it now :)
Come on jersey show love
Oh please, I don't want anything to do with him.. He's an EX for a reason
isn't he a cutie? Very affectionate. Thinks he's a dog. His name is Bad Juju.
stacking off light! Go Nuggets
on my way home, hbu?
As much as I'm worried about what will happen to me I can think about is how much I miss my aunt
What a perfect Monday fall morning! And a happy birthday shout out to my Mother! :)
Good Stuff, send us a link and we'll Tweet it!
Ugh so annoying. Catch up already! You missed the xmas episode
you'll be good for her.
Aw love you! your the best! And yes I'm happy to be home!!
Angels of Transparency message: The new Earth of the 5th Dimension will have only peace, love, harmony, and brotherhood.
Dear Chico & Chang's, It isn't necessary to stuff my mail-box with a take-out menu every day. One was sufficient.
Ohh my god becky look at her butt tunchi!
do u still make videos
Yes it does! RT: : A little cultural sensitivity goes a long way.
no she just doesn't put up with some of the ladies BS she'll call you out
I just started to get mad cause I noticed Ty ate almost all of my Jolly Ranchers. But then I noticed he left me all the pink and red ones <3
Congratulations on the 3 million followers:)
I've tried. Many times. All my 'accents' come out as sounding Indian. No idea why.
You were cute, and then you opened your mouth.
I love Tosh.O
#SomeoneIWannaMeet so she can show me how to do my makeup <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A5><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0084>
Just saying: Joshua Ladet got f'n screwed
Although physical violence is inexcusable.... sometimes a bitch just needs to get popped to get your point across... I mean
Perhaps, but the ones that do exist I know where are. Hm.. that was Yoda-ish. ;-)
We just recieved the nicest letters from our many of our readers! Thank you for all the kind words!!
Oh how u steal my heart.....
Props to the for playing some #BeastieBoys joints before the game tonight
I never stopped trying even when you did the worst part is I'm still trying and you still aren't #</3
i know. i always miss the howl :(
I saw that, and thought that was you ridin that bull
Can anyone explain the recent phenomenon with Rum Chata?! How do you like to drink it best?
i love hearing yall on the radio i could b down and yall bring me joy in everyway so i thank yall i really do ;)
Ugh? Are you upset you need to sign up?
almost 10:30 i gotta cut out the daydreaming momentarily and the tweeting as well or otherwise i will never get the hell out of this office
WILL SOMEONE TAKE ME TO A WATER PARK PLEASE
Why did the mosquito go to the dentist ?To improve his bite !
not okay for a man to like cold play
tails are over rated anyway!!!
YOLO= You Only Live Once
.. havn't bashed indians on here yet :P lol
Move over, custard: 'Fro-yo' is all the rage in Milwaukee - Milwaukee Journal Sentinel
Thanks for the retweet!
Amazing rehearsal with the trio! Ready for the Roxy tomorrow night :-)
Our composer and our sound editor are moving right along, targeting the beginning of August for finishing! Can't wait!
Ladies and Gentlemen, our Twitter follower of the week goes to ! You Rock!
Let's go we gotta keep this lead!,
That sounds beautiful. Is it for the full moon?
#YourBiggestProblem is that you don't have enough confidence in yourself
No question Scott should be #ACC player of the year, but he won't win it. Carolina bias will prevent it.
Awesome! That's great to hear! You have a great design aesthetic... clean and fun!
Yes, mild and over the top coverage but my concern is was this the start of something? Colorado and now East Coast?
what a day!
One year old boys are so entertaining.
If we transported early Christians to the present with a time machine, I think they would be utterly confused by a woman's right to choose.
RT : If you did not know I'm a Libra. <<Virgos rule and umm pay attention in school young man. #Winning!
I'm going to be the most popular girl
I missed you running?! I'm disappointed
SHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!! Your not supposed to talk when your deep in yoga! -.- Jesus man
UCLA Brain Injury Research Center Gets Ncaa Funding for Research on Sports Concussions In an effort to better understand the long-term co
League of Legends Time!
I #amwriting as much as possible. Getting it done. Make your own luck.
i felt you so distant even when you were right next to me
Those are the best! Have a nice stress-free weekend off the grid =)
lmao i suck at this twitter thing.
Good :) . I hope you saved some cake for this chicc right heree ;D
Christ, be with me, Christ before me, Christ behind me, Christ in me... -St. Patrick
Lions are holding an extra try out to fill in for all the players who are about to be suspended for pot.
People who tweet every minute in every hour of the day, calm yo tits & find something else to do.
TINKERS winners , , Jonathan Fielder & : pls send addy to bellevueliterarypress[at]gmail[dot]com
Been gone for a while now I'm back!!
This weather really makes me want to go take a train back to wepo...
I have the first iPad. Didn't see a reason to upgrade to the iPad 2.. but now I miss the camera. Might have to do it! Let me know
We're glad that you and your colleagues enjoyed the photo booth at the
#JenniferFox friend: SeaTimes rpt re: sonograms "is inaccurate. I will be going w/ her to hospital tomorrow to try & get."
When I got alot , I pop alot . .
oh ok :-D im slowly becoming Twitter savy... Thank You btw
Exactly. Stoudemire was very good but not truly elite. It's 1 of the reasons I never fell for the "NY Superteam" hysteria
Thanks for the shout-out Carlos!
We Need Stelena Together, and if we all #ComeOutToPlay, it's gonna be a beautiful vampire wedding this season, i guarantee it
it's just me she wants to give pain to
Pierce's Park is officially on Twitter! The handle is:
Gosh, I also have my grandmother's piano stool (the seat screws higher and lower) with glass feet and her milking stool.
being me is not easy
For anyone but kansas. RT : Picks to win Big 12 will probably vary by more than any other conference. League is up for grabs.
It took a month and a half, but we finally finished watching all 11 hours of Ken Burns' Civil War documentary! So moving.
On her first time registering voters met her goal at four!
USA Women win over France, off to the Finals in the World Cup!
I hope my last comment wasn't over the line I was going to say soft sweet nice etc... but then you do not know me :)
Anamosa vet sparks rabies prevention program in Kenya - Eastern Iowa Life
Need a humidifier to sleep! The #Florida girl in me needs humidity.
Yes! RT : free donut w that large coffee if you are an aarp member
Nah, he's on the 29th. See you there at 7!!!
Why you so fat? give me a good reason why you're fat.
looks like my toy made it to London, thank god
ill think about it
"A bookstore is one of the only pieces of evidence we have that people are still thinking." Jerry Seinfeld, born on this day in 1955.
While there enter your business card for a chance to win a free cake in our drawing...! 101 W 7th Avenue Havana, FL 32333
rangers are 8-8 vs teams who are .500 or better, fyi.
Bacon Incense?? M.. RT : suggestion for a xmas present for me; incense that smells like bacon frying. that would make me...
so Im gross Bitch oh and you dont like me o get slapped hoe :)
I hate that place so much. God, I could rant for hours. Drunks, smokers, people who can't afford to blow money. Blech
Realizing you spelled graph with an 'f' on all your class notes in economics
YUP WE GOT YOU GIRLIE!
RT : My obsession with spanish music continues. Que pena
I'm doing great btw :)
The Tigers beat Rice 11-10 today, but came up short, losing to Texas A&M in our second game
Sorry. I have good hygiene and Dental insurance. Plus good genetics.
definitely a big fan of
NYC population density allowed me 2 know it was Ash Wednesday because I'd see folks with ashes. Now in SF, random tweets remind me.
FANNIE MAE HELP LINE not much help for homeowners with sale dates! Don't count on it...
[jack gilbert] the first finger, the anger
Yesteday was Conge at our Sacred Heart Elementary school in SF. The girls did a "Lady Gaga in 8th Grade" skit at the variety show.
Just signed on to twitter!
I often space out to think how awesome Voltron was. Is.
I wouldn't kiss him with my own ass.
NM 2?! I certainly hope ur gonna eat #fishtacos on this trip in honor of the 1st time we met. when I was more fun & interesting
For sure RT : #TapinTuesday All Stars - You know how to Tap In to your community
why is so easy to be a fat ass, but so hard to be a skinny ass?
The pink bats appear more...florescent than past years. Or maybe its just the HD.
The worst gift is a fruitcake. There is only one fruitcake in the entire world, and people keep sending it to each other. ~ Johnny Carson
I feel that's the biggest tool we have in the #pulseox fight. Pregnancy is one of the very few times when you have the 1/2
This night was great!!!!!!
Oh baby lets get naked, just so we can make sweet love all these sensations, got me going crazy for love...
Had a good night..... Helped get my mind right for this crazy week
#Artists: Send art submissions to Wizards of the Coast at . Ensure submissions do not total more than 5Mb
Pringles BBQ flavor>>>>>
thanks, y'all! villanova's site looks great.
I need to sleep <U+3160>.<U+3160> can I sleep with oppa tonight? :3
So proud of final4baby in it to won it!!!
Please drop off crutches at the Child Health Building at 200 N Wolfe Street from 8a-5p on weekdays only until Fri Jan. 29 (only crutches)
where's my mandolin?
laugh and make fun of it! Exactly
Dealing with backstabbers, there was one thing I learned: They're only powerful when you got your back turned...
Happy Valentines Day!
Love to Japan
I really only cruise the web looking for inspiration. I love stumbling across articles like that one...
Ima leave that up 2 u
cheer up Hun. I hope things get better. My husband is a hypnotist. I'm having him contact u on here. Good luck sweetie. Smile
i think...that i maybe..just maybe..might be in love with my best friend's crush of almost two years. -.-
Meetings today from 8-11 & 2-6 only! ": Barca v Chelsea, if you aren't planning around this game, you might not be a football fan"
Doing my Saturday radio thing at Have a wonderful Saturday! Chilly temps but beautiful sunny skies!
Anybody have any ideas for new bands?
how do I know this is even real?
I'm back in USA, in new York performing tonight. Then tour is over !
so many people love me somebody got to hate me
i love you. Listening to Automatic Loveletter. Just pure brilliance.
single ply toilet paper should be banned
Drama at work. Computer problems, printing problems, HR drama, and I accidentally hung up on a businessman. Awseome job
I eat that pussy like cold pizza
I'm not serious :P
I haven't talked to you in a long time. :(
There is no such thing as online privacy. The drive to make money from your personal information is greater than online advertising.
Very much so
There's an in Williamsburg now!!
just got wrecked ! Fuck metta world peace
#20ThingsAboutMe I always have a bruise somewhere . -_- They just appear. ._.
Great, where/when do I meet you?
you know it!!!!
haha she beat the game :)
That whole story is insane...can't believe it.
Starting a 30 day HIIT workout tomorroow. I'm tired of how unhappy I am about how I look and this is me putting my foot down. BAM.
Happy Monday y'all. Shoot for the moon and if you miss you will be among the stars ~ Les Brown
When authors write "If you're still reading this" it makes me think of the people who put the text down before that page. If a tree falls...
My chick made me go see HUNGER GAMES LOL
History quiz is for adults, too. A person in the street thing, like Jay Walking on Leno. Answer correctly & win prizes.
#BEAUTIFUL day in #SanFrancisco today!!!
We love seeing friends at #Milan Furniture Fair!
RT : ESPN: Now that Peyton Manning has directed his agent to get deal done with Denver, Broncos will try to trade Tim Tebow.
- Franklin D. Roosevelt
Happy Easter everyone, have a blessed day
Tim Collins. 2 innings, 5k, no hits, no walks at Texas...Damm to quote Ben Stiller....that's strong 2 quite strong
I think Zusi or CJ could use some rest. It's a long season...
Anyone see Chicago Music Guide's latest post. LET 'EM KNOW about VB!!!
ha! That would be RT : Do you know who did the Amazon cloud player video cartoon? Looks very much your style :)
Me to : "Do cats need stars?"
you're welcome! I enjoy your tweets!
Get plenty of sleep the night before you exercise. Your nose won’t be as sensitive to allergies if you’re well rested.
can somebody kidnap me from school and take me to the BTR album signing at the Palisades on Monday?
CANT TAKE YOUR EYES OFF ME, THERES SOMETHING YOU DON'T SEE.
Breakfast was delicious! Half of a whole grain english muffin - toasted, some avocado and a poached egg. Now I can start my day.
congrats on the big 10K!
yeah, you never noticed that?? Paul had 3 eyes!
thank you sop much
$1 off all draft & cask ales & lagers today. Serious beer for fun people.
The drinks tasted & looked delicious! Photos will be ready tomorrow but it's prob. a good idea 2 schedule these visits regularly :D
Trying to go paperless #mlanet12 To Do List: Transfer docs to DropBox or Google Docs. Move email to be accessible off campus
Focus on Energy Appoints Implementers for New Energy Programs
#agreed so i basically just don't go to my profile now so its all good
haha alright I will start wearing my birthday suit to school...
Lol, why do I even bother? Seriously?!
lol. boy im grown. stop being dramatic like im 16.
follow me and ill follow you back
Hamilton fastest at final China practice
Nothing wrong with picking a out of state school. Got to be your own man and move away at some point. GO BIG BLUE
Tell me about it. They had questions there that I haven't been teached yet. Like, what the fuck?!
It was a good draft man. Can't wait for the season!
Congrats on the national book award win! Keep the party going when you get back to Mobile.
#iheartradio can't wait to see Bruno perform.
I have to disagree. Either it's about economics, or it's about the law and "fairness." I'd love to know your thoughts on it.
Did you see that Jr. Seau passed away? Who cares about Vilma and his 2012 suspension?! ESPN doesn't get it.
you're welcome! & aww thanks, you too!
What if humans could actually breathe in space? And the government says we can't so we don't try to escape.
“: Double Jack. Carry that and I'll be in every night!” we will get on it!
It's almost time for a Hokie win in New Orleans!
hey people now i'm using new twitter follow me
#mycrazyobsession anything green. i see green, i want it.
Reminds me of an old song...
nonprofit organizations 2005
watching #thevoice and waiting for !!!!
What's the craziest thing someone ever told you on a first date?
so good to meet you. Will you be at the reception later?
Doesn't sound like Treb Ryan doesn't like Private #Cloud afterall … new type of shelfware
Finally, I think The Dictator looks really funny.
HOT JOBS: WW Norton seeks edit asst, professional books, NYC. Entry level, BA. ”
Poised Creation has gone through some growing pains!
Its pretty obvious we were all wrong! Inge didn't need a change of scenery, he just needed a change of number.
Talking to my sister in Japan =D cant wait for her to come back next month!!!=D
ART is one of the strongest forms of expression!
I think it should b a good fight tonite!
Three hours of biking + ACT Prep class to teach tonight + assessment essays to grade = shouldn't be on Twitter.
Thrilled to develop &direct the workshop of Steve Sherman's Stained Glass Windows with this month!
This was so my cat this morning!
It's a good feeling when u fill up the tank n c that Damn needle go all the way up lol
hey ,txt or call me 433-9642 bored as fuck. In palmer alaska. ;D
Everyday I wake up it is a new miracle that brings learning and blessings.Yes I hope I could experience many more! YaY
"30 ROCK, COMMUNITY, And PARKS & RECREATION will all be given shortened "send-off" seasons then terminated." --- WHAT?!??!? NO
Just Got a Voice Mail of my choir grls singing me Happy V-Day!&2 feel btr.Tnks:)
ABC 7 says we're going to "get a break from the heat." Really? Gfy.
I can hardly wait! I'm gonna paint the town... With my tongue
Watching in My Fair Wedding do a Mad Men themed wedding. Can't wait to see what he does!
- it is officially girl scout cookie season, otherwise known as
Love the airplane caste system. Nobles (1st class) looking down on the minions (coach). But 2day guess which class gets a row 2 themselves.
Doing what i do best..... MUSIC
trying to fill that empty hole in your heart with sex,drugs and alcohol. it numbs the pain for a bit but it will eventually come back.
For work, because we are developing an android app and I need to test it...
Ok, my son HAS to.hate me... He fxcks with me EVERYNIGHT then I can't sleep!
I could never forget about you hun! I will come down this upcoming week. We can update each other on everything. And I te ...
thanks for the follow!!! Glad I'm no longer at 333. You get a follow!!
Beyond annoyed right now. This day seriously needs to end!!!!!
Best birthday ever thanks to my best buddies love ya 8] Elise :) Eddie 8) Lee :) and Christina 8}
Always been a strong option for NE.We grow up in that strict environment&it snows. A lot.Tulane is a good school away from that
Passed by a bookshop & saw 1 outside w/ a cover my favorite color blue. It turned out to be Keats. I of course had to buy it.
Yep & the recent blog post
you just yelled in my ear on top of all the noise already going on....
i need a boy friend who is kind , acter on chat on skype,who snowbords,and a 12 year old. :)
did you think the fight was closer than the judges had it? I had 115-113 or PBF, but not the blowout scorecards indicated
you never fail to leave me speechless. This GQ photoshoot... just. whoa. ohmygosh.
I can has yr job? RT : This week, I wrote about Glocks, the stimulus, horse racing, and the Inquisition.
Last day at work is always very sad, especially when you really like your colleagues :( Bye it's been a blast. Thank you all.
I just wanna say I respect you and I like your music&the things girls are putting you through is a shame. I love ur necklace.
'There's a long way to go before there's talk about miracle treatments'
stay strong becca!
Is moving in to Ballston next week!
yea I'm like that to but a least u talk to him :)
Omfg when justin was all up on that chicks neck. Fuck.
Idk why im so tired. I get to sleep in another hour
Planned on skating today. Then I realized its a "How I met your mother" marathon on. I'll skate another day.
is gettin where I HATE my stepdad! #FAMILY->(Fuck)(All)MIL(Y'all)
Want the best seats to THE LION KING? Buy a 3-show MINI PACKAGES & get the best prices before single tix go on sale! Call 800.343.3103 today
Want to win a $50 cert. to , write us a 140 character love letter. Contest open Fri-Mon. Winner will B anncd. Tues.
hey you went out w/ Jimmy?
Excuse my grammar. STACKING!!
enjoyin my last taste of beer :( this is gone be a long 40 days.........
The kid in the rookie is also Kevin in American pie
Congrats .. also way to beat me in words with friends. I bow to the master!
"Why resist temptation? There will always be more." Don Herold
Today you are You, that is truer than true. There is no one alive who is Youer than you. - Dr. Seuss
i love u so much!!
So mad right now, I think I'm going to explode!
Intriguing. RT Rainy day in LA... Oh well back to the editing suite to work on my secret project... ;-)
RT : When you battle with your conscience and lose, you win. - Henny Youngman <<<huh??? I won???
Fog and traffic ... what's up with that?
Nails broken: now up to 4
I Think Atlanta Has The Most Homeless Or Poor Niggas....Everywhere You Go
Are you afraid of the dark?
Yes You try ;)
Life without a friend is death without a witness. - Eugene Benge
good night (:
:) check out (myspace.com/poemaofficial) they will be playing warped tour this summer @ the girlzgarage tent
dang it. if connecticut would have won my bracket would have been perfect yesterday. geez
"I almost got caught my kony... I was like 'f**k you Kony'"
He was killed during the great iPhone/Android War of 2016.
Smash smash smash!
CANT WAIT FOR THISS ;D BEEN WAITING X LOVE U AUSTIN
I got 2 tickets for the Colonial and wont be able to make it anybody interested?
hopefully it was worth the time ps expect camping details soon + (ian) and his weekly trivia pregame speech
Great! Now Skynet can find both of you.
except mine of course lol. Yes I just had to let it be known. Lol. N now I will dismiss myself Lol!! :-)
I'm not sure. Just... wait riiiigghhht there and we'll find out.
I know. Mine too! Everyone is the audiance gasped! Remember when they took of running hand and hand?!
Awesome! I'll be right down. A chai would be lovely, thanks.
Can we kill this one? Please?
I hate for calling me cuz I can't fall back to sleep and my voice sounds like a motorboat..
“: Am I the only one hasn't seen the #HungerGames yet?” I thought I was :)
Ill go out wit my cousin tsmrrw aint in the mood
“Gratitude makes sense of our past, brings peace for today, and creates a vision for tomorrow.” ~Melody Beattie
Rally time!
In 4 days i will be insise you, Italy!
I love it when I get to talk to people who really love their jobs and aren't in my field. Nice to know we arent the only ones who nerd out.
Myself and tried to get everyone rowdy at the show. they were being pussies : /
#GetAustinToTheTop10 help me
haha pissed cuz i couldnt get a book i wanted cuz everything is closed. :( and looking at good books to sometime get
Draw Something: SupaDupaJizzle
time to start planning for the draft and another wasted pick on a shitty player
Gonna watch some tv then bed... Wish I had a beer :/
im not single and I'm not in a relationship. I got work to do and it doesn't involve another person. Get mine when I want it.
My mom , brother & I are the only ones who can talk shit about my dad. Obviously if you say shit about him, youre gonna get hit.
you forgot the weed hashtag.... <U+E105>
I'm white, but I'm not Nascar fan white.
Hey guy's don't forget Daylight savings
“: Hey new followers from the last 5 minutes. I couldn't be more sure you're at the wrong place. Trust.” Hehehe!
actual set top box competition? While you're dreaming, can I have a pony? Oh, and a double rainbow please.
#3WordsOfAdvice Always be yourself!!
okaaayy I will (: (:
Going back to work .. !
Because I'm from Austin and this is true...RT BREAKING: Grim Reaper endorses Rick Perry's presidential bid.
wait...what? seriously? why are those two mutually exclusive? and she picked trash reality tv over facebook? just...so...much...lulz
<---- still waiting to see Dom Kennedy & PAC Div live damn it! >:/
Screw homework!
ok, so like, i'm figuring out this #followback thing. not everyone who claims to be on #teamfollowback actually follows people. check it.
Haha im seeing it tonight too! Arclight? : Movie date later tonight.... With myself.
Just so you know I have been helping despite that she won't say thank you.
hey are you calling me slut?! I didn't kneel down lol jk. naw they are feeling better.
#OpenAir drug market in
"journalism" was already taken.
I know, I'm so nostalgic reading it!
Thanks! RT hilarious!
Had a great interview with for REALLY encouraging. A few quotes...
The best use of my life is to spend it doing something that will outlast it. How can I make a difference today?
thank you! you too!
Let's make one thing clear: Michael Bay is ruiner of plots, stories, anything he gets his hands on. And your dollars only help his cause.
you need to host an interfaith clergy #what2wear event! It would be amazing!
Ah 's "What the Hell" vid just came on tv…I love the song sfm!!!
its ok sweetie! How are you/
lmao! I did! I was like I parked my car in the parking lot at 6am. That's on time. Lol
one of mine has Pork tornado. No lie.
I'm in Portland. Are you?
Besides my concerns over privacy & ownership with FB the signal to noise ratio is out of whack. Nothing against those who find value in it.
I know Pierre is in Hawaii and looking at making our islands sustainable, not only does the plan we have do that, but will create jobs
Its xmas eve! Love a good break but argh! What to do!! Feed myself upto 90kg with mince pies and xmas treats!!
Wantin to go out but feeling sick. Someone make me feel better
Everything I Do I Do For You Girl
Have a great Thursday! Namaste.
How are you doing these days? Are you up and around?
ok i gotchu i jus #Followed him now
I would suppose that since you've treated her like a grubworm all day, she left.
Welcome back to my co-host Ophira, big bucket of sunshine that she is. Wink, wink, nudge, nudge.
What does it take to succeed as an #entarch? Strategic relevance and creative brilliance!
The De Martino Legado chardonnay has a caramelized peach flavor to it, which I'm enjoying
Fucc heaven I ain't showin no religion respect...
You asked me about Damon? What else did you ask?
Thanks for the mention!
I've found that wearing iPod earbuds connected to nothing still keeps people from bothering you. These fuckers are staying in all day.
Oh come on, you know a Spicy chicken sandwich is a way better snack then that!
Right?!? People are starting to order iced here, too! Feels almost tropical outside.
RT if u think Busta Rymes is the fastest rapper!
Daniel from is on the scene at Junior Seau's house. Stay tuned for updates.
": Fingers crossed for an awesome outcome tonight - good luck to all my competitors. So nervous and excited!" Rootin' for u!!!
New gay party "Climax" Sundays $5 drink specials! D.j. Michael Tank & Ruby Dior performing! 9p-5a NO COVER! (721 N. LINCOLN LN)
On the phone wit my bro Jordan Miles
Are you wise enough to get into disaster preparedness? Once you start, you'll never want to stop!
Getting ready for a great performance from WE CAN rap group
I can't wait! I've always been a huge fan. He is a Nashville boy now!
Also, I'd like to throw an "I told you so" your way. All year I've been telling you Cundiff is awful and you defended him.
my first tweet!!
When Popeyes Open It's Gunna Be Packed ! Its Like Another Cookout For Goldsboro
That wasnt fun. My boy gets 15pts n 12rebs n misses game winner. Lost by 1. Had to pick em Up Off the floor.
Prince Harry was in my neighborhood last night. We're basically dating.
The hunger games was AMAZING! I cried like a baby twice...even when they lived <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Shouldn't showers have remote starters?
I'm not human
We're investigating! What's your site subdomain?
i told yall my next relationship is my last relationship an now that im in one u can say da games is over now
Entire thermos spills inside laptop bag #bo :(
What is interesting is while the indexes are range bound there are some good stocks simply imploding as capital is vaporized.
Gonna finish watching Quantum of Solace..then get my ass in the KITCHEN..hahaha
Idea Wall
thats when you hit them with the "no i dont smoke cigarettes" haha
mobile once again hahahahaah #stupid :3
Experimenting with YES is experimenting with truly living. Try saying yes to what comes up, and see how you're able to live more fully.
The students will eventually be in charge of the world. and we were students once. ya got trust em sometime
Waiting for him Someone that might never come
you can do it!
I love and adore you! Thanks for enjoying the ride to #8! Let's send Darius out in style with #8!
Going 2 bed! I'm tired. Later Tweeps!!!
haha yup! Been raining all day, just stopped
I walk outside and Anthony scares and says look at the fire!! Lol
all i want is love because it is the most best thing anyone could ever have to fill their hearts <3
CHASE THAT LITTLE RASCAL!
The most recent issue of #ISTE L&L has an article about transmedia. Just an FYI... I also have an article in there as well. ;)
#OpeningDay Go Brew Crew!
Tip 3: Listening to a person can give you great insight into what kind of person they are.
I'm Great! I'm in LA starting a new job as a #menswear #designer for
Jersey's Yours.
Washington street church has been packed the last 2 performances at First Night Alexandria!!! Happy Musical New Year!
ZOMG! That's amazing!
which song??
Bennett tells Jackson to communicate w local legislatures & contact unions, who are good at suing the state
#3day Completed 8 miles and talked to another walker, 9th in 10 years.
Wrapped up in my Fresh Dough hoodie in my band on this cold day.
I heard you guys got ice cream tn wish I was there but you know I got your back for sure
Hate when they don't show people running on the field
feeling uncomfortable. Just read online that one of the kids I taught last year was shot dead yesterday. Rest well Jordan. We'll miss you
Yayayayayay! :D Yeah, mailing it is the best way. Text me. I'll give you my address and stuff. I'll keep it for you.
“: I hate when people just randomly stop talking to me without telling me why.” - EXACTLY!!!
The difference? Michelle makes that shit look god.
Spaggetti sounds good, especially with some garlic bread. M. Let's face it, I'm officially hungry
Forbidden Planet of the Apes
Need to look into replacing the battery on my Macbook the current one is beyond done.
Happy Holidays! We're taking a company trip to the bowling alley and enjoying the four day weekend :)
SONG OF ACHILLES by Madeline Miller will accompany my coffee this morning :)
#superbowl today , big party big game!!! go
I finally signed up for Twitter, but don't get it. It's like FB minus tons of features. Stop counting down my letters, stupid thingy.
I won't be upgrading for a while. Older macbook with only 2gb ram and a nice hackintosh desktop for work aren't really conducive.
Not MY history... NFL history. Go read about 35 year old QBs and their NFL success.
Aite VEGAS FAM, I'ma be n town the weekend of June 1st & we settin It OUT in "The Real World Suite" at The Palms!! Come party wit cha bwoi!
I'm gonna start a blog. Because I don't say nearly enough meaningless things during the day.
. I'll be transferring a bunch of domains from GoDaddy (they support SOPA) to you. Thx, you guys rock. cc/
no tweets about the game? Your either a. in the fetal position on the floor or b. biting nails so can't type...
Just had weird/bad service at
#ThingsIHateAboutFacebook - Girls who post pictures of there boobs hangin out.
Happy Friday! Stay tuned for news about summer camps and "Ron Carter at 75". Many great projects in the works!
Just 3 spots left in www.thecommercialclass.com Learn the ins/outs of National Commercials from the CD himself! Seriously do not miss out!
oh happy day! RT Happy Earth day, earthlings.
Something I'll never say: I really need to find a Sunglass Hut.
The true sign of intelligence is not knowledge but imagination. Albert Einstein
Gotcha. Thanks, as always, for your stellar tweeting. Always informative & interesting.
Hope fellow passenger is ok...really, really hoping to make 1st timers session.
Every child comes with the message that God is not yet discouraged of man. ~ Rabindranath Tagore
Vampires VS Zombies. I choose vampires... cause they are charming sometimes, not like zombies. They are ugly... What do you think,
So far tomorrow just keeps bringing boring old life. :/ & I'm never giving up! :)
Just passes my drug and alcohol test!!!!! :D
A guy just walked by our mystery location and yelled "hey, where in the world is Tim Elliott!?" So he knows. I told him not to cheat haha
RT Nothing wrong with becoming a mature market - but don't expect 100% growth: Signs Of Life, Maturity In Social Games...
I've listened to three Alkaline Trios back to back to back on this drive home...
One thing I want do is settle...
I have Ice Cream Sandwich and it is yummy-fast!
Follow me for discounts on auto reoair and oil changes in oklahoma city. We come to your home, business or office. No mess-No fuss
I'm wondering. They aren't legally responsible 4 him or his bail. #Trayvon was a dependent minor child tho.
Can do!
#ManRules put the gun down & use your fists
apparently you just can't handle being a slut anymore.. 16k is intense. hearts.
Small actions can change careers, relationships, well-being and the impact people have on the world- thinking small today
No guy wants to settle down with a girl thats been passed around his homies and half of kc. Smh
I am never gonna get to sleep.
Shit who like to workout? Need a workout partner.
Last AP tmrw
Know is the time to fert. your lawn to promote root development with top growth.
Nba arena playing that one jayz kanye song
did you see the bud light commercial about helping rescue dogs? ABSOLUTELY Perezious!
Too rainy in Portland to make your hair look nice
I LOVE ME BOYFRIEND WAYNE !!!!
Well...I gotta show up at work....so im gonna try to show up at sleep around 12.
Provided legal commentary regarding Lindsay Lohan case to from The story will air at 6 PM tonight!
Culture of the mind must be subservient to the heart. -
my jazz army
I played at lake park!
I'd like to take this opportunity to wish a wonderful, happy #graduation! (I know it's not 'happy,' but I am so, so proud!)
Lets get it:-D
Remember the complements you receive, forget the insults.
www.pledge4patriots.com has NEW commercial thanks to MICK DOLAN
no problem :) showed it to me and it was really amazing. You're really talented.
you make left leaning anti-propaganda voters look like idiots...The Hannity of the left? you really want that title?
Okay, I'm sending you an email!
Can't wait for Mardi Gras this year!!!! Shit face on Bourbon Street!
Speechless... Utterly.
thinking to myself "bed time"- 10:48 pm "I cant sleep! its got to be around midnite"-10:55pm *insert 'close enough' meme guy*
you recall my blockbuster story at Evanston? Asked for movie "pi". Said they had "American pie". Me: no, like 3.14159
last nights dream I was watching Randy Johnson pitch to ken griffey Jr. for a home run derby, I was right there on the field.... badass
Just had a real live conversation with my oldest niece!
what is this "think orange" business?
If you see <blink> or <marquee> in the source code, close the browser and slowly walk away...
Obama is here apparently. Time to mentally prepare myself for
The challenges start at 11 o'clock Tuesday morning (Pacific Time)! Make sure to bring your smart phones to school!
It's a nice surprise.
this is officially the first time i have ever been on ALL of the social networking sites at the same time! aw yeahh.
And that's my point exactly, she MADE 20 million to be married 72 days because her job is media whore.....
WE BUY GOLD , SILVER ,ARTICLES OF VALUE! WATCH REPAIRS,CRYSTALS,BANDS, BATTERIES FROM $ 1.99 $$
A great big thanks to all the artists that work with us. Without their music this would not be possible!
we love it when you tweet and tell us you love us. So cute.
You don't realize how awesome Monterey bay is until u move away. Miss me some sunshine on the beach. Btw win this one, please.
637 followers. woaahh, i'm speechless. you all are so amazing, and don't let anyone tell you different. #MUCHLOVE <3
RIP Andy "You know what makes me mad?" Rooney.
Looking for Praziquantel in 150 tablets low price for kennel. Anyone out there have a place they use?
I hate you morning!
I sit back think sometimes "wth is your plan in life" ..please dont be that person I'm thinkin about!
Looking forward to listening to , but can't find info about VOSD Radio on site. How/when/where do we listen?
Right on Pal. See you soon (also full time, haha).
.'s tips to unlock social data into action: 1. Create the conversations
vs the laughable dismissal endured by other female athletes IE anyone in the wnba
We know is an ally, but pro-wrestling supports & promotes violent masculinity.
DM ME...GOT SOME NEWS FOR U!
#ConfessionTime .... I piss in the shower in the mornings.
My mom got me shoes :D I love newyork
"How did you prepare for this interview?" Might be a bit intense for an intern, but I love it for entry-level positions.
Thanks for the workshop mention!
lol i should when people compliment them haha
"Use condoms today or buy diapers tomorrow."
I should really study though.
Yes, I can unequivocally recommend very few things...edmodo is one of them.
Dude, I've touched more Windows PC's/laptops than Macs in the last week. Every.Single.One. had a virus/malware infestation. Yep.
On my way to connect with my core. It's fun to work out with Shannon. She keeps me from hurting myself.
#ThingsIveLearned Steward all your blessings!!!!!!!
CHECK you guys are so great!!!
Big thanks to new believers S.A. Sukop, Kerry-Lee Powell and Susan Dziengel.
hey :) how ya doin
Follow if you believe women should have access to birth control – without a co-pay, no matter where they work. Take a stand and RT!
lovely morning for a walk...Blaise luvs it
lol you silly but thank you
Our Colorado Rockies play twice against Pittsburgh today at 12:35 p.m. and 3:35 p.m. Dominate the games, Rockies!
Goodbye winter...Hello Spring!!!
Great Travel Tuesday
howay men are useless at that too:/
not having a good week are you buddy? :-(
Landed a few interviews this week.
Wow, way to be a damn hypocrite.
The women students at Georgetown University are not happy with men who claim religious rights over women's rights!
Also, was just reminded a great, obscureish Sendak-illustrated book: What Do You Say, Dear? Still love it as an adult. Bf thinks I'm weird!
Eating tip:Don't think of any food as being bad. You're better off eating in moderation, especially if you try to eliminate a favorite food.
i don't think god's obligated to touch you if yo ass would rather live in shit than work a shovel -
Tim Timbo Goes To Denver Bummer
your name sounds familiar. :O
I never thought he was like that ! :o
Received my first 20 mosquito bites tonight. It's officially summer.
me too that's why I made sure I reached out. : )
Can't imagine Nate McMillan is desperate enough to coach the Charlotte Bobcats. It would be a career killer.
Well, lucky for you, we have $10 off all bottles of wine right, now, NOW! (and all night.)
Need to relieve stress?? Take a relaxing dip in the heated pool; soak away stress in the spa or sauna. Call 858.279.7410 for our special
Recipe box, recipe box! I got a brand-new recipe box... I'm learning all sorts of recipes & I'm gonna make em yum yum yum
not sure yet,the venue hasn't been confirmed.When it does it will be on our purevolume! We are excited that you guys are coming!
*waves* might attempt going to bed now (sigh) RT aw ((((hugs))))
Outdoors Calendar for May 4
I'd you we're getting shit done you wouldn't be on twitter #idiot ;)
So you can do/say something.. But when i do it, you get all pissed off? Tf? #Bullshit .
don't understand the urge to rush to write a commentary on new UIs... maybe if you USED them for more than 5 secs, i might care what u think
My first Iphone tweet!!
he was considered 1 of the worst draft picks of all time. good 4 him. gotta luv vernon davis. Nice that some1 cares that much.
Milwaukee Flag Football 2011. New league forming check it out on facebook.com/milwaukeeflagfootball2011. Open to everyone
NATIONAL WEATHER SERVICE HAS ISSUED A SEVERE THUNDERSTORM WARNING FOR CENTRAL EDDY COUNTY UNTIL 8:15 PM.
thanks Ginger for checkin us out! Its great to hear your diggin the tunes! your awesome! keep rockin!
nice, that had to be fun to watch
Happy mother's day to my mama. She is the most beautiful person that has ever walked the earth. I love her to the core of my being.
i just took a full time job in mequon. i can't wait
ill be torturing hiiimmmm ^.^ RT shutupppp. is this TRUE?!
Always and forever!!! How you doing?
We hope you all had a safe and fun Fourth of July!
Twitter is the modern day post it note of our days.once you go twitter, you never go back, you never see the light of day LOL
It's sad how people give up so easily & fast .
“Thank you, Borat!” Love, Kazakhstan
I'm down
excellent pre con presentation on social media at
What should I do for my bday this year?! Ive NEVER planned for it before....
Starting to think will never notice me out of his numerous loving fans.. :(
yeah man. I'll talk to her this week about Saturday plans and we will try to make it happen.
Adhesive capabilities of Staphylococcus aureus and Pseudomonas ...
welcome to the big "D" we love all you guys #Kardashian #
i've got my fingers crossed! toes too:) i never thought she was like this in real life:(
Thanks drewsy :) rule of thirds always wins!
Some one dm me
We utilize the twisosphere 4 advertising our products and it works. Just cause it's easy doesn't make it wrong.
lol tell him to swoop lol
Spending my day with <333
god I love when my friends quote mean girls.
If you dont look like sex... You should reconsider your chance with me lol
Me too! RT : It's official ... Im getting my nipples pierced this weekend
Im So unphotogenic...
OmG! He's Adorbs!! :D
do u have a facebook?
OMB,not hungry,i eat even if im not hungry i eat when im bored . <33
My wife's upset,she's pregnant & got a pimple.It looks like a cutepretty freckle.I've had huge fetus sized zits all my life,& still get them
First day of school tomorrow :)
Waiting by the phone to see if I will be shooting today. While I learn lines for tomorrow, Want to hear? How was that? Sound good?
Contestant number 3, takin to church!
Thanks for the kind mentions!
Epic Fail: Netflix does not stream Star Trek: TNG. Watching Firefly instead. That is still a good thing....
passed the test, officially a writer at WHDH-TV 7 news! :-) first day of training today!
Kind of scared to go to the doctors. #IConfess. -_________-
#techweek #sxswi sadly home. Gearing up for big sup ct hearing tomorrow!
No way! Sorry Elizabeth Taylor rocked that much better.
how bad can it be
I feel like we know too much about the unannounced iPad3. There won't be long lines for this one unless Apple has surprises. Miss u SJ.
Thanks for sharing our news!
Orange for sure. RT : If you could have Altras in any color sway what would it be? Use #AltraRainbow and let us know!
Just read "that" email that frustrates you for the rest of the evening. Trying to just let it go....
Thank you My Bad
Ik a runner when I see one.
hm wonder where to
R. I. P Joe Paterno a great sports icon I wish he couldve gone out better :/
gave printout to customer. bets on how long it will be before i am asked a real reference question. i say again, i have a master's degree!
going tomorrow, but it's not warm enough yet
I've got 99 problems but a lack of protein ain't one.
Me going to bed early? LOL . What's that?
this album go be hard can't wait to hear that song with usher
Okay for real now. Goodnight lovers <3
Dear Males : - Getting Girls Is Nothing To Be Proud Of , Keeping One Is .
Happy Birthday Harry Connick Jr. - Grammy-winning jazz/pop vocalist/musician and occasional TV/movie actor.
Dont snap ur fingers at me... -hate when people do that.
Brian Wilson is a mad fucking genius.
What should you say to a pig on roller skates? Don't say anything. Just get out of the way.
i havent hurd you sing before -.- i feel stupid!
OMG IT WAS AMAZING!!! #mysummerthemesong <3
Home Herb Garden A Review OF Campbell Hausfeld Air- campbell hausfeld air tools
I'm meeting with about my music video. Fun!
I love hearing that some lawyers are gonna be shot... too bad you can't get 'em all!!!
Rise & shine. This early bird wants his worm
right back at ya!
Hint for tomorrow’s awesome deal: Ever need a pick me up before your workout? This products kicks in fast and helps build muscle…
and have joined The Builders Exchange event in May - it's going to be a blast! www.exchangeevents.com/builder
soo pumped though!
El paso for the 3rd time this week <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Day 30: Legs freshly shaved, the bell lap, the home stretch, the final countdown. Bum honed & thighs toned.
perfect. I'm chillin with the fort right now and actually staying a 10 min walk from Harvard Square
My feet are cold :(
Opening on Friday - Tix are going fast!!! ALEXANDER AND THE TERRIBLE, HORRIBLE, NO GOOD, VERY BAD DAY March 2 – April 9, 2012 Based on …
I think people assume Benjamin will be a slot cuz he is small. So is Desean Jackson. Heckert sees the same.
Don't know what this. Looks like a ball of yellowgray playdough but tastes like really good sugar cookie dough. India's snookered me again!
Awe don't feel good.
GIVE Me SOME CANDY
Hey Sheri....when is the next Yoga for Teens? Is it every Monday night?
is lauching its Brand New Headphone line in Vegas at CES Jan 10 - 13
Plus of the 200+ people I follow - the vast majority of whom are poker players - I have never seen one of them tweet a congressperson.
Does anyone else intentionally deny number exchanges just so there's a small chance of being on craigslist missed connections?
Rutgers, Round two.
I have the biggest crush on Ryan Sheckler. That boy is beyond sexy :)
I'm praying for you to find rest and peace in Jesus - knowing that He is in control
This is a fake. Kinda obvious.
Had Thanksgiving today! :-) blessed <3
first magazine interview monday...
I loved my internship at . Anyone else have an internship they really enjoyed?
So excited it is Friday and I have a long weekend!!!
I see you on dat Boosie!
what's going on! I can't speak for the rest of the band but I'm enjoying the cookie crumble from starbucks! Haha and you?
“: listening to all day! I REALLY want those tickets !!” Doing tickets 8a-8p, everyday this week!
Re-invent delivery and availability of law & legal services creating lower costs and greater access for consumers.
": Just so you know I love everything you hate about yourself."
Do you use physics (outside common sens) to get an advantage?
I know, right?! I feel the same way!
We have coupons for 2 HOURS FREE PARKING in the Smart Park on 10th. They are good for today, 1/30, and Tuesday, 1/31! Come say hi!
Wesley Snipes has apparently surrendered to federal marshalls to begin serving his prison sentence.
amen to that bro
Just cooked some bangin spaghetti n smashed it
Early birds... SAVE BIG TIME, 7 Day Cruises starting at $339.00. Call us for details. 305-828-9828
when I was out I was soo tired, now that i'm home I got all the energy in the world... smh.
no celebratory purpose at all other than the owners wanted to BBQ, drink, and have fun with public. That's how they roll.
Just had a #humpday #epiphany. Type Shift+F3 in Microsoft Word to change text to all uppercase or lowercase. Try it!!
Casino and then go back to the casino.
I don't know if my reply went thru!!! No clue how tweeter works!
thnx for tips! We realized we'd been hacked and were updating account as you messaged us. Can't send DM, but can tweet.
woops haha what's twitter without a couple cuss words
": Have an amazing day! We love you guys!"<3
forgot to say the Scarlets are usually £129 or £149 with dryer, we also have £99 black ones
. at presser for ny suny system "that's what we do in albany...gentle probing."
drose out for da season and bulls still goin win da ship
You're more than everything I need, you're all I ever wanted <3
RT : At some point u have to realize that some people can stay in ur heart, but not in ur life
#Sabres I love the Sabres BUT they have proven too many times this season that they are not worthy of post-season play
RT : From Power restored in SW Austin at 9:15 pm. Cause: squirrel.
lol then wake yo ass up...
Hey , how's the weather in #CA?Everyone's #AC is running like crazy here in #TX!
Did you know that our party/event space offers a lot of natural light w/our big windows & skylights? Call us for a tour! 503.222.4404
picked up reading again on the plane.. Don't know what to spend my time reading tho.. Tech or fiction
oh snap!
Thank you! :-) Happy to hear that, wish I could too!
good morning love<3
Octavia's purple dress is so classy and beautiful!!
be ready! (: its gunna be epic! (:
www.swigged.net :)
The youth are our future, and through Students for Future Students, we work to provide a support system amongst scholars and the community
10 more minutes.
Hot May for Intelen...open your social and media channels :-)
Love to hear dat!!RT cant wait for lees food court 2nite! bringin all the moms i know!
today is my 28th birthday. All I want is the nuggets to win tonight! That would be the best present ever! #GO NUGGETS
#iLoveBeingABelieberBecause i found family here.. Our bond is just so UNBREAKABLE :) 21 Million and still counting!!
:) love you
Not a fan of Sharon, Howie or people swallowing scorpions. But I watched #AmericasGotTalent last night to see Stern. Thumbs up.
wait do I sound gay? Im just wondering.
don't be so sure - Ravens have made playoffs 3 yrs straight and in that time have yet to host a MNF game.
IFUCKING HATE EVERY SINGLE SPRING FINALE.THEY ALL SUCK THE BIGGEST SHIT EVER.NOW I HAVE TO WAIT THIRTY FUCKING YEARS FOR NEWEPISODES. KILLME
Thanx for all ur support Phil!!!
are you fucking alive?
thank you shelby
We'll be playing in Baltimore, MD tonight @ Charm City Art Space w/ Altered State, , & Lapse. Be sure to come and hang out.
Sometimes I just want to cry so hard but I know it wont help #thatslife:)
A certain someone was in Austin over the weekend playing the bongos!
A women is the most valuable thing on this earth
": Muthafuckas be struggling trying to impress their friends....."<=#Truth...rockin Trues when they should be in Wranglers!!
RT : Are you going to change anything about the way you train in 2011? What are you going to do differently?
I've been using the teamwhiskey ROM on my vibrant & it's been working great. No bricking in sight :-)
sounds like pretty much proved his point. Hope the newsroom convo ended w/ 'Protect Yo' Neck!'
NaLee not a childrens book pre-teen and up book check it out at NaLee2010.com!!!
Thanks for spreading the word!!
The deluge of veggies from the garden has begun
Expanding #LasVegasFirefighters' model approach to life-saving technology nationwide could save millions of heart attack victims.
So many things to look forward to in the upcoming weeks/ months! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
love it!! I agree
Had an awesome morning with Kerry from ! Austin moms and moms-to-be LOVE her eye for the perfect, spirited shot!
Best wishes 2 and Nicole Ari Parker 4 a great opening w/ STREERTCAR NAMED DESIRE on Broadway tonight! Blair's B'way debut!
sorry i didn't find you guys - I got there late (found though)
AMEN! RT : Don't put God on silent! Rather switch your phone to silent
Avoiding composing by cleaning the oven ...
Why the fuck am I up this early .
Very nice. I want to go but my kids don't. Unbelievable. The nerve of them.
This can be a great place to get their questions answered, but only when local and state gov get their citizens to engage.
I love when normal ppl S/O the "little people" lmao
If your not doing anything this morning with your beloved mother, come out to Eagle Rock Reservation for a little walk/jog/run.
Mark your calendars for Fri, May 6th! MMA returns to Milwaukee's Potawatomi Bingo Casino! NAFC "Mayhem." 4 hrs of non-stop action. Ages 21+
lol at fake girls
Play Draw Something with me. (Yes, I'm late to the game). username: israelcsus
#mims12 Q&A: Great question: "What mistakes did you make?" A: "Let's not call it a mistake; let's call it a learning experience."
#DearGod When I get married PLEASE let my man be Faithful <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
I think Marcuse covered the reason for that part already in One-Dimensional Man.
#ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate "I still talk to my ex"
Does this mean I have to get back on that daily gym grind now?
Freaking loved it! lol Anna Faris is so funny and Chris Evans, well he's Chris Evans lol ;) I recommend it :)
Morgan freeman introduces Herbie Hancock #InternaitonalJazzDay watch live !
Urban farming is some stinky work - chickens for eggs and worms for compost - but we are loving it!
The end is action, not knowledge. - Aristotle.
More luck in "Cell" prod. Our actor that plays a guy who gets hit with a cattle prod, has been hit with a cattle prod. What are the odds?!
I'm bringing sexy back
SPREAD THE WORD- the family of Gilad Shalit will be on my radio show tonight 9-11pm (pst) on RADIOKOLAMERICA.COM
do what you love, baby.
I love the image of gourd delivery. Very Old World.
If you want to cry go watch The Road
RT : Went to see get "dipped" ;-) so proud!<<thanks sis!
Driving to work, being blinded by the sun and the visor does nothing to help.... Ugh
this is just fucking miserable
An amazing job, indeed.
Remember when phones were stupid and people were smart? Good times.
Get the FUCK out of here MIAMI getting all these FUCKING CALLS this shit is pissin me off!
Thanks. Sometimes you get stuck on a word and no matter how you say it, it seems wrong.
I AM SO HUNGRY
haha highly doubtful whit sorry to break the news!
Happy Valentines Day babe!
Watching Killer Elite and drinkin some buds. Sho nuff need it after today's Saints game.
Phone's dying, y'all. Gotta recharge. 'Night.
at the salon with my mom , y tu ?
lots of drama in my world....
Thanks for retweet!
RT - - Jay Rankin: I ain't sleeping. Im just taking a good look at the insides of my eyelids.
RT : MIKE CONLEY HUGE 3-POINTER SMASH #Buckeyes proud
If you get sick in Galveston, TX drive to Houston for medical treatment. Avoid UTMB at all costs!!!!!!! Third world medical help.
Well, what kind of guy would I be if I forgot the second major pillar of modern online wrestling piracy -- streaming sites!
hahahah :D thanks for accepting lol! did you already write a review at rarero? xD if not please write one ..lololol!
I wanna see how much thickness it adds so in case I want to throw my phone in a gelaskin in a grovemade, it'll hopefully work.
It's national #Ding-a-Ling day! Where we must brace ourselves for anything & everything. We all get a little crazy sometimes. Good luck!
just posted the banana ice-cream recipe on pinterest!
Why do #vegetables make me more hungry! I need a healthy snack that fills me up.
His dad was a husky and his mom was part lab/rottweiler. He's freakin' adorable. XD
Thanks!!! Keep listening!! :)
Well at least I can still watch them on SNL
"Undercover Baby" is my new favorite song!!!! <333 I LOVE it!!!!
S/O To All Ma Followers
jus stuff babe. Realising where I went wrong in certain things and wishing I coukd fix it u no?
$7. Haircut. Don't mind if I do.
Thank you for following Suburban Cowboys! FYI we are in Chicago Thursday night at LaSalle Power Co. $2 Bottled Beers!!
Time for Happy Hour(s) 4-6. $3 Wells and Drafts and small plates to chose from. Stop by after class or after work!
hey girl. How's your leg :(( I saw you hurting on that last race.
If a cop pulls you over for talking on your phone, just tell him you were reporting a drunk driver.
I guess i'm not going to school today.
thank you! :)
Two misguided fools LOL RT : What's the REAL definition of love?
#NowPlaying : Back to Black- Amy Winehouse
We Bought A Zoo is a great movie!
This weekend should be fun! Cant wait.
Just to tired to workout this morning. I'll be training arms after work
Caught Comic Book Men on demand last night. All I can say is, I'm proud as FUCK of you guys Amazing show.
I wish Nicki Minaj would go throw herself off a high bridge so that when she hits the water it feels like concrete
How do 5 gay boys walk ? In one direction . Lmfaoo I was dying when I saw this !
hey I told you that lol
Clint Dempsey has scored again for Fulham! I'm a fan, but it's really cool having Dempsey represent the States!
Worked out just like we planned it. Thanks
Are you now deleting tweets, Hoenisch?
It was a pain to configure all my CS6 apps today with it, upgrading to the Intuos5 was worth it. Now to make most it all summer...
#Lin Ninja Spin in the lane!!!
Memory and/or CPU issues with JS heavy web sites? Try giving it a few minutes to see if things clear up.
o. Awk i thought you were already following me! Haha oh well :p no problem.
rest up. Lots of fluids. Don't forget to eat a little something. Take care.
the "booyah" is part of the inline comment!
Thank you and #GTFishandOyster for an amazing luncheon! Nice to meet you !
crazy but it feels alright! ;) Baby thinking of you, keeps me up all night!
To marry unequally is to suffer equally. Henri Fr<U+FFFD>d<U+FFFD>ric Amiel
Sorry for the delay on prizes! Shipping the stuff from the US to Canada is like $40 a package.
Thank you to our wonderful new followers!
Brown & Jones is certified by the WBENC, the largest third-party certifier of businesses owned and controlled by women in the United States.
Thanks Jon! I really enjoyed getting your perspective. :)
How many of you all say fridgerator? So fuck the re.. Lol
You never think that the last time is the last time. You never think there won't be more. You think you have forever, but you don't.
On Tumblr like a boss.
What about that song tho...what u say? Got A 106 & Park shit!!
yes, got some great sweaters! thanks again
#kids Urban Active Opens Doors FREE in MAY to Public for the 9th Annual Get Active America! Program: Urban Active Opens Doors FREE in MAY...
wait, say what? I thought CJM was...
Sorry to those I sent a message to about someone saying a "bad thing" I got hit with a virus. If you clicked the link, change your password!
People that drive the speed limit don't bitch about speed traps
Best office answer: Jane's mom gained 40 lbs when she had Jane & her twin, Richard :)
Im Hopping he Kicks Some Because on my Neighborhood I go like 5 Broncos Fan! and Im the only Patriots...
We've worked with an NBA team, MLS team & major footwear brand in past month. We'd love 2 work with u! Email
really wish i could come though cause it sounds like fun :) i'll let you know if my plans change :)
stay away bitch
Fried on a stick :P
Happy Monday.... #MarchMadness is in the air. Where are you watching the games?
giving Sally sleeping pills
That's great! We hope new opportunities keep coming your way.
Ah ice cold bottled water.... yay.
Grand Rapids tomorrow(wednesday) @ The Intersection w/ Electric Six! 7pm!
In case you have not heard, the time has come for us to close down This account has served us both well & ill (cf. our archives)
SALMON BLT for only $7.95!! YEEHAA!!! Git on down here now ya hear? Giddy Up!
fuckin have to do yard work its some bullshit
what is with you and the cow furniture today?
i don't have anything on the books from the fifteenth to the seventeenth.should i come there? I wasn't able to get a show
gr8 contribution from Do ur operating budget and add 20%.
I hope one day u will notice me and follow me.
Talk about sexy hair ;)
I'm so sorry! I now have no clue & no confidence in #IMDB which I really hate at the moment
Wow, wish I wouldn't have woken up. Getting amazing sleep tonight
+1 RT #SupportingDH was best panel so far at #dlfforum. Pat yourselves on the back, Emory and NYU folks!
Engage as much as possible.
#cincodemayo this weekend!
is like Trust gets you killed, love gets you hurt, and being real gets you hated.
I bet #ronburgundy is trending.
Uneducated people<<<<<
Whatever words we utter should be chosen with care for people will hear them and be influenced by them for good or ill. - Buddha
This Friday Come Get it In With My Lil Homie
We think you're right in front of us in Blake Carver's session. Look back and to your left.
yeah but think about it. evry team plays this way v barca, theyre obv comfortable w teams doin this. give urslelf a chance, attck
My sister Casey loves so much<3
New CandySwipe FREE game comment in the #android market: "I Love it!" by Katty
Just discovered that George Washington and I shared the same, very specific--you could even say best--height: 6' 1/2".
Anyone have access to a blu ray burner in NYC that can help me out? Need a 6min festival screener made. Thanks.
RT : ty for the invite..ur daughter is cute.. Thank you :)
I don't think selling chicken ona stick in the middle of the dance floor is sanitary.. But I ain't mad lol
SB-066 expanding guardianship assistance program for #COkids in #childwelfare passes out of House Judiciary Committee unanimously
Oh shit. Mad Men is on tonight. How did I forget??
waiting for him to say "What Tar Baby is racist?"
I just cut my first big-girl check to the IRS now that I'm self-employed. THAT WAS LIKE TAKING A BULLET.
Yeah, that's dumb. What's the matter with people?
First meeting tonight
Are their any wide receivers on the market for the Broncos to sign ?
Had just enough tortilla, filling, & salsa to make one last awesome burrito. It is officially a good day.
Attack dropping BMR & estrogen levels with high intensity circuit training & anti-gravity pilates. Don't let age loosen your waistline!!
:( it was just supposed to be a reminder for people to keep themselves from binging, I didn't even make it up!
Paul Pierce is the #TRUTH series all tied-up & home court is stolen baby!!! Time to take that momentum back to #BOSTON #CELTICS ALL DAY!!!!
Halloween with my mom is going to be a blast! I can't wait for all the trick-or-treaters!
So much to do!
Anyone in the US wanna text? DM me :)
thanks it wasnt even that long
I Saw A Nigga With Swag & Realized I'm Looking In Tha Mirror (:
Lol, Claire and I were watching Full House and I had to explain so many things about the 90s to her.
Stage is set for Paramount Open Jam Sponsored by Slick Music Studio come perform tonight Doors open at 6:30 pm Concessions & bar opens at 9
Security guard said happy mothers day to me. Which is sweet. But how did he know I was a mother?
My dad is having a conversation on the phone with the people on the Nike 1-800 number … lol
For our VIP's remember to get your gift certificates via your email update on or before Friday May 4!
Also, toggled between two distinctly different dinner parties, feeling very cosmopolitan, fer shure.
Thanks! We are so happy to hear you found it useful!
. You're welcome! Let's chat at #EDTIS12 ! We're pitching @ Sunday's Innovation Incubator
Yeah go get a thrift store prom bomb & come to the OSCAR PARTY bit.ly/zrJMOr ===> No way! How fun!
is there a way in CS6 to import my keyboard shortcuts from CS 5.5.2?
I don't like homework!
Time and Gems Announces $1,500 Off Rolex for Limited Time
Desperation, tenderness, affection, melancholy playfulness all in one on August 12 during ICA's opening concert at St. Gregory the Great
Dentists ask so many questions!!
Great last workout of 2011. Now to get ready for maxim party!
I don't want to say that I like it. If I do, they will cancel it.
so we'll see how tht all works out :) ... cool when'd you get ur car? Bout time! Ha
Having an anniversary/Mother's Day dinner that may require a three-hour elliptical session. At The County Line.
OMG.....look in the sky!!! It's the superish moon!!!!
I loved Magic as a kid and I'm sure I'll enjoy #TheAnnouncement, but early on here, I'm not sure about having Magic narrate.
“: Martin is so dumb. #NationalSecurity”hahah bro im watching that too! Crackin up!!!
#kids Live shark feedings at Museum of Nature & Science at Dallas Museum of Nature & Science - Science Building, Fri, May 11 11:00a: What...
Yeah... RT : Don't get married, backtalk gets me in trouble al the time.
well done, brilliant!
pleasure. Thanks for reading. ;)
i am hip-hop recording artist precise manager and i just forwarded you the youtube link for his music video "it on me"
WOMEN OF THIS WORLD NO LONGER HAVE STANDARDS FOR THEIR OOCHIE WALLIE! UNTIL Y'ALL REGAIN THAT, U WON'T FIND GOOD MEN! DUH
Facebooked me (Debbie?) or The Ballroom? Either one is.gd
given our lack of depth in the mid i would keep Stephen P especially given his end of year form
RT : PHOTO GALLERY: The Children's Trust unveils Miami Heart Gallery at
There goes my presentation! RT The secret is his twitter pic.
Great stuff! Lots of ways2get the job done but defense MUST b played very high level As a hs coach u must adjust as u know
Did you buy a Mexic-Arte membership on ? Redeem by phone 512 480 9373 x84 if you haven't yet, deal expires 6/23!
thank you & for the RT's! Have a fabulous day!
love notes to your track teammates at ihop
thanks for the edcamp mention. If I send u an email about edcamp, can u send it to all gahanna teachers?
"Oh yes, the past can hurt. But the from way I see it, you can either run from it, or... learn from it." RT if you agree or know who said it
Monday's are Mondays. Also come on out to our show on Thursday at three kings tavern! Well be doing a little acoustic show!
Boiooo, I don't wanna be home :( I'm so sick of Memphis, Tn.... Florida come kidnap me
wait can drive? o.O
Awesome weekend !!! How was urs ???
Some people take a 5 hour energy drink...I take a nap on my sofa at work
Will be in the Hyatt from here on out.
Real friends is all I ask for ~_~
#samsung that superbowl ad was horrible, and I have 2 of your TV's, an android phone, and a galaxy tab ....
Happy Bithday!! P.S. You dont look a day over 35 :-)
“: I don't care if she's large, I'm marrying Adele” so much respect for you right now !
We still have a few Meebo widgets floating around various places too, but at least it keeps on working.
This past Friday the high was 11 and the low was -1. I feel your pain.
Haha, believe it or not, I actually chose working out, because I have now become That Guy. But I believe a glass of wine is next!
i love I do not hide without you!
Pretty sure I'm sitting near Stan Lee at LAX. If not him, it's that guy who does all the cameos in Marvel films. ;-)
I take your point. But isn't there a difference between language and the pre-disposition to acquire language?
Become a friend to the Performing Arts! www.facebook.com/thehillman
THE MIKE!!
Save the Date: PVLA's annual fundraiser is the annual awards ceremony, May 30th after work. Help us #honor #arts #probono!
#SHOUTOUT to the person who's blasting #bithdaycake outside my house! i'm bout to go #twerk on my porch ;)
get a ps3 and you're golden
's up
Where the defense at in this game!!
Thanks a lot, Byron! Your website is really cool!
That's the only Dexter St. Jacques I know. I just don't know about going off with strangers.
is that that Emily Howard?!?!? Are you guys going to Israel????
Finished 2030, thought it was inciteful. Enjoyed the confluence of events and outcomes. Felt sorry for Brad's son, though.
What I hate about pasta is how they change the shape and act like it's a different food
Keynote from Shell highlights scale of energy challenge. Delivering energy to 9 bn ppl -- 3x energy demand by 2050.
Otherworldly LA in winter: green hills like algal bloom, snow-capped mountain crags, no yellow smudged horizon. But, no clouds, either.
Go Packers!!!!!
Question: How do your play development discussions differ from your community development discussions? Are they ever the same?
Wow, possibly the most unprofessional "support/sales" call from any company ever. Well done !
get it together, Martinez.
Campus authentication systems down for +3 hrs. Now been told we all have to logoff PCs at 5pm for ~20min for system reboot. Go home early?
thanks again for rocking it at #SMIATL this weekend! Hope you enjoyed the time in Atlanta.
Thanks for the #FF !
Hornets pick 11th in NBA Draft Lottery. Ah, pooper scooper. Why, why?? LOL
sure me too. But those are contributions ***you*** are making, not things in many of the original texts.
I can smell the hazelnut now!
Who knows what brewpub is being built on the river in the cities soon? Guys are signing the paperwork right now.
I WISH BREAKFAST WAS MADE WHEN I WOKE UP!!!!
Stay outta son way like u drinkin blood
i so get it. abbey and i were wandering aimlessly down the halls of flywheel-since you were away this week
Schedule postings to match the students timeline - yes!
Wishing everyone a Merry Christmas...BELOW THE BRIM loves you all.
My mom just goes "I think you should hook up with You'd have cute babies." Oy.
This weekend is going to be great
Been on a major Against Me! kick lately. Such a fantastic discography, top to bottom.
Psh I hate it here , I jus got back from cali :/ n why u up there ??
A legend, yes but Larry Bird is also pretty damn hideous.
Took a Bucks game off so I can focus on the Milwaukee auditions for American Idol tonight!
For the first time in history the comedian has been compelled to supply himself with jokes and comedy material to compete with the machine
I haven't seen you in a forever. Then I get on Twitter & the 1st thing I see is you promoting. No hi or anything. smh lol
so how about that new song? Haven't even heard it and I know it's the fucking bomb diggity! Rt?
what is your goal and are you using any support for obtaining it?
Chicago has gone from snow to 60+ back down to 40 and is headed for snow -- all in a week.
RIO ready to fade everyone lmaooo
Happiest of birthdays, !
Loved Stephen Paling's study; wondering if more e-literature is out there being read but people just aren't calling it "literature"?
and then a bomb blew up the building where they were having the party so they would be dead and I wouldn't have to watch this shit
RT : So, DO tell, ideas for High Alititude #TNI tomorrow?!
no clue what that means?
I wonder how much less valuable Marcum would be if managers were smart enough to bat righties against him.
RT Dear Alcohol, will you be my valentine?
im really not sure... Lol maybe someone reported me idk?? At 1st I thought its was the network till I realized I can get on
... I am going a re-write on my script, "IT'S FORBIDDEN", for producer Jonathan Venguer, & working on my live comedy act.
and says doesn't have to be an either-or.
RT I have a script due tomorrow, and I just finished. Overshare: I am dancing a jig in my Converse and underwear. Too cute.
Just got off the phone with them. Private tours are a minimum of $90 and $6/person for each over 15. 5:30 on the 6th is open.
Full Sailors, now serving 's until 6. Then stay for Faculty 3D Art Show in FS4B. Be there or be square.
Don't forget to come by #EvolveDiscovery's booth #222 for a change to win an #iPad2!
1/2 price taps and slices until 5pm. Come on down to CRISP!
Thanks guys! It's always better the second time, anyway! Have a great week.
haha, that's why I think the whole thing is a little silly ... but I guess plastic surgeons have to earn $ too ;)
supernatrual is my favorite show
I don't want another pretty face, I don't want just anyone to hold. I don't want my love to go to waste, I want you and your beautiful soul
Just got done eatin with the fam :)
Alright we get it. You all like weed and are very stereotypical concerning its use.
I know when I get a job and when I'm older, I'm making it routine to donate to something once a month.
Saints rep, "Goodell is judge, jury & excecutioner in NFL. Teams cannot view evidence or defend themselves, only wait and discover fate."
If you have plumbing problems don't call first choice plumbing. Everyone on their softball team is an ass hole.
Thanks again!
I wanna fuck him.
reminds be a bit of Minas Tirith from #lotr Really geeky of me to say that...
if he ever disrespects you. Tape to a wall. Id love to see that xD
#foodie Sushi at the Hibachi Grill in WSP was very tasty. I've discovered to my surprise, late in life, I like sushi muchly
Firefox crashed, all my tabs closed, and now I have no idea what I was doing yesterday.
please tell me you'll frequently cut into the game to show #Tebow tomrow. I'll be on flight stuck w Jets Eagles...
I wish that I had brought my scale with me.
I HAVE been to NJ. Any place with farms, trailor parks, accents, .
did u see my picture ... i cut my hair
You're going to love owning the ! Congrats!! It's worth every penny.
Hi, if you've sent me over 10 messages on Facebook and I haven't responded, I probably don't want to talk to you/know who you are. Thanks
Good win tonight #Celtics Nation! Couldnt go to sleep any happier c's advance & lakers losing.... Off thiss
thank god for DVR. date with my couch & Mad Men
My Name KD In Lots Of Hoods Fck Da Opps I Want Em Gone 4 Good He Want 2 End Ma Life I Gotta Arizona,Skittle Pack,And Hood
Ha! I just read that about 5 min ago! Thanks for keeping my crush's back. :)
U>S>A> Shout Out Maughan
-That Paso was PHENOMENAL!! You two nailed it!!
God Night Alex!!!! I love you (:
“: Disappointed by the absence of or any local brew at the ”// agree
oh well paige is this girl that always gets to hang out with JB and shes fake,i cant really explain it but yah
Going to sleep because I have nothing else better to do.
how do we sort this out given the multitude of rhetorical contexts we are asking students to engage?
It's a funny thing that when a man hasn't anything on earth to worry about, he goes off and gets married.-Robert Frost
I love you more thoe! ahah
Thanks for the retweet! All the best!!
Follow me xox
Thanks for the recent follows! , , , , ,
Don't matter who wins in the NFC, ain't nobody seeing the Ravens. Y'all know that's the truth.
Had a great time with my kids last night. Really fun!
laugh track has to go, but the first 4 mins were so insufferable, I'll never watch again = moot. You're funny, show isn't.
Should I head to Uncommon Grounds now or give up and go drink margaritas?
I could be swayed either way on the breast-snack "Time" cover. It all really depends on what music was playing during the photo shoot.
Look fwd to final #tcbsm4hr sessions by but in withdrawal tomorrow
Um yes. This is *not* optional.
thanks for the follow! ;)
Billingsly getting hit hard this inning... this aint the Padres. Sad face.
Thank you :)
RT: Take this shot girl dont be scared girl put on for yo team!
no,no you said there gonna lose
The "Got Milk?" campaign was successful among English-speakers in the U.S., in Spanish, the slogan translated to "Are you lactating?"
Keep it FRESH Friday! <U+270C>
good afternoon followers wat it do
Oh man... #gluten-free cupcakes at in #Ballard!
Thank you Barbara Brainard From Stoel Rives for a Great Presentation
Walked into a diner for a coffee and Paramores "Riot" album was on blast.
RT I coulda sworn I was going 2 DC 2 get a CPAP. Guess u have a few more months of hearing me breathe loud on TV
Planning family meals for the week so hubby can shop 2morrow. Thinking lentil soup w/ minted yogurt, what else?
Have a wonderful New Years!
#blacknativity2010. Don't miss it.
Welcoming #Politico White House reporter to #UMW today for meetings with media and presidency students.
The anguish of being between books. Purgatory.
Text RT : No one likes texting back now. :/ someone text me! Hurry. Lol
what's this plan of yours?
Thanks, Brother Wilker - that's perhaps the greatest thing anyone's ever called me!
Dear phone, I drop you. I say i hate you. I throw you. I lose you. I forget about you .. but I couldn't live without you.
i aint see any black cats today, so im cool!
i think im gonna be sick
There's always a way.
what a lame cry for attention. At least I tried... Boo hoo, brother.
Looking for a Valentine's Day party and came across a bar w beer pong!
Now it's suck up time! I'm really not trying to buy it
“: Happy Friday everyone! Tonight we have Celtic Tenors, and this Sunday, Macbeth! Join us!” Ok! Well for tonight at least.
as the payout gets bigger, change to risk/reward ratio seems to increase our willingness to be taxed in that way.
i don't even know what happened..i literally passed out at 10:12..i'm sorry
The anticipation is killing me. Omfg I need that letter.
#SkillsOnAThugsResume Bitch-slapping.
DONT BE A FOOL OVER and OVER.....
thank God....I'm intrigued...
lol fml if these birds had phones ... They be at stopnshop gettin there feathers ruffled #Champion #stopnshop still loud
Weirdest. Family Guy. Ever.
Safe sex is great sex, better wear a latex 'cause you don't want that late text, that "I think I'm late" text Heh-heh, so wrap it up ;]
Don't forget today is the last day to sign up for build day! Come to UC 316 for sign ups :)
very cool - I will plan on seeing you there on Weds and we can work out the details about maybe 4/11. Looking forward to it!
:'( Nobody wants to talk to Bretana? D': <U+2665>Bretana<U+2665>
RT When someone's being a jerk to me and my hands are in my pockets I am flipping them off. Feels good.
phat mixing flavor. Good work Andrey.
I know has been working on something. Don't have specific dates yet. You'll be the first to know when we do :)
Vietnamese, Burmese, East African, Cambodian, Middle Eastern and the list goes on. Representation should not be race based.
“:Thank you for following me. Do you have tips on finding good resumes if you are the interviewer?” LinkedIn is great place to go!
oh my god ily
Thankful to live in interesting times. There's nothing cursed about the desire for liberty.
Love to hear about the collaboration between and #ROI conversations make me happy.
Let's go giants!!!!
isnt this the tryout where we play a quick game and its done or do you think we do drills again
#launchpad for shoulder voices
And live on radio tonite! RT : Babes, boobs and blood. Our friend went backstage for Salome....
I have to give props for excellent customer service. One of the many reasons it's been my preferred card for 15+ yrs.
What's the total no. downloads thus far? Usability testing/evaluative studies being conducting in conjunction with the app?
I love you, I study you, I know you like the back of my hand, I see you as my next breath, You are always on my mind... Acting is my life.
Our friend is new to twitter so welcome her! #FF actress !
Word. I always have to watch a comedy after. RT : I really need to learn to stop watching The Walking Dead before bed.
-______- you suck balls
For those Fla. library tweeps who just attended the CCLA Talking Tech on Twitter & Google+, - may I mention something else? Tumblr. Love it.
: okay, I think that's fine. I wonder what our tweet totals are since we talk to each other here.
My poor little Fi. I hope she gets better soon and I hope you can get some sleep. xo
Getting over a persistent cold! Thinking about seeing the Terminator movie. Has gotten mixed reviews, probably should just write. We'll see.
I love Grey Gardens!
I don't know. I want to.
Sometimes I need to think like a 7-year old and follow my instincts
haha want me to grab her boob! Dude, we were whispering also.
That is a broken ankle folks... Chris Redman for the rest of the year...
Day 3 of operation new water heater.
#occupyportland protester decides to leave protest for
890 followers! 10 more and ill have 900!! :D
Emotions are not something you just play with
gibbons is sick too!
Hi all..sorry I'm so late but had to pop in to say "HOWDY!"
LOL...he totally is...Joe Walsh needs some pie in his face :-)
and you?
Journalist wants 2 profile me 4 biz mag re: self-made millionaires. Editor says no cuz I write clit lit. Score another 1 for #misogyny !
Thanks! 4 the mention! : Always getting my hair cut! At by ! Go see him!
Blackhawks are winning and Bulls v. Celtics starts at 8:30. Get here for $5 belvedere cocktails and $5 makers mark.
Tonight - Present: #HIGH-FIVE-THURSDAYS Featuring DJ Nick Hoagn (Hulk Hogan's Son) Let's Do it !
Do ignorant people that aren't mormon disgust you?
no, this'll be Texas, as this is where we both live. An early June morning is not that hot...as you should know in Alabama!
Me me me!! I love this show!! ": #DuckDynasty tonight, who's excited?!"
One more amazing day of the Heartland Worship Institute. Wow!! Today...Kent Henry, Bob Sorge, Brent Anderson, Morris Chapman, PFOR and more!
DYK? Rev. Al Sharpton- Civil Rights Activist and President of the National Action Network is a Sigma ...Happy Founders Day
Frankie's cool summer WHITE SANGRIA. 2 for 1 tonite from 5-8pm. So tasty we can't make it fast enough
OK, the appearance of the Christopher Guest ensemble just redeemed this a little bit.
Bounce that ass ass ass ass ass.!! ;D
If I could ask any glee character to Dane it'll be (:
#NeverShouldYouEver say SWAG...unless you mean it haha
Not just Asterix POV: New research: CMO's & CIO's must embrace shared view of customer to deliver a compelling #brand experience
“ “ If your weave doesn't move with you , take it out””
Lebron's really gonna have to step his game up if they wanna beat the Mavs on Sunday
Same here. I have severe linguistic difficulties when it comes to meeting strangers now, but no time!
would like to know too! RT : What's a decent finish time for a 5K beginner?
Got this new Evo HTC 4g from sprint ...and I got my daughter one too....this phone is Ok UNBELIEVABLE!!!
dreamt about N.Gingrich last night. i was wife 17. Me and my sister-wives were occupying the White House. thanks a lot !
So guess what i found out today?! My mom told me i was born on 11:11<33 Follow Please?(:
No, I'm not the same.
Come see Molly Wood, Avanti Cafe and Susan van der Roest speak this Saturday at the Dream Home lecture series!
love that you are doing this. You should do a post-pesach theme beer to end the Holiday with!
ha! So much for keeping a low profile!
Mormon Tabernacle Choir concert at A different crowd than Suns games!
So true! (Mom of 2) RT : Birth is the only time when you cry and your mother smiles.
well hello!
Tonight Dreamkiller with Rivals, East Coast Secondaries, The Dismissed and The Morning Guns at Canal Club Doors @ 7:30pm
I was called a *&%$$head by a very famous Rock Star. "Not that one you shi& head," wrong accordion
Gomez must be feeling better. He's stopped taking so many pitches and is getting picked off again.
Today I will be recovering. So tired. But it was an amazing night :)
You know I try to remain as objective as possible when it comes to elections. Personal reasons should in my opinion never enter the equation
Justin Is Sexy And He knows It(: finally, a trend that is TRUE<33 hehe
Nice work, Justin. Crystallizes some things for me. Have you got resources that exemplify the "Orient" stage?
When you need a second opinion, it's not good. This trade is on the verge of being disastrous, totally on Cashman.
I'm tryna touch your eardrums. Follow me!
"be explicit, concise, catchy and shareable on Twitter"
thanks! glad you like it :) i think im gonna head of to bed now lol, 3:16 and im kinda falling asleep! by fellow roden fan <3
Stupid #amtrak #hiawatha - delay!!!
that's probably the best option haha
Hi andrew <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
I just finished a 1.93 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
No pain no gain
Considering you have missed the last 3, that's about right!
bye alexis. im a jerk. im an asshole. i get it. im a douchebag but i have feelings. just bye. i love you. but now? bye.
NO! its not tha same(:
Um yeah I think I have been...
How can BLA represent the province when they r a minority even with complete support of who they claim 2 represent ?
forget it, its at 6 and ends around 7.
We've got all the cheesecake bites you need to celebrate National Cheesecake Day! This could be Swirly's favorite day of the year.
The Librarian from the Black Lagoon by Mike Thaler: Don't mess with the Laminator!
no doubt miss! you dope as fuck
A high post split is a good way to get an open shot for a shooter if you lack ideas in a timeout.
Baby Emerald will be here soon :,)
"Old Beliebers loved the old Justin. New Beliebers love the new Justin. TRUE BELIEBERS, love him no matter what." AMEN TO MY TRUE BELIEBERS
MEMPHIS BUSSINESS WE NEED TO TALK ASAP!!!!
Spending the day cleaning house washing clothes and ironing. Next weekend is Ky Beef Expo!!
I know It's a long shot but I need burress to kill it tomorrow
Our bikram class this morning REALLY helped with Lana's stiff neck and my sore biceps!
Gonna go party it up nao w/ Erika, David, & Jake. I love you guys <3
duff mckagan's new Book, is Way cool !!
continuing my #writingsurvey - How early do you begin your creative process?
See why eco-friendly swimwear is making a splash this summer!
"Diligent hands will rule but laziness ends in slave labor"
Sorry, unfortunately Crispin did not make this cut.
I do enjoy Abilene, and those wonderful people! Hope I can go back there someday... with YOU!
yea i am so where his bday shoutout
Cupcake Vineyards Red Velvet Cake for tonight's wine...down.
I'm bored so don't judge me on what I tweet right now. And I can't go outside like I said because its raining.
hey cheers to the weekend!
yeah lol. Cool.
Health & Wellness Fair today! The police dept brought "beer goggles". I had them on for less than 10 sec and am still dizzy. Effective demo!
oh yeah I know it was just hilarious. Dave & I do that too!
taylor issues :D!
cards are on their way, send us some your way! we look forward to your tweets!
"Slut!" "What?!" "Oh good, you know your name"
Come on, who's kidding who, R would never agree to a Dem budget even when the dems had 60, Liberman would have voted with R
Who Wants To Marry ? ;) I Know I Do <3
Aw, thanks!
The feelings of love are mutual nowadays
nah she dumped him. But she took a damn long time to do it >.>
"The Babysitter's Here" just came up on shuffle. #mondaymorningtears, amiright, ?
Best of luck to you! I know those can get pretty stressfull!
Home Depot defies basic laws of people-physics on a nice Saturday in May.
Me and you versus the world, is only the plan, i know it get rough but i'm doing all that i can
You're welcome. You have already become a great part of our team Thank you for being awesomet!
I am so happy to see this city excited about the Pacers again!
Thanks for the follow. :)
That moment when you hear a song that immediately zaps you back to the past. In The Shadows: The Rasmus, used to OVERPLAY in college. Damn.
Right on! Thx!
Thanks for sharing the sushi spread! Good luck on the gig tonight!
And now the award for trying to hard goes to...the
Insulin reactions while living alone are scary as shit.
love your music! I wanted to enter the contest to support you but I live in Los Angeles, you should come to America soon!
Training pic looked like your were East of Tappanzee. What's your route? I'd like to change from Nyack and back.
lol! Yeah we need to set up an intervention for her. She was high on Alpo x)
What good is a sportsDoc if he can't keep the most popular local TV sports anchor back in the game?? Glad you're back in action!
We are formed and molded by our thoughts. Minds that are shaped by selfless thoughts give joy when they speak or act.
Chilling with my ace aka my better half... {Muahh} Just watching whatevers on tv and listening to music..
The best intentions paved the road to my devilish behavior
Courtroom sparse -- stark contrast from Friday crowd for Gov. Patrick. Some family members, four reporters, sketch artist.
a productive day with many new insights!
: PD2.0 has been understood as new broadcast media. Not a way to listen
One of my favorite movies
got ya. You know any designers?
account hacked today - i changed my password, hopefully to stop this! sorry
right?!?! I feel like a princess(:
hahah not creepy at all that you put your location and honestly don't think I can ima bout to crash!
finally got the internet!! yay!!
Hello Paul have a Blessed Day!
Can't complain...trying to wrap up recruiting/scheduling. You guys ready for the A-Sun debut?
I want to know the persons IQ who votes a GOP candidate. I'll bet everything I own Santorum voters have the lowest.
today: getting a wet suit and new bike :-D so happy!
- - I'm listening to #KatyPerry, leave me alone. Lol.
how about NOT talking about sex for even one episode....or at least talking about it like he's a man and not a boy!
good thing yall ( ur a dawg) have a pee wee schedule this year & somehow dropped sc as sec opener...
this is true, but its more of me commentating what i think my cat thinks/says to me lol
Have you ever popped champagne on a plane While gettin' some brain? Whipped it out, she said, "I never seen snakes on a plane"
Follow me please:D FOLLOWED!!
yeah man I'm like half way done with it
# ImTheTypeOfBoyfriend that will never lie cheat or hurt you. I say I love you when I mean it. And my only job is to make you happy
tehehe:) babe!! But dont make them think were lesbos!
Hearing old Entombed and thinking of you //cc
In class with my friends Bored as heck Cant wait for the 2012
And the helicopter is back - closer to my house....#Silver Spring
SEC refs are horrendous
Creeping on Facebook and added a friend off of someone's friend list on accident....
Working on the new system with the great Chuck Bartok .
Man some of yal hoes need to shut up and go do something productive.
I thought so lol k good
Had 2 people ask me if I was wearing #makeup.... I'm flattered. I'd like to thank my mother for the great genes =)
RT : cant wait for #MIAMIFASTLIFE that ish bangs.. #MFL You Already Know!
and National Geographic!!!!!
looks horrifying
"If I had to select one quality, one personal characteristic that I regard
UNREAL. Rangers tie it with 7 seconds left
A road trip sounds like fun right now. Where to go??
Been slacking on my tweets but that's what happens when I'm busy :) live this life. Every. Single. Minute. Of it.
way to go!!
I am imagining the hilarity of a fist fight - Paul v. Paul
ik I been trynna call you
No way, you knew this could have been overturned. Sets bad precedent going forward to let you keep. The deadline was the deadline.
Are You Gunna Miss Sarah When You Gunna Be Home Schooled Next Year?
Coach Frank Hall is a HERO!
I LOVE YOU. you are amaaaaazzzzzinnggggg. hope you had a good day! xx can you possibly follow me? x
Failure is not an option it's a choice.
is fucking hot an doesn't give a fuck. Follow him. BITCHES!!!!
too worn out... gonna sleep too good
#Shopping for #inexpensive #vegetables- found #LOTS at the #99 Cent store VERY #affordable!
“: Got a great shoe shine from Thanks...” The pleasure was all ours! Thanks for visiting us at
amen! You read my mind... I was rocking them last night my friend!!! When are you getting a pair???
The Zenith MiniSport (1989) was the only computer to ever use a 2-inch floppy drive.
Could you not call me 8x's in a row
More like a voice to the pajamas!
Playing scene it!
Like our library? Like its page! H. Furlong Baldwin Library, Maryland Historical Society
Raise one today for Christopher Hitchens. I already miss you, Dude.
So glad you like the jewelry. Thanks for mentioning us. Don't forget to get your orders in for
omg,i have a nightmare.damn.shit!!!!!!HUH NOT SLEEP AGAIN
HEY EVERYONE, BAKERS KEYBOARD LOUNGE IS CLOSED TONIGHT, WE WILL NOT PERFORM!
man i want some damn waffles.....ihop run......
Whose excited for 's Birthday this Saturday?!(:
You know it :)
First amendment offered by Rep. caps public's liability for costs overruns. Also looks to siphon naming rights.
Just came across something that claimed to be "truer than ever before". Bad ad copy leads to pondering the existence of gradations of truth.
Chillen, getting ready for the night out <3
- agreed, morning set woulda been perfect.
Have you registered for the Publix Georgia marathon & Half Marathon this coming Sunday? Glenn will always stand by you!
Somebody just put Tatu's "all the things you said" on the jukebox. #Really?
im down to work im available and sag. :)
: overtakes ESPN as No. 2 sports site on ComScore. to celebrate w/ burger w/ all the works at The Counter! :-)
Looking for some good new music. Any suggestions?
I always love when my Swedish best friend mangles an expression. It's "I'm at fault" not "I'm in fault."
I do it out of the kindness of my heart
thanks, totally understand UNFOLLOWING have a great weekend
#NPinDSE A Tribe Called Quest - Footprints
First week working at Oppenheimer & I'm loving it.
Basketball wives in 5 min.
Are you speaking of an organized life?...Or, the power of order?
aren't all his shows full of joy and one-ness?? lovely, eh??
sure did, I'm hiding in the office getting some work done. I'll stop out and say hi before you leave.
A.D.D lml
The one constant through all the years has been baseball.
Horse call!!! Yes I am at it again!! Free session for a Horse! Anyone in Bedford Township area have horses or horse farms or horse rescue?!!
Dont hate on no 1 u can get what u want out of Life its takes hardwork. Like the person u hating on work hard like them DONT HATE.
sorry i meant jlovea
I can't wait.
loool ! How yah guh kill mi? Am too far a baayyy :p
I'm looking for thoughts on the title 'Jacko's Wild Ride' ??? What does it say to you???
"How much are you selling the bridge for?"
it's on lifetime right now!
Wow! So proud of you guys for getting to perform at Madison Square Garden! So amazingly cool! Knock 'em dead :)
hey did i see you somewhere this week? O_o
He who acteth, placing all actions in the Eternal, abandoning attachment, is unaffected by sin as a lotus leaf by the water.
Today I am reminded that by the time a man realizes that maybe his father was right, he usually has a son who thinks he's wrong.
So true! The process takes so long that approved sw/hw is outdated when it's ready to deploy. Needs to be faster!
Just had sex
The beauty of a woman must be seen from her eyes because that is the doorway to her heart, the place where love resides
WE hope to see you soon!
Legal tip: The first thing a debtor needs to do is complete credit counseling within 180 days of filing the bankruptcy petition.
Thank you for
Twiggy the water skiing squirrel? Come on This is #Atlanta. Isn't there an apartment fire somewhere?
Just saw a Mad Men teaser that starts with "Red is Back" and shows Joan. Oh Yeah! Can't wait for March 25.
19 year old Iphone #hacker claims he has been hired by #apple the very company products he hacked.
Uke just said giants fans are the whiniest fans baseball. "They start before they get in the park."
So glad to hear it :-)
Wishing you a wonderful weekend take care
* iNeed Me A White Girl
Sixth #whitepowder investigation in two weeks going on now at Marquam Plaza Bldg on SW 4th and Sheridan, DT #PDX. Police, fire on scene.
Saw The in IMAX 3D last night. The long set-up is worth all the action. Mark Ruffalo is the best Bruce Banner/Hulk yet.
i did justin!
I am TIRED
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: The Texas Attorney General Child Support Division offers free child support services to Texas residents.
Wisdom and compassion should be our guiding principles in life.
happy birthday!(:
I can't wait.
Frosty suburbs, all a memory by afternoon. Awesome afternoon weather. HIGH: 66. Tomorrow sunny & turning windy. HIGH 68.
Aquarium with my dad...that I haven't seen/talked to since before christmas...
Just got home from school now getting food!! :)
Made us all believe we can fly! congrats Jermaine!
One lucky follower is going to win a beer tab for Hop on Top @ Wolski's!!!! Please retweet :)
who got you all thirsty like that?
It's cool! Did you get your new phone yet?
We destroyed Lake City tonight! Thanks so much to for coming to the show at the Shanty Tavern!
And amusement parks are for grownups too!
Another rainy day in Boston - good day to record!
then seriously leave me alone and don't be rude to me or also messing with my friend NO!!BYE
being relatively new to the field, I would say digital history. More specific
Life is not political.
Calamari beachhouse bradenton beach, fogged in but fun
Thanks for the #FF but and I were connected as one user...haha.
It's a mystery to me. It really is. I hate coercion in the classroom, so I don't have attendance policies. So, it's easy to do
manners and etiquette LEARN
Hmm...ask you parents what you can do for them? Just a thought. ; )
LS: the records kept at Monticello provide an unsurpassed record of the work of enslaved people.
oh...I'm not mad...I'm laughing. Out loud!
Asking the touch questions! RT : Q2: ..our problem is becoming that we aren't hiring the best but we are hiring WHO we know
we'll be announcing it pretty soon!
Got 4 quality pgs in the #writingsprint. I'm totally in for another one @ the top of the hr
KNIGHTHAWKS GOAL! Point gets the feed from Jamieson for the hat-trick!
Does anyone have the movie apacalypto? (Spelling)
Titan is very good, too. My weakness is Artopolis up the street.
Looking at fonts, waitin' for something cool to happen
Blahsay Blah... He Say, She Say, Oh My God Shut The Fuck Up!
“ I sleep too much. Parents complain. I don't sleep enough. Parents complain. I don't see a way to win here”
Sitting in a packed auditorium getting ready to listen to a speaker and wishing I was on a bike instead.
EPTI going BIG!!!
Off to scarf down some valentine's day sushi from that fancy place up the street.
In celebration of Earth Day, ask Select Floors Inc. about sustainably harvested engineered hardwood flooring for your home!
is sexy
Go Bears!
pretty sure you could wear anything and look good.
That joke is so mainstream. I liked it before it was funny.
Researchers develop system to help prevent construction accidents and materials falling from buildings
Who is the Lone Aardvark's faithful Indian companion?Tanto
(high five!)
I'm rethinking my color palette.
thank you!
It's like I'm coming up for air and your hand is never there. And it hurts like hell.
Fun night with They're cooking up some great new tunes.
Salumi was delicious. I still think they've kinda lost a little something as they became a victim of their own popularity. Not as good...
When you have unexpected glitches and things aren't going well, how do you react to that emotional response?
Thanks for the RTs and mentions!
Tonight @ 8pm--The Sounds of Ama Chandra To Warm A Chilly Night.
Does one have to pay royalties to Adobe for the use of Flash?
Day 1...let the Madness begin! #BBN <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
10?! I thought you were supposed to get 14!
I've been roped in for Dirty In Pink, the last one I participated in didn't go so well... Who doesn't love 2nd chances. #BikePubCrawl+Capes
So I've decided to start P90X today. My goodness that's hard!
The last 11 minutes of this game are going to be a lot of fun to watch.
when i'm mad and on facebook i start declining all the event invitations i have
Leah I'm a #BIG #FAN of you please tweet me back asap your really pretty
your a G. could not of said it better myself!
Don't type zerg rush into google
so much for the diet huh!!! Survival good smh
Trying too hard for a person who doesn't care is like talking to a deaf person who can't hear
Nothing but wretched: Friday afternoon flght (#1924) on
you have to come home though...
Just Had Some Coffee..That Woke Me Up ^O^
Happy Star Wars Day! May the fourth be with you! :-) Sorry but gonna miss #HFchat Work getting in the way. :-(
u go jarod get rid of that pussy!
Book Club tonight and then catching up on my #Revenge!
56 hours of labor, I'm finally an uncle!!! Beautiful #baby girl.
I like the Friday idea.
Took today off. It was a good idea. Until tomorrow. Then I'll hate myself.
Birth control pills relieve menstrual pain - Food Consumer
A United Arab Emirates naval officer has been acquitted of charges he kept an unpaid servant in his Rhode Island home.
oh yeah. i heard a couple at broom street, i think. they're so talented.
Seriously NY you could have welcomed me with better weather
There are a lot of scantily dressed people at #Coachella who are very, very cold
so i started doing my hair but im too tired so i only did half lol.. gn
Can my taco come in a Dorito shell?
Big trouble in little China in my pants!
I am not happy that Falk might be running. We can do better.
Tampa entourage headed to Sanford for Trayvon Martin rally. "He is our son," they said on their way out.
I knew that was intentional grounding, even before they said it.
LOL. OH DEAR LORD.
Arguing with 3 year olds is fruitless.
Let's go cowboys
#SallyDraper will either become a coked-out high class escort or our first woman president. No mid-ground.
AH we must meet them this time. STALK MODE :D
Need to get another date with Jubilee in!
"That should be enough time to sober up before work" is now my new catch phrase
Ladies you can host a catalog party for Pure Romance if you don't want to have one at your house. Still get all the perks! DM me for details
I'm so glad they won tonight. 4 in a row!!
Typing this essay <<<<<<<
I'm not sure I like the way this bullpen is being used. ;-)
Just completed Mixer at 2-1-1 San Diego w/ Supervisor Greg Cox and a few hundred chamber members.
Poor City comtains three dedications: Roger McGuinn, Susan Alcorn and Terry Riley
Jackie Brown was a lot of fun
Hooray! I was able to get all my thousands of photos and videos off of my defective phone SD card. Thinking of switching to an iPhone now.
Obligatory done with college/finals/work tweet
Bye byyyeeee, Independent Study...it's been real!
S/o To My New Follower :)
It's hard for me to believe a guy will hold on when the one I loved let go after I held in ;( it would of been 5 months yesterday
are you F'ing kidding me, this whole time you have work?! #geeeetthefuuuuckouuuuttahere!!!!!!
I just want to go home...
Gonna log off for the night<33
Voted for your show - it looks great!!
Spurs game, Mosely & Mayweather......night full of kicking ass!!!
I wanna travel and eat different kinds of foods!!!!
Fact: sometimes air pollution, wind and bright light can irritate our eyes and cause them to burn, dry, or tear up.
Can we go see the Avengers soon!! I think I should come to MKE this weekend.
Brand New r00lz
Disenfranchise an entire generation and this is what results. The window breakers ARE the point, they don't have a point.
Megatron coming off a career year and Madden Cover is almost a perfect storm to underachieve......take it to the bank!
Find someone who will change your life, not just your relationship status.
is speaking at TEC tomorrow on Mobile Dev Options (Web vs. Native vs. Cross-Platform). I have free tix for corp IT folks
A1: What has changed is the sheer number of products & services available to consumers
. I'm writing an article on your move for and was hoping I could speak to volunteers or staff about this?
yupp!! Haha I'm homeschooled and proud of it :)!!
I'm being dead ass and Natacha playing -.- lmfao
Want to follow our two supporting roles on twitter? Julia Warner or Theo Mahony
I wish I actually went to bed hen I told people I was going to bed... I would get so much more sleep.
I know lol!!
JONAS BROTHERS ARE LEGENDS, REAL TALENT !
Listening to Pandora (Camel radio) working on a new site. Do you need help with your website?
I honestly hate nipples .
not mine :(
Wake me up in a hour.
A super cool person The president of the company thinks she is wonderful !!
you're right. A great group. cc
Slow first half.
To Put The Use,Now and I to The Bad"))
Also can I get a resource for ambient sounds? For educational purposes! Editing a commercial. Do you have any advice ?
the City - The Game feat Kendrick Lamar
He maketh me to lie down in green pastures: he #leadeth me beside the still waters.
People do some stupid shit.
she's tough!
Feeling good today
next thing youll be telling me is dropping money on big names and talking smack dont make games magically appear.
The Shondes & tonight in Tucson! Show starts <U+200E>7:00PM!!!
Woorking w/ feelings get you
A night out in the city tonight. :)
Nice! Good stuff! Thought for sure Burton had made that one up. Good to know he was drawing on an actual source.
With that last tweet I will now be unfollowing Jack Walz.
aww lol! I did! But we didn't get out much in Survival School. ; ). U guys are hottest ski destination in country! Nice!
I cannot wait for tomorrow morning! Not leaving my bed & SVU al day on my day off!
Nashville...MKE admirals are the minor league team for them
#Shoutout To the nigga that let me go! lol
RT : Hot Tips on how to use safe cleaning products in your home PLUS how to make your own natural cleaning products....
Tired...Hot....and need energy right now to make it through the rest of the day!! Coffee just isn't doing it
#lockup cutting yr self tho there's better ways to coop with yr problems come on read or write , yr so much better than that
and go for some good one direction, or course (:
well its over now so no :P
Smooth, responsive powertrain - The Car Connection
Just watched "Boss" easily the best new show (of last year). Surprised no one's mentioned it before.
Basketball twitter is best twitter.
(That's the new opinion on the Wire Act--that it only applies to sports betting.)
I love laying down on my carpet!
phone books are so analog....
I don't know mean suggest :) but maybe i am going to hardworking... At the weekend
I told myself at noon I was going to do the dishes. I can't see them from my bed ;)
Now this argument just gone
Early journal content became avail. for free ending in 1923 for the us and 1870 for everyone else
just copy and paste the link
Good morning! Hope everyone had a great holiday weekend. We are preparing for our next TBRI® training next week. Will you be there?
No sleep = not good, owell I had fun
**Looking for Senior Accountants with strong corporate consolidations experience! Great company, great pay and lots of growth opportunity!!…
Hope everyone had or is having a great spring break!
can you tweet me just once. i seriously love you and that would probably make my life. <3 :)
Just made that math test my bitch. Hooray!
Thank you for following!
Need a pick-me-up? It's Willy Wonka Wednesday at Baruch! Stop by the 2nd floor of the VC and grab some candy from the friendly USG members.
Twitter is 2 picks ahead of ESPN...
you bet! See you there!
for shame, Pete. You don't even gave a bio. I looked to see if nimoy was your other follower... Sigh... Not meant to be. ;-)
Kurt, Iowans *do* dance...just not that well! Ha ha! Hello from a fellow Panther alum (c/o 1998)...great job on DWTS! Woo hoo!
Blasted through some work! 7am and I already feel happy and productive. Let's see if I can keep this up for 12+ hours. :)
Love 's shirt. Such a great gesture for his team!
#kobe cracks me up haha 3 people open and a 70 % chance to make it.
of course
I literally just spit my water. Lmao.
I remember a year ago today waking up in the middle of the night to the disastrous news. God bless Japan.
I'm tweeting times for Kerry Ann Poznanski in real time on race day. Courtesy of
Make sure you are following You don't wanna be left out ha
Wanna play in the snow with me?
about to get this money
enjoy! And bring some new info back to
LOL. seriously. It didn't help that I had hardly any sleep last night!
triste is having bbys plus u went to lay down
when I the Pittsburgh show this year?
Question: Do you have an iPad, and if so, do you use it for therapy?
#thingsIcanthave OhioState. When I see that red I turn into a fucking bull
is trying occupy herself by listening to DMB while she cleans but it's now working. ..
I adore The "I Love You Song" In Spelling Bee. It is why I wanted The role of Olive. I hope the audience is with it! Guts On The stage.
Real Estate Marketing - Why Almost Everyone Gets it Wrong | Bizmeds: I don't care how great your product is, how..
I want to see Inception again. One of the best films I've seen in a long time. And it is now my mission to get to work with C. Nolan soon.
Just saw the TMZ bus tour on Melrose. Wish I was on it!
You told me it would be sunken in you Chicken did you know your tastes change and cilantro doesn't taste so much like soap at all.
We need Obamacare!
who am i kidding, everybody is crazy.
#HillerHelps - Post-Nuptial Agreements - can protect family businesses from being taken over by an aggressive spouse.
Sorry didn't see this! Could have <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>RT : can you get anyone else in?? Lol
Brown eyes entice me unlike any other tho
just testing out
if I see Jesus...I'm shooting that zombie in the fucking head, twice.
RT ": People are with you until they stop getting what they want" >>
Fat City Lofts environmental lawyer said this residential mixed-use project is 900 feet away and this is far enough.
Can not freaking wait to spend Sat night and all day Sunday with !!!
Officer up on his grillzzz..
#ThingsThatINeed are you and I together <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009F>
Separating sentience from human consciousness, Shaviro quotes Wittgenstein: "If a lion could speak, we couldn't understand it."
Action is the foundational key to all success.
My moms be trippin like shit
Alice Walker, American author, poet & activist won Pulitzer Prize for fiction with her novel "The Color Purple" on this day in 1983
Easier to teach what you learned 5 minutes ago than what you learned 20 years ago - you remember what it's like not to know it.
FM Transmitter - Web Tools
going to video some background footage for the prez' vid
#BiggestTurnOff players and smokers.... :p
So ready for the #smash finale tonight... <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B5>
where in you area do you see medical cannabis obtained?
The Dan Ryan #Sucks!
is he the guy threatening execs at a Framingham company?
Never thought I would be saying in May it's just too humid to even think about 9 holes right now.
is getting her blond on at the N Salon right now, can't wait to see it!
He my &hearts
its funny how is now tweeetinn tommorow! haha JAPAN!;)
George Zimmerman's bond should be revisited since he has enough $$$ to pay his bond outright. This situation is messy.
I'm glad you're having fun, BUT I THINK IT'S TIME FOR YOU TO COME HOME AND LOVE ME SOME MORE!
: I want to become 's next Community Web Producer! Recommend (mention) me in a Tweet to Thanks in advance.
Hope you've had a great week. Thank you for your follows new friends:
Learn Chinese for the day: <U+767D>[bái] white
Feeding people good food!
and I luv telling you lol
I wanna try i-topit!
Hollywood video was my favorite. Ahh the nostalgia...
I work within blocks of both Sprinkles Cupcakes and Grilled Cheese Truck HQs and have yet to see free product in the office.
Movies and Orange leaf at the rim >
The TAASK, remember the name
If Opportunity doesn't knock.. Build a door...
Chilling on the pourch with listening to Good Charlotte
Find your professional soul mate(s), making a business a shared mission and a shared "why" |
The wine pairings were really delicious! Truly spot on and everyone was talking about them! Nice job sir.
Fish oil capsules are hard for my son to get down so I bought Omega-3 enriched eggs. Now he says those are too big to swallow too!
omg, is that a feather on your kitteh lips?!!
OK been lollygagging all day. First day with no school responsibility. Enjoying tweets, blogs & books.
Had an educational & entertaining week taking Intro to Archives course - thanks to the fantastic faculty & staff !
We have two shows coming up really soon 3/2 in Toledo,oh & 3/3 in Cleveland oh! Get your tickets soon!
I'm so ready for travel ball with my girls! <U+E415><U+E016><U+E32A><U+E32B>
haven't touched me in a while :O
ordering a remote key for a Jeep
True! Oh, I have an anime for you to watch. (:
Excellent...but so much for "won't rain until Thursday night" like the weatherman said.
Last day of dog sitting..back to the tin can tomorrow
Ok I'm laughin like crazy,ryan dancin off the wii so he tells nasia 2 hold my pants up,lol!!!! He was so serious
Garlic bread disgusts me!
I'd be down to 3 way with you and Alex
Positive thinking :) everything will work out, my dog said so :)
he's playing?
Ron Paul attacks all GOP candidates with exception of Mitt Romney. Why? Explain, please.
oh ahah yea I was just there a second ago lol
Good for you!
Gayngs is Saturday. Don't confuse me!
I can't sleep...
Thanks for all your #support #Denver soon we unveil the speakers of #ShineYourDivine #Event filled with #enlightenment #ascension &
Recently reread ur entire Secret Six collection. Ur so screwed in the head. I love you.
there will probably be some sort of international collaboration session tomorrow, I hope! If not, discuss during happy hour :)
finally not underemployed.
. - I like your webpage. It's well designed and appears useful. It even has forms. #Teachers should check it out.
If your name being on it makes it yours, i would own trains, bridges, and walls..
Oh hi Twitter friends! Work has been keeping me really busy, but are you looking forward to #mkeeasterbrunch? Where are you going?
Share photos/videos to keep your followers engaged. uses this to keep their consumers interested.
i want long hair i use to have my hair up to my hips know its up to my shoulder oh alittle bit lower
Follow us on Instagram, ya dingus. dwhbmusic
In the last 2 years we have so many families who have been to 2, 3 and even FOUR events in some cases. Every event is different...
things that aren't lame: new Keane CD out today
"if you jump out of a plane without a parachute, of course YOU'RE GOING TO DIE" - my logic prof, 15 min. after handing out the last midterm
(: follow my other account ?? I'll follow back!
Things that piss me off don't tell me to lay on you the way I lay on my bitch, stay in yo place
i want to go swimming!
Can't wait for college and summer, but can't believe my sister, , graduates college this coming weekend.
The only DDs I like are Steam's. It's not overpriced, and I don't see the point of using it on consoles just yet.
This afternoon's tunes-stew will include
The Pacers are 75 to 1 odds to win the NBA Championship
great to see volunteers showing up to transform homes on the near eastside! We're live at "game day" on #FOX59 morning news!
Big question from the Blended Learning conf.: Why are you doing blended learning?
#lsuua LSU is driving down the hog's throat and they can't stop it
Try a little credit to the author when you steal my tips of the day!
Summer is over and we're back to work or school. If your dog is attending doggy day care, don't forget to get a kennel cough vaccine.
No hay problema <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D> ": S/O to tho. They came through for yo boy."
fans of my music or gameplay mothersday is coming up and i want to make it a special one for my mom any donations go to her for mothersday!!
Situations like this... Con et
Yesterday, the Viking sign Favre. Today, a tornado hits Minneapolis. Some things just invite God's wrath.
Inbox at 10
Have you worked with a film sales agent before? Would love to hear about it. Recommendations?
Hey Welcome. Twitter is fun. And weird. But mostly fun.
I made it home from work in 20 minutes! Thank you Monday Traffic Gods!
Hey Russell. Quick ? For you. Most used lens? Thanks amazing work!
Hey Brian! I had a question about the Star Fox Photo Contest. Could you send me a message with an email to contact? Thank you!
got rid of the Facebook
Calm your balls bitch -__-
Life in prison plus 25 years for Cyril Williams for murdering trooper Wesley Brown at Applebees in 2010
#ILoveTheSunsBecause I been a suns fan since I was lil. Went to the suns parade with my parents when they won nba championship
Does it bother you that we barely ever talk, or is it just me?
we need to do CATS!
Why don't you shoot me an email -
Oh, she's protective - a good quality!
M Spicy Lavender Chai and Bedlam Berry coffeecake!!
DMX is gonna be at the Norva...umm I fool wit it!
oh i thought you meant they drafted them. Read the tweet wrong. I want Burfict!!! Browns could use a bad boy<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
I am only human. I mess up. But I won't give up. I'll never give up on her. She's not just another chapter in my life.. she's the book.
I'm just sitting here like O__________O. HOLY SHIT KINGS
A-men!
Frank Ocean right now <3
are u ready to get the summer reading stuff 2morrow?
One photo, of all the photos of Junior Seau in tomorrow's U-T San Diego, may provide a clue to what happened to him.
Edward Sharpe and the Magnetic Boners
": I wanna see wiz tonight" I love the wharf . You been their before based god? Lol
And the fatigue from last week just hit me all at once
I find no Honor with those u spoke w/in confidence; & they decide 2 share with the very person that you opted not to confide in.
Omg!!!!...i have a cavity in my wisdom tooth
Every time Pepsi commercial come on... I spazz. I CAN'T WAIT TIL JULY 24th! <U+2764>
Yes, it's almost 3am and, yes, I just got out of the
I know, but still. They could have kept quiet about it until it aired out here. and.. a touchdown? what? haha. I'm confusedd. lol.
Headed to a 2 hour aerobic skills workshop
my goal for next year is to better reach and teach my ESL students.
Have a Safe and Wonderful Fourth of July Celebration!
yeah I miss you guys!
oh that's probably it - haha!
I won't forget, we're never out of coffee, milk or sweeteners :L <3 <3
They never seen it coming that's the beauty of it
Our HS senior photography is steller, you will not find better, our customers will tell you that too!
Should ADHD meds b taken by children & teens? What is your view on this?. Easy answer is "It depends..". Tweet to me. Good answers so far!
My mom is about to have the best mother's day. ^.^
Who are the digital humanists?
Q3 my mom always lead by example in everything but most memorably she is always honest!
Please do not throw softballs!!! This guy is the worse..
S/O the cat that just left me 27 comments on the Youtube
I was picking up my son from school and my head im wearing an Afro today. Two small girls said I love you hair. Way go for the natural...
life is a game of checker and im headed for your Queen.
of course, always happy to help!
Not looking forward to going back to roanoke
On board....Twitter it is!
Bartles and James wine coolers! ha!
no pain, no gain!
Oh God. Are you taking mace? That place has really changed.
I meet the CC Tiger's hockey team in 2 days!!!!!!!
stop hogging all the hot water!
WHY CAN'T I GO TO SLEEP
Politics? // Maybe... after all, you're from Cuba! Welcome to the States! :)
Movie time
Thanks for following
As my son prepares to leave for Afghanistan. I keep asking what can I do to help my country and our soldiers? What can we do as a A Nation?
Our 7-footer can hit the three. Can yours?
Catching first good night of sleep since Wednesday after filming #Prism. -JO
Adam Sandler has a new movie, does anybody care ? He's gone from the best to the worst.
I Over React? Check You Physco Bitch!
Such a beautiful day<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><U+2600>
i love u to death
right back at ya gorgeous!
Putting together the final shipment for and for #astd2012. See you in Denver in 4 days!
There used to be a street named after Chuck Norris, but it was changed because nobody crosses Chuck Norris and lives.
I really think you should come do a show in #Syracuse!! Just throwing it out there...
Follow Me Team Will Follow Back!!
actually describes everything in my life, from all things lax to movies and song lyrics
Dr Page: "Looking fwd to working w/you. When can we make it happen?" Me: "Well, I don't have a Messiah yet." Page: "BAH! Neither do I!" :-)
awww happy B-DAY to your sister she is really cute and adorable
RT : Salen: If you don't change the form of assessment, innovative teaching will just return to its original form.
well I don't consider he is talented.
That is pretty cool, I don't know how practical and safe it is but cool none the less.
LIMITED TIME OFFER: We're shipping WINDBREAKERS. USA ONLY. Send us an email at . $30 + shipping.
Derek Fisher to the Thunder.. I guess he doesn't make a team better or worse, maybe a clutch shot here and there. That's if he plays..
Somebody up there likes us
According to mobile industry writers CPM for tablet advertising is priced way too high. We agree..www.padvertisement.com
“: I love yo damn dress” thanks boo !
// thx! Have a great weekend.
Yeah buddy! #zombieapocalypse #roundtwo “: WOO were chillen in the summer no doubt :)”
just bought a new 40" LCD samsung TV. Works great. Far far far! nicer than my 30" hd tube that it replaces. yay! looks gorgeous too!
How are you guys doing today?
Today is such a beautiful dayy. church then watching the playoffs when oomf
Don't forget--the library closes at midnight tonight!
I don't do anything unless I(there)is/have A good reason!
#BanBelieber BIEBER IS FOREVER AND ALWAYS BELIEBERS NEVER GO BACK WE WILL ALWAYS BE A BELIEBER THROUGH EVERYTHING
A7: trying the local cuisine
Luke Harangody had 18 points last night. Why can't #Celtics get players like that!
Really glad I've been laying in bed for 2 hours and still can't fall asleep.. This happens way too often.
All the so-called "secrets of success" will not work unless you do.-Unknown
Friends We Love Premiere at The Brooklyn Museum Of Art on October 2, 2010...
No computer but im a Mac..
truff...what's really important that i'm working on i don't talk about much, except when really necessary
Grenade just came on in the mall!!!! <U+2764><U+2764><U+2764><U+2764><U+2764>
Hm I wonder where my nars could be
#RomCon FFP Dine-in - The Rules: Thou shalt dress in clothing befitting a formal function of state of the human variety.
Listening to some Gustav Mahler from a recommendation from Ignite Baltimore 9. Not disappointed!
#jhuDC how far would you go to move? Would you build a raft and launch yourself into shark waters?
maybe the fact that they run that often is what allows Rodgers to be at 10 yrds avg at 72%
we had a blast! Great mtg you! You're so sweet! Loved your heartfelt closing talk, Nicki.
Your timeline tonight makes me miss being on a Top 40 station, like, not at all.
Damn. Now that #Kentucky won that means the #Yankees will win the WS. That's just how it goes.
I'm tired.
I love working! Van Halen is incredible!!! Everybody JUMP!
If this is the case, especially after the shutdown of the immortal Library.nu, then I am going on the warpath
the bands look awesome!
I agree with and you need to ask this boy!
omg baby legs
Strap broke on my sandal before I walked for grad
What makes your movie concept unique?
Fuckin' freshman dude <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>
i honestly believe that people think i'm crazy because i talk to myself wherever i go but that just means i'm cool ya know
omg I went into this store and the song "when love takes over" comes on lololol
I MISS YOU!!!! Tell me how are you...what are you working on?? Would love to have you on my show sometime!
RT : My bro is Dr & delivered a baby named Y'all-Jealous Jones today. This is not a joke. Y'ALL JEALOUS JONES.
Oh, cookie cookie cookie starts with "C".
First night wearing my new mouth guard. Sorry, ladies. I'm spoken for.
RT : Petition to let rap with Please RT!
Turn on #liveatdaybreak now, has a live Super Bowl report from Indy.
good point!
thanx for the follows, doll
Greek Proverb~ All things good to know are difficult to learn.
Happy Birthday <3 Hope its a good one , for whats left :)
You dont like me? Why dont u go and sit with the rest of them bitches waiting for me to give a fck!
You're a Hobbit fan? Have you read Runelords? They're filiming that a picture too. Vote for actors
At a nice little 40-seat theater near Laramie/Diversey (Theater Aguijon).
Be our guest, be our guest, caviar, Versace...
Final week of shooting for a new film about #CelebrationFL Thanks to everyone working on the project. More info soon.
Watching FRIENDS in Spanish.
This bullsh*t, listening to Romney, you'd think we were on the verge of World War 3. Jesus, give it a rest.
didn't explore enough I guess! Would it have changed your life?
Despite popular belief, there is a direct correlation between the infrequency of my tweets and my having a good time.
Confessions - Usher
Man... i missed it!
These damn subs
Wrap-up 1/15: KSN story aired 5pm. Pic taken at the Eagle. Specs van cleaned. knows how to post on the blog.
how did you do on your papers?
Yea, I've seen it
Day 2 of no ac in the office- wouldn't be a big deal if we weren't on the 7th floor, and the windows weren't sealed shut.
ShootUsDown ain't just an account on youtube anymore.<U+2665>
New Infinity Blade II: ClashMobs! Play now!
Is it odd to eat just hummus? I can eat it out of the tub like ice cream.
follow follow following
Just saw Frank Luntz walking in the rain with no umbrella. a quick poll Showed 80% of me wanted to Laugh and 20% wanted to punch him
hell yeah. Were bout to reck shit.
Rhode Island to the NBA, always a fan! Thank You!
Cisco software to connect branch offices to cloud
WHEN I HIT 500 FOLLOWERS MY TEAM AND I WILL DROP 2 SONGS!!! ALL MY FOLLOWERS CAN MAKE IT HAPPEN BY RETWEETING!!!
Lmaoo looking through my freshman yearbook.
Avengers, Dark Knight Rises, Amazing Spiderman all in one summer... #NerdsRule!! =D
Sleep + drugs + time + highly evolved immune system = no more cough. God bless evolution. and sleep. and time. and medicine.
Katie and I are so fucking weird. Omg.
Thanks - back at 'ya!
you look like Lottie a little bit :)
I am nothing without my best friends and my parents.
The Terrain looks awesome! We will be informing customers about you!
I'm seeing them Friday. Let me know how it is <U+270C>
"Don't Destroy Your Life, Enjoy Your Life Play With Your Kids And Make Love To Your Wife"
Thanks for complimenting the keel!
OMG PUMPKIN CHEESECAKE TONIGHT
I'm listening right now to the song 16 Candles. Seau's barber said it was the football legend's favorite song to play on the ukulele.
I dont think anyone really gets me... I just hate life sometimes.
#YEEUH is SAN DIEGO, CALIFORNIA THERE?(:
how was ur potluck?
Puckernuts! Well, so much for doing something original. :-) I despise the current popularity of mealy-mouthed waifs ala Twilight.
Follow Back? :-)
We're playing Axum's Lounge in DC this Friday, y'all
My funeral is gonna be bumpin! “: lmao I'll go to your funeral”
Wow, Jeff, thanks so much for the RETWEET! Wishing you the best.
#SLPeeps , #ATChat is going on right now if you care to join....
Once again, the never-good-enough crowd rears its head. Annoying, but unsurprising.
. breakfast, leftovers lunch, for dinner & record shopping at Today kinda ruled.
#np Make It With You- BREAD
I have not
this hot fucking gym sub is flirting with me, because he thought i was a senior day=made <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
oh haha guess I missed that. Oh well I doubt I'll get there by then
RT ppl Id want speaking to my J-School class
Good morning! Chicago Loop offices,and businesses order your next office meeting cake, b-day cake, or party cake with us. Free Delivery!!!!
I love my job!!!
GoDaddy needs a new marketing schtick. First year, good buzz. Year after year... just recycled trash.
CenTex families affected by the fires need diapers, wipes, baby food, and baby toiletries. You can drop off at Pearl Studio Tues-Fri....
Resorting to Craigslist for a used car...help
Time for these pasty legs to get some healthy sun--aka freckles.
thanks for sharing this and thinking of us! can't wait to listen and get back to you!
In fact, almost every product built for user experience professionals offers a terrible user experience.
The Easter bunny brought me Advil. They're delicious. :)
Thank you, Eric. That was really moving.
Having trouble uploading that pic to facebook. Never used instagram before
not enough $$ Walmart will pay 8.10 an hr and benefits!
the round red fox jumped past the tired dog.
Technology is amazing . I'm recording a trak with people from all over the world for the Cricket IPL Launch . 2012 like a mo fo
Hi Rick. Thx for following me too. :)
a good girl knows her limits, a bad girl pushes her limits, a real women has no limits
Good afternoon with the passing GoGo Pioneer another Tragic lost Disco and R and B singer Donna Summer has past R.I.P. to the both of them
Gettin' Rich Is Easy Stayin' Rich Is ImPressive!
Love the Narnia Wings of Desire thang. Or maybe that's just what I see... hope you are well.
Why would Montreal waste a pick on a player they know they can't sign (Ching)?
2day American democracy is expressed in its purist form --voting! Get out to the polls! Oh, and Write Fenty In! WE CAN DO THIS!!!
Agree w/ "Environment of Possibility" is powerful. Much easier to achieve when you have no reason to believe you can't
Staring at the clock waiting for the #ChefShowdown to begin! So many great restaurants and for such an amazing cause....
Jumped about a mile when a palmetto bug appeared on my calf. But in the end it was just a semi-chewed clump of raisins
Canceled our European trip because of the volcano. Hanging out in the Pacific NW instead. Almost as fun and cheaper! :)
thank you for fixing Peyton's video!!<U+2665>
Reeeallly excited for Dexter tonight
Are you seeking an Operational CFO to make a difference at your corporation? I welcome comments and feedback.
: had me at Tequila Juleps and Bourbon Margaritas.
#incaseyoudidntknow I'm a nerd
Why are the guys so goddamn cute!? ugghh it's so not fair :3
lol Hm hat about a young niggas with an older man mentality
But he...nah I'm cool RT : his concern shouldn't be silencing critics, it should be doing whatever it takes to win
is coming to San Antonio this weekend!!!
About to make that gym move before I hit work tonight.
I guess Tebow time is over!!! Bout time
she a hipster who works at the food cart
I need to name this unicorn!!!
Patriots Jell-o mold has been acquired. If that doesn't wow guests, nothing will!
so u still doing the game
Yeah I got "and this is crazy" It suits me well
I never thought I would be THAT person winding down at the bar in their casino uniform all by themselves...but u gotta do what you gotta do!
Yep, absolutely nothing – unless you care about #jobs, #debt, #foreignpolicy, #obamacare – #Obama been cool! eh?
s/o to in da studio getting it in
!! “: Free million dollar 2nd screen idea: Shazam-like Twitter filter includes/excludes tweets based on what one is watching on TV.”
Trying to to get my hopes up. Either way is in the forecast.
you spelled "feeding" wrong
Big weekend in Iowa...all state schools win football...Dave Matthews Band rocked downtown!
gots a 2 week load that needs a home
getting distracted while studying by watching the Final 4 intro video
if you know the names and titles of all the releases from #bayarea artist I can give you total #top200 #soundscan numbers. YES
At Katy Perry with a bff from my hometown, Lisa Chambliss!
hahahah just makin sure main squeeze. :)
Have such a horrible headache. :(
Pupil dilated! Ugh I don't like ths.
Another fantastic massage from Martha Tyler at Stillpoint Massage Therapy. I highly recommend!
Any night where I get that faded and don't send out any dumb texts is a victory
I think yr right to have a brand "voice" instead of an institutional one, but IMO yr tweets are too often off point.
I'd prefer to be your best friend rather than your ex-boyfriend.
S/o to so he can follow me back lol :D
The Visitors Center is open until 4pm today. Stop in!
to us its life, they see it as a struggle
I know right :/
Holidays are for the weak of heart.
this will for sure be the longest 8 days ever!! The waiting is the hardest part!!!
Don't Hate, Cauze I'm 619 Strait Born, And Riaze! Know Your Rootz %} !!!
Home sweet home
Downloaded this binaural beats app. This shit is creepy
Thank you for the follow! Let us know if you'd like a chess set! Just picked up by Haamlicher Schlemmer (v. happy!)
I livd life to fast to slow dwn now!
Taking a risk! :)
Haha, all press is good press, right?
“It’s a shock, a real negative surprise,” said Panagiotis Spiliopoulos, head of research at the private bank Vontobel in Zurich.
It's #followfriday time! Put us in yours and we'll put you in ours! Thanks guys. Happy Friday!
Thanks for sharing.
Apparently the twitter-verse discovered MJP yesterday, leading to a large uptick in traffic to the site. Hooray for the intertubes.
the price of my van just went up...now its three canoes...nah, just playing.
& guess who just got limited edition beats?? This girl;);)
Venus and Jupiter crazy bright in western sky tonight
At the Select Luxury Cars dealership in Marietta. I just saw some of the Blue Angels practicing for this weekend's air show - amazing!
Q. What’s the difference between a politician and a snail? A. One is slimy, a pest and leaves a trail everywhere, the other is a snail.
Don't act like you didn't know that was coming. He puts you on the border and decides whether he likes you or not
good luck with everything man!
RT : I will not share my IPod with you. Its called an IPod not an UsPod. -.-
a time to weep, and a time to laugh
#CMAS are hilarious!!
wait.....are you saying it's not normal to have a boyzillian at all times?
yo has been stuck in my head all night !
Preview Thursday
ah that's annoying!
After the battle, the Avengers team are sitting quietly with no dialogue eating shwarma. Stark was not in his suit. Banner wasn't Hulked out
Not yet. Plan to tonight though.
So much soreness. I really don't understand what I did differently last night.
Are you guys talking bout dat wh0re
Exciting day with Helen Ying reception she is running for Metro Council. Go Helen. Cynthia Harris
GOOD MORNING !(((:
A perfect combination!
good morning , what's up with the label I heard jive and AristA shutdown
Want to know all about the benefits of negative ions? http;//www.PowerEnergyBalance.com
Some trivia this fine Tuesday: What percentage of Americans stick to their New Year's resolutions? (Ours was to drink more beer. Success!)
tell yo cat we gotta get down
#20factsaboutme 15. I can't go without music for a day
yay! Now I can spell it for people.
Almost time to meet the money in a few hours.
Thanks to everyone for coming out last night! and safe travels to Weatherbox and Sainthood Reps!
lol I said in 18 years though!
we are all kipnises
Feels good to be on the radio and not having to sell my soul to do so..thank u to my awesome fans and teams around the world!#WHOOP!
My mom is really pissing me off today.
Honey badger don't care.
Chris Paul Need to be more Aggressive
Imam ‘Abd al-Rahman b. Mahdi: "Be with the carriers of books, for they are like mines, one brings up a gem and another a nugget of gold."
Thank you. RT “: Thank you”
Anyone care to join brent'lee and i on a bike ride in the blue springs area in just a bit?
ChaCha can be your friend when you don't have any.
Congrats, Kelly!
I think I should be a Verified World Leader on twitter, I rule the state of disillusionment.
Thanks for coming to the show!
I want the Star Wars Blu-ray box set!
I had that lastweek and i want to be able to stay home so i cant talk to my boyfriend but my parents wont believe ANYTHING.
Spent the day at the beach, now gettn ready to head out wit the crew... ready for my trip to atl tho...
Was it Jane?
Holy cow. They are really using homeless people are wireless hotspots? Just when you think you've heard it all
World Peace on Western Semis "what's really important is reppin my hood.....Queens bridge you know what's good" hahahha
#Doc says I need more #Iodine in my diet. What foods naturally have alot of iodine in them?
. showing us how to use a different database per user (site) based on subdomain, same app code.
Food is the most widely abused anti-anxiety drug in America, and exercise is the most potent yet underutilized antidepressant.
Landed in St. Louis! Waiting for my gay luggage!
thanks for the follow. I am following both of you now.
Double Tap
Happy Easter! <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00A4>
Saw your post on Brady and UA Charged Cotton - interested in writing a product review? DM me. Thanks!
Rock on!
I'm usually up the second I wake in the AM
Creative Cloudin' it up. Lots of downloads, and can only do one at a time. This is going to take awhile.
TQM!!!! Love u miss lovely!!! Xoxo
That Tim Tebow is something else but what about the Kicker?
I paid to see Compton any night! #RyderFearsDomino can I get a birthday retweet?
so glad you enjoyed 's post. Thanks for sharing!
great #Quote by David Brinkley- A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him. Rip
RT : #MoodCheck What are you feeling? What does that suggest you want? What does that suggest you need? How can you...
Like the middle of September what about you??
Sometimes in this life; we are our own worst obstacle.
Done with my master's! And watching other ppl's capstones now, everybody on #emac is so awesome <3
I want brownies
yup I'm kinda glad I missed u! I've missed u guys =)
Great quote, thanks Scott! I am also going to start following , good stuff
keep grinding boy
I just opened a big bag of fun-size candy and got so excited for Halloween. Those sweet smells of plastic and cheap chocolate(:
I just said I was 3Ging it.. This phone makes me lame-sauce...
Most innovation happens in universities and startups, not big companies. Corporations are playing it safe. - Kevin Surace
About to get breakfast. I'm starving.
looking for work is hard. Do u need a resume? For a FREE resume builder and job board follow me to minorityjobs.net Julie
Great talk by at #GSMworkshop on the interactions of technology & user demands. His ideas are def not limited just to social nets.
Oh :O I was excepting "school lunch guy" xD If I go you have to help me talk to him if we see him, just don't push me into him x)
Any images of AFC North Champion apparel yet?
#NP Have You Ever - Brandy
got it.
No plays Tuesday night. See you tomorrow! *Don't forget to check out our pricing option for member access through the Super Bowl below....
Watched The Man Who Fell to Earth last night. Wow, I had forgotten how bizarre that was, and wow, Bowie was young.
Join us for some awesome food & drink specials during our all day Happy Hour today! 4:30-10p.m.
Hopefully I will get to see you on the 28th??
This is the worst RT : Great. I just realized i had food in my teeth all day.
BREAKING NOW -- #911 call released from the March 31 murder of Mainstreet Grill manager in
I should be more than I am to them :( I've missed so much of their lives
we only had to walk 5000 steps (I'm not kidding)!
sounds about right lol or perhaps I should have phrased the question how many female slps
Kidding on the last tweet. But anyone nice enough buy me the ticket. Pretty Please.
yeah, i guess so :\ RT a little bit of both :(
okay goodnight for real its a fucking hassle to wake up in the morning so sleep time xoxoxoxxxxxx
you too...anytime!
you're not alone there, lady. Lol
1000 North Ashley Street, Suite 610, Tampa, FL 33602
i'm gonna really miss outdoor track when it's over.. but there is next year :)
"We all have two choices: We can make a living, or we can design a life." Jim Rohn What Choice Are You Choosing???
#seriously, no one pisses me off more than you do.
oh yes, i'm sure you were.
nope just here a bit early
heyy i have a question!
Soo what do you want to talk about?
maybe next time
RT : Just opened a book printed entirely in comic sans. How can I be so mad at a book? (via )
How do I tell you I love you without being to blunt about it.
follow back.?
PLEASE ship to California already!!!!!!!!
Can't wait to go visit Idaho. Missin the fam.
OH : killed my battery in 3 hours. it needs to be smarter.
: Good morning beautiful! Wishing you a great day. Hope your little man is feeling better! God bless.
Its an avett brothers kinda morning
thats so kind of you - thanks for letting us know!
Thanks for following!
Looking for new people to follow ... :) #TEAMFollowback 100%
Are you watching Fashion Star?
FC Barca has arrived in Washington DC after 9 hours of flight.
oh, nice! here, let me just follow you on via
most Staples locations have it. Few Best Buys.
Alondre plays to much. He steady lying telling damarcus I'm saying stuff. Lol.
My phone be blowing me
“: Im tryna get some honestly #D.D.H”
just sitting here :P with you?
Happy #MothersDay to all you women who play the role of mom!! :)
Looks like is going to blow away his fundraising goal on those jerseys! Still a week left!
Really like this quote- RT : Robert Collier #Quote: "If you don't make things happen then things will happen to you."
thanks! Although, all me and had to do was look pretty... did the real work ;)
so went to Fargo North Dakota..I wonder if she saw Grant Otis while there haha
Your are welcome Princess.
What's on your to-do list for this week?
iPhone Apps - REVIEWED - Live right now - another fine and dandy episode of www.iphoneslutz.com -
That sounds like a challenge. Come on speakers! RT : he did it! keynote swear words now at 1..
People of note: Vegas' , San Francisco's , Sardinia's & - which we are SO down for.
Y'all should hear this beat I just looped though.
and his eyelashes... wow. Lol xD
You will not be disappointed.
who is bernie I am so lost....
OMG, sounds awsome. Any veggies on it? I'll have to try it. Thanks
Finn is great but mom and dad are tired! I am praying for the day I can get a full nights rest...Kim probably even more so
I'm watching good burger
Twitter and Facebook need a Dislike button ( like Youtube has ) ..lol .. :)
Any #harpsichord players in the #PGH area avail to play Brandenburg 3 gratis Nov. 20 @ 4:00p? A friend of mine is looking.
hey what's up ma
myucf is going way too slow...I don't have patience for this nonsense
#sxsw #nowplaying. Ruts, straight ahead Aussie pop rock. Holidays were bubblegum tight. Injured Ninja elctro-metal. Lookn fwd to Boat People
lol. that's funny
Swam about 3 500'S and about 2 200 im's!! #SwimIsLife! Oh I feel my pecs comming back!!
It just stopped raining in Philadelphia.
A few of the first BioCubists
drinks Saturday night sound great. Maybe it will e nice out and we can hit up a great patio somewhere!
Love the mohawk pix! Are you meeting fans Sat and Sun?
Poison +Oak
writing writing writing writing
: 16.2%//I know his K/9 was the highest ever over 50 inn.. 16.5 or something crazy
Still looking for an agent to handle my comedy career.
Congrats to team et al on your recent awards! You've done San Antonio Proud!
Im way too tired this morning
good night
1st day home off the road is always a beast....finally headed home!!
How Wet do you love your Pizza?? At Smashing Tomato it means plenty of Olive Oil & San Marzano Tomato Sauce!
right now it's all about the three p's Prayer ,patients, prosperity
Chris Brown's new single is called "Turn Up the Music"....you know, so no one can hear him beat on women or occasionally throw a chair.
The crew's coming through
Would love to get students to lead sessions about how they learn best. Could share techniques, tools, etc.
Seeing THE BIG RED ONE for the first time at tonight!
Yeah right! Thanks! :-)
Bigger egregious act was letting KOAB talk to Beth as he did, without u putting him in his place. Worse than pic she took.
U sound like me. I watch movies for 1st time that most people know the entire script to from 20 years ago. Don't like TV or movies
Happy Holidays to everyone!
Q3 coming right up with a side of #bacon! :)
information sent. let m know when you send the information back....
ewww you're gonna be sick
Yes he was. RT : mikel jackson was a great artest. with many great hits
calming down
sad to be leaving Tucson again tomorrow, but i'll hopefully be back soon
All I want for Christmas is the app for Android!
Officially a alum! :)
5K MS Walk in the morning! Then watching win the #KCA <U+2665>
alot of money
Busta rhymes? Lol RT : There is not rapper on Earth that can out-rap Eminem.....seriously
When people don't talk to you when you try and talk to them all the time and don't give you an explanation.. >>>>
So stressed right now I feel like my head is going to explode
The Boston Art Museum Is a must go to!
Thanks for the follow! We are thrilled to have you!
Amazing isn't it! We look good, don't we.
Ck out my lst tweet, that's my niece Ashley on vocals. She writes her own music too. My brother engineered & produced.
Looking forward to going to the padres game tomorrow night. Hope they win.
Oh, geez. My Kmart still sells boxes of that stuff and I don't think it's actually being made anymore! I think it's 5-yr-old stock!
Thanks ! -- stay tuned for more to come!
Bus driver lady, are you fucking kidding me?
Jeff! Happy birthday!
Sure when is it?
catch up this week. Good times.
I love watching my friends become great!
funny, I found the article myopically academic.
lolololol extra bag fees!
So the Phillies have had their "big 3" pitching rotation since 2010 and haven't made the WS. How come that hasn't been called a bust?
I'm so glad you liked them all. Once I started reading them I could NOT stop until I finished. So much fun!
trying to embed hot potatoes into joomla page but doesn't work... 1 suggestion i've seen is to put hotpot html files in folder on joomla.
I hate overhearing my mom and her boyfriend talk nasty like......... EW.
My nail polish is comming off :( I am thinking about painting them pink and white
its sunny, very high cloud cover, and mid 50s. let go of wendy winter - she was just not that into us.
u should have many more. Ur retweets save my life.
"Our patience will achieve more than our force."
And still I ask where is at? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
Order up :) xoxo RT : Wants to stud out and distress some denim overalls for me..
bringing things in perspective for you since 99
I'm still on the train but will let u know when I hit the Sheraton--during luntion prolly.
Don't mistake old hips for flopping tho! RT : derek fisher.
way to ignore my call!! You're still up too
Lack of money is the root of all evil. -George Bernad Shaw
Oh...most assuredly.
I do....... Hey oh. Wife to be in roughly ten minutes
I want to happy hour!!!!
Surprisingly I'm awake!
i can't dyke without you!!
i meant i see u as in "thats tight that ur recording" haha
Just had a sweet women offer me a CTA day-pass walking up to the train station! ^_^
Hmm, not sure I trust how others take care of cars. RT : I would like to see car time shares like time share condos.
Dude is that an iTouch?! No but it is an iPod Touch.
A small size will do if worried about caloric intake...walk to and from Holton and you're good!
Shopping stops being fun when the shopping for yourself stops. -__-
check out monster media i just started doing all my real estate things there they are awsome, tell them chris silva sent you
Yup, iBack. I was in FL, but I'm here for good.
Sorry for crashing your boner party so hard on FB. It just struck a real chord with me this afternoon.
I still turn to you.
Catching up with <3
Had two bad dreams last night: one, I was in a Hunger Games-esque arena & was eaten by a zombie. Two, I was BFFs w/ Khloe Kardashian.
and with that being said I decided to take my test today fingers cross
Jakarta i'm comming... :)
Oh my Jesus! Can this bitch take any longer?! Niggas need to sleep!
Samantha is super nice and super chill. There's NO good reason why some people don't like her;P
Watching on the TV.
Americans have the most sex at 132 times a year, with the Russians close behind at 122 times a year, and the French at 121.
It's always a little amusing to see them try to sell OOP releases, when a newer release that pretty much uses the same discs is in print.
okay I will :-)
My whole body aches <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
do know I love unicorns.. Need to find u on instagram. Gettin on it now ;)
But you're not even worthy enough to be dancing to WMYB<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Wondering if were ever Gunna settle things
Im back on tha twitter side!
the only solution to getting creeped is alibi'ing teen mom 2 names. Hi I'm Jason. Jenelle, Nice to meet you
This guy!
Honestly , like I'm scared :o
Happy Mothers Day!! S/O To The Single Mothers Raising Their Own. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><U+2764>
The chase is on.
we do stick out in a crowd...but it does suck to have to spell my last name 3 times for them to get it right
omg why have I never seen that
Because if they were, we wouldn't be special anymore! :) Thanks for enjoying our sense of humor. Happy travels!
Watching this thunder game right now
Enter to win 's "Vice Verses" win & listen
Another perfect night.
Just wrapped a shoot at BlueRock. We work late into the night!
We're there also reports that some folks from Legislative Services were also nervous? Maybe some lawyers, too.
I honestly thought yu were gonna tweet me. Shit I for too much on my brain at wrk to think about who to tweet. Lml
Prom was great danced as if NO ONE was watching! Now gonna go bowling with the best people!
When I’m always in my room, my parents complain. When I go out too much, my parents complain.
I don't know what I did to my back yesterday, but I can barely move today. I am in so much pain! So this is what it feels like to get old...
close your eyes and fall asleep and forget all the things that changed your lives.
I had a great night. Goodnight everyone
Safely in Tokyo but that 14 hour flight was long! Getting on the flight to Bangkok in a few minutes. Very confused about what time it is. :)
There is so many other things I could be doing right now.
yall niggas arent trying to come scoop me though!
sometimes idk wat it is im doin...n.. why....
Hmm...that's a puzzler, all right. On the whole, baby dinosaur sounds cute?
you better start hitting those books next year. Let me know your Indiana games
I'm the Ice Man, Paul Wall Got my mouth lookin somethin like a disco ball
Happy to connect! Thanks for the initiation.
ouch I feel your pain try hot water and rest
5th and K Safeway. What the hell. Such a strange mix of people.
hopefully the next album can help me out cause i'm now livin' this life with foolproof doubts.
since my ex do u know how low my care for women's feelings are
Ignore previous post--wrong book. Yes, I think most of the best-sellers these days are given too much leeway. Prose bloat results
Even after 3 years since my divorce it still breaks my heart when I drop off my son knowing that I will not be able to see him in days.
How be you, babe?
yeah. I turned around and you were gone. Then you never answered your phone!
lmao I would love to work at M$ store for week. Just so I could bring my Air and iPhone to work. Free promotion for Apple.
RU looking 4 a way 2 help Joplin? Help Convoy of Hope make a difference: Txt CONVOY to 50555 to give a $10 donation. Stndrd txt msg rts appl
Great minds think alike! I think I'm keeping Taylor's of Harrogate in business all by myself this week.
No coupons, Groupons or other ons. Just really great classes and films and investigative journalism and galleries and equipment and...
Now that would be awesome....email me!!! We love great talent!
that's a trend I like to see.
but i like not having to comb it or anything lol
for you i'd bleed myself dry.
my high school's girls soccer team is a scorching 11-1-2 this season. if you were wondering.
website creation: underway.
So we draft a player coming off an injury? Didnt we learn from the Mike Brown nightmare Hello!!!!!
How about a Happy Hour every day from 5-9pm at the Venetian's Smokin new hotspot?? Come unwind with us after #CES or #AVN!!
HCA meeting today.
thats awsome, im glad you had fun :)
New Book Examines Old Testament for Keys to World Peace
RT : RT “: #UTSASHOWCASE Free Concert come out and support UTSA's up and coming artist”
What happened to the Jared Berggren we saw in non conference play?
EEK!!! OMG I JUST WON MIDNIGHT TICKETS TO NEW MOON FOR TONITE I CALLED THE RADIO PPL AND ANSWERED THEIR QUS. TO WIN AH!! SO HAPPY!!!!
Considering calling it a night before 8pm tonite. Been a long day and over-worked my brain. Gotta do it all over again tomorrow.
Trailer and poster are still being worked on. Still going to be a bit (sorry) but they're looking GOOD!
Thank you. (:
Craig Claiborne~ For those who love it cooking is at once childs play and adult joy. And cooking done with care is an act of love.
I can't sleep good until I sign that record deal.....
Home alone at the moment. So quiet and peaceful...
I love you.... What? Nothing. Hahaha
Yay!!! (I'm totally looking forward to your visit, too.:)
You kno I'm bad
The only people that try and cheat in my class are the Indian people and an asian. Lol
I wish my bed was one big bathtub filled with hot water that never chilled.
ur too cute love ya mad <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
When are America's scientists going to tackle the real scourge affecting this country: the shower curtain effect?
Supermoon Saturday tonight! Be sure to check out the moon!
:* love you all.
Making Estonian style pasta, at least that's what my husband says, before finishing couple of photo shoots.
Excited to be back at for the Publishing in the 21st Century Panel!
Sleepin time. Lots of work to do tom plus 18 holes plus bball game at 8
co-workers brought in coffee, and I drank too much...
GLBT folk and fams will not be voting or working for Romney.Why keep trying to make news.He proves people evolve backwards.
#kids Head for the Cure 5K - North Texas: Head for the Cure 5K - North Texas from Saturday, May 12, 2012 at 8:00 AM to Saturday, May 12,...
still reeling from last night's #madmen did they really do that?
Learning #PHP and #Python simultaneously. I have to say, I like #Python a lot better. It seems cleaner, more concise, and more thought out.
Amazing #SWE career fair with over 250 exhibitors today and amazing candidates at
it looks super comfy!
oh I know, btw, where do you live?
I ODed in a suicide attempt and was in the ER all day's night last Thursday and was in a mental hospital all week.
who is leading for each team?
Nice! Go Berklee Alumni!
Haha it was too cuter! HAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
koo koo, idk what u have planned but i have a photoshoot i would love for u 2 attend and meet the rest of the fam oct 22
Good news on Project Paper Doll, the new series! The first book, The Rules, will now be out in April 2013, 2 months earlier. Woohoo! :D
It is so not what you think...
Was having a bad day until the M's game came on. Now much worse. RT : So...how is everyone?
saw the studio vids. love it!!!!
RT : Party party party may 25th
are you just wanting us to design a shirt or do you want us to actually produce them?
my dogs do that too they both have eaten whole shirts and had to have surgeries. :( i hope she feels better!!!
Wow, youre not kidding. Cool! RT Savi Urban Market is opening there in a few weeks. Big improvement if you ask me.
Join our Baby Basics Workshop today :30p.m at the Georgia King Village location. Call (973)621-2241 to register!
watching "Strange Culture" biotech artist mistaken for bioterrorist after wife's death caused by heart attack.
Thanks for the message and the follow!
Ok... starting next week, we'll be selling themed packs of HD fonts (graphical glyphs), and we'll even include free bonus graphics!
Our adventures are fun for ALL AGES. Get a feel of our panaromic views and enjoy some live music from Susie Tallman. See you there!!
I GOT IT! PS I hope you don't die one of 1000 tragic ways...
The test of literature is, I suppose, whether we ourselves live more intensely for the reading of it
Does anyone have any thoughts on what has happened?
TYPE a RANDOM word to DESCRIBE YOUR 2DAY.
Sunrise > Sunset
Omelette is a great idea for GOOD coffee, toast and the newspaper!
8 minute song. 1200+ plays. You do the math.
Beautiful hands are those that do.....deeds that are noble, good, and true.
Sleep pattern is all sorts of messed up. Ugh.
letterpress invitations and more
Many thanks! Best wishes to you.
i think u shld totally do that and bring her down.
I have no desire to have a pet pig, I do however plan to have bacon often.
Ik I still remember that lol that was super gay @ :| but what if out of no where We see eachother again that would be cool:3
I think heard my album.
knows that community is the light in the darkness, and a big part of the Why.
It's going to be one beautiful day today!
just saw Hugh Jackman on Broadway! so proud to say he is a #WorldVision supporter
I think I'll save the Patagoinian yeast for another day. Need to sleep some.
your awesome and i hope to work with you one day! produce me:D
Why would I ever get that? I hate astronauts, kids, and books. And yet...that is the biggest fattest lie I've eva said. Eva.
I saw you at the Men's Final Tennis In NY- You go for Nadal.
You're mixing apples and oranges. Get back to me after GM hasn't paid off it's debt in 15 years.
We're supporting , the national letter carriers food drive, this Sat 5/12. Last year collected 70 mil lbs of food nationwide.
Time To Put Mill City on the Map it Starts Tomorrow!
you ever see my music video bro?
Listening to shostokovich.
The question is: Is it ok to drink beer at 9 am?
This weather is making me want to go outside and splash around like Gene Kelly in "Singin' in the Rain."
I want an DVD!! Let's make it happen !!
DM'ed you! thanks!
RT Actually #THATCamp is an elaborate hoax--it's really only five grad students tweeting like mad from a bunker. Shh. Don't tell.
CAN I PLEASE GET A FOLLOW BAK!!! P L E A S E
- not really in dha mood people are so selfish even family dats not right
truly impressed by the look of the Delta "Reach" ad -- nice work!
Ok, painting a 'tobacco card' onto a baseball, the card says "Piedmont VG" above the baseball player's head- is that his name?
I back Wisconsin.
AND THIS IS CRAZY!!!
thx I wrote it last night :)
Hey loves:) I think I'm writing a new chapter tonight :))
It's a Ben Handelman birthday!!! Thinking a little mexican sounds good tonight... ;)
“: I saw a tweet earlier that said " Cats > Humans " It made me think of ” i love you so much. Hahaha
at the airport heading to Kc famo!
Much love to Brian and everyone for showing us an amazing time last night! Rock and roll is alive and well in Topeka, KS...
How much does your brain cost?
I fall asleep at 3 and its sunny I wake up at 5 and its windy and cloudy -.-
Dead af class
DoggieQRcom Thank you for your follows!!
Take pictures of your multi-pocketed garments.
Anyone watch the show "Awake"? I dig it, which means it's doomed to failure soon. "One & done" season I'm guessing.
love to live in California great weather, want to move though because the liberals ruin it. Got any ideas on how to get them out?
Good Morning #TwitterFamily......A Morning is a Wonderful Blessing, Either Cloudy or Sunny. It stands for Hope, giving....
Always use your business name, and make sure it's the same every time you use it.
It is said that chewing gum while peeling onions will keep you from crying.
The state of #Ohio needs to change their wild animal laws. It breaks my heart over the lives lost. Why are they "less valuable" than us?
Sony Xperia S review
I know...and I set it up...but not working???
#workflow Go on break as soon as I clock in! #GotItMade SIKE!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
CELTICS IN 6! No way they lose the next one at home!
29 days until Build Day!!!! Let the excitement begin for a new year of fun filled activities. Peace,Love, and Habitat to all.
Mfckrs don't know where they going nshit!
Holy cow, massive gusts of wind just hit us at #Grammynoms. That was scary.
Lucky i'm in love with my best friend lucky to have been where i have been lucky to be coming home again - jason mraz lucky :)
Hoping Adam Halls knee mends well Safety crucial
Don't smoke. Avoid alcohol and weight gain. Get adequate nutrition and sleep. Relax and enjoy yourself. And Exercise!!
That awkward moment when you get kicked in the teeth via text
Done, let me know!
ON THE REAPPEARING OF THE MESSIAH
When remembering 9/11, honor the people who died by cherishing the ones who are still living! Don't take your loved ones for granted.
Did not realize how much helpful info put together til learned was consultant on project & dug deeper.
Blah bored so suck rite noe :((((((
I love teaching the science of cross-examination to witnesses; it gives the witness control (and really pisses off the atty).
big ugly ass btch !
Follow me on instagram!!!
love your new profile picture.
oh, okay! lets go see after school then :)
Oh thats cool :) Taylor just started the 9th grade!
thanks for the add! Loved your shit, as always, at the portland competition.
FINALLY GOT A SUIT!
Most boring weekend ever.. There hasn't been anything to do
if a camera is "too heavy" or "too bulky", you're NOT a photographer.
Storage Wars, yup
Thanks for the welcome! Please give us a try next time you find yourself in the financial district!
Found the secret move to the upper cross straddleback (aka butterfly), thus making the transition seamless.
Why don't people give Tim Duncan and the Spurs more credit? Look at the 4 rings this man has.
Brittany needs to get cool like me. And not boring.
That was NOT nearly enough time to prepare for that one!
Holly bacon! is tomorrow. We can't wait! Didn't get a ticket? Stop by the restaurant to sample what we are offering..
RT : Who just got cast in 2 indie films??? This guy!
beautiful buddy, show it off.
We miss you too :) But having a backyard kind of rules too! We are already talking about going back to see ya this fall!
Why yes, work, I would *love* to stay up until at least midnight to wait on something other people sat on for weeks.
Thank you. Glad to have you still following me!
I'll take anything you want to sell for main. I'm cool either way.
The kid's dentist just emailed to say they are closing for NATO.
Valentine's Day is just around the corner!! Make sure you pick up some Vday sweets for your sweetie at your neighborhood DD.
God I wish it was. I told my parents that I was going to "rip the city in half." They didn't think it was amusing....
book is gay
Awesome place man! Looks peaceful...
head pants
Cause I do hahahahaha
Me Too follow Me!
Fox is beautiful. He should definitely be modeling in doggie magazines!
why has no one designed a truly usable apartment search web app? I'm growing tired of craigslist..
TBS's Ernie Johnson."Rangers get to 2nd base but they just cant get it in." Priceless. I have the maturity of a 2 yr old.
Shipping is now only a dollar !
Got the Packers Android app. It ROX!!!
Astro insulation has joined Insulate America
I'm just one guy, I'm doing my best. :)
nice! Looks like you have fun! Thanks for sharing.
Thanks for the follow. Be sure to check my blog, filling with food truck reviews Friday. BTW, any good hosting ideas?
should have lived in the Fern with me! ;) can't beat your 2 min commute, though.
worse than 1700 block of M St NW?
18 yrs ago I probably thought I'd be ancient when the next one occurred!
when you're a jet, you're a jet all the way... about to watch west side story on the big screen at the paramount theatre. :)
What a crazy winter ... Snow in South Carolina this morning!
I gotta say...2011 needs 2 go. Like now. Was ready 4 2011 last year and it disappointed just like 2010. Really need 2012 to be on my side.
Adam you one cold dude. Love your music.
National Grilled Cheese Day is just 1 of the many reasons I'm on the verge of high cholesterol! Why can't spinach be my fav food? Chez plez!
I understand completely why most homeless people smoke. I mean, why quit smoking when you're probably gonna die of exposure or hunger?
yes you are :-}
Its so easy to focus on what you DONT have. Gotta drop that habit. Im way too blessed for that.
Anyone know a good army supply store? I'm gonna need a gas mask if I'm expected to keep changing this boys diapers.
I'm still here! I've just been twitter silent for a long time. How are you dude?
Hi VA customers are ineligible due to state regulations. If you have a decal, you can still be spotted outside of the state.
Smile. It irritates those who wish to destroy you :)
Poised Creation has listened to you and we want to bring you music the way you want it!
Nigga If You Don't Stfu With These Sentimental Retweets.
Thanks for the follow!
and now you have the matching pair
Yes, we received an email from Thanks so much for your help! :)
Sierra Club Fighting Mississippi Clean Coal Plant
Well LAC @ MEM at noon tomorrow.
appreciate the follow sir!
Sam Riggs is getting airplay! You know it!
Haha! All good. Where yall from. Maybe Ill be in ur town soon
Wish I knew also- but I do go to dc fairly often, my bro and nephews are there, well, in mclane. btw
Only 3 more days until we see :)
swear I just saw Emily Chakurda in Econ class. She still smells like bacon
Wtf is time?
LeBron got a floater?! Rio taught him well.
yes yes and yes
really?Any chance that there is anyone you can still reach out to. You would be my new favorite person, for whatever that's worth.
Pumpkin Pie Blizzard on the rocks. And by rocks I mean Vicodin.
Shut up aint nobody yryna be like you lol
I broke that news via twitter like an hour ago, doc.
Well thank you much :) You can find more of us on Youtube, Facebook, and iTunes!!
If this brand new paving of Washington Mews isn't a cruel April Fool's jest I will be writing a VERY angry letter
awesome thanks
Just literally LOL. Thx! Dopeler Effect: The tendency of stupid ideas to seem smarter when they come at you rapidly.
Anyone know the provenance/history of the Google Chrome "Aw, Snap!" message? Who decided to put that there? Is it from Linux?
hey you
hahah!!! U keep me Rollin! Thank you
I did not know how deep Nina Simone was until hearing Ain't Got No, Strange Fruit, & Mississippi Goddam! Inspiring years after her death.
Suggest melatonin, earplugs/white noise, eyeshade, visualizing calm & relaxing activities such as lying around tropical beach?
RT : RT : keep us posted on followups to our #cruisechat questions. So many topics covered
We both are?:o
Help our seniors live longer lives.
me & geem r doing stuff anyways tonight so we can get you
after your experience last year, I would too.
Why? He's so cute MT I am taking relentless crap for the Jets acquisition of Tebow. And justifiably.
The first job offered to you isn't necessarily the best. Robles
Ok #true #Disneych RT : Chicken Little is a true underdog story
Robert Morse of US News & World Report to speak at 2010 CHEA Annual Conf. and Intl. Seminar. See the Preliminary Program at www.chea.org.
Tomorrow? o.O haha jk ^_^ alright let's go, I ain't going anywhere lol
59 total from Orlando... #Bulls got swaggin rights
actually only 1 week from today!
Omg I just saw a pop up video commercial!!
Its gone so lets keep moving on
Ass so fat you can't fit it in ya Honda
Hope you enjoy it!
MT RT : Romney ordering a lot of ships, apparently. Normally says he wants to add 15 to Navy per yr. Today, 17.
New OS launching next summer
Whale song of inner earth muted by mutualized repetition: Automaton Victima: the paralysis drip of neural fermentation.
More potential could come out of $NASV in the form of a bounce! We see this on almost every MoMo alert!
Should only 21.4% of the court be renamed after Coach Williams?
Wow, #Wordpress is so much easier to use than #Blogger. If feel like a traitor saying it out loud, but it's true!
well you know if you feel that bad..just hurl as much as it sucks you know you'll feel better. Waste of good wine tho lol
Why was not picked to come back? I picked him to win the whole thing :(
Never been so ready for something to end. My ROTC "career" is almost over and I can NOT wait.
I'll have to check that one out. I just bought The Alchemist by
just like greenpeace
Just finished the Steve Jobs biography!
Thanks! Just sent via for Would appreciate a follow for this nonprofit volleyball club.
hahahaha love you jake thanks x100 for last night
y e-mail address is I am working on a site as we speak, but I am featured on many sites. Google me!
I applaud NY Assembly's passage of DREAM Fund bill today; must now act. Every child raised in NY deserves right to build life here
OMG ME TOO yummy ahh I love pizza & I ate chicken with rice haha :)
Sure thing, happy to have helped ;) Keep putting out new music and mixes!
I'm so very sorry Shannon. I remember Bart telling us the tragic story of the loss of ur brother during a concert i attended.
Economic dvlpment meeting Mon 630pm @ Broom Factory (press 235 to get in). Topics: plans for Red House Tavern & new townhms. All welcome.
We have abandoned this Tweet....the Government is on to us!!
For Valentines Day, I went to the Cedar Sinai Trauma Unit where I spent 9 days after the accident and brought them roses.
follow this ish!!
Strathmore Audiences to Experience First U.S. Performance of the Yunus Emre Oratorio in 50 Years
maybe try ??
glad to
Hey! I just want to ask you something. Why not you go to The Haunting of Mansfield Mansion in Conn. That is scary!
want a full report! dying to see soon!
thats a lie . Biebers made up cause they are jelous. Im a belieber and directioner. Dont get me wrong..
Uh ok
Where's the petition? I'm signing. RT : Why make West Coast off-limits 4 #DunkinDonuts? Lots of transplants
looks like water to me
Watching Taylor swift on my Ipod_touch
If you've nothing nice to say, say nothing. So that's why it's always the quiet ones who go postal.
Thanks fellas! Keep me posted on what's going on with you guys [seriously], so we can look into covering some shows for you guys!
Better day today...I think not answering my phone is the key...ha!
#ItsCrazyHow we both meet :-)
"Hope is a waking dream."
not to bad, ready to get the hell out of highschool haha
Im having a good time, they just tryin to ruin it.
Its W-I-N-D-A-Y outside
58% of people polled didn't know the year the US declared Independence. Come on people: "In 1492 Columbus sailed the ocean blue"
Fiction to the rescue!
If u have to always reach out to someone txt them first and call them first move on they a waste of TIME
Thank you to everyone who participated in our RT contest! Winner to be announced later today. New Long Sleeve Contest Monday on Facebook!
Stone cold smirk.
Who steals an american flag?? Really, jus go to walmart and buy your own....no need 2 come steal one from mine or any other house!!
Just went for the longest bike ride ever.
uh wonder who showed you that....
faareel, but it ain't no Native Touch
Don't send me crap!!
tampa? we just played there sept 25th actually. we've been there quite a few times. no worries, we'll be back!
RT : Just landed in Philly, time to go home n get some beauty rest dats 1 hunit
must be nice to do NO work!
A good girl > A "badd bitch". Anyday.
good to hear, do you feel wv should have a public charter school law?
Personal memo: I have got to check Nelnet and G. Lakes about loans.
Who came up with the brilliant idea of commercials?! Go ahead & jump a cliff!
Thanks to Eric for delivering the Comm-unity posters to Whole Foods!!
Thank you ALL for a wonderful Wednesday. Great seeing JP, Clayton, MK, and the crew.
Fuck it I'm going Monday!
I'm an INTJ
Saw these amazing heels.... So good, I almost ate them... :3
I LOVE U
Merry Christmas everyone!!! How is your Christmas and tell us what you got!!!
Everyone bailed on drinking wine with me so I guess I'll just kill this huge bottle myself.
Just checked. Betancourt's 16th walk on the season. Compare that to FIelder's 105 walks.
Hi speed chase just blew past me on I-15 S exited Sahara.. 8 cop cars, one black pickup. EEk
do you have gar steal your bait often? We can't keep the gars off of our baits here
That awkward moment when you're in the middle of telling a story and forget what the point of it was...
Any cheapo desire tasteful J. Crew bridesmaid dress for anything? I have one in 6, 8, and 10 and I promise you THEY WILL NOT BE WORN AGAIN.
Yay! RT : What an honor! Whipped is #10 on Top 100 Mom Food Blogs List! And ranked for Best Recipes too....
not sure. Heard your name and then a discussion about if you're still a lawyer, where you're from, etc, etc. It was funny.
I accidentally responded to you on my sons twitter account Mr. Dowork. yes, Boulder Lake, Gore Range, in Colorado Rockies!
should i see The Change Up or Rise Of The Planet Of The Apes?
Just watched video #climbing with her dad, it was one of the sweetest moments, made me think of my dad <3
Even with this rain, so glad it is summer not winter right now.
Saving my pennies to buy your "Love Affair" shirt. I love it so much!
thanks for being great Simon! Keep leading and influencing!
Yo bacon eggs pancakes and some grits doin it big
Very awesome seeing you tweet Tim, and congrats on passing 1,000 followers! Love your tweets that aren't the days line-up :)
I am "Mathed" out...too much calculating going on over here...my brain is going to explode.
Brains x Beauty x Availability = Constant
I almost didn't! (Worst traffic ever!) But I made it and it worth the effort, absolutely :)
just strap a mattress to your back, you can nap on the go!!
234 People repinned one of my pins. I'm tweakin
RT : Q5. We all need a personal trainer at some time or another. Who do youuse and why?
everything will get better! let me know if you need anything!! :)
I feel sick.
turn the light off.
Today, loving change, tumult, even chaos is a prerequisite for survival, let alone success. – Thomas J. Peters
So after a beautiful but sad #ThisAmericanLife, I change the station to lift my spirits and get... Adele. Rain stopped, but sadness remains.
“You may admire a girl’s curves on the first introduction, but the second meeting shows up new angles.” Mae West
please follow me back :)
This is a fun follow RT #1: I heard the Euro was spotted at DisneyWorld wearing a Make-A-Wish T-shirt.
Thursday night was always my favorite night to go out when I was in college. Where are you tonight?
just arrived this afternoon!
I wonder if that chick want the dick....
starting kelly cutrone's book "if you have to cry, go outside." my new life motto.
I can't believe its been 2 years since ur "Here we go again" album came out. 2YearsHereWeGoAgain
Don't be that stoked RT : Going to duarte for my first ever sonic experience
RT ESPN's Andy Katz is reporting that junior Hollis Thompson will leave the #Hoyas and enter the NBA Draft
What's even more shocking is that his stand in/double, Rodney Bingheimer STILL LIVES!
We are in Louisville, Kentucky & loving it! Haley's first #TheDramaYears book tour parent-daughter presentation at Ballard High School...
sup dude. Just thought I would give you a shout. I'm about as close to NC as I can get lol. Will be in Bristol in a hr
I have never met a person who annoys me more than you. Holy Christ.
Hundreds of BU students held a candlelight vigil for 3 classmates killed in a minivan crash studying abroad in New Zealand
Last night I dreamed that I invented a drink called 'Fruitavia' that made you stop wanting coffee. Worst idea.
No, not really for me. lol
super hungry ehh?
borin ass night
are you working tonight?
I wonder if this means he'll still accept me for following my heart and dating guys??
I close my eyes, and i can see a better day, I close my eyes and pray. <3
next to the bowling alley right?:o
Come talk funny with us! Diederich Ideas has Raven's dad talking comedy in a Friday show taping. Pick up tix in JH 105 by 4/26.
Downton Arby's: "Sybil, put down those curly fries this instant!"
John Locke's "A Letter Concerning Tolerance"
RT : Watching this right now makes me feel like I have a legitimate shot of scoring my first #NBA bucket! PULLING FOR YOU!!
Current obsession...maybe a tad late...but I love it!
love it when you have a song/melody idea take shape so well
Thanks so much! Glad to be back after too long of a hiatus.
How did you get the background to your twitter account? It's sweet!
Then, to answer every man directly and briefly, wisely and truly. Wisely I say I am a bachelor.
New Dr John "Revolution" sounds so good on
I wish I could tell kids to stay in school
If you want to conquer fear, do not sit home and think about it. Go out and get busy.
#first40songsonshuffle 27. Deliver Us From Evil - Bullet For My Valentine
Girls From Atlanta Are Cool
Thanks to all of our loyal followers!
Great morning workout..feeling good
we're gonna have 5 contest for fans to win something from each of us but it's not starting till later..we need ppl to be in it
Haha did the Cinnamon Challenge! I need to know who else did! Tyler please tell me!(: Sadly I forgot to watch Alex live on younow
yes. sigh
gross! I hate bad smells. That would make me so sick!
Yeah i might not sleep tonight ha
you missed a fantastic lesson today in health
BUT you can see the video had some glitches uploading from my phone, so idk if i should try to reload it?
RT behnjayeii M.O.B 'money over bitches' paper chasing
Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does <3
Plane delayed...i hate this
The get a different name suggestion, however, was directed at a different person.
what host did you go to?
DJ Larry will be spinning the music at 9pm.
Any poker affiliates out there? I'm interested in filing antitrust lawsuit against Wynn/Pokerstars/Caesars/ and a few others. We got case.
fun fact. My puppy is 3 months old and weighs over 50 pounds.
W/o more $ for more courses, can't prepare > students to xfer. But want to ensure current access is equitable
Thank you so much love!
I just want someone to come lay on my couch, watch loser love movies, & eat pizza with me :)
Some people can be so ignorant
Happy new year Keep up the great work
Did you hear? No event tomorrow! Please proceed with building your igloo.
Mike, cancelled for $$ reasons. Jeff - what happened to the Sunday Business Podcasts? No longer on iTunes. Thanks, Mike
Bad day is bad.
aAn't wait to check out your show!
Trying to convince myself that I have more than enough dresses to choose from for graduation weekend and I don't need to buy another
How big are headphones going to get before we just start to wear helmets with subwoofers inside them?
Just drove by hpc arena for the first time n 2 months, unbelievable!!
Your absence has vacuumed the space around me
So full. Delicious meal at a delicious price.
The only time I use priorities for tasks are when I have a bunch of related tasks to do in a very short period of time.
Not it. RT : 3,585 out of 6.45 million people picked all Elite 8 teams correctly in ESPN's Tournament Challenge...
Iannucciiiiiiiii! *threatening fist in the air*
And even though Hillis is active, too many ?s to start him, right?
We have added two dynamic IP pptp/l2tp/sstp servers in San Francisco - vpn-sf48 and vpn-sf49, they are available now in your customer area
Stratfor estimates (from arial photos) that the crowd in & around Tahir Square is 1/10 of the 2M claimed, only 3-4% of Cairo's population.
John Quackenbush Revolution in Physics was driven by access to data.
Super excited to get my kittens in a few weeks. (:
Imagine a place where our dreams can come true, Imagine a world that cannot exist without you
My friend, thank YOU. Looking forward to singing your praises to future employers.
The Cardinal sin is the abuse of power. ~VP Joe Biden
At Grauman's Chinese about to watch Vertigo with Kim Novak in attendance - TCM film fest rocks on...
August is the time. Alright.
wassup Angelenos! it's midnight on the streets of #LA -- where you at?!
No pike tonight?
hey question! Where do you get the clear iPhone 4 cases from?
I don't believe that it would happen like this.
Don't wanna break your wanna give ur heart a break
you're celebrity crush on ! Awh!!
Getting my fake in 3days :) can't wait
The moon<33
We should always recognize our worth, which means we should never settle for anything less than we deserve.
Done lots of weddings and special event up-dos lately. If you have pics post them so we can show off how awesome you looked!
Dr. Otis Brawley: 'The System Really Is Not Failing ... Failure Is The System' - Kaiser Health News
she did indeed - as a dean and a scholar -glad she is not leaving the faculty
Happy Thursday new followers: , , &
When you lips are on my lips then our hearts beat as one.......
Hi FW All bst FREE E-BOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited Time offer Contact
bc for every one of you there are 3 more qualified and no background. locally owned places may not check. Ie: Restaurants
Which ones are you interested in? Missing is next to be re-stocked.
Happy 4-20! Enjoy the day.
RT if you think got jacked up on execs made wrong choice w/
And website winner, Carolyn English, sixth prize winner!
where has Sleep of Old Dominion been? just listened to Christopher again and cant find any news on new projects etc. Any news?
haha I told you I messed it up!!!
Things are more like they are now than they ever were before.
Only 3 days in but I'm committed - I had minor surgery today. nothing for 3 days. no weights for 12. what should i do?
Why don't we just go to school 180 straight days and have a 185 day break. Sounds like a wonderful idea...
cancer sucks. :(
Sup my nigglets?
Thanks, as always, for the support, guys!
Haha! Yea I know lol! Aint gotta tell ME twice!
#WOTD: RT : Wilco-sky blue sky is a gorgeous, perfect record.
I don't like losing to michael redd.
I think I'm done gloating for tonight. Yeah, I'm good. Night, everybody!
On the agenda for today: lots of cooking, pup cuddling and tv.
Question of the day: Do you think humans are innately good or innately evil?
Driving me nuts last night when my phone would alert me that you texted but I couldn't read it.
you know you're my valentine, right? Xoxoxo
I believe.
Playing both sides, sh*t that I don't like
thank you !!
We're going into Nov 14-16 to finalize our song structures and get scratch tracks done.
oh wow, so my horoscope today is actually good for a change! now let's just hope it's right.(: life can get "less-difficult" anytime now!!
it's May. I wear shorts and t-shirts in May. so that's gonna happen.
When I see your face, there's not a thing that I would change but the direction I'm walking in.
Love biking rather than driving
S/o to my new follower is cool and shit so follow him
Good luck! ^TM
Had to Google that one.
If you have an iPad & an iPhone on your person, don't ask me to look shit up!
oh my god, a computer!!! -gets high- lol havent seen one in AGGEESSS
Just throwing this out there but you should totally follow back so we can DM all night long. Not really but yeah :)
Woah, so am i!
From a small sample, Sebastian Rincon looks like a possible star.
People don't need courses. Just access to knowledge when they need or want it.
love your stuff!
YOLO applies to everyone well, except jesus that niqqa live twice
The rain has come to an end. It's so nice out :)
And if you have done all you can do, then all you can do is believe. Only believe! It is so simple.
I FUXKIN LOVE YOU!!!! BRAHH PLEASE COME TO SOUTH CAROLINA ONE DAY AND MEET ME
I want Justin talented bieber to follow me RT
I dont live there anymore but I should still be around that area still
On a flight to San Francisco ;P
Please do!!
You're a lucky dude.
great, thanks!
Seconding John. Content lock-in is a deliberately engineered "feature" of the Apple ecosystem, v. diff from network effects
Still got it lol
right I was sleepy but I'm up to think I'm about to eat something to get sleepy again
THANK YOU CALEB IS DOING SO MUCH BETTER NOW STILL NEEDS TREATMENTS BUT GETTING BETTER EACH DAY HUGS TO U
After dinner and a 2hr break, we are headed out to do some more filming
Travel is more than the seeing of sights; it is a change that goes on, deep and permanent, in the ideas of living. ~ Miriam Beard
"You take your wife, your kids and get in your Goonie Goo-Goomobile and get the fuck out!"
that is one of my favorite stores
Agree and surface is a mess.But Nadal set up this scenario with his earlier gripping about the color
Did you know that operated 37 programs for veterans located in 18 states nationwide & almost a dozen more under development?
the man is so awesome, even chuck norris is confused on what to do when encountering him!
"u got2go the distance If u wanna fight a good fight u never know until u try It's hard 2c which side ur on...
My bad, I meant BILLION
Well goodnight twitter and thank you god for everything
Next Door Foundation's Walk for Children SAT MAY 19th @ 9am! Join & Walk Leader #JAMESSTARKS of the on 29th & Wright!
Derron Williams show shadow of former Jazz self winning round 2 v. J. Lin and setting stage for best NYPG battle.
Citation issued to man accused of starting wildfire
MILEY IS BEAUTIFUL MILEY IS BEAUTIFUL , MILEY IS BEAUTIFUL , MILEY IS BEAUTIFUL , MILEY IS BEAUTIFUL ,MILEY IS BEAUTIFUL
HUSTLERS LOVE ATL <3 Thank you for making great music and being awesome people!
Just in, winner of THE ULTIMATE UNDERGROUND ARTIST SHOWCASE @ Club Pyramid on Tuesday, will also receive a sit down with VP of SHADY RECORDS
Thanks for the RT!
there you are!
I wanna do so many things with my life n be somebody but I don't even know where to start
Hoping to win a few contests, like the one from & c:
Live tonight for Bike Night at Quaker Steak & Lube Middleton, WI! 5pm-9pm!
#scandalseason2 campaign needs to be kicked off!!!
Has a college basketball team ever forfeited? Because, um, Marquette...
sure. Need more? How about cat poop? Bet I could find some of that.
Go in for a check up, doc notices my drunk bruises and sends me in for a full blood work up, mentioning leukemia??? Wtf??!
I def. won't spoil it. Just didn't dig it. Overall though, a great throwback to old arty Sci-fi. Kubrick in particular.
Happy Halloween!!!!!
i'm terrified about losing the people that i love the most.
not really l...just kidding SQUIRTS':)
Working on two awesome new songs.
Lime green sweater! Why?
That's awesome. You're gonna be a beast when your program's over
I believe you :-)
From May 9 – 15, many U.S. libraries will celebrate Preservation Week @ your library. Find local events @ www.ala.org/preservationweek.
omg so technically i'm going to nashville this summer too! ah
I don't want to admit that it's over..
Revolutionary Cleaning can power wash siding, patios, roofs and other hardscape areas of any commercial or residential property
- I hope u will make a dairy-free cuppie in 2012. You guys r my fave, but dairy hates my guts. <3
If the liberals are in power the conservatives complain and vice versa. Ignore the chitchat and pay attention to the world around you.
Everyone needs someone on the squad willing to pull their coat and #chincheck them #thankful i have a WONDERFUL village & we laugh later :-)
I wish bro
Rain in AZ...what a happy surprise :D
EU that was the sh*t back in the day,haha! I almost got School Daze on DVD the other day.
spammers posted your first tweet?
": Simon's Cat now has his own daily comic strip in the Daily Mirror newspaper!" how sweet is that !! Meoww
You're beautiful baby from the outside, in, chase your dreams, but always know the road that'll lead you home again.<3
convinced me to take her to see The Hunger Games. We shall see what the fuss is about.
they will both sides are talking very good relationship
USA! Congrats to the US Mens Soccer Team for beating Italy in Italy for 1st time in 82 years!
Live on CRUNKFORCHRIST RADIO,CHECK US OUT LIVE ON YA ANDROID on TUNE IN RADIO APP,ARE YA LAPTOP ,IN YA CAR
Beany boy just made his debut on #PlayboyRadio with me and He's such a ladies man!!
Thanks man. Always working to make the clients shine bright!
will do. Stress management is so important for self care & to prevent freak outs on others
I am already looking into a Costa Rica trip after Mark is done with Warped Tour..just have to make sure it happens this year!
My dad was watching a tv show called 13!!!! Has nothing to do with the musical but still
come to Chicago!
I looked at OSU -3.5 +115, didn't last long......I love halftime lines!
busy with the kids. Really busy with new clients.Planning to travel for work. Amazed how my destiny is playing out.
you read my mind <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
bro you cant talk like that lmaooo
"The past can hurt, you can either run from it or learn from it."
No!!!! My Arizona Ice Tea!!
I hate being awake first when i'm at my friends house, but I also hate being last.
yeah...I'm sure that's the *only* reason... :P
goodniht:D :) sleep good:)
i may be a communist, but i still listen to one boss. baby we were born to ruuuuunnnn!
Your too funny
when was this?! Lol
It made my day to see that you're coming to Philly in April. It says all ages though? I'm hoping this is a mistake.
Blow Out T-Shirt SALE @ www.bleachercreaturesusa.com 2 Shirts for $20.00
that could be followed by :the Stephanie Baum story and be the title of your autobiography
you too. Talk soon. Let me know if you're ever in sf
it was the matchup.
About to use a spiral binder machine for the first time since 1999. Wish me luck.
Not sure why we've dressed Morrison & O'Donnel if we're trying to win ths game
In dressing room with Rita Moreno, Carol Channing, Liz Calloway, Dale Kristen, Tyne Dale and Vicki Lewis. How lucky can I be as a performer!
Toni Braxton's voice is beautiful. Wow. I never get sick of hearing her deep voice crooning.
I posted it this morning, but I'll share it again, in case you missed it. Hold please.
Don't make promises you know you can't keep.
if you get to 1000 followers by 10:00 your buying us shots.
Just woke up, and although it's really late for me, i'm still shattered :/.
Hey FYI this is Kristin from and is Marilyn from :) *waves* for future reference! :)
Enjoying a team dinner at Chilis. Really like the chemistry between these guys. Feel like they truly enjoy each other.
Loved tonight's episode, the first Lady was awesome.
Thankfully Michael Taylor is being sent down in favor of Collin Cowgill.
It's tough being a Sharks fan. I'm rooting for them to get at least one, looking like its gonna be another long off season
I hope your not talking about your lovely friend leslie!! Haha
RAINY DAY in Miami, but the show must go on. I've gotta show up because #educationistheCivilRightsissue ofmygeneration.
I disagree, I think Fred Savage probably really did that.
Tim Thomas Big Time Plays
follow please?
Home sweet home and a bitch is STARVING!
Last tweet...maybe. Pageant this weekend in Gatlinburg. Going to march madness to watch my gators next week :)
01/27/10, STAR Award winners share how they have made some dramatic differences in their teams and organizations. register: www.astdrmc.org
Chris Kreider goal.
": lol, first off, SaSa, it's "crooked letter" lol but what were you doin in MS?" Lol I kno but I said it "country"
Oh hahaha I meant to text that to my sister! Not tweet it!
Just finished playing the story mode of Batman Arkham City. That game is super pimp!
You're welcome!
its a beautiful day
Obviously if your talking bad about me around my BEST FRIENDS they are going to tell me...
An insider just told me that Google is moving away from digitization of library books; not merely a supply-side slowdown
Officially addicted to
for sure!
Welcome to Twitter our bassist, !!
Hmm.. Trying to find a recipe for those simple, refreshing apparizer bites. Low-cal style. Which one of you has amazing low cal recipes?
I think "disconnect" is a perfectly fine noun, as in, "She sensed a disconnect between their opinions." Too bad dictionaries disagree wi ...
thank you!
Derek rose tore his acl its
RT if you'll do a dance for a #Cubs win today!
I've been waiting to hear Whitney's "I Will Always Love You" live on the air!! Did I miss it?
What's goin on for spring break??????
It would be so cool if covered the rampant #CJD #Prion disease in our food system.
I hate this feeling.
why is your picture ? haha.. not weird at all
I know why too many people here right now that I didn't know last year. Who the fuck are ya'll?
umm why u aint here at tgif's with us sir?
“: 2012 is going to be an awesome year" yes ma'am I'm counting on it!!!
RT : Average budget deficits under Bush: $251 billion. Under Obama: $1.3 trillion
Those who believe in causing others misery will forever live in misery. Pray for the 9/11 victims and that it never happens again.
I wanted to tell a joke about my dick but its too long to fit in 140 characters
Just took sick beat. Guy floated me oop & got there with a 6 outer..
Thank you to #FIDM for hosting the Career Connections! It was fun sharing our story with aspiring fashionista!
Blacklavender got the airconditioner on antartica today! Cause the sun is blazing!
Yes, we were wondering about SJSU Library & ILL materials. Some of us work in ILL, but didn't use for
Some days we're the angry birds being hurled at pigs. And some days we're the pigs being attacked by angry birds.
- probably time to change it up since he hasn't won in, i dont even know but it's been a while to say the least.
both are good prospects. But look at Bradford. A good year and horrible so far this year, Sam was good, proved it & it's NBD now.
The gentleman on the front of the #DeuxEx game reminds me a little bit of Jeff Goldblum.
Hi All, I'll be performing live with Kiran Ahluwalia's group on the estimable Leonard Lopate Show (WNYC) tomorrow at 12:30ish EST...
please keep us posted....should set up a little special tasting!
A very full day / some successes, some failures / all signs point to good . And for all of you out there, I bid you a fond goodnight!
And thanks to for rigging up UStream for everyone to see!
Trying to come up with an unexpected, original gift for my wife that I can buy online!
EVERYONE VOTE FOR JORDAN! GIRLS GOT SOME SMARTZ! GO VOTE! cbs.com/bigbrother GIVE JORDAN VOTE!
Wow. That's intense. I def appreciate the discipline.
Woo prom is awesome!
"But now in Christ Jesus you who once were far away have been brought near by the blood of Christ." [Ephesians 2:13]
I've had the best fun jumping on trampolines with my nieces! Never laughed so much!
The greatest 15 months with <3
happy birthday!(:
Looking for Piano Benches, Covers, Keyboard stands...we would be happy to order what you need.
oh i dodnt read it
is it the one in Florida or the one in Ohio?
Look out Tustin, CA, we're taking 5hundy on the road! “: DID SOMEONE SAY CHILI COOK-OFF????”
Anyone need stripes on their parking lot?
Eat the Hersheys.:D
when your gf is smart as hell fighting gets more deep and hurts more...but helps you understand each other more
Looking forward to seeing Ambassador Andrew Young & Mrs. Carolyn Young in Washington for the MLK Jr. Memorial dedication festivities.
. I didn't think I could get more jealous of all the ppl at #sxsw, but you just did it. Love the Spazmatics!
It's amazing the number of things I'm interested in buying simply because they put an orangutan in the advert. "Well, he likes that, I might
That's a perfect example. For movie, if it's 70, I am definitely going to see it. If it were 60 bucks, nope.
stop airing political adverts. Quite possibly the most deceitful messaging I have ever heard.
Why is Huntsman missing from tonight's debate on ABC? Just curious.
Buzzing in my office reminds me of Dr. Szell in Marathon Man. Speaking of Marathons, we had one here in Pittsburgh a couple of days ago.
Well ice-creams always good
I love tanning out it's so relaxing <U+2665>
Does anybody else run an imaginary counter in their mind when filling up a water bottle from a cooler (or fountain or sink)? Is it just me?
That would be RT : Mucho props to the DJ at Smokin' Hot Aces at the Venetian for playing Breathe's "Say a Prayer"
These old ladies are obsessing over these little trees.
In order for people to be happy, sometimes they have to take risks. It's true these risks can put them in danger of being hurt. Cabot, Meg
where u at diiiide
My arm still hurts from da shot!!!!! Y does it still hurt!?
It Got Real In Bayard
Building a Faithbridge doesn’t mean u have the necessary tools 2 build it. It means u have the belief system 2 complete the assignment given
Just finishing up dinner Make sure to hit this joint - delicious, creative, unique.
thanks bro!
Always love an eye catching HAT ! RT : What Wingstop branded merchandise would you like to own?
KISS KISS BANG BANG?
Greek Week Kick-Off tonight at Rockin Rodeo. 1009 Ave C
Chatting with a location about their food allergy customers
Autistic people dont necessarily "get lonely" just bcuz we spend time by ourselves-actually we create things because we r calm
ooohh haha well idk there's a lot of thing to do on there (:
cancelled Thursday shoot at Kelly Elementary due to wx ... bummed but we'll make the most out of the day
That's yummy! RT : Yay going to go get some Starbucks & Krispy Kreme ^.^
Hey RT : hey u
Oho! Even better... (Imagine me wringing my hands like Mr. Burns.)
blowing stuff up, fuck the police!
showing your videos to my bestfriend. You're so amazing! :D
“: IM TEAM BULLS ALL DAY.. BUT FUCK ALL YALL IF YOU DONT LIKE WHAT IM SAYIN.... THIS AINT GONE DO IT FOR ss
yea and she hasn't been on fb since she said she made it so lol
Love College Basketball...
OMG. I had a crash during the Microsoft Security Tuesday patches and now I'm getting the black screen of death with wiggly cursor constantly
What voice do deaf people hear when they think to themselves cause they've never heard their voice before...?
It's May Day and I've no one to shag. Lame.
Yes I see this.. Ill b back w a new 1 soon..
Potential Bottom Line segment?
Bummer on the cold! I hope you are feeling better today!
get used to mowing their lawn. We take care of our neighbors so it doesn't get out of control. They are being foreclosed
SO READY FOR NEXT WEEKEND....NEED A BREAK FROM THE SAME ROUTINE
yes!!! I'm so proud of you!! That run this morning still got me tired.<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0093>
Totally immersed in THE FIERY CROSS, it's great catching up with Claire & Jamie et al. Disc 8 of 47!
Did anyone see Savage U at OSU? Made me miss college! Seeing all the kids partying...good ole OSU
me too. Omfg I don't even wanna think about it... and what's your tumblr?
Finna go to warped tour this year!
#YouKnowICareWhen you got me sending those Good Morning texts <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009D>
Remember the day we thought we got lucky when we picked up some jewelry someone dropped? Only to find out it was all #fake gold!
Getting dressed then off to Queens :D
Im wondering if when you fat all of one thing then go to the next if that's abnormal
Loved it there. Especially County Records.
I both hate and respect you all for keeping me tagged in this boring convo
Plus we don't need any strikers. How bout other than Verm, Clichy, and Djourou a whole new back line and another Dmid. Sell cesc
do you like green tea?
When I first saw the Time magazine cover I was jealous of that kid. I wanna suck that lady's titty.
Are you guys coming to Immortal Tonight at Staples
I am of the opinion that my life belongs to the community, and as long as I live it is my privilege to do for it whatever I can
Today, Al Young was diagnosed for the second time with Leukemia.
School would be 10x more better if we knew we didn't have to bring it home with us at night -.-
Madras (pronounced mud-raas) was the old English name for a city in Southern India. It's now called Chennai.
Heading home from great Board meeting Always great to serve the wonderful students of #ORU!
Commit to the lord in whatever you do, and your plans shall succeed. Proverbs 16:3
So sorry to miss meeting you and learning with you today at Region X!
Its okay I'm the limo driver
What's up? What's the q?
thank you for the kind words Based God. You're truly an inspiration to all mankind!
Shower Got Me Feeling Good<U+30C4>
Michigan 2-0 with Wisconsin coming to bat in the first inning.
I spoke about my own rape (called it one for the first time) thanks to your blog. All those people gave me strength.
To my gay friends hurting over the vote in NC: I hope Obama's words have helped you. Let's push for equality!
um, YEAH!!! haha, yesterday i saw the ready set, nevershoutnever, &2AM club!!!! best concert ever!
thanks for the "fruity" shots haha
The new hawks homepage looks awesome.
“: I love fsu's campus. It's so beautiful <U+2764>” come take me back
Melanie was amazing. She should win the whole thing.
I guess it beats falling asleep on the couch like I did last night! :)
I can't wait till I go home.
you should come to Pittsburgh this weekend!
Goal for summer 2012: Actually get tan. Sick of blinding people.
The #Orioles really need to capitalize on this laughable pitching.
maybe badger bball to (know you don't care about that. Lol)
"anyone can play guitar" 'cluding me
Being called baby by someone you don't like. <<<<<
definitely man
I have some emotional niggas on my TL lol
#JSON to be a first class citizen in #MarkLogic you can get the best of both #XML and
lol tell me, if u had a person in yo life tht hated sumn u love n pretty much a liar n hypocritical, what would you do?
Still haven't gotten Trespassing in the mail... but it's only 4:50 in the afternoon... it could still come. : /
Hey all you locals- will be in Glendale !!!!
Remember: Jobs are owned by the company, you own your career! -E. Nightingale
Friday night. had Smoked Vanilla Bean Porter, Summer Saison, pizza & brussels. Yum.
God I love your tweets you make me piss my self LMAO...
don't try to save the money- go to a person Doctor. It's not the kind of thing you want to skimp on, Lemon.
Love your work
Yikes, what a pain for you. What did you move it to Patricia?
because of practice i can't hang with Alex..i have a feeling he was gunna ask me something important..
Just changed my three month old girl. I enjoy it because she always smiles at me when she has a brand new dry diaper!
both are correct. Folklore has it that Michigander was a slight against governor cass from lincoln. Michiganian + goose.
#HappyMothersDay future mother in law sleeping in the next bedroom, my Parents coming over tomorrow and were doing brunch at Zengo in SM!
#cnndialogues #RobertWoodson: In America it's ok to fail and waste millions of money if you are well intentioned and socially conscious.
i really look cute doe lbs i never put on clothes for school i guess i wanted to look nice my last day
Coming up on the , the LA arsonist has been caught. We're learning more about his motive this morning.
If your world doesn't allow you to dream, move to one where you can. -Billy Idol
you know it is! I'm pretty good at remotely controlling juke boxes via twitter
i officially have enough oreos for a lifetime, thanks to my dads weekly care package
LMAOOO laying low.
two finals tomorrow and I'm finished with LSU.. it's a weird bittersweet feeling.
bolt to the world 9.82 you predicted
Feels like we just had a little earthquake.
Different ???? Good joke girl lmao
I still need good social media partners. please send your proposals to . I am currently overwhelmed. Best wishes: Joe
hey can you hit me up with your contact info
Entry Lists Released For Campbell/Wright Invitational
Hello friends and fans! The Nue Jazz Project will be back in action soon so stay tuned for updated gig info!
Lets do it Grizz!!!!!
I love my momma but she can't ever admit when she wrong! Smh!
is there a way i can get a physical copy of any of ur cds?? Im looking all over and cant find it
What type do they sing?
Tip #194: We can all improve our game. In order to move at max speed we must build in 15%+ of our #poker time into just studying the game.
"so true , luv it !: My life, my choices, my mistakes, my lessons, not your business."
Good luck!
Developing an awesome PR and marketing strategy for our client, Egard Watches! Then I have to prepare for my speaking engagement tonight! A…
I love him so much. I really hope when Mad Men and 30 Rock are done, he and Tina do a single-camera comedy together.
I found an IHOP in Brooklyn and right in the neighborhood. How did I not already know this. Bond and Livingston.
hes coming to NY, you can meet him again <33
You're wonderful! Yahooey! RT : Sweet! Just submitted my first grant for ! Now...the weekend!
I havent like Boston for ages but I have mad respect for Ray Allen
Time and health are two precious assets that we don't recognize and appreciate until they have been depleted
Good morning Twitter and my awesome followers.
irv indy is not a bad team, i hope you didnt think mia was gonna run right over them. Indy can take this series
Salsa dancing tonight at the Latin Quarter in Annapolis, 169 West Street, 9pm lesson, 10pm open dancing. Free cover. Lesson $10. Parking $2
I jumped that bandwagon too many times to know better than to root for the Canucks :D
gotchaa well that sucks
The play is finished! 5 characters. A one act. Playwright festival reading invitation. Nov. 28th 7pm. FAU Studio One.
Everybody go and follow she will follow right back i promise!:DWhen you followed her RT so i can give you a shoutout!:D
Gonna pretend the traffic I hear on 66 is the ocean.
I'm Hungry >_<
The president of CSU just made a funny about how terrible the parking is here!
sometimes I have eat before and after but usually just before. Thanks for the info though!
Had pleasure or playing Prentiss' shrink on M. Lange's last episode. If she's done...who will I treat?
they have some in Louisiana. I bought a dozen
I really can't believe how many people take the elevator to just the second floor...
Woke up startled as hell
don't forget the plumbing! the plummmbinnnng!!!
TUNE IN NOW to "Down Time Radio" with Unique and Neesh Every Wed 2-4pm
They finish with a couple rants on other sports news and their NCAA Tourney Final Four predictions. Download and listen today!! (3/4)
Crowd D? There was 2800 people there. A just for showing up RT : Tonight's Grades: UW C, Crowd D, Refs F-
Jeremy, y u no act normal anymore?! :'(
C'mon guys. Hang in there.
you guys watching the Flyers vs. Devils game?
#ff and help coordinate social movements to stop
Ready to have a good day over here in the office
AM LyricalPursuit "No longer riding on the merrygoround. I just had to let it go." #goodmorning!
well they get pretty ripe around 13...
Whale ass tho? RT : I'm not against wealth , but the attitude that comes along with some people who are wealthy sucks whale ass
I'm alcohol intolerant. It only took me 21 years to figure it out...
what happened to "don't burn your bridges" because you just set yours up in flames.
Castillo released. No franchise tag on Vincent Jackson.
Thanks for the follow!
Good look Amare. Very inspiring. Godbless u and urs.
pick me?<3
Bullies like that rarely grow out of it.
#sla2011 SLA members: all the 2012 bd candidates thank you for yr support & best wishes!
Niggga's Really Think Cuz Im Not Gay Im Not A Fan #Bitch Look At My Profile Pics And Tell Me Dat.Bitch
NEW MENU COMING OUT SOON!
The WRLC Communications blog has received a major overhaul. Go check it out!
thanks for the follow! We look forward to your tweets.
Yesterday's 3-2 L by the #Marlins was their 3rd by that score, the most in
There is smoke coming out of one of the lights at new park and ride because rain is filling in sconce. Bad design?
high-five! so well-deserved!
aiight I guess we can do that
HahahaHaha! That's exactly why i chose it to be my profile pic!! Get with it Grizel! Haha
will be partying with Dina B & The Persuaders tonight at Uncle Mick's. See ya on the dance floor!
Lonely, I'm a true loner
RT #EatLocalHi Challenge: Take a field trip to a farmers’ market for a scavenger hunt. Many are within walking distance of schools.
Cool I'm texting n twitterin from the same phone
merry christmas to you too! :)
*girls. RT “: Just the thought of you talkin to other guys just worries me that I might loose you for good .”
Last Friday Night
Doing research today for lunch at Roscoe's chicken and waffles. M so good
just constantly surprised by the things I learn about myself that I never knew...they're all right here on twitter!
I've been waiting for the love child of Janis Joplin and Mick Jagger for too long... Put out an album, girl! You f'ing rock
oh Madison. lol.
on my way home from ocean city it was really fun :p
This lady's last name is Hooker. I will not make jokes; I will not make jokes...
Laura, you bring up the sexiest of topics! Don't know much; they last a long time but not forever (we don't either).
alright I know thts right lol I'm ready to go on spring break myself lol..how Sonaj doing
looks awesome! I was looking around for just this very thing! I'll def be in touch about joining up!
you're so lucky he answered you
hey you dana, get off of twitter, go study for psych exams.
All these lames wanna follow me on instagram and twitter this is not a charity. Lmfao I will not accept or follow back.
Oops, I still have my name tag on. Stylish.
Question for experienced tweeters, I posted a pic of myself, however I cannot see it unless I click my profile all I see is an egg? Help?
are u gonna be in Lubbock this weekend, homo?
How are you liking Chicago vs. Texas?
I promise i'll tweet more!
Email of the year.
so now I have 3 guitars, still gonna get my "Les Paul" tho =P oh yeah x))
I think I'll do that:) how long do I have?
ALERT: What took you so long?! RT : Its been a while since I chugged a beer in class
Thanks! Let us know what you think :))))
Thanks for the mention. It's a labor of love.
remember the titans :)
LOL yeah and it hurt too!:P
I can see that. How are finals???
magic springs!
Heading out to have some home cooked BBQ ribs at my brother's house for a family BBQ in Texas... I haven't had good ribs in a long time
If I was a betting man I would bet Romney will claim "supporting gay marriage is a conservative value" by the end of the month.
and if you really hate them that much, mentioning them by name to all your followers is only gonna get their names out more
where can I get a (free) copy of your summer DMI preso?
Even when fans leave Austin, Mama Mahone never will. She was there from the beginning, and she'll be til the end. She's the biggest Mahomie.
What if I just left the studio mid session?
Nice. Why didn't I think of that?
You & me both girl! I'm ready for them to come back!
“: lol me either i just know it is also in the Dallas area lmao”lmao
February 7: Reading Lolita in Tehran book group discussion at 12:15. Read it now, before you have homework!
Led Zepplin or Pink Floyd?
getting excited for the Oscars...I thinks I am in love w/ ..Now I have to just get him to feel the same...LOL :)
Off to work :-) early shift later
The banana pudding milkshake is back at the Chick-Fil-A near you! We must make plans to go partake soon!
Yep! Finishing up soon I hope.
#MUCat T. Delsey transition tools built into RDA, reinforcing ties to AACR2?
What time is Thursday's Ales from the Vault event for #ACBW?
TONIGHT - Semi-uplugged at FM in Gahanna!
i always love 's USTREAMS.
Wow thanks for the advice everyone! Tons of great people on my twitter list. :D
: Glad to hear it. Stay warm and out of the wind!
Officially smitten. No turning back now.
Wonder why people don't call root canals "zombie teeth."
hey thanks for following! come out to a show sometime!
KnowledgeLake Supports SQL Server 2012 Enhanced Performance Capabilities Within The KnowledgeLake Product Suite
Do you receive The VOICE newsletter?
Just like , time to #CmdW + get back to it! This shot list isn't going to make itself. (Thanks for nothing, 21st century.)
that's what I'm talkin bout! Get it!
Yep. I took off work to give me time to find whatever it was too.
Home from work
IT WAS NOT ME WHO GOT THEM!
Artists are some of the most courageous people on earth. Through their political, social, & personal fears they still make the choice to act
The trade is official & almost complete. Seattle gets the awesome in exchange for #OKC getting the Sonics er Thunder.
Just fixed a small bug on the sign up page that affected FireFox users where certain data wouldn't validate properly. It's all good now.
Face wash in eyes = I'm a dumb ass
Unsure how to dress for this weather... at least the sun is out though!
No matter what my choice is, I'm still hurting either way. *sigghhhh*
I cant wait for food. OMG.
Bout to put dis Digiorno Pizza in da oven
RT : is truly great - one of the masters! // No doubt!!
"If you plant a tree, you take care of it. If you plant an ecosystem, it takes care of you." - SF Urban Permaculture Design Course
I want to go to Helsinki and Dublin and Amsterdam and London and Paris and Madrid and Valencia and Vienna
vocal aural pairing viewed as powerful enough to conquer the spectral in consciousness raising
Thank you sir! : The special today is stupendous. Awesome combo of flavors.
Like a happy ending?
haha thank you! im Bryan i will see what the guys are doing for warped tour and maybe you might see them there
Back in Columbus... putting in some work.... I'm trying to perfect my creativity using art and design
79 killed in Syria yesterday. - JDG
I lost my travel coffee mug somewhere in Target. This would be the third mug I've lost/broken in 2012. Disappointing turn of events.
LITL hats will be in this week pre order yours now
#SO @ @ Be_GreenEnergy Thanks for the #follow!
You know you have real friends when you hang out and study together
i got Off.early... Got ot all next week tho
getting mad and assuming I deleted your number!
Ugh SO annoyed
scrapple's good.
So long we are loved by others I should say that we are almost indispensable; and no man is useless while he has a friend. - RobertStevenson
can't respond to your dm because your not following me and didn't really understand the question
im thinking about Cooper
Thanks! Hope all is well there too.Morning coffee is a must. The must be even more high energy than before with espresso:)
U can tweet or call 9737334311 for any non-emergency City service. U can call Code Enforce direct at 9737333706.
let us know if you ever form Bacon Communities :) We'd be first to sign up!
Show tonight at the Grog Shop!
ya know... We could just cut that part off...
Tom Morello was just rude to his guitar tech after a song about standing up for workers.
"Develop a passion for learning. If you do, you will never cease to grow." - Anthony J. D'Angelo
if Austin Mahone followed me I would die come back to life and die again Please follow me it'd make my life!!!
In google+, no one can hear you scream
and looking into various ways to make money online
hahaha I'm on it! :D
Friend: "I want another kid." Me: "WHY?!?! Think of all the money you could blow on yourself instead!"
R.I.P. Pastor Zachery Tims, Dead at 42
The principles of true #art is not to portray, but to evoke. -Jerzy Kosinski #quote RT
Your Life Is Not To Live Mines... And My Life Is Not To Live Yours...
Yup. IMO the I.T. industry certifications business is one of the biggest rackets going.
i love people. i love culture and adventure and laughter. and yet... inanimate objects like the perfect pair of boots bring me such joy...
Poland needs your help. Do something, please!
I got money hidden in my mattress ..they say one more thing wrong and I'm stealing their car and leaving #5thousand..last time i counted
This. Is. Why. I. Drink.
Still workin out all the details, just givin cats the heads-up!
thanks have a good chirstmas too lets hope that comes to our houses this year with gifts hehe
Why are so many people being misdiagnosed w/their thyroid? Because MDs receive less than 15 hours of nutritional studies in an 8 year degree
That's awesome. I hope that something works out for you soon.
I don't see why you wanna come into my life now when you failed to be there all those years I needed you
thinking about you!! Love you and miss you much!!
this week went by so fast!! i cant believe today is friday already
-I didn't like the Beatles in the 60's, still don't.
What program do you use? Re: Book trailer.
Catch the LA Zombies tonight on Channel 34 At 6pm and 11pm
singing GMYH at bamboozle and...?
Holy plaid! #MadMen sportcoats & crinoline
Second Saturday was a hit "SNO" thanks everyone for supporting "SNO" Clothing!!! SnoClothing.com
RT InsiderTeam: follow us on twitter and facebook (InsiderTeam) to learn how to drive business to your website - NO BS MARKETING SYSTEM!
PEACE GMF, I'M 1 OF YOUR YOUTUBE FRIENDS "GRANDMASTERP88" I'VE BEEN PLAYIN YOUR BA-DOP-BOOM-BANG ALBUM FROM "88"!!!!! 1 LOVE!!!
When you argue remember to bring up issues with a soft start up. Bringing things up harshly will only provoke your partner to be harsh too.
lol do wine let's you think straight?
I picture at work striking the Heisman pose while wearing a cape made out of the dreams of kids in Newark
Last steak night if the year tonight! TIP: get there early. Will sell out quick.
lol! Maybe it will keep the aliens from sucking out your brains! Haha!
'bout to get my drink on tonight. LONG WEEK. any1 else?
Being a full blooded ninja
thanks to everybody for coming to DC9 last night!
kudos to #nascar competition and #daytona500 track crew for keeping safety the #priority last night ... no alternative for safety!
enjoy the sun Frankie! There's no sun in NYC today, nothing but rain and fog!! :(
I just finished a 6.38 mi run with a time of 1:02:12 with Nike+ GPS.
Little relive of college rocking out to Vampire Weekend before hit the rd to Nashville 4 the audition!
RT : is the greatest thing to happen to me today. Can't WAIT to learn a new language this summer!
To succeed in business it is necessary to make others see things as you see them
You're welcome.
Drunk people run stop signs, high people wait for them to turn green.
Really?!?... RT : Y'all taking advice from Steve Harvey an he divorced...
me to!
if I pass in a null value to Element.attr will it remove the attribute?
"My new book Leveraging Linkedin to be ready in January of 2012!!! at Dream Job"
She Told That Manee' ! >>
congrats on signing w the saints...I wish you success
but in this case...not this sunday but possibly next sunday #moviedate?
The #cavs are playing all-star game caliber defense.
it didn't work. He jumped.
ok that shitz raw
Quickbooks for Beginners April 24, 9am. This workshop is for new users and introductions to the basics using Quickbooks. Info 344-3933
saw Fenty ("Mayor McPissypants") in Smartcar on 15th St last night with cell headpiece... isn't that illegal?
another timeless hit from the artist behind the unforgettable "Bitch set me up"
You guys have the personel for a 43 defense kelsay could go back to end and darreus n kyle Williams great tandem inside.
RT : who do I get in touch with at Rackspace about compensation for reduced productivity? :)
Kids of my time have mastered peeing and texting
I can't find for the right song to how I'm feeling now
“The search for truth is more precious than its possession.” Albert Einstein
Thank you everyone for the great presentations and turnout! Look forward to next DC Animation Group!
never mind lol what are you doing?
live show? R u kidding me... Thats awesome *paris voice* ;) hahah
Finally made it to bookshop and lending library in Boyle Heights. It's great! just like everybody says.
Second flight today cancelled - in a row.
Im kinda freaked out right now.
shitty end to an otherwise decent night, all over some major BS.
"how strange it is to think that it has been almost a whole year since you’ve traced the lines of my face"
it's 1st grade.. Who cares lol
I can send you the questions if you want?
I know man...I'm pretty stoked..
Making your friends feel better when they're sad or stressed. >>>>>>>>>>>>>
I dont need anymore empty promises and lies.... I get enough of that from our government.
He's already guilty. You're showing ur biased skirt. Police said "don't approach". What part of that do u not get.
Step 2? What's Step 2 in this process?
So. I'm leaving THURSDAYY
"The OCLC Control Number is anticipated to reach one billion sometime after July 1, 2013." from message of the day. Catalogers r busy!
Sitting next to a dyke <
no, much different, thicker yolk and better flavor. Free range.
Flying up to NH. Dad received new kidney this morning thanks to unknown organ donor & great team at Lahey Clinic. Thanks 4 prayers & support
Apply for a Tech Position That Doesn&#39;t Exist
Everyone in LA is at Trader Joe's right now.
hey look #themainetour is trending worldwide! :)
like which ones?! im trying to find some that I'm interested in but I already missed the AAR and ARTTM, and SIO one! :/
meet your future wife . get onn that harry!
Afternoon #Audition :)
really? Mines just started lucky me c; haha Really? Are you in school or something? Thats great (:
Very cool.
LOL - this made my day [much less productive].
i know!!! he is having an after party but it's 21+ lol
You'd never know it's a holiday F-150 production in full swing at Dearborn Truck Plant today. Monday they will rest.
Jeez ur fast. At least Front office is thinking outside the box to bring in talent.
good morning!! Go24!!
And folks just SWEAR they can't pronounce "Mahalia"!
glad I could help you out at #blogathonatx. Look forward to seeing you at next WordPress Austin meetup!
Your the one for me..
Come on !! Always believe in BC!!
yes , none stop !
Man looks good and so does CarrotTop
happy birthday bro have a blessed day fam
Going to the bank to talk with them about anything is always a pain.
Or Chris Spencer for that matter...
3 minutes already went went? wow. that was quick
Trouble neglects you angels protect u
too scared to look in his fuckin yearbook...
Have a good breakfast! Have a great day Drew!
Beware of roving DUI patrols and DUI checkpoints tonight. Check with for up-to-the-minute info on checkpoints in your area
take my belt off haha im pootie tang lls.
Wow, just yesterday I had low 200 followers and now I have over 500. Yayy!! Thanks guys!! :)
o ok
i like what i see
It was climax ..
RT : Develop the community, encourage interaction, refine discussion topics in the future via
Good Morning, Lube Nation! We have a question - which bite of the wing is the best - the first one or the last?
happy first day! :)
No dead frogs for you?!? Bahaha
Boyfriend sounds like sex omfg
Did my mom really just say "Jesus is making it rain"? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
I'm so funny!!!
you need a Fanny pack I swear!
. don’t let cut child care & afterschool for 47K kids!
thank you so much! God bless you.
Ain't no sunshine when she's gone.
I left and didn't buy it.thislady asked how my service was and if I found what I wanted I said no and it sucked.
do u like it?
they're playing it again at 9:35 in Miami. about 12 minutes!(:
RT : Improving Markets Index Expands to 30 Metros in November: The number of improving housing markets con......
Pulled him pretty early. Guess he held up ok...
#vs11beta Design is improved, but it's still hard to distinguish the icons in the solution explorer. Folders & Files need more separation.
#JustinBieberIsHandsome is trending. He is actually very cute, but handsome... Hm not sure
but I'm a canon guy. Not sure about other brands
wish I could go!! Break a leg!!
isn't it crazy how your horoscope can be so true?
RIP Whitney Houston! A music legend that will be greatly missed!
Too busy to tweet. Thats when you know life is too busy. :((((
I know l'm a day late, and commenting on Mad Men is like being all, "The Wire!," but... Rory Gilmore!!!
they give that person a new experience by peddling nonsense. The person actually thinks they're talking to that dead person.
Never cry for the person who hurts you. Just smile and say "Thanks for giving me the chance to find someone better than you"
How do I get at you about a collabo
"Most attractive film aliens" - Yeah, remind me to never log on Yahoo News again.
This turned into a crap day really fast.
always classy never trashy I rude the line
To anyone who receives a direct message from me it is spam I am sorry! Do not open it!
ugh mondays are forever awful.
You are the only one that gets me,knows me,feels me,hurts me.
POTUS supporting gay marriage is a historic shift in the movement for #marriageequality and he's on the right side of history.
Thank you and best of luck to you!
What happened?! Fast forward to summer?
can yall make some diffrent beats again. Music sucks right now.
Trying to watch football and UFC at once! What a great night
It is snowing at Penn State & its 40 here...and you wonder why im going south
Out came the sun and dried up all the rain, So the crazy, obsessed runner went out to run again.
that may be indicative of an underlying medical condition. .keloidsurvey.com
dot dot dot that's all i'm saying hahah jk that made my night in some strange way.
AGREED! RT : you need stiletto cam on site
Only Piers Morgan and Samir Nasri could take a selfless gesture like giving money to charity and turn it sour. Just be men about it.
It's 3:02, i have school tomorrow, and i cant sleep.
And so we go to OT!!!
Hope you all have a great Friday!!!
: I don't recall talking to you on the trolley but yeah I was @ SWC as well doing transfer credits/Sun too. Do you have a facebook?
I wish Ray Lewis had a spiked jersey like Beetlejuice.
Forgive sounds good. Forget, I'm not sure I could. They say time heals everything, but I'm still waiting.
Missing the love of my life...cant wait to see him :)
Worked to hard to fail so hopefully I passed
I am being bombarded with player bots!
We're going #CommercialFree in 5 min - Plus, has 3-Day passes to !
My set has been moved up to start at 9:30.... not 10:00
You did great tonight. You were amazing. I wished u got slimed though.
ah maybe later(;
#union got away with own there in the box. Definitely contact there. Oh well. Go Philly!
NEVER add your mom.
An experience most people have and never forget...their first shot of everclear...the real everclear
im sorry thats right you have double the dose of raging hormones! Lol
hello back at you. I'm looking forward to your tweets :)
Munch THE Brunch ? haha
Yus, very. :D
Does the agreement with Dish include them showing TVW in their local channels? I hope so.
I like that quote. PS, I know I'm late but the new site it nice!
My sure your #Following !
I was about to be like, how do you not starve with what you said??? Lol.
I would love to rent an RV and hire a driver to take my friends and me around the country.
If Whitlock eats all the truck sandwiches before I get there, sandwiches should be banned for causing gluttony
So many updates to MISSING cast --
Les and Mark are talking to Race Central's Kurt Hansen on The Score right now! Tune in for that and Free Beer Friday at 9:30, 1510 AM!
I don't have a voice. Maybe I won't have to stay for rehearsals.. I can't say a word, lol.
I shall paint my nails!
I feel like after a hangover.
Going to be so sad if cat doesn't get over the ceiling fan soon. Our place is tiny- she can't spend her whole life in the living room! Help?
seriously, so happy that nbc renewed community. bated breath to hear about parks and rec's fate.
Natalie you're making me blush over here haha. Thanks so much :-)
Do any of you know #WhatIsIACP?
16 days away from our 5 year anniversary ;)
I'm not a big fan of the Vistaprint ad: "250 free business cards!" Thanks, but no thanks.
I have been infanticizing about you all day.
hope u read this but just wanted to let u know that I LOVE YOU and that YOUR AMAZING NEVER FORGET THAT!!! XOXOXO <3
it's okay. Would you be aloud Saturday into Sunday ?
You activated before you posted the picture of your code, right? :)
holy shit you're awesome at Draw Thing!
Stuck in Denver? Snowboarding perhaps.
Went and looked at apartments with my dad today!(: I think we found one we likke: )
could this indicate that the trucker hat and/or leopard print movements are almost dead? we can only hope.
Say what you want, Do what you please, but you will never be better then me.
Shoe salesmen sell soles. EROCK
Hey, where you been, stranger???
RT : I've talked to enough people to make a safe assumption....Mike Shanahan will soon be named the head coach of the Redskins.
My Friend is hacking my account!!!-_-BITCH xD
wasn't that almost identical to the Marchand goal in Game 7 against Vancouver
HAPPY BIRTHDAY !!!
wish my daughter would call me back!! Texted and called be nothing.
I mean when you are that age too. You look great now.
Water for elephants is the sweetest movie ever :)
#Now Playing : Take One Last Breath by Abandon All Ships (:
I love having connections
I still need to see last week's TVD episode, but fingers crossed I will this weekend!
Iguanas can stay under water for up to thirty minutes
The Oscars might be over but the parties are just beginning. Entering the Kodak Theatre in T-minus 6 hrs!
Just returned from Chicago after completing the YMCA's CEO Institute program. Met a group of other amazing YMCA CEOs and facilitators/prese…
RT : Lots of people are emailing us about our Beginner's Workshop Class and where it will be hosted: [...] online j.mp/peDpTs
Don't want to be a jerk but, when a posting says no remote applications - only local applicants. It means if you're not local don't apply.
I wouldn't want to work there? I mean, everyone makes mistakes, but it bugs me when people don't proofread public documents.
Mac n Wiz in the Burgh at the same concert
RIP Whitney Houston! So sad!
Goodluck to all running this weekend! check out HCEF's ad in the online goody bag for a fall #5K -
Thanks for following back! We're into darts in a big way.
OK – yet MUST cover more local biz RT What do you think of decision to charge for online edition?
that chick Cortney that I am going out with Thursday watches smash...I see if she has any tips on
I use "Existential Crisis" as a figure of speech in my personal rhetoric, but I don't quite understand existentialism. #hypocrite?
launched an xmas sweepstakes. could win 1 of 5 $100 Amex giftcards for signing up with foodgizmo. www.foodgizmo.com. pay some xmas bills!
Training on her first day on the job.
you down? Like James brown? Two times!
type t y p e TYPE. deletedeletedelete
Darling tells supporters that she is waiting for a call from her opponent. She later told news reporters that she has not declared victory.
Back to Green at lap 180 with 1 and 2 at
I think that God makes us think that we like people that 'we can't have' to help us raise our standards so we meet the right one <3
"My dog is my valentine." -shit HPU girls say
Going to Rudy's. Meet us there.
": Practice today was the best all week for me!"
just don't like doing the mowing. :)
This Savage character certainly seems qualified to talk about bullying...or was it anti-bullying?
The life we live is from stories we create, is your story thriving in positive and empowering moments?
Okay, I need a producer.
RE belt and etc..... so now that it is almost bigger than high5's is it time for something new for 2011 season?
bruh, you need your own political radio show. Lol I bet it would be off da chain!
i say panelists*should* be humanized- i mentioned the guys' kids-but don't think I should be qualified as the smartest "lady!"
I voted too many times and now my hands hurt. Can I get a followback now? (:
Ha! via : "Bumper sticker on a pickup truck: Driver does not carry cash. He's married."
What do you guys think about the new profile image? Its from a photoshoot last month with :)
OK, Aesop Rock. I never listened to any of his albums
We've tried wikis (dokuwiki), a blog, but are now using a sharepoint site for shared docs, small databases (lists), and forums.
Lakers my team
Hope to see you! Happy Pre-Friday! RT : in that case I'll try my best!
Looking forward to founder #tsw2012 preso "turning your camera on your phone into a gaming device"
thanks I'm 40 but i RTed
Meeting new people is always nice, even better when you share common interests
next time... Both of us will get in : )
Scotts Branch High School is a rural high school joining the #newtechnetwork through i3 grant
Just a single line of Javascript code. One of your users, , asked us if he could put our code up on his Jux blog.
Old ladies are so cute ..my god.
great day of writing and getting work done... Met a new artist and were doing some songs with him in a couple months... gotta love it :-)
Great bands rehearse constantly. Great teams practice daily.
I think haberdashery is making a comeback. I see lots of hipsters wearing Trilbies and Fedoras these days...
#AskMindless COMMENT... thank u guys so much for loving your fans
"Your faith that brought you to where you are, will not take you to where God wants you to be. Each step req a daily renewal of faith."
Fandor Launches Keyframe as the Digital Magazine of Independent and International Film
Don't think I'll be at school tomorrow...Peyton's got her echo at Riley Hospital...
Happy Birthday !
US SC delivers opinion in Schwab v. Reilly case involving interpretation of provisions within s 522 of the US Bankruptcy Code.
Renoites: I have a friend who needs a pair of life size angel wings for a short video shoot Sunday afternoon. Anyone have a pair to loan?
Looking back at your exes and thinking what the hell was I on?
Yeah. Go try and get some rest. I'm sure it will help.
WHAT UP KIDD...BE IN ATL TOM...
Its like ahh then I have to do my Freshmen reading projects :/
Ppl sleeping on me Haha
When you buy a poor product or service, you just return or exchange it, or get it fixed. A bad haircut is an unfortunate exception.
Ya boy back in action,mixtape coming soon produced by Trouble Maker Ent....stay tuned
Paycheck in the bank, that means ordering my gear :D
And Seth Sinovic gets the start for Sporting KC as they battle Vancouver tonight!!!
One is in the works, :)) Thank you for asking. We will hopefully be announcing it soon!
You are never a loser until you quit trying. Mike Ditka
Thanks so much! :)
Families of the victims of sexual exploitation visited House of Hope today & we were able to be a fly on the wall as Oscar addressed the ...
I bet
"DON'T PISS UP MY ASS AND TELL ME IT'S RAINING OUT THERE CHARLIE!"
Ah yeah Metta World Peace is certified #Crazy!
Wealthy mindsets think "experience." Cost is never an issue where experience is valued.
I think Papa Murphy's really believes cooking a pizza at home in my own oven is an innovation. Cute.
Grind today at work. So much to do
What a great weekend! It *finally* feels good to be a dc sports fan. thanks caps and nats : D
haha def not I expect the same!
Jajaja im so stupid if you gays what to know y tweet me because its so boring
Property Values: Real Estate for $350,000 A contemporary in Charlotte, a ranch house in Phoenix and an 1890 house in New Hampshire.
people who are top of mind will consistently win
true. Enjoy this historic season he is putting on and you'll be able to say ya I watched him every night
Have a good foggy morning South Miami...
aint that it!
Sun alas... Kirkland waterfront looks beautiful right now.
that's cool , i'm a freshmen (x lol 9th grader !
Hi Hooligan! U still making beautiful art for us I love U! Geronimo looks so chibi.
Yahoo Sports reporting Blazers have fired Head Coach Nate McMillan. Nothing official from team as of now
Check out teamvic.com for your nutirtional supplement needs and personal training advice.
When people are going out and they completely ignore each other. Whats the point?
Fall seven times, stand up eight.
I Got Nothing But Love For You Baby .
#IwantSomebody who will be there for me when I need him.
“: Alright, question for all my new Kentucky followers: What team are you most scared of- UNC, Ohio St, Syracuse, and U Conn.
cause I don't live there.
The Bexar County Casual's watch party is at Alamo Heightsn
Beautiful! Contests on your union.
bring it
"Instead of basic training, we could just do test prep. It's called 'drill n kill,' right?" -- Rejected Army ideas.
Anyone remember Chief Wahoo McDaniel? What a racist character that was...
Our interview tally for #lastofthebreed is now over 50 amazing musicians, historians, and award winning artists. Going to be a great film.
Hitched 2 trailers on 1st attempt. I may the best church plant trailer puller ever.
For the first time since George #Huguely was convicted for killing #Yeardley Love her mom speaks in DC about domestic violence.
Oh what a tangled web we weave when first we practice to deceive
oh yeah, follow all the Laurs
word. See what I mean? Her face is jacked.
The #crashers should totally come to my house.
Really enjoying Buzz's Garage on tonight!
see the truth is want me as her dude again but keep tryna pkay me talkin bout I got hoes when really she got all tha hoes
Just saw two homeless men hitting each other with pieces of cardboard. Pillow fight?
Big love to our guests tonight on The Sunday Night Shakedown on 98.9 The Buzz! Thanks for listening!
One examample of absurdity of UN: Libya sits on the Human Rights Council!!
Welcome new followers: , , ,
": Geesh my fingers must be iPhone fat tonight!" Ha, At least you have an iPhone, I'm stuck in Berrynation! :)
What do you mean? Could you clarify?
At tim and scott's show with todd!
Family member mocks me for wtching #sytycd clips all the time
Owwie I'm gonna wear that shit every damn day lmao
Food > homework OBVIOUSLY.
which ones?
Hi Dallas, thanks for following me. Couldn't watch the webinair last Wed., but plan to watch the tape. Have a good evening.
you're at warped tour this year?!?! :D
very very sweet. Thank you for being there!
“ “ The worst feeling ever is not knowing whether you should wait or give up.””
forwarded that site to me n my bestie. We are SO making that.
Too many strangers on this bus to sleep... guess ill
If someone wants to take the videotapes of & edit them down to five minute segments and post them to Vimeo, drop a line
Communication is the key to better health too! Shout out to #UVA doctoral student Malinda studying better communication methods!
Escape and breathe a little... :)
I don't think I have ever been so relaxed before.
let us know if you have any questions /cc
Heading out to #yogaonarooftop Thanks ! will I see you there or are you prepping other events?
Note to self:FIBER ONE BARS ARE NOT CANDY
We learned our fourth grandchild will be a girl; due in 3 months. Name: Evelyn Marie RT Share something great about your day!
Brendon was great. I actually liked him much more in person! Sometimes on video he seems schmarmy to me but live he was so genuine.
Ack! Glad you're ok. & I had a shot of whiskey for you. Long-distance medicine!
Txtn and walking ticket?!?!? SERIO!? That's a fucken joke right?!
#LeslieNielsen RIP, funny man. And stop calling me Shirley.
Happy Birthday ! VINEYARD NITE JAN 13!! MY 3RD TIME!
Would lv to have you visit us! I been to the program when Ivana did her fashion show in the confection room at Macy's. So cool!
DUI CheckPoints - Long Beach - South patrol division (the fun area by the bars), 6pm-2am
love how they are all the same. Everything's fair game.
Awesome training at Werdums!!
#boyfriend #1 everywhere? Favorite song on replay! love you, now to get noticed follow?X4
Oh, man, I've really let some LinkedIn invitations go to seed here.
Missed this! Benjamin Lukoff, University of Washington, 1996
Its only Tuesday...
Looking forward to drinking a pimm's cup at a super bowl party since I won't be watching
crazy!! Do h have a headache?
#ThingsThatFrustrateMe when people give out my number without asking. Omg really?..
Sounds like a great event! I'd like to donate a couple Lipstick Laws copies.
"PROS and CONS:A Fantasy Football Movie" www.imdb.com/title/tt1626197/ See the "LEATHERHEADS" 'RAY and DAN' RETWEET PLEASE! RT RT RT RT
Have a fun and relaxing spring break graduate students!
Thank you for all the updates for !!!
Uh... windshield wipers in use? excuse me? It can't be raining!
Owl City Friday @ the House of Blues in Boston!!! I can't wait!!! :D
I Am What I Am #JonasFromTheStart x
let me go to sleep DAMN ! Lol
Watching Tarzan with my baby cousins ( : <3
Cuz that's what real niggas do ! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Thank goodness #girlswithnoass won't end up w/ big, sloppy, jiggly, cellulite-riddled ass when older. :-)
sorry I missed you this morning. Hope to see you again soon!
don't even have to take the test. i'm totally Granny Weatherwax. :P
Lol, but I won't keep you up too late #twitterboo...just hit me up tomorrow :)
Omg what a night
Remember to check-in at your next visit and you will receive a free sample of Unite's Boosta or Lazer Straight!!
thanks for the check in! Hope you're having fun!
#thatawkwardmomentwhen you realize you're tweeting from online AND on your phone.
": R.I.P. to my ninja Steve he used to dunk on Ninjas" hell yeah!! R.I.P. Steve
Everytime WMYB or One Thing comes on the radio i think about haha
CAN'T KEEP SCORING ONLY A COUPLE RUNS A GAME AND EXPECT TO WIN......REDS LOSE BOTTEM OF 9TH. ON WILD PITCH.
Our goal is always to give you - our audience - the experience of watching real life unfold - and sometimes unravel - right before your eyes
good. After this class, I need it. I vote next week
you'll do fine! Sleep the first half of the day and don't study. Skim!
Happy hour til 7pm. Live music with the Zimis 9pm. Good food, drinks and company
im almost positive that yu dnt i can bet my last newport thAt yu dnt. Lol. Humor me....where yu stay? Lol
Crappy crappy day.
i agree it is impossible but i would never hurt anyone if they dont hurt me first
Coral is the it color at tonight's banquet!
I didn't love Race to Witch Mountain but for a kids movie the special effects were Action Movie worthy!
I just emailed you guys. Hit me back if you like our sound.
Agreed. I used to be funny and a badass, but now that I'm not anonymous I suck
My cousin was telling me that we should go, and I told her I can't cause I have chorus practice and Bard's open house. :(
She'll never admit it but she is. Dangit!
truee, but some ugly nerdy parents that have big ol' noses have the cutest babies ever. Lol
hahahaha wow...you and Zach literally came up with an elaborate plan just for that hahah
I want to go home spending the night in the hotel cuz roads were glare ice and couldn't get on 100. Cool
Right on the border of Chicago. The town is called Park Ridge...it's really nice.
Damn you Justin Bieber movie! Damn you for being so enjoyable.
Those two shows combined net out to being about equal to
Wishing everyone a happy and safe holiday weekend!
whoa I don't take notes for myself lol
the true secret to happiness is to grow super chronic sticky Nugs! What?
Surprise The Sliders show tonight. 3085 Shore Drive, Merrick. 8pm sharp. =)
Craziness of the NBA this season: Blazers scored 7 points in 1st quarter last night vs Lakers. Tonight they score 41 in 1st vs Spurs.
Hello love! Just discovered you on here. Love your tag line!! So happy to see you doin your thing!! <3
welcome back
Wonder when they were hired? Before Obama became President?
I have enough hairspray in my hair to cause global warming.
Gertken: Swift uses metaphor of balance to talk balance of power
You knew that I was gon be somethin you stressed out if you need somethin I gotcha. Yea look what youve done.
Did you know that over 300 merchants accept RepeatReceipt in the Boston area?!? Take a picture of your receipt today during lunch!
Great to participate in yesterday’s #MetroWest #Homelessness Forum in #Wellesley, thanks to everyone who stopped by HHC’s table!
You know you're a photographer when you focus more on the lighting, contrast, bokeh, and focus rather on the movie itself.
lol, Mississippi is very boring.
Crime reporter Bolan nominated for award
My youngest child will be 5yrs old in two weeks. Where does the time go.
All I've had to eat today is 6 saltine crackers and 1/4 can of Sprite. So ready to be over whatever I have and eat food again.
What are you doing tonight? Have you signed our petition yet?
Going 2 cook ur fav meal,run u some bath water,massage u,lick & suck ur pussy,& give u this good dick 4 no reason at all other than I love u
u never heard my music
of course i pasted in front of ft lauderdale airport when i was in miami :)
that makes sense then. Now I know why at least. Cool.
Hey! How's it going?
Feel weird watching football right now
performs to the lights and sounds of St. Patrick's Day at 11am on #Lightscape. Come to State/Madison or State/Monroe to watch.
Now would be a great time to riot. Let's mobilize! Hehe
: WIN a TORGOEN Swiss T30 watch of your choice! For a chance of winning SIMPLY follow us & RT! Closes 05/31/12!
The Packers!
Thx, Jessica! You know I *love* a platform to mouth off about 'born this way' b.s.
We watch you guys every evening. The barbers & all of our customers love you guys so much! Big ups to 106 & Park!
the animated fonts are awesome
RT : There are now 20,843 Jeremy Lin items on eBay, the most listings of any active NBA player (Kobe is #2 with 19,579)
"At the end of the day - you can't take everyone on your journey with you, some people you are going to have to just leave behind!"
Great find! :)
Watching a movie to end the night with my Mom<3
You Are What You Do Today – Many people say they have good habits. Yet, their daily actions do not reflect it.
hey Roberta, how's the house hunting going?
everything will even itself out u will be below .500 just like the Twins...
my mother and i wanna wish you a happy mothers day! give isaiah a kiss for us
Sunday night from 10 to 11pm pizza and sundaes menu!
RT this if you are ready for the Brewers Opening Day this Friday!!
A THOUSAND YESSES! Message me I would love to find out more specifics. Thanks!
Wine Bar in River?
That was no joke!!! You are beautiful! :)
Join a new company, be one of the first to try some fantastic products! Check out suzanne.snackhealthy.com
Dogs need love! Have you hugged your dog today?
What are we celebrating? >> : In honor of 9AM coffee Friday Con Pane in Liberty Station
We think we've seen each other in passing at a show. Possibly. But I hadn't met David either and you encouraged that one.
pls translate your tweet to me in English
how did Hughes/Winn look today?
is jamming to justin bieber right now
RT : 350:When the Spanish arrived, at least 250,000 Native Americans lived in Florida.
“ Soo granny say it suppose to storm later. . .BestSexTimeEver Omg!”
I'm so easily influenced. Watching #uppers interview w author of Bringing Up Bebe...just ordered the book on AbeBooks.
#FF follow these amazing boys called They are so amazing :)!! <333
what happened bro?
full room at general session - glad to see so many colleagues here!
we are living a tvless existence this week...I hope it's online soon
Congrats on your new EP, , sounding great so far!
Daily Dharma: Love and Nourish Your Body, Mind & Spirit Though we often think of massages as a special treat and indulgence it is in fact
Ah I can't wait till the shop is ready to open an I won't have to stress anymore.
Can someone recommend a small, casual but chic restaurant on the upper east side? American or Italian cuisine. Thanks!
Sorry all. This was not meant for distribution. I used the wrong Send Box - and, yes, what am idiot move that was. I apologize.
I can't take it!!!
I hear you there. But I'm skipping out on the Italian football today and taking a nap. Granted it's AC Milan - darn.
I take that back, 7 babies. Rock on.
I don't think he knows yet
nothin at all.. The way i dress doesn't mix well with em
Fuck this ! i cant finish this presentation !
well put
So I Guess I'm Goin To East Tonight
A woman should always be about her word. even if a man fails to do so...
my mom had said she was done because they was being disrespectful to the lords prayer
oops! training today
boiiiii! You better text me or tweet me when you're in austin!! We are so gonna chill and make music.
Local is preferred, but it might be flexible.
yes the sleep process and its issues are fascinating and scary at same time - think relates!!!
No worries Tam, I appreciate your helping me get heard and I'm glad you like it. I'm more interested in getting my music heard...
I love coming to English class and finding out that we won't have class again until Friday :)))))
who wants to go eat sushi w/me(: ?
these miami squirrels are too brave....they will come and sit directly next to you!
i did i did woop noww i look like a retard
When people have 12 followers: they always say hi. When people have 2000 followers:bitch your not important I'm to busy being twitter famous
I need me a hairless body, the ghetto ass that I already have and 's titties. And then I will be happy.
Building the bookmobile of the 21st century. Today's topic in Library Test Kitchen. (Does it have books or is it the LIVEBRARY?)
Don't worry, our mobile app will be available for the iPhone soon!
darling please reply <3
u tell me? Lol
New headphones! No more dick ears.^_^
Browne's current work on Gorillas. Known only by small bits until 1858. Wolf 1858 was the public image and substitute specimen.
Hummingbirds in Cincinnati this past weekend too | RT : Hummingbirds have returned to the CO Rockies!
RT : Excited to be among some *prestigious* names as a speaker w/
Similar for DC,
But I'm thrilled to pieces to finally get to meet you!! & did you know, I'm in a for real #socialmedia job now? Yay!
Handing out postcards with twitter handle and # to people waiting in a line generates a TON of content b/c ppl have nothng to do!
:D Amazing how happy music makes you happy! A simple concept we forget.
Thanks -- It is nice to meet you too!
First item, Abolish Fox News.
Not getting vote for pulse of people award from me or
Having a blast shooting "Porcupine Hugs" In Pennsylvania! Have a look at the Actor's Intensive facebook page!
it was so pretty! I couldnt stop looking at it! Lol I have no idea what's wrong with me :(
Wishing you and your family a Happy, Healthy & Prosperous New Year!
Your so cute(; Ahaha.
prerequisites for being a stage = Absolutely anything Betsy is standing on.... All the world's a stage" according to Shakespeare
So it's $9 one-way on Hiawatha Service Line from Union Station to N Suburban Glenview.
For what I do, I could see me never getting another chance
Thin line between love and hate
really considering late night shooting
Christmas was blessed!
yep...boston is done.
Back in the equipment room, thinking about how my volunteer movie making has made me a poor tech force employee. Good thing that's over.
And then you remember "Fat or Pregnant?" on the 52. Happy Spring!
repping USF tomorrow at Disney, and USF women's soccer hosts an exhibition tourney Saturday. Great weekend to be a BULL!
That's right apotheosis CDs available soon
"We're all about raising our kids without losing ourselves, with wine as a totally acceptable coping strategy."
Is it okay if I lay in bed until noon if I worked 80 hours this week?
got a headache but ready for next week !!!
1) Who are you? 2) Where are you going? 3) What will you do when you get there?
almost reached 2 million x
What is with today? Yesterday was so low key and today its like 20 emails at once...
I followed.
Can we all agree that bjork isn't creative, she's just crazy?
Scared bout skool today, my moms making me go.
So far, we've developed a marketing plan & timeline. Since sumer is "slow season" it's perfect for a brown bag lunch.
Toaster: A gift that every member of the family appreciates. Automatically burns toast.
Tweet it? Would love to see :)
I'm fasting from ESPN for the rest of the week. Seriously.
How far is it from my apartment to the Olympic Day Spa? 1.1 miles.
We are rehearsing like mad people! Flu Season feels so close! Buy your tickets now!
"Sleep Walking Diaries" video shot this weekend. "Dangerous Roses" in progress. New music is on its way!
