Today is National Cook a Sweet Potato Day or if you prefer it's National Cherry Pie Day
Yoga before dawn...........I hear the husky conversation between the Great Owls.
Work work work
Thanks for the RTs and mentions. Have a successful day!
So psyched that is following us. Our whole team here at The Coolest Giveaways LOVES the early show :)
. Why'd you tell what I asked about the money, you idiot?
ok thanks!
Fucking Bruins, let's get our heads out of our asses...
the bible says worship this, but the scriptures written by man though
The Project does not and why we switched to them even though we are not the target audience - grey nomads!
also, that's a great pickup line. "[Damn, baby.] You have a fro [down there]? I want to touch and stick [my] pick in it!"
Much easier to purchase needed fencing from instead of competition. Order, select store, pickup, fast!
People can be so gross and selfish. I hate how guilty of this I am, too. I want out.
Alpha Chi Omega installed Zeta Omega at Western Carolina University on April 20, 1985. Happy Founders Day !
My guess is Oklahoma State's coach is pissed.
it opened back up at the end of April. Thank god for the twitter feed had to search a bit or that.
I have been working on eating smaller portions. I just ordered 1/2 as much as I used to and felt extremely stuffed .
The happiest people don't necessarily have the best things, they just simply appreciate the things they have.
just another day i sit around thinking about how everything i want is in CA.
Can't wait for Spring, getting tired of all the snow!!!!
Award music at compititions always make me feel like a super hero.
if you dont believe in miracles perhaps youve forgotten you are one <3
Actual headline: "Santorum surges from behind in Iowa." Ha! I bet it does from time to time. #santorum, #dansavage,
neither and both, but I'm sure app valuations will never match of a standalone site
OMG Carinn!!!! Congrats!
Cindy has now divided screen into 4 chatpods so participants can respond to multiple questions at same time
I hope this isn't a bad thing.
You know you're getting close to the gala when you're at work on a saturday from 11 am to midnight.
Color can help simplify the story - Mark Allen
The scale is beginning to tip over! After a late surge in the bond market, Best Execution 30 YR Fixed is now 3.99!! No that's not a typo...
the power of man his version has like 10x more plays RT : nah thats the crazy thing lol. its :hat chopped btw
Grubbing down on some yummy dinner from Tony's Cable Car Restaurant off Geary! Strwbry Banana shake! M!
"Fabulous Mix Tape" is a great name itself.
I don't remember him saying anything about it. Haha bad communication
Living in DC is great b/c of free and awesome museums. I am spoiled & now get confused when asked to pay admission fees!!
Stop eating white potatoes and eat sweet potatoes instead!
y u no take me?!
same here they are so comfy
#MyFavoriteRapperRightNow Eminem! Always has been, always will be <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
stuck in narnia
I was hacked don't open it! spam demon got me
Attacking my maple pecan cranberry feta salad - only $3.99 from whole foods! The best salad on earth.
facebook=dead
Oh well... I'm lazy.
follow me? U DM'Ed me before!!<3
looking fine like always
He's such a hawt mamma...
Following! I can send you details if you DM me your e-mail
I really miss
Congrats! Wishing you and the little one good health and much happiness...
CAU is filled with sum ghetto staffers, boy they got problems!
Hammer Time
I'm overdosing on Christmas music,... its coming too fast!
Blk people stop thinkin Chinese People eat chinese food everyday. Do we eat SOUL FOOD everyday?
HAPPY FRIDAY ALL!
The night Our Hero had a triple double!
it happens to the best of us. No worries!
I'm trying man...trust me, I'm trying!
Just smashed on some of that freshly grilled at Bday BBQ wit
Chilling on a hot night...oh yeah...
:| are u nervous about going into High School?
There hasn't been one team in the playoffs yet that look like they can hang with the Thunder. They're on another level right now.
Listening to my husband vs. bees' nest on porch is like listening to someone who's convinced they're battling a swarm of tracker jackers.
um. i'm hungry.
is trending now obviously because his amazing and its his birthday but i mean when isnt he amazing so wish him best wishes<U+2665>
#Smh I told you you was gon do this, just accept that Lebron isn't a Playoff type player lol
Finna fall asleep in my mommy bed.
happy mothers day to u
PARTY TIME
thanks for following us! We post photos regularly of kids in action! Keep us in mind if you ever need family/garden shots!
Don't expect me to be the one who gives in and apologies first
The Forgotten Garden by Kate Morton
Just you wait!
; guys i feel lonely.
I have to deal with everyone pitying me today for not making one of the choirs I wanted. Grreaaaat.
Copy/pasted from a text. I'll let her know you don't like her spelling.
ROCK THE WORLD HECK YEAH!!
YOUNG FOREVER IN SUPER SHOES. THAT IS MAH JAM. NO SHAME IN DANCING.
#itsTimeForYouToRealize tht nobody is going to like u if u keep dressing like tht
Life is a long lesson in humility.
Mitt Romney's idea of helping middle class is firing them (BAIN CAPITAL) and offshoring the jobs to China, India, etc.
Wikipedia better not shut down. Just went to the doctor and I knew more from my wiki research than she did!
Omg get over it !
After sleeping through a 100 million years we have finally opened our eyes on an opulent planet, plentiful with life.
Art develops cultures and brings about new perspectives.
Miss ya brooksman! So jealous I have to miss ANOTHER Giants baseball fun filled weekend :( bo lol Hope 2 c u soon!
And my mom was all, "Emily, aren't you glad I didn't have kids right away? You'd be 35 right now."
"Jenny with you I'm bound to smile way more then usual, laugh more then expected and leave with a good mood, your contagious" <3 -Love Sonia
"Dreams are journeys that take one far from familiar shores, strengthening the heart, empowering the soul."
Do the papers you print on contain optical brightners (OBAs)?
I put the FUN in FUNeral!
Great recording session today with producer Jamie Muffett (The Invisible Producer)/! Stay tuned for some new music from us. :)
Got to work this mind like I been working these abs and I might just get somewhere! :p
MT : "Take 'when you grow up' out of the question: 'What do you want to do when you grow up.'"
I'm almost use to been lied to but I want accept them
And not too far from Eden Prairie we'll be hosting a spooky Saturday activity for kids at The Bakken Museum :)
Legalize Gay
They get all the big stars; Tuesday Skip will be debating Squiggy from Laverne and Shirley about Tebow's throwing motion
I like how Kristen Stewart's 'transformation into a vampire' is just her with red eyes. Can't she get a jaunty cape or something?
i dont have your number ,,.
Lawmaker: No &#39;bad acts&#39; for Secret Service
I followed both profilrs can u follow me? Are u the official kendal vertes or is it someone else?
me and my friends are going to N/O next week
hear hear, some things can't (or shouldn't) be measured & that's okay.
Going through new headshots - picking one is daunting!
DAMN CAN WE GET LL ON THE CYPHER
I know how you feel!!
We now offer Checkout for payments!
so this might seem a little desperate but...
Thanks to everyone who voted for us. Unfortunately we did not make it into the edgefest. No worries we got so much coming this summer!!
I didn't expect this result from #lfc. A quote from is telling: "secured Bolton's first points over Liverpool since 2006"
what up folks!
how about some UMass Lax love?
Could not have!
If another person says Kentucky could beat an NBA team I will punch you. It would be a blowout. Did you not watch that game?
#NYC users - if you're near Deutsche Bank take a photo and upload to Cash is waiting for you :)
#nccetl ITdir says panel still on old hierarchy. If library is learning cloud then admin and librarians share responsibility/vision
I am the shit...I'm on the red carpet again wit Said Faraj
The Grannies want to hear what some of your New Year's resolutions are. Please share! :)
1st Sammamish football game of the year tonight:)
Chanting "we love Obamacare!"
If you're still around at lunch, let me know! There's a bacon sandwich over here that you'd appreciate almost as much as I do.
Watching Summer School on AMC. Mark Harmon at his best, and hard to believe that it was released 25 years ago.
that could be a possibility in the future man! i like helping kids
RT If it's already Friday in your part of the world, what are you reading to ring in the weekend?
I am? See news happens all over. Lol Have great day!!
NP- Drake Ft. The Weeknd "Crew Love"......My Song
coo..u are so cute wuy
what's your prediction tonight? I say CATS by 7!
we need to skate
MT : Right? He blocked me but still wants to whine. / Tavis Smiley is Tavis Smiley's gift to Tavis Smiley!
I have started to add a process engine to Canappi and I can certainly share some thoughts
Smoking Turn Me ^^^^^^ iHtae Feeling
What PLN resources would you recommend to an educator teaching English to Spanish-speaking students in Madrid, Spain?
I need a new copy of Sula...I'm not sure where mine is.
likes triangles . <U+2764>
Yeah, the man just followed me about 15 mins. ago. Haven't seen a match from him, so... lol
There's always that ONE person that gets In the way.
i really don't think the beatles are all that good..
thanks for the great twitter stream, you help me feel like I'm in the Big House.
what's the secret? I can barely get past morning coffee without a stain!
no. I texted her about it.
I JUST WANT TO MEET CHRIS RENE.
now that's more like it
Govt insurance/guarantees always foster bad choices. Hurricane ins., guaranteed pensions, FHA/VA loans, and, of course, SS.
It's Friday. Follow me. Why not?
God sleeps in the minerals, awakens in plants, walks in animals, and thinks in man
I rather listen to reggae than thug music anyday
Overshare! RT : Dating is hard you guys, especially for a dude who takes a viagra & has already nicknamed his penis "Dating"
26 DUNKS THIS QUARTER BEST CENTER EVER
great! thanks again for the LPs
Everyone knows you're the best actor in Hollywood, some of the media I think does what they can to get a rise out of you..
when do you guys get out of school?
that's how u feel
OK, you were right, today is WARM and....awesome. cc
Hi, ; welcome 2 the hood! Last night's BCA meeting featured Marvin Rich, local activist who's protesting racial tension. Let's talk
k(; and oh woww.
Real School: Child wants to rock out; parent prefers classical training
thanks for the follow. This will be an amazing adventure. This has been a great year, striving to be wheat/gluten free.
"I might not be where I want to be, but thank God I'm not where I used to be. I'm ok, and I'm on my way!”
can you guys talk more technique? You seem to be focusing a lot on anecdotes rather than dealing with Big Data in PHP. Thanks!
I am heading in to change this minute! Xxoo for the night!! :-)
yeah I know haha
Getting ready for work
Albert Pujols taking heat for 0 HR so far this season after big contract. Prince Fielder only has 1 HR though after signing his big contract
Wow your new Studio is beautiful! Great to see you today!!
Ordered a bourbon, ginger beer, an bitters, as I do. Was poured a rye, water, and bitters. The fuck?
Thank you so much. I love your cause as well.
Check with www.capitalcitysports.com for upcoming summer leagues throughout Columbus!
Apparently a place called World of Beer is opening on Brady with 500 kinds of beer and 40 on tap. Woah!!
Granicus finally made it to Milwaukee for #icma11... learned from locals that Mason st. is the place to go for food and drink...
One direction looks and sounds like a young the wanted.
THANK YOU to everyone working the the bar/restaurant industry tonight! Thanks for giving up your Saturday night.
i wonder is the oakland raiders snapback the equivalent to the Cincinnati Red Baseball fitted
#highkey mad I gotta stay a week for that
Never leave our team.
Good morning #Baltimore! Happy April! Did anyone get pranked really good yesterday? We feel like having a good laugh this am...
Stop gazing at what you are supposed to be glancing at. Pastor Moore
YES NO SWIMMING TODAY! :)))
Sad part about it is when some of their hangovers wear off, some of them are still stupid enough to think it was cool to do
you going to Mtsu? And you will have fun there lol especially if you love to party
Well hit the gym..feeln healthy and gr8! Cnt wait for bball to start! Im pumped!
It's nothing better than a man that's career focused and takes good care of his wifey
thank you all very much!
haha right, with his bad self lol why didn't you come to the lil get together we had for em on Saturday
Heading to Indy today..NO SCHOOL :D...
will do!
M....they're really good.
where at? Your leaving tonite
yeah I was actually thinking of ur living room but master bedroom would be more private. U have space :)
For the last 6 months I've been stuck on music that makes me think abstract sex and drug overdose..
I feel u..prolly stayin til the NBA finals are over..u stayin?
Studying Biology using a college text. Purves 1998, Life. Had not realized how amazingly understandable this stuff is. Deep.
Pleasant dreams twitterbugs.
My favorite two languages I only speak on twitter to some of my tweet peeps w/ the help of Google translator.
#AaronNorris is in the house!
of course!! :) xox
So weird that Jimmy Dykes mentions Bell Co on air...
<3 Np Keep up the grind mama in 5 years I wanna see us as filthy rich billionaires with no one stopping us
60 degrees today!!! It's open the windows and breathe in a good intention day!!
This too, shall pass ...
They're not a for style they're to maintain you hairstyle
haha yeah. Even at the end of last week basketball was slowing stuff down...
Good morning! Have a magical day!
forget them I got you
MAN MY COUISN BOUT TO LEAVE
Merci! We look forward to tweeting with you. RT : Love your yummy food! Thanks so much for following.
“: Graduates at Louisiana High School Defy Commencement Prayer Ban" I'm holding back from yelling at the commenter at the end.
I'm flying back to Pgh to get my hair dun smh I really need to find a damn hair stylist that KNOWS wat they doin!!!
Getting ready for a #Nebraska Cornhusker bowl victory!
Good morning #Tarheelnation! It was a good run we need to hold our heads high. With all that happen this yr iam proud to be a #TARHEEL!
Cant wait till the olympics
So it continued to update but I walked away for a moment and it popped up saying I still need to update. WTF I been doing this for 3 hours..
Have u ever seem a fly bum chillen on the train lol
sounds great! Time?
let's not forget who has a twitter acct in the fam
yes where are you looking?
thanks girl miss you !
do you solely use king county metro?
Perfect for vegans, or just for feeling great after eating healthy. D
Great call this morning to learn how Melissa Perry on our Parent Leadership Team is finding ways for parents to talk!
Fantastic 1st Corporate Alliance event last night. for networking, then off to show.
I need to throw up maybe I'll feel better
Found out tonight there's a student who's been watching me at the library, but is afraid to come talk to me. I find this both creepy & funny
What happen with the other account man?
#ILoveMilly I called it right, you slept during the test?
If you're grocery shopping at Whole Foods and you spend more on grooming products than food, it's a sign. Not a good one. Trust me.
Brad Lincoln: 5 IP, 4 H, 2 R, 2 ER, 1 BB, 3 K. Excellent spot start. His best role is still in the bullpen, however.
Good Morning Everyone! Beautiful Day to spend outside here in Los Angeles!
btw my phone died on you baby girl
Any other profession, I'd be fired. Good thing sucking is acceptable in my job.
Consensus picks last might went 1-2 and are at 23-7-1 the last 12 posted days...Working on todays NBA & NHL posted plays fron handicappers
yes sir!
Yes!! Im done
I'm not sure I am surprised any more when I read such things. Shocking, but unfortunately predictable.
up early to start my hustle of a day
At least we still have Bobby Sherman & David Cassidy, right? There should be a word for the anguish u feel upon the death of an old crush.
#PracticalSecurityTactics $VENDOR tests their patches better than you. Focus on backing out of change gone bad and patch your stuff!
Has there been a horrible beard-core band called the Husker Dudes yet?
Can't wait to meet up!!!
student group at Nevada is officially started! Thanks to for serving as our first president. DM if you'd like to be involved.
very true. rt @ Auneb Beverly I doubt he will be boring..unless "being true to yourself and real" is boring.
So glad you sent a message. I thought I saw your email on the blackberry but can't find it now...:(
I love that year
To be fair, I do cover Doe Bay. There's lotsa interest from readers there. But have u tried to buy tix? It's near impossible
thts so true ^.^ ha &&' waahtt were do you staay aht ? Ha it Dident snow were ilivee but other places it did ha -.-
: You are SO not alone on this. At ALL...
Fry it, duh! RT : The microwave is (still) broken. I wonder if steaming the left-over rice would be really inadvisable. >.>
looks like I'll be at the concert with you! Think we can get to join?
Vegetarian Black Bean Burger - whipped avoado / piquillo peppers / fries
well if y'all put me on the show I'll dedicate a song to him ;) let's go!
That was the longest and most complicate dream I've ever had! Holy crap...
Grinding... Rather be at the beach :/
is proving the point why merp needs to stop! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Hey I'm at the reference desk, no phone/fb. What are you thinking?
im hella hot
sweet deal! Steve's from Suffolk, me & Chris (the bassist) have been in this band since 2007 and been friends since like age 12
that's a pretty big deal when you're a college newspaper
Good Morning! Wow I love 2012! It's going to be a Fantastic year! Let's all get into all the energy and be prosperous this year! :)
Such a great espn first take today. Geat arguments by all 3
Reminder: There will be fireworks after both Camden Riversharks games this weekend (Fri & Sat). Check them out from the Race Street Pier!
So funny! Almost to the 50 Woohooooo
Happy Friday, Tweeps!
Billy Crystal is killing it. And by "it", I mean, "all the good will he built up 10 years ago".
"What do you mean, we got outbid by the Marlins?!? "
Looking forward to being on the tomorrow's show!
the boyfriend video was nothing like the teaser. you little prankster. ;) haha! I loved it tho! <U+2665>
“: A brain gets in good shape by memorizing a song.” Then I must be a genius!
Wow are kiddos great. Google the interview! Can you say charisma?
I'm goin to the movies today wit an old friend.
Damn! You stole my thunder and the one thing that I can say to pretend I'm theoretically inclined and informed! :)
Maxim Masters event was a sick time! Thanks for coming.
no need to hold your tongue, small town or no.
who's going to brighten up their gloomy monday by getting season tickets with #crew96?
Really nice to hear the prince doing the weather cast. Thanks for airing it :)
isnt that simple. Byrd has a shit contract and Theo is smart enuf to know he isn't a fix. Just gotta wait bro, sry
they didn't even ask you to play some ballpark organ?
ebony, your thoughts on the middle class slowly fading away?
It's surprising (or really not so much) how many projects are geographic, esp. in data visualization sessions.
sometimes I think that Twilight is one big Volvo commercial.
The problem with tucking in your shirt is that you have to remember to tuck it back in after using the restroom.
my self before I decide to go any further. So let see what's up by then!?
And so, the whirlwind begins. Wish me luck!
We need a killer recording setup!!! We have a wealth of new material that needs to be heard!!anyone wanna help?
people are hype for the dude that came out with House Party?! SMH
I just dropped our thank you card in the mailbox - so that means we can start using them, right? They're SO pretty. And shiny. And new.
So glad one of our teams got
bout to sleep
RU a 20-something willing 2 allow me 2 write re ur experiences saving toward a $$ goal? DM me! [for Examiner.com; #Denver tie-in preferred]
Finally getting over the flu :) back to school tomorrow though :(
Breaking: Santorum endorses Romney. He had a choice: eat a dinner plate of poo or endorse Romney. He made it half through the plate.
RT : Rep. Todd: "Our job as legislators is to open the doors."
Guess who won a #murrow award? Hint: ME!!!!!!
Thanks for the follow. How are you today
Most people wobbly off that Purp, but I'm wobbly off that Nappy Brown!!
That is me, every time I do laundry. Every time.
Thank you for choosing NC STATE!
Its like hood central by the water tower in chicaho go on nice days
#YoungFilmmakersFoundation = combo of youth-made media and community focus
Steak, Rattle, and Roll...
when spielberg bought rosebud for $60,000 orson welles told his cinematographer that they ought to start making sleds
Yeah i know but don't you want him to live out his dreams?
what u have in mind?
HAVE A VERY BEAUTIFUL AND PRODUCTIVE DAY !
1 year anniversary on Thu from 10p-2a. FREE fernet on tap and late night stoner food! We want you all to join us!
OH: "Got a text from WalMart saying I won $1000 - How do they have my phone#?" Good reminder: a lot of ppl are not very tech-savvy
Noel Crane steals my heart every time.
Well shoot , guess I was too quick with the self-deprecation. I OWN those 3 votes! Boom. LOL
I do love Kate Bush, Belle & Sebastian, and J Brown, but my girl Basia Bulat's "Run" was a shoe-in marathon jam! Pun intended. Xoxo
Ah! Okay thank you <3
What is your favorite part of staying in a hotel??? Share with us!
I bet meteorologists are really bad conversationalists cause most people think talking about the weather is boring
Shot a dance video with Christine Fisler of UArts today. Behind the scenes pics will be up on Facebook in a day or two.
I'm 20 -____- how drunk are you?? Jesus
Wow, we really did it. 300+ followers. Thanks! -Jared
and a billion dollars later we'll still be waiting 25 mintues for two back to back trains going to the same destination.
Ok I'll text you now and did you ever get your CRCT scores back?
nah I'm still in Baton Rouge.
With my 6 and 3 yr old girls, I get all kinds of crazy up close and personal. My guilty pleasure show was Flavor of Love.
Never say anything about yourself you do not want to come true.
Accepted at Emerson <3
Practical use for screencasting: quick how-to for virtual ref transanction follow-up (tip: don't call it "screencast". Call it "video")
good luck riding out the rest of the storm!
and i always turn in everything on time and my mom is going to kill me. I have been so busy with so many other things.
Bingo RT :I was more upset with the acceptance/denial of mediocre season from Pitino then the actual results of the regular season.
RT : congrats on stellar #socialbiz breakout session #logistics at #js12! So proud of you & team!
Bitch you dont cook, clean, work or fuck good. . . Wtf can you atleast do hair ! !
Hol..y.... shit.. Prince Charming has to go. Is he freaking kidding? How is she keeping a straight face?
That's that shit I DON'T LIKE !!!!) Get The Fuck Off My Dick!!!!
The problem with moderating panels is that you can't take pix of the slides and tweet.
It's only 10am & I've already had a great time! What a great start!
Ashleigh Ashton making her debut at Chicago's Drake Hotel right now!
you know that's happening!
And welcome new "Friends of the Feed" and
Only a 7 week old could make me sit through a 2.5 hour missionary baptist church service. I must love her.
this is a good move!
Tks for following. I appreciate the work that trained and qualified exercise physiologists do. Keep it up!
just listeing to the hits raido they played one direction today
In a newspaper interview 12 years ago I said I couldn't imagine myself using an e-reader under a tree in a park on a sunny day.
has Cashman done his annual asking for Felix in a trade ritual yet?
no competition. In n out
#oomf 's mom can get it ANY DAMN DAY
I love Friedman. Thanks for this tweet.
So I seen Gabriel last night
"If you don't know where you are going, you will wind up somewhere else!" Yogi Berra.
The conversation continues and it is definitely
I hope you guys have a great day. Love ya. <3
College ball?
4 rvs 18 guys unlimited open bar and our tailgate for Ou/tx starts Wednesday best tailgate in the USA
Happy New Year!!!
BAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!! Ok. Lol it is very interesting ..
‘We stayed for a delightful 3 days and loved it so much we are coming back. What a great find!’ Straight from our guest’s mouths!
embarrassing for a proud franchise
You know the best way to stop child abuse? Don't abuse children.
The more you tell me how great something is the more childish I get and decide it must be awful
- one more question - since they're free... Do you accept guest post submissions? Would love to contribute.
agreed. that's lame.
I must go workout now so I can enjoy a coffee stout when I get home.
My t.v. right now (;
thanks so much! RT : good luck!
remember. guac is extra.
she realise thats a good drive?
Conditions to win 2 #Colts tickets: 1) YOU must personally use tickets 2) Must be able to pick up tickets in Indianapolis by Friday 5pm.
I almost did, haha
Greetings & thanks! RT : It's all about the girls->
Got out of school early? FWM. =D haha
I want my baby home! Traffic in LA sucks
So glad you're enjoying it!
yaaay! I'm SO excited!
GO AHEAD YOU DESERVE IT. AND TO DISREGARD THE NEGATIVE
Sending to youtube now lol.
i just wanna blow stuff up lol justin ! punk'd is going to be good!
that ending was insane needs to investigate there..... SOBER!!!!
Production staff full for June?
I've just got to make sure I get to earlier next time. It was so packed that folks were selling out left and right.
400 students are getting the message of FORGIVENESS right now at Rincon Middle School in Escondido!
Nail is perfect!!!!
Who wants to FaceTime w/ there iPhone 4, hit me up
Yes you do...lol
Fear no man, Trust no bitch.
#smh at Future locker room cancer.
#MyBiggestProblem walking a straight line cause I'm unbalanced. >.<
Got up at 2:45am this morning to volunteer at the LA Acura Bike Race. Ready for a nap now...
Jogged around today. Apparently that's what everybody does on a Saturday afternoon!
As far as my three favorite teams are concerned, I'm very pleased and confident with the front offices of two. Best feeling as a sports fan.
...Wow...I'm not sure I could ever enjoy that more than 'Dawn' maybe it's time for a re-watch as well.
AW unicorn swag isn't a TT anymore T_T
oh em ge I gotta invite?
not tired. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0080> wide awake.
damn I wanted to watch it who won
please tell me YOU know what fruit this mysterious "starberry" is?/where I can find it?
Want FREE Ice Cream? Follow
cool. What was the context? I'd like to be in on this discussion!
Not too late to catch great music-Space Washington & Chris Curry next now. Cheesesteak optional (but recommended)
It needs to be spring break.
Going to start a Red Cross Club at UTEP. Need volunteers!
Things happen crystal besides you know that he cares and also where he works so calm down and get out of the heat
the site knows if you send in multiple stories so make sure not to spam but help get 3,000 other people to share a story too!
I wish I was watching this with u lol RT : I love you too :) RT : I love u.
okay sounds good
i'm a capricorn too bro!!! How's Birmingham treating you, my ex boy friend Jason live their lol
. I've been there, man. Actually, I'm there a couple days every month. But don't tell Jennifer I said that.
Hump Day.
HEEEYYYY!!!! NP: Angela Winbush's "Your Smile" & these people at the job bout to see all my soul!!
Make sure to let me know if you do come to LA. I would love to see you.
Nigga say they ballin they in the stands If it ain’t bout business don’t shake my handEverythingIdoWeh,weh,weh,weh,well done(x2)
My 12 yr old sister is telling us how she walked into Spencers thinking it said "Science Gifts" and ran out soon thereafter. haha
we dont have swag we have style get on are level
yumm you've got that right!
wat happen wit balotelli and how did QPr score again?
lol lucky enjoy sixflags in honor of me! Haha jk have fun :)
Song of the day.. Hm must choose a good one.. Lol
thanks for the heads up! bought!
S/O to my artist P.Goods
Did just call out for his tweet about #badgers, and tell him to call his cell? #arrogance at it's highest.
Are you going to make it to PyCon?!
Happy Friday... let me see what I'm doing today...hm
Love you too sweetie! Thanks for everything
Close this out. Let's go.
I'm out of town now but I live in Memphis. I already scoped ur website and I'm very much interested. My coworker is as well..
lastly, i must proclaim that the Cleveland Indians will take 2nd place in the AL Central behind Detroit this season. projected record: 85-77
bAhaha is that a bad thing ???
Loved that cheer!
The internet is a weapon of mass distraction.
that's too funny! Why am I always breaking a law?
If u love me!.. Love me #
Every now and then, when the world sits just right, a gentle breath of heaven fills my soul with delight ~ Hazelmarie ‘Mattie’ Elliott
Passover provides an opportunity for us to appreciate our freedom and for us to recognize the responsibilities that freedom demands.
. alum, David Ferriero, at #DPLA: "If it's not online, it doesn't exist"
Support #Disneys #Chimpanzee opening weekend. $$ goes to Jane Goodall Institute
I have something in mt eye and it is really bothering me.
FORGET THAT MONKEY DUCK!!! LOL RT I think I'm annoying Lindsay right now so I'll just leave her alone <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
IM LOVING IT
im next to u. Muuhaa (evil laugh)
From Dexter, pop. 1,240, Josh Berry has acted in almost three dozen TV shows and features, including FRIDAY NIGHT LIGHTS and CRAZY HEART.
school time...... no comment lol :(
All over the people, children are dying from preventable diseases. With just $2.35, you can help 1 child. one.medicalteams.org. Please RT
yes! Omg I love him in 50 first dates and grown ups :D
You are very welcome. Thank you for sharing great content for others to be aware of.
I'll give you one! #FF this guy peeps! You'll be glad you did!
can i get a follow back por favor or please
We're wishing our incredible Campus Director, Gina Lepore, the very best in her new endeavors. You will be missed!!
Facebook names??
Whitney Houston Died - Last Seen Pictures Video - Taken Feb 9th & 12th 2012
You're just using text to try to subjugate people like him.
We have great room in the Signature waiting for #brandcamp attendees!
I would like that. Maybe next week sometime? Or at Midwest UX even? I am sure you are fairly slammed with all that going on!
Lost and in desperate need of gas :-| Typical me move.
Epic Buffet vs Mozz, Phil, Jason, Rass and I. Pretty sure the buffet wins. "I feel sick." - everyone
i'm pretty sure that halloween candy will be the death of me.
they are delish! Throw in a mountain dew and you got perfect snack!
Tune in to Great Day SA tomorrow on #KENS 5 at 9am for Trip on a Tankful to #SeaWorld and Spy Kids interviews.
I'm at the park with my budds (: I love them .
With that chin, I bet head game vicious like a Lebron James headband....
Wow-such kindness for LinkedIn help! "Joon's one of the most knowledgeable business advisors that I've met in my 20+ yrs as an entrepreneur"
This is so unbelievably cool! Thank you so much!
2 pages down, 18 more to go
Q. What position did horror film star, the late Vincent Price play on his soccer team? A. Ghoulie.
aww:( don't make me walk the plank and kick me off this awesome ride
o.o no
Exercising the upper end of my speedometer is fun. :-)
hahaha wow! lazy! Lol do you speak spanish? 0.o
I know! There are a lot of awesome projects going on.
well go!! it would be fun!
Yes! And you could play tambourine. Perfect.
1350 supporters , thanks so much !!
spring is here. life is good. kids are happy. biz is turbo charged. happiness all around.
Billboard Awards are this weekend in Vegas. If anyone is gonna be in Vegas hit me if you need anything (clubs, pools, hotels, etc).
Your on my mind all day
Why bother bringing on the special teams defense? Just let the kickers practice with the returner if they won't stop them.
thank you for the shout out! What's new?!
He kiss my lips, i taste your mouth</3
All packed...this is surreal.
shut up hoe. She made it to work. Lol
Can't study
Hi Paul! This is my professional twtr. Would love to reconnect! Are you working out of NOVA?
I hope you never have to carry more than you can hold.
Slaphappy, giggling alone in my hotel room in Baltimore about trolls and large nostrils is def doing the same
Faith doesn't get you around trouble. It gets you through it.
I get just a bit teary eyed every time I hear the X-Men Animated theme song... *sniff*
Sunday Quote: "Don't be afraid of the space between your dreams and reality. If you can dream it, you can make it so." -Belva Davis
Still cant believe was here in albuquerque last night! ;D
we just totally had a great catch!
Societal Challenge: Meaningful involvement 4 ALL parents, despite SES, in global learning
She said lets have sexy sex I said okay and you laughed and I said Later. I was kidding. :)
poo sorry ill follow back<3
awesome!That weirdness happened to me yesterday 's workshop. Guy next to me had my twitter profile up and I didn't know
So Cold by Breaking Benjamin is so good!
i think the worst part of school has to be waking up early everyday.
thanks for the follow!
<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>I'm asking for your help I am going through hell..Afraid nothing can save me but the sound of your voice..You cut through all the noise<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
You do realize that now this means you have to moderate again? Nice work. Thanks.
heyy follow back please(:
Hoodie is getting so much attention now, and i'm proud of him
thanks for the updates,wish I was still there. Where we at in the Sock match now?
“: To competitors, its always about aspiring to be the best you can be. Focusing on the things you need to do daily”
Is our #economy rebounding now or are we on a spiral further downward into a darker #recession than we've already experienced?
So long joe, keep fighting the good fights.
followback,Is Hot related to Gossip Girl
I like it! “: I'm done with lol. Most people loq. LOQ it is. Yeah!”
I can never figure out if Harry the Dirty Dog's family is being disingenuous or if they truly don't recognize him under all that grime.
"The worst thing that ever happened to America was the American Dream." - British colleague referencing U.S. disinterest in collective good
petition Byron not to sell his projector
Same here. I think the biggest thing is that it got us all to realize a glaring double standard.
RT : We work 2 connect synagogue life & #jewishcamp year round - helping to guide community members' Jewish journeys
I was thinking today had all the makings of a perfect day and then I read your super-sad kitty story - so sorry
RT : #ConfessionHour I love boys that love God.
My two heroes: my grandmother and A living legend!
I wonder if these sneakers still have any central american dirt on them. Hm
check out the forecast for this week in panama
Same! I'm gonna try to but not positive yet!! Theyre coming to two areas close to me, so hopefully!! :)
At the touch of love, everyone becomes a poet.<3
my followers number is 143 143 represents you
Wow that has officially replaced Chiefs Zubaz pants as the coolest sports pattern in Kansas City.
sorry had alot do stuff to do yesterday and today!
I will abstain from voting. :)
If yesterday was Star Wars day, does that make today Revenge of the fifth?
I really hope someone from is at this Queering the Museum Panel!
Next season at : the debut of Mr. Holland's O-Face with and company.
Ahh good ol Al I would except nothing less.
what are doing?
and Erin and I were speculating what A was going to wear as well. Something fabulous for you I;m sure!
This year has gone by so fast
& I've got some nice stops along the way back "there" LOL. Much luv!
Please follow and help them gain followers!! They're new to twitter. (:
what did u use to unfollow all of those people?
have a nice day Ariana! :] love you :*
I was driving by a theatre on Wilshire and saw that you are coming to LA Feb 28th. fantastic!
#WhenIWasLittle i'm gonna tell your mom was the scariest sentence ever.
Post #zonamaco12 thoughts: fair grown 2 B one of most important in L. America=time 4 new commerce. Welcome affordable art fair in oct.
Hey girl! It was nice getting to meet you :) That's so cool that you drove 3 hrs to see them <3 Dedicated Macer right thur :D
It's a Shania Twain day inside my office
getting motivated to finish cleaning up. Only a few things left on my to do list. So excited and anxious....not much longer :D
Ima Sell Piraguas On the Cart In Downtown Like The Do Back In Chicago Lbvs
Was your first day awesome?
ATTENTION!!! TOMORROW!!! The Art of Rhyme hip hop Open Mic at Columbia College Chicago Manifest Arts Festival in the South Loop..Its FREE
O good catch—that would certainly have increased its chances! Hm...what to replace it with...
If we get 50 likes on this status, I will bake everyone cookies for our next show! -Sean
Bylsma: "We finally got what looks more like a playoff game tonight."
October: #DC, November: #LA, February: #Chicago... no stopping now!
Ugh!! This saftey inspector is blowin me
I'm really bored
Hey, wanted to let you and Lib know we aren't gonna be able to make it tomorrow. Too much crap going on. >.<
Buzz didn't do his homework, didn't even know about your NCAA record.
Mondays should be canceled due to lack of interest. But, since we can't make that happen, come in and reward yourself with a drink tonight.
There is no happiness except in the realization that we have accomplished something. Henry Ford -
Happy #iPadHD announcement day! Oh wait... I won't be able to afford one anyway. Thanks a lot God.
: Thanks guys for coming to do another chat with us Criminal Minds Fanatics. We all really enjoy chatting with you.
en route to #morandi's brunch w my favorite ppl!
ITA but for some reason I keep watching it...think I am going to stick to theybf.com for my gossip!!!
Although Ozzie should think sometimes before he speaks
I can understand why Obama didn't choose Hillary Clinton as a running mate - too much baggage in the form of Bill Clinton.
#Israel keeps talking about their new #CleanEnergy like EVthing just peachy there.Like theyre not murdering people as we speak.
": I have a MAJOR ADVERTISING OPPORTUNITY in front of me. However, I need to get 6 figure followers ASAP." //The man is funny!
Finally watching the hangover 2 and I wouldn't wanna watch it with any one else.<3.
RT : Zipper broke on pants. The rest of today will be strategic hand and paper placements.
Huge battle and my controller's batteries go out on me. Well, fuck.
Watching the Roddick vs. Nadal match on a beautiful day in Miami.
I gotta wate tell next month cuz the girl I like she don't wanna be called a hoe cuz me Andy ex just broke up 2 weeks ago
No no no..I'm not you! I aint up here rapping and tapping!
great series.
Kathy- Thanks for making Room & Yard so great...again!
Meek Mill new Mixtape too raw!!
Government periods 2 and 4 have finals tomorrow. Be on time!
Demi? Wait.. I don't think I understand the tweet to much haha
Those are the best places when nothing's in English!
Thanks for the shout out, Cool Material! We're honored to be thought of as "cool material".
Your in a near little roll here
Clippers or grizzlies, who ya got?
HIRING: Sr. Outlet Buyer (5+yrs exp) & Assoc. Buyer @ Hugo Boss (1-3 yrs exp) men's exp. is a must! Email your resume:
You do the same--thanks for the RT and mention! Happy Friday!
thanks for the follow, can't wait to try the brew!
My back is not a voicemail please say it to my face
Will You ever come to san diego california ....
haha...hadn't noticed it ya, retweet. Mickey great. Headed home now.
#Happy november, or should we say
let's get in the gloves today after the interview. :)
"they're trying to bang... So much." -chris collinsworth
Cities can now use mobile survey for real time citizen feedback. These responses will help foster municipal innovation & efficiency.
SISTA! YOUR ONE OF A KIND.. lol i": You Stay On My Mind! RT : SISTA! "
so orange cone, is he married!!???
For some reason i decided to get a tide to school with shonbrum. Class starts in 2 min and im still in my house waiting to b picked up
I can't read what that is but I'm going to bed, GN.
(c) I was standing at the bus stop. it was really cold!
Do 11-year old Virtual Piggy users have any defense against parameter injection malware?
Jugaad: What the U.S. Can Learn About Innovation from Entrepreneurs in Emerging Markets Innovation becomes a gutsy art when you must impr
Was feeling all big bad & ready for our 1st vaca away from babes,until bedtime & kisses, now sad to fly out 2mrw am. Cali you are too far
I recently saw a magazine cover with a baby eating french fries on it. Does anyone know what magazine that was?
Good morning everyone & has next in hip hop. They're getting nation wide recognition from V I P. Our Go Getters
Hey Madonna, can u say lipsynching? What happened to real artists.
***Singing*** Prototyping and it feels so god.......
When sked how many contacts, connections, friends/followers you have: Over 250 contacts in Outlook. Proves CPAs are very well connected.
Jets ground and pound is back only if John Riggins will come out of retirement.
yur welcome bro. Your take on the whole thing was hilarious.
true. I'd write no matter what, and I think most of us feel the same way.
The employer generally gets the employees he deserves
What a little bitch.
About to head over to !
Everyone do yourself a favor and follow . More info coming verryyy soon!
Impractical jokers is the best show ever.
i like their style its like if they have more fun than white people lol
Can't wait till Friday :)
make me happy &
I think the USF Bulls have a nice run in them for the tournament.
We have our first winner !! JOKER Sang 'Monday Monday' by The Mamas & The Papas at 9:44pm Wednesday night at The Newsroom and won $65 !!
Seeking new intern, for more information email (Nina) at .
disappointing #SNL tonight. repeat sketches? usher whining? we need more will ferrel!
OK Thank you
Purr (bird noise)
Off to for Firestone Indy Lights testing. Come on out and see us if you're in the area...it's free!
With #SOPA you could receive 5 years in jail for uploading a Michael Jackson song. The doctor who killed him got 4
I'm not in that state sorry
thank you! Looking forward to the read. :)
Why do people retweet such stupid, inane, pointless, and personal crap that has no bearing on any of your followers?
the Giants lost... in other news I made quiche for the first time today!
We really dislike myspace, so follow us on here or on facebook! if you "like" us on facebook you can hear our demo "Who I've Become."!
Apparently, kittens are firm believers in the nutritional value of toes.
Hi GreenLink Tufts! We are so happy to have our study abroad programs represented on your website. Congrats on the launch!
Polls closed Sunday and Monday in Broward County will open on Super Tuesday November 2nd 7:00am-7:00pm!
Also, waiting for the conferencee who allows hir twitter audience to choose the panels s/he attends/tweets
Today is my last day of college classes!
Fuck off. Blocked
Why did Hindenburg fly swastika symbols? Required by German government beginning in 1933.
Awesome scrimmage tonight. We look ready and rested.
Loyola of Balto presenting now on ELA implementation. Focus on advanced digital literacy.
Teeny's new experience Follow me! Is an Hot account related to Watch porn online!:*
It's mass times velocity right?
You still have a house in Blackhawk?
Stopping by the library to pick up a book on hold for my wife (I've got her card - hmm, is there a credit limit? Shhh...).
you never disappoint mother monster (:
hahaha nah, but we should go somewhere where there are attractive men. Somewhere cool on SoCo. Gueros maybe? #tacowednesday?
you're welcome bro, btw nice hoodie !
hi whats up?
speaks in song lyrics and attempts wisedom. climbing toward Linux guruness.
Deactivated fb, Day 2 without it.
Sail to the Bahamas for $209+tax for 5 days in Oct 11! Hurry! Space is limited
and history. Not wasted time, but I find the Oxf thing so annoying that I worry I will not be able to have a reasonable disc.
Aw you are awesome. Keep cussin' xoxo
A Stoneham man has been sentenced to up to 12 years in prison for setting his girlfriend on fire
exact same @ everything!
RT Three words describe our love of the Prado: Cream Cheese Flan.
I'm so proud<U+2665> A lot of the guys from my school actually listened to #Boyfriend & they like it(: Some even made statuses on fb
Lets get fancy<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008E>
Great opening weekend! Great reviews! Great houses! Get your tickets!
u took the words out of every guys mouth. #areyouadude?
Happy Mothers day! I didn't # it because I don't love my mother enough to make her day trend.
They are hitting everything and the Cats can't do anything right - they better play like #1 in the second half
OMG!! I LOVED ur some so much!! Ah! And i was so happy when u sang im yours
need good quality Mic recording and a lil consultation on mixing it
It WAS a great day :) Any day I'm home before 9p is a winner LOL Hope you had a good one too!
i completely feel you but dont let that fuck up your motivation
I don't know why I'm letting myself get excited about The Hunger Games. It's... Uh... Research? Since my discipline is children's lit? Sure.
What are some good minerals for weight loss or what do people usually lacking?
rain just means you get to sleep more :P
New Music is on the way folks
I won the big game. 540 million dollars
#RITBrickCity check-in info: Pick up your registration packets today from 8 a.m.-9 p.m. in the Fireside Lounge located in the SAU.
Why do you think you have so many male followers? Please crank up the scolding.
Posey wide open in the end zone and over thrown. Flashback to November 26, 2011.
Just watched two Jimmy John's employees get into a shoving match in front of the Bardstown rd location.
Hit em with "The Duece step™"
Not really
Wish I was still in #NoLa at the superdome tonight! #HoneyBadger don't care! Go #LSU #BCS Championship Game!
We are well. Be sure to Follow me so I can Direct Message you and your family.
instagram! We post pix of our for all to see! A picture is worth a thousand words and we have a lot to say!
but the VS thing is a bit more complicated. It creates a strange mix of complacency and very high standards, like...
I hear you Chica! I'm walking with a slight limp, but nothing compared to a few weeks ago I needed a cane lol
Why is sound mixing not a technical award? You think auds care about SOUND MIXING?!?
please do!
I wonder if the #Packers realize this is the POST season and not the PRE season.
On this day in 1948, Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi was assassinated in New Delhi by a Hindu fanatic.
I need more followers!! #teamfollowback where are you when I need you!!!! lol xoxo
Nigeria? South Africa? Where?
I am so sad about it. I feel helpless.
The plural of Y'all is "All Y'all"
I have heard rumors of Japanese food making its way to the streets... maybe your wishes will come true this summer...
I got the baby too
#NeverApologizeFor Walking around your house in your knickers. My house. My rules.
In 2nd prd Broken Heart by went off. My teacher ask what song was that. She said he was really good. I know Ms.Dorico..I know :)
they did pretty well this year tbh. But oh well
I got a double turbo shot from dunkin doughnuts this morning, I'm on pace
baaahahahaaa! yeah, atlantic city would be kind of a haul. hope you have a great weekend!
CASTING: A big feature film that will B shooting in Europe is looking for a tall male contortionist (joint popper) SAG preferred pls msg me
Never mind got something now
- Yeah, I put "not an actual butcher" in my bio because I was getting a lot of follows from meat-type people. Which is fine
I'm not going to vegas...
Why isn't there an app? C'mon insider. ;)
I have nothing to say but O K LOL
OMG ME TO!!! This summer<3333
think it's called being "hysterical" haha #doublemeaning #theendisnear!
how is the Philippians ???? please reply XD
I love it when one of the cat starts whining and the bird responds with "Shut up!"
Some of the best $15 I can spend-- and now I have access to audio of all MLB games all season.
Awesome! Will love to hear what you think of it :)
fine yah here ! :)
Two guys in a moving van were able to identify my type of cereal (that I was eating the car bc I am classy like that).
i knew we would be good friends! My wknds here are: bar, brunch, coffee, bar, attempt to run & send e-mails, bar, bar, ????
#4famouswords "Are You Kidding ME"
Seems like every time I publish this #Articulate #Presenter course I forget to do something minor. Republishing over and over again today.
'stone yummies' ??? What's that
That's a good defensive play. Take that Jayson Heyward
Where would reality Tv be without hot tubs?
You're working too hard to dislike it.
Hot Chicken tomorrow! What time are you good?
And Twitter and Facebook. This is a fun conversation :-)
to post video today of her doing "happy dance" as she promised she would when reaching 1,000 fans on facebook. here we go
i made myself breakfast AND lunch. and then i cleaned my house. what is happening?
Tate knows all the details text and ask her!
beautiful, smart, hilarious, caring, loved, needed, wanted, joyful, words all you should hear more often <3
Move to Florida with me. We'll all get together and recreate our German adventures lol. #yeahright ;)
Ok. I officially hate the Lakers more than the Raiders!
Andrew Bird?
Teeing up the Active.com event feed...
#BillsMafia I think Baron is smokescreen it's gilmore or kuechly IMO :D
I'm moving out of milwaukee. I didn't sign up for this kind of winter.
11 days left of school (half days not included). Hallelujah.
Next year is going to be insane. I will have
Can the argument be made that digital storytelling is the same as digital narrative? Thinking they're a little different. Maybe a lot.
RT : A life is not important except in the impact it has on other lives. -Jackie Robinson
no problem ! & haha hopefully :D
Watching peewee practice and a kid just tried the #Kane superman goal
Call of duty and avenged sevenfold. That's how I do it, I am a natural born killer.
Nervous as fuck.....
will see ya on Sunday! United better win!!
My real non-robot monkey #tp12 pitch will be firing off automatically after 2 p.m. while I'm at the movies. Appropriate, I guess.
Trust us, you won't want to miss this Halloween happening! Buy tickets today at lostweekend.eventbrite.com and enter discount code getlost.
If you don't like me remember it's mind over matter, I don't mind and you don't matter <U+2665>
Students want natural lighting, flexible workspaces & more student services from library- architects
let's bounce back bro and show these suckas your a champion #TeamHeat let's get this chip bruh
Last few minutes to get all your friends to vote for your favorite female acoustic artist. Poll on our page.
that will be announced Sunday during the NCAA tournament selection show at 6 PM. Next game is next Thursday or Friday.
seemed pretty easy but then again when I think it's easy most of the time I did bad :/ let's hope not.
I told Knick fans this when we signed him: Baron Davis is trash but y'all don't hear me tho. Y'all focused on Melo.”
of course
On the hunt for holiday gifts that can only be found in SD...putting together the ultimate holiday gift guide supporting local businesses!
you're a pissum!
Ha! Few tweets, right! Love the Pix & Flix.
your tylers mom? aw(: thats awesome! i love you already<3 haha
no problem. Have a great day.
You look egg-cited to be on Twitter...
im one of the worlds most powerful transmitter. alone is how I create.
PLS RT From Iran - IF SPRAYED BY HELICOPTER - Flush eyes w/saline 10g salt/1L water. For skin 50g sodium bicarbonate/1L water.
Man stays saying Hedos name all fucked up. Pronouncing every letter calling him Turk-o-glu
yo have yu read the story??
If you are a #DePaulStudent and want to write for , email Tricia at
Got a question for the Black Male Summit panelists? Ask here,
Like Whoa
No Problem! Let us know how the article turns out!
Im off tomorrow fwm
fantastic! Hows life?
Wish I knew what to do at this point.
me to!
And now to put on some Ghostface -- Beat The Clock, Shakey Dog ... Let's go #Caps!
lmao how and why?
Of course a pig like Joe Jonas is gonna be one of the judges on #theCHOICE ....
We have some great training coming up. First 2 day course 2 learn U.S National Grid then holding a Spatial Stats Workshop.
Nine classes till graduation!
you get a chance text or message it to me .
If you're going to the Sat. night parade @ Fiesta, keep an eye out for me. I'll be the DJ on the Academy float!
you're a class act sir!! Your decision to elaborate to #BillyBlanksJr was top notch! Good luck on your venture!
It's Stetson and bacon actually. RT : Sitting next to Dustin at hyper island. Smells like bacon and Jovan musk.
INF 312 is officially open for the semester...
You should buy two.
#followfriday Angus clothing company clothing!!!
A good written article is a conversation between you and your audience
*squeezez u all ryte back* RT : hey gals *group hug* love you my vamp sistas *squeezes tyt*
DS: My Dream Headline: New York Yankees plane collides in mid-air with Pittsburgh Steelers plane. Lands on top of Duke University.
Life is Beaitiful
#LoiterSquad is the funniest stupid show eva lbvs
Jordan says the district delayed action against those who may have acted inappropriately and are now cooperating with the investigation.
love the channel, keep the tunes coming!
Everywhere I go B*tches always know, that charlie scene has got a weine that he loves to show <3
Best time in history to be a researcher or a librarian. Messy, scary, perfect storm: that's a sweet spot!
By 4pm today, municipal clerks must deliver their results to county clerks. Then county clerks will begin official certification process.
Great second half especially after Davis' injury
Thank you for the RT!
Hugs back!
I love ad people because they are always such ad people. Regardless.
I love to party with Redbook!!
What a wonderful caricature of intimacy #p!atd
Sometimes a man has to do what a man has got to do - - If you'r not getting it at home, check this out .. tiny.cc/i2vw0
Teacher lists that are alphabetically by title and not by author? I get that so much. I think teachers are messing w/me.
These bitches cannot cook!
Back at work with Lingus in the headphones , Good Morning Oakland and then the world!
Worked the late show last night, and up for #KSLAM this morning. Looking forward to a stocked Hulu queue of great TV.
But I like you thinking that. Think that I also scale buildings in just my underwears. :)
Steelers win the draft. Again filled line issues, LB issues and NT
I like my panic attacks right on top of each other, just like my orgasms.
we are about a month away from early access and not seeing the ramp up in beta invites
At home tonight
Wow Nuggets...you gotta play all the way through the game at least we won!
Our museum store is open for special hours today. Stop by before 3 pm!
Chad States is currently on a residency at Light Work and Juliana Beasley is joining Bradley Peters at the Daniel Cooney exhibition
for future reference when's your birthday again?
m.... high hanging fruit
Yay! Finally reached one thousand!! lmao
The show was fucking amazing last night! I can't get over how much fun it was. <3
I don't know why people can be so damn nasty. Me ad my manager had to clean the women's bathroom. It was fool of shit.
Server Intellect Announces Public Cloud SQL Server 2012 Hosting - Virtual-Strategy Magazine
": I thought it was Shirtless Saturdays? #SunsOutGunsOut" Enough already, just put on your SteamRoller shirt and grab a Bud.
Spring into spring with 's spring sale. Through April 30, everything is 30% off
Want a refreshing cooling mini-facelift!? Freeze cubes of apple juice & pass over ur skin.The malic acid is an anti aging alphahydroxy acid!
Wendell Berry, Eugene Peterson and Tim Keller books are all strewn about the back porch. Yep, I'm at home.
bout to leave planet earth <U+270C><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A5><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0080>
- then follow me! My site is dedicated to addicts like us. :)
*look at u like a kid who lost his best friend*
Good night twitter fam!!!!
I wish I was rob dyrdek. He has so much money to blow on the craziest shit
“: Sometimes I wonder if I'm too nice to the people I love. #alwaysgettingscrewedover”
glad ur ok
yo Skip Stephrn A will Be the DJ wearing a Tebow Jersey singinng the Remix All he does is win!He's a baller shot caller!lol
you are in Maryland? Where?
maybe u can give me some help on my ghetto house ,,lmao
To my haters, have u noticed awesome ends with "m"e and ugly starts with "U"?
Amazing dinner last night! Nic & I really enjoyed ourselves! Thank u both so much!
I could watch Lillian Schwartz computer animations 4eva. Faves=OLYMPIAD (1971) music score & ENIGMA (1972) end titles
74% of all mobile subscriptions are SMS enabled.
when is the future?
You are so awesome! :) pretty and classy
Summer UNO DOS!!
Ken Blackwell: An HHS Pork Mandate?
Excuse me "you get high" ballin track.
Lease or rent-to-own property-If it can't bring in acceptable income to cover costs of operating, then it is not a solid investment!
haha..its not serious
ha, not so subtly sent that along to maybe get your thoughts ;-)
Every time you tweet I think it's Mr. Forkner.
Its a bummer that has turned into such an ugly Shit Festival. Time was I used to enjoy it thoroughly. Now...not even a little bit.
Yay me and my chemistry teacher are finally getting along again ^-^
Chrysler's April sales rise 20% on strong Jeep, sedan volume Robust demand for Jeeps, pickups and the Chrysler brand lineup helped Chrysl
your so #ugly the last time your #daddy played with you, you were in his
your awesome and sweet kaybye(:
OMG typo from hell I've aged myself an xtra year 5 months early and did the same thing yesterday. No
i hope miami lose the series
Nuggets come out of the gate strong but LA weathers the storm after first quarter Nuggets lead 30-20 feels like it should be more
See the man with the stage fright, just standin' up there to give it all his might.
I'll admit, I did not see this coming. Nice Call on the covering the spread
(AP) -- U.S. official: North Korea rocket launch halts planned US.. food aid.
My phone be gettin notifications & shit late as fuck
... and no librarians walking away with $5,000 for a new wardrobe ;-)
Hey thanks for the follow. Stay tune for my up coming showings. Salute!!
Happy Monday!
congrats and welcome
I use Draw and Tell to target spoken language skills such as identifying concepts, describing, expanding utterances, etc.
great thanks alot
good hangin again bro!
Thanks girl! xoxo
<U+0093>It isn<U+0092>t what the book costs. It<U+0092>s what it will cost you if you don<U+0092>t read it.<U+0094> - Jim Rohn
haha...celebrating all YEAR for my 50th!
Thank you for your vision strength and support and for the awesome shout out xoxoxo You are an inspiration!
S/O to our fellow City Year Milwaukee alum and current staff member ---one of our best!!!!
New article coming soon...The day Dallas #Cowboys Hall of Famer Bob Lilly became a man.
time is tickinqq
Is it a flop Andre Miller? You would know...
lol. I'm so sorry u got burned. But that silence of the lambs reference was perfect.
The hell are you doing in Discovery Park in the dark? Do I even want to know?
It's been pretty nice in Chi-town. Rent or borrow a bike and you'll be fine.
Learning to adapt TDD mindset. One step at a time.
Penguins FTW!
Hawpe golfs one off his toes for his fourth homer of the year, 1-0 Rox
Having trouble finding the words to describe my frustration with the #RedSox. Trying to think of something better than "goddammit".
what did you do hahaha okay sorry I shouldn't laugh. But what happened?
With my niqqa doit. All we need is
"Be not afraid of growing slowly; be afraid only of standing still" .
Last night at The Finish Line Lounge with the gang! Gonna miss them.
Thanks for following & for passing it along!! Hope you enjoyed it! I'm trying to follow u but it won't let me...can u help?
finally going to get to see the hunger games!
Just saw Never say never preview on tv:)
What's your real one?
yea man I'm good. Keeping it moving
nothing got back from the studio nd its time to slietn to da tracks
it's like weeks forgot how to hit to the opposite field.
DADDY MAC'LL MAKE YA - JUMP, JUMP!!
NUGGETS MUST BEAT THE ZEBRAS
#nyapd #f2fconf #artsed pd for arts educators should NOT be lecture-based and should be very flexible
and in real life?
What are you craving from Maguire's today?
whats good today???
I couldn't agree more. I wish the cowboy would have stuck to the leg kicks, and his game plan! Not get drawn into boxing him!
is roasting marshmellows.
Hope y'all had a great day
my eyes still red..
So sad to hear about Moebius's passing today. He was a unique and amazing visionary.
Done at Footprints. Dance was nice. #cheers at #shebalounge @
Can't wait to see the new apple tablet today!
Thanks for the RTs and mentions! ,
“: We just won a Pinnacle Award from Northeast Tennessee Tourism Assn! #NETTA” <----AWESOME! Congrats!
Learn to respond, not to react
do you have BYU over Ncstate?
these lawyers can sux my pink balls! They have no idea what the eff they are doing! I am PISSED!!!!
This just in.. Jim Joyce is umping 1st... Yikes
I seem to have bad luck. I'm really sick, plus you've never RT'd or replied to or followed me..EVER. So, life isn't great.
Only Wes would use the word "love" in relation to the words "science" and "industry."
Going to buy my Halloween horror night tickets!!!!
You're being exactly what I despise.
Time for CLippers/Lakers. Am I the only Clipper fan??
Before TV, 2 world wars. after TV, no world wars. Correlation NOT causality. Nathaniel Lin, #Analytics Executives Network.
Thank you!!
Jesus Christ, try to keep Valentine's Day within the species, man.
Halloween !!!!! What is everyone dressing up as:) I will retweeet the best ones
Game 7s at MSG and Staples Center? Sounds like some sports to me.
So excited that the #BELIEVEtour is coming to the USA!!!!!!!!!!!!
The Mavs are fighting hard tonight! Score now 5-4 in favor of Rapid City with 14 minutes left in game.
Hey Rach! Hmm... I'm not sure on that one just yet... I've heard of Cali possibly in the works.
NFL Draft Day - I am interested to see what PC has planned for the Seahawks.
GOTTA STOP TRADING BASKETS.
OLLY AND ONE DIRECTION HOLY CRAP I MIGHT DIE
When you really love someone, age, distance, height, weight is just a number.
You guys you guys calm down! i've been at cheer practice all day. sorry!
RT! ": There's no point in trying still. So you let me know when you want me"
I've admired your work for years!
haha your welcome (:
He was adamant that he could have played alongside Dekker. 3 and 4 are basically the same in Bo's system, so not a big deal.
I used novel research as a reason to restart dance classes again 2 yrs ago. Do it!
iPads don't even have HDDs.
11:11 #Make A Wish :T
Cool- RT Tonight in The Marquee @ 7pm, in collabortaion , we have a free screening of Fordson: Faith, Fasting, Football!
My money looks real good right now.
We went to play mini-golf today. I won't be turning pro anytime soon.
I miss you.
Snow Day Ounce Special: Pick any Tier 3 flower, $150/mem, $175/non, limit of 1 per patient
"Tomorrow's life is too late. Live today."Marcus Valerius Martialis
And which zombie myth has returned from the dead?
“: If you don't set GOALS in life ..you will end up working for somone who did!!!#truth... Preach!!!
Imagine only having to administer ONE test to prove need!
thanks for the follow. Interested in learning more about ur business.
I like how everyone forgets all the evidence for Braun. Clean test after results, insanely high synthetics... BS
“Women and cats will do as they please, and men and dogs should relax and get used to the idea.” <U+2015> Robert A. Heinlein
Happy Sunday Twitches!!! I been LOVING this Chicago Weather.
shane conlan from penn st
Encourage the children around you, stand up 4 kids
how was that set?
I buy her beer when I see her. I'm honestly still a little frightened.
You know you wanna bite this.
In Chicago 5/10-5/15 to cover the data dive and other awesomeness for Can't wait!
Frank amendment to HR 1070 regarding #RegulationA reform does not pass
I love this so much lol.
Silly Judy lol RT Hahahahaha sprayed cologne on herself again instead of perfume
I'm disappointed. I thought "whiskers" referred to kitties, not beards.
Headed to Chicago for St. Patty's/MU day. Staying with diego and nate!
you are so right. Lol I am so tired! Thanks.
I am mortified that I just misused its and it's in a tweet a few minutes ago. I throw myself on the mercy of the Grammar Court.
Summer is in exactly 6 weeks :p
That Sporting KC game was great, but not sure it told us much: Revs are awful, and easy to look good 11v10.
thanks for the RT yesterday Kate!
With all of these injuries the #Bulls are going to have to put in Bill Murray soon, Space Jam-style.
def sitting at my desk eating peanut butter out of the jar with a plastic knife. Classy.
Great video and spot on! Did you see the one Andy Rooney did 30 years ago?
Love the mornings when you wake up on the right side of the bed : )
Happy Birthday to Garrett! What a lucky (and spoiled) puppy. ;)
Every major food company now has an organic division. There's more capital going into organic agriculture than ever before.
yah! But it could be 10 degrees warmer.
Rooney makes it 4!!!!
“: Communion always puts me in the mood for red wine. #xmaseve” great religion training
Oh hey, and will be at the party on Thursday! Yay finally get to meet y'all!
I'd like to embrace the camp of Rock Of Ages, but I remember too clearly the racist, homophobic dipshits who made up the hairband scene.
just had a serious discussion with how much room would really be necessary to gestate darkness.
bummer game on the ice tonight
30-year #mortgage rate falls to record 3.79 pct. | via
That funny moment when you have 6699 followers(;
real Madrid is going down my dude sorry
I wish I could order clothes and food off of Tumblr :c
My Tummy Hurts ... Again .-.
How many on the panel are pro treaty? #vinb Have we we bias here?
YES!!!! thats what they always said!
Actually this time in the semester is really fun. Just got a sweet phone call from a freshman trying to find peer reviewed articles.
LOL! i never thought about that:D
no practice for my 5yr. olds flag football team this week cause of the rain and our fist game is Saturday
Glad you got things working. We're having a little Google Hangout at 1PM to talk Ruby, Sinatra and Sequel today. Want in?
Jus smelt sum electric pooha in tha breeze my kiwis
Here's a Better Web Builder htp://mybwbsite.com/2915272/op Free!!
Long time no tweet - live tracks from Summerfest are coming soon though! Also new studio recordings, so stay tuned Pushers fans
You talk it, I live it, You're jealous, Admit it.
Who are we kidding...you need to host this thing every year.
Whoever oked that horrible plane in flight pic in New York needs to lose his/her job! How effen disrespectful!
Thank for the Follow Fridays
You may not know the significance of the small change while you are doing it but soon the droplets will collect and form an ocean.
#FF SHOW SOME LOVE & FOLLOW THESE FRIENDS!
small things 2 a giant
90% of those diagnosed with #COPD and #Asthma have a disorder called #AATD. Do you? Free screenings, art exhibit, refreshments. 11-17....
Ayee kadden you should submit some tracks to Coast2Coast bro..You got some heat over there!
Heard Kailynn's heart today...sounds great!! Sidebar: the sound of Kailynn's grandpa's voice sends her to kicking and punching.
We've been selected as a PIP site! Vote for us to win a grant to help us go green!
thanks. I have a feeling other airlines might follow suit. I'll keep everyone posted.
just chillin, its been a lazy friday night. Wyd
"A man wrapped up in himself makes a very small bundle." -Ben Franklin
when i make it big in this muthafucka im leavin alot of these so called friends high and dry
Man remember that time when Bill Clinton unleashed Wall Street and they did lots of stupid shit and now were in this debt crisis
it sends pictures and items from your foursquare, facebook and twitter feeds from a several yrs ago daily.
Who's enjoying the #Oscars so far?!:)
That's how you know your new trainer is GOOD! (And fun!)
That's what's up!! When 2nd start?
do yo school do official visit?
Enjoyed it, hope you did too!
You can tell her I took tour of Spurs gym once w/ Big Brother program. Found out Tim works out to 'Ally McBeal' soundtrack.
great work on my friends' engagement. fantastic shots.
Those with power never think about it, but those without power think about it all the time. ~Thomas Friedman
So 15 minutes of rain at noon cancels games at 3 and 6... well I have absolutly nothing to do now
"'Do you have a cell phone?' Translation: I want your number but I don't want to make this awkward"
": Everyone likes to think that they're all complex and shit, stfu"
he never responded to me
Just beat episode 1 of The Walking Dead. Holy shit it's so good you guys.
Today is my #someday... will retweet me. #neversaynever 36
#TeamTexans Jake Dellhome did take the panthers to a superbowl
'this is so just the bag of bad things'
Seriously? I laughed out loud in a restaurant reading this book. Twice in less than 20 pages. You rock and she's a hick.
turn this club around :-) €€$$
I can barely get a word out now before it tries to finish my sentence
Love that my client got 2nd place in the Best App Ever Awards Parenting category by ! Woo hoo, huge honor!
I always used to do that - trying to fix a stomachache by eating salty food never works. Eat an apple. And drink lotsa water.
Make my birthday your happy day. 50% off all my paintings except those in China at www.peggyguichu.com. If U R Nice I'll throw in shipping
I wonder If we can be out of uniform
you are the celtics
SHOP AT OUR SMALL BUSINESS AT TAMAIR PLAZA 13205 SW 137 AVE. MIAMI,FL.33186 GREAT PEOPLE GREAT PRICES $$$
i might have the sides switched. Grrr lol
“: King Kong > King James”bahahahahahaha
nothing makes you want to get out of your chair and belt it out quite like Total Eclipse of the Heart. thank you I love the 80s
haha or when you have someone in speaker and your with someone and they say something about u emmbarasing xD
I'm starting to appreciate baseball a little more these days. In the AL EAST, the #Redsox and the #Yankees are in the basement
where is the freakest place u ever got it in???
It's soo nice, I wanna hear the same song twice
Hi Pearl, Thank you, Stay warm, and sweet dreams
Hi Good article! How do you think such an initiative would affect the #Indian #education system?
Thanks! We can't wait for DC!
up bt now im gettin sleepy bored
check your DMs please?
Brunch made by , chili and family time for the #Packers game...it's a good birthday!!!
not that guy ! omg lol Cough cough ?(:
Hunger games >>> everything
"Like the air you breathe, abundance in all things is available to you. Your life will simply be as good as you allow it to be."
Have you had Pats or Geno's? That's where it's at brotha!
whoomp there it is!
still cnt sleep....
Cannot believe that anyone considers this jackass villain a candidate.
The shit people do for followers. SMH
All I really wanna do is cry.
see the interview w/ #TrayvonMartin parents last nite on Piers? All parties in that need 2 b ashamed of that mess.
lmfao you silly
Great!! We can provide each other some positive peer pressure! Oh, too many exclamation points? :)
wow I want that same coverage for everyone
But it's frustrating to figure out how to learn these skills. You don't learn this in Library School.
Great News! I passed my audition and have been accepted into "The Groundlings" - now I can hone my comedy and improv chops. Woohoo!
The squirrel is back!
I wouldn't miss it for the world!
Rocking purple & gold eyeshadow @ #YeRusticInn in #Los Feliz. The #Lakers better win or I'll look like someone from that gypsy wedding. show
You are so kind. Thank you!
Ok. I might check back post match. Trying to get some TA gear for the fiancé. Help a brother out. :)
Ooh baby I can give up my GMail, Netflix, Zappos, iTunes, eBay - all kinds of juicy logins
watching hearst n davies affair with lovely n it n loving some of the hairdo's. gives me some ideas b4 i chop off my long locks.
thanks for checking it out!
"all summer"? I have high expectations of cuddling every. single. night.
Daww thanks, I needed that :] You're the real beauty though!
Searched Google for "hot plates." It asked me, "Do you mean hot pants?" No, Google, I did not mean hot pants.
Mark your calendars now! The #Rivoli is having a cleanup effort on Saturday, June 9, from 9am until noon and we'd love to have you there.
Chair, #InternetSociety #ISOC predicts Net will put huge pressure on political institutions to adopt and adapt.
"The tragedy in life, doesn't lie in not reaching your goals... The tragedy lies, in having no goals to reach."
One must not lose desires. They are mighty stimulants to creativeness, to love and to long life. :)
We're facilitating comebacks all over the place! Let us know how it goes, Josh.
I feel like is really high which is why she keeps RTing "bong"
Rihanna ft, Calvin Harris "We Found Love" listen to its
you wish you were in on it!!!
:( RT : #Brewers GM Doug Melvin confirms Mat Gamel has torn ACL. Probably season ending.
he totally does! he's one of my faves sofar:)
I'm bout to go gamble myself
Umm did I ask you ?
Coworking begins in just one hour! Seeya there!
hey sexy, can i get yo numba?
cynical as always! :)
yeah! now i only watch tv for a few sitcoms and music
Could be because one our guests works on upcoming show Hell on Wheels.
Mommy time is over now that the kids are up from naps! Bye quiet time!
Advantage of moving to Florida - I don't have to scroll down so much for state select boxes.
tThe groundhog or the handler?
Just spent the last hour building the contact list for Elevate Youth! Getting ready to watch a generation begin their awakening!
Thats our job!:) Happy Holidays! RT : taking me to AND from work today...worth every dime
dale un abrazo a la Miss de mi parte
wow, they did a movie on rampart cops with Woody Harrelson as a dirty cop... love it!! Have you ever read Labyrinth by by Randall Sullivan?
I honestly have to start disliking those who tend to hurt me or make me feel bad!
Hunger games midnight premiere..
RIP Whitney Houston :(
sd talking about hypercities
Just when I think #uverse is fixed, it craps out on me again. Is rebooting my receivers every day a solution? I think not!
Sadly, with 27% of the country actually insane, and an additional 13% who hate taxes, the margin of error for Dem win is vanishingly small
that last pic was game night at ben and G's. When u were cereal bowl crowned champion
When everything is starting to get better. All because that one single thing was missing. <3
Dozens of trips to Chicago. Each with trip to Field, Shedd, Adler, LP Zoo, or Museum of Science & Industry. Nice childhood!
Looking forward to 2 excellent exhibits opening Friday - Calder @ L&M and Twombly @ Gagosian
anytime :) <3 come to school
#kids McKeesport Children's Room - Pre-School Story Time for children 3 years to Kindergarten: McKeesport Children's Room - Pre-School...
www.kociradio.com coming up: "Little Queen of Spades" by Eric Clapton, "Don't Tell me Why" by Steve Copeland & Raging Sun
me to! lol I think it may be a girl thing. We all do it!
What kind of dick says, "You probably haven't heard of it" instead of, "You've probably seen these"?
Happy Birthday, Laura! Hope it's a peaceful, healthy, and happy one!
#chickendance was good fun last night in Newport, KY. Beer & Polka are my version of Soulfood & Blues
yeah, kinda complicated though.
A hoe is like the first slice of bread in a loaf. Everybody touches it but nobody wants it.
Oh, just saw your tweet. It was Woodley Park. Stanky.
Fuck you-Lily Allen <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Hey everyone. Gonzalez is looking for a GM Designer with NX7 and NX5 experience. We're also hiring a Jr. Automation Engineer and Software C…
OMG 's ICON is so pretty!
own hands and creating fashion for their fellow tall sisters. I might have to break out my sewing machine..lol
Stop by Chipotle Mexican Mexican Grill (in Nora- 86th & Westfield Blvd)Indianapolis and get your Cinco de Mayo Celebration Going.
Friday the 13th is for schmucks. Don't allow a calendar mishap to dictate your fortune.
Chris Brown with blonde hair <
Welcome! : We're at Wonderful resources for teens and young adults w/#autism Stop by and say hi!
: U still holdin it down big homie
he really blowing me.
Paging ... RT : hm. The doesn't 'side' w any bloggers or particular ideology.
ok fine :-p next time stop in. My moms the shit. Shell get all excited if you say you are a friend of mine.
i forgot... Lol
Be safe tonight. Portland Call Ride On. For a ride for you and your car 503-235-7433.
Legacy is greater than currency.
Neeato, finally the entire gang is all hear. We sure have come a long way
Thanks for the RT.
I'm 2 for 2 on conference proposals for next year so far. Now to wait and hear about the third proposal.
oh yes we do....we went there too ya know. lol
Thx for the #FF - back at you! Got another story for you, not a client, just moved me. Are you familiar w/ The Kids Center?
west memphis
beginner guitar player=very sore fingers
OK then, maybe not! ;)
I never thought getting ur heart broken would hurt this bad! </3
#Np J Cole ft Jay Z- Mr. Nice Watch
Depends on what interface yr using. A strict RT just copies the text, but sometimes better to add yr own spin.
She's on campus all day two days & homeschools her kids when she's not working. She's the best.
Sold our house, $$ in the bank, hubby considered a Porche with the proceeds. Not sure 2 adults, 2 dogs, and furniture can fit in there.
Dreams Without Actions Stay Dreams...
We've updated our "Explore Seattle" list, come check it out!
the one she gave in january where we had to write our assignments, calculate the %, get it signed....blah blah
Spell on! WI's Parker Dietry nails "fennec" in Round 2 of the National Spelling Bee. Fingers crossed for Round 3!
So shorty broke up with her dude and told me to come through... I might but your room is dirty as fuck that means your dirty!
I used to roll my eyes when "old people" went on about time flying. Turns out they had a point.
please follow back? My twitter messed up & now you aren't following me:'( could this day get any worse
Some People Hate My Opinions.... Oh Well, *SHRUGS*
Congrats to my !! Wishing you all the happiness in the world and more
Wish I had more time for ya these days, Twitter.
Heading to the babes house .
Good weekend with can't wait for thanksgiving break! #goodtimes :)
What up?
*Quirky Friday-related comment*
‘Expendables 2' Trailer Preview, Hosted by Terry Crews
Show love to your loved ones today cuz you're not promised to live tomorrow.
"I made a solemn vow before God ..if Gen Lee were driven back from Pennsylvania, I would crown the results with .. freedom to the slaves."
Her man only want sex from her..he dont love her at all.He has more the 12 girls hiting him up
what up man...i knw ive been m.i.a
That is certainly what we are trying to do at uncc atkins
can I be one of those lucky people you're following? :) pleeeeeeaaassee?
I think we all miss the Christian Okeye&Barry Word days.
Some people say they drop their phone on their face. Well, I just dropped mine on my girlfriend's face.
Yes indeed RT : Wednsday called me last night & wnted me 2 let u guys know tht she has some cool thngs planned for u. So get @ it
He's fun 2 watch but Blake is most overrated player in nba. He's lost when game bogs down like it does n playoffs same w DJ. Limited skills
and the basket for Zach #hickselmeyer is good!
Oh nice! Check out at m.parlor.fm! The full app isn't available for iPhones yet but u can still test it out!
RT : What the hell was I thinking working out this late at night but I got get the body right!!!!
: The Lord will make perfect that which Concerns me- Psalm 138:8
ill take that as a compliment ;)
check your dm's please!! (:
This bitch just coughed and touched me on my neck
Just because I don't say nothing doesn't mean I don't know & I only give one chance to tell me the truth remember that.
FINALLY starting this book
I say what I mean and mean what I say, so don't bother trying to read between the lines, there's nothing there.
It couldn't have been any worse than her Grammy performance. She's gone off the deep end for sure.
Pelicans it is
Holy hell my ocean is glowing blue!
"royal" blue...haha!
someone else mentioned it was boooyaa! :-)
Happy birthday beautiful
It is considered taboo for a respectable Romanian woman to perform oral sex.
omg. If it's true I wonder why they broke up, hmm.. Do you have the link to the article?
LOVE that!! We have some awesome 67 platforms coming for Spring/Summer & Fall/Winter! I'll def keep you posted..
RT “: Things Mitt Romney can't remember: giving hair cuts, # of jobs he created, the truth.”
haha yes of course :D
Yes, I would support a law that strikes down Florida's so-called self-defense protection law.
TIM FREAKING DUNCAN.
#PFPayphone keep watching it, over and over again. YOU GUYS BETTER PLAY THIS ON THE SANCTUARY TOUR!!!!
Yes! I read the Paris Wife right after I got back from Paris and it made me want to go ASAP!
That's freakin' awesome! I need one that's flame and heat resistant for my fire hoop...
Hunger Games midnight premiere with and !!
Bought my first necklace today, it's the coolest thing.
I'm here to help RT : I spit my juice out laughing, thanks Joy lol
Hannah kicked me off the computer so she can watch some DCOM live chat. Fuck you Disney Channel. Bridget Mendler is not the next Miley.
Bust a nut! NOT a cap.
#frogs to NY.
March...The best month in sports! Are you ready?
Hey Kim,How are you :)
don't think so :/
I saw it. Lakers are still a matchup problem for the Heat up front. No Bosh made a difference.
Happy adventuring! We're heading out Wednesday. See you in NOLA!
Great piece on The Onion News Network. Nicely done!
Every item!! RT : even a car sticker purchase gets a car sticker?
Have you thought about tweeting pictures of things to do or the facilities at BG locations? Vacations R all about visuals.
seanwalters181 - Scholarships In Georgia Tech
I see you and lil Jon Jon on the pic
My twitter is acting weird!!!!! Its sending people messages that look like spam!!!!
keep me posted would love to know what's going on.
I take pictures in everyones bathrooms but mine, lol
Jealous! Love them guys. RT : Fastball, acoustic, tonight!
They sure did, but I wonder whatever happened to them.
I really cant stand lames...like why???? it just dont make sense!?!!!?
she gonna talk wit me on da phone everyday when I'm out there she gonna miss me person but my not voice
ten min
is so pretty!! :O
Leave it to the "other chamber" to make last night's House debate seem reasonable.
America's Got Talent tonight...safe to say the "talent" requirement rules out almost everyone in the Congress from participating...
Just hAd a dream that slept with 2 obese gay men to help spread equality - puke!
This band #thewanted needs to be taken out asap
Reports of a car into a house near Arata Rd & Greenway.
Love the man, but even in the terminator movies james cameron is a fucking sap.
Back in the lower funkier authentique Rue Des Abbesses - un Bier Demi at the bar with decent music and you :)
I'll be there tomorrow!! I'll letcha know!
Glad you like it! CC: RT : Huge fan of using a graphic artist as a note taker for events.
ohh but whats does that mean?
way to go...looking forward to the upcoming season...as a Dream fan I am quitely cheering for you
my friend dedicates so many hours daily to keep fresh content coming -- I am implementing this asap!
I love working with ! Great organization! If you haven't watched , I suggest that you do!
Those going to #ala11 - any tips for a 1st timer on how to organize my time/sched? And no, i don't have a smartphone :(
#flipclass I went all in for 3 of my classes and about 20% flipped in other 2. Have to constantly retrain in the not full flipped classes.
I need to move out!!! Fml
#CAU FASHION SHOW
Getting fat off of pizza and I don't give a fuck
My mom is afraid of internet people
hey,do you have a contact for producers?
I think Deandre Jordan is more athletic than Dwight Howard.
: Looking forward to hanging out on Wednesday! What cuisine will we have this time?
Just stuff I remember. ha -brian
Can anyone help me figure out the intrinsic value of a company's stock when you are evaluating it? thank you kindly =)
Hope everyone has a happy #holiday with their families!
Going local with my coffee choice: Dunn Bros coffee at the convention center...next stop registration
I did. Really easy. Want recipes?!?! Xo
Been a while since we've planned something to trend in KC after a goal. Lets get ready to do something next weekend, huh?
Thank you for following us Kathy, we look forward to working with you in the future. Have a great Weekend!
So mad I didn't see and lastnight I'm so use to seeing them that I miss them!!! :)
Two years ago and I got to experience #TheMasters in person thanks to some great friends!! WHAT an experience!!!
I only date girls who like vacation, I'm a bit of a Chevy Chaser
RT : "You are in violation of our social media policy" is not the way to find out you have a social media policy.
IM IN PAIN! Which is weird cause i was lifting half as much weights than i was a week ago, im gonna stop till july 1st
REALLY well ;)
I'm going to need a brief twitter tutorial Sheri:)
Who do i need to follow??? REPLY!
Shopping with my momma <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0081>
Chris is the same way! Must be something going around.
no worries; just checking.
did u watch national geographic last night?
she was in Barcelona but arrived back in LA last night. Next time!
I love playing MapleStory! It's so fun and addicting! :) You guys should try playing it. It's a real good RPG game!
80° and not a cloud in the sky....I can live with this...
the irony of her bullshit is just.... ogod
We will be sure to add a lime #cocktail garnishe “: vodka tonic, two limes!”
noods i hope
In #Denver house-hunt, I'm do all legwork but agent makes $$$! Think I may start calling listing agent if interested- Thoughts?
If I could just stop getting distracted, then I would probably be halfway done with this, but NO. LOL
thanks for the
Thanks, new follower: !
Psych final at 1 then I'm done..
Thanks for this great resource!
Always ads for "Disney on Ice"...."Scarface On Ice" now that I would pay to see.
Chatting with today! A great organization worth following!
#earthquake in #Cleveland! - I'm looking at you.
“Share the love! Retweet with #macoffice for another chance to win. One retweet per person.”
i totally agree! have a winning weekend! :)
Picking over bones of old, dead companies I once worked for. A lost document here, login credentials to a dead server there... graverobbing?
2/2 2) Sneakers are works of art. That said, is anyone out there preserving them for the future? Is there a sneaker museum ?
Burn bitch, i let it burn bitch, money straight like a mother fuckin perm bitch
It hasn't touched mine! ;D
“The minute you start talking about what you’re going to do if you lose, you have lost.”
Dear Scripted Television, I want to be in you. xojeff
Great! I am up to eyeballs in a challenging ERP initiative. I thrive on this! Et tu? Keeping busy and knocking down walls?
where do I get a solid sandwich downtown/east side?
: Never that.!
Ill get back on later
thanks for the
listening to the man on the deck sing Louvin Brothers songs in an amazing voice while i read.
fuck that kiss my ass
Hm what to eat...what to eat...
There's a reason they call it "Happy" Hour... Come see us 5-8PM for $5 drinks & select $6 appetizers.
Shark Tank! 18-minute warning.
Trying to network my ass off right now......
Nobody interesting enough to talk too Gn
Am I the only one besides Katt Williams that has 7 chuckles when somebody falls on their butt.
i am so proud of him. RT Feelin this.
yea, that won't work. Skype tour? haha jk! let us know if we can send anything your way though - samples, etc.
I truly feel we all need to do more of this! Benefits for all in the long run! RT : It has been an awesome week for collaboration.
I didn't expect them to get up and dance. :-) they have to protect their family as we all would.
Lisa Pavelka Silver Dog Bone Bezel Setting, Nickel and Lead Free, 1 <U+2033>
We <3 you...in a manly way. RT What are all these people doing in my house?
The selection of is unreal. I especially like the one of a kind PRS in Dave's private collection upstairs.
good to meet you. Let's build!
Divide your height and
I am thinking about getting a Ford E-250 Extended for a new car!
Summer in my favorite season! What's your favorite summer scent?
I'm someone who really needs alone time in order to function. I need people around me but for different reasons...
But marketing in a recession isn't about marketing less, it's about marketing better and smarter
Dance as though no one is watching. Love as though you have never been hurt. Sing as though no one can hear you. Live like this is heaven
Thank God I love Jesus.
BREAKING NEWS: Bobby Petrino is still a dirt bag.
left downtown and now on edens. And when it rains people forget how to drive. “: Where are you driving? Downtown?”
Thanks for the follow and for speaking your mind!
": thank u antennas :-)" this sat lets make a hit!
RT - Sleve slaton been cut by the texans and got sign by miami. Now with reggie bush and slaton combine the dolphins h...
need to do sum cause ion never hear from you -__-
Anyone going to the Penn State game tomorrow?
I drink a cup every hour.
I am juror #7. The alternate. Duty will not wait, yo.
#WeWontWorkoutIf you don't follow me on twitter.
One step at a time.
If you're not happy, you're not happy. Best to move on rather than be miserable.
looks like Sunshine from Remember the Titans
Got the files bruh, I'll check 'em in the AM, how's that 12 comimg?
joker deserves a few years. Funny how spoiled the football fanbase is now. He didn't lose any games that we were favored in.
Franchise News FDA Menu Nutrition Labeling Requirements—Significant Changes Ahead Because the proposed regulations still leave many quest
Uh, i've been looking for a FTP ticket for awhile. if you find one, i'll give you 75.00 for it.
the wait is over!!
yay! had her baby!
Re-listening to call of #Tigers 9th inning comeback against #WhiteSox last year gives me goosebumps. "How 'bout it!"
Have you checked out our first 4G device? The Samsung Galaxy Tab 10.1!
It went well, thanks! We miss you guys though. We'll be back on the 16th!
I know this bus ain't, break down !
Fell asleep had a dream of u, woke up dream come true..
The wind is cold out here. Still a nice day though
Got my postcard, just want to say it's awesome and I keep it by my bed side! I love you!
debcha corollary on cat gravity: Unlike regular gravity, the force increases as the *inverse* of the cat's mass (hence, higher for kittens).
WHY DOES IT SAY NO MATCHES FOUND WTF
I HATE AU CENTRAL.
I will happily pay $5.
Got some wack box numbers at work giants 8 pats 5
I miss you #YOLO Thursday?
NMC Meta Trends 11. Big Data and Big Networks
Let the lunchtime #FF tweeting begin, lest I be unworthy of all the kind Follow Fridays :)
tell me - with schnitzel, waffles, kimchi tacos, burgers, & slushies is there any type of street food you feel you're not getting in nyc?
Word! RT : Do not start a battle unless you are prepared for war.
wonder if you will have anything to talk about on in the am?
Can't get my chatroom to work :( I'm gonna miss #CyberMonday #21/m/Texas
Courage is grace under pressure. Have an awesome weekend. -- Ernest Hemingway
I hope to hear about the supposed DLC ending (aka REAL ending) being FREE. $60 incomplete game = LAWSUIT" lol seriously?
All these voices telling me i'll never win but the voice of Truth tells me a different story..
Just because it's tricky doesn't mean we should ignore it.
We should talk more!!! I talk to Aaron McDonald more than you and I even have his phone number.
Rockinglky good times working with the #Portland crew of
yay! have fun! three day weekends are #thebest :)
Happy New Year 2010 is here
Come kick with me and my friends :D
early NSD! o. Subway.
I have found that if we go as far as we can, God often opens up the rest of the way. - Isobel Kuhn
merry christmas dyl!
Our mother --> : Darlene Elaine Carter Bunting <3
for the record. the #Jets and #Dolphins would be dumb to take Manning. Miami needs to set foundation for future. jets take 3 steps back
What about Spielberg, who said he'd stay "loyal" to film "until the last lab closes"? Sounds like shill for Big Chemical!
RT : Good Morning World! Gonna watch the #SFGiants game vs the
:'DD I'm glad they're going back but I'm sad that Vinny isn't going to be there.
Leo Tolstoy~ And all people live Not by reason of any care they have for themselves But by the love for them that is in other people.
thanks! Although spoiled season 2 for myself trying to track down exact quote for end.
every dog has its day!!
Can't wait to get my hands on TAP during my visit on Wed. Looking fwd. to meeting
WAT IT DO....DID YU STAY AT DOUGHERTY AFTER I GRADUATED
Don't complain to the newsroom. Get cable. No really. Get cable. You don't want to miss
Wow my mom is buying me McDonald at 10:30 at night
Grateful for a sweet job at a great company. Now that I'm "in" I never wanna leave ;) Tired in a good way after day 1. Excited for day 2.
Maulers blocker Slaymate of the Year to the bin, also, Maulers taking a fast pack to try to limit the damage
OMG THE RAYS MAY NEVER WIN ANOTHER GAME!!!
These NIGGAs ain't ballin baby sub me in the game
KIE partners with firms to launch e-class - The Star
Let's see if it can even come close to Hodgson's RT : Prom Is Gonna Be Too Jumping
Mine would be a trout.
I've got to stop volunteering for so much stuff.
Lol, that dumb bitch needs to learn how to keep her shit in check.
lol, I'm disappointed Twitter didn't print the full name but converted it to a link instead
At NBC uni party with great chef Padma and many hardworking NBC associates
Off to Gibney studios to rehearse with the wonderful Calen Kurka! :) perfect way to end this Monday!
Home tonight to grade some letters. The wheel spinning continues.
I dont like most of the people at my school
thank you for having us!
#instagram dropped for android today and I see my timeline full of effects. Lol, same features and filters but different phone.
I'm sorry! Very similar
Thank you so much for the RT! Have a great day ahead!
well, southwest... I have a problem! LOL
Goodnight twitter<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
I don't give a motherfuck about you
Crying doesn't make you weak and not crying doesn't make you stronger.
Good morning Twitterville! Make it a GREAT day!
Still blasting "Warren Wolf"??? Get your copy now. W/ and Greg Hutchinson. It's hot!!!!
Thank you!
THANK YOU PEP! <3
It drives me crazy when my mom doesn't answer her phone
Mongolia was fun. Loved it. Seriously, it was amazing.
What? Coffee Bean? I saw you at Starbucks a few weeks ago...do you have no brand loyalty? LOL Good luck with your lecture!
Like the Chinese saying goes, better rich and healthy than sick and poor.
wish I had the power to make time pass by slowly or that there were hundreds of me so I could spend equal time with all friends and family
It's not right dude.
"Let us make a change-why can't we turn the page? Lord make us able-without you we are totally unstable." ::nneka::the uncomfortable truth::
Thanks for the invite. and I had dinner plans across town, but I appreciate the thought!
on the phone with my emmy :D ; i like you darlin' <3
#FF and lastly for some humor follow
Emily. and yours? :)
Nice! That's awesome I'm jealous hope you have a blast! Thanks going to bed now! :)
good taste!
RT : Fact: a British accent makes any presentation at least 30% greater.
Thank goodness for nice weather.
We gotta get up and work these tracks.
My pleasure! So glad to have been able to assist :)
No prob. Hope you find a film that fits the bill!
thats whats good. hell my day off and all i did was sleep in something rare for me and stuff my face all day due to boredom
are you having one ?
very excited for the champagne party at #dc this evening with and !
Be true to your teeth, or they'll be false to you!
Article on the detrimental effects of solitary confinement, where many kids in the adult system are kept 23.5 hours/day....
Great talks at Harvard these past few days. And a B+ Givry 2008 with a cool historian of French Architecture.
Only temporarily so I can tattoo my whole head.
@ the NBA Jam Session in LA! Flicks will be up soon!
We are very sad to hear that Penn Camera, our DC based local camera store, and frequent partner, is closing.
another alzheimer's story in the media. mmmhhmmm I just heard the term "adult day center."
dont worry, youre still better than Prairie View
Some people are good at acting friendly. Some people really *are* friendly.
Oh I agree with you completely... at the time, I thought he should have been gone for the entire playoffs at minimum
what is the leading brand?
One last note: 1600 has a posse.
Miserable End scheduled live recording in Hollywood Saturday Feb. 18th 2012 !
Truuuuussssssst me Tantra is the missing link to make you finally feel complete
I'm inspire by my CMI BROTHAS on my
Listening to Haji music cause I can't figure out how to turn off this guys radio
thank you!
I had a dream for a brilliant country music video. People would be wearing plaid, lyrics include "Johnny Cash" and there's a dance number.
Just watched Sting and Vince Gill on Crossroads. Two of my all-time favorites!
idk I say your face to everything
Haha RT : The #Saints are going to make people drink tonight. Oh, wait, Saints fans totally do that already.
why am I the only person who edits in >= 14 pt?
I HATE THIS WORD • Rachett • WHO TF STARTED IT ? "/
No problem can be solved from the same level of consciousness that created it. ~ Albert Einstein
home! but back on the reference desk tomorrow...
Wow--the eggs are blue, too? They're committed to the whole "blue" thing!
Owners of family-owned companies should consider succession a dynamic, continual process instead of an event that happens once a generation.
Kanyes remix of I Dont Like is pretty tertible. I like Keefs version better, and Chief Keef is pretty terrible himself
Woke up feeling like I really dont want to troop to class today, but God did his job and I need to do my part -_-
How is Business.. Miss chatting with you.. We all still need to get out and grab that Sushi..
Park Place Motorcars in Grapevine, TX is awesome! Excellent Mercedes-Benz service! Thank you Debbie Lowke.
L&L is out of teriyaki cheeseburgers. I'm going to go light a homeless man on fire.
Just finished great conversation with my team regarding what it means to elevate the teaching profession in America...
"All of the online assignments were turned in on time, which is always a shock." 25% of offline assignments late.
No he married a very wealthy woman.
Awesome I cant wait!
Miami pulled it off in 3OT without the best player on the team and lebron... Impressive
Standing in solidarity with janitors. Dish Network in Denver went non union... shame on #dishnetwork! RT
are you going to the innov8 thing today?
Apr 26,1942: #Churchill and #Roosevelt were sharing great concern over security of convoy routes to Russia.
RT : That you'd rarely shuffle for 12-feet in one direction.. [ excellent point..]
still pretty bad. Trust me.
Oh lord I got my little brother hooked on
RT A3: I believe that compassion fatigue is 1 of the main reasons there is such high turnover in elder care.
those who are good ones, but prevented by the over zealous enforcement tactics that force them into poverty and insolvency?
Oh my god that is not true attack attack! And asking Alexandria are not sucky bands @ jennieguzzamon is a hater
: In case you haven't been, all the hype about is true. Foodie heaven.// there are folks that haven't been to Campo yet?
couldve BUT I got sum already <U+E405>
Stop by our booth at the Creative Chicago Expo (Mar. 23 & 24) to learn about "Color Jam" and our exciting plans for !
I disagree with Kay Jewelers. I would bet on any given Friday or Saturday night more kisses begin with Bud Light than Kay.
are you guys really broken up?
haha yeah thats great man. I think this is your representing arsenal social networking site lol
Getting called on stage doesn't mean run and go pee.
Only thing is, I don't wanna be doin that crazy ass shit for 90days lol... Insanity is harder, but its only 60days
#TEDMED AAMC receives art for supporting telecast to 300 schools of medicine and nursing. Thanks from #uva too!
tonight, we were drinking!!!
Cooked Lunch for Charlie Palmer and the rest of the CIA board today
Anyone wanna skype
my friend came up with this idea about a year ago i thought it was brilliant, gotta move quickly
RT : If u can't, its prolly best to cut losses and keep it pushin my nigga just keep it pushin lol s/o to
Hangover 2 = Hangover 1 , They lose some1 stu sings a song , Some1 loses something (like a tooth) not going to spoil the rest ... Go see it.
i love you kiddo <3
Thanks mom for putting me in a good mood and getting me breakfast before school! #thanks#lovemymom <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
My dog gave me the only workout right now
I agree it should be an independent staff to handle this. Stupid people with making him the slave driver.
Oh hahaha I was just retweeting
Don't go to bed angry! I really try to stick by this...talk it out, COMMUNICATE...stewing isn't going to fix it! :)
Off to the airport!!!
“: What scares you? If you don't mind sharing, I'd really like to know.” SUCCESS
desperate times, desperate measures.
When your bestfriend reads your mind.
When people shove their earphones in your ear cuz they want you to listen to the song ):
Benihana. It's on me. Ween stressing we stretch it ya dig
RT : you get the buzzword badge! RT : Gamification of education seems to be the new buzzword
Torn isn't just "Another 1D song"-Kelly
Never been kicked out of a restaurant
Some things r better left alone; cuz in da enD U jst neva know
As a long term client, I will be closing my business and personal accounts because they have been AWFUL lately.
You guys were awesome last night Pretty sure i peed myself during Husband Finders and Bean Dips Yoga
Cleaned up and dressed up in tuxs and evening gowns; I don't recognize any of the kids. I can't figure out which is my kid.
No Trust = No Relationship .
Happy Thanks Giving everybody ! A&M Rosmai
": Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement. Nothing can be done without hope and confidence. -Helen Keller"
why I aint got yo number?
when do you turn 21??
This Is For Them 20 Somethings. Time Really Moves Fast You Were Just 16
dude where the hell can I find the DD Anatomy of a Scene?
So thankful to have seen the NBA 1976-93 era, and know that this is NOT a great game. Entertaining, yes. Well played, absolutely not!
I have... I think it is wonderful. Now to figure out how to get my principal to watch it!
I have done all of those things at least once in the last month with my phone.
well... You're a fucking Englishman <3
The celebration is in full swing! Come check out the new exhibitions and enjoy some delicious snacks catered by Spoon! They're delicious.
Just ate in Eastern Market DC. Now its back to work!
yep, kindle version costs .99, why, when PDF on MSR's site is free? No biggie...
Doing rough mixes for rapper Scott Mack today. Mastered a single for Dat Bwoy Fedi yesterday + some video editing & DVD duplication.
wow...good Q, but probably Howard still.
Thanks for the RT! :)
ha i'm in bed applying for jobs, trying 2 read for class & watching say yes to the dress.
dont need it but its a good way to make them go slower however Im looking for advocacy in Orlando Fl
Did you get to choose what you got? Midtown just had grab bags.
usage based fees are perfectly fair and standard for many of the services you already use (pepco, etc)
Booking flights has got to be one of the most superficially annoying things a person could find themselves having to do.
Ugh so tired but I have to start work in a few minutes. Thank goodness I can work in my PJ's
Oh my lord, Lionel & Madge gettin' a little cozy with their tweets.
:) you're welcome!
HEY I JUST TWEETED YOU..AND THIS IS CRAZY...BUT HERES MY FOLLOW BUTTON.. SO PRESS IT MAYBE?<3 4
RT : Sketch gas stations<<<
alright just making sure.
Models Night Out Tuesdays Ladies Complementary All You Can Drink Infused Vodkas!
i wished a certain someone would follow me back </3
yes sir! Heading your way soon maybe we can meet up?
I will recycle when done. Had no clue it would be that long. What else can I do to make up for this? Plant a tree?
Take a look at yourself in the mirror. Who do you see looking back? Is it the person you want to be or the person people want you to be?
Can't wait to see you guys tomorrow it's going to be epic!!! =]
That (retweet button) works too!
Ahaa Aha Aha !!!
Spurs games are the most boring games to watch ! Clippers need to take this series so I can actualy watch the west finals
A big #followfriday for everyone who's been tweeting about our 20/20 appearance! Thanks guys, it's definitely humbling and awesome!
Got 80K at end of level 1. Had a terrible table draw to start day with 3 really good online players on my left. Just got moved before break.
Great 100° temperature...#sick:(
I do! Rt : Anyone wanna go to skyline for dinner?
We most often go astray on a well trodden and much frequented road.
Just had some tasty makaroni's
was one of the "better people" in our art class... then she threw a pot at the ground and smashed it, for fun!!! #dead&gone
haha we can all tell! You tell him everyday.
hey boo how's your day going tho?
RT Well damn.. Thats a Nurse shift.--lol only im not a nurse haha
What was your favorite childhood toy?
got that song on replay!!!!
I just can't seem to possibly FATHOM the amount of white trash that lives in the ROC it was so sickening I never knew it was this bad
Ah yes of course :) I like that... I'm trying to find the perfect balance :)
Do you have her Mother's Day gift picked out? How about the gift of radiant skin? Make her feel pampered and refreshed.
Think I just pulled something saving myself LOL
"i don't want another chance id rather eat cat food"
Love coming back from lunch and seeing TEN tweets about burgers. :)
Good morning #NYC! Do you start your week off with an early morning fitness class, or the good ol' snooze button?
what is the plan for tonight?
As we left practice my friends both said they totally understand why I am a part of They were amazed by the encouragement.
Thanks for coming to meet me at the 'Webicon'!
would 10am this Thurs. Work for you?
Matthew, that's why God created DVRs! :)
"LAUGHTER!!!" "HESITATION!!!" "WRONG ANSWER!!" RT if you know what I mean ;)
#Quote2SpinBy <U+E148> Those who stand for nothing fall for anything~Alexander Hamilton #quote RT
Does wonders for mimosas!! And for the record, I still eat fruit loops :)
Fun weekend in Napa. Release party, #Bouchon for lunch, #Morimoto's for sushi dinner twice. Imbibed on too much
Current me to the me over the holidays: what the hell was that all about?
(2NITE) GRAD BASH @ STATUS... GRADS FREE ALL NITE - ALL ACTIVE UF GREEKS IN FREE BEFORE 12AM - ALL VIP GRADS DRINK FREE CHAMPAGNE
Great post Leslie! I think it's time we censor someone's foot though!
Thanks for the loan of the lake view!
Liquid Gold “: Always remember............I believe in you. cc "
“ “ Thick girls>>> skinny bitches””
How beautiful it is to do nothing, and then to rest afterward. ~Spanish Proverb
i was appointed by #BrickSquad to go on court TV shows and act retarded
let's not talk like he is dead
wow!!!! that is awesome, the best album ever
Roughly .300 combined OBP in front of Braun tonight. Just let him hit leadoff and be done with it.
how you liking ft. Lauderdale?
I like being in movies that have a great story. I'm not so interested in being a Hollywood star. It's a job, you know. - Kristen Stewart
i agree. the 1st pole record is a real touchstone for me and it wears well.
So, if Romney didn't care he was gay why capitulate to the Religious Right? Maybe because they really did care he was gay...
It's going down that one way tomorrow night at lockland bar & grill . 713 wyoming G.P.S. It .... Fight party . Cali D. Gurls on deck
the weekend!
haha sounds like a plan
Thoughts become things - Mike Dooley
I'm boycotting any bar that doesn't have Summer Shandy on tap in the summer.
Everyones just an ass hole today.
Its bacc to work tomorrow. Succs but glad to have a job. Oh BTW #iGotBeatz FWM!!!!!!
Next week is National Craft Beer Week. Stay tuned for our feature on members creating great craft beers
Radelet: "One of the biggest changes in emerging African countries is a fall in the birth rate."
RT One way to conserve water this summer is to adjust your lawn mower to a higher setting. Longer grass retains water better!
My team's championship run is tonight. I could use some mojo tonight in goal. Could be my final game ever.
What do you need?
Father, son, plead guilty to killing bear in Mass.
Glad You Came on the radio makes me sad. I miss <U+E411>
Currently tracking bgv's for our upcoming 37 Korean album release. #stoked #CFNi37 www.cfnmusic.com
real life is better! That's when we drink!
Who said you were emo? You dont know the difference between scene and emo? LOLOL
did you see who is coming to the alliant energy center on 3/22 at 8pm? Tix go on sale 2/10.
All music! Esp. classic rock, indie and electro. Check out for some great indie & 4
RT : welcomes Candy Chang to Reno to present her project Before I Die Project. See a sneak peak here....
Either a basketball player or a jockey, depending on the eye.
Guitars are done! Vocals and production to go and we"ll have our new single up!
I love my struggle... It makes me the MAN I AM!
Aw, haha, I'm sorry! I can send you email updates?! haha
go out and find a girl instead
Mark Zuckerburg Happy B- Day Congrats 2 your Business FaceBook.
so many great times, No Limit we got No Limit. Like smashing my head open at winter camp snowboarding
Btikm on at Target!!!
i love you too Salma! :)
Ha! Lame.
“Lingerie” comes from the French word “linge” or “washables.” The seductive meaning of lingerie didn’t exist until the late 19th century.
Hahah this is true!
#TRAFFICALERT: ODOT crews are washing the Vista Ridge Tunnel right now! Traffic is a mess on WB HWY 26.
We kno why we do it, who kno how to do, so....we do it YKMD
If the Lord delights in a man's way, He makes his steps firm. -Psalm 37:23
New beer menus arrived today. Know what that means? NEW BEERS! Lots of 'em. Watch this space, we'll update as we stock the coolers.
If I do NOT FOLLOW YOU then TWEET ME so I can FOLLOW YOU BACK!! I will be waiting to follow you back! #StayClassy!
Awww feel it. Let me know then broski! I'm tryna get em fist pumping!
Eric Church rocks my socks. ngl. #ACMs :) ~Aria
No I'm not at the game, you'd think both and I are there the way it's going, this is beyond words
People are so weird.
kidspiration is a great tool for this
#Np Harvard- French girls
Appreciate it! Thanks for laughing!!! : You were funny as hell to!
Taking huge steps forward.
I am NOTHING like my family
i'm juss asking
Underground Podcast #2: Benny Blades d. Mister X with the Irish Settler.
>Getting old! MT : a girl was showing me her tongue ring at a party this weekend. had to put on my reading glasses to see it!
Celts take it to the hoop , be aggressive
I've said it b4 n I'll say it again, when it comes to rap is da truth hands down
my friends taking EMT classes too
All of the big three on Miami were in with a minute left and double digit lead... it's playoff basketball.
Thanks! Since I changed my FB friend page to a fan page when I ran out of room, I can't post places.
There's something so beautiful about west Texas that makes it harder for me to leave every time I have to.
My pal says #Irene - OMG the just reported that some houses have lost shingles! More #UselessInfo TOTALLY AGREE
*Correction. I'm not. But Umm, Okay.
dammit, now I want yogurt
new is on blast
This is awesome! thanx
Need to take a trip back to dayton I miss home
We're hosting a TechConnect event today! How exciting!
he is perfect
#Idol I have no clue on who is getting booted tonight. I like Phillip best.
sending my kids to school gonna get my nails done then head to watch you folks in Genoa City
Last bu not least R breed in the booth finishing up
okie dokie and yeah ik it burns I think Ryan tried it once
randall is not that good
I need to stop holding back my emotions. Cause every month there's one day that everything explodes. today is that day. someone hold me. :(
Good morning my friends, I have missed you all so much. I can't wait to get off work so I can twitter! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Tampa St. Pete tweeps; I'll be at Inkwood Books, 216 S Armenia, Tampa, tomorrow. Reading from MAGPIES 6 PM, reception starts 5:30.
thank you sir!
when are u planning on coming back to tx? :-)
all i here in my head this morning is "Why Stay The Same When You Can Get Better Each Day" #upearlytotrain Thanks Pres!!
This working biz is TO stressful!
What's everyone being for Halloween? We need ideas!
They are the guiding oracles which man has found out for himself in that great business of ours, of learning how to be, to do, t
Patiently waitn for b ball season!!!
#InnerFire is a trending topic? Is that some kind of ginger joke?
Aww thanx same to you Ms.Music :)
Woah, I am not like that at all!
I said before if U keep seeing people tweet about & u dont kno who they are i feel bad for u cuz UR missing out on something EPIC
ok Coo Did u see ma New AVI yet?
i liked my jaw dropping!
YKK? YYZ is a great Rush song...
Dear 2010 self: THANK YOU for getting that updated tetanus shot. Love, 2011 self (who just stepped on a rusty nail).
is it at her house?
Watching birthing videos. It's a night of a thousand "That's what she said"s.
Devs: For detecting mobile users and sending to a different URL, is there any benefit to doing User Agents over Screen Resolution?
well still.
Just asked abt voting preferences by a polling agency. I have to read polls all the time for my job. Now I'm one of those polled. Too weird!
You say you know me, but you don't. You say you love me, but you won't. You say you're sorry, but I know you're not.
so if he was with west would he b Hoopin ???.
So impressed that answered all customer service emails herself.
If you want to support long-lasting change in the region, support other NGO's. Hear it straight from founders:...
Looks so much sunnier than NYC!
If he start crying im whoopin his ass
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO AN AMAZING, AUSSIE, ACRESS, BEAUTIFUL PERSON INSIDE AND OUT ALLI SIMPSON:)
yea yea yea.
THanks for the retweet Harry!
Each of us chooses the family into which we are born. If you can understand why you've chosen yours, you are on the path to wisdom.
needs to text me back or call me.(:
I believe you haha
Just received an email from the #Twins saying "Bloomberg projects Mauer with 13 HRs and .306 avg." Am I supposed to be excited about that??
Negotiating around anatomic impediments: Tactile clues, bypass techniques, procedural flow
I plugged my curling iron in. I don't want to curl my hair though..
No Talking Just Fucking
For those in AZ who don't already know: Super Stop Liquors in Mesa has something called on hand. And you're welcome.
leek don't get me started lol ur team is out & u wanna start laker hating
My boredom has intensified my quest to reach 1000 followers before the end of the year. Boredom and vanity; a winning combo.
op I hope you get my card tomorrow!!!!!!!!
Ugh he is annoying & stupid don't wanna be here!!! Tired Of his shit ...
well that was a pretty snoopy move there mister./:
- ChennaiGIP is on twitter as well... - follow & enjoy. Meeting notes are up & there's a poll waiting for your ans.
RT : Playing Smokin' Hot Aces in the Plazzo right now. This place is dope. Expect to see big things come out of this joint.
Congrats! Museum Studies Graduate Minor is lucky!
Off to yoga!! So missed it last week
Happy birthday
#boston WE GOT THAT ONE THING!!!
nice - thanks for the heads up! re: immersive surfaces!
Watsup dude, have you been monitoring our station. We are signing the best in the world.
My hair needs to be out for the Drake Concert
very nice!
Loves working with PR people that are nice & on the ball :) Makes us like the band that much more lol.
Nothing much , Getting over being sick.. Lol.
Thanks for the mention!
“: I yell and scream at video games when I lose.”
the post-mortem was super informative but you'll find we're not that similar. Check us out!
Thanks!! RT : Dont separate people's username on basis of their names sue it goes 2other pple
Tell me where you work and why you love it, please. Also where you live and why you love it. I am looking for new places to look.
I don't remember how to breathe.
Yea right. We're still going to have a better record then the Titans
I do not like Ohio State
Never catch feelings for a bitch an stay heartless..or else
POLL: If you interviewed for a position that you did not get, how would you prefer to receive the news: email, snail mail, or phone call?
Indians and White Sox underway on the Indians Radio Network after an hour rain delay
did you see btr! tell me bout that:D
MedRisk Unveils New Website
it has been a fantastic experience - thanks for joining in the #xeroxdrupa conversations
RT "If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other. ~ Mother Teresa" Let us never forget.
That's deep.
-- Looks good, although I would identify the players and their teams at the top of each one.
I saw clouds the entire time I was selling
Tuna lightly toasted with
Please someone remind me to buy a #MegaMillions ticket before Friday!!! However remote... A chance at $476m is worth a buck!
"If you like somebody then tell them before someone else does." Um, easier said than done.
Who's wants a s/o for my 100 tweets?
we always seem to have a lot of teacups!
Adversity will not be a bad thing for us. It worked last year.
so tired
#Battleship with awful reviews? I am shocked. Shocked.
Surrounded by memories/searching for truth/I trudge on through existence/Just another workday
ATL Ravens: MAJOR ANNOUNCEMENT TOMORROW...keep an eye on this space.
I hope people still remember "and such as" or I have looked like a sorry English professor in numerous conversations & on various websites.
All geared up and ready to go for Future Islands! And by geared up I mean there are FOUR PAs on stage.
Great day for spa services! Add a pedicure to any service for only $30! (usually $75)
Rockin it in da Park"Scottsdale Fashion Square" 2-6pm come holla at me for some free stickers...Peace
R.I.P Etta James, you'll certainly be missed. At last your lonely days are over, you are now with the angels.
If you think education is expensive try ignorance. - Derek Bok
Now why would you be asking to cut his hair? How about lion's mane ? Or messy bun ? #SKC has power hair!
Only 16% of ppl go to actual brand pages on Facebook. Most views are in news feed and ads.
A little more than 4 months until Ariana's album! #KillMe <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB> I know its totally 100% worth the wait tho! #CantWait <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
E-mail account hacked. It's a good thing though. I think everyone should hear more about the AMAZING acai berry!
Relationships take time whether it be business, friendship or romantic. It is all based on the mutual respect for one another.
Well, #Madonna sure knows how to make an exit.
Last tweet for the night!Peace!Always remember Put your hearts up!
.: how can we incentivize researchers such that their interests are aligned with ethical behavior, patient protection?
Harold Melvin & The Blue Notes - If You Don't Know Me By Now (w/ Teddy Pendergrass) - 09:05 PM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
About me i don't care what you think about me I'm me your you ;*
Anyone else notice our winning trend really started to take off when Giavotella came back? #JohnnyGIsFree #Royals :)
wha?? Ha well I'm out of the loop haha, what is it now?
Ahh true true, welcome back my friend. Lol
RT You need to run YOUR RACE! Stop trying to run the race of others!!! // that will preach!!! Blessings man.
Dear wind, It would be greatly appreciated if you can knock out the power at work...I'm over this Monday. Thanks!
I credit for teaching me to put bread in the Tupperware container my cookies are in.
So glad your enjoyed the Vicki Goldberg lecture last night!
Regardless of whether or not they're actually tacos, 2 for $1 is still a good deal
I wish<3 your singing is beautiful baby
Today was a day well spent with the family :)
You think you’ve got a long way to go, you need to look back at how far you’ve come Thank God that you’re not what you used to be
Keeping track of laws broken, by the City of Tucson, is becoming a full time hobby. Just found more violations.
IM WITH THE MONEY TEAM RIGHT NOW! ( VOICE) LMAO
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY!!! TO ALL YOU BEAUTIFUL MOTHERS!!! SQUAD UP #DUB CITY
That sucks.
*Sending you my prayers* hang in there.
Do blind link tweets work for you? E.g., "At last!" w/ a shortened URL. Or, do you immediately delete or unfollow?
VOTE VOTE VOTE VOTE VOTE VOTE! Go do it!
dude! Happy Birthday!
Good Morning everyone today is going to be a good good day!
Grammy voting members receive elitist propaganda sent out on behalf of Neil Portnow regarding revamped financially viable music categories
A bird does not sing because it has an answer. It sings because it has a song.
hey Brad are you in Boston?
we ain't even cool no mo..
I've never seen an NBA team play with less passion and effort than the Utah Jazz are showing tonight.
If we move any more "forward" we will all be making $8 an hour.
Very poorly played.
yeah. you know where that is right?
"Void where prohibited by law" is some pretty terrible advice.
Uecker is in prime form tonight. very impressive.
i swear, im going to go to the bathroom, and his song is going to come on.. #justmyluck .
If. You. Can. Read. This. RT. This
Big day in the world of #sports media RT : It's OFFICIAL. Today VERSUS becomes the NBC Sports Network.
I am doing #wwonline. Yeah, we can be #ww buddies!!
What more do you want me to do?
morning(: and you too!!!(:
everybody up in my room an shit
Off to the movies though, this shall be interesting.
When you truly love somebody, you accept them and their problems. You can't only love the good parts, you gotta love the entire package.
Those aren't just orange. They look like solar-powered construction worker vest shoes.
anything other than free shipping? :)
That's too bad, I was hoping to see a Phoenix vs Florida Stanley cup final.
that is ur jeep?
You lucky dog.
and here I was thinking, new art… sure that will just take 46 secs. Nice time-lapse.
how times have changed... defibrillators? RBVs? When traveling overseas, food and staying active (walking/exploring) helped!
When your commercial features "celebrities" but you have to name them so they're recognized... you probably chose the wrong celebrities.
I think you'll be fine with the age thing... But where will you have all your coffee????
Yeah, I'm here
RT : We love seeing spontaneous networking in #CT2011 sessions! - just not sure why tweets don't appear w/ ct2011 htag
. bringing Halloween early with his keynote. Seen him as Zuckerburg, Jobs, and Beinioff. No Meg Whitman?
Patrick Swayze's first professional gig was as Cinderella’s Prince Charming in Disneyland parades.
I get soon much love on here! You're all fantastic!
nice base running Jeter
Check out Simply Interactive's new website: www.simplyinteractiveinc.com
yea i'm still with it gotta see my boys
Welcome to the D!
Cool, man. Do you write music?
still on for 10:30 tomorrow?
You can listen to our EP for FREE on Spotify. If you don't know what it is. Check it out!
I whole heartedly agree. I get so lost sometimes, and it's good to have someone to ground me bring me back to center.
"Success each day should be judged by the seeds sown, not the harvest reaped." John C. Maxwell
Mine and 's song is on.
We decided that although it would probably be cool if individuals could buy a single pixel each, in practice, it wouldn't so effective.
I KNOW! Can you believe not 1 of my friends has ever told me to watch #glee even though there r DANCING CHEERLEADERS?! WTF?
how r u doing?
diversity slap
This weekend's gift card winners are BARB ANDRES and SYDNEY ANNE HEATH. Congratulations!
Harry Potter!
you better! if not then im gonna not talk to you for a day! hahaha
You're welcome! :)
Lulz. Thanks Mac! Will let you know...
winning every time they mention Charlie on 2 1/2 men
great work!!
Our house has seen 271 years of Virginia hurricanes. Hoping #Irene doesn't make the top 10.
Social media and Internet video are about to collide in a big way.
Hi Randall! Check ur DM I sent you a few messages about a radio interview with Hope you can make it. xoxo
Too hot for afternoon hill runs! I find is better for an easy gym workout.
It's Friday. Hello, party dress. Yes, I've missed you too.
tell me why i should stay in this relationship when i'm hurtinq baby, i aint happy baby.
Holiday food drive going on at Southridge Apartments so stop by and drop off a non-perishable item any thing is greatly appreciated
We offer free 1 hour diagnostic test, why let that check engine, service engine soon, or any other warning light go unchecked.719 550-8282
well thats for u!!! and plus ur a guy ICONiac so its easier
In moments like these,I sing out a song.
Excuse me! She didnt beat nothin!lol I have those same boots but with a black trim not pink! Come on now Javi--SMH No faith!LOL
We're back up in running. The enemy wont stop us!
A big welcome to our new team member , another good follow in the celeb/brand space
Surprised with windows shut and pouring rain, I clearly hear my neighbor sing her lovely rendition of My Humps. Time to blast some tunes.
Mommy-why can't we live in a playhouse like Miss. Holly?I love that he thinks I live at my speech clinic and that it is the best house ever!
Reading the tweets as I cut wood. Life is good! 0-0 here we go
1/2" cubes are the standard.
super happy for you :) please follow
Does anyone actually like paper.li? It's automatically generated, right? Just feels like spam to me.
Writing does not have to equate punishment. Love and believe in the process.
I'm about to watch a movie about French pastry chefs. How awesome is my life?
Emelyshopping Buy Cheap G7 Grout Max - Grout Removal Tool - grout removal tool
Thank you :-) Happy Friday to you all as well.
oh haha Well I'm pooped. Night :)
Today is the winter solstice, the longest night of the year. Which means that every day after this, just gets brighter and brighter.
Having now covered all relevant snarky memes, we try to get some actual work done. Stupid Twitter.
ohh forsure :) next time we both have a 6am and its nice we'll go to the beach :)
Just watched someone dial a pay phone while reading from their cell phone. Hmm...
All bst 2 u JD FREE E-BOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
Im Bored LOL
Wish I were there! Hope you guys had a good night
RT : RIGHT! Make your fan page about you (you just happen to endorse a product) TREH
to the stupid lady in my dream who got bit by the dog trying to save me.... LOL! ...then she bent the dog in half spilling its guts! #DAMN!!
life goes on by tupac is better tho
time to lintigate!
God Please protect and encourage everyone in Haiti. guide them with your spirit and give them strenth to build a brighter tomorrow. Amen!
Louis Ass Thing...LOLOLOL :)
Agreed! RT Could colton be a bigger asshole? I doubt it.
Derby is looking like mid 80's with a chance of the 90's? Heat index in mid 90's? Guess it'll be flip flops and shorts for Derby.
I guarantee half the "sluts" that y'all talk about aren't even sluts, you just hate that they get more attention than you from guys.
thanks for the RT!
Imma KILL dis bitch! She on my HIT-LIST!
by yourself? Rock it!
John Boy came into my office, plugged in his phone and make a fuss about dry shampoo.
I love you.
Yesterday I was super happy and today I just want to jump off a cliff.
i wrote you a song i try not to sing, it opens a door i have trouble closing
if Rodgers wins another, it'll be him
Everyone has the power of voice, new rules rewritten daily
Thank you Southern States for the free numbers. We have close to 80 players signed up for the fall program. Tomorrow is our first day!
"Bestfriends" has 11 letters....but then again, so does "Backstabber".
Glad I'm Feelin' Better Thoo .
RT IF YOU KNOW HOW TO READ!
Headed to coopers tavern to watch MUFC vs Arsenal. spending a Sunday AM watching a great EPL match doesnt get much better
I got a meeting already scheduled for today, dm me your number though we can talk more
Not fair to tease we WI peeps like that Cog! lol
yeah i assisted the second and third classes :)
I believe its at 1:30 if you wanna call Schnurr? Haha
Heck yes! What about you!?!
Too sweet! Thank you!! :D "just checked out ur blog! You look like such an awesome person! Congrats on being in "
Thanks for the follow ! I think i was just you 10 thousandth follower.
wowwhy not that's your first language pansona puta
I love my mom and always will ;)
But Girls are Stupid.
it's only twitter, followers don't validate a person..
#Chile Maternal mortality rate lowest in South America after passing laws that protect both mother and unborn child.
What is your favorite afternoon snack?
You have to now a days, that's how rumors get started :( #DrPhil #NationalEnquirer RT : Thanks for clarifying that! L
I think we learned that the Cubs suck but CM Punk doesn't
I hope so.
how was dinner? Whats the plan for Memorial Weekend for you?
Why can't i be pretty like ?!?!
HOPE YOU HAD THE BEST DAY TOO!
Tell your friends to #FF us --
thank u that means alot. I got alot of luv 4 Michael. He's inspired me since I was a kid. I had to share that love. <3
good call. We agree they need to tour again soon!
You will never reach your full potential until you have the courage to operate in your passion. What is that makes you complete joy?
I learned a while ago in the car business that the following is relevant to auditions: Every "NO" gets you one step closer to that "YES".
Just woke up from a dream in which I kept using finna. Apparently I'm a lot cooler in my dreams.
But then whipping! “: . describing the 'XML' view of the world. …'tho' in practice lots of invalid XML!) #bibnext”
Cup cooler/heater
AW yayyyy :) hahaha I miss frontier so much! Appreciate it while you're there!
Same! Happy Friday! RT : TGIF!! Completely wiped from a super eventful week.
I can see this goin 2 b a long ass day... as u get older u cant always b around ur mom on mothers day
Christopher Schafer Clothier is on the ballot for the Baltimore Magazine Best of Baltimore Readers' Poll in the men's clothing category.
Purely day. Huff said
S/O to the new followers. We appreciate ya
Playin Slabtown in Portland Oregon. 1033 NW 16th Ave., Portland, OR. Shows 21+ so if your an old person come party!
we have someone that maybe selling floor seats - contact us if interested
Give us some odds. What's most likely: a game cancelled before 7:05, a delayed start, or a long night of delays?
Enjoy your day! Xoxo
Ok, I cleaned everything that can be cleaned! DON'T MESS IT UP.
If they weren't also advertising loans and enhancement drugs I would consider not blocking them: they're like an _ebooks account but better?
Austin, I think you should cover Tonight, Tonight by , you'd be amazing at it! #HatersGonnaHateMahomiesGonnaLove<U+2665>
UPDATE 2-JPMorgan's Dimon loses clout as reform critic
Thanks for the Iphone update Itunes. My phone is now useless and I'm SOL..... Not sure who to blame but it was working fine before. PISSED!
are you coming to lower Manhattan? The local 6 to Harlem is too far away.
Omfg what nicolejust told me bout !>>> :D! I seriously started crying at the store(x
SURPRISE! Got on the line from ! They're PUMPED for the #SummerBlockParty! Full interview coming to today
flash back to the old AFL playoffs tonight.
Leaving DTD. Still no Mad Hatter posted online. Some exclusive.
: how about letting your fans text to pay orders on their phone?
Left over pizza
Longmont Plane crashes: 2 planes down. One crashed behind public works building. the other near County Line Rd and Great Western.
#followfriday Check out our friends:
I'm feisty today....like I haven't been in a long time. I must be almost completely back now. Laaawd help y'all!
Mexican bread with hot chocolate!(:
Straight up now tell me, are you really gonna eat that beef n' cheddar?
Notice there's only three men here. How many women do you think there are? About 100?
Following us pleassssssssssssssssseeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee you are so crazy hahah love you
hope the weather isn't bad by you & you guys are covered & safe!
Learning more any healthcare payments at
With and readyy to watch #TheVow ;))
I dont give a blow job because the word job makes it sound like its strenuous physical labor. Instead, I give mouth hugs.
That's a problem within itself. Being such a widely known figure and having a mess of a Twitter account is a big problem.
Happy for jb. Cuz he has a really deep voice. It's about friken time no offense. He always was a good singer.
Gonna see him later >
Makes the most of time, but stresses use of intranet page and telephone frequently.
yes mam! March 3rd at Murray Hill!
Should be interesting! RT : We're off to the Opening Party. Who's excited to see a "vertical fashion show?" We are!
which piece are you looking for? Let us know and we can definitely check for you!
Terra or GW2?!
why is your picture an egg?
oh hey random follow sup
Meeting w/ today to go over details of our new website-so excited to launch soon!
***ATTENTION*** I need everyone to follow she only needs 144 more followers until 59,000 she follows back
have your friends check us out by tagging up our page, we should be dropping a new demo soon.
look at my last tweet brotha
I miss you too!!
Oh hey! :D Nice meeting you too! It was awesome hanging with you. And thanks for putting up with our weirdness. Haha.
I think you're incredibly amazing and I cannot wait to see you in June!
We did a fundraiser night at the Westchester store and had a great turnout. The plan is to do another at Busy St. in Jan.
New recipes test: green tea roulé with fresh home made azuki bean paste. Will post the base recipes links I used + pics if successful
for serious! Can't watch that show w/ out a scotch in hand!
me too. Loving they're for the city center.
Bubba just out-Philed Phil. All hail the new pull it out of your arse champ!
dear ru, will be devastated if Sharon Needles doesnt win :'(
Looking for my favorite color. Cannot decide between purple and beige.
I'm out of ibeprofen and I have the biggest headache #notgood <U+E058>
'What nationality are you? Cuz if you're Irish my dad isn't driving you anywhere.' haha
thats not relevant to the chicken/steak debate :P
Off-campus access is back! Thanks for being patient with us.
Flashdance? Not getting the lyric though.
Been a long day. Good day, but long. Off to the gym! BOOM.
we need your help spreading the word about UNDAWAREness PINK PANTIES FOR BREAST CANCER RESEARCH. tweet about us ~ tell your friends
Hey, sis! Can I call u this early? I gotta tell u stuff. :)
You can't let Rodgers get sacked or hit this much & try to win Offense just has to start the game better and keep it going.
Monday Monday Monday. Gotta get down on Monday the 30th!
just a joke
are u excited for playlist live??!
More work for us devs to prepare higher res assets though!
I like John Travolta in the movie Broken Arrow.
Thanks for RTing! How's it going?
Many of yhu guys had loved my last twiticon but im changing it.
My wifey and I are having movie night :) I love her.
Does McDonald's have chocolate chip cookies?
lol it's covered up with a poster!! Haha no one can see it
Thank you so much for all your support!
OMG thx for the follow :D
Indian summer in san clemente foreal
Another road loss for Brady Hoke and Boo-Hoo :)
Closer look at #pdxmayor 's race with of on at 7pm
#ConfessionNight I forgive people simply because i still want them in my life.
Oh the irony!
Ugh, waking up for work seems harder today. It should be a holiday since the packers did so well yesterday
We'll probably go to the Old German Beer hall beforehand if you want to buy me a drink?
okay. Well I'm here whenever you need me(:
“: Vegas has been booked. End of May into June.. Let the good times roll.. ” about time!
I wouldn't underestimate the value of your background. Let me know a good time to connect.
I hope to god he loses.
WARNING- The YouTube channel taemmojang is stealing passwords with a phishing site. Please inform people!
u should do a cover of E.T. by Katy Perry or Just A Dream by Nelly :D
Amazon one click checkout screwed me and sent my package a way old address...now how the heck am I going to get my blender??
Mean Girls! <3
just promise when the sun merges with the night, your love for me won't fade just as quick as all the light.
Kiss my ass & my anus, cause its finally famous
Any other early arrivals for #SPARC2012? I just checked in and am headed downstairs for a drink and some dinner, if anyone wants to join :)
RT wondering if you could RT our plea to save our school in south philly (Olmc & Sacred Heart) @
Hi Avish! Great blog post, hope you are doing well!
what up Junnie I see that you are on twitter. I went to your store. Adulttoyz4cheap.com. Wow check out this site
I'm sure the kid is cute normally. But this picture... yikes! (Don't worry twitter friends, it's not one of your kids.)
Has anybody ever noticed how similar Robert Downey Jr. and Jeffrey Dean Morgan look? Like seriously
Yes, maybe next time! Sorry to hear it was unavailable!
Just a few more days until and I play Hillcrest. Come out and support!
Latin Perspective is looking for sponsors for their Latin Jazz radio show and web site www.latinperspective.net
hey i need a friend to talk to im sad today
me to girl, S.I.T.
#OMTL I Want To See Abduction! It Looks Awesome.!
not a text but, goodnight! Lol
Why aren't you at our place watching the Eagles!
If you need a last minute Christmas gift....look for the Casting Crowns Christmas album. Amazing!
If you're like me, and couldn't make it to the Eyeo Festival, you can follow it with this hashtag:
Thanks for the #FF last week! You are awesome Meghan!
what a day and it aint over yet...fml
Girl time! Pedicures and Starbucks, does it get any better than that?
Whaddup Aaron, how you been man.
dudes got a CANNON!
follow my new account
That's my jam. I love that song.
Self confidence in street photography is an attribute born(e) of success & practice & self delusion Lose any one of these & you are adrift
What smells like tanning oil? Spring break is teasing me...
Dawes: our moral obligation in human rights movements to bear witness to atrocity
What did you all think of the #RyanBraun press conference today?
I know he messed up, but I'll let a #Real man make it right...
Thank you. The #Avengers have a great history. Always a pleasure discussing the books.
please tell ur son I think he's awesome and I love his drawing :-)
I hate the airport. <U+2708><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
The closer to your dream you get -- the more obstacles test your endurance. True are signs that u are about to arrive at your destiny.
I just caught my cat going in on my burrito -_____-
Heading to our first #Brewers game of the season with my Uncle. Go Crew!
#ThingsThatILoveInLife my true best friends<3
you own the internet!!!! get on it dork
Hi Everyone! We are having a 2 for $30 sale the next few weeks. Free shipping. Email me at , I'll email you paypal info.
uncoordinated fingers. I tried to delete it. Guess I'm slow AND uncoordinated. Did you get my second artempt.
I am, and I do! Worlds colliding!
no prob man if I get the time this summer I'll come lift with u guys !
Man with dyslexia prematurely makes a scene an quits his job cause he thinks he one the lotto lol
So was that okay with everyone?
#chocolate for breakfast it is! M&Ms = good writing
Life's funny just don't want it laughing at you
Those types of formats are not engaging, yet TED Talks prefer that format. I don't want to encourage such things.
Sad. We have out time after the game. “ im leaving with youre coming. bummer. have fun!”
First full day of the Dallas International Film Festival! What are you seeing?
Have a great weekend, Everybody! We'll be back on Monday.
With the #adorable on our way to amanda #cyd for #campcourage good luck to for tomorrows cyd boxing4boxer
Hmm, one good thing that happened to me today. Me and my best friend are talking again (:
I sent that to because Glenn has been talking about lemonade stands for a week or so.
On the War on Drugs "the people who are winning are the people who are sustaining the marijuana culture" -DEA Agent
Dont you be holding back your
where have you been?!
and join us for Episode 11 of the podcast.
New poll active on STG: Which team drafts Kuechly on Thursday? All are invited to vote
In the time I've spent messing with Drupal, I could have written the entire site I want in html 2.0.
How ironic, I purchase premium support and I must confirm via email they send..and they haven't sent the email.
When will we be able to implant twitter into our heads.
Hey whats up buddy? Check me out on FB under Joey Dimaonds Fashion and under Jack JoeyDiamonds Standokes
Coming to freeland's derby party Saturday?
Twitter fights between couples >>> <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA>
Today's challenging sourcing work: Supply Chain upper management out of automotive or industrial industries/Midwest. Know anyone?
I'm at Nickleby's Lounge tonight (1947 W. Market - behind CVS) in #Akron!
hey sorry was out with the fam :)
I'm with an SPCA in NC, trying to help 4 young black polydactyl cats in a rural SC shelter. Any ideas or contacts down here?
SO MANY OLD SONGS ARE GOING ON PANDORA RIGHT NOW OHMYYYGODDDD
Nope not kidding. :)
One more test
I was down at the Crossroads district for First Friday. Pretty sweet! I'm at Harrahs now..just won 80 bucks. Ah yeah!
YAY! But where da hell were you
"even if the moon fell down tonite, thered be nothing to worry about at all because you make the whole world shine"
Attention Library Managers in the NYC area! A large law firm is recruiting for an experienced Manager for their library! This position …
": < Playa all we know!" That's what's up! What's good?
God morning all!! Hope everyone had a great weekend and are ready to tackle the day with determination and vigor! Play.Develop.Succeed.
won't be making it out tonight #Herm status this week
seriously thinking about it, but I don't think it'd get a big enough following to make it worth doing
RT : I'm not saying is easy! Just that he squeals like a little girl when talking about ACDC. AHAHA!
I ment for is to talk
That's a good look for your little man! Good parenting!
PleasePleasePlease follow me!
You can come back to the office at 1:30. Margie is at lunch.
You are welcome. Merry Christmas and Happy New Year. Let me know how Mental Management can help you reach your 2012 goals!
Really interesting...thanks for sharing!
April 22 Real Housewives of New Jersey!!!
YUM. Ihop! : Is there such thing as a Pancake Party? We'd like that to be a thing.
"You're not a woman until people come out of your vagina and stomp on your dreams."
nothing beats that part!
We can let circumstances rule us, or we can take charge and rule our lives from within.
"Our capacity for feeling is in itself an insatiable and bottomless abyss" yup. That basically sums shit up right there.
I couldn't find "damn it, stop killing innocent people you fuckwads" anywhere in 's SPD report. Too bad, we kinda need that.
I'm a new fan and I love your music
Love Ford's simple policy } RT : Agree 100%. Got examples of best policies? RT :
Thank you #ITEC11 attendees! Hope you got to see some cool #smartboard & #SAFARIMontage solutions!
I am on the second book and am hooked. Guilty pleasure reading. High on pleasure, low on guilt.
~Brian Tracy One can choose to go back toward safety or forwardtoward growth
m,good pick. #Everythingtastesbettercamping - Hey, did your puppet lose weight with you? Or maybe you just took your hand out.
#092092 I <U+2665> Your icon,username, & whole twitter account :{)
Just confimed at Gramercy: Bad Sushi - "The Tri state area's #1 Phish cover band!"
Making a pizza with mom>>>>>
Happy Valentines Day!
Thanks for the response! :) Do you think international travel offers a richer experience, though?
“Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance you must keep moving” ~Albert Einstein
Don't find love, let love find you. That's why it's called falling in love, because you don't force yourself to fall, you just fall.
TY my friend. Happy Weekend to you :)
Yes it is.
NO, you're awesome lol how you been man?
who wants to eat anything with an APE in it !?(<U+FF65>_<U+FF65>;?
they only see what I show
The awkward moment when you tend to question your boyfriend's sanity.
I am also loving the new Google Drive.
It's never paid to bet against America. We come through things, but its not always a smooth ride-Warren Buffett Happy 4th everyone!
And tweeter extraordinaire is your reporter on the scene from Barrett's victory party.
The BASH is COMING!
As a fan of the Green Lantern comics, I sadly have to say by the looks of trailers, it's guilty until proven innocent -JR
"The secret of success is learning how to use pain and pleasure." - Pain and Pleasure are my biatch.
Totally geeking out at a Maryland event in NYC celebrating their Alternative Breaks program. #studentaffairs at our best
"The wind is blowing. We are hearing things." #SignMario segue or rant of a crazy person?
#ReplaceBandNamesWithWilly Willy and the Family Stone
fly the kid in!
Haha. Nice touch.
PS - says great things because I let him talk as much as he wants.
last day in miami :'( going to the mall :)
Huge thank you to AND for #TNi and my cookies. YUM!
Turns out our apartment vacancy is going to be for December 1. I'll repost the ad after Nov 1, but if you're looking, let me know!
Someone please help me to get this boredom out
if you are at #RecruitDC today, come find me :) I'm sitting on the ledge all the way in the back of the main room
HELL YEAH.
Cooking lunch :) who knew !!
Country music artist performs for Galesburg unit soldiers in Kuwait - Galesburg Register-Mail
Catch the main man on Sirius NFL Radio's Opening Drive with 7am - 11am tomorrow (Wed) morning.
Good morning, have a nice day<3
But I'm seeing tonight in Berkeley & uber excited! Also, dinner at Angeline's Louisiana Kitchen beforehand.
Mike you need to have the club in the background not the beach w/that pose.
I got a new job as a interior designer
I hate when I send a long message and the person only replies to that one unimortant part.
Appearance is not only swagger. Personality is.......<3
20 teary teenage hockey players with playoff fauxhawks is a poignant sight indeed.
If your book's been overlooked again then it's the former. RT Is it poo-litzer or pew-litzer?
The boyz, Tyler Posey, and Ian all on the same episode. BEST EPISODE EVER
At you still rockin FUBU jerseys??
cause the good Lord blessed ya ..
Your honestly foul.
bike scene is awesome here... much bike-friendlier than Dallas. I ride to work a lot, even when the weather's a bit sketchy
you didnt need to befriend me to know im a bad mother watch yo mouth..!! pro pic say's it all lmao
I want a holistic paradigm of library science. And a cup of coffee. Afternoon break, FTW!
Why do I love lascala so much
Well... unless Austin fell asleep on him or something xD
Will you be tweeting #ahcj12 this weekend?
RT : If you want a SOLO PROMO to my 62,500+ followers, simply *RE-TWEET this tweet. (Easy 35+
look forward to reading. Wonder what the history of slave walking in the US would look like?
you're as cold as ice <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094>
BTW, the eating alone reference is a reminder of the book I gave you during our first meeting in ur ATL office!
Feels fantastic to finally lay in bed.
all who ordered Girl Scout cookies through me, your cookies have arrived & are in my possession. Your cookies are in danger.
.: must ask, "privacy" for patients or researchers? "stage IV cancer patients aren't so interested in privacy anymore."
#UPCFallConcert HEY LUPE AND GIRL TALK!! :) SHOUT OUT TO WARNER PATTERSON!! :) EAR EAGLE!!! :) ;)
I first visited Soul Train in 1995 with the 69 Boyz and tried to teach Don Cornelius how to Tootsie Roll! RIP Don C.
Last minute wrapping, all ready for Christmas Eve to begin, but for now, I will sleep!
Understanding is the heart of harmony. - J. T. Pugh in For Preachers Only
Pfffff #Bulls givin it to #Kings ...
The worst way to handle a tasting event.
Could you please explain this whole moving thing to us?
Put a slightly earlier than expected end to Holiday Rawfast - friends trump silly Will self-challenges. Harder than the first
hahahah!!! Pump it up!
you couldn't think of anything else like a mountain or a tree?!
oh alright. Used play AAU against dog. They team used to talk the most ISH!
Bitches smilin at you, it must be happy hour!!!
We have over 200 people online already before 10 am Eastern! Take advantage of networking in the lounge & here on the Twitter feed.
Summer is here, & I don't like it!
Heading to Overland Park, KS this week. Should be interesting to look at another real estate market. Interesting to travel with my Mom, too.
Hi there, think it might be Wendy. I'm in the US next week. Enjoy!!
On Music Monday's GHAFPM is featuring the Caxixi Instrument. Caxixi (pronounced Ka-shee-shee) is a musical instrument of ancient African...
When I let it bada boom thats bada bang pussy nigga Meek rapping like Flamers on that
I don't spoil these niggas
Words of wisdom #6: Handle every stressful situation like a dog. If you can't eat it or play with it...just pee on it and walk away.
QUESTION; when you get VIP do you have to pick it up at the box office or do try send it to you? Please help!
Uh... why? Why were we not following each other?
Is it just me or is the name ijever starting to sound weird? :S
If Its Real Love Then Let Me Know....R.I.P>
are you at their concert??
Don't have a marketing plan for next year? Now would be a good time to develop one. It just so happens, we know how!
& selling kisses at the merch booth! $25 a pop. Each.
project planning-clear expectations-determining motivations of all parties-all key to collaborative success
Damn I don't want to go to school tomorrow, oh wait... I'm in New York
There seems to be a typo...it shows Spurs scored an away goal in Premier league play??? That can't be right can it??
Cotto needs a really strong finish if he's going to win this.
Interest in word press session - "avoiding breaking themes when tinkering."
I've been waiting all day for you to call my baby
Day 4 went so cool and I gots a big test Monday and I'll have all day tonight. Tomorrow, sat and Sunday to study so Shantey I stay!!! :)
WILL YOU PLEASE FOLLOW ME IT WOULD MEAN THE WORLD TO ME [: I LOVE YOU SO MUCH!! & MY FRIEND :] THANKS AUSTIN! XOXO
Happy Thanksgiving Antonio.....
Oh it's going -- It's great :)haha MISS YOU GUYS!
I hope everyone has a good day I'm going to bed...
'Street' cred?!? Who am I pimpin' now?!?
A contagious passion with #kyste2012 Making learning fun for teachers and students! We all need to live this!
Today sucked...
Oh, I love daiquiris. I'm so thirsty all of a sudden, lol
Whats happening Bmore? Hopefully, you are on your way down to the Baltimore Burger Bar for some DELICIOUS burgers, made by an awesome chef!
what why? I hate her.. she really is a ginger without a soul.
I remember that book! Totally for the name of it ):
#SportingKC #USMNT Great win guys. Way to look good in a Sporting and USA Kit!
That moment when you realize you want, but don't need someone.
OLA Sis! Haven't seen you on in here in a loooonnnnggggg time! LOL!
Like our swanky new FB page? we do!
Malcolm in the middle - Ottawa Citizen
oh how do u get it and after i read it ill tell ya delete it
#fridayreads Various wiki pages for , while sneaking in a few pages of Neal Stephenson's #Reamde here and there.
im juss saying so do girls, i see girls talk all the time about how they love their bfs after like a week of dating
#ThingsMyExsaid Someday You'll Be My Husband! Yeah Right! .i.
Why do I even have this girls number in my phone...
They be going at it.
RT : Summit on Preventing Youth Violence. If students aren't safe, everything we ask of them won't be relevant to their lives.
Half an hour left to stop by booth 923 and discover the benefits of joining the Friends of the USC Libraries!
snow is a bummer. I remember those long MKE winters. No snow in MCO.
Did we mention, NY State Sen. Eric Adams plans to stop by our party to HELP THE CARRIAGE HORSES? Mon April 23, 6-9 pm, Traffic Bar East NYC
If it doesn't fit, its perfect. Goodwill.
I have it in my back yard . She's been out here since 9:30 .
LUCKeSHOPPER! Join our team!
Work is so boring
I hope you don't use them.
Stop what you are doing right now and write about something positive or think about something positive in your life
Happy Birthday to the Marines! johnmurray Thank you for your service!
We are all out enjoying the day while you guys sleep. You've missed a great day. We meet the team and your wife has your phone
Hello Interfolio users. We are having a company meeting tomorrow from 3:30-5:00pm ET and our phones will be off-get your questions in early!
and I can't go one conversation without talking about :)
So my dad has a northface and my little brother but not me
Only if people would just stay in their own lane.
I just ran into a Pi Phi from Arkansas at the gym!
lived meeting you today Would love to get together and gain your insight on life, ministry, and everything else.
It was an okay birtbday. Not the best but not the worst.
Hey, Karolina! :D
RT : We’ve a Teddy Bear to make things feel better. Teddy Pendergrass is the featured artist on today’s
The site is currently seeking its Rock Star CTO! Anyone interested in getting involved--email
Im just havin fun wit em y not..get feature before The price go up...ijs
Done with this semester at 7:30 pm. it cannot come fast enough.
Man I can't believe Josh Hamilton drank some alcohol. Hey whatever happened to the hundreds of athletes who took actual steroids?
Owly Graphic Novels THE WAY HOME & THE BITTERSWEET SUMMER and FLYING LESSONS by Andy Runton - very loveable!
ok. Im bored at my dads hse. He isnt even home bro
pink #TarHeel beer cozy? Really?
Thanks so much for the RT! Saving my pennies for your next workshop.
You acted like the only reason you didn't order food was that you hadn't yet arrived at the restaurant.
what's up??
I Keep waking up thinking I'm late ... Only 30 min has passed
bet that! Make it like 8 if that's cool. Gotta DJ at
"can you guard <okc>?" Kobe: (sarcastically) "NO..." ... But seriously, you can't.
let's get this win Lakers! Metta play with a leveled head
Beer Rep or Baby Sitter? Still trying to figure that one out. Are Bar Owners Lazy or just plain stupid? No need to answer the 2nd question.
makes me think of Duran Duran
Thank you
Apparently, the world's second sexiest ginger, Prince Harry, is in DC tomorrow. will swoon.
I can hear the snowmobiles echoing from the lake, wish i had one today
when my dad played!!
Saw a spider on muh ceiling when I woke up today. #IRanFaMyLife!
The art word as we end 2010: ambiguity The "gap" is related, & I hear it a lot too.
I have no idea what Instagram is. I feel old
Have I mentioned that I absolutely love the rain in Los Angeles?
Can't complain one bit! God is still on the throne!!!! How about you? Am I shooting your wedding soon? :) :)
He loves me
Any Stephen Jerzak fans out there? We have TWO signed copies of his new CD to give away to you! Details coming soon!
what kind of animales do You like?5
Staying up late to watch your arch rival? No way. UK fans don't give a F about a 10pm UL game RT
you must!
are you alright? xx
What up?
How to play original Xbox games on Xbox 360 arcade ? ...counter strike game disc on the original Xbox, is there any way to play it on...
I need to start tweeting again, I am loosing my followers.
We're all set up and have the grill going. Come on out and get some food before takes on OCSC
I'm deff not confident in that one.
Think about it.
brian lincoln who r you
I missed you! I'll see you on Wed too! ": great seeing u in class! I missed ur energy! X0"
I swear...I cant get a damn signal
all i have to say is y'ouch.
Thanks for waiting patiently. New secret bonus b-side remix being sent out later today via mailing list. Wanna hear it? Drop me your email!
• Crocheted mustaches???? AWESOME. Can you tweet a picture?
Hi Hollie and Jane! How's our fav Canadian store!?
Playing in Tuscaloosa this weekend... Friday at Copper Top and Saturday at Innisfree!! 10p !!! Come out!
I used it for keeping track of citations, and we set up an account here to organize links to state materials, etc
Hope everyone is staying safe on the east coast. Thinking about you!
My Rangers are beating the Red Sox. This is a glorious night.
Why do I compose such great melodies, phrases, & progressions in my head at the most inoportune times?
you're saying your cd collection is in crappy streamed quality, too?
Nothing is more comforting than coming home after a long day and putting on sweatpants.
YAYAYAYA what happened?
I'm always dressing as if the weather inside my house matches outside. Inevitably, I'm pulling off my sweater when I walk outside.
Waiting to see #BrianCobb rock the ring on
some people just can't handle the truth.
I swear someone is stealing money from me
Boo for suburbs of metropolitan areas. If the house sells, I need to either find roommates or GTFO of this area lol
soon duh, im grounded to
hey i saw that NavArts is looking for Drupal developer(s). Can I be helpful?
We love our fans!
It's my half birthday today. I'd like to stay 26.5 forever, please.
Nothing more American than Barbeque for 4th of July! Come on in for some great specials!
Dammn, gotta shower
Follow back?
Tonight's beer/movie combo: Dogma from & Kevin Smith's Red State. Why Dogma? Part nod to Smith and part selfishly forced pairing.
will you play to "finish" it, or will you play as a loot collector?
aiight pa I won't be
Stunna!! LOL #MuchLove fam!! Hope everything has been good w/ y'all!!
Reading those crazy stats last night caused me to rush a program this summer intead of doing it next summer. Yall will hear about it next wk
Nun. i been callin to c what was up for today. You still up fr Prom?
had fun tonight thanks @ cleetheceo
so disappointed my shades broke.. :(:(
I'm so drunk I can speak fluent Ozzy Osbourne
we'll have the low turquoise/purple within the next few weeks
#sexualcultures Firestone predicted separating reproduction from female body would end the tyranny of the bio family. Has it?
haha no dude, I could never rip on anyone who went to UT!
My lawyer worked for Johnny Cochran. You are screwed!
yea it would, that'd be a fun day.
All great endavors start with a dream & blossom with a plan...Think about it!
is there an accident or something south of the weigh station? Hov merge is way backed up
"Candy = Plague. You don't want the plague do you?"- Mr. Mucha. Lmfao
Holy crap! Can I please have some of that vocal surgery?
US, German Automakers Push EV Charging Nissan Bypasses - BusinessWeek
Minnesota has so much love for museums. My home state should take a lesson!
Hey Detrel will pray.
She bought me a bracelet..awl
RT : At work and This man just asked me can he be my sugar daddy??? Boy I tell you ??????< me & need a dozen
someone forgot to tweet me.. tsk,tsk.
originally, but living in LA now
Cotto putting pressure!!!!!!!
Ah yes, got jury duty delayed for another two months!
#Capitals score they lead 2-1
#Burnsville School Board weighs budget cuts including teacher positions and athletic costs.
I stand corrected. It's just a REALLY flattering angle. :)
better than pajama jeans, I suppose.
Who wants to feed me??
Have a great day! Celebrate!
All Sports Day Tomorrow For School (; and Im In Team Red! :D Lmao ; Favorite Color (;
sorry didn't see your tweet the other day, my bday was on the 30th
A3 Insanity: Doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results ~Albert Einstein --So appropriate RE treadmills
no, it was 2 adjacent 16ths. I must have erased and re drawn it 8 times ....
here's my number, 513-939-7151 be a grown up & text me.
So funny!
thats awesome. So do you any ruby on rails?
does anyone know the number to call into ?
Heatwave in New York is the third character in our shoot. Must think of way to make a change to an indoor location!
www.YouthNation4Christ.com .... "It is ALWAYS about THE BLOOD..."
SPRAWL! That's the way I'd do it. :)
: what a great first experience! Natalie Dessay was the first big time singer to steal my heart.
Have you been following our tweets this last week? A lot of great training resources like openers, energizers, small group ideas...
Oh yes a total mix, loons, bots, amazing.
Sunny Day Real Estate @ the Fillmore tonight!!!
#thingsthatreallymatter college,gettin coin, me and my Boo, God, and a couple of friends
Does Tyrell think this will be the year Northwestern wins a bowl game?
I can't wait for my peoples to get drunk and drop food on Thanksgiving!!!!
I bet all the the so called analysts will be eating their words when oil prices go back down after summer
Hide and Seek so much fun...
Just looking at the box score and am mildly amused the opposing pitcher was the one to get the hit against Matt Cain. Ah those pitcher hits!
bang bang skeet skeet
We have a fire truck, police car, game truck, jumpers, cows,food at Costa Mesa Downtown Recreation Center
working mothers day? haha gotta love pick n save
thank you
there's one next to sister's place on Nostrand and Jefferson (BK)- "The African People's Farmers Market"
Well done! RT Explain a Jazzercise class in 140 characters or less.
the bed you never let me make. Lol (:
Had to skip the acro jam tonight. The rain was really bad. Oh well, maybe next week.
where he you bee!
I know how you feel Bill. It's a whole new bag.
Yo! JWITZ!! Y U NO COME TO ZEE WEST COAST?
Nice to meet you as well! Too bad the #Badgers didn't pull out a win. Maybe I'll see you at the next #SMBMad!
wats up world yo boy is back get at me
did some guy texts u last nite around 4 something
thank YOU was telling me yesterday how much they liked it.
Thank U Sallie! Good #HelloMornings &may U'all have Blessings of Enduring Love. LuvU :)
#SongsYouHaveToDanceTo "Rio" by
this isn't the offical twitter for singer/rapper drake is it?
stop in anytime!
this illustrates: (her.name == "Rio") && (her.understand_need == FALSE)
haha, know the feeling! :D there are some lesser known pages w/good tips on songs we don't have tho. Love those ;)
I so adore you.
Rather Disapointed with the announcement of Baldurs gate Enhanced edition. was hoping for a new entry in the franchise.
these sims have turned you into a celebrity
Why lie? Just because you have nice trophies and awards doesn't make u a good relationship person #KickRocks - XavierLT.com
Reports from the club is that The Allure of the Automobile show at Portland Art Museum is very worth checking out.
HA! It wasn't in my office. It was in a box of mags @ my storage space. U will b happy 2 know I through them all out except these
you've. got. that. one. thing.
Alright, the morning blogging has official ended. I have to get on my job. Pictures and video of the show will be posted soon.
New topic - Quick question, IS v ISO
People in relationship change and forget to tell each other!
#FF my sister She's Coo, Loyal, And Tap dances
Just finished Liz Moore's Heft - story abt lonely people, surprisingly not depressing. Think it'll be on lots of Best of 2012 lists.
Thieves Like Us- Drugs In My Body.
How is TCHHD different? We offer just 1 deal/week in a limited quantity. Once that deal is sold out, you must wait until the following week!
I been said I was black! And u were like nawwww remember I said y'all ppl raped ours then we have interracial marriages
It's starting to get cold enough to hang meat in the studio. Oh, wait! -- <insert joke>
M Friday! I've been waiting for you! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Happy Mother's Day Moms and Happy Mr. Moms Day to all single custodial Dads!!!!!
Bloggers at the bottom of the trust graph? Interesting. from Nielsen report and
bonnalog not your 60s festival huge rvs catwered dinner nba finals on large screen
Find peace in the morning rush and you will have a good day :)
JASON ALDEAN FTW.
OMG look at those curls, PRECIOUS!!!!! XD
I'm pretty sure it would have
Why arent we best friends?
#How2Tarot Always compare "past" and "future" position cards to see how the timeline is flowing; compare numbered cards, judge the gap.
RT Positive Tomorrows needs gently used school uniforms for students who are transitioning into public school-Larger sizes
Lots of deals! RT : Cruising the Safeway wine aisle with my sommelier,
Loong naps are great!!(:
Single Girl Swag just followed me. How do they know?!
A strong guy keeps his stuff in line, and with tears running down his face, he still manages to whisper the simple words, "I'm fine."
lmao iced mocha all day!!
What is your #1 goal for this 2011 and why?
Ninth Suggestion, Life is so short and we never know what is in store for us. So always be prepared so that you won't have any regrets.
Long weekend of shooting and problem solving
What? RT Is SportsCenter a thing a lot of men who enjoy sports watch?
First play, big hit...
ladies and gentz, i'll also be back at this Friday. stay tuned :)
management in apartment buildings should be sent to "courtesy & realism school" oh my flippin' heck !!!, how much? for what? don't you care?
I'm so upset that this is tha last episode of desperate house wives :(
Rehearsals, callbacks, auditions, and shoots. Busy, busy January.
I never thaugh it was J whitehead that sucker punch Houdini. They were friends. He poisin the king
where have i been and how have i just discovered ?!? reading every post!
you & should most definitely do a ball charity thing(: hahah I wanna play though (: can I ?
Happy Memorial Day!!! "How important it is for us to recognize and celebrate our heroes and she-roes!" -Maya Angelou
rememeber when I bought u a shot of Jamison
My eyes are crossing at this scribe's funky letter A. Me thinks it's time to stop transcribing for the evening.
BORDER BATTLE ALERT: Join us at tomorrow night as we welcome for a joint hockey game watch party! Puck drops @ 8pm.
I wish u knew how much #ILOVEYOU and #FOLLOWEDBACK ur amazing
The O's are legit!
Let's get physical, physicalI wanna get physical #themeoftheday :-)
thanks so much! :)
Bring Back Ringer 7
Dam you!!! Lol ya had me all pumped!
has learned to stop worrying and love the bug queue
The best defense against discouragement is to base your plans on faith, not on fear and doubt.
we'll be lauching OCRE publicly later in the spring with all RIC types through Hadrian or so.
Yep that's the plan!! #OfficerRicky “ just talk about 'getting money' + 'red bottoms/louboutins'.
Family in Boca with an 8 month old looking for a full-time/live-in nanny. Looking for a long term commitment. Start date ASAP.
Wow, pretty sure the actor from Dude Where's My Car that played himself on #LockedUpAbroad mixed up his life with a Jason Statham movie.
'at least' sounds right -- sorting out competing wishes for requirements seems part of the reason for the mix
I want only the BEST Gravity ball....FUSHIGI !
Took a step in the direction of choosing happier today, & whether the step leads to anything isn't important. Taking the step is the key.
Back from the gig. TY to everyone who came out. I had a Ball & I hope u did too!!! Goodnight... Z...
This is why i love you. RT : Hard at work. Every day. We do it all for you.
and I have decided that our dissertations need soundtracks. Because they do.
hey Valerie! I do the voice for lots of wonderful clients. This week I was a talking tree in a children's book & a website!
sounds like a nice & intelligent guy...
First shot
You are far too kind sir! Way too good to me all the dang time. Thanks for the shoutout to your tweeps for me!
Olympus fears Woodford book may spill secrets - Amateur Photographer
Is there no tag team title match tonight?? What the hell? Are the tag teams even worth a crap anymore?? :(
Thanks for supporting
Quite delish, needs to be here now though.
lol okay. Wait. I don't get the joke...haha :)
I will see you tonight!
hey girl whats up? :)
Suicide is a permanent solution to a temporary state of mind. Things will get better, and you should be alive to see it.
Hey FAC Heads!! Come on in today for Serenity Saturday- get a FREE $10 gram with any $40 donation!!!
Things are about to get a whole lot better. I can see it, and I'm happy about it. Trials & Tribulations are temporary and build character.
Nope I didn't know until just now... thanks for the introduction!
What are the odds of you being in my favor?
thanks for the kind words, friends.
Smells like pure weed in the bathroom!!
Good Q! Robin Wright in the Princess Bride! ;-) I would LOVE to play any role that she's played!
Game 7. Let's Go.
I'm glad to hear it. I hope I'm wrong.
Oh! Just figured this out :) Nice Job!
I think some people get way too into this "single life" mess. Single gives you no excuse to be a hoochie.
RT : Only two things are infinite, the universe and human stupidity, and I'm not sure about the former. -Einstein
Enjoyed book signing n La Jolla w teacher Ana Forrest- Fierce Medicine, a transformative honest book bout yoga & healing body/spirit
great new media presentation at LI thank you!
If you ain't puttin' $$$ on it, you can't hit it!
Any specials or events this week? We'd love to pass them along to our residents!
Ooh, I'm shaking in my custom baby seal leather boots!
Fuck that bitch
bring her to our Bridal Show on May 1st. Grooms and Brides & friends! More info on our Facebook Page! All are welcome!
One of the worst movies of all time. I do not under stand its appeal.
Sephora I love u but not today
When the sky is gray and drizzling, hop on a warm tour bus and discover Los Angeles with our passionate local guides.
In Houston everyone speaks Spanish... What was I thinking taking German??
please dont speak to me like stupid! I know how works but with new prop d. does mayor have balance? can city council overturn?
I might have to start a new Pinterest. Now I have two different peeps following I don't want to know my thoughts.
At the lion and rose
move on! Lol out of sight out of mind. Bubba Watson is the man!
stop that boi!
god morning merica! hope you all have a pleasant Thursday!
yeah that looks better on a resume anyways. Professional hater does not get the job offers Rollin in. Lol
love you Twin!!!
Why not commend Jim Cramer for going into what he knew was a hornets nest that there was almost no chance of him looking good at in the end
Hooray! Break a leg out there, man. RT I made it :) hello LA!
"I am human & i need to be loved" this rainy weather makes me wanna sing along to the smiths
any chance you'll still be in Miami through the week?
People r picki but its all good
going to Boston would be sweet! Always wanted to see a game in Fenway Park.
I like Austin. Loooool. (:
Re: Buchholz comments about Chicken & Beer. HE'S RIGHT. THEY WIN, WE'RE ALL WEARING CHICKEN & BEER SHIRTS.
ending a best friendship over this, is beyond rediculous. its by far the stupidest thing.
I just wanna play a two year old baseball game. Is that too much to ask?
Blue Ivy Carter: First Look at Beyonce and Jay-Z’s Newborn Daughter! -
THATCamp LAC campers-we're still planning a final bootcamp workshop-what would you like to learn? Suggestions very welcome...
When I was an office admin, I used to buy them red staplers specifically.
The Heat have a 2-0 series lead against the Philadelphia 76ers, brooms will be needed
I would have chipped in a few more bucks on the ticket prices to get you a plane ticket to Denver.
There's still 7 available winners remaining. Re-tweet and like us on our Facebook page to win any free accessory (free shipping as well)
Dana Dreibelbis from M&C Life Sciences: publish in 3 weeks, can update if new research emerges
Going to c the devil inside dueces!
Thanks for the #follow #FF !
yes we both had different reasons for leaving but I had to follow my heart (:
The Newdigs fairies were hard at work last night bringing a total overhaul of Newdigs.com! Check it out and let us know what you think!
"The key to accuracy is vagueness"-- Thanks Toya
The past 2 games didn't go as well as Thurs night for #Gamecocks baseball but I'm still incredibly proud! Fla didn't sweep & that's good!
This surgery....smh I have to get better... I ave things to do...
#LUCCAthis! My face! It's melted, doc!
Much better! The USA has changed. for the better. The ent industry has learned much! 3 sisters have their own shows in primetime
I hope you guys listened to our new song featuring Nick from the swellers on you tube
hi holly hope to see you somewhere soon
Cesar GOmez's status: Nothing will ever be attempted if all possible objections must be overcome first
Most men prefer women with some curves
I kind of want a
I am thankful for my beautiful son, John Jr. I am thankful for my wonderful family and my supportive friends. I have no idea I had a son! H…
arvo2010: Increased Oxidative Stress in “Smoking Mouse” Model of Dry AMD - Ming Yuan, May 6, 11:15 AM - 1:00 PM, D666
Christmas shopping this year has been heavy on the GameStop
82 and not amused.
In mobile world, we are still figuring out how to meld our professional and personal voices: of at
Honestly just wanna blow money on clothes, sneakers, & fitteds. nothing better than looking
when are u not pissed though
I shuld be packing but I'll wait til last min like always
lousy spammers. no respect.
I hate humid days
As moms day comes to an end, I send some final love to my sisters who are all fabulous moms. <3
Free ticket for 1st person to: take pic of self with sign saying, "TEDxFortWayne is helping #rethinkFW" & post to FB wall
Can't wait to hear what you have to say! :)
Yep, the details of our Membership Savings are in our profile pic. Call 503-646-8482 to get your savings before December 31.
I want to hear about it, !
Settle down Frank lol
Prof. Rockwell noticed your excellent tweets from the NASA hearing. Good job!
furniture shopping in korea town. All the way up snd down western ave.
cool it seemsl ike that was a big debate for a while. thanks for clearing it up :-D
Dream and give yourself permission to envision a You that you choose to be
sounding good too ...loving it
To the bird I hit and presumably killed with my car on my lunch break, I'm sorry.
Well don't be so hard on yourself and you are lucky to have such an awesome husband :)
Keith Urban's for you just made me cry..
RT : Am so tired tonight. Must be because Banned Books Week has started.
I hate pessimist
I'm a huge Loner, so if I trust you or even like you as a person consider yourself lucky
Want to watch a comedy- watch a dance movie. I guess everything is about sensationalism or shock value.
The show tapes 3 weeks in the rear, so I will let you know when it's on!
Passion 2012 in one week!
<3 RT : SVG: "No, It hasn't been a tough year off the court. My wife still likes me. Most of the time."
I wish we coulda made it work. Or do I???
So rainy !!! just Chilling Out On My Bed ....
amazing! Emotional is an understatement!
My sister is making me breakfast :D
I got a casual first date tomorrow. Old Navy knit dress with flip flops sounds just about right or head to toe
Is 1020am on Friday too early to start drinking?
What's your name?
Attribute query in QGIS! Basically same old, same old w/ ArcGIS.
#ndpl the idea that libraries are 'free to all' is at peril - this is absolutely core
I am thankful for so many things this holiday season... what are you thankful for
Work first play later
Two words: Chi Town, raised me, crazy. So I live by two words: f* you, pay me
Fuck it music in the rain
You rock, we love you! :)
My chinese fortune today: "You have a keen sense of humor and love a good time." ... haha. Funny.
LOL! You want for real? You can have some if you want.
Also loved D2 and holding out hope for later acts and difficulties. Biggest problem is the ability gating.
SEASON 6 yea ?
Damn, Lowkey Hella Happy! My Bro Kevin is coming back Saturday night! Can't wait! (:
following alot of fans but me and ;/ C'mon bailey! :D Follow us! :)
You're Welcome! RT : - thank you for being our 199th follower!
text me
Cirque du AWESOME!
“: Taurus #ZodiacPeople - Taurus women do not back down easily.” Wow, I'm thinking they're reading my mind with these tweets!
Buster Posey grounds into the double play to end the inning and no, nobody wants any damn kettle corn.
NEW AVI, NEW BACKGROUND, NEW MUSIC
Aristotle is up for TWO awards at the Campaigns and Elections Reed Awards tonight.
Sweet! She's at Elaine Erikson in the third ward. It should be good! Also at's just me. Mike is going to Coachella.
redbirdstudio.com/AWOL/acting2.html , sorry.. This is the correct website.
Ready for two more games outdoors and on grass. Got to love "real" football and the NFL playoffs.
I hope that all the mothers out there enjoyed a beautiful day filled with LOVE . God Bless you all :)
How often do late night comics discuss federal higher ed policy? Um, never. I mean, Pell no.
Spending our entire Christmas weekend demoing out new music. These songs are the meanest yet.
that awkward moment when people think a payment is due at CFL
nice to meet you!
All hands on f*cking deck. We're in for a dog fight.
hi dear no it's me not one of the kids! Yes. Must skype! Off to brunch otherwise now.Love u xx
On a challenge from Scal, & I once saw Gerald Green toss a ball 60 feet in the air, off a wall, and throw down a one-handed dunk.
Community mapping has a strong impact on youth and recreation in not just Milwaukee but everywhere
RT if you're sick of the rock-climbing commercial and wish somebody would shut that damn gate. Love the spirit, hate the song.
does his story coincide with any already given. This man has more stories than mother goose
it really is!
Check out today's article in the metro section page B1 plain dealer did on ELECTPAVARINI candidate 4 Cleveland Clerk of Courts
i bet it feels borring cuz thn u got nothing to live for :D
Very shiny and red!!!
Thanks for the mentions We cant wait for #RestoWeekBoston either!
oh. My bad
Happy #mkeday! Get out and celebrate!
15 oz. would run you about $75
so sad i'm missing it--will have to check it out online later. you know i love sinatra!! ps cannot wait to see you soon!
I need to go to sleep..but Britney Spears "Give Me More" song keeps replaying in me head. What????
starting to enjoy Firefox again, great work on 5.0
There is a direct correlation between what you think & what you do... Choose your thoughts wisely!
Good girl...
Life is good I am truly blessed!
In this trife life. There ain't nobody you cam trust. It's called betrayal.
Rising cost of gas prices again! Various predictions of what this will do to the economy, what's your thoughts?
and should be tall together wait wut.
I slept fantastically!
Sleep on the beach, what would they say? RT via Looking for a nice hotel on the beach in San Diego. Got any reccomendations?
design. basketball. sweatpants.
if you want to taste what sunshine looks like go get a kishu mandarin and put it into your face.
I don't wanna be bored again today
Marshmallow's :) Sharing is Caring
I'm in a bit of a pickle now.
Break any of these rules sooner than say anything outright barbarous
I no its late in all but am
you're great at texting back :/
Business cards ,posters, stickers, magnets, shirts and a few things more for the show on june 2 coming verry soon and fast !!! Yeah dat
You know it's almost Christmas when....{fill in the blank}
Organic Chef to supply Locally Grown All Natural Sustainable Beef, Pork to Kon-E-Zee
“: Anyone wanna chirp me?” Yes.
We always recommend ordering three S&C balms at a time ... in case you're riding across the desert with your two amigos....
make better mistakes tomorrow!
Tonight I am a proud husband. My wife is being named to the Indiana Basketball Hall of Fame Silver Anniversary Team.
If Goldman Sachs' clients continue to pay it money and get fleeced, then they are stupider than muppets.
Alumni...Chris Gregory Pharmacy 1988
no big deal lol just got stuck in the metro for two hours
Great article on #Aspie view of death in JAN 2012 Subscribe by 1-31-12 to start w/ this issue and receive it within 1 week!
I hope NEVER puts family members on another RH show. It has ruined RHONJ. I for one do NOT want another season.
lifes too short,why not live to the fullest
This is so bloody boring. 15 minutes in and I want to stop watching.
watching #neversaynever i start screaming whenever starts a new song or he takes his shirt off like at the end <3
i got a chance to do that once in 5th grade i belive
way more credit than deserved. I see it the other way. YOU help ME!
“He’s making a list and checking it twice,” Sounds like Santa’s a little obsessive-compulsive.
so glad you're a voice for so many males out there
Blurry Pics Lie <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
Dear Snow, I am not ready for you yet. Please come back in January or February. Thanks, Greg
forgot that i cant run dishwasher, stovetop, and microwave at the same time...oops tripped a breaker
found mien bruder!!
GamePlan: 1. Eat the pussy 2. Beat the pussy up 3. Apologize to the pussy by eating it again beacause it's so good. (;
Right, weight loss before becoming pregnant because it increases your chances of becoming pregnant because you are healthier!
this jumpsuit is just fabulous. I sort of want you to start making excuses to to wear it in real life.
Join us at noon to learn more about #Northeastern career services available to Evening #MBA students! bit.ly/plUgtx
Wake up in the mornin' and do my philosophy homework... Wait, that's not how the song goes?
o you blocked me..you sure showed me
Playing 20 questions with teenagers: it's harder than you think.
HAD A GREAT TIME TDY, GLAD 2 B A PART, OF HISTORY!!!! SHOUT OUT 2 ALL DJ's THAT MADE THIS POSSIBLE, GLAD 2 HAVE MET EVERYONE!!!!
if she's yours then why she keep blowin me up?? smhhh lmao :)
Obama: We've gotta fight for every person who woke us up to the reality of AIDS.
lovely to catch up with you!
I'm determined to have a productive day. Off to take product photos.
everyone's out celebratin... Happy Mother's Day to all moms!
It was not me.
All I really wanna do nowadays, is skate.
Shut out of THE BABY MAKERS. Guess the universe wants us to rage instead. Hearing you loud and clear, universe.
Like the Facebook page..trying to get to 17k by the 17th...if so FREE Wendy's Frosty's for everyone!
We are thrilled to have , and join us as National Co-Hosts for the 14th Annual TandI Summit!
look up Doctor Bieber lmao it's not a real song but he made it for fun
Lol Wilpon joking about world series.. bet his asshole puckered up tighter then a cheerio durung that line....
Has Twitter helped you promote yourself or your business? Share your story for my upcoming book. Thanks!
keep in touch and ill do the same
Btw, also great for a summer evening: George Crumb's Music for a Summer Evening (Makrokosmos I).
I heard it stumped some of the contestants! A Chef ain't worth his salt if he don't know about scrapple...
I like how you've made your time in grad school so short that you barely need to give up your apartment. :-D
#Idol Joshua is badass he so hot great voice
I can't believe it's taken 3 years to find one of my fave professors on : Can you tweet pics of your jacket each day?
Toothbrush Express offers great savings on Breath Remedy Floss Holders and most oral care products.
Wrote a scene yesterday for this drama. Inspiration can be a frenzy.
Super excited to see the new logo concept designs from !
of course. Why wouldnt I? You're hot
I'm about to begin live tweeting.
wishing everyone a love-filled Valentine Day.......to be or not to be.....is that a question?
UNIONS try to ban consumer choice -- remember Walmart ban? You ARE funny!
Dr. N. M. Kondap is about to talk on how to choose your #career options wisely at GETEX 2012.
Always learning with Green Screen work!!
Our fridge started buzzing and rattling like a Cesna at take off. 1st I thought gotta call AB May then I thought "what would Fonzi do?"
Please be sure to follow our friends Great people, great products and service! DO IT! :) Happy Monday.
Awesome! I'm on the desk till 1pm, so hopefully I can dash down after that!
You know who your true friends are if they keep the syringes or not.
Tonight Intermediate/Advance NY style class in Kendall 12975 SW 112 Street (The Crossings) at 8:30 p.m. Hope to see you all there!
Damn, Gary. Sad to see you go.
Ahh...Wow..I couldn't live without my diet coke..
Molly! I just made the final touches on the email for warped and I can't find the address to send it too! What is it?
Docuscope forces return to individual texts to fully see how documents are being clustered and what words/phrases make this happen.
Congrats on being a 2012 Knight #Arts #Challenge winner for your Passport to the Arts! $100,000, #WOW! :)
thankyou!! make sure you like it too, we got a goal to achieve(:
So excited for this place to open! Having creations closer to home is going to be awesome.
2 test down, 4 more to go!
RT Grandma2422 Children need to be taught correct Doctrine or as Christ asked Will there be one when I return?
Good morning everyone! :]
Mitt a nice value play at 20/1.
follow me ray dude when you get this
Just pulling your leg, friend. I'm glad to be in the circle.
OMG! we should play rock n roll together more often, or at least busk
just realized that since has my phone at home ... she can tweet as me. anything related to sewing, scifi or geeky stuff is NOT me
SBD or loud and proud?
O'Riley's tonight! Playin w/ Big John Splan from 8 pm til 11 or so! Hope to see ya there!
I wanna go to another wiz Khalifa concert
sounds like a pretty good culinary day to me!
follow me back
Lin Sanity continues tonight. Let's go Knicks. Carmelo with have a great night.
Money Maker
Well it's not Passover so you're probably right.
Barbara Walters that's fucked up RT I truly believe that the leading cause of pedophilia in this country is sexy children.
Potent. Really, really potent. MT : How was that #centralwaters Bourbon Barrel Barleywine?
At least it's Friday.
she will be doomed to have every birthday party in a donut shop for the rest of her life.
I know not saying no to anyone is really bad and idk why i dont i just dont
thank you!
I would love to see more #SanRafael info but you haven't tweeted in 11 days- did u abandon ship?
go follow if you dont already! its my personal account
Talkin to my best friend Chris. Born in Miami..BIGGEST Heat fan I know. He is pissssssedddd
SPECIAL TODAY ONLY: For every retweet an angle gets a high-five. Oh yea.
Just started reading John Napier's book, Hands. Thinking a lot about "visual-tactile teamwork" vis-à-vis data visualization + haptics.
#ReplaceStoneSourSongWithMustard "Mustard Road"
I would consider it, but I get my bacon from Wandos.
Important message for #Baltimore bar cooks: do not microwave crabby tots!! :(
From what I recall, City Code does not allow it. Call the City first.
ahaha no problem :)
Good morning brrrr
Will you be stopping by the Spring Game tomorrow? We'd love to see you before you head off to the NFL!
I saw a guy who looked exactly like you at the mall here same face
Excited for SoleSlam this coming sunday.. :)
u dont have to give up on everything you love just cuz 1 girl is wasting her time trying to ruin you.. be yourself, live life
Sorry I couldn't make it last night!! I have no doubt you guys rocked it though :)
#60Minutes - Leslie Stahl - horrible interview with the Massad Agent.
Likewise. Thanks for the follow. Good luck finding a producer for the shows you're creating!
hahaha take us to your bio dome!!!
Thanks 10yo chubby boy running around in your tighty whities by the lake today. You made me laugh!
Who tick Nicki Minaj off?? Why she not on twitter?? Man guess we have to see her out #hope she come back to Jax FL
thanks for the follow Craig. Look forward to meeting you in person sometime soon!
i hate annoying people especially snitches n haters
We are currently looking for a talented Recruiting Manager & Recruiting Specialist to join our Farmers team. DM us for details.
I'm sorry I meant to say #Rondo needs to
lol me either
Ha Ha! I less than three you.
Love it! RT Want a free ? The first 50 ppl that use the code socialmediadel on their app get one! You're welcome
damn straight :). Let us not forget about
Just got arrested for the first time, not the best experience
yay delpo! Tho I lurve ferru too. Sigh - am still out working. Boo. Getting progressively nore distracted as the hr grows late...
spent the weekend in Brooklyn. Headed back to ATX, which has caught fire since I left apparently.
Just used the phrase "Option One" in an email. *shudders*
“Give them quality. That’s the best kind of advertising.” - Milton Hershey, Founder of Hershey’s Chocolate
all kiNds of shit
Indies & efforts like making progress on Heinz 57 hyperlocal model. Analyze tools, services for indies. Quit wasting time on Patch
YOU GET YOUR BRACES OFF TOMORROW!!!! OMG!! ARE YOU EXCITED???(: I AM!! YOU CAN LICK YOUR TEETH AGAIN! ;)<33
My heart is in NY with all of my friends and family going to see the NY premiere of #BlueCollarBoys. So #grateful for the #love and support.
Tatler partners with Zappar for Diamond Jubilee augmented reality issue
Count me in for the Pittsburgh Vintage Grand Prix Rallye :-)
After another win (4-2) over the Nationals, Pirates meet them again at 7:05. Watch it on ROOT and see if they can repeat.
Maybe if he busts out a Doritos/Cheetos/Funjuns reference tonight, you'll get an answer.
I more follower and I give you a shout-out!
RT : Yes, I am an groupie, but it's because I know better than best.
i will take you and buy your ticket! :)
#HillerHelps - Post-Nuptial Agreements - establishes the priority for each spouse in repayment of debt.
evidence of economy on the rise due to unsatisfied employees telling bosses to "shove it," reports
Happy Easter friends of the WSCC. "Where man sees but withered leaves, God sees sweet flowers growing." ~Albert Laighton
Everyone defines #dating differently...make sure you and your mate are on the same page
Yeah, but 18 one year old kids having sex is creepy as well
can i have a shoutout?
"Just thought we could same-page a little."
Doctor in a little bit... ugh...
Almost had a stroke! Tried to update the entire new website at once and it just reverted back to the old site. It looks fixed now though
ok that's what I was thinking....thanks!!! #whew!!
bacon strips!
How many more of those envelopes will he have to address in future months and years? Certainly a lot less than we did as kids.
Went bowling at South Point casino tonight. Did better on the lanes than at the tables. :)
Hey luvies what's up
I'm so surprised to hear about layoffs at a company that makes anti-depressants. What does their severance package look like? Free samples?
I...still don't know what that means.
On my way to the airport. Again.
#2 NO IU fans here in cent. KY. but there are Card fans. & I'm 49 I remember the UK IU glory days
RT : RT : I'm spending the whole day with my bestfriend tomorrow .
Waiting for "undo tweet"
any chance my wonderful writing partner in crime is out and about in Tweetland tonight? :-)
Thank you. Wouldn't offer something if I didn't use it myself.
Theses allergies aint no joke tearing me up
youtube.. please have an option for youtubers to change our username..:/
does staying healthy include chocolate?
You Might Someone Else...But You Would Never...#FindAnotherLikeMe!
Baltimore Airport Hotel Connects Guests With Faster Internet - MarketWatch (press release)
And baby I promise that i'll never leave everything will be alright,
Just wanted to say how lovely it was to speak with you yesterday. You are an amazing person. Proud to "know" you. Too mushy?
Work to Defend Against the Fall of Gondor.
has anyone seen "Tin Man" with Zooey Deschanel? Do you recommend watching it?
I never eat breakfast
TBR HE IS CUTE
You love our crab cakes? Thank you!!! Do you enjoy them in one of our restaurants, or do you buy them in the grocery store?
If your a football fan then your probably caught up in the #NflDraft right now. #Sports!
I don't love her no more..
Seeing your reckless pass and being so happy of how far you come and what you have now.
hey if it's a family friendly app u might want to stay away from the word "anal" in your tweets (i kno what u mean tho)
so much emotion.
": fugg you guys alright...405 hoe! Lol" u kno i fucks wit both so I won't talk down on okc
Big thanks to and for hooking us up with (non-alcoholic) drinks for the #Caps long breakdown day
TAKE IT BACK! You have every right to have a fitness blog. Duh. :)
thanks for the RT sir!
Take me, to another place where I'll be.. face to face just you & me with no rules cause just like you
I am staffing multiple QA spots (including Leads & Mgrs) in the Erie County, NY area. Are there any testers looking for work?
west brom scores again!
The temp is comfortable here in VA....thank goodness it cooled down alittle.
Join my FANTASY BASEBALL LEAGUE on Yahoo -Reedy9ers 177758 password baseball -live online draft 6pm ET Friday tonite! Need a few more peeps!
#FF check out their website www.studentdebtnews.com
MIchael will be on Bashir Show today at 3pm and tonight Ed Show at 8pm where he is guest host!
i like bananas
bro they're okay that's not the point. There's way better food available all the time
TinyURL. Reminds me of my ex.
En route to #sxsw hoping to catch some z's on the plane so I can network my socks off once I hit the ground!
there's only one me
Had a great day working on my new book Your New Life: Be Transformed from Busy to Balanced. Better follow my own advice and get to bed now!
really Thunder?
Chavez shave your mustache
It's Done!
Good luck!!!
One of the toughest things about MLA is trying to choosing between conflicts.
Ran the door county half marathon yesterday, with some friends. Thanks Jon for hosting. Great race, great course, ~2k runners
“:my mom calls and tells me that I won a raffle for $750 to go anywhere I want! Thank you Princess Pocahontas:')”wanna share:P
asdfghjkl. I DREAMED ABOUT MEETING YOU GUYS THE OTHER NIGHT. LOL.
My first #FS goes to Medina's finest and one hell of a DJ
ill give it to someone what color do you want brown or black?
shoes! glorious shoes!
#Chiefs Rookie Camp Romeo said the coaches would chat tonight about the tryouts and make a decision on who to sign and who to let go.
Whadd up famo it's ruckus from I will be seeing you on June 1st in the chi! Follow back!
Thanks for the follow Pets! Check out the Jedi Nighties at Plush on March 22 with 3 other fantastic female-led bands.
Just whipped up a Mocha Ole! Yum, dark chocolate, cream and good coffee.
feenin that Aman music. United Slaves Mixtape still gets spins on my cd player
It's been a long week. Feeling punchy. And ready for some Hunger Games with my boy and my friends.
Thanks for the streaming link to your new album! I just streamed my review of it. Did you miss it? My, how inconvenient for you.
If you bring your 10-year-old into a bar, you are not allowed to yell at people for using profane language.
isn't there an APP for that? haha jk
RT : The only reason we struggle is so we can overcome in the end! #staypositive ~
#NowPlaying Usher- U got it bad.
I want to give my mic a mustache in honor of Dan Lenard!
TO ALL MY FOLLOWERS!: If you have a Facebook can you please go to the Pima County Fair page and like the video by Alyssa Lizardi:)
I'm not tired I fell asleep earlier on and that at 00.00 but now I'm totally awake and LISM socks
say Happy Birthday Gabby Heckard? my birthday is in a month
Willing to try meditation but having problems clearing my mind.
Yes please! I always wanted the keys to a shiny new Australia...
Success is the ability to go from failure to failure without losing your enthusiasm.
guess i go to the store now !!!
in a damn meeting...again
I'll let you know by 2 if we are still having the meet.
woke up with stuffed animals surrounding me. damn it rachel and katlyn this is why we can't have nice things.
Come to our February 6th Training in Burlington, Ma Headquarters. Axial Turbine Fundamentals & AxSTREAM Design Workshop.
Innovative Interfaces peeps-- anyone know whether a "AND NOT" condition can be faked in Create Lists?
i wish i had a real bestfriend....Oh wait! I do! To me she's my bestfriend idk who i'am to her tho. o.o
CONGRATS on the new little man :) RT : Baby Henry is here! Congrats to Mr. and Mrs. Free Beer!
Waiting on my cue to flee!
Benovia--absolutely amazing vineyard in rrv. Tasted there yesterday. Ridonculous
Yea tell me about it...But in recent years the winner is never successful...
Come to Harrison's on Third Thurs 3/11 to celebrate spring's arrival, learn what GOkickball is all about, & then forget what you learned.
Somnium is having a great day finishing up some client work and a new meeting today! Have a great day!
Morning music videos >>>>
#FollowFriday Whichever one of you gives me the most coffee today.
So scared the shit out of me today I scream so loud at the train station I swear this boy loves to see fear in my eyes lol :)
Me and have been Directioners for almost a year
At least your dad knows how to use email.
The weekends just keep getting here faster man
: Yay Eayrslee! SF misses you (especially now, during your early winter...) xoxo
"I won't say I'm in love"
god morning (:
So many people work so hard just to get there names out there. Once its out , they cant take the haterz
"No Sleep Till Brooklyn"..RIP Adam Yauch
I won't ruin the memory and tell you that it's kind of on autopilot. Oops! Sorry! ;-)
I take it he doesn't follow you? Heh.
that's a great one! Health is def going to be a topic of discussion soon. We like Big Booty B*tches!
too true!!
This is absurd. The issue is critique by those with expert knowledge.
I don't think I've ever taken so long to read a chapter. Economics of Global Business will be the death of me.
Visit to DMV. Up there with dentist and accountant.
#UsmileOneYearAnniversary ONE YEAR ALREADY?! wow!
Kobe looks like the baboon from lion king
habitat images in from Bradley Peters and Dan Koeck - 35 to go
If I had a joke I'd probably make it, but I just know a certain newsweekly is tracking its Twitter mentions, so that makes me not want to.
Well, he just got a new one
Awww! I apparently fell asleep after that update. Love me some Cheerios, but no YGG. More into PBS lineup ;)
have you started planning for ?? is in THE BEST location, see all the action from the hot tub on your deck :)
Monday Night Football: 49ers vs Cardinals. Is it Tuesday yet?
ahh hay girl, I heard you were going the 11th, cant wait to see you! Miss you <3
no worries, its all about being a fast reader. I'll give you a hint, you'll be looking 4 something here: playboy.covertocover.com
Hey sis what is the Sipp?
are we going to put a cute tag line on it..change you can believe in..war on women...how about free snow cones for votes
Pretty sure I'm getting random Happy New Year texts from AT&T, and not anyone in Dallas I would actually CARE about gerri g a text from. ..
Father who deserted family was tortured soul, admits Martin Clunes: Martin Clunes, the actor, has spoken frankly..
Christmas caroling :)
Did you try our catering department? They can be reached at 812-327-4842. Not sure when you need them....
Ah...so right! RT : Before a business can communicate externally it needs to communicate internally w/ employees
i'm finally catching up on my tv shows. i think i'll start with Heroes
Absolutely! I couldn't ask for better management at this point!
it's true, I am skipping the SOTU for La Cage at ken Cen. Which one will have more guys faking it for the sake of spectacle?
Now and then it's good to pause in our pursuit of happiness and just be happy. -Guillaume Apollinaire
My man swinging by my spot in Cleveland. Thanks for coming by - kids loved you.
Such a cool concept, I'm obsessed! RT Up over 1,000 likes now. Thanks to our awesome early supporters...sincerely!!!!
Check out the link to my IMDb page on my profile. All answers lie there! :)
sorry Ian. It's hard for me to abide bullies, especially when they present themselves as victims.
I don't understand what makes ppl want to have a conservation the entire lecture.
NC is fifth in the nation for child obesity. We are setting up a health epidemic for the next generation. Let's do better Charlotte!
We've already taped 2 short shows at our new PDX TV Studio. One is edited and just about ready for airing. One needs some TLC from FCP!
Thanks for the follow Napa from San Francisco photographer commercial Napa wedding siliconvalley silicon
Dang this cotton candy is good!
You're so fat you fell into the grand canyon and got stuck
Spent today at Think Big Baltimore #tbb - awesome speakers, great networking, wonderful overall; kudos to Towson Univ and the planning team!
good looking out!
Gonna hop in the shower before these losers do. Lol.
i argue 1 place is limiting; the web is already the place. its an ecology of things. what solution does 1 solve?
Well, I'm bored again. Time to open the fridge again.
Let's go back to last night..
I am drinking the Kale Spinach Banana Peanut Butter Smoothie from the new cookbook right now and am SUPER happy about it!
“: Oh yeah and I got a new PR for Overhead Squat: 113# 1RM, that's 30# over my old 1 rep max! ” awesome job!!!
Incredible- live from #Syria on #CNN right now. Telling how bad situation is for civilians... shortages of blood, etc.
she needs to do both. Poop and give birth:)
Ever thought about including veggies into your fruit juices? Check out Market Girl’s blog post for all the juicy fruit & veggie combos!...
Wow I never thought I'd find someone like you , now that your here promise me you won't leave , I love you Chase Robert Scott Botts <3333333
Yikes! #Bruins win, but scary last couple of minutes. Senators are for real. So are the Bruins. Go B's!
Actually, that's our headline. It tops a 6 column photo of us racing office chairs.
I'd love to! Thanks for asking. Send 'em my way! Happy to do anything to show #WMU pride.
lol yes girl...nothin to do..!!
with Social Media; we are ALL brands now <U+FFFD> we influence as well!
why am i still up.
are you asking me to come up with ideas?
I was considering GA players as collegians. All in same boat. Senior, junior, doesn't matter. Just not enough of them.
you are the best!
How is it I get followed by random spam like or ?
The Office is on ESPN, oh wait that is just Kevin Stallings from Vanderbilt
Join us LIVE now for Erick Weber Fan Page's final show!
: RT : 2 Oklahoma State women's basketball coaches among 4 killed in plane crash, university says.
Yesterday Mitt was in Clive, the Iowa suburb whose name Emma (in SPARKS) thinks sounds like a venereal disease.
Jus know where im going, I ain't there yet.
I know! Its all good though
I need to write a blog about these free edu offerings. I'm all for it, but must admit I wonder re the size of the classes, interaction?
remember when #umn dissolved the Grad School to essentially fire the clerical staff? and it somehow STILL exists via $$$ admins?
Hi, how are you? Please follow me, I would do the best day of all. That's my biggest dream, please. It is only a button.-68
My trx class this morning was awesome! But now my entire body is stiff, makes the class more awesome! Bam!
seriously! When will my pie teleported be ready?!
RT : Design your resume to fit the job you're applying to. There is no "one-size-fits-all" resume when applying to diff jobs.
you're such a manly man lol.
ah do you need a ride. even though you ended our relationship today I still
i know huhh cant wait to talk to you when skewl starts
what times is Tony Plush on 2morrow?
Empire of the Senseless
And then I used my thinned-out leeks to make a roasted potato dish. And dropped a giant glass skillet lid.
Dear Tiger Woods, Please stop sucking in majors. Make Augusta your bitch beginning tomorrow. That is all.
Your twitter is almost as sexy as you are.
Well be there tomorrow!
ALCS on Fox now. Pregame stuff.
You honestly never cared did you?
RT : doesn't F5 work in firefox? Yup, just tried it. THANK YOU!
We are at the ICMS Conference in Kalamazoo next week. Come and see us at booth #3 to enter our FREE book prize draw!!
im heading to Bummerfest around 2 with my work team. @ me where I can find you!
My room was clean, but then I had to decide what to wear.
Life is simple, it's just not easy. ~Author Unknown
Fakers don't last in this industry.
we will succed like last tie
Don't allow people 2 steal ur joy..it takes more energy 2 be angry..then it does 2 love..keep it classy ladies....
I will be & am looking forward to seeing for the first time.
Got to book early! RT : Waitlisting for a room for #Balticon. Curse you lovely popular con!!
Thanks for the follow. Were glad we share this exciting opportunities. Keep an eye on the www.coupondeal.com, nothing else make us happier!
crap. and I thought I made pretty good money. union?
Did I miss this discussion?
school started last week, meaning focus is averted from making new artwork, but please check out my current sale www.shadowglacier.etsy.com
that pisses me off less than the white people who would prefer to be black.
I'm trying to figure out wedding songs!
Hahahaha okay!! Thanks :)
A person sheds about 1.5 million skin flakes an hour, most of which becomes embedded in our carpets.
How does one respond to that?
Night night
I get in my car, & the first thing comes on the radio is my favorite "Original" #YMCMB #HipHopNation AllSmiles4Me
I want to just pass out, today just feels like a crap day .-.
Don't Use Y.O.L.O As An Excuse To Be A HOE
My team ROCKS!! Good job WinterHawks. Game one in the win column!!
maybe he's recording new songss ? Idk
Whoa god, someone in my lit class is dressed as a woman today. Oh boy.
At Waffle House..bout to get it in
I vow to tweet more in 2012
thanks! It was probably the best impulse buy I've made. Haha.
Hey, man!
One of the very few comedians I appreciate these days. No crass language, just FUN-NY! >>
i just spit my drink hahah
I got a letter from Google the other day, opened it, read it, said they were suckers / wanted me 2 verify my Places or whatever
wow thank you so much!
pat Houston cuz
I just tried to imagine my life without Motown and got really sad. Never again.
Are you referring to me posting random history facts? Thought you would appreciate.
Big Different Between a Hoe and Classy Lady!!!!!
that's awesome. Thanks so much for coming in last night
Good morning everyone.Hope ya'll have a great day.peace and love Sam Thompson
You pressed your mouth on mine and fed me a star Then said we never, can truly, know who we are.
I Just Wanna Get Up There..
ahh i love you guys(: thanks so much for following :D you guys should checkout ! <3 have a fantastic weekend! xoxo
FSU is trying there best to give this game away!!!
I love you
cause he needs observation hours to become a teacher
That was the best 2:42 of my life!
Stockpiling #longreads like there's no tomorrow.
I love your book on Celine Dion! My graduate student cohort at UCLA read it for our intro to musical research seminar
Hell yeah! :)
No problem, thank you too! If you're into sports, check out our podcast on iTunes, we have a new one coming on Thurs too!
does it smell like pompous diarrhea? RT : Be sure to stop by today. I will officially be launching my new fragrance.
#What2ChainzWouldSay .. 2 Chaaaaainz! I walk in then I TURN UP.. Extendo that I BURN UP..
Friday! Out to shop with hopefully a stop for a bottle of vino tonight.
I feel great today! I think the supplements are working!
My #archaeology professor told me my essay was "flat & textbooky like an encyclopedia entry".
Congress has decided to place the New Jersey Battalions, under Lord Stirling in East Jersey near to the New York area.
Caps lost, 1 step closer to another game 7
Buenos dias miami and all of Latin America most attractive live video chat line so u can keep in touch with fam,friends & make new friends.
just got to have faith, DW and LBJ won't let this team quit, if LBJ wants the ring as bad as he says he will get it done
Quit being a pansy.
How'd you like our new club?? RT : Pregaming at Smokin Hot Aces inside Venetian! We pregame harder than u party!! Lol
“: when is Happy Aunties Day?” Every day is Happy Aunties Day.
please follow your huge Arianator ! She loves you so much! Please make her dream come true. <U+E328> 44
Oh, now I'm getting the concept of "iconic spirit."
started writing a song using Garage Band on my iPad 2!!
Some things you just can't unsee.
Fuck this shit im about to @ her ass!
ill be at the bronco steeler game tomorrow.. Getting wasted..lol
So if anyone is up for giving me like a massage or something, I'll totally pay you in chocolate covered peanuts.
“: I play for my team, but especially for my pitcher #WeGotYou”
When the hot persons sad everyone cares but when the ugly persons sad everyone is like oh.
Hahaha you so silly. Just a few more friends like Monie :) No one I think you know, actually....
Hot guy in a convertible....shirtless....
I hate Duke and I believe that they are incredibly talented with every position covered...they have all the pieces. .
just leave it 2 hours and heat. then rinse your hair with cold water!
more interesting reading on being multilingual via Blog: Immigrant parents’ views on children’s bilingualism -...
I would love to see the "pretty girls" in my school remove their make up.
Beyond depressed by the food options in Stillwater, OK.
My dude from PTI just picked the Niners to win the Superbowl yeah!!!
thanks for checking it out! glad to see the stylish ladies actually like it :)
We just ordered soo much chinese
yo Justin. How is the married life. I miss you guys. Guess what I'm moving to Cali this yr. sometime this summer.
Indeed I am. And at my advanced middle-age I may very well be one of the oldest cadets ever to enter the academy
OK now we wait, I will bet you money I will get like 50 followers by tonight... oh yeah..I got car, home Fxxxing monkey if you wanna pay??
oh My god!!! What the hell?! Hahaahahahahahbaha
Bucks fan!
Pakistan has given the United States permission to interview bin Laden’s wives... as long as we promise not to turn it into a reality show.
&quot;what strikes me is the power of saying no as it relates to experiment and innovation. No, we&#39;re going to do this differently&quot;
It is A birthplace, but not THE. There are limitless others, amongst them empathy, curiosity, despair, boredom, longing. . .
Watch Ozploitation doc Not Quite Hollywood on #netflix streaming. Watching Tarantino geek out over exploitation cinema is pure entertainment
I was watching #IAmLegend on my lunch break. "what are you doing out here Fred?!?!" haha
I tell students that citing is like linking on the web/Facebook-people like it better when you link to good stuff.
About to grab me something to eat at Crappy
They say 5 out of 4 people have problems with fractions
Thanks for the #ff :)
my nigga Glenn real as they come.
Impromptu Vegas with besties...just now hitting the town...WASTED!!!
I miss the days when Shannan would bring in a FA and not let them leave until they signed with the Broncos...
Why did Maroon 5 name their new song and sing about using a "Pay Phone" - It makes no sense. Who the hell uses a Pay Phone anymore? No one.
To the people who tweet about every waking moment of their life: news flash
App v. Mobile. Nice that some apps provides a quiet (no alert) update on ur mobile device. Don't have to click thru.
So fucking stupid. So stupid.
For today: Human Nature's "Don't You Want Me, Baby?", and Melissa Ethridge's "I'm The Only One" to name a few.
Want to see something gross? Try chewing 4 or 5 different colored Razzles for about a minute and then open your mouth into a mirror.
happy national eat what you want day.
I'm doing very good,how about u?
I guess, after this, people will pay attention.
Sometimes I start to think about the many ways that certain people annoy me. Then I remember they don't sit around thinking about me.
Merry Christmas!
Wrapping up shooting with this afternoon!
Dont let people dictate the pace you've set for yourself
Mad Men
"The materials of Native New England" have been dispersed all over the US, Canada, & Europe; digitization can reunite them.
Committee is delayed as many anti-Planned Parenthood audience members are removed from the room.
You bet. Thanks for the add!
hey all you #fashionbloggers ! we've got a challenge for you. :)
Alright UK just settle down.
Breaking News!!!!!! Mark your calendars. The first of the Build Day of the year will be September 18th!! RT NOW
Great to see you! Hope to see you again on Sunday! RT Heading to with to see "The Big Meal"
Uhh... ^^;;; How do you "fulfill your purpose" by obtaining a grant?
#iReallyHateWhenPeople don't follow me back !
Crawfish today at 4pm. Get ready for some monster crawdaddies.
Gotcha. Well, just let it happen. :)
Old Country Hungarian Sausages today! Triple Chocolate Brownies with Walnuts
Maye I will get more painting in tonight when her sister is home. Tell then just taking care of her and having a little tea for me.
#LGBT MT 'No U.S. president has ever supported a major expansion of civil rights that has not been adopted by the U.S. people'
BRo! i walk to my car to find a huge dent in my front bumper.
Thank you to for coming to last night! Great comedy show by the Avalancheros
you already know I'm throwing that in my mix!
Thank you
How are you feeling today? Good, right?! RT : ok. starting right now. in the studio. :)
ATTN: THE OSCARS HAVE OFFICIALLY BECOME THE HUGOS. SPREAD THE WORD.
#masterchefau when you watch online you get less ads
Browns may already be done signing free agents.
RAGE to have team meeting that lays out everything in Feb. Stay tuned for date and location
Is there no end to clips of Santorum proving, on film, that he is a tool? #uppers It warms my heart
good luck Lindsay Lou! <3
So you're the one watching!
Off to New York
lol ive actually been w/o since like 07 when i moved out of the Town...i occasionally go back for one tho...you just gotta
Awkward moment when youre laser tagging and your name is "swagge" and the girl after you makes her name "swag"...the hell girl!
Except I really love boys, y'all.
What are you talking about? UofL is gonna be there. (You left the door wide open for that one!)
#20ThingsAboutMe I get bored with guitar a lot of the time 'cos I learn music so easily, it's like that's just it. On to the next song.
I can't stop the bleeding.
Norwegian Swimming Star Alexander Dale Oen Passes at Age 26: Fan Remembrance
@ is kind enough to provide excellent food and drink each night at COBO! Come hungry, leave happy! Don't forget to tip.
woot! found $7 in my truck! now i'm walking 'round like a Big Shot w $10 in my pocket!
I've heard that before getting engaged we will run into/hear from exes! This is something I am not looking forward to. www.kissandim.com
Gonna miss having around El Paso though
to. Forgot 2 and we have a case of wine!
oh yea, 1 unfenced & they just built a full fenced. Bout time Columbus caught up with Chicago on getting some good dog parks.
MSN says it is no longer "super chic" to have hair blown out so straight it does not move. I've never liked that look! Yay!
Thanks for the follow! We are honored :)
Why is there traffic at 11 pm
#IAmBelieberBecause Justin said "Close your eyes and Pray" he is an uplifting human being and person. And I love him for that
Heat forward Chris Bosh will have an MRI on his abdominal strain to determine the severity.
Actually is missing everything.
Resident Evil taught me how to organize all my green herbs. =) hey-O!
Thank YOU for making life more fun. =)
Let us know your favorite part of the exhibit!
I love NYC!!! I love the people here...I love the crazy smell...the energy...I love myself when I am here!
I just might twitter date someone
Some of the ships that will visit the harbor hold 700-800 people. 80 ships will be sailing into the harbor from June 13-19th.
yea I agree...but despite how disturbing it really is I find it oddly entertaining
Not at all. I like conversation about real stuff. We're not all sure most of the time.
WAHHHHHH?? Let's see it!
I dunno. Stir fry pizza is one of those things that could wind up being surprisingly decent.
Watching "Family Guy"
I am in such a bitchy mood today.
": The dance that I miss the most is heard em all and I wasn't even in it.."all I remember was the 4 #pirrouettes hahaha
shapeology does learning 2010, pretty cool.
follwo me PLEASE
Stopped at a traffic light next to a construction crew. What's blaring through the stereo? "2 Become 1".
Howard Stern -- Penis Jokes on 'America's Got Talent' Debut
We have in the studio today! Tweet your questions for them, , or to
Lets go pens
Watching client play his ex-teammates for the 1st time.
“: I follow you!?!” my apologies, u sir are a great American, and a great man. I'm honored u follow me
I'm so poor I can't even pay attention
“: Titans meeting with Peyton Manning...” he did go to University of Tennessee
You can search these items by decade or era
Yes! Please don't make me stare at everyone - come over and say hi.
Send Direct Message if interested in playing in Fantasy Football League in Denver area. Draft will be Next SatorSun.Fee is only 25-50.Live!!
RT - Lets fucking go Miami Dolphins baby
Yes. Circular firing squad forms. RT : Tony Perkins says consensus choice of huddling conservatives is Santorum for president.
": Whoa I just had two cocks in my ass... At the same time!!! U can see it on www.AsaAkira.com" what a filthy strumpet!
#KIROConnect Forecast: Mostly Cloudy, dry, temps near 40. Chilly overnight in mid 40s but staying dry! perfect twitter weather
Hungry children = slower growth, more trouble learning, lower school attendance & lower achievement
I just tore off my ACL writing this tweet. By ACL I mean 'annoying caps lock'.
needs to be warmer so i can bronze my cheeks
He needs to come over so shit can get started! And never end
Had one of the best meals of my life last night in SF at Isa.. Highly recommend it! Now time for some fun in the sun with my besties!!
only map burrito recipes
Oh... that sounds interesting!
Vanilla Candles >
Happy Holidays everyone!
Ah, going to miss you so much it's not even remotely funny DDX <\3
Leggoo Giants and Rangers! ;D
Y'all are beggign for the rough side of my tongue. Esp you,
#Relationshiptips -Give the other person some space. Seriously.
God bless you brother!
He is growing up so fast
March for Babies
our 1000th follower gets to cut 's hair. he doesn't know yet, we'll tell him later.
Good Stuff Bruins...Keep your Head up..
Bill Lyon~ If at first you dont succeed find out if the loser gets anything.
my room is always open
I'm glad my headphones double as ear warmers, otherwise I'd be screwed today!
Your damned if you do and your damned if you don't.
1 shot to the brain order three more shots im goin in im on my level
Still not finished with my bedroom i have totally not finished it from last night Yay not
Stuck in traffic because of a wreck. I always hate to see this...
People watching without getting caught is a skill I have yet to master
I write notes on my phone and eventually forget about them.. them when I run into them again. I'm a bit inspired. Comes from...
#TheWayITreatMyMan support him in everything he wants to do
I wish EVERYONE of my followers would follow ..He's the reason I'm here right now and inspires so many <33..Love you Josh :D
Step brothers is funny af
If lookin like #BillGates & #BarackObamas love child is havin swag Then #SwagIsDead RT I look like Bill Gates mixed with Obama
RT : actionable awesomeness!
I'm so glad everyone goes 55 through work zones...
Love makes me a weak man. I'm not afraid to admit it.
yeah if that's cool with you.
I love when someone gets one popular song then suddenly they think they are all that and make a million new songs that are terrible.
Was going to tell him 260K
Cowlitz Co. dispatch has confirmed that a small plane crashed into the Columbia River near Sandy Island... we're trying to get more details
If you have an interview coming up tomorrow, suggests giving yourself plenty of travel time so there’s no need to stress.
Proud to be Me ^^
#ThatAwkwardMomentWhen retweets you but you've tweeted at him telling him you miss him &he never tweeted back or texted you!
LMAO I know. Sad face. P3=Easter at USC.
so i cant find my directions to my project.
So it is. I'm enjoying it with my sister.
#SomeWomenCantStand Up For Themselves... (You Get It)
Thank you
She will and she can find a man who knows her worth. Cause a real man knows a real woman when he sees her...
Great reception in the Verizon Center. Who knew?
TY ma'am! Really appreciate that
Sounds like she's having a Hannah moment.
I miss you.
Heading down to uic for the night with ! Pumped to see and everyone from home.
Lol ok I didnt think anything would be more fun than facebook, but then twitter came
Get the demographic u need to increase ur fan base n have ur videos seen globally. We guarantee real people who are interested in ur music.
very good possibility
Simultaneously hoping for snow and no snow day.
what about #Cisco?
Well we hope you get better soon!
Anyways Hello world!
There's gotta be something positive going. You are breathing and typing right. Remain optimistic and anything's possible.
Tired as heck, but happy that I'm back in the gym! Looking forward to doing this 4 days a week this summer!
yep, the account. wonder what's that supposed to indicate...
I am such a big fan, i love you,your music, and your acting so much, Ur amazing<3 i hope u see this :((<3 i love you!<33 xoxo
New Online Course Facilitates Undergraduate Public Health Instruction
“: I like your tweets >.>” Well thanks! I love your glasses:)
A new day...means a fresh day, whatever happen yesterday is gone..enjoy God's gift and that's the new sun you see today.
"HULK REFUSE TO USE HIS BIG GREEN MUSCLES AS SYMBOL OF CULTURAL DOMINATION" writes "CHALLENGE MALE PRIVILEGE!"
Now's a good time to tune in to The Announcement!
love love loove love love loove lo lo lo love
With this weather, it's only right that I take a ride and burn one with my favorite bitch, aka yo bitch!
Join me tonight at 8:30 pm CST to learn music branding tips that can help you get noticed!
yea well nice talkin to ya i gtg now cya
I really like how Solange turned out.
no, it didn't work and I backed up the line....
I love this Blake shelton song!
RT : RT : Congrats to Congresswoman-elect Kathy Hochul for her victory tonight in NY's 26th District.
Oh, it's nearly 4:30 and I'm hearing the sounds of a blender outside my office - love that sound this time of day :)
Where the fuck did all these kids come from O.o?
Man...that looked really bad
Say you'll stay, don't come and go...
Tom Aldana from Super Star Tattoo giving out free Tattoo Gift Cards while guest bartending with Maddie tonight at the Monkey!!
Game over, that's all the run support I'll need
Copper bars? Oddly interesting. What do those even look like?
Give your consumers a peek "inside the tent." They love to share what others can't get.
I hope her residuals last... RT had actress say: "listen, I have 8 nationals running & I'm not avail for the cb anyway."
Gearing up for another sold out tour in the - what are you all doing for dinner tonight???
this is an official fan page tell hin to follow and your amazig
What did U do with your real teefus?
Have a beard. Does that mean I have to write a novel?
You know it's meant to be if he's like your best friend, lover, and bro all in one:)
The horoscope id thingy was so right about me. Lol.
... Dmac buddy I'm with you it's over Denver had 2 shoots and missed both times ... Manning going elsewhere time to accept that
Still chasing that trinket on a stick? LOL
o so we married now
Daniel Day Lewis, if only because the performance is so iconic it lifted a relatively low-earning film into the public consciousness.
today is just great :)
The Group Travel Leader team would like to thank all of our followers, new and old!
Down Down Do Your Dance.(; Cupid Shuffle(:
lol you don't want do that D
you know I'm mad jealous right now? Been busy, not up to date. What's the project?
NF MY FUTURE FRIEND
haha - social media manager (it's kind of an obvious one...)
oh my gawd. Yeah we do.
I'm in where do I sign up for the skip lines pass? I would also like a pass that allows for two tacos per day during SXSW
would love a ticket to Thursday's show, please!
needa take my ass to sleep.
We are standing by to present a fun webinar series: "Become the Manager Everyone Wants to Work For." What makes your manager great?
Looking for a new adult couple's #BibleStudy to do with a small group. Any suggestions?
He always knows how to make me smile
I recently DVRed Housesitter and can't believe how well it holds up. Clothes, no. Jokes, 100% yes. Just as hilarious as when I was 10.
I travel everywhere. Please let me know how I can help out you or your clients.
If I win I'll put on my ray bans & slide down the W hallway sipping it in my socks! RT: Vote 4 "Whiskey Business"! tinyurl.com/3z3aokt
Now in seventh watching a movie the day will end pretty good
Go see at the Hard Rock Cafe at 12th & Market tonight. Joe will be there! Say hi!
Missing my Mpls PR peeps at the Bash tonight! #abcbash11 Can't wait to see the pics!
Well, not really. Nobody I want to be serious with :)
oh #writing ones... join me in #writing about today's photo prompt? www.writeawayeveryday.blogspot.com
Best screenplay #midnight in Paris -not surprised amazing concept and writing. It takes a lot to recreate legends
I work to hard to be ballin on a budget
Having no car sucks :/
Thanks for coming, Kate!
Im watching Ellen ;D
I hate when I`m listening to music really loud and I have to keep pausing it because I constantly think I`m hearing my name being called.
got my screen shot app again i am just so happy ok
We are getting schooled here by on - upstream, downstream, and every other type of stream
re: so want to read 3rd gr responses to DeShawn but link appears broken. Try again? It's one of our favorites at KLU!
Once again it's a great day to be a #Blazer in
Last Day this week
#favoritesportsrant "No runs on one hit...one hit? That's all we got was 1 GD hit?!?
if time is money, does that mean an ATM is a time machine? I mean, maybe it stands for A Time Machine
Don't know what game you were playing, but it sure wasn't Mass Effect.
"Poor wandering one..."
so r we if we're readin this #imjustsayin <U+E403>
Hey, sounds fun, Jennifer! Enjoy!!
Quite the thing when you can follow an unarmed kid, initiate altercation w/ him, shoot him, then claim self defense.
No, he's not perfect. He's a human and he's flawed. But he's perfect to me, and he's perfect for me and that's all that matters.
This dude needa hurry up.. Always talkin bout I'll be there in an hour.. Um where tf are you?!
I can't stand the fact that ur there nd I can't kiss u :(
Baseball season has barely began, but there are already a ton of long term injuries to many players
Researching DYI Ombre Hair color. Trying to make my ingrowing roots look passable
And #GWU #UpwardBound, Pres Knapp, is crossing borders everyday and spreading education across DC, reaching the underrepresented 24/7.
tht sucks did he even know you got it?Glad u got in tho!! I am looking at a possible residency in Orlando so will keep u posted <3
And congratulations! Boy or Girl? How exciting. I would love to catch up!
lucky cop!
can't wait to meet you
Can I get some Goodmorning Mentions??
Dont think im goin to sleep tonight
i KNOW THat tweet is about me
MT from agent : Someone please send me a literary thriller (along the lines of Tana French's fiction)
I'm only here cause your a faggot.
Don't text me anymore..you're the same as the rest of them.
I am already on it. just started following you on
Nice #Royals #MLB <U+26BE>
thanks for the RT! love the size of that guy
I was chillin at the beach, I can't beat 5-5 nl anyway. You ready for Ft Laud round 2??? Wheres ?
Seattle's Coolest Santa and a couple of the elves will be on the O Deck from 11am-5pm today and Saturday! Come and tell Santa what you want!
#Mobile. Think mobile first the 4" screen. Growth w/kids and developing countries. 1B mobile devices 75% CAGR, Tablets CAGR?!
“: My mom just asked why am I even going to school if we arent doing anything and I was like... I totally don't know.”
RT : Remember you have till 7PM to make donations online or via telephone. The best number to call is 214.346.5500. Thank you!
There is no "D" in Baylor
Just finished watching terrific #photography #documentary on Ovation channel: Shelby Adams and families in
Just walked past a couple of cops on Broadway who were uploading photos to Instagram and giggling. Way to go, Seattle.
I got unwittingly stuck in Dalai Lama traffic Sunday evening near the U and became appropriately enraged.
T.G.I. FUCK yea! it's FRIDAY!
It's ALMOST Friday folks!!! Grab a stiff one & enter the weekend running. Gonna be beautiful out Friday & Saturday- don't be scurd!!!
Thanks for referencing us Kathryn; first extension of curatescape tool beyond , , available.
Congrats justin....hope you have a wonderful day bcoz of that kiss hahaha by the way congratulations again
the original Ryder Cup
Matt and Nick argue with the referee when he won't hand over the title belts. Matt and Nick roll out of the ring and attack the Ants.
This game is going to kill me...
100+ fever...cool.
#FF peeps are all artists who share what they know:
Raeanna is brewing your Tea!
We're all sold out! Thanks for the love today! We'll see y'all tomorrow.
yep! Visiting my grandparents for the weekend.
Ghosts of boyfriends past. Will be the name of my shoegazer act. It will consist of me hitting random notes on a keyboard & melancholy verse
Life is evolving into its greatest. What are you doing with your moments of evolution and what souls are you touching for the Kingdom? It…
Happy Birthday, Dr. Seuss! What's your favorite Seuss story?
LOL I wouldn't kno RT : IT IS WITH THE RITE PENIS AROUND :D RT : I guess rain is an aphrodisiac
pineapple express >
Spa Spy: Tschuggen Grand Hotel, Arosa, Switzerland
I donut like guys that take more pictures than I do. Or post more pictures of themselves for that matter.
Just tapped a fresh keg of Hoptimum Imperial IPA $10 growler fill with no limit & $3 pints plan to go through 3 more
yep. i would know because i am one of them
we're making an album. It's going to go double myrrh.
where you at bro?
while it gives me satisfaction, I wouldn't mind if all spammers were permanently eradicated & I never had to again ;)
What do you look for in good writing submission? Our guest judge says she looks for writing that is dangerous. Tell us yours
Will you be working there regularly, or is this just a short-term gig?
Everyone! The single flyin' so high is almost here, so hand on tight! #TeamShunte is coming soon.
Oprah sans ridiculous giveaways and guests...we're on the verge of boredom.
ur parts were kept me awake in think like a man
Happy Thanksgiving! We're thankful for all of our supporters & partners, and all fighting hunger in Milwaukee this holiday season
Shoulda took the under...I just didn't realize how BAD Sam Bradford really was...for making millions he is simply terrible
thought that too that's why I'm surprised he's not a politian - yet
Inequality-fighting&losing that Battle since Joe&Chris's Hero:Ronald RayGun
Can't wait until warm weather is here for good!
It's hard to find jeans with a smaller waist size than length but I found them!
I had $1.70 on my card and she still let me on. Oops.
I don't want to get into Yelp, because I'm worried about getting negative reviews for my vagina : /
Shocking RT The only way to make everyone happy - 8-team playoff. Which is allegedly what the BCS suits don't want. Go figure.
Having a very difficult time listening to a speaker with really annoying speech patterns.... "right?" "right?" "right?" omg.
wow..big ole fish
“: here's to the kids who know what it's like to lose a million friends.”
Jay, I think it's up to you to spearhead the campaign! :)
soon! We're shooting a video right now lol. We have big plans for next year :)
i like that criss cross thing he did yes cant wait till the billboard awards
thank you!
Roomba has changed my life and Willett has some entertainment.
great job at pomona and good luck the rest of the season.
What's your best memory from abroad?
I would die In Vegas. A bed would be were I put my empty bottles and passed out strippers. Hoping they don't steal my $30 Samsonite Bag.
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit.
Mary H. Waldrip~ A laugh is a smile that bursts.
we r tenants of the rio but we have party with VNI this sat will talk to them about it Vince is doin freebie concert sat nite
How was everything on Saturday Night?
THIS IS A DEMO TWEET
"Jazz Crush" 4 days 2 go. Wine/food and jazz at Sawyer House of Yakima! Tickets only available for two more days! Nice group so far...fun!
Omg i just seen Salma Hayek in a burger king commercial ordering salad so racist and degrading just kidding haha
thanks for following us! USC should show our film, ! Email us if you want to.
Assembling a "Coalition of willing universities" would be hard. So would be migrating editors, authors to other venues.
Is it working?
Stole My Heart Playing in Old Navy <3
ok then ;) Only if you like metal though if metal scares you you might not like it ahahah
Just realized that I got tweeted by Master Yoda. Also realized that he has no sense of humor.
makes you wonder what Roddenberry was up to in the 40s!
Woo doggy!!! It is hot as heck in my black Honda Odyssey. Dang!!! But yay sun in Pittsburgh.
whatever i just wanted a smurf :(
Yay look: RT : Opening sentence Shaviro: What is it like to be a rock?
I have not tried that one but def recommend getting the mixer!!! It makes the kitchen complete ;)
I would love to catch this- when do you think it will be slated for?
I left a comment on their page and will RT
Night off.. wishing it could be tomorrow so I can watch the Hawks and Mavs kick ass.
third testing
There is no failure except in no longer trying. by-Elbert Hubbard
What's stopping kids to sign up for these accounts? Facebook, Google+, YouTube, etc
ahahahah thanks :D and it's okay
Shoutout!! Follow these monsters!
At your next lunch meeting impress your VIPs with a selection of our paninis, salads & Agua Fresca. Box lunches are so 2003. 619.255.2856
Your gonna catch a cold from the ice inside your soul.
I visited my hood LFC Queens theres always tragic news some1 got shot they say da good die young all dat mean 2 me is da hood die young
Roommate had me walking all over smyrna...smh...it's hot outside in case yall didn't know
I've got dog hair, link, some wooly yarn in several stations around the yard. She's ignored them thus far. :)
Be sure to check your DMs! Thanks!
I would have rather had a Code Red. Yum!
I like that idea, I'll have to check them out. I thought you meant the kind that swings back a forth for a sec!
Houses on canvas, not siding! RT : Nice! I thought they painted houses. : Images of Orig.Artfrom REAL Pitmen Painters.
hell yea fake ass pussy ass niggas thinkif they smoke they pussy rating going up #FUCKOUTTAHERE WIT DA SHIT
#11000 Tweet goes to...... for being fucking awesome!
not to mention the stellar defense (including that outfield assisted DP)
"when I get where im goin, dont cry for me down here"
lets make it happen Cap'n!
Pinnacle Entertainment adjusted profit tops Street
Bet You Gotta Phone On You.!
Not this one. She is aware that phone = camera. Hates it. can confirm.
Still catching up on emails from the last few days...will get to everyone today. I promise!
Morning Dolls, u can do anything just remember the 4c's curiosity, confidence, courage & constancy. They worked for Walt Disney. Be Greater
u r my biggest role model and a big bro that i did''nt have peace breezzy
Thanks MB! & I are trying to see if we have any $ left for #educon #weddingbills + I wld need to pay out of pocket sub
looking to rent in Beacon Hill, know any good realty companies?
aww so cute <3 I have music with him tomorrow if I were u i would be soo jealous!!
I dislike this weather, ~.~
Im home take me drunk
For him, not for me!
only have 9.5 right now on them kd galaxy
Don't get ya head bust nigga
just got off a basketball game...
does that mean I get to design my own room? Master bath for me. What's that Jim jones...? #Ballin!!
What are some arguments for and against the death penalty?
RT : Congrats all Maine Teachers of the Year nominees. Great ceremony and dinner in Augusta these past two days!
You're in San Diego? You didn't tell me you were coming to SoCal. Neither did
Sometimes I close my eyes and imagine what it would look like if they were open
wants to hear regulators :) I don't want to push my luck, but wed love you forever
Curt menefee???? Are you kidding me? #ufc #fox sucks
Seeing the lakers like this >>>>
Pregnant snooki, just what this world needs...
Keep your goals in mind today
im not sayin i would wait for you but i am saying I'd rather be with you then someone else.
YES YES YES ! SOMEONE WHO'S WITH ME!
The link doesn't work. :-(
Abbey pub show went great !! Cant wait to do it again ! Still looking for musicians !
I knew it! Jessica Lange won on #SAGawards for best actress in a drama series.
And that is where we differ. But what do I know, I'm just a content producer. RT Literary market is not unlike any other market.
“: You Smoke Weed And Sip Cough Syrup? You Are So Cool, Damn, You Reek Of Swag.” Mac miller subtweet
I'm still bored by famine.
Big fat zig zag1 I fill you up from my bag! Let's have a party! Proceed to party! I smoke you big, end inhale deep, w/ a big grin I go to sl
Is at my house. She's crazy.
thanks! we've been in beta a couple of months.
#LiberalHistoricalFigureNames: Proof that not only haven't most people on Twitter read a history book, they haven't read a history wiki.
Great solutions shared at Assembly Committee hearing on Boy&Men of Color. Now we need to invest! Follow & support
Thanks 2 for putting us at 600. It may just be a round composite integer, but we appreciate it
oh no! and ive been insanely busy too, oiy. and as for your hosting company, whaddafook??
There are two days every month (take a guess) where I experience such terrible muscle and joint paint that my knuckles actually hurt :(
Seattle says they didn't know anything... Something about Pineda's 2nd half stats last year make me think they knew though..
We officially love Dallas :)
i'm seriously coming to your house to swim sometime
- I just saw your tweet :-)! Thank u
Ladies would you have a problem with a man giving you an engagement ring that he had given to 300 women before you?
off to school. I love college, but why do classes have to be so early in the morning. Why can't I be a morning person and a night owl?
I wonder if the Academic Commons at Oxy would be up for hanging an Arduino-based interactive banner designed & built by students &
I can't wait until Summer.
eww and Tranny J is on it too...
“: Spread POSITIVE energy.”
Playing xbox 360
YOUR A.M.A.Z.I.N.G
Excited and nervous about tomorrow night's standup comedy session
Led Zep 3. Long time since I played that thru. Can fit Gods work everywhere & still have room for chores. Nice
NFL Preseason starts Sunday! Come in to FOX and hang out with our bartender Lindsay, and watch the Cowboys take on the Bengals!
Go where?! Haha. This tweet didn't pop up in a convo. for some reason.
Tonight we're @ The Greenroom w/ Waiting for Brantley.
do you have a website! I'm eager to learn more about your show.
Thanks for the follow Billy
#nowplaying Wale Feat. Meek Mill & Rick Ross / Maybach Music Group-Self Made - Play Your Part on Rock Dat Beat Radio (Rock) with
Hahahaha! Love it! #MEAT!!
Oh hahahahah okay girl!
Today is payday. I'm reading CHUCK COLLINS - 90 TO 1. A book about wealth inequality. You know what that means. The poor need more.
ha I'm glad you're takin him, best class I ever took
Can the Knicks win another gme?
thanks! “: Yes! RT : RT : Congrats to & on their SEJ award
To those with monobrows.... I don't usually go on the internet....but when I do... Eyebrows-e
Koch says no data or anecdotes to suggest schools will kick more students out
Sleeping naked >
St. Xavier strands a runner on 3rd, and after 4.5 innings Eastern maintains 8-6 lead. Lefty Britt back to mound for Tigers in B5.
Today Phil's Friends begins building our new database. This will allow us bring hope to more people affected by cancer.
then find where it says <body> then copy and paste the code under the body
Is #SashaBaronCohen shows his face on stage tonight. I'm switching the channel
I agree with you xD!
Joe if that's your name... Get off my Glee and New Directions okay.? I don't like you from day one.
haha calling an NFL qb an idiot, u my friend are beyond brainless! Clearly u know nothing about football
Tune in to WREK Radio 91.1FM for Lost in the Stacks pm. We're rocking out to music from Let's Wrestle, The Wood Bros., Tom Waits & more.
So good seeing you today dear... Hugs:):)
turnin up on some #westcoastshit right now
We are gettin' REEL excited for this Thursday's movie at the Denver Film Center...tickets at outwardbounddenver.org.
Adobe CS6 Release Date 2012: A Guide To The New Features, Subscription Plans and Creative Cloud
"what part of the tree is the peanut?"
Daniel 9:25-To follow Masoretic accentuation or not to follow it, that is the question.
#iwannameet and tell him happy birthday (in 4 hours) :)
Put a sip of henny is the farest I would go
you do, quit complaining ;)
no problem thank you too
FANS being the key word :) Thanks again, and we will see you and all of the great fans in Atlanta on June 4/5!
Cold - Kanye West
The mall was empty. However, everybody in the mall had either red or blue on.
Now taking applications for live entertainers. Next season will have 20 games = 20 shows! Need somewhere to perform.
oh it's okay:))
Shocking. RT : Sorry. I'm drinking gin :) " : Yes, I fixed that already.”"
I know nothing about this sleeping in thing. *sigh*
when it comes to movies and TV what you see on the screen is fact for that story, you may not like it but you cannot deny it
Watching Lion King in french 3. The whole movie in french w/ french subtitles lol.
feeling bad for right now, but I've got plenty of open work on my stuff for anyone that's just itching to make unauthorized pushes
RT : 1 Gig community network in Cleveland enables HD video health care services
Given how weak the job inquires are, it ought to be easy for good writers to stand out and find work. Not that it is, but it ought to be.
its your table lol.... Eat naked if you want to lol
It's super cute when our 2 year old son is asking for "Yucky Charms!"
lol I'm bored 2 and good I had a half day cuz of exams :/. You ?
Seriously Miami, step it up with the music scene. Got some talent down here you're wasting. #kitfisto #north&south
#NFAIS Device profiles vary drastically around the world. Another reason to know your audience.
AOH members Hal Maples and Mark Keever are now BHS candidate judges and heading to category school! Congrats guys!
Thanks Frank! RT : had a great set last night. Can't wait for that new album.
Looking back on my past experiences I am greatfull that God granted my favor & plenty of forgiveness.
#mystrangeaddiction fried pickles,
Im listening to a bunch of Chris brown songs right not. Its so amazing how has change from when he was 16& cute to grown&Sexy :)
no originality for whiteout? Ed, our colors are black and white…what did you want us to do? Pinkout?
Staying away from gossip will set you apart to minister effectively...dare to be a great leader for Christ!
Nice to see the Bee aligning with the forces of good in the food truck war with the Sac City Council.
Try an implicit association test rgr.cc/w82nR9 to determine your prejudice to the environment around you.
happy holidays fellow Pittsburgher! #staysafe and
definitely excited for #Chicago we need to go see the 5 story Ulta this time
Big moment, nervous but hope to come out victorious at the end of the day. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA>
Damn working out is amazing ^-^ Ima be fit for summer doe. <U+2764>
All these girls in this room have tattoos... And thry all hoochies..
I did not know! But now that I do, I guess I can say that I'm reading Soul Music, by Terry Pratchett to celebrate.
Yeah, in fact, they've been publicly discussing it for a while. RT : I think Wikipedia planned this shit.
Wost thing ever. When u tweet somebody like &I get a mention thinkin its him when its some random person Why me! .__.
RT : You're not ready for your next if you're still trying to impress your ex.
oh shit a ladder homes? I stand on a chair homie!
I tweet that everyday *shrugs*
This part you think Apple would have figured out by now… really. The store down because of too much traffic?
We feel like you are fam! "It is not flesh & blood but the heart which makes us fathers & sons." Johann Schiller
yup, the tamales are in the hot deli at El Rey. We had the chicken :) pico de gallo always good bet to go with them.
First say to yourself what you would be;and then do what you have to do. -Epictetus
... Dot dot dot
no. You may be the last Nickelback fan in America. :---)
p-word
Have all the gripes you want about THE KILLING but the cast is great. Mireille Enos and Joel Kinnaman are amazing.
I am in such a good mood today!
Thanks for the follow - it's always to nice to see other local PR people on here!
Following discussion at Women in Science Symposium 2010 Tag #2010wis Wish I was there!
....then the Hans Fogle show in the Eastern Panhandle on WEPM at 9:30 am for more get out the vote message!
Pulp on the radio. Car headed desert-ward. !!
Watching the Skating and Gymnastics Spectacular!
Making a running playlist! Yipee!!
FOLLOW ONE OF THE HOTTEST IN THE GAME RIGHT NOW!!!
Chen wow! 2 k's in the top of the first including Lord Hamilton
thanks for the follow and thanks for mentioning me :-)
high school reunion and of course the Connors
If you ain't got no ass bitch wear a poncho.
“: Cross the line if you always seem to hurt the people that you care most about. And it kills you.”
I've been neglecting twitter for the past 2 days :/
How can ppl say they love college when you have so much h.w
working on some wigs for a production of Dangerous Liasons today - a favorite play AND favorite period.
Big week ahead - recovering from weekend guests, moving offices at work, job interview, undergrad conference, working 35 consecutive days..
As soon as "Ride"came on bytches was thirsty for me and to do the dance EVERYTIME
Go Kona age groupers! Make the swim cutoff! HURRY UP!
RT : All motivation is self-motivation.... until you decide what to accomplish, nothing will happen ~Seth Godin
I notice that really pretty girls have a certain shape to their bodies and just different than girls that have a lot of 1 thing!
...a too-large woman in T-shirt & jeans w/ short-cropped graying blonde hair & Ray-Bans ...Due to my age-forty-five this year...
we do wat we do very well..
lol i would but twitters stupid and doesnt let me follow people :(
Long day tomorrow. Early morning conference call, meeting with , 's bday party then back home to visit with Cali wkd visitor!
Seward was unhappy, but he supplied the necessary credentials, as did Mr. Lincoln, General Scott, and others.
Visit PAEME Promotions fan page (Up & Coming Events, New Music, New Photos)
hey whats up twitter have to get ready for another talent show this week gonna be awesome
Yo U Stay Rockin That Cowboy Gear. That's That Swag!!
anyone else staying at uplace.ca next thursday? happy to offer my little suite up as a mini-hospitality suite as appropriate...
We're looking for a reliable PT Stock associate that can be available on Wednesdays, Thursdays & Saturdays. Looking for a fun #job in #PGH?
same bra i was checkin out the game..
We elected one.": Ironic tweet of the day. : anyone who thinks Christianity is logical belives in a talking snake"
I wonder what Man On A Ledge is about.
Thanks! I'm excited!
how's moonlight
Thanks for sharing this!
what ya up too
Finished 6 miles on the trail!!! And I'm feeling GREAT!!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
I'm watching it now. What in the hell is going on? I haven't seen any of the rest of the season.
Be at peace, not in pieces
#history #museum #historical Tomorrow: Power to the People! – Before the First Snow II.
Too much
Might drop #github and #basecamp for #springloops, ... the UI is crazy nice yo! and it seems to have the combined functionality of both.
Jane it looks like a marriage proposal....using their kid as the messenger.... very cute.
God some girls are bitchy.
David, I hope you were there on day five as well - well done in any case!
Liam is so hot bguifbguo
nothing because he is MINE!!! Lol
Surfing day 1: didn't catch a wave, but managed to get hit in the face with another guy's board. Watch out Slater..Mommy's in the water now
this. RT Anytime you're afraid to try something new just remember, amateurs built the ark, professionals built the Titanic.
its called a blood cloth
Why can't other states do this?! RT : Gov. Shumlin is committed to connecting every last mile of #VT by 2013.
hey steve, big fan of yours! i really like your drumming style :) can i get a follow back???
He's Fine :) and Thats Good! What You Studying?
Traveling to #InfusionCon tomorrow- anyone care to share a cab? Arrive about 9AM
Set rules, build habits: It starts at home
“: When did UCLA Medical Center get named after Ronald Reagan? Good grief.” / new building, a couple of years ago.
I am shy also but will you quit talking about joe like lincoln he is history its richard now capice
I got the rolly on my arm and im pourin chondon and I roll the best weed you know I got it goin on.
Just destroyed arms!! Trying to get tri's like my boy !! Can the student catch the master??? We may never know!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Ha!! RT She's so green, she brings her own Tupperware to restaurants.
stay away from ESPN First Take for your sanity
this week is gunna suck, im probably gunna loose 10 pounds, and literally want to kill myself. but i need to graduate
Good health is merely the slowest possible rate at which one can die
That photo will cause lots of controversy. What mom in her right mind dresses her 3 year old in camouflage pants? Come on! ;)
Tweet me I'II follow 10 first !
#Brewers have had 3 season-ending injuries, 1 DL recently. Don't need ace starter to go down. RT Risk INJURY? Calm down.
Let's get those keys and go!
Classes starting soon! Check out our website at www.TuckerSchool.com!
you should follow
Our pleasure! /cc
#chi town till I die
My mom called me twice today. First to ask me if I had red and black paints. Then to ask if I wanted grandma's waffle iron. No and yes.
forsure! Thanks for the follow!
Can some one please get rid of John Laurinaities on #RAW & #Smackdown #ASAP The guy is literally taking my love for watching away
my last day of work tonight and then im off till friday, thank god
maybe why?
Your love is my drug #Ke$ha
Red Sox 0-4..no team has won the World Series starting the season with 4 straight L's.....not happy at all.
D3 extends congrats & best wishes to: J.B., J.S., L.T., J.F. and F.W.!
#Romney: Three years of #Obama has brought us fewer
Had 40+ people attend each of the panels today. Love being part of an organization that supports its graduate students.
ima START tweeting more
sometimes the only part of life I'm sure about is the part i share with you.
I guess all the major networks were scrambling today to bring us the news, i bet they couldn't be happier
we are not! And sadly, our windows don't open for rooftop shenanigans.
It's raining here! Haha Does feel good to be back though :) : RT : Good morning, New York!
Really enjoyed seeing Bay Area talent Young Bari on 106nPark today!
A generous person will prosper; whoever refreshes others will be refreshed.
Went past the Fermilab a zillion times in Batavia but never knew what was going on there until I watched PBS' "The Atom Smashers" tonight.
All the same! "I got the whole band set up in the basement and we are jamming." - Bach
I wait for love to flood the whole world and turn it all around.
Doing some final prep for #dolehealthsummit. Can't wait for everyone to get here!
"I wish I had an interracial family" -Rube Sheeber
Did anybody else see the model outside of Abercrombie yesterday?!
America, I am only 1 person. Why can I create jobs and our entire government can't create one and are losing 1000's a month???
hope the bunny hops your way then ;)
hm maybe an event to raise $ for an animal-related rescue?
I get paid to sit down and watch time pass.
At frost cupcake factory mhmmm. Maui coconut dream!!
What does US v. Jones ruling mean for the future of privacy and the Fourth Amendment? The battle over our privacy rights is far from over.
So i was almost done w/ my essay i was procrastinating my computer acts up and smart me didn save anythin..essays gone
It does! At one point, there's a meeting across the street from the Watergate. When they drive off, they pass my old apartment.
...Breakfast, work, gym, lunch, work, shopping or movies!...what a great schedule!
I LOVE the bracelet!!
I'm happy when he's around but he's not, I'm lost. We not even together or been talking that long. What's wrong wit me? -__-
yes for a little bit wassup
Private tours can be arranged starting as late as 5:30 it's already booked this coming Friday. We can do the regular tour as well.
My mind is like glass right now! And has just been shattered in to a million of pieces! ~trynna put the puzzle together
VHS went missing btwn 7pm Tue when student worker left & 8am Wed when I got to work. 24 hours later still can't find it. Going mildy insane.
makes me think about the first Psalm
I swag I sag I cook I look I wait I bake Steven Jo goofy ass lol
He ain't that funny. He also failed to make a play that little leagues make. Be consistent Jose.
Thanks Kat, I hope you get some value out of it!
I had one of those growing up. It was so much fun. #childhoodmemories indeed.
Nice+Day=Park:)
Sabrina The Teenage Witch
Awww a big happy family :)
do lottery tickets! Usually about $20.
You're going to love it! If you're not convinced, I can fill you in some more tonight..
Thank you for coming in today. Happy you enjoyed your breakfast. RT : Fantastic breakfast panini!!
Ryan and Tiffany It doesn't matter. I did not give your wife permission to put my picture on her blog.
those tickets for sleep no more are $100 each!
I wish it would feel like this outside, but not rainy. :/
Marzipan and Cheerwine :B
Had my first latte today at work...<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Kk ill let uk what's good :)
Ohh I see what L did there
Some great demos being reviews
EHS is almost sold-out of rooms for Fall 2012! Get in touch today if you still need a space to live, before it's too late! 800-385-1689
Old settlers was fun
Cuddles would be amazing right now.
get a picture of that?
RT : I wash my face in the morning and at night
Just had a heated discussion about gay marriage, I may not be gay but I will support it! Not my place to tell u what u can or can't do.
Students can use cell phones to add voice to a presentation for a class project. voki.com,
Don't run from or avoid life's obstacles. It's facing it and decision making that gets you through it
Where is Tim Tebow? Signed, Crazy Nuggets stalker at Broncos game
#GOP #FLSen candidates crashing & burning all around Florida. Cause the #RPOF is corrupt & GOP brand is bunk
Benefit concert for Colt Greene don't miss it!!
When people do dumb shit
Learning how to setup WordPress as a CMS. So my clients can update their web sites, on their own. Adding more value, from Ed Roper Designs
amen brother. Style and appearance are indeed important. However, without integrity they mean nothing.
you, you said you wanted to.
Yep, fucking get mad at me becuse people choose not to make appts & just show up whenever they please. Totally my fault.
nope Professors make you do a essay or two some Reaction papers and you're done !
Hi - thanks for following Better Wine Guide, now following you too! Keep going with your blog!
Sleeppoverr(: finally its break;)
I know I'm not hot, sexy, or gorgeous; but I do have feelings. Don't blow me off because I don't fit in with u with my looks, like me 4 me.
where's your apartment best friend?
all work no play foo'
#libchat Q3 help and enable the public to be able to record and preserve the meaningful cultural memory themselves?
If I see you being mean to Austin like that. ~Unfollow~ ~Report~ ~Block~
Harriet the Spy and Emily Bronte boards; fun! I imagine lots of activity with books early on...welcome!
you get best costume of the year!!!!!! hands down!!!
#RomneyYachtNames Job Keeler
Karaoke hits for "I Will Always Love You" will be off the charts.
I need to get my Mother's Day stuff together.
But if there's one thing about you that I admire it's baby Because you stay with me, maybe, 'cuz you're as crazy as I am<U+2665>
im charging my phone and getting in shower and off to find this dude in vegas and a whole crowd before this event
Damn they hit me with jury dutie 0_0
thanks, but I hope you mean #WISN12! Lol
#quotes To succeed in life in today's world, you must have the will and tenacity to finish the job.
Woke up before 7 on a sunday without any alarm. Going to bed early is the best.
Definitely like that mix. On shuffle, I'll go from Sam Cooke, to Led Zeppelin, to T.I, to George Strait, Green Day, to..??
Thanks to the Man above for wakin me an my lovely family up each an every morning ...... NOW CAN U SAY ROAD TRIP!!!!!!
I know two other adorable vizslas you could take off my hands, I mean cuddle with, next week
Working on blog...down the rabbit hole!
Some of our ETD folks - Christy Shorey, Bobby Parker (Christy will be with poster and she's also presenting)
look at you tweeting! You're practically a pro in less than 24 hours. Did u stay for another session after the keynote address?
Pam, how did I manage to miss you in B’more? Nice to see you and share stories over dinner, Bruce.
exactly xD and id have to bus it! 3 buses to get there! Fuck that shit lolol
The Avengers comes out this weekend and I dont get to see it :/
The video elevator pitch for candidate recruiting, a great idea.
thanks so much! we are super excited!
think i just figured out revision of a 5-yr old fave story
Omg, I hate doing presentations..x.x
Maintaining good balance prevents injury
The photobooth picture is going in my binder ^_^
Severe weather moving into the Dallas Ft. Worth Metroplex. Mayfest is closed in advance of the storms.
Had a wonderful weekend, including breakfast with Santa at the State Museum and then the Nutcracker at Butler University's Clowes Hall.
Alpha is going well! New functionality coming today: file-sharing, pending connection requests, and adding a photo to your group.
Yay! RT @ RTWsomanyplaces Our plans to TRAVEL AROUND THE WORLD!!! Could two humans be any more excited? fb.me/HGKgysEW
It's National Karaoke Week! What's your favorite song to sing in karaoke?
Playing at a Crawfish Festival this Saturday the 16th! Acoustic solo show at Wines Across Texas in Marble Falls, 5:30-8pm. Come on out!
wow 19 followers in like a week wat i do?
Rotary is educating families on Sumba about sanitation, families can sign up and then Rotary helps build sanitation facilities
Is there an Ethan Iverson sightings Twitter account???
Agreed, hence my attendance at track F. RT: : They should've put track E in a bigger room. No space for this session.
Kickstarter in the literal sense? Lol Like on a motor cycle?
What is this about jelli radio?
is gonna be hilarious tonight with
There are some really impressive bios on Twitter.
$40 to get all 4 of my wisdom teeth pulled....
To be honest, I'll kill a motherfucker.
On our way to speak with some art students from out of town. Hope they dig our city and move to Detroit!
Too bad it's such a sad occasion for which I am hearing so much great Beastie Boys music everywhere
I'm not your type. I'll leave you hurting every night.
Please wish good luck at her cheer competition <3333
you need a snoball STAT!
RT? Curt, HUGE fan. Found out someone DEAR 2 ME has ALS (MGH) - If you see this PLEASE the best direct LINK 4 my involvement?
same here. Missing link for me between Kittler and Murakami's 1Q84.
can't deal with this mess of hair. uggggg ly help me. need extensions or somethin hell of a hot mess
"Three girls, one Cameron." Your innocence is failing you
I picked up some stuff at at the mall today, and I'm really excited to try the tinted moisturizer!!! <3 xx Elle
hahaha sometimes it's hard to tell whether you're joking or not, for seriously?
Happy 5th of July: The day we celebrate our independence from whatever body part we blew off. /via
Ima Leader!!! neva been a Follower...
OMG DENISE YOU SHOULD PROBABLY CHANGE YOUR TWEET SETTINGS BECAUSE IT SHOWS EXACTLY WHERE YOU LIVE
Yay! Tasty success! :)
« i kno i'm fuckin worth it.»
Well hello 6 miles, it's been 2 years! I just finished a 6.01 mi run with a pace of 8'52"/mi with Nike+ GPS.
Did you know? That when a director does not want their name associated with the film, they use "Alan Smithee". Try and IMDB him.
Pitching wins again! Britt Burns pitches well for the White Sox, but the Brewers are better. Nice win!
gm out this morning at mondawmin bus circle until 8am campaigning join me if u can votehenrybrim.com
U went mia again!!
lots of prayers going out to my stepmother Noriko and all our family friends in Tokyo and Yokohama!!
Community Yoga is only $7 per class! Come get your yoga on with Susan H. today at 12pm at our South Miami Treehouse!
I think planely is a great idea. Find out who your fellow passengers will be before you get on board.
Don't forget to #vote today! If your going Dem let's go !! If your GOP may I recommend that Abe Lincoln looking dude.
Beat the heat and come in to Paradigm Gardens today! Your outdoor plants are going to be thirsty today. Remember to water!
I think just doesn't understand customer service, which is very sad. I would not recommend them to a friend.
Trying to adjust to the time change! :-/
Lifting up young men of color means healthy boys and young men to support women & girls. Follow 4 updates on improving
I didint go to church...mane fuck that shit.... Evil lives!!
you crazy, girl!
I dnt get ppl who grow up knowing they got asthma n bronchitis and still sit there and smoke O_O lol
I wore boots today that were two sizes too big...pedal still to the metal for ya.
On a scale from "dancing in the streets" to "getting the hell out of dodge" how are NYCers feeling about "credible terrorist threats" ?
HAHA oh Lordy, I wish I was there to witness that masterpiece :D
Amber Rose had these chicks going bald... Nicki Minaj had them being barbies.... Who gonna have them going to college?
Patricia Smith reading one of her poems from "Blood Dazzler"
r u coming back to GB?
had a wonderful time learning more about your incredible #business! Thanks for all you do to help #seniors & their families
k thinks he sees y but it isn't y. it is an itinerant hypnotized by his travels and stories.
Follow back please?!
are all of the pics you post through instagram taken with your iphone?
Timing with in English class>>>
What a beautiful afternoon!!! You are welcome - I truly tried my best to bring back the beautiful Miami weather with me!! Heehee ;) ;)
My best birthday present would be to work as a fame monster @ AC tomorrow please call Fuji Film, tell them to cast Dustin Hanna
I hate when people don't believe me.
The Unions lost the recall primary...will they try and recall Tom Barrett as the nominee? That's what you do when you don't get your way...
I feel like I graduated yesterday .. 2 years ago tho ? don't feel like it .
Whose ideas was it to put THESE 4 in studio and do a halftime show with them????
one year ago today. we were officially named "iconiacz" rt if your proud to be one. <3
Rick, your kind words move me. Your quotes inspire me. Thank you so much for YOUR support. Wishing you always...
No matter what you choose, you cannot lose.
That you? That would be the clearest pic of you in the history of cameras.
Officially an amputee as of 6am.
When I take off my headphones, I don't pause if I'm listening to Dragonforce, because the song will still be going when I put 'em back on…
so cute!
G'day, then #Cville. I see you've decided upon fog as the morning weather of choice. I cannot say I approve, I'm afraid.
In ROTC today, asked if she could "touch it" ;) but she meant my mohawk.
I don't understand it must be me
There is an happy hour tonight If you're free drop by. I'll be there 6-7. Love to catch up.
Heavy sole playing tonight at club "x" with kink Ador!! 10p! Come out!
when is the wedding can we make bc the best lady
Our next two shows: Friday August 5 @ Uncommon Ground in Wrigleyville, & Thursday August 18 @ Fitzgerald's in Oak Park!
True Love.
National Storytelling Network announces 2012 National Storytelling Conference, June 28-July 1, 2012, Cincinnati Marriott at River Center.
My moms still not home from my aunts house O.o
What does it mean that 50% of the #popcon opening keynote panel went to Wesleyan? Maybe we could all sing the fight song or something.
Robert Benchley~ Drinking makes such fools of people and people are such fools to begin with that its compounding a felony.
whatever (pushes you away)
#abqgeeklunch today noonish at anatolia doner kabob. Be there or be not filled with delicious greek foods
Glad we can help!
yeah the only reason id have out a Lebrick uniform is if I ran out of toilet paper...
Okay, I guess I'll go to the grocery store now.
I need me an fwb. No accepting applications. :)
NINJA ROCKSTAR NODE.JS HACKER/HUSTLER WITH 15+ YEARS .NET WEB-SCALE CLOUD EXPERIENCE
Dude, raise your minimum to scale.
Ugh.. I love it when boyfriends let go of your hand to grab another girls ass... Thinking about becomming a lesbian.
What is up with this weather!!! 90 degrees two days ago, and then this weekend I am hearing it might snow??? -.-
So does a league doing everything it can to remove head shots bring any sort of action against Brodeur after his comments?
You know what would be awesome? If Valley View wasn't as hot as a crematorium.
Would you like to be a guest Personality? Have you always wanted to break in to radio? If you're in the Tampa Bay area let us know.
we better throw down when i get back
If CU does not close this out...Embree will explode...watch and see
Its Jerseyday and this episodes bout to be 2 live
“: "Life is a game in which the player makes a fool of themselves" -- Violet gets all the best lines.
new song. it's unfinished but i'm currently very proud of myself :3
you know it's both! ;)
Saying "Beer can" with a British accent sounds like "Bacon" with a Jamaican accent.
dear vegitarians, if your trying to save the animals,why are you eating thier food?
Can't just wait for opportunities to come... Have to make them up.
glad to entertain. I gave up on the crochet to focus on walking. How are doing creative one?
Watching Once Upon A Time from the beginning
I'm buggin trippen on you - Justin Skye thissong has been on replay al dayy
Hey lady!
Our Hoedown 2 is on April 20 and we’re already getting our country on! Listen to the winner of Best Country Song of 2012:...
May 2 is a day that changed #Mpls history! I'll be live at the site of the Washburn Mill explosion at 6 to show how 1878 still affects 2012.
"Can you get me tix to the 'GARLIC' Storm concert?" - My Dad, proving that his texting skills are about as good as his taste in music.
Your welcome :]
It Exercising Programs
what a beautiful photo of you and your boys. Stay strong. You are in the thoughts and prayers of many.
Ladies first. Pretty ladies sooner.
most likely on monday
I root for the Yankees when they play one team only: AlQaeda
Seriously! Was there something about September that just invited it in, and now it's spilling over to October? Sheesh.
MJ is my idol! THE BEST ENTERTAINER OF AL TIME!
your denial amuses me.
i could have been active on twitter if phones were allowed in college!.
Happy Mother's Day to you!! :-)
Another debt crisis weekend - we've been here before many times -on the brink -now closest to the edge. Europe has to step up to the plate.
“The 16 and Vote Global Campaign” from Global Youth Justice Champions the Lowering of the Voting Age to (16). and
“: Time for Grilled Cheese” I just ate..but reading that has got my tastebuds all horny and whatnot..
All American Combo Sat. Special at Acme Hotdogs! Add some tasty Onion Rings & Creamy Cole Slaw! South of 161 off Cleveland Ave.
A fun way to kick off the week...Dinner, Drinks and Monday Night Football!
Nap time w/ #oomf would be okay.
Congrats India...#Cricket offensive juggernaut Team USA Grant Nieland is coming for u next year
No. I need to, but the same fear applies.
www.dogster.com is great! Thanks for the heads up!
AMERICA MESSED UP BIG TIME!!!! your perfect and should've stayed, will always be a #Skoutlaws love you <3
:-) "groupie alert" I dig!
does comcast kansas city carry universal sports network
Haha, okay. Good! Tell her that you're "blessed." Lol.
Can we kick it? Yes we can. Can we kick it? Yes we can. Thnx bug jar, tap & moho for a great night. Luv ya Rochester
lol come with Nickyballz,he'll be glad to have you over :)
I seriously don't get people that cheat. IF YOU AREN'T HAPPY, LEAVE. Save everyone some hurt and quit it before you hit it.
Crazy Bitches of Comedy this Friday at Jokerz Wild in CT. Come laugh your asses off with us !
On my way to Georgia...
such a flippin alcoholic If u give me something for my bday, just give me liquor. That's all I ask :)
They crucify him today because they wish to silence him. But they better get ready, because Sunday is coming.
he may need a buddy, I'm afraid of roller coasters.
I will not calm down! Women are allowed to get angrier than men about double standards.
You're welcome! RT : I'm officially addicted to #eBay thanks to
Although great interview w/ , is it fair to label new batch of acts Grand Hustle 2.0 tho.
Congrats ! Kill it in the NFL!
oh do you just love socks
:'( I'm NEVER getting a visa to #Pakistan, now! :'(
“: #GreinkeSaga updates are some of my favorites. i LOVE talking about talking! #brewers”
you and need to come to soon! I'm not worried, can hold his own.
im so ready for #BlackFriday 2mar !
Been busy! Tis' the season I guess
RT Shelvin Mack scores his first NBA points. He has five tonight for the Wizards, including a 3.
We're still looking for a few great startups who need help with #billing. One year free plus mentorship. DM us for details!
I love a good snap shirt.
They should have given you the other kind of mug!
7. Sleep! Researchers have found that getting less than 7.5 hrs of sleep each night is associated with an increased risk for heart disease.
it hasn't changed ;)
If my memory serves me correctly it is 's 25th bday today! Happy birthday to my brother from another mother! Miss you :)
yay bullpen :( ... i thought we fixed this 5year+ problem
#20ThingsAboutMe #16: I was philosophical BEFORE facebook & twitter. lol
I swear, socks go into purgatory at my house between the laundry and my top drawer.
so you want him to give me the dirty cookie? :c
Going to eat an <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+008A>
Thx for content, twitter help :)
Bitches should already know not to get on my bad side
Good morning shugga, I'm going to sleep. :)
Bored at work, someone text a hoe!
Tried to explain the Leeroy Jenkins joke on the Daily Show to Eventually gave up.
Crap, what movie should I watch?
what kind of red? Like a bright red or gingery red?
Our goal is to get links from anything that is an authority, says
Music to my ... Thanks !
Maryland Statewide Tornado Drill - Wednesday April 11th, 9:45 AM: Statewide Tornado Drill for Md.
aye watch it
u know i will xoxo
R Kelly - Love letter
Home at last. Now to fix this junk computer.
Don't sink, start swimming.
Work flow. . . well rested.
Its pouring rain.. /: and I have school.
that was a Ma$e line.
7812 st charles
thanks homie, u think Spurs cover +7?
so bri wen do i see u again !
heard that one before :P
now taking appointments for Atlanta June 4-6
Thx RT : “Calling local artists! is looking for large scale art to display in their restaurant. inf
College Station says Thanks for Poised Creation!
— Which album?
In what alt universe does the Promise Ring + Dropkick Murphy's hang out & drink beer together. Oh, wait, that was Turner Hall last night.
I'm at Met Opera seeing Faust and they had to stop the show. An actress fell down stairs, I think.
I have decided to walk through this world as though I already have the resume I want.
Thank you!
Sorry for the delay, high maintance, I'm not sure if I can go I think I might actually be in DC that weekendRT I texted you -_-
no dress codes at
We love James Maslow is trending... Like it!
Love she motivates me to be better.
Wow! Thank You so much! :)
didn't realize asking a ? To was such a travesty! Love ya C-Webb but your facts were wrong
It's funny, when the own son doesn't support the father!!!
- Thanks for the RT!
These bitches just dont know.Haha they say errytime i open my mouth its bou them SIKE usually when i talk its bou me & my bitches not no ...
Ok, just saw independent #HDMI Eye Pattern Test for the SilverStarlight6, 15 meter cable &... it's the cleanest eye pattern I've ever seen
am I "young" enough? ;)
have you read all the books?
2012 is 100th anniversary of RED SOXs Fenway Park Griffin Museum is exhibiting historical photos I have 5 pics included OPENING 12 April 7pm
#CenturyLink is #heretohelp on Twitter. How cool is that ?! with your questions. No need to dial a #1 then, 6,4...
Heres to not sleeping tonight.. Excited for President Obama's speech!
that's... quite convincing actshually...
Sick and in bed watching Tangled. *sigh* what I wouldn't do to have someone to hang with.
So, brunch in San Fran on a Sunday? Please give me recommendations!!!
how long have they had the new set up on twitter?
huge 3rd down sack. Nice plau
UPDATE : debut CD "This Is Where I Wanna Be" available on iTunes, Amazon and CDBaby December 20th
"To be persuasive we must be believable; to be believable we must be credible; to be credible we must be truthful." — Edward R. Murrow
thank you:-)
Santorum is on the cover of the flagship of deadtree journalism for the gay community--The Advocate-- The party is over.
Monday #Marketing Tip: Show off your expertise! Invite customers to ask public questions on your company's Facebook page.
:3 I know
Busy day at Ocean Park fighting crowds to see Panda's & Sea Lions. Tomorrow will be many steps to see Big Buddha
'll take Brockers. And be ecstatic about it.
OBAMA 2012...I've got his back and he has mine!
my sociology class is easy but long
Missed our best offers of the year? We've got them all week long starting Monday at 10am.
I didn't think that sentence would ever leave my mouth. Plus, apparently they play "Smelly Cat" on the radio at 4:30. That made my day!
Due today = Do today
YUP ...need i say more??? Neh...god ish though!
Of course they did; as Blackmon & Floyd get taken from them. Funny thing is, no other team had him that high. What we know?
I hate waitin
If someone does something for you, have enough curiosity to say thank you.
Is slowly slowly coming out the cave of obscurity
Just walked by two skinny freshmen all dressed up talking about how they're on diets. #excusemewhat?
Never settle for the path of least resistance .
Dear #Groupon users: thx for doing what every person who purchased Cinetopia deal is doing--waiting til the FINAL days to redeem.
can I carry on a frozen turkey for my flight to visit family over thanksgiving?
Ha. Humble swagger. More men need to have that.
great show last night in Cincinnati, Ohio. Digging your sound and message
here's my number. So call me maybe.
Me too. I blame Perez Hilton. And Pinterest.
I am loving you right now. Thanks for the info.
when do you come back??
I got weepy bringing Lucy to get a minor procedure done this morning. Hormones or just true love for my faithful buddy?
Q: Has baltimore's massive investment in law enforcement paid off? You be the judge.
What's your thoughts on SOPA?
do u have cavities
BEFORE b-e-f-o-r-e not "B4" we speak english not bingo.
Don't ever take a fence down until you know the reason it was put up
NOW HIRING INSTRUCTORS!!! Dance, Yoga, Hooping, Clowning, Aerial Arts, Acrobatics Look under Employment on www.TenacityCircusArts.com!!
Believe deep down in your heart you are destined to do great things. ~Joe Paterno~
Nothing beats playing with poppers. <3 #FizzyFamilyForever :) <U+2665>
lol,funny guy!
Jaime is looking for new in-ear headphones. He left his old 700's in a jacket and washed them. Any recommendations?
Blessed is the person who is too busy to worry in the daytime and too sleepy to worry at night.
Awesome, I've cancelled my sugarsync payment and am signing up for Crashplan. For the same price I can back up my whole computer!
Looked like Justin said I love u to Emma stone
Q: Under what circumstances is #LinkedData useless? A: Whenever Data Representation, Data Access, and Data Integration become useless.
May is right around the corner...any guesses on what our May Pedicure Special will be???????????
ANYTHING yu have to say to me direct it to ME NOT twitter cuz the state of mind I have right now TWITTER WON'T SAVE YOU
How has it been a straight downpour for this long?
I can only tell a person something so many times before I show u
Life isn’t worth living unless you’re willing to take some big chances and go for broke.
Fucked a bad bitch last night...... Titties was nice lmao
its like 7 pm & yet the sun is still sunny. #ilovethis if only it was warm :\
Tonight! Levittown Pennsylvania ! @ St Pauls Church! For more information and dates visit us at www.Facebook.com/lifeasaghost RETWEET IT!
Running a 10K (the Cooper Norcross Run the Bridge) with Danny & Scooter tomorrow! I'm so glad to be getting an extra hour of sleep!
breh wen we first started talking really to each other wat was i
What's insurance gonna cover/cost?
hey le
i would totally hang out with you, but Nirvana
Don't Play W/ My Money & We'll Be G's
"what does Hawaii look like again?" I introduce you all to
Need live guitar added to your track? Get at me today
Comparisons between cj Watson and bartman are stupid.
The absolute fundamental aim is to make money out of satisfying customers. – John Egan
Still 2 hours left of the anniversary party...stop up and say hi!
Dropped off the new issue earlier today for you!!! Let me know what you think!
What Makes You Beautiful.
Congrats to a May grad! RT : putting my #EMAC degree to work, no really, accepted a big girl full time job today
yes I just got done filling out the app for GB. Man I would love it there.
prescriptions must've expired? On the last day of the season. Haven't heard a peep about Barton for a while now
Someone yelled "PENIS" in the lunch room and all the girls yelled "Yeeaaahhh Buddy" lol :-)
Happy Nurses Week!!! Are you looking to be one of the nurses celebrated this week in the future? Call us at (888) 682-2761
Panda Express is always delicious. Never have had a bad meal from them
any questions? ask away!
My poor rental #fordfocus is covered in sand!!
First day of the fair! Come see me at the KSTP building for at 3pm!
Just want to go home....
Lindsay Lohan before she went craycray<3
Ringo's Mexican food tally has officially begun.
I love that i cant go to sporting events until may 7th...i didnt bring up how i was grabbed by an admin tho..soo
people will say that until we lose. always do. they're just jealous of how well we are playing this year!
I am so done talking about this!
I look like everybody else LOL
Go vikings on monday night football
just watched your video on YouTube about Cena. Great promo as always. That's why your the peoples champ.
Got my Mega Millions ticket y'all! If I win I'm gonna say screw being Governor & call it quits NOW! Also will buy a new toupe
Because i will fuck some shit up if shit gets real!..
Why does our school always smell like fish?
The dog got mad because I went out without him. So he ate the pile of bills that were on my bed. How sad. They are just a pile of pulp now.
At the 2010 #WHCD, President Obama threatened the Jonas Bros. with Predator Drones if got the wrong idea about Sasha or Malia. Really.
:) much love, wat you up too?
Thanks Geoff! Was a great day :)
Tips to be de-friended on the book: 1) post pictures of your ultrasound....
I say Let's! Talk soon RT still want to do event over there with you too
Nevermind, because I remembered that Google knows everything. Thanks for always writing. Your jar-egg story comes to my mind often.
wouldn't doubt it...sorry again...I love ya :-)
I answer to 'direction' like its my own name.
I ok'd the post, so it should be up there on my blog.
is boggled by the fact someone decided that RECIPE for iced tea counted as food porn. Cuz thats cooking, all right.
I have decided I want to be an assistant to a celebrity. Leads will be appreciated....:-)
im good thanks :) xx
No way, we need more of this!
Sorry I didn't get on at all yesterday. I'm sick so all i did was sleep.
Sublimes coming to Alaska!!! ...while I'm at Bonnaroo.
#Congress: “Please do not cut funding for #afterschool programs, they are desperately needed by the #community” –Janis
Anyone else have a hard time getting stories critiqued? How do you handle it?
Thanks for the great post!
Looking forward to seeing new and familiar reporters at the Portland Business Journal event tonight
Good day my loves, I'm so tired packing boxes and moving stuff last nite. o you don't know, Bone & I ran a youth program in my community 4.
YES we call it mr. Cougar and it is HILARIOUS
Do your emotions ever get in the way of your writing? Are there songs that are too emotional for you to write? Is there such a thing?
Thank u God cause I needed 2 hear that. You are a #awesome God as always :)
ain't that the truth lol
LOVE IT RT : You are the future. Expect to see you on #TEDMED stage RT : Fantastic seeing
New iPad review will be out shortly! I think I did a much better job this time!
Another long week ahead... In the meantime enjoying a mellow afternoon @ home with family and friends.
We’re running some specials this week: 3 Inch Drawing Knife.
I hope my homie ok he was so drunk da police was so drunk an saying anything to da police I was smart so when dey said you can go I was gone
What's everyone doing for New Year's Eve? Trying to find a good show to go to...
s/o to goodluck at tryouts, we can do this gurl ! <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A1>
Must get to my iPhone...I think the Kardashians (the 2 little ones) just walked into Zankou Chicken
Us too! RT Learning about Google for Nonprofits and Google+ at
Durham is wild right now!!!
Oh yes it is...
Absolutely incredible finish to EPL season
Really Rangers?
Delaware, Florida, California for starters.... Game for anywhere else next
Hi glambert! thx u the reach out!, am working on this new material...when done I'll get you a link and the chart! Best, Tom
Thanks for the mention, makes us think we must be doing something right on Twitter. :)
re: StudyRails: it could work to help with study skills: G8 online planner for techsavvy student; nomore filofax!
Exactly! When teachers show an interest or need I am able to deliver Just in Time PD! Relevant & timely!
. thanks for your opinion. We do not agree. I will leave it at that.
Cool! I will have a PDF form but I want my main oeuvre to be a website– recreating an experience.
O, I want to know what it is!!
I agree with you Shon and it wasn't right either!!!
I'm pissed, I'm bored & need sumbdy 2 txt
BRILLIANT RT Your mother was a hamster and your father smelt of elderberries.
Loving the therapy collection Go Go!
KXTN I SURVIVED VALENTINE'S Day Event!!! David Lee Garza y Los Musicales, David Marez, Javier Galvan, Jesse Serrata & Marcos Orozco!!!
Didn't go to the yearbook signing thing yesterday, but now I want my freakin' year book.
I approve.
Who wants to see Sudden Death! made into a feature? Musicals are 'in' again, aren't they?
STAY CLASSY DETROIT! Check me out Monday 6:30ish on the Paul W Smith Show
Before I depart to the spreadsheet mines, join me in wishing a very Happy Birthday
August is upon us! Start preparing for the new school yr with an exciting hands-on project that will get ur students interested from day 1!
happy thanks giving to you n your fam
For the next 5 hours swing by Deli Zone Lodo and get the deal shown here: $6.99 Meatball Mania
Yes, but what *kind* of beer? :)
haha, i'll always will be ;)
#Padres up by 2. Let's do this!!! keep it up!
ok so that didnt work.
WHEN ARE YOU COMING MY WAY H-TOWN
Just finished a Great Leg Workout today! Feeling like a Billion Bucks! #REAL MEN TRAIN LEGS!!!
There's a lot of new artists out...hot beats. Hot beats don't make the nigga nice. Tired of saying that. A lot of wack niggas out there.
I may not understand much about media, but I understand this: Giants/Packers = 45.1 million viewers vs Golden Globes = 16.8 million viewers
For my graduation gifts, everyone should just buy me merch & concerts tickets. Or give me a shit ton of money so I can do it myself :D
hi there :)
Great to hear! RT First Fridays #rva, killing it in this month.
an yes your both very wonderful women with many outstanding qualities :)
Thank you so much!! I appreciate it!!
Château La Conseillante '05 was my favorite from Sat nite A beautiful Pomerol, young but drinking incredibly well. Worth seeking!
gotta love a warm rainy day with all the windows open...perfect.
Erin Andrews weird leather sleeve shirt better not bring bad mojo.
Canadians or not, they are fellow MLSers. Representing our league well, boys.
"The Most Important Question You Can Ask" - is it Friday yet?
I love it hear in Vegas, not sure if I am going to make it back home to Oregon. This is just a lot of fun here.
Come to Chicago, Illinois please u nd iconic boyz!
that sounded like a commercial for the song !(: haha love you Pey<21
surprisingly enough I've seen that foot look worse...
Nice! Glad you like. You should check out our TCP - Toasted Coconut Porter - now in bottles. Cheers!
TONIGHT WHEN I LOOK INTO THE SKY, I KNOW THIS IS WHY I AM ALIVE<3
lmao #yolo in the funniest way possible
Excellent. My 3rd best fantasy free agent pickup in my young career behind getting Sproles & Victor Cruz the first 2 weeks of <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0088>
What is love.?
Another BIG WIN for
good morning
yay!! so recap for you: I saw jump up and down and someone else almost cry :)
": #ThingsThatAreSEXY all 23 of my TD's in '07." Quit living in the past bro
Going to a water park! Woot woot! :D
So excited to see you, Dave. It's gonna be rad. Travel safely.
Isn't funny if that if take the letters in Jay Cutlers name and rearrange them it spells I'm a cry baby douche bag!! Funny huh!
The liveliness of literature lies in its exceptionality, in being the individual, idiosyncratic vision of one human being, in which, to...
another one bites the dust.
#LetsGoBucs can't get enough of all these W's lately :)
should Americans be more empathetic toward the poor of course.
": Likely true RT : The Athens FD is going to be very very busy this evening. Douse the Couches! #GoOHIO"
Lol approved my tweet! :)
"Brad Pitts" is the funniest part of the whole thing.
Paul Rudd in the mirror will crack you up so bad. I promise!
Tan Standing Up! Buy Hybrid Tans for $9.99 each(max10)! Buy ANY Lotion $50+, get 2 FREE High Pressure Tans! Buy 30 Mystic Tans for $299!
Now New Yorkers have to wait for this tornado!! What's next?! lol Hope Everyone in NY is doing okay!! Be safe & careful!! xoxo
It's Taco Night!!!!! Mojo braised pork tacos, black beans & rice. YUMM!
Got to rest these aching knees & ankles now. These have to ready for Tough Mudder on Saturday. <U+E405>
Home from PT/on holidays work @ hospital since 7;30am, need to goto sleep asap, but I will eat some lunch 1st. Crazy backasswards schedule
Rest in peace, Steve Jobs. Thank you for the many years of innovation, wonder & enjoyment your intellect & creativity has given us.
uh shy ronnie was supposed to be on with rihanna LAST WEEK
Of course it is, just like some on the left hate anyone who isn't. That word is tossed around far too much.
Can this dedicated Big Baby fan get a RT on her 40th birthday? Best Wishes!!!
lol! stressed are we?
I watched part one of the reunion last night and I'm sorry they attacked u. I think you are so funny and great! Stay strong!
Hi, mom!
not really. Tahaha
feels like the walls are closing in on me
The best you could hope to be is now just a bittersweet memory.
get that toilet ready
break a leg tonight! :o)
The last time we took an OLB from USC it worked out pretty well... #gopackgo #NFLDraft #
haha. I don't really get 's tweet but i can say that I'm don't struggle being a cute barista. Like, at all.
Step One. Ready. Aim. Fire. Step Two. Work In Progress.
LOLOL that's priceless XD Oh, I heard somewhere that the theatre is good!
Ooohhhhh see, it makes more sense in English.
Man, do these negative thoughts get to me.
How to know it's the 21st Century. I'm looking at wedding dresses w/my friend, both of us in our own living rooms.
what's is?
I'm bout to text u
im glad i keep u entertained lmao!
Jane Wells of Automattic kicks off WordCamp Ed Northeast with a keynote address on the State of WordPress
@ the laundromat washing dog beds. The people watching here is epic. And why do people feel bootyshorts are appropriate wear to this place?
Cheers, same to ya.
the CEO of iTunes should be kicked in the butt for not putting SF of #H50 online....so pissed off!
Next friday >
now do we twitter bang?
Not ashamed...must remain a mystery for some!
Always look at what you have left. Never look at what you have lost. ~Robert H. Schuller
If you're ever having designers block just drink a huge glass of coffee, that should get you going ;)
yes, it is. cool. we often the St. Stan's 5k. i didn't realize this existed. my husband will probably want to do it. thanks!
If you get out of bed, the pee wins.
I don't really give a shit what you think.. it would just be fun to know..
They sleep, we drive
I fucking knew it!
Not happening
You deserve to relax! What's for dinner? :) RTAfter a busy day, I think I deserve to eat my dinner sitting on my
Want to treat your taste buds to something truly amazing? Try one of our chocolate iced doughnuts and don't forget the sprinkles!
Ohh my god its like raining cats and dogs holy crap!!!!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
Hey gonna hop onto brb
After the first 6 Locks we are 4-2!
agree however the needs a way to reward the teachers who go above to improve their teaching strategies
Cant*** my fucking craig (not mabbit)
Certainly, I'm using version 5.1 on an iPhone 4S. App closes out when I move backward
Our daughter moved out last night, and is moving to Yellowknife, NWT, Canada. Big adventure.
Well im gonna be tired tomorrow
if you love urban fantasy check out my new book Vanilla's Ladies follow me read my free preview on my blog x
Waltzing sock monkies? Yes please! A Very Phoenix Xmas 6: Our Goose Is Cooked is going to be AWESOMELY FABULOUS!
“: #SO that awesome moment when your out of town friend takes the deans advice for real and #doesntgo”
Off to go shopping for my mother's belated mother's day gift!
Understanding is a wellspring of life unto him that hath it: but the instruction of fools is folly. ~ Proverbs 16:22
if iBought you a Plane Ticket to Paris Would youu Go?(: But i'd Have to Tag Alongg ;D
oh hello welcome to the family
but I mean we are way more fun
u got me!
Can't we just have a Ravens/Patriots rematch for the Super Bowl?!!!! I hate both of these teams with a passion.
!smile me made that aw
#FF Thank You! Dreaming of the Caribbean :)
This is my first tweet, be gentle
#GNG let's do this.
I say we band together and campaign against Starbucks buzzwords!
RT : "Watching Mean Girls" is trending. That is so fetch.
200k iTunes downloads of "I Will Always Love You" since Sat.? Uhm, if you were such big fans, why didn't you own it already?
heehee maybe it was stuck on something last night!
And the joy of it all; when we count it all up; is found in the making of friends.
And a couple funny ones...
CAN I BUY THIS ON ITUNES. ASDJLSFJSG
343: I surprise even myself with this one, but I'm thankful for public transportation, without which I'd swear more and read less.
RT : Q2) It was built with the mobile (touch) interface in mind. Play the game in a desktop and it feels almost wrong.
Thank u
So far today I've managed to put underwear on over my underwear and almost get clobbered by a car. Today is going to be a good day I think.
if I lived in your region, then I'd probably go round some cool high buildings to get it better, it was right what I've done.
Put the States! (:
BBQing the baddest burger on the planet right now at work. MINI BBQ ALL DAY YOUNG GUNS, WILLIAM H BONNY COWBOY NIKKUH
Awesome! I just tested it out and it works great. Having trouble editing the summary section tho.
Also, given that this form is for #UW students, and I had to login to get there, why do I need to provide all of this information again :|
Thank you so much for the amazing donation of a 3 night stay at one of your locations! We can't thank you enough!
I am working 2 videos right now one is being processed as we speak! It's a time lapse video of cars fea. Behind The Sun by: Transa (techno)
it was awesome!! I had a blast make sure you guys come to the cd release April 6th at House of Blues
busy next three days with family obligations. Mon morning, let the grade-a-thon continue.
yea but remember that we haven't done that in 40 years.
feeling like a fat kid after deliciousness at aframe tonight
I HATE BAND
Seated on last night's flight beside David Isay, creator of We talked oral history the entire flight...made up for long delay!
way to nice
One of our stars, Patrika Darbo, was on the "Desperate Housewives" finale!!
glad you like it!
Our thoughts are with everyone in the Christchurch area, affected by the earthquake
Come on rangers 3 more outs
Cowboy artist to be celebrated at Root Beer Reception and spotlight
can't take extended leave from bookstore? Talk to your bookstore boss and be completely open. maybe they'll be helpful.
Seguin / Ovechkin. But it's gonna be Ovechkin. Because it just is.
Later tonight if you're too tired from grilling, drinking beer, and having fun just order a pizza
Happy Day of Cake in your honor . So much <3 !
Fiction is still 1/2 of what they read in Elem. Also, creative writing.
Take pics. Food must be dope!
Life is short, live bold! Be heard, be you, dream big, take risks, don’t wait! ~Misty Gibbs
Practice today at 6 on the parade grounds. Hope to see everyone there.
Man alive, what a week...
Head hurts every time you think negative u need to tell that person what's really goin thru your mind
good morning. I initially thought trolling cuz G responds to most msg of sm ppl he engages/pulls not just pltfm for push
Just cause we fuckin don't make you my lady
read tweets - GI issue they can't help with? I am sorry.
This bitch is going on and on, when I never asked for her opinion to begin with.
Just saw Hunger games..One word AMAZING!(: #Hunger Games
Carbon Sciences Targets $150 Billion Hydrogen Market
Today I'm German.
A fool flatters himself, a wise man flatters the fool.
You know you're stressed at work when a colleague/friend likens you to Darth Vader -- and they're spot on. cc.
#20peoplethatilove #10 oh Dylan, you've always been here for me. You are amazing, and I'm glad I met you. I love you :)
Dear Vimeo. Your music store interface SUCKS ASS.
What the hell is happening at Washington square/west 4th area? Coppers everywhere. Helicopters. Cameras. ?????
Ugh!!!! Three callbacks in three different cities this week! No, wait, I'm grateful...just tired of driving...
heading down to The Weary Traveler for some beers and food - join me if you'd like!
At #CPAC Theater setting up for our 9am screening. Come meet the director after the film www.iwantyourmoney.net/cpac
I'm down for collaborative writing - let's do it.
haven't seen that one - I'll look for it!
Being male is a matter of birth, being a man is a matter of age, but being a gentleman is a matter of choice.
Lovie just got lucky
The under dog
I am planting mizuna this year. Use as you would arugula - either as a salad green or stir fried/sauteed.
God i hate crying...bri
That is so strange! I remember that I put you on there!!!! So sorry - will make it up to you this week :-) U R FAB
Mobile Gaming revenue $900 Mil last year. Russia to spend $800 Mil over 3 years to build rocket launch complex. Chew on that for a minute.
Great performance. The one true star.
yes you can
So we were referential and complex at 7 p.m. By 8:30 were fracking trashed.
CHECK OUT MY NEW BIO!!(:
Bilious Leaf Blower
G.M.N.I.: Cam'ron's Purple Haze LP was a classic. I couldn't give two fucks if you agree. Not a single one.
good work inspector!!! I like their whoopie pie cupcake and chocolate dome.
RT : Let us inspire you! Tweet a destination to with hashtag #travel. We’ll tweet back with tips!
If you ever met Randy in person, He was one cool dude. May he rest in peace.
capitol hill has some GREAT yardsales!
I need to talk to him about that but idk how to...
No one has mentioned Ralph Eugene Meatyard yet?
Avs traded G Craig Anderson to Washington Senators for G Brian Elliott
Follow me ok?
Love the fact that I am going to bed right now!
So nice to meet you today at #pda12 !
Going to golden caraol
lmfao what? Why?!
Since Austin followed, I got a bunch of new followers :P Lol :)
“ The Zodiac Top Difficult Matches: Scorpio/Aquarius | Sagittarius/Pisces | Capricorn/Aries | Aquarius/Taurus | Pisces/Gemini.”
Looking to connect with governance experts in Beijing between May 18 and June 3rd. Inbox me with contacts please.
Just biked home with a 30lbs. record player strapped to my back with packing tape... I'm turning into my father.
Sleepy but I wanna watch a movie wit my mr...:-)
What made you decide to invest in real estate?
my body is glistening right now
Hoping weatherman are wrong about snow coming this afternoon.
Healthy Habits start with healthy perspectives both internally and externally.
hey young homie whatcha trippin on? Said, life's to short gotta live it long.
Don't expect things to be perfect all the time, that isn't how it works.
so much outs here in #plegecity goys
Play "Radar Love" by Golden Earring if you can. Road trip tune.
I don't think BB will last another week or so. He has lost this team. Not saying it's his fault but something has to change!
you go girl!
i have 850 photos i need to upload somewhere to share with people (not FB) - was going to use flickr but its too many. any ideas??
Sure, but I don't see the distinction you're drawing. Gov controls the supply of broadband networks in exactly the same way.
Watching Ice Age in Russian with my cousin because it is the only one I could find for free online.
I wish I could find a way to not be so sad. I miss you Jenny.
just listened to one of the records i did with , I can't wait for that to come out!
“: Bless you Folgers!” // yuck
no its MINESS
Planning road trip across America and trip to Tokyo! Woohoo!
totally counts.
Let me be your one & only forever
well I am now ! Lol.
Thanks David--I put the camera on T, pressed the shutter, fired the strobe with my toe....haha!
Can we gather our own inner strength & live a deliberate life?
Happy Birthday
can you send me that ppt you referenced?
wats he doin at the school
damn you vitamins... you make my tummy hurt.
me too . @ HeathSlaterOMRB you are really hot and i love hear your sexy voice
Kevin Dillon from the HBO series Entourage drives a Lincoln LS
updating my resume again because it's definitely different from 6 months ago.
could you guys follow me please follows me and you guys follow my sister
in da mood 4 some fried shrimp n criss cross fries ^_^
me or JessicaSanchez? ..lol :D que pasa, mi amigo?
Bow-chick-a-wow-wow!!!!
wats wrong :( if its cuz of tht last tweet can u please translate
Ha! RT : um....having a blast watching volunteers set up this sag aftra referendum announcement over some soft ass piano
your welcome :)
In 2nd career start threw over 300 yards when in a passing offense. I'm sure those balls just levitated themselves there.
I dig that Jill. Thanks for that.
Just heard about the EYBL for Texas Pro, Congrats!
Absolutely!!! He'd love it!!! The boy lives and breathes sports.
thanks for sharing, really like #10, great reminder
concatenate RT So, asking for ppl's favorite words. He likes denouement. I'm a fan of ubiquitous. u?
I feel like going out tonight...
do you think we should see what heyward hood and hampton can do, i just think keisel and smith are not what they were?
how u this morning
Tonight!! The Photosynthesizers, Dank D, and Just Plain Sounds!! Swing by around 8pm.
I'll check it out and see what's up.
Happy Easter
#Ihateitwhen people don't answer when I call.
#TextMessagesFromAStalker "what are you wearing right now my lil' vanilla drop ;)?" the usual my #lions banana hammock silly!
Trautmann speaking demographic shifts to effect attendance:what will make attend trend increase?
Has no contact email address on their website! How can I get a hold of them directly?
Considering neither of has millions of dollars (nor cars, for that matter), *no* must be the real answer.
3rd world, real world. We lead sheltered lives & are more fortunate than we know.
#GETAUSTIN2PHILLY IS ALREADY A WORLDWIDE TREND!!! OMG IM SO PROUD OF YOU AUSTIN=) I LOVE YOU<3
thank u hun
Cant believe I'm about to say this... Agreed!
Great quote!!!!
A 7.5 quake hit Indonesia triggering a tsunami Mon. Current death toll: 108. Missing: more than 500. Assessing needs for best response...
Hey Gang, the Chapel Hill plan review got approved!! The Countdown is on...who's excited for our newest location??
I guess I was tired from work appearently and dayum that dream was so carazzy
and tie for pushing my followers into the 200s. Thanks to both!
Eating Special K!. Never knew that it tasted so good until now!.,#Diet Shit is good!!
Next read his THE FATAL SHORE. The history of Australia, and so so so good.
#WeBelieveInAustin I love you and believe in you very much<3
A leader is one who knows the way, goes the way, and shows the way. John C. Maxwell
Tehehe :P nothing much. how have you been?:)
Walk or bike to this Sunday 2-6pm for Double Karma Points & festivities.
RT : RT : Hate less, Love more. Take less, Give more. Worry less, Laugh more. ~S. Sivananda
u the angry black guy at work? Every office needs one
Just got done with my interview. Nervous about the outcomes. I hope I did well. I cant wait to find out
I get it
No doubt.
says that she will have someone on her staff dedicated to writing grants to help fund senior services
#ThingsIRegret Saying yes to my boyfriend and still being in love with my exboyfriend </3
And it smells like someone just shit their self..
Testing the new cell phone. This thing is cool
Wishing all a Happy Easter!
Man #Beyonce not even on the scene like that and she in everyday news. She's the shit
“: Son: "Who do you think will win?" Me: "Bulls." Him: "You're wrong a lot, though, dad."” what a good kid!
man who you rolling wit
ok nvm got it
Can careless. Rubio is not the voice for
I Am T-Pain is the best app ever, omg
Sometimes I worry about what my book notes say about me, e.g., "Jack pomegranate kill."
Thank you!! RT : so much love for the they are just so amazing!
It could have been worse. You could have blown a tire and rolled over. You aren't hurt, just inconvenienced. :-/
hey... miss you little sis... Congrats on 1 trimester complete!
"God is our refuge and strength, a very present help in trouble." Psalm 46:1
writing cucumber tests for my project -- thanks et al...
Do you know? Do you know? Do you know what it feels like loving someone thats in a rush to throw you away?
Follow the behind the scenes creator
nope i gotta iphone sucka! Ha hit me now :)
damn i forgot finalz were this week.. good luck brahhh! btw, how is the "situation"?!
I'm in love with :)
Women are at blame for everything
Max out your company's 401k plan for matching contribution
Thanks! I'm waiting for a call back from Lake Travis right now. Any info on Bastrop?
Game day ladies, recover from last night wth water, bloody marys, sprite whatever you need & get ready for another W. Feels good to win
but that's not how ABDC has ever been. If you look back, all the crews that won TOTALLY deserved it.
Just chilling, I'm
that stuff isn't bad at all!
D-Rob to closer, Soriano & Hughes do 7/8, find another arm besides Andy to start, leave Cano 3rd, Joe in hotseat now
You can have #BV more than once, and even #women who have not had sex can get
RT Our effort is not to get people in to the building, it's to get the Kingdom out on to the streets. -Bill Johnson
That was before the Cal loss, I believe. Lunardi had only 2 Pac-12 teams (Cal and UW). Gonna be awfully tough now...
who takes showers this late
": I will shoot you...a message when I get online."
“: He is jealous for me.” loves like a hurricane
Yea the crazy's the menace.
lol shut up!
I seriously can't keep fucking do this. It needs to stop. Its the worst timing too...
I feel like listenin to the carter 2
Time to go eat
It's hard enough getting a studio to produce your film, especially when the last one they did similar to it bombed at the box office.
Never Been one to Care what others thought about Me or How I live my Life! I'm different,I know that! But that's what makes me Me!
Driving around town today. Find me, scan me and see what I have to say!
In Internet Explorer, NVDA gets info straight from the DOM, since IE doesn't pass landmark info to the API.
Thank you :)
. Listening to the new South Memphis String Band album!
Fact- your everything you said you wasn't fuck.you for that
!!!!! RT I just can't wait to get home so tired
I just uttered this phrase "I'm colormunki-ing the crap out of that graphic." incredibly high praise.
You're not going to like this, bro. But, without any information, Dem women (and some men) vote for women automatically.
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5> I'll be home soon. We have to hang out this week.
lol oh nun
this could be an addiction....
A thousand times: WORD. I can't wait to see what the rest of the year brings.
hey i gtg, but i will ttyl. bye! <U+2665>
T.G.I.F.! Head over to Friday's for #HappyHour from 4-7pm for all the best food and drink specials in town!
Can't wait til next so I Can have #middleschoolmemories and then cry about it
Over 700 members strong! What can we do to grow? More bacon? Yes, please.
Tonight Broncos Official #NFLDraft Party at The Tavern Downtown—The Denver Broncos new Nike Peyton Manning jersey's will be sold here...
it's delicious, even with sick taste buds.
Show still sucks though.
Who's running in the New HD46?
Happy birthday, !!!
like how did I even miss ten points on that fucking test
Wish I could get into these non federal holidays, but I just can't. I'm strange, I know.
" ...and then today I just stopped and said what if I don’t want to be a shoe, what if I want to be a purse"
#followfriday ...We're Back.
i just couldn't take it you're so motherfucking gorgeous
omg my uncle is bout to talk my head off
And a damn fine job it was.
Preciate it ;) Thanks a ton 4 the tour & hospitality!! RT : Good luck with construction!
True you once lived at 330 Rodney St in Williamsburg, apt 4? Not sure I believe my landlord...
thanks Mike!!
You're welcome to send in your questions for CoffeeTalk guest Jason Miles.We're ready to take your calls.
Now if Detroit could get rid of Kansas for me.
Wedding Planner - Stay in close touch with everyone in the wedding party & family with group text updates. www.zesmo.com
Restless Leg Syndrome is a choice.
wow its funny how u wanna try to treat somebody but u dont know how to spell o and by the way awkward is like that not like akward
looking forward to reading it!
mu wins, Brewer tickets purchased, got my keys to the new place
My friend dont think ICONIC Boyz r cool and all but when the come here they are all like"AH ICONic Boyz r here AH!!"
When them ghetto people turn their base on as high as they can and it vibrates what seems to be the whole city <<<
I'm usually at though. But you may bump into me tomorrow. Maybe...
Found out so much stuff about Dade. Apparently my tuition is going to free!
Think this q extends beyond just SM to all edu activities- we need common defs for what learning looks like on SM
Really happy to be playing The Chatham Fiddle Company in Cape Cod tomorrow night! Come on out if you're around!
new favorite store
School counselors--#NOSCA national conference is this Fri./Sat: "Destination Equity 2012: Charting Bright Futures for All Students."
great article.
Is is T-shirt time yet?
I don't know if it's my allergies, but I've been smelling weird things all day.
thanks barb!
hey good wbu ??
#OKC got this...
Fredonia never fails to show me a good time
Aw your mom looks so proud!!
RT : I wish I could wish my Mom Happy Mother's Day, but I can't.... she's gone. Never take Mom's for granted, you only get one.
Thx to for the Follows!
RT it may be speedy but it hasn't been good...“: I repeat: this is the speediest Oscar ceremony for, like, ever. #oscars”
Question: Why do girls go on a date and dress so sexy knowing it turns you on and know the man is gonna want you bad at the end of the night
Wet hair don't care.
Bitch suck dick
actually PBR warms the heart.
I miss you too babe :( congrats on your last tweet about being clean, so great!! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
Thanks for the follow, I will follow back
Definitely a tank top day..... Gonna be 75 where I am headed.... Delavan Lake ;)
Who are you jealous about? xD
danica patrick is sexy, im glad she in nascar she look so good in green firesuit! i hope she can go fast and finish in top 10 or 15
What a great turnout we are having for our Family Literacy Night. Literacy stations + pizza is a great combination.
The Summats, thanks for following!
I sure hope one day I will get noticed one day for my work! :D
You don't have to be a good runner, just an interesting one.
Dinner with Roger, SueAnn & Riley!
Let my people go!
Anyone who proposes we sell psychotic hallucinogens at gas stations & convenient stores is more than a little nuts! Do drugs?
Thanks! RT : Making (bacon) Jalapeño Rellenos ala for the Super Birthday Bowl Party.
I'm having an identity crisis :)
S/O 2 my Big Cousin Socz who sat me down & said shawty dis is a business!!! So since 12-31-11 I'am da CEO of *FrontLin3 Enterprises LLC*
Love it!
and Keith's beer?
Naw its changed ill em you
Did. Thanks
Green Bay lost, yes!
": I can be the biggest bitch, or I can be the sweetest girl. It all depends on how you treat me."
Lmao please don't call me that RT : I WOULD NEVER GET SMART WITH THE CRISTER!!!!
Saw you on the IdeaMensch LA article. Great interview. We would love to be a parter of ecomom!
Time to pick my princess up from school and have a date with a pepperoni #pizza. Everyone have a good afternoon.
Finished "Running Dog". Starting "The Moviegoer".
this working for a living sucks!
These past couple of possessions from the Clippers have Del Negro written all over them.
what chase?
I want to see Dark Shadows again lol. I also must see Snow White & the Huntsman, Argo,&Gangster Squad, the latter two based on true stories!
Hm. I dunno, Chuck Palahnuik seems to get away with it. Being totally fucked in the head I mean.
This lady just smacked me with her fur coat at the Book Thing
yes, when you want to criminalize something make it about protecting the public and/or kids. Marginalizes the opposition.
hey guys, is looking for a Title Company (preferably Investor friendly) in the Houston area. Can you recommend him one?
Had fun at the ball Sat and Sun. How have you been?
Paul Konigstein - Step 3: Check w/vendors to get estimates for upcoming costs (i.e., office equipment, insurance, etc.).
Pinterest is much cooler than fantasy football (fantasy football is lame)
How does a museum's social media personality impact your experience of visiting the museum?
I was called "passionate" at work today. Based on the email I sent that prompted that label, I don't know if it's good or bad.
Lebanon needs Justin
Pennsylvania one of top 5 movie producing states, along with Louisiana, Georgia, and north Carolina
This #Blazers offseason is going to be exciting! Wouldn't you agree?
one day a week of indulgence. Cracked thru to 174 this week!
Too freaking early
I am looking to connect with others who might be looking for a secondary income source. Would that be you? We are grwoing at 1% per day.
dont ever want to hear about how guys need to grow up anymore. girls are way worse, and its annoying as hell. petty little girls
&quot;Dancing with the Stars&quot;: Gavin DeGraw dances out of the ballroom - CBS News
oh okay, i assumed you were new because scramble told me you were a new addition linked to facebook yesterday
#AllHailAle No. 17: Black Snow IPA. Do we get extra bragging rights for brewing outside during snow flurries? They add flavor...
Imperfections make you beautifully unique
I suppose this is why they're unionized? (and sleeper cars are so expensive...?)
Omegle is fun. random conversation are exciting
Vampire Diaries Marathon. (;
just kicked in for the Haiti relief effort. looks and sounds like they need all the help they can get
And I got today off! :-)
Live demo time at #qsc2011 QualysGuard Policy Compliance
anyone planning on writing group today?
Agreed, for sure about Cooke. Upside is that you and I now have something to write about.
Brown skin you know I love your brown skin... I can't tell where yours begins I can't tell where mine begins <3
I love your handsome ass & thank you for that phone call you will always be my bestfriend. Im going to call you when I leave
I miss you to!!!:( I'm cuddling with Taylor's step daughter :) she keeps calling me mommy lol
I can't wait till I move out and go like in California.
Don't become rigid stern teacher. Let participants chat and interact with each other
I'm so excited! If you're able to make it you should definitely come say hi!
Yay! Murder by numbers with my sexy Ryan Gosling :-)
so, you're saying you don't like the picks then
Not close to fallin asleep to excited for the #Ku game but Im gonna need to get some sleep for all that alcohol I'll be consuming
Yep. EBSCO is down everywhere.
Yes. At least that's the goal.
HE'S JUST AFRAID THAT HE'LL FALL IN LOVE WITH US SO HE'S AVOIDING US ITS OK GREYGREYBOO I GET IT
Fact. RT : Garbage cans at the end of the drive through window..
On my bike ride in the haute, saw a highspeed pursuit in progress
Of course I would be!
Little Monsters, why stop now? Let's trend
I am so relieved to have my story on Haiti finished and that the publication loves it. Huge weight off my shoulders.
And Mindless behavior
CAUSE i GOT FREDDiE LAST NAME...
Good morning twitter
Got two amazing series (#crashbandicoot and #spyrothedragon) for free on Plus this month!
Solid masonry? Same as ours, but with much original horsehair plaster. Repairs aren't hard if you have a good handyman.
' lol _ did u erase that stupid heart?
Gon be a hot weekend in south Fla !!! Bred Winners Will Be In the Building!! Leeeeggggoooo!!
The book club I spoke to last night made a list of every food mentioned in BENT ROAD and then cooked most of them, even the dumplings. Yum.
You know what happens when you assume? Run around the house thinking your entire family has been abducted/murdered & they were on a walk...
Just saw John Leguizamo's one man show Ghetto Klown @ the Ricardo Montalban Theatre. It was a blast!! Funny, deep, touching and buck wild;-)
It's torture to smell good food being cooked when it's not yours. Ah!
I should sleep now.. but I'm not tired.
This is my LAST tweet from my iPhone 3GS!
when u coming Boston ma
I wish that I could erase all the pain he's caused me the last few months...I guess the good girl never wins :-/
Our McMenamins locations have event spaces available for your Holiday party. Call 503.492.2777 or visit www.mcmenamins.com for more info.
you made a rebel of a careless man's careful daughter <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A7>
used you guys to move, now have a ton of boxes, do you guys want them/suggestions for what to do with them?
thank you for the welcoming!
My brother doesn't clean his belly button.. #freak THAT'LL KEEP THE SKANKS AWAY!
I got some good people in my corner and I'm greatful for all of y'all 2 many to name
yes. Why?
Struggling with this Huffington Post article that took a dump on my independent study dreams.
. Hope iT Dnt Rain On Easter Mne !
yes that is what I do and I thought you was following me.xoxo :-)
Interesting. So, religions adopted the civil union as tradition, rather than other way around?
Just finished Tom King 1/2 marathon 2:02 better than last one but failed to reach goal of breaking 2hrs.
good morning my love, or good afternoon , whatever you want to call it(: hope you have a great day! <3 I love you.
Expect the best. Prepare for the worst. Capitalize on what comes.- Zig Ziglar
In another time, you'd get photos of Chuck Norris.
My neighbors <<<<<
HAPPY BIRTHDAY 2 U HAPPY BIRTHDAY 2 U! HAPPY BIRTHDAY JOANAAAA! HAPPY BIRTHDAY 2 YOUU!! HAVE A MINDLESS BIRTHDAY! :D
Ain't it funny how that works?
What? cookies? and you didn't share? , what's up with that?
And now... the season finale of Josh Jackson: the college years.
Apparently bugzilla was lying in wait in my SHOWER this morning. Did all the bugs in VA take steroids this year?
what up my dude...u still killin em!!!!
How are you today? Eating any #EatWhileYaTweet (delicious and healthy) foods today?
ooh - oh nos. dare i ask?
That joke never dies
Why does Obama want to destroy this country??? www.bruzzesiforpres.com
Tonight, let's remember you only live once :)
"Flowers always make people better, happier, & more helpful; they are sunshine, food & medicine for the soul." -L Burbank. G'night, yogis.
Appreciate the anticipation for the Galaxy Tab 7.7. We'll be sure to share more news as we get it.
All people are born alike - except Republicans and Democrats. Groucho Marx
Talented and SMART!!!! Love listening to speak about important topics!
HAPPY HOLIDAYS, may they be filled with all you wish for.
Tonight will be bittersweet
Why is True Jackson VP trending? I remember that show...
Join for an event on #branding w/ on Nov 10th held RSVP Today. #Communication Students are #FREE!
MLBPA says no suspension as well.
stupid ass sister forgot flatirons . now my head looks crazy
We're young and in love. Heart attacks waiting to happen. So come a little closer. Tell me those three little words. #BMTH <3
Um, I think we may like for diff. reasons. I take it as a parody of sorts of the style of the so-called "author"
Former Major League catcher (and former Met) Paul Lo Duca doing an excellent job covering horse racing on TVG,
just got home not to long ago....
One thing I know: the only ones among you who will be really happy are those who will have sought and found how to serve.
What if he doesn't change and isn't forced out?
because straightedge
Ha! I was just kidding. I may be crazy but I'm not stupid. Got her a 49ers shirt (she loves that team) a fridge magnét (she
Thanks for the RT! I was really just trying to help you out but I'll take a RT. :-)
Ah, that would be the obligation of celebrity weighing you down. Next year you're front row at the Golden Globes.
RT : I hear Brad PItt is scheduled for the keynote tonight at #fakeDevLearn (I hear he's coming with Jennifer Aniston!)
Aw :) Thanks! You must show me when you get here. By then I hope to have perfected the Momo cookies.
The whole house is shaking. Is this an Earthquake? In Wisconsin? Again?! WTF?!
The one benefit of rain in #NYC is sidewalks not smelling like pee for once.
should've enjoyed '08 a little more. Don't be greedy. Even the yankees missed the playoffs a few yrs ago.
although I will apologize cuz I pulled original info off of twitter, not researching. But blatantly incorrect? So 1fg att, wow
I'm gonna figure out a way to hook my wireless keyboard from my desktop to my iPhone
talk to
Did you know that you can paint brick and change the exterior of your home dramatically?
There's nothing I wouldn't do To hear your voice again.
Very upset about the salmonella outbreak in tuna in 20 states. I really like sushi and I guess I have to take a brief hiatus. :(
#sla2011 The UX caucus is off to a great start! Thanks SLA board!
rt "The first problem for all of us, men and women, is not to learn, but to unlearn." —Gloria Steinem
What happened to the indie festival that First Avenue was talking about putting on in Minneapolis?
just watched The Notebook.... wow, true love is amazing!
Say hi to Justin Bieber for me. Haha ;)
Watching part 1 of the season finale of #Awake. Oh, NBC you made such a big mistake in cancelling this show.
no bunny 0_o
good for them! Thx for the info.
Thursday's Wing Night!! All homemade sauces.. This weeks special sauce: Thai Peanut & Sesame!!
It's funny how ppl say I tweet disrespectful things nd act like they can't hit the unfollow button
Pretty sure the last time I won an allin in a WSOP bracelet event was AA > KK in 2006. Really. And I was badbeat out of that tourney anyway.
My back looks like I was attacked with a knife. Not to worry, just a drunk guy pushing me into shrubs. Effing hurts so bad!
Fiat just can't get it right
Weight Loss diet - Tips for Powerful weight loss
Get with it or get flown over
what you said!
This season.
pardon my swayger.
Thinking of you.
Need a weight loss plan? Train with Elite Trainer Max "The Body" at Hollywood Body Club
they also discovered people make more angry decisions when thinking in german
It was soo cute when Justin gave that kiss too Selena (:
Flipped to "Olympic trials: volleyball". It is MENS and it is indoors. Disappointed is the understatement of the century.
its wonderful:)
racially speaking?
I dont curr of they tawkin tomorrow, cause tonight is the night that I give you every thing, music knockin til the moanin light.
It's Teacher Appreciation Weekend! Tell us about your favorite teacher on our Facebook page and Twitter
FREE show tonight with EleventySeven at Tripoint (281 & St. Mary's) 7pm. All ages! BE THERE!
Josh reddick looks like he has a cold
thx- I read it like 7 times and still had no idea what you were talking about
one glimpse of the wonderful #stan and it all becomes guiltily clear!
hahaa thanks bro. Let's do it
I'm disappointed. I was hoping it was the old school baby beat logo.
Wish we had one of those down here in south bay...
I know I know. I'm such a bad 80s child.
Gotta say it again...haven't been this impressed with a Hip-Hop album in a while...B.o.B's "Strange Clouds" is worth a purchase!
and today, it's all Ohio... tweets forthcoming
It's been more confusing since Kevin Gregg came in from the pen wearing the beard off the Nationals' racing Abe Lincoln
no is it ugly again?
John Galliano Launch Online Store Life has not been too great for disgraced designer, John Galliano, after his anti-Semitic outburst in a
Ugly Xmas Sweater Party tomorrow night. I don't own anything even remotely as disgusting as what I've seen people wearing in Williamsburg.
Weird sinus pressure going on this eve...not cool
everyone has a story but we don't kill anyone or anything
BBY I LOVE U.
lmao show her what happens when you wake christy up from her beauty sleep .. (;
You can get past a dog, but nobody messes with a lion!!!
wow...potty mouth
i wake up at the same time everyday. i need a "crack-of-dawn" kind of job.
Thanks for this Janus! Much appreciate
": We're starting an official petition for an #clubawesome tour!" We Second that!!!
haha yeahh and Louis is a little to old :/
nigga when you turned to the side you had me D E A D. did i ever tell you god bless
Health and fitness is a lifestyle. That doesn't mean you have to be an athlete, but you should be good to your body. via
Exciting things are in the works....
WI is beautiful! Morning's not bad. I still need to get it my booty call, but it's happening shortly :) How is your morning?
There's quite a difference of ages haha xD Well i guess she's in her Silly Teen Age period or something like that.
Weeks bought a suite for the games tonight. U there?
Your the person who called me names when i was little, we went to the same school and yet it was like you never even knew me
Thanks! I think it will be grand - sorry you can't make it!
rock on !
Wow my dads been gone for 17 days and i cancel my plans for him, and what do i come home to him and my stepmom practically having sex
Heard great things about the BioMed program!
you do know its gonna rain tomorrow right?
I should of went to school today & not tomorrow
Lookin for a receptionist for the barbershop get at me
Cisse just scored the goal of the season... WHAT a strike. Newcastle's first league win at Stamford Bridge since 1986. Wow.
nothing beats the breakfast buffet here!
thankyou all so much for keeping the followers coming! iknow i havent been on lately but ill try to be back asap promise!
Freedom parkway is a complete flustercluck right now
“: cherish the memories. The Atl is better with u back in the grind!” Thank ye, sir!!
Inbox full, I imagine. MT : RT : Please submit reactions to today's editorial cartoon to firingline
yeah. Feels great don't it? -____-
Note to self: no retweeting of .. Bad maggie..
the sound I hate the most... The sound of an Alarm clock going off
if i was to sit around & wait for yo tax money... or for you to take care of me... all u hoes a want me...
Thanks! You'd spit it out though, right?
RT : Now following the best football show
Once Upon a Time in Anatolia (2011)
Library of VA needs volunteer help on Thur & Fri to prep for a major mailing (8000+ pieces). Call if you are coming to help 692-3901!
BRO LET'S DO IT NOW
College: Sources: TCU to name LSU's Johnson coach Trent Johnson resigned Sunday as LSU's basketball coach, the announcement coming on th
We must try to do the best with the limited resources that we have.
if it aint another its another
Wondering if all the teeth whitening products I use are voided out by the half a pack of smokes I go through and pot of coffee I drink...
Farewell to a real American Cultural pioneer #DickClark RIP and THANKS
: Follow inspiring artists!
still waiting on it! It should be delivered today or tomorrow. Super excited.
oh, that is evil. i like it. :)
oh definitely. I've been growing it since 6th grade, I would be so pissed with myself later if I cut it short
all about that loyalty says alot
I can't believe school is starting so soon! Summer cannot be ending...
:You performing?
My darling civil union partner<3
Blustery morn, might need a cup of Amber Dragon with a Blueberry muffin before heading to work.
Have a bank of 4 on the 6 yard line and a row on 16 yard line & Barcelona are gash. Stop the through ball. Cant do anything from the wings.
It's Quatro de Mayo... you know what that means?! That means $1.25 Pacifico & Corona and $1.50 Taqueria Tacos all day tomorrow!
Can't wait for Spring to get here! We are all ready for some warm weather and to get outdoors and enjoy the Sun! www.SolisEnergy.com
Have you seen, heard, or are going to anything/anywhere that's "Only in Pittsburgh?" Use the #onlyinpgh hashtag to share!
I will start tomorrow. But it will be more of a collection of my thoughts. I'll have to organize it later.
What's on your Christmas list this year?? Share with us!
Logan Schafer is officially a beast. Too bad the outfield is so crowded cause he might be even better defensively than Go Go Gomez
Thinking about you this morning. Hope all goes well today!!!
Who else is enjoying this weather in the middle of winter? Pretty crazy!
Murmur. Reckoning. Fables of the Reconstruction. Life's Rich Pageant. Document. Green.
Morning. Woke up to some str8 BS, however my motto right now is IDGAF. Therefore I'll continue my normal routine n leave the children be...
And the timing... RT It is funny how Komen was exposed and enable more women to become advocates of thier own destiny.
thats not very nice. Why should someone change who they are & what they like just cause they're getting older? 30 is young btw
i been good , how you been ?
should start thinking what to have as lunch later~ subway? americano? sushi? kebab? what else thou -,-
I'm the cure for AIDS.
#healthtip: Flossing helps remove the debris and plaque that stick to teeth and gums in between the teeth.
food was no bueno, service was just bad
I would second to confirm, that Bill Cosby is right on that, overall!
Oh yeah I love your avi :)
Guy w/ movement bracelet just asked the teach whether or not women could get pregnant if someone jizzed around the outside of a vagina -_-
Ha i love my brothaa , his lil story had me WEAK earlier !
": Sex is an instant cure for depression. So get to it and cheer up."Don't get down get dick
Someone, please send me a pic of Rodgers' sweet facial hair tonight. Too much awesome.
Granger is such a solid player. He doesn't get the credit he deserves.
Plug this all in to a cousin chart... #musttearselfaway and do some
Walked past a restaurant and it gave me a beautiful sense memory of my Afghanistan trip. That was nice and unexpected.
That akward moment When Keeping it real goes wrong.
Making PB&J for the kids - ooohhhhh boy!
I was supper productive today on my day off:)
If I have one more nightmare about prom..
“Rejoicing in ordinary things is not sentimental or trite. It actually takes guts.” Pema Chodron
Walmart was packed.
8-15-12 we changed the date of the mixtape but the song will be on utube soon
We do not own or operate the twitter account.
Boston people are happy.
I cast my SAG Awards ballot!
it was worth the wait. Now I'll probably wait that long till I see the movie.
Going to bed ppl. WAY passed my bed time lol. Goodnight!
Movies with my mommy
was that your first album?!
I hope you're happy.
Well I've never been cut or slapped ill definitely would have to hurt someone if that happened
I thought either she's D-RUNK or her sb is OUT!
me too, also the Thunder are our only big time team so I've got to support
Mainly chips though.
& I know karmas gonna get me back 4 being so cold ...
FB v Twitter...who ya wit?
Check him out! “: Ready for at 7am! Lots to discuss and can't wait. Tune in if you can”
Almost anyone and everyone have heard of these if not one of them
Current read: Claudette Colvin: Twice Toward Justice by
Starting to see some leaves changing. Would like to throw a tantrum-- so not ready for this Cleveland summer to end.
Ahh the Vista Cruiser. I think I miss you most.
Wow. Incredible day. Very busy all day. Huge bottomless thanks to the friends and family that supported us and got us here.
Thank you for the live streaming. Math class just got a little less boring!
RT : "A wise man will make more opportunities than he finds." - Francis Bacon
I haven't been this excited before a men's game in 20 years!!
Bristol Palin blogs with conjecture (and with conviction- a truly dangerous combo). Be wary of essentialism, folks.
A beautiful song! Are you familiar with the 3rd movement of Moonlight Sonata? It's fast and crazy, nothing like the first part!
aww man..today was fantastic <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
Just spent 20 minutes loading the video for The Ballad of Mona Lisa by #Worth it :D
Same here helping a friend move then we will be going to the gym.
YAY for tomorrow!
who's saying shit?
Would you be free after semester to meet up and restart convo about digital humanities at Rice?
We are going down for maintenance for between 10-20 minutes. We'll be back up shortly.
TEENS!! ITS ALREADY GETTING PACKED TONIGHT TUESDAY NIGHT!! THE BIGGEST TEEN NIGHT IS AT CLUB FUEGO!! BLACK TUESDAY! ONLY $5 BEFORE 7:30
it worked last time so... Why not try again:)
Music is well said to be the speech of angels
lol its good to start off wit a joke this afternoon isn't it?
Any happy mac users with an EVO?
it better fit baggy or else it will look like a camel hoof down there!!!
Uh. Come back to austin soon. RT : Move out day was successful. Back in #SanAntonio!
Hello there! :)
if i culd hav a day 2 hang out w/ i think i wuld actually stay home & watch movies&eat candy so he could relax and b normal:)
wait what if i jinxed it
please follow me
okay asap
Great concert by
Country music makes any mood better
new ipod, new music .
All I could think while reading news & notes was, Geez, Larry Drew seems to be reacting to every Doc Rivers move too late.
Kodak Branch of Sevier County Public Library was awarded Friend of the Year at today's Trustees and Friends Luncheon. Congrats!
Happy birthday Nate!
why didnt you tell anyone you were going?
how did it go this morning
Derek Holland because we saw him at breakfast this morning!
happy birthday your so pretty I'm jelly and your only like 5 months and some days older then me haha I thought you were 16
*raises hand akwardly*
Thanks for posting! I'll pass on to the KB Home team. San Jose area, right?
for where!?
I'm really falling for him ... And he likes my lip ring .. what else could I ask for !? :D
Still getting used to.the fact that I actualy have a boyfriend and I know for a fact that he's going to stick around<3
I hope that's true because it's funny.
I just saw you on Inside the Actors Studio with Brad Pitt!!
C'mon !!! You're down by 6... Pick up the pace and beat those #Pacers!!!!
Thanks for the
Lingo fact of the day: “Chicago” is Indian for “place of wild garlic”. That's why the vampires go to New Orleans.
I don't trust these Bitches
Ready for a big day of making the women of Red Stick even more beautiful.....and then seeing our handiwork tonight @ The Best Dressed Ball!
oh yeah. He so did. He totally hates me
Thanks for the follow
In downtown LA, the rule for pedestrians is that they're allowed to cross the street whenever the fuck they want
It was funny because he came out today and said the he was backing same-sex marriage. Weird how things change come election.
Look out at those lights. This is Our City. Come on. The Universe always had a plan. -Vinny Chase
how so?
Ready to see my bean!
People change like the season...staring to like being a loner
Dee Gordon didn't put the ball in play, however, put a fan on the field
Difficult times helped me undrstnd how infinitely rich&beautiful life is in every way & that so mny things 1 worries abt r of no consequence
The thing about the Charlotte Gainsbourg Spotify station is Serge Gainsbourg.
Derrick Rose has missed 22 games (and counting) and the Bulls are in 1st place. Ha!
Working from home today. Got to focus and get it done.
bring on the
That has too much of a one-to-one dynamic. I'm thinking abt the relationship btw user & discovery service (OPAC, Summon, Google).
a good night sleep always rejuvenates
The Nuggets play against the Toronto Raptors tonight at 7 p.m. ET. Go, Nuggets!
Im 22 and on already on the verge of spontanious combustion, but i have tape on my face to hold my smile
Still not as bad as he is at Dead Space.
Happy Hump Day my fellow tweethearts! I'm ready for Thur night bowling league to start and regular season football. Best of both worlds!
Looking for sunshine!
no I do that all the time
i have to say I rarely have problems.. but if a server is down i wish they would just tell me!
Fed and state taxes done in less than an hour. Why I waited until today to finally do them, I don't know.
Is that talkingg about him ?
It's funny hasn't even left yet and we're ransacking his office :)
Robin Hood.. Sorry.
- Hey just followed you from Karmalicity!
RT "A professional writer is an amateur who didn’t quit. ~ Richard Bach"
It's gotta be nice when you only have to swing at balls over the middle of the plate.
Started looking at Lady MacBeth last night...I'm more than kind of in love with this role.
loving Skype today. Making work easier. Not sure why people fear IM.
I love you & your dad, Colby.
I am always doing that which I cannot do, in order that I may learn how to do it. ~ Pablo Picasso
hey. Your beautiful. Just thought I should let you know.<3
I agree. Just wanted to go with this years biggest pitching contract.
Any one wants to Chat? 8]
oh..Nick has a girlfriend?? ...oh..
i dont see any in your prof picture....
how? dude im so grounded its ridiculous..
Vegas odds give advantage to the Hawks by 1. Vegas must not know the Truth.
Been reading this book for class tomorrow and it's making me sleepy... but I gotta stay up.
Poll question: Who's the biggest blowhard? Dylan or Ed Schultz?
I know it's hard to find someone like you, but I hope you know it's hard to find someone like me too.
im so proud of, 8 million views in 1 day ? thats freaking AMAZING :) i love you so much. PLEASE follow me ? :) I LOVE YOU
I loved you. You never loved me. That freakin' hurts.
Thoughts of a Giant, Heart of a warrior, with the Humility of a Child of God!
R.I.P. Tim Cuprisin, Milwaukee Media Columnist
What movie scene moved you more? John coffee being electrocuted or Michael jordan stepping off the space ship in Space Jam?
Excited to start working on an entry for #2011NextGen competition for ! Should be fun
I'm ignited
#3wordsofAdvice lose my number
Taxes done. Muffins in the oven. A glass of wine and a book in my lap. Good night.
Yes and another fond welcome to tweeter !
omg really?! Well I LOVE Asking Alexandria and Capture the Crown :p x
Adding a "We're shutting #Clipmarks down" email to my collection. Appreciate: "thank you for being part of our journey."
very nice fish, Coach!
Chocolate with dark chocolate frosting?
Damn it, Jerry.
Is it just me or is everyone and their mom on their periods this week...geez Louise grumpy people er'where
Agreed! Congrats, fellow new grad!
Vijay: This is awesome!!! Rleating the Polaroid shape and Wikets is brilliant.
Finally back in LA! Y'all don't know how hyped I am to get to the barber shop in the morning!
I hate it when people confuse me, its so annoying
Hello 3.5 day weekend so good to see u again
thanks! What do you want to read about more?
Money coming down path for #startups? Number of PE & #VC funds closed YTD at 70, almost 2X all of 2011.
The purpose of being here is to understand and share experiences. So, I'd like to exchange perspectives.
Sounds delicious! Can we join? :)
Hey girl, thanks for the follow..happy Friday!!!
Two weeks from today I will be in Hawaii!
Did you two reserve your Hawken name yet?
I am ignoring my Google Reader because I know it is full of interesting news, and my brain is just too full right now!
Well, yes, there is that.
We wish it was here! Enjoy the sun, Robyn! :)
Appellate Tip #2 from Judge Ripple of the 7th Circuit: "Roadmap. Have one."
did you get to see the #Avengers this weekend?
Night of Joy at Disney this weekend.
The weather is crappy but I like today. I think ima go watch the Katherine heigl movie later on.
29 mil from just last night..it's breaking records
Hope y'all having a good day, I am... Haan
CLAS Human Rights Film Series starts tomorrow at 7pm
J Lo damn you...why are you so pretty?
No problem! I'd thought of the triads but not the 7ths. I have the 2-Octave major scales made. I may overlay a few.
I thought that These Snakes are Hot performed very well yesterday.
Just can't sleep!
Pausing to put it all in perspective...
My Alli gals, I miss you all!
not DVD but is sell-through dead?
Love and peace should always outweigh revenge & pride.
“: #ImHopingThat every weekend will be as good as this one” so true.
The Juicing Mobile will be back in action starting tomorrow :)! look for me on Farwell btwn Brady and North, as always loc map to be tweeted
Who's is rocking next
Kenneth Faired look like a bitch
i need to vent
Just thought: If I'm running from cops, donut backwards into a spot; no way to kill my automatic headlights so I get caught
Summer = Half Naked Season
Today Mann,, it Was Crazyy(:
Everybody loves zayn, he's a very attractive young lad..why wouldn't you? LOL XD
I will go down with this ship, I wont put my hands up & surrender, there will be no white flag above my door. Im inlove and always will be.
#betascape added a new sponsor last night - will be providing all of the awesome pizza for Sunday's CreateCamp
At the primier
looking for an infrastructure guru for an enterprise solutions architect role in phoenix!
Soo...Who can help me to bring to following me? :)
Damn McDonald's packed
So proud and honored to be an American after watching the movie "Acts of Valor".
3553 steelyard drive cleveland it is right next to the Target store in steelyard commons.
In the studio like always. Droppin hits in Milwaukee,WI. Come holla at us people.
are you having sex with doug right now?!? Why aren't you retweeting me yet!
“: may I suggest a guitar duel instead ?” Totally. We'll be Ralph Machio, you guys are Steve Vai.
Thanks so much for the RT! How is your research going?
Ifs sorry!
Am I really that needy? I mean, I do everything and then some... not asking for a lot.
Dual platform; by the same co. as Jing, so they work together. I haven't used them together, but looked into it last year.
I listen "turn my sag on " because im so happy :D he following me and tweeted me :D
I know Doan isn't dirty but you just can't hit someone like that. I don't think he shouldve been thrown out though
Mmhmm bet your coach ain't your hero now!
that scares me for real lol
what channel???
Thanks for including San Diego Mag! Looking forward to tonight's chocolate dinner.
But data are an ever-expanding part of journalism & strat comm. So necessary to teach & learn. Gotta find way to amp 'em up.
RT Off to a productive morning compliments of from wish I cld find Baltimore's best brew in SF!
Looking for clinicians that would be willing to come to a rehearsal to share their knowledge with young musicians ages 12-21.
Hennessy heir to pay 'Jamaica 50' visit - Jamaica Gleaner
Robert Bloch~ I have the heart of a child. I keep it in a jar on my shelf.
Thanks for the shout-out! I hope you enjoyed the presentation!
Delicious looking photo! Our guests are really loving your ice cream... and the salty caramel is a firm staff favorite!
I'm taking this weekend off for my birthday. Yes, I am. Really. Check with me later. Dammit!
do u happen to know if the support for IE is coming or are they just dropping IE support?
What episode are you on?! lol I finished #6 this morning! lol #outtacontrol (:
awesome news Mr. Anderson!
I was thinking that it's cool that there are designers in the bowling industry. It's an industry I may consider down the road.
We're at the hillsboro farmers' market until 1:30. Come say hi! Main street and third ave.
yo chad if calvin johnson is mega tron then you are optimus prime!
no, you don't need to bring a partner, i was just wondering cause they had a one person and a two person deal
avoid DirectSpace Networks. shame on me for 1) lack of proper research and 2) being too poor to afford proper hosting. live and learn.
Reports say Obama wants to raise taxes. He won't intercede to get congress to cut spending but he'll take more from us. Outrageous.
And It's Wednesday already! I feel like the weekend was yesterday.
I got home from the hospital on the afternoon of the 12th and am still sore and tired. update later.
If you're reading this, you should be following me back.
Lmao RT : I could give up on partying, but I'm not a quitter.
Bynum needs to mature. He's learning the same bad habits Shaq did.
you need to start singing some "Jesus Walks" by Kanye West.... :)
I was gonna go get my nails done but my mom is dumb!
i live right by there.
FC All bst FREE E-BOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited Time offer Contact
Yesterday omar texted to jazmin papisit and today i texted daddyfun omfg our dumb typos
think about what your doing.
not to mention parts were shot in the same room stockholm syndrome was
I frickin love Dance Moms.
ordered new Marc Tweed designed t-shirts for The Family Curse this AM. I think these are gonna be my most favorite ones yet.
Just thinking back to pre-frosh weekend what feels like years ago... :)
To know grace and then to give mercy and to love others. That is what changes people then the world.
thanks, Kathleen LOVE LOVE LOVE Prevention not Prescriptions site!! You totally rock for creating it!!
Tamron..your're trending...Cudos to you!
Thank you Jessie! were recording our first album in June so we'll have plenty of new material coming your way!
I mean I'm winnin but I'm still bored
you make sure you follow and for the lastest steelers news. RT to everyone
Here we come, Toronto and D-Hoo!
Vip table Friday night with .... Vip table saturday night with
Amen!!! Church!!!! RT : I'm not where I need to be, but thank God I'm not where I used to be.
trip to the mound already??
Thanks for
Review for: SoundHound 8. How to find out what song is stuck in your head
ManU Report: Plaque for cricketer D’Oliveira
box me yo number
Kwan-Tzu~ If you give a man a fish he will have a single meal. If you teach him how to fish he will eat all his life.
my Klout thinks I'm an expert on mortgages. I have no idea why.
did someone say you were?! If so.. Who? I'll beat em up for ya(:
No, but there is the traditional shaming my mother for using too much tomato sauce.
Love it.
Very important to question assumptions if this wonderful planet is to survive us - the "intelligent" ones.
Do you consider yourself a cannabis consumer, cannabis patient, or cannabis activist?
Reading a paragraph in a book over and over because you're too distracted by something else.
hell yeah! agreed.
THUNDER UP! takes on Houston tonight at 7PM, with Kylie Morgan to boot - that spells a great night at Whiskey Chicks!
Bring it on! :) RT : is everyone ready for week two?
Action speaks louder then words. Its not what you say its the little things you do that count the most
And a good morning it is.
we still chillin later
People are strange
nah uh.
Who wants a $50.00 off any room only on Sundays? Just DM me your name and addressee and we'll mail it out and a pair of free passes!
i miss u<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A>
Omg, I'm scared O.o
The lockdown at Oregon MS has ended. Students who were taken to Rome Corners Intermediate will be bussed to OMS.
one month. <U+E328>
you went back ? -_-
Kim's tweets are starting to annoy me. Stop retweeting her dumb shit. (-_-#)
God gives you pain to make you learn how to be strong. Stay positive, never give up, & always be grateful.
where is here?
its supposed to be windy
in a basketball traviling team!:)
This world was not created to satisfy your soul. Live for Heaven, and God will throw in earth. "Seek ye first..."
The difference between a goal and a dream is a deadline. What is your goal? Deadline??
wish I saw this!
everybody's waiting to see you break down, everybody's watching to see the fall out.
I miss mi amor
I miss the old 1D family :(
I'm so hungry right now.
If You Don't Know Me . Don't Fuckin' Judge Me .
Tj is has crazy drivers!
I think she was yawning but it's much cooler to have a Vampire Dog than a Yawning Dog.
Mom: "may the fourth be with you? HAHAHAHA! GET IT? FOURTH?! FORCE? HAHAHA!"
Heal well bro.
Watching 's Dance Dares in Study Hall!
hey lady! are you going to DCLX at all? wanna maybe carpool and make a day (or two) of it?
IBM Multi-Touch Smart Floor Calls 911 When You Fall [VIDEO]
Happy Valentines Day lovely friends!!! Wishing you much love and happiness and many kisses, here's some from me!!! xoxo
Is U.S. news afraid of science? Still no mention of the discovery of synthetic #DNA showing #Evolution on its own
after im done laughing, Im going to have to put you in timeout! <U+2764>
omg thats horrible :-( I went through a lot of it too so if you need anyone to talk to I'm here for you
That shit is dope! Yea I got sum in that lane. Gimme ur email and I can send a few n see if you like
#20ThingsAboutMe i dont want to grow up
#keekeekeehahaha will be the new national dial tone.
Just read a magazine and now I can't wait for summer!
Texting the same person all day and night and never getting bored just because you like them that much(:
Falling asleep to music >>
One title per weight - yes, per division - no. Too many champs right now
I think you are correct.
I will check it out. Been running low on easy shows to watch while I work. Out of desperation, I've just started The Palace.
I really need 2move (4 several reasons) but mainly 2get off this slow ass, creepin ass, lurkin ass M train! It's top speed is 0.845 mph. Ger
This new movie will feature stars of the stage and screen singing classic Broadway tunes from the past and present.
Happy Friday :)
WTF!!!!!! I like a natural woman but fa real?
Who are the people in your life who make you laugh and smile the most? When is the last time you told them how much you appreciate them?
well, thanks
Prof just called the NCAA the "n c two a"... No.
So glad that in my neighborhood most of our neighbors, especially those right next to us, are great people.
Sporting a SONS OF ANARCHY t-shirt with pressed Wranglers is just a bit confusing.
is amazing :) #saysomethin is amazing, his voice is amazing <3 #mahomies are amazing <3
in NHL 95 quickly skatin around goal net for wrap around shot = goal every time.
#LT not sexist, just dry humor
I'm not drunk, seriously.. I think it's my app
Sick of the war on Southerners. Its only undignified if those who think it is sit at the table.
M's need another scrap-heap lefty. gotta be a reclamation project in the day-laborer ranks somewhere.
#nf now following!!! :)
There's a DJ at my job who needs to get laid, FAST. Hurry before he gets himself hurt.
you don't even know I exist, ha.
Worked out! Third time this week! Trying to make it 5!
Need to add some spice to your holiday party? Pair a Dundee Festive Ale w. a spicy salami and salty cheeses for a quick and easy appetizer.
I refresh, get current content, then just big jumps, e.g. 10:14 then all the way back to 8:30 w/ nothing btwn. Prob a hiccup.
Scooter please can Justin Bieber come to poland? I love Justin Bieber so much.
you just totally set yourself up for potential self-hatred.
you can shoot it at me any day
#Incendies is one very powerful film.
Tip 1 for succeeding in China: Secure a joint venture (JV) partner in China.
thank u
Virgo = worry tendency
Lol I hope so may've stolen the show @ this morning's #ibmimpact general session Who wasn't googling their site?
So much for "Love your enemies"......
Lunch isn't coming soon enough.
Inane waffle.
It is my birthday!!!!!!
and are you bragging? ;-)
interested in your own custom piece? email me
happy holidays to you all! here's to a fun 2011!
Enjoy RT : m Sushi time excellent
I #love it when the guy you like tells you that you look amazing.<3
Gotta too much shit to do today
I see
really where that at?
people are really LIVE on social sites, but quiet AF in person.
Melvin couldn't trade for an above replacement level SS last year, think he can now?
hanging in there ! chilling watching the Heat game and yourself ?
Good morning to the best followers! Have a terrific Tuesday!
Ben and Jerry now sell a "Bonnaroo Buzz" ice cream? I know what I'm devouring a pint of this evening.
You Make Me Feel Like I'm Livin' A Teenage Dream The Way You Turn Me On!. <3 My Favorite Song!. :D
twitter finger syndrome!
People changing everyday..shit is crazy
Congratulations Ross! So excited to see the show! Hope all is well. Xoxo
Dear music, Thank you for being there for me in my times of need! [= My ears love you!! . . .
lol, 4 sum reason the courvoisier made me hear Carey Hart, Pink's husband. Carey/Kevin same difference!! RT : rmb
hey Guy! Hope training is going great! & I gotta get you to pose at our show one year! ;)
You cooking it?
Groundlings Jamboree, I'm there!!!
Up so early. So much to accomplish today. Like going back to bed.
Hello, Mango update. You are a sly beast. A lot sneaked in to that .5.
I love to give homemade gifts. Which one of my kids do you want?
Do you have a facebook? :)
It's nice to meet you, too. Which convictions do you mean?
hit me on FB inbox
Good day sweetie:)
there's nobody in the White House to review positions on the markets before they are released? speculation is part of the market.
GOOD I NEED TIME TO SAVE MONEY FOR ALL THAT MERCH I NEED THE SWEATSHIRT
Hold onto your hats today!!! A wind warning is in effect. If you see or hear of any problems, damage, power outages..let us know !
lets go giants jets suck
Sky rockets in flight, afternoon deeliiiight... Ahhhoo... I make fart noises with my mouth
really.? What happened? Lol..
OMG . RT : #youresowhite your windows have blinds AND curtains.
Thanks for joining us for the game last night. Always good to add big #skc fans to the mix.
it was a no brainer.
Stoners tend to congregate.
Even though I feel down and out, I am still blessed. My situation will get better. I believe that...do you?
#IThankGod for five boys who have no idea I exist, but I love them anyway. :)
You know I aint lyin. The world would be a better place if we labeled a #ChickenheadTweet when we saw it and unfollowed.
no not married I guess that's just an expression and I am in Boston
great, stay in touch Mike! ;-p
Thankyou to everyone who's been spreading the word, you guys are great!
For the first time since we launched our site, we had over 1,000 unique visitors today alone. Thank you DFW! Only 9 more days
Thanks for the follow!
ah! i cant wait :)
I owe an apology. Even though he hates hockey I went too far. Thought it was funny. Wasn't even Jimmy Fallon funny. That's bad
Make sure you smell nice and clean before you go out to dance Salsa. Nobody likes smelly dancers.
Check out the new tracks on the band page! http://www.facebook.com/lastseendead
I'M ABOUT MY MONEY WHAT ARE YOU ABOUT???
thank you! xo
Cold? Stop by for some hot chocolate, coffee or a hot loose-leaf tea and warm up!
Ipads are mundane :
Can't do yoga next Sat - I'm cooking at the soup kitchen. The Sat after for sure!!
Baby makin project
Just got my teeth cleaned, and my dentist said they looked pretty good. Celebrating by eating caramel candy.
I'm waiting for the 2hour Allen Bari road to a bracelet special.. What the fuck espn?!?
Hm is this anger, frustration, or finally that familiar feeling of I don't give a Fuck?
Its going down. Celtics down 3 with 12 seconds left
nothing wrong with that
IM SO EXCITED TO FINALLY SEE MY BESTFRIEND NEXT WEEKEND!!!! #twitterless Qarch Hawk <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
“: Someone just did a pacemaker cover in variety pops ” haha hell yeah! How was it?
You should come to Florida u have alot of GRANDers here! (:
Ramblin' acupuncturist settles down! I now offer my services at Myo in the Triangle or comfy East Side Studio, Mon-Sat.
Thank you, Kate, we really appreciate it!
"um," "like," "and, um," "um, like" and "so, like" seem to be the most favorite words and phrases of the South Campus kids
: Thats right! I'll have my ppl call yor ppl
Watching the Simpsons in Spanish class..... Ugh my Spanish teacher is a freak
all sweat and tears
thank you so much Marion! ... I am truly honored! Warmly, Jeris
foxnews' top DC host/anchor/correspondent... pretty big deal. sure looks like him.
RT : "[In education], asking if technology works is like asking if a library works." - at (cc )
Mind you, I don't think it can be achieved any time soon. The road to communism is socialism, our short term goal.
I think they went for the "classic" approach this time.
going to be sick!
Guess we did a good job in raising money for the theatre. I want to thank everyone for the awesome comments and the super standing ovation!
There are over 7billion ppl on earth And ur going to let 1 person ruin ur day? DON'T #Dont -_-
Pen died at the beginning of my meeting.
Fine words from on destructive elitist designer tendencies, the power of empathy and why clients aren't idiots
Need an ISP anyone know of an alternative to time warner
What Caleb Hangme completes a 28yard pass to Davis
missing something
Awesome! Thanks!
That annoying moment, when you realize someone else is using the pencil you lost.
saw old footage of you in the dunk contest the other day- didn't realize The jet had bounce too! Lol
KAPPAS KILLED IT!!!
you look hawwt in your profile pic
have to remember that im doin this for two now <3 to my girl C.M.
RT : RT : Twitter: Telling you when it's about to rain since 2006.
we hit the lottery signing Gradkowsi @ QB! TERRIBLE!!!
Just saw on CNBC Adobe to cut 680 jobs #itjobs,#tech,#cgtpa,
A huge thank you to for sharing her spoken word at Samaritan Ministry's HIV/AIDS Support Luncheon today!
When you're so distracted by texting that you accidentally try to swipe your debit card through the subway turnstile.
hee. thank you. i did save it on my computer so i can read it sometimes... but i won't air it. *G*
what will it takes for the Miami dolphins to compete in that tough AFC east?
You are limited to like 15 characters because of how many people your tweeting
Can somebody with the "new" Iphone 4s ask the personal assistant when the F*&K the iPhone5 is coming out!
Just ordered a TON of FREE stuff to hand out to all of our supporters who come out to Dancing in the Streets May 15!!
I need someone different ; you know it, oh oh you know it
BARACK OBAMA WANTS TO MARRY A DUDE!!!
Couldn't even score 2 goals against a hapless Villa! I thank your Spurs for losing me money!!
I'm doing well! How are things with you? Did you start your fall semester yet?
& , 2 of my fave bands in the same place & its 21+? why would you do that to me? what about your 18+ fans in nyc?
I asked God to protect me from my enemies and then I started losing friends.
Remember when outdoor garbage cans didn't have wheels? And were metal?
Looking for a good time tonight? Disco San Andreas is guest teaching at 8pm!
Bubba Watson = no swagger
Me TOO
. Bad writers.
OH: "im not getting in your van and I don't want your candy" from
Omg! I thank for showing me who is. He is the sexiest thing on earth :D and is youtube vids are amazing! <3
Fuck yea! Go Cowboys!
I'm craving a swirl cone from frost bite....
Wts funny is last time I tweeted bout her. U replied
Got an apartment. Now waiting for those job offers...
If u knew what I've been threw u would understand y I make the choices I do
will do broskki
Hope everyone liked the Adworkers Super Bowl Tweetup. Thanks to everyone who participated tonight.
I think im just hungry because I'm bored
honestly I love guns....unless they're in the hands of Dick Cheney,we're hunting and he needs a heart transplant.Sorry.
Damn...stuck workin at school bingo for 4 hours! F- ;A;
I'll take a listen! :-)
#PeopleLikeUs TRUST OUR DOCTOR..
They used to be called jumpolines, until your mom decided to play on one back in '73
RT : Watch for the kids this morning during National Bike to School Day.
We're underway for CLIR's "Archives for Non-archivists" training. We have 10 CIC librarians digging into boxes at
Fans out here in the center field bleachers are heckling , but he's ignoring. :)
Don't you hate when you just wash your car then within a day a bird decides to use your car as a toilet
#NF: She Hella Dope. n she keep it G.
Someone made a skout of you !!!!! Or is it really you or is the person just taking your pics from twitter ?!
Gwen's wiping my ass tomorrow, cause I GOT IT LIKE THAT
The dr is in!
Some people just do not know when to close their mouths.
We sure do! DM me your address and I'll send you some. Only catch - you have to tweet a pic when you get them! :)
Born on this day in 1824, CSA Gen. John Crawford Vaughn, who saw action at First Manassas, Vicksburg, & in East TN guerrilla fighting.
Why do I always get my phone taken away in the middle of a good conversation?
RT : Talk to me! Talk to me ! Pretend you ve come to see me. (naturally)
Judge is giving the jury instructions in the sentencing of Michael King - man convicted of murdering Denise Amber Lee of North Port
yea pretty sure I got sme
RT : $2 Drinks? Yep Download app Buy for $1 & Redeem for $1 &
what does muffins have to do with spiderbites!
and I rarely curse. : You too?!?! RT : Here comes my potty mouth as I watch this Knick game!
lol what do you mean rude??
Lifeboy turned into an aggressive rager with Fish screaming "God never listens to what I say" over and over, goin' nuts.
So much for sleeping in on Sunday...been awake since 4:30am...
A 100% or NOTHING!
is back on the anchor desk after a long hiatus--- it feels pretty good!!
I reckon Portland were a little bit louder than you...ONE MORE TIME!
Twitter+the snowball effect: more people now talking about R-Truth trending than the reason y he's trending in 1st place!
I tried giving the bunny a beard but it just didn't work.
Loved Adrien Brody's portrayal of him in 'Midnight in Paris.' Did you see the show of his works at Philly Art Mus yrs ago?
had a blast playing the Kookie Neighbor in a spec commercial for SNUGGLE w/ award-winning Director Elena Shpak. www.amandabrookelerner.com
"Quit talking to our goalie!!" -scary black girl lacrosse coach
Jungle Jack Hanna will showcase some interesting animals today at 12:30 and 2:00
yea, just Sun & Mon!
You are so welcome! I'm so glad you enjoyed it!!
You can't break a heart that's already broken and can't mend the one you broke if you don't check yourself for the the problem first <3
Finally feeling better!!!!!!
Also don't mind test-tasting different wines.
My lip and my ears hurt so bad. But that's what I get for getting 4 holes in my head within' like 10 minutes. Hopefully sleep will help! x3
I have sand in places no one has ever visited!!
#NUTS A5: Favorite travel show is No Reservations Anthony Bourdain and movie motorcycle diaries.
when Jesus said, "I am the vine, you are the branches," was he talking about kudzu?
Last day in Ohio..then back to Cali for our show at cheetas this Thursday!!!
Sweet dreams.
I stand with M.I.A.!
Going to post up a new drawing I made for a friend hehe :D
If you play like McGee is right now, then yes I do want you to play like him...
Are you homy? RT this if you read it wrong....lol
i love bonnie and clyde!
lmfao damn i need to quit school den
Use a VitaMix Blender with coconut water as the liquid base...or milk. Milk actually mixes pretty well with veggies. Try it.
Back from the gym.and I feel like I had a half ass wrkout bc my mom was low key rushing me... She wonder why I dont invite her when I go :(
Hey, any investors or venture capitalists out there, I have ideas, concepts, stories... the world needs their telling.
Hope it went well RT : 8am poster session for on Transition Care partnership w Chicago
last night before summer and you are no where to be found...you aren't where you should be right now
You can see I get away. Way up here in outer space. Welcome to my get away, I lounge on Mars.
ha that sucks
What a thoughtful monarch!
Top of the morning Twitter World!
#Joomla! newsletter headaches boil down to this-new vrsn restructures key tbl, adds new fields but install pkg does not update existing tbl
Who's got time to think that up, much less type it out!?
LYCHEE green tea from - can't wait to try it!
At #NCSL in San Antonio, hanging out at the Brady Campaign booth. Stop by for some candy and information.
didn't expect that. but ok
dude, still have my mind blown from our meet up yesterday! 6 years ago I would have NEVER met a "stranger" on a whim.
Im all tired!
More #TopGirls table work tonight with
Good luck! Close it out strong! Give us a heads up next time and we'll get a group out to cheer you guys on! GO RAMS!
Sadly, Donny Deutsch is right... "Slutty is the new Black".
TIRED ..GUNNA HIT THE BED xD not literally hit xP goodnight tweeterz xD
I need a celebratory smoke session for not being a mother. #SmartDecisions Woot Woot!
That depends. Did you wave your hand at them and repeat your request?
<U+200E>(2/20) School is cancelled for all Incline Village schools.
8/16/2010 40 Top Marketers to Follow on Twitter Cool Marketing Stuff
Omg these cool sheets feel hella nice on my hot sunburn!! #firstworldproblems goodnight tweetloves
I need Star Control II in HD. Well, 'need' is probably too strong of a word. Reallyreallyreallywant. Yup. That's the right one.
What about shenanigans?
that's unfortunate
people always got to talk behind somebody back
My dad, texting me a telling detail from the unnervingly warm January in Missouri: "I just mowed my lawn."
religion is part of the 1%. but we might have enough religious hate in this country already...
What a beautiful day <U+2600>
Tell your friends!!
I agree it is sad but I do think the networks jumped on the stories with a competitiveness I find a little sickening.
haha nice! Thank you :)
Its not often u see a tweefer from the most beautiful girl in the world.
June 10th bout too be stupid TU
yep, that's the one.
Is there anything that's closed that CANNOT be open? says it's just a matter of will and interest.
they work now?
but im already following you! No luck then!?!:(
perks of living in a city, food delivered to my door
Last #EDU11 session on deck. Thanks to the program committee and the EDUCAUSE staff for a great conference experience.
Wish i was a teen in the 80s.
I laughed :)
I love turning the bass up all the way up in my car and putting that on. My sister and I sing along <3
MANY THANKS whose BEAUTIFUL photos will be featured on for "Dulce's Ashes" - a redemption story
Hi! thanks for joining me on twitter :)
appreciate you passing along our article to your followers!
Last night was awesome! Thanks to everyone who came out!
Will it let you generate multiple QR Codes 4 the same link? That's the clutch one to track diff campaigns...
Your annoyingg go away.
I might cancel my prom
You're most welcome love. Glad you and kitty are purring soundly now. :)
My prediction: Prince to #cubs or #mariners, 8yrs, $180M.
Looking for guest bloggers, week of May 13-19. Any takers?!
Woo hooooo! Thank you :)
i have 699 followers again, lol.
kinda.. I joined like a month ago but I couldn't figureit out but I know how to use iit now and I love it! LOL
Yes! Find a cowboy, Mary!
So tired! I still need to vacuum and I want guacamole and chips. I think tired is going to win out tonight. Guac and chips for bfast it is!
Not at all. I don't find bi-sexuals offensive. I guess u do. I'm making a point. I never chose to like women. I just do.
lol LONG DAY of dancing i start volleyball monday aah !!!!!
followback,Is Awsome related to Watch The Office Online
thanks. If you missed it, catch it at myfox9.com. It's called, "An Old Fashioned Rescue, The Sequel."
I'm a dick, I'm addicted to you
Yep I will
Lost in LA, a teen novel about a girl dealing with Inattentive ADD while trying to survive the rigors of school and the mean girls
It feels like I havent tweeted in a while
Do you follow (or write for!) a great fitness blog? We'd love to hear about it!
Congrats to , head of Ford grantee , who Time has named one of the 100 most influential people in the world.
SAME. my sister is at a party in jersey and im home and i LITERALLY CALLED HER AND NOW WERE LIKE SDGKBARSKJBGAKRSBGAKJ.
Thank you! We'll get something to you soon! Thanks for your support!
are you in k201?
Ive always wanted to be in one! where u from?
I feel like John Wayne would have attended Texas Tech
Time to get down here and warm up with 2-4-1 EVERYTHING from 5-9pm. Also, make sure to check in on Foursquare and get a Free Powers shot
Wish a band I knew would cover 'It was almost love' from Muppet Christmas Carol. In love with that song.
Love! RT : Success is a tale of obstacles overcome, and for every obstacle overcome, an excuse not used. -Robert Brault
Princeton is just amazing.....like that boy is gorgeous....u just can't say he not cute....that's not possible <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A>
have fun! That's what this city is here for!!!
As things stand, my world only gets better if Chelsea win CL.
safe travels
All this sun costs SoFla residents a premium, so I am pleased to report it's beautiful out! How are things across the pond?
Our rooftop deck is alway happy to have you!
Watch the successful teams out here... They all screaming WE not just me.
": We gonna pray for no surprise speeding tickets in the mail. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>." Ha I HATE those lol
kid you need to learn how to answer your kiks..
Theo is the only fair trade, organic chocolate maker among the top 15- based here, great product, supporting growers Woot!
I want "Revenge" and "Scandal" to overlap like "Magnum, P.I." and "Simon and Simon."
golic was getting a burger when #nd scored
I wonder if Morgan Freeman will be too busy narrating his own birthday party, to actually be able to enjoy it?
haha sorry bro
!cool ?really
thanks for teaching tonight! Class looked like a blast!
Happy Monday.
OK 1 message to the chancellor sent in support of #occupythefarm - it's a GREAT idea for the east bay. here is email
STOP TALKING!!!!!!
no problem I know u gone do good b confident n I know u studied u have nun to worry bout ...da bal n yo court now
not surprised
It all depends on what you order. Their goulash is excellent, for example.
How many tweetbot users are there in total?
I'd be more excited if they were coming here and I had tickets haha
Swag..!!Can't get no better than that..
Nothing to wear for k-8 day. *shrug*
I dunno who u is, but I'll #follow. Are you an actual tween, or just an tween alter-ego.
anyone from anderson mill/183 area going to BASHH tonight? gots someone who won't come unless they have a ride. are you up for helping? :)
im so excited to see you! #iloveoctoberalso and
Missing the love of my life ....
Saying goodbye to Cindy Lou today. So hard to lose you so soon. I miss you every day. Until we meet again.
Before or after you join us tonight, be sure to check out the openings at , , and SOFA Gallery.
“: The biggest obstacle between the and an undefeated season is the texans inthe superbowl #GameDayMorning”
Tonight is Brit Barton's exhibition The Icarian Sea at Red Space Gallery. Please join us from 7-10pm
6/27 at Galaxy CDs. Both and 's summer tours are merging. Support your scene, this will be fucking big.
A quitter never wins but a winner never quits be the winner at all times. Happy Sunday :)
Wow. I'm watching game film from a couple weeks ago and this broken play turned into 2pts. That was a great way to attack a 2-3 zone.
thanks for the GFlash# description. You may want to look at
Behind every strong Man stands the back bone of his strength his Women...
I can teach you the ropes of working the nightlife for some cash money.....
Ah school. :/
New Hampshire man charged with fatally shooting 31-year-old Marlborough man while hunting last November
up late and have to be up early to meet someone about a tree
Waving from the Terrace level! Lol
Excited to attend the NSF #Cyberlearning summit tomorrow!
Manson reborn for 'Villain' - Toronto Sun
Just won a free pass to at #wwcode front-end study group. Woohoo!
Got some footage on film while scuba diving in Catalina Island on Monday. I'll post it up once we edit a few things.
And she can text you with waving her hand up in the air
Don't miss out on the Mother's Day promotion 1 week for only 35$ and is 100% guaranteed or next week is free!! What do you have to loose?
Don't forget that fabulous voters would like Mitt Romney more if we were boring.
FREE cheesy bread at , Only w/ a
Everyone thinks eating disorders are a choice, I disagree. I think the disorder takes over you & your brain and controls you. (c)
I've been thinking of that all day. I can't wait to trot it out. Thanks
im like obbsessed with tea :)
I blame the mixed kit, cockiness and David Glass for tonight's loss.
Banks are fucking stupid. Police are fucking stupid. You're all fucking stupid. #Seriously I want to fucking shoot someone.
Thanks for Sharing Anne. This is helpful.
remember when I was cool enough for you?! :p
O which beer? RT: impressed by the selection of canned beer About to enjoy a nice beer float and cheese burger
Up since 4am, but very productive!
Surprisingly I am already packed for this weekend's trip/race/camping. Normally I wait till 15 min before I leave and throw things in a bag
is gearing up for a brand new day.
The Moon shall rise again
I can't believe we all have to wait until October! Yes season three looks ominous.
really appreciated by folks who can't be there at all!
Like your trailer. Canon 7D?
Before there was there was and 32 years to the day before that. I was born. Thank you God for one more day.
only if you have a subscription to Charter
Sweet dreams & happy scheming, all you beautiful creatures :) Goodnight.
is a really cool guy to follow ;)
Woohoo! We are over 600 followers! Thanks for the love everybody :o)
Irreducible ie to the explanatory norms of any community or political ideology. Mentions as model.
“: was amazing last night! Some of the most chill and appreciative people. #canadiansrockmysox” awww!!UR awsum
I agree wholeheartedly good sir. READ ALL YOUR BOOKS AND YOU ARE TRULY A PHILOSOPHER. THANK YOU.
RT : the sun is not up but already it looks like a great day to walk around Tempe without my pants
In Speakeasy Kaberet for Chico Mann. A whole different, more diverse #sxsw crowd. Great groove!
hold on... Do u mean Kobe choked? My bad, I ain't understand my own question! LMAO
Live every moment of life, enjoy every breath, everything happens for a reason, always remember never forget, smile, and enjoy the weather.
Jewish Proverb~ Rejoice not at thine enemys fall - but dont rush to pick him up either.
Great running into you! Now go get that Trojan sweater for days when you miss us... :)
awww thank you so much honay!!!! ;] when u comin to thy east coast?
#OkUPrettyBut you look just like my previous girlfriend ====> NEXT!!
Need brand of nonsense. SUCH a hideous, I suck as a human being sort of day.
Circle me, and I'll introduce you to a bunch of really interesting educators at both K-12 and higher ed
can't pitch or catch last 2 games. Kinda imp't if you want to win
my eyes are a little sore with an insufficient sleep
watching Good Burger.... <3
I've had nothing but Chinese food for the past two days...in Utah.
good luck Liam!!! You deserve it more than anything:)
So you're saying that you're the decider? I think you just wanted to use the #willynilly hashtag...
Roland Barthes was right. My car is a mother effin' cathedral!
RT A9. Feeling like someone from Mad Men drinking by yourself at lunch.
We can't become such a society where you can't call crazy - crazy.
I havent been to a Denver game in 10 years! Would love to see one but my husbands on active duty and we live in Hawaii! ;(
Rentrak TV program “stickiness” (attentiveness) and Bluefin Lab’s “social media index” help identify high value engaged, multitasking audie…
lmfao screw you!
Zotec Partners Takes Over Billing for Western North Carolina’s Largest Multi-Specialty Practice, Asheville Radiology ...
“: We say life is too short, God would say, I gave you enough time u just don't spend it wisely.” so true!
it's true. Ppl don't realize that's needed in a relationship
If u gonna be fake be fake but don't play as if u real
I saw a preview. Is it worth watching? Was walking thru Lincoln Square and saw sword fighting in a gym!
so you do not believe this is potentially indicative of a larger (lost generation) issue?
You got it! Do research. Learn about the business. This isn't a game. You're on your way to greatness! Way to go! :)
Me too. Along except for this Riesling, that is. ;-)
Maybe Joe Biden was laying the groundwork for Obama's "evolution," instead of screwing up like everyone seems to think.
put back up your nashville cover ill get to see it!
im good headed to work
Swag is for boys class is for men.
My music in the streets right now.. Ya baby momma car, living room, ya cousin house, ya guy studio, etc..I wouldnt have it no other way!
We're sorry you feel that way! Can we ask what happened?
make a list of the SEOs, follow the list, then unfollow them on your main feed
i want to go to california and just take pictures! <3
Be sure to head out to FarxFarout and check out during
since u don't answer my calls i guess i should tweet u then (TWEET)
I guess you forgot to Tebow, Tebow.
RT : I'm not friends with you guys on FB, but I'm running fantasy college football again this year.
What happened to the fruitopia drink!?!?! I want it back! I forgot that I over it!!!! :(
Would you like to #FindSomeoneWho know how to move through problems and not just stay stuck in them?
or paying for the right level of room :-)
errands then getting wildd with my friends tonight!
Go me at six and WELL DONE!!!!!!!!!! :D <3 You guys totally deserve them! :D
Never lose hope on rookies who are hungry. They will beat you because they want it more.
now if DC were serious bout taxation w/o rep, we'd demand that 6 billion dollars back, wouldn't we?
Hey my twitter followers:)
Been so busy. Putting in another day at the office tomorrow.
Going In For The Kill
For sure!
Why does every guy friend I beat up want to date me? *sigh
On the phone with the babe <U+E405>
I loved ur webinar last week! Once u show value & prospect says they still want to get other quotes how do I stand out further?
installing Maya on my mac, damn now I need a six pack.
Looking for a Sr PM Dallas TX - Mortgage industry bckgrd. If interested email me at
Sasha Bruce Volunteers from join us this weekend for delivery - thanks! to set up your delivery day!
Hey guys! Sorry I'm not tweeting much, you know how school is. <U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665>
in Montreal now but a 305 for ever
Let your qualities shine
Man, He bougssss x we NEVER EVER went together !!!
#cataloging invitations to parties at Limelight in the early 80s makes me even more disappointed that it's now a mall.
Warner and Lin - both strong in their Faith in God (Tebow as well, but we don't have to talk about him
Not easy at all!
Let's go !
in the WORLD? Just one example of how religion seeks domination over its constituents. A religion should NOT need LAND DOMINATION >
I just witnessed go maniac.
It's complex but Blizz made it accessible
#ireallyhatewhen Beliebers think they're so cool. Guess what Belieber bitches,Mahone is Beast;)
oh noo i hate suprises they get me nervous<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Well try to have a good rest of the night....
thanks! we're trying hard to pull it all together
hey chicky I wonder if has herd bout that psycho Kelly cross on the fb claiming she's gonna move in w him lol
work it briana! workk it :P
WTF?? When did City Hall station turn into a fucking maze?? Phill be trippin...
“: do you hate indiana now i thnk that's a yes” this is so true.
Ill prob do that 2...I'm gona try 2 take it 2 1 of those artists place if there R any or get a friend whos good @ drawing.
We fully expect Tebow to be "Kenyoning" during the Bronco' game.
I told her that she's not doin it anymore... She's stressin me out...
": I think the guy that invented leap year must b related 2 the guy who invented Daylight Savings" DST twisted LY just weird.
#TheVoice had some surprises w/the instant eliminations. How do you feel about the instant elimination? Who do you think should be saved?
Brian Eckert : what's the #ROI on opportunities associated with #marchmadness?
I always see the bigger picture.
My partner at bjj practice "I've seen you in muay thai, don't punch me" Accidentally elbowed him in the face
Anakin450 made my new pic (I help)
Thinking that the blinding gold/orange cast over everything on csi:miami is both surreal and silly.
So much for doing hw. slacking a little too much.
Just talked to my beautiful Lovely Grandmother!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><U+2764> she jus made me shed tears of joy! Nbs. Iaint sheded a tear n a min I'm <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F> for her tho!!
It was a little anticlimactic, I have to say. If you're saying what I think you were saying...
We're excited to be featured on tomorrow! Tune in at 12:00 for a tasty live demo for National Earth Month!
i need a picture of that tattoo even though I don't know how would I function after I saw that! #worrying Haha!
well time 4 bed
Avatar voids the law of diminishing marginal returns? 3rd time and better than the first!
1,000 tweet on my 1 year of having a Twitter . #whatsgood (:
Nice to run outside again and to work in the yard. Happy day!
I spent 30 minutes walking. 113 calories burned.
Food is done...New recipe..everybody love it..I'm a boss :)
I know-right?! I'm thinking the ad men lack more than decency-they lack good taste.
Just saw Patrick Henry at the Fort Worth Stockyards. He wants to ride a bull.
Remember that time Slipknot sucked? Yeah, me either. Because they never sucked. That time has never existed.
I feel ya...RT Officially over being over committed! I need to prioritize and set better boundaries!
New haircut! Feeling weird about it!
My Midwestern wife loves her a Friday fish fry.
Vett in shop for regular check up,
: hey cutie
i literally just cried for real
Finally moved from Illinois to Wisconsin. What a transition!
Finally arrived! Nap time before camp starts :-)
Good Morning DC! Hello #Eval world.
Birthday month activity of the day: lunch at Honey's Kettle Chicken...using a Groupon, of course!
follow black please? :)
did you order with an accent?
Dear people in train station, The older you are, the less applicable skinny jeans become.
Going to sleep! GoodNight and
Ice cream truck.. Id chase that.. New shoes.. Id lace that.. Chunkdirty.. Id dump that.. Id bump that... RT if u agree!!
#15peopleilove my mom
good luck you won't need it though(;
D= I'm sowwy. Maybe I'll just give it a little kiss all better. ONLY because you're super cute though :P
going after what you want is a risk worth taking ::hugz::
What!? She's pretty! Who do you think QB1 should date? A VS model? Wait, I think your answer is prob yes :)
Mobile Marketing Solutions Provider. SMS, WAP & Mobile Apps- We walk u through the process of launching a mobile marketing campaign.
Guess what mr. Brandon i didnt unfollow u. What now. ;b
good game last night im in denver and still make sure to catch more of ur games than the nuggets
where yu been?!?
Thanks for the welcome. :)
Somebody draw a map cause this bitch must've lost her mind.
In time of test, family is best. ~Burmese Proverb
Another game coming down to the wire. I love the playoffs
And look at that... it's 5:00 already. Time to wrap it up. :(
Have you seen the new dewittlaw.com? Let us know what you think
I thought my dog knew better to stick around me without a leash..he doesn't. I had to chase him around the house.
North Carolina: 1 hr to Vote Against
is it peanut butter Cheerios? Because yes, those are amazing.
cool story no one cares
Thanks for the RT with the link! (cc: )
We All have that one friend that is always texting
I'm 16
Revising in the desert retreat -- oh so much better than drafting!
you was suppose to be there. We Dominic said you was
remember that the Easter bunny died for our sons in that horrible helicopter crash.
what kinda vibe you going for? Something more corporate/ buisness looking, or something more modern with a urban feel?
I'm great, you?
congrats buddy, keep up the good work and welcome to the working mans world of sports
Breathing in!!
The stock market is a leading indicator. Is the debt crisis a surprise? Is the outcome reflected in stock prices now? Are we headed down?
Awesome news, Kari!
What does it taste like, I'm tempted now :o
I will let myself discover some new, better, brighter beliefs about myself and my life.
It's crazy how every time I'm mad @ some1 this forgiveness speech on Medea Goes to Jail comes on
thanks for the RT. :-)
Looking forward to the Cubs/Yankees game tonight at Wrigley field!
I'd be happy if they stop confusing a corporation with a freaking person…
Hold faithfulness and sincerity as first principles.
:) party this weekend at karma. It'll be fun. Show up. Bring your beautiful wife. Help me wish my 20s a happy farewell.
>>>when someone texts you and you cant text them back at that moment, but when you can text them, they cant text you back
Just in time for SOPA, Seattle natives create find your congressional district widget
That line was definitely where that episode started to turn… creepy.
really? I'm hyped for high school! I can't wait!
thanks Audrey!
well we have to go one person willing to change with us at a time. Barriers can be broken.
#Heat are 71.5% to beat the #Knicks tonight. Tip-off coming soon.
When his birthday really rolls around...nobody is gonna believe him.
Not a good night to be fighting with my computer and Xcode
Hey followers! let's talk!
I miss cute.
If only people could hear me singing climax by usher in my car lmaooo
Lol, I'm wearing my Blink shirt today too! XD I cracked up when I saw Ricky's tweet about it
the way you smile, your eyes, your personality, theres just something about u that jst strikes me.
“: Thanks for all of the great advice on the show ~ SOCIAL MEDIA engagement made easy!” Thanks, too much fun!
Jenny Slate wins Varsity Show award
“: Is the 635 the worst highway in the usa? I think so” Anytime you drive it, you are def risking your life.
today is JB's birthday. Is true.
Pomp and circumstance...graduation time:) Yay!!!
Avengers was ok..
Well...in that case. Nothing to celebrate today. Never mind. RT : yeah, i'm a white sox fan.
They had nineteen children, but they knew what to do; they had one more; God told them to. This brood's a cash cow; let's call it God's zoo.
“: What's on YOUR weekend agenda..... Dining Out? Cooking for friends & family? Events around town?” Going to
I think it's just that some ppl refuse to learn new things. That's why.
I have a lot going on at home as does One of us can & will clarify as soon as we can.
Love this place.
We don't want to leave Tucson!
Salmonella food of 2011 float.
Reading An #Actor Prepares by #Stanislavdki, then going for a run before work at 11:30. is this what they mean by being productive everyday?
Good stuff company #IU12 "our Japan flag hearts t-shirt raised $250M for charity"
$10 Blue Jays-125 in action
Its funny how vh1 is playing a movie about biggy and BET has 2 pac
I'm great!!! Yay
All finished with the Fifty Shades of Grey trilogy. What now?!....
How is everyone? :D
Twitter Whack A Mole Is Fun...You Got Those That Pop Up W/Out Welcome Trying To Start Drama. What Do You Do? WHACK THEM
why am i awake?
Just because you weren't born with a #MovieStarSmile does't mean that one is out of reach! www.kravitzdental.com
I don't understand how you stop Anthony Davis. Seriously. I don't.
And tho' I'm in the "don't use them" camp (though I've written some), I've had some good audio tours outdoors--gardens, zoos.
Oh man, what a night!
Jealous of everyone at #Sundance this year! But only a few more months until !
You killed it on SNL last night!
wish you girls were here today!!
My dads bipolar -____-
I wish clouds could light up at night :)
I watch it sometimes :')x
Just saying... We'd be perfect together <3 #4ever haha
Thanks for the info. Rescheduling brunch but next time going to your blog first!!
Genius is the gold in the mine; talent is the miner who works and brings it out. - Lady Blessington
Some of the levels/labels seemed a little wonky/mismatched to me too but curious about overall results-
I don't judge. People like all kinds of weird character pairings. That one is not the most logical.
I want #SJSharks hockey to start.
Me??? :D RT : And the Restaurant Week dinner for 2 winner is..
Quick hits: Meet five UFA set to join the Miami Dolphins
In observance of the holidays, we will be opening our doors at noon on Sunday, April 7, instead of our regular 9:00 A.M. opening time.
Snowy in DC. Thankfully it won't last. Getting closer to March every day. C'mon spring!
I can have other friends... #justlettingyouknow. You do.
At SVA Fall Lecture Series: Steven Heller, “Nostalgia for the Future: Or Did Design Save the World?”
thanks bry4n! thanks for being a customer and hope we crushed it for you!
duh, everybody knows.. but I was really talking about (:
Tonight Tequila Shack ladies night. Get away from the norm and escape to the Shack. Tonight.
Baseball rematch soon!!!!
#safari is my favorite! I am so jealous of you right now!
Guys with rat tail.
Discovery in Reference Universe: Ordination of Women and Theologians in the Middle Ages from A History of Women & Ordination
#thatcampgames writing issues - I'm off to the productivity/motivation guild, as represented by Princess Peach
Still got alot to do with fat fat on my hip
Hope everyone had a wonderful Christmas! Stay tuned for some awesome stuff coming your way from us!
Will is wild
I hate when people talk shit about stuff they know nothing about.
one of my followers! haha
alright I sent u my email just let me kno
Thank you!
thanks for the FREE twitter report. It was quite helpful.
I think size (hide-ability), and I like tracking more than just steps. After a little research I'm sticking with !
I got you. Keep in touch too. <U+270C>
i see a lack of arrogance amongst you laker fans.. does this mean what i think it means?
Wait... But what of we wanna to to one night of #lollapalooza ???? hahahahaha
Woohoo, we're back online! Stay tuned for today's posts.
Still trying to figure out which gods are on which side in Greece. This could turn into another Iliad real quick.
In the Stone + Joyful, Joyful We Adore Thee = Funky fun stuff. Chart written. Cutting tracks soon! Stay posted!
wonder how many people are gonna get caught with weed today...
#bandsilove Linkin Park. Their old stuff that is!
Had a wonderful nap!
…cont) the border to Mexico?
do it, i really dont want to go in the morning
im just smart like that
www.facebook.com/Envy.Protege.Designs <3
In Salisbury after #tourofbritain stages in Exeter and Taunton, will be in London for last stages Sunday, then I promise research.
I guess #GenerationX may be seen as slackers & underdogs but really we are philosophical. We strive for meaning & purpose. At least I do.
You can't decide a playoff game on an offensive foul like that unless somebody gets punched in the face. Plus side, Sox are back.
I am riding around and I am getting it.
Cooking with my dad <3
street lights are SERIOUSLY ALWAYS GOING OUT AROUND ME. this is bullshit.
Awesome! A big hello back to my friends at Crocker Farms.
What's the word of the day?
Our guys say that Apple has de-listed those who've availed themselves of pay to play….
Returned from South Africa about a week ago. Trying to get back into the swing of things. Very exciting possibilities for digital work.
I have time :)
It doesn't feel much like Christmas...
I can't run no more get to excited because my heart can't take it life is to crazy SMFH
Tomorrow - Flipper's Truck Stop Food Truck Rally at , 11am-3pm. % of proceeds to benefit Come eat!
Sometimes the truth is right in front of you but you are too blind to see .
L.A. need the triangle offense they can't play this new shit
OHMYMAHONE & follow me on this account, but don't on my personal one:( austin doesn't follow on here but (c)
Also we will RT everything I've heard from people about the demos, you should as well!
Make the commitment & mark it down on your calenders. Friday, Jan. 27th we will playin @ Papa Social Club, 77th & Burliegh. 9:30pm. $5 cover
I keep seeing the same guy at coffee shops in the hood. I would say he's stalking me, but he's always here first...
This cat is one of the most solid vocalists I have ever had the pleasure of working with...
wait so, if you thought what she tweeted that person was funny then why did she yell at you!?
Tennis weather? Whose challenging?
aha no ma' suck my big black spoil aszx dick
Children in the dark cause accidents, accidents in the dark cause children
aite well if anybody ask Im 6'3 now n aite bet!
you, too omgz!!
& it's smash on site if I don't like them -.-
I'm watching beyond scared straight •_•...I love that show. (:
#Livetweetingthepast this Will Ferrell SNL is off to a pretty damn good start with the W. plug.
A website gives your small business #credibility in the eyes of future customers.
It looks right at home there!
Safe exercise solutions. In NYC? We can train you. -MindFirstFitness
Lol my brothers friend was looking for his keys and I took them hehe it's funny cuz he's drunk.
I heard the rabies theory when I was in college ...quite a while ago :o). It is ironic that he achieved respect only after death.
of course!
Wrapped up an excellent morning. Love what's in my pipeline! Headed over to the Hilton now!
I'm such a noob - totally psyched over #wla2011 tomorrow!
did you go?
there anyone who could wave the magic wand and hypnotize me a spell so I can feel any kind of better?
I have 666 followers.. And I love every one of you satanic children (; <3 haha .
you are rocking that grey suite on the book cover! Can we look at properties on Saturday? Sweats and baseball caps style?
It was great, hoping for a dry fiesta! RT : How about that thunder last night #ABQ?!
March is a HUGE month for the B&O! Events for everyone! TGIF!
Well I'm exhausted
Want to learn how to fix your own car? Many community colleges offer these courses!
It's really upsetting that some liberal sites have conservative ads on them. I know it helps pays the bills, but really... ;( Not right.
I only see two and you have a hat on ;x but cute :-)
Today we are giving away 2 Tickets to the Autograph signing on March 29th! Just retweet this to enter.
We can't compete with Chevy Chase in Christmas Vacation, but we did install 50K LED lights here last year. Nancie blogs:...
I have no bad habits, except for one ... wont be wrong in people .. Honestly, it would be better smoked.
this halloween i will BE ron swanson. you can take that to the cooked-rare steakhouse bank.
we'd love to get some on board - NYC is a big place! We just got to Morningside Heights. Where would you like to see LevelUp?
Same, but mine was at the Coast to Coast tour (:
allenge I change my name on facebook and twitter ...!!
Eating at John Boys
i love my wife. just thought id share.
i hurt my elbow last season . im texting jeremy right now, and i think you know what im saying.
I've been called many things, but never foreplay. Wow.
damn :( well ill miss you too!
Are those same birds from "Over the Atlas"
They have everybody's phone. Mine just crashed again for the millionth time in a row.
Got your eye on EsJay gear? Have we got a deal for you, use the Spreadshirt Code of the Day: SPRING54. Get 5 products but pay for 4!
If you're running a company don't you think you should know every facet of your business?
Really not feeling school today but I'm going to go anyway, it makes the day go by faster.
I DONT KNOW HOW TO TELL BOYS I LIKE THEM
great job last night butch! Props!!
Yep, Saw Cool Asian Kids. Good job! Just keep doing more of what you do already. Love to read you & yr sister's perspective!
STARSHIPS WERE MEANT TO FLY, HANDS UP AND TOUCH THE SKY!!! Music today! HAHA!!! What happen to the REAL Music I miss the 80s 90s
It's pouring out right now. The way this spring has been it's 'March showers, bring April flowers!' #weatherwatch12,
from this point on, it only gets rougher
It's been 2days and the only message i got is from twitter "/ y'all can't show my phone some love?
“: hey is done a Justin bieber special.”. OMG OMG OMG
String Cheese Incident
Open to any change. Could be great if managed well.
the radio really knows how to make me go from loving a song to hating it by playing it over and over... including payphone.
I hope this means you are finally goung home!
Proud to have won Most Improved parenting magazine in the country @ the PMA Awards this weekend in San Antonio. We continue to grow/improve!
Just heard KISS-FM is going off the air on Monday. Curiously sad about that. It's becoming (UGH) a sports station
BaseballYouth MLB Fanfest has just announced that they will attend our Texas State Tournament and Fall Nationals!!!
same though omg fndskjfndsk i'll hug travoos for you
#EllenRTme day 163 learned how to crack an egg with one hand... No yoke!!! ;)
just had that a couple nights ago. Nice!
These #idol kids are killing the #Gotye song. Ouch.
I don't think joey Lynn did it I think Christies ex lied and Christie should apologize.
thank God someone got that reference haha
I like Alexis more than Amanda.
I just want everyone to know that #linsanity will never compare to #tebowing. enough already.
Results are in: 7% of Americans had HS A accounts in 2011, compared to 5% in 2010 and 1% in 2006.
As a rule you should question anyone guaranteeing 1st page organic results through their SEO efforts.
Happy Birthday Pac!!!!
LOOKING FOR A CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTANT? http;//www.taxproblem.org
Happy spring break ! Did you know that 62 % CO fourth graders test below grade level on nat'l tests for reading? Read this week w/a child!
Share some thing which makes a difference .....
my aunts phone wont let me call:(
I just wanna be gloved.
Who is the mob wife with the low voice?
Uhm it's going to beat Modern Warfare 3 outta the water! Graphics = Amazing, Gameplay = Amazing. Just awesome! <3
all lady followers holla at me
May I ask what you do?
OK, this I miss RT : hayseed
:( well lemme know
dont cry u can c me soon
lol....not in Alabama foreal... I was tellin Darius yall boys need to come back to pittsburgh wit me when I go for a weekend....
Headed to pick up my babies !! Can't wait to see them..
In addition to its role as a historic cemetery, this was the area that Pedro Menendez initially landed & was for a time an Indian mission.
how many people like to skateboad i knew that ryan likes to skate and rob
The illiterate of the 21st century will not be those who cannot read and write, but those who cannot learn, unlearn and relearn.
Hm...I wonder what class THAT could be. We should have had a lecture party. ;)
from where!
#WeAllGotThatOneFriend who drags you around to look at EVERYTHING in the museum... wait that's pretty much all of us EMPs!
lease, I like a new car every 3 yrs.
lol let me know if it works.
setting up Twitter for my Squidoo account
Hey why is the security line at #southwestairlines terminal so long? Longest and slowest moving line I've ever waited on.
Hey Krayl! Thanks for following us. We hope you enjoy our tweets.
Gandalf the white vs lord Voldemort?
Finally worked up the nerve to sell my DSLR. Going 100% film for business and personal now. Woo hoo!
WE NEED LIGHTSQUARED!!!! oh wait.
Sitting at Meglio's STL right now, as seen on !! 's design looks even better in person! Excited to taste the food!
"Failure is simply the opportunity to begin again, this time more intelligently." -Henry Ford
keep up the hard work hun!
frustrated that I haven't started writing yet today... but I'm finally about to start!
Want to really connect with your audience? Watch what they are talking about online & jump in the conversation!
Teacher leave the room during a test: Elementary -*silence* Middle - *whispers*Hey Can I have gum? High school- *yells* HEY WHAT'S NUMBER 1?
So it's official I'm being forced to watch "The Vow" next week how great <U+E059>
At National airport. Please pray I have a safe trip! Thanks! :-)
What's good Tweoples!!! Watched First Take with Joe Buddens, ESPN has been embracing a lot of hip hop lately.
rooting for 's Justin Hopkins on tonights episode of #TheVoice!
<3 ": Blessed to see another God given day #Thankful"
love the new commercial shown in the X games-
hey were high school singing group from the bay area, please follow us we need support
especially at Dade walking to class :/
nessa is making me stay with her in the salon! Ah!
According to during March, nine-liter spirits case sales in the control states grew 4.4% compared to same month last year sales.
November is here. Looking forward to a perfect fall #FirstThursday!
You said you play in the NFC South with Kalil, but don't know who another OL from the NFC South Donald Penn is?
its fake trouble. Not his fault!
Designer Stephanie Young is amazing! She's on her way to the top..she remind me of Lauren Conrad.Pics up soon.
goodnight for whenever you go to sleep<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099> I love you(:
bout time! >8-)
Sending support out to those who were affected by the storms in the Midwest.
she drove down a rock path in the park and had to backout in reverse to leave and hit a tree.
you get the pics?
Im at my lowest point right and the only way to look is up.
sorry to be so slow to reply. No examples that I know of w/libs getting a cut of PDA revenue. Is that what you mean?
“ What we do in life, echoes in eternity. ” Maximus Decimus Meridias Roman general
Seriously, between Crumble & Flake, , and , it's a day of epic awesomeness - and exhaustion.
"Oh, I was shooting at the wrong team." -, testing out a Battlefield 1943 demo on PS3
Throw the Dice – If you don’t throw the Dice you will never throw a Six.
It was a smart business move, because heavy readers of NYT don't mind paying and casual readers haven't hit the paywall.
“ You know you're ugly when you call yourself ugly and no one disagrees with you.”
YOU MUST BE ON CRACK to sugest that Chris Rene has Talent of Singing! Original My Azz yea Right Keep Smokin on the Pipe Dream!
Come to New Mexico. It's not all desert.
off to school...cant wait for #crj104 class tonight! :)
the things I wonder hm I'm going to sleep before it gets bad
thanks for following. I'm following you already. look forward to connecting...
Thanks for mentioning us
Begun the excitement has! ORIGAMI #YODA and DARTH PAPER STRIKES BACK author Tom #Angleberger here he will be this Saturday! 1:30pm!
“: Watching #Brewers-Dodgers game with twin brother.” i need a new doppelgänger, frank from real world Vegas getting old
The background wallpaper on my little sisters ipod is just a picture of my face...clearly she loves me the most
Whoa! Watching #Curb's sixth season and just realized that is on there. Freakin'.Awesome.
#LSCONcheck out for amazing ideas of creativity. Use crayons to take meeting notes and boldly, courageously imagine through issues
such a noble cause they fight for. Freedom. Thank god they are fighting for my freedom
Yes, yes, and yes.
Murphy's Law - The largest vehicle always has the right of way.
Tweet what I want you to Tweet Dammit!
haha! I do NOT understand that at all either.
I like a lot of albums out there...just bought Lacuna Coil's new one....it's really good!
Sigh. I regret not asking my host teacher if I could take a class picture of the kids... :/
If you're wondering if KARE 11 has already let me go, no such luck. :) I'm working on EXTRA stories most of this week and next.
Not sure how I feel about you using the word "Bespoke" in your RYA Elearning Case Study :)
Done reading the only book I took with me for this trip (jet lag did help). Now reading stuff from my sister's bookshelf, 1rst: Outliers
Regrets and mistakes, theyre memories made
" Cheap bottles of wine at Mitchell's Fish Market! Wine Down Wed." - <-- go and save tonight tweetps!
You just might be a fatty if you ALL of your Facebook check ins are at restaurants. Stuffing your face is not a good hobby.
Tonight is a JS night. Gonna watch all 3 Transporter movies.
Our SCOUTS is a sick, sad joke for the CU decision that is ruining the USA!
Yea, the secret to enjoying it at all is starting w rock bottom low expectations. Then you can be pleasantly surprised.
good idea
Google Reader
would that be someone that starts with L and rhymes with schmana?
That is mortifying but hilarious
Hit me up if your making beats.
51 days till I go to Disney World! Wtf that's all far :(
Is it sad I'm kinda scared of the planetarium? Haha
Can tell when is not around when I'm the one to open up the office...yet the Vice Provost still got here first and made coffee.
#3WordsForYou Kiss me quick ;)
SWAMP COOLER TIP: Place a couple of fans about to circulate the cool air from the cooler. ABQ call 719-217-8546 for maintenance!
meet I think you two might have some interests in common... ;)
My friend sent me a youtube link a year or so ago with an interview Mustaine did with Alex Jones. It was weird.
Thanks for follow me !
Why did I even say anything in the first place? I shoulda left it alone.
where I want one?
Ugh, gin. But yeah, you can spend a ton on scotch, too. Just like wine, though, you can find some good stuff cheapish
thanks for the RT - have a great evening.
MARIO BROTHERS > Mario Chalmers
1519- Leonardo Da Vinci died at the chateau of Amboise in the arms of King Francis Ist.
forget her did you see the hot brunette in Matt Kalil's party? Damn!! Lol
I'm doing free tax assessments @ 2809 East Park Row Arlington TX 76010 ask for Katherine! (*shameless plug*)
no stop lol
Basically my trajectory—I went all the way to running ion3 on my laptop for a while. With a few UI tweaks, I've come to love G3.
damn u got nigga goin crazy
you definitely are the Twins Swiss army knife!
We think somewhere in between sick and #beastmode, but probably closer to
Oops! I was at the bank! Totally forgot about the Celtics game! You dudes lost that game on your own. Forgot to #RigRigRig!
I hate little kids. So much.
I'll check that one out thanx
Off to work soon. Come buy some batteries from me at Toys R Us on Broadway if you need any!
How long are you staying there for bro? Is Flex with you?
apology. Wtf auto correction
People are like stained-glass windows. They sparkle and shine when the sun is out..
Lol RT : for some reason my wife likes to call him "Hastings Millseed!"
TL not loading again
I wonder if you'll ever notice me</3 If you do I dare you to follow me... Pretty please!?(: <33
Guess? heheh I also see your new profile pic hehe pretty hot ;P
Its or something like that right?
Thanks for bringing the plight of the endangered bird Parus Major to Save the #ParusMajor shirts coming soon!
Insensitivity & indifference are twin marks of individualism and solipsism. Destructive to society and social structures.
test test!
i need sum one to go to bdubs with me
I wanna thank my childhood friend for giving me pharmaceutical advice...such a beast and u saved my life..lol
#bieberonthevoice as much as i dislike him and his whole aesthetic, i give the kid credit for actually singing. Flo rida just lip synced
#findsomeonewho can fill that emptiness inside you
RT:Next Thursday! is bringing the Naughty Show to Phoenix! w/ tickets standuplive.com/show_right.cfm… info via
And now you'll get many months more, I'm sure, just reinforcing how pointless your piece was.
awesome! thank you :) what do I have to do?
Dedication: NATIVIDA CASTRO, SIMON CASTRO, and REY CELICEO, love all!
Gotta beat this storm out of Atlanta. <U+2614><U+2601>
Guys you have to get in here.The coffee is great and you can stay safe from the rain.Try our Pumpkin Spice Chai Latte,or Gingerbread Latte!!
I just finished a 13.4 mi run with a pace of 11'59"/mi and a time of 2:40:59 with Nike+ GPS.
is thinking about how come all my news feeds are gone ?
that's my boy
PLEASE DO! But terrible timing I must say, cos I was gonna get off in a few minutes): Gotta go get gas!
tonight fucking sucked. i hate myself sometimes
i thought u ced u waz gon follow us not a shout out?
Want to tweet our thanks to for allowing us to make a wonderful little indie film. W/o your site, this film would not exist.
As hard as it is, I'm staying positive in hopes of things getting better between us.
SO PUMPED FOR BLACK FRIDAY YES
Rip hamilton tied his season high in points but probably also his career high in groin injuries :(
Could we look into the head of a Chess player we should see there a whole world of feelings, images, ideas, emotion and passion Alfred Binet
They trying to play me out smh
#milblogcon blogging it up!
Always drink your alcohol. Never give it to the ants.
Jus a month.. One more month and im done with this crap.
Aztec basketball is the only sport I'm really emotionally invested in
acupuncture is the only thing that helps my allergies/sinuses!
The BlueJackets..according to my non-hockey watching friends. Everyone makes the playoffs!! All kidding aside. I'll go with the Yotes!
NO HOT MILK AND FLUFFY EGG ARE IN RETRO BUT I HAVE NO MORE MONEY :(
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 286
thanks for the #FF and to you too!
I Must Say... Justin Biebers Single - Turn To You Isn't All That Bad.. Go Buy It!
wait I thought Rareearth materials came from Africa not China, China is just a major player in providing humanit aid to Africa? #Kony2012?
hope nobody was surprised to see Starbucks on top. That's a brand that consistently gets it right.
oh thanks! haha i want to buy so many things. IF I ever had a child I would make them cute bentos everyday. haha
lol is the final hard so far.?
yo I got a call ill bbl so shout me out while im gone keep me n da air im fin 2 swag out
Perfect your body by perfecting your diet
well it was brightened untill I realized I have a quiz that I can't find on blackboard.
Aw shucks Caryn, thanks - and I'll just say your b-sides & broken hearts is definitely one of the highlights of '11
Exams got me stressed, how can they expect me to express the knowledge I posses on paper that they call a test?
Dolores DeFina Hope, singer and wife of comedian Bob Hope, died today at the age of 102
Translation's Most Wanted Man RT : hey spud... Let's have a chat today
Food is not a pretty word. Say it to yourself. Ugh, but so good. (Usually)
im soo mad at myself cause my babyy sad..
Ben and the Steelers have more lives than Freddie Kruger... Stay tuned!
... Which leads to more laughter when I hear the phrase "I had so-and-so on my board still" when a player with no YouTube film is drafted
I know that's rite
Calm down you negative nancy.
we will be bringing you another new music video from shortly! stay tuned
I miss everyone too! But it's probably good that we don't see each other everyday or we would never catch up on sleep.
yesterday was my first day in london ... i made a random bet for 10 pounds that barcelona and chelsea would tie 2-2 ... odds were 22-1
Sluts these days... Go work a corner. You'll just make money faster. Lol
yes ma'am
What a spectacular end and victory for #Broncos against #Raiders. Enjoyed everyminute of the game. Go
I'm guessing it's e
Jzell records baby
Born and bred in the flatlands. We MKE Bears Fans are an underground cult. :)
I really need to get outta here
all you are mean.
: If the academy is evil, why do you have three degrees? Was you doing research on Satan?
Thanks for the shoutout on We will keep working hard!
Planet hollywood going live hol up
Cbeyond•outside sales rep-base+commission-benefits-gas allowance #Atlanta #Boston #DC for info email
is almost here. What's ur distance today? Make sure to warm up to prevent injury!
Sounds like an early start for tomorrow RT : starting work late today....
Announcing: ShopToko's The Distrikt. Shop NYC's Garment District - fabulous finds, all under $60....
about to discuss digital preservation with the #scio12 folks! Rm 5
RT : Good morning, all!/and good afternoon, too!
Thanks! We're trying to get the word out and every nomination counts :)
The Teehive has put together a simple easy to use website sales portal that is easy to use...
Next up #mwrc! A few of the BBG crew will be out in SLC next week!
what is that. I want that.
Happy Community day and friends!
Mary E. Walker- Prisoner of war during Civil War, writer, doctor, fashion trend-setter, only female to get the Medal of Honor.
Louisiana knows how to party, large up to all my family in the 318; y'all can expect to see me again very soon!
out with some of the coolest girls she knows tonight :)
Larkin: Copley's *The Death of Major Pierson* as circum-Atlantic performance.
ill have him call you wen he gets back i think he is cashin check
Looking forward to the next sighting in Cali's Inland Empire
Still grounded?
RT : Going out tn is ss tempting <<< me too where at
I'm one of the cool kids...I met Carrie Brownstein tonight.
Griffin's Hub Chrysler Jeep Dodge has strong relationships and is committed to finding you the perfect car loan company to suit your needs.
i apologize to anybody ive ever offended no harm intended honestly
do you like the condo? any complaints?
Last tweet was about my girlfriend.
Alone in my room. Since my brother went to Vegas my sister gets her old room back for this weekend.
First time at mission ranch....seeing new things n life
Should be dope :-D
Hmm..Better than Alex.. RT : Harbaugh is currently in negotiations with himself to return to the NFL and play for the
it's okay. Text me if you want :)
Excited to see what doors God is going to open up this summer :)
#gwsummit how do large companies innovate? They buy small companies
The young lad was jii going smack if I do recall correctly!
#Appreciation to 's gala presenting sponsors! , the David & Julia Uihlein Charitable Foundation &
Don't miss the Mel Blanc exhibit at the Oregon Jewish Museum. It's great and full of laughs. And That's not all folks!
Help viewers discover content and become visitors. It creates better customer leads.
OMG that pisses me off . he's a lame !
Flames Iginla, Bourque & Giordano at the NHL Store TODAY from 12-1pm ET. Come by for chance to win an autographed jersey and meet them.
Closing for no: If a client is stringing you along it is better to let him know it is ok to tell you no. Free yourself to pursue new matters
Run away, take my hand and I will never let go.
hey alex!
please let me know if you got my email. thanks hope all is great sweets!
you're welcome dude
OMG there are more home runs due to climate change? Shut up, seriously just shut up.
dang you, I'm at #bbwheats !
I think it was a bad idea going to bed at 6:00p. I am now wide awake at 1:00a. Do you know how much bad T.V. is on at 1:00a?
the dollar sign might be on another symbol keyboard screen
Days like today are the perfect time to visit the #nyc #applestore on 5th ave
My son would only eat organic for a while (he's 16 mos. old) but thankfully he's loosened up! Like it, but we're not exclusive.
Listening to stevie wonder #classic #makemusic it feeds the soul
I'm really into 3 Doors Down right now.... #NowPlaying Sarah Yellin'
Thanks for the #FF!
Loved this story: couriers elsewhere were so bad libns hid GPS trackers in ILL'd books & watched totally unauthorized journeys!
I have some decent video of him I am going to splice together when I feel better. I wish he liked me more.
aw I don't even remember doing that awkward. Was it for your birthday?
thanks for the RT! :)
Oh god, lol, you get crazy hyper on that O_O
hey what brand is ur acne cream i have this big zit on my face and im afraid to pop it
Too cold. Fuck school.
okayy ! (: gotta pick a day .
ok ill be look forward to det txt ( :
Hello Twitter !!!!
what station????
YOU LOVE ME RT tell me u love me
haha nice! :D and I'm sitting here freezing and eating ice cream. Lol I'm so smart.
you replying to all those girls gave me hope that you would reply to me...but thats never gonna happen:(5
its funny how people always seem ta find the tine for complainin. but everyday we breathe the breath of life is amazin.
I don't scratch my head unless it itches and I don't dance unless I hear some music. I will not be intimidated. That's just the way it is.~
Joyous Winter Solstice everyone!
lol I understand why yu would say that
:(.Wat is now miss .. Cant take to many more of these sad faces lolRT :-(
Listened to it and well done..keep it up!
When you are trying to get a certain girls attention...but you got flaws #NiceGuy slash #GingerProblems Maybe you shouldnt talk to
uh k
Ya? Sure - if we like what you plan on doing with them they are yours.
Thanks, James. Appreciate you helping to spread the word!
The traditional cheap Target DVD report: BRIDESMAIDS and FRIENDS WITH BENEFITS for $10, THE WEDDING SINGER for $4.75. Just so you know.
Nevermind. I was looking at a streetlight, not the moon. It's a really cool streetlight though.
Rich Forever.
going nuts with and a crazy bottle war.
Hopefully tonight will be a night free of electrical explosions. I cannot handle waking up at 3am again.
Im bored, grrr.
Queue Melvin's quad No!
your getting all into minimal huh ?
My nap felt freaking good
monday - check it out. i'll be author of the day at www.cookstr.com
lol I haven't either! I own the first book but thats it. I want to get it signed now!
Leaving late tonight (Saturday)
I am coming to the show!
thanks for the compliment on the website. I am fortunate to have a designer for a husband! I do love the new layout too!
There is no spoon.
putting #christmas lights is harder then you think .
Aw shit son....let's get it
Oh, okay! I still have the pen cap you gave me for my birthday. No, I'm just kidding. :P
More comebacks than the McRib! #Go Rangers
Mondays can suck my dick.
Damn, we get out tomorrow
Global warming is awesome, its like 65 degrees right now!
Samesies! Except I'm unconvinced about Tom Cruise.
Helping a client make their advertising more effective... the #1 problem? Headlines that are about themselves instead of the readers.
Company picnic day!!!! Are you ready to ball??
oh hey long time no talk. I'm doing good thanks for asking
It's gonna be the hottest day of the year so far. Trying to decide where to hide out today - mall or library?
All of the illegal mp3's online of the 'Thong Song' are staticky.
"If someone doesn't get killed in the first 3 chapters, I'm bringing it back" - patron to me at the circ desk.
I'm a horrible fuckin person
hey hey heyy
All 3 of us crazy but gorgeous as shit.
Ya no good ~
it's been going on for some time...some guys even brought a chess board on one 60mph ride...taped it down...hm...
How come Washington Post seems to keep articles on their landing page FOREVER. Do they not know how people use the internet? Am I wrong?
My Freakin Phone Got Stole . -_____-
DID YOU SEE THAT?!? #Aoki hits an inside-the-park home run to break up Chacin's no-hitter in the fourth!
Listening to them now! The Janes Addiction show?!?! How was it?
I used to think iPhone gloves were silly. Now I realize that when its really cold the alternative is using your nose...
Hell yeah! What band are you in? Better hook us up with a show soon!
Diseases that effects the structure of the macula, younger: central serous retin. older: macular degen, epi. ret. membrane
looks interesting!
tht was fast .... I never get relieved tht early when iam there...
Loud talkers on the bus.
oh my...lol
I should say *useful* features. I don't care if it has a tire iron attached to it.
My view: SHIT HAPPENS, get over it and move on, cry about it for 5 minutes then just move on (y)
OMG! So excited that Anya won Project Runway!!!! :D I've been rooting for her since the beginning! :)
Having a blast ice skating with. my friends .
Servicepack put me on!!!!!
Loving that #HillcrestDC is and has been the
I plan on talking only in jargon while at #ala11. Augemented reality of networking silos!
next thing you know...uv made more piles of work uuugggghhhhh!
You're welcome. I like networking and even mentoring if possible.
Of course not, I never said that. George W. Bush and Barack Obama have given us enough propaganda to last a lifetime.
Take it down & sell it on ebay!!!!
The worst is when they look you in the eye and/or have to avoid running you over when they do it.
We would love to have someone from join us at InnoTech Austin. Interested?
Solid post.
nothing much. U?
Glad it's Friday, but could use another Wed and Thurs to avoid weekend homework.
thanks for RT, Ron.
Just read all of Taylor Swift's 651 tweets...
I'm also learning that a lot of guys in our movement are passionate and educated but not very reliable.
my cats have spread about 10 of their toys all over my apartment from their toy box, just today.
Faded off the kush and I'm gone
what's been up little man lol
Bike ride on the shore
Thank you, nappi, for thinking I'm turning 27
This #redwings game sure turned sour quickly. Unbelievable.
Nikon announced that total production of NIKKOR interchangeable lenses for Nikon SLR cameras has reached 60 million
LOCAL BANDS FROM ANYWHERE CONTACT US AND BOOK US WE WOULD LOVE TO PLAY WITH YOU!
hey i'm peppering in some original tweets as well. Figured I'd been absent long enough.
drink more
Yay ! My new mattress has arrived ! (:
I would love if you could be my 100th follower Ms. Chachi ^_^ -Paolo :3!
so iff a mf wen came off wrong to u u would been mad now how y doin ms bell
I Love How He Can Be All Cutesy&Shit But Also Tell Me To Stop Acting Like A LoveSick Goof...Is That Wrong? Well I Don't Wanna Be Right.
Maxine's Chicken and Waffles or St. Elmo's Steahouse
If you can't do two things at once...don't try to
Happy Sunday! Remember we have watch technicians and jewelers on duty 7 days a week! #Paradise Valley Mall
What places of business are dog friendly in Decatur?
#MW3 with the Hubby :)
Families Helping Families Wed., Mar. 28, 6:30pm -District Justice Gibbons 2 speak on truancy, underage drinking, drug use & possession.
I need to go back to the gym. My jeans look like leggings.
Not technically for Christmas. But not long after...something came up so it's unexpected/last minute.
Salesforce is great! Loved it when I used to at work.
You're red, soaking wet
A diplomat is a man who always remembers a woman's birthday but never remembers her age.
Holy crap TVD is not even worth it anymore.
Loved "To Kill a Mockingbird". Well done, !
Baltimore & Greene for lunch today 11-2 be sure to also follow on instagram for photos of truck, food, events and life
Since love grows within you, so beauty grows
That's a negative - in Central CA for the Winter Holiday.
#deadmanwalking ": For Mother's Day guy at the office is getting his wife a basket w/ cleaning supplies. Thoughts?
So glad the Vatican is launching in-depth investigation into the behavior that has hurt so many people. You know, document leaking. *grrr*
You should go for a walk.
I need fit single UK boys :)
Do your think this awesomeness exists only in these follicles? I've gone non-corporeal. My reach is everywhere.
I LET GO AND LET GOD... NOW WATCH HIM WRK ME THRU DIS SITUATION. I CLAIM DIS IN DA NAME OF DA LORD:-)
Its possible but its only possible to go back in time as far as the point in time when you turned on the machine. Not further.
Had a night out with my dad <U+263A>
"Humor is also a way of saying something serious." - T.S. Eliot
yea I like it there!
I have long believed taxpayers make better use of their money than the government ever could.
In commemoration of Yom HaShoah, OVS invites you to attend a screening of “May Your Memory Be Love” on Thursday, April 8 at 7:30 P.M.
canucks with the great win, back in vancity on sunday
Trutein protein is delicious. I would drink this if it was bad for me.
That sounds like a great time, I know what I'm doing next Tuesday!
not at all...it's the people who are
hey showin love follow me
Suggestions for #FollowFriday ~~>
lol glad u agree
just listening to getting ready for my finals today
RT : Ditto! RT : Thanks for coming to the #jazzed panel! Great to meet....
Just spent 20 mins waiting for service at beachwood! Asked bartenders twice for a server...wow what terrible service here!!!
yeahp they were!
weren't we talking about a budget getting a vote of 0-99?
people and their unruly judgments
THE VOICE FINALE!
yeah nbd I guess, what's lakers series at right now?
C'mon Atlanta
woke up this morning feeling good hope this happy moment last
“Four things support the world: the learning of the wise, the justice of the great, the prayers of the good, and the valor of the brave.”...
Have to go. Unfortunately have a meeting. Will catch them next time.
RT - Upset Pick Miami Dolphins over Houston Texans.Not impressed with Houston's win over Colts but am impressed with Dolphi...
Thank god there's a Victoria's secret in main street or else I'd be screwed for mothers day
grandma need to hurry and finishing cooking im hungry.
Come and drink the night away eats, live beats...the perfect treat!
Pitch black & chronicles of Riddick. Both good in different ways.
Some suggest short, strong words are just as effective. NO. The human voice is far more variable than the training click.
Oohh Yeah, It's T-shirt Time, Yeeahhh!!!!
Chasing cats is fun. I live with two- a brother and a sister and they like to play along. It's one way to get exercise!!!
If you need to be inspired by a fake Will Smith Twitter account, you're an asshole.
In other words, Meghan has something he once possessed and for which he now longs.
I WANNA SEE KATY PERRY'S 3D MOVIE SXDFHYESWXDBHYEWUQSDXBH
My head hurts..
#commercial #callback and #pilot #audition... WOO! busy in the best way :)
Boston does it right.
CN2 Sports 2nite: talks about his UL days and career overseas, & we talk w/ owners of Hansen & more Derby & Oaks interviews
I'll always be your Twin
I'm to tired.
#NYActors - Paul Fouquet is casting 5 roles for the play "The Whale." Details in the app, and new hard-to-find castings every day!
nothing like some heat transfer to get the pregame going.
Couldn't agree more.
24 hrs after my original departure time from nyc, now leaving detroit. wanna be home.
First time day drinking...I'm very rusty.
he loves us. If he loved just our money he wouldn't do all the things he does for us now. & so what if he doesn't know we (c)
Thinking I should start dressing exclusively in grey sweats and complete my transformation into Strong Sad.
Tomorrow is March 1- You know what that means? Only 2 more weeks until Donation Weekend at Champion's Pub Milwaukee!
it's not slash and duff that are the hold ups, it's Axl, cuz he is ya know.. Crazy.
well has been trying to get me to start that flavor club forever. I don't know honestly. might tho!
I'm still finishin up my extern! This is my last week though, pretty positie i'm gettin hitred in june.
Suggestion: Palin and Bachmann should jointly invest in a staffer with at least junior high knowledge of the Revolutionary War.
I see that's why Canadians and Australians are so miss-understood.
Oh yea with my love of 4 years cheers to a great night !
Absolutely! Glad I voted smart, too!
looking forward to seeing you!
Great to see and Mycelium School at #SEEED2012 at Brown University
Time for a bath! <U+E13F>
You bet. Keep up the good work. Hope you guys had a good time at the show.
I'm at brooklyn bowl darling. Don't tell your friends, or I'll never get in
How you doing sir? I spoke to someone from your camp inquiring if you guys were looking for artists?
So now you know everything about super heroes because you've seen Avengers?
Off to the first board meeting of the year! exciting to plan all the events that lie ahead!
you were supposed to eat Jamaican with me! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>
Just restored and delivered 3 prints from the 1940's + 50's! I love the look on people's faces when they see the work.
YES!!! WERIC CHAT ON MY BIRTHDAY!!!!
they have a baby mama......due late summer!
Fuck happened to Cleo... I'm tryna call that bitch about my future.
First juicing experience today. Pretty good.
Not watching it, but crazy ref missed that hit.
Your Daily Sketch Writing Inspiration: your doppleganger's corpse, an incredibly awkward funeral, doppleganger's mom crying on your shoulder
your welcome!!
Research and Markets: Global Flexible Endoscopy Devices Market 2011-2015 Discusses That the Unavailability of Skilled ...
"When a book and a head collide and a hollow sound is heard, must it always have come from the book?" -- Georg Christoph Lichtenberg
Don't know that I expressed this enough last night: the were
thanks for hosting #cas360. Really cool space!
Whoa Whoa Whoa! #WhoDiesOnCommunityTonight? Definitely gonna take a break from the #NFLDraft tonight to check that out. Both start @ 7pm cst
Thanks Dave! RT : New friends for #FF give them a follow!
#LATrafficAlert 1 person ejected and 2 trapped in their vehicle on the 405 Southbound at Burbank Blvd. Looked deadly people. Take care!
so how's that story XP
“The old believe everything: the middle-aged suspect everything: the young know everything
It's never too late to give someone a second chance.
Back at it. Mile done and my knees aren't even hurting. What's up, bitches?
That is R Mon. nite sched! RT : Clearing my Monday sched for a night of : #Eureka, #Warehouse13 & the premiere of #Alphas!
Mercury is in Aries today. Whew watch the sparks fly.
I just listened to your lecture on my IIN iPod and it was truly inspirational, I hope that I can cure my food issues like you!
dear everyone I'm texting, I'm peeing right now... right as I write you back saying, "right on! haha" love, B.
Finished my geometry quiz. ALL BY MYSELF.
First chair anyone!?
Q said it was a disgrace tonight.
We are all orfans
blazers! #RipCity #Uprise is back and as clutch as ever
Kimba should be there!
Major news outlets reporting Osama Bin Laden is dead
Slidin to the beach with them boys and ..
Speechless. Dad just came in to ask for resources for his 12th-grade son's report. No son in sight.
Calling Pompton Lakes and Hawthorne Boys Basketball tommorrow for MSG VARSITY!!!! Should be a battle baby!!!
Latest #Irene update: Beautiful in Miami...
It's tough to cut that off with a piano on your back.
I'd dream of getting 5 hours of sleep some night this week, but that would require actually getting 5 hours of sleep some night this week.
RT “: RT : Alright you guys something is up. That Gibleys vodka was not right”
wow!! moved up some more in the past hour. keep those #pepsirefresh votes coming in. text 110321 to 73774 to help us end poverty!
Really trying to resist live tweeting during #TheBreakfastClub. This film is a national treasure of the 80s.
RT : a few key #cre community members.
finally I can get "Air Bud: Curling Canine" off the ground.
Love it!!! Great show! I
hi everybody I'm guest tweeter today for one clue on who I am? I love TMNT
There are certain people I'm so close to that when I get a text from them, I can hear their voice reading it to me.
your survey link is to a college porn sight. U got hacked or is it a sick joke?
Give it up for goin down souh for an ohio winter! Am I right?
I was saying your better then joe. You can't be mentioned in the same sentence as me yet. Maybe one day but I doubt it
Aww, you think so? And you my dear, make Prince Charming look like roadkill
1:30 my house see you then:)
I'm hiding from the storm til the damage gets done!!!
Thank you!!!
Chicago movie marathon: the vow now the breakup
We have our Day 10 #SpringMadness WINNER!!! ***AMY SEYMOUR*** is the lucky winner of the Roku LT Streaming media player!
WFUV loves Levon Helm. You and your family are in our thoughts and prayers.
we want a global perspective.
their previous low...24 vs UM. #GoBlue #defense. RT “: HALF - UM 25, OSU 20 - Ohio State's lowest scoring half of season”
LOL, ok I like that better.
#WhenIWasLittle and I used to play in cardboard boxes that we took from HEB. :)
I love RnB more than any other type of music. Well that and jazz intrumentals.
meteor shower last night was amazing!!!
college loans would have been affordable if you didn't prolong imperialism.
Watching THS of Very inspiring and making me think my 2 hour commute daily to and from work is worth it.
“: I wanna rape you baby ”
Oh no... Sorry to hear that! :(
bro, leading worship tomorrow night + Krispy Kreme + Jesus!!! PEOPLE I urge you not to miss out.
Hey see you soon! =] Come back so we can go hard in the paint with ! haha miss ya!
Don't be a punk. Decorate an egg.
we're huge in Japan.
Here for final rehearsal before showtime at 3p!!!
No problem yo... Respects given where respects due.
Mariners score THREE on Nieves miscues. After catching a lineup, he throws it away and two score. Wild pitch scores 3rd. 3-1 Mariners.
My TL suck ass
Did you watch the Heat today? :(
I should be asleep right now, but I am having fun on the PC... I dont login much anymore, and I've missed a bunch from my cell lol
- Yes you can! -RTN
sauce should go on EVERYTHING.
american pie?
Archives fair was a blast! Thanks to all who came out, and thanks to Cabell for hosting!
Get your drink on!!!!!
Today, I readjust my sights and aim even higher. I no longer see my path as difficult. I have the ability to soar. I am ready to receive.
If I wake up 5 minutes late I flip out
crying because I can't play<<<<<
interview at 10....photoshoot at 2...then to the mula!!! busy busy day!!! im def gonna need coffee and donuts this morning!
RT : Is this how you spend your time online? RT : Infographic: What are people doing online?...
Woot! "Startups used to be a Silicon Valley phenomenon...but now seeing a democratization of entrepreneurship"
We'll see you at the NM State Fair Live Stock Auction...great things to come today!
Oscar Party Menu for Kids You don't have to be a Hollywood star to throw an Oscar party. Make it an Oscar-themed kids' birthday party or
I think you have a pretty good idea who I like today!
How were they not underdogs against Boston in 2008? I thought Boston was the better team by far!
Twin Peaks day!
Wait a minute where are the males in the pregnancy prevention system?
Your lips, I could kiss them all day if you'd let me.
RT : Cancer Foundation Auction .... ringholz sold. Houser sold. Romero sold. St. Clair sold...! Santa Fe community here...
Boston you fooled me once again! I will have to endure the next 5 chilly days until I take off for sunny san juan!
On the border with the family
Check out our new background! Here comes the sun!
i am thinking so too
Nonsense RT What NC State's Gottfried SHOULD have said in pregame speech: If you win, I get a $125K bonus. That's motivation.
We have a fucked up system. Republicans hatin on democrats that's n office, fucked up governor n fucked up mayor. Crazy Word n Jeezy voice
I remember you saying the exact same thing about the dude from King of Queens.
bout to wash dishes /:
powerful and impactful message today I look forward to many more.
Bahahahaha RT Morneau is going to come off the DL crushing, #Twins are going to play .600 ball the rest of the way....
Currently enjoying my favorite part of the gym when all the hard work is done and I can FINALLY relax.
"Bruce Lee was an artist.Lke him I try to go beyond the fundamentals.I want the public to see a knockout in the making." —Sugar Ray Leonard
Darius, jones, Cobb, and moncell linked together singing along to Jackson five definitely is my highlight of working at trust.
Well that was quite the random rainstorm in Milwaukee. Seemed like a hurricane @ one point. But already here comes the sun & chirping birds.
Happy Mothers day !
How are our awesome fans today? How was everyone's weekend?
The white people are all guna be in the city today for the red sox 100th anni ...
I'm a sucker. I knew something was up.. The #Twolves fan in me made me respond in hopes to defend K Love.
#littlehurricanne is a pretty amazing band. Like how its a guitar and drums duo and there is a girl playing the drums
wish the world would see Jesus for who He is and not what they've heard. Guess we'll have to show them!
Roses are red, violets are blue. You're with her, I'm happy for you. Violets are blue, roses are red. Just kidding, I want her dead.
I just finished the film, Hugo. Please do see it, if you ready have not.
Great time up north, stuck a turkey and did good at casino!
it's cute!
Cleaning up my room
I came home to go to bed. And now I'm on my second episode of Storage Wars.
I can't stand bitchassness
First post! We are now live! Follow our feed for inspiring tweets of contemporary American Socialists as they work for transformation!
thank you so much for my card. This is why I love you!!
Calvin Johnson deserves every penny of that money he's a beast
I love so so so much
First place!
RT : RT : Your presence alone is a gift. Wherever you are, whoever you’re with, be there! ~
can't wait to see you in Portland!!
Even broken hearts may have their doubts
If you're thinking of buying a Windows phone, I guess you might want to wait.
How do we setup the email forwarding system like we have had with packagetrackr?
We'll miss you in Chi Town. Good luck, you're a class act.
Thx for gettin my charger! I had just gotten it 2 wks prior.Hate it when i leave stuff. I even left my credit card at PH yesterday!
it was 40 in MIA last night
wow I didn't know you were turning 47 today. I would have never guessed it. You don't look a day over 45. Haha
Here comes and his speech
Vegan 101 Season 2 starring Eric Roberts is an official selection at LA Web Fest 2012!
very nice!
It keeps getting in my way!
FedEx doing some business printing & business
we're sampling at Wheatsville at the moment, plus we have donuts there Thursday thru Monday >;o)
JP is so bored in class tonight
On the opening ceremony of your boutique, invite all those who are important for building your business
Take action: write 2 support CA library state & federal funding:sample letters 4 yr legislator @ Facebook.com/savecalibs
Seeking writers (reviews, interviews) for AFI FEST website (Nov 4-11). PM me if interested.
me to. Cant wait til you two bitches come home lol
I DO
how about Goran Jordan
Help me with prayers that this depression could leave me alone:,(
Don't do this. RT : 4 Online Marketing Mistakes That Small Businesses Should Avoid | Noobpreneur Business Blog...
What a world. Just had a talk with a person interested in hosting a DreamShield 11/11/11 event in Morocco.
Going to head out into the wilderness this weekend for a nice long hike. Just made the transition to hammocks loving it!
I will ask where the white women at though. :p
I hope your book is a huge success!
If you're gonna rush me, I'm gonna go even slower..
Wonderful to meet/speak with you,, last night...keep inspiring women of color across the globe! Hope to reconnect in future.
You know you're a photographer when you are constantly pulling the car over for the "perfect shot"
Sad to hear will be stepping down after this year. We need more people in office like him.
Very sad to hear about Patrice O'Neal. RIP Patrice, you will be missed.
you will ride life straight to perfect laughter, its the only good fight there is.
S/O to the baseball boys , , Even though it rained, glad we all got to see you play:) #Senior12'
So, how do you suppose will next unveil his evil plan & cause chaos in Seattle?!
How can I have a turkey coma if I didn't eat any turkey?
Awesome rite in time for my birthday :) thanks Laura!
wake up!
Who wanna text?
ah, I see it. I still have an account for but that's not me anymore!
Hate the waiting game...new site is live on my brother's computer but not mine. I feel so left out!
yes we are!! Come see us!
Omw to this graduation
#likecomeon WHY DOES MY LIFE SUCK SO MUCH. I hate back stabbers that act like my BFF then go and talk about me? Like bitch, NO
I need a nap , I'm so sleepy but my daughter comes homes from school in a sec :(
For the first time in a long while, I don't know or care about the exact number of people attending
We found grubs in the Hostess Cakes, we found grubs in the Hosssstessss Cakes.
It took me six hours, but I finally found the Coptic Fragment of Fourth Ezra. Take that world.
Executive decision; no ride into work due to 75mph gusts. I guess its the trainer tonight!
NIGHTY NIGHT ALL MY PRETTIES!!!
"Even if you are on the right track, you will get run over if you just sit there." Will Rogers
i think i smoke to much nawl jus dont be high enuff
#Party #Party Friday 1204 Angleus Drive n Brown Burch Off Garner Rd. Its FREE FREE ; Save The Drama 4 Yo Bald Headed Mama!
Thanks for the vote for better pickup bar first off, kirkwoods.
been hearing Titans plane flying to NC too...
Why do I always lose the remote...ugh
Welcome back! RT : Transition to East Coast Time zone successful! Now, if I could just get 80 degrees and sunny to follow me here...
Great meeting with you today! So looking forward to working together again soon.
oops BEST wing man ever!!!
Amnestying him wouldn't cost too much because teams would put in big bids and eat a ton of his salary.
Good call! I have not... only Pinterest and Google. Going now! Thanks!
My library book group meets tonight. Let the butterflies commence. Does anyone else get nervous before their book group meets?
ok I'm listening up??
Which trade are you planning to master?
that's good.well this side of the world is always busy all the time.how about yours?
Polls close @ 7pm you still have time to vote...
RT : New Bieber song goes hard. #realtalk deer just got hit as I tweeted that, which is a sign that I'm wrong.
I want a boy bestfriend one to be there for you n tlk on the phone at times like this!!!>_<...*lonely stage*...;(
No originality
It also rhymes with sunday.
Just give me an affordable flight and some sunscreen and I'll be ready to head southwest.
Why does it seem like Sunday? Halftime nachos + Chas Barkley setting it straight.
RT : #Aquarius are the most loyal in life and in love. Befriend one or fall in love with one, you wont be sorry
Finally watched The Descendants last night. Hard to see what all the fuss was about. And I can't be the only one who hates Hawaiian music.
Staying in tonite
Turn On Tweets WhatIsLoveToABoss?
Have you seen this video where Michelle in marketing talks about and his crazy
What places can you wear your underwear on the outside?
so now ur trying to tell me what to do!? really!? -_-
One tsp of sugar comes from a stalk of sugarcane one meter in long! A can of cola contains 10 teaspoons of sugar.Eat 10 sugarcanes lately :)
Bout To Post A Twitpic Hope U Like It
Gotta see "the hottest new thing in candles!"
What sort of animals make the best TV presenters ?Gnus - readers !
can you please follow me im a big fan ! :D
I just voted and re posted it on my Facebook!
Jimmy zerro says duke by 2.
Getting hotbox breadstix with their nacho cheese is an absolute must tomorrow
4th quarter I'm back
good evening, everyone. just wrapped up #libschool for the semester and looking forwafrd to a summer "off" (whatever that means).
what's up
I got completely SPANKED by Ranger in Arena Gate while testing single player today. The bots are greatly improved...or I need more practice!
Im currently washing my clothes for school toma...
Home alone with nothing to on a Friday night.
Today is supposed to be a new day, but this feels suspiciously like a used Wednesday......
Gee, you're so sweet...
Digging #stephencolbert on #morningjoe in Charleston.
favorite korn song- freak on a leash!! god love that song
I just saw the floor plan of the cottages at The Retreat and wet myself.
We really more volunteers to bag-pack next week. Friday or Saturday 6/7April. Your two hours can be worth 3 hours of nursing care.
Shout out to Anna from Florida! 5
Traffic at wilshire and westwood defies temporal logic. In addition to merchant's time and church's time we may need LA commuter's time.
Ugh why did I answer call way early this morning now I'm hella tired... Che mamon...
Pitbull concert or David Guetta ? Maybe both ?
When you selected your career path, was it something that you had always wanted to do?
Hey, check engine light, what seems to be the matter?
been watchin u since u came into the league. I knew u wuldnt go out like that. Best close in history
That's a great program! Welcome to #normalheights!
hey, I saw u twice in the last month. At 4th and b in San Diego first was right in front was awrsome. Last time the other
.: If we are going to educate our way to a better #economy, we have to address the growing skills gap in US. via
You know that a class is a joke when you get your pencil out five minutes before the end of that class....
Pat Nixon, U.S. Pres. Nixon's wife, broke a longstanding dress code among first ladies when she became the first to wear pants in public.
arent we all lol but when are u gonna message me ur chapter idea for the story on facebook
I wasn't excited. Til I saw the extra "i"s. Now I'm amped.
are you at warped right now?
Hoping your first night of classes goes well, #NECB undergrads! (Grad students, only one more week!)
this will make it 103
:) im sleeping with a smile tonight. :)
"hold the oyster mushrooms, I have a shellfish allergy."
The greatest penalty of evildoing is to grow into the likeness of bad men. -Plato
I think that post just raised your score. re: klouchebag
Alright! I'll miss you too! I love you too! Have fun!
what do you mean sis? live tweeting? fellowshipping?
Thanks for lunch today Tim & Linda! Always great seeing you.
Lolol! RT: Hearing Move b!+©h first thing in the morning has me ready to take on the world
Loving the time change!
Fave quote! RT : “Don't cry because it's over, smile because it happened.” <U+2015> Dr. Seuss
Yayyaaaaa. I'm off to bed, we shall tweet in the future sometime! Peace
In life we all have an unspeakable secret, an irreversible regret, an unreachable dream and an unforgettable love. ~ Diego Marchi
A good friend keeps your secrets for you. A best friend helps you keep your own secrets.
April is the Tweetest month.
hi sammi stay with ronnie he is a sweet heart and just about every esp. it remines me of my relationship
Search engine results come across as a 3rd party validation = more trustworthy
im waiting on this Lake Show game..
Good questions, ideas today. Would be interesting to backchannel #immvt to catch insightful tweets
BorderSenses Twitter account is now up and running!
As per usual a good chat w this AMhas awoken me from a moment of despair and slumber.
Great to see win the
"By the age of six the average child will have completed the basic American education....
I would advise taking a look at our online store. We have all the latest Tresor Paris just a click away!...
RT Im not trying to be seen at all this week. T-shirts and jeans (or sweats) til school is over. Lol.
I'm gonna be so PISSED if I'm on call this weekend <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A4>
so I was on the phone with centurylink and they needed my birthdate; when I gave it to them the operator said "you don't sound THAT old!"
yup. New complete in 2 weeks hopefully lol
Today is #BTRseason3 filming are you guys EXCITED.
Can't take on other people's issues, that's what God is for. Prayer is the best support you can give anyone. Send 1 up 4 me too!!!
i love mac miller <3
#lausd HUH? Cartmenez has some calculators, 1 computer! LAUSD in dark ages with technology. Oh, I need some batteries por favor!
learning is independent of teaching, but we teach b/c we don't want to leave learning to chance. Great ideas in the keynote.
that sounds like find :-)
Great definition of enhanced ebook!
aww no wories ill be der to give a hug..
Jazz education programs are rampant and every arts manager I interviewed in the field was a BOSS
havin one of the funkiest days i've had in sometime. not the bootsy collins type of funk. the unmotivated, life is shit kind. f'n sux.
AH! Dude i would've died! i did die like 10 times! Cause i almost mer atl, but no! they left earlyD:
that's great!
go into your friends section and click on the x next to the name... that's how i defriend people
RT RT Barnes is one of top center mids in country, big SCORE for Jays. He'll be a junior in fall.
Your videos are the best! Thank you so much.
I knew what you meant lol nerd
The manager says she HAS to swipe my card fast, that's BS & I'm gonna have the girl who swipes it slowly swipe all my gift cards from now on
Good ride tonight. Thanks, guys. I really enjoyed that one. :)
We dig it too.
“: we are so very proud of you and all you have accomplished.”>>>love u
Walter Lantz cartoons are still entertaining decades after they were created.
you say that like its a bad thing!
I think we all may get ADD that night. I dont wanna know what these dudes did going into the fight.
Where's Waldo soon to see a regain in market share
Yall check out his music is HOT! He really flowing im feeling this track called "Around U" but my fav is "G&S" <3 #teamchaz lol
Told my teenage son,"I had social networking when I was a kid, too. I think back then it was called "outside."
Apparently the US supports the people's right to protest as long as they don't do it here. RT
#nationalbestfriendday This is and me!!!<U+2665>
that was pretty
o of course young sir so when I get out of work we can chill wit delilah and then skate
me and say Happy Birthday for !!March1:DD
Hi! Thanks for following!
Rex Ryan knew that foot was out of bounds before the review.
and disallowing ppl fight for fair pay is going to save small businesses? POTUS chose tax brks, incentives. Shows diff in view
That Justin Verlander guy sure is good at baseball.
Hey : Whaddya say you hop a flight to SF to hang out with me???
I love it!
Maurice #Sendak tribute on right now! RIP
North County Times feature about our animation short I produced, animated by Perry Chen (my son), to premiere at Comic-Con:
Time for parting shots!!!
I'm in luuuvvvvv with your Avi!!! She has thee perfect little smile:) I miss y'all
I love kids.
Design thinking is a great development of that process, but involves ethnography, psychology, even marketing skills/concepts
How do you feel about taxpayers spending $500,000 to send Michelle Obama & Co to Africa?
Check out Realtor Time! Mr Realtor Time is changing the real estate market! realtortime.com
TV. Though theatrical is on there as well. Just feel like it's better to watch television. It's what I did with Scenes.
thank you!!! ahh i was so nervous! but it ended up being really fun. :)
I think he agreed with you. WiD was one of his few stories he considered art. He either listed them in "History" or in his letters
Softball Games all day today. Let's go Magic <3
I have been watching the news all day. I now believe this election has more at stake than any before in my lifetime.
La vie est injuste.
#AtlanticWoW wherever there are children there are 1 balls 2 your lap is not your own 3 all parents want the same for their kids
i know thats what i'm afraid of!!!
wish I could have hung out with you and last night
This is shaping up to be perhaps the most awesome day in recent memory.
would love to be one of the 10 in test as well
Just keeps getting better!
Your bullshit start smelling, and you wonder why your record aint selling.
I love it when it's more humid than it is warm by more than 10% points...NOT! Dying today...
=) Watching The Narnia movies w my dad since it's storming too much to go anywhere lol
Ah. Now the song is back in my head again!
Thanks for the mention COMAT. Have a good day!
I like Miley' s voice very much. :-D
are you going to consider At&t as one of the carriers that will be in the future list?
Dude tu découvres Rachel McAdams ? No way. J'impose une séance de rattrapage... You won't be sorry.
An Englishman teaching an American about food is like the blind leading the one-eyed,
Aw no fun!! LAX and the DMV are two places I could definitely see as fire pits in hell. ;) Hope all goes well!
Busto the 5k 6m. Floating around the Rio waiting for 10k PLO to start.
*Staring intensely, tracking her movements in the kitchen* Find out how…Yes…
It's FINALS week for - come to on Wednesday to help pick the winner! The winning team records a promo CD!
In my opinion they were good. You should remember haters gonna hate no matter what,
And BTW... Thanks for the appreciation. It's nice to know I gave up my job and a month away from my parents to help someone who doesn't care
Dear neighbor, really? 3 doors down?
follow my team
watching it now!
Happy birthday to the beautiful. May all of your wildest dreams and fantasies come true on this special day of wonderment
Raining a bit in Raw-lee. 'Nothing much to announce. Trader Joes wasn't particularly busy.
haha no I'm headed downtown! We're barely moving on 90 it's terrible
You know what? I know things that you don't know about!
how much wood could a wood chuck chuck if the wood chuck was chuck Woodson. Best u m player of all time. Stop woodley bias.
You: "Are you free tomorrow?" Me:"No, I'm expensive, Sorry"
Midwest & NE US about to get nailed with more snow. What happened to global warming? Guess we'll get some great snow photos.
c/mon we should all go. You gals and Henry can take pics of us!
It is not sufficient to be worthy of respect in order to be respected.
We had our first All Team Meeting of 2012....we have an amazing team with wonderful ideas!
Did you always have your father in mind for the role...great casting by the way!
next time, look at the lens, not the mirror. You so cute.
It's always fun to learn more about the dark underbelly of academia (and it's often very dark), today courtesy of et al.
Hope your finals are coming along well. Any plans for the summer? Wishing you the best!
what is mt shasta ski bowl
Lmfaooooo only me& my mother <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Why are half the films in my #Netflix instant queue suddenly DVD only? Thanks, fuckers! I'm officially DONE WITH YOU.
Is that a pic of Benny on your laptop? B/C he almost doesn't look real. Nil!!
This weekend.
"Snow flakes are one of nature's most fragile things; but look at what they can do together." ~Vesta Kelly
When we quit being bestfriends, I did the best I could not to let you see the pain..</3
Just saw The Nutcracker, it's impossible not to respect the work the dancers put in.
Obama spent $2Trl, now goina fix roads that will take over a yr. to get ready, it's too late now we r broke
I <3 smile flashers.
Lift him up in prayer, just pray that he finally grows up & gets some sense. LOL
How is it already 4:15?! Busy day, but wouldn't have it any other way :)
he will, he follows me .
“: Dear DOMS, You Suck!! Sincerely, My Ass” Is "Doms" my nickname?
I miss you!
Thanks you :)
Sigur Rós needs a separate username :)
She didn't kill herself. Society did.
is having a wonderful morning.
im going too beeddd now. lol
I really like this kid and i womt settle for anything less:)
Need 24x7 access to a #virtualoffice or #meetingspace in #newyork? Davinci can grant you access in several areas of manhattan! dv.co
#indieview a1: I like Doig too. And I 'm a huge Montana fan...!
Slept 3 hours last night... 1:50 a.m. flight to la Patagonia tonight...
Just a reminder the clocks go up an hour today
so Wht and Austin has a twitter
yeah even if the unions merge, it's a savings of $830 compared to joining both separately now.
Now listening to Spoon...it's finally Friday!
not sure either. Wish I could help.
Ugh. Another week of Tebow worship. Gag me.
Need some emu oil or H2Ocean spray? Well, today only all aftercare products 30% off today!! Just mention Facebook. Pssst-tell your friends.
I will be listening to my recordings again while you do the Breakthrough live! I feel it will be a good refresher.
HE'S USE TO ALWAYS BE WIT BIG BOI
To honor Tasha Marie Kniep's memory we are closing the shop all day tomorrow for her memorial service.
On our way to club liv :)
U.S. PRIVATE-SECTOR EMPLOYMENT INCREASED BY 170,000 JOBS IN JANUARY, ACCORDING TO ADP NATIONAL EMPLOYMENT REPORT ADP Source
One week in with my new Windows 7 system. Loving it!
Dr sue needs sleep.......
MarkDanielMusic.com is now up and running!
Nice shelf cloud, Alaina.
being lazy haha. Maybe gonna walk to Starbucks
We love Louisville! Keep Music alive and strong there! Thanks Louisville!
iPhone could be half the size of a normal iPhone, and it may have a strong focus on internet-streamed media and “cloud” storage
knock it outa tha park tonight Maestro! ( pardon my mixed metaphor ;))
I liked Jeremy Drake's answer: more people. We can do so much more if we have the people we need for the work.
Your a fake ass bitch:)
- amazing what happens when $$$ is no object. re: incredibly comfortable Bridgepoint chairs
cleaning a potty chair is much nastier than changing a diaper. for some reason i thought olivia being potty trained would be easier. fyi.
Fantastic! We'll be glad to see you.
Session at 3 today is a good day
Good one Jalen..
Don't be caught ouchea, niggas is savages..
it would be better if we were playing well, it's horrible! Miss ya mr smith
Huntsman blames political labels (red/blue/MSNBC) and everyone taking a side for the "great divide"
Ah man I knew it. Congrats man you are awesome!
Wonder if I should use my old retainers... Hm
my friend and I would faithfully rob a bank for you!
Melinda, do you work with actors and models as a makeup artist?
yea I'm out here
While shopping at RaeLynn's Prom & Social Occasion Boutique, 'Check-in' on Facebook or Foursquare to receive 20% off all accessories!
It's 5:00 am and time for Tumblr then bed. Hope everyone has a wonderful Thursday! Goodnight and sweetdreams my friends. :) *Hugs* <333 Shan
“Remember, Remember…”
Hope to see lots of Craft-O-Tron fans at the Gallery Crawl tonight! Don't forget to jiggle!!
LOL my dad almost got in a accident today when he bought his new car not even 24 hours ago...
eggs+salsa+toast=me eating dinner like a teenage boy.
good game heat played real good 45-17
welcomed its newest advisor, Stephen Counts, to the Tampa office today!!
I swear, by my life and my love of it, that I will never live for the sake of another man, nor ask another man to live for mine. - Ayn Rand
hey! Been away from twitter for a few days... Hope u feel better soon!
is that unexpected?
Venting on Twitter because no one else cares >>>
Right. Until we heard the price. Would like him in the mix next year tho.
Take risks
I had never seen a Russ Meyer still in person until now. Thank you
great alphas finally!!!!
By 1960, what percentage of #American households owned a #television?
UB: Come to an Info Session this week to learn more about Alpha Kappa Psi and the Beta Iota Chapter, Thursday 5 PM at Jacobs 122
Would you rather be cold or RED HOT??!! 10 am Power starts in 2 hrs and 17 mins. Show those cookies that there's no place to hide.
25 days for the half marathon race at Disney World. Will try to eat mostly raw food and drink fresh juice every day
Wish was home so we could enjoy the #mobwives marathon together.
It is getting harder to separate Onion headlines with real headlines coming out of the house. What are they putting in that tea?
heading to Oshkosh, WI for a 5K run with some fellow tour guides
I'm at the beach
Today in 2001 the #Cubs scored 8 runs in the 8th & 9th innings and crushed the #Dodgers 20-1.
Can you go to the mall tommorow??:)
please elaborate on this tax&spend proposal.
The view from up here is absolutly breathtaking. Cannot wait to come back! :D
“: I want taco bell!” me too!
BETTY YOUR AMAZING. LOVE YOU GURL.
Gee, your hair smells terrific.
That's gotta hit all the food groups, right? :)
really Thoo. Why can't they choose different colors lmao.
Plain water used for gargling daily helps to relieve #cold infections and soothe the throat. You can use it mixed with lemon, salt or honey.
Why now?! You care now?! Where was this before?! I've learned that you should care the whole time because you never know when time is up.
Example of when you need to breathalyze before you tweet after 10pm... RT : I'm the fuckin man, y'all don't get it do ya?
A. I accept your challenge B. chicken cordon bleu C. I'm okay with that lol
Beautiful Saturday evening to everybody, hope that we are spending time with those that we love, after all, life is but a vapor.
:P Princess the French Poodle musings
Olympus Group is exhibiting at the IAAPA Show Nov. 15-18th in Orlando, Florida. Check us out at Booth 3860.
Sunday Market best today - lor bak , rpp , and RACHEL
Seriously you suck. Its a Friday night going towards downtown and youre single tracking? Be functional!
SUPER RAD. Global hip-hop class? Students at #Oxy are so lucky :)
Really Babe, you wanna go hiking? I'm down to go anytime
Late Casher: money line parlay NHL: Detroit Red Wings and St Louis.
Lol... Apparently, I'm the only person knows who literally spells the letters "LOL" out loud instead of actually laughing.
when is your birthday?
Yeah..... Noon class was cancelled. Class only at 2 now, life is GOD being a lazy fuck!
#Today @ 1pm Nicholas Spilotro will present “the Beginnings of Verismo in Italian Literature and Opera."
*waves to Tomas*
Dang moving back sucks when you have so much shit!!!! Fml<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
the mid west is amazing. How's the city life
That would be great - thanks for the kind offer! Same goes if you make it up to Portland.
Green velvet on the decks..
im kinda hyper this morning! this sucks. cant wait til jerry springer comes on.
especially if it's too some Motown music.
Just saw emma stone at joe's pizza, displaying all the table manners you'd ever want in a girl.
I feel like its been a long time! :) But hope all is good! Love Chuuu! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
and are the real deal!
Just because somebody doesn't love you the way you want them to, doesn't mean they don't love you with all they have.
Thanks for the RT! :)
I also apologize to those who follow me AND kind of want to read my book at some point. My twitter's spoiler city sometimes.
": Bitch I got dat flame" call me bby
Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly. -Robert F. Kennedy
*still waiting on daps* on my investing genius....<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A>
I cant fukn wait till he leave next week to go outa town for a month!!
Im gonna get a tattoo forsure!!!
hahahahaaha if you keep it up, i might have too!!! its not like your giving a speech, what are you so nervous about? DO IT DO IT
Can't really explain how sweet + validating the response to has been // thanks, dear friends
yeah I need some coaches I'll send you some info you can check out and let me know what you think
Reasons I love teaching: It allows me to say things like "This is Plutarch channeling Rick Santorum"
Bryan Adams is great too!
hard to believe how different my life was a year ago today...
that awkward moment when someone says they like nickelback..
Lead us not into Penn Station
Bedtime for bonzo see yallll when I see youse cats dream iconic stay biscuit be chrome. Have fun at whatever you do remember your heart gps!
just remember that everyone from Beethoven to (current popular musician) has dealt with the same thing.
The wise sees Brahman as the supreme unmanifest Reality. And not as the manifest world of plurality.
Watching my baby girl on TV.
AP is struggling
I am lucky because I have a next to me love <U+2665>
Back to Back shots! Break up the Birds!
& Nicolette doesn't hate us at all. Just <U+270B>
It's still disconcerting to see liberal writers worried about judicial activism.
man...surprisingly that sounds good...
The in Philly is free today for all to see Maurice Sendak's art & archives. Can't make it? Have a wild rumpus anywhere.
Cool 2 see we have > 3K followers @ ! Will continue 2 share & inform on trafficking, exploitation & the awesome power of girls.
you will need to know on test day
every city I think of that may be eligible falls into the same oops.. only 3 teams category.
Well, if lit candles on the cake cause a problem, you'll be in safe hands!
Who TF you in the bed with?!?!? O__O
a QB in the 1st would be the dumbest move if it's do or die this season for Reid.
Pop, Pop, Flip, Flip, Look who's in town? Meitrack in in Mexico! Yes, this is our slogan for Expo Transporte 2011.
she was talking. I didn't want to interrupt. My grandma use to slap me for interrupting talking. Well, at least hers..
they've got photoshop!:)
Rise of the Fund-it Pundits - Joystiq
You guys should go check out TB Promotions ;)
How is Carlos Lee shaken up after that? He weighs 400 pounds.
#IveAlwaysWantedTo go up to you in the middle of the street and kiss you in the pouring rain.
There r strange noises outside including a owl, frog (could be a cricket), and annoying neighbors..
OH: "I don't read emails that make me sad from home." Now that's a good policy.
Well, I assume you aren't going there for a gay wedding.
Shots on me!!!!where u @?
WHAT!?!? Where/when will you be performing? Welcome to Texas btw.
Get that Bikini Body with Isagenix! No more "bikini diet"...go for "bikini nutrition!"
Stop the presses!
Your listener having hard time HEARING you? Don't lean to the listener. Speak up, project your voice. Leaning in is supplication, begging
Working on MIDI and guitar leads for the new song today! Can't wait to release this stuff!!!
No warnings at the moment in the #NBC15 Viewing area. We will keep you updated if that changes.
what's happening lil butt
Hate we didn't get amille but ill take the class we have as is. Good luck with the dookies
but can we retweet it? ;)
“The story is not in the words; it's in the struggle.” -- Paul Auster
Consider a rewards credit card. Many will give 2% on ALL purchases
Haha....was bout to cry listening to love drunk.! I miss nativity.!
Aw, thanks! I have so very few of them. ;-)
Off to job number 2. Off at 10
Don't be surprised if Giants beat Packers next week. Eli can torch GB defense. NYG D-line needs to make Rodgers make mistakes.
Opened Netflix Played Saw 4 Slept through the entire thing
Kid is presenting with two black eyes right now..
Why did organized society stop wearing togas as dress clothing? Seems way more comfortable than a suit.
Just say no to the Devil's Carrot Sticks.
ugh make it for meeh .... i dont feel like making it lol
you are so precious and if i get to hold you i'll never let you go. i'll be there always
What does everyone think of the crazy Gap Logo incident this week? Blog post about it and other #SocialMedia headlines coming soon.
Honored employees with 30 years of service to residents
Mother is only ticketed w/ illegal burning.
What a pleasure to meet Arlene from ! Thank you so much for checking out EmBo.
weekly report to directors in EM, or outside of the org?
did u ever think that maybe sometimes there is reason to speak out? No we live in a perfect world right?
Do your Marketing Technology Tools talk to each other?
i know the dos and donts now...
Great. Enjoy the show.
R.I.P. Heavy D
We look forward to having a jewelry party with the ladies of ! Champagne and cupcakes with pink frosting are in order ;)
I look for thoughtful posts on lib tech, repos or Doctor Who. Which makes you a bit of a nexus point, I suppose!
yes sir
I'm watching that right now too!! Haha farm boy strippers...
QOTN by "That girl has a case of #SheThinksShesHot...My response, people are nicer in Canada!
#ripMCA my thoughts and prayers go out to your family and the Beastie Boys!
Just call me Ms. Camerawoman. I shot another video for #BU Orientation this morning. Looks and sounds good. Who knew I could do this?
I mean I lol'd
Lets thank God for this day and this delicious breakfast. Amen.
Good luck to everyone starting #NaPoWriMo and #Scriptfrenzy today! A month of whirlwind writing is ahead of you, but we're all cheerleading!
CAN I COME?!
“: Hosting a local big man on campus today. Really excited to have him. Can help us out & be a contributor right away.”
Michael Powell #ces - old network hub & spoke, all intelligence @ hub; new network has no center, brain w/a billion more neurons
Watching the RnR HoF concert on HBO. Don't give a shit about anything other than Guns N Roses, but their really fun to watch. Adler loves it
#IHateToBreakItToYou but your grandkids are going to be asking you why you didn't support #RonPaul sooner.
I remember those days.
back home! and happy about it
The moment when you wake up in the worst mood ever.
I'm watching viva la bam and man you are so hot!!! <U+2665>
what is it that you want to buy? Clothing, electronics?
Trip on Miller, no foul, and Baron is in serious pain.
No, because I just learned it from you. And I'll have to see it now.
have we met,
Surely the world is full of single intelligent men?
all is well. Waiting for this hatch date.
I hate this girl with a passion & imma text zaamirah happy birthday later on today
Jim Delany: "Let's put all of the "M" and most of the "I" teams in one division and the "P" teams in another and see what happens.
Shoutout to for his selection to coach @ the USA Hoop Summit. Long way from Allentown Boy's & Girl's Club! Lol...
Trying to switch my sleep schedule around. Hello actual morning.
Man cannot discover new oceans unless he has the courage to lose sight of the shore. -Andre Gide
Getting my mind prepared to hear & run it Monday night. Kansas scares no one!!!
- Totes agree with u! One of my all time faves. Need to watch it again soon. How are you? Long time no see. Hope all is fabu!
Everyone at coffee shops look lonely but no one ever talks to each other.
But I follow u
How's that SACK taste Eli?
I'm so caffeinated right now that I'm gonna EXPLODE!!!!
Truer words cannot be spoken bout Fenway! Best park in the MLB! But go YANKEES! No worries cream rises to the top eventually
Monsters fans, your team needs you tonight. Come down to The Q, fan appreciation night, and a Monsters win gets them in the playoffs.
Gonzaga and DeMatha both at 17 at the end of the first quarter.
Recruiting elementary teachers to take part in the Math Madness challenge on www.bubbabrain.com
RT : It is only by following your deepest instinct that you can lead a rich life.
Someone text me!! I'm so bored!
whoa. Amazing
Lol.. says rappers should be able to use "making it rain" as a tax write off
Just may stop by #NEXT Generation at tonight
So glad you were born ! Happy birthday!!
#iPhone batteries are too leaky. like water. must. carry. On! 30 minutes use and only 79% left...need to hydrate. this can't last.
Thanks 4 the follow! Have a great day!
haha okay will do :)
The most important decision I had to make was wither I wanted to play inside or out...
prob safe to say, album of the year.
Xavier, xavier, xavier. How do you not find Heslip in transition before everyone else?
I find it so crazy that everyone knows everyone in some way... Fuckin small world
Living in Las Vegas is like living on the sun but hotter...
Can you believe we introduced our Hand-Spun Milkshakes only 5 years ago? What's your favorite flavor?
Winner winner chicken dinner.
Yes we do. LOL
Us: "Just write down your email to win" Guy: "oh I can't write at this point" now that's a sign of a good party :) (via )
dang...missed you!
I love this and totally agree... it is a mantra now.
NAACL reviewing assignments were disappointing but ACL looks bright.
What did you eat?
• I expected them to call a pitcher from the minors immediately after last night's game.
Haha, I PROMISE to do my best to NEVER have that happen again!
I wanna live in La La Land soo muuuuuuchhh!!! I beg that like crazy!
We need a graphic designer to work on site for a few days. Know someone in the Seattle area to work in our new Cap Hill offices?
no biggie my dude !!
I Need To Go To NY...I wanna see what a real skyscraper looks like
hahah ANY job is better than 54!! And yeah, I'll see if I can squeeze you into my sched ;)
#Avengers was the bomb!!!
that's happened to me before! I know the pain.
Welcome new followers glad to see you
Twitter: n: A device for playful banter without showing you my 9,000 boring pictures.
#MyFirstYearAtFAMU Fried Chicken Wednesday was MANDATORY!
IT'S FUCKING HOT
So they are clearing every Occupy camp........ Smh... We are sociology based, so we talk about everything, mainly the #SJS project*smile
You can thank for that little bit o' magic!
heading to a cookout with , then practicing for
The game show on bet might as well be canceled lol
I'm kind of loving this rain...though I'll probably change my tune when I actually have to go out and walk in it...
my dude was up? I been outta sync wit y'all we gotta link back up!
Stravinsky! RT ..then the UK in January; NYC in Septemeber(?); Seattle, Paris, Rome, Nashville, Toronto..& many more!
Getting geared up for another neighborhood bbq this weekend. I love our community. We keep it simple and we all feel supported.
And the Peds are out of the tournament. :(
Even though I went for a run already, I'm still going to out hustle in b ball today
Car shopping, at a distance this time-bo
That lonely moment when the only text you get is from your phone company.
Funky Promotion's next show 11/30 Southgate House Newport, Kentucky ... Playing with a live drummer!
Congrata to chara and thomas.. Way to go guys...
Goodbye, hot teacher
John Payton project on air right now!! they're about to perform live!
Umm the first time I've ever wanted to be on #TheBachelor wasn't cause of the romantic dates but those hookers got to swim w/sharks! Jealous
#Amazon coming to Tennessee would be great for our economy, but Tennessean's will be penalized by the sales tax.
Thanks for the RT :)
I think he was looking to launch some kind of startup so I decided not to go over bc I didn't want him to think I heard his idea.
I appreciate it but I definitely need a break from wrestling by the time we get all three of these done. Need a palate cleanser
: RT : at least im in the 38 percent now 62% of people tell an average of 2-3 lies per minute of conversation.?
Thanks for following back :)
Healing happens in the moment! Use your moments wisely and with good intention.
de nada :D
o bop bop!
was fired that means #ArsenioHall won? WTF is going on with #DonaldTrump! I call BS :-P
Don't you ever get too comfortable
balls back, bitches.
The resistance training group lost an average of 3
I can't sleep!
a few chapters in to your new book...love the "gospel prayer" concept!
worlds colliding, you guys!
#NowPlaying Receivers – Keep It Low
they wanted that coveted West Florida market, they're obviously not at the game so they must be watching it on tv
I <3 my Nook RT First impressions of Apple's new #iPad? "Retina display" is an absolute stunner
HOLY SHIT I AM SO EXCITED FOR TONIGHT
Iran Begins Nuclear Talks With Six Nations Talks between Iran and six world powers about the aims of its nuclear-enrichment program began
happy follow beautiful
#FF TY for the follow & greetings from Florida. Happy to follow back.
Looking forward to tonight's Irving Democrats meeting. Hope to see you there! Rancho Restaurant at 1210 East Irving Blvd, 6:30pm.
My goal is to be at SXSW next year.
If the B1G officials are calling fouls one one side of the court they need to call them on the other side too. Ridiculous!
you're talking to the mirror again , arent you ;)
I hope he comes but ignores you
are home groups tomorrow?
I was wondering if you'd take me to the mall ? (;
Not sure I do either.. but I'm going with it!
So lazy-i don't want to work or do anything today
The Agile methods represent an alternative to conventional methods
Sorry for the rapidfire posts last night- started a blog to link ya'll to my full length poems and accidentally posted several @ once!
As much as I am enjoying being back in the Pacific Northwest... I could see myself returning to the Southwest in the future.
lol your welcome (: lol its so funny .
"Elisha had become sick with the illness of which he would die" (2 Kings 13:14) and to think, he had a double portion of the Spirit.
On the waterfront, cloud formation calming as the sun slowly sets.
Hundred racks on the role it light up like a casino
Rolen has a mangina. But in his defense, that looked a tad outside.
haha it's true though
The folks from are completely revamping my house. Wow. Wow. Amazing people.
Oh these times are hard and they're making us crazy. Don't give up on me baby.
wow they have really been on a roll lately
I wonder if Doug Mientkiewicz will attend the Fenway ceremony. He played just 36 games there in a Sox uniform but certainly made his mark.
ok paul will bring it
has similar reactions to scary stuff that I do. Hahaha! I would cry if that happened to me. Then kill whoever did it. Lmaooo.
doing a story about it and want to get in touch with creators for your perspective. thanks!
awesome poster
Huge 4th , the big 4 stepped up. This is a hard working , very special team.
me when I'm already on the computer
#FemaleSexComplaints Unless your girl starts laughing while tears come down her face, she's FAKING IT
I am sick of stalkerware
yeah buddy no offense brotha but Ryan has to go home for a while untill he realizes what a great opportunity he has
if there's one thing i never take seriously, it's my alarm clock. 8 alarms. 8. and i didn't hear any of them.
no duhh! Its one of My favorite songs by her!
Why are all of my cabinet doors always open? could you come close them for me?
Nice! Glad you saw a win! “: nope...jump around of course!!”
#AskSanta to bring me
Let me guess...Patrick Kane? sent me a photo. Made my morning while sitting in an absurdly boring lecture.
The reason I exercise is for the quality of life I enjoy
Thanks! Do you play any sports?:)
just make your suga momma pay you way tonight ; )
God I love visiting wisconsin. people are so nice here.
It's about time my state stopped being the most embarrassing state in the union. Thanks NC.
Finally done loading the u-haul for father-in-law, great times! Myrtle beach/Lake Norman or Bust!
Preparing for a Planning Bd Mtg on our 5 unit sustainable housing project!
lack of piano in my hotel room was always the biggest downside to travel
Using #drawsomething almost wakes me up better than breakfast.
shot of Jameson!
Good to know for this summer :)
Glad to be around, Rory. :)
Flying to #Orlando today for #VCE training tomorrow!
That Is The Best Movie In The World, Hater!
Huh. Turns out mornings are way less stressful when you leave early.
Warren Moon is an ass - "scripted and disingenuous in interviews." <--- description of Jimmy Clausen last year.
haha yea I can't wait to see it someday. I consider myself fake Irish for now ha
Wow, today's just been bullshit. One thing after another.
Working at home today with a sick boyfriend and a sick cat. Crossing my fingers that my stuffy nose doesn't turn into something more...
My sunburn stings with the intensity of a thousand suns.
I am so glad that today was better than yesterday. I dont know if its the crappy weather or what. :)
2 min video clip to introduce the case scenario on discussion board #dtl2011 #dietribes @
Love the page has set up to start your #PRSSA National Conference fundraising. Great idea!
Releasing new single, merch, webstore, and more info TOMORROW via at inspireandinfect.com check our FB page for the info! RT!
I want to RT everything y'all are saying right now.
Every time I sit me and my fiance!Quarrel over who will get a reply from you! please I want to get a reply from you!Please Please!!
Great! I have a new goal to start tweeting once a day during the week - it's a great way for academics to have a voice! Goodluck!
I love how I never come on here anymore
Sad to see you go. Thank you for all your help.
S/O to the chusma in my class. Great job, keep it up.
I miss my cats. ...I have this firm belief that cats are the meaning of life...
#allgamejobs Any Level Designers with A FPS Experience want to be a part of an amazing project on the west coast?
You have known me nearly half my life if you remember my Buick... AKA The Bulldozer!! LOL
Best seats in the house. Let's go jets!
grow up and stop being such a bully
Thanks for the suggestion! I have rather wide calves so it takes forever to find boots.
It is so freaking hot out here, oh my God.
hey Monica said 350 for VIP and goes on sale tomorrow 4pm:0
Have moved all podcasts into Instacast and am stoked. All I am tethered to laptop is for is playlist updating
You've been working hard all week - come relax at Happy Hour from 4-6 tonight! Enjoy half-price appetizers, $5house wines and specialty...
Nope haha.. she doesnt text me first now though lol
o is for the only one I see
Where is my blazer buddy tonight? Wondering what you think with Rudy and Roy out?
THE WANTED !
sorry, I could not figure out the system to enter my panel's abstract/title. It seemed like I was updating MY info. Sent an email.
there's just no better crazed battle face than Mel Gibson's. I always wish the French Queen can save him at the end.
I foresee copious amounts of alcohol and some sore abs on the horizon
I Recently Came To Terms With My Homosexuality and Accepted The Fact That I'm Gay!
Our favorite books are 15% off this month! We've gone through so many "Staff Picks" stickers, we had to mail-order more!
no thanks.
Getting new ink from Dirk at
hahahaha that made my night
Fully agree, but I'm not sure it's the 'WTFU' people I'm concerned with.At least something's coming out of their face
Thanks for coming out & supporting the tournament. Hope you had a blast watching the mad skills like we did
I hope this week goes as fast as last weeks
13 hours of sleep
thanks Ed - I really dig visiting NYC, but I'm more and more excited about living in ATL, and now I bought a house so I have to ;)
#TheAvengers was everything I wanted it to be and more! Such an awesome movie! I can't wait to see it again!!!
Someone great!!
this is so awkward ....
Hey you hope all is well.
like u rite?
Yay teamwork! You girls are awesome!
Teenage taggers caught in an unusual way in Molalla-- find out how on KGW NewsChannel 8 at 11!
Love is a matter of chemistry, sex is a matter of physics.
wishful thinking is an understatement.
Please Remove Your Hats And Rise For The Chicagoist Baseball Playlist
Oh, got it!
dangerous precedent you starting.... is this a coming out?
is this girl really fake!! HahahhhhahHhahahha
#TGIF Good morning followers! Today's shout outs go to and - thanks for checking in with us!
You got me for a sec. Old article ha.
missing you tonight.
I wish I was still in bed <U+E13C>
Cabaret pit rehearsal + Evil Dead closing night = YAY!
Fun Fact: i love ... but that's nothing new.
Happy 175th Birthday Chicago!!!
Ballots are the rightful and peaceful successors to bullets. Abraham Lincoln
for sure.
Your Lakers!! Do Do
Thank you for the holiday card!
Somebody call me or text me
10 new remixes coming out soon - thx 4 all the support on youtube and the show!
Keep doin ya thing because people are gonna talk about you either way, might as well give 'em something to talk about
#whosgonnalose - Chicago at Detroit - Detroit will lose
hahahaha best part is definitely the bottle
bumpin ST Camp in the ride today...reunion album coming soon haha
It's hard enough to predict the weather for 2 weeks, how can a college basketball analyst predict the 4 No. 1 seeds for NCAA next year?
Changed My Avi And My Background! U Likey?
Your films are great! Unguardable is the best so far!
(Feature Films Coming Soon)**
A nice stoudt to sip is excellent. Ah... I love
thanks for the follow on Friday. Have fun tonight!
waiting for a rescue team to get a snake out of a drain, about 5/6 of us out here and I'm gonba try and get the scoop!.
wish I would have met your NYC crew...you know, so when I move there with you I already have friends.
i bought him a ring... i afraid he wont like it
if a day you to see my tweet, follow me? 'cause I never give up, I love u! Follow the other? luv u a lot xoxox<3
figures...I just called who I thought was an honest plumber..and all he wanted to talk about was how good I look - he's history
speights got some gollum looking teeth (a sport/nerd comment)
So if the Spurs lose this fine ass milf I get to see everyday has to buy me lunch ;-)
I love Sunday mornings when the sky is blue. My backyard is full of flowers and critters..looks like a scene from Bambi..minus the deer,lol
RT if you're bored. D;
Silver Stars led by 9 in first half - lead by 2 at end of 3rd quarter.
Satisfied with the movie portrayal of
Well said! : Heisman or not, you've had a season for the ages. (Now go get us some roses!)
good morning!!! Or evening I guess :)
Saying a prayer for you tonight ! What you all are doing is very inspiring! Stay safe!
gearing up for sunny & super fun weekend ~ yay! Mighty Slim Pickins Saturday night at El Rio!
TODAY'S MY LAST DAY OF SCHOOL....WHOAAAAAAAH!!!!!
Do you have a favorite tattoo? If so, what is it??
DW isn't a park...it's not really anything. Its undeveloped urban land. No one really gets any use out of it...
yeah I can't stand it
First five field goals for the Clippers were dunks...Wow.
Rosanna Arquette's terrible French Canadian accent in Whole 9 Yards was better than Megan's parents' on
good luck! my fingers are crossed for ya
I went to jail thursday at 8 pm. Was released friday at 12 midnight. Im free!!! That was some b.s.
Why time is right fir syartups: Lean startup strategy allows innovators to iterate constantly and provide feedback, efficacy to user
both boo from VSA and Yay for you....you just missed I am guessing.
Hi Karen. Great to meet you too. If you have any follow-up questions, please let me know. Good luck with all that you do.
I could never blame you! It's either or 's fault. ;-) (kidding y'all!) You were great company!
is it raining in London? Just in Seattle, rained every day. Shooting in L.A. next week, so thankful.
you got.
Giving me dirty looks in the doesnt scare me ahaha
Proud to be an actor
I make my wife turn on music while I'm in here.
4 days and we're outta here! #JetLife #StartMySummerRight<U+2708><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Super excited about a story I've been reporting that is probably printing in The Times tomorrow. I shot a video for it too.
me too
Morality is complex. Some people don't feel things. RT Ohh I'm so mad at Cary! Damn you for being gorgeous and evil.
Rain on my way to work this AM! And i forgot how to turn on my windshield wipers :)
Just read: Dr. Oz suggests your waist size should be half of your height. My goal? 33".
text me cuzzo
can we PLEASE?! in fact, I've decided we can just stay there..
Currently listening to "Good and Bad" The vocal arranging gives me everything I need right about now.
Got to start somewhere...
Lebron about to go off!
Man never made any material as resilient as the human spirit. ~ Bern Williams
Im addicted to ink
i do? lol and who is the one followin u?
Well, I've been saved my the grace of southern charm. I got a mouth like a sailor and yours is more like a Hallmark card.
#philatics: super sweet guy!! final four tonight...I'm SO excited!:)
You are welcome. Please let your fans know we are having a giveaway this week for a 42" TV. Enter on FB.
R.I.P. Rashied Ali and Les Paul.
on our way to Smith's Olde Bar in Atlanta tonight... come out and say hello!
This is one of those days where I wish the term "bitches" was part of my hourly vocabulary. I'm still just a rat in a cage!
LOL an old lady, thanks :)
“: I LOVE THAT NEW JOINT #PIDD AYE”
Fights over male pattern baldness? I'm busting out my bands now. Who got the right blow?RT : Brento's right blow made my night
Support your local entrepreneurs!
Aww that is great!!
One of the reasons I love zipcar is the variety - and, thanks to that, I now know how shit the BMW 328i is to drive.
I'll be at the top soon/for now I'm at my house/on the couch/watching cartoons<3
I always go in the store for one thing come out with like 10 . -_-
an apartment in Brighton would be a very good midway point for everyone. You should take a look!
I have blackmail for If he really wants me to show it!
*singing* Happy Birthday to you, Happy Birthday to you, Happy Birthday Dear Liz, Happy Birthday to you!
My sweetheart is on Huckabee tonight on Fox in case you missed it earlier. He said that Mike is nice and even talked to his mom on phone.
This month of may i shall beseech the lord
Have you been to the one in Chicago? (assuming so lol) Amazeballs as you would say ;)
August 25 come on
I've put up a new discussion and I'm looking forward to seeing your responses!
I think it's hilarious, actually.
Aside from #Diablo3 and #Starcraft2, any other amazing PC games from the last few years I should pick up when my new desktop arrives?
tell me about it! every fri and sat night i'm like damn me and ang would be goin ham right now if we were at BSU lol
I know right ?! -___-
A huge shout out to Vegas for returning me to Boise in one piece.
There is more to life than status quo living. Jesus followers, there is a LOT of work to do. Building His kingdom is a must.
I've got hiccups...
Thank U 4 explaining Y we never solve probs. if we do there's no way 2 produce cable news special, i.e. The #TrayvonMartin Killing
Ouch those two loses hurt but it's cool next game we're coming better then ever
When keeping it real goes wrong
ty have a great weekend
Rod Blagojevich sentenced to 14 years. However, his hair is still awaiting trial.
sends THANKS to the cast and crew of To Kill a Mockingbird! Simply AMAZING!
Today in church sum boy kept singing werid waz praying:please make it stop n the music stop she said that can work too
#DanceMoms HELL YEAH.
Looking forward. In 2012, daughter will turn 10, son will turn 7, & I will turn 35. I'm fully expecting the whole year to be awesome!
"Wankers And Bollocks" in the Morning....
check us out! we're new to vegas and looking to meet some people :]
Left my purse at the boar's nest tonight. Thank you to the sweet bartender who kept it safe for me!
Despite it all, segregation persists. - James Farmer, Lay Bare the Heart
My liquid life is comprised of IPA. Lol.
Do you want to meet at the house Friday at 6pm and drive up together with Brian? Derek will have to take moms car so he can come back S ...
Does want to work for me on Thursday this week? :)
The moon was huge last night! Werewolf mode!
Want to dine out ethically? Check out this awesome new guide from
Sometimes I go a few hr or a few days without tweeting sometimes I tweet back to back to back
Havin' to know tht one of my friends is bulimic&anorexic hurts;i wish i could do somethin'...imma try my best to put a stop to it:))
I love you
. I can see it being so, yes. What real power/visibility do these venues have?
you know it!
War is cruel and you cannot refine it.
Mmhm Cause What? And Nothing In Wendys Drive Thru. .
LMAO at my background on here...
Just read above 220 can cause infection, amputation, and vision damage over time. Scary shit.
My roommate said she'd be the Bamboobanator ... and I would be LoboLoca-Motive
Hey Last I checked, Yo hurt his knee playing baseball. Gamel, too.
yea he from there ANTON BUTLER
I love how you explained everything proper haha:) he's amazing!! i so agree with you:')
can we all slow down and enjoy right now?
he might be average but he a hell of a lot better than anything the skins had the last four years
Seems like the new gimmick in the tchr eval process calls for peer reviews, not only from admins. Will require PD to do it right.
crooked i,ras kass,camp lo,DECA.... and never get shit twisted pal....
and it continues... This is down right pathetic.
Getting ready to start a new day soon. but first must have coffee. So far my reading is coming along just fine...Will soon be put to test.
thanks Jon. Great to hear. If I can help with anything let me know.
In retrospect, I think it's my favorite
medium body, nice berry fruit, very food friendly and very enjoyable. Will be buying more.
. Oh, delightful! I'm flying home on a Saab-Fairchild 340 manufactured no later than 1985. I am NOT amused.
Thank God i'm amazing and can get ready in less than 30 minutes...but with that said, does anyone know of an alarm clock attached to a light
Hope I Passed My Test Today!!!!!!!
KINGS ISLANDS!!!!!
Fill up the goblet and reach to me some! Drinking makes wise, but dry fasting makes glum. ~ William R. Alger
I'm crying.. Because.. not seeing this.. Or did he see this? RT please please!!!!
Disneyland with my favorite people :)
Coming from you John, I am sure people will listen. You are trash!
Thanks for the laugh! I cracked up at work today -- the ugly laugh, where you sound like a hyena. lol
Shaq Diesel was my first cd, so I'm taking pretty hard as well.
i asked if there was an e-mail address instead: "none that i know. fax is the best way." found an address on the website in 5 seconds. sigh.
I so doubt that! Talk was great and great fun, and so... onwards
Going to for some fun! :-)
Fuck! These ppl went crazy in April of 1992!
lmao honestly that was terrible but hysterical! Were gonna be reunite w the place next month ahhaahah
I love me some haterz Thx for letting me know I'm doing my job
Always stressed out at the end of school years
when your home alone and choke on juice and get used to the fact your probably going to die alone..
AMAZING for a rookie. week 2 rookie of the week
justin is so pale down there... lmfao its sexy on him
It's a beautiful day in SD! I need to get outside!
been reading the Iliad really wonderful new translation by Anthony Verity. Book two has what is called a catalog of ships
They think they know better than us. How elitist! Also, I know better than them. Not elitist.
So what's new world?
There's something about a burger that makes late nights at work more bearable.
ya contrary to my notions, it was yummy and fulfilling.Im going to be more open to experimenting now on.
are you mayor of yet?
Hard Drive been going good all year! now its finals week & it wants to mess up!
rock on guys we should hook up.
Within 2 months of dating I'm over it. Can't seem to find a girl that fits the bill.
Bad thoughts cause illness of the mind, body and spirit
awww thank you (a)
Sitting in my study as a light rain falls outside my open window. Coffee to my right. Writing this morning. Life is good.
Lovely Saturday in Lima Perú, I going to lunch with hubby and family to a nice peruvian restaurant of traditional food from Arequipa!
Bored and i know alot of my friends and followers havent added me on psn yet so do that.... Finesse034
Getting better and better. I've dreamed of traitor #4 on the cart but never actually thought I'd see it.
I expect a photo update :) Most of my doodles happen on DrawSomething haha
why is jmac getting ready to bat...
I'll stop the whole world from turning into a monster . <3 -Paramore
I'm currently thinking of buying the new IPhone 4s or I should wait for the IPhone 5. I'm going to unlock them anyway
Hi dude !!!! bible i don't know anymore :/
Happy birthday to the GOAT..
i feel like an old person but i remember when vending machine candy cost 65cents and now its $1... big increase in 10 years
#LSJ #music cool
we will make you a champion lol
Another Audition Today ! I'm Confident About It ! <3
Self publishing is for the modern day writers who get it.
WTF. Where's the 4th ump? Bad call.
tv sitcom cuz it would be a variety not just about one topic like an hour play or movie :)
Who else is excited for warped tour?! I'm only going to one stop on the tour this year but its the SF one so the weather will be perfect!
Yeah, I'll be available in a few hours hopefully. :)
I get that a lot.
Ima be 17 when I graduate & 17 throughout most of the summer :P
Let's go #Pens and #Steelers, let's #Get-r- dun ! Great to have double feature tonight!!
#Zombies made an awesome topic for search demo in English Comp class. CQ Researcher didn't come through however.Happy Halloween!
No I did not drive 20miles "just" for a nonfat iced chai latte. I picked up TP and diapers too.
Does anybody have a card reader?
in-house position for senior structured finance attorney in #NY for more info email
hey everybody please follow my best friend in the whole world here he is:
Listening to this new track. Straight fire!
When you live in your parents basement aren't you allowed to say whatever you want?
I wanna go shopping. Anybody wanna come?
Hi friends. I miss you!!
I'm playing 's singer songwriter showcase tonight. My slot is 10-11. Lots of other great acts on the bill. (via )
tweet*** okay. I don't do weed but my phone is apparently on something.
#titletalk My school has picked "Smart but Scattered" for this summer.
crying in the shower so no one sees >>>>
My softball coaches are IDIOTS !! why the fuck would they give girls SEE THREW PANTS !?!? fucking idiots !!
Who else thinks it's sad we don't talk about Barbaro anymore?
I like Colin Kaepernick. Big guy, fast, and a rocket arm. If he goes to a good team he could be next Big Ben.
LOL!! Yes last night was SO much fun!! Thank u so much!! And that conversation stays in the vault! Hahaha
literally our lives. at least it's not his feet
What kind of retro website doesn't support Chrome?
GAH! One time I was in a stall at the theatre and one crawled out of the floor drain. YEAH, I DIED.
#stm2012 web site usage software: chart b shows what people have been using on your site
i never knew you were a showtunes guy..and you mock my carly rae fettish
Hey Scott - where exactly are you located? There's a Liberty southeast of Indy and a Liberty Hwy southwest of South Bend.
RT : RT : Dino Rossi just called Patty Murray to concede, according to Murray staff.
So What Is It?
Go lady #Terps! Setting history. Winning ACC Tournaments.
Spread love everywhere you go: First of all in your own house ... kindness in your face, kindness in your eyes, kindness in your smile, kind
WHAT? The German car maker Audi (part of VW) has bought the legendary Italian motorcycle brand #Ducati!
is KO'ing for the night. Lots of pictures to snap tomorrow! This Doc of #Chiropractic shoots! Yay for friends getting hitched! =D
Spotted: on Greenwich ave and 12th street! How are you?!
Grats, GL this week. got the better draw.
alas, no time, but thanks!
Ginger margarita at Spice Market. Yum!
Depends on how far they're willing to go with Peralta at that point.
I cannot stand, "Wow. Just Wow." See also: "Really? I mean really?" and all combinations thereof.
I follow way too many on Twitter.... I may want to fix that in the near future! On a lighter note... LETS GO #STILLERS!
awesome! We'd love to partner with you on the post! If interested, DM us with contact info!
The homemaker has the ultimate career. All other careers exist for 1 purpose only - and that is to support the ultimate career. - C.S. Lewis
Watching hearth cooking going on in the restored kitchen at Thomas Jefferson's Monticello on TV. Too bad I don't have "smellavision"!
Forcing myself to stay awake for the video premier. Love you <3
Trying to keep my head up after that Spain's ridiculous loss to Switzerland.
Here's a suggestion for , , etc: How about blocking all link spam from users with less than 10 followers?
I wish I had a 540 watson
How did Richmond treat you? I wish I could of stopped by to said hi and to keep up good work!
I don't know about yall but this crisp fall air sure feels good to me, smells like hockey season
Mom is biggest Thunder fan on planet. #thunderup! Game on, let's rumble!
It's okay, :D We love you, Dylan! <3
Self serve
Its one thing of calling a track your single & everything u spitting is original. But if it sound like everything else? Then what u call it?
Will this kill Tyreke Evan's value or Thornton?
Tacoma is a separate city. It's 45 minutes south of Seattle haha. It's a pretty big city
Middle seat on a 6 hour red eye.
- you should be proud that you have fans that give there last breaths for you. #TeamMindless now -1 out of a billion fans
If I wore heels, I'd break my neck. ._. That's why I don't wear them. Plus they aren't my style and they hurt. >.<
YOU! Are going to have an amazing, beautiful, perfect Saturday today because YOU deserve it, you've earned it now go live it
Joe Fortenbaugh of National Football Post joins the guys next to talk #NFL head coaches.
Me too! He's written some really interesting experimental fiction.
#BGC I love I am a woman now but I still loved being a BadGirl :-)
You burn bitch, I heard the stories!
what the hell do we have to do to get some room to skate. man these devils are flying
that shit was craaazzaaay. Ohwell, im excited for warped. you should crowd surf<3
one more day of school finally
okay, ready for you guys to pod about kill list now... with spoilers.
We are now looking for summer social media interns! Follow and send your resume to .
hey, howdy do?
Pirates won last night 3-2 over Miami. They meet again at 7:10 (ROOT)...
And all of us slaves will pay for it dearly!
You know you're not at all religious when you have to ask your grandma what a minister is
can't wait to hear all about it!
No tweets for awhile but I know I didn't have to "ReFollow" you though.
eeekkk!! I'm so happy to read this. congrats, lady!
Later Okto I need to work on a new front porch I am building. Good to visit with you. Say hi to Retty.
we let kids pick...Hansen, Sabercat, & I'll Have Another. Daddy's got Take Charge Indy in the Waffle House pool! Haha!
I emailed Dan a couple hours ago. Haven't heard back. This is turning into #fail after
Only for you.
"If you have a child traveling with you, secure your mask before assisting with theirs." It's important to take care of yourself... first.
Weekend Almost Heree!
come on down. not bad at all.
lmao leave my friend alone!
Looking for a game program at today's #uwspringgame? Find one of these signs at the stadium yfrog.com/h0qt8hmj (photo via )
craving some famous amosss
Very cool! Thanks Joe for the mention and DCP for the cool video of Smoke Shack!
Don't waste your time, embrace it. And then you'll know yourself. The change in you is Goddamn Electric.
And David Stern couldn't give two damns, either.
Now following not, like, on an ideological level. Just Twitter following him.
you guys rock :-)
Boston has thier game face on!!
blaming all my actions on the moon, starting now...
Having a great week so far! How about you?
“: We should all know that by clicking on the link that someone is spreading rumors about you that it's SPAM right? RIGHT?”
Closing my eyes for 10 minuttttttttttttzzzzzzzzzz...............
i'll just come over tomorrow
Shake that coccygeal like it's nuthinn RT : Drop that maximus like its hot
Again, I'm honored Can't wait to see your #film, "Renfield".
I'm a CF High guy myself, but I'd hate to see Price Lab close.
Best all Corey Haim's Family & Friends. Sad way to live & die.
Kip Moore has the sexiest voice ever!!!! #Somethin'BoutATruck
This USA vs. Ghana is intense.
“: When you think about skipping a meal, remember that hungry doesn't bring health, food does. #nutrition”
Seeds:Bklyn was great - Garchik/Okazaki/Dan Weiss and more, solo sets in tiny brick-walled room.
We kind of miss you... ;)
Just saw a Dawson's Creek-esque wheelchair dolly. #I<3filmstudents.
you play too much but it was good
What a night! The table OMG lol
I am not pretty...
it a pic of me with a hat on or without one i think
Oh thanks :D Why's everybody going on about jack on there? :L
Or better yet. How many more are we gonna get? RT Should we be glad the aftershock is done with?
Come by Express Lube. Just sayin'....
#ABoyfriendShouldAlways hold his girlfriend when she's sad, and always be there for her <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
#Word2TheWise watch who you Trust now or days.
For those of you asking about our April Dance Schedule, we'll be posting our dances for April soon so just keep your eyes open!
pls follow me make my dreams come true I have been trying since 2009Notice me please please please pls.loveu 35
I think of Michael Martinez ()
I think a healthy mix of impressed and appalled would be appropriate :)
I'm thinking Rivera.
Want to include your #BlogathonATX photos, videos, blog posts in our official wrap up? DM me!
yea the entire teams played with such passion, the fans were so much more into the games, I love watching the classics
Well, this is going to be a many, many-word feature in The New Yorker by year's end, you'd have to think.
Cueto in 5th, always good when your pitcher gets a hit. #Reds. C'mon
Thanks for the #FF mention, Hugh.
Glee! I love singing and acting, and would fit nicely amongst the cast. The show is relatable, and the realism creates comedy.
I am eating :D !! Who ain't eating so I force fead them ??!?!
Hey whats everyone doing Saturday?! Hopefully checking out at the hawthrone opening for ! they got tickets ladies!
This organic coffee company has gone mlm and exploding all across America.www.sisidore.igetpaidtodrinkcoffee.com
I'm out of cayenne pepper :( And you all know how much mama loves her cayenne pepper. gives it a little lagniappe, that's Louisiana speak :)
Smh Im Grimmy but it was only 4 text messages.! fine i will deal wit being cut off!
I will be 4months & ma baby is big already not only can I feel ma baby movements but the obgyn felt it thurs cum on fri so i cn be 16wks
i just straight up love you guys...ops, i meant GAYS, lol, my boys <3
shame on me, I wrote them off. Huge come back
Did you know apples will do a better job of waking you up than coffee?
What happened to you last week? bo
ya i cant help it! I looked at 1 website and it lke took over ma twitter :/
start tweeting
Come say hi to me at the desk when you get back!
Great opening night for NEXT! Have you bought your tix yet? www.here.org
you too :D
high jumped 7'1" today - new twitter handle should be since he's spending so much time
Shit i gotta agree wit ya, i dont believe in luck
I did
hey can you read tweets and see if it's true about Nnamdi to Green Bay?
Esp. this weather. Nice.
j.hooliday is so cute to me (:
Too cloudy to see my #Supermoon :( send pics if you see it!! #LongIsland #southshore how about my FL
#WIFYR in Hickman's class on character. I got this lecture in the morning class but needed it again to really understand.
how bout u hurry -.-
Ha i like the way ya think RT : haha that's awesome.. replace the hay with eskys and you have aussies
“: Glendive Montana”-had a girlfriend from Glendive once. Wonder about her at times.
welcome how u n the baby
thanks man have a good night
Oh man. Keep Ryan as a regular and bring back the southern chick from last week.
Check out our Fall Specials!!! FREE MANI w/ Pumpkin Peel! 20% off ALL Facials Every Tuesday!!! FREE Express Mani w/ any Pedi Every Wed!!!
check your email
yeah bro just lemme know when
Good For Pres. Obama!
LIKE A PAPEA CUT ON MY THIGH
I'm running the NYRR Fitness 4 Mile on 9/17 in Central Park if you're hooked on road racing and looking for race buddies =)
Visited one of the best DC charter schools. Convinced that BLMS has just as strong of teachers as they do, if not stronger
I'm Listening to "KCEP FM 88.1 -Las Vegas"
learned some couponing tricks from my sister during my visit...i have mapped out my plan of attack for cvs and target!
you must mean... thought-provoking? I converted to mad libs for a reason ;P
Is it too late to have a New Year's resolution? Or would it be called something more fun? Going to read long-forgotten Newbery winners!
Could PD could give the 96,000 fixed incomers prob losing tax credit to China Hub their very own story re impact? Can't find.
The series doesn't begin until the road team wins a game I guess this Boston Philly series is about to heat up
True, since a lot of them don't think Obama is liberal enough. I'm sure all of this was batted back and forth in long meetings
#bucketandshovel needs to stage a comeback. I think lady liberty needs to rise from the lake behind the gov's mansion this winter
He doesn't have to be better than Pagan though. His competition is Nate and Huff.
JUST GOT DONE SHOPPING FOR THE TWINS
just grab a burger and a shake from Kopps
looks like there will be a home for our OWS/Zizek dance jam after all, haha.
Getting those creative juices going this morning. What would YOU like to see from Jane Doe? We'll see what we can manifest! <3
Working on some fun stuff for ! Coming soon!
After a late night flight home from New York last night I got to work 13 hours today. >> feel like I'm still 30!
RT “: Day drinking does not help with homework later that night. Not at all.” or studying for tests the next day
So the guys 10 ft away didn't give it 2 mins, but the view from Toronto gives him 3 games?
Loyalty is #1 in our book, but when the reflection is false- we strip our ties... Let's keep it positive & let's keep it moving
are you guys going to one of the summer concerts ?
Just took 2 Tylenol Pm's for this dang on headache of mine : / I will be knocked out within an hour lol
I might actually be social enough to drag myself to #SacTweetUp as my alter ego. Which means I get to meet you, right? I'm excited!
There have been many, many things said about me in my writing career. Not having a sense of humor is not one of them...
Las Vegas Firefighters protect people, property and even pets! Yesterday, firefighters doused a local kitchen fire and saved a family dog!
that marginalia post is a good one. Thanks for sharing!
Quija boards are terrifying
The three year old at the table next to us wants chocolate milk and chicken nuggets. So does
You say you don't want me to stay but you keep on calling – Stay by J.J. Flores, from
you already did this exact tweet but in past tense
Cool! Could you tell a specific story about how it helped in a research context? If so, email brandon AT arl DOT org.
Construction will continue throughout the fall semester. But, when it's done, parts of the building won't fall on anyone!
I'm headed to Day 2 of the Chapbook Festival in NYC. Good stuff. Writers, publishers, poets, Google it, come through.
Thanks for a great interview with Debra Dean. We can't wait for next week!
thanks trying not to be spreading any germs at the funeral
Happyface! What type of green tea? Loose leaf or bagged?
ppl from work
: Thanks for the INCREDIBLE show last night!
Good movie. “Contagion” directed by Steven Soderbergh is a top star filled action/suspense thriller, well acted and well directed.
I guess you don't have a phone?
A favorite running song of J is Aqua Barbie Girl. Throw it in among a lot of other randoms and it is sure to make you laugh.
I want to go to an Italian #Ristorante like the one in the Lady in the Tramp
Alright I'm In, but what if i dont have an austin shirt or bracelet ?
- so many great memories of that song! A little early 90's thug resonates in all of us who were growing up then
Rosters updated online to include teams! Please check them out and don't forget to refresh your browser if you don't see them!
If Romney were a relief pitcher, he would be demoted.
100 days til I see you guys in concert!! I'm so excited! I've been waiting for this forever, literally <3 #FollowMe :) 23
KH architects show off adaptive reuse of gorgeous space as a library at RISD
May everyone have a wonderful day leading into a wonderful week!! Make today pop!
Heard Kim Jong Il died but no word yet if it was either prolonged or horrible. Crossing my fingers!
this conversation with my mom is cracking me up
not sure who choked more.Kane and Toews or Wood and Prior. Thank god for Jordan and Pippen.
Hey! thanks Nick #UpTheDubs !!!
This school is hype. I love it. They love every song
giving it up to the #AERA2012 presidential party last night! twas inspiring to dance amongst amultiplicity of scholars! ¡hasta la victoria!
that is beautiful! Me too! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A> keep thinking like that <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083> never stop the hunger to learn. You should watch the TED videos.
*both! ": *Wing Stop“: I want boneless wings from apple bees! :(”"
not my fault lol
Dear , You are awesome. It made me so happy to see you #geekingout with me this morning. all the way!
We've got a really big show for you tonight: 2nd Floor Open Studios at the Ford Building, 5-7pm, featuring Kale Teter's paintings!
haha, everyone in barbosa's room is on twitter. xD
how you treat others is how you will be treated in the end..fellas...even ladies...remember that...
Who is the top touring spoken word artist in the US today?
Almost there
a real nigga tell yu he love yu in front of his niggas
I love playing #BelleAndSebastian while riding my vintage bike on the trainer indoors. I always feel like I'm in some trendy indie movie...
Welcome. Digital Media Rocks! RT : Welcome Dallas Miller who joins the #Bills staff in our Digital Media dept.
that's awesome! What machine type was it. (the game)
unfortunately, probably not "very very," but we will keep you posted!
I found one advantage has over - I can compose & send formatted msgs from cell phone. Good for no pwr
That's a relief! :)
How has everything been ? (:
I need to get something D:
funny. I just tweeted the same thing
no fish story :( But since Walleye tourny season is here I'll be supporting them in spirit!
#ReplaceAMovieTitleWithPenis the lord of the penises
where do you go tanning now
good call
Invisible Hand meets its "maker" sometimes known as "its hometown" big slimy ruckus tonight at The Southern 9-ish AAAIIITTTEEE!!!
i think i just might like you. <3
your welcome! (:
Winter feels good
I love seeing new talent in LA <3
Last night I lay in bed looking up at the stars in the sky and I thought to myself, where the heck is the ceiling.
Why don't prison inmates just use liquid soap?
"I'm watching my neighbors make out from my window!" - jordan riggs hahaha this girl.
Just rode in an elevator with members of the Secret Service. Didn't know you could deliver lunch with such intensity.
oh wow cool background! doesn't understand your tweets though, all traffic attys? 'splain it
Darren Saunders is getting short films ready for the BET "Lens on Talent" Competition. Building Stars is what I do! Join me on Facebook !
“: Can't wait to see my bro performing Every Little Thing at the Grammys one day!” he deserves it! (: <3
Dance circle is in full force at our annual dance party gala! Woohoo
My comedy is different every time I do it. I don't know what the hell I'm doing. -Adam Sandler
Just because you can't twerk doesn't mean that I can't enjoy doing it, hoe.
Rihanna has no idea how much I love her
Damn, the Clippers came back in the fourth quarter!
The moment you see your special person in a picture and your heart gets broken <U+E023><U+E058>
Just got done Eating ( : Niggas was starving
Peanut and jelly by twennynine special featuring lenny wiliams
Thanks for the vote! Tell us in a tweet: why does this place matter to you?
Philadelphia's Zach Makovsky defends his World Title vs. Eduardo Dantas at Boardwalk Hall in Atlantic City April 13th
"YOU SAW THE WAY HE WAS LOOKING AT ME!"
My personal assistant is using Siri
At Michaels graduation party!
One point is all you need RT Up one at the half is a ok start
okay no problem ! :)
If you do what you CAN do, God will do what you cannot do!! - Joyce Meyer
I really want me n To b Ice n for Halloween
- #Miami maybe? At this point, they will sign anyone.
Firearms Review: The Kimber Solo - Police News
Congrats! No terrible 2s for you!
I know I'm not a mom -and still don't know if I'll ever be one- but it's sure cool to be considered by my guy friends their mamacita ^.^
I need to get some gas in Blaq
would love to! Pretty flexible until 730. Currently poolside.
omg just got here. Um guessing thats ryan star
Thanks for including the link to my article on POV in your newsletter.
yeah! If I can't get them for hershey I'm just going to DC:)
I feel the same way when I look at my girl. She's got the power to make me happier than ever B4.
Sorry to hear about your experience. Can you provide us with some more information so we can see if we can help you?
I miss you too !
I don't actually need a sign prohibiting me from taking pictures of naked ppl in the locker room #becauseimanadult but txs anyway gym day11
i hate workind part 2 is fiting 4 the broncos !!!! text me
girl what u gon do w/him?!? A mess!
it depends on how the defense is playing it and the shooting ability of the wing.
93% Marvel's The Avengers With a script that never forgets its heroes' humanity and no shortage of superpowered set pieces, The Avengers
Tell us what you think will happen tonight in Game 2.
The Big Apple and Tebow? This could be fun
I am going to New York this afternoon. KCLT to KLGA (hopefully US Air won't lose my bags!)...
Now watching hood winked because we can't decide on a movie lol so now we are watching hood winked
Isn't that wonderful! Love Spring!
is good friends of ours! thanks for the follow back!
show tonight at the waiting room! new material to be played! new merch to be available!
shes a gorg dancer. I loved her "Cry" dance the best!
I was the girl who told you about Jordan Benker (:
FREE SERVICE to restaurants integrate a live order restaurant menu and process that order directly to your point of sale terminal..FREE MENU
Friend, there is a reason the 10th amendment is #10. Recommended reading: Article I, section 8 and the Civil War amendments.
Kevin and Olivia AOTS! You guys rock!
Todays's leverage episode was hilarious. I loved how they made it in the format of the office
noo don't do that! you should talk to all of the awesome megan and liz fans via twitter right now&help trend!
some things never change lol
we'll have plenty of time for education moving forward. News is doing its best. Still 6 months to go :)
good stuff!
You are super welcomed! Thumbs up vs. scissors.
your work with our fellow military families who have made the ultimate sacrifice, is much appreciated and needed! Great work!
well i like it lol, i didnt notice at all.
I just want to make you happy, let's have a good time,
Hey Jeff, you know who can help? can help. Jeff meet AJ.
A song with out bass? NOT here Bro! I keep the fingers movin to the beat!
Turn signals are a nifty idea. If you don't start using them, I will crash into your car.
but you have nice hair so you don't need it
Did you see that we've got a new thing happening? How are your new things, btw? :-)
TAKE ME WHEN I AM THERE JUNE 16TH-21ST :)
Fuck niggas! That's that shit I don't like.
Hey there. What's your name again?
: Those are phenomenal posters
Best scam idea yet RT : fake own death. tweet as your heartbroken significant other. ????. profit.
Why, thank you. College was a weird time for me, dude.
So excited for the Nats home opener tomorrow. I feel like I have a real baseball team--one that has hitters! And good pitching!
sounds like someone made a wordcounter and parsed all the posts cus something ant right?
Making that money! :)
#NowPlaying Gold Digger~ Kanye<U+2665> THIS SONG WILL NEVER EVER EVER GET OLD :*
Good to know! Looking forward to meeting you soon
depends ona inch, what inch?
I was tried...and still kinda felt like shit
TWITTER WAR
On You
Battle of The Bands on April 28 ? #info ?
And this is how self-centered I am - I read "#DamagesOnTheBrain" and wondered if I could sue the school for my brain issues ;)
Good night, Ms. Stroop. I do like Friday's. Encompasses some of my favorite things. Sweet dreams, baby.
On way for Church...divine!!!
Lakers need to start doing two a days.
sure babe. I'll even open the door for you. :)
thanks for your kind words. stoked to see any new vids.
Ha, yeah, I've bought four of those in the last month. More direction would be nice in some areas, though.
Happy Birthday to ya! (*in my Stevie voice) to my sister
Ah, Craigslist apartment listings! Long time, no hate.
Awww. Everyone has a band who turns out to be behind 80% of the mystery songs you hear in public places...they're mine!
Thanks for the RT : "I believe Icarus was not failing as he fell/ but just coming to the end of his triumph." - Jack Gilbert
thanks for following :)
Never get tired of watching #FNL reruns! Come on now Coach Taylor!
Bouta watch behind the music wit biggy at 730
Wheres the lady for me the lady of my dreams.
Michelle Obama at the ICA: The President is working to get us out this mess.
it's gonna be one of those day...
Knew this was going to be a great album after listening to the first song.
Just woke up about two hours ago. I was working night shift at my security job, and I am staying on night shift now that I was laid off.
it sucks I can't use my classic username. Had the username RavensOrioles for like 12 years!
Money May is going to win. Everyone knows it. And I can't wait for him to talk shit afterwards.
What is worse? Having the Flubs on the Fox Saturday game, or having Daron Sutton on the Fox Saturday game?
watching Dylan Leblanc at Yazoo...pretty solid
yeah, I need to party more.
I say Wilhelm
Haha. Very nice:)
Don't feel like it but I know I need to straighten My HAIR..
Back home from Manassas!!! Hope everyone is well!!! :)
Delivered an extra ticket to a peer. I should get brownie points for doing it in this muggy weather.
I really am looking for something more laid back and personable. cc/
- help! I have removed a twitter account from my account to allow someone else to claim it, it doesn't recognize the switch!
Whatever, so apparently you can't call a woman with whom you are not friends "toots."
Nice, what kind.
That is to say that you don't already claim to b a part of that community...
that's interesting. it's tougher when it's been free on iOS for years and now they want to charge for it.
She loves me! She loves me not! She loves me she will tell me when the time is right!
Yeah man! I was at OHHS back in 1982. Those were the daze.
My brother-in-law rushed to ER for a cardiac catheterization & 2 stents-moments like these put priorities in perspective. Made dinner 4 sis!
I'm a workhorse, but wish I was a thoroughbred and just run in the fields and eat clover.LOL
he followed me
Thank to all who came to meet Eric and Greg at the Home Energy Workshop at the Hillborough Library on Saturday. More workshops to come!
I have one extra ticket to the big 12 session 3 M-I-Z anyone?
#BlockB haters SHOULD STOP!
I have a conflict. Otherwise, I would come! Thanks for pointing it out.
the start of my day included lots of vomiting! Woohoo!
Oh, stop. Now you're really selling me on your property. And that library downstairs? Sheesh...
#Chartespottings: Rangila dress rehearsal, spitting game on some chick. This event really brings them out of the woodwork.
museums too.
GOOD MORNIN MALIK :-) I KNO RIGHT!!! I BEEN BUSY!!! ITS BEEN LONG!!!!! GLAD ITS OVA :-) HOW BOUT URS???
"Life is short, find what you need."
you're cute when you write from your perch of condescension.
I'll tell you
that was a perfect way to describe it
good night
But the other guys are just MORE beautiful!
Road trip to the Horseshoe Casino? Anyone?
Why I told my dad I sprained my ankle lol for a excuse Not to go to dance :(
Fun fact: You are famous on some level, because fame is relative!
Had a feeling about the gender of my friend's baby and was totally right! She's having a girl.
Yo Mark How have you been ?
I got me a top hat(:
i dont feel good and its freezing, im annoyed.
The cover is amazing.
Steve Aoki at the Palladium? Umm yeah I just might have to buy tickets.
RT if you are NOT going to Albivi tonight. D:
looked at my notes for an essay I have to do tonight. Instead i found a blank piece of paper w/ only "IM ON A BOAT" on it..
I swear, this happens so much. I need to see her </3
When you can tell how someone is by the way they text
Anyone want to fill us in on #RECON? We couldn’t make it to Vegas, but we want to hear what everyone is saying about it.
Web 3.0 is all about the data. twitter feed, Social media, social graph, cookies, targeting, etc.
VEGAS BABY!!!! This is the life
Grab a friend and come in for some nachos and a GRANDE margarita!
New camera or new iPad?
OH MY GOD! I can't wait to get paid. I'm going to Connersville fo sho.
I hear you D. I'm really looking forward to hearing your song ideals for your new new mix-cd.
lmao brain Lincoln hates you To lol “: I hate !!!”
I have no idea how to make important decisions when there are dozens of factors of varying importance. Pro/con lists do not work.
My acctg teacher is #superweeaakk and he black from Brooklyn tho smh hater
Take me with you
thanks Sidiki .... Yo I hit your boy he never called me back
Auci about to explode, huge buys at the ask coming in.
challenge #LadyHeroes winner Senator Grothman to debate #waronwomen. Encourage him to defend title
Some guys can be so hot.. Yet such douches.
Natural bridge yankin
Boehner is purposely leaning out of frame either because he's wearing a rage face or he's asleep.
Leaving Twitter or other?...
But are you passionate about French animals?
when are guys going to start distributing in #Chicago?
#quidam, #strippers, booze . . .,what now?
Funky Friday's tomorrow at the farm!!! Come in and donate $50 donation and receive a $12 dollar gram of your choice. :-D
you probably wish it was Louis instead.
If I Die Tomorrow i will be sad cuz i never met so then i would be all like "WTF this isnt supposed to happen! *pouty face*"
If I could rearrange the alphabet, I'd put U and I together.
i'm just going drinkingg c: i'ma stay safe<3
He's not here...he's on his way to Cape Cod...
Wait for the right moment, like Ronnie taking some hot mouth from Richard.
Changing of the guard in the NBA: spurs out, lakers & celtics down, Mavs & Heat up, new MVP Rose
Inside on top of you grinding inside and out of you
Congratulations! I'd love to! Just let me know how!
Men in uniform are so hot.
Who The Fuck Are Y'all? *Drake Voice*
"Oh, you got a hair cut." Now, how am I supposed to interpret that? If you're going to comment, make it count one way or the other!
you at the game?
RT Wow Pacers ain't playing!
Hollywood hasn't aggressively pursued me. Neither have I aggressively pursued Hollywood. --- Colin Firth
If you cry from a movie you saw last night you need meds
You know its a good day when the animal isn't here
Alright! ^^ Sorry for the late reply, I was doing something for college :o sweet dreams cutie! Love you too ^^ xo <U+2665>
Surrender &ebc to places in Vegas to check out and the good news is they are both at encore lasvegas nv! Only
Definitely. It's been a while. RT : Good running into randomly !
USA ties it up 1-1!!!
So if you're a celebrity they don't haul your butt to jail when you owe this much in back taxes?? Ridiculous.
Why hello Nebraska. Just passing through.
Yeah, sure I'm always looking for new peeps to work with
welcome just stating a fact Ashlee!! <3
when guys misinterpret my personality <<<<
Missing teen wolf :( today to c the fireworks ~LOVE . BE AFRAID.~
Reviewed in Legal Info Alert [vol 28, no 2]: The Yale Biographical Dictionary of American Law
A mortuary commercial after theSuper Bowl?? WTH! Talk about a buzz blower!
#notetofemales in the words of 2pac "Keep ur head up, legs closed, eyes open"!!
been there done that!!
“: LB grand prix race weekend... Gonna be crazy down here!” I could hear them practicing this morning from my bedroom!
I just really don't feel well.
Good morning boo!? Lol
UConn gets their 14th point in the paint; Butler has 0. It's beginning to dictate the game
Kevin Durant is NOT about to let OKC lose the chance for a 2-0 lead in this series...
For Sale or lease: low hours from VIP Aircraft.
I love you so much. Why do you have to be so cute?
it was only freakin project alert.
has a new Psychic Business address and it's in Fort Lauderdale, Florida!!! Yippee!!!
Cars should have a U-turn blinker.
I hope the people who are races on their motorcycles outside my house will crash and <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A5>.
Amazing to see a true Red Sox legend and one of the game's greatest in action! Thanks for taking part here in CBus! O-H-I-O
What you do today can improve all your tomorrows -Ralph Marston
: Bitch pull down your damn dress! Your vagina is practically singing along to Too Short!!!! Omfg" lmao
RIP Dick Clark... the ageless master of ceremony
Just got home, first time I've been able to sit on my sofa in three days.
If you leave without a reason, don’t come back with an excuse.
Our mantra is to help musicians earn a living and receive the recognition they deserve, while never undervaluing the role of the fan.
Me too! I'm showing around <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>. Wish u were here!
RT : it's craaazzzy! i LOVE it! "lamborghini" is my fav ... but "dior" is the sh!t :)> I'm about to kill em' baby!!
Me, too! RT : I want to give my POTUS a hug.
I replied to your dm
what beach are you attending
thanks for bringing the crew in!
did you see them? time for a velour fantasia reunion!!
Ctfu crackheadRT : <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0088><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0088><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0088><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0088> Is about to be back on that
Movie recommendation is Mia Farow in "Rosemary's Baby"
Just found 2004 receipt from when I bought Shins' So Says I, Death Cab's Forbidden Love EP and Say Anything. Whoa, college!
I don't need to here this from you, mind your own business. Thank you!
Q: What's the difference between a penis and a bonus? A: Your wife will always blow your bonus!
So I don't know if my mom is preparing for an Alien takeover but we have like so much food in our house.
We'll let you know as soon as we get to hit with it! ;)
OMG Meryl Streep gag laugh!!!!
I'm not sexy Ron, but I play Sexy on TV...
I'm gonna lose my mind! see what I did there haha I cannot wait when do you go and get the tickets n stuff
Welcome back from the holiday... check our website for our current class schedule! (www.sincitycrossfit.com)
#ISwear sometimes my dog Cooper yells at me...
i guess no austream again today.
#3WordsForYou I Love You!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
": The ballot is in the mail. #Onward&Upward"~Thank you good brother! 06!
GREAT NEWS! Van Alexander's autobiography "From Harlem to Hollywood" will be awarded a Certificate of Merit from ARSC in LA in May.
GGGOOOOOOOOAAAAAAALLLLLL!!!!Suck it cheaters!!!
i resist going there--i know i will get lost--and still cannot download zotero--
“: Randy Galloway is joining us on the show right now... to tell us we're stupid.” He's a smart man
You're at Paisan's, and you didn't tell me? :-)
Is that trend true world wide? Or unique to US schools?
Thought something hinky with 200 dif betwn Mitt & Paul : In other words, state GOP just stole Maine's caucuses for Romney.
oh thanks !
you should write a mini book on this stuff for bloggers and others!
Golfed this morning. Watching golf this afternoon.
You should see it in person! Double ouch!
maybe I will be taking myself to lunch and saying screw the rest
great to be here RT Lets welcome tonight to our #leadfromwithin family.
Shoot me. I don't want to leave. :( I just want to live here.. forever.
Only those who are confident in themselves can give out praise to others without hidden agenda. Our sweet Adam is first in line.
Sleepover with Lindsey and Jenna! :) Movie night :)
When your boobs get all swollen cause of mother nature (Y) .....
You really are a bitter asshole if you let someone unfollowing you on Twitter bother you personally.
What is up with all the Anthrax scared around town? It's like we have an epidemic.
so true
Millennium took its sweet time deciding to work today. Could've made for an interesting start to the day.
whoop!! now we can share books!
y'all are crazy!! I am not a morning runner. Unless I'm in Hawaii where it's 6 hours behind :)
nah I'm good I already ate thanks thou :) can you bring mom Starbucks ?:)
thanks man! One can only hope that clown never sees the field again.
is that a typo....you sure you didn't mean Izzard? As in Eddie?
lucky duck.
Bored and listening to music.<U+2665>
Hate that shit??
Of course I'm all about his brains and activism as well, but.. whew. That combo? *puts self in corner* Carry on, Philadelphia.
YOUR TURN!
great job with the Ximena Sariñana show! Looking forward to more shows!
I wonder if 106 is gonna pay tribute to chuck brown
"Quality is never an accident; it is always the result of high intention, sincere effort, intelligent direction and skillful execution"
Wish I had known about the event. I would have done it also.
I just checked it this morning bro, it sounds good. But I could give you a better mix, the flow is dope though.
Hauptfeld addressed 3 recent bicyclist deaths and feels bicyclist concerns are not being addressed by current council
Before you fall for a guy, make sure he's man enough to catch you.
Glass Case! :) RT : Fill in the blank: I love to keep my Louboutins in a ________.
lmao you look just like deena #meatball you know exactly who i'm talking about.. check her pics.
Please #FF my buddy Oh, and as well!
Thanks so much for the follow! We love good restaurants too, what's a great pick in the Hudson Valley?
came in a bag
Thanks Jooyoun! You're the sweetest.
please love me ?
"if you were ugly, I wouldn't pick on you" says my boss <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
To be fair, this does feel like the longest week ever.
where do you work?
Rhino Resource Partners Announces First Quarter 2012 Financial And Operating ... - MarketWatch (press release)
Thanks to the new followers, taking my sons to a baseball game, so I'll get to your replies later
Though I do still like the taste of meat, I know that 1 thing we need 2 work towards is a substitute 4 meat taste 2 end the killing
Most interesting scene on #MadMen: at end when Don thinks it's too hot in apt & wants to open sliding door. Megan says no: air is toxic.
I wonder how many #followers I can get if if I tweet a lot more(: going to make it to 1 thousand before the end of January(:
There is no such thing as a "little bit" of publicity. Seeking a "little bit" of publicity is like trying to get a little bit pregnant.
Seriously considering walking home...yes, it's come to that...
when will you be casting in Chicago!?!?
My phones bigger than my wallet....
The Zoo is great, as well as all of Forest Park (has a couple museums). Go to the Busch factory, and eat at Pi Pizzeria.
Don't tell anyone you're drafting Dwight Bentley. They steal him from us!
The real test is yet to come. Just how long can we stick with ...
hey everybody whats up
This unseasonably warm weather today must have folks on Capitol Hill hoping for Spring flowers.
Client running no antivirus software, only 7 viruses up to now found!.
RT : lost his mind #iSwear<<< nun new
Watched Safe House; pretty good movie... "No more bootleg copies"
soon to be 3 :D
I'm sorry honey, but it is what it is (;
I thought there was gonna be a cute kitten in it. :( P.S. Google "meatloaf farts."
Thank you Mama Bear, Jan Berenstain, for sharing your imagination with all of us! Bear Country will never be the same!
yes hahaha! That was a fantastic fall moment!!
Thank you for playing like a rockstar today, & looking fwd to seeing SATYAGRAHA at the Met tonight w/!
and, as Rolland pointed out, you're wrong.
Can everyone please go follow our personal accounts? and we follow back! :] -Jordan.
We'll be at Mission and New Montgomery today. 11:30-2
This year's program looks amazing. Now I just need a ticket.
CRPT never ends... Good luck.
Going out to the store, anybody want something. Jk.......
My heart is yours <U+2665> I LOVE YOUU
Happy first Saturday in YOUR brand new house, homeowner!!! Happy for you guys!!!
"When my children look in the history books, they are going to see that was a 2-term President." - Carl W.
damn bro smh ya shit straight?
ALESW59SLBL – Alera Shelf Lock Clips, Black 4 sets of clips ...
pass you lol
hi buddy!
i love you Mr!
Cincinnatians huh? Say that after a few beers...
Does anyone have recommendations for #iPad apps?
I indeed feel blessed...thank you kindly Brit <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083> “: well good!! That's a blessed thing:)”
Need info at last Thursday? The info booth is located between 19th and 20th. Come visit us and find out how to get involved!
All I have left to do is take my behind the wheel test on the 1st, pass, and get my liscence!
so you want your experts to come from within and without academe, then? we kinda already do this at su
Tornado Warning!!:/
Did you find the right video person? Happy to help, let me know if you're still looking.
Bro you up early as a goose. What is you on
I *hate* the '86 Mets.
Does anyone else find it weird that One Direction is going to be on Nickelodeon and SNL on the same night? 2 different target audiences. xD
This #h5o episode reminds me of The Dark Knight :P
i just wanna see you strip, goddamn you sexy
dunno. I passed
haha nah I'll just suffer in silence.... literally!
It's about Brian Kelly, ND football coach, who signed the No. 1 player in nation today. And of course Kelley isn't Kelly.
I just discovered that there is an app for Facebook called BirthWatch. And then I shuddered and thought about over-sharing. As I tweeted.
what is this about? Why are u sending this to me?
Biscuits for breakfast! :) By the way, if you haven't already, please grab a copy of my new album 'Between the Lines' on iTunes!
thanks bud
After I finished playing I got cornered by a stage mom and her college-age daughter (singer). Thus began the 20 minute interrogation.
For many working in a non profit is a purpose driven world.
I don't understand why CCR's Green River and Cosmo's Factory got dropped from the list, though. Both deserved to stay.
I keep my cute dp's for my personal account, you should go follow it! ;) () <3
How was the show last night? RT : ...Behind the scenes at Chicago Shakespeare Theater
I kind of want to go see a drive-in movie this summer, but I'm uncomfortable with having to masturbate in public.
There are so many ways my asl class makes me think of the hunger games.
They were just here. They played at the
yes. weirdos. i read them for the good "material." all writers need to find inspiration somewhere...
I figured you would like that one...Aight bet.
Can't wait til christmas to see my kids faces I'm so excited
Is now following :)
what are you thinking of majoring in though?
Enjoy a free movie night! Here is a free Coupon code for a first night DVD rental at our GrabaDVD kiosks. (356937412) Valid thru May 31st
cant beat LA weather, sunny or cloudy i luv it!
Who gonna bring me some lunch today!
I had a great time interviewing today! What a nice person! Check out her single Dont Dumb Me Down on Itunes!!
Summer Institute is over. A few days to take stock, to reflect on the past week, and to relax.
God give us epignosis of who you are. Pronunciation: e-pe'-gno-ses (Key) precise and correct knowledge
Hey!! Long time no show!! Leaving me hanging out here on the left coast!! Lol, just now listened to you song!! It says a lot, I like!
Stan wars are SO 2011
Sing your little hearts away tonight
He always was a bunter face...
When you stare in my eyes I'm in another world <3
It's hotter than a dick in my room.
Great meeting today with board member
How will you determine if your child is successful on playing piano?
Super excited about in Chicago next week. I'm signed up for four free sessions! bit.ly/8wDWQ5
ouch! Butter knife? What brand of butter do you use?
IMO, it will not come close to selling out. I say 400-450 max.
Mountain Lions stop the Nighthawks, will take over at its own 20 after a punt.
Food has arrived. Yay! Will check in once I'm fed.
juice lying
why would you want that your shows honestly suck dick
haven't smoked a swisher in a week, throat kills & been gettin crazy headaches lately, ah
Thank You!! <3
Sure thing! RT : thanks for your support!
Suzy DeFrancis, head of #redcross PR tells me her defense in WaPo of methyl bromide use at Chevy Chase Club is unrelated to her day job.
Reading "Understanding Archives & Manuscripts" by O'Toole and Cox. Excellent reminder about why I'm in
One Dollar Per "Push-Up" My First Customer! I'm Ready To Rumble!
I'm like 78.4 percent done with 3 work projects. If I had to do it again, I would have been 100% done with 2 & 35.2% done with the 3rd.
Resnik Music Group is awesome !!! you have some great music !!!
.... Couple hundred points.
Dude I saw you and heard your story at the last #ATLBeatBattle... I remember u @ Apache in 08... Most worrisome bass I heard. EVA!
Aw don't feel like thatt x talk too mee xx I'm a nice girl and I won't ask for anything at all I promisee <U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665>
tell your mother happy birthday for me!!!!!!
our preschool music program has created a nominate for deserving preschools page http:preschooljam.org
crafternoon! I love it. (Sorry for the late reply!)
I had to read up on the benefits of wheatgrass again to convince myself the taste is worth it. Ugh... death in liquid form <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
MN African American Museum Director - MN's newest museum, talking about organizational mission and fundraising challenges.
Yeah I'm single, but you have to be to change that! ;)
Happy New Year!
Hi #HelloMornings #migraine 4me :p yet~I'm Up :D had Love&WisdomTime w/God in 1stJohn. Now~HotGrTea w/ExtraHoney! :)
Our limitations and success will be based, most often, on your own expectations for ourselves.
the fucking aggravation and the irrtitation
why do yoy diss rappers behind they back guys like ja rule weezy and busta rhymes?
Welcome to IU, new students!
See you tomorrow night @ LongCenter Purple Party 4 celebrating the anniversary of Austin's Creative Home!
is back on Earth...welcome back, Commander Burbank!
Help! I have done it again. I have been here many times before. Hurt myself again today. The worse part is there is no one else to blame.
Apparently neither. I was truly enthralled with managerial econ :/
i was just having the best dream in the world! why did i have to wake up?!?! >:(
- Rolling Rock over here.
lol! I don't know the name of it, but it serves the best breakfast I ever had!
Did anyone else listen to #fienberg this morning talk about the #deepwater oil spill? Thoughts?
Really not worried about this statistics final
could u plz follow me back? :)
Trying to explain twitter to my parents
The second reading on Q4 2011 Gross Domestic Product (GDP) comes in slightly higher at 3% from the first look of 2.8%.
I need me some vitamins! Wait 0.o is that what gives you energy?
Project updates? Was just cast as a "younger 40s drunken, airy trophy wife." Comedy for a change, but makes me hungry for truth.
That was a HUGE win under the circumstances
Find Out Whats New in Google Products Now it became easier for everyone
Woot off today :)
thanks; it's a new day & the sun is shinin'; let's kick ass today, shall we?
Ha - good job! And good show, as always!
Happy Easter everyone! Enjoyed a nice hike today in Valley Forge and now at the airport picking up someone special.
If ignorance is bliss, shouldn't more people be happy?
you guys should have videotaped the altercation for
I am in, sounds like fun...
oh yah doesn't your girl have dinner theatre tonight
That's an MVP. RT That is no misprint. Mauer is catching Game 2. His words to Gardenhire: "I got this."
It is better to bind your children to you by a feeling of respect and by gentleness, than by fear. Anonymous
-- Happy New Year to you too! Coffee and catch-up soon?
i spent a shitload though :( i'm a broke bitch now.
WAKE UP <U+E059><U+E059>
Nobody WANTS it to be GoPhone time...it just is.
I'm excited to dig in!!! Haha we KNOW the cake is good!
RT : Went to bed mad now mad again hearing #TrayvonMartin called 911. Police Chief & City Mgr need to be fired || Or PROSECUTED!
Mirror on the wall here we are again, through my rise and fall you've been my only friend.
My phrase for the weekend: "anthropocentric bag of dicks."
R.I.P Whitney Houston.....I Will Always Love You....
Dude u got sum funny jokes:D
What up Georgie Boy!
Hello new #CashMob friends! #LasVegas is starting at noon tomorrow E. Colorado/3rd for
Ugh my show is on Friday and I'm way behind! Long night.
Thank you! Those are great!
From BSF -- Scholars have studied ancient NT manuscripts. NT has 99.95% accuracy rate. WOW
Thanks, but don't forget....
law school never seems to end, and I am not even in it.
Once I finish the first book, I'm giving it to Kelley, and then it's all yours. SO INTENSE.
Of course, a few months later and I'm swamped with other things again :(
Check out snippets of my beats on the right hand side under Band Profile
Well #goodnight. love
Chris Shelton a few years ago? MVP April, minors before the year ended.
okay well then..tweet me when u come up with our matchmaker names lol..or the name for the show hehehe i am too!!!
LETS,GO MIZZOU WE WINNING IT ALL
Retweeting the crap out of because i'm two hours late for the release of his new band 's song. My apologies.
Aw man! When are you coming back?
Hi chloe. You were so adorable in "Hugo". :>
Only let us hold true to what we have attained - Philippians 3:16
im so pissed off
my messages won't send for some reason D;
quick morning lecture then back to sleep!
ASHTON IS HOSTING AN EPISODE!!!
damn, i want a
Enough with a Caucus. #Iowa and #Nevada show the nation how NOT to select a #GOP nominee - or count.
Bobby pins solve almost all of life's problems
Got a little trivia going on over on Twitter... want in? Follow us!
Any feedback on the iPhone from Verizon?
No kidding. If you're going to do a bad job, at least be consistent about it.
There is never a bad time to watch Iron Man.
Sapient Spiral Snowboard 147 Women's
Finally getting caught up on a load of paperwork that had piled up on my desk. Feels good to get bills paid and things filed!
mall today w/ Becca =)
April Fools! returns next week for
YOU WANT MORE FOLLOWERS?Tweet us your favorite picture of #justinbieber and we'll choose the best.The winner gets a huge shoutout!!
I'm definitely a Luna bar girl, Lara bars have an odd texture for me. Maybe I haven't tried the right flavor?
Tuesday scattered showers, increase late afternoon/night. Highs stay near 50. Seattle rain kicks in with wind Wednesday.
can I have t shirt?! Just for the memory..
that's awesome! :)
Yikes. No offense , but the man may have a point.
Last chance to get chocolate bars and USB device car chargers at the Dell booth #903 before they are gone....
i hate it when me + whoever r saying how much better it'd b if we were day drinking then i pull out my flask and they say, oh..i was kidding
of course!
Meech Dogg have a small amount of views on youtube HELP!!! us gain Meech more fans tell someone about Meech Dogg single JUICED UP Thanks.
And cont. controversy. Now we have more national attention, which isn't a bad thing but the media put us under the negative spot light.
any more report from Bibliotheca Alexandrina?
I know! Waiting for the third book impatiently. :)
So I have to plan 7-10 years in advance if I want to attend the Bayreuth festival? That's exclusive.
Thanks for the free Kindle version of your manifesto! #socialmedia :)
When you stop chasing the wrong things, you give the right things a chance to catch you.
oh gosh he would! Wish I was down there with you all!
Jamming out to ! Music rocks guys! Thanks for following or else I would've never found out about y'all. I followed back btw :)
I will keep you updated
RT :"When u listen to Bruce's music, u are not a loser. You are a character in an epic poem about losers."
yes indeed! Cory Witt!!
The American dream is to live like you sell dope
RT : FACT: #Teachers go above and beyond to support their students, working 11 hour days on average.
- glad they finally made it!!
I bet you made amazing music :D <3
SOMETIMES , ITS JUST NOT WORTH FIGHTING FOR
lolol, i bet you put cover up :3 lol
Chargers back on the field.. fans pack practice. Fabiani uses moment to blog on Chargers website about new downtown stadium.
have fun! :) it's a beautiful day out there -- enjoy :)
But I keep missing legit events that I want to hit up. I suck! I guess I need to post them in an actual cal when I receive.
Is an all white basketball league a good idea?
TF YOU TOLD ME TO MOVE ON! AND I CHOSE TO TAKE YOU BACK
YOU are the main person I'm talking about in my last post. ...i'll probably still read all your tweets though. sigh
Paul Simon is my addition for one of the most underrated guitarists of all time
no kidding! I'm disappointed they haven't turned on her yet, hope she doesn't win.
TY very much, LA!!
Wishing I had an iphone right now
Food bank wins national award - Canton Repository
Mrnin world up thankin God for.this day an jus his love an grace an knowing that he always has my back be blessed every1 and happy monday
Seriously Jeff Van Gundy. Please stop talking.
hope to see you at the next one =]
Still haven't found a better use of $100!
Why does he always look like he's kind of afraid?
Follow for live tweets during games. Today we play at 3 pm here in vero beach Florida.
Checking out the updated LinkedIn Android app. I think I like it.
For the new browser editions, how do I 1. Create a column for New Followers & 2. Add a FB page 'fan page' account?
Niall Horan is Handsome <3 that's what's up.
-Roses are red, Violets are blue, He's for me, not for you, By a chance, You take my place, I'll take my foot nd smash it up your annus
": so excited for the last day before break?" Excited it's over!
Two summers ago, I took 8 writer/educators to Tuscany for 3 wks. This summer, 8 lucky writers are headed to Brazil. Tchau!
Ben, I've got exiting and innovative .NET openings in Chicago Area. Would you mind helping me. Good referral bonus guaranteed.
I miss your face too!!! Let's get together soon
"I love watching NASCAR!!"
In the early days of computers...we photographers and designers set up "computer rooms" in the dark - literally!!
yes! Its so annoying -,-
Keep your eyes in the prize.
This is the Brian Elliott I remember
I wonder if I should request ISSNs for these older comic serials.
I just want to be skinny already!!!
something to help you pass the time... coffee w/ an old friend?
2 Hours? Really, I was not even awake when the tickets were sold out.
Used salt water & Lemon. Hope that helps my sore throat #goodmorning tho (:
If you have a fear of public speaking or interviewing, you can retrain your brain to think differently. Hypnosis works wonders for this.
And single women from New Jersey are just gross
It's weird how most people hold negative associations with zombies, but not with Jesus.
A free yoga class and a free download of Mac OSX Lion. Don't mind if I do. ;)
is losing followers? wow, okay. why would anyone unfollow this kid?
I HATE STAT BOY RT Tony Reali just stole your "Dad!" yell on PTI. I will file the necessary paperwork for your royalties.
What am I gonna do 2morro....I kinda wanna go to the park..or the zoo!! I just wish a certain person would answer my texts....
Right now is on live with to talk sea lions and chat about his foundations golf tournament tomorrow!
Returning home, I close the door for now.
One decent stanza does not a sestina make. But I'm stubborn and will keep on working it.
#IfObamaWasARepublican The MSM would have collectively set up a permanent headquarters to vet the Hell out of him.
I have such respect for cab drivers in Cambridge who use #square. I wonder if it'll one day be that way w/ candidates &
reminds me of the Star Trek beings who referred to humans as "ugly bags of mostly water"
“: You are missed, but only a little bit ;)” Liar! Y'all are lost without me. I know it! ;)
Awesome live performance last night. All of my bottle clients enjoyed your songs.
So happy to have my roomie back !!
“: People who routinely consume fast food are 51% more likely to suffer from depression.” well, would ya look at that! I'm solved!
Def. I mean, the game's far from over... but we need to wake up some bats.
Just received the absolute worst service ever in Batavia, OH...I will never go back to that place again!
Someone please check on & Ha!
We've got to find a way to win. I'm willing to start cheating. --Marv Cook
best movie hands down lol
i loved pumzi! Taught it in my World Lit class.
nothing just at school & you and you're welcome(:
"You could build a house with that bag of tools" - Madhava (regarding this guy, who is a tool)
hi. my name is Raquel (:
Escaped with only MadLibs and a Weazel Ball for Hairy Houdini. Mirth awaits. TN later than I thought in AM
If you see a whole thing it seems that it's always wonderful.
Happy birthday !! Greatest little sister to ever roam the earth :) Yeah, that's not an exaggeration
i have a pretty sweet guest room...
"RT : what type of hair would you recommend." short answer: 100% virgin human hair! It's the only kind we stock.
preparing for a history class - trickier than usual-50 minutes-U.S. using Midmanhattan pictures
Congrats to who had an assist in his AHL debut with San Antonio tonight.
That's funny “: Pet peeve: people who's 2 Pinterest boards are Summer Body Inspiration and Awesome Cupcakes.”
“: Wtf is up with the word 'feckless'? Did Frank Luntz approve it or something?” / just Palin mispronouncing again. ;-)
Wish that were about me *big sigh* lol
Hahaha Reka will never ever never ever but shit.
We are looking forward to seeing you today! Have a good day!
ive heard of him before but dont really know who he is hah
#TwSIG Twitter can be searched. It's really a public forum. Remember that people can look at what is being said. Can monitor events realtime
Want more !
send me something to my email
Great weekend! Had a great time at Learned a lot + networked with a lot of ppl. Definitely worth the trip!
Baby girl you tryna get with the Dipset
Sometimes awkward people can be so much fun.
So Many Horses In The Rari Had To Park It In A Barn- <U+26C4>
I had strawberries. Not as coma-inducing as a RR burger. And fries. And beer. Maybe after the show...
Don't let experience limit your tastes.
word! Imma check it out. #oldschool is right up my alley
I love Sonus
rt “: The Academy Award for Best Actor goes to Jean Dujardin, "The Artist"”
I know right?!
no I just ordered them off the internet
Love is giving someone the ability to destroy you and trusting them not to.
Going to the game tonight- wish I could have made a "Welcome to the Stackhouse Era" shirt or "This is Stack's House
we did that at my school, too. It worked wonders. Others besides tech. coordinator were seen as "experts"
Administrator deep in the hall way
Man I get a lot of twitter spam. Suggestions?
Individual freedom is what we must focus on. Lefties will spout off about social justice, economic fairness and other phrases for tyranny.
A man in love is incomplete until he is married. Then hes finished
and you know this man! (smokey voice). So what's new wit you kid?
agreed. And we are champion dancers...
Hay... Can i please get followed back... and I live in ATL too.. :)
As I was shopping I noticed the guy's watch next to me in line and told him that it runs slow. He said, "So does the guy I stole it from"!
We are SO excited for this event! Make sure you make it out for the Kick off on Saturday Feb 4th!
I hear I'm going to see just HOW delicious are... it's lunchtime...lol
Nice work Hils!
best feeling ever!
just don't put me down as a reference lol
walk light lol
Reason to use Social Media Case #1 of 5 Intense Response, support and marketing
Thanks for the +k!
is my current project. curious to hear more about what you're up to
Vegan is a lifestyle that requires discipline - Tri State Defender
nope it shits on cocaines head
woke up at 5:am to get it in on this C-Mal track >>> this shit is crazy... And hard...
Thanks for the unfollow, , I unfollowed back!
Ambition is priceless its something thats in your veins, and i pray that never change.
Tailor SLA to what you really need. 99.999 up time does not make sense if all you need is a daily report at 6 am.
will do but for tomorrow and Fri not attending today
You're not supposed to drink it by itself.
The #12thman welcomes you to Seattle Bobby!
how long are you there? I arrive Friday.
This fucking headache just keeps getting worse and worse
2. When "Still Alive" played at the end of Portal. I know it's sung by a psychopathic computer, but dang. So pretty and nostalgic-sounding.
Two suspects have been arrested in the stabbing at lux lounge this past Friday.
With my dog in the backyard, great time!
at least we'll be there together!!
Heyy girl! :D How are you?
Always happy to share - keep us posted on how we can be of service down the road.
lmao. That big bastard hit me yesterday
lovely gentle rain falling this morning - coffee steaming. perfect day so far. sounds like a haiku
The Board of Education's number 1 responsibility is to develop financial goals and strategies to support the district's educational plan.
Keep your hands to yourself.
Anyone else #running today?? #6amclub -- CHECK!
... About birthdays...Mine, tomorrow, August 12th! Danny Shirley of Confederate Railroad is also that day. :)
When you have kids my age, im sorry, dinner is out of the question...
There is a guy pushing a wall through the library. This is all.
Matt, love your work. What's the best way to get in touch?
u better jerk ass nigga!!! 4life!!!!
Hehehe it's awesome! :)
The indiana pacers will beat the miami heat
Tablo: A new tool for teachers to create and share lessons
I'll be in Columbus next weekend for work - what's god, sup
Great weather in #Columbus! #golf time!
I am the 1%. I blame the 1%. I take money from the 1%..... Barack Hussein Obama
They're using the wrong Duke Twitter acct, unless Mashable just wrote it wrong - should be /DukeBluePlanet, not a newspaper acct
Or else what?
Just casually leant into a can of spray paint.
Happy birthday. Have a great day!
Anyone check out the new Cutwaters from the folks at Fluid Motion? Impressions?
Unlimited copies of "Camera, Speed...ACTION" Autographed copies are now available. 25 cash to me includes shipping.
I keep spacing out :O
Awesome! I can't wait! <3
Stars never date their fans... pahah if I was famous i'd date a fan.
thanks for spreading the love! We really appreciate all the support from New Driven!
so if u could have any superpower what would it be?? (:
' i like the sound of PUMA Pints...I hear they wash down a win pretty well
im going to give you something for valentines day with the excuse to give you something for the f*ck of it.
": Cuhz the sun reflects off the blue rag cuh RT : why is the sky blue cuh?" Aha I knw that's right
omega burger yee buddy!!
ahaha no my name is not Vegas it's my nickname :)
How, specifically?
me either, now I get why people say they miss high school. I'll miss it
My sleeping habits have been really messed up lately.
Thank YOU for the Klout +K's! Have a great week! RT Thanks for the Klout 'preciate it.
That's awesome, but is there a Shift + F7 (Thesaurus) equivalent in Word for Mac? Drives me bonkers. Need thesaurus more than é.
la pobre :x
Character building can look abusive and it can feel that way too---Henry Conyers
Glad we could help!!! Thanks for coming out :))
Good morning(:
Guys, I can't truly enjoy your comedy unless there's at least five thousand pop culture references in it. Keep diggin' deep, friends!
definitely. Thanks!
So true re Newt: "the thing about not having any responsibility is you can say irresponsible things."
RT : understanding character-defining features RT : Q1: What skills are most valuable...
I always wish for a retractable roof on those days. RT : Perfect weather this morning. Can we have the library outside?
The FTC has charged a payday lender with Piling Inflated Fees on Borrowers and Making Unlawful Threats when Collecting
Our ipads r pre loaded w/Apps using configurator 2 make sure ppl have access 2 emr. Requires additional access info 2 set up
thanks for the RT!!
you, sir, did not tweet me back.
Haha i figured, no judgement. Shes the orginal and i have no clue who The Jam is.
you will be my favorite person ever if you pick me it would mean the world to me and my daughters.
My DSLR should by as at least as smart as my smart phone. When I pick it up after my phone it is glaringly apparent. And at 6x the $?
Getting ready to watch the ball drop on #CNNNYE from our little cabin in the woods in WV. Happy New Year!
"You dont have to be my friend but is it too much to ask: Dont laugh at me, dont call me names. Dont get your pleasure from my pain."
Mark Buehrle (is that really how it's spelled?) will be missed. Thanks for 2005.
Very close to The List Rule: Any list of arbitrary length will get the response, "Why aren't P and Q on your list?"
"and so the lion fell in love with the lamb" guess what I'm doing????
Difficult to predict within a reasonable degree of actuarial certainty. Basically depends on who is winning...
people who have the same blood type as you and there isn't enough donated... IDK IM NOT A BLOOD SPECIALIST :X
You do this on the weekend, I do this every night! I SHAKE LAAHH SHAKE!!
I seriously die every time Kendall calls us his Cover Girls.
Crashed out early on the couch, no longer sleepy :(
Dunno why we weren't following you. We are now :D
Word of the day: fauxbrarian
Congrats Darius.. Most Deserved RT : Thank God for all he's done for me an mine.. Truly blessed!!
well my friend, White Zombie to rock out to, but zombie as the first day back from holiday ;) kinda yin yang thing
don't get used to all this free time prior to the SB!! WHO DAT!
matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter 10
okay. But you've gotta promise you wont tell anyone *pinky swears* LOL
I love my new forerunner 110!
Sweet, doctors visit was $135
Wanna see Marvel The Avengers
...back at hotel for a few hrs before tonight's session - nap time- ready.... GO!
I hate when someone is parked in my RESERVED parking spot! WTF?! You can't read?? Now I gotta have you towed!
Thanks for the reply, Roger, and understood. John (ex-JSTOR)
in my lowest point of my life, God is always my strength..
:( ": I'm so used to the feeling of getting hurt."
It should be RT Wait, isn't that the point of having a MA liquor ID? So you have can drink if you don't drive?
With all this talk about Bin Laden, we should remember that it was Saddam Hussein who was responsible for 9/11.
: You weren't the only one. I thought they could get the Eastern finals.
#IADMIT im the worst person to give an iPhone to this year damn
I am a vibe seeker...a seeker of vibes ::::makes fluttery hand motion::::::
Got caught lol
I'm thinking I'm going to start the P90X Workout... Just turned 25 three days ago... would be nice to be back in shape...
thanks for the RT on my piece
june 19 .... NO SCHOOL & BELIEVE !
I was just told I look better with the lights off... Thanks Emily. Love you. xD
Hope everyone enjoyed their weekend! Come by & pick up our strain of the day; George Clinton!
beautiful day in NYC.
Nothing quite equals the freedom of doing that thing which once seemed impossible. Jim Woods
no smack intended my friend. Just explaining timing of conference move.
just one day
Big ups to to the whole NVMe Family , My Frontline Soldiers
where did you eat (so I can avoid the place)?
nice to meet you. It should be a fun class!
I was just forced to sing Michael Jackson.
thanks man, we'll need some babysitters!
Stayed in all day. Cold finally leaving...I think.
High School Musical Sing-along with my sisters Ariana and V.<3
It was rough.
Went downstairs to get potbelly and locked myself out :(
Hm .. click the part that begins with FB--that works for me, at least. (Nice to see you here, Marc!)
Hello Miriam! Nice to meet, always happy to chat about #musesocial and #MuseEd stuff
Disney has announced "Avengers 2". Also announced: water is wet, sky is blue.
No... Facebook ruins everything.
Parsons: alternative to #data #citation tracking is usage tracking, so focus on
interesting..the www.thedeal.com is really relevant and gets it!
I'm not a Rangers fan but I'm a huge Josh Hamilton fan.
Going to get coffee ~_~. Hayy.
1940s weekend in your country sounds terrifying. Does everyone gather in the bunker and cry?
MT : I can't wait til Mitt has to spk to the trees and thinks it's a good idea to grow the Lorax mustache. //He hired Jeff Foxworthy
“: Brett favre = rocky balboa. At the end of game, I half expect him to yell "Yo deanna, I did it!" Still talkin football?
hey now “: No surprise that Gamel & Aoki have hits. haven't been around long enough to know you're not supposed to hit Dempster”
WI recall primary = 2 weeks of Falk vs Barrett for Dem nomination. Liberal fight!!!! hehehehehe
#Blackmomscatchphrase You aint sorry yet. Wait til we get home......
CHOOT EM!! #SwampPeople I freakin love this show!! Gotta love Troy...no matter who ya are! :-)
To all married men: Prove your power through your loyalty to your wife. Lose respect and your power vanishes with it. Got it?
Just came from Lincoln mall now im extremely depressed n disappointed
You're not exactly making a good case there.
Having so much fun at the #NWWeddingScoop!
make sure once you jump you bring your feet together in the beginning! lol -_____-
BUD ICE is my best friend lol, dirty 30 2morrow
Finally made it to so good. Thanks for the tip.
just did .
3-4 hours at the pool. 10 of us drinking beers swiftly. Only 4 got out to tinkle. Pool is warm. #solved #themystery of the warm bathwater
Apparently I exude good vibes :)
Go Denver!
Dressing is a way of life.
Thanks thanks thanks!
#DesireThursdays- I desire the most glorious-most outrageous, grounded, fiery, deep, sacred, gorgeous, illuminating mastery in history!
Nothing to make you feel older like a friend in the newsroom (no names here) who thinks she had "a casette tape" when she was younger.
": i cant roll up right now smh" I'm already ahead of u. Finna shower an roll anotha one
Nothing like a day on the farm.
Why does think I have Klout about Jersey Shore? Seriously, I need to understand this.
Is it weird that the PM made my default password for this scrum tool 'elmo123' and I never changed it?
isn't it possible Kennedy was just asking tough questions of both sides? Does his opinion really seem decided to strike down?
yep. They're fantastic. I've also listened to the audiobooks.
after my own heart, minus Mashable. (OK, and I went Macbook Air because it runs Lightroom like it's making it count.) Nice work!
"Didyouknow...Aloe Vera, one of the ingredients in RAW Heat & RAW Ice, is an excellent skin moisturizer and natural anti-inflammatory.
saying no one gives a fuck! Apparently she did! -____-
I saw on news this morning
Thanks! Y'all need to come over and visit soon. Its great porch weather.
I had very important things to tend to. Like eating nonstop.
Hey Just followed - thanks for the compliments !! We love what we do!
I remember my sister taking me to see Virtuosity w/ Denzel when I was about 13 that is the first film I am positive of seeing there
Hope you enjoy browsing it--I always do! Also, check out the mobile app, it's great.
Packing for Vegas is so perplexing when it is for work! Somehow I don't think the standard bikinis and minidresses will fly this time...
The entire club is now coming.
It's ironic how I dropped some dough and I copped the Homer Simpsons.
kidding, i miss our art craziness
Very enjoyable evening with friends at Savory in Malibu. G'night.
Chipper Jones singles to right to give the Braves a 3-2 lead in the top of the 9th.
Only if she weighs the same as a duck.
Haha Manchester united thought they just won nope not so fast!
I guess I think it's super cute that you try so hard.
off to the TLA we go
Let me get that Info !
Stop by our office during your lunch break for our Passport Open House!
Search and Rescue underway to find that opportunity that makes all the difference and rewards my family and me
I suck at writing.
depends on my schedule
you sir are a saint. Thanks for supporting indie film. Can't wait to hear your thoughts .
It's the monolithic talking points from the right that are slowly eroding democracy at it's core.
I think respect is the first most important thing in a relationship other than trust.
Hopefully this summer goes as planned :)
Trying to explain Twitter to people who don't use it is exhausting.
sure but can u follow ? Babe pls ;)
Somebody commented on one of our videos that we got that " acoustic swag" ha I think that's one of my favorite comments ever. -Grant
Sox Yankees, Bruins Caps playoffs... 7 am sleep time again so Ill think ill stay inside al day to recoup
It's folks like you that make us great! Thank's for watching!
The needs to end this losing streak at Great American Ballpark!
I'm never on twitter wow
Custom Cupboards Launches Spring Products At Kitchen &amp; Bath Industry Show: Exotic Veneers, High Gloss Finishes ...
You have to go through hell to experience heaven
I love this! Not seeing Baby's Day Out either :(
Getting ready 4 another sat night @ work. Here's hoping for a fun lucrative night for all!
Hey followers!You guys should add me on my personal facebook.Search me by my email
H.O.E.S = Happily Offering Everyone Sex
remember when tore off janet jacksons top? I DO! FCC went ballistic
Wallpaper's going up in the new men's bathroom in the lobby today! Can't wait for work to begin on the ladies' room!
So happy for you folks! Kudos from the BuzzCo Crew! =)
Cotler: Internet helps shame human rights violators. || Fascinating point - blostering a major weakness of int'l law
hahaha nigggaaa you said boobs for days I'm weak
Once again, my intro class declines to Go There when I start lecturing on the Sambia
I sure hope getting beat today proves to be the best thing that could happen to them.
I agree. By the time you reply to this tweet it will be winter again
Fckk er friend, then I pass er to the big homie.
Let's do the Time Warp again!
I don't get sick of how many times they play on the radio. Now your just somebody that I used to knowww :]
Let's Go Marist!
That looks like one straight shot, nice!
iTunes store lets u download music so u can die in peace RT : I'm pretty sure I'm bleeding internally. Is there an app for that?
When I cum, I ejaculate divinity.
Wow! 14 more days until finals are OVER!
thanks so much for
I Love You Justin <U+2661>¹³
Rough day for so many. Keep praying for the King family!!!!
They call me the MEMORY MASTER
yes I am. VERY
i went 15mph over the speed limit to make it home in time for the NCIS season finale.....
my twitter keeps telling me i have a direct message. but there is no new direct message -_-
Well, ladies. I do believe sums up what I've learned from you all.
You've got the first step, Understanding Yourself.
The Club Paradise Tour- Drake May 11 7:05pm MGM Grand. Sold out show! If you wanna go to concert of the yr hit me up! I got extra tix 4 sale
“: Private sector employment rises by 93,000 in November, biggest gain in 3 years, payroll processor ADP says. $$” good news :)
I hate pretenders !!!
Bernie's? The other day Ben said it was a no go now.
The parking ticket gal just drove by talking on her cell phone. Can I give her a ticket??
I cried when my boyf ignored me.
Spinach BLT wrap w/ chips and salsa for just $8.99!! Quench your thirst with a $4.50 Sun King pint!
Mom is getting married to her lady friend. In New York.
Tonight: Canned Acoustica IV, Warehouse Live, 813 St. Emanuel. See you there!
that's bad!!
“: Hitting your hip on a corner and feeling like you've been shot "LMFAOOO
Hi! I do have a lot of crazy ideas...but I'm not sure which one you're talking about. Could you narrow it done for me? :)
Caitlin has a great set of boobs!
It's not too late! FInal week of summer #workshops starts today w/Elements of Journalism at 1.
formations and why SKC uses 1 forward instead of a more traditional 4-4-2 are they REALLY using the strength of their roster
I am starting to realize that I dont really have a life anymore and its only been one week of school.
ah neat. a zoomed in, distorted image of the picture i want it to be now.
#CincoDeMayo Party 2Night Music by ( Son) Get ready for a PACKED House
Thinking about getting a new MacBook Air
LoL He want all the attention. Gomez is like that with me, everytime I'm on he tries to get my attention by meowing or paws me. :)
Thanks for the RT!!
It's Better Speech and Hearing Month... Let's spread the word!!!
I'm wide awake now -___-
Working a Fraturday of Boardwalk Empire, night's just getting going!
1st legislative subcommittee hearing of the 2012 General Assembly session. #bringiton #rockinMDhistory&heritage
WITTY WED: I read recipes the same way I read science fiction. I get to the end and I think, "Well, that's not going to happen."
I assume you offer Spanish at HHS. Is there a way I could contact that teacher? I'm retiring, have materials for him/her.
": Pretty Ass White Girl... Lmao" lmao i kinda thought so. But im not white haha.
Two wrongs don't make a right
ome you're cute. let's make out. - april
This finals week will be the death of me.
#whypeoplerember something u did wrong
today's my friend's Bday and the best gift is if you follow her,will you make her dream come true?.22
78% of #bankruptcies had #MedicalInsurance at the start of their illness, inclding 60.3% who had private coverage, not Medicare or Medicaid.
"Take me out to the dancehall. Wear something pretty." That's my fav Pat Green jam. Nothing like
2br / 2 ba luxury condo available for rent in Baltimore county.
*he lifts your face up* Your lips like nothing from this Earth. *he kisses you*
A practical tip for building relationships with the media: ID why you want to contact a journalist before making the call.
Merry Christmas and Happy New Year! I hope everyone has a wonderful and safe Holiday season.
Heck of a game, Zack. I was scared til the last few minutes.
arch, i still have one more class!
drinking with the lovely Amber at the bar. Best cocktails and service in Lauderdale.
Microwave would get shotgun -__- RT : My car needs a microwave in it. . . And a fine ass bitch in the passenger seat.
A human being is a being who is constantly 'under construction,' but also, in a parallel fashion, always in a state of constant destruction
Love Me and Leave Me that's the story of my life... But it ain't gonna happen again see cuz I got a butchers knife!<f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B4>
lol y u mad
Like their wives could just run out on the field and tell them to get it done!? Sheesh.. Some people..
Was your history teacher mean to you?
driving around town w/over 30k of orig MP art in back of uhaul makes me nervous! #getitsold!
lol no joke?
I think we need a report about which variety of TastyCakes comes up tops with this year's cohort.
What to do What to do??
if not this weekend then nexxt! I have no idea what I'm doing so I'll text you tomorrow (:
thanks Michael!..now that you've taken so many pictures of us you have our dirty souls--thats how it works right? Have fun!
IT'S DA CLIMB
OMFG ITS FREAKING HOT IN THIS HOUSE!!!!!!!!
When the boring stuff u hear goes in 1 ear thn comes out the other &All the interesting things stays in ur headStory of my life
Omfg! What.... no RNG!!! Ok ok I need to calm down here but if RNG goes home! I just......can't
Granger isn't intimidated by Lebrons punk ass hairline
ok then I respect that lol... We can do that then
I def can! Just let me know if either of you find out the presage password!
found her monologue and it's fabulous. ;)
Too hot with blankets on...too cold with them off
We're still adding FREE shots of espresso to your drinks this week! Try your favorite iced!
It's dangerous working w/ editions - Always tempted to go somewhere new!
I can't wait! That might be the highlight of the #wsuprssaluncheon!
Facebook and Twitter are the leading cause of cell phone battery death.
Look at the word responsibility—“response-ability”—the ability to choose your response
MotionDSP CEO to Deliver Address on Real-Time Image Processing at the Full Motion Video for Defense Summit
I'm a wreck with emotions right now. I can't decide if I'm excited and happy to move on or depressed that I have to let go..
Bears re-sign RB Kahlil Bell - Chicago Tribune
Gotta get better with time
If you decide to trespass and ignore posted signage, you could be arrested and FINED $429!!
Come show your support for ABz basketball season opener tonight tip-off :30pm against Alacranes, Melrose Park Civic Center!!! Go Blues!!!!
Small ball, y'all.
Q: What happened to sharing links directly to Twitter when you add the link via bookmarklet?
Riding through NJ and have no idea why...memories in this state ain't that great...a rusty bullet tends to do that to ya..
I heard there was thousands of mavs tees in the parking lot last night after their loss. No respect!!!
oh so true
come on Thunder, hold on! come back and sweep
Listening to Zeppelin and Floyd on the big bike speakers. Holds up after 40(!) years. think anyone will EVER say that in 2042 about Rihanna?
Question for #TCEA2012: What is the best thing you've learned at the show so far?
I'm never buying seeded grapes again! It's like a an eating obstacle course.
hope you made it.
Or wait, and #PPV via #VOD, or even less expensive....
awesome shot
Okay, I'll text you soon as I get it & do yu have instagram ?
yes! (: I'm in love with it!
Oh no! RT“: Really, an Air Canada pilot strike! You have 5 days to correct this!”
That last tweet was a gaffe. I meant: If you give me a billion dollars, we can fuck.
Does Birdman on the Nugs have a twitter?
HAPPY V-DAY LADIES HAVE A GOOD 1ERBODY -JTURNER
It's music nite and $2 Tuesday. I'm asking John now what the $2 beer special is and report back soon : )
#Baking cupcakes, brownies and spiced apple cake for the holidays!
Hey, parents in the Invisalign ads, how come you gave one of your kids braces and the other one Invisalign? Good job, Dr. Mengeles!
I actually kinda miss
Listening to share at the NYLA SSL conference! Great ideas as always!
“: A real Superman is not afraid to stand next to a Superwoman!” <<-- Love this!
fuck basketball.I only always want 3 teams to make it.If they don't, then I loose all interest I had
Yeah, we've always drive Toyotas and Hondas only. Toyota is my favorite. (:
Congrats Jenny! RT : We need to get you in touch with who won TheCR Focus at
Tired... Bout to go home :]
Thank you Wirfs'! Your Antique & Collectibles Shows consistently benefit the #SunshineDivision! this weekend!
Still sore from air hockey Friday night. That crap was intense. Clearly, if it doesn't hurt, you're not doing it right.
Watching Bully film screening tonight in NYC!
Recorded, edited and formatted three audio lectures yesterday for my class. I like to think I'm getting better at this #podcast stuff.
You only ever need the RGB option for when you relink to original files that exceed 10bit 422 quality.
A high school teacher once called me an enigma in front of whole class. ;-) Thank You!
Can't wait to lunch :-)
Of course it's beautiful outside when I'm fucking sick.
Always! Gonna do it all over again tomorrow for #FF Haha!!! Same to you!!!! Positivity!
Message from Shitler: "PAY YOUR RENT."
yay! We have a great little party tonight! Haus Of Bes!
Hahahaha fuck the pigeons even on mothers day RT : Happy Mothers Day Lesean Mccoy! Enjoy your special day!!
is pretty sick. Well done last night at #Sutra sir!!
About to listen to Aron Ezra from #macroviewlabs on the Mobile App Frontier
Body aches
Rft! never mention your lover on twitter cause the Dv girls will follow him and attack lol #Lessonlearned”
tony oh tony
seeing cute couples...
are you sure?
is everyone having a great Tuesday? stay warm
#FF because he is also me, and I say awesome stuff.
Oh the chaos, the store's really busy and we were expecting a mellow sort of day
Eternal Sunshine of the Swiss Bank Account
"Where ever you are - be all there.".
Also found that fountain works when dragged into Final Draft 7 (what I have) I think just without auto caps for scene headings.
I just got Motivated...AGAIN ;)
My shoulder already hurts...
love that I can watch you guys streaming live from coachella!
You want LA to get swept?
Jealousy is the spice of any relationship. When it is too much, it's a poison.
hahahah i know right lame asses =]
Tweeting with my cracked screen blows! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3> it's still too early to get it fixed.
Hey FAC Heads! Hope you all stayed as dry as possible out there! Come on by tomorrow for 4 gram 1/8's all day!!!
ready for my boys see you soon
I really like this one. "everything is not for you" my Mom used to tell me "if it's ment for you,you will get it!"
Thanks buddy! I'm always ready to
I want to win the arcade
#5votes to keep me in sacramento.
Back in Brooklyn. Why does it feel so much like home?!!!
Okay just texted u and Ikr!
Is it a full moon out???? The ninjas are really trippin...Imma be single for a minute if this keeps up....smh.
thanks! Are you going?
yeah I know! I want someone to hit him in the face!
Let your guy friends know about - trips for the adventurous man.
Rad! I would really love to send that address on to my husband and They've recently had a lot of press
bama is lighting it up
<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D> RT : All my mom wants me to do is cook her dinner...I still bought her something lol
- to solve problems & promote open exchange of information.
It's the REST of the team that needs football-catchin' lessons. :P
sucks all those burgers were wasted by all those blind people fingering the shit outta them.
night you guys its still me changed username
I love when Zito gets a hit
My bad
Oh yeah, Necco wafers. Forgot about those! Like.
i changed my password so those dumb tweets about making money shouldn't come up anymore
Thanks for the RT
This boy puppy is so cute. I can't stand it.
My first #FF Great new shop in South Boston. Lots of locally produced wines, beers and spirits. Check them out!
Huff hits 15-day DL with anxiety disorder
I been so busy, it's ridicoulous.
The pilot was about the Tawana Brawley case. The Sharpton figure was appropriately portrayed as despicable. Since then? :-P
IT'S A NEW DAY.....HAVING A GREAT DAY SO FAR!!
Proud Granny see you the weekend..........
Excellent! Can't wait! (And no apologies necessary...your timing is actually perfect!)
hopes to see everyone @ Dan McGuiness Demonbreun on Tuesday night -- 6 pm! Special guests Devin Belle and Mike Willis!
Very fitting ending. Games like this are what happens when your 5th best reliever is the closer.
sure, what kind of project?
having issues with MS's Outlook... and that is why I love GMAIL
yea . thank God lol
It is what it is. We weren't in your shoes, and you didn't see what we did.
I'm so tired smh
I would just embarrass myself in a 5-aside, I bet I would be decent at penalty kicks, tho. CC
Thanks great post
I wish you were here too! So far so good, but we've just begun. Plenty of time for adventure left. :)
God let me accept the things I cant change, courage to change things I can & the wisdom to know the difference.
excited to see you at the press club Monday. I'll be the one with the waving foam hand.
Will do, sir. Or we'll do sir. Or will dew sur. Oh crap...
GOING 2 GO SORRY BUT IM TIERD GOOD NIGHT
So, what have we learned after three days of intense talk and presentation on geo-spatial research/technology in the humanities.
Up bright & early . Woo
i just voted for u gies in the #popoff !!
Haven't been on here for a while...love you all :-)
haha! Thanks for playing homie-LOVED YOUR SET! Glad to finally pop your Rogues Cherry.
#thatawkwardmoment when you're #winning and the one who thought they were is
Such a good book. Received that as a graduation gift from high school mentor back in the day
Bye, bye old icon.
Josh Smith might be telling him in a more abstract way.
can you hear me?
#SaySomethin IS LIKE THE MOST AMAZING SONG EVER. I LOVE IT. <3
same here. Because I've never seen a person in underwear before. Scandalous!
BEYOND WONDERLAND RECOVERY PARTY FEATURING: THIS IS GOING TO BE ONE FOR BOOKS! For VIP Reservations Text 818.602.7979
#sometimesyouhaveto accept the fact that the relationships over and move on..
Dropping into your heart and acting from that place is challenging and not a "normal" way to move through the world. So first, awareness.
All nighter! About to get back on Modern Warfare 3! Hit me the fuckk up!
Experts suggest you wash your sheets and pillowcases once a week.
No B day for me 2moro...
Old headline: Ya Gotta Bereave!
Pretty sure just requested a RESIDENT AWARD FOR BEST FIGHT OR BEST PROPOSED FIGHT from row in front of me. HE WINS BOTH.
that sounds like a great line for the next zombie map!
I didn't see Pee Wee tonight, but I'm pretty sure one of the chefs stole his bike!
You are so crazy
so how's your day been
Ready to make some magic happen
love. it.
Nick young is soo bad
haha shhh.. We just did a show at this show choir comp so it's all of them lol
I'm So Sad It Was The Lat Episode Of Wizards Of Waverly Place!! Imma Miss It So Much!! I Know Alex Would Win It!! & I Can't Believe Justin!!
Tweet family this is such a milestone for me! 4 years ago I started with #WVOL then to WMDB & now #Clear Channel. THE BEST IS YET TO COME!!
Every day is a brand new opportunity to learn, grow, and accept challenges.
Ugh. So much clutter!! I want a studio. :c
It's cold
Loves/Miss you status<3 RT : everyone follow lil miss sexy :)
Lol, got their nerves.
I didn't know you were a sailor. From the look of the water the conditions seem calm. Have a great afternoon sail!
RT now this is more like it! : Breaking: Marco Rubio to endorse guy who is going to pick Marco Rubio to be his running mate"
Have a great trip!
Gosh you're almost 1.2K!! :)
Correction. "Angel"
Censoring internet? wtf.
If DC wants "Secure Communities" they should go after the financial industries that destroyed them first!!!
Baby Daddy !
VBB fans check out Vintage Vivant at Swan Dive. If you haven't been yet, you'll love it. One of the coolest places in town, by far.
I teach at 3 different studios. I want you to be interested in Nia, but most I want you to move, there has to be a class you'd like!
aw, I feel special :) I apologize for whenever I blow up your phone with my nonsense, though. hahhaahaha.
ewwww sweaty girl bye
Stick to hockey Michael...Here, I found something you can start following
Tampon explosion
#PlansForTheSummer Live, Laugh, Love, Eat, Pray, Beach, Sleep, Party, Barbecue, Family Time, Friends and Travel
oh holy shit! Where did you get those?!?!?!
Dont have much time 2 tweet 2day ......well....i just did !!!!!
So happy to be home-love my mommy
Getting rejected is part of the plan
You know what would be funny? Hearing MItt Romney eulogize MCA. Okay, back to mourning my lost youth...
Attending John Davidoff's presentation on "Mission-Driven #Marketing at the Union League Club, Chicago
wants 2 talk 2 a student who has been in a college class in which the prof used a #backchannel. Please RT. #edtech,
i will be home tomorrow! :)
Remembering 911. My dad, cousin, friends in the city, clients loosing loved ones. Tragedy, hope, perseverance. God bless the USA!
The Sea Was Angry That Day
#weird #sucks #LeapYear So what happens for someone who was born on Feb 29 ?? Celebrates Birthday once every 4 years ?
any ideas on what you think Google is launching in the biz world?
Wheres one place you haven't been?
that's pretty unnecessary. i just want a meal
Aw yea its Gucci season G's on my belt buckle.
So my almost 3 years old son just told me.."mama you eyes is pretty"
From GAB on Sen Galloway's resignation: "Sen Galloway’s impending resignation does not stop the recall process,"
Is it secured bail this time (i.e., so he has to pay it up front to get out - unlike last time...)?
#ExtremeRules is tomorrow Cant wait who is gonna be watching whip brocks candy ass
says the battery in my laptop is fully charged but the one in my brain has just shutdown!! goodnight peeps!!!!!!!!! Movie and Bedtime
WE THE FANS ARE MINDLESS BEHAVIOR FAMILY
TGIF! GO CARDS! :D Don't forget to become a fan of HRL on FB by Tues March 23rd for a chance to win a 2 night stay for FREE!
Good morning...just woke. going to wash my face, brush my teeth..u know the rest.
good! And okay sounds perfect :)
oh aight lemme wear your sweats!
So Newt's taking credit for the 96 Olympics now huh
I'm always here...I know self hate and depression well...then I saw the light and became a steeler fan :-)
I don't know! I love lists, but year-end lists make me so mad I usually don't do one myself. I just know I hated that book. Heh.
DD is good! We're fans of specialty coffee too like here in LA
completely agree, born and raised in Chicago, remember the day he was killed all to well
That point on H-1 visas is the only smart thing that Gingrich has said all night.
Vote Ol' Floppy for #MayorOfChicago and I'll eradicate Al Qaeda from #Yemen like a west virginia dame's fart empties a tin cabin!
I think I'm the only person I know who likes going to the laundry mat.
How long are you in Portland for?
YES! RT I'm heading to NYC toward the end of March. Get ready.
I actually like that Beez in the Trap track by Nikki but the radio version<<<<
Hi Christie, do you remember time on the soccer field??
Waukesha County clerk once again being accused of election tampering... in the same year! Shame on you!
RT RT : Hoodies get you shot. Short skirts get you raped. No wonder people in the future always wear jumpsuits.
Saw I Am Legend in Guided study today.
Happy #CincoDeMayo from the Revolver Staff! #Vegas join us for our Cinco De Drinko Event at 8p! $2500 Cash Giveaway!
Not a fan on van rides
You Should Know Best What Makes Me Tick. Since You Are The One Constantly Resetting My Clock.
Come in tomorrow 4 our NEW Cookie Cakes. Cookies stuffed with our signature buttercream. Oatmeal w/Cream cheese. Chocolate chip w/various
how do you link it to twittah?
The secret of business is to know something that nobody else knows. Aristotle Onassis
Read a sample of The Power of the Actor: The Chubbuck Technique on amazon. Ordering it at this moment.Wish i had the book years ago
Please DM/Tweet us best contact email 4 u all. We r a music fanclub and concept art project focusing on #Heroes&Villains
I'm if you remove your Twitter account an re-add it, all is fixed.
The naked M&M commercial is the best so far!
aww she's cute
Broad Day In The USA
Someone just found my blog by Googleing "The movie where an evil little girl lived in a water tower on the roof of a house"
happy namesake day!
At this point Coach Pop is only playing Timmy for some good minutes, other than that this game is over!
This day would be absolutely amazing if it was 15 degrees cooler.
#Nap Time
Have a Wicked Weekend!
Harden shook smh
hey lady it definitley is good to hear from i hope all is well
half-price frappacino's! oh starbucks, the only thing better than a double chocolate chip frappacino is getting it half-price :)
S/O to for making the Pom Squad!!!! #again #newyoucoulddoit #talented :))))
Once in a while a good band puts out an "eh" album. Happens. All-time fave song? (I always quiz people this way, LOL).
Thanks for the follow.
Oh hell yes. Easily the best Co. I ever worked for. Staying at Gaylord Palms. It's swanky! A little lonely tho... Flying solo.
Did you hear Tony Romo named his child #Hawkins ?
thanks for RT
Big congrats Gabe!
should probably tone it down a bit...
Lol, doing too much!!! But what is wrong with you.?? You never give compliments to me at least
#DrewGooden Eastern Conference POTW the week after Ersan won the award. Things are looking up for Milwaukee.
Havin fun watching The SD Enforcers play the USMC Bulldogs at The Defender Bowl!
If pacers keep playin the way they are they're gonna win by 30 then the Heat fans cant talk shit lmao
Nevermind : ) Already friends. FB just likes to keep that stuff secret to me : /
*gasp* you should be a poet, you're rhyming, and you probs don't know it(;
You fellas been ah doing a bit a boozin? Sucking back on grandpas cough medicine?
RETWEET And Follow She Follows Back Nd She gives Mentions So The First 20 People To Follow Her Will Be Mentioned Im Checkinq .
That you figured my phones password out ....huh !
We just had a 5min. dispute to determine in which Tyler Perry movie "she gets beat up... then married". Still no solution.
or the classes in the valley or in la. and how much?
Good Morning everyone. Get ready for exciting deals for today.
This paperback is very interesting, but I find it will never replace a hardcover book - it makes a very poor doorstop. Alfred Hitchcock
yeah I did
off to work
Do I have to say hi to Kevin? Can I just refer to him as Dude Manrod for life? Hi Candace!
Oh, I got it about a year and a half ago. When are you?
What was the clue? "Awesome full-contact card game"?
worst meal if ever had from you at the philly airport. Not your normal high standards!
words cannot describe how much i wish evan and i could go to the cabin this weekend.
OH yesterday : Are you Christian? No, I'm Lutheran.
I have to find you! (I'm in the back, see you after).
I can't believe it's already senior day at WSU, this season has gone by so fast!
Checkin' out the new Lone Tree Brewing Company. A new brewery 5 minutes from my house? Yes please. First up: Hop Tree Double IPA.
Got a pretty decent laugh upon waking up today- love startin out on the right side of the bed!
I need a #FantasyFootballMiracle !
Wow - on , just heard that the whole competition will be live-streamed on !
I want to hurry up and read Mockingjay but I don't want it to end.. :/ It's a lose lose situation.
At least I got $10 from it :)
when my wife had carpal tunnel surgery, the surgeon came in and put his initials on the wrist to be fixed.
made this twitter on 6/6/11. almost a year... wow! :P
Listen or thy tongue will keep thee deaf. ~Native American Indian Proverb
Can't walk? That's normal.
A sad day for Apple. His genius, will live on for generations.
No! I haven't...thanks so much for the info - I know nothing about technological things...just guitar. ha. Thanks a million man!
Lady GaGa is supposedly the one to drop the ball... Words can not express how exited I am if that's true.
that seems to be the formula lately, just a win for one day at a time for the Sox will keep em in the game.
Somehow I just managed to get talked into running a 10K on Thanksgiving... I'm gonna earn my feast!
i know someone great for you, meet
Dangerous trend alert: Self-diagnosing illnesses with Google
Netflix is down. (shaking fist at God).
Gonna run to Costco b4 Lakers game. If I don't return, know I was involved in tragic shopping cart disaster or ate a bad sample of cheese
come get me lets go get water ice or something. I guess I just want to get out smh
I know right!! Well I'm just waaaayyy too hot headed for my own good. I be ready to confront people!
#firetwellmen common #espn get rid of this dude....
LOWKEY I USE TO HAVE A SAGGY STOMACH UNTIL I START DOINN SITUPS N GOT A 6 PACK
Im not sure about the big picture but had a close call.
made me wanna throw my panties at the TV with the way he was banging those drums!
What means the world too you
Last time I checked Demi didn't need autotune to be where she is right now so sit.
Thanks to all your wonderful staff for a great event today!
NOM!! Is that mango?? It looks delish! :)
Wal-Mart Stores agreed to pay $4.8 million in back wages in a settlement with 4,500 employees who said they were not paid overtime.
Gardening is a must this weekend … With all this rain, so much new growth must be tamed.
Bitch please.
RT : Do engineers that dismiss the importance of usability not see that Apple became the worlds largest co by making...
I love when people tell me to be ready and then they end up being almost 2 hours late.
Have we found our worst ref squad yet?
We're eating the aforementioned BBQ. Thelma's has spoiled us for anything else, but at least this Goode Co. is free, right?
top 10 characteristics of a creative person
Dying my hair more blonde at 2:30. #EXCITED! <3
From an office near mine, I hear a familiar voice from the past: "You've got mail!" They're still using that voice for AOL mail? Really?
gr8 way to cut cals? korean bbq!
Personally I really enjoyed 's book.
If I agreed with you we'd both be wrong.
I have 3 suggestions for co-host. And they are available. #JohnStamos #ArsenioHall & The guy from Community that host
going to vote but having more trouble deciding what's for dinner
Yes - CRA's new location is huge! Employees will get their first look at it later this month.
Hill International Selected as Construction Manager for Two Transportation Projects in Southern California
Giving thanks to our Heavenly Father for the style of feminine purr meowed to stir the sacred UniversalSoul...
Have been there the first week of December for the last 13 years. It's one of my husbands gifts to me.
#Solidarity from #MD-US. Protest Music 4 the 99% on
Good night :) sweet dreams TEAM MB 1-4-3
fuck it I got work to do
I cuss they asses out.
What is the one place you have been that you would never want to return?
CPD: Tamarack Market employee shot during robbery, life-threatening injuries. Gunman on loose.
Sleeping in Vegas....
Hey #Denver! Come on down to the #GapYear Fair at Denver Academy TODAY from 1-4PM
I went from Brett Favre to George Carlin on YouTube. Gotta say I really enjoyed both. RIP George.
Oktoberfest Lager is now on tap at both the Rohrbach Brewpub and the Brewery Tasting Room!
All this basketball is taking away time I should be playing Mass Effect 3. Oh well. I love #MarchMadness!
have courage, and the team will follow
Don't you hate it when people don't get the hint?
RT : #femlead So what specific benefits can a sponsor offer within the academic world?
If you could go ahead and hop on the 7:30 train to Chicago...that would be great.
Thanks! I love to serve and I am glad my tips were helpful.
I fucking love my friends.
you need to be in the bed
I am still in Israel. So good
no worries I was on the same train just the one that departed shortly after you.
Upside down in your mortgage? Contact me I can assist U & communicate w/lender. There is hope, don't suffer alone. .com
thats not who I am inside. I'm gonna have to tell my guitar teacher that I don't want to do any more guitar lessons.
makes me so sad when i gett on twitter and it says doesnt follow me. :[
nah. I'm golden with whatev.
Final day of #NBA regular season brings us a vs. clash at the Garden as and square off.
Cutler and Tommie Harris
i bet u actually know what #cgbb means lol
Good one! Laughing Out Loud! (It was worth spelling out.)
RT : A strong congrats to my friend & colleague 4 winning PRNews 15 people to watch
no power in the universe can withhold from anyone, anything they really deserve
Merry Christmas to all from MyBizXchange.com!
lol I did see Country Strong and it made me appreciate it more... but I'm still reluctant.
Hate this feeling UGH
Hope you did too! (:
Trying out new January items this morning. Need something to wash away the doom and gloom weather outside
yea me to! They call me the cookie monster!”)
I really need to marry quite soon!
When are you coming down to the lake?
RT - Just had to say I loved your interview with I really hope you stay in PDX! RIP CITY!
you're stupid...fix your hashtags!
#ELC Those going through NM, give me a heads up, and we'll have a home-cooked meal! ZAX!
Craft brewery enthusiasts: If you could tour the craft breweries of any country besides the US, which country would you choose?
Hah just realized what you were talking about--it was part of trivia night at the j-school.
can someone please be up with me? i'm dyin here!
I can make him one, Ariana. Then hand you over the account.
Happy breakfast!
Because it was the strangest thing. I'll message you my # on FB so we can talk about it if you want
I hate paying bills and watching money dwindle away :( Spending it was so much easier.
Soon i'll have more followings than tweets:o
But I'll check with Kelly in Electronic Records and get back to you.
I have a friend here in cincinnati who teaches zumba...
Don't be afraid! God does His best work in the face of impossibility. Be Encouraged!
At Milwaukee Farmers Market until 1 pm
“: Stevie G, you do a Rockytop cover last night?” yeah then we went into Tennessee Jed! lol
I have fought for rights too, but I never murdered anyone because I didn't get my way. Grow up and negotiate like a true Muslim!
We are too RT : Excited for the Measurement, Monitoring & Analytics event tonight w/ &
“Genius ain't anything more than elegant common sense.” - Josh Billings
Yeah dude I could do something in DC around 1215-1230 or so. Thoughts?
wow Magellan's got nothing on you.
I hate when you look up a question on yahoo answers and those cunts write something like "Do your own work"
thank you.. and when I tell Sconnie people that the horn honkin is annoying, they think I am odd
#NFL Hargrove told to lie to NFL about bounty program:
CITYCENTRE is excited to announce that we have signed a new restaurant tenant!
Oh, my. Carroll Shelby died.
Thanks again to the for all their incredible help at Cleopatra, CEO.!!!
Apparently the #Brewers do better when I don't watch the game. As long as they win, I can be ok with it.
Thank you!!!! Happy new year too!!!
you should never regret it. Also, you should sleep with him. Although he needs big asses and big titties
love to dicuss the future of PLE in schools in Your country.Can we skype?Mail Klaas one of the seven fantastic tools
I'm bored as fuck
hey, I have that camera!
How is your day going? Eh...night! :) ?
Today 1829: The Ho-Chunk (Winnebagos) relinquished territorial claims to a portion of land in Wisconsin.
Hi Greg, yes we have 5 pure essential oil blends for aromatherapy at this time. They each have their own purpose and unique aroma
yeah it sucks doesnt it mine start on monday :(
the PCF vote has splintered to the FN before so it looks that way
I'm tired, nobody look at me. #BitchyTweet, lol.
Not quite there yet.
"f*ck math, F*ck math in the ass"
The story about Alzheimer's disease is breaking my heart.
thx for coming by today and sharing samples with us - yum!
Just enjoyed amtrak's gourmet microwaved breakfast sandwich!
Magic! Do we really have to answer every question or are they more like suggested questions? It's cramping my
when i ask my students 'what's a noun' they say 'a person place thing or idea' and i say 'no' and they look shocked.
we like forgot about this account lolol
sharpening our dialectics, the workers will "prail".
Oops, just recommended Jason Wu to someone. Hope they aren't out of everything.
Q5: are there unscented repellents?
you've got the right idea, sir
With Mother's Day coming up we would love to hear about your Mom! What is the most valuable lesson she taught you?
Damn this movie is good, and sorry I don't like that wrestling shiz, but seriously the men thing is on point and needs resolved.
RT : I want a relationship where they know of us, but nothing about us.
eye fixed it.now shell know who eye am
luked at u in the voice book, and sed "WOW a star is born"<U+2665>
It's getting worse and its hard to accept
Watch my laptop shut off or spaz at 9:10....
I prefer when Taylor had blonde hair! Now she has brown hair! :(
damn, my man Michael Rapaport just got his "ghetto pass" revoked, #QTip made him sound like the character he played in
Okay, that last one was awesome, I'll admit.
Aaron Gilchrest keeps bringing the funny to the show! Thanks for hiring him! Good job, Aaron!
What a great loss today with the passing of Junior Seau. RIP
Pretty pic Christine! I go to Bmore in two weeks myself, cant wait!
Damn I'll be a senior in college in less than 24 hours! One more final BRING IT! ;)
if you make a bold statement like that, especially if it's not something that you normally do, people will be blown away!
Teen mom Reunion in an hour than the premier of It Gets Better. :)
same here so triplets
:) Wanna know what ima get you?
Is there anyone out there who DOESN'T fast-forward through "Cheer Up, Charlie" when watching Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory?
Thanks so much Denise! I am honored.
I haven't seen my parents together in the same room since Dec. It's been 30mins I've stopped 2 arguments so far. I need ' music.
The Irving Theater. (:
How did this happen?
Never let an altered state convince you that eating fiber gummies like candy is a good idea.
Lifes too short to eject the disk correctly.
just yelled incoming. Inches from a direct hit. Someone on 12 needs lessons
I just finished a 4.61 mi run with a time of 55:03 with Nike+ GPS.
did an awesome job dis organizing #bmorehistoric ! Thanks
- Is this You in the photograph?---Yes...
The Devils Carnival!
I posted ONE photo. That does not earn the title of blowing up a twitter feed. =P not like you people. You took up my entire wall
Thank you! Would be happy to show you more. Altius is doing great things!
Okay. I'll bite. Why do you want a metal roof?
Gotta go to Park City today
Thanks so much for sharing Jana's blog! Hope you're having a wonderful Friday!
We have corporate officials coming to check our human resources department on Monday so today was a lot of cleaning and organizing.
Then he said, we come from two different worlds girl..You're just an Earth girl. You could never understand the type of man I am.
Chilling like a villain.
Your lawsuit against Boundless Learning is unacceptable , , & Won't be using your books to teach.
Good block jordan
Merry Christmas!!
i'm like that with everyone, even people i do know.. idk i hate it meh
has to catch him first
Pissed i have to go back to Dekalb monday...they should have been did this
yea right
My family just lectured me on doing good in school and to read because i suck at everything in life lol how boring
it was upsetting thats my favourite outfit but i guess i cant wear it :/ WHAT YOU DOING?xx
I just finished a 7.13 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
Your hands...
Good to see you on twitter :)
Be careful when shopping for Pu-er tea, there are many knock-offs. Our Pu-er tea is handpicked from Yunnan's broad-leafed ancient tea trees.
You don't follow ?
// how many fantasy football owners would love to track their players while at the game?
hahaha yess !! Yeah what Christian said
your media committee didn't seem to care either. Mark my words--this will make America turn on you. You started off nobly enough
Well if you didn't choose favorites we wouldn't be in this situation...
Both put on by Tiny Fists: Activist Parents Traveling w Music, Workshops, & Babies
I too also will be there as well, too. Let's party.
i would in real life be your friend, in the event that you decided friends were a desirable commodity. <3
OK the wire shower than bed. Maybe
FINE! I thought you were a rebel -_-
Her face gets very small when she is mad. Grumpy dimples. Little balled up fists, tiny like a baby's, hitting her knees in frustration.
it makes me so happy that my 2 favorite people ever are close friends aw
I miss her! She was the best teacher EVER
YUH #GANGSTA “: and I are so cool bc we tweet and text each other at the same time totally different convos too”
so where is Liverpool seeded?
Thanks for following! Great restaurant and location, a true downtown favorite.
I'm so amped now I'm super wired on some #SugarFreeRockstar Wow <U+2605>Rock<U+2606>Star<U+2606>Status<U+2605>
looking for more followers
windex. fixes everything.
Hmm, I need to see The Raid just so I can yell at somebody.
If you have had the opportunity to try our cupcakes, please give us a review on the FB page!
Im still at a loss for words. Not cuz I can't believe it, but when it happens to folks u know, so close to home, it's jarring
Starting work at 10:15 is the most inconvenient time possible. Have to get there at 8:45 or be late.
let's get another guys!
Girl don't you got school in the morning? Why you at your boyfriend house anyway at midnight, take that ass home!!!
Hey Jason! hey no foul man, like I was saying, had read to many before coming to yours, lets just be friends ok?, Thanks Lee
bro text me
I don't even see you when you're 10 mins away at ub haha
tens of thousands are being helped find out how www.timothylucero.com
I am at the St. Pete Police Dept. covering this horrifying story of a 16 year-old Lakewood High student who was raped walking to school.
": RT You ? and You ? Go Follow » #TeamAutoFollow #500ADay for 2000 a week
I have big tits, man.
Awesome EP by ! My fav is "Always Shine."
BEST ENDING! You made me VERY VERY happy with tonight's episode. THANK YOU :)
S/O TO MY NEW FOLLOWER!!! AND SHE'S #TEAMFOLLLOWBACK SO HIT THAT FOLLOW BUTTON:))
do you still have a ticket for the game tonight.
dvring it... I have heard such good things!
why are you typing with all capitol letters?
A6: My experience working for student media and my internships.
I love his bowtie!
Ok one more day of the "beach gloom" - yeah, we'll have morning clouds over the weekend but the afternoons should be sunny & warmer - enjoy!
so this first week of my senior years wasn't bad at all...now its time to make it through the rest of the year alive
this is the longest we've been apart since day one...this summer might give us whiplash :)
Stop telling me I'm pretty. You think I don't know that already Albert fuckin' Einstein?
Hey #Braves what was the deal with the scoreboard? Had to start the live video thing while #Braun was batting? Really? Jerks. Go #Brewers!
Exactly. Blackhawks fans will get REALLY hammered if we lose tomorrow.
"my life isnt nothing, i can do something with my life, i have a life to live" student quote from our group
In addition, this tour is the best way to learn about American government system.Lets join us at2:00pm
how are the event ideas coming?
More #ff love to our new followers
looking for a love story.
Mediatomb works OK, but integration with Rhythmbox isn't going well. Maybe its because I have it indexing about 15G of content?
I will try my bestest! Is tardiness tolerable?
i love u guys to... to death... I miss u
Tyler the Creator told em they could be RT : why are so many females on twitter, unicorns? i don't get it :/
LA is very all right if you're down with , , , , , and tortas.
Yeah, it definitely promotes that ugly "menzez haz it eazier" rape myth. I'd rather be ignored than read that.
This nigga in front of me has to be thee ugliest!
Don't forget to enter our sweepstakes!
back from camp , hows everyone doingg ?
Findlay Brown - That's Right - 07:38 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Hey twitter followers!!!!!!11 What's up?!?!?!?
we clocked out a minute before midnight!! :o
Omg! so pround of you Mr.GRANDMAN :D
My pleasure - love your show
I thought it was "April showers bring May flowers," not "Unseasonably frigid April weather leads to traffic-stopping May downpours" lol geez
Harry Nilsson=my hero
Hi! If you're not playing this Friday, come to 8x10 to see with Brooks Long. Awesome line-up of tunes!
Doing again for Badger Hockey tonight. Puck drops at 7, feel free to come everyone!
they sell hamburgers.
where is Jim Harbaugherersteinschultzkovitzstevenson when you need him??
I think winless #Miami is going to pull it off tonight. They had a bye and are much hungrier (even if Jets need to snap 3 gm losing streak)
You are so welcome! We love awesome. ;)
One day I'll look back, and say I was Internet famous, SIKEEE .
Can I have a dispenser of your amazing strawberry preserves, please? :-) Husband loves them too and now we're out!
Lastest IM Reviews Posts Kindle Fire, Full Color 7" Multi-touch Display, Wi-Fi Reviews
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY DARLING <3 I love you baby girl. Hope you had a wonderful day today! XO :)
Is it time for a "Brown Jersey Letter Writing Campaign?" Send your snail mail to Berea, folks!
definitely the Air then. hopefully there will be tax free weekend soon or something.
After Clois sex do you think ANYONE will be thinking about a TV Guide poll? LOL
omg! I just realized why I have such a crush on it's because he's a doppelganger for !
I forgot my cd :/
yeah. I'm not lying. Once you post the tour dates, I'll coincide a Sox game.
successfully got you to tweet
Class is in Session
I love that I can sit in DH-focused sessions all morning at #dlfforum. I don't think that has always been the case, no?
It's all 's fault. Lmao
RT the grilled shrimp quesadilla from always aims to please....just like the prickly pear 'rita!
I must have a sign on my car that reads "please cut me off"
Just finished reading Friends Like Us by Lauren Fox. Looking forward to meeting her at the end of the month.
So I guess we can call you a bestseller now, eh?
How much does the smart car company pay you to talk about that car?
#MXpresidentialDebate Peña to AMLO: "I never said I'd privatize PEMEX, but modernize it"
Thanks! We'd love to be in London one day..Keep in touch
On my way home and a fight breaks out next to me on the 4 train. #didthatjusthappen?
So glad my gf is home for the summer. We gonna party hard..... Or not but still glad
So i'm learning to play guitar, and I'd almost given up, the song Remnants off Asylum inspired me to keep at it. Thank you!!
Under the Mistletoe is going to blow up Itunes!!!!!!!!!!
Ain't that the truth bro. Don't forget the black women trained to emasculate bros
Not sure, how do you feel about it?
thanks! I haven't tried hootsuit but have heard the tab feature is very nice.
RT : 21 jump street is hilarious< I wanted to see that movie
Hailstorm in may.
We were hoping for June 1st, but seems as though things are booked.
Having both of us at the same workplace could lead to trouble!
Kimkardashian on #dropdeaddiva , oh wow check her out
And that seals the deal.
Our thoughts and prayers go out to the Blasberg family. Erica always came to Portland and we will remember her great smile and charisma.
Can't even imagine how awesome 's day is going to go!!! You should definitely make a vid! #TGOD!
that's great :)
I just got a slew of disturbing emails from a "FAN". Aside from him trying to arouse me-being single doesn't mean I am desperate.
All I want in life is a Nathan Scott ... Not too much to ask, right??
In a world of automation and outsourcing why not let the government hire the unemployed so they can contribute + feel good about themselves
Students are starting to ask about applications.
Hi! Can you please follow & DM me? I'd like to hear your side to your 'Titanic' comments & the attention you've been getting
Yes, I'd like to think so too! #Happy! :-)
Too bad the Idol judges have to work so hard to make two dudes OK with a duet. Was it really that awkward and controversial for them?
Yes He Will!!
n u already kno suppose b a secret #lol shh
Well that went horrible.
Lando is definitely the most popular Star Wars character found in open trade boxes.
I'm really jealous that you're in the city all day! :p
Billy Crystal > Anne Hathaway and James Franco
69 followers G.G.
Out by the pool
ok what u want a chicken wing or a chicken leg idk bout u but I want both
YOUNG HOMIE VIDEO IS SICK!!!! I watched it 6 times in a row lol keep it up Chris!
I gotcha!! I usually like to he single over the summer, because things are just, easier. But I really am falling for him...
Who wants samples of KUMANI? Anyone?? Let me know. I'm working on it this and next week!
I swear Lenox Lounge as the best chicken wings.
hey I would be an awesome rapper!
Its astonishing how lost I am when the 'rents take care of the Harvey Monster and I have a free afternoon...
If you're using Chrome and Wikipedia is blue, go to View -> Actual Size
It's National Haiku Day, Twitterpals. Tweet your country music haiku at me and it might end up on the website this evening..
RT : Knock the "religion" but a life in CHRIST has very practical benefits & implications for a more--Great project dudes
UCI beat us. Pretty sure you were present. I see a correlation.
Hope that helps! =) Your talent can pretend they're telling ghost stories. A drama teacher shared that trick with me!
because I went to enroll at Scripps.
Can't decide if I really want my professors to post my grades on Banner or not...
Wow, it's not quite March yet but the madness has begun! Congrats Creighton
my faith in humanity has been seriously shaken ,if not #destroyed..ready to check out seriously
>>> can u DM yo info again for this feature... Thanks
how many is a lot? You had a little over 700 views.
I'm making an Alka-Seltzer nighttime cocktail. Here's to getting some sleep ... and hopefully the ability to breathe through both nostrils.
it's for real when you have a cubicle
that angel wing / sono one is WEIRD
first memory in a library - reading about mt. st. helens in my elementary school library. it was love at first site.
Man, I am on a roll. Powering through... nearly have all my blog entries for June complete. Yay!
oh! what?! monarch butterflies?! You didn't hear it from me... :)
Met some of our neighbors today--that's a new experience!
Hey Modest Mouse; did you really truly think that the out-of-tune guitar on "Gravity Rides Everything" was a reasonable creative expression?
As soon as I can drive by my self, I'm packing up and going to wherever Austin is at that time. San Antonio, Miami, wherever! #GetReady<3
"or else you end up like a bottle of ketchup with legs like me" haha. Why am I laughing?!? That sounds really painful!
RT : R-E-T-W-E-E-T if you are NO-LONGER friends with someone who you once called you're "bestfriend'..
Who's going to win today's Derby?
are you sure youu didn't say that..? Haha :]
No way you can tell me the Knicks are better w/o Amare, gotta learn to co-exsist and sacrifice fame
HHAHAHAHAHAA it means SISTER WHITE hahahahahahahahaha
Nothing worth having comes easy.
Just finished reading "The Hotel on the Corner of Bitter and Sweet". Would be great lit connection book for US history
Being hard to work with = epic fail.
Have a creative Monday! Take half of your lunch time to sketch, keep your creativity sharp!
now playing... the Magic Summer Tour show, hosted by aka DJAK! nkairplayradio.com
call me!
Goodnight to those who didn't receive a goodnight text tonight.
you R the Cm punk
RT if you believe is way differ to Justin Bieber & he's just bein him not a copier. b/c hes bcomin famous u don't have 2 hate.
Thank You! >throwing chocolate as chum<
Good morning GigiStylez have a bless day !
Let's do it!
Bath & Body Bistro is starting Trivia Tuesdays today ! Like our facebook page for all the details! Win a $5 gift certificate! Good luck!
#MyFavoriteSongis make me proud by drake ft. Nicki miniaj
Quote of the day: "It always feels awesome to know someone thinks of a future with you."
Thank you!
No, about a week ago. :p
in College Park, at the National Archives today. So far, so screened.
that you could potentially use in a paper
Off to my show at Island Grill, Show at 7:30 pm!
then the screen shattered and she spent 3.5 hours with a tech who couldn't transfer her data to a loaner phone. Frustrated...
me too sista! i've had a ton of dance rehearsals -_- WE WILL REUNITE SOON I PROMISE!
Happy revenge of the fifth
my pleasure! Have a great day!
Shout out: So Ruff Car Show has been cancelled for July 10th any questions look up soruffmagazine.com Thanks!
Full as ever...work in a bit.
Yes we are there;) RT : There's a in Union Station. That's about it.
GROUPon is like a COUPON for a Group. What if we employed the same INCENTIVES in our classrooms?
HEY! Just chill!
Beach runs are always fun and a great work out too. :)
what time?
just dyed my hair blond on top brown on bottom;)
Skip the gate by disconnecting and dropping out below at a point of lower magnetic field strength through the width not through the length.
where is my motivation? Did it take a vacation?
Wrapping up a report with on alumni colleges - they seem like a really interesting and emergent topic in #highered right now.
heck yeah whip it! (real god)
two words Butt Lift !
The number of people who die in #lawschool-exam-problem-related plane crashes is 30000% higher than the national average.
I've been to the year 3000. Not much has changed but they lived underwater.
you cant turn back so stop fucking saying it.. suck that shit up and get over it
The week is always better when you train...get it in today!
Have to work 2/day. But Sunday r usually laid back.
Only a few seconds can safe a life. Buckle Up!
You know that moment when you just write the "perfect" paragraph? Damn that's a good feeling.
Doesn't surprise me...
#unbelieveable RT condemns epidurals: women are meant to suffer the pain of childbirth. Sorry, ladies.
After 7 mo, 1st date wife and I alone. Watched "Rise of the Planet...", abt a lil' ape who become 2 smart and raucous. Parenthood metaphor?
Please stay tuned for more early AM give aways! Thanks for watching, Monique! :)
On top of work, some freelance projects, and trying to finish up the art for my next single, I'm swamped!
You're welcome. Let me know how it goes.
I like how since for some reason and I can't text each other, Twitter is our main method of communication.
Oh, you know, inside jokes (aka the movies we watched tonight).
Yes, that's a good idea. I'll pass that on.
Perhaps, though if I recall that was my major in both undergrad and grad. Maybe it's a specific type of bull?
When I leave my dog all day and come home he's mad at me so I feel the need to feed him whatever I'm eating to make up for it.
CleanStart is great for 1st timers! Gets deep in your colon. RT : what's a good cleanse 4 a 1st timer?
happy mothers day mom
ickkkkk, sunburn D:
you make me happy whether you know it or not
that, combined with the fact I can update 21 services with & only 4 with your new offering has glad I'm not an investor
That burger at Elsa's has had me in my seat since lunch. Kudos to for bday lunch. Now to run it off, if that's possible...
Good Luck!
.#CharterSchool n. a vehicle to move tax revenues from general purse and/to interject it into private market. Public paid-private welfare
It's definitely a classic rock kind of night.
Happy New Year Blaqstarr!!! Its our year!!!
I left them hoes alone to pursue my dreams
got to be an extension right?
RT : RT if has NEVER tweeted you.
please watch my profile and look my profile photo
bus fares are going up 2, its the same system. WMATA needs dedicated funding They relay on ragtag funds from fed & local gov
hell yeah, they be ballin' too hard to have no support.
do you like v-neck or normal shirts?
if it was not for Omar's double error we would have had a huge day.. I will book the profit and move on to
time travel. left PEK @ 650 am monday. arrived ORD @ 630 am monday.
your welcome
I have glasses but I never wear them. I lied and faked like I couldn't see in 1st grade to get them. I only wear them if I have a headache
This is funny!
A great coach and man who lost his life in a tragic plane crash. #
I think I will go eat some salad
- Awesome Indeed.
Workin on a - pyrite cover
Just another reminder...Monday a little after 5 pm, a concert announcement will be on! Don't forget to tune in! :)
Today's the day the best in Hollywood are crowned! I'm predicting #TheArtist comes away with the most awards, followed closely by
what did you think of the season finale?
I don't mind when the nights get chilly, because it makes it seem even cozier inside.
scratch that - character isn't Asian-American
#ImReallyGoodAt putting myself down..
Damn KS getting me to Awww at midnight!
M, chicken and rice!
no problem.
Apparently my library is built on top of an old pet cemetery. For real.
If you've never seen the movie my cousin vinny, you definitely should!!!!
you should be c:
Got a whacky DM from you this morning. Think your account may have gotten hacked. Might want to change that password.
I love postsecret
"The label 'Americas' doesn't seem to mean that much anymore unless you're a cartographer," A. Isacson #wasteofmoneysummit too many novelas
Thanks for passing on the word! Are you coming to the ride? We'd love to have OnPoint involved in this cool ride (or our others)!
The pop radio version of "Somebody I Used To Know" really bums me out. Especially since Gotye said he doesn't like it.
#TOPMUSIC North West based band, Our Day Remains are being touted as the next big thing....Music News' Dean Midas Maynard finds out more.
Dont get me wrong, I liked the article & my assumption is wrong, nonetheless you should google around so you dont think Im nuts.
LaPlante with a big save at the end of the first quarter to keep the score at 4-2 heading into the second.
I already have the Megadeth pack and I don't care enough for Linkin Park to buy theirs.
Yayy! Cant wait to see yo face :) hugs are a necesity
r u watching it? :)
Isn't #socialmedia day every day? :)
Aw that sucks :/ Hope you feel better soon!
Found a Law & Order: SVU marathon on TV. That's the stuff.
Hey none of us are as young as we think we are. Or something. Still love you no matter how old and out of touch we get.
Bynum will be traded to an under .500 team.
New Video: - Not A Day Goes By (prod. ) HEAT ROCKS!
On our way to see Safehouse after a Movie.... Who knows wats next!!!!!:)
#Workaholics take it sleazy
Added myself to the WeFollow Twitter directory under:
what happened?
Latest version of #Adobe Reader attempts to install McAfee Security Scan. You have been warned. I HATE this tactic of bundling extra crap!
The babes of Seattle, now in Twitter form.
Or her less popular 'Jenny on the Cock'
Watching Forest Gump (not the first time) and TOTALLY digging the running scene ;-)
Hanging out with old friends and their beautiful daughter Isabel...I love the holidays ;0
Independent Massage Therapists wear all hats-owner, cleaner, advertiser, receptionist, appointment setter AND give up to 5 massages per day.
Just discovered that Evan can count backwards from 20 unaided. We didn't teach it to him and they don't do any math at his pre-school.
I problem! You are too(: but I bet no one listened to me, haha
My father is an ignorant fucking twat
mrs Parker mrs parker#smokey voice
you can just search my name on iTunes, facebook, and YouTube! (probably the best ones)
This is what most people hope for and Im letting myself throw it away. I have decided to cherish this, and really enjoy things like I should
must conduct research examining why video game creators love chuck norris so much, prepared to be shocked by the results
-- really excited to see that there's a new episode of TWIVC! Really missed having my regular fix the past few months. Thanks!
anyone seeing Spring Awakening tonight?
Waiting on my new #NewtonRunning shoes to arrive...hurry UPS guy. I need to get out there on the open road.
just 2 more followers ... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
I kinda feel like I have been run over by a truck. At least emotionally.
it's gunna be like a zoo in there.
it's also "national pancake day" at iHop- peanut butter & pancakes...yum!
drastically reduce plastic usage!
I can't believe how grown they are! They're so beautiful now.. :D
Please extend Wright, Thanks.
you guys are so cool. Thanks for being great people.
Note: "letting my day unfold organically" means I'm sleeping in. Please time your emergency phone calls thoughtfully. Thx!
actually, it was kinda alexis's idea originally.
Stick It is on #abcfamily :) I love this movie!!
Shocked at how you talk to people on twitter, calling them names and losers while speaking as a rep of
Watching the boondocks with my mom
Picasso Co. Are specialized in custom home remodeling services.
What the hell is wrong with Kei?
Today's the day I search all of Twitter with "Irish music sucks" and reply with "THIN LIZZY, YOU FECKER!"
cant wait to get back in the water and start my off-season training (by myself lol)
Finally got running on new laptop...added file system scan exception in It would lock up w/each file part
Where can we hear some of your production? Your track record looks legit.
Yeah and how does it feel to be the one that caused those thoughts for someone else.
I'm never making them again...I smell like them ugh
oh I'm sorry
Thats adorable... I remember when I was four.
I love Christmas-the lights, trees, colors-so why am I celebrating the Roman holiday of Saturnalia instead??
Also, I was told that touching it wouldn't make the mom reject it or anything...supposedly not true?
Hey Gurl Love Your Style Lol Nice Job On Skyscrapper(:
Coke Zero?
Am I going to rent a game or not?
Twitter is a drunk text database. That is all I have to say about that.
I agree!
Heehee. RT : "I was into gay mariage before Obama was into Gay Marriage" - Civil Rights Hipsters.
Thank U! Big Fun! Laughed so much while serving your guests that my ribs still hurt. " congrats on the #WIN!! :)"
these people at my school are going to a 1D concert and the only song they know is What Makes You Beautiful. it really pisses me off. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Anybody know someone in the front office at Worlds of Fun?
yumm! What are you going to get? :)
Are you running in the Marine Corp Marathon this year?
thanks - needed one during the audit even more ;)
'memory of paper' site was bit confusing to me. but their links page great! - didn't know briquet, or parts of it, was online
He said he's going to try again with a different girl.
People get old. Look for different things. Little stuff starts to mean more
what are u getting?
If so, it might be worth translating their names into English. (Never assume English speakers also know French. :-P )
Going to kick it with the #Unlawful Family tonight at the #Shadow Room
Anyone who has ever fucked a fat girls belly button can tell you, it's not "all the same in the dark".
": Y does everyone think I have no bat speed at 47" Any mlb teams you'd be interested in signing with?
two months. we're awesome
don't grind too hard ... Why ?!
let me get the keys to that new ride!
has anyone here heard of ? cus they are verified and followed me so i don't know what my reaction should be...
I'm soo upset :( devastated can't believe pats lost this
& then made light it. Did you know their slogan is 'adapt&survive?' I expect more progressive ideas from
Watching Ryan Higa YouTube videos all day. So Funny! :)
thanks Cy! You glad to finally be done?
me follow joo now!
taylor swift with straight hair <
2day from beginning to this very moment has been some supreme bullshit! I'm so over this day....I swear
pssst..keep this a secret..you don't have to know exactly what you're doing when you start writing! You just have to have a baby inkling...
I hate that im death from one ear and I have a country ascent "/
ah OMG! Hahaha now that is what I call CUTE! I wish I could knit so I could make kitten a sweater like that! <3
Sure, it's just that I'm usually working w/all 4 elementary PLUS some secondary schools. Getting to the High Schools? I wish.
Alec, I don't understand. Are you suggesting they are intellectual frauds, or do you assume that it's my position?
Thanks for following. Be sure to check out the blog for details.
I feel you on the Indian web design companies. I did a craig's list posting for a local dev and I get 5 a day from that.
Shoutout to #MillerHighLife for covering the bill the IRS will send to the fan who caught Jeter's 3000th
What a beautiful wedding!!! So grateful that I was able to view to wonderful people get married. Sure do love you Peter and Sarah!!!
with no visual editor after #wordpress blog update.
Hey sweetie!! I'll try to find one :). Shipping the fendi tonight.
if top rank can do one thing it's build an attraction!
RIP Mike Wallace. You truly were an icon and will be missed.
If you're checking out #TheRentalShow, be sure to stop by booth 4245 to see the most innovative new tent on the US market!
preciate the follow fam, working on vol 2 of my mixtape, stay tuned
hell nah,he hasn't called me yet and i even doubt it if he's join too.
aT work ready to go
If you hit a brick wall, without hesitation, go through it.
It's a Boards of Canada kind of Monday.
ocean gang lol
Thanks for the listing! /media-messanger
Laying here thinking... Missing you
I am so ready for a beach, a hammock and a supply of beer. Lots of beer. More please. moprh leash. awlawlmf pwl.a
hey killer
Sometimes all you need to use is your gut, and possibly your wits.
Uh oh. Did it break?
It's the most wonderful time of the year: March Madness bracket picks
so let's get big high
Marina City, Salk Institute, Habitat 67, Whitney Museum, & St. John's Abbey spring immediately to mind.
If you cant catch me before my bed time.. Dont waist your time<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Networks have played a huge role in history—from the Underground Railroad to the Arab Spring. Which networks inspire you?
It's funny 'cause it's true. rt #ithurtswhen you wake up face down on the floor in a dorm at rice university.
Who's coming with me to the Bahamas next year!? On a mission to win that trip for my Family!
Read Smizik's column in today's PG...I agree with you but he seems unhappy with the moves
Happy Easter, how is your day so far? 32
Yep, yep. I really needed it.
Hoping that 2012 will bring everyone good health, great joy and much prosperity.
if you see this RT, if you love me, follow ;) <U+2665>
new music coming soon!! :)
Should you trust your instincts?
We'll be waving! RT : See you in March! Remember the best way to get to the is NY Waterway!
Sarah Phillips probably stole the 'ps' from the end of her own Twitter handle, ()
I love #washingtonDC I've arrived to a party and the judge sotomayor is here :)
More picks in action: Angels, Phillies, Indians, D'Backs, White Sox
Gonna go work out now... to nuthin' but Beastie Boys.
the rules are so complicated!
but i dont think my parents would let me
#dcnyc11 #penton : Agile is great but lets borrow some of the discipline from Waterfall... great session!
‘ubuntu’ is a Bantu word that means: “I am, because you exist.” Love that. Such an interesting way to view #community and
u should just give dem a cup of water n walk away... lol
I'm sad though bc these are characters I've been with for the past 3000 pgs of the series. Who will I bond with now?
nothing...smh lol and there you go not #sharing again lol... nah but i'm finna go eat now though
get on skype....now
Well Danny Hope keeps his job for at least 1 more year!!!
RT : Q8. Best random act of kindness you’ve experienced while traveling?
I just kicked Branden out of the band!!!!! BrownB34r
Press conference is underway MH Clinic
come see and I next Tuesday at Echo Mountain! It's free! And our pals at Alice 105.9 will be there too!
YO JOJO! PLAY ONE MORE TIME BY WELLINGTON
Tbh I think the only reason why girls like Austin manhone is becuz of his looks Cuz he. Has no originality at all... but I agree he's cute!
haha that's to much to re-tell (: sorry
This is for u >>> "That happy moment when you see your food coming in a restaurant." =P
When JEALOUS people say RUDE things.
Before there was Robert California, there was Cory California. Just sayin'.
I want to read a baseball book (like "For Love of the Game") - any recommendations?
I'm trying to win tix so I can see it, but I am determined to make it into the top 5 before the contest ends so am optimistic
do you have a portfolio of your work available for browsing somewhere?
: We were happy to be there! Thanks for putting on such a great fundraiser!
Why does it suprise me how #CBS treat their houseguests are being treated unfair look who Julie Chens Husband is, HE canceled
It took me 10 years, but I finally bought the OLD today. Dept. admin's reaction: "No Dictionary is worth $344 !" Now for the Great Scott...
So i have this retarted ass song stuck in my head though.....
"Your name should be McDonald's, because I'm lovin' it. And by 'it', I mean you."
Stop eating at Merla's Kitchen
RT The job of leadership is to help your organization see the opportunities to do things differently - William Taylor
Shout out to who has a skype interview with folks out in LA. I know you'll kill it baby sis.
Still waiting for the shocking Breitbart videos on Obama ...starting to think they're bogus! Why wait?
quit being a bitch and actually do the work, instead of complaining on how bad it will turn out.
Es finito. Clothing & Get Better V-Day project. check it out at: bit.ly/fO2Kbn order undies at recessionclothing.com
Nothing. You?
my sentiments exactly
Love that both the Grateful Dead AND Fugazi archives projects were represented today at
thank you for the book suggestions and I'll be sure to look them up and attempt to read at least one!
Everybody knows that I'm a motha fing monster.
Very nice.
If you're not weird then you're not cool. & if you're not cool, then what are you? (:
“: already penciled in ; )”sweet
Congrats to awesome commercial
You should hammer your iron when it is glowing hot.
Our friends just sent us Truffibites in flavors like sea salt caramel, green tea pistachio, pecan pie & raspberry!
Thanks!! It's so cool to see! Movin on up :)
"I'm pretty sure for football, you need two teams," "No teams!"
Can't sleep
I collect Missing Dog posters, go to the pound, get puppies that look like the one's on the poster, and get my reward
Brunch starts in 10 minutes. Todays special kiesch served with our homemade hashbrowns and fresh fruit $6.95.
haha thanks bro
Let's see what Pandora talking bout.
are you going to see Avengers?
believe me, if she's had one she"ll understand
QB's will have nightmares about Nick Perry and smashing their faces in! Can't wait for next season!
they don't listen but I'll try. Lol
haha, exactly. unless, of course, Jessica pulls a Brangelina and dresses her like Shiloh
#mamavation took a lap around house for energy. need more. cabin fever!
you ate like a vegetarian... Or you ate A vegetarian. You are from Texas, after all. ;-)
I can't message you back if you don't follow me
These green & white striped outfits are awful but the dancing is cute. I like the part where they play each other's fiddles
Sucks i didnt get to watch the Lakers game yesterday because its not available in Hawaii...no fair...if u watched it...can mu tell who won!!
GO SHARKS!!
My research focus is shifting to deception detection over CMC.
miss you
I'm just now seeing the gimlet pics, etc. - tasty times!
830am. Time to move the furniture.
I love to love u mama! Hugs to all! Xoxo
Cheers for recommending me to Alex. Have you been out on the bike recently?
No Live show today. got lots of other stuff to do. But i'm listening and so should you
Oh my God, shut up.
Goodie Bags for Party Guests: What to Include
What Side U Stay On. I Used 2 Live In The CD
Thy look like hairy nipples or a mole
NPR's Kinsey Wilson: Andy Carvin, master at tweeting from Middle East. One-day high of 839 tweets over 16 hours. Expert at sourcing.
Had a long busy day! Stopped at wild wings waiting for some food.....
love what you wear
Thanks! RT : Follow for news on a world-class celebration of food & drink in #PDX this fall! #FF Happy Friday!
so how we feeling today after cinco de mayo? hungover? hells yeah
wat you got plan for today
Stuck in Iowa for 34 hours
with Cromartie going to the Jets that should keep Asomugha in Oakland,right.
Barney Frank On Mitt Romney: 'There Is A Meanness At His Core'
#IlikeObamacare because I am a moron.
Imaginary Rock 'n' Roll Thesis: The Longevity of Joe Perry
Not sure I am ready for my daughter to be singing "It's Raining Men."
If you had told me before the season that Green, Maysonet and Conrad would be starting for the Brewers on the same day, I'd have shuddered.
Had a lot of fun teaching Photoshop as a guest instructor to Ft. King Middle School's Journalism class. Thank you for a great visit!
Very excited about the Milu scarf and bag I bought! Thanks ! Do you know when the floral scarves will be loaded?
Gossip Girl still comes on....
and again with the retweet now if only i could get this boy to follow me
#duckdynasty is the funniest dang show I've seen in a long time!!!
An hour in line at the post office only to find out they couldn't help me...awesome. What can brown do for you?
As far as Im concerned any player that leaves the Packers is no longer a Packer He can be a Packer again after he retires for good.
This is one of those days when I wish I had a wine rack under my desk instead of file drawers. If I did? I'd open a spicy zin right now.
Think today's soundtrack will be to "How I Got Over" and "The Dreamer, The Believer"...
Keep checking back to see how YOU could win tickets to see Drake at Rupp Arena on Feb. 22nd!
going to bed wondering: how much wood would James Woods wood if James Woods would wood woods?
Online Ad Spending to Surpass Print for First Time in 2012 [STUDY] via
Dear will you marry me???
yessir!! About to attack the week right!!! Bcaa's and some
why is everyone in v diaries dieing???
Just saw Hunger Games- the book is always better than the movie, but this movie was pretty great too!
Wonders who would be the next Mary J. Blige ?
today he wishes he had practice
she's doing payroll at a company called transwestern in the loop. likes it a lot.
On Heels of Grammy-Winning Debut, Tedeschi Trucks Band Celebrates First Anniversary With Live Double-Disc Album ...
Golden Phoenix Appoints Institutional and Sovereign Wealth Fund Expert Jeffrey Dahl to Board of Directors
I have to feed the grandson then it's poker all night!!! Finally I've been away from online poker for almost a week.
Thank you Aaron!
livin like larry.
Yo, we need to catch up. Ton to tell you! Big change
Working late tonight. The Suns web page talks like they still have a chance. We'll see ...
Poised Creation has heard your requests, we want to bring you music the way you want it!!!
thank you for writing TDB piece. When someone famous sez it, people listen. sorry about steroids, not fun.
Classic Southern Sunday breakfast -- banana pancakes with Steen's for breakfast. Well, it's classic at my house...
To the 8th inning we go NO HITTER for Angels
Attn fellow poker players:Make sure u go to Bongos tonite 4 the player party! I'll be there to celebrate my bday w a few gfs!
30! 30! 30! Who! Happy birthday my dear friend :)
if you don't like and then I don't like you.
what in Thot of it ?? I loved it I already know all the lyrics im just so amazed bc yhu come up with awesome song i love them
We have an extra pair of VIP tickets to the show tonight at Culture Room, Fort Lauderdale, FL. Call our office if you want to go
What did he say? I'm sure he was great although once he told me I'm basically incapable of doing anything else.
A CHECK LIKE MINES NO TALK STRI8 SMASHING #
-Having a Pitch Count Contest for CC on our FB page! Giving away Yankees apparel to the winner! www.Facebook.com/Chasing800
Everyone keeps saying 'what if Artest played Games 1-6'...well...what if Wilson Chandler and Rudy Fernandez played in them too?
: I am a journalist who covers beauty and health. I would love to talk, re: M.A.C. Glitter and Ice. Best,
gracias por el apoyo! RT : Found another push to elevate my Spanish beyond the survival level. Go !
I promise no matter who comes in your life, no one will ever love you like I do..
miss you too man, see you soon. Tennis 4 sho
let me get on that hoe lol
Your future newsflash was only half correct. Work on it.
Me! #Follow #143 :) <3 btw i cannot get away from BTR (show) and your concerts!
FIT2GO MENU OF THE WEEK – Yum dessert! This week’s menu includes granola with berry filling, cinnamon cheesecake, coconut muffins, peach...
next, Gene's turn
Obesity-Linked Diabetes in Children Resists Treatment - New York Times
that's awesome! I want to her how it goes!
I know but you SHOULD come to texas roadhouse
military GIRL!! sweet!
Building a tuition payment system with Drupal ... still ... uh, check back with me later ...
Yeeeehhhh Follow me please
I think instead of going to the gym tonight I should just go to the bar
:) Followed ya!!
American does not have any coach or business class award travel to Asia for my dates. Looks like l'm flying first class!
Don't forget to keep requesting "Old School" to all your local radio stations!
Thursday, Jan 28 Televised mayoral candidate forum - 9 p.m WVUE-TV, Cox channel 8 - Sponsor: WVUE-TV, Cox channel 8
Headed home after a good weekend with my folks. People are really interesting...sometimes full of surprises. Sometimes not.
ashy i saw you tried to write to me but you wrote to the wrong danielaa . Ill mssg ypu kelly numb now imyyy and ilyy
What a play, !
hate working with rude clients.. the urge i have to call them a bitch and slam the phone... god.
Every time after I eat I feel like taking a fat cat nap.
Thank you for the RTs!!
lol uh no! I would've cried.
I love going to her games and being able to spend the evenings with her <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
The lobby will reopen at 10:30AM tomorrow
God got my back... Blessed
don't think i am making it to the patio's tonight
Observing all the looks and writing them for my blog. Stay tuned.
40 greatest pranks was in today you should of watched it to get ideas l0l
faking the date on your homework to an earlier time, so it doesn't look like you did it last minute?
Is that David Wu on the left? lol
Yep. (beat me to that.) Important. Also, seems clear that savings wd be at back end; that is, over 15yrs v low savings.
Be on the lookout for Marcus Kidd. Awesome job!!!!
RT you dont think kuchley would be an as.drastic improvement at sam?>> No doubt. But not as important a position as impact safety
that's true. That was bush league. But that's what they are known for.
RT : 72 small businesses have visited the Pop Up Marketing Shop. thx 2 all the creative talent that helped. hooplegroup.com
M&m's, twix, snickers, granola bars etc... Pretty ligit
If you get a DM from me with "I am laughing so hard.." or "Someone's saying bad things about you.." DO NOT OPEN it is spam/hacker NOT ME
We are going to be live tonight at 8:30pm EST. Join us at live.thendusr.com
Damn Tmmrw NO I am Turning Up Fuck The Law Can't Handle This Trill Shxt !
If you can't find an in then start volunteering because that's the next best thing to landing an internship! Work hard at it!!!
Sounds like an excellent plan! Go Barons! :) Soon to have 2 daughters attending BVHS :)
I will be there.
There is give and take..but stop & realize that constantly doing one or the other creates an unfair balance. Which tip of the scale are you?
Please follow my other account that me and my friend made -> btw today IS my birthday so this can be your birthday gift for me.
Dear Blue Cheese, stay delicious. Your loving admirer -Bennett
that's impossible... I need you there!:)
YOU NEED TO FOLLOW -----> He'll follow back.
#endoftheworldconfession I got a big secret and I'm hiding it from the man I'm in love with
check me out I make my scissors by hand the best period for true pros only new website coming also renbow hair color peace
#TVTalentTuesday Follow our talent!
FYI - I'll be at the Code Year meetup and can do a writeup.
Sometimes life leaves us two final choices: "Yes or No", "Now or Never", and "Take it or leave it."
That's why I was late chief
The Oscars, where 99% of #SAG actors watch the 1% who work!
you're right, but not if they don't want or have anything in life. They can care less what happens to them or anyone in that case
mostly NYC minimalist with a touch of San Diego free-spirited bohemian!
A3- Triggered emails with product recs see click-through rates 40 percent higher than traditional marketing messages.
take that motherfucker hackers.
#ThingsBlackPeopleTakeSeriously The Game tv show....
#ImHappy because i have a #father #God that will never leave me, #one who always protects me, guides me, corrects me & loves me forever.
Bitches think they knoe me
I dreamt of my baggage. Really. I was retrieving my baggage from a train in a panic because I couldn't remember how many bags I had.SYMBOLIC
: Any time!
This news announcer always slurs his words. I worry about him.
RT Feeling very lucky to be married to someone who also doesn't give a shit about giving or getting Valentines Day presents.
hi everyone long time no see! what ever your dreams are dont stop pursuing them!xoxo miss mimipink:)
LIKE this status if you'd rather be shopping right now. What's your favorite store at Cottonwood Mall?
seeing bianca = pain in my heart
It's only punishment if you post pictures of yourself in the dress. Otherwise it's just a light and airy day.
Correction... will be on with me next week on ! My bad...got my dates mixed up!
He's 31 though. He probably lasts there for only 2 more seasons.
Today's Google doodle is awesome. Celebrates birth of Howard Carter, who found King Tut's tomb.
Irene has been removed from the World Meteorological Organization's list of tropical cyclone names. Irma is her replacement.
is 1 individual Id enjoy collaborating with #Followback 4
Have a feeling they plan to take care of Forte, long as he stops talking! Bears dont like mouths........ :
I am DONE with jury duty!
Dom, thanks for the input. We only have the none site two major recent outages. Can you get out of contract early?
snow? Now you are really showing your age.
i hope the #Pacers pull it out in the end of the next round!!
I know where the sidewalk begins.
Had a blast meeting & grammin' with the social team at ! Can't wait to be back, thanks for a warm welcome :)
I missed it - why did Girardi pull Nova?
Hear the sound of your body drip, drip, drip <3
thanks for the rt.
btw for those who followed the #sc2 drama with the racist comments... that player and his team "parted ways" yesterday. So there you go...
haha, I'm not sure if she did or not, and I don't really care. But she sure is talking some crazy shit about me on here.
I'm glad you can forgive me, because I can't forgive myself.
juz know that it happened.......juz know that
I did get it. Thx so much!! Sorry I haven't had a chance to reply, we've been slammed!
Was stuck on the PATH train for like 35 mins.. #WTF ;{
lol, not acting but stunts :) thanks for keeping your fingers crossed for me :)
Chicken fried rice does sound good right now...
I got my wife a pack of gum today while I was out. Made her super happy and, as a result, me. It's the small things.
you're super funny! Sorry we didn't get to chat more
chillin wit in gym #SO PROUD OF HER:P
WHEN ARE YOU GOING TO FLORIDA
I feel tall at this gas station <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+0086>
Sending HOT love to our fan
Dead Wings. Damn.
I vote 12
Thanks for the plug Pete!
I'll spend the day learning the intracacies of Automatic Semicolon Insertion. When I'm 70, the time savings begins paying off big time!
Going to do chores and I have the dog with me for company! Every day is a new day in life!
“: #RIHquestNAVi goes haaaarrrrddd n da paint” see Rihanna uses hard in the paint!!
I don't mean to brag.... However she has nothing on me! I win hands down!
one stop shop! Go MMX!
ATTENTION: Please learn the difference between YOUR and YOU'RE and know when to use it..hate seein that in my TL
#RB8 have a day kid!
cool. it will be the very last day of my 20s. seriously. YAY!
Good morning <3
There were pics of it flying over Manhattan to get there. I fly into NYC tomorrow. :)
there's abit of complexity in the economics of it all, maybe libs == $$ for pubs w/ ebooks, but it doesn't seem likely
I hate you.
oh thanks! Going to a canyon today! :)
Ok now tell somebody how u really feel about em 2day
This April session is rocking!! How's it going with those Week One assignments?
Ladies it's better to lose a love then love a loser!
so was it good?
Lets Go Heat !!!
We are currently rating the top TEN poker pros, who do you think should be on the list?
#BabyThor I dig it.
ugh i got hacked again -_-
sounded painful
hi, my name is Ashley and I will be listening to tgose tracks when Bobby is done. :)
Well let me know what you decide (:
Don't forget to mark your calendars! Twitter party is 3 days away. Monday 8-9pm EST! Hashtag:
Great time Parq Hotel business mixer.
British Songs: You don't know your Beautiful.... American songs: I WANNA FUCK ALL THESE BITCHES ON DA FLOOR .
Everyone has their own beliefs but there is nothing wrong with following Christ.
Finding answers to questions without a registry (but with the data). Start w finding stakeholders who are most intersted
FREE 10" pokey stick at Gumby's w/ any order over $7. Only w/ a
We stand at the tip of our mountains mad as the eye can see; enchanted in awe.
TY everyone for a great day yesterday- for braving the lines & supporting handmade. If you got any pics email to us. And post links too! xo
no problem [:
These chicks on #Revenge are "Way Too Cold" get the Theraflu
thanksforfollow let us know if we can also be of help -
i'd like a video tutorial on how you build an iPhone App Icon. If you sell it via gumroad i'd even pay you :)
I'm left-handed, but I struggle more with clipping the nails on my right hand than the other way around. I don't get it.
Omg I just got a thang for Jeezy music
11:11 y'all..wishing time...
Happy Friday Everyone!
Tell Justin we don't like when he wears clothes.
It's awesome. Enjoy!“: Going to see The Lion King this afternoon. Excited. It has been on my life list for a long time.
Hello KIWW, I would luv to know if you all do business in Asia and if you still engage in sponsoring sports properties?
oh a million times socrates
Semisweet ChocolateSemisweet chocolate as the name suggests has a low content of sugar
Do we get them from the venue?
hey JESSWARNER10 go get some more nachos. YOLivO_21 said so...
Thx for the follow Katie. How's life at , #Lauderdale's hottest salon? :)
Still no k-8 outfit..
Unbelievable. Just when I move to NYC books a show at the Fillmore Miami. "Just do it right, make it perfect and real."
but it's not who you think.
sign of the beast!
#YoungSiic is in the studio. Word of the night
Vstd ur page Like and agree with the quotes Thx 4 following me All best to you
RT: If u were to follow for me that would be #amazing:)))
Music can bring the most divergent of souls together to produce a symphony of the mind.
For that lover of horses & fine art. Frank Joseph Dillon - Rare Oil painting - African American Artist 1866-1954. Will send link
Just spun off about 600 calories...now putting 1,200 back into the tank. Math magic at its best.
This Black Friday is already sounding crazy, I think I'll wait for Cyber Monday.
What can you do to engage your audience and enhance their experience while they wait in line to get into the house?
But then again Jake Fox is pretty ass, but then again so are the rest of the Bucs bats.
got kicked out of smashed in. midwest blood
“: If the BAU was real, I'd be a perfect fit for it! #CriminalMinds” I LOVE THAT SHOW
“Confidence comes not from always being right but from not fearing to be wrong.” - Peter T. Mcintyre
WE #BELIEVE! who has one of JB'S Iphone4s CASES?
can you send us a detailed email w/acct info and issue? we'll get to the bottom of this.
We have achieved moshing.
Researching various film journals to submit articles to. Anyone have suggestions for magazines that like slightly smart ass film reviews?
Save me save me...
hey hey. How are you doing my freind. How you been. How's your Monday been so far.
You can't get one from anyone? /:
By separating data from interaction you can specialize ux to user's needs T.V. Raman #uicdae - good for #accessibility & good for mobile web
chillin finna be back to the barracks after we come from Walmart.
RT : All a girl really wants is for one guy to prove to her that they are not all the same. -Marilyn Monroe
one of the things to avoid: design by committee
you shouldn't have to control either of them if they wanna be with you they'll be good girls :)
Final score from Toyota Park Seattle Sounders FC 2, Chicago Fire 1. Big fight at the end. Possible suspensions?
Being exempt from everything >>>>>>>
Thanks so much for the RT!
people are people, too
I totally understand why, but it's really boring to watch games when they just park the bus..
It seems like James Marsters has only ever been Spike.
Who's at Bonnaroo right now?!
Newt is not the front-runner; Romney has 31 delegates to Newts 26!
RT : Just saw that College Football Live on Va Tech...I think our O line is gonna gel quickly and you already know the D is...
it's all season
Gooden sending a 100 mph missile towards the hoop.
no problem. Good luck!
Nice tapout shirt I bet your a great fighter
“To be alive is to totally and openly participate in the simplicity and elegance of here and now.” ~Donald Altman
Tech-Sector Lobbying Group Wants 'Patent Trolls' Out of the ITC
Enjoy your stay down here in the Jacksonville area. Take advantage of the beautiful day up there in Amelia.
I just referred my friend Ciara to you for more toys. Be nice to her!
welcome to motherhood #jessicasimpson! All women's blouses with baby spit up on them will be cleaned for free today on #freefriday!
i could NEVER fight or argue over a dude thats no good !
#ItSeemsLike at this point, moving on is what I have to do
Nobody is an expert, we all try to do the best we can. I hope 1 day u can open ur heart & see that gays deserve the same rights
We find old stuff anywhere and everywhere..come to the southwest!
When I have a meltdown bc there are no eggs & I already started making cookie dough? Gonna be a rough week. Giving up & going to bed early.
I had one yesterday the gel was cold I asked them to clean it twice then some got in my belly button not cool!!!
I know right?!
Go Scotty, I hope you win idol now that Jacob is gone
I'm thinkin I want a Kenan & Kel box set for Christmas. It's just around the corner, so if you see one...Holla at me! - Wes
RT: "applied" to my current job via twitter. Saw a post, DM'd, pushed to top of resume pile
Katy Beth Perry,last Friday night was amazing:)
When informed how I should straighten my hair, my gut response was to say, "I just got my master's degree and lost 30 lbs."
Certainly would have worked! Anyone need a boat full of dizzy drunkards?
an excellent maxim, dear friend.
yeah it was this powder thing and i put it in a water bottle
Thanks for the RTs!!!
Coming back to Twitter now that I am down to four assignments left. No more finals. Odd how that works out this semester.
I find his language fu*king awesome!! “: I really enjoy but find his language off putting.”
We will tweet the winner at 9 PM CST. Must follow and retweet before 8PM CST to have a chance to win! Good luck everyone!
Next time i'll steal ALL your fries
New website coming very very soon ;)
the new vid
I don't think I'd ever buy pajama jeans, but I can't be alone in wishing for pajama work pants.
For link building, search engines are looking for footprints -- avoid the same anchors, says
you better come to Minnesota or Wisconsin. :)
SMILE! Yes. Thanks for the reminder. It takes far less facial muscles to smile than to frown plus it lightens you up.
WHAT! I WANNA KISS TOO
Def forgot to tweet about all of the amazing artists I came across yesterday at the starving artists show yesterday!
they're my boyzzz seats. They get the tix from friends, very top row so u can stand, get in and out easy, see the whole park.
“: Stop doubting God!”
(Sheltered By Skies) has a new track before the EP! #Help get us to 1,200 likes on facebook so we can release it =] hmu =]
Had In-n-out for lunch and I found my phone
this is one tru heat fan»»»
It just feels like I'm not going anywhere without him
You know who my gods are, who I believe in fervently? Herman Melville, Emily Dickinson — she's probably the top — Mozart, Shakespeare, Keats
Off to experience #SXSW for the first time. Looking forward to it! Any tips for the South By newbie, send them through
is my crush of the day. nice cover of Sexy and i know it dude. :)
old people should not be allowed to 1) drive a car 2) handle money 3) eat in a restaurant 4) vote Dave Norris 4 pillar program
Can this go by any slower? Holy shit...
asks about other work does. Ping: Interview process impacts other projects as well, typical plays.
O.m.g
Guys who are on that gangbanging type ish are beyond unattractive. Boy bye !
tell that he's lyin to himself
#raincamp is happening now! I am so excited to attend and learn!
busted my face on my window sill.. lol
Yay!! This week has started off great and it keeps getting better....
Nothing but tank-tops.
I still have eyelash glue on my eyelashes... -_-
I never hear wank. Lol. It's always jerk off. And don't go blaming Madonna!!!
SenConrad(D-ND) NoBudget Cmte Chair says #budget has no chance be4 election! Cynical political manipulation of #economy Millions r suffering
Laying down, thinking bout everything that happened today .
For sure! Can't wait til next yr!-->RT : what a great time
I agree re: hashtags, with the exception of Instagram--tweet your photo with the museum's name as hashtag
I'm sure we will! Represent my man! RT your gonna get my best every time! Thanks!
Just saw the weed guy from high school wearing a suit on subway. I want to think finance job,but he's probably just coming back from court.
wow my nba2k12 stopped working
LMFAO! I ain't on no crack or drugs!
happy sunday?.
Re-hypothecation doesn't seem legal yet it works for MF Global and Lehman
I used to like 311. And now I live in 411. #beautifuldisaster?
Those unemployed, laid off, college student needs money, here are some ways to make extra income from home - stay tuned
Tony Madruga, Louis Faife, Paquito D'Rivera AND ELLIS MARSALIS last night!!! More today on the National Mall - hope to see you out there!!!
I can never tell if ur tweets are about me...
welcome! Thank u so much for being a fan of azap acne care! Pls take our skin test&we will send you the best product for your skin
Today is the 163rd Manchester Derby, Manchester City FC vs Manchester United. The match will decide the English Premier League title.
I signed the petition. But what about the loans the govern has sold or will be selling to private companies. I'm still screwed?
The Notebook
Additional tickets will be made available at the box office tomorrow starting at noon. Be prepared for a long line...
I don't understand why people cheat. If your not happy , just leave .
so happy for MO! RT : Given his time in Cincy, needs to hit up for the inside scoop on the 'Nati
Slow down
So pissed right now!
Fill out our customer survey for a free $5 gift card! www.goodwilldenver.org/survey or stop by our Thornton store this morning!
congrats on the new PB digs!
really hoping I get this new job
Yesterday, all my troubles seemed so far away, now they look as if they're here to stay.
What do Brad Gilderman, Bonnie McKee, Jamie Muhoberac, Michale Lloyd, Victoria Shaw Bill Aucoin, Gene Simmons, Shaun Cassidy have in common?
I was gonna suggest its time to move out west!
Once, a cobra bit Chuck Norris's leg. After five days of excruciating pain, the cobra died.
But at least U made it back.
Dear Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez, you guys are so Naughty
My brother just fell outta the tree in my front yard. Holy shit.
better yet send him a book :) I think I know of a good one called
Purchased an exercise bike. Nothing fancy. Already reaping the benefits!!! It's nice to have something for extra exercise insurance.
Does anyone know of any really good esoteric forums? I've found ecauldron.net, but I'd like to branch out as well!
Its 7/11, which means FREE slurpies at seven-eleven today!!
A3: really? I thought the point was to pin stuff you find all over. It links to source still, which is why i thought it was ok.
Ha! "How to Turn Laziness into Flowers"
Once in a while, in the middle of an ordinary life, love gives us a fairy tale.
It was, and me-of-5-years-ago would've just sent it, feeling smug and getting nothing done :)
Thanks. I've looked at diigo a bit in the past but was good w/ delicious. Time to reexamine it. delicious changes :(
I have never heard Romney talk about his mom...
Rain, lightning and fog is our top story this morning on
I'm all ready and got my tux on!! #Classy :)
Not our event, sadly. I'm secretly hoping I can get there too!
Just got off my time machine
We had a magical time in Nashville! Back to being busy in Columbus! Check our Facebook page for upcoming shows and new pics!
We appreciate all the likes, but give us some comments? We would like to know what you think! -Cody (:
29 great beers on tap at new Wingharts location. two hearted ale
I think they're hooked...several students entering my room today said "Please tell me we are working on our project today!" Got to love PBL
Cool well we all need to get up for drinks soon. LES?
great song by manson
Hassan expected to find a huge, human-skin covered book with thick, yellowed parchment pages and an ancient brass clasp with a lock...
One good thing about today's 30-minute run is having to concentrate so hard on breathing took my mind off all the grants writing I've to do
95 on algebra exam, 96 on biology exam, 87 on english exam, yet barely passing computer apps now...
Mfs be so #TeamDiamond but soon as another bitch come around she get the same treatment . Mfs don't owe me shit just STOP SPEAKING TO ME
thanks for the follow, m'loves! xox
I used to run 12 miles every Saturday. Just keep imagining you'll be doing more than twice that and it's easy.
Heavy metal duo: Husband, wife design artwork from glass, metal - Utica Observer Dispatch
“: i love free coupons, you too right? ” .Especially those for articles used to make METH!
Innovative...use of the mediation process continues to evolve...
I bombed that test...
Why thank you! We think it's pretty great ourselves.
Morgan is on FIRE!
my bad ill text you next time lol
Love this! A skill most foster kids, unfortunately, don't get.
what is the link for the VIP pacages?
Did you have the truffle chicken at Nomad? I can't stop thinking about it!
My 10 year old (very fit - buff karate kid) son just did his first plank - 65 seconds! Woot!
Even though this sounds creepy, I will help. Try Spencers Gifts.
Grab a six pack RT To grab a Corona ...or not to grab a Corona....that is the question at hand
Yeah lots of injuries early on, but it's part of the fun.
The thing that scares #GeorgeSchultz most: nuclear weapons in the wrong hands & going off.
Also, heavy ass grocery bags w/the ring on, ouch.
Unknown~ If all my friends were to jump off a bridge I wouldnt jump with them Id be at the bottom to catch them.
Thank you very much, my twitter family for your generosity . God always blesses those who sees others needs and help.
*autocorrect....:) Sorry! Thought it was a nickname for someone...wasn't sure who, but it was still funny. :) :)
At the RIT Conference center for our 2012 roll-out event, hope the food is good!
figured one word was careful enough answer
So many great ideas! Thank you to all the presenters!
nice! I'm plannin on being back for that weekend
plz follow me U guys r good inspirations for me my 6 yr old brother who loves u guys and My lil 4yr old sis that's obessed :)
grilled cheese and spaghetti o's. oh, i'm living life on the edge today.
MISSING(last seen in Indiana): LAUREN SPIERER 4'11" 100 LBS BLONDE HAIR BLUE EYES. ANY INFO CALL: 812-339-4477. Lauren needs to be found
Thank you for the RT!
- Going great! I'm working at it & being received well. I see you are travelling the world singing. Exciting!
I have endured a great deal of ridicule without much malice; and have received a great deal of kindness, not quite free from ridicule.
Nicki Minaj with these pepsi commercials <> Corny & cute at once.
Poker time at
wait which video did you show her?
Can I interest you in a gaggle of penises?
you leave me no choice but to build up my walls again and make them invincible to the world.
I say Richard Pitino. Its as close as he will ever get to greatness.
Yup comes in handy on days I don't plan on going and than am bored and just pop in.
“I’ve learned… that no matter how much I care, some people just don’t care back.” — Omer B. Washington
Yeah, he knew that LeShoure was hurt, but I don't he realized he was on IR. And he didn't know about Williams. Sad.
Spring break is over.
Would like to get you on in Chicago on 670 the Score to talk LeBron and what the Bulls are up to? Thanks in advance.
is there any accountability, team push ups 2 keep us motivated? Just wondering. a red eye from NYC is the best time 2 motivate
oh tuesday. is extreme dancing cajun pawn picker hoarder wars on tonight?
Just sang Beat It in front of 200 people!!
Wow. I'm pretty sure I would've wet myself if that happened, lol.
we look fwd to serving you! U coming to the groundbreaking on May 14?
Good morning.
call me babe if u want or can
I'm going shoe shopping with my mommy and my grandma! Yay! :]
jaden smith better than diggy simmons
For sure man
Nw: The Social Network
I'm about to unlock this!!!
Sending hello to the folks in Hong Kong...:)
WHHHHOOOOAAAAAAA!!!!! SILVEY ON THE TWITTER! !!! MEOW!!!!
Playing at the Metro Gallery tonight with and Spirituals remixed with hip-hop beats and cello.
Are you a gaming/anime/comics fan? Check out and at the Momocon convention in Atlanta, between 3/16-3/18
How is it even possible to have a concave butt?Really?It looks like jaws bit ur ass off.I hope ur checking out a booty video
Stressin right now
Q: Why should you never iron a 4-leaf clover? A: You don't want to press your luck. Wishing everyone a Happy St. Patrick's Day!
Follow Him He Follow Back!
Corollary to Godwin's Law: The argument is over when it devolves into a denunciation of furries.
I didn't hear you say hi back! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5>
If everybody's thinking alike, somebody isn't thinking - Gen G. Patton
who took my lighter...
Oh well that was a different Mind Palace.
First day out sick- hope my students check the wordpress and can follow directions. . . I am sure they will.
Sure thing!
To quote my wife, "This is Wisconsin, can't we get a recall of these #MegaMillions numbers?"
Drinking legally >>
Had a blast at Lucky Strikes in DC last night. Can't wait to go back.
LOVE that your photo is on one of the silo swing chairs! Can't wait to get to LA to check out the store.
NYC area friends I'm flying in next week for Showcase.
Head hurts good night
its all good. I met someone at target in the tampon section. We're the same age so yeahh....im done!
It's not even noon and I have #pizza on my brain.
ok lazy 's b-day is 12/19/72.So basically same time when I was young & watching.So mayB U R the old 1? :)
The fact that is rich should not disqualify him from being president. Only from paying taxes. So leave him alone filthy liberals
World Listening day - from Berlin. Just recorded the sound of silence in the Straatsbibliothek.
how you know it's a Monday: wake up wicked early, then sleep through 4 alarms, then realize your bills autodebited out of the wrong acct.
People just love pissing me off when I'm outside with friends. I guess. Smh, people are so immature now-a-days.
That moment when you start throwing decorations at the tree and hope they stick cause you're sick of hanging them.
James Howard Kunstler
My copy arrived in the mail yesterday. The entire issue looks so great, but your piece was a stand out.
Forever Alone.
thanks for the follow!
Interested in vibratory exercise. Some units sell for $$$. Added a vibratory motor to my office chair. Now I'm like Elvis...all shook up
finIShed is the business of taking stock. sISyphus, pick back up your rock.
Another good day with the family visiting at Hollywood Studios as they go back to South Florida tomorrow. Time for bed and a work in the am.
Got an angel on my Pandora bracelet in memory of my nana and Christina <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
that Gud Boo,how's the kids
I see you Bucky.
You can always find reasons to not do something but honestly you only need one reason to actually do something.
Three more huge boxes have been donated and delivered to casa de swap. Can't wait to share all this great stuff with you at Mom + Kid Swap!
theory is waiting to be studied...
Im put'n on a winter coat! I better watch it! The cold weather makes me so lazy. How about you?
My #ASJA2012 #health & #beauty writing panel moved 2 Friday 4/27 at 10:15 Mark your calendars; panelists R editors from top women's mags!
Well it was a packed house in McNally's for kickoff of the though it MIGHT have had to do with a different game
If you don't know what your government is doing, you don't live in a democracy. ~ Jane Anne Morris
I'm so pissed my dedication passion and love for is not enough I jus wanted to see this man damnit was tht too much to ask
just sang all the words to the #LeagueofTheirOwn song that the women sang before games and at the Hall of Fame
We get around haha
You guys pumped?
It pays to have a #birthday this week. I'm up to 60 bucks in freebies! Thx
yea im sort of an idiot
what did Austin get you?!?!
Up from a nap, yes I took a nap. I feel better now and my youngest is still naping. So should I start on another painting....hum?
the stickers keep me going
why are Springer books so expensive?!? even the e-book... 99.99...
I have a feeling Cleveland is not taking a WR now.
The more energy we spend watching someone else and comparing ourself to them; the less energy we have to do something great ourselves.
Hopefully they can speed that section up via signal preemption? So new, but it seems a fixture already.
wow bro, is that instagram? that on android now?
Glad you are coming out to MA area & would love to catch up; hope all is rock & rolling with your writing & life; happy #WW !
Cupcakes are almost ready for tomorrow! :)
ok thank god!!
Its just so sad. I feel for them.
i see you
Ate some lettuce from our little urban garden today. Waiting for the radish(es)(ii) to sprout.
well God of War 3 has great graphics
for food or dancing or resting or earth-is-awesome or mankind-is-awesome? and what month?
WE NEED EXCITABLE ACTION FIGURES
The sorting in tweepi is really good but you have to deal with pagination. It takes a bit but you can bulk delete losers!
you should tweet that at and see what they do :)
funny, I was thinking coffee, soup, and grilled cheese day!
My motto. RT : It's called the PAST, leave it there .
Don't wait on a record deal. Do it yourself it's 2012. Let help. Invest in your music.
Congrats on the deal! Gonna miss you in the red and gold, but you deserve this deal!
Hey thanks! We are excited, y'all should get a team and go Streaking next week in Nash!
No pants is definitely the way to go
I forgot to do the chemistry packet !
you would be listening to that kind of music at night ! Lmao
Bring your needlework for inspiration in an Unconference discussion of handicraft bloggers and intellectual property rights
Hubby is worn out, battling high bp, recovering from bronchitis. Plz pray for him as he ministers in prison this a.m.
I won't give up on us. Even if the skies get DUDE WHAT THE HECK!!
The reason why it never worked with anyone, is because the right one is still out there.
What will you offer in service to God this day?
they say everything happens for a reason, so if I smack the shit outta you, there's a reason I did! ^_^
sounds great!
State your new name today and walk in it with belief.
"You expect the (football) staff to have some sort of control on how things are handled with recruits when they visit. This is ridiculous."
Just destroyed those cheese sticks.
To do list: go home, shower, call #oomf, then sleep.
We are thrilled to have been a part of it!
yeah was thinking bout you the other day wanted to get yer thoughts on the KONY thing.
So Here's My Number RT : Call me maybe
but fashion is definitely part of the fun.
Lost in the woods
"Facts always describe the past. They are good to have, but you don't know if they still apply " ;
this tree is a sneaky little fucker. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A8>
I hope my musically inclined friends keep making playlists because I'm enjoying them and totally helpless on my own. ()
When you generate a new flow of life force within your cells the dense energy connected to illness transforms & the body heals.
Doing diabetes section in your medic class and you just wanna skip the section cause you're already a pro on it... #diabeticslife <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Prizes include Best Literary costume, Best Librarian costume and *NEW for 2012* a prize for the person who traveled the farthest!
That was favorite song when he was 2. In fact he requested they sing it in Sunday School once.
Not a fan of the biggest diva in the NBA? Just the 2nd biggest
Thank you! Happy Thursday!
Toast pop out da toaster you niggas could get hit wit some hot shit
Feels like crap.
kevin went hard!!!
I thought I pinned a lot until I started following
10 more likes and someone is winning a free loaf of bread!
Thank you for the bday wishes, Chelsea!
thanks, David! One more post coming from Niagara Falls. You two doing anything special today?
! we just posted a new pic to our tumblr page. there are a few shots of you in it!
glad you're having a goof day :)
Let my family try and figure out some of the logos. I look back on one, they guessed "trogan condom". Really?
We need to run the ball and go up by 1 our defense is playing great lets run clock
Yay happy to have our fave RT : Hey Foodie friends! I've missed you all something terrible...
love this quote. you will get a grammy :) <21 follow me?
I will always love the de Kooning's from the 80's.
Go Wings! Watching the Lakers missing Alligator Lounge and Devoe Street...lets see if they can pull this one off!
Is it just me, or is a college asking its own faculty for donations a little strange?
I think I'll release my inner Keef/Gram/Townes/Waylon instead and let that guy sort out the wardrobe ;)
Go see movies by yourself. Healthier.
had to become a fan, you're the worst AIR player but the thunderbest.
IT IS SI HOT OUTSIDE ING IT'S LIKE 85 or 90 :o
DearChapter 15, we need to talk. Well, you need to talk. I need to type. You talk. I type. We'll set a good example for Chapter 16, okay?
ait did the chat start its not working for me
Former UK men's soccer coach Ian Collins is new boys soccer coach at George Rogers Clark High School
Starting an editorial video/portrait piece on 30 artists under 30. Anyone know anyone that would be interested in being featured? Message me
Excited about the opening of , a new high-end consignment store from
hit me up homie. we in this bitch
thx for coming by :)
If this war is neverending, I’ll take this love down with me <U+2665>
RT : "Your ways, God, are holy. What god is as great as our God?" (Psalm 77:13)
I love the palomar, I have all 4 fish lined up to my left!!
the ATT team does a fantastic job! Big Kudos!
I'm commiserating
Add me on myspace is DjHotBlaze08 add me there k thanks
Which one? I'm not connecting the two ...
Showers are amazing. They make you feel nice & clean, make you sound like a professional singer, & help you make all of life's decisions.
I'm putting 2 up that u will follow me today in case tomorrow never comes.
both awful. Go for Panera
thats pretty awesome still. I'll be lucky to get 12.
that time you hosted friday night lives was awesome! lets grab coffee sometime
Broke my computer screen, that's why you don't bring them with you...
what are you doing? big data processing or just need a database?
they deliver to philly?? Haha... Damn do I miss it!!!
Join +more in concert n Cincinnati Friday, 5/18 at ! RT!
Off to school!:(
hope you had a great time tonight!!
NEVER SAY NEVER. hehehehe
majority of DM's are either spam or sexy/ehh thirsty people. No one sends a DM just to talk xD but I fall easy
is finalizing post production on a restaurant project in the Gaslamp Quarter and is finishing shooting 30 aerials today.
can't begin to tell you how great the buffalo filet was. The highlight of my Dallas trip, no doubt about it.
yeah it rules! To bad I am American and have no clue what it is but bc it came out of ur mouth I know it's cool
Come hang with us! RT : I'm at for Dirty Water Fridays! Come play!
Oy, I'd better end this day...got to be up at 5 to prep for another school visit
does it count if we put the video on replay?? :P
soo good seeing ypu thos weekend. You and better be rolling to bg before you leave for good!
So don't miss all the bullshit I use to go thru with them drunk ass customers at Checkers
That's an interesting zippered shirt that Josh Byrnes is wearing.
The heart surrenders everything to the moment. The mind judges and holds back.” <U+2015> Ram Dass
People see it as doomsday but the song says "this could be your finest hour". Your a light on a hill. Are you ready to shine?
Hahahahahaha;) I do that with Austin on all 4 accounts:LL x
Practice tonight...possibly working on new original music? We shall see....
and I want to see your show!
Short day at work...long night of packing. I do this to myself every single time
better solution: just blast Korn into their wall when you're not home. :)
Funny how time flys when Scholars are well behaved...lol.
sounds great! Love to get a job like that
I hate waiting
Q7 Dunno why, but Where the Wild Things Are freaked me out when I was a kid. Do have fond memories of Nutcracker illustrations.
Oh shit, Human Centipede 2 is on Netflix. Tonight will be glorious.
See the FB page for important letter to Superintendent and Board
Thanks for this! I need this today! :)
Just announced! Stacy Keibler is now hosting the VIP Party at SUPERDRAFT on August 27 at the Palms in Vegas!
Print1Media has a fun, new website. Come check it out and let us know what you think www.print1media.com
Very sad news about Adam Yauch.
ikr! i love it too..one of my favs.. :D
ur one of the people that she's following and I was following some ppl that she's following
and they're all yours! Get to work ;)
Young christian at work is done :( now onto easter
Darren Whitehead's message at Willowcreek on Aussies and Giving ~Awesome!
Can't find it!
just made my night!!!
Man there's a lot of SMUTS on Twitter
so... YOU'RE SUPER AMAZING AND TALENTED!! I LOVE YOU SO MUCH!!!! <33333
W/my momma at the hospital checkin up on the baby :) I like this hospital... It has wifi.
ya shit was hacked, FYI
Poor little hope is wasting away. All I want to do is eat and drink now that I am home
Prioritize your goals for today, you can not do everything at once. Remember: Small steps, BIG STEPS
Man niggas ain't been trying to let me won't say no name (Ja'Shayla Hightower) But I'm ah get it doe lol
Use a service like in conjunction w/ YouTube, Vimeo for video. Former drives traffic to your site, latter gets you the most exposure.
I really wish my brain would sometimes filter the things that come out of my mouth
just bought #BOYFRIEND and am listening to it on repeat. LOVE ITT <3
#LMSunSIG ask faculty the one aspect of their course that they want to do better or have trouble with. But only 1 thing. Start small
I was just testing you.
u have managed to screw up AGAIN for the 4th time in 1 week. I didn't know anyone could be worse than Time Warner but congrats!
And in my honor, I would want a huge blunt of some lemon g or sour diesel passed around to everybody. (yes even my granny, who's never!!) ha
Just cleaning my room and watching 's twitcam LLN :)
No problem, we all had a blast...just don't let any of those pics make their way to the Internet :-)
I will DEF. be placing an order!
2nd street lamp on 2400 block of Boston St. is out.
I HATE MOST PEOPLE... :/
i am fish pet sitting :)
Never try and Hustle a HUSTLER!
Wtf is this shit about Justin and Niall fighting?!??? I'm late
If I get 40 #RTs on this l'll post a video of my singing a song that one of ya'll will choose!
The day I'll officially feel old is when my cousin whose 12 is on a social networking site. I feel like that time is slowly approaching
Come support your #NYRANGERS & #YANKEES tonight here $3 bud/coors drafts & $4 bottles till 7pm!Come Bounce with us!
Hey Steph, we hope you had an awesome time with us last night! What did you play?
hate.hate.hate. Internet Explorer.
- Hey thanks for the follow! Stop in today for Lunch today & celebrate the latest with Prop 8 by getting 8% off your food!
Wait, whoa....beer?
We'd love it if Sufjan Stevens could be interviewed for our music documentary about the loss of woods for acoustic guitars
With all the new programs Indy Reads has added, we are going to need MANY more volunteers - 250 by the end of summer, as a matter of fact...
Here we go... Terri Jordan starts off by talking about the importance of trust with the community
I think that is the method used to drive potential husbands away.. Wine tasting? Really?
Both teams played hard.
Count ye rosebuds while ye may...
RT : RT : The way to accurately predict the future is to get busy and get involved in making it.
UPDATE!!! #LEGACYyearIII w/ & is now set for WEDNESDAY, JULY 11
Part of doing a job, imo, includes good customer service. So no, she really wasn't.
please research how much we pay county supervisor. Total not just records, including perks!
yes Cholodenko for directing
Great to meet you! Tell us a little more about the project? It looks very exciting.
i was trying to say i don't mind going to jail
All right! Nice page you have there, thanks for compiling it.
Watching the #Rockies right now is giving me diverticulitis
Hi Josh. :) You guys keep up the great work! Proud of you!
nice meeting you too
Did you see the #SuperMoon tonight? Beautiful!
Aren't there 7 continents? Lmao in elementary school we learned a song that went "7 coninents on the globe, count them all with me" hmm..
I wasn't ready, so far from ready
RT : So stoked for and tonight!
Great lunch with - will have to make it a regular thing.
ADR Software Contracted to Provide Automated Workforce Monitoring Service at Construction Sites in Denver, Baltimore ...
Apparently was in the office today...doing something animal-y?
ah yeah, that's a good choice! definitely check out some of the others too though. there are some great ones!
My iPhone is broken. I press the home button but I'm still at work.
I guess im off this for tonight!
Rachel Maddow for Meet The Press!
When people are blasting rap music in the middle of the night . -__- I dont care if you "go hard in the paint " I'm trying to sleep.
We are bringing back the Chef & the Kids Art Park This Saturday 302 S Rampart FREE Spring Earth Day Crafts
Saturday or Sunday - I'm suppose to be up there on Sunday
the test isn't till next Tues. We should def do happy hour soon I'm gonna miss you too :) How long are you in D.C.?
I need the #kardashiancollection geoprint TriBeCa jumpsuit like yesterday #amazing times 10
not The size Of the shaker but how you shake it
Yep...you got it!
Just finished pulling out our third batch of fresh ice cream today
Thanks to all followers!
But it was the kids' first visit to Disneyland and B's 11th birthday on Wednesday... so it was a good and sad week and so a bit surreal.
lol yeah sure! Thatd be cool cuz ive never been off this island of Oahu before! Do you live on the mainland? What state?
Thanks :) I appreciate it.
I miss old pandora!! Where I could skip at least 5 songs before an advertisement!!
I'm back!
Nice win 4 the CARDS over ND, next up UCONN, maybe a Big East Tourney Championship? Maybe a #2 seed? Whatcha think?
I did the same thing but it was on the floor
Officially 8 Days Till My Birthday Can't Wait <3 -Sonny
I think the field is wide open for you. Craig Sager came to my mind first. You could beat him if you simply wore more tacky suits
I'm warm
Hi. My bestfriend is finally nice to me. life is perfect.
"I just teared up in my doctors office while he was examining me". This news is DEVASTATING.
Packing up ready to head out to shoot w
Recent Followers Thanks :D
Sundays are meant to do things you enjoy...like drinking wine. All Night Happy Hour begins at 4:00pm. Come by and snag a seat! Cheers!
I'd rather been punched in the face right about now.. I need to get out of this town..
Im bored at home right now
"Any fool can criticize, condemn and complain and most fools do." - Benjamin Franklin
Really? :( RT : A new Pew study finds nearly 7 in 10 local news readers wouldn’t greatly miss their hometown paper:
“: I hope Snoop, Dre and 3-D Pac come to Green Bay this summer!!!!!” yes! That would be awesome
“: dragons den auditions were great thank you!” Way to go Nicole!
is temporarily out of service due to the derailment of thought, estimated time for repair is unknown.
i second that nomination for I still don't know what a novella is though hehehe
Needed: means of watching #Arsenal vs. #Wolves. Ready? Go!
lmfao @ all the change that fell out of wherever you just had the change
Massive hole in my jeans, oh well still wearing them.
Looking forward to 826 Valencia Breakfast in the morning with Jeff Mayersohn of even if it means getting up way too early.
if this is the case in #omniture "The maximum number of characters an image request in Internet Explorer can carry is 2083" what happens?
Want to win a $4500 package to the PPC Aruba? Includes a $3300 ME seat & $1200 for travel. $520 satty at Isle Pompano at 3pm. See you there.
definitely do the same, it feels amazing lol
awww im sorry!! you can still be my valentine!! =D
If we females are talking about one another, of course a man won't feel bad about calling us a bitch or a hoe. Women do it to other women!
Cool read, how I discovered two cool writers, read that shit
Just read Icefall by Matthew Kirby. It's sort of Grendel for the YA gang. Vikings, berserkers, bards, war hammers. What's not to like?
It also shows that you guys miss Bosh. No one else really scored for The Heat beside James and Wade
When is it and where??
Man on third, no outs. Salty k's on 3 pitches and punto now down 1-2.
Former President Reagan's grandson Cameron Reagan was arrested by LAPD shortly after midnight.
Stretching your ears is kinda like picking a boyfriend. Go big or go home
Let us know what delicious dishes you plan to make with today's produce box delivery :) Enjoy your week!
Watch out Twitter. Pinterest may be my new time capsule. :-)
The longer we dwell on our misfortunes, the greater is their power to harm us.
Lesson learned: Don't take a drink & read 's tweets at the same time. It's not pretty, friends.
I know it was awesome. We were there too. If you looked up you would see us. Way up!
Starting to look at a lot more "new deals" with developers who see an opportunity to fill the coming inventory gap with new product in 2011.
A mercredi au Living Room!
Shout out to She follows back (:
We're almost at the first quarter of the year! Are you where you wanted to be when '12 began? How did you #TakeAction?
Happy Holidays and thanks for the mention.
Oh how I love my online accounts
Craving Brunch at Fresh donuts, Pulled Pork w/ Poached Eggs, Mussels & a London Calling Cocktail. cc
Do you "mow the lawn" or "cut the grass" ??? -Conway
This is fantastic news! Three cheers for
Junction Rd. off of Hwy. 26 in Jefferson Co. is closed after a truck carrying ethanol rolled over. Unknown if truck is leaking ethanol.
If it doesn't feel easy. There is something you havn't discovered.
liike i can't tell you. well atleast not on here. or really idkk if im aloud to say anything.
“: HATE YOU” hate reciprocated.
Nice site and idea. Good luck, guys. We make training mgmt programs & content for paper industry, so keep us in mind. :)
do u like The Band Perry? :)
We going be up there
I am serving full stick in traffic realness! Lmao!!! Grr
On another note, who puts in a bigger dipper: burnett or hoffer?
i wonder what they have for lunch
so true!
thanks for the follow neighbour!
And it raises money.
Pride and Joy by Stevie Ray Vaughn just came on the radio. Seems some stations still have a good music taste.
haven't seen that face in weeks =[
Hey, Josh, congrats on general excellence. Good night for BizWeek.
"Hey there yourself, hough (hot stough)."
I've decided to co-write a book with my Dad on Fibromyalgia (its a muscle and tissue disorder, which runs in my family).
I just typed in "can you use rubbing alcohol" in Search and it autocompleted with "to clean your ass" -> wtf yo?
I meditated this morning when I should have been moving my car for street cleaning.
If people are good only because they fear punishment, and hope for reward, then we are a sorry lot indeed - Albert Einstein
Confession #5 I love spongebob. YEAH I SAID IT! AND WHAT?!? lol
"The dress must follow the body of a woman, not the body following the shape of the dress.” Hubert de Givenchy
So much driving!
Man i wont see yhu. Cause ima be out of town for a week. And i leave tmmrw. How long you gon be at work?
How about that $300 to $400 tooth-cleaning. The one that makes you want to cry when the vet says she needs it.
I'm about to go to bed....
I've got to fart.
Thanks for the update
Coming off the Bay Bridge this afternoon, on the Oakland side, I noticed tons of litter & heavy weed growth. Reflects
Pay Attention !
#ShoutOut to all the Seniors I ACTUALLY FUCKS WITH at Mount Ida , Godbless you guys ! I wish you guys peace & prosperity. Fuckerryone else!
I want WAFFLE HOUSE !!!
SM101 listen & engage! RT : Crazy!: 95% of companies don't answer posts/questions on Facebook!
thanks for the support bro
so get on it lol
Thank you! Wonderful to get to this point (and excited to move on from here!)
I just finished a 4.00 mi run with a time of 37:32 with Nike+ GPS.
Many times the best way to get experience is to do an internship.
do something you would like to see on jackass
If you run for governor of Illinois, make sure you can do the time.
How are you today?
Happy new year to all!
Crying because 1D is coming to my city in Summer 2013. YES.
RT : I voted YES! ONE union is a powerful union! RT support the bargaining STRENGTH of a merger....
#aupolisci Getting Published in Political Science launching with introduction by
the effing apartment complex will tow my car.
smash in to it, you are titanium!!! :-D
Wilson's Monday night madness. Take Missouri +1.5 ncaab
I'm about to go to bed
Gm my ppl
From yesterday's trivia: did you know that "Yesterday" is the most commonly covered Beatles song, with over 3,000 versions to date?
Whoa fat fuck
There's a special place on whore island for you.
Hmm how far off are these concerts?
LeBron James is dominating the 1st round, let's see him do this well in the #NBA Finals.
I have a hunch Dolly Parton would be fun, and she's got a program to give books to newborns in KY (I think)
“: Never worry about haters::: better 2 b hated then 2 b invisible”
two hours to go and still four and a half pages. almost there. i can see the light at the end of the tunnel!
great seats :) you know I followed you because of your writing blog LOL! I am a nkotbsb nut - can't help it ha ha ...
Q3) by building a connection between two new concepts using a bridge between two known concepts.
A new D-Film addressing the senseless Murders and Black on Black Violence in the #Detroit Metro Area. Coming Up.
thank you for the kind words! And thank you for all you're doing for children. What a wonderful organization.
birthday tomorrow, or are you converting?
thanks. I will give them a call.
Looking AND retweeting! RT : LibraryThing for Libraries now has its own Twitter account. You're looking at it.
You are following the wrong Chris Damiani..lol chris is
Thanks. Spent lots of time thinking about and writing it.
Season premiere of
tried getting 49er tickets to surprise my Fiance....but man, they sold out in minutes!! :( lol!
RT : talking #remodeling #additions #kitchens in
you text me first!
“: So strong. So handsome. #swoon” you need to come down here tomorrow & run out there like
I agree! Not a fan of his, too lazy!
yes he is and comes from a very similar background like our kids. It is through A program called Just Say Yes.
Its only noon here and it feels like the day should be over! #genealogy is keeping me busy.
It was great to meet you at #sxsw. You've come a long way from Lake Havasu (I'm a Tucson boy myself). Let's stay in touch.
At the mall with jazmine :-)
nice to have you down! “: Loved visiting this evening. Less social (but still friendly) and more focused...
So, 100 followers as of today...
Getting ready for tomorrow's Economic Affairs meeting, as well as Thursday and Friday's session!
Can't believe the Clippers eliminated the grizzlies. It be something if the Lakers and Clippers played for the west. Conference championship
And the girls are so hot, seriously why are me and not in Florida supporting spirit and his gf?
Take the stairs two at a time instead of one at a time. This causes you to have to exert yourself more and increases your heart rate.
So many men so little aspirin.
The web site is blowing up with close to 1200 views setting a daily record in the last hour. Thanks 9News.
Amen Elmer Davis, Amen :)
Fuck everybody today not in a Good mood
Indeed you can! Decide and it is done. ;-)
ROFL! With a PhD in that existential phil, I suggest trying Christianity. Now that scares the HELL out of me!
buying stupid shit on polk...
Shit today? Everyday !
Now entertaining job offers for web development in the L.A area.
You'll probably find someone but you'll never find another
that is so sad!
Too sleepy to pack. Will be bringing a flask, a toothbrush, and my cat-haired covered work clothes from the night before.
Actually, I've never really thought about that. I want to make sure I say something interesting myself. :-)
Just saw #JackandJill w/ #AdamSandler. It was a lil' goofy (of course!) but it reminded me that everyone can find that someone rite 4 them
Phil Lynn Drunk....
Just caught up on my DVR shows... I think my Gleek phase hath faded. : (
I'm allergic to ignorance ....
Today is a special day, its my mommy's birthday, Happy Birthday Mom I love you so much. :)
the sign up page is blank...Ariana I have a whole song that I want to show you but I cant because of the link please fix it?
Who's Awake
I've done it. The trick is to put the cereal into a tall plastic cup instead of a bowl...:"D
RT Are congratulations in order? < Ask whether it should be congrats or condolences. Maybe both! :)
Please follow me? :D
Just added our Celebrating Spanish Flavors class on March 24. Check it out!
Ben's Dream White Sox defeat the Brockton Reds 12-7 in their Game 1.
I must be the only person who find the $JPM piling on of Jamie overdone. They f*d. Let's fix the f up and move on.
done!! Follow me, and have others follow me too!!
stay posted, we are still working on editing our interviews, my computer has not been wanting to work
Who's ready for the #Chargers #Raiders game on Thurs?? We'll be on that morning talking top #tailgate essentials. Don't miss it!
I see Dick Cheney got a new heart. So does this mean GW Bush will get a new brain? Who gets courage?
Come in Kane I'm listening!
If I can't have you then I will have no one at all.
Thanks , saw your comment on and I'll give you a shout
YAH! Daughter Chloe got her first goal in 3rd grade traveling soccer today! It was an awesome site!
Open space and opportunity hahaa
You bet!
Happy Birthday to Rep Dwight Bullard
Feeling guilty, splurged on a #kindle, has sat there for a while, any good #book recommendations, I'm looking at you
I hope the Dallas Cowboys picked a bust as a cornerback as the 6th pick overall.
its not my music its !! But he is about to blow up. Help spread the word.
RT : Messi just scored his one-millionth goal of the season. Really impressive. Oh, I meant 70th. Still not bad.
I had a dream too MLK. Though sadly, I didn't wake up in a beach mansion in the tropics with Kate Upton in my bed, so I guess you win.
Clouds should linger much of the day today but it will be a bit warmer with highs near 40. Thanksgiving forecast on 5 EYEWITNESS NEWS AM.
hi shaunna. I'm up front and would like to say hi after the session. Keep up the great tweets!
My friend backstabbed me today! I thought we was really FRIENDS until..she says things that's not true about me!
Start counting down
Sometimes people think that you can just throw a design together in an hour. My thought? "Yeah, if I had Color by Numbers!"
Good sleep is a component of good health. If worries are keeping you awake, try journaling - it may provide a way for you to "release" the…
The 12-step chocoholics program: Never be more than 12 steps away from chocolate! ~ Terry Moore
I can already tell this is going to be a bad day
"Breathe Deep, Speak Easy" the 2012 theme and logos revealed!
Missing the game right now to help with auditions for his show and I couldn't be more excited!
Nice win by UC today! #BearcatNation great game by
Moore said he can play despite the broken nose and Braun is fine as well. McLellan hinted at lineup changes, though.
Thanks Howard, you know we always want our H-Town squads to win
dude. loves Joann fabrics.
u said it LAST YEAR.. Maybe this year no ..
great job! every time i see that video i start to get really hipped up!! also tp nice rap u both r my idols :)
Whats happening tonight ?
I make a delicious batch of homemade Friday night popcorn if I do say so myself. cc
Words cant even describe how much of a bad day i have had.
And there is a toddler throwing firecrackers at me
who's on that team? you coaching it?
Am trying to write a review of 's THE YEAR OF THE GADFLY and all I can do is flail. Translating that to text is hard!
Looking forward to another #Foodiechat tonight
thanks Adam - looking forward to it. Hope things are going well for you!
if u watch tv online after the fact like me, catch my friend stellar guest spot on last week's Grey's. so exciting!
Welcome new #bookworm friends
U just fry them?
My pals from just popped in. They make a good Chillspot for hot dogs! I luv mine!
Bulls have confirmed Rose out with torn ACL.
Is this the real thing or is it just a one night stand?
Thanks for follow. I take weekly lessons from an accomplished local instructor. Your videos look excellent; look forward to it.
Go give our friends in Forever Sets The Sun a 'Like'. They are some genuine dudes and rad musicians. Let em' know OIC sent ya ;) <3
I wouldn't apologize either
just did. Why are they so adorable together?
Word ! RT : Sometimes I hate you, sometimes I love you.
(Okay, that last part was a lie. But close.)
what's that new survival movie? 147 hours or something?
I need something to do this weekend .
your dad's company is a sponsor at Vitense and you don't even get free stuff?
Thanks for the warm welcome to UMBC and Baltimore I'm looking forward to working with the Soc/Anth dept.
Thank you, your very welcome! Its nice to hear from those that benefit from some of my posts! Seems we both live in Newark.
NYC be jumping 24/7... I need someone to show me this night life 4 one weekend,,,,
oh ok.Well when ever you want to make a change,the rest of the world will probably still be here.God will continue blessing U.
Any contemporary #monologue suggestions? I need something for Wednesday...
In and out of DMV in less than 25 minutes. Who says all guvmint is inefficient? It ain't in Daly City, CA!
Today's Magic Relationship Word is UNDERSTAND.
awesome thx for asking and yours?
Michael Jackson had the #1 song on this day in 1972 with Ben. I love that song. So sweet.
Happy Friday tweeps! What's up for the weekend?
John's back
i feel ya 100 playboy.
Meaning it's a little bit not-stupid? Or just not a very big thing?
i did will he follow da ppl dat sighed`in?? V£RÏFÏ€D
so society trudges on around the same old worn out groove; lie, tax, steal, rape, molest, deny & sell it all as entertainment & advertising
What is going on w this?
the stadium is probably so silent you can hear Freddy Sez and his frying pan. Oh wait.
Fletcher said people told him there was no one left to support him after DeMaio got the far right, and Dumanis got the establishment:
Catching up on rss feed of tweets from on libraries, publishing, copyright, and digital. Always so much useful information.
And #Caps continue #gutless play after the game by trying to act tough with 3 on 1 after the whistle. Starting to hate their pathetic play
but since unfollowed me, I lost the code he gave me, no I never got to actually use the theme I won :(
um. If you're going to drunk tweet, don't say you're about to drive home.
play with yr feet uruguay
Move over Star Wars and Star Trek. You've had your time, and it has passed. Now is the era of the #MassEffect3 universe!
Master P Was Grilld Out Tho !
BNI in the morning followed by acupuncture, I will be in the Lake O area, anyone want to do lunch?
Good Monday morning! How does $600 dollars worth of gas sound to start your week? Stay tuned to the CBS 58 Morning News to win today's prize
Thankyou for being real. A real person and a true friend. Dont ever change cuz your freaking amazing. Txt me if u evr need2<3
are u playin in nationals next month???
Get up, get out, and do something
1 time at church, there were a bunch of babies crying & i really think it was the devil trying to prevent us from hearing the word of God...
just discovered theres cucumber water in the kitchen at my job
can't sleep....
“: you were my pick, I believe in ya” I'm so sad no
Who are you? Why are you replying to me?
I feel so relaxed right now...great day at the beach...
Proud of my wife. first backpacking trip. 10 miles round trip and 3k feet elevation.
We have period 1 tomorrow <U+E40B><U+E408><U+E334><U+E421> maybe ill play sick so i don't have to face them...
This girl saying she gives up on 1D cuz they dont tweet fans.. #smh. I get ur point but you're leaving them?
don't expect me to open up to you and tell you "everything". i don't do that with anyone, but because i know i can trust him.
Thx Charlie. Shoot me a link when you get it off the ground. Looking forward to reading it.
haha well after that midterm from hell I don't think that studying made a difference
Happy veterans day to the fallen and the brave who risked there lives for the USA!
Wii Review: Rhythm Heaven Fever via
RT : How do you decide what data is worthy both before collection and after having some results/data to review?
ah, i always forget to check their blog, thanks! [:
Learning how to make the sweetest little old fashioned Japanese fabric flowers. Each little bloom has a poetic significance, and I love that
Boom! Triple & Home Run so far for Tabata. Half way home!
RT : Reading is a discount ticket to everywhere. -Elizabeth Hardwick
Damn Frat u Hosted 2nite like a Champ, Happy Founders Day
exactly: See Chris Weinke. Struggled from Day 1. not saying Weeden is Weinke, but he's example that 28 yr olds are rooks
isn't that the truth. And contrary to male opinion. Just because women are nice to you it doesn't mean they want to sleep w/ you
This week I'll be at -tempted Tuesday's -superstar Wednesday's -wild thursdays -juicy Fridays -after dark Saturday's !! Come say hi!!
Tonight Buck Wild Wednesdays happening right now!
Fire the offensive coordinator! Bad decisions made today. Horrific!
I made sweet potatoes. :D
shut up , you love my smell ;) let's go eaattt . & oh yeah , i'm going to jump out of the car right now. Bye.
Fourth day up at cabin. One ski injury, everyone else sore. Lots of quality family time :)
Very soon! Early next week is the goal.
High Drama as MBS Hit Lowest Prices of The Year
Friendship is a game where the rule is simple: Watch the other player’s back
ugh me too! Snoozed like 4 times this morning
I have too many to count. :)
Happy Christmas and Merry New Years to you too, Todd.
Gym scene <3
Have a wonderful eclipse weekend, everybody@ <3
At 11, we will be having a book-binding workshop at the children's area tent (marked blue balloons)!
would u like some info on our food event in 2 weeks so Northeast Houston can know more about how good your food is?
i will and <U+E40D>u like math lol jk i hate it and english
yea right. TRAITOR. Its been fun though. Now all we do is talk shit about you in the chat room
Finally back on the twitter train... is on Twin Cities Live today. Watch at 3 pm on channel 5!
Good morning #Seattle. What a wonderful wknd we had! We're working on a tweetaway this wk. Stay tuned. Come by for lunch today 1st & Stewart
Today was a very interesting day!!!
“: She wants to have some quality time together with you, no phones, no distractions, no nothing, just you and her.”
Don't think I can vend tonight...hahaha
HEY PDX! Happy hour starts right now at the LR!! Come relax out in the sunshine on our picnic tables!
i hate when nice lovely people turn into mean judgmental people
Excited. After work, trying out for the 1st time. I've heard good things!
don't overanalyze!
Thanks for the follow.
Thanks for the follow, Chris!
Oh my...#praynforthepplinjapan/hawaii...o.m.g
well it has been a good day up until i heard about what people have been saying about sorry i mean debby ryan
Yoo ' want some REAL tweets. this kid aint lying , #FamilyLove. follow my coussin. (:
RT SAN ANTONIO? TWEET NOW IF YOUR STILL UP
Trying to forget someone you love is like trying to remember someone you never met.
RT if you know what happens on June 5th.
No. 12 Illinois lost to Illinois-Chicago (UIC)!?! Message to Illini "big men on campus:" regardless of opponent, got to bring it every day!
ur kidding right ? It was freakin awesome
Desiree but it's pronounced Desiray
#HappyBirthdaySRK Cake and Champagne party this Saturday!
Somebody play draw something with me :) Breanna_caitlyn
Looks like our bass player Andy is now on twitter!! Say hello to
Happy #worldwaterday! Teach your kids w/ "Why Should I #SaveWater" by Jen Green- #NeverTooEarly to learn!
Coming to an American League city near you. RT
My stupid sister got me so tired ! She's so annoying ! :/
“: You are never too old for a Disney movie.” exactly!
Oh yay! Let me know, we should all hang out! :)
Has anyone seen Loiter Squad yet?
SMH...hit you from my politics account... meant tweet it in the entertainment thread.
Dont understand why I try anymore I just get screwed and get my emotions played with.
So the other day I got called a black barbie..........that was pretty cool haha c:
theres a lot of things i will tolerate but i cant deal with people who always point out other peoples flaws.. your not perfect either!
Your assumptions are your windows on the world. Scrub them off every once in awhile, or the light won't come in. - Alan Alda -
he can expect pro bowl play, but I highly doubt he is going to get it from Clifton
Hope you get better soon. Hoping for the best.
he has no handle Gregg. Achilles heel.
Do you ever think about me?
Nuking oatmeal like a champ.
Hey I heard u were a wild one....if I took u home it'd b a home run show me how u do......
Hello from a fellow EAV player! :)
You know its gonna be a good day when your favorite songs come on the radio.
Ugh i gotta write a damn speech
Start time here at Sessions Stadium....830pm! hosts kennesaw st in our ASun Opener!
On my way to Market Square to see #christmas lights!
#SongOfTheDay ; Sexy and I know it - LMFAO <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089> <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098> <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength, while loving someone deeply gives you courage Lao Tzu
Dang it school on Tuesday :/
at least I didn't tell a dead baby joke lmao
This Pacers/Heat aint no where near as aggressive as the Memphis game.
I had a professor who told us that realism wasn't as important as believability.
good way to live.
Oh, I just discovered 's MyActivities features — so cool! Now I can keep track of everything I do :)
#ccwebinar Nick DiCristo founder of www.ClickCom.com speaking today on Mobile Applications and how to use them to grow your business.
Watching peoples reactions to what is written on my car is hilarious.
Breaking news: Tom Benson has renamed the Hornets the "New Orleans Murder Rate" cause next year will be a KILLER season! Anybody? No? Okay.
I think we have like 17 different possible workflows for our digital publishing project. My exec summary needed an exec summary.
you're a champ, buddy! Hope your hands okay!
you two are just adorbs.
Happy Mother's Amy :) U r truly a great mama!
I'm in the process of making a list.
I love me some cheap.
A XENOPHILE is someone who is attracted to that which is foreign.
": So the Spurs and OKC pulled out the brooms but the Lakers are going to game 7 but they're still the best team in the west?
Follow back :)
Sad, but true. Yet it works. RT "gotta still blame some of the modern day coaches for continuing this. I'm looking at you Bo"
When this game is over, it'll be more like #AssUp #WeMissYouFish RT : Game 2!
Seven pages down.. three more to go... school starts in four hours
Memphis is cold, gray, rainy. Like you need a coat!
Spent #NYE at Hualalai...agreed wonderful! RT the #wine team enjoying sunset in Waikoloa Big Island this eve
Great info Robin! Thanks for contributing!
Why, thank you! ;) Hope your Friday is going well. We're doing karaoke at the restaurant tonight if you like to sing, too.
Q: Who will sing Matt Sharp's falsetto backing parts during the Blue Album portions of the Blinkerton tour?
Hear, hear! Can this be a sign to hang in all businesses? RT Social Media Presence Needed, Stat! NO really.
Its on and poppin, the Casey trial down here begins NOW!!!!
Thanks for the RT, Christy :) Are you back in town yet?
Wait. What exactly DID I just say? I don't know ya see
Everytime I see a motorcycle I think of
in a way, i understand what you mean!<3 But, he's new to all this attention and all these fans, so we gotta give him some(cont)
what's the song of the day?
I knew that bitch was A ! >:]
You're welcome! I wish I had more actual advice. Good luck and share pics when you do it!
my dog is great, she knows to poop in the shade! #shihtzu are so smart lol
I bet your around 15 or 16! (To be honest..when I first met you on twitter I through you were like 18!) lol #Notkidding <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
good luck :) <3
order me one! Best picture ever.
gives a shout out and props to at ! Do what moves you/Move your way!
bacon does indeed equal happiness. Well played.
I know!! I hate the heat
actions speak louder than words!!
Morally grey areas
Guilty. As. Charged.
that's cool. I'm old fashioned, too... don't like humans touching mine. And I never have problems either.
They were always yours.
Art walk downtown. It's my first time and I'm already
Woke up flipped, facing the foot of my bed. Today is going to be a weird day!
Would love to hear how that works out for you. Art is featured prominently in our film and we are exploring outreach options.
Bacon, Eggs and Tillian Pearson.
. on what we are and what we will be: to "cover every #election across the country...and the world."...
my eyes hurt from crying :(
Gettin my swell on at the gym oh yea
Because I was "out of range" for UC wifi, while in the UC next to press box, no signal. So now all the texts come in! GOT IT! HAWKS LOST! :/
": I get it done at Bouffant salon in the Pearl" >>> Thanks for the shout out girl!
U are here to walk in obedience & there will be many times it's not popular! Humans will always fail you but God will not!
Ashton Kutcher -- The Steve Jobs Makeover
Goodnight everyone, may your tomorrow be the day after today.
Came home to flowers and a note on my doorstep
: this is quite an unfortunate turn in events
“: and letting everyone know where to be tonight! also !” it's a fiesta!!!
I just follow you!!!! Can you????
same here! planning on going again at some point glad enjoyed it, great films transcend "core" audiences
k i'll be back after 1030pm est weds night then [afternoon 1230pm kst for trunks]. trunks when are you free?
I'm feeling very jealous over your Voicelive 2.
GUYS. guess what tomorrow is!? (:
Looking for a place to squat and/or steal from? My apartment is the place! My living room window screen broke, just come on in!- Andrew M.
I didn't know the white man was so nice
Does anyone know why austy was crying yesterday?
emme know when you head this way :)
You mean Swagiana ;)
Yo You! Lovely weather 'eh? Glad I brought my cowboy rain hat
Guess we'll be doing round 3 of the WP CSS Coding Standards (or is that Guidelines?) in #wordpress-ui in just a bit :)
Someone out there is waiting for my help and I am the perfect fit for it. Do you believe me?
trolling...they just want more followers.
hey everyone i just changed my name from to
I THINK YOU SHOULD FOLLOW YOUR PIANO!!!!! (:
is that in/near L.A.? Is the traffic that bad out there?
A day off today..lol wish
Just got the dvd of my last fight from on April 15th. Watching that makes me want to get back in the cage ASAP!
Fat girls need love too...just ain finna get it from me *shrugs*
Me and the #BestFriends and have our college lives planned all out!
Who's teams kicker kicks and recovers the ball?
thanks for following!! Have a great weekend!
Cool thing as u get older & your libido wanes, u can have a meaningful convo with a woman & not feel like u need to conquer her ladyparts..
Believe you can and you're halfway there.
i will when i go onto tht account
noo! AJ you don't get it !!! IM REALLY SCARED !!!!
And what ur talking about doen't even sound fun... Just sounds weird... Get urself a freak not a psyhco, babe.
QoTD: "Luck is what you have left over after you give 100 percent." (Langston Coleman)
i get on there when it comes out I getting jedward cd thier new one from amazon the seller from NC
Thanks so much for the re-tweets!
That's It For Now Tho', I'm Thristy . #Koolaid !
Ready for The Primal Scream from on Are you ready, #Denver?
Cool! I vote they put googly eyes on them to anthropomorphize them a bit.
On the indiana toll road ... The question is sugar free rock star or alice cooper cd. Same price
I think it's cool to be out of touch with whatever is cool today. #IReadBooksToo :D
Happy Pie Day, everyone! We <3 you!
This is seriously getting out of hand...i never did anything to you.?? But you know, your bipolar...so...
is tweeting :')
My parents only had one argument in forty-five years. It lasted forty-three years.
you sure?
Clos LaChance Winery hosts many weddings. Stunning winery
"Creativity is piercing the mundane to find the marvelous." (Bill Moyers) In our #webcontent #writing, we work to make every subject
i wpn the bet against my bro! jst proves tht #Arinators stick together!!!:D
If I had a salon it would look like
Happy Birthday ! Wishing you the best... Enjoy your day! :D
is giving away 12 spots for the Seattle Sounders Ticket Holder Celebration. If you are interested please call us at 206-281-7060
you never know bro!
It is possible to share friends ;) cc
Go the the YT channel pudgethekitten it's adorable
Music video ideas? Anyone..song?
it's really good except for the end. The end is such a fail lol
leave school u should text me 8327667069
they got one for girls lol
Some cruise lines are methodically and systematically attempting to eliminate travel agents over time.
#Radio, I hv a #Free #Idea! Closed Caption: put words to the song & commercial streaming on the radio screen, not just title & artist. 21312
Great news, FINALLY! Today, I'm wearing those pants where every time I sit down, the button pops off.
Put Clint Eastwood in a commercial and you will succeed.
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) Will they come to Anchorage, Alaska? :D 19
Thanks for the kind feedback! Any questions let me know!
named Barry Sharp Memorial Award winner as Top Freshman at 56th Annual Awards Evening.
Big hello to everyone joining FollowEDU today! Is there an Interest list you'd like to see added? Let us know using
So happy that I'm singing on the regular again. This finally wrking out for the best. Blessed!
:P I wonder what that lady thought about us yesterday.
Congrats on going social !
Got off the air at 10 FUN giving away Ke$ha tix now to Farmer's Market and then tonite judging Battle of the Bands Hamlin Pub, I love 2day!
NEW attraction at the forthcoming Apple and Grape Festival in Stanthorpe
surf with alex because i cant sing hahha!
Saying "The Black Keys" too fast will make you sound racist.
My son stopped at step 2 and sat down
my babe has thee prettiest smile :)
i stopped eating taco bell 3 days ago... i'm literally going through withdrawal symptoms #addicted <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B0>
Where they been at?? RT : Half of my TL OKC fans O_o
#bra stop #tweeting or get out my #head U can def tell we the Same
Twice-abandoned triplets know Russian boy's pain Patience, help key for ... - The Tennessean
Made it home in time to check out and before I hit the pavement! Lol
#Discover tab just informd me that BBC has cancld #BluePeter. Maybe useful after all. #dayruined #mourning cc;
Bestie comes home today :) YaY! :D
Knowledge is knowing a tomato is a fruit; Wisdom is not putting it in a fruit salad.
yup, that's me xD “: Be upfront with what you want from an #Aries and if they like you, you will get what you asked for.”
no worries. Just spreading the word of a product I believe in. :) enjoy your weekend wedding and your quick stop in AZ.
we got your back, beautiful ;-)
get it
Rewatching this week's #MadMen, blown away by how handsome that Bernie fellow is. Who is he??
Standup comedy battle finals tonight! Winner gets a slot in the MKE Comedy Fest. 8pm @ ComedySportz $5
follow me first
Dinner last night was quesadillas with Frontera salsa and Tischler's tequila lime chicken. Delic! Sadly, no leftovers.
That's right, you have like 12 sisters. I can only imagine all the American girlness.
Great, thanks for the advice.
RT : It's funny how people have strong opinions on things they know nothing about.
The ladies love crashed ice racers who knew
Suggestion – Fourth, Share a humorous story without attaching a point. This works great because your humility will attract the audience.
George Zimmerman is exactly the type of person I would cross the street to avoid. HE'S the sketchy looking asshole.
Thank you for the link to that Mick Boogie Beasties mix. I needed that today. What's the time? It's
thats some crazy shit right there
Some things like petroleum jelly or security envelopes are pretty much the same regardless of the brand.
Thank you best buy for messing up your pricing & honoring the sticker and not the squ. I just got a 200 dollar bluray burner for 100 bucks
"Is it stealing if it's already stolen?" Digging In Time more than i thought.
I'm sure they have someone in mind, but you don't replace Suggs. You can fill his spot, but he's a stud. And a Steeler killer.
The baguette has come to be something of a symbol for France! Try one @ Firehook Bakery w/butter & jam & a nice glass of vin rouge.
- just for you! a lecture by the Scott Schuman: "Street Elite: The Sartorialist's World of Style" via
“: Burton: brief is "Solve a problem. Brilliantly." #Publish2011”
when did we get married??? #confusion lmbo
im supposed to be wearing them.
Doesn't Robby Thompson have a son or something?
Watching #LAcomplex. It's like another #melroseplace but for people that want to be famous.
So... I wanna be a bartender
I feel like talking on the phone right now.
Bicyclist being followed by police on shoulder of 95S by Columbus Ave
My Nig don't try it!
Thanks, Darcia! Happy Writer Wednesday.
How r u MAMA!!? Im looking 4 u?
Only one more day until the 2nd ever SBC Challenge begins! We are thrilled to announce all of the contest prizes
"Please return my stapler"
": my mom wanted me to cook lol"That would be better than a restaurant...cause you are a master chef!
Thanks for the follow! :)
it has moscoso and alex white as starters... And they aren't even in the majors right now
Whaaaa? Where is this magical grocery store?
Playing guitar can always make my day, every note, every chord, every fret, ahh I love music
merry Christmas everyone!
Few guys came to the office today & gave us free samples of 5 hr energy. Gave them samples of Closing Time. They liked my sample better.
What's up with KickStarter that it's so dang US centric?
Hurray! Thanks so much!
Registered Process Server serving the entire Sacramento, CA community. 916-509-0677 Bank Levy, Small Claims, Divorce, Summons & more..
lol maybe even the water slide at great wolfe lodge! the one that annoyed guy pushed us down!
This is so offensive. MT overheard a mom tell her young daughter at #SRLC, "[...] Medicaid is for losers." (v )
I need to stop lowering my standards :( I feel horrible right now. I wanna be with him but I cant do this to me. I need Jesus :(
xD his glasses flew off hahahaqhaahahahahah that was so funny
U Voted,WE WON! Panel Brand Recognition v Killer Content @ #IWNY 5/17
I like cookies.
Wow MWP amazing defense.
lmao ikr! i shoulda said it louder lmao and when people kept coughing and ur like BLESS YOU
My daughter ask everyday are we goin to ... Like twice a week aint enough
Celtics on fire!
If it wasn't... I bet he's wearing a cape
Freedom has a huge price tag and many have made the payment so we could join the millions that are free
I wish losing weight was easy. I love food to much....
People who work at airports really such at customer service...
In Hudson, OH for Thanksgiving. Why does it look so much like Connecticut? It was once part of New England's western reserve! So cool!
Another boffo show in the bank! Thanks to , , Fresh Hearts and all our comedy pals who helped out! See you June 17th!
study the really good music. problem solved.
Angry. It's time for a beer and a nap.
Keep on getting your paper, keep on climbimg, look in the mirror and keep on shinning
you guys doing the Juggernaut Index this season?
Honor your mother despite her faults, she had courage enough to bring your ugly ass into this world.
just got going w/
RT “: When you attempt to say everything, you end up saying nothing.”
He got a soft 6 and I got a hard 9..
There is a car alarm going off a block away. Reminiscent of my years in Manhattan.
well i gotta go bye to all :) gonna be watching BTR in itunes so bye bye
Loved speaking & visiting w Fountain Hills Rotary today. I also adopted a winning duck for the May Duck Race benefiting kids. Thanks Rotary.
Can't wait for tommorow
is there a way to recover a database from a (dv) server that was cancelled on 12/22?
I did it. I caved in and turned on the A/C. If the "fresh air" in Baltimore was actually fresh, I might have waited it out. But no.
RT : " Tonight: are tonight, 7:30p! Opening artist: Arctic Monkeys." E can't wait!
up-and-coming band, Sherry Turkle and the Digital Dualists, confirmed for the #TtW13 afterparty
Sometimes you end up losing yourself trying to hold on to someone who doesn't care about losing you.
thanks for the great feedback!
wow just saw rock the stage on ellen <3
we are going to miami next week bc biaaaaaaaatch get ready
you are
Music saved our lives
Um, without sounding like a creeper, that you're attractive! I'm pretty sure the fag comment was just a gay guy in disguise.
If I missed any points from the show today where can I get the notes?
Hi Ivana, great list of 7 technologies, thx...will share w/my peops. I am from Berea, OH...pretty close to Medina.
During my Senior Year I have grown up alot. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008B><U+2728><U+2728>
i do!
I've got a throbbing headache that just won't quit. Right now it's earning time and a half!
whats the website called agian to buy tickets?(:
The success combination in business is: Do what you do better... and: do more of what you do... - David Joseph Schwartz
The TARDIS interior doors in those two Dalek films used to look so strange; now, after six years of NuWho, they seem normal!
And I'm asking you to be my everything
Yes, Homeland Security oversees both ICE (fraud ring) and Secret Service (Colombia scandal). DHS has its hands full.
considering the actions of Eve. Who do you have as your top 5 jezebel's in the history of the
Looks interesting. Utilizing stocktouch? In any case, curious to play with it. I can haz new trading ideas.
One hour left of the telethon. Any amount would be greatly appreciated.
OMG THEY WROTE A BOOK ABOUT ME
are USA ministers and churches building thier own kingdom ($$) or the #KingdomofGod ?
thanks for the follow when twitter decides I'm worthy of following more people I will follow you!
Haha I suppose. Lol too bad, I don't smoke lol.
Happy 16th B-Day to my Tall Ass Lil Brother Joel aka !!! Love you bro and ENJOY yo Day !
Thanks for the RT! Have a terrific evening! :)
Jimmy Cliff feeling the Sunset Sessions LOVE
I use RSS for every site I read. I've found that if a site doesn't offer a full text feed, I end up not reading their posts.
Goodnight <U+2764> School Tomorow >.< blah
tried DM'ing but it said use doesn't exist... que pasa?
Well said!
#Romney not doing as well in #VTprimary as I anticipated. #Gingrich dominates #GAprimary as expected.
LOL! I know it's hard to come up with good, unique, original questions! :)
its in the main settings for when you first get twitter x
SEO techniques are important for any business owner, especially with a Google Places page.
Poor Baby Avery died today..The Angels in Heaven took her to a place where she can watch us all..
Here we are just trying to clear our throats and stretch our legs a bit, and all this commotion? Thanks for the interest ;)
Proud to be the Small Business Leader of the Year for the Arlington Council of the Jacksonville Chamber!
You're welcome so what's up?
yea your fired! :-) no worries. Hopefully we will get someone else out again soon.
Sincere apologies! All of our drink specials start at 9pm. DM me your email address & name and we'll get you a free slice.
Let's talk to
i love the 11th doctor but cant wait for the new series
it's a sad day R.I.P. "MCA" The Beastie Boys were the soundtrack to my high school years.Spring Break memories w/the Beastie Boys forever!
Well, All games are CGI Phil. That's the point. I think what you mean is this is 100% composed and non interactive?
Most people very positive and optimistic about the project. Biggest concerns are about detours, construction timeline.
For those #Rockies fans who follow me on Twitter, I apologize. I had major issue with my Tweetdeck tonight. Not sure what's going on.
: so the question is, when does season 2 of Wilfred start? because ive been having withdrawals. lol
thanks for being you!
This popular science is your brand new carcinogen.
If your only goal is to become rich, you will never achieve it. John D. Rockefeller
IT'S ON AGAAAINMMOMB
Enter Coupon Code: FRIDAY for FREE Delivery tonight only!
amazing job
hi, just come back to twitter. it has been a long time.! ..i been busy developing website
WTF? RT : Oregon had its backups on the defensive line and second-team safeties in for the start of that drive.
Woah! RT Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez spotted in Balboa Park yesterday.
Probably cause they are so fucking sensitive. Hell, I RT'd the shit out of them, and made them look like fucking clowns. LMFAO Raiders.
I WILL live in California one day.
Thanks for the interest if you are really interested to learn more about #acting, send your email to us. *cheers*
I got u when I get by some
I need more followers
After 6 years with the team, kicker, Ryan Longwell has been released by the Minnesota
Skittle in Canada r called skittles.
only cause I love you:]
Caught NBC's Fashion Star in the corner of my eye and thought I had epilepsy. At least it wasn't as bad as Speed Racer.
True or False? If an essential oil causes redness, pain or burning on the skin, this is a healing crisis.
Ugh, people.
the perfect song came on "Provider" by N*E*R*D
RT : Sometimes, political journalism seems to just be keeping itself busy between actual news events.
Lets see if Americans grieve for Walter Cronkite like they have for MJ
Does Love Like Woe always remind you of Joey on Blossom too???
just watched the first episode. Fantastic. Are they all an hour and a half??
3 bottles of bleach: $15 1 rope, 3 rolls of duct tape & a shovel: $35 3 boxes of trash bags:$10 The look on the cashier's face Priceless!
Thought that was it, but getaway days here are typically 1 PM RT : MLB Travel rules.
where are you planning your next road trip?
LOL. SLIM SHADY UP IN THIS
same awhh, why can't PCA exist? :(
I see!
That's the effort I like to see!
Headed to Minneapolis today. After the hell I just went through at LAX, I'm ready for a day of relaxation, and maybe a little ping pong
Confession : Every time I read that Mike Daisy is a monologist, I read it "moonologist" like the one Jenna played on 30 Rock.
Hope my mommy lets me go to my babys game at 10:00pm <U+E406>
they are awesome..did you catch one of their shows?
We look forward to Lesley, Sinead, and Johanna joining the and #AnacostiaDC family!
Suddenly Rush thinks extending unemployment benefits is good for Republicans.
love Issa. True True
Third breakout group discussed the process of empowering, gathering, keeping, coding, and disseminating stories.
The current VP's job description is to sit, biden' his time until he's needed. Thank you, I'll be here all week.
I love Danger Prone Daphne a.k.a
": Wassup!!!!!? " nothing much how are you
i met a guy today named mister. real first name.
Wonderful song! Your voices lovely and REAL!
hope you're having a beautiful time abroad!
Happy Friday #PDX! Where are we going tonight?
homie idk where can we go give options my nigga
Hickies let them know that your with me <U+E418><U+E405>
Why can't I fix anything......
If you haven't tried yet, join me at the Mission Valley Library tomorrow between 12pm-2pm for a test drive
If I win #MegaMillions, Good Eats is back on! Did I mention the movie deal too? We split action figure sales.
Loving fall & the fresh local foods that are in season. Delicata squash for dinner tonight w/ sauteed local rainbow chard. That sounds good!
We love avails on a Monday!
Weiner's Breitbart voodoo doll worked
Listening to Jazz music is like an education to me. i find myself doing some research afte listening to a classic track that make we swing.
good for you.where in TX are u moving.
wish you could too! But that's like 6? 7 hour drive? DC is fabulous though. You should spend more time here.
I think John Stofflet looks like Wren McCormick from Footloose with his new cut...
Why isn't there hardly any people there?
excited that at least one female television presenter is involved in the first ever Egyptian debate. #egypt #theydonthateus?
- He's unassuming off the field, but on the gridiron U simply won't find a more talented all-purpose RB.
I will punch you in your face. <3
B/C if youre like Mitt and obscenely wealthy, you have to support society you live in, which allowed you to be obscenely wealthy
Smile, Milwaukee! it's
I feel like I just got socked in the gut.
Day 1: Watching a Japanese pitcher with a $100 million contract. Day 2: Reading how the West commodifies Eastern visions of itself
Two lineup changes. Josh Howard will start for the Jazz and Boris Diaw will start for the Spurs. Post by coming up on...
Listening to Skyscraper <3
my lock button on my phone issnt workingD:<
Good question, I'm also curious.
# dontever forget where yu come from :)
Oscar's nachos on tonight at Lottie's!!
loving your music. Wishing you the very best in 2012. Xoxo a huge fan.
The fedora probably really pulls the whole outfit together.
": Wake up call America! is a badass!!!!" She was AWESOME!! A mini Miranda!!
I'll buy one!
I have a tendency to piss people off and not even notice. But, it's cool, my tendency to not GAF evens things out.
had a really goo night.
#FollowMonday ! Follow her bitches!
Nun much working.. how you been?
I love when people tweet indirectly about you;)
There's a lot of #thatcamp SE people already registered for THATCamp CHNM. Are you coming along?
ur so angry that the bulls are out aren't ya? Lol
lol, she is a sexy man!
perils of enterprise IT - will update
Vincent is so cute :*
you guys sounded amazing!! So beautiful!!!
I need to become rich ASAP!!!
So bored
congrats to on a tremendous launch party yesterday... fantastic group... cc:
God bless America for Black Friday. It's Like early Christmas BD XD :D
Ugh. Money is such a pain in the neck. *vomits*
follow back please
I went to ISTE last year, chose ALA this year. Wish they didn't always conflict :-(
You dont need someone to complete you, you only need someone to accept you completely.
We are kindred spirits Ms. Thompson.
democrats are losers
Midlakes Basketball: Morning workouts start tomorrow...time to get after it.
I would love to chat IRL this week. Let's plan on it!
Thanks for the follows
hello! anyone lurking? lol
I was sad to hear about the pedestrian who was killed this morning.
damn straight
#HappyBirthday to Company Member Mark Alhadeff!
should be reported, but after fire, Libya and Japan. Maybe umbrella tease but story later. It's not new news by this evening.
I don't know, sounds like winning to me. Everyone needs that day sometimes.
add immortal..brewcityluv
Eat somethin' ya silly goose!(;
that's funny, I was watching tonight at the same time and had the same reaction.
This bitch complaining about working too much. I work 55 hours this week. Exactly. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0087>sit down.
KILL YOSELF CHICK
gonna get a new tatt..big piece on my back...to me.tattoo to me is like sex.feels good and relieves stress.one year without my grandpa today
Ah don't tell Balk!
I understand but they were just being too blunt. She's an amazing artist but she's not friendly to perhaps your average joe.
Haha, yes I remember. My time for doing that kinda shit was Junior High, since I was taken throughout most of HS ;)
yeah i get you... hey im a choreographer for my class im so happy im trying to teach then to dance
it's like the north pole.. With a liquor store! Ha
At my grams house !
lol good one!
Freedom isn't free, but at a garage sale full of George Michael cassingles it's probably close.
Cause in the end they gon judge me so whatever
says not enough coffee in the world is going to keep me awake today!
Basketball tourney starts tomorrow!! Lets go team.
Standing Ovation
I just learned what the term "Invigilator" means & that I will be one from time to time over the next few weeks & I've been one in the past!
: Thank you to everyone who showed up to create this plan. What we have here is something that every new councilmember will...
All Nominees, simply check apron entrance to the 2012 HBCU Awards - Cover charge is waved for all nominees. Show Starts at 7.
Volleyball was a blast last night but man am I sore. The gym will be fun today … ouch
Gratitude & Grace, thanks for following!
Ordered on 4/23. Supposed to receive them 4/30, still no shoes. Spent 25min on hold before it auto hungup, emailed/no response. Help!
Be careful, don't want ur nose breaking from all that lying RT It's all from hard work & dedication to social media
we love Epcot. Parents just went to WDW and they were not impressed with Animal Kingdom.
Packers offense was absolutely terrible, thanks to terrible play calling.
“: Quote of da day " u ain't gotta worry about winning da race. If u ain't in it "”
My cuzin is a bitch sometimes!
YES CRAZY MANAGING FOR THE WIN
when do u hey out of school?
Taken cared of :)
tomorrow starts the ERNIE BALL BOTB...be sure to create a profile and vote for us #everyday !!!
; thanks for coming over ;)
Im surprised we duked it out this long . Your bipolar ass just being friends w. You is challenging lmao. You Aries are crazy
Lol. Thank you.
yeah i love that.
thanks for the retweet!
Librarians R O C K --I thought U knew!
Okay, I guess it's time for allergy meds before I claw my own eyes out.
Think I might have a cavity :(
Houston is awesome, but maybe you should plan a getaway to San Antonio!
Equality now
Goodmorning Twitter #teamfollowback mention me for a follow back
I'm seeing them play on Saturday at the td bank north garden. Fucking pumped
And your one of the strongest people I know of.
Gave my coastie boyfriend an assortment of cheeses for Valentine's Day & still don't understand his look of disgust
Almost 90* and sunny out in Boston today. Shorts and sandals kinda day.
So pleased that 2 books (from publishers we represent) were named as 2011 Outstanding Academic Titles from Choice Magazine!
May ALL have a happy weekend! :)
Feel like I need a backwood just 2 listen 2 this Redman Muddy Waters....
From my friend #CarolineWaters -"When I sing from my heart, magic happens. When I sing with an agenda, I loose my footing"
I know and e knows u love him
I feel bad for that Broncos fan that got the Tim Tebow as a Centaur tattoo last year. Ok... no I don't.
Lots of calls of "Are you all open today?"
..yea your right
Just left USF.........I think im in love :3
Ha, hardly! I just remembered you handing out something during orientation about sexual consent. A stress ball or a mouse pad?
Very nice!!! Great teaser for the book :)
WHOA LOOK WHO IT IS! I'm good and you little sis??
"Liar, liar... Pants on fire." -Waffle Stomper #90'sAreAllThat
Try to contain your jealousy but and I are hanging tonight. Deep breaths, deep breaths.
you got this! good luck!
Alpha Dog is showing great on this hot day in Chicago!
u hid them!
Quad for 105 points.
Musical thanks for following to and
How do your tweets post on FB at same time you post on Twitter?
we are from Tosa. Trying to figure out a state st. Route
LOLSZ BUT HE WANTED TO TAKE ME TO THE MOVIES TO NIGHT BUT I WAS LYK NO
20Jan1777 to Lt Col R.H. Harrison:I beg of you to consult…such measures as shall appear most effectual to stop the progress of the Small pox
My house is dark af.. I'm up just tweeting like a G.
You want the truth? You can't handle the truth!
After 5 years since There Will Be Blood, have announced Paul Thomas Anderson's next film The Master arrives on Oct. 12th!
Do all u can, with all that u have, in the time that u have, in the place where u r.-Nkosi Johnson
a little late, but congrats on the new job! sounds awesome!
Thanks for denying me! -___-
It's National Husband Appreciation Day. Shhhh... don' t tell my husband! ;o)
My Pain My Purpose My Destiny Women's Conference begins Thursday!! Let's get real about REAL women issues... at 1401 Decatur
Trying to get to follow you is like a second job lol
I was gonna say the Packers are lucky to only be down by 3 at the half, and they're still lucky to be down by 10.
oh MY... That is amazing, my favorite restaurant. How are you?
: WOW!So much hate it's sad.KK, u work 2 hard 2 explain yourself 2 some1 who doesn't no u & had time 2 judge u!
K GOT IT PEACE
To eat at my house this thanksgiving you need to either bring a dish...or a gram of some fire weeds...preferably the weeds child...
Like most things fashion related, it all depends on execution
I had a dream last night that I was hanging out with and chatting with what?!
What's Suzie's twitter? I'm about to spam the mess out of her mentions. I hate her so much.
u gunna get on?
Living Lei Chic: HiFi Coop (HawaiiNewsNow) - Do you want to be a fashion designer, but don 't know where to start? Or maybe you just don
I'm working in my dads office right now and I wanna pull my hair out.
Fired up for birthday dinner tonight at Hungry Mother!
#PR pet peeve: When my HARO request says, "I'm not looking for info on spa pampering days," don't send me info on spa pampering days.
Watch tomorrow to see at the Market District grand opening in Pine! Wonder what the cake will look like?
I know of no more encouraging fact than the unquestionable ability of man to elevate his life by conscious endeavor. ~ Henry David Thoreau
In desperate need of beer.......
I hope so! JK! RT“: Russ: Mother's Day -- 85 Degrees. Is there a better gift than that?”
It's easier to believe the lies we are told than to stomach the truth. By the way, you're so pretty.
Steelers vs. Cardinals rematch tonight at 8 EST on ESPN. Go cardinals!
I'm home, too, Ernie. Had expected to go but got sick :(
Your seat sucks.
hear dem buh central doh thief song..
Charity Partner spotlight: Socially Conscious Coffee running to bring education to 12,000 kids in Brazil
..wow! that was kinda creepy haha.. when u find a person that is too much like u..
Beaver cops<<<<
Hoping Courtney Roby is okay. That is so scary... #perspective it is just a game
Thank goodness for our GSA! MT Every dept. needs a forum to deal w/ grad students' concerns about Ph.D. programs chroni.cl/u9edhW
Hi Linda. Thanks for the retreat!
still standing in hot springs bc of your terrible customer service. No thanks...
“: Whats this for ?! RT : um .”i fucked up my fault
I'm learning about citation order in LCSH and finding it very interesting. Perhaps I am meant to be a cataloger? I hope?
sorry girl i've gotta buckle down and get all this studying done! i'll be on later tonight :)
"If Ninja and Hitler kissed, their mustaches would never touch..."
The is so well-designed and serene. So much to see if you really look.
just beat sara schmit in a dance off............... Hell yes
your tweet about puking
Never blame God for the actions of people.
haha okay make sure she doesnt fall asleep lol
good good! writing lots :) work soon x(
lmfaoooooo omg ill bring one to haha thts gotta be the most embarassing food to eat
Check out WWW.GENXVAPOR.COM for great deals on Electronic Cigarettes, and accessories, and stay tuned for the launch of our e-liquid line!
#crewlove even distance can't seperate them!
awheniwasyoung i use to come home from school with a glass of cold milk and cookies on the tabel
What are the Barriers to integrating Tech? space, funding, attitudes, a School's use of the library for other activities
Beloit Snappers! RT Miguel Sano hits go-ahead 2-run HR in 9th, benches briefly empty as he crosses plate 4 apparently "pimping" it
Go get your dog set up at with a grooming. Trina is excellent and she has Sinatra looking as handsome as his namesake!
good idea !
quit your job and come next year!
packing for the Oregon trail
What isn't Is the question. Hit up the Northside and work you way down
Happy International Women's Day! Celebrating by having some me time!
Time to eat!
If you long to see God, take to spiritual practices. What is the good of merely crying, "O God! O God!"? - Ramakrishna
Seemed like it was about 15 minutes ago!
So far 2nite skullcap tincture, ice pack on eyes, warm bath w/salts and lavender oil, & scalp massage w/peppermint shamp seems 2 be helping.
End it and find your happiness. Fill the voids. Don't stay in it because ur afraid u wont find another...chances are that you won't!
no don't cliclk on the file, its spam!!
My son's disappointment I'm not responding to his lemonade request? Not lessened by my explaining I can't because he dumped it all!
Our local bank only keeps 6 months worth. 5.25" floppies must be more secure (same reason they gave for only supporting IE).
we'll be in sec 33 at may 27th game vs royals. you know my pops? he is in comm relations for o's is getting me, girl and kids tix
Love to see you wearing the Blue and White of Kentucky
This fast life soon shatters; cause after all the lights and screams; nothing but my dreams matter
Veterans Job Fair Tues., Dec. 13th from 9-1pm @ West Orange Armory on Pleasant Valley Way.Target, Prudential, NJTransit, etc. will be there!
We are open Christmas Day from 10am-11pm so join us for lunch or dinner!
Everyone regardless of income deserves high quality affordable care.
.Gonna prepare my drink mah boyy :p
"Her mother, brother, grand mother hate me in that order" I love that song
Hey, thanks for reaching out! Alma Trinidad's FRINQ class is coming up with an event for February but no details yet!
RT Stuck watching this game with a bunch of Flyers fans at #BuffaloWildWings ..Another reason why Anthony won't play soccer
going to send you everything tomorrow ...
grants, grants, grants --> boxes, boxes, boxes
Thanks for following!
hahaha “: "It's just allergies," what people who have a cold say right before they give you their cold.”
#FOLLOWMEKIANLAWLEY ... Never Happens
Bravo! Encore! RT : 5 years at Sunlight full time, today
I want to go to Washington DC so bad.
SAVE UP TO 10% BY STAYING WITH US.
uff been busy, but twitter i'm back OH YEAH! ;) haha! LOVE YOU GUYS!
SCORE! Just realized my new #WP7 has a front facing camera/ video! Love this phone. Well done #HTC - the Radar is fantastic.
Hola Padre! This museum is AMAZING! You need to come see it! --Sophie
All i can think of re: Shea McClellin right now is BLUE TURF!
February 1948......NBC TV begins it's first nightly newscast...
cause they do 95% of the time lmao
Me and my teacher just had a moment. One of the words meant sexually and my teacher was like to punish. To punish sexually?!Yes.
stupid, crazy love was freaking amazing. i laughed me ass off watching that xD
Why the fuck would you put one of those bullethole stickers on your car?
I think it warmed up a bit. open mic nt at the wedge and thurs at brooks. Blind drives playing fri at the wedge and hoodathunk sat @ brooks.
any idea when Youth Lagoon is going on tomorrow?
Nice Dude! Thanks! I enjoyed it!
El sexo Oral No Provoca Caries!:P
Goodluck!!! RT Core core core good luck to me!!
try two of those :D
That's what we said! RT : RT : The gifts section w/ products on is ingenious #cmgrchat<O!
Ignore calls, Sallie Mae tryna find me! ("N**gas In Debt")
traveling to different CoderDojos would be great, but you'd probably spend all your time managing them, + not have enough fun.
Be advised, said activists are on the move and they have cow bells and tambourines...
hey you, I love youu (;
Humor is the ability to see one reality from the perspective of another ~ Ram Dass
Join to discuss Innovations in Recruitment today at 1:30, National Harbor 2-3
Parents really annoy the crap outa me sometimes >.<
ha.ha. he is ready! He can make tiger and wildcat sounds! too bad jayhawks are made-up birds.. they don't have a sound!
happy b-day I hope u have the best b day ever :P
music is the great communicator
RT : In-depth article in the guardian RT Could 3D printing end our throwaway culture? gu.com/p/33da8/tw via
solid buy
looking forward to having you guys! Woohoo go Cal!
I've grown to understand and embrace my moments of indecisiveness. I tell people I'm being very Pisces right now.
You're probably right but I'd love to see it. Madden was the 1st mgr back in '09 to implement the shift. ... Drives me nuts
that sucks. okay.
idk. I guess I'll just have to find something to do haha
love the new website!!! makes me smile when I'm there :-)
Wish I Had Someone To Help Me Sell These Hawk Cards :(
Lesson 2 from - Understand and articulate your real priorities.
Viso is doing good for once
justin video was perfection <3
Are #newspapers really dead?? Humans will never be able to replace the feeling of handheld print-text.
Ugh why am I coughing? >_< Not fun!
Avengers was too dope
yes she is, forever! I can already tell that she knows we rescued her and how much she appreciates it. How beautiful <3
u need a partner in Germany?
Best feeling in the world? Finally fitting back into your "in shape" jeans ;) HOLLA.
Cool, well let me know if you're interested
So... Once Upon a Time is the corniest thing I've seen in quite a while. Ick.
LOL what. omg. The official 'Wendy's' Verified account tweeted me. I can't even fathom my feelings right now.
You have to think anyway, so why not think big?
Pain is weakness leaving the body.
“How am I going to live today in order to create the tomorrow I'm committed to?” #Anthony Robbin
#snOMG no prob ... but embarrassingly had to google
Yay!! Can't wait to see pics! (; : Going 2an event tonight! Getting my hair done by Kelsey then face beaten down.
yeah no problem, hope you like it! =)
Looking for a new acting agency....these people are slackin'
SO 12 HOURS AGO RT O ok. I got HOE for u
lol Yeah we only have a 140 character limit on twitter. We can go on for days.
I am surprised to read you eat beef, chicken & turkey when regaining gut balance, tho it's about knowing your body.
ROSY YOU HORRIBLE CO OWNER :p haha we all suck
I want to meet crazy wild women who love cocaine & then will get nude on command and service my junk
Standing ovation from about 100 people in airport as WWII honor flight arrives in Baltimore. Vets clearly moved by it.
cruising down 880.
Dreading today.
Good morning!!!!
Gonna have a smile on my face tonight when will have clinched their playoff birth after we beat the Cavs
Our starting menu is pretty much set, with local vendors, local causes, and local heart ready to hit Downtown Denver. Waiting on you now...
Day off from work, up like I got something to do.
You got it!!
Aprx 118 Acres, 15,000 trees, with millions of gallons of water, avocados, pomegranate, figs, guavas, mulberries. San Diego County
Performing at Trees in Dallas 4/27 #Mickey Avalon
it's worth a view. the wonders of the interweb.
love ur songs "Swag it Out" & "Something to Dance For", wish I could dance like u.
Wow if you are not here at CREAM you truly missed out: VJ Sterling, KDP, Scottsdale Nights, and AZ PartyLife Productions all under on roof..
Some things take more than one day to complete: On day 2 of my Ministry re-connect.
More than 300 rainbow-covered queer folks marched silently through downtown Oshawa April 18 to protest a homophobic rant in a local paper
LMAO that was so classic, though!
After improperly excavating the remains of more than 100 people who were buried at the first cemetery in El Pueblo de Los Angeles, next...
so tired after softball practice:/
Ran 5.5 miles this morning on the horse trails with 2 great friends.
for some reason the idea of drinking is fun, but the actual drinking never lives up to the hype.
Today is my #someday will follow me? #neversaynever right? 5
i'm a historian too. the mark of a great historian is original interpretation - not something we teach in our schools.
I seem only able to take vacations to the north.
They just started the show, you still got time to get here, Get Here, Haan...
My therapist tried giving me tips on hot NOT to pass judgment... Shit don't work! #seriously #getittogether #iswear dumb bitch -__-
Haha greatest show
The people you love the most always disappoint you the most. They become the people that you hate the most.
Jesus is NOT a Facebook status. He's not looking 4 a casual "like". His presence demands our complete and wholehearted love & devotion.
Heading to my screening of "Death Comes" down at USC! It's going to be great! Hope to see you there!
Rollin to Bristol from OHIO...is there an underground tunnel/walkway to get to the pits??
Breaking up with your Chinese girlfriend because there's sum ting wong. lolol.
Muffuletta, Tin Roof, Jackson Square, slight breeze and brass in the distance.
That's such a lovely, thick Long Island accent you have ma'am and the lip smacking with gum, delightful.
LAST DAY! Peanut Butter Island Burger: chuck patty, lettuce, creamy PB, pickled cucumber & mango, cheddar & spam!
Not sore at all. Have you seen these traps?
Hey hey how was last nite. Still gotta me ur boo!
Attended premiere of The Road Back Home at Harkins 101. Will debut on Channel 12 in Arizona May 31 at 7pm. I was a stand-in in the doc.
That blackberry joke on the last podcast was absolutely hilarious
Hey San Diego... Set your TiVo for Channel 6 on Thursday. Want to know how lasers can help you? Check out SD Living at 9AM!
YES-Something worth watching! - John Stewart to host famed primatologist Dr. Jane Goodall! Classy choice, guys!
ED,EDD,and EDDY!!
I love wine as much as the next person but Oh MY Goodness hot yoga makes me feel SO good, focused, beautiful, strong and brave..
I'd rather be a failure at something I enjoy than a success at something I hate. -George Burns
Okay sounds good.
Wow.... God your amazing!!!!
I NEVER DO THIS!!!!!! But F everyone else- do what makes you happy! People are just haters- i love ya Lin! Lots of people do!
Jerry u r amazing! Thank you for the resources!
that was quick... RT : Democrat Bob Kerrey's first television ads will run today. It's a substantial buy.
Probably far less successful than King James's efforts to execute witches...
LOL..ITS OKAY
i've been doing for 8 months, but it was never more enjoyable than doing it this morning in miami.
that's the BART station I always go to! OMG
Lol idk maybe after I finish law school. We probably won't be friends that long though.
Doug Glanville and Mark Mulder think the White Sox will be decent this year. That's cute.
The weekend went super fast, at least I got to have a little fun.
fitting quote for tax week. Great D12 mtg @ AFCH last week, more tours will come of it!
I love you. Here's to maximum income for you, with minimum clean up fees.
I haven't talked to in days I'm not used to this.. lol
I LOVE YOU SFM!!! YOU ARE A FLAW FREE LEGEND!!!
Doesn't look like American is doing the free holiday in-flight Internet. And I'm OK with that. Sleep might be a good alternative.
Happy Birthday !!! Good luck at your portfolio review!!!
Thanks for the follow, Mr. Mayor! Special Olympics Oregon appreciates your support.
Anytime! Happy to share info about your great programs.
TRAFFIC ALERT: Crash EB Beltline between Rimrock and John Nolen. Use caution in that area.
both but more street lately
noo hahah i was just maybe going to go to workout!
I wish Zusi would bring the beard back
aww! Can't wait to see it!
Alright....we want to know what you guys think...Giants or Patriots?
We're looking for #success stories from any of our #networking events. Have one? Tell us about it and you could be featured on our website!
On my best days, I never homo as hard as , , and hetero.
Your dress. Oh Yes!
Sent over a DM, sorry to hear about your issues. We will work hard to remedy the situation.
Chama Tap Room now. Was at I'll Vic Canteen.
I thought this account was NFL32 not MLB32
Manning should have retired gracefully, given his physical issues. Not like Joe Montana or Bret Favre, please! Excitement ahead?
Yeah, but those minorities have been brainwashed, don't you know? Haha!
tracking DH, rise of adjuncts, open access, ebooks, higher ed bubble, augmented reality, economic stresses, & more
wah! I'm a night owl if that helps at all! Or i'll wake up super duper early. It's just I also have one last gift to give you!
Henny wit the brew on the side RT The real highlight of this game: Hennessey and Coke
| what is your fav track so far?
wasn't mine either till I saw a nascar race live. Live its the most exciting sport to watch imo...
You bring up a great point. Wasn't she considered for a TV show awhile back?
Now that Halloween has reached maximum tartiness, the trampification of St. Patrick's Day appears to be underway.
I think its time to nap
I did, Brenden. Thanks!
1st day on the new job with One down, lots to look forward to!
Agnes Gund pays tribute to for her early art classes.
Thank you Karen, it was great to meet you and the IJM team the other day. Grace and peace.
I dream because there is no other way I could see it happen
SORRY THATT WAS MY FRIEND!
I'm not even 20 yet and that makes me feel old.
yeah I have "If U Still Love Me".. the music is played randomly though so I can't play it for you. I don't control it.
•The term Cop comes from Constable on Patrol, which is a term used in England
wow ok Maddy
Twisted VIX-ter...rally or 15% decline in S&P?
I hate Starbucks
Hey Carrie, they are audio recording it and it will be available in the registrars office...live streaming starting next year!
A painting is like a novel in demanding and deserving an extended, noninstantaneous reading. – David Lubin, art historian
I hate how people fall for celebs & other terms like that and when they end up dating or liking someone everyones heart gets broken and (c)
I'm your dumb friend
LOL when my account starts flowing again I'll buy a membership
would love a link to your prezi from #tedxhuntsville as an example for
how is equit used in pittsburgh public schools
I was happy to share, but thank They really know their stuff. And thanks for sharing these videos.
Upping the training sessions. These 12am workouts are gonna be trying and rough. But I need this. Here goes nothing.
Getting ready to head to go see a Dr about my knee, should be fun. Have a great day!! ;-))
donating hundreds of lbs of fresh produce like zucchinis, broccoli, rainbow swiss chard, squash, kale, and bok choy to the SF Food Bank,
I have to be late on this one. The Gerald Green alley was ridiculous. #nbajam type dunk... Had to replay it 5 times...
RT : You don’t have to accept the invitation to get angry. Instead, practice forgiveness, empathy and encouragement.
Anyone that plays JJ Cale on the jukebox know what's up.
as a model who has dealt with the wrath of beauty stereotypes i must say you have unequivocally inspired me with your story..
pretty much.
you in London for the Olympics
THREE WITCHES LOVESPELL at C and O tomorrow night. I bought a lot of candy and these things called records to celebrate VD EVE.
Im leaving the beach tomorrow . Lol
OMG I'm sorry Justin I just saw I typed Collin :(
GOING TO GET TACO BELL..... FUCK IT
i dont even know who all i got left to do features for honestly... they'll get done tho
u know what i mean. and he is following me.. just stop. kay? ur the one making me mad. im just protecting my self
Im so bired dont rven know what im doing for easter
I will! Promise. Haha.
All the luck and love to chris doheny and his family today
"Hah" is what people have always said, since way before the IM'ers invented "LOL".
is such a fugging LOSER (:
this why I try not to slander teams like lakers or OKC, cuz the heat should be so much better then they are smh
wait Pink Floyd is playing at warped D:
Hate to drink run but see you Friday morn ladies
yeah I can't...but if i could, I wouldn't!!!!
resist the temptation
Goodnight! :) <3 GRAND day!
ALL MAYWEATHER FANS!!!!!!!! BEWARE!!!! Tonight is the UPSET NIGHT!
Hey China. What's up? It's ya buddy Alexander, from Formspring
Baby we can go nowhere but up. <3
it's gonna be a bitch but i'll make it happen somehow. next month shall be the start of something very epic & unexpected. observe & listen.
Are you familiar with filmmaker Pat Mire? Does good work!
I actually have a really good idea for netflix ad campaign.
Wonder who goes home tonight
All my life i've been good but now i'm thinking what the hell
Since everybody on bs tonite im on ps3 .. Partee313 on psn
Nebraska has quit!
If you manage a commercial web software package, and you still don't support Chrome, what the hell are we paying you for, again?
he is the best to ever okay tho so idk.
Getting my run on
Ha. True. Saw your update about the theater evacuation.. Did they start the movie over?
Opposite of my family. Guarantee my dad'll be serving me coffee mocha chip ice cream within 9 min of me walking through the door.
your up 2. I got AP and jets d. You got forte.
Ha, very true. Let's just hope we can grab this 3rd out, definitely would take some pressure off.
Eyelet You Look dress. Kickin Up Dust dress. HoeDown Holiday dress.
Madden 95' is where its at. HB toss sweep!
Finished typing my first "Guest Column" 4 blog. Intricate weave of compassion and pathos -- and yes, a murderous orangutan.
Some of the things my girlfriend says.. Unbelievable
Spring Break for VB Schools is April 9-13. Schedule your child's cleaning appointment now and avoid missing class! 757-486-4880.
Screw you super moon, day after super moon is so much better.
Free twitter promotion on the url on my page. Works great for all networks. Try it. BTW, follow 4 follow? :)
Congratulations to Cincinnati, my graduate and law school alma mater, and good luck in the Sugar Bowl.
omw home to check it out
is acid reflux disease a sexually transmitted disease? if so, i caught it from my boyfriend.
Many thanks to for the RT! That's awesome, guys!!
Thanx for nothing but a spin job! Yet another disappointment - This loser deal IS something to CRY about!
not yet but we will let you know
Kids day 2morrow Park. Should be a great game to wrap up a four game series against the Dbacks! Can you say Diamond Club ?
going to my grandmas.(:
: Its funny I stop smoking four days ago, its hard when you live with smokers you know...but I hope we can stay in track...
Step into the 90's Bip. Chicks dig The Gap.
"Silence is one of the hardest arguments to refute."
let's see how this goes...watching say yes to the dress after I got my wedding dress.
Thanks for notifying about my tweet! Seriously, though, #Sears is doing a great job. Friendly employees too.
We'll let her know!
You think that she all yours lol that's what you think
commeee on you know i love you guys
Anyone needing studio time, photos or videos or all three get at me we got some great package deals going
run Jamie run now ;)
I know, it suckkksss >.<
We are hosting a "crafternoon" tomorrow with volunteers to make decorations for Spring For The Arts!
On my long list of #edui todo's I just crossed off an item that simply said "cheeseburgers". And no that's not what we're serving for lunch.
i love when people say things like, "your going to be famous one day..watch" or "i can picture you on a huge stage performing" c: <33
I'm not talking about you anymore, meanie. ;)
I hate you. Thought id let you know.
Hey everyone go listen to
I love diggy new albulm its the best
Heading out to see documentary "Jiro Dreams of Sushi" -- Rainy day Tea session first though. High mountain Oolong...
On my way! Is it on the assignment desk, or in the kitchen? Oh never mind ... I'll find it! :)
I like the way you think BigEZ
No one Wants to be in the picnik college for Austin ?
Grateful to my mom for house-sitting while I read & walk along the Lake in MI.
I wish! But he's obvi my favorite president!
#ThingsIReallyCantStand Breathe Carolinas new album. like wtf is this? no. go back to old bc..
Get some red bull we r going into 3ot!!!!
I think a good way to say- we often make slums back or white, great or terrible. they are all of it together
yeah, like 10min or under!
Hey hey KZoo!!! We're on or way!
like a fish!
Love is something I don't look for .
Concluding a long and excellent day with Young the Giant and GroupLove at Cain's
oh really?
you are incredibly talented!
I surrender cold & flu season. You win.
- Thanks Darcy, come on up. The ice is nearly gone for the season.
thanks so much for the mention:)
o to the kitchen, opens the refrigerator and grab a yogurt .. Ok not! love you Nicolette x)
Don't go for the smaller size suit if you can't stomach the size. Instead go for the smaller meal portion.
It's Sarah Michelle Gellar! Bring Back Ringer
Active Park Assist is also the first system to operate in uphill parking situations
Bad start 2 day: forgot breakfast and book for bus, and sent sick kids to school.
RT: Save the date for #QUASH2012 benefitting Want to participate or sponsor? Let me know!
Holy fuck, shut up.
I guess... He sounds like a whiny chubby white kid from the burbs... Over some of the greatest beats $ can buy
Thinkin bout buying a new bike Cannondale Quick CX-2 hm would like to take it out for spin first. ;-)
How much did you lose and how fast did you lose it?
Smoke Grin - Cannabis has a way of making you smile and so will this Smokin Grin t-shirt
Big Head Todd & The Monsters sure do get it right most of the time. The guitar in "Tomorrow Never Comes" is just damn good.
Plus he has weakness in both hands. So i'll ask during our next session.
S/o to my newest follow.
I'm just gonna go home, get in bed, and never come out.
im liking the word "6oooooo6" thanks to my cousins =))
Whenever someone calls me ugly, I get super sad and hug them because I know life is really, really tough for the visually impaired.
thinks the latest MS ad is not bad...
I'll talk #SeaWorld "stay-cation" ideas on Great Day SA's Trip on a Tankful as well as Spy Kids 4 red carpet scoop. Tune in at 9 on #KENS 5
I share you share yes?
What is intersting to me is how convinved each side of the health care debate is that their side will triumph in SCOTUS.
#happymammasday to all the beautiful women with kids &with out one! We men R glad to have you apart of our livesThank for putting up with us
Big day with LCR yesterday. New season is looking to be VERY exciting!
Better Scorer Paul Pierce or J. Harden? Why? Respond with
Join us tonight for our #smallbizpgh #twitterchat at 7 pm.
i will be surprised if i read a novel this year that moves me more then graham swift's wish you were here. (out in april.)
Don't forget about our weekly #MNF contest: correctly guess the score of tonight's game between the Jets & Dolphins for a free #Scorzie!
Host of Sweet Genius to star as head monster in The Descent 2- says me...
I really have never been one who feels the need to be partnered up. I am not on some secret mission for a relationship. I'm happy solo
started watching that show on Netflix last month. Finished the whole season within weeks. Cross had the best character!
Time to hit the sheets its been fun while it lasted. Tomorrow is Another day to come. Gdn sweet-dreams.
I love my girl an ant shit on my page to show that I dont or im out hea bogus
Happy Monday, Pat!!! Hope you had a good weekend...good to see you here!
And I always make it harder for whoever coming next
You are quite possibly the dumbest #GOP #troll I've ever had the displeasure of tweeting with
I was just on Simsimi, and I said Hope. And it said to follow you. xD Very strange...but I thought I should. Follow back? :D Ty
gonna find me some followers <333
I wrote a song about war.
I've been incredibly mean today.
#dmv follow what it is my g...
Made it home . Still irked with the outcome today
never I hate that place and everyone that lives there including you hehe jk...not too sure but soon!
There are certainly people out there more qualified than me to give writing advice, but think deeply about how pieces fit together in story.
“: that's pretty hilarious.” why thank you. Mark Sanchez is pretty hilarious to watch. I'm having a great time.
its all good baby yall be back next year ya digg!
"If they have good intentions, they'll always come back."
Mac n cheese and the Neverending Story
I registered a few days ago, got the discounted rate! Looking forward to some of the events
#808Pride dont watse ur time trying to be good at something u dont lime to make ur parents feel do wjat i did n do what u love DANCE
You must live in the present, launch yourself on every wave, find your eternity in each moment. Henry David Thoreau/RT
Friday, Friday, Fridaay!
RT : Any guesses on how many ppl exp #homelessness in #rva who said they were on FB or Twitter during our last survey?
My favorite part of twitter is reading and 's arguements
Idalia EP release at the Legion Hall Tonight!!! come out doors at 5:30pm
Thanks for following!
Would I get into these colleges with these grades/extracurriculars?
dear god why do i have that rihanna song stuck in my head... please make it stop, please
I would never eat a BLT. Who likes tomatoes anyway?
lmao you a fool my nigga got 2 new peace a steals lol
of one of my own projects.
so wait what's the song to be rumored one of 1D's new song ? i see people post about it i missed 1O minutes now i missed everything :\
that doesnt make since, doctors have shitty handwriting.
I've said it before, Soriano has been a bust since coming to the
#Str8LykeDes... You still talking bout back but nigga I'm in the future goin inn...
It's Friday.
Add so I can DM you the Facebook group link. Hotel coordination Rideshare stuff.
Inspired, inspired, astounded and inspired by Judith Ivey's performance as Amanda Wingfield.
Dear guys who think it's ok to steer uncooperative women by the upper arm: let's fight. Sincerely, me.
We won our +10 Units Last Night. What a game! Stolen Base 2.0 Today is the play of the day!
whenever u touch back down!
Closing 10+ browser tabs devoted to sushi. Back to work!
Just laugh at yourself and leave me & everyone else on FB out of it.
Thanks. I'm not sure if they do groups anymore.
wow that's awesome. My birthday is in June but all my money is wrapped up in tech classes
really digging the polka dots with the blue boots
Out 4 Some Hours.G.F.B. 4 Life.
Hey thanks for the #atthack Palo Alto RSVP! Welcome & let us know of any Q's :)
Have you ever REALLY looked into Hulk Hogan's eyes? He's crazy.
Congrats on your meeting with ! woo hoo!!
Can I Please get A Hello Gorgeous? or I Love You Brianna?(: Please Make my Dream Come True! I Love You So Much :/</3
Found Mommie Dearest in Globe.
A better version "Henrik Lundquivst, he's so cool, when he goes to bed, sheep count him"
RT : “It’s not about time, it’s about choices. How are you spending your choices?” ~ Beverly Adamo
Thank you to , and Carley from . you all did great!
“: A hot tub would be glorious right about now.” I agree!!
A big thanks to all who attended Tue's first Visual Culture Conf. meeting. Spread the word. Our next meeting is Thrs, 1/26
It's five o'clock somewhere
Best weather ever
thanks. good suggestion. We use theories ouside of lit in lit why not tools outside of dh in dh?
ice cream and cake and cake/ice cream and cake and cake/ice cream and cake do the ice cream and cake
ah nice one! Let me know if #FlipGates needs a sax player!
story of my life.
I will...I'll slap him up a little. Then you come and abuse him.
Thanks for the #FF : )
dude we needa print the thing
word..been playin shows n workin on settin up this #Cohesia event..tryin to link up on a collab with you on a song or shirt soon
We can do anything we want as long as we stick to it long enough. -Helen Keller
I need music as much as I need oxygen.
it's practivally abuse if you ignore it...
#RIP Angelo Dundee.. True boxing royalty.. From an era when boxing mattered..
I did both of those things and wen I watched the video I was Cryin cuz my cousin also has CF it was very hard 4 me not 2 cry
really ? Want a cookie (:
Paraphrasing, of course but when I read it, that's how I felt!
Can't believe my big brother would be 29 today. #sleepwellmyangel #missyou <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2> #happybirthday <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0088>
Fun game last night at home. Took the loss but saw some quality play out of a young team against a good football team (TEX TECH) Woof, woof!
thanks for an amazing laugh. Great show.
WTF was Mark thinking? Obviously not of his son who gets a second chance!!!
Thanks for the shout out! It's way too nice to be cooped up in a weird house museum.
The Savior has risen today! Have a blessed Easter
Legitimately cannot decide if I would rather go on spring break or go to Bruce
fuck you in the face
as a person who trusts absolutely no one i have to agree. He was so brilliant, god bless his soul.
RT : for those who want to help beta test the Playd app. get it on the iOS store now. Send all issues and feedback to...
When you do check it out, please let us know what you think.
You have LOADS of talent!
What am i gonna do with my life? Succeed. That's the only thing i can guarantee
why thank you! Me too! Panting at the moment but I'll be fine lol
the greatest thing you'll ever learn is just to love and be loved in return.
Show measurability of a sustainable program! RT QUESTION OF THE DAY: How do you get social media buy in from your executive team?
If I come to NY Me & the homie rapping Spitta "Airborne Aquarium" while drunk
If your library "bans" Fifty Shades of Grey AND carries books by Zane ...Houston, you have a problem AND no leg to stand on...
it's cold out:(
my mom is molding you in her image.
Time to #PunchIn ... Be about your money mane!!
It's like the old adage: An ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure. Although I think that ratio is a bit conservative.
THAT WAS A GOOD LAUGH
Apparently they're opening a woman's unit at BHD, but not a secure ward for the violent patients. This helps how?
Anyone else wish there were like 50 more books in the Hunger Games series? Me too
Hi, Cheeky, and thank you, Onmilo! I like talking a lot, celery leaves, and fresh millet. How about you?
allways a good day
Amen to that!
#omniture release disrupting our training session! the nerve! :)
Black Eyed Peas look like oversized lite brites.
TGIF have a good weekend everyone
I believe Sam Cooke might be my new favorite singer of all-time.
…But no real incentive to move "home". Plus, hands up for who lives in a city & country not run (well, for now) by a right wing xenophobe! <U+261D>
Performing the Ravel Piano Trio tonight with the Norfolk Chamber Consort at Old Dominion University, Chandler Hall :30pm
Good Morning & Happy Mothers Day to all of the Mothers on my TL
RT I wish I was a ginger.
TL is FB.. Not Hatin just sayin puffers is usually hit or miss
:D Of course.
Good Morning twitlings!
Yo anyone want to hit up galveston today with me and some friends?
It's a nice film.
No Granger, No Hibbert, no problem. It's just Detroit.
I see him as a #3...nice size/length and last night showed how skilled he is.
The Monday work day is almost over! Woo!
I'm tired af. Goodnight. (:
jp hit me up, not the other way around
I know some people eschew labels, but I am so grateful I twitterknow so many ppl atteading #ReasonRally. Wish my family could be there!
I like big butts and I can not lie.
As we know from his statements on the port, numbers are not Filner's strong suit
Good morning
Cruising with my love
Those kinds of staging opportunities are what attracts me to site specific performance.
#DesperateHousewives is the best show ever. I think I may cry when it ends
We love our job!
awesome article. scary I hope not to meet any of those who's tweets you mentioned especially with guns in their hands
congrats! Loved the feature and you looked great. Plus who knew Emeryville was such a hot spot.
Man what a great day!
#comedy going down at !!!
If you think your missing a better opportunity by waiting on me....?
So true! “: You have finally arrived President Snow. I can smell the blood on your lips.
"let me in" very good movie i liked it time for sleep
Gotta catch up on #Boardewalk Empire
:D Woot! Glad I could help? xD
Peter got his first John Deer tractor from his grandpa. He loves it. He drives it like a maniac!
me like
I dont think it came i think it was something for my moms salon :(
I wish! lmao
Oh please excuse me while I laugh my ass off.
it's late, but kyrie irving
Join us for our Winter Documentary Series on Wed..."Where Soldiers Come From" will be showing in the Rines at 5:30p. Discussion to follow!
Do you love it?
hahah that was my stupid phone!(x and sophomore(:
I saw u at the poo u were swimming <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+008A>
Rahsaan Patterson - Wines & Sprits - Feels Good
you here on cam4 also honey??? wish you closer NY also
Moody's: Ford And GM Can Thank The UAW For Their Latest Upgrades (F, GM) via
I think weds at the usual...4 pm. That should be fine.
Happy Mother's Day to all the great moms out there!
So if Austin's LA concert is June 24, that means he'll be leaving pretty soon after the NY concert. That's fine, I'll have met him already.
My brain is just a jellyfish in the ocean of my head.
Thanks for the RT. Hope you're having a fine evening.
Typical Google. For full +1, you need to install an extension? I wonder what % of the population even know what an extension is.
I like the drawing one.
just watched #Neverlution ... you must come to
Has anyone herd the News Clhoe Kardashian is really not!,,,,!! herd that on Ricky Smiley morning show .....they all fd up
I think it's time for companies to stop using letters in their 800 #'s. I'm constantly googling "telephone keypad."
I do enjoy some fine Chilean vino!
1st announcement: Playing more gigs w/Rock Legend Joe Lynn Turner: Fri May 18 @ Dingbatz NJ & Sat May 19 @ Club Loaded NY.
Ask your pendulum if you were an ET during one or more of your past lives.
Hallmark Card: As the days go by, I think of how lucky I am that you're not here to ruin it for me
"I am women, hear me roar" - Helen Reddy. Happy International Women's Day!
#fallinginreverse 's new album is amazing <3
Happy Birthday This makes me sad everyone's growing up so fast I hope you don't change, Stay strong & Grand Wish you the best
Nah thats yours. ;p
good luck with finals...don't miss that fun time can't wait to see lists
NOPE! but hi annabelle :) i still have my old one. i made this one like 40 minutes ago lol
#edcocp Misconception: SNA/Network analysis is too hard for "regular" people to use. Tools, like NodeXL and Gephi are easy now.
I figured there were some pilot-air-traffic-controller-librarians out there in the mix.
if only closed minds came with closed mouths.
Thanks!!! And yes, please!!! :) RT: congratulations! Celebratory coffee...
yes. Both wrists
Chase, when will you ever move on? She treats you like crap but yet you still talk to her..
Today one of the university librarians told me she has seen me a "bajillion times"...
Cant wait to hear what you thinks about "You Came Back!"
meet my new tweeps: , ,
Tia and I have a spring dance at our school dance tonight! :D -izzy
Burton J rules in GHSP Inc. v. AB Electronic Ltd. case involving a battle of forms between C and D's conditions: [2010] EWHC 1828 (Comm).
House of the Rising Sun <333
But you are such a conformist.... Weird.
that's disgusting!!!!! we're never going again! Oh my god!!
No way McGehee makes that throw.
Happy All You Can Eat Wings Night, Lube Nation! Do you like to mix up sauce flavors or stick with just one?
What a great day :)
yeah I guess. Call me for the 30 and up crowd lol!
My hair lady had to reschedule from tmr to Tuesday. Rah...1 more week <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E> I'm going into hiding<U+270C>
RT : #wizards just released statement officially announcing that Ernie Grunfeld will be back to continue the rebuilding efforts
what we talk about when we talk about arts councils.
haha it was :D thats what I first thought when I followed you(x
Don't forget to follow the Band Of The Year competition for updates!
haha. What makes you say that ?
We're having SO MUCH FUN THIS YEAR. So, what's moved you this year ????
Entirely too much fun being had by all.
Tebow will throw for at least 700 yards today and then he will ride home in an alien spacecraft.
So much to do.
wow, was it really photoshop's 20th birthday on Friday? still have a copy of 4.0 somewhere around here.
What's your number again!? I'm guessing you're going? c:
Warren St.John, "Outcasts United, kicks off statewide read at Balt
nothing better.
also shaped like Imessage
Watching Coachella live on youtube... is killin it with a boot on as well. Inspiring stuff.
Ladies and gents - let's welcome to Minneapolis FRIDAY June 1st ! Oh we're TOO excited for this one!
aw so agreed! That was me 9 hours ago lol.
Thanks for RT!!
Who is the best NBA player without tattoos?
we're always on twitter at the same time ((~:
my milkshake used to bring all the boys to the yard.....then I napalmed those motherfuckers.....fuck milkshakes
Panelists Call For Alternative Plans for NYU 2031 Expansion
Thanks for the RT, dear I am always happy to be the receptacle of your attention & support. ;0
That was one delicious BBQ'd steak, brn rice n steamed veg's. perfect dinr. not 2 much food. feel great! whats on yur plate?!
I guess Castro didn't want to even try to get a hit....silly
And who else remember the Kim kardashian Sextape ? -- Most Funniest Man ()
"Visitors to #Indy and friends from the neighborhood have found a comfortable seat at The Milano Inn, now in its 8th decade of business."
OH I ONLY WISH THE AMAZING AUSTIN MAHONE WOULD CALL ME <3
Thanks and Hit and Miss Ice Cream for getting your apps in! Your spot is secured!
What artist is fairly new to the music scene that you like that should have more fans? I'd like to hear!
TRAFFIC update: WB Belt @ Gammon Rd. Semi rollover, blocking the left lane. Backups to John Nolen Dr.
Im so tired of chuck e cheese...my babys bday is n almost 2wks he gon be two..im thinkn a bbq at the park
EVERYBODY YOU NEED TO CHECK OUT BEATS ARE RAW!
We're opening on Weds! Check us out -- fun stuff for bachelorettes, bridal showers, etc. Maybe even a proposal? :)
Timbers game tonight!
you're my best little twitter sister hun :) i love you so much
were the ones with balls at the heels striped?
yea if they grow into it! but don't act like you have been all along.
I thought congress voted down the 4th amendment a while back
Congratulations friend!
When you’re sleep-deprived, blood flow slows, leading to dark circles. Plus, your eyes and surrounding skin may get dry and irritated.
Another cover the night!
Damn, France is giving England quite a few scares here in the closing minutes.
Happy #Friday Everyone :)
headed to the practice rooms to record skyscraper right now. :) should be only a few hours!
hot soup and crackers are the best!
why would you??
CB easily....I mean geez I heard one of our DB's is actually dating Betty White at the moment so come on!
I could be surrounded by a sea of people, and still feel all alone. Then I think of you.
your so beautiful and talented follow me :)
I sent 2 in the last 5y, I like that there's a free solution for that. They also have a cool document signature feature
This chicken ima about to eat.... ohh yes
's mine #teambreezy bitch!!!
The awkward moment when your walking a dog and it has to take a shit and realize you don't have a poop bag.
Try and find a movie called "Buck", really good !
you look cute. :)
Great tip! RT Look in the mirror and tell yourself how beautiful you are and believe it!
25 CHEESE FILLED MIRACLES OF TASTE
How do I explain that "percentage of Web pages compliant" does not necessarily indicate #a11y? That this is not an on/off thing?
If you smoke weed idgaf you still my nigga,just know I won't participate
I have no doubt your A Game will be brought. Can't wait!
Damn I just got jay-z lucifer on pandora it's been like forever since I heard it
lolz nope. I need new strings
get used to this time difference
Imma knock Day Day ass out lol
#FF Makin' it happen! Nov 2012 Baby. BRING IT! #Patriots!
And I missed him didn't I
in a good mood :))) yeeeee.
Congratulations to Rachel C. from Dickinson, TX for winning a free #nuvoh2O salt-less water softener! Rachel entered at the Houston Show.
Fabulous! MT : I have a son, not a daughter for a composer, and I salute him for programming women every concert.
RT I only check my voicemail when I get tired of seeing <U+E211>
updated my website www.janebackes.com
We can send PD IAP on the artist Godz Messenger
the president must have been listening to your show.
I say it depends on the context and the joke itself.
you do so much for us! Haha ! Cant wait to hear it!
PS we have an #AFT surprise for you tomorrow... Stay tuned!
Happy Labor Day Weekend. Enjoy America's Finest Weather in SUNNY SD! Off to hike Torrey Pines with the fam...
Happy New Year fam!
Shouts out to the guy blasting music and talking loudly to himself in the library when everyone is trying to study
follow request good morning I'll RT/ you to all my followers
Drinking a coffee and writing a song about coffee. I'M SUCH A CLEVER SONGWRITER! -Jim
thanks for the shoutouts all the way from the UK
Oh sweet heaven>.< I ran out of creamer yesterday and walked to super A and got over-excited and bought like 4 :P
Yes. He collapsed during a talk, apparently.
I'm getting some good advice from local PR professionals.
glad you enjoyed it!!
my cat gave birth...we have 4 kittens c:
Big Oil calls them externalities meaning someone else has to bear the health and #environmental costs of their pollution.
kudos to you
I use a ZerOz wallet! Love it - supported a local business and downsized what I carry around!
I love my Ralph's World cd unfortunately it is scratched and some of the songs skip but I love the fun imaginative lyrics it great for kids
i am...Sue was coming for family reasons, if i remember. am in KW just the 27th-29th. is that where you are?
oh cool! Yeah. So I'll swing by tomorrow to meet you guys and hear his talk!
good point
#APerfectTourLineup Miss May I, OFWGKTA, Kanye and JayZ, N.e.r.d, Veil of Maya
I miss talking to you pequenho Danny <3
Word of mouth is the No. 1 influencer of purchases & is the best invention in the history of commerce says
Check out the Fall Issue of "Black Forest Living" WWW.balackforestremodelandtile.com - Living Page!
October is such a great month!
u bout go to bed to lame
Oops, it was Boston City TV not BNN. Never saw this channel before moving to basic cable.
Fool me once shame on you...fool me twice shame on ME.
In vegas for a short 10 hrs
Is it still Girl Scout Cookie season?
Just got cast in new play, American Pastorela, with New Carpa Theatre.
love Shark Tank. I want to be the guy that screens these companies for you and helps you beat the rest of the panel. Give me a shot?
Stay tuned ... will be in the chamber for severability, will be there for Medicaid. Wish them well.
send me that pictures '!
There are two WI high schools in US News' top 200. Both are : King & ! Next WI HS is 897th.
Tax season = busy season. Did you get your answer? If not, DM me. I am with Franchise Tax Board. Maybe I can help.
Got my first PO Box. Keep #MovinOnUp :)
Thanks for joining us tonight! :)
closed a few years back.
did your student id not work to get the front door unlocked this time?
LADIES WE HAVE NEW STUFF JUST IN FOR YOU... GET HERE ASAP BEFORE ITS GONE!!!
Happy Wednesday Morning!
Join us 10am-Noon on 1450am as we talk the UofL spring game and Reds Baseball with Lance McAllister of ESPN1530 and 700WLW in...
Love that in the middle of January it's 60 degrees outside. Yay Texas!
whoa! French traveler is at today. She's tracing Janis Joplin's life steps & is starting w/ TX!
Dude. Brakes went out on the highway yesterday. At ford getting everything looked at? 2,191.43. I want to die.
sucks to your ass-mar!
I need a vaccine because House Fire's hooks are contagious!
not even the final? Are we looking at MLS live here??
We'll be ready to rock.
when is your show coming back on?
no its not real lol
Flakes getting a lot bigger in Centennial
We can go drive around New York and yell at stray cats,... because I hate cats
I can't believe it's already September! Time is moving too fast!
Shit just got real
True, but no swearing, or sexual talk on RTB. On anything goes.
Ugh. I should've known you'd read that wrong. Perhaps intentionally. Doesn't really matter, though. Adios.
What do you find attractive about me?
When the dog sleeps in my room she finds the most awkward way to sleep on my feet.!
I'm just a careless man's careful daughter <U+2764>
Now we have a baby girl screaming her numbers. Congrats you know how to count but now it's not the time. -.-
me too. Allergy season
dang not you tryna get in on this tho!!
This is me tweeting so that my followers know I'm alive. I'll start tweeting again on April 14th. Ahh I lost +200 followers !!
So ready to get off work.
Peter Bol teaches database design, regular expressions, text mining, GIS in computational methods course for history grad students
ride over the brooklyn bridge. handcuffed in the back of a police car...
Can't wait till they get older <U+2764>
This is still the place that we all call HOME! Great job man. I believe every word of that song!
was a total #Success! Now continue following us to find out what new celebs are signing up
Zero Ted presents live at the Fairmont Pittsburgh....tonight the boilermakers jazz band 7:40-9:30! Dancers welcome!
i love my baby yup yup i love my boy(:
A5: Write down their schedule so they can remember info of arrival and departure and why they are traveling.
A5: 1 goal of #SB46 was to reach folks at their preferred communication channel. Don't need to come to us. We will find you.
TIP OF THE DAY: Never be too personal at a table. There are NO friends at the poker table and NO enemies either. Every pot/chip is valuable.
hells Yes can't wait to see you guys buddy
"baby yes im, addicted to how we kicked it" (if those are the right lyrics lol)
actually i stand corrected.. its running offa their jingle xmpp service... if they opened it up you could use that as a bot
Will do! Heard you guys rocked the Glass Cactus!
Sounds pretty boring of you ask me.
Thank you.. <Zee>
Fantastic! MFA in Creative Writing here, God Bless!
cant wait till #NOV1ST Its going to b amazing <3 <3 Big Love
Hello good friends and neighbors.. this is our first tweet so holler back
Once opened up a Church Thunder Hop and it had a head like that.
Don't forget: our dining room is open till 1am and we deliver until 4am on Saturdays!
Bur-r-r-r-r. Great picture!
Your actions. Dont be surprised if you get boo'd. It's the result of your actions. Sorry for the CJ rant. Needed to explain
Living The Good Life With The Girl I Love:) 4-3-12:))))
Excited I'm home and that I am getting to go watch win the biggest game in Preds history tonight! Let's go Predators!!!
no way.
Facebook friends need not be linked in connections; PopVox allows pseudonyms; data on each is (or can be) distinct/discreet.
Why do people make things so complicated? If you listen first and pay attention to event being collaborative come easily.
#poem Final love when I thought we were just dawning/I told you how you made me feel/you disappeared/left me crying in the face of rain
Alone in the library with no one to watch my stuff if I need to get food or use the restroom.. I need to do both.
Sorry to hear that man. Stinks.
Need to have a "gold count" like on Deadliest Catch: Gold Count: Hoffman Crew 93.5 oz, Dakota Boys 80.4 oz, Parker 34.4 oz
I approve, but only barely.
": Who ever says cramps were necessary should be punched in the throat.. Just saying"
of course we do vegetarian menu that's how the stick course came about
I find myself saying that a lot
"In order to laugh we have to exhale." --
Tax hikes don't stop job growth. Spending cuts do.
dude talking about a sports watch and places he prefers to practice sports . ..
Sorry I blog about eating chocolate. It's important to connect with your followers too
A bit disappointed in myself having to lookup tips to finish levels in Lego Harry Potter
haha yes!!! But actually!!
Wow, thanks for this great message!
So basically you saying you ain't gone never come visit me...
Thx for reminding us!! RT : Finally on my way to #SLA2012. Hope no one throws tomatoes at me during breakout session tomorrow
LOL Yeah might as well at this point.
Had a great day in Ashley's closet :) good dinner tonight for Nana's birthday too!
There are two different ones. One sings On My Mind and the other I forgot:)
rude what about me??
I am always happy... I swuuuuuur.
Listening to Kim Possible <3
there are some acoustic performances from new artists at the ACM Experience in Mandalay's convention space. It's free!
didnt i get to be Ed ayers in class?
*Purpose-driven, Proactive, Win-Win Crap* — the long-awaited new book from Steven Covey! Available in better bookstores today.
we need Jamilah's creative genius
follow me? (:
I don't understand why the family from #ParanormalActivity hasn't just called the #Ghostbusters already. It'd save them so many sequels...
Shameless plug: I'll be playing this Sunday (02/26) at Goodbye Blue Monday In Brooklyn at 9pm. New tunes shall be played!
Hey! How are you?:)
LoL that's not a deal at all!!!! That's what a normal rate for a room is there!!!!
please add a seattle tour! #Bring1DtoSeattle 1
He's wearing a tie. Good boy, Abraham.
Last American Badass rocked! Gotta love the punk rock shows at Two Bit... Culture shock!
Good to know. Maybe I'll have to try that one insteadski. Thanks brotha!
You pick the jam: Which RJ track should we feature as tomorrow's "Song of the Day"???
August 19th in NYC and LA and Kansas City August 15th. Check out the details on www.bornandbredmovie.com
#oracle Tuned a query from 6 minutes down to sub second, bam, that is how you do it
When everyone else you know leaves #NewThrusters and you decide its a good idea to stay
Brokenhearted by Karmin was obviously a rejected Ke$ha song.
Cowboys and Aliens was awesome!
what's up B?! Long time no talk, remember me? Lol
IM NOT A MISOGYNIST... BUT WOMEN CANT EVEN TRUST WOMEN
amazing. Finally! I'll take two ribs
good ol felisha isn't too happy
- Thanks for the recent RTs
Two more days.
Anyone with recs for a senior level marketing/comms/pr person who's plugged into the social innovation space?
'13 Assassins' - a must see. Awesome samurai movie.
haha youre not the first angel fan to take offense to that tweet...hes got a lot of ground to make up i'll say that
Just show the ppl your tweets lol RT : LMAOO IT'S GOIN GOOD SO FAR....I SHALL NOT COMPLAIN
We were meant to live for so much more, Have we lost ourselves?
Leaders must be close enough to relate to others, but far enough ahead to motivate them
#wherewereyou I was downloading software on my new MacBook Pro and at 6:55 my iPhone pinged. It was breaking news from CNN... RIP Steve!
I wish I knew the person who killed Bin Laden so I can personally thank them.
indeed! i caused a hostage situation yesterday..didn't you hear?
“: If plan a doesn’t work, the alphabet has 25 more letters. Keep calm.”
Anytime! Gotta keep our PackerNation up to twitter date!
#KimKWedding , I give it 8 months? Who wants to bet?
been up trying to get ready for work still not feeling all that great today but life is good and can't wait for the next day Happy Thursday!
Finland: They deal with a narrower range of student behaviors than we do in U.S- not as much diversity.
so true!
9 out of 10 times if u grew up between 35th & Sherman north Ave to Lisbon u on some bullshit
Hey guys, our whole ep "Fast Forward To Now" is streaming on our facebook! Check it out!
If you think A-Rod's a tool, he'll be relaxing on a beach by the first Detroit/Texas game instead of freezing on a baseball field.
New phone bitchezzzzz
I'd love to get my hands on a copy of "Rice Ideas Men Like"...
Im rooting for John Cena & CM Punk. Cenanation!!!!
Im so dang hungry
I know haha and she says she isn't an attention whore
“: Is it me...or is Alec Baldwin kind of a silver fox? #idlethimhit” me too.
Police: DNA confirms suspect 'East Coast Rapist'
Lots of things rolling out in the coming weeks and months. Of course we'll continue to update this space as we go!
what you think about Dallas weather?
what does that mean haha
#fourweddings & then going for a run!
You love to hate me.
What's the Vegas line?
aww I'd ask for your autograph & know exactly who you are.
“Be a yardstick of quality. Some people aren't used to an environment where excellence is expected.” -Steve Jobs
Now I want a beef patty...*drool*
My leg hurts D:
You did the heavy lifting & it is already updated on my bio.
Bluey robinson. .. Omg he is so beautifol :-)
You said random trivia! And I was joking about the question. >.> Uhh what states were in the Confederacy?
Whatever you decide, bring plenty of it - looks like he wants 20 mins instead of 10.
Lucy’s League: America’s 1st Women’s Sports Boutique Opened!
There is nothing like a great workout!:)
Congrats! - The B Side
sure. You're always giving me that evil eye. Jk lol
Outside CEO Hires Force CFOs to Flee - Wall Street Journal (blog)
As a TRIBE fan I'm really psyched #Thome is back! #Clevelandrocks Anybody who puts down the midwest clearly has never been there
Where did you go? did you move seats?
Some people think of eternal damnation as fire and brimstone. I think of the California DMV.
whenever you get a chance oovoo me pleasee. jessica.riker
"You have no concept of reality & I can think of no better place than to give you a wake-up call" "Mr. Laurinaitis go puck yourself." - Cena
#socialmedia #synergy is a huge pain in the ass.
Thanks for the RT.
morning meetings then going through all the ASHA information
I know what you mean, but please dont judge a book by its cover. <3
Haircut-everyone there just a little to friendly. U thought I was famous or something
iJust Want You Back.
We were created as a spirit that is pure love.
What's the best deal on BlastoffNetwork.com right now?
I hate when my mom goes out of town for work, I wish she were home...
2/2 justin is my all time favorite male singer I like others but I love him he is such a good role model and so sweet is lucky
Yay! Just text me when you're free and I'll come meet you at Superfine--it's like two blocks from my place.
For the mom who has everything, you can't go wrong with an Earthsavers gift card! - Jackie
Can't wait for this darned election to finish!! Gracious! My 13 year old comes from school fired up like she's campaigning! Talking loud!!!
Wish I had more time for Twitter. Too busy killing video game zombies and customizing my AR-15 for the apocalypse.
We are glad you have now! Let us know if we can do anything for you.
Going to WB's graduation tonight. Congrats to all the seniors!
Yep I knew you would look bitch. Because your man was staring. :p
omg Kimm how have you been! Ive thought about you alot!!
#TheNewWave get bigger everybody welcome to the family.
it looks so weird outside.
Holding my stomach, I drank too much water and I feel like I'm floating away.
Alexander McQueen's 2007-2008 Spring collection is flawless.
And she a Laker fan and she speaking REAL SHIT!!!!
as always, just flawless!
I'm happy with mine and i discuss yours lol
Had a good talk with #oomfs today
YOU ARE OUR RUNNINGBACK!!!
The end is near.....Summer break!
haha exactly. But seriously I need to quit eating crap!!!
Watching the Paris-Roubaix race on - these guys are the very best announcers in all of sporting. Enthusiastic and knowledgeable.
just me kitty and Louie over here...
Talk about a freebie.
haha! How did I miss this?! Lol
ham can be light, actually.
James must win American Idol. He simply must.
Welcome, writing mama!
Great shows tonight! Downtown has and in B Rip its ! 8:30 showtimes! $5 entry w/ ANY college ID! 317-255-4211
same here! Please include me in your 4am email blast. Also, please proof read when hacking my twitter.
Working on a special project later this evening. Hoping for the best :) I know is excited....
only at #uchicago will you get mardi gras celebrated on a Friday. during lent I might add which sucks. BE THERE anyways. FREE FOOD. 9pm Ida
I'm pretty good! How are you love?
Tweeting in French is fun
9 hours to go!
apparently they knew when they shipped that the board wasn't there??? On back order now, but they may not make it anymore.
true life story. this happened to me.
Tell us! What's your favorite item you've found at a Clothing Swap?
BUDDY BUDDY!!!
Merry Christmas I hope it's Legit!(:
That is a great plan! Nothing skipping out early for a round!
I'll never be what you want, i wouldn't change any part of me just to make you stay.
Thanks for the follow!
Thinkin bout ridin to Orlando this weekend
sent an email, let me know if you got it.
watching abcd, i neec to catch up on this season !
"Ooh look a clever tweet! I'll take it and change some words around in it!" Yeah... You better not do that >=P lol
Sluts keep saying "I want a real man, " well respect yourself a little more and maybe you will find him. A real man needs a real woman.
morning(; How are you?? <U+2764><U+2764>
That friend you have that never shuts the fuck up and repeats themselves atleast 10 times a day...
Thanks, bro! salute.
For us two!: "Distance does not matter if two hearts are loyal to one another."(Which is such a true statement for me).
Thanks for the #FF! Have a great weekend!
definitely! be listening for it around 2:15!
RT : If the Sugar Bowl comes down to a last second FG and Myer nails it, I will order and wear a custom jersey of his all...
May the force be with you bitches! :D
We are preparing for the Juerga - TONIGHT! from 7:00pm at the Studio! Bring your shoes, palmas and smiles... It will be a good time.
Oh my god. I give the fuck up.
At the needle and thread. I love a good cocktail. is approaching critical mass.
my brain is thumping....I'm on one
Thx! RT : Now Following - Museum of the African Diaspora's () young professionals organization.
Looks like I'll be in Dublin, Ireland late September through much of October. Interested in hosting a dialect workshop? DM me!
My #Spurs are COOKING on all cylinders right now! Both that Defense and that Offense playing at a high level! COOK, #Spurs! COOK!
Why do black ppl fight over shoes. We have got to do better.
10 yrs ago, #printers said NO WAY to prices online. Vistaprint said YES. #Web2print offers new ways to say YES to print buyers and sales.
Yay, I'm gonna go eat with my cousin and his baby mama :)
Dre and Snoop at coachella are so dope. wish I could be there for that
we're just getting ready for our show tonight !!! Its gonna be
Little kid peeing by the side of a highway: funny. Grown adult peeing by the side of a highway: HILARIOUS.
It's getting very real. i'm going to be a librarian soon!
you know it!!
Forever, all my days, I will love you God.
HELLO TO OUR FIRST 61 FOLLOWERS THANK YOU FOR YOUR SUPPORT WE ARE HERE TO HELP LETS TALK! REMEMBER TO LIVE YOUR LIFE AND LOVE YOURSELF!
same havnt seen u forever u still live down the street
I was in the dungeon today for about a good 4 hours..
I Miss Him :( #NowPlaying---> "Talking To The Moon" By Bruno Mars...
Blame it on the weed, blame it on the booz!
The course The horse, The fooooooorrrccceeee
If you a Heat fan and you gave slander last night but can't take it today...
That's when you just go to Starbucks!
thanks for the FF :)
Spent the day downtown with my dad. Had fun getting lost
Thanks for following! Have an amazing 2012!!!
I'm absolutely crazy about someone I'll never have...
hahaha aye that's mr millers wife
What is the name of Joey Votto's walk-up song? I can't figure it out for the life of me!
I hope you remember our deal!
Going on a trip... Who's coming with me?
In 2010, 610 children younger than 18 were killed in firearm homicides in California.
I left early yesterday too! I feel like someone ran me over lol
If you're hating me, do it honestly.
Hope everyone has a great new decade!
Anybody know any good #nopo events for Cinco de Mayo. let me know?
Also, can we hang out and be temporary best friends, ?
You made that in 2 days? Impressive!
Welcome to oxford property Group, Mike Piazza! Hope you hit a lot of home runs!
Goodnight Stay Beautiful and Inspiring<3
YOU have to be my second follower !!! i cant follow ne one until u follow me !!!!!!
Game time for the finals of the NAIA Baseball National Championship Opening Rd between Point Park and Doane is 7:10 pm ET.
well, welcome to the party :)
show people that the greatest gifts come from the hands of those who have suffered the most.
Brady is making Tebow his bitch
Will there be a Zombie Andy Dufrense in Season 3?
thank you Sir, for the RT!
where are you located? hopefully we can change that : )
if he's not out hitting the links, then he certainly should.
I am in las vegas B*tch!!!!! Waisteeeed!!!!
10mile bike ride. Top gear hill climbs. 40lbs toddler on board.
A BIG thank you to all of my new & seasoned followers! I do so enjoy your tweets.....keep them coming!!
Aww, thank you! We love what we do! Have a great #follow Friday!
I know it's early but for all you White Sox fans who say the Cubs suck. The White Sox are 10-17 and the Cubs are 11-14. Sorry for
NO!!! Call someone else. This is SO far above what you get paid.
oh, god! I don't even remember taking this!
will u beable to tweet in school time??
its 's birthday!!! you know what to do *wink* *wink* (;
You're welcome!
omg you're so helpful with everything! Especially with 1D things! Hope that made sense :p hehe have a good day(:
Next Saturday is Defenderfest. Who will be there?!
most awkward car ride EVER.
6 minutes left and the score is 23-3 for the
Sounds like I'm doing a little better than you are but man it's still rough.
I See You On #106&Park And Boy You Look Good :)) LMAO :)
thanks for giving a shit, most of our stars didn't until this year cuz ofu.I'm looking forward to Nexyr. Got my Road Red Jersey;)
I love Fridays!!
RT : I'm 1/64th Sioux, as far as you know. Now give me tenure at an Ivy League law school.
ah just log from practiced a runwalk show, gosh that tired me out, need to relax
The rats are also reeling from the news of the MTA shutting everything down.
I'm sure I'm late to the game, but OMG is today's Google doodle adorable!!!
What do you need to see to start using eLearning software in your business or classroom?
I tried to text but my phone just won't have that. When can I see you?
Happy birthday hunnie!
[-] that's what days spent agonizing to craft 65 word chunks will get you.
I only count Meredith and Lexi as chicks :-)
Why would he do that?
true we don't and neither does the media but I think we gave up alittle much for a guywho that looks now was gonna be there anyways
Marco Torres, "Now, being global is essential"
RT- Anderson SC Concrete Staining Basement Black Walnut Border w Custom Tile Sawcut Center
is that (turning Pro) true for Meyers Leonard as well?
cool. My schedule is shifting a bit so I might be able to make NAB this year after all.
Welcome ...respect to u too RT : <<----- s/o to my new follower
I enjoy your stories on Danny and agree wholeheartedly - Danny Gokey will win!! I am also not a homeboy.
Thank you for an incredible weekend surrounded by such amazing talented vet/writer peers & great mentors.
Just read the Complex article on I'm so proud to call him my inspiration. The kid is amazing. Sir Justin. ;)
SHOWER TIME
and your really cute :)
I don't even know Hahahaha but yeh
die antwoord is just creepy
Karma is a bitch, and life is its mother.
delayed flights suck ass. i wanna go home :'(
I could shut up if yall just put me by myself naah I would just talk to myself lol
Very excited to be presenting with you at the #FabDC event next Thursday.
Remember when sayin "U ain't bout it bout it"usually meant sOmething was bout 2 happen?
The first thing a girl says when it starts raining: "MY HAIR!"
Oh! So sorry, but glad you're home.
What a crazy afternoon. Can't wait to see my MOM
Good start to Monday Night Raw
Time to paint ma nails blue c:
Guys,please go follow :)
On my FB! Now it's back in it's box, when we get a nice bookshelf I'll have it displayed up top. =D
he's a funny guy!! RT : Who do you think should host the CMT Awards this year?
I had a pen pal in Portugal when i was ten, i always wonder what happened with her.
I am at the NAACP offic in Las Vegas, volunteering. Support your local NAACP chapter.
- Delighted to have you following us. We love to share unique, delicious recipes with the foodie world. A warm welcome!
We've got two extra tix to This American Life Live! on 5/10 just for our twitter followers -- contest to follow!
Wild child run swiftly in the daylight...fade softly in the moonlight...
i hope you like rain!
ugh now THAT would be p o y f e c t t. sigh.
A Serbian Film's US red-banned trailer really did nothing for me. The controversy does not = hype.
agreed, especially American youth.
Who cares... Maybe UW will finally be ranked #25 this week.... For 'One' week....
what the hell XD oh im an idiot XD
It is nice in Houston! Perfect weather for sitting outside!
So you're the reason I never got to try them.
Hehehe have I mentioned how excited I am? XD I'm in spazin mode right about now :3
Two faced people <U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
When police found 22yearold Taylor Jackson hiding near the scene of her wrecked car yesterday morning, they say Jackson made one thing clear
I use the one for closing your legs, tyvm. And yes my hips are sexy for it.
give thanks and praise to the lord and i will feel al right...
what you mean ?
whew ok :D dont want "A Walk To Remember" or "The Last Song" ending haha
Your face is an interesting hypothesis.
When FEAR knocks on your door, tell your FAITH to unlock it!!!!! Hebrews 11:1
nothing much working! whats good with u?
RT : Am I really an asshole?
Thank you for your affirmation.
I love you your awesomee singerr(: and i love your voicee. Keep singing, you'll go far!(:
Up at 615--duh, didn't realize the sun rises so much earlier in Alabama....
IDK how else to express my love for and !!!
May the New Year's Eve bring you joy, and happiness in ways that help you set a very positive tone for 2012. Happy New Year!!!!
Funny when you can tell when someone ripped the album online instead of buying it.
Check this out...More Money More money...WOW!!
Very intriguing programing over at
I really enjoy taking care & helping others. I think this is my calling. :)
Went to a FASHION SHOW
RT : Simmer Down Sound just got a fanpage. ILLumiNati Congo's The Graduate is one of the selectors for this movement.......
how do I reply to that... Uh... #sex #cum #penis #vagina #blowjob #eatmeout #Imsuchaslut ....
Miley Is Not A Bad Girl
Recipe for Sticky Fruity Pudding
spending my night applying for jobs...yay
we should jam together at the show.
Finally some fucking death in Houston tonight... Rose Funeral at Mango's enough said!
You would, paradise.
RT Every piece of soul food you can think of is up in this church! Me and are about to throw down!
don't the coke polar bears after have to pee?
#Str8LykeDes.... Had a long lil talk with my bruda from another mother about some real tuff love shit...
so rude. ahha
Until very recently, scientists did not know what caused brain freezes. Wow.
Ever hear about a lawyer drafting legislation that would have allowed his daddy 2 serve longer as a college board prez?
based world
I did the opposite. All tools for volume. Conditioner, mousse, root lift, round brush. Alas, pin straight.
it was WWI. And they didn't get very far.
thats what im working on right now :P worse class ever..
listen to the rain, listen to the rain hm #insider lol
Hanley with a freaking bombaaaaa
Life ain't easy but somebody gots to live it
Stop brown nosing them,can u get any further up their arses!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Goody two shoes.
dont worry i wont tell anybody lmao i be gettin the same way lol
I got told I was attractive by a female and that we should be together. Lmao
are you ?? So something you could pull off. Whats the latest portland gossip?
The devil is really out to night...
I need talk to my aunt , she's always there to listen to everything ^.^
We think the sun missed the memo to come out of hiding today. How else are we supposed to enjoy patio weather?
Any time my friend. Theme song in the works?
I will be posting jokes telepathically, so if you think of something funny.... that was me.
life is like ice cream you should enjoy it before it melts<3
Yes I love wrestling in Japan more than anywhere else in the world and I learned a bit of Japanese while I was over there!
To confirm - lattes from Mei's Cafe in the lobby of 1 Capitol Mall are AMAZING. Thanks !
Bundle up today, its going to be a chilly one. But don't forget to do something great. Look for an opportunity where you can a difference!
worked on my homework for like three hours! That was alot! Im proud of myself :) yay!
That should be a cocktail in SF
you KILLED it!
-_____- you think you're funny eh?
4-2 #Arsenal. Lovely. Such a Theo goal too. Awful first touch or two, but was only in that great position because of his pace & class finish
Just got in and I miss him already.
., of Real Housewives fame, will be making an appearance 's Grand tasting on 3/2! , thoughts?
Paint a flower pot for Mother's Day! See store for more details!
I really hope printed books survive through out my lifetime because bookstores are one my favorite places in the world
I feel like I am in the Bermuda triangle. is having issues with Wells Fargo. I follow both. Will Earth's poles shift too?
We need a video summit for B2B media. There has to be more than editor interviews at tradeshows.
Arty mom dang
ooh! Imma save u as oon as Im back from breakfast! Im meeting m new step sister. haaha
sad unpacking is the worst!!
What is Alicia Keys doing?
Need dedicated skilled editors, ongoing technical support, startup grant to create critical mass.
childish as HELL! This is ridiculous
"Picking just one athlete doesn't work. You need athletes that span across multiple sports to have an impact." Tony Pace (SUBWAY)
jay I know you mean well but you are a dick. Damn tantalizing pictures.
i just posted it on our blog
that's because the people who need FREX are busy working in Denver.
Makes you wonder what's still down in our ocean's depths.
is following me. hI sAnTa!!
Follow Me.
Lotion came out beautiful, this formula may be the winner, we'll let it sit for a few days & check back.
haha! Thank you!!
Are you trying to start something?
woot! The lovely has some for me to use. After today only 4 left!
scared to watch the pitch to see how fictionalized it is. might catch it on netflix.
Game Is Getting Married To Longtime Girlfriend Compton rapper Game finally put a ring on it.
People who change lanes as if they're taking a hard left turn scare me.
you can get them now at burlington or datavis.com
Are you taking the psychology exam on Monday?
I inspired you to write a sketch?!? How fantastic! (And a first for me!) Would love to hear about it, my dear!
thanks, keep an eye out for the rerecorded versions and new songs!
Plowing through the work at my secret prairie hideout feels good, but I've got #th3 envy nonetheless…
love u always xoxoxox
Our neighbors have transformed our space into a wonderland of fun items! Hope the auction for neighborhood playgarden goes well.
it's all about the mp7 “: What kind of gun do you use in #MW3 ? Do you use a Light machine or a sub machine gun?”
leave it alone I said all there is to say on the matter. Educated or not ur not earning top 1%. Which is my point. B blessed
No? Please? No?
I'm going :) RT : Who wants to see Coldplay tonight at the Rose garden ???
oh okay lol
Aha! Very interesting.
Make sure to listen to Cougar Calls with Bill Moos on Monday at 10 to get a full run down of Cougar Week in Spokane
When I was in school it was always 2 spaces after a period. Still feels wrong to do only 1.
R.I.P. Whitney Houston. She was easily the greatest voice of her generation and it's a shame how her life ended.
wasn't sure if the man was gonna take the muzzle off so scraps could eat lunch. glad he did the right thing.
What? Surely I would never need to do that!
Do you have this thing memorized?!?!
asdfghjkl <3 “: all my girls fans are gorgeous.... yes you(;”
Youll have my full review by nights end RT Get the WI Steak Sandwich. And nothing else. Ever. Okay, maybe the parfait.
thanks for the RT. Is The Citizen widely followed in South Africa? We don't know much about it.
I still haven't gotten used to the fact that not all the Walmarts here are 24hrs....
When a positive experience occurs, take at least 20 seconds to focus on the goodness of that moment.
saving us from the Middle East Oil.
Pair of, pair of, pair of dice! Pair of, pair of, pair of dice! Ooh Ooh Ooooohhhhh
Can't wait for teen wolf season 2
Not even in Indy & Philly... would be terrible... I would watch every game though...
ur posting bout ur night when I'm waking up for work lol happy bday homie
well I think rugby is hot so - and maybe that's the way to go initially as I that is totally diff ya know?
It is a good thing to demand liberty for ourselves and for those who agree with us, but it is a better thing and a rarer thing to give...
Congratulations to Pulsar Award nominees and recipients!!!!!!
What a great day at school i got a ton of birthday wishes! (:
Movie tonight..We Bought a Zoo.
I'm as cool as a penguin ;)
#played tennis today.
Social media is important for your overall SEO goals.
All-you-can-eat birthday sushi got the best of me. Laying on the floor in my sweatpants digesting. Good Sunday.
oh yeah? What's that.
Only about 30 pages left to edit for my 1st novel! Even wrote my synopsis. Getting excited!
Why do you keep saying your ugly? God made you the best way he can. Just accept it
Come enjoy our outside seating for lunch today!
When people only believe there's a God when they need something..
Mississippi (Ole Miss) Rebels 1/4 ' Block ‘M ’ Tie Tac – 10KT Gold Jewelry
Obama penalize Syria & Iran blockin protesters net access Human-rights abuses in his hometown Chicago however OK'd
What you talking about?
I have a year.": #Coachella2013 wknd 1 here we come! Round 2 , hope your ready! "
I can't get this homework done -_____-
Me and Brett will go get Tyler and come see y'all! Haha
that's why I said it -__- I know this lol
because I work way harder than you. I interact people, care about them, try and help to make better and most likely can beat u
Pa. Voter ID Law Faces Legal Challenge - CBS Local
HA! ha!..Kramer passes a stone/makes gymnast lose his balance!
Thanks, Andy!
I could use on of them right about now. #dead arm from pitching today. Massage is really needed lol
Hey, anyone else get their Nokia Lumia 900 yesterday? We did ;) Let's talk about its gorgeousness
Attention Ravens fans: plenty of room on the Orioles 2012 bandwagon. Hop aboard. And bring your wallets.
Just got that presentation out of the way....YEA
Nah, it doesn't suck any wiener. And that's not my fault for your boredom. That's your fault for not having a cure for it. :p
The human spirit needs to accomplish, to achieve, to triumph to be happy." Ben Stein
I seriously can't wait for #CFBlockParty tomorrow! :D
Second chances they never matter, people never change..once a whore, nothing more & i'm sorry that'll never change.
Does anyone know the drunken giraffe? :D
would you be so kind as to follow me?
tired of being on this roller coater ride
No no. Tufte's elegant minimalism has contributed mightily to this phenomenon.
wait I'm just seeing this on my twitter feed... have they really split? #immenselysurprised x
Was taught some very interesting dance moves today! Thanks to Ashley (my insane friend), I now know how to Dougie and Bernie!..lol :P
nope I'll email him today about it though.
RT : Breaking news: Conrad Murray sentenced to 4 years in prison.
Totally got a break from The Big Guy upstairs tonight, no traffic on the commute home! Yes!!!
as always, you rock. Great job on
guy thinks he's captain knots, captain tying knots
Abel is such a good friend.
Somethings gotta give already
Who is your favorite (and least favorite) Basketball Wife?
Keep an eye out for Fremont Street. Pretty soon the trees will be laced w/ lights for the Festival of Lights Dec. 9,
4 horsemen of info-pocalypse: terrorists, pirates, pedophiles, & mafia. If u say ur battling these, u can get away w/ anythng
The Avengers wasn't as good as I thought it was gonna be
"I want to be America's barber!"
Lt. Gov Garcia: "SB15 takes no resources away from CO, from the institutions, or from any other student."
RT : Ken, THIS IS WHAT SEPERATES The boys from the MEN...AND the girls from the WOMEN,LOL...#RoadLife//Love It!!!
GSHL 2A soccer: R.A. Long 3, Woodland 1. Joe Buckley three goals for RAL.
Scratch that, fire was on 9th Street. NOT S. Washington Street.
wow! (includes likes) how lame
We get you noticed online by your target market so you can increase traffic to your __________________."
Only Robinson Crusoe had everything done by Friday. Unknown
Matt Stafford is injured, the #Bears are playing defense, fall is here again, and all is right in the world.
Sleep! It's good for ya
A great week of running! I'm excited to start Week 3. Fingers crossed for good running weather.
Laertius Diogenes~ The mob is the mother of tyrants.
I'm writing about isanyoneup for a paper on online communities. Wanna chat?
Up next BG "Love Letters" columnist takes your questions on the trials & tribulations of The Singles. 1-877-301-8790
The Justice League can own The Avengers.
Ready to be off work
happy thanksgiving n plzzz follow me.
Wuz good my bad I haven't been on my
You drinking drugs??
": likewise hun!!! Enjoy this sat while ill be baking n designing cakes" < now that sounds GOOD!!! I need to check them out!
I've been out of the loop here Please don't tell me I missed out on Bloody's with #bacon tonight
Goose bumps RT If ExileOnMainsteam 6song cd can rock my world imagine what 10-12 new songs is gonna do ......
too bad the guy that looks like Jeff bridges isn't listening to 50 cent really loud. Ultimate best friend.
i miss the sisois family :( I'm excited for Tina to come back for Easter!!!
Haven't you always wanted to try coworking? Well today at NextSpace San Jose you can work for free!
OLA and Happy New Year to you too, Sis! Definitely want to see more of you this year. RT : Happy New Year! OLA!
Pippa Middleton 's Fay Trench Transitions to Winter Weather You know how some girls have the best dresses, and other ladies have a killer
loving this weather<333
Or at least the ones that I used to own as cassette singles.
the electrolytes don't work if you cry them out
That awkward situation when your mom leaves you with the guests and you have nothing to say to them.
yeas maam! They have to move in, like not in the water obvi, but theyre making rooms fo dem
Two more weeks till this show
I have the best mother in the world!! HAppy mothers day!!
Enjoying a pre-Spring Break day off. A foretaste of next week!
gets them all in a world of shit...
what kind of cereal did he get to enjoy?
love this weather
Good luck to you!
No work today! At Deep Eddy Pool with and hott wife! Yeah!
You make beautiful things out of the dark, out of the dust
Tonight I was a bandwagon Bruins hater. I think it's because I grew up on
Welcome back! RT : So very excited to be headed back to Silicon Valley after 7 (seven!) years away. Yep, last visit was for Palm
Twitter you're distracting me from my homework...;c
It's been the longest week ever!
hi lori. Saw more crews out cleaning 490 et al. What is going on? Never seen it to this extent before. Bc of no snow?
Yvette got her cards read today and ugh i want to go so so bad but i have to save that money :|
grab some cool chahckas in my home town :)
in yo room
AMEN SISTAAA .lol omg I can't even *le dead * omg omg
How much would a hitman cost to off 's top?
#fuckit I'll make the customers get them then
After a long day of work, nothing beats coming home to a box of
I got 1,828,295 points while escaping from demon monkeys in Temple Run... catchin up
RT ": "1D doesn't even know you exist." RT if this kills you inside. but you act like you don't care from the outside."
Don't forget that VCs look at where the company would “fit” well into the existing portfolio, filling in gaps from a stage or sector.
RT : so much depends upon a police officer releasing pepper spray to maintain safety.
May the pho-urth be with you. (in the mood for Pho and Starwars)
I wanna go to the beach this weekend with my bay
I am not Jasmine, I am Aladdin.
the guy from workaholics hair is epicly fluffy
I've learned to live without you, but I still miss you sometimes
#SteelMagnolias opens tonight at 8 p.m. in the new USF Performing Arts Center in downtown #FortWayne. Students are free, public for $10!
Bo! MT Stunned that was not also named as award recipient for her work on Sweetwater corruption case.
Isn't is awesome?!
GOOD MORNING TWitters! :)~
stop hitting me up so late! lol, I was sleeping.
RT : As Latinos in Social Media we need to blog abt immigration more often! We can make a diff in this election!
hell no lmao
I can do all things through Christ who gives me strength :)
I'm an American kitty and would like 2 give a shout out 2 our #Military Thank U 4 ur service, sacrifices + keeping us safe and free! xoxoxo
Thank you for the RT, Ben!
you text me first. #dontarguewithmejustdoit. (:
just being a fan of is great
haha i love the self-RT to really drive the reiteration point home ;)
as long as you're good for prom :P
Finally on break
Boehner cries on House floor in defense of vouchers for DC.
Okay! See ya!
me too , is that 4 or 5(x?
going to be a super Friday!...I can feel it.
You fucking confuse me.
Excellent, we will be in touch via direct message shortly!
We have a new server/network ready - vpn-ws1 Dynamic IP pptp/l2tp/sstp server in San Francisco. It's available in your customer area now.
A hot babe said we could have sex if monkeys fly out of her ass, so tonight I meet with a zoologist, proctologist and some guy from NASA.
Am I sick or are there some serious allergens floating about, breaking through my Zyrtec/Benedryl forcefield?
it's because I pressed "loop".
Over reliance on testing a threat to American competitiveness.
I like how the link shortener almost looks like cat food LOL.
Game of Thrones has consumed me.
tell me what shawty???
For the last 90min of workday, will pretend I'll have pizza & beer when I get home.
Way to hustle Braun!
I'm feeling better--as is Laura. We're at her maternal grandparents for dinner. Still coughing a bit-but better than yesterday.
Remember when Johan Santana was an awesome pitcher????
no way...its not happening...ive already studied for an hour....
time to start cooking what should i make emmmmm lol
Been driving for a year today...I haven't been in any wrecks or anything...
I love when a girl knows when to STFU! got points with me and probably Plenty other niggas.
its a sunday, that means every one i really care how much you "hate" strongsville.
well I'm not scottish so I didn't no what you where saying chuck! You are a inbred look it up!
#Today: Take 10, yes, just 10 short minutes for yourself. Do whatever-anything, but that 10 is your's alone, a gift from you to you.
Need to study for finals but I'm sleepy af!
With the Bio-Terrorist?
I'm guessing that today is your birthday. Happy birthday. I hope all your football dreams come true.“: BOOM!
#ThingsTougherThanDRoseBody lmao this is just harsh
yyaaaay......i want it to be "realler"..no lol..serious face
Oh so true, but I love a freebie!
Some kid in my class mass emailed everyone. Wanted the answer for ec in class cuz he skipped. Offered 5 instagram likes in return
Nothing like taking off your contacts before you know where your glasses are...
sure <3 see ya
#Divorce #parenting tip: During & after divorce, #parents need to help #kids deal with loss. Again & again. It's a process.
My college kid is choosing to watch Face the Nation. I'm torn between being concerned and impressed.
Pawn stars.
So excited to be on the show 2mrw with ! Be sure to tune in to 100.3 around 8:30am!
"J.C. and the Sunshine Crew" tonight at the Hudson Shanghai Bistro at 6:30! Come hear some great live music w Tanner Taylor & Mac Santiago!
About to bru some good vibes, making vegetable soup from scratch! (eri-eri ficky ficky).
Denise you have to stop Stop STop STOp STOP STOOP!):
hey, would you like to meet for coffee to network/brainstorm? -Natalie
Yay, finished VCAP-DCD5 exam. I hate those diagramming questions. No score for a few weeks.
Mine &a friends conversation about me:"im in love with Niall. & hes freaking Irish!!" friend:"Does he like lucky charms?" wow
a little rough, but better than yesterday. I hope you had a good day as well.
I just lost with quad 8s in seven card stud
RT Boykin >>> Easily the most popular choice right now. He makes sense. I also like Florida RB Chris Rainey.
what!! If anything your wack (:
"The Vow" was a good movie, romantic and yet real life stuff-- not too cheesy.
I just can't find a way to let go of you.
yo! when you gonna get out to the pool wet republic is waiting homie
Safeway BBQ Battle next month! I want to ghey marry the giant inflatable pig.
Omg Do I Really Have To Go To School....Not Felling So Good
just here at work hella bored -____- i want a build a bear lol
Tune to 95.7 KJR FM (Clear Channel Seattle) at 8:30am pacific time TODAY for an interview with both Felon Fitness authors.
I thought he was going to mention it by name in the beginning
A strong person Forgives and goes on...A weak person holds a grudge and hurts themselves.
I don't get it man my side line can kick rocks.
Time After F*****g Time
Do you think parents that spank their children are abusers? Vote now on www.krqe.com!
#Flyers lost this series because of a)Peter Laviolette,b)Bryzgalov,c) #Flyers assistant coaches. 8 more painful years.....
RT": The moment when you lose all respect for the person you used to like.."
Good morning, school time :/
lol i hate people like that;)
Never Born, Never Died...Only Visited This Planet Earth Between 11 December 1931 – 19 January 1990 ~Osho
Steak n' Shake
And now back to the Book of Eli
...Speaking of smokey-goodness, Chef Mina's awesome Baba Ganoush wraps up our "Best Things We Ate in #pdx Last Week" list. Lucky us, right?
Lincecum= that long haired guy in the movie Dazed and Confused.
Being what you wanna be in life feels better than anything else
"Today Was A Good Day" perfect ending to a great day.
steve jobs face?
it out!
HUGE thank you's 2 #NYFamilyDay stars ! Much love 2 the amazing hosts !
You already know, ugly. " fucking SLUT"
Now I know why they called her Wednesday.
tell all your friends that I got movies and CDs for sale
FYI loves to run!
You too! Until next time! RT : great to see I safe travels
I really want to know what the first person to milk a cow was thinking. :-)
Uh-oh. RT : No water in #Georgetown this morning. A dcwasa pump broke..
Thanks for the Follow!
GET OUT OF HERE! I better go check my mirror and see if I'm still running against SCOTT WALKER. Is he in jail yet? NLD Mom/cancer survivor
nope! not like uss(:
Catching up on Oprah Lifeclass
Kent Brockman from the Simpsons said on St. Patrick's Day
Way to take care of business! Bring on the Rags or Caps!
I'm digging it. mentioned it a while back, I finally got my beta invite.
I've been really tired lately :/
I actually did that tonight. It was awesome.
Rainy & cool in PHX! Nice end of winter before we get 8 months of 90's & 100's!
thanks for following! Mogul!
I just got asked if I'm my 8-year-old son Jason's grandmother. AGAIN. (This never happened before I moved to Georgia.) smh
looks good, like the 70s film style J.A
Now watching Fear Island w/
My baby just learned to clap to the beat with rainbow Arabia live on !
You got it! RT : We need you at #xdlab on Thursday. Brainstorming will be in full effect.
She making sure he come straight home
ice cream truck. where my dots.
I need to get an Xbox again. I miss raping ppl in gears of war. :/
Thanks, I am a freelancer for Community Newspaper special sections, so I feel like part of the family. Enjoy your show.
Ortiz, refusing to be shown up by some young wipper-snapper, goes Yard.
RT!!!!!! EVERYONE PLEASE FOLLOW MY NEW ACCOUNT !!!!!!!
NaLee a rich mermaid fantasy... the beginning of a TRILOGY
Ditto! RT : I can hear a bsb song like a dog hears a dog whistle.
WHew! and are back at least!
Client w/ pain radiating down his arm into his hand for 2 months is 100% pain free after 2 Tuina sessions and a lecture on weight lifting!
My buddy can only have sex doggie style.-Really? That's the only way he knows?-No, that's the only way his dog knows. Follow
Good Sunday Morning! Stop the gun violence! Have a super day!!!
That means I'm getting sleepy
ability/want. "All" DJ needs is win in finale 2 get the $. Same w/ Luke, Rose. They can smell it. others need someone to falter
Are you in the main ballroom?
BEACH BOYS still got it!!!
Los Angeles your to good to me
How's that 6% treatin ya? ;)
I loved ur nail tutorial but just a suggestion wouldn't the tiny beads stay on a tad longer if u put on a super strength top coat?
Florida Gov. Charlie Crist's office suspends Eggelletion and Gallagher from office 2009 Broward County Corruption Probe
What shocks me most in that video are the women's voices. I want to hear them walk out, but they continue to sit and listen to lies.
6 more weeks of winter... still waiting for the first six weeks
I just woke up, I missed this beautiful day :(
yea yea, you have an addiction, its called a criminal minds addiction!
Want more info on Kid's and YA Latino Lit? Watch for what the #REFORMA chapter in Tucson is planning this spring!
OK. So if Eagles win tonight, then beat Cowboys next week, Eagles have a true shot to win the division in final week.
You're welcome, Emma! :)
Yayy!! We just had our version of the red dress gala today!! for the first time! and it was a huge sucess!! <3 in aoe<3
Education is what remains after one has forgotten what one has learned in school. ~Albert Einstein
you get violent when you haven't had caffeine, Nathan...
Fresh ass new haircut
Hannah's sleeping but I think she'll like Pocoyo. Thanks for sharing.
I was curious why she was using a lantern when there was a laptop on. And actually covered my eyes.
follow back?
Its like the One Two Step
like attracts like. the law of attraction is the most powerful law of nature.
Cant wait for my vacation.
miss snl enjoy! :)
It's so nice. Can we have work outside today? I have a laptop, so for me, the answer is YES!
If you do die, what are you leaving me in your will? Cash will suffice. :-)
Oh sh*t...One month from today is Jesus' Birthday, and I still haven't gotten him anything! What do you get for a guy that has everything?!
Love is grand... divorce is a hundred grand!
BREAKING (FAKE) NEWS: might not be able to due weather at 10 due to his watching #Josh Hamilton's 4 HR's on an endless loop!
I go to the gym to be healthy, not to get coughed on. Stay home or at least cover your mouth if you're sick! Ewwww.
look at me everyday <3
It didn't take long for talent attraction to come up as an issue.
yo this track goes hard ahk... raw.... shine bright......
thats what I like to hear cute self!!!
your ham is probably cleaner than my vegetables and has no pesticides
We should read to give our souls a chance to luxuriate. Henry Miller
Don't you hate it when you buy a bag of packaged air, and there's chips inside it? Pisses me off!
There are so many awkward couples in this school
You've been on a kick lately! Naming all these songs I remember listening to as a youngster. NICE!
let's announce a do-over.
little delayed, but thanks for the RT
Whats Who's Your Caddy?? I've played golf before....
In real life, I'm wakin' up alone, its one more night, you didn't make it home, & one more time you pick up the phone.
I think the last thing Bills fans need right now is a manufactured QB controversy involving Vince Young.
“Try to learn something about everything and everything about something.” --Thomas H. Huxley
happy birthday ! i will never forget your birthday since we celebrated so many together! cheers to a wonderful year ahead :)
Can it be 2:45 please?
Vincent Voiture~ Fortune is a great deceiver. She sells very dear the things she seems to give us.
Congrats to for collecting 55 #pledgetoreg yesterday!
What the hell are you doing in #Bellevue?
thank you so much!
Throwing caution to the wind
I'm giving the group presentation assignment in #mscdeng3510 today. Order your book today.
ry and I will be in Bloomington as well!
Gettin in tune with my softer side and watching The Vow
Why is there bumper to bumper traffic at 1:40 am
Washington DC bound!!!!
Guys we tell Lies.Women dress up as them. *SheWearsBootyPopPanties* WTF
guy next to me on the plane started chewing the second we landed. my lip curled and eyes widened dramatically
Guess that I don't need that tho.
Well I did and on more than one occasion ;) x
Expo Line turned over to MTA - LA Observed
Wish we could have made it!
Don't let the door hit ya? RT : Buh-bye. RT : Hmm. RT : Rosie O'Donnell Relocating Her OWN...
Get your facts straight, "MBA." Oh, wait, facts don't matter to Screech Palin's fans.
It appears that Luke Donald could get disqualified. Reports indicate he shot a 75 but signed for a 73.
I was expecting something completely different.
Morning playlist: Beck, MGMT, Coconut Records
Figuring out Twitter
Everything that feels so bad makes me feel so good
Who thinks i should make a quote page? :)
they are awake...still trying to figure out theo compensation
Sizzle &amp; Fizzle: Highs and Lows from the Last Week in S.F. Music - SF Weekly
Moved all of my old furniture, but my bed, in my room today. It feels weird? <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BD>
I'm going to Wizarding World of Harry Potter for my first time Friday! Is it great?
"I don't imagine I plan"
Over the weekend I attempted to get the perfect class schedule at #universityofwashington this morning my wish came true THANK YOU dropouts!
Fortunately I only use 95, 123, and 7100! Guess I'll see how it is in a couple of hours.
6.1 mile run 2 day. I'm getting there - slowly but surely!
Thanks for the promotion! Good luck today!!!
Like the Jones pick. Pats should have addressed the DE / OLB slot for several years now.
Listening to while reading his #sxsw on twitter. <3
Don't let the name fool you. My wife is now on twitter. Follow her, she is brilliant! But at this point mute
Wow every other fuckin girl I see is pregnant, fucking gross
hahaha, just until Wednesday when summer staff starts. It's been a while ma'am. How's life??
Come have some milk and cookies with our friendly and sexy HAPA Staff Models!
Be the #change you want to see in the world. Gandhi.
Nissan Revs Up Predators Fans With NHL Playoff
We just flashmobbed the annual meeting of at #ASM12! New York, New yoooorrrk!!
...and the new restaurant idea is born.
I'm hoping to go to San Sabestián to do research on culinary innovation. Fingers are crossed for a grant I submitted.
I had to wait for Debo to share the good news with you before I tweeted this: VILLAGE!!!!! YAA!
Have you downloaded the IRS's app? If so, let me know your thoughts. I downloaded it and tried it out. I will give you my opinion.
Who will be in a birthday video to Austin Mahone? just ask <3
I feel like Mikey sees tweets that aren't mentioned to him more than the ones that are mentioned to him now... lulz.
Thank you. We are pretty excited. RT : saw the article. Congrats!
I co-sign that :-)
Can you give me one? :)
working at the #Sixers game tomorrow!!! so excited!
Getting tips from our tweet master "srstore"
good to know
Yes, Pandora, I'm still listening to you. Just because I don't always respond to you doesn't mean I'm not listening. Stop being so needy.
followed back
RT google john avalos david chiu or leland yee and you will see the sponsored ads. #SFMayor #notrunning, really?
Neighborliness is a funny thing in NYC. I'm only really aware that anyone else lives in my building when we're all doing laundry on Sundays
Sweet!! Have fun!
Good. Just preparing for this damn hurricane. Hbu?
I never owned an Apple item, but to honor the contribution Steve Jobs made to the world, I'll wear a black turtleneck on his birthday, 2/24.
welcome Carly!!!! (:
Even for small week(end) projects I don't know how I would get by without easy branching in my vcs
A little beef tartar, a little red wine, a little fun at the Earth Day Party at !
tell Matt to "die to self"...not die physically! Wow!
the best day of my life
right back at cha
Yo breath stank, put some Listerine in there.
how our teacher hair blonde and white lol.
I will miss you very much, my fellow Twitter Warrior.
We've got a great happy hour from 4-6 for people in the U-District!
I can't wait for #Believe Boyfriend is amazing! Proud of you #Belieber 7
Awesome opening tango on #DWTS !! Go #williamlevy and
Not playing Lolla this year?! When are you getting back up to the Chi bud?
They were in my hoodie pocket. Evidently fell out & were sat upon. Ugh!
Holy crap. That. Looks. Amazing.
Thank you! Please spread the word!
I had a great party last night :)
Graduation night and I stayed in ... Smh
yeah and what ?
I love Irish drink they fuck you good LOL
My usual is six! See you tonight at SMCJax?!
Email your address & my people will send you FREE copy 4 your sppt RT : I went to see but uh didnt get a cd =\
true story (:
yeah, think you have it under control
And day 2 of #2012AUGrad has begun. The Pipe and drum corps just led the students from into the arena.
I can now say I've seen every episode of "The Singing Bee" .. I need friends, or a life...
What? I went to walk the dog and we are up 10!??!?!
So, I'm sure you felt the same way when Tim Pawlenty vetoed all those DFL bills from 2007 to 2010, right?
Thanks! We are doing great & then some! Lots of things in the works soon to be released. We are very busy which is a good thing :)
I so wanna see titanic in 3d!!!
Definitely agreed! RT : yep! Had to get it fixed right away. Too hot not to!
GO ! Padres are going down! :) Hope you're back soon, !!
All ova NY, women, men n evn the 'sexually confused' r doin the 'walk of shame' from things they did afta last nites concert!¡!
so good!
Please! follow my best friend I followed you back! please follow:D
holy shit bagel bites yes
Wheeeee, what is it?
RT : "Love knows no boundaries and no distance, miles and obstacles mean absolutely nothing in the face of love."
Yes! We had some there when we went back this year to #Philly for Scrapplefest! ;-) was awesome!
thanks appreciate it!!
Happy 4th of July, our U.S. office will be closed today. Have a safe and fun day!
Rep Cleveland MGK
Great practice tonight AND we got the first round of posters up with a second round going up tomorrow! Sat. March 24th at the Smiling Moose!
Flogging Molly is trending!!!!!!!!!! Oh Happy Day St. Patty's Day!!!! I'd Like to give some green lovin to the Dropkick as well!!
Thanks! Hope you can make it again sometime!
I miss all my old Indiana friends soo much. It's crazy how fast time has just dissapeared.
Resmovits Dm'd you my email
blue is mint, green is melon, red is berry. Blue and green are my favorite.
Heading over to Community Block Party - see you there!
RT : #shehechat A3: I don't mind slides but they should not be the presentation. You are the presentation. What's in your brain.
YES let's!!! I'll give you a ring tomorrow : )
Not doing sponsorship ATT. Thanks for the support!
WSJ's online voter guide gives me wrong information. Says I'm in ward 90, but I'm in 104.
Stopped en route to fancy luncheon to check my tire pressure and use the air hose. Like an f'n lady.
Thank you! :)
The crusty stuff I washed off of your tooth brush, by the sink, and the porn mag!
#sschat Hmm we do Immigration, Holocaust & Civil Rights for our book clubs... tx though!
Yet some of my friends are still saying the refs in Florida-Louisville were worse. Uh, no.
Its Bad to lye
Life isn’t about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself. -George Bernard Shaw
Just got my school to unblock it. Most students had access anyway. I said let me model it in a positive way!
nvmm girl I can't, but good luck and kick their asses;)
i'm going to think about it >.<
We used it to pull together reaction after a well-liked professor passed away. Don't feel like you have to include every comment.
Back monday! At concordia college today to interview John Dower and Jaimey Gordon.
My top three made it to the final 3 on #americanidol -- the whole top 11 were great -- except one (IMO).
Junior Seau dead. Wow. Sad news
be a more inviting conversationalist by turning your heart toward the other person when you're speaking. subtle cues go a long way.
I love you twitter, but finals...
Happy Sat, Don’t ask what the world needs. Ask what makes you come alive, and go do it.
I hate your work. /:
“: No matter who wins this will be controversy!!!”. Rematch!
So? who do you have in your life that you should buy flowers for?
All the reggae and dancehall on this station >
#BlogPawty Uh oh, I think the toilet flooded upstairs. I saw a couple #kittens float by in a tube.
my hands feel kinda numb .____. WHY MOTHER NATURE?
Im auditioning for an arts school in chicago. It will mean the world! If you were to RT reply or anything giving me good luck! :D
What color am I supposed to wear to stoplight? Green? Yellow? #clarifyplease #confused <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
"everytime"? Didn't think that movie was worthy of watching in it's entirety let alone more than once.
I disagree! Love the haters too bc they love you too! Just in a different way! Lmfao ;)
Why can't we just make it an autocratic decision and leave it to me? ;-) Again, I say, !
Will someone else's life be brighter tomorrow because of what you have done today? ~ William Arthur Ward
Bop to the top.
No need?
great seeing you too. Crazy place to meet up. Do you have a big weekend planned?
Thank you Sarah!
5) Releasing judgement towards my body 6) Experiencing joy 7) Weird juju moving around my body in weird ways 8) Premonition of good or evil
feed them dog food and call it meatloaf!
Enter Sandman and Until it sleeps are favorites but like them all
I know plenty of hoes in love with they niggas. But they be the same bitch thats fucking niggas
why isn't young forever on iTunes??
It was great to meet you last night!
its too big lol. get on ichat before I fall asleep
Not my day
"You need to ride harder in lower gears!" Shouted the older gentleman as I flew by him on my bike this morning.
Hey ! Yes you can buy party tickets on site!
Fulton Market St. is in Chicago. It's the art district. I am heading this year's art walk in the city. I'm crazy!
Hell yes. There are new flavors of Builders. I want to try Smores so bad...
“: just found out next vintage of Lopez de Heredia Rosado will be released in...2016! Ack!” Shoot! I love that rosé.Good price too
we will see you there. I love the Barrett Jackson Auto Auction.
#2012c19 Lazo: hemispheric american studies reminds him of the movie groundhog day.
: with Federer knocked out, this could be Djokovic's first championship. I call him in a final with Nadal, and winning.
last night was the weirdest night of my life! my face the whole night was 0_0
Corned Beef and Cabbage plus Fish, Chips and Eggs. All this and $3 cans of Guinness and Lakefront Snake Chaser.
2/1/1784->Lafayette:I am become a private citizen on the banks of the Potomac & under the shadow of my own Vine & my own Fig tree
I actually didn't start my homework until about 6:00 and finished around 7-8:00 then I took a shower and got ready for bed. So, yeah.
I feel the need to have the sons of anarchy custom hoodie texas chapter. I need it. Addicted to SAMCRO.
I'm so sleepy because of this heat.
A nuisance...
Well what a surprise lol definitely saw that one coming
lol don't get upset you'd be a fool to believe reality TV is actual Reality
I've had people ask me why I wear an ARMY shirt. It's 2 honor my father, grandfather, former players of mine, & the ones serving our country
Congrats to all the new graduates out there! What's ahead after graduation?
congrats on the wins brw homie!! When r u back??
niall drunk and zayns sexy dance? i'd say it was a good day for the fandom!
that is awesome!!!
This is gunna be my summer. Full of laughs. Full of friends. Full of memories. Full of everything. <U+2665> <U+2600>
i'm always SO much more productive when it's gloomy outside.
and we gon' play this game for life, Mackin' and Hangin', Mackin' and Hangin' I'm jp, i love that movie doe
WHEN I CLICK FOLLOW IT SAYS FORBIDDEN :(
Soda tax for health!
Checking out and thanks to ! you might find them interesting...
Got to be an extra in the new Dark Knight movie yesterday! Still trying to quell the excitement!!!!
That's awesome, I bet he'll never forget that. Huge game and a great win.
Nigga gone on that strong
Black Rock has been good to Gapers Block. As has the Highball Lounge which doesn't have a distinct room.
yeah i agree but at least they got back together instead of her goin back to the other guy
I gotta live with the choices I made and I can't live with myself today
TONIGHT!! CAFE ACOUSTIC Featuring "Millions of Boys" a band out of Omaha - They rock! See you there! 9pm!!
"Between 30-40" short format docs apply for the Oscars each year! Odds are good, if you can afford the theatrical run!
#IMissTheDaysWhen people under stood each other
Life of #Julia is a wonderful story of a girl who lives in the world of a growing nanny state. An inspiration to anyone who hates freedom.
One Nutcracker to another, via my 6 year old: "Now you're in the hot lava, too." Love how hot lava makes its way into everything kids play.
You're a douche bag.
O papa made me some shakes <U+263A> thank you !
My last article for comes out tomorrow. I will miss everyone at the Observer-Reporter!
Super Bowl Party at the Playhouse. Starts at 2:30 goes till game ends! Go to Couplesplayhouse.com for details.
Awesome saturday night <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
I know how to make well over 50 handbag styles why is it that I can't decide on just 1 to make? Ugghhh
How are your kids?
I know how you feel!! #ArizonaWeather is brutal!!!
Shout out to sexyass, personified.
send pictures!!
I gotta treat a #RavenNation member to lunch or something when they come to visit you know?
#nw Waiting to Exhale...love Angela Bassett and of course Whitney
We just went to the Erie Harbor opening at the River Romance Festival. Now leasing.
yall killing it in LA! Crazy big #salute to the City of Angels and Cali as a whole.
Any of my UK friends want VIP tickets to the London Online Information conference? Let me know and you're in.
he doesnt matter
Congrats! and yes you DO deserve a drink.
OUT! Pointer MIDDLE :)
Bodies suture :: Geographic rupture.
Summer Special!!! $50 credit!! towards your first AD in the Community Links when you mention - twitter 323-965-1544
That's what I'm saying. No need for you ladies to scramble #date_like_a_manplayingdefense this morning!
my fave #myspace memory, circa 2005, last time myspace was relevant
Great to see you too! It was awesome, I loved the office!
says she was proud to end the fire brown outs. Aka fixing something you broke and calling it an accomplishment?
doesn't feel good :-(
been spending too much time on other people's writing and not enough on my own. Must change...
Boy American Idol is gonna SUCK next year!!!
Ms. D. Moss of USPS, here at the River Terrace Community meeting, announces that the Minnesota/Benning Post Office will remain open
this hoe is really here quoting used quotes all over my timeline.. She thirsty ..
Big ole pot of corned beef and cabbage finished.....gotta love crockpot cooking....
wat u mean
We are getting so close to having 1,000 followers! Help us get there by next week.
you look pretty in your new picture :)
Town of Fountain Hills Parks & Recreation staff did a great job, planning & executing last nights FH youth "Party at the Park". Bravo Team!
I only suck on sunflower seeds and Popsicles.
bout 90 miles
It's a good one with the creepy eyes! lol!
If Georgetown wins tonight there will a big "One City" celebration in Penn Quarter! Go Hoyas!
I'm back twiggas
Spending quality time with the kiddos!!
SIS even though its bn yrs I still love you I mis u lots still cnt blve ur gone missing u like crazy praying 4 the day we r 2gether again LW
Never gonna grow up Never gonna slow down <U+2764>
I will be willingly stolen ;)
why is she so fascinating?
No disrespect man; just pointing out how the government deals with movements that affect corporate interests; take out the leader.
I know that feeling. Sometimes uploading pictures can be a pain.
Sue from IL says: "I absolutely love PF and what you do. I love my cards. You are all such a blessing and truly are God's angels."
Five star dishes. Food for thought, bitches.
yes. Arrived yesterday. You around?
First time at GVR on Regal Tuesdays, and that place is like high school dating central!!!!
Just finished it! It was one of the two books that made the trip to Lisbon with me.
Gonna get my nails done with thee twin:)<33
I have love for them both, but I will ride with 'till the end!
No, I did indeed expect it
Great show
This bitch rolled her eyes at me.
5 More Years of the only guy on ESPN that gives a crap about Hockey, ! Horray!
Think good interpretation facilitates cognitive experience & is all about obj. The map is not the territory, but expected nonetheless
"The one thing that can solve most of our problems is dancing"-James Brown Happy Friday everyone!!!
Don't forget that I'll be playing with full Jazz Crush combo for "Second Saturday" jazz night at Kana winery in downtown Yakima. 6:30-9:30.
Yay! RT : I have seen so many blurbs lately that it is all about visualization and I finally get it - thank you !
My whole family told me to give in... I cried for a while but I stopped crying once I realized they can never make me give in.
ya Banjo. If my mom flies me to Kalifonya we kan run on da beech toogedder.
Carl Jung~ The meeting of two personalities is like the contact of two chemical substances if there is any reaction both are transformed.
GOOD MORNING LASHIONISTAS!!!
Utilitarian chic menswear, with embossed fabrics, diagonal accents and a spray of periwinkle at QLUV.
ooh well i like it :)
ahh, crud. Sorry about that! Next one is on us :)
RT : Thanks all for the great
With the realization of one’s own potential and self confidence in one’s own ability, one can build a better world. Dalai Lama
I love Pinkman. And the attorney Saul. And Badger.
"the doctor says I can never get pregnant" #givemeabreak. Every woman I meet says that.
Who'er 'visin th mayor needs 2 b reminded; it was poor folks and peep and Wards 7, 8 (BTW the poorest Wd in the city) who put him in office
... bless your heart!" LOL - the guy was very funny! And I always think of that when I hear people say that! #BYH!
sorry. Meant has them but then you must control. He will be successful. A birdie machine
Goodbye, Justice Stevens. Thanks for your service. (via )
Don't you wish that Emmy VoiceOver guy actually had funny bits to read?
. Look forward to seeing #Cleveland fans
PLEASE FOLLOW AND ME! <U+2665>
you too Darren! Have you watched the new episodes of Hardcore Pawn? The story line finally seems to be picking up!
Morning, shoppers! What do you have planned for the weekend? Plan on saving #cashback?
COME TO CAMBRIDGE:D HAVE FUN AND NOTICE ME :D HOWS MIAMI? DO YOU STILL GET SUBWAY?X
either does mac, wiz, and damn near every rapper
Call the world , if you please, "The Vale of Soul Making."Then you will find out the use of the world...John Keats
joked out just thought about something!
A new Howlin Rain record makes for a good day today. Happy release day and happy to give you my ten bux.
OMG!!!! THAT'S THE SWEETEST PUSSY I'VE EVER SEEN!! I'll keep wishing!
In singing for acting-acting for singing class with Lenore furshpan. Working on son of a preacher man.
I noticed European guys(in the US) are a lot better at "chasing" girls. American guys wait for us to do it. Stop it, American girls!!
Glad you liked it! RT : Really super presentations last night meetup last night. Inspiring stuff.
18+ #Flip Flops tonight !!!!
Antidepressants are no joke. Especially since we don't completely understand them. If you want to stab someone, count to 10
Was so happy earlier when my name wasn't on that paper would have hated to pay 75 dollars to take that stupid test over..???
- Thanks for the Shout Out!
I hope you dance
Do you know companies who need OFCCP training to be inclusive of all in recruiting, hiring & advancement? Contact me! :)
I'm gonna film myself performing every song I've ever written and every cover I've ever learned. Then I'm going to do something new.
#IJustWantToSay...that I am an ice cream junkie(:
Tucson, Arizona(:
Why are online job applications so difficult and long?! Garr!
If God had wanted you to be like everyone else, He would have created us all the same.
I love how you preaching luv, keeping it real much luv.
anger management
undoing the damage meant finding a way to separate food from comfort, food from love, food from belonging
hmm. Fair enough. I choose to care. Death by any means typically is painful for a lot of people. Sorry for your loss.
About to go live with my ol pals Happy early Monday morning!!!
Awww well I appreciate it. How are you doing ?
damn thought I was fam too
C they not as stupid as they look..
Where were you w Bush was running debt to 11 trillion? Where were you melt down in 08 when more debt was charged off to O
Gigantic XLVI roman numerals getting installed and ready for viewing this Friday monument circle!
I've always wished I could read people's minds.
Bill Benner, of the Horizon League, said "present yourself in a strong communicative way."
And our favorite person of the day award goes to.... for leading us to Daffys!
thank goodness for online troubleshooting forums. MacBook audio output suddenly well completely kaput. I was freaking out.
goodbye ruined it
Canada has given up on the penny! Next the US! My evil plan is working!!!!1!!! BWAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHA-HAHAha!
Agree it makes sense on the surface but most LPs don't like / won't allow carry-on-carry investing, too much fee overhead on the $$
No, you were not.
JJ is known to rock a porn 'stache ya know...
HAPPY WOOF WEDNESDAY, FURRIENDS!
ha! sadly, I hadn't even thought of that, must still be shaking off the return to the work week cc
lol I Am!
if i could write you a letter . i would . & it'd be a unstopable letter. Because you make me speechless. Follow back PLEASE!(:
Still Father John Misty
All I want for christmas is Justin Bieber to come to birmingham so I can see him in consert and get a pic or tow with him and a autograph ;p
Just try to be positive.
it starts at 8 right?
So happy that it's ridiculous:)
So I saw #phillipphillips was trending and for some reason I thought of
Imaoo your BFFs with ?! Jealous :p
Filling up your tank is the worst feeling but having a full tank is the best feeling
What's the deal lady?
I just passed holy child
What can i get my 16 yr old bf for Christmas!!? Something less than $20!
What a great spring breeze; here in Orlando. Top is back & windows are down.
We are excited to announce our IBFF 2012 screening location, , and after-party location, on Belmont! Yay!
talk with on Thursday. Tell V I said hello.
God see” s everything so be careful......
Be awesome if you could make it this weekend.
I don't either. Say it ain't so!
now that future is past. :b
#2011icf Psyched for session Intuition:The Coaches' Edge
Watching the sunset with my boyfriend on the beach tomorrow , sounds like a plan <U+E00E><U+E425>
Great tasting of 2010 Burgundy from the portfolio. Rousseau Chambertin stole the show; lots of power and length.
Two guys volunteered to help - whew. Six eyes better.
haha of course I do! Though not really fond of peeps..haha
great! cu then!
Cousin had sinus infection, laughed so hard he choked on breakfast, then sneezed out a whole Little Smokie.
The shyt feel so real like its virtual
LOL. I call twitter my crack cocaine.
hope to work with you this season
“: hope ur day is AWESOME;)” Its almost Friday doll. So ready for family day on Sat.... Hope your doing well...
“: Who are you guys listening to right now? #curiousgeorgequestionoftheday” and
BOOM! Ur welcome man!
“: cleaning gutters shirtless on 18 and ryan look for your boy #tanning #stackingcheese” I see you<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
are you back in Wmspt now?
Im koo on going to see tho
Another school on lockdown because of potential bomb threat. Hendrickson High School in Pflugerville. Second school today!
Be as smart as you can, but remember that it is always better to be wise than to be smart. - Alan Alda
yeah always (:
yep! that word cracks me up.
Yay <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F>! Congrats Ladies!! I'm looking forward to the storyline!
lol okay. if he ever txts me back I'll tell him the details -_-
46 billion in profit & the retail price is determined only by low Chinese labor costs? No greed in there?
hope to win
Thanks! Are you an intern alum???
Really? Ronaldo and Kaka both mess up?!
ur awesome, today was super fun. Ur dvds were sold out :(
he is horrible
Time to quit stalling. Workout time.
It's kinda funny how, whenever someone tells you they like a guy you go and flirt with them.. Because you think youre good enough to get him
#GetRobertandAlexANDAUSTINonEllen Don't leave Austin out!
Does Corbin deserve COY? He should be at least getting more mention than he is.
Guys who think they have all say <<< ha yeah right. Not happening.
we're legally obligated to tell you to refrigerate it. But I can also tell you I had a bottle out on my counter for three weeks.
unfortunately Thursday will not work either. I have work obligations that extend through the dinner hour.
Keep. A. Lead.
hey man How r things going? can we catch up today or tomorrow for like 5 minutes-
On the positive side I made a version of the Perfect Pita's "Falafel Hummus Veggie" sandwich for the family dinner -- with jalapeño hummus.
i'll give em a listen. let me know when you're gonna drop them
Just proof'd the ADDY showbook, and somehow, I am smiling....almost there...almost there.
am now eating pizza with friends watching degrassi marathon
WELCOME TO BRAZIL BIEBER ! PLEASE stay there .
Two Fortnights Post Hence
Shout out welcome to the tweet world. Lol.
Tellie Is Bonging On Sesame Street ... Smh ...
The Great Food Truck Race on Food Network right now
why do lots of people think Oregon is only school he'd leave bsu for?
Oh, BTW. The USA vs. Turkey game is getting ready to start.
America's Got Talent (:
I saw your tweet just as I am going out the door to get some burritos from Cotijas. Aaahhhh!
we're still here! Friday will wrap up an incredible
grown ass men should never know of his music!
omg is right now #latingrammys her spanish not so good but her voice wow
What workshops do you want to see at SCT next season?
Well I did. AND I watched their wedding video.
Between Tebow news and Saints news- I can't keep up!
Congrats to my wife's alma mater, Lehigh. Go UPS...I mean, mountainhawks.
i been busy with skoool..
just I don't know anymore
Changeable infrastructure fosters creativity. Allows for more experimental exhibitions.
I reeeeaaaally want to hear "I'm Not A Gangsta" by !! That song is the jam!
Josh Hamilton with 4HRs in one game
thanks. You're amazing
I'm playing guitar for Alexa Marie tomorrow (Saturday) at 6:00pm at Ollie's point in amityville!! 16+ to enter, $15!!!!
YO awesome concept and elegant implementation. Great work!
u know it but how u been i miss yall
I have good days and really bad days (every so often), but I know it'll work out in the end. :)
This week couldnt possibly get any worse
Anyone going to the game tonight?
we don't have any Vuitton purses at this time, but we do have Vera Bradley, Coach, and Vuitton's other friends available!
life been crazy lately by my daughter having Di-George Syndrome her health has been even more crazy
Watching City of Angels. Not a bad movie, but the original (Wings of Desire or Himmel Ueber Berlin) by Wim Wenders was amazing.
Persona Obama: The president, press & public image at noon w/Sheri Park & Martha Joynt Kumar
LeBron's the best all-around player, never debated that. But who would you rather have in the playoffs? Durant by far
I'm so tired I could eat a horse! ...wait...that's not right.
Best. Receiver. Ever. Not to mention biggest smile and greatest heart. Wisco loves you, DD.
Finally moving!!:DD
happy birthday jordy!
“: Who cares? Meow died! Nothing else matters.” Exactly. Romney who?
Don't forget! This Sunday 8:30pm. "Bob and Bob" at the Atlanta Underground Film Festival. Join us at the Goat Farm. It's gonna be awesome!
Some people remind me of animals.
TY! RT : Thank you old chum! Happy New Year!
and the media could lose advertising dollars. What is amazing is the way Canadian media follow them. I say support Canada's baseball team!
Tylenol cocktail today
You said a mouth full Mike.
Omaha has many kid-family activities!! We will make sure to tag you on some of our future posts!
Nothing like a gud old cold budweiser to get yo day going
Busy. Writing today, then jumping on an editing gig tonight. A bit too much on my plate this week.
I want to but I have to play someone in a sec, maybe soon. my psn is liveStone if you want to add me.
Me, too!
Come see The Devil & Daisy Jane, the hottest new musical in town! 3234628460
#SteelersFan till the death of me. Backs turned to all these Pgh
bitch u kno as well as i do we're both drinking as we speak, we're alcoholics, the ??? is when are we drinkin together =) lol
I want to see The Hunger Games . I mean it's not like I've already seen it <U+270C>
is taking the stage with Innovations Worth Stealing,
With full faith that the future that we are playing for is at hand and it is greater than the pass that we are letting go of.
I can always count on
Live for the dollar and gratefull for every one we stack, Mind of a man with no sleep my thoughts brung feedback
im so happy . Thankyou (:
anyone have any video requests?
Steve Jobs wanted to change the world! He started out a student like you all. But then he followed his passion! What is your passion?
we will look into it! What kind of video connection?
RT : Rapid Response saves jobs, rebuilds careers. Your ability to tell story and show value critical.
Don't think it didn't cross our minds! Startup budget and all
#homeowners need more than justice, they need relief from #underwater #mortgages for #economy to recover. Banks owe people.
Come on! We're one away from 200! RT and help us out!
RT : Time to start thinking #valentine #cocktails! We'll be mixing up a Roman Holiday w/ Campari, hibiscus...
looking to connect and learn and share with some of the best and brightest right here...
Hey Mahomies. I'm not sure if i want this account anymore... who wants to be my co-owner?
GOTCHA :) got u already ^ okay ^^ thanks
Hoosiers and Hawks unite! Cheers.
On my way to La Nouba to check out the new drum set up and catch both shows!
On my way to fort lauderdale to do a show at Dillards broward mall. Meet me there 12:30. But I 1st have to sleep on the plane for 2hrs...lol
You've got a whole basement! Haha
Well that was a horrible line change by Pittsburg...
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3> wow RT : At the very least, Floyd Mayweather is guaranteed $14,815 PER IN FIGHT SECOND tonight (if fight goes to cards)
If you are still in WPT Jax, and you follow me... GOOD LUCK!
im sitting in front of The weeknd right now.
pretty easy ta get her naked
HAHAHA! OMG - I have to say that was definitely funny. They should play that video when she looks so stern/poised on top model.
nah, I got to play with 's Kindle Fire ast night though.
maybe the most awkward super bowl TV moment since Janet flashed some booby. So bad
I could come over after work this Saturday!!
Watching a Tegan and Sarah documentary on Netflix! Awesome
Will Jason Kidd Retire now after 19 seasons?
the situation well enough on my end understand that there is some crap that has hit the fan. Nothing the cats or I did, it's something else.
I swear I think half your callers just got off the jerry springer show
we really are sick and twisted
you tweeted a lot of strange things today okok
people are stupid. They will Decline even online events. So lazy."You took the time to click cancel and didn't even read."
do I get some sort of comparing 4 that?:-)
My default privacy setting for FB updates is now "Only Me." Bug or petulant toddler company? "You want privacy? I'll give you *&#! privacy!"
Alright guys, who messed with my car.....
Taylor Swift - Fearless - 05:06 PM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
lmao. . Damnn dude a bitch need some breakfast lol hurry tht.ass up ! !
So everyone with a job is much worse than a homosexual according to a book that that has no definite credibility, written 1000s of yrs ago.
"That's so Reagan"
I see the first person who fell asleep!! I'm going to go draw on her face!!
lol this show revenge crazy. Hope you enjoying your next chapter in life graduating from college :)
Getting pumped for the show tonight at Highline Ballroom!
great question! Definitely great to have a #wedding pro around to help with venue selection :)
RT : Big mistake if they let Tebow go. < Yes, he's the future. Not sure he'll accept backup spot.
Im fina go to sleep on dat ass.
Neck's a little stiff but otherwise OK, thanks. Sorry you guys missed the eclipse. Hmm, that's true about the birds...
No way!!!!!! If @ kym_johnson and Jaleel go home Im going to be so pissed!!! After Karina, I only watch for kym!
"All hard work brings a profit, but mere talk leads only to poverty."-Proverbs 14:23
That sounds like the perfect way to do some work! Enjoy being poolside!
OH DEAR GOD: Snooki is considering filming her child's birth. Ack. Imagine it will be a lot like that evil spirit birth in Game of Thrones.
chillin dancy, how about u busy bee!
I have way too much shit to get done
but your going!!
haha uhm..thanks for the shoutout? Why did i get one?
Living as a Christian is not easy. Sometimes its difficult to resist believing the enemies lies. #God promises to gift us with strength.
shane falco did
Today and tomorrow are two of our favorite sport days of the year. What games will be upsets?
Just heard "Pinterest" mentioned for the first time (sure more to come)
bad day turned good :)
I was known as GAGA In my old high school
Excited to have him! RT My son is excited to learn from and Go #TeamMNu13!
From the ashes: Issaquah&#39;s Equine Escapes thrives 2 years after barn fire
“: I bet a vagina looks awesome in a blind dude's mind.”
exactly. I can't see it but I sure can hear it. Yikes. >:|
Ugh! Your Always Working!! Lol RT : I would but I have to work
Thank you for the feedback and additional tips! ^bw
me and Frank go way back. We ride together, die together, we bad boys fo life
24hr news = zero accountability among participants. Inflation or deflation; growth, recession or depression; employment, housing; just noise
You are followed, sir.
Was on Facebook earlier and saw my friends doing good in the bodybuilding and strength & conditioning field
Sounds nice! :) .. I getting stay in Illinois.. With the rain and wind and family... Now whos jelouse
Received 15 submissions for our 2012 composition contest. Hear the winning pieces June 8th at the Good Shepherd Center in Wallingford.
if you're fat, im Godzilla!!!
hahah right? I feel ya :p
can you walk with a torn acl?
I have found life an enjoyable, enchanting, active, and at some time scary experience, and I've enjoyed it completely.
Smart thing about Kia donating a car to Kyrie Irving's former AAU team rather than give directly to him? He'll never drive it.
lol i think i am
That sounds like a great idea!
I think the most in the shower and right before I go to sleep
It's Event Day! If you can't join us in person, follow our tweets from tonight's Benefit Dinner & After-Party!
Happy Birthday (: Hope it's amazing!
hw ??/???/ i did not even start school
#3WordsForYou: Spurs Never Lose
so do me a favor. GET OVER IT!!
RT : #rockies let it bee!
U go girl! Im there! MT : I'll be in a theatre #CLT #production May 19! Come watch!
That was so nice of Justin Timberlake to give Bieber his leftovers.
im so happy for you!! I knew you were going to win! <3
Katz, the sun is shining here in Fort Worth!! Well, at least for a minute.....Go Mavs!!
Good to hear! Thanks for drinking #SPORTea :)
Hi friends and stupid random whores hahahahahaahhahaha white bitches fo sho swag
thanks for the follow - look forward to your tweets!!
ha, he's a little secret agent
Welcome to twitterverse!
Gretchen Young of ERISA Industry Committee now speaking on "The Existential Angst of Large Employers,"
" done it"
Preparing for Sunday's Sacramento Library workshop on the NEHGS Web site. Can't wait! Join me, it's free, starts at 1:30.
TIL on : Mr. Bell founded Taco Bell
Catherine and I just got in a brawl with the whole Florida state softball team. We won.
#RVA -- the #FUN has already started...the #FOOD is cooking...the VCU Black Awakening Choir () is about to hit the stage!
. The Thomas Clown Affair
RT if u came in sober but u leavin out sloppy
Actual recent news report: study shows conservatism linked to low iq's. Explains everything.
Dear Barnes and Noble Classics Collection, Please stop tempting me. I'm already committed to Penguin Clothbounds Love, Mary
taking a shot for every "omg" I see on my tl
my friend is so mad at me for something i did not do, now am sad :(
awesome video!
oh ok.. watch it and later tell me your opinion, ok? :D
that's sweet and considerate
That sounds like a plan! Best 26 bucks I'll ever spend! Do you know the guy that plays for the Rangers that I text you about???
thanks clockwerk music group nice sounds and studio
#ThankYouAlex trend it!! He deserves it!!:D
#Glee white chocolate.
Nap didn't work as well as I would have liked. Sore throat. And off a silent auction tonight.
If you get a chance tomorrow, read Sean Dobbin's 1A story about effects of a car crash.You will also find it at democratandchronicle.com.
If Dis Is Really U Follow Me Becuz I Respect Wat U Do 100% N U Following Me Means Alot To Me Swag TGOD
I appreciate you raising into who he is today, because of you he is my biggest inspiration. Happy Mothers Day!
Ah anniversary's, today's my 1 year with
I'm from NC but I gotta agree witcha on dat 1!
you look like a sick tiger... with a sexy v neck.
Austin is the live music capital of the world!
collaboration and networking! How did you get past google+ waiting list? I like to try it out but no response back from google.
Tulisa named world&#39;s sexiest woman
- Thanks dear! I'm pulling through, me thinks...
Are you here at
- Shut Yo Mouth Up !
face the turkey
No doubt, he messed Hammil up bad. What a night!
Now if you could provide (or direct him to) therapy ... Too many hurt folks put here.
I can hear my girlfriend in the other room cleaning up my cat's pee. As soon as I think she's done, I'm going to yell out "I'll do it babe!"
Those tests were for the new Tumblr-Facebook sharing feature, which is new and improved. Great work, !
i would literally do anything to be noticed by the boys. anything.
Few people even scratch the surface, much less exhaust the contemplation of their own experience.
A very successful Martin County Fair has come to an end. Thanks to everyone who came out. Congrats to our newest chick, Bubbles (Lindsay).
#10ThingsIWantToBuy a MacBook!
I agree! The Giudice's have their handful with her! And imagine she-s only 5 !!
No swelling...if it still hurts tomorrow I'll call and ask if it's normal. I don't remember this from the last time, though.
hi there! I thought I'd follow you to see what beautiful things you were up to.
two words: Stoney Jackson Have a good rest of your evening xo
has already stepped into "My New Year". What are you waiting for? . . .
discount double check
yeah...the Horse Feathers are definitely worth checking out!
Be that as it may, I'm still going to take my black arse to the gym to work out these frustrations...smh
Wht is love?
just fell in love with IZZE sparkling pomegranate juice
But I hope Alma gets better soon
Hi there. Great to meet you!
Thanks so much!! Glad to be making music again!!!
Eating like a mad men.
Why am I awake right now wtf
#NotOnTheMenu - Tahitian Vanilla ice cream with truffle caviar, sea salt and virgin olive oil. to-die-for, but only on request . . . shhhh.
Winner of our grand prize Ducati will be announced May 11 on Facebook and Twitter – stay tuned!
Just went SnapBack and kick shopping. Can't wait for Sunday's photoshoot with magazine!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Hopefully when my family comes to visit this summer I'll be in a show :)
Just booked my ticket to Madison for #recallwalker! Woo-hoo
I HATE gel deodorant o_0 i dont like when my pits get wet x_x
'nough twEeting fo' now....gonna grind before I get my grind on......oatmeal with honey here I come! Happy hump day!!
Hi there ABABng
Found out my roommate for the summer :)
pure strength there
Happy birthday to two of theatre's most legendary composers: Stephen Sondheim and Andrew Lloyd Webber.
We are hoping for something special and we have no doubt you'll deliver.
nice drop Laroche
If so send it to me! But no Facebook! Lmao
Mr. Matthews is yelling " LAKERS SUCK!!!" Like realllyyyy??? -____-
A small British military plane crashed near Oxnard, CA ~12:15pPT. One pilot was on-board. Ventura Co. Coroner called out to the scene.
Before you take off all your clothes remember— you can't take it back.
#ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate Oh wow, did someone order the cucumber salad? I'm joking. I have a boner.
*jumping up and down*
Amazing and touching! Thanks for that and all you do Tony.
lol!!!! Sorry! Can't help myself being corny lol haha
Tiger is just there to take Luck out after the game. You know what i'm saying?
married , job,happiness
Speaking of the new ugly-sofa, why is there no such thing as a "woman cave?" "Come into my woman cave!?"
I think I need to watch TV a bit more<f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00BA>"
Snip Snip. All this dang WEAVE !
#ThingsMyExsaid don't even apply to me anymore.
You should totally make an energy drink and call it Tiger's Blood!
Uhh. Did I just see the top of Jane Fonda's nipple on the #GoldenGlobes? I think I did. Now we can stop talking about Janet Jackson!!
Just put two and two together that this dinner won't be done in time for the draft. Let's get some big screens on
hit a few extra reps for me!
tell me you've seen the documentary to Reasonable Doubt???
neither of us are country fans, but we are tailgate fans.
I would most likely kill someone with a blunt object if I had to listen to Kidz Bop in Spanish!
HAVE to make these FT's and the game will be ours!!! Please!
is on Tuesday! Watching some tv and chillin with Bambi!
Thank you to my new models (Lilah and Jenna)!!! Sloofies may be sold in a boutique! Fingers crossed!
Tivo'd the Lil Wayne Unplugged 4 tonight..hadn't heard anybody talk about it 2day...#nogood or what?!
yes we will
Off to the gym! After a long hard day cleaning windows the gym almost seems relaxing.
No I didn't. Lemme check, one sec.
Congrats Zoe! It was an amazing show. RT Gallery attendance for "10 Years" at the : 82,501. Whoa.
this class. omfg.
My thoughts and Prayers are with Johnny Know Bears reciever 13
I hate school.
As good as it is to see #Pacers basketball back, it is even better to see people back to work at Conseco Fieldhouse
"All pussy aint good pussy"
Great Photoshoot in Kemah at the yacht club with #Heinz Weidmann, #Jen Marine and #Teresa Merchant... Beautiful sunset!!
Boomer Jr starts his obedience training today at 2pm with Melissa of CPT
Lucky asshole RT : LAST FULL DAY OF SCHOOL YAY
isn't that a little like saying "We'll win if we score more goals than the other team." :)
Come make your own cookie and Valentines Day card at the Tutt Branch on February 13th at 4:30pm. Ages 4-12. Sign up online or call 282-4637.
Haha, I think I'll pass.
You are the one, the one that lies close to me Whispers hello I miss you quite terribly
What makes coaching at the end of the year challenging?
30 minutes left of work. Then its beer plus basketball
still confused on why u even left Florida??????
That warms my heart! Glad you got in touch, we couldnt do it w/out amazing mentors like you. Are you following ?
FB starts to sell 'shares of stock' tomorrow so its probably still in 'SHOCK' ~~~~rich
Sprained my ankle while jogging today. Thanks to the urgent care physicians at Saint Mary's in Galena, I'm feeling better already.
Make Money with Adsense The cost per click on Google Adsense ads has gone up
I'm so glad you said that!! Thought you'd disapprove of my aversion to running....:)
CHICKFILAAAAA. btw, tyler had cake pops the other day and i was like, HE'S THINKING ABOUT MY SISTER. XD
you bet I will! :D
I would drive! I love Publix!
lol. Good to meet you too. You'll have to forgive me, I'm still trying to figure twitter out.
Sometimes the best thing you can do is not think, not wonder. Just breathe, and have faith that everything will work out for the best.
back on it!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
I wanna motorcycle!
Last night, I had a dream we found out who stole our Browns table and took it back.
haha yes it sure was..me and cait were both teary eyed!
Last year their malware detection kept killing our ports so this year letting them handle DHCP so each connection is discrete.
I keep getting distracted from reading the debate by how much I love the building pictured
Now we're in the part of the live tweeting I can't sleep because I need to make sure he's breathing...
stop by and talk with !
Blessed are the poor in spirit, for theirs is the kingdom of heaven. -Matthew 5:3
Don't see any connection between Steve Nashs selection Sunday experience & dove but it's better than the Frampton commercial so Ill take it.
Thanks for the Fav. We think you rock socks too. ;-)
Take care of the little problems before they become big problems. A tiny leak can sink a cruise ship!
you don't know how much I look up to you. You're seriously so strong. <3
Birds are singing the cutest little songs outside my window. So weird, because it's dark outside. I thought birds would be asleep by now.
Next up is Marian April Glebes, aka , on self, objects, institutions, and individuals.
Brandon Knight is a G.
I wish my little sister all the luck in the world on her interview today.
welcome to the neighborhood :)
Alice Cooper shouldn't have introduced Black Veil Brides. Cooper should've intro'd Marylin Manson and then have him intro BVB
OK, who's having the best Superbowl party I can crash?
I've discovered all over again with their Android Beta.
I switched cars with the mexicans. I just hope this aint the car they arrest me in :pray4:
Aw! Kinda like Owen and Mzee. Do you know that story? Friendship of turtle and hippo. :) See google!
Good Morning everyone. Suppose to play golf this morning but way too fucking cold
just like the rest!Stop talking to family for the make believe
Can't believe Chopper and Assassination of Jesse James were made by the same guy.
Tis yourself with the Saturday shout out. Go raibh maith agat (thank you in irish ) Chris Have a good one pal
That should be fun!
That's awesome....I love it there.
It was great seeing you as well. Look forward to helping you with your brand-building initiative!
yes! Sante, Mizuna for delicious food. Sapphire lounge for classic cocktails. Hope I'm not too late!
Lady date was just what I needed today.
omg thats freaking disgusting!!!
All the time! RT : Call us paranoid but does anyone else get the feeling your being followed on twitter?
I just completed a 2.28 mi run with a 19:15 pace using Check out my route in Oklahoma City! soc.li/MyYJtce
Sounds like a plan. Keep the storms up now, though. Makes Ghost Hunters more scary!
I think Beans loves your Gramma. :)
This is not music related at all, but I don't care. GO MANCHESTER UNITED!!!
Why isnt Brett Farve a option? RT As exec needing QB next year, do you want #Packers backup Matt Flynn or Russell Wilson?
you could never be invisible
Wow, is one hell of a role model. Now I just feel bad for you and #TeamBreezy. I guess he inspires senselessness.
i think i just did some good editing.
So I (Zaona) might go to the SC SCREAM tour on 1/1/12 . I'm gonna take notes cuz the artist on that tour Always kill the stage ! I mean ALL!
We went there for out departmental Christmas Party. It's good. :)
tweeting from a family vacation in Hawaii to say that any Mayor of a major city must have a solid k-12 agenda.
Was frustrated because I couldn't find the butter. Then realized I had just picked it up to look behind it in the fridge. Doh.
#read #do Psalm 145:1 I will extol You, my God, O King;And I will bless Your name forever and ever.
true but who said you can't have so many other men I your life cause I have #PrinceRoyce #Pitbull and woow many more hotties!
Just got home from John's P. Kee's concert... still dancin from it:)
don't forget the hot pockets
I don't hat you or your promotional tweets Loius.
YES :D love him!
i need to learn to love seafood. the problem is i don't even like it. #recipes? #seafoodadvice? anyone?!
for two!
I cannot DM you for some reason It is legit, no virus. I set it up today to help w tuition :)
especially a player like miller, which Davis went on record of saying they "wouldn't
Thanks Charles!
the final two minutes is a good time to commit.
Chris Brown lol
Of course Walter has a crazy plan. Should've seen that.
PLEASE FOLLOW BACK
reads like a checklist. rinse & repeat. #5 university involvement needs work; Q: what can set DC apart from NYC? gov?
: sitting, standing, walking, writhing, laughing, dancing, seeing, loving, feeling, living.
My Son Is Gonna Be 2 Years Old In October! Wow :D
And thanks to for showing #InTheMouthOfMadness last night, great movie! It was great meeting you and there.
looks like you need some expert exterminators, i.e., seals &/or orcas. Those penguins -- like roaches they are.
I am never late for my train, just super early for the next one.
I have but one lamp by which my feet are guided, and that is the lamp of experience. – Patrick Henry
There are no tweet results for "ghost punctuation." Must just be me. I'll stop obsessing now.
You working that skirt? ;) - annie
I'd die if nicki tweeted me ! She's like one of my favorite singers ! R u going to see her on her US tour ?
No doubt. Our team shared a special moment after the gm, we still aspireRT : keep your head up and keep fighting bud
Getting really hungry while adding all of these good looking recipes.
very true :)
i reaaaaallly need more views on my youtube.. lol. i have some SUPER gay videos.. but, watch them please? (: KelseyLuvsYou397
they are 25% off today with friends and family, you can use my code nsboston
It's not only because Im Bad Ass <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
well your a bitch and he looks like a naked mole rat with a wig
Single, 3 walks, run rule win #GoodGame #KeepTruckin also S/o to for the shut out
<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094> you weren't my teacher for most of the year, but I am glad to have met you. RIP Dr. Howe
actress Tilda Swinton has no patience for red carpet interviews, but is nice anyway.
I saw where they said there's this company about to come out with a gay version of the bible..that's some straight bullshit
#BCS talking seriously about a 4 team playoff in 2014.
OPEN ROOM AT THE NYC BOPPO! HEADQUARTERS; $600/MONTH. ARTIST LIVE/WORK SPACE IN BROOKLYN. CONTACT IF INTERESTED.
was great spending the past 2 days with you promoting the new sport blast (client) - have fun on the ESPN red carpet!
Happy Mother's Day all!!! Perhaps there is a sangria in your future?
It's raining mad hard I do not feel like going to work -.-
So excited to visit the parks with my Disney park hopper pass. Ah to be a kid again.
Big Time Rush in her 1º Aniversary! :D
come blog about the Broncos on The Mile High Club aka Denver Broncos Fan Group on FanNation at S.I.
just finished watching inside out, crazy twist in the end!!
nah its okay! And LOOOOOOOOOL dead. Omfg. I was crying.
The thing that sucks is I still care for you and love you more than I should </3
I love icy hot.
Something I regret is my loss of interest in reading. As a young kid I loved it. When I go to college I'm gonna pick up that habit again.
You can fool all the people all the time if the advertising is right and the budget is big enough. – Joseph E. Levine
Waiting for my gram to get hme so ican go to sleep I still hve to wait like a hour
Just watch Takers I should have played Idris Elba Role. I will in due time.
hopefully soon, girl!!
I am officially Over Obama. WTF?! He's got a boner for dog-killer Michael Vick?!
PM fun started w/escaped basset hound retrieval, has progressed to blueberry cobbler & will next move to a pre-Avengers showing of Iron Man.
no game at all, she showed Lisa her hand. Even clay laughed
S/O to the boy The realest song I've EVER heard because I do have a daughter and went through the same thing.
... says T.S. Aletta ends a 41-day period storm-less period. longest without a tropical storm in at least 70 years.
Sprtndnt wants data proving efficacy of instructional coach on student achvmnt. Got some?
stop text me
Hey love ya both :)
If you don't dance to Enjoy the Silence, I don't want to know you.
Just watched Duke beat Texas. Great game! Could have gone either way at the end. I love March Madness.
TONIGHT - Saturday Night Sessions with DJ's J-Roc & Justin George at Albuquerque's Best Danceclub - Lotus Nightclub!!!
the magazine is in Swedish and I tried my best. I'll send you the link later on today
sure am!
so does that make it better than the regular show that isnt on demand? lol
RT : I love #MFL Now following
After venting to my mom about math class, she emailed guidance and said that they need to call her... Love Nora.
ICONic Boyz and Ian Eastwood on the same stage next week who needs ovaries !
feeling so weird without my phone in my frocket
I think in marketing dollars, so I believe a new name & logo would enhance opportunity. I do like their colors.
1 little fart in the shower will really ruin that so fresh and so clean feeling
Ohh take a picture if you do! Haha I love his gingerness!
French restrnt: Toddler v excited about a "clown." Me: there's no clowns here, honey. Toddler points to short chef in puffy white toque.
Next Iron Chef. Yes.
My hair does not cooperate with this weather.
Poverty makes no cents.
Don't bunt. Aim out of the ball park. Aim for the company of immortals- David Ogilvy
1 of Da Worst Feelins to have is betrayal
there is a 5 out of 100 percent chance that you'll notice me i admire everything you do, your so different(: #followme <33
Listening to Dan Zarella challenge the conventional wisdom of press releases; looking forward to the details
Congrats to you Champ!! I'm so glad I made the trip from Mia to NJ and Toronto to see you fight this year. Happy Holidays.
I did it. The commissioner loved me. He had some questions for me.
Catch the great Clay Parker and more live music FREE at Kerry Beary's Atomic Pop Shop this Saturday for Record Store Day.
because that was their last real accomplishment *runs away*
Don't forget to text FacebookPJ to 90210 for your chance to win a #FREEPIZZA! Normal messaging rates apply.
so so excited for warmer weather :]
Don't do it, gurl. Air contains sufficient calories.
Doh! That was what I was afraid of. Need to watch it!
sounds good to me. I know somebody with an island.
#ThingsThatDontGoTogether : Drinking as much as I did last night and having access to a cell phone.
Back in business! LEGGO
#RVA we're already working toward next year, if interested in working with us or you have creative ideas, contact us
I'm sorry.
She got a healthy round of applause.
i have a thing where it predicts my next word and sometimes its like YEAH PUT FUCK IN THERE
Yes I am still here
Nobody made a greater mistake than he who did nothing because he could only do a little. ~Edmund Burke
does that mean we won't have bad dreams? :-)
Beautiful job on the post-flood re-opened Opry Mills. One sad bit is Barnes & Noble's absence.
You look like you take 3 dicks in the ass, i'm gonna call you 3 dicks, hi 3dicks.
#csa12 Gopinath: Queer diaspora studies contests hetero-patriarchal normings of the nation-state, but assumes logics of settler-colonialism
. hey guys I'm waiting up by b34 #spottheshuttle ...hear any news on timing?
Seriously, I want a freaking puppy.
I thought a few games like that were possible early on... They will learn, grow, and get better.
I know!!!! I love it
But I also want to say, very loudly, gods bless Joe Biden. Keep talking out there. -
haha no need too !! i know i definitely won't cry..i could care less about the cowgirls... until they win a darn super bowl
Ima always love my first love. I aint gonna ever forget about him. Even tho he hurt me so bad i still love him.
I cannot wait 2 get my hands on 1 of those! :D
umm im confused?
There's a difference between me and the chicks out there that post updates about #Fishing and pose with fish in pictures. I ACTUALLY fish!
Was just thinking, wouldn't that be great if there was a NyQuil for the daytime? Probably shouldn't be at work.
How long did it take him to say that?
A lot of people get impatient with the pace of change. ~ James Levine (Thanks for the reminder Dallas Travers!)
Hey N. Carolina - ever heard of some guy named Maurice Sendak? The author of that book you read to your kids was gay. Shame on you.
are you still alive!
I'm use to disappointin girls cuz they think that they could have a relationship but I can't...I travel a lot....I'm aways B Z
Just pretend your stomach turning is like the pages of a book turning. And at the end of the book, you puke.
I have small sizes...
The legalize marijuana crowd might have more success achieving their goals if they implemented personal hygiene and grooming
haha how did I know you were gonna say something to me about Marty's house
congrats. Wish someone would have taught me this ten years ago.
"I would go anywhere if I thought it'd make you happy. But I'm starting to realize nothing ever will." Tom to Lynnette
one less pumpkin
Ooh new banner arrived today :)
Whenever you got the goods. Whatever that means. I heard Grandma say it to someone in an alley once.
Hell yeah Hell yeah
I will try to come thru and support
Yeah! I feel bad now, not about the Microsoft Points. Just the fact that EA's servers are down and I'm banned from GoW3..
Tomorrow's 's Birthday<33333!(:
I'm ready! Yay!
Just wished you would've gave me a chance.
so happy to see you! wish we could have lunch breaks more often :)
We are giving free ones in the lobby tomorrow RT RT Hand jobs...
Couple of entry level jobs available in Washington, DC area. Email me at if you're interested.
ay gracias! Lol. Follow back please. I'm a huge fan. Los latinos dr alludan!
School. Could friday come any slower?
Great to hear shutouts to tech workstream cochairs at
ass hole
You Are In One Of My Stories That I'm Writing :) It's My First One In 3 Years :)
I haven't woken up this refreshed since I was born 23.9 years ago.
morning runs >>>
Attention all agents and athletes, you need to contact for all your real estate and relocation needs.
Sleep is really the most amazing stuff.
you would be an awesome vendor with www.dynamicsbeautyexpo.com
beats #Italy for the time ever!
LOL RT No I am a concerned citizen! Some cant handle the strength of the aroma! We shld make a cologne!
This fat bitch sees everyone hella crowded on the bus and she is hogging space for her laptop -_-
You guys mean Jason Day right? Jason Bay is from Canada and plays for the Mets
Having pho at Ms. Saigon in Georgetown :)
Yes. I just gave the game to someone who had never played it and let them beat it first, hah.
yeah well now i have got to go now bye
ha, how much does one game story pay?
That would be fun!!
Axe should capitalize on that scent stat. There are certain occasions when I would rock it.
Sat. & Denver Sports Nation on 93.7,5-8p as we get you ready for Game 7 w/ &
Apparently. Good to know we live in such a "post-racial society" now that we've elected a black president.
Happy Mothers Day (: Mahomies love you<3 u r so amazing! Thank u for raising the way u did(: he's amazing too(:
i am so happy for you!
we play in Grosse pointe farms and had machine pitch until this year.I coached the teams and they'll get it.its early but they will
7 days left of high school!
There is a very fine line between being sweet and being totally creepy.
I went and got help to quit drinking to day because I recognized I had a problem can I get an rt
I am looking forward to going door to door next week!
My frizzy hair is distracting me.
On March 22 join other nonfiction writers at Riata Bar & Grill for networking and critiquing of ANY work of nonfiction. See PWA events page.
someday I will be strong enough to lift not one but both of us...
New Institute for Preservation of Cultural Heritage looks to be great example of interdisciplinary collaboration across sciences/hums/LAMs.
Our "lunch box specials" are sure to delight you. Different and tasty everyday...Korean BBQ. Yum!
I wonder if any HS kids saw the verbal tirade that Pitino unleashed on his PG, Siva.
Is it twisted or sadistic that one likes to touch the sides of the open slots while playing Operation? The Nose lights up! ..and vibrates!
Gotta see it to believe it
Look is now tweeting. Follow this guy.
The left called Bush a chimp. I thought that was racist and dispresectful. Don't you? LOL
: actually methinks it drupal they are speaking. similar to klingon but without the swords and crazy mating rituals.
Red Wing players tearing it up in the World Championships in Helsinki where was all this production in the playoffs
you have better things to attend to. Congrats man... Er, good job... Er, you know what I'm getting at. Ha
I was stretching all of Act 1 RT : I can totally dance like and just don't wanna show off
Engaging! I have created a whole list of ideas to engage members and followers. I look forward to attending your webinar next week!
A Christian-Luke 6:33 And if ye do good to them which do good to you, what thank have ye? for sinners also do even the same. Cont next tweet
I don't have ur number
good game dude! You did your thing tonight! Hope you enjoyed the student rush.
Thanks so much - great to see you, too ! Thanks again for organizing #bcsm. It's one of my favorite hours each week.
Your new nickname is "Jordi".
Great play reading tonight at The Lamber House in Seattle. Tom. AM, headed to Aurora Bridge for a vigil, then headed south out of Seattle.
Heading to L.A. thought of John Wooden: "Don't let what you can't do interfere with what you can."
Inside math joke. RT : Old mathematicians never die, they just tend to infinity.
Just don't tell me you love me,you gone make it hard for me .
I have such a bad love/hate relationship with dance & as of today/tomorrow I hate it & will be miserable there.
Dropped 47 points on the heat
touché my friend! Maybe that's should be implemented at work...scream every time you send an email.
re Diesel It's as if she's daring Bobby to take Bug away with the scale of her unfitness.
- are you going to try the Ironman distance in NYC?! Should be awesome!
That was beautiful! Going to miss Regis its an end of an eraRT Thank you for beautiful and moving tribute!
Awesome school day thank you God and i got blessed with bread on my way home!! =)
Dream big...never small
I love sleep so much
umm bout that
it's a ton of fun- you can have teams of 4. is running it with & too!
Thur Entree:Garlic Grilled Quail “Tonnato” w/a Fingerling Potato, Caper&Kalamata Olive Hash, Herb tossed Arugula, Hard Boiled Quail Eggs
Yu take my breath away .
HOLY CRAP girl! This picture of you is amazing!!! Simply gorgeous. ur sis is a knock-out...keep a close eye on her
Check out
My account was hacked .... sorry for the direct messages
Hot and sour soup from three days ago, microwaved and consumed at 2AM.
why is the mls holding its championship at a time slot when 75% of the youth in America won't be able to watch?
Im Gone G.F.B. 414 Damage Mode #Have A Happy #ThanksGiving No #Major #Problems #Family Time #HoeGoHAAM #ItsProblemsHoe No Perving NickiMinaj
kentucky has country music, I'm too broke for Northpark.. so it's a good thing I love you, cuz that last one is enough for me :)
The thought of Joe on is Firebolt has just made me laugh out loud. Do they make "tall" models?
Thompson Technologies is pleased to welcome Bouchard to our team this week!
Out of the blue, into the black
Ima miss my High School Days!
(( twitter hates me here...so ill be on RL and RP worlds on the same account! its MADNESS!!! not really, im just lazy. HAHA))
Do u need a resume? For a FREE resume builder and job board follow me to minorityjobs.net
that bitch is hating
TGIF, Why? I love every day. I day trade and I can't do it on the weekends. I look forward to Mondays when I can get back in the market. $$$
Anybody know why there is a lingering helicopter hovering in South Charlotte?
Thx & twitter friends for a great opening nite!
Its almost Valentines Day! Get that special someone a great gift at Bath and Body Bistro 110 MORNINGSIDE NE.
I'm at House in midtown For talk by of Union Sq Ventures. We're milling, damply.
I definitely did not plan my summer well... Wish I had an extra week or so before starting my travels! Need a break already...
Goals convert vision into energy. When you write your goals down, you immediately start feeling the earth move under your feet.
Beverly Johnson is STILL gorgeous!
The secret of managing is to keep the guys who hate you away from the guys who are undecided. Casey Stengel
Wow, the Iron Wolf is gone.
SELECTION SUNDAY COME FASTER.
Her food fucking slapped..!!! Prolly the best person I know at that cooking shit.
#PR friends! is HIRING! Looking for 3-6ys exp. w/media rel. & writing; experience w/ b2b, #tech, #healthcare, govt. DM me!
"You insult me: I can handle it. You insult my best friend: I'm going to break your face.” <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
All of you attending #Coachella this weekend, who are you most excited to see?
don't do that! You know the #Spurs and the #Celtics would make for a food series. They both a GREAT teams.
yes! Old news, Chico.
Love being able to get refills under $1 at Also great customer service!
Headed to University to teach “The Church and the Poor” class with Thanks for the opportunity, !
thanks for letting me speak in your class. :)
great new legends roundtable "Celebrity Effect". You could have one on football players alone!
I gave my best, it wasn't enough.
as much as i try to hide it....i miss you </3
I'm really worried about those split-second mistakes you can't undo like crashing your car or accidentally opening iPhoto.
City of Chicago is well stocked with my record now. Reckless, Permanent, and Bucket of Blood are now carrying my little slab of wax.
in crested butte, devine flourless chocolate cake. I have never seen so many women roll their eyes in delight...
might go back to tm.... :o
ok :D lol
Hello to all of the SC students!!! We will have a review for Phy135bL!! So PLEASE spread the word for us! 3/31 Sat.!!!!
Wow ... Looks like somebody is having self esteem problems tonight
Great to be in such good company!
O.o
yea my fault. How u doe lil niggA
FYI only: I think I might be headed back to FL this December. Will def stay in touch in case I've any opp 2go thru #Atlanta :)
How does your calendar look for Nov | Dec? Looks like a nonstop marathon of activities for me! Bring on the lattes.
Never look back unless you are planning to go that way ~ Henry David Thoreau via
same... but now everybody listens to house... so nobody say's its crap any more...
its Thursday!! Thank goodness
With Fatah's Egyptian patron deposed, and Hamas' Syrian patron in distress, the Fatah-Hamas pact is a desperate move out of weakness.
If I agreed with you we'd both be wrong.
Ah, whenever the snow falls, Big Bill is grateful that he's no longer Mayor. Hey, Rahm, my sympathies!
Dr. Oz - a living infomercial.
Lets make like fabric softener and #snuggle -
Kerrie, what are you? I am INFJ...not an Engineer.
Bicycle rack parking for the 350 today...hoping I don't get a ticket!
Got a $60MM offer via email from Mr. Abdul Qadeer Fitrat, who found me through Google search. Mr. Fitrat has led an interesting life, too.
"Texas Forever"
Coking the daughter & I a good dinner. Shrimp, red peppers & rice. Yes, the shrimp r wild caught, & the other parts of r meal r
MT : you're aware that your ads are on limbaugh & you're happy with the placement. supporting hate isn't cool
Artist SpotLight!-New HipHop Rap Star TEF-D-Featuring The L-DON ICE CREAM 21 song Digital Mp3 -cdbaby.com/cd/tefd1
you're still here too huh! Wanna meet up w/ me & & whatever other #pubmedia folks are still around? Today 1:30/2 ACC
RT : on tonight! A second helping of some delicious redistricting.
wearing in like a cape, with his jorts, dale #3 shirt with his boots. Ahhaaa
Funfetti. Beer. Vodka. To the nights we felt alive
yessir I do! :) we should meet up. Its been a while!
Now they look crappy ha but hey I was bored :)
Cant Eat Around Black People . -Smh .
I check that account bi-weekly to see who mistweeted me. The avg is 4-5 friends. Feel sorry for the true owner
I'll take pictures for you
Guard ya face
I am very aware about this. We r workijg with MPD to áddress this
Does anybdy hate me?
Hey, hey, hey!!
that's a nasty looking twat brah
Morning busy day! Packing for finger lakes this weekend:) leaving tomorrow
Tell a nigga backk up choppa flash if he act up!
Get your tix now for PB's one-act plays at 414-278-0765 and get a free Pink Banana button! Show runs May 21-June 5 at Off Broadway Theatre.
RT : And then... > along came jones!!!
Also, my hair is unrecognizable. We're talking episode of Friends where Monica had to get cornrows in Jamaica levels of size.
Getting excited way in advance for the Great Lake Swimmers in C'ville on April 13
why did Bear trip? :D
Can this be true: Sitting in front of computer for 4 hrs has the same effect as smoking when it comes to heart attacks? Damn. Rise up.
VOTE FOR TEN! www.alabamapugrescue.org
DANA! What did you do!
Not happy with Never-sent packages (seriously?) and crummy replacement policy leaves me with three very unhappy birthday kids.
Bahhhh yeah I'm sure they would have. Not! They had plenty of chances last night. Durn errors :/ ugh.
So proud of the #Orioles right now<3
I'll be there representing on Friday in Seattle!
Wait wait wait, you're too?
THANK YOU
Can anyone tell me how many tweets I have made! I can't see it cause I'm on my iPad! =P
No matter what i do your never gonna be happy
once u hit holly
Thx to our awesome Twestival volunteers: !
made some bomb ass pancakes <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
Happy National Chip and Dip Day!
I wish he'd agree to a doggone debate.
Nick Nolte's red carpet interview on ABC was great. He had no idea what the hell she was talking about.
yup! Hope you have a good lunch!
Anyone betting on me to take 2 in a row?
I'm here, playing my schedule by ear, I may be sitting in at hooters casino ...
Sent ya a DM
love you John!!
My plan is to show him that I understand
LitFuse is wondering about a 3 million dollar idea...
thanks for the follow
The best bday gift is people telling me they taking me to bingo! (Real bingo btw not drag queen bingo)
Ah, here it comes.
JT is so much better than JB RT Justin is the new Justin.
People who succeed in the workplace create their own opportunities. You won't get anywhere waiting for a promotion to fall on you.
First person to ever tell me that I look like my mom I usually get I look like my dad lol
i intend to be that little old person in the nursing home that leads the rebellion and puts vodka in all the I.V. bags. Just saying.
- Please Hit them with a Follow!
Teams calling Lions to get the blueprint to stop Tebow,Lions are thinking of a masterplan to beat GB!
April Fools ;)
Watching Metropolis Restored before it goes off instant. Never seen it (in any version). Is this the one with Mark Hamill or Rutger Hauer?
No school today! Only 3 hours tomorrow!
Don't drink and tweet. No, really. Don't drink and tweet.
We have the DRX-9000 in our arsenal of cures for chronic back pain. It has changed people's lives. So happy to come to work everyday.
Ahh no school tommoroe (: gonna blaze with my niggas. & hit up the tattoo shop.
best 2.50 ever spent. Who complains about 2.50, seriously? I can get a publicist for less.
I saw you at sfb but you disappeared! Hi!
Servant leaders influence others to be and do their best.
nope, the last update was two weeks ago, according to the phone's info.
Go Cubbie Bears!
I wonder if anyone thinks about me when they don't have to.
Making 's chile-coconut braised short ribs. Convinced there is no way they could possibly taste as good as they smell.
RT : RT : Suffer the pain of discipline or suffer the pain of regret.
S/O To My Nigga For Doing His Thing
AUSTIN! I MISSED IT! )':
Murder mystery: Coming up at 5am: wait til you hear who's on the witness list for a man accused of killing his wife
Is this one of those moments where you have to say that because, "you're my mom"? Thanks, nonetheless.
I had the same thing, but there's plenty of twitter bugs and spam accounts that get cleared out.
thanks Proud Knight!
Superfoods - Superfoods Solution Family THE CURE The goal of The SuperFood Solution™ is to reduce the consumption of the foods that...
"Chow" mein - Hold the Orange Chicken.
Thx for following MobileErge, but it should be For some reason that site is still up, when it shouldn't be
Thanks, Cody. Appreciate the support. As a great man once said (that's me), it takes genius to know genius.
but this is the new fully Emerged me :)
Thanks so much! Have a great weekend!! :)
65 more days!!
Larry Hisle wasn't able to see a doctor about his eye twitch problem. Couldn't get an appointment until May 5.
It's a diversion. Whoever brings up the issue, looks like the victim when someone retaliates. Bully Politics! Childish BS!
I may be able to swing by whereever for a drink tonight
Why did the broken hearted dude cross the road? To find his true love<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Make sure to follow so we can DM all winners after the party!
YOU SHOULD SKYPE WITH US JS :)
Thanks for letting me know lol.
Hoping to make it home before performs tonight!
thanks for the brownie is was delicious!
Great show for you tonight 7-9 pm. Send your public safety questions to Frank Straub c/o , or tune in and call 736-0950
why what
I'll tweet a pic tomorrow. They will be open more. It was a strange mothers day, that's for sure.
are you in SA ?!
would honest increase the makeup? He probably lie for
Misfortunes, untoward events, lay open, disclose the skill of a general, while success conceals his weakness, his weak points
Seven amazing years ago today, LitFuse moved into the skinner build in downtown seattle. How time flies!
Would love to know how I woke up with all these bruises on my legs...
Watching a mobile study now. No practice test was done. So many tech issues could've been identified & solved w/ a pre-test.
are you going to stand up and shout "bingo! " at some point in the keynote?
Great to see back on campus for a few days.
I don't have a ticket
just got a email re: "my" Phillies. Sorry, I don't root for losers who wait nearly 20 years between titles.
Shit just got real. RT:: dylan's first song is comin out today... that's pretty awesome. stay tuned.
Foundations become very active policy making. Extra scary?
Court hearing to be Wednesday on request to hold Gov. Scott Walker recall primary election May 15, general election June 12
Anyone trying to email me today? BK is having email issues. Call my direct dial or email me at
It's good to know that there are SOME people out there with good hearts. God bless 'em!
I CAME FOR DUH BEER AND DUH BITCHES
$SPFM +50% today with lots of volume
What keeps life fascinating is the constant creativity of the soul.
Yep! Make sure you use #suffolk2012 !
is RYU (from Street Fighter) COMING TO MK9 as DLC?
rock she's such and insprational i love her
One thing I cannot stand is when one person at work says to another "hey, what r u still doing here so late".. at 5:07.
if there is, i'll fly out & join u. #obsessed RT I'm going to NYC at the end of the week. Is there a bus tour yet???
No he didn't, but he also didn't lead with the crown of his helmet like these dummies do now. Tatum hit with power AND skill
Less than 1 day til starts! Can't wait to see everyone there!
There's something not right about 'reporters' being paid per click imho; impartial media, anyone? Or maybe I'm just old school...
"Richard Serra Drawing" opens this Thursday, 3/1. Come by for a booksigning at 5p and conversation with the artist at 6p.
My mind focus on a couple things family school homies music wifey $ n more money .
Awesome! I think I'll check out the next game at their home stadium February 18th.
Show today: Hank Haney, Tyson Nash, Patrick O’Neil Fox Sports West, LA Times Helene Elliot, Todd Walsh, Beer Run Trivia.
this is Jake from Statefarm!:b
Hitting quite a road block after that first page of writing... Someone inspire me.
Just completed a 53 min workout with
They go hand-in-hand!
QUOTE I can relate to-Alice Neel, When I work, I work very Fast, But preparing to work can take any length of time
So are we!!! Thanks for spreading the word!!
Now you're talking. I'd toss in some and for good measure as well.
FUN with #PUNS!: With certain cashiers, things are slow to register :)
You got to put it at the end of a sentence.
Deals so #amazing they got two! Happy Honda owner see Jesse lee in
Filming interviews today for band documentary... Hierosonic in HD :)
Lizzy Donovan is my baby <3
....aint that the truth..
really? Oh do tell! How annoying? worse than an obnoxious client?
Great to meet you Paul at friday's conference!
Your so sweet and I would do anything just to get to know you and Maybe sometime in the futre we might see eachother I hope so!
Just Had A Meeting With In #NewYork! Great To Be Back On The Team! Michael Said It Best - "Just Call My Name, I'll Be There"!
yeah I'm hoping to finish Sea of Monsters today and yes I do love love love my naps
Put God first and you'll never be last.
I am really enjoying the 17yr Sherry oak, but I like to to drink around the range too. The 12 double wood is what I give as gifts.
See Recorder for free live @ Cains Ballroom. Sent the word local to 72855 for your free ticket!
Tired of crying.
DINNER, brb :)
#NAEP Science --8th Graders in science scored higher in 2011 scored higher as compared to 2009.
Thanks for coming in!
#NSTA digital native presentation went well. Picked up a picture perfect science series I can't wait to try out so lucky to be here!
"Open your blouse." "You're a dirty old man. Anything else?" "No, ma'am." I want to be married to Don Draper.
this day was way better than yesterday and the day before that . yahhyahh
Kicking off #techinmotionphilly !!
#soexcited those younows make my mondays(:
Recognized that shit, you better fucking recognized that fucking name
comin over later on
thanks for the love!
The only way to be satisfied is to do what you believe is great work.
#poziam I'm not debating sex people have sex obviously you Have strong feelings about sex & can't see beyond
Agreed! RT : Yes, it will be! It should be every week!
Time for me to spread my wisdom: "Try to avoid being stung in the face by wasps. It hurts. A lot." ~Feel free to use this for yourself...
Thanks for being our 200th follower!
Yesterday I saw a chicken crossing the road
well there wrong..and i think tht u shouldnt cut it:)
Goodmorning twitterworld! So glad its the weekend. Ready to get my outfit out for tonite and a drink in my hand. Its party time :))!
But I will miss being an egghead...made me feel smart! :)
The best friend is likely to acquire the best wife, because a good marriage is based on the talent for friendship. Friedrich Nietzsche
Feeding my face...Chicken, Broccoli.& Potatoes
wow, congratulations !
We produce high quality cinematic style videos for real estate listings in Bay Area. Video is next big thing for real estate.
true. I love you austin. Please rt mee!
U better follow me back helfa!
There should be a "i changed my mind button" after sending a text message
Back to the Box in a couple hours. It was real Georgia.
it's like a holiday at work here; everyone is stoked.
Happy Easter everyone!
You gotta watch on The Voice after the Superbowl. He's SO GOOD. You'll cry.
welcome to the texans .. should be a great upcoming season.
Right on!
Bring your body baby I can give you fame.
Picked up 500 more copies of my CD Overwhelmed / praying 4 all who may receive one and for the plans in motion 2 begin new project soon!
Thanks Riley for waking up at 3 in.da mornin screamin n my ear not crying but laughing lmao idk wt to do with this child...
and you know that's right! RT“: #sexiestmanalive the great and wonderful ”f
Have you seen the moon tonight? It's lovely right now, orange & rising!!
#Pittsburgh check out our event tonight at Spinning Plates Gallery, our art show #warischildsplay is something to see! Music, wine, and more
Latest great name find: some actually named Bulwinkle.
4-27, spoke at Palmer MS and met the Morning DJ Moby!
#oomf hates me :-(
thanks ^_^ and Lol come on you know you like it ^_^ hehe
What topic are looking for? Scarcity, production costs, budgets, etc.
If only he could have landed Peyton Ma...oh. Well, it's not like he added defensive help via the dr....oh. Wait, what??
also, apologies for all the boring tweeting. Is it possible to filter out a hashtag, as it is to follow one? SOLVE PROBLEM.
You have issues...
that video is over a year old. Yikes!
Good afternoon everyone! It's Thursday, still gotta keep it moving, the weekend is almost here, what healthy actions r u takn 2day?
Nail polish, and a smoothie.
YOO REAL TALK...YHU INSPIRED ME ND YHUR MY ROLE MODEL.. KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK :P
About to get my hair done hopefully going lighter(:
Got my sweatshirt today and it is awesome! My veg daughter will love it! (shhh -- it's a gift...)
Not feeling so bright this morning, left school early & now feeling better :)
anyone else besides these groups #a11ybos, #a11ysea, #a11yldn wanting notes send e-mail to with subject "a11y camp notes".
My son was diagnosed with PDD-NOS at 5. We had known for some time that he interacted/played differently
awe why am I your fave?
RT :Hey #sportsbiz,if you're not joining #sbchat on Sun nights, you're missing out. & do a great job!
Pages and Numbers are good for editing. May run into some font differences but should work for simple stuff.
glad to see you all are working hard in my absence. Every day in Europe has been kaffeeklatsch.
Research and Markets: Global Digital Out-of-Home Media Forecast 2012-2016
if you had time that would be great. Unless I did poorly, then send it after tmrw so im not depressesed during finals
: Notice you were looking at recipe software -- have you tried BigOven, at www.bigoven.com? (Disclosure -- I wrote it.)
i am the boss... but i suck at spanish. y no me gusta la clase de ciencias. estoy muy triste. :)
I wish I could retweet this a hundred times ": aloe vera after a sun burn >>>>>"
Just read a good quote: "We need to replicate in the classroom the world in which students are living." Not sure who said it.
That revelation where as soon as my ex left, all my girlfriends and my family say he was ugly as f*ck anyway and we don't belong!
long did you guys stick around last night?
It's official has made it known they are replacing SeeBull with !
#ThugLife All the way <U+E409>
I enjoy how you, , constantly get me to think & then re-think! You're one of my favorites. Thanks! That all I got right now.
It was my point! I Can't Believe It's Not Butter and margarine are both vegetable oil blends colored with Beta Carotene
yh it was so funny I am seriously in love with them!! And life is good can't wait for summer!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Ah, no clue why Facebook links aren't working this morning...
watching the new
YAaYYYYYYYY!!!!!! I'm so happy you got it!! And SO happy you accepted!!! :)
chica that date is coming up pretty fast... U ready? So happy for u guys!
We need a male child, age 5-10 for an important part in our upcoming film. Contact us if you can help! www.birthday-massacre.com/contact.php
hey its briana
It's 4:36 a.m here. Good morning! :)
Deadline for extended 2010 individual tax returns is Monday, Oct. 17th.
All my true friends are adversaries--and I hold them the dearer for it.
It's Thirsty Thursday an your state rep has been thirsty all day from all the beer & pork ribs she had last night at the Rib Hut! !
“: No Red Sox starter has gone more than 7 IP since April 13th - a stretch of 26 straight games (including tonight).”
<< Butter Cake equals instant happiness and smiles no matter what..;)
I wish ABC would introduce me to the woman of my dreams...
Rowing: Ten years later, Trevians rowing merrily along
No doubt about it!
it does. i only get on every couple of days. miss you!
Ok I have to be up at 5, night tweeps
yeah she did... I can forward it if you like?
You know what I am going to tweet! This Saturday...#StPatricksDay, ...ITS GOIN DOWN!
i got a new username
Computer crash creates radiology test delays at three B.C. hospitals
I can't imagine it'd take more than a week of serious training.
Just watched a recent clip of ESPN First Take, where has the talent gone? Joe Budden srsly? He said nothing original. Bring back
Smokin on the best
Love your trio work...
What it do
#HowToPissAFemaleOff tell her u cant fuck tonight becuase ur dick is sore
I hearya..and yeah he SUCKs....I agree...
IS THE UNIVERSE
"When one man kills another, one of them is dead."
no spam here, just the friendly folks at digitalfuntown
"Oh when you were young, did you question all the answers?" I've been awake since 2:30 am; Crosby Stills & Nash on Pandora understands me.
Traffic Tweet brought to you by #TacoBell: accident Westbound 290 at Mopac
Well, I COULD be mad I only got $15 in comps for beating out of $1200, but I guess now I can just buy my own damn steak can't I?
of course... looking forward to your tweets!
#CATCHINGFIRE by Suzanne Collins. Am again that nerd excitedly wanting to discuss a book 3 yrs after everyone else has read it.
This meek mill & big sean shit remind me of tha shit me & chef'd up
Round up of best viral videos of the week coming. Any faves out there?
Looks like #Marquette may get the toughest #14 seed in the Tournament. #Iona looks scary good.
So we're not counting the dancers who know him by name at the Gold Club? B/c if you do, that guy's Mr. Popular
I'm so tired I will have a nap ...z
Long night... shit, long day actually.
No way hell at least one of the people in the couple from the song "Pina Coladas" wouldn't get pissed the other one was steppin out on them.
RT : I think it is divine intervention that head of #JPMorgan fought so hard vs regs that would've prevented their debacle
Fun times albeit small crowds!
Caution about idea you can crosspost same content on multiple platforms w/out customizing
You're the worst of the best and I want it.
Shake it like a Polaroid picture
OK. The neighbor's wind chimes might need to go suddenly missing.
Aloha! Sorry I missed you during your visit.
nice job Stig ;)
Obama is twisting all the DEMs; arms to vote yes on the health care bill. What ever haoppened to a "free Democracy"?
Yea, I'm in a gang.
Thanks for following Megan Blake Design! Have a sunshine day!
amen! It's always on the days off we wake up early.
HELP! Go To Meeting has failed us. Need replacement -- phone conference feature, online screen sharing -- and record session? Suggestions?
Timbers threw up a rip mca sign on the big screen!
hey i am a huge fan of jennette mccurdy, no lie. it would be awesome if you followed me back. =)
": hell yea thts my ish... Lol"//lol you know im always L.A.T.E lol
#JamminforJamaica tomorrow night Murfreesboro! 7:00 #NelsonMcBride opens up the show! All donations go to support a mission trip to Jamaica!
The thing about 4 days of waking up at 4 am is that I am sure it's going to happen tomorrow as well. Bad pattern.
Ben Folds Five is finally back together after a decade hiatus. The new album comes out in a few months. Follow Ben on fbook and twitter!
that a cop joke? :(
leave me alone lol
I thought writing plays was difficult. Then comes writing plays with songs. Songs that aren't supposed to sound like shit.
“: I love when it's bed time, both my cats come upstairs in my room to sleep #crazycatlady <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>”
You guys ok from Irene?
American League notebook -- May 3, 2012
good luck bro
Happy Birthday to a lovely lady! I hope you have a great day and many more wonderful years to follow!
(and global connections!) :)
if you had to do a collabo w/ any artist(s) who would it be and why?
Rubenfeld Synergy - Your body is the place where your emotions, thoughts, and memories live. It is the container of your life...
Great billboard! So excited for you guys. When are you having another baby so I can decorate the nursery?!
wats going on?
At least the cubbies pulled of a win
love the soundtrack.....so i mastered it...!
I don't feel loved.. Michael says you just wanna show off that you can get a girl.. And then break up with her for someone prettier.
Many I know have been spelling RIM's trouble A-N-D-R-O-I-D
Heading to work soon, I believe I get time and a half for today, but the job is new enough that I don't know.
Every man's dream job = Professional #Beer taster! How did you get that gig?
Still conflicted though.
FWD: : Teaching a 2-day workshop at Saturn Booksellers this June. Please share if you know Michigan (or traveling) writers ...
I'm going to tackle the first random kid I see playing football in the street, let him know who's boss.
#LasVegasFirefighters have a better track record saving lives when it comes to treating and transporting cardiac arrest patients.
You really asking? You know me! This and Chick-Fil-A (and my girlfriend?) are the most important in my life.
Kerri, this time she tweeted digressive and wanton
still I hate running 1 mile
Just back from China, thinking about tweeting the trip retrospectively
Bummer! I didn't read that book either. I'd say we should all get together Caitlin's in town, but I think you 2 will be busy. ;)
how we touched and went our separate ways (guess I knew more than I thought)
Day 2: Getting a tour of Lac du Flambeau this morning. Just finished a eating breakfast and working out with a few elders.
Love that my husband carries me down a flight of stairs after I've gone sleepy with only one minor elbow bang to disturb me. What a sweetie.
Here are some helpful tips for creating that successful campaign that your business needs
You and Scrappy are there already? Nick too?
Dumbest show I've seen. You need to shut off your brain while watching that show. Hahaha but it's fun! Right ?
I'm Ready To Have This Baby !
Rolling through your afternoon with Crystal, also coming up in an hour is the Afternoon FiX with MC Nutt...
One big room, full of bad bitches.
#BigMistake spending more than $10 on a new prom gown. Come 2 our annual prom fair Sat March 17 and get YOURS! Dont 4get ur student id.
I am going to kik. right now! (duh) :)
I wish you could have heard the laugh that this produced for me! i just died.
Feels so good to be finally free from that nonsense of a dictatorship. Now time to get legit with Ascension!
And if really does represent the middle (at least of the faux intellectuals) then Europe is *screwed*
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY <333333
“It’s not the information, but our ability to use or apply the information, that truly counts.” ~Elliott Masie
hey career boi ;-) hope ur having a good weekend! xx
That was nice to see Gomes get out his own mess, but the biggest thing will be whether it translates to future outings.
we re trying
Old Bassett Furniture Plant Catches Fire The old Bassett Superior Lines furniture plant plant in the 2600 block of Fairystone Park Highwa
I'm sorry about your father. Anything you need and we're here tor you
#What2ChainzWouldSay USPA Is A No No, True Religion My Logo, Jump On Your Girl Like A Pogo, No Protection, YOLOOO !"
In appears Benedict Arnold will survive getting shot in the leg during the Battle of Quebec. He is resting while his army remands near town.
Who needs a table for this weekend?? I have killer bottle specials for the next couple weeks to help celebrate that special night out :)
is running auditions for Jinx at Act One Studios!
Girls that freak out about the word #dick ... time to
I'm coming to VA soon u beter come get me
Frieze free drink duel with continues & parties. New rule: first one to throw up WINS.
Okay! RT : Pitching coach Dan Warthen said Santana topped out at 92 on his gun and mostly was 90.
cool! thanks. which did u like. 10% off for new customers!!
Going to the #Indians game tonight! Wanna buy one of those new C-hats while I'm there, and of course dollar hot dogs.
Whew, this day is kicking my butt! Rehearsal soon downtown!
hahahhahaha you're an awesome loser
In my move I had 8-10 boxes of books. I love to read & will reread, but it's time to consider buying a Kindle or Nook.
Game day! Last one of the career!
When have you seen God's glory?
I walk on jimmy nd smoke on loud!
#Weather Bluefield, West Virginia Weather :: 69F FAIR
(frozen) pierogies fried with onions, and garlicky spinach on the side. not a bad dinner for about zero effort.
Danish restaurant Noma declared world&#39;s best restaurant -- for the third time
Holding your hand. >>
The Tribal Garden DVDs were just resent out. Merry Christmas :)
Mike Tyson - also now in Hall of Fame!! - was fighting every two weeks for the first year of his Heavyweight professional career - amazing
Leave a comment on the video!! Splurge Gang ft Waka Flocka
Fixed! Thank you!
"Steam" 3 #women meet in the steam room at a local health club staring Ruby Dee, Kate Siegel, Ally Sheedy, Chelsea Handler, Reshma Shetty
Overheard: "I'm glad you're living the 16-year old life."
Jeezy- Super Freak
Cant wait til this weekend
Loved the film! Saw it at ,Sat in back of your parents and sister. DIrector Q & A was great!
true I missed the last one
Procter &amp; Gamble 3Q net income slips
haha that sounds good and tasty and Ill be waiting for it ;-)
RT : Free public higher education in the US would cost $15 - 30 billion. (What we spent on air conditioning in Iraq &...
I'd be quite proud. LOL
Lmao when I sent her the Tarantula Milkshake. Ewww. But funny.
Looks great! Headers r 2 light and blend in to the white background. Consider diff color and possibility Google Web Fonts.
Please pray for Katie Bissey. She lost her mom tonight.
Nothing's better than dead of night. You can pretend to be a thug and fantasize about mugging someone.
Off to the beach, lots of sun, margaritas and plenty of golf!! Back in a week.
Based solely on the series as try are the eastern conference would Be: Florida vs Ottawa and Philadelphia vs Washington
RT : Sat. April 21st from 10am-2pm River Run Computers, Inc. Electronics Recycling Day here at IndependenceFirst.Recycle!
Misting is just more fun.
Is that like a Matt Diaz scenario?
Im having a tasty beverage beer
Still in line for my iPhone. Play "words with friends?" Get at me...I'm "projectmattnyc" let's goo!
Hah, clever man, you!
treat her like a princess, fuck her like a porn star
sorry I lost Your number:(
It didn't tell me the loc of the nearest copy of the book I scanned, but it did inform me of a special at DQ so, win overall
Want to deliver a great product that adds substantial value to your patients' well being? Chk out how to get your own CareShop through EBA
Copy from one, it's plagiarism; copy from many, it's research.
poo. Thank you
I wouldn't mind having one of those..
So my computer fails me during the most important time for me.
interesting place
I have no sentiment at all for the Rose Bowl. It's as meaningful as the Flint MegaBowl.
Tigers had 100 opportunities to win this game, but too sloppy. That last second shot by MSU just sucked!
DMX is definitly gonna blow up angelina oh man....
hmm, does the bear have claws? Like could he accidentally hurt me?
why do you regret getting your tatts
WORD RT more importantly,love people for WHO they are#nohate #nojudgement #nocondemnation*salutes the roman empire*
My dog is trowing up so we woke up, usually start watching show 1!hr later
R: I need something to punch a hole in this with. A: Why do you need to punch a hole in it? R: So everyone will know I punched a hole in
Wolfe and Monument Tuesday 11 to 2... stop by for lunch
pretty funny
Looked down at my car's mileage and it read exactly 79,000
Agree! They really are lovely, Nadja! :-)
You are a wise man.
"Pussy like medication for patients. " -Weezy
haha ;D just followed u back!
ERASE RACISM #Eracism #ripTrayvonM BARACK THE VOTE 2012! The land of THE free and home of THE brave
Waiting for a perfect beginning is worse than expecting a happily ever after, both in writing, and in life. Just dive in. Start anywhere.
is new to this.
I'm finding more bars and restaurants are not offering pitchers of #beer. This disturbs me.
Good girl! You promised you would wait for them to get there. Be very careful tonight!
"He may exterminate me for saying that, but he is the cutest candidate"
Great seeing you and Rob again :-)
Time for #madmen!
I miss lost.
Sometimes my Twitter feed induces cognitive dissonance. Like Extreme Channel Surfing.
Rhinos are just fat unicorns. If we'd give them the time &attention they deserve and diet:They'd reveal their majestic ways.
FBCD new faces and new followers on board!!! It's getting ready to EXPLODE to new highs!!!
someone hacked your account.
Up to 185 flicks that aren't actually good enough to watch, but put in Netflix instant queue to think about but never actually watch later.
take the audition, win the job, and then use the money to buy an iPad! win/win
isn't she great?!?
#Np Healing - Beenie Man & Lady Saw
#NFL NEWS: Draft still in first round on the 26th pick. Cant wait until the 49ers make there selection.
Suggestion: could we do the Nerf war tomorrow night :)
All I gotta say is THunder up!!!!! Lets Go!
Isn't today that Kony day thing? Interesting day to choose...
I need some Umami Burger in my life right now haha. Haven't had a burger in weeks.
want a rich chocolate tan or a subtle glow? we can get you ready for shorts & swim suits!
This game at RIT sounds like a blast - what a way to engage the students *and* the faculty!
congrats on the impending arrival, Rosanna!
Check my French.
that's just wrong!!! LOL
Remember to click "Save" every once in a while with the stormy weather today. You don't want to lose your work when the power goes out.
:) Yup. I liked the conductor/symphony metaphor.
Catching up with friends at Ladro
very good sign! Cheers!
m espresso
When I Was A Little Girl My Favorite Cartoon Was Scooby Doo. &I Still Love That Show!
anyone else feel like today was a Vampire Weekend kind of day? Tropical in Chicago
well if we are going to sware bowdlerize...
I wish I could get Outlook to play the "Pop Goes the Weasel" sound for those emails that completely redirect my day.
RT : great big idea suggests moving away from document-centric view of web archives. think about them as data corpora
Totally! Bringin Tupac back every night.
Awesome list of top 25 Daddy Blogs ! Also if you haven't checked out DaddySwag.com yet, we would love your feedback! :)
Not amazing, just lucky. I was fitted 4 my 1920's suit yesterday & found out I am in a scene w/ Kelly MacDonald. I'm so AMPED!
You like cocktails? You should follow Big things coming...
It's ongoing work. Reach out to and he and Rick can fill you in.
great publication, thanks for sharing!
two invites to sb parties where there will be outstanding food. what is funny is neither of these parties likes pro football, hah.
Dont worry about the world ending today, its already tomorrow in Australia
yes for sure...mini #sobcon reunion :)
thanks for the training today looking forward to helping #COkids and
Mr. Wright is the greatest teacher of all time.
I think i'm bi-polar
& that's what makes you beautiful.
You mean DE, not TE?
woot woot! Can't wait to see it!
didn't know about SPSS text mining - is that standard with SPSS or an add-on?
Love catching up with !
If this is my last tweet ever, know I went out eating some delicious heart-clogging shit.
thanks. Not sure my computer battery has the stamina to hang in here. Haha
Add my Request On Skype
With my pops having lunch.
Brighthouse Sports Network is showing the replay of last week's game vs. the Soul right now for those who are interested!
Heard one full song Underneath 2daz ago and still pulling my jaw off the floor. It's a monster! You gonna sing that live?
DM to explain...
Everyone's exhausted. This one's gonna come down to the goaltenders...and Ovechkin sitting for most of the past three third periods.
Houseguest = housecleaning = confronting the 2-ft. stack of poetry books I’ve yet to read…
US Marine Corps Day! "I'm not scared of very much. I've been hit by lightning and been in the Marine Corps for four years."---Lee Trevino
you two look nice so I followed
Happy Friday....Millions of people would love to be you.
Haha keeping staring these tits win trophies
Can you DM an email address I can send some info we want you to have?
Tall nonfat latte for your editor?
No she is my cousin.I think Juana is her mom
Don't deny it ...Embrace your inner "Illumanati" ...lol...Jk....I know its dope tho!
LUV you dolls:) So happy for coming to NYC just for meeting you !!
it Still hasn't hit me that im done with High School. West Memphis at that!
i thought it was amazing how he out did him self instead of someone else
How is everyone doing today? :)
Guess we might hear a certain song tonight in celebration?(Always wondered if Harrisburg, PA was the city behind the song)
We'll go down this road till it turns for color to black and white.
RT : Historic moment. So proud to see our Pres come out in support of marriage equality and full equal rights for ALL Americans.
cheddar soup from #panera>>>>>
I have the CBR. It's pretty good. Gonna take me a while to get used to the art, I think.
I really wish I knew ANYONE that still lives in
At #dcweek being marketed to by Ford with .. Waiting for digital tips from postsecrets
Never mind there his punk ass go right there
I love you!!!
ha! that's some clever sh!+! your domestic partner in rhyme must <3 2 stuff his sak in your grill, this is otown boy.
I think this is a great time to remind everyone that "it's turtles all the way down."
Um, google dog port. It's a comfortable canine carrying device. Perfectly logical destination for a coach on fight day
also refs fall for flops and flailing too many times
no more murderers nextdoor. spring cleaning with all the windows open and the music up. what a great day
Missing most of ToC bc we're heading to Moab UT tomw for a week of hiking plus a day of mtn biking. Just downloaded the ToC app!
The Seafood Festival in Pompano Beach, FL starting today to Sunday. Check the weather!
Any chance this special extends a week? How much is single day next week? I can't find it on the website. thx
Why does project Newt the winner when he is 4% behind Mitt?
trying to buy member tix for xponential but the form that confirms membership is failing with several PHP errors.
nice. Building? I love downtown.
hahaha only mine was a hardy 2 hour nap!! So stressful
Phew! David Guetta shuffled on and saved me. Doing dishes to "Nothing But the Beat" is new...ugh I need to go back to Cali
Happy Birthday XOXO
Winter is coming and Mumbai bistro it ready to make deliveries in philadelphia order online @ WWW.MUMBAIBISTRO.COM
Happy to meet you over the twitter skies!
well, hopefully the food made it worthwhile...
BUILD CONFIDENCE CREATIVITY AND DISCIPLINE at YAT SPRING REGISTRATION FOR k-12 open NOW! www.yatkids.org
Thank you so much to our speakers, partners, patrons and guests who joined us yesterday and made our 26th Annual Luncheon a great success!
Oh, and I need all 700 of my followers to go follow
Friday night, chillin with my lady in the cut, knockin bak PBRs, watchin Bumbles exceed my expectations of crap. They r turrible!
we're home! (don't have your digits, apparently)
Apparently past #Nuggets stalker (woman) gets charged with trespassing as she was banned from home games.
catch the faith inspired Innovators music group during lunch hour concert today.get more o them cokesbury shop to get a.copy of our cd
Well, it's either that or , I guess.
Website is finally up and running!! Head over and check it out!
Weekly Recap April 14th: Lost Planet 3 Announced, Capcom Vs B, GTA Launch Date? New release dates surface for Grand Theft Auto V , Capc
o not much work
Reading Chesnutt's "The Future American" as sarcastic and ironic? I have my doubts and think we should take him seriously.
It has its nice parts, but I know what you mean.
Sorry traffic bad. Hoping beautiful weather may make up for it! Welcome back :)
RED. It's Valentine's Day afterall...
the fireworks were nice....I can't wait til the 4th...I heard they are five times better
People in areas around Hutchinson 50 miles west of MSP should keep alert to potential for rapidly developing severe tstorms now.
Thanks Steve
just signed up for vimeo! fucking awesome!
The awkward moment when your bus is dead silent, and Legally Blonde is blasting through your headphones, and you don't even know it.
Hot friday night date. He said he's going to punish me. His name is Quicken.
im so tried
thanks for the reply
When it comes to texting I'm really bad at replying.
Happy #VeteransDay to all -- but especially to all who serve or have served our country. Thank you for your service.
Why is Daniels on Horford?
I've heard nice things of that place. Good suggestion! Thanks!
like three of each. If you want it to look like that pic
I'm a dude
Thank you for following us hope you enjoy our great deals and tweets.
oh you know a lil titleist D3 with a Fubuki 72 gram stiff in her
you got it :)
A final happy hour at before the office move.
My wife's birthday is today and I ate way too many cupcakes. I can't move. Maybe I shouldn't eat for another week.
Ask Tedy, What did Belichick tell team during losing streaks when Tedy was still there?
As love without esteem is capricious and volatile; esteem without love is languid and cold. Jonathan Swift
Indy Reads is very excited to start Reading Coach Training tonight! Vote for the Glove too! Text reads to 86132!
If I could get people to send me $$$ to write a series if "what not to do" self-helpers, I'd make millions. Or maybe rent.
dude this shiit is amazing!!!!!! Best zombie film/show ever!!
My phone updated. I have a sneaking suspicion that even though it says "4G," it's not really 4G.
LOL too much time on your hands today.
Following from EAV mission!
Welcome the task that makes you go beyond yourself. -Frank Mcgee
One of Pierce's two misses was on a heat check 3-point attempt. He's 7-of-9
Thanks for the Black Keys info Apparently I am even later than you!
There are more than four times as many American patents as there are species.
OMG AW is right!! <3
Yum. Wait ... I think we're supposed to focus on the health food angle.
Happy Thanksgiving!
Thank you for following!
if you were a super hero, what would your super power be?
bigger treat for me, seeing u!!!!
Almost a full moon and I'm feeling rambunctious! #DC watch out tonight!
Half of my hood Sunset Park are boricua...i wonder how they feel
Thats amazing. Any good stories?
$2 select tacos, Dos Equis Amber, Tecate and Modelo! Plus $2 mystery shots. Keep the holiday party rolling with BelAir Cantina!
:-) Oh I LOVE Rebekah, and hope to work w/ her 1 day. And am now a follower of Maria! Thanks!
TNX I JUST FOLLOWED HIM TOO
Having my assistant drive me to the airport this morning made me feel way more bAhler than I actually am ;)
Hard drugs are the entrance to the devils world
Tweet and retweet were on a boat. Tweet fell off. Whose left?
plus u got daddy to help. Can't imagine ladies who do that all alone. God bless um
Sone research show that hot girls like to date average guys. Fuck you Gym, ive never been there and now i never intend to go!
Bike ride- creeper's trail, virginia- epic! *give PEACE a chance*
This one is runnin bad - wheels up midnite or earlier
RT : “: #LetsBeBlunt yu ain uh bad bitch if u got bad credit” <U+E130> #fact<<<lol rite
. Love this movie.
At it again lets get these tracks done.....#BAMSQUAD.......#OsOFRESHGANG.....we stay fitted !!!!!!!
Thanks for the follow Mark. Hope all is well.
hahahaha not while being on the tread?
Everybody get theirself in their own mess.
Wow I just dropped my phone on my face
Could #rafaelnadal be the best? He's only 25. The Spaniard has shown he's got what it takes!
Girl, your so pretty!! :)
getting some good cuddle time with the neglected kitties and watching Being Human.
That one player that doesn't high five instead gives a fist
yeah. I forgot what it was called.
back to library land after 1.5 weeks off with the butter cow, minneapoleans, and a little stint out west.
will perform in Les Folies Intoxique Nov 19 8pm. Come see an energetic group performance!!!
keep warm and throw big snow balls at the #laker fans!!!
Monday's are absolutely the worst -.-
Watch tonight RT : Getting ready for SNL tonight. This will be the first performance for
Tell Dan Gilbert to stop complaining. Build a team around Kyrie Irving, and stop showing bitterness about losing
RT : Boxer Manny Pacquiao is not welcome We are a gathering place for all Angelenos, not a place for intolerance.
#yahoonews has said "we should get used to it because this is the world we now live in" we should boycott yahoo
Sac'rs come to either store for 25% off Sac pkgs..stay tuned 4 more BLOWOUT DEALS comin this week!!
That should become our mascot. Can we all get one?
One of the funniest weekends I had in a while !! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
There's so much pressure from Twitter to buy the new bundle.
The elephant in the room is mental health in the VA.
thank you as well
Amazing Austin
THE MANI W/ THAT COLOR AND THE MOSAIC SOUNDS AWESOME! I cannot wait to try it!
:( RT : Just want 2 go home
I don't fuck with people no more “: good living as well in dis hell we call earth lol ware yo single friends at”
Happy Birthday ! : )
Our 3rd prediction was nearly perfect. Lovely Sunday! Packers vs Eagles then Lakers vs Knicks after!
Totally remember Puff the magic dragon! Do you remember Sigmund and the seamonsters??
I really should be cheering for UNC-Asheville right now, seeing that I went to the program's BBall camps as a kid.
How awesome! You are in the zone!!!
Le Peep Lovers. guess the # of eggs we scramble, poach, flip, crack & serve each year & win breakfast for 2...pass along to your friends!
Who's this mother fucker on a helicopter
does anyone else hope facebook stock somehow TANKS??
Not even a Noodle bit!! ;)
All these couples walking around smiling n shit,wearing red n shit, laughing n shit,ain't a damn thang funny. She happy because $
Hands down, I love Gwen and her fashion sense.
Thank you for the RT!
aw, thank you! You do the same :)
with new buddy in two gents rehearsal bringin the boys back home
Willis: text forces us to rethink the medium, form into matter, how that inscription involves reading and viewing
More Santorisms: "...you have to comply with this and any federal law...English has to be the main language" No, US has no official language
Really Katy perry?? This sucks donkey balls
aww yes I'd love that!
My home sweet home way out in the middle of nowhere. Horses in pasture and boots on my feet(:
what's going on these days? I see your new app, nice!
lol I know yayyy. I'm excited because I'm currently mentally exhausted
I really wish some people came with an instructional manual because some things about them I will never understand. ......
MAN YOU GON SEE
I DO IT
Don't forget to check out the blog W.de-soto.com
#astAte misses you..
Please spin 's "I'm Not A Gangsta". I was jamming to it on the radio this past weekend! Sick song
Matte White
i know i know, it was last minute! It twas a tough decision lol
I'm not perfect...I'm authentic
RT : Q3: The bride chooses a high ($500 or more) bridesmaid dress budget.Do you think it’s reasonable?
RT Stop crying son! You going to the gym today RT : Im goin I dont think they let ppl under 5 ft in lol..
We went 2-1 today at the tourny at u turn we should've won though
It's hard to tell your mind to stop loving somebody when your heart still does. #012312 SMH !
You can slap that ni**a if he call you a bit*h
Ashanti Proverb~ One cannot both feast and become rich.
hello(: -B
That's one killer font choice. I love a good, thin san serif. So art deco. Perfect, period noir feel!
Relationship Status: [ ] Single [ ] In a relationship [ ] Engaged [ ] Married [ ] Divorced [ <U+2713>] Waiting for a miracle to happen.
People living deeply have no fear of death
rest easy for cousin greedy imissuy so much i hope you having fun up there iloveuy!
i'll be wearing pink. is that okay? lol. cuz i already packed and y'know.
twitter just told me to stop following people. k.
Have a great weekend! Thanks for your support! You inspire me to do the things I do everyday!
They play Ellie Goulding at Disney thats cool
I don't know which is worse: a dead possum, or a live possum.
Let's go #Nadal!
Ha, that's right.
Your very wrong Riley. I talk to the adults on here more. I help promote all young talent. Not just boys. I'm trying to help you
BRING IT! ARRRRGHHHHH!!!!!!
a solo ride? Sounds pretty exciting.
I would like to take this moment to officially announce my candidacy for the executive Student Council.
Nice!! RT : Bring some copies to #MEHRC2012 I need to get a signed copy for
The Haunted Mansion and (The original) Journey into Imagination!
extremely warm in madison this week, glad racquetball courts are inside
Bet Fam, its trash you gotta battle against the Midwest, I don't like to see that, but it is what it is. I want hear mad Barzzzzz.
That first webbie album was a
if it's pizza or nachos, then the answer is always yes
Finally took a moment to see all involved with the Beatles show this weekend. Then I took a moment to get a ticket.
Anyone with thin hair is going to be psyched about the Invati line from out Jan. Lots of data on turmeric triggering hair growth.
wish you were here to "sing with me how great is our God? And all will sing how great, how great is our God?!"
Watching #Misfits. Super hoodie is fucking awesome -Big T
Me: "all a kitchen needs is..." Bryce: you
I want One Shining Moment to end with Anthony Davis' unibrow being waxed.
damn Florida get it together......sheesh!
#StayStrong everyone loves you. I hope you get to live your life to the fullest. Don't let anyone put you down. Stay strong!
NICE!!! lifetime ban on the first offense is needed. the only way they think before they dope
wrapping up a two-day location record with Giant Ideas
Doug the single dad from Seattle looks promising. Note: not the single dad from Oregon.
Who's ready for happy hour?!
then tell justin 2 follow me
Thanks for the follow -- my life just got partified!
Will Ferrell is getting old, but getting funnier.
Dj's Want the Service pack to: Swag In My Snap #SwaginmySnap ?? Send ya EMAIL NOW!
": "MOM COME HERE IT'S IMPORTANT!" "What?" "Can you turn my light off?" Lmao this is so me xD
Follow me
i love the new christmas song!!! <3
Inge boo birds in full force at Comerica
ALMOST TIME FOR SOME NFL FOOTBALL!!!!!!
He being lazy again <U+E00D>
yes, robots.
Next up....EP13s, #11. [Silent video.] Americans waste 25% of our food. So...the Food Recovery Network. Less Waste. Less Hunger.
Yes, couchsurfing is definitely an adventure and I'm so with you on the falls. I have war wounds falls here in JA.
ah thanks! Was going to google that to find out.
yup. See u there. I got the coupon. :)
It can be.
I make my dreams become reality, so....HA! :D
Just put on the comfiest clothes I own, a pair of slippers, put on Princess Diaries and sitting down with a bowl of Cheeries
Ladies Day at Slaughters Christian Church - fellowship wonderful. Bro. Bill Adcock's message on Turning Points was inspiring.
although the only thing i wished that didnt blew up was my right ear lol its all good though :)
On behalf of We'd like to thank #NFL players & for their support.
#oomf Twitcons look like my dad I was about to say , yo when you get out ....
We are getting excited for March 25th.
it's critical!
One more test tweet - Will it appear on our Facebook page?
Oh my god, I don't even remember that.
my brother is trying to convince me you will never reply I believe him. you never will
When my little sister has my phone and likes the most random people's pictures on instagram....
haha omg I'm so stupid! XD I could've googled it!!
This Mother's Day we'll be honoring the motherhood of the 73% of New York’s incarcerated women who are parents. Do you know a mom in prison?
In Aurora getting hair product for my wife. I get asked if I do sew ins!! Seriously, this girl wanted to know if I did weaves!!!
"Conscience is the price we pay for thinking" - Avram Ohm
probably not. We'll see Barney's bride though... It's totally Robin
I hurt all over... Sheer exhaustion-bed time already
Inch Gauge | Alternative Energy
Tomorrow my last day.>
I hate sleepless nights, my brain needs to give it a rest. I hope the sandman visits & hits me over the head with a giant bottle of NyQuil
Who else is headed to Women 2.0 Found Friday?
I'm honored to share my birthday with a beautiful little girl who I miss very much. Happy Birthday, Camryn! Love you!! <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B7>
#1DOhio they're coming in 2013, but we want them NOW!
cause I'm in Dallas
Best looking jersey in all of sports :)
Just wrapped up playing photographer at my first photo shoot with and
Happy birthday to me. :D
aw thanks! (blushing)
What a child doesn’t receive he can seldom later give. ~ P.D. James-
thanx for following me!
and that is?
waiting for richard .-.
Message tones. Email notifications. And phone calls. What do your sounds say about you?
note to self: stop reading newspapers and start reading Astella Action news to learn about Coney Island.
Yay its draft day!!!!!
If anyone wants to sell me an iPhone 3GS let me know
bruh who are these niggas tryin to live like?! how u not make 25 mil last at LEAST a decade
It's Saturday, so you're probably out partying, but make sure to set your TiVo's to record Radiohead on SNL tonight!
Happy Birthday to Nolan Yonkman, Hope you have a great day.
Where can I get one of those shirts, Mr. Kojima? :)
They played Shadow Days this morning on in San Francisco.
Good night
that one was my favorite, too.
So today's watch was Jim Jarmusch's first "real" feature PERMANENT VACATION; the vision was there, if not quite the maturity. Still cool.
A Knoxville expat living in MKE is asking if anyone here sells steamed sandwiches like they make back home. Anyone seen them here? Anyone?
Okay, your cool if you are secretly sub tweeting me!
like clock work lmao!
I don't need an Alarm Clock. I have a Cat.
Live with Passion!! What are You going to do for FUN today?
To all our European friends.. Good morning!
What do you call your sandwich? Hoagie? Sub? Grinder? Wedge? Or just a sandwich?
Be still & know that You are in the hands of the LIVING, LOVING God!
you guys are incredible too! Seriously can't wait to book something with you guys!
See you there.
oh god... that should be fun to see
awesome lol i like just woke up
Damn you Jessica Simpson and your cute shoes!!!
so t whom ever is using my photos on twitter knck it the fuck off i never use my photos on twiter if this keeps up im deltting my twiter
Swop to northwestern
tap twice pause, tap three times pause, tap once pause then tap twice
<U+2606> "First, open your mind to someone, then open your heart." <U+2606>
you use ground coffee at home?
#OneLongDay meeting and greeting @ the #ActionOnFilm festival! Find us and say hello!
Follow us on Twitter
Tell yor mom 4 me 2 :)) RT : Tell your mommy I said Happy Mother's Day <333
There's just one word to describe the band Chicago, and that word is "groovy."
we are so excited that adults are getting signed up to be paired with students as mentors who attended this w/e's conference! God is moving
from time to time more like a news bedlam
Fuuuuuuuuck San Gennaro got Flamingo packed.
Nice. Top 2,012 songs in 21 yr history of for the next wk or so. I love Cbus's independent and locally owned radio.
based on our last convo, I think we could easily go for 3 hours. cc:
Good q. RT : I'm curious as to what breakdown used to assert "young men" dominate financial journalism blogging.
back right on top of the castle for the last dance = MVP
Fall in love with someone who deserves your heart. Not someone who plays with it.
I just seen that Will Smith video & I dont know what was more gayer, the dude trying to kiss him or Will's responding slap
Tornado warning in effect. Hurricane CATrina has officially arrived. Go Big Blue!
1989: I do remembeer your name! are you from younow?
well its gon be a good day for them
Way to go! RT : Ready to start building some great work for Help us welcome another new client,
Jack is this You???
Thanks for the RT John, have a great evening!
Today in 1992 the #Brewers (still in the AL) had 31 hits against the #BlueJays and crushed them 22-2.
Some of u girls in twitter are fucking triffling speankin for all my dudes who know...ur fucking gross #watchyatweets nigggaaa
N.E.R.D - Lapdance
My body needs the sun bad! <U+2600>
buh then I can't listen to Kirko :/
Diversity typically framed as a challenge, but it should be viewed as a learning opportunity.
Love it! That's the best thing ever!
sounds familiar. Thats a smog right?
Peter Vance is a fucking faggot. I mean that is the most derogatory way possible towards him, and the least possible way towards gay people.
Long day! Headed to Mavs vs Kings game. Need a W!!!
Having life time muffins would be awesome
The weather word is NOT sultry! Be serious. You reading that "50 Shades of Grey" too?
Greatestt newss ever!!!! I get to go to Falling In Reverses concert Jan. 25 <3:)
Just leavin 100.7 in milwaukee with interview with for and
Shout out to all the hottie mommies at the mall
Had an awesome social meetup today!
My Singer Doe:D <33 GOOD MORNING Batoul! its 6:40am rite now. Shout out to my Home Girl. F.H.O.D = Follow Her Or Die.
Look outside...IT'S PING PONG WEATHER! What a nice day to close your Chase account and get a free meal to eat in our patio!
you should always feel special when you're as beautiful as you are <3
Atl this weekend.....its gonna be epic
We hope everyone has a great Q4! "Things turn out best for people who make the best of the way things turn out." -John Wooden
This is gonna be a good year!
He makes me smile :]]]] i'll keep him <3
hey! Thats Whassup. What u gonna do?
What am I getting myself into...
watch'n A QUILLS sing 'tress' by rush on rockband... is the highlight of my day.
pretty sure that's the whole reason i was creeped out
everything would look gud on me#fine lmao
The difference between a successful person & others is not a lack of strength or lack of knowledge, but rather a lack in will
In the theater for midnight showing of the Muppets. No 3D glasses. Shoulda brought my boomerang fish.
I applaud your effort. Work was legit, dealt all the games on day one.
Ready for this duke and north carolina game!!!
Family dressing in orange to raise awareness - The Maitland Mercury
Man's inhumanity to traffic laws.
how ever much you leftt
Hi Fresh Nest!!
Those pizza look amazing!!
That was really scary
only an hour?!!
Wow Lions got screwed!!
u right
Did we do something worng?
loved you on WWHL w Andy ! You were Brilliant in "So Help Me My God" and "The Women" When you gettin back in the boards?
life is crazy right?
they're cool. Haha. As long as they aren't poisonous
. That is, where there can be leverage, conditions, and rationale for GF rev$ increases.
GM Can't have one without the other. Have a Happy Monday :-)
great win today! You guys did packer nation proud!
No problem! Lots of awesome new improvements to collaboration (private & public), sharing, navigation, etc. I hope you like it!
it didn't break the steering wheel locked up that's all. Hahahahaha!
At the visual pedagogy panel at #INCS - S Lennox's paper on Mme Tussaud's wax effigies -touch as pedagogy- a "supplement to written history"
if only BDawk were still around...
whatt?! our homie kreayshawn is gonna be there! :D
Actually loved the ad! Words with friends was pretty awesome
In our society, people do not know how to take constructive criticism. People also do not know how to give constructive criticism.
Man. I will deffinatly be going to get myself a cheerwine float from cookout after this. Then working on my school essay. Grr.Music is har.
we're talking hockey B's v Caps - prez v prez! Game 7 U'r a stoolie!
just talked to him tonight. They're headed to Terrell for some culture and entertainment & I don't mean Wal Mart.
Mark Bittman at Isthmus green day explains why he's wearing a suit: "Madison is the last bastion of progressivism and deserves respect."
Some people just prefer to send cash through the mail. I'm just glad it reached me :)
get out of MY relationship!
He's on my mind.
I love that Bill Nye had Carl Sagan for college astro
come back to Saint Louis already, mang!
I've been sleeping literally ALL damn day smh!!!
(Guess what?) You'll be mine (Mine) Hello Hello Hello(You'll be mine shawty) (Ayee, Mine)Hello Hello Hello(You'll be mine)
Funny funny ha ha!!!
. great show @ blue bear benefit the other night. the jam w/kids was really fun. bring trigger hippy to !
you don't need an expertise, just need connections!
it's frustrating when good players leave. Bummer
gonna do the duggie and call all my friends bc followed meh oh my Bieber so happy
So true! RT "One of the best protections against disappointment is to have a lot going on."
This will be our final week of Karaoke in Bellevue's Nomu Lounge... come in this Thursday evening to sing farewell!!!
GUYS! I just had a thought. Davy Jones died on a leap day so we can only have a yearly retrospective every fourth year.
It is important to magnetize your mind and engage our heart in worthy goals that you can get exited about achieving.
Helping a friend in need, no matter the time or effort, to the best of your ability, ...means loyalty
Enjoyed this! Very informative
Sitting in on the first #jenclass summer edition
2)No vengeance wanted But aren't "accidents" usually unpreventable? Has #Texas #Gun Culture made use of "accident" too easy re: gun deaths
Dad put a link out saying that Susan Stapleton is the new president at Western Michigan University.
I was Choking On Soda! Omfg.
I'll give it to you tomorrow after I get out school.
Just finished your book"Do You". It was so amazing. I'm really activating what I learned and incorporating it into everyday life.
I'm gonna skinny dip in the ocean real soon.
“: I wonder if I died would tears come to her eyes , forgive me for my disrespect forgive me for my lies ...” hip!
Not sure if you are aware during the commercial breaks your mic is open, can here your entire conversation...
Mobile and tech games are all well and good, but how about Battleship?! People love board games.
started with season 1! Got 3 episodes down hallelujah for streaming Netflix
haha that or Elton John and a California Raisin claymation.
pandora stopped working. Ef
Adrian Fenty delivering keynote at summit!
Well, I haven't left my room in three days, so you know where to find me!
Guessing hoping to throw a congrats party for Cotto?
the myth of east coast baseball is stretching pretty far if it has to claim TX as the fmr Washington senators.
I will say that has some serious burger skills. Cc
Girls who post #Nudes and complain that guys are creeps crack me up.
Sunday fun days are the best!! Glad to see u!!
Didn't expect to find so many ppl on here who are fans. I'm Honored If anyone would like an autographed Picture DM me your address.
My challenge is end-users mostly familiar with modern boundaries, searching records coded with ancient parishes/counties.
lol plan b is right. I haven't talked to you in forever. Where have you been???
Thank you Catey! Hope you and Jay are doing well! xoxo
wats up foxy
yea i 4got about the wafflehouse
People say you don't know what you have until it's gone...truth is, you knew what you had, you just thought you'd never lose it.
The Adamouski international art competition for all emerging and professional artists is soon to be launched, stay tuned!
“: Who can tell me where the dog with no legs is? (Answer correctly for a shout out!) hehe ;-p” right where you left him. Lol
Thanks to for sponsoring #SMBFW. We appreciate the bacon!
#Saints #49ers - Best game I've seen in a long long time. Unreal! Something tells me Tebow will do something interesting tonight.
Just ate...now its time for a nap
This just in .... would look VERY HOT in new #Terps uniform .... then again, she'd be HOT in a burlap sack ....
The Bermuda Triangle can get lost in s beard.
No commitments have been made to host midwestUX in other cities. We've had interest and want to explore and discuss options.
#BieberQuote: Interviewer: what is love? justin: uh.. have you ever had a dog? hahaha oh justin (: silly
23 more week school days till summer vacation! (:
Follow back?
Four hour nap. #bestpartofvacation?
With Eyes Open And Ears Tuned We Engage In Creative Action.
It's a fine day to be alive in #Milwaukee. Go #Brewers!
Driving to work today (sorry Jim, environment) and southbound LSD is at a crawl.
#Knicks showing some tenacious d in Dallas
When I'm biking and I pass a cute girl I casually take off one hand because, duh, I look way cooler biking with one hand
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E> just left the city to go to Baltimore....
Go to fatsickandnearlydead.com time to change our lives.....
It is not what we take up, but what we give up, that makes us rich. -Henry Ward Beecher
thanks for visiting....happy birthday to your brother
I love me sum she always has gr8 tweets... and she's beautiful also!?
I got little sisters that I have to take to toys r us at least twice a week untill we fill up the basket.....we leave
I'm told it was "Beat The Hawks". Not sure the #Redsox could beat them either.
Everyone keeps saying your gay .... Is that true
U Gone Wish U Did Right...
If you are still having issues with your browser please contact our customer support: thx!
rt this if you love sarah<33
I'm gonna go to Cali in the winter & try to tan.Haha imagine how many horrified looks I'll get.Yea well my winter consists of 0 deg. weather
Tess just said "oh narts"..what does that even mean&where did she come up with that?
Edmond = slow moving trains. Every. Time.
Two thousand dollars for ice? I can get an Eskimo for two hundred dollars and make my own ice. ~ Horse Feathers
Thank you! <3
Whew...long day! Glad that dude is finally sleep...he was bouncing off da walls. Still love him though.
Get better. <33
Hey liam<3 follow me?:)
.WARPED TOUR PLEASE? DETROIT! only reason i will go so go! <3
Any haikus you want to send our way?
removing Kony is a noble goal, but underlying probs also have to be solved or he'll just be replaced by a new thug.
Should teachers and students be Facebook friends? - San Jose Mercury News
Pete must be beside himself -- BonIver!
#10ThingsThatILike making simple, easy choices to be eco-friendly
Coming up only on 8 - a homeowner pulls out a gun to stop some burglary suspects. The details on at 11.
#Aquarius MB guy of the day: Roc
I agree (:
awesome cute, you are blessed, nice blog as well. I've spent the last 2 years building something really special for networkers.
My dads ringtone is tryin to catch me ridin dirty hahaha
It sucks that my parents won't let me pay for 's fan club
ugh waiting till i get home to see him, sucks! gah!
Seems simple enough. Depending on how big your cups are.
Getting my hair cut today and will finally have time to do some Haus work!
:*** TOMORROW U KNOW
Bye bye Bulls...
a great song woulld have to be sterio love
Oh haha ya that always helps :))
Patriots vs Giants! 2007 rematch! Superbowl!
thanks for following, Ronnie! Follow-back done and done.
yo tech I was right next to that girl an dude at the vegas show that bitch was tripin stupid
as max with the dog :)
have ooddllleesss of fun, love!!
we will do any number of discs, guarantee the cheapest price and fastest turnaround. visit us at datadisc.com and get a quote!
listening to Mark Levin's audio book "Ameritopia" on the way to work.. Just got to the chapter on Alexis de Tocqueville - and wow!
I.LOVE.COLLEGE.
thank you brother! PLAY harder! This isht is FUN!
"Complexity does not equal value"
The most blatant lie known to humanity: "I have read and agreed to the terms of service"
Notes from my Kindle: 's Hard to Say is followed by a book called: Her Husband's Harlot. 'Tis good, dirty company to keep.
trying to get u me and tommy together for a practice
so follow me
What will you do tonight after dinner is made and kids/pets are happy? Make yourself warm & happy with some healthy tea!...
Austin is almost taking off his braces :'( Ladies if you think he's sexy now imagine when he takes em off *.*
Yes, I promise I will do plenty of Victoria for all the #victorians tomorrow ^.^!
The sun is always shining somewhere; <3
Good morning Austin....
Learning about board member fundraising from Chris Sommerich and Derrick Feldman- great session and presenters.
that works too hahaha
Responded to FIRE @ 115-43 219th St, Queens, NY 11411. Red Cross auto update.
Speaks volumes about the guy if he's willing to protest plus has an outstanding bill at the restaurant
Omg i love
This bitch is annoying!
how about a re-tweet and a follow for America's largest entirely student run financial institution.
eeeeep! I can't wait ! Let me know when !!!
clothe me... its getting cold out
Going over my student loans, Clown College seemed like a no brainer... but after 9/11 clowning wasn't the cash cow it used to be...
I got another puppy today! :)
lol jokes on you
You shouldn't fight a battle if there's nothing to win.
Oh goody my moms talking shit about me on the phone to who knows. Okay. Great.
Dance rehearsals !!! Because now Ive been asked to preform for a special event !!!! Awsome !
Why doesn't our gov borrow the equipment from other countries to handle the Golf oil spill.
The day everybody believed! Happy Easter!
Great to hear! Great parents make great kids :)
I LOVE YOU TOO (:
I just txted you
u speak the truth. I mean who the f would wnna have 4 wives at the sm time?!?!?!??!
RT : The Productive Scholar: Today at noon in Princeton's Whig Hall: Lecture Capture Apps with Angel Brady. Please come!
when a group of guys make it well known that they're checking you out..that shit is awkward
2 weeks left to collect UW student sigs. Meet at 11:30 or 1:30 in front of the Madison Fresh Market on University and Lake St.
What store around here has the pineapple white owls??
space mountain!
You don't "train" leaders you "develop" them - a subtle yet important distinction lost on many.
no it's not. Tell Marla to get out of the bottom one I'm afraid it might fall on her :/
I Feel Like Slapping Everyone Around Me!
When we start our archivist rock band, I will just start screaming random phrases like ARCHIVAL IMPERATIVE
It's not how much we give but how much love we put into giving. - Mother Teresa
THAT made me laugh... laughter is good to soothe my soul.
can i please get to 300 followers before midnight 2 hours hit RT
Drinks tonight to celebrate the day of my birth! Who's joining me??
you are awesome!! blind start sprint are the best :)
yes! will DM you!
God damn it. I get it already!!!! Jezz!!! RT : New study shows single people die younger than married people.
Following for updates on #rosander hearing.
Caucus Experience: Awesome! I won my first campaign...I was elected as a Precinct GOP Delegate and Precinct GOP Secretary!
going to head to little 5 tonight. Going to the porter. You guys should join
Pretty sure this bus just never showed up. I guess #metro drivers play warm weather hooky too.
M&A Tip of the Day-Make sure your financials are in order. When it's time to sell you will be thankful & your business will be worth more.
Happy May! 3 days till NYC :)
Guys it's May. And May means Bamboozle. And Bamboozle means it's the best time of the year.
R.I.P. The Clubhouse in Tempe. :( You will be missed.
M, LOL am looking to get out early today, a very long week
I've put `<remote-ip> <app>.dev` into a hosts file and accessed a pow app that way. I run IE tests on a VM that way.
follow come see them April 15th at the Harley Museum Milwaukee's WingFest
Thoughts and prayers go out to comedian Patrice O'Neal + his family. Get well soon.
I'm not ashamed to admit I'm an ass guy. #SoFatINeedaLapDance <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
It doesn't matter where u r n ur Life, it's INEVITABLE that u'll encounter unconditional #Love... WhatchuGonDo when it comes for YOU????
Yes! The G8: "human rights & fundamental freedoms.. birthright of all individuals.. including gay, bisexual or transgender individuals"
I want a baby #Tortoise :)
I can no longer deal with people who can't park in the lines.
Build your audience. The most valuable thing you will have in business is your list! -
finishing re-reading my #screenplay for my submission! Feels so good to enter a competition!
Party at my crib!
They are used to plug bullet holes.
O, a snow "storm". At least that is what news called it. Only 32 inches less than last years storm!
Twitter and Facebook are allowing us to find out things before news breaks, earthquakes hit etc - how do you leverage that?
how do i get your fan mail address ? <3 11
Yeah aren't you a great friend ...
Don't forget to sign up for ISC East before October 2 for "Early-Bird" pricing. And when you get there, say hello to the SS&Si Team Members.
Maybe cause it gots all our guys in one?!?!?!?
Whose dog walked around the neighborhood today?
#shitfangirlssay i love them more then you. So stfu.
I care!! Lol I get embarrassed looking so rough!
LORD HAVE MERCY ON US ALL
For those of you who don't vote for a catholic or christian president: it's called freedom of religion!
Life is like a ten speed bicycle. Most of us have gears we never use. ~ Charles M. Schulz
send your music link to,
Idk man I just really love and miss seeing and they have a show the day after my birthday but its all the way in PA :..(
Love it, thanks!
Butting in: I didn't think he wrote Underneath and Kickin' In either. Right? I thought I saw the list of the writers...
To next psychiatrist: "Do you want me to drink myself to death and strangle you first? Then pull out the little pad and write the scripts."
Ideally, you can use Hart as trade bait for young shortstop (Mets, Phils, Marlins, among others). Gamel in mix at first.
‘Carrie’ Remake Lead Actresses Shortlist; Director Confirmed via
bad recollection on my part...knew u'd have the answer. Enjoy the media questions on pace, the bs has started already
And, I see that still remains true. I'd also like to add that you resemble a poor-man's Peter Jackson.
“: Walmart has championship belts on sale by all the packer stuff lol”oops. Buy me one
OMG, the season finale of the Vampire Diaries!? Not sure how I feel about it yet :/
#callPETA and order a bucket of #KFC continue the
they dont hold real niggaz back forever
: Big sale on Cressey and I's new Functional Stability Training for the Core product ends tonig ...
Thanks everyone for your support!! I'm going to eat a ton of food now :)
Yup, still here. Couple more weeks and then a small break before I return again.
I don't have any nice sneakers, aside from my Adidas Millenium Falcons.
I love her name...what a cool name
It's great that everyone everywhere is doing CLYBOURNE PARK. On the other hand, does everyone everywhere have to do CLYBOURNE PARK?!
Goin to the movies . :)
Why do we need an excuse? In the '93 diary there's a table ranking boys: "Two-Faced-eness" is a variable. We should do this.
Happy Saturday! Its warmer, the snow is melting and we are open until 4PM!
That'd be interesting if Room Raiders came to my room!
shiittt :( how did he die? thats well awful
my pic is not made for twitter...im an egg...:-)
Kaitlin Clinnin's calling for more holistic understanding of digi-real embodiment
Headed to see my probation officer...50 Cent's "In The Club" is playin on the radio..REMEMBER WHEN THIS SHIT CAME ON IN THE CLUB?! KKRAAZY!!
Today's just a shitty day.
to know me is to to know I'm always late with everything
George Zimmerman who killed Trayvon Martin after stalking & forcing him to react inorder to use deadly force is now seeking online donations
Man if u follow me I will follow u back
Another vegan actress! We need to start a club. :)
wtf is wrong with Avon?
Might as well stay home if you are voting third party.
Very excited for two great shows next week! Dec 1: Love of Everything w/ Max Dvorak! Dec 2: , , Now Now, & !
Huge difference! IMAX has explosive sound quality.
If anyone's college would like to have us play, let us know!
"my boobs will hear about this"
At Persons of Interest in Brooklyn. Love this barber shop.
In September, a tractor-trailer crashed near Terre Haute, Ind., and precipitated a traffic jam when the cargo caught fire. The truck was...
What it do
totally wants to be that guy. I can picture him dancing in that jacket. :)
i <3 what kids say! "i'm allergic to dogs & cats." as he walks away, "that's when i had the asthma." - kindergartener
Go b's Ovechkin is ruthless, Flatten em Chara!
where you working at in tha ville?
Dance for me one time dance for me two times clap that ass 4 times as fast make me smile
your sermon really left me feeling convicted and completely spoke to my heart :)
use the tub.
I hope 2 play a role in helping u do so! This yr it's a really good team & a state-of-the-art facility.Hope 2 c u @ the ballpark.
every min we spent together was the best for me.I loved you so much and still do:( </3
Work partay tonight! I might get there right at the start so I can wander around emp before the fashionably late show up.
what kind of motorcycle do you own? Which is your favorite bike?
I'm just a small part of , but I'll help you out however I can ;).
They were the fox game too. ENJOY BEING THE RED SOX
Opening day! Time to get money come in and visit
Good morning. great tunes on your youtube page.
dont say that al sharpton will get u
when is the beta coming? I'm ready for some podcasts on the go.
Today's the day! Last day to register with the Early Bird rate don't miss out!
ed class 2day. :(
Premium support is a polite term for a coupon that loses value over time. The #Ryan #Medicare plan spells insolvency for seniors.
yeah! :D
happy mothers day baby. ;)
It's "Bobby" DeNiro. ;)
its just not the same :(
ya know, i'd be lying if i said i didn't want the same thing ;)
Business Networking with a heart service. #Others1st enjoying Tammy Mutter's presentation.
some one DM me(:
I just saw a bird hit the window in mcdonalds right beside my head .... not gonna lie it was pretty funny
lmao hit that bike!
Where will UNM's Darington Hobson go in this Thursday's NBA Draft?
Who's Your FAVORITE CATER?
That's it! Police salute... #MardiGras over!
#WIFYR morning session is over; wow, we covered a lot about contracts and business. and a little about world-building. All good!
rock on!
Game 7 Heaven is Wednesday Night! Cheering loud and proud for the Bruins #BeacuseItsTheCup !!
We lived catering lunch to the #gothicon attendees today. Stop by soon for more good eats!
Thanks for following, Debra. I have sent you a direct message, okay?
yep that was me
hey stop pretending to be on CSI Miami. You weren't even on The press release.
Ima be posted up chilling all weekend. No Kam. Thank u
If people are made for each other's fate, then how could they not left, still destiny will bring them together ...
We're making a SPOOKTACULAR HALLOWEEN table display right now! O!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
If my last tweet sounded dorky, you just haven't recognized how inherently cool press conferences are. Getta ask questions and stuff = cool
And they do this daily?
lololol welcome to my tweetin party party party
hopefully no more waiting :(
If you press me to say why I loved him, I can say no more than because he was he, and I was I
SAY WHAT?!
So ready for the month of may! It's by far my favorite month of the year!
Occupy Atlanta
I have faith in your abilities.
I won.
Eternal sunshine for the spotless minds
favorite player to watch growing up? Penny Hardaway?
Out of the 11 million players you are the first case of virtual indecency
OMG YESS ! ESPECIALLY ON MONDAYS!!! 20
It's BIKE MONTH, OUR 4th BIRTHDAY, and a GORGEOUS DAY! Triple threat! Stop by and see us, y'hear!
If you don't like butter, you have no soul. Make reservations for tomorrow's Bacon Butter & Bourbon at 694 Wine & Spirits. (312) 492-6620
I wore shorts on a rainy day:'(
older players have to scratch their heads when last place is close to what then won. Just would like love of game
I do not understand either. I guess the ask for too much of her and the get disappointed everytime
Words cannot express how happy I am :)
signed w/ the Lions
I could go for some morning sex and a blunt.oh yeah and some fruit snacks
Adopt the pace of nature: her secret is patience. ~Ralph Waldo Emerson
no invite for badly festivities?
Oh SAD!!! RIP Maurice Sendak, “Please don't go. We'll eat you up. We love you so.” <U+2015> Maurice Sendak, Where the Wild Things Are
Is in love with
I'm not allowed to bet, but if I could, I'd bet on you.
Well it's gonna suck tonight sittin in the stands almost my whole track meet...I can barely do any of my events <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
Thanks, I'm really happy with how this came out. Nice job !!!
Spending my day off rustin in Tustin. That's what I get for putting off car repairs for so long.
Q1 Be confident. Dress the part. Take on added responsibilities. Don't always run to other staff to handle patron conflicts.
You can now get vagina at Barnes & Noble. Wait, "nook" is slang for vagina right?
Toothbrush Express offers great discounts on Breath Remedy Replacement Brush heads and most oral care products.
A Crossed Arms pose is a well known defensive posture that attempts to protect oneself. It is unsure, insecure, non-alpha. It's stupid bad
You a basic ass, simple ass, dumb ass skank hoe if you believe STD means 'Suck this dick' ...hoes these days getting dumber by the minute
I hate it that NARAS/ LA hosts the Grammys in music capital of world and we do not get to see it live on TV
How's your desk look today? We went looking for the messiest desks in the Twin Cities. See what the clutter says about us tonight at 10.
Lawrence Branch, 55, had been fighting with his son, Joshua, 31, about a swamp cooler, in Farmington. And then he shot his son in the thigh.
Romney compared to an Etch A Sketch, stock soars 300%. I just bought 2000 shares of Silly Putty. Now waiting for the comparison to Gingrich.
got to spend time with Jim & the brains behind Firecrest! 40+ person Tri camp loved wheel tech.
You shouldn't blame it on the sunshine, or on the moonlight, or on the good times. You should just blame it on the Boogie!
Life is overrated but it gets better as you go. (:
I think i'm about to jog the rest of the way home.
it's okay...happens to the best of us.
Mine is still in the box.
We can't wait to welcome you! See you soon!
New Futurama in June? Fuck and yes.
Dreaming isn't like fishing. You can't sit there n wait for a bite. Its like catching butterflys. You have to chase it
90% of all the oceans' large fish have already been removed from the seas. #odd facts
You keep saying you want your knight in shining armour and you keep looking so hard for him, when in reality he's been here the whole time
Me me me ;) RT : I'm thinking a-state for college. Roommate anyone?
Did Jay Buhner just refer to a flare basehit as a "duck snort"?
Up on time finally set my alarm right!!!
To me, people live at intersections with various differnent in-routes, exits. Art lives there too + can also come and go.
it's kinda funny when guys act gay with their friends but if you start saying "i'ma rape you, foo!"....that's kinda creppy.
Just got out of skool:)
doesn't even relize that a simple "hey, hi or hello" would make my life! <33333.
well hello Twitter... how I've missed you today!
Hilarious: just previewed a scenario by which wins Michigan...
Kauffman panel started with bit of an embarrassing display of wet kisses from the libertarian moderator to the 2 libtns on the panel (of 4)>
Everytime you hit her from the back, make sure that she hears nothing but gun sounds #BANGBANGBANG!
What are the probabilities that the #unbundledu predictions actually come true?
I'm weak at this nigga with these purple shoes on #XFactor smh
damn it, I forgot about that session.
"Every day is a gift - even if it sucks." Sherry Hochman
I love ridin the bike wit my popz so relaxin
Roses are red, violets are blue, i'm not good at poems.... Nice butt.
not as much as they like their bottoms to be.
I agree.
Love love love that Matt Bomer is on #Glee tonight.
This rain <<
Is It Jus Me Or Do All Old Ppl Be Mean As Fuck Haha
"Nothing I see can be taken from me"
Dear face wash commercials, nobody actually splashes their face with water like that. Sincerely, my whole damn bathroom floor is wet.
Well, I'm off to mow the moss...I mean grass.
Without morals and values, we are as nothing...and become as mirrors - a reflection of what radio & tv want us to become.
Thanks for the #FF! Nice start to the weekend! RT :
I'm sorry...how was your night?
Never trust a computer you can't throw out a window
well hello ;)
Wow did February fly by! Come by Enoteca tonight for our new style of cheese or meat plates!
Uhum we'll see RT : ima hit you up when I get out da shower..
Man the struggle is real out here
Can't believe jeff fuller didn't get drafted either
Lml RT : I would rather go with a MONKEY ! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D> lmao
Sorry, you just made your roommate sound fun!
It's hard to choreograph to Apologize !!!!
country must be country wide
RT : We're glad you think so! What's your favorite? Interestingly, 2010 Biltmore Res Chard & 2010 Banner Elk Cab.
I'm wondering what the chances are that Manny Parra actually shows us something to give us hope today. I'm thinking a 19% chance.
“: Cinco De Mayo coming this Saturday... get ready!! Taking Party Rock to a whole new level!!” uh lets goo!
take home msg: to connect with your peeps at tradeshow, go w/story telling & allow ppl to experience the joy. immerse them!
Today Monday means work potluck... Sounds good to me!
I hate not going out but I LOVE waking up with no hangover....and to my mom telling me we're going shopping....and to my EuroTrip tomm <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Battier is the best player out the bench today.
so entertaining.. i can predict it. hahahah
Always paranoid the work coffee is decaf so I chugged it. My heart is racing so it's probably regular.
Sunday night already?
who goes too YES prep southeast campus ?? :))
I love u merry Christmas best friend!!!
when I was in architecture school classrooms were ttaught in the round- made a big difference
Today's #scms12 question: BEST PANEL/PAPER SO FAR? To answer come to Hancock Room, Mezzanine floor. Make some history.
what picture?
Oh. Then no. LOL.
not tonight, but tomorrow and Saturday is gonna be crazy!!! I'll hit you up tomorrow.
I can't wait for #Believe Boyfriend is amazing! Proud of you #Belieber please Justin notice me! :(
$5 cheese steaks this week!
Hoes be fuckin it all up for themselves sometimes smh.
SUSAN is Coming to BodyTrends...
Without goals, and plans to reach them, you are like a ship that has set sail with no destination. ~Fitzhugh Dodson
I don't have that kind of patience.
Forecast for Friday Night: Partly cloudy in the evening. Becoming cloudy. Patchy fog overnight. Lows 54 to 59. Light...
I have a small bank that I put my change in when I get home from a day of shopping. And when it gets full I roll it up. And I rolled it ...
“: No offense against #SirPaulMcCartney, but this ain't how I wanted the Grammy's to end.. C'mon now..” WE WANT ADELE.
thanks! That really means a lot
And the last performance of the evening is "Touch" composed by alumnus and current Juilliard faculty member Brandon Lee
Just wanted to say HI and THANK YOU to all of our new fans! Woot!
"We're trying to make the [college application] process more simple, transparent, and accessible." - President Caperton
Off to North Put!
they're even harder when you have player salaries and budgets to worry about too...
Heading to the #flowershow preview.
Maroon Squad! Spring game 6pm Roy Kidd Stadium
Ask - he would know the answer to such questions!
Me voy a a la mierda...
I have Bieber fever. Bring me to the hospital to see Dr.Bieber!!
did you mean to put #35>33?
#monday blues..... Blah!
next week flying back to Holland trying to beat the jet lag by returning within 100 hours.
Loving being fueled creatively by the sun shining into my window on this gorgeous day. 70+ in San Francisco in November, yes please! :)
oh wait, your fake. ahahahahaha. fucker.
My Mom believes in the cleanliness of the cat bath. Her spit on the used tissue in her purse to keep our faces clean?
oh no
I Rather Be Single Den Be Mistreated, Lied Too n' Cheated On!
Snack on more strawberries, red peppers and orange juice to help maintain healthy vision
Good morning, the weekend is here!
“Our Milwaukee 4 Haiti” Fundraiser to support victims of the earthquake in Haiti
"Mini-Mamba" aka "The Glock" - cuz you can shoot. RT if you like it
Quote of the night...."I only come here to read this is my library." -Jaime
no problem...when u get the chance.
syrupy sugary orange juice.
All my memories..real shit ill never forget
Painting chairs at the starlight theater in Balboa park! Hey, geeks can do other things too!
thank you!!!
Yes! : We're too afraid to admit we're afraid. Ignoring fear doesn't work. You have to say hi & invite it along for the ride
pm your user id
Wow...watching paper diamond tonite was like seeing an onyx concert in fast forward #dubstep ?
[rubs eyes] Wait, you mean to say Chad Billingsley has better stats than Clayton Kershaw?!?!
Stoned watchin videos n lookin at pics of all the good times I hav had throughout the years. Thnx to all the ppl who made it a fun journey.
“: here's to the kids who are badasses & yolo everywhere.”
one of those days where you do a difficult thing in good faith and get called a lot of bad names in exchange
So glad that the truly talented swept the #Grammys! Still not sure what Nicki Minaj was thinking...just bizarre.
God is truly blessing us.....
I want to be the next big comedian. Need financing now!
Yes! Just signed up. RT : Hey, Mike! Are you going?
*answers* Hey *Smiles* Invite everybody you can.
You followin me girl! Ya little Lab stalker,let me see yo face! Merry Christmas my dear friend and a big hug to the Teddybear,MWAH
GREAT interview w/Eric DeCosta on #NFL Radio... Just had similar convo w/girls about lax...1 player does NOT make or break a TEAM!!!
Hello Portland
#TEAMSAX NEED Serious PUBLICIST AND BOOKING AGENT #RT #Need booking agent and publicist Dm me your info
ready to show FloydMayweather that invincible men only exist in the movies...
Looking for more info on Texas house sonogram HB 15 Bill, if it is going to commitee tomorrow, will testimonies be allowed and when?
you never called..
if i fall , can you let me down easy ?
Thanks for following us. Cheers!
how are you?(;
it seems like the times i need you most, you jus dont care.
why do you think I love lions?! Haha
You're something special & that will never change.
You know what! that wasnt even a joke i was jus sayin some shit-__-
Thank for the follow
Best part of the new baseball season is the return of The Network.
Correct me if I'm wrong, but when an online news article says 'Scientists capture 1st known picture of ___" & there's no picture? MAJOR FAIL
GET SOME FAT BOY
yes you should come fo sho!! Ha! How much are the tix?
“: RT : Hey adorable couples who constantly profess your love for each other via Facebook, learn how to text.”
omg thanks for the reply!! made my day :)
Do you think Ohio prisoners should pay for their electricity and why? hit us back at
My main goal is to find a job. Hopefully it happens soon. :)
That awkward moment when Directioners are not jealous of Danielle & Eleanor, but of a baby, a koala, a tootbrush, and a mirror.
Wow. This guy draws some dubious conclusions, especially on success and civil liberties. #9/11
Thanks for the mention, Jalisa! Back at ya!
#Marlins win. #HEAT win. Let's do this #panthers!
Haha, white button-down shirt, pleated skirt, black jacket, ponytail. I'm all set.
YOU DON'T HAVE TO BE NAKED TO DANCE LIKE A STRIPPER
in case you havent heard is giving away 1000 dollar marketing packages during for month of October for ONLY 10 BUCKS hit him up
The convergence of Cinco de Mayo and the Kentucky Derby this Saturday is the event-drinker's dream.
I hate when I mistype... obviously meant 1st PLACE
Yes my visa's finally activated!.
please tweet and follow I luv you<3(:
Thanks for the tip! It looks like I can get a phone at the Orange shop at Whitgift Ctr, blocks from
No gigs this week! Gearing up for sisters wedding Saturday. Leaving tomorrow for it. It's at the beach!
Completely drained after a long run this evening. Time for Fatty McFatshit to drop some lbs.
Come in for our ALL DAY BLOWOUT SALE today!!! Buy any one item get the 2nd at 78% off!!!
Rs Gold » Blog Archive » Easyly to create Runescape earnings For ...
In WWE'S "50 GREATEST incidents" doc...the Montreal Screwjob is only #7. Are you freaking kidding me?
Getting money the fly way
I love your new video:) I have watched every single one:)<3
Every time I finish an HTML project I feel absurdly proud, like I just climbed Mount Internet.
Forgot how fun it was to go play putt putt on dixey highway and then hit baseballs afterwards
Clap your hands if youre working to hard, and the beats so hard youre working, working
I agree
lol. Oh, didn't think someone would that seriously.
While breastfeeding may not seem the right choice for every parent, it is the best choice for every baby. ~ Amy Spangler
I just died. Couldn't love you more for playing Austin. That song got me to like country so many years ago.
5am is really early.
Looked at this pik on my wallet never will take you for granted you are my help and my future ily
That'd be awesome! We are looking for a few great designers and developers. If you know any, please send 'em my way! :)
<------ everybody follow her,!
morrell hates you too
BACK in service, but may take a while to get back for those that tried contacting me in the last week.
You guys have a nice little Saturday tradition. “: I'm at George Webb w/
Plan also involves looking at Elkton Road development and potential parking needs because it is becoming an extension of Main Street
Liar Liar pants on fire. It could be her as well haha.
I think you know girl ;) lol
Once again, rude to those with disabilities, and not ADA accommodating. Will be flying other airlines from now on.
Me too. Nighttime is when I have the most energy to get some work done. Sleeping for 8 hours straight is overrated. Haha : )
Like, REALLY, Rick? C'mon! RT : Distinctly Texas problem: offensive name of your family hunting parcel.
OMG OMG OMG MY LOVE IS ONLINE!!! WOAHOOOO to bad he will never see this=,( BUT OMG <3
and I had high hopes of it be somewhat uplifting.
FINALLY OFF 12 LONG HOURS.....NOW I HAVE TO CATCH SOME FLIGHTS<U+2708><U+2708><U+2708><U+2708><U+2708><U+2708><U+2708><U+2708>
I am not able to judge another person's heart or their salvation, but if Tebow is truly saved then God loves him.
I'll start...
I agree. I am a real estate broker. If you need help, let me know.
I hope everyone has a safe and Happy New Year!
ha. Hahaha. Ha.
Thanks for sharing 's post from our blog!
OMG THANK THE LORD, austin is only going for 3 months YES FUCKING YES
Vegas can't set the lines high enough for the Pats and the Indy games. Bury them flat and teased
False assumption that DL will plateau. There are a million new DL in the US in Fall 2009 (21% growth from previous year.
If you ever get a chance, take the easy way in.
You can also go fuck yourself Bitch !
omg Tiffany!!!
Im mindless and i know it :-)
Nearly 1/3 of ALL Americans are currently obese & another third are seriously overweight. This phenomenon cuts across race, class & gender.
Ha! I love Raman noodles. I actually have no problems with peasants and beggars. It's just a quote from the movie Krull.
*jumping jAck* that's a funny ass fucken name. Like what the fuck? I think that was like the first Dance move.
When going to a costume party but not wearing a costume, choose carefully so your regular outfit is not mistaken for a costume
Any discussion/blog requests?
I love you and missed you tonight
RT: your encouragement to me has been really working. Thanks. I'm headed your way. Most likely by mid dec
Stoked to see you in Seattle again! :)
Wait? is that bad???
RT : True love is a lack of desire to check one's smartphone in another's presence.
Draw Something x)
but why didnt you just eat it dry or with water or you could just not drink the milk lol
R u aware of separation of powers. Judiciary is the 1 that interprets constitution & the laws dear.
Sounds just like us :)
I'm hoping the make a version that counts the number of popped collars so I know what bars to avoid.
Happy Birthday !!!
Missy's the poo so take a big whiff.
Oh God... I can sell my soul to get those YSL pieces.
unless mike tolbert can score me at least 25 points tonight, my fantasy football season is over
When's your birthday!?(:
My brother came and fixed my dryer! Yay for clean clothes!
we are what we repeatedly do. excellence is not an act, but a habit. aristotle
Watched Oprah's Life Class last night and had an overwhelming sense of Gratitude for all that I have in my life.
Wishing he was here :(
thank you for the #ff!
RT Who was President before Obama? || He whose name shall never be uttered.
Guy behind the counter says that pumping up the Damien Rice is "part of the environment" at Cafe 232. Wish could share the pain.
delete "in libraries, which boils down to" and it still applies, I feel! ()
Today's adventure learning class focuses on the socil side of location with emphasis on mobile technology and geolocation apps. Fun!
I always tweet a lot while watching AGT. Summer's are spent looking forward to AGT.
Great post, Allen! ;)
awww it was so cute :)
Blessed for the opportunity to see another day.
Interactive PMing is the art of getting a wide variety of people aligned on creating digital deliverables. +
Saddened to hear you have to miss the W season. Heal quickly!
lolol they do
#FF rockin yoga trips to Enchanted Rock; non-stop links on everything current; for awe-mazing photos
It's about to go down LOL
RT : Ugh I wish somebody bring me lunch today.....I can bring u lunch
dude she has a boyfriend
#DearNetflix, there will be very few people buying DVDs & Blu-Ray. Everything will be streamed. Tell #Hollywood to get with today's program.
your senior pictures look really pretty! (:
I miss my iPhone jack for the car! Radio stations have no variety!!
Start your meal off right-- We're giving away FREE steamed edamame when you check-in with foursquare!
Paula abdul is at bes!
Jeffrey, have you encountered works that seek to obfuscate rather than communicate clearly? Would you approach them differently?
Wow.... Robbery on showtime boxing
Made a crazy dinner. grilled Kangaroo, elk, Wild bore Burgers, Deer Burgers, Antalope burgers, and fried gator and rabbit.
Dan Kowal: No NOAA sites can use Google Analytics. Hands tied. Not the 1st time US gov't shoots self in giant feet.
Studying for General Contractors Exam #princessconcasco <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0093><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+009A><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+00A7><U+26A0>
Just sold $NNVC for profits. Congrats on another great trade!
since my recipe's that I like are all dairy heavy, figured you could enjoy RyJ instead ;) hope you had an awesome night! :D
LASER TAG. let's do this
Bank Atlantic center tonight. Panthers vs. Boston, stop by our Lennar both for a chance to win some great prizes. Located on suite the level
will you be in Lawrence,KS?
Waiting 2 board our Flight bk 2 Colorado...Crossing our fingers...Good Morning my fellow Tweets!!!
hahaha! Okay cool. :)
I can not wait for Pumpkin Hallow!!! IM SO EXCITED !!!!! ^_^
Not lame at all, quite the opposite actually!
#YouKnowSheTheOne if you smile every time someone says her name
Mubarak says he wants to spend more time with his family
Had a great meeting with Viamedia Jon Spaet about SEO. Works well with a companys SEM plan.Call my rep Linda Mirandi 631.650.6670 for a demo
Today's Specials at Emerald City Catering and Take Out: Bacon Blue Burgers and Chicago Hot Dogs
Longer than that :)
RT : Great media stories to be had at #AZEC11 today, especially from
<U+2752> Taken <U+2752> Single <U+2714> Married To The Game
I rock we rock she rocks they rock we all rock
Night, world. It's been one hell of a night <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
searches that led people to my blog: “own original not mass production needs a comma.” "luc sante 2012" & "vasquez gets beat up by a girl"
Jessica Sanchez you 16 year old beast. I am jealous of your being.
Still feeling so great from last night's #chickchat networking event at Such an inspiring group of ladies. #GoLocalChicago !
ironically, as a result of my last tweet, I got a spam message...
I have 2 date nites scheduled with hubby this week! What will we do?!?!?!?
good luck... send me a link when it's up.
What in the midst of creative genius is there so much confusion heartache and tragedy?
Happy Pi Day to you too, Mr McCoy!
I'm in favor of that! If you like it, I have another one coming out at the end of the month.
I miss him. #CloseButFar /: And tonight is worse, because it's bonfire weather.
What happened? Is he ok?
I was outside shoveling.. I was wearing basketball shorts, sneakers, an over sized shirt, and gloves. It wasn't even cold..
KEL Audio is here all day long!! Check out their huge line of microphones and enter to win an HM-7U vocal mic!!
Proud of cousin Marc, amazing!
Haha! Awesome. I'm happy to share my secrets with fellow Ladies.
Just saw a moon halo for the first time with absolutely beautiful!!! Breath taking.
« Everyone should be given a perfect match, so no one would envy eachother and be lonely, thatd be nice.»
Get involved in acting to act, not to be famous or for the money. You have to love it. - Philip Seymour Hoffman
I think soo do you remember what they were fighting about?
Can't wait to see it :)
If you work hard enough everything is possible it's just the so called "Impossible" is harder to achieve
Today it's one of those 'hair pulled up, sweats' kind of day .
what's #oomf mean?
How is it?! I need it
Have you registered for the F.O.G night of elegance event? Its June 2nd... wait until you see my gown
Eventually im gonna get my ears pierced.!
In queue for book signing. This line is DEEP!
OS X Lion's narrow scroll bar constantly pisses me off.
Tina Fey looks GREAT in her new Garnier nutrisse commercial!
What's good get familiar...Spades & Diamonds Clothing Co.!!!
You're not banned from/afraid of using that F-word on social media? Ha ha ha. Looks like a great show!
Sweet a new friend
Channel4 to take over next year with Ardal ?
RT : Hey how about an vs. Stanley Cup! Amen to that!
You you considering on going to San Fran?
I vote for Miss Wisconsin.
Thanks to everyone who made it out to our shows this week. We had a blast!
OMFG. So Raven is a lesbian then?
Wish all the stations weren't so competitive on Thursday. I need more recorders :(
We used to go night fishing at that fishing hole. Police turned a blind eye to it back in the day.
FREE!!! recycling services today for all fast food trash, soda bottles, and empty bags of cheetos. Just throw it all in the parking lot.
You thought you broke my heart, you thought you made my cry, I guess you know by now....NOT EVERY PLAYER IS A GUY!
I would rather see Addison with Jake! He is best for her...no baggage!
I am the least photogenic person I know.
no one asked u ninja
In the midst of MS Surface /iPhone / Virtual Worlds design madness - but it sure is fun!
My first Tweet.... What now?
That's #Bmore: RT : The kids in this room are blowing me away with how engaged they are in changing the edu system.
20 minutes to get your tweet to us about your #mother for chance to WIN band - we will pick one RANDOM #winner at 9pm EST
Did some time lapse shooting at my favorite location in Seattle - Gasworks Park - 3 shots in the can!
My beautiful and talented daughter. You are my rock!! I Love you so so so so so so so muchooooo...
double d can't loose! he's born bred and cornfed to win!
It was absolutely inspiring to meet and learn with you!Thank you for sharing your positivity,passion,energy&wisdom.
#precommerce a three second decision cycle to purchase candy -- David Witt, Hershey + U. of Kentucky top bball team according to DW
Next at #kodm will be speaking about the Europeana Data Model and what it might be possible to do with it
Trayvon Martin Mom Sybrina Preying 4 u Happy Mothers Day. Prays 2 u and your family Sybrina
Working to help the small independent music stores, musicians and live music venues in New York with our new site. www.NYConnection.org
Stay with me?
Breaking News! Ben Bernanke says the recovery is close to faltering! Wait a minute... what recovery?
Only where would we go? Lol. Cali? idt that would be safe. idt NYC would be safe either.
#localrapfact I'm not a rapper I just know how to rap
Okay, I won't lie. Every time I listen to Come Sail Away, I sing it in Cartman's voice.
Looking forward to another weekend on earth. Love this place...
We're coming in early and under budget on our project at Fort Bliss. Great job by our entire team!
yea makes me want to smash things. I had a before and loved it. It did so much more than my current paperweight.
#ItsOkayToCheatif you're a moron. Well, it's not okay.. But that's probably why you'd do it
Happy Monday to you! Hope you have a great week.
Good Morning Thx for following! Let's change the world today.
I has a hungry :(
No sorry! I was doing preproduction all day and forgot.
at least no1 ruined your special day asshole
Utsa Hoops has the Wood, A Kannon & now a Tank! Full update later today.
shorter than Thor and? Captain America?
If this waitor says one more offensive thing, I promise, I will judo chop him in the throat.
LOL. but you bust me out and not her?!
Uh oh. Not going to be pretty RT : #psu has received additional subpoenas for university employees.
Is it just me o boring na talaga ang facebook? Good thing there's Twitter. :)
Just (re)shared the Over&Out film with you via dropbox.
Is your IT dept an accountable partner in your organization's growth and success? It should be!
Best of luck to you.
Have a safe trip!
The time is now to do something!
- Yes, I have read the books and I really did think it had an amazing plot with good writing. I definitely couldn't put it down.
You totally copied my tweet. Almost word for word, without an RT or even a quote.
*when all else fails
Innate Appeal of Zombie Norms? Rarely turn on each other, not picky about hygiene, casual wear, non-discriminatory, eco friendly!
We totally would though. We're not beneath bribery. ;)
yeah.i would have to go through all my clothes xD I can imagine us talking about what we wanna wear everytime we see eachother
swag 25,000th tweets give me a s/o!!!
my niece got the new Harry Potter Clue game and is playing it now. Thanks for fixing the problem!
I want to take an IKEA trip
Shout out my sista. My name is Khan and Its a pleasure to have you as a friend on twitter
Don't forget to wish a happy birthday today!!!
coming over to swim one day, just sayinnnn (:
Working on my exposure unit
I hate this week already and it hasn't even started. Can it be Thursday already yet? :-(
David Leigh: "we deliver ~ 1 assessment per second". Gets to the mass data they've collected & will use via SHL Talent Analytics
They are going to be really surprised when it happens but they can't say i didn't warn them
oh boy!
Holiday Shipping Reminder: If you need your order delivered in time for Christmas, today is the last day to place orders!
Get plenty of rest and remember God loves you and So do I!
- Coy, It doesn't look like to RT much, what is the philosophy behind that?
I think a key word you used was "plugin". Sometimes looks like #LMS is becoming just a shell to aggregate 3rd party apps
Nice to be off....bout to get a workout in...
Going to the gym again to become "less" squishy. :o)
ha! I was really hoping somebody would say it!
Stressed out. Who's got stress relief tips?
ill still follow. Because im hood and have ice like that! I also think djs should be allowed to have grills.
So Heat win huh, who you got winning the series? Bulls or or Heat?
I found an amazing way to relieve stress. It's called writing for money.
All these point guards
design sunday.
Remember when your dad asked you at the dinner table what you did today? This should not be necessary today.
: premise on option four is slighted by the nature of the phrasing, IMO
My fave track from that album is you da one :)
Enjoy the quiet then; life's challenge is to enjoy what is, and is to come. The Irish, of which NYC is full, are full of life.
"It isn’t the consumers’ job to know what they want." -Steve Jobs....it is your job to inform them of what they need that you can provide!
that's the spirit Good Luck to you
SOA Software Delivers IBM DataPower Appliance Management
great talk at tacoconf on Saturday
OH LORD HELP ME. I hate that picture :p I knew I was going to regret putting my hair up
are u ok??
#someday you will realize how much i love you&how you #inspire me and follow me/tweet me!iloveyou 4
Emporium model of blended learning - lab where students can work at own pace, but access mentors/tutors when needed.
"when I read a PDF I skim it" another layer to digital versus print
Stupidity is something that makes me very mad.
indiana might actualy win.
me and my aunt is going to do the black friday shopping at mid night lol
This isnt looking good but its early
It was a very fun evening for a great cause and I'm honored to be part of it. The guys were a hoot and it was amazing.
Louisville fans at work already driving me crazy. Its gonna be a long week
longest day..
its obvious you dont seem to care anymore
Can't believe I had to bribe my husband with beer just to do me a tiny favor. lol
You two are cracking me up! I get to / have to live with - good or challenging, depending on the day :)
Insomnia. Day 15. Sigh.
When you are a bunch of school mates at town square Haha >.<
“: RT : I need somebody to rub my stomach :(” Sit on the toilet and count.
It’s also National Nutrition Month. Our new healthy kid’s meals are a great to commemorate the month.
Happy Friday! It's great to connect on Twitter. Have a super day.
We're excited to have Chesapeake employees touring Positive Tomorrows today as a part of their United Way campaign!
Naw my manager just brought him to town.
Free smoothie king again ftw
that may not know its you! Lots of people couldn't tell the difference between me & my mom.
Cherish every minute! Went to europe for the first time a year ago and can't wait to go back!
you rock!
Shit me too, matter fact, blazin right now cool pick me up, blast me off
I have an obsession with skater guys. proven by these guys jazz (i think thats his name dont know him that well), jordan and this dude josh
Put us on!
Anthony Shadid's approach to journalism allowed him to nail the Arab Spring six years before it happened -
i just got cock blocked so hard bro smh
The soldiers were special forces personnel returning to base after an operation.
BEAUTIFUL DAY
Good morning
is having a busy #LAThtr weekend: and
yepp! It's over ny now. If it takes the train it will be here in 4 hrs
Anyone else notice the cold shoulder the beebs got from everyone but Blake
CTIA is around the corner! Dont forget to order your mifi ahead of time. Let us keep you connected during the crazy busy convention.
Studying latino #brk creative at
So did we! : Loved the appreciation in Newsweek!!
I've never felt this sore in my life!
Pretty excited that we now accept credit/debit cards at our merch table. Come see the lovely at our table and get some merch!
because old people who don't know think that AOL is still the internet?
lol i go to ur profile and i see that i dont follow you. i say " omgg im must follow her" so yeah haha<3
Pros and Cons: A Fantasy Football Movie premieres May 17th at the Angelika Film Center, Mockingbird Station, Dallas, Bryant Hicks Director
How about Harden for the Bosox Lars Anderson? Or perhaps the yanks pick him up and play him sparingly until the playoffs.
I love that Barney is getting married to robin!!!
World-Wide Human Geography Working Group on sharing spatial data.Highlighting as model for collaboration and usable tools
I have a bunch of tests too. Oh well, if they help me get good grades, I'm all for them :)
I am!:D can I get a simple "hi" from you?(:
We had pleasant weather here w/ yesterday staying above freezing, then a 30º drop overnight that wouldn't even think of double digits.
yea I can't find anything else about it... we will see soon
really? am i too late to buy hiking boots if hiking sat? like, will i blister too much? even if i wear them next several days
St Pete Beach, FL. I'm sitting on a plane & it's 80 degrees and sunny outside. Argggh!
The AP Literature test was BRUTAL, I think I did good but not great. I had fun afterwards though!!
Another earthquake
Chaz has a patio?
You guys rock! Jordan, I remember watching you back in A'dam at 'Boom Chicago' shows! Super proud of you guys!
How long are they going to watch this dog?? Break the damn window!!
Many thanks to the organizers of I had a great time.
Instagram on andriod? Uh no! Lol I have an andriod but I think it should have just stayed for apple products.
Keep the brain out of the tackle and avoid law suits in football. Advancing the Science of Tackling Safety & Performanxe since 1997.
Thanks for the follow FOOT!
Let me clue you, it is Cold in Fremont this month. I'm still wearing the sweats I usually put away in April. *sigh*
You compete with yourself, no one else :)
Off to rehearsal... "Musicians who vibrate on the same frequency is a dream come true." Michel Camilo
#smbmad #ford saw all the electric and hybrids when Ford stopped by - even drove two different ones.
Freedom is a means, not an end.
Facebook privacy protection? disgusting.
With a desk shift and a major content planning meeting, I've got to hold off. But there's always lunch!
haha true that man I hated that school!
Hey Folks. Rick Lee and the Night Owls Friday!
y tu tambien. Thanks for the publicity.
Good idea.
Two finals down, 5 to go.
great subway commercial! Now I want a chicken bacon ranch on herb and cheese.. Thanks.. Lol
Soo lucky things are holding me back If I wasn't told not to do anything I would mess You dont even know. Whatever. Lucky she told me not to
oops. lol. I meant "good"
Retweet if you wanna see the dictator already
Excited to be here. The agenda looks great!
Excited about being in the summer catalogue. Thanks
Yes!! How are you Alaia?
Im glad is a Pacer!
The only person that actually loves me is my cat
Chevere Charlie Have fun .... Blessings
#Exercise should be regarded as a #tribute to the heart. - Gene Tunney
We make up and we break up all the time...were like na na na then were like yeah yeah yeah.
My eternal love! I miss you, too! Glad to see you on here. Let's have (Lebanese, please!) food with soon!
Lauro talking about the corpse as broken object
<3 You got that from me !
666 Likes. STOP EVERYTHING... Let's just keep it here...
So u can open them duh “: What is the point of doors
So excited to be off on a writing week starting tomorrow with two of my best writing friends! LOVE doing this!
The woolier the better!
Just like old times! Except current!...?
He's really cute and really good ... but I am sure he is much younger than me =(
what's a fabricator????
great to meet you. Lets hand out socks in Seattle too. Seriously. Go Ms!
Never watch The Vow by yourself
Right! Like RT : just now seeing redtails. how are people this attractive?
crunch time
what time is he announcing?
I could nitpick the Avengers, but I'm not going to. It's so much fun that the minor flaws can be overlooked. Loved it!
what's ur definition of "know"? Understanding consumer behavior is one thing; knowing intimate details is another...
haha I was like ANT wtf
Let's help put a stop to bullying and mental illness by following and actively participating in any way!
no I wasn't but I am now Thanks
hey I think she said friday
Several vendors already offering that to acad pubs and acad libs. Short-term lending, patron-driven acquisition
I didn't know Navy SEALs feather their hair before missions until I saw #CharlieSheen in "Navy SEALs".
close to it. Trying to kick start with espresso shots. See u in a few.
Ha! Send me email? mlickona AT gmail DOT com
It's official Pat Kirch loves me.
Photo: omg, Anna made this ornament. Yep, we both love TREATS n SNOOZIN.
I hope that means its going good.
its a bumping ass song called chew me like bubblelicious
At Walmart with Kasey(: waiting in line for cofee pots !
o k
Will be at the HRMAC Wine & Cheese Tasting tonight in Rosemont. Should be a great event. Look forward to meeting old friends and new ones.
Since when was twitter a fucking diary..
That's what you get for waking up in Vegas.....
thanks for RT! Have a great day!
follow me back :P~
You probably aren't the only one.
Kate McKinnon. It's her third episode, but I don't remember seeing her before tonight.
Take her with you... obvious solution!
You let it define you. Im just myself. Im not acting.
i want to go on a cruise!
great - now I want tacos and cold medicine - um, cold medicine...drooling.
you are me e.o?
2 more weeks until my half mar! Pointers?
ehhh.. She dont make the rules!
Went to see #theavengers on Sunday. Pretty awesome!! 3d has come a long way since jaws 3!
I am so fortunate and thankful for my beautiful, intelligent, healthy, considerate sons. Thank you, Donovan, Aidan, and Liam
worst. feeling. ever.
Oh you're not gonna tell me goodnight.!?? You're not that mad dude.
Terra Nova is so bad Spielberg needs to consider seppuku
There is a porsche in the fucking parking lot #WhoIsDumbEnough to let their kid drive a porsche to school......
when do you play and what kind of boxes do they drink
#np Deuces -Chris Brown.
only short worthy of Royalty im sure...nice mic work las Wednesday
very happy to follow! and very happy to add our name to the list of so many amazing artists who are supporting!
Now Kent Norsworthy UT Austin Web Archiving as part of a Research Library Special Collection: the Latin American Gov Docs
I hate the stars because I look at the same ones as you do, without you. I wish you were here. heh. J.P. <U+2665>
Don't forget to join us this Saturday, May 5th, for THE Kentucky Derby Event at Mario's Eastside Saloon!
The rainforest outside is doing nothing for my hair today.
Big thx to , crew & sponsors. So great to catchup w geopeeps & meet new collaborators, co-conspirators!
It was so many ppl & so much love at my Dad's funeral. Hate it had to be for this reason, but glad he's no longer in pain. Love you Pops!
love is like a fart. if you have to force it, it's probaly shit.
Do Russia and China want the violence to continue, or do they not care enough to do something about it? Seems ridiculous to me.
I am going to c u
So true.
S/o to geek squad
oh man I just saw you from afar. I decided not to act ignorant and yell at you.
This Thai food did me so right.
i fixing my icon
just got home, lol.
#LakeShow is on tonight! #LakerNation! Let's go !
Good morning facebook/twitter! Hope you had a good weekend!
thank you stacey!! that's so kind of you! thank you for the support.
Had a great time in the concert :-)
agree with you
Your damn skippy! RT : Monty is gonna coach him up
Well this sucks worse.For some reason my jack and accessories are missing and we can't get the spare from under the truck
You should watch five seasons of the Wire and the "Real Housewives" franchise first.
Wow...media just delivered pies, and there's a drawing for free trips in our conference room at 2:00?
Need to lose weight ASAP any tips...
I have draw something
love you , sorry mikes such a douche!!
I know what you mean. I have a giant 7' one right behind me. However, finding the right marker is key.
my room has a lot of silver in it. it's some sort of sound-proofing material.
I think too much, then put myself in a bad mood.
HAPPY BDAY TO MY BRO CAMMYY BYERS!!!! <U+2764><U+2764><U+2764><U+2764><U+2764><U+2764>
While I appreciate Adelstein's ballsy exposés, Hessler can't help but reveal him to be mildly delusional and self-important
Dwight Harris says district never provided documents about Jaynes reassignment and violated its policies.
omg no i cant go to 's concert in NYC :(
Both. Katy Perry makes me feisty and Jon Mayer makes me depressingly jealous.
I think I'm ready for praiseband auditions
lmfaoooo they're so dumb!!!!
Don't forget to book your fall festival and watch your kids enjoy a bounce house www.bountifulbouncing.com.
being happy doesnt mean everything is perfect it means you've decided to see bryond the imperfections<3
Yes. The Dominion app has killed a whole lot of my time. My 9yo really loves the board version of Small World, fwiw.
Tweeting & Ignoring Texts .
yah..summer reading can just kiss my ass
Lots of O's enthusiasm on the Twitter this morning.
Your ideas are interesting. Any recommended reading?
RT : People who teach drivers' education are roads scholars.
You will be asked if you have been drinking & how much you have had to drink. Do not be on tape saying you have consumed two or more drinks.
follow me please? No, okay then.
Amazing morning meeting with , the founder of Excited to integrate their platform with Pando in the future...
Mad Men... or #hcsm chat on Twitter ... both at 9pm EST ... tough call :)
All we do is clean! Call us at (586) 663 0054 for a estimate today!
my alternate identity
Thank Me Later.. Bitch..
Shout-out to all the new people who have liked the page recently! We are grateful for your support. Big announcements coming soon...
yes great food and good people, like you...
ur obviously outta the loop
we'll be back tomorrow with live coverage from Milwaukee in game 2 of Central Division finals vs
I wear Alexander McQueen
I hate when girls be like I CANT MESS WITH YOU CUZ YOU USED TO TALK TO MY FRIEND
Oh it's a GOOD Friday!
Would someone please come kick my ass and make me get back to writing?
Sunday Brunch is on, come in & relax with the whole family Let us do the cooking & the dishes for you as you sip on a Mimosa @ www.blpdx.com
If you are at #astd2011, please follow This is her first run at twitter and ASTD. Have fun Jen!
Thanks to as our help site is back at 100%
Draw Something. cettel. Let's do it.
“: I guess I'm gonna give baseball 1 more try and If I don't make it then oh well #atleastitried” <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
My other favorite quote from the NPR clip was, "Cool things you can do with the Space Program: Save the EARTH!"
Congratulations to Anna C. and Dallas C. for winning our 2 WPT Pink poker chip sets in our Breast Cancer Awareness promotion!
OMGosh, what are we MORE excited about? "Anchorman 2" or "Dumb & Dumber 2"???
I would rather be writing a Poem right now! Maybe a haiku, what works with Train?
RT : Looking for large local venue or biz who wants to host thee biggest Yelp bash in the Burgh. Msg for deets!
The Week's Boxing Schedule, Featuring Abner Mares, Anselmo Moreno And Jermain ... - The Queensberry Rules
Strain-specific assay identifies T gondii during pregnancy - ModernMedicine
Love all your quotes Lori!
#Louisville goes on a run and pulls within 4. #KY leads 46 - 42!
damn im sorry to hear that chica...
I wouldn't mind some good fish fry tonight. Any suggestions?
I don't like that tone of voice you're texting me in.
Happy 4th to everybody be safe out there today
getting my big rig back this week finally
Be sure to take advantage of any business that runs birthday promotions.
The show looked great!
JAMES THIS IS ROY I HOPE YOU ARE OK RBC
im transferring to regular science
RT : Love this gallery -- shows that ANYONE can achieve red carpet glamour with... a simple PONYTAIL! LOVE....
he woke up. We jinxed it
Are you kidding? That's my computer's new wallpaper. DYING. Gorgeous.
RT Found beautiful white dog, stocky w/pointy ears, very friendly. Edgewood Ave/Henrico Blvd, put her in our yard, no tags
Didn't get to finish my homework but I've already lost so much sleep.
Congratulations on the appointment of the #CFO of , Warren Jenson to your Board, announced in bit.ly/zQKqF8
tea and writing time
what did Geraldo say?
Whliee everybody has a boyfriend or is in love im just here forever alone with food <U+2665>.<U+2665> LOLOL
Lol she going ham..!!!
“: I don't care if anyone else believes me, I just want you to believe me”
Great job Hawks, one more to go....let's get this round over with tomorrow!
Grey's Anatomy, Desperate Housewives, CSI or Revenge...what to watch first?
We provide the community with crime prevention seminars, team building seminars, and business risk assessments. Contact us at...
In the long run they will see what they lost!!
Watching Prison Break. Very Good!
that kinda hurts, I'm sensitive
“: it might be time to reach 650 followers? Let's try!”
In honor of National Hamburger Month, we will be giving away a burger a day! RT & Stop by the for something juicy!
thank you me to
Anyone know yet why Petrino crashed? Cause now I know he had a little something something riding w/him my perv imagination is taking over
Lady Antebellum- "Love dont live here anymore" is perfect right now
My x wanna work I told her try yoga
I'm about as real as Trotsky
"If I ever forget my lines in Shakespeare, I always say, 'Crouch we here awhile and lurk!' "
Good luck! I'm in serious need of new ink. On my upper back though.
Yes. Thx4 the reminder!
#RAW Tonight (:
I enjoy your comments. They make a lot of sense! How can you get in a position to really make a difference?
V interesting interview with this a.m. When he started writing abt lack of #womenintech, vitriol poured in.
Rex and Rocco are brothers and so are you and Scott. Which cat is most like you and which one like Scott?
i think can help you reach your goal.
Producer legend Michael Mancini with 12 platium and 9 Gold records is joining the tour on Oct 9, 2010 Birmingham AL. www.starmentors.com
Following :) RT follow back? :)
and your show is getting great! loved the last episode w and #wepostedonourfbwall!
Tonight we return to The Rendezvous in St Joseph, MO to celebrate the release of MANIA! See you there St Joe!
I'm sorry to hear about your Grandma!
This movie 35 and ticking is too much.
comcast would never have such good customer service
The very best of
Whoa. They pretty much nailed it with postpartum Joan
all my friends agree with me. They also tell me how pretty and cute you are all the time. I get told I look weird.
It's #thirstythursday!
The Horror Palace Network kicks ass!!! Keep up the good work:-)
Oh I agree. Just thought it was funny.
So much shit to do and I'm absolutely loving this weather as my background sound for reading
How is it possible that not a single girl scout has hit me up for cookies this year? Hook a girl up w/some #Tagalongs & #ThinMints already!
“: welcome to our house party! Lol” this seriously needs to happen party at the Mt Wash crib!!!
Gym time
Glad to see the Mariners social media team seriously step it up a notch this year. Great twitter interaction, and an awesome Facebook page!
i need beats!
Hey Adele ( ), check this out! Hope you like it! youtu.be/ZaVuce9iTuc
I am happy pleased to meet your acquaintance. Please send my account 1,000,000,000 CHOCOLATE BARS.
bout to session in takoma park with tazk, whos down?
you know what im feelin to you ? its LOVE
me, too! I so regret not going. :(
lmao I love u!
PEASE FOLLOW ME PLEASE
omg that was soo long ago
#SexualPickUpLines the world of the day is "legs". Lets go back to my place and SPREAD the word. ;)
Everybody on top been working hard a long time to get there. The time will come
Thanks for coming! ": Disco fantasy with Congrats for a must-read book and a must-dance party."
Geez...my heart goes out to the 7yr old little girl family who's body was found today..
Hi!;) Do I know you? JW
Lol. Right on. RT : Something tells me Bayou Billionaires will not help Louisiana tourism.
I love mizuwari as well!
I swear my car is always on low fuel level!!
Thea Musgrave told me that Benjamin Britten was difficult to get to know, and that he was aloof. I admire his music no less for that.
Ok algebra time. Don't unfollow me just ask for a follow back. Bye (: x
Can you see me now? I just want to make sure :)
It's too early for all this Christian babble.
aww...you two are awesome :)
When life gives you lemonade, get the fuck out.
Confession: I love how jealous the entire world gets every Thursday. I eat it up with a spoon. No wait, a spork even!
Hopefully over the long run...this will make a difference in the amount of terrorism.
Just finished the last vocabulary set for AP Psychology and I feel so relieved!
Check out FB page for important updates about Saving Portland PE
My Friday night, watching Shooter.
or course he did. :)
Ready for another great week? We're hitting the ground running here at the Hill!
you look so depressed, not yourself. You can always talk to me. What's wrong, bby? D':
heard u on NPR. Your super charming
Hey Senuri! Missed you!
thought architecture was a banned word
just saw a tweet about wanting to go on a walk and talk about everything, ye me and thomas used to do that all the time :(
Opening up for James tonight on the mainstage tonight! So excited!
will do!
It's you.
Aye yall follow my soccer team. They follow back!
pretty good. Enjoying it. Howve you been?
those girls are to adorable!!!! i love them!!!
are you going to water cooler Wednesday tonight?
LAST NECESSARY day on Pitt Campus. #CanIGetAnAmen?!
Hey Twitter, looks like I'm back. :)
It's a crazy world when Yankees fans are miserable and upset and METS fans are having an enjoyable time!!! Even when it's bad!
It's true that I am current working on a paper and several presentations that cover 'affect', but I think I may be kind of sick of the topic
-___- your shoes <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
OPENING TOMORROW in NYC: A Festival Favorite from Japan, 'I Wish'
Once you stop living for the praise of others, disapproval doesnt slow you down.
This security line at Dulles is some pure SKUBALAI!!!! Why do I keep forgetting what Thursday travel is like?
Straight, boy directioners ;) lets have fun hahaha
finished a dress for a great charity to battle
everyone im sorry if im not following you back quick enough but i have been busy with school and modeling im sorry<33
Just went 2 church for the first time in awhile. I feel so spiritually grounded. Plus Fleetwood Mac is on ze radio. Its going 2 be a :) day!
I will choose to meditate on His goodness and trust in WHO He is- simply all I ever need. #Peace sublime.
The jury in the the Jennifer Hudson family murder trial has reached a verdict...to be announced at 2:30pPT/5:30pET. (via )
Jail or not... I can't get you outta my head!
Fun fact: Crowded elevators smell very different to midgets.
Signed your US Senate petition yesterday in WFB. Good luck TB.
#NBA NEWS: Oklahoma City Thunder's James Harden was named Sixth Man of the Year by the NBA on Thursday.
Put a fuckin body on Dunleavey!!!!!
do you ever have those days where you see you're crush and you're planning on talking to them & BOOM . You get fucking ignored
The brewery's amp burned out today. Working in silence. New amp ordered. Fingers crossed that our people don't strike... starting with me.
ha, awww thanks :)
Scored a cookbook & thanksgiving poptart. Nom! Thanks
Bring it on is on tv <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C> I can quote this whole movie
#TweetYourEyeColor green/hazel (:
Happy Meals Have Been Served Since 1979
now I just need your willpower :)
you ditched out on an LC MKE happy hour! Disappointing. We were all looking for you! Enjoy your stay :)
#mubb never gets the appropriate amount of love
Get yall #Brooms out cuz #Dallas bout to get swept #OKC going
Felt like I slept for days. I blame it on the time change.
--Hi! Single income Mom taking fam to FL from MI in an Enterprise minivan tonight. Need15%coupon, know where can I find it?
RT the links & info we post to share WayCool things w/everyone!
This #Penguins v. #Flyers series is absurd. Where's Rod Brind'Amour when you need him?
yea! It's not a long time!
man twitter is a bit hard to understand help
Where are you headed for the holidays!?
Make like nike and just doo it!
I can't wait for this wedding tomorrow :)
Did I just leave a recording studio? Did I just sing in a booth? So surreal, so amazing.
Baby, you have become my addiction, I’m so strung out on you.
So happy to sit and chat about life, fitness & charity :)
Need a cocktail I kno dat remy would put me down
Hi text me
You misspelled "my" here.
Lauren's presenting at a grants wkshp today @ 2pm. Come say hello! Syracuse Educational Opp Ctr, 100 New Street www.nyhumanities.org/grants
instead of generic stmts like corporate profits R up, list companies w/increased profits that R not hiring & let's boycott 'em
Shoot me down..but I won't fall. I am titanium.
Hockey should never be played in Tampa.
great to hear, and thanks! When do you visit ;)
I sold my iPad 1 a couple of weeks ago in anticipation of this today. got $330 for the 16GB wifi version… I'M READY
The weather outside is frightful but the studio is so delightful! Why shoot in the cold when you can shoot at Baltimore's best sound stage?
RT : "If you think you're leading and no one is following you, then you're only taking a walk." -Afghan Proverb
Thanks for the retweet!
rocked the house
Im Scared of fallin, so im taking shots but they all air balls
I miss ya twitter lol :]
“: ... And keep your ears open for da podcast w 's Brian Nelson tomorrow!” it's br-Y-an!!!
facebook is really dead right now.
I agree with on the #NOLOGS campaign. Twitter must change its data retention policy. Pass it on.
laugh and take photos
Happy Presidents Day!
An everybody know it ain't trickin if you got it<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
two cups of coffee and a video game
Tattoos and snap backs <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><U+2764>
Nice & quiet here. Won't last past lunch hour.
When you find out you raised your ACT score by 6 points >>
To the protesting students of CA higher education: please read Norwegian Wood by Haruki #Murakami. Thank you, and please attend lecture.
Ladies night + men=
Have a safe Memorial Day weekend!
A kiss without a hug is like a flower without the fragrance.
Happy Leap Day!!!
Why is it that the people with the most annoying voices are the ones that talk the most...
I wish someone would bail me out with 528 million then let me file bankrupt!!!
rang up or a actually sold $5000 worth of stuff?
Twitter Can't Stop the $4 Dollar Fundraiser!
omg! I was an outfit repeater to one of their concerts!
you know you're kind of a big deal when the company foots the bill for your BK Broiler
GO AHEAD RONDO. Take it to the RACK.
U MAD?!? Missy verged into pop witout sellin out...:)
Always fun MT: Special thanks 2 IRS for notifying me of upcoming audit. Maybe next we can get together & schedule root canal
consider the source, there...
TY for the follow.
You are so confusing! Your older than me! uhg.
#EmailMarketing Tip 33: write compelling subject lines, 50-60 characters. Tell, don’t sell. State the contents' benefits....
me too! Sorry I didn't say bye earlier! either way, talk soon.
“: It's perfect cuddle weather dude.”
Hi Linda spread the word to all the Rochester Guitar afficionados! I hope all is well with you Cuz!
Lmfao you guess? And I'm just ready for school to be over -.-
#yougottobeshittingme! #Shoutout 2 Kobe Bryant! Good Sportsmanship! & A good class act! /via
Miss Christmas is here! Check out our new logo for this GREAT TIME OF YEAR!
dumb comment
Because you are a compassionate, caring man who obviously is a good listener. You are the go-to guy :)
thank you!
Today's Rs won't be happy until gov't is nothing but a Dept of Defense, Homeland Security & a few potted plants.
FUCK #SOPA they are shutting down unnecessary sites...
Hope is Hip! www.cafepress.com/happytshirtco
Dedicated & true
and that's good. Them guys are fools. Hypnotize you until shit becomes real and they run. But not every guy in this world..
They did that on purpose. Perfect glittery song for that game.
don't call me that!!!
God works on his time not mine
Just signed up for ! Great map interface, a good excuse to use my phone's GPS. I am spoked!
David Koch donates $35 million to National Museum of Natural History for ... - Washington Post
It would be awesome if no one called me today because I'm trying not to talk myself hoarse today
Looking for a way to shake up your workout routine? Give fencing a try! Only $29 for 4 classes in today's deal: www.dailygroupsavings.com
I'm so sorry. My thoughts are with you dear sweet friend~I luv U & ur family r in my thoughts ((hugs)) much <3 love~ALWAYS~
thanks bro! “: more like skilled brotha!”
hey make sure u follow my new account! This one is phased out. Go to thanks!!
Tea partiers cause earthquake in China, 400 dead. When will the violence end?
Thanks for RTs
cause there's a clock on the stove. See you're lying you can cook.
Too much to ask that the temps in PDX get above 50 and stay there? Apparently so.
does an ape $h¡t in the woods?
<========= Ooh yu looking for tht Jasmine! , Well sorry but she gone!
Glad to hear! RT : Battered by May's flooding the Schermerhorn will reopen in glory - challenges don't end there 12/23/10
New Students: Be sure to follow for #iSchool news!
: love that she spoke up about that! Got a big laugh, too
very cool! He's a good singer=)
No pressure to hurry up and relax either. RT : Did ya'll know it's "National Relaxation Day"? And they chose a Monday.
Where's the D?
( Our System teaches you How to budget for your Start Up Cost)
Who you telling?!
I don't like Kreayshawn.1st she's copy's Amy W.'s makeup,2nd she not good at all. Her Gucci song is k not ok just k & the rest is lame.
I guess I'll call this a #sprinklerbreak. The irrigation system just came on, spraying me and windows I'm trying to clean
I know you can...we could definitely rock it! Love you too!
Thanks. I thought there was a new one where you could create your own. Can't remember where I saw it.
Everyones power in HC going out
This is why we do what we do....Nationwide, 73% of girls have been abused according the the U.S. Department of Justice.
I paid for this one
We were just voted as the best fish sandwich in #Indy by Try 1 tonight while we play some live music for u.
omg i'm like crying omg!!
my kid sister used to love eating paper
let me know when you get to town and we can meet for drinks with as suggests.
tebow not wearing green and yellow is the BEST news i've heard all day today.
oh ok :D
#atlanta_hawks Josh Smith gives team 77-76 lead over #Celtics as Boston has collapsed in mid-to-late 4thQ
Missed it! “: I hope you got tivo or something...the RnR HoF tribute to the Beastie Boys is the shit bro!”
Tried to. Saw the word "funk" and got bored.
love that idea...sadly we use an outside valet service and can't control the costs. sad face!
but the pimp bursting would be funnier!
Atlantic City in the MIXX for tonight.
Disco nap then it's off to El Maguey 2nite for Hip-Hop Thurs. "Yoosa!"
Time for #OnceUponATime. Another Sunday night glued to my seat enjoying a great show.
interesting. might give it a shot when I get some time thx :)
Those nights where you toss and turn and get no rest :(
RT : I had the pleasure of being one of the translators for POHP & the story touched me deeply.
love juuu too!
I'm not quite sure. The fundamental problem is trying to keep up with NA episodes while also listening to other 'casts I like.
I have blue & hazel. I'm wearing hazel right now.
The Beatles set the tone for boy band mania. Influenced fashion as much as music. Enjoy or relive the moment. This Thurs!
Yeah It Start At 7
I don't even know you?
I'm the oldest too but I'm also mature for my age... I get told that all the time
itchy tats suck balls
Join us at 2412 E Fairmount at 11 to welcome Sequoia to her new home!
Thank GOD for 'PRIMO'S BIKE SHOP! Parts & Service! 1645 West Vernon Ave Los Angeles, Ca 90062. Very compassionate with there prices! 1 LOVE!
#That1Friend that you know you can trust no matter what.
Yup. Good to know I'm not the only one.
Wheatley: Got impression that Wisconsinites went thru potentially life-shifting experience this winter, in terms of politics
Why does everyone blow things out of proportion. Boys will be boys, who gives a cluck?
Yoga all morning, induction ceremony tonight AND Pottermore opened today. Holy amazing.
all you are sons are very talented and i hope they will never give up!!!!!
Fact: No two set of teeth are the same, even in identical twins.
YO JUST SENT IT G!!!!
#NMSA2011 Have arrived! We are trying to decide where to eat?
“: I just changed the blower resistor motor in my car #mechanic” You need that for Bill Self, correct?
Ewwww. I DON'T want to go to school tomorrow.
Tomas #Berdych is a #twink. Lost a lot of respect for him tonight.
Lord I just did one of the hardest things in my LIFE! I know he embarrassed cause I know I am but a MOMMA GOTTA DO WHAT A MOMMA GOTTA DO!
UF Art + Art History is teaching "information design" for non-majors this fall. An excellent course for humanities grads!
I think Gamel's been good. Defensively he'll have more range... but make fewer "saves" on balles in the dirt
Does anyone know this month's birthstone? The first 5 people to respond correctly will receive a FREE jewelry cleaner!
RT : On #WorkWednesday why not apply to a #2012BestPlacestoWork finalists ?!
that, and new visual trends are often taken too far (it’s easy for that to happen, restraint is a rare skill)
#FF great editor and cute toes!
yo g was poppin wit you
is your risk related to you not being at work today?
day-drinking. Can you handle it?
it's official. The twitter handle has changed... Good luck J!
Thanks San Diego! You shared you priorities and Vision for San Diego. Thanks for Showing You Love... We hit record engagement!
DYING BECAUSE CIGARETTE SMOKE.
Flip Cup or Beer Pong?? Which is your fav?
Hotel Oregon's annual bourbon tasting - Saturday, October 2nd at 7pm! Details at mcmenamins.com. Call 503.472.8427 for reservations. Cheers!
Im thinking that my real life timeline deserves more attention and maintenance than my facebook timeline.
Hi Larry, I Miss our EC Gatherings on the edge, Maybe some day we can all get together again!
Gotta love insulin.
Dear Twins, please score
Hey Barack what do u do on the weekends when your not campaigning?
I got like 10 people and the deadline for pics is July 9 :(
Is that why they call me T-rex? "At work my nickname is Sweetness. It's as much for my running ability as it is my personality."
if your readinn this FOLLOW ME BACK <U+10E6>
is that from domino
correct you are not conservative
are u sure?
Harry's room is starting to look more like a nursery instead of a storage unit with a really nice painting on the wall. #RunOnScentence?
just got line drives in the arm at softball.
Follow Back Please? :)
we together still. It only ended for a day. Been together a while. Since l left for Kansas in August. I just kept it Lowkey
"I'm goin' to Tishomingo, because I'm sad today, I wish to linger, way down old Dixie way" DAT blues recording from
We hear posted the best time in the Senate in the ACLI Capital Challenge
I gotcha. I think I watched it a few times when it first started...I had too many other shows and Mavs stars and what not
Is watching it rain inside the dry Froggy 104.9 F.U.V. at the Governor's Derby Celebration...at least the coffee is good!
Give ppl something to do. Tell them what they need to know, direct them. Use active language.
Check out our brand new homepage! www.nationallabnetwork.org.
We are spending this wonderful Sunday evening reading some super books. What are y'all reading?
Hey girl! How does your weekend look like? I'm free all weekend so I would love to schedule something then!
Gonna use this more.
If you dont cry today you clearly dont have a soul
Link in confirmation email for map to DC 6/5 event says Georgetown but pulls up Clydes in Galleryplace on map. Head's up.
Holy shit. Broken tooth = mo truckin toofache. My face feels like i brawled and got decked.
I feel like the condoms were a legit #alleyshrimp. I like that they seemed so neatly stacked.
Nuggs primed to steal one center
just downloaded 's newest drop by # Nebulous and Mishka's 's #toothywavy. next is 's R.A.P. lp
its about time to eat again lol
"Never let yesterday use up too much of today." - Will Rogers
I came close to a similar deal yesterday - Phillips for Gallardo and Hanrahan
google it
can't wait to see what goodies you cook up for the blog. Better rest up for next weekend!
Say The Word, I can make it happen! :+D RT : Brrr ... What southern state have you considered moving to this month?
Best Prices on Printing in NYC > www.800printingnyc.com
God is good. Why are we so bad?
2 boxing classes back to back with hardest instructor ever seemed like a good idea at the time. can't feel my left arm.
nope, dead center, white shirt
I'm far from the superfan Miley is, but the huge progress they've made in pitching is unmistakable.
We think it's awesome!
sometimes your razor breaks directly midway through shaving
india river map
What happened?
then we can all watch it together ;D and we can cuddle with him(;
it closed. It's by bilotinjak now but who knows maybe he works at the new place. I'll try to find out this summer x)
Sunday usual. Family, food, and lots of writing to do.
Follow me on twitter!! :)
Because players fund the game, the need for a collective union of poker players with the power to affect change is vital.
no problem
Free screenings tonight: Salmon Fishing in Yemen at the Angelika Dallas, Walk The Line at Studio Movie Grill Dallas.
Hate to jinx it but the #Royals have been looking pretty damn good over the past couple weeks
Cleveland wedding today, St. Anns & The Courthouse.
From all of us at Applebee’s Colorado, have a safe and happy New Year!
is it one of those fancy kitchenaide ones? or a Betty Crocker? j/k
:D Following both of you now. Nice to be in like company!
show this little mama how a gangster groove (;
Hol up RT“: What's on the menu?guess ill try this 1!#smokesomethinbitch in my Pimp C voice”
I told the doctor I broke my leg in two places. He told me to quit going to those places. - Henny Youngman
Hoping to rock presentation this morning with !
it's cold as hell! But at least there's a bunch of snow outside XD
an avocado tonight for dinner reminded me of the first avocado I ever had, was in Atlanta where my brother was managing the symphony
#oomf is forever in Twitter jail Lmao !!!
yes we must - email me when you're back in town!
NOSOA-City Planners (Elected officials, Bureaucrats, Investors, Urbanists, Architects, Engineers, Philosophers and more) built cities.
Pat Barry is cool. Not that big of a guy, but he stands in there and throws with some giants. Have to respect that.
What local businesses will be at the #bizexpo12 in Raleigh at the Raleigh Convention Center? We want to follow you on twitter and FB!
Me and coming up wit a plan lol
Someone go see with me on August 9th. That's a demand. I bet you like them, yeah?
Funny, I thought the 1st Amend. actually promised freedom of religion everywhere, even in our politicians!!
Shit what was I supposed to do today? Oh yeah lay here in my underwear all day...
By all means, come on down! The more the merrier!
Knicks should just send Melo on an all-expenses paid vacation for the rest of the season.
A.J. Redders w/ith a two-run single on a two-out 3-2 pitch gives Middleton a 4-3 lead in top of 5th inning. Redders poked a single to right.
Business logic in columns. Yeah, that's a good idea. #doh!
Today I got a pick up hug... And it was awesome.
Watching Survivor at work = Happiness. Up next: South Park, American Idol, and the entire recent season of 30 Rock!
it's like trouble seems to find me.
Don't apologize if you aren't sorry... Be real with yourself.
Maybe you should read the instruct- "NAH I got this!!!!"
My family went. Good location and great variety of food!
Enjoying some
We're not cab drivers. We don't need to know the temperature outside today. Thanks.
: you doing Drake numbers tonight #2 on iTunes already!!
I am just helping :)
You cannot stop the Internet.
posted to what? I don't do FB
Whats so funny is my teacher just tole me to get off the computer but i aint yet!
Go #Cavs mother fuckers. Happy birthday Twitter you ADHD microblogging whatever the shit this is.
No not mine anyway (: I had one but aint being on it in Months..
I did a couple days ago but none since.
I'm seeing War Horse. Have you seen it? I've seen Wicked 2x in Los Angeles & loved it.
The web itself is essentially a social media
I really want to go so I might get one!
Buy already! What's keeping you so long? Vlieg vanaf London, is goedkoper :D
~Charles Darwin~They say that time changes things,but you actually have to change them yourself
thanks Bobby..appreciate it
Eyes on a computer screen all day?Refresh eyes w/the 20-20-20 rule-every 20 min of screen time, look away for 20 secs @ something 20 ft away
The Sega Genesis featured a version of the same Motorola processor that powered the original Apple Macintosh computer.
Thanks, John. Big week!
Being famous is not easy, if fame hits the unfortunate person.
Are you here Meg? I thought I saw cars at your house over Thanksgiving?
I'm so glad I don't live in Cleveland
You too:-)
Every time I come to the barber shop I hear some dude openly confessing his shitty fatherness. Makes me appreciate my pops x1000
you are all invited to Lenny's live call come join the call!
Really don't want this weekend to end, it's been the best one in a while.
would love it!
I Get Jealous, I get Mad, I get Worried but thats only because i Care!(: <3
I think going home at lunch to watch #MadMen totally counts as work when you work in advertising
This, here, this is one of the ten things I hate about you. ;-) I can not jam with the console cowboys in cyberspace.
ha! Haven't caught that one yet. Being a > Dad!
Some day I will be at a Hold Steady show when they play slapped actress
Ordered an LTP. Made in Texas??
Good luck to the runners from and in the Mumbai marathon
if He does then y was he at sel's not wid jazzy or pattie who is sick and Sean who's in the hospital? O.o <U+E107><U+E403><U+E406><U+E40D>
I cannot find my car keys.. HUUUUUUUUUUUHHHH!
am I the racist non-redneck version of my look alike?
i have never lisened and loved a singer as much as you(: #10DAYS cant wait! Follow back?(:
Heading to Blaine, Midway and Maplewood for estimates today. DM me for a free, no-obligation, estimate to clean your windows.
the only guy that's proven not all guys are the same is . I Love you bestfriend .
I can feel the sun whenever you're near ~
Audition today for Bob Cratchett in film version of "Scrooge & Marley" where Scrooge is gay and owns a chain of gay discos!
I love you guys
who's hosting?
First day meeting the new boss and my stomach is killing me!
Happy Alojah Friday!! =)
Thanks for the shout out!!
WOAW! I stood up to when my dad came in and rolled on the remote, and on came the adult channels :L Bright red right now
thanks for contacting me - but I think i've found exactly what I was looking for.
Tomorrow you shall be punched in the face with comedy...hard!!!
I dont think thats what he means. He means it might make cmtes look at all their candidates more carefully, right?
You just need to make sure that you put your r
that moment when I hadn't been using twitter for several months but am now coming back to it, so hi :)
I am SO flippin' tired .
This Fight is Cottos to win....
Missing her
i did too!
Tan lines from track are the worst! Im thinkin' beach this weekend!(:
"This has gotta be the good life."
The big secret in life is that there is no big secret. Whatever your goal, you can get there if you’re willing to work. (Oprah Winfrey)
ugly day today just ruuning around ..
i like your eyebrows.
#Ifgagametbieber she would probably try to wear his shoes one her head as her new hat :)
Thanks. Sushi tomorrow or should we try the mexican place?
Trying to be happy for some people; but I feel like everything is being rubbed in my face, even if not intentional
So nice to feel productive by the end of the day!
Made it home by 7am. Ain't did this since my side show days lol...
I know that the HD vid and forward camera will be helpful. Love the new screen.
Happy Mothers Day <3
Going starbucks today with my girl!x
Serendipity. Been thinking I needed to start a new series. Should I read this first or last?
I Appreciate Him To <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Strand Events Today: Band together for Haiti. $10. The bands participating are Sub*mission, Day Job Blues and The Jugbusters.
At Pro Bull Riders's St Louis Invitational. It's live on some cable network. The boys & the dirt are flyin.
Not to mention, the apron moves would probably look pretty slick in Fire Pro.
Did you just say MORE hops? Has your Twitter account been hacked? Very uncharacteristic.
I played through the demo a few times. VERY good game from what I could tell.
You know why Xfactor had low ratings? Because they didn't select me for Hollywood! I have to help them next time.
what are the thoughts on cannabis , legalise it or not?
When will you be in #PDX again?
ladies love you also
you are on a roll!
Heads up: Carmax is ordering up Temporary Construction Power for it's new Escondido location! And you thought they'd never build!
WE HIT TURBULENCE!!
Having another good weekend night at Bar Louie Water St! Karaoke and all the staff dressed in TOP GUN / 80's gear! I'm wearing a fish tie!
Snooze ya lose
Jp about that
My mecca: Shakespeare and Company bookstore, on Paris' Left Bank. Hemingway, Pound, Fitzgerald. You guys gotta go.
Hey Wassup Nm chillin you oh cool -_- BITCH ! lose my number with your robotic texting ass! cant stand a boring texter smh.
What do YOU think about professional certification?
done with the headshots. On to the readthrough...to be continued
Gross ass bitch!
Google-plus has so many sketchy people milling around muttering to themselves, Google should start offering Greyhound Bus service.
I'll still be standing here.
Remember when the Spurs wanted Josh Howard? I'm glad that didn't work out.
you think asu can cover tonight? 15 points
#uppers On this woman-themed program, a Tampax ad has depicted a woman's willing the disappearance of a line of folks for her convenience.
Let me know when. Maybe next week?
Hahaha. RT : Beck: I wish I could poop outside. Me: Don't even think about it.
And it's the people that are always on twitter and facebook that need it the most ...
Rose and shine, early start for a busy and long weekend
did u got to sleep 0_o
Couldn't take it anymore-went to WS Market & asked for MarGORitas & some napkins-they said no dice
hahaha oh yea #oops he's a freak
The doctor advised me not to lift heavy things.. so I have to sit on the toilet to pee now...
Happy Ascension Day of Jesus Christ
I turn my phone on silent i needa get away
S/O to the ones that be there for a nigga...
Yes, we do have an audio captcha for fallback.
that looks like some awesome stationery too!
With Maria in world history we r such #REBELS!!! ;)
and to Washington DC for a concert and meet-n-greet! (: #AustinToDC 75
Girls have friends that are guys because there is so much less drama.
One spinner rim on a Saturn. I'm not being sarcastic when I say, "That is awesome."
Just wasted my 2001 & 2002 tweet on the sleeping library guy, damn.
Ryan Braun likes doubles.
Mad face 'XO
I met someone who said the best time to be there was winter.
I don't care how old Tom Waits is - I would make love to him on his deathbed.
Happy easter. :)
um, yes. And if you follow me on tumblr I'm going to block you.
HE SORRY.
We'll be thinking of her! Best of luck to you both
"Sensitivity training;" whatever.
Next time I'll get you a pint, and some grilled, spicy meats to pair with.
Obama is on the ground at #cop15 and I hope he can salvage something from this wreck! Legal binding treaty for the world plz
Ur twitter name says you hate yourself. & I'm going to LA! :) I love it and I am not someone who likes 2 travel bk n forth
“: Love Group hugs” thanks.
#JulietAnUnPopular is up to 44 followers. We only need six more! #followfollowfollow !
Twisting at The Showcase Cinema Woburn, Ma. at 11 Am for the Peppa Pig Movie "Muddy Puddles" Twisting Peppa Pig out of Balloons!
We don't just exist in "cyber world", come see us. Everyone welcome.
weird how much I like big time rush....not sorry at all
“: Just picked up Declan's first pair of Air Jordan's. #proudDad” omg one of the best dads I know katlyn should be proud.
hey there! 4 more days of school for us then music all the way!
#JBBOYFRIEND1 al the way!!!!! AH I love it!!:) #10days and our dreams will come true!!<3:)
I've never been to a Thunder game. #sadtweet :(
Brooklyn The livest borough You come here frontin you might die in this borough The east the feelin best dies in this borough .. - Foxy B
glad to be off work!! Busy busy!! :(
Carpool to dance rehersal on friday?
Think we got everyone, but let us know if you didn't hear either way from #thatcamp Austin - we're here to help!
How do you feel about the anointing of the music ministry in the church today? Do you think it's growing stronger or weaker?
After talking with fellow author Alex Pineda about his book "Married To The Promise" I'm inspired 2 blog. Ne blog title is "Full Embrace"
True! I'd suck at it too lol
Be good to your body – It’s your landlord- InSpotter mobile app
and the Blush team hope to see can come to our Mequon opening!!!
Chris Paul baby. Tied game at the end of 1. Spurs & Clippers looks like a bball game and not a brawling match like last series.
Ok its official. This gaga album is fucking stupid.
HELLO FROM BRISTOL MOTOR SPEEDWAY!!
Don't forget to VOTE for Chunky Fine daily text to 383838 msg 4848. Thanks for your continued support.
I am your family and when you worent around we talked about your hair and my dad is worried about you
Another topnotch class & a new skill learned: Hosting!
Tyler I am a huge fucking fan bro. Any tips for a 15 year old kid trying to make it big?
": "I was the bomb diggity as a baby, I was break dancing as an 8 month old." #NewGirl #Schmidt " LOL love this!!
Nice music!
Coast guard heli, police boats by 520 high rises. What's happening??
I might stay another night at my aunts house. woohoo! I get tons of great laughs over here :3
tell Tracy it's ok to get a little closer.
Do you find it hard to keep up your skin and beauty regement during the holidays?
great now here come the the rumors for kovalchuk to the rangers........
This is about to be a #EPIC ass summer
You shouldn't listen to other people's opinions!
You have an otter nephew now! I am pleased.
Okay, can we also ban those pegged jeans so narrow they required zippers at the ankles? 1985 the first time was bad enough.
Power is being told you are not loved and not being destroyed by it #solution: smoke two bLunts and kall me in da AM lol
It's Friday Fun-Day!
": Morning. #NP Frankie Smith "Double Dutch Bus""- my mama know that song word for word lmaooooo
"buddy the elf, what's your favorite color?"
yes i linked them to your blog lol
#confession I have a big ass crush on .....
True, but the one in K of P mall is closing! (Where will I find a reprieve on Black Friday?)
my name is Courtney!:)
Get ready to get your rocks off! The Carnal Carnival Is Coming! Scicurious Stuff! If you buy it, Flaunt it!
k but she might not answer
Great meal at Wok With You w/ #Convoy:
YES thank you
I wrote about SOPA and got a form letter of blandishments back. But I see by his Twitter account that the net is not his thing.
Now playing #SheAin'tYou #ChrisBrown Damn straight, she ain't me. There's only one AJ :)
's quince with <3
My farts
Shout out to and Kate McPherson from for their mad MC skills at the #ask2012 awards last night.
I wonder what they mean "under renovation." Maybe one that started and wasn't completed because of foreclosure crisis?
The links are up got to www.watchnhllive.com to watch all the hockey games live online register and gain full access to all the games enjoy!
I've lost 15 pounds and it has TAKEN FOREVER and is RATHER HARD. Dieting is not easy when one is in one's 40s. Encouragement welcome! : )
Libya fact: Exchange rate (LD to US$) 1.2
No but fuck you
hey cookie
LOL. Poor Ben.
too bad! Yes we will talk soon! Much success!
- Madonna with morals - What happened to Dick VanDyke?!
Is we ever gonna go for a walk!?
Do you have any business or blog network?
My 4 year old has mild Autism
This is the problem with Twitter. I am far too excited to see footage of the jumbotron proposal rejection at MSG I've just heard about.
Everyone I'm Dr.Lester's third period bring food tmrw!!
Coinstars!!! Best band name ever!!!
cuz the way i see it youre all natural ;) i plan on getting shirts made so ima need models for the team soon
Up getting ready for work.
Kindness, generosity and overwhelming love, healing & support defined my evening.
Cali is being called the next Gold Rush for Utility Savings 4 Electric. Get involved in a company that pays the most! Call 1-646-397-9817
lol yep, i was down for the count.
Thank you, glad you like them!
So many ways wanna touch you tonight I'm a big girl got no secrets this time Yeah I love to make love to you baby
looking at positions in the KC Midwest area.
I have a lot of things I want to say about Match right now, but mostly I just need a hug.
are you excited to come to Florida?! #askZayn #FollowMe :*
PASS OUT ON YOUR COUCH
Yayyy!!! How are you, today better than yesterday with all the car crashing and whatnot?
that's a great combination. Never heard of it before. Is it bark?
I got annoyed by the bugs and alerts in TweetDeck, so I found Tweetbot to be more pleasant.
Walking past the Bobcats' team store at the Cable Box. Display window has 7 MJ shirts. 1 Bobcats shirt
Auto correct strikes again. RT : Do it for the realest mothafucka$ in the game right note she will
Like elevate youth klfc on fb and follow us
The genius of a fantastic leader is to leave behind him a circumstance which common sense could manage successfully.
wondering the same thing, just for thurs night though, will stay with family in det weds and fri+.
Clare! Massive fail. Lets hangout and just talk about the gym while eating pastries, plz.
If ur a mahomie and u live in NC tweet me!!!!
fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuuuuuck. You're one of the most important people in my life. I don't know what i'd to without you.
I'm not gonna change to make money....that's what she really said
I might actually start tweeting more because it's not set to go to Facebook.
You know what's not cool? Mondays. You know what IS cool? Candy and coffee. Guess who doesn't care it's Monday anymore! You. Come on in!
Alabama is the name of the ship. origin is Norfolk, VA.
HathiTrust books, Prospector harvesting public domain titles!
kohls! That sounds like a fun job. Good luck!
come on racers....lets win.. .follow me..miss alexis todd on twitter
see y'all Sunday wooowooo
you look great!
happy to help! Anytime!!
Just left my last modern class for the semester :( gonna miss it!
Well then stop in and see us!
Since when did every single Indians starting pitcher lose the ability to throw the baseball over the plate for strikes?
Scotland Yard Pub: Sabre's hockey, then Victoria's Secret 2011 Fashion Show on the big screen. $5 Dragon wings. Giddy up!
ok but who r u
Back in your inbox.
I'm so glad school starts tomorrow xD but I have to where my #JROTC UNIFORME ON WENSDAY DAMN IT UGH FML D;
#Google+ or #Pinterest? Join the conversation!
#snow? Northern NM 4cast: Wednesday Night Partly cloudy with a slight chance of snow showers. Colder. Lows in the lower to mid 20s.
I am so ready to get outta this place
Thank you. I'm thrilled to be part of a team of dedicated to making brighter #Latino futures!!
beautiful day. fall comes to socal, you have to be sensitive to it. color temp of light gets warmer. 70s today, air soft on cheek
"Sex life" - Destroy Rebuild Until God Shows
9/13 of my picks made it through :)
If smart homes are the new smart phones, then will "child-proofing" the home include blocking "in-app" purchases on the refrigerator door?
you're following the wrong people :D
You're playing a game called hard to get by it's real name.
good job NYC... happy for the churches meeting in schools there...
no problem man, I really dig listening to pink noise. Ear training rocks!
Want to encourage everyone to attend a church of your choice this weekend :-)
Watch “The Game” Season 5 Episode 3: ‘No Money, Mo Problems’ -
Ack what's with all these open-ended questions. Putting me on the spot.
i just did
I need a couple more artifacts, and I haven't thought about the essay yet, but I've been getting it put together as I go.
Gonna be interesting to hear all about this Deloitte lawsuit in all my accounting classes this week
Get well soon Hossa
Miro Satan is still a winner. In case anyone forgot.
And I need to find out why my bad knee is perfect but my good knee not so much.
“: 37 more school days .THANK YOU LORD”
Increasing our bargaining strength is the key reason for #OneUnion because that is the foundation of ALL union protections.
Oh... come on! Let's go to medical.
Who else is watching the masters right now?
“: Browns doing the right thing not sexy but the right thing” Yep! Oline would b picked over by the time rnd3 comes.
idk bro ima try and make it out there for memorial but well see
I LOVE LA!!! CANT WAIT TO GO BACK!!!
Some old Guy tried hooking me up with his grandson.... No Thanks Mister! Aha. I always get the Weirdest Customers Ever.
Thanks for the recommendation! Looking at his beautiful photos now
"one person's support structure is another person's everyday work of design, maintenance and upgrade" - Ribes and Lee
Okay ME3, maybe a little too much running around in the Citadel. You're just bumping your own gameplay time now.
yeah, probably the right decision
#20ThingsAboutMe I'm part of my school's 50th anniversary, so proud to be a Falcon!
"library ecosystem management?" now he is just making up phrases instead of saying "um. you know"
Full Metal Jousting > Grammys
Wow. You must read Chris Anson's My Dinner w/ Calais in Pedagogy Fall 11.
I have tests almost everyday for the next two weeks. great.
has a case of the end of semester woes...meaning I procrastinated too much somewhere in the middle.
what happened to the phone?
yeah he's the one that did my background and everything ha he lives like a mile away
Your face!
#LiesIveToldMyParents I dont have a boyfriend
I love watching play on the ball defense. He gets after it & takes pride. Reminds me of with the D.
In the studio writing an article for our Hanson Music Studios newsletter. Go to www.hansonmusicstudios.com to sign up for the bi-monthly.
This! RT : Please take rickie weeks out of the 2 spot. PLEASE!!!
RT : Quick! RT this! The #12Days of #Holidays giveaway just made me #BeOnewithVin - for a chance to WIN:...
Exactly what I was hoping. I even told a friend tonight "I hate the pick unless we pick him"... I trust RAC....(cont)
#Black, Tithe; Valiant; Ironside. Three linked YA urban fantasies set in NY, NJ, Faerie. Excellent to see a gay love story in a YA SFF book
Tell me again how Jorts is in the NBA? He sucks
I appreciate the support ive been gettin. People wanna see me win and imma do just that
RT Hj o dia foi longo gravando as acapellas de Psycho killer do talking heads e Is it any wonder do Keane. Valeu... http:...
A drunk mind may have drunk actions.. But it speaks sober thaughts.
Geeked out to note there are some differences between the Omaha Platform and the TX Populist platform that corroborate my thesis. history!
Managers know what they want most: to be allowed to achieve success by leveraging who they are, not by compromising it.
you know you do it and you know it works
No matter how incompetent Tebow's arm is, he'd still fill Jax stadium, a short drive from U of F Gators territory.
Anyone thinking what I'm thinking?
OH. MY. GOD. This!!! is amazing!!
The Thief!
omg i didn't get it but my first thought was "beckett"?! Love the chest piece hahaha
unless that's his real mom. In which case he will probably be having lunch at his own table for awhile
i should survive urban is a hoe. lol
even the sun sets in paradise.
Favorite things to do in Memphis? Moving there this Summer and need some ideas for 34+ vids.
Haha, yeah. Me. What's up :p
love you too Penny. And congrats! :)
Nebraska vs Wisconsin sept 29 in prime time 7 pm kickoff at memorial stadium on abc or Espn
Finally hitting the sheets.ahh
TODAY IS MY BDAY AND #THEYJUSTDONTKNOW HOW WHITE.GIRL WASTED IM ABT TO B TONIGHT...CNT WAIT:-)
What a whirlpool of greatness: libraries, publishers and their audiences O by the way: boo to the big 6 Go Douglas County (CO)
Let yourself be open and life will be easier. A spoon of salt in a glass of water makes the water undrinkable. A spoon of salt i
I just spent $50 on all green foods for this wknd and in no way will I regret it.Saturday is a marathon,not a race but I will still win <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0086>
Damn its hot!
The key takeaway for me was that the infection - he did confirm it was that - is not subtle. Sour. You will know if you have a bad bottle.
The Golden Hurricane vs Southern Miss Tonight at 5:30, Let's GO Hurricane!!!!
My last exam is my first 8am of the semester..... #luckyme <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
has had a great year, but nights like this are different. 2008-esq
Found a spider in my underwear drawer and now he's my boyfriend.
I'm getting a $5 haircut as I type this and it's starting to go downhill. I feel like I'm watching a movie that I don't agree with.
Played and rocked the nick in alabama last night! Now on the way to lafayette in louisiana to rock the caffe cottage!
Stuck in traffic with on the way to the Hamptons
my lips are dripping honey; but they'll sting you like a bee. <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+009D>
Just saw the commercial where the girl in a tree that says 'watch out for my rots' and I couldn't help but think of
He's gonna Huck those berries. Don't mess w/ hick, Charlie Brown
Again thankful. My Mother is safe and friends are caring for her. I will get to Montana as quickly as possible. Prayers appreciated.
Well he did rap in a few songs :-) MT Dear Media, Bobby Brown isn't a "rap star." (A Black artist who's been 2 jail doesn't = rapper)
Sugar-free hazelnut Americano - grande + extra shot. Iced. And some cream. LOL
A black suit and a tan suit are two great additions to a man’s wardrobe, neither is interview-appropriate unless you’re seeking a job...
I smell an upset. We'll know if the song from Rio wins.
I need to drink until I can't ask for anymore, to forget.
That's the word back we're getting.
Suck it up ranger, every player loses a tooth. Call it a rite of passage.
she told me she never tried this before... well i love being a bad influence
“: Kudos to Elizabeth in Braxtyn Crossing Altamonte Springs. She did awesome on cutting my hair! #Orlando”
#occupywallstreet Make the politicians take notice! Change your voter registration to non-partisan, its easy, post offices have forms.
Thats the sweetest thing ive ever heard alex :)
Downer. OH at pool: agent showing townhouse. Nonchalant: "It says 'Real Estate Owned,' which means it's already been foreclosed on..."
Why am I not surprised?
Pioli relieved of duties
so early
EAT, DRINK & BE MERRY TONIGHT | 8PM - 10PM | Acoustic show |
what about selling season tickets? includes warm pizza LOL
that almost sounds like... change? progress? not sure how I feel about that....
Corey, you are amazing. I love you on Glee... It's my favorite show and Finn is my favorite character. I love you!!! <3
RT : RIP Andy Rooney
Good one Cheryl!
Good morning guise <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BD>
So how was Cotillion? Any cuties? ;)
Would love to see tons more green schools in 2010-2011 school year.
Oh! Aforementioned DHWI is I only wish they had a childcare option because I think would also be interested.
All New ROSEBAR at Current Deck Monday. Sept 26th Tables/Guestlist
Hey are you guys a fan of David Winters and his style of dance production? He has a new one planned, East Side Story
Just realized that #sharp11 is less than three weeks away! Who's coming to DC?
I believe you're right. Jesper
only if you're ADHD/bipolar
Listening to Asm. Fletcher and Asm. Atkins at CPCA conference.
OH: Are you going to go see Dolan this weekend at Holy Hill? No, I'm not a cardinals fan.
I used to also use Americana, but i'm not sure if they're still in business.
I think it's great that there's really only one song you can shoot t shirt cannons to
Congrats to !!!! FA Cup Champions!!!
Healthcare is the performing arts, medicine is a job.
There were multiple quality short animations programmed for #SXSW, but for story and style, CHOCOLATE MILK stands out on top of all others.
only time me and my nigga will be beefing is when the Lakers playing .
The controversy over the beating of a Norfolk couple by a group of teens on at 5 & 6 #HRVA MT
Its amazing what makeup can do in her pics. that doesn't look like Jessica Szohr at all , Wow !!
Damn, we went down in Game 3? Ghost of the ACL.
Small world. That's my Tucker! RT : I saw this puppy at Stauf's!
oh, i know. or if you strip your bed to change it and then want to have a lie down before remaking it.
also, i'm off on a romantic date with hunter college <3
being Houdini again?
you and everyone else! :( haha
Plug it in plug it in
Metabolism is a mean mistress...
Just picked Union Rags in the office #Derby pool. Now I just need a hat ...
Twitter hates me today.
hell yeah! I've been waiting for it for a long time now lol. I'm a huge Manson fan! :-) follow my personal page =>
Katie can buy then, right Katie :)
You walked!? Crazy man! Um, yeah, it's really exciting here. [it is not really exciting here.. yet...]
Worse than St. Anger? I have a hard time imagining. No. I don't want to imagine.
Rephrased as furloughed off. Ony metaaphorically laid off.
haha what do you mean form?(:
When I'm sad, depressed, or mad listening to music calms me. It makes me happy. Especially your music. Your song. I love you<U+2764>
“: that's funny right there” That's right. like I need help. Missed again. Swing lol
All of the scenes with Tommy Davidson is scary as hell.
Flag Day will be great! We'll have a fife & drum corps, tours, arts & crafts, & games on my lawn 10-4 Sat. Hope to see you there!
Jim Slater & Joey Crabb dressing for Team USA...... Yep, players care so much about the World's.
just got all my school supplies
Is everybody sleep?? Damn..
Excited to be using Crew by to organize our project in the months ahead!
Anyone wanna pracc on US while EU is down?
in our store talking with Mike Heller
Went straight from the gym to the bar with #ChefRodmanShields. Counter-productivity is sort of my thing.
Uh, duh! Issac's at my beck and call.
Everyone's so annoying. Except for like 3 people.
Awesome picture!
ADR for pilot episode today!!!
Oh my gosh I have no idea what you just said!
this cold got a nigga sleeping all day
FMB and love the video on youtube keep up good work
CPU has to work harder; fan speeds up to cool it
i love you, please follow me :3 <3
watching the Big Bang down at the Lakefront. Its going down
Sorry, no. I'd like to discuss the argument, but if all you're going to do is be angry there's little point.
You made your choice...
If you want girls to like you, you have to take charge. You can't be nice to them, and also they can't know you like them.
Plumlee straight shoved that guy down!
That was a giant waste of time.
is a vinyl record store that doesn't smell like cat urine too much to ask for in baltimore?
No Half & Half at the Circle K, but it is still gonna be a good day! Right?
Expect the unexpected with grace....Tye
People, it's ok to be straight too. Just cause one guy/girl broke your heart doesn't mean you lose hope on an entire gender!!
I have a feeling Manning's going to pick the Titans. Familiar division, big offensive weapons, and coaches that'll let him do what he wants.
First work-related business presentation. What. A. Rush.
#MattCavanuaghSays he invented the Internet
Thanks . Endless fun ,not too mention edu. Also, just got this wild idea for an animated twitter interface !
That was fabulous! I love it!
yes you probably can hear Joshua Ledet from other planets ya
The jury foreman in the Abdul-Jaleel trial informed the judge considerable time is still needed to deliberate
Seriously. Thank you. That means a lot.
Playing grocery store with Cianna lol
Cant wait for next weekend hope scores again
Seriously loving ! Best. Follow. Ever.
Excited to see you all tonight for #MamasDay2012! VIP Reception presented by starts at 5:30pm!
Thats not fucking alright, your gonna hear from me..
I'm reading all of the responses to her and I can't lie - it helps. :)
#AGREED! get on that BA! RT : And why is BA all over Rock to get on Twitter? BA himself is not on Twitter.
Hope #oomf quits texting me nonsense because I wont ever text back. UGH!
Guess what?! The Q Café is now open weekdays, starting at 7am!! Come in early and grab your coffee/tea/pastries before heading to work!!
Going to bed. I have to say w/ all the hype, there better be some white stuff falling from the sky & sticking on the ground when I wake up.
Finally- a Bon iver song I like
smh thats chump change to me
Hi ! Bye ! Good luck at !
what time is the big patch incoming on #xboxlive today in
That has to be the funniest picture ever all because it's so true!
Rumor going around that and Nintendo are teaming up for an ad campaign premiering at E3 this year
could you recommend a good caterer? I prefer one that not only cooks but has personality. Thoughts?
55% of females and 50% of males reported having responded erotically to being bitten (Kinsey, Martin, Gebhard, 1953).
Family first starting with our Father who art in Heaven. Have a great day with family. Friends are the chosen part of your family!
I want a Representative who will work to reify the beliefs of his constituency.
send a direct message why u should win a autograph. that easy
#lunchtime whose better at parkour??
I am at the Croc. Blow my mind!!!!
Eat plenty of foods that boost the immune system & metabolism to maintain your weight after Liposuction.
why does my back hurt
niall, come to germany! can't wait to see you guys performing x
ima make it one day WATCH ME BITCH!.
From : employees like more than going to the gym :)
Thank god I have you keeping me sane!
thank u :)
Hits close to home dont it RT : Love me some Troy !!
I Learn working with the Negatives can Make for Better Pictures ! -
Good morning cousins!! Ready to get this day over wit so I can't take my baby on a date and see avengers... Is it as awesome as it looks?
RT : Does a GREAT JOB training #SocialMedia Marketing. Sign up for her classes on today!
u dont need luck! your already awesome and going to be awesome!
It's been out for a year but I just downloaded the inaugural AWOL Nation album. It is great. Need tickets for Paradise show.
Watching "Footloose" and writing. It's a good night
“: Who's all goin to whim?” that's what I was askin
West Coast:Brace yourselves for the last 60 seconds of "Greys Anatomy"
I love you more :) xx RT : Love u all xx
Hello TikiDolls! Let's shake the day up! When you get home slip on your hottest heels, and DANCE! Its #justFAB friday! (:
oh dear- sorry to hear that, get some rest must stay strong
basketball, no question there ! my hyperfuse keep me going bt right now i have a messed up knee so i have to get a brace /:
Trying to find decent tickets to the games in Atlanta. Any #BBN got 2 extras for me and my wife? ;)
My cousin- "I like fishy sticks"
What a lovely day.
Recording and mixing is done for Josh and my Three Cheers for Five Years cover. Putting the video together now :)
I knew. I was familiar with that term when I ran cross country in high school.
I totally thought The Three Stooges was stupid. Then and now.
What I love the most about writing is that you don't have to be wealthy to do it and they can't take it away from you.
Yeahh I put girls to bed thru twitter .. I got it like that..!
Headed around #lansing and then finally the home stretch. Going on 10.5 hours
Gotta take my writing test for my L
Weight limit pl0x
i dont really give a fuck, and my excuse is that im young
anyone have hotel hookups in NYC/Jersey City?
RT this if u have an xbox 360
ATTENTION! New menu launches tmrow, August 24th! New Chef, New Menu, still an AMAZING time 2 B shared w/FAMILY & FRIENDS! C U @ D table!
O, another Twitter crusade Tweeps vs. Limbaugh advertisers...[RT to follow}
Just imagine if The Blazers would of drafted Durant and if Roy didn't retire and was healthy with Aldridge thay would be sick
wat bout u ? wat did ur enemy did to u ?
Haha! Toys strapped to the roof of the SUV too?
RT : This is a major reform. This is what change looks like.
Preciate it son RT : S/o to my niggas and for graduating today. Proud of Yall boys
I personally believe that your getting hate for showing your opinion...I could care less what ctu says. They blocked me. (c)
Tonight is the night for this series finale. Celtics triumph once again.
#FF More Superstars
you are too sweet Mr Keys. I'm lucky to be your other half : )
Juan Howard is the Larry King of professional basketball.
I know, I know.
Taking a walk listening to music.... I feel great :)
I know of. We caught it fairly early we think and started a drug therapy right away :-) how about you?
Congratulations to Seth Johnson of Davincian Technologies - winner of Customer Referral Drive Grand Prize! Enjoy your new TV!
Expert film analysis: "Hollywood has always found it difficult to mix Westerns with sci-fi as audiences do not readily buy into the result."
hey! I was gonna eat at that Italian restaurant we ate at and go see the Avengers movie. Wanna come?
Schnur is the son of the director at my son's Pre-school. Wild coincidence. Seems my boy kind find em like his dad.
today we survey a tract under a temporary restraining order (TRO), one of the less pleasant parts of the job
I started researching a new sound design today for director: I'm going to be listening to engines I believe....
Also, the demographic is totally wrong.
Washing my mirror today, I couldnt stop looking at my skin. Keeps getting better! I love
I missess you very much.
what are the chances I could order a band shirt from you? My friends was stolen during 80/35 festival in Des Moines this summer.
I like you.
I've never seen Glee.
Agreed on this all being entertaining. Whats your thought on trading Nash?
Listening to the Caps v. Rangers game on line. Lets Go Caps.
Are you ready for some new announcements from us....be watching as some new things about come soon!
has a very interesting pencil. I am actually amused now.
I LOVE YOU THANK YOU OMG
Wish I had your positive belief system. Cruise sounds neat. NOT a god guy. Too much non-confirming data and see too much harm.
when i shine ; you shine ; we shine together <U+E056>
So, Oprah will never really end will it?
I utilize tweets 4 advertising our products and it works. Just cause it's easy doesn't make it wrong.
ctfu RT ": get off my dick"
I'm not sure. Was it in an issue of Marvel Presents?
Come check out great poker products @ www.eproducts4less.biz
Choose a job you love, and you will never have to work a day in your life.”– Confucius
Hmm the Zimmerman protest comes to Central Texas.
Hell yeah hell yeah hell yeah fucking right damn right
Ice cream is second only to chocolate as the panacea. And I empathize w/printer probs. Have to move mine across room 4 access.
just came home from night swimming with family! =)
2nd Friday in 2.5 months in which I have NOT headed to the airport
LOL! I don't think it was a msg from the universe! :)
Hey Tampa Bay Times Newspaper in Education teachers - just a reminder - Friday is the last day for print deliveries to your school.
yeah just got on lol
A new way to treat sleep apnea? Check out tonight at 10:00 to see clinical trial offered at
#HBR webinar: cognitive processes involved in purchasing are largely contextual; dependent on the environment in which the it is presented
We've got Fresh Soft Shelled Crabs! On sale for $5.99/lb! Don't miss them!
MCNY will be closed for Columbus Day on Monday, October 10
Four.one.two
I am!
i feel soo relaxed
I wish Bill Cosby was my grandfather
SHUT UP YOU'RE THE SMALLEST LIVING HUMAN, and that's including all the babies that were born three seconds ago.
Twilight Zone
RT Twilight nightlife until 5AM could be an option in #Oakland to bring revenue. Who remembers SILKS? <raises hand>
If Becker and I can't beat and at darts I don't know what I'll do with myself
Thinking of doing a live Tweet review of wine dinner from for those who're interested. Would love to make that happen. Thoughts?
Some fireworks b/w and on #OPrint panel. Wonder what took so long to come out of his shell?
Reading old dms. That's depressing.
I think we may have started something....lol..
Nothing is more appreciated than a weekend like this in Portland, Oregon!!!
Be my Valentine? <3 :)
George Panos, 2014 OL from Heartland Arrowhead, receives scholarship offer from #Nebraska per Facebook. Son of Joe Panos.
who the hell googles people #creepers #nolife good luck!
Im not even tired...
Trumpless Junkie? Huckless Junkie? Kohless Junkie? So much news, so little time. Plus the end of the world.
hilarious! miss you! xo
One year a badge snafu caused the backs on my pins to come off, lost a bunch of my armadillos. Working to build the herd back up.
It's Adventure Time! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
I want to die. Feel like shit. I want a hug.
One year ago today we told our Moms they were going to be Grandmas in December. Now its my turn to celebrate Mothers Day!
works well until you find a life you want!
Hello Twitter World. Chirs Electric Company's First Tweet. TWEET!
Thanks Creak!
You will never have a day like today ever again... for 4 years
It can be so very expensive for a musicians to record music!
Welker signed for one more year with the Patriots, if that helps you feel any better
Great early morning meeting to do a joint student project with and : thx for working w/ my student, y'all!
All hail the psychic octopus!
Thank you! What skits/acts did you like best? " jonathan_with1H: dope performance last night!"
that's crazy!!! Congrats :)
Tired with all the bullshit. #summersummersummer <U+2600><U+2600><U+2600><U+2600>
Just found a really clean version of a sound I never thought I'd find! This week's episode just got slightly funnier.
Sometimes, I feel like everyone is giving up on me.
If you're in a band, or have a friend in a band, tell them to reserve their band profile at opengrooves.com!
If yo girl come home and he chin smell like ball sweat and you ask her how come she dnt wanna kiss you?
W00t! Sounds good. Let me know! We'll taste test. RT : things changing up at PB in May!!!
lml . And uhmm i'm not choosing cause i like them bothh
Maybe you should have dressed as a man.
who won
Why was I not invited to your event today?
haha alright another time bro.
Finally entourage !
Lies told by this black girl. RT : I'm not going out for a long time I have partied my life away like really !
I got it Doll!! I'm in!
Just added! Thanks.
Romantic Tip #16 - Write wacky notes based on your profession ex teacher: write a report card, executive: write a business plan, doctor:...
This Time I Made a Promise to My Self &lt;3 tht Im done for Good.
Classic, LOL. Bet y'all died running lines RT : I would know if they worked if laughed!!
Hm where to have drinks?
the former was a joke. Pretty strong feelings though, I like passion.
The hell. I wanted to watch Freaky Friday yesterday and my sister didn't let me. she's watching it now -_-
Wow. iCloud is down again. Apple, this is getting a little ridiculous, don't you think? Maybe update your status page?
And if anybody else is going to be at the let us know, we'll be there too! And send us your pics/vids after for us to post!
<----- u r the bad influence here! i know nothing if this 4pm sleep time...... ehhhhh =/ haha
Seriously, Mini, do you really think that your American clientele would know that bonnet = car hood.
good call! ;)
oh no, what happened?!
free to all from 9am -1pm. Come & stay for Colcha exhibition opening day programs from 1-4pm. C u there.
The new summer catalog starts tomorrow and so does the "scent of the month"! Everything coconut mango breeze will be 10% off!
Bo Ryan trending in the US. Top 3. #Badgers top 10.
what are those orange chunks with your shells and cheese? ;)
ICONic Boyz danced to Give Me Everything. Mos Wanted Crew just did. Omg.
WhatMeansTheWorldToYou My kids mean everything to me. I love them with everything I have. Next would be my man. Then my friends. Love them!
Chris Masters was better...
Gotta work on a gameplan to get more gigs! Can anyone recommend some clubs, venues and festivals?
At the Solar Conference in Dallas...very impressive.
Except me. RT : Y'all ain't real
m i hope so that would be the best thing ever. Those boys changed my life. <3
C'mon over to Saz's State House for our amazing beer battered fish fry! Don't forget to try the potato pancakes with that! www.sazs.com
Smart phones, smart cars, smart televisions... when are they going to start making smart people?
RT : Cooking dried beans is low maintenance and a super great value... try them in this SIMPLE BLACK BEAN SOUP:...
cocktail reception tonight 6pm
Going to see the @ maryvale baseball park after a rest from the camelback hike with Billy, Jim, Megan & Kristin.
Love the glasses on Gary Oldman! (And Alexandra looks stunning!)
I absolutely love talking. I'm a people person. I love meeting new people. but doesn't mean I won't hate.
Happy New Years!
are you going to dream with us?
New road saddle. Looks like a fine night to test it out on the trainer.
I'm already following please follow me
RT : Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement. Nothing can be done without hope and confidence. -Helen Keller
We have a completely lost segment of America. I guess Regan, Bush I & Bush 2 never contributed to the National Debt.
Thanks Steve! We use lots of tools, systems, and unique ways online to connect with people that can benefit from Shaklee.
I live in Ibiza. Gaga've come here one time in her life. And it was a benefic concert and I wasn't a monster yet.
just got done mowing gonna do flower beds then done yea!
Today's inspiration? Roger Bannister. The impossible became the possible & the threshold for possibility was pushed further & further.
follow nolas best promoters ever
omg, let me love you.
i literally cant stand the pennington grass seed commercials. ur commercial bashes another product and barely anything about yours
Air bubble in dad's lung from the biopsy needs to be removed. Eek.
Hey Boy...just because I'm acting like I want you doesn't mean I need you...
Just wish I was better prepared.
Thank you for following me back. I will be checking out your thoughtful tweets!
Hit your free throws and don't foul, and we are on the way to OKC
I'm sure everyone did.. In the meantime it was like 45 degrees here and raining. I had to wear shorts to our football game!
Yeah, that's going to be a great class. The teacher really knows his stuff. Did you sign up yet?
thank you. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Accept those whose faith is weak, without quarreling over disputable matters. - Romans 14:1
honestly, nobody has the right to call out who is real and who is fake. Everyone has their fake moments. Those who admit to that, are real.
... and i repeat, as said, "people are impressed by ANYTHING"
I did hope everyone is ok
should have left Chapman in to finish it out. He used to be a starter, pretty sure he can pitch 3 innings
In basketball
Met a bad bitch and I spend a little cash on em
No problem, thanks to you too. :)
amazing how an extra hour of sleep can make u feel
So much on the agenda, but we're gonna get it all done!! Working on a few major projects for the summer, and trust me, its gonna be FLY!!
mom just sent me an email to let me know she checked the 10 day forecast for my trip home to L.A. next wk. didnt tell me what it was tho...
I gotcha. Well, I want signed pair of undies when ya start. Lol. Ok?
Family Time=Quality Time :)
Thanks for the RT Katie, have a great week!
hope u hv a better day!
We're very thrilled that will be providing an outlet for our future vendors (kids 5+) at the DIY Trunk Show.
RT : Publishers, don't miss the May 15th deadline for Boston Globe–Horn Book Award submissions! More details here:...
Happy BDay! Don't eat any peanuts!
Did you see in Yeast Nation? if not, you can see him at our concert on October 16th !
So lucky!
Imagine! Foundation Blog: Thank You Thursday: The Denver ...
ackkkk, you tweeted me too :) haha
Need good spot to shoot video !!!
Hey girl!!! yeah sorry i deleted my facebook a long time ago lol send me a message though :)
Post more,talk less & ré:peat.
#OneThingILove your smile :)
So excited to have a Gallipolis mani and pedi on the books for this afternoon!
Always a pleasure seeing your face, see you soon!
Prayer changes everything. All you have to do is pray and believe!! I'm a living proof!
Great minds discuss ideas; Average minds discuss events; Small minds discuss people...
see you then. best to the family.
join LIVE! on with me and 7pm eastern US time as she talks about her music and career.
Use the list presented above to evaluate potential writers, and find the professionals that are right for your business
Hot sunday evening! Can't take it anymore.. I need some Red wine!
I like to look at total reach.
Hahaha! Yes, fitness and bacon go together like, um, er, well ... ;)
I'll tell you about it tomorrow ok goodnight hun<3 :)
I just skyped Brooke Arnett-Holman. My day/weekend/week/month/year is now complete. =)
I emailed you...not enough space to tweet back.
I was thinking more in terms of that God awful song making you sick. LOL
is there a plan on when Internet Explorer 6+ will be dropped from the support list? like when Microsoft drops XP support?
I'm still getting 20% right?
My day isn't compleat without having to say "Mom, have you seen my keys?"
Thanks for the Style Event love for the show Friday <3 You rock ;)
it's a poor people tax!
yeah definitely got plenty of job offers around NY too
Brilliant RT : Gingrich says he will not suspend his citizenship. Because then Romney would make him self-deport.
I didn't do it, Imma do it in first or second.
Apparently if it happened long ago in a galaxy far, far away then people do forget.
Brookfield, CT was our best stop on tour. We cannot wait to be back there. Philly tonight with The Venetia Fair. Time to get fucking sloppy.
The people in Wisconsin that put Paul Ryan in office should also be ashamed of what he is doing with this madness he calls a budget.
No one tweets me now a day :c
Rihanna in a new exercise video!
RT : At the center of your being you have the answer; you know who you are and you know what you want. ~ Lao Tzu <U+2661>
Saddened to hear of the passing of #MCA. Check Your Head was one of the most influential albums for me as kid.
With all the heavy machinery, walking over to the polling place was like walking through a demilitarized zone. I miss my quiet neighborhood.
what was your favorite philly restaurant
And with that, I'm off to calm them and myself down. Have a lovely evening!
Looking for Rachets in Walmart
love when i first meet people and feel like i've known them my whole life and
I'm not trying to take this government test right now.
I feel really dumb lol
thnks much appreciate
Mythbusters=best show ever
I wanna see American Pie Reunion soo soo soo bad/:
DUSS nice buys coming in!!!
Gia bad I need a wife like her <3
thanks miss :-)
To follow up a multi hour layover with a ridiculously rough flight AND a 30 min delay to pull into the gate is cruel and unusual punishment.
watching lacrosse Virginia vs Princeton! Shit ain't half bad!
Trying to have my friends and listeners tell me how to use twitter...on the air...fun stuff! I'm old!
An Unbelievable Tragedy. RT Prayers go out to Arizona Congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords and her family.
susan sarandon at ian's pizza today !!
hey happy birthday to you and me and the best birthday pressent would be to get just one tweet from you! please make my dream?
Lunch Michael Angelo’s Chicken Alfredo, Poland Springs Water
": That Gotti? “: Touchdown.....”" naw I just landed in philly
that was a funny day. Best part of the suburbs is the nice and ample parking so I just drive everywhere ;).
Heading 2 TarJay -- must be insane!
Photo shoot tomorrow after work. Hopefully I won't look too tired. My patients are a trip!
heheh. Point. Set. Match. You win. Heheh.
stuff like "best of the year" and "best of 2010" make me feel nostalgic...
so poetic, so deep
yeah man not even that serious
who cares about that nigga ?
you're going? :D
I'm actually staying at a beach house in July because Sean's parents were looking at houses to rent
Eagles shop thanksgiving sale on jerseys today. But where the Christ is s jersey?!?
That's gonna be a long ass train ride RT : tomorow
RT : "The future depends on what we do in the present." - Mahatma Gandhi
#SignsYoureAtAHoodProm. They provide babysitting
wht was going on with u and brit this morning ?
Quite a name! LOL! RT : For a Good Time, I recommend checking out the boogie/garage rock known as Titty Bingo !!!...
is getting ready to drift off to dreamland.. if you have reached this message then I am already gone... be back tomorrow
Watching some crazy documentaries. .
i hate change.
be happy, healthy and live life to the fullest :)
ill carry you home TONIIIIIGHTTTTTT
There are two things that get fired up. Monster Jam, and RSpec. :)
I have a job, but I feel like I can handle another one. I'm just trynna get paid;
Hi Tracy! Loved your story on Bollywood in Latin America! We offer Bollywood dance classes in DC! You should check us out!
your welcome. :)
I love u!
you keep pushing me away. & i'm slowly becoming okay with it.
Sleepy and sad. Feels like I'm reliving the worst time in my life. It's a crappy feeling.
Yay My daddy said I can go to the 8th dance and my dress from 2 years ago still fits me.Surprising!:) I gained 6 pounds over the year!:(
would love to have seen that 2010 team get one more year to see how things would've been.
Hey - Have you heard of all the love the Internet is showing 9 y-o ? Perhaps y'all can contribute some $ and <3?
what kind of Jello??
Something went in and out...
that's awesome!
Anyone know of any free word processing apps for iPad?
Come on down to Castle Clinton today to celebrate our 200th Anniversary. Flag raising ceremony starts things off at 10:00am!
We're collecting Quiz Qs from kids & taking feedback/support Qs. We want submit to redirect to URL of last page viewed. Tips?
#melus12 Maybe have tables in back of sessions for people to use laptops for tweeting/blogging/&c.
Tricky! In that case our only hope is Superman.
Horace~ Mingle some brief folly with your wisdom.
Love the rain # my baby sleep:/
it was redic. I think it is def with seeing if you are into horror movies!
bring me my
I thought it was Chicken and Watermelon? With a drink machine that just had orange drank, purple drank, and red drank?
1st door we knock on is Brandon's! RT Do we need to buy band candy to support them? I sold enough of that in my band days.
Watching the
I know
": This has been one trippy ass weekend" u can say that again
#microsoft you've been given enough chances to make a proper web browser... and you've #failed miserably at it repeatedly
Remind me to shin kick you
Thanks Jack! As are you. :)
Is a great way to budget your money! great 12 month plan, i suggest you check it out.
Working in my viral marketing
"I'm still spendin money from eighty-eight".. #jayz #carnegie hall - you goin? Hit me up..
word mang..whats ur main fb page? I was talkin to Isaac couple weeks ago n he said ull be in pgh this fri..bummed Im goin to philly
no way man...we scored 10 points, that's a whole unit sucking not just a qb
Bud Norris is almost at 50 pitches and it's only the third inning. Let's hope he gets tired, quickly.
Congratulations, all the best to Mom during the pregnancy!
Learning how Satan works helps us see why God wants us to use our faith and get the "EVEN THOUGH... I AM" attitude!
that's horrible. It happened to us last year for 4 days straight and it was awful!
#aaa2010 first A exciting but I have never been so exhausted in a long time.
its been way to long!
Great! Where are you located? We understand the challenges. Best to you!
Life is a Gift from God..."For you created my inmost being; you knit me together in my mother’s womb." Psalm 139:13
OH MY GOD I am so happy right now!!
i followed you. please follow for an instant follow back
#oomf straight ignoring my text
Boston is doing great. Yay!
- sounds like whatever you started at was too much. I'm referring, of course, to your level of self respect as an adult.
Looking 4ward 2 life settling down a bit, last 2 weeks have been the "pitts", RIP Pop!!!!!
Brady Interseption and TD BRONCOS!!!! Harris With a 52 Yard Return. Broncos Going to Try the PAT.
it's ironic as fuck how the colors red , white , & blue mean " freedom " unless they're flashing behind you . . .
3 more likes until we give away a free pair of jeans!!
in each compartment~ another facet~ of me and you~ and you and me
nope. lol if he tells me numbers ill shinku hadouken
"Like" MOVEius--lots of good events coming up!
Dear Columbus. We need a Whole Foods market of some kind! PLEASE!!!
Whats good homie ? U want some leases ?
The actors need their rest! Thanks for following along with #SUinNYCTheater Go see 'End of the Rainbow' and support our alums!
Almost ready to head over to Webster Hall for some Heartless Bastards.
Jon Hamm narrating the intro the NFL Draft coverage. He's everywhere.
$4 Captain & Cokes tonight, plus a bar tab for being the smartest in the room at It pays to drink at Fire!
the airplanes are too old these days...
I think I just saw Tommy Amaker walking into a frat on grunge night
Keep your head high gorgeous, there are people who would kill to see you fall.
Your kids will never be this age again. Capture the moments while you can :)
No question. Who would have thunk THESE teams would be battling for a playoff spot!
WOW! Thx !!! RT In 2011, we will be donating 10% of profits to charity. A few of our favorites are,,
RT : Half the reason I'm on Twitter are for moments like this RT : RT : ARE YOU READY FOR A MIRACLE!
I'm back oh wait I never said bye I think
Listen to the Jake and Kyle show tonight on www.wolfpackradio.org @ 9.
you are one of my favorite players for the US. I wish you the best but I'm MLS at heart. this is the 1st time rooting against you
What did you work out? I'm about to head to the gym myself.
you're back! Hadn't seen / heard from you since I last read the back page of SI print magazine in '89.
Let me back up:I suggest the Cirque take over CBC's main entertainment channel.CBC journalists could keep their NHL News Network(and sports)
Practice went amazing!! So ready for studio tomorrow!!
true lol how you doing brother?
Looking 4ward to Taste of Dine Originals tonight. Event benefits the Buckeye Ranch- helping kids w/ mental & behavioral issues. Great cause.
!!!! I was really hoping you'd make those! Can't wait to try one!
Ugh!!! I can't believe we have to wait until the fall for more #walkingdead episodes!! PS- Rick is the man!!
Good luck to the U.S. Women's soccer team today!!
How is it?
I cant wait to go to mami next year
When things seem unduly slow to get done, I tend to say "it's like swimming in molasses!".
what is so funny?!?!? now you are making me laugh!
good comeback so far! Keep cheering
Hey Vikings - : Eagles shopping CB Asante Samuel in recent days, according to NFL sources. Looking to make trade before draft
oh and follow and !! that's their personal accounts! :) :)
Check this video out on American Legacy's mobile tour youtu.be/G1fP48EqGg0?t=16s. For more videos visit www.youtube.com/AmericanLegacyMag
Service sector grows at slower pace
It is AMAZING outside. Already in the 50s!
Al Horford misses the first!!!!!!
Use code save10 to get 10% off any class lesson activity or camp at www.campopoly.com (twitter or Facebook followers only)
HAPPY BIRTHDAY #CAKEBOSS ! YOU'RE GETTING FAR BAEZA ; I LOVE YOU MAN !
God damn...I'm so scared.
u better hope luck is all worth this or this is on your head!.... Poor indy
your mother is a hamster and your father smells of elderberries
FOLLOW ME BACK:) 41
Jeff, you pretty much are already! One of the best advocates I know! :)
Awesome, expect an email or fb or linkedin message from me :)
Austin traffic, you're really pissing me off today! Don't you know I have a project due?! No more wrecks, please!
OMG hope u can find sumtyme reasonable
Some Messiasscan kid brought crack to school and got his Daddy, Mama, and Uncle locked up.... smh.
RT : R.I.P.-- Levon Helm--let them hear your drum approaching the pearly gates....godspeed
vitamins for women Viviscal Hair and Scalp Treatment Extra Strength Tablets for
need to strike that fear back into teams visiting OT, you come here to get twatted so bend over!
Keep stamping those yelow Super Shopper cards! Drop them off on March 13 to enter to win. We giving away $1500 bin prizes that day!
i actually hate my life atm...
Thanks. Gonna stay away from listening to it until I've seen the film.
follow adam & carlos' personal twitters! ,
At San Quentin this afternoon prepping for Friday's Demo Day
look for up day on friday, depends on job numbers, potential reversal going into end of day.friday
I feel like we should wait to hear Adele's ex-boyfriend's songs before we choose sides.
Spilled water on kitchen floor, am too #tired & #lazy to clean it up. Should dry by morning, right?
Chef said he'd be trying blue catfish for them, so hope I get to try it Thurs! He said it's a great choice for that menu item.
UGH, he is going to hell!
stop checking! I bet it's there tomorrow :)
i once drove through OKC and there was literally trash flying around totally deserted streets. like a Mad Max movie.
send it to me O_O
I fangirl hard for ! Forever a brat<3
IM ON INSTAGRAM GOING IN FOLLOW ME ASAP
Watching St. Elmo's on TV for the hundreth time. Love it like the first. Also a MD Alum so love the football scene at frat row.
Yes, he's a brilliant player. But paying a huge sum of money for an often injured 28 y/o with 1 consistent season is nuts.
is about Kurt, a single dad, that after being fired, decides to open his own business of cooking & selling frozen food.
#FF My Brothers
Thanks a lot for the RT! If you come tomorrow night we'll give you a free Magic Hat shirt at the door. (sorry we only have XL left)
It was great catching up earlier this week my friend. Have project we might be able to work on that popped up. Chat next week?
jeffrey dean morgan makes my snow melt!
the 3/26 Joseph event will be captured LIVE & played on a tape delay in PST. All 4/4 shows will be played back from the LIVE event
Wheels up! Heading to Memphis
El Salvador scores to tie Honduras 1-1 in the first of two games at #LSP!
I need you to teach me how to use submishmash.
Ace Ventura impersonations are super relevant in 2012. Thanks
gurl I'm pretty sure thats you're job & name.
i think i can help :) RT : It's #WorldVeganDay today! To celebrate I wish I had the new flavor - jalapeno....
Pre-Spring-Break get-together Thursday March 8 - hangout at Fox & Hound, 7-11pm. (Happy hour 4-8pm.)
Tyson Chandler you are dirty as fu*k !
Lol..They do wrk the shit out a mf.Damn I miss the town.Parkridge would not B boring
Headed to guru guidance lunch, then webinar hosted by GHT!
I love working in the Latino community because when I think I'm late, I'm actually on time
great to see u on campus the other day! ALSO, luv ur twitter "about me". u stay hella bossy : p haha
No one fucking cares
The NFL draft is one of, if not the, most over-hyped events in all of sports.
my easter was good and your ?(;
This bitch goin so she should Fuck then niggas n make me sum money
When u hot u hot! "YE we jus gettin warm" Stay Tuned! Amen
The odds are 1 in 11 you’ll be in a vehicle accident this year. Don’t text and drive.
I am SO Excited to see tonight. Pre-order special performance in BKLYN. Making my work day go by too slow.
WHEN WOULD YOU LIKE TO GO OUT. I WOULD WINE AND DINE YOU AND TREAT YOU LIKE A QUEEN. YOUR SUCH A BEAUTIFUL LADY.
section 110 row t seat 5
The Library will close in 30 minutes.
Social media should be personal; if you seem like you're trying to sell something, it won't work.
yes. cuz my gut says that means no one responsible for the #oilspill will get hit. BP as a company will get a fine.
Funny when I hear ppl say "I wanna c what that new Dorito taco taste like" um I'm just guessing here but I would say doritos with taco meat?
I am so loving football season.....
RT : RT : Panel: In the era of Cloud, IT needs to become an opportunity center instead of a cost center.
Its not great, but I am glad to have won $1520 in Pick 3 since June 2nd. We finally have a system, so we have $280 since last Friday.
Seriously, this is the place to be right now.
We threaten a government shutdown when two sides differ more on ideology and less on actual budget. So much for compromise.
learned of a yound Iranian poet with thoughtful lyrics anti-dogma of religion
4 altruistic Indianapolis-area children make a difference - Indianapolis Star
Fox News is already a farce...
Jon is "working"
True Steez Florida College Tour is in the works, RT if you want us to play in your college town!
#backwhenIwaslittle I was legit convinced I was a kangaroo. Ask anyone. I jumped everywhere I went.
I'm so sorry. My heart is with you.
Assemblage 23 was awesome last night at the Fez Ballroom in PDX
ok cool I don't mind jus being twitter friends
RINGringring!! HEllo??? Hi HAnnaH!!! thanks for following!! #mofonesla love you!
will do man thanks for checking us out!
Represent Christ with all your actions
see you tomorrow!
omg yes ! They have people who are addicted to drinking gasoline
Please follow and support our good friend
Greeting guests Marc Miller (Cornell); Bradley Cantrell (LSU) and Jon Christensen (Stanford ) for Now Urbanism workshop visualizing history
that interview was amazing. Great job
": Can you please talk with your mouth full?"
have fun babygirl!! congrats to !!
My dentist is unreal! The absolute best of the best. I have officially adopted him and all of his staff into my family!
spinning all night. Come get your fix of the best dance music in the city.
Guys could u give me a shout out to people to follow me if you do all give u one!! Plzzzz
Bomb shelter << bomb shelter bracket.
SMH jk tell me what happens so I don't have to waste 2 hours pls <3
a simple "hi" makes me a very HAPPY GIRL(: please RT !!
I remember when you told me you were all about the blackberry. Guess you finally figured out what's better! :)
You know how we think!
That's good(:
Do we push if both win the same number?
Goals for the rest of the day: run errands, do homework, then figure out how to be a grown up :-D
"I wanna make something that I myself would want to watch…and I just happen to want to watch some really sick stuff." -Sacha Baron Cohen
14 days until the next season begins.
Why can't us locals be told where you are? Makes me want to STOP watching!!
like what? Help me out >.<
it's about time all of my Chelsea visits paid off, lol!
Happy #ValentinesDay, FITzees! You know WE love you (and you love us, of course!)- who else are you spending this day of love with?
Success--- Accomplishment of an aim. I believe anyone can find success.
A man is what he thinks about all day long. ~ Ralph Waldo Emerson
The Shabadoo's will take the stage tonight at 6:30pm. Kick off the weekend at Fatso's!
Icecream is the one thing that can always make me feel better
#WhatMeansTheWorldToYou My Family Friends, Life, And School
Happy Friday!!!! Don't forget to "Get Stinky" this weekend :) Hope you all have a great weekend!!!!
I would like to see thanks to my new followers.Here's two websites to save money,each has a deal of the day livingsocial.com groupon.com
more east side open houses this Sunday, details TBA
okay now i gotta go :) byebye goodnight
Barnett tells the rest of the board they've helped cause the problem and push the district closer to insolvency
I'm forming new ConnectingCircles today! There will be new events on the GirlFriendCircles calendar!
love ya to
Cool... How are you liking it so far? Maybe you can get to the studio next time and I are working
please follow me:)
its not that bad out. theres snow everywhere! but I am going to Pennsylvania in a little while, i hope it's ok there.
Abduction was ABSOLUTELY the worst movie of 2011!!
PART OF THE CREW
We looked into the issue and contacted the customer that is associated with this account. Please DM if you still have issues!
That's Rachel's strawberry lemonade at Claim Jumper. It was delightful.
Take Ron artest out the damn game
Brand names are often no better than generic & you're purchasing the label, not the product itself.
Here at your service. and snark.
thanks, we love you too
thug nasty
Bad news travels fast.
I'm reading 's book & I saw a nice review from my little friend! (Note how I didn't say Gini Winnie..ha)
James encouraging risk and accepting failure to continue to drive creativity #ideaseconomy. Innovation = a maze.
First it was "Vibe In A Circle" | Now its on to that "Bounce It Off Her Head" | Next is that "Thirsty"
Lex In The Cities events coming up ! Cinco de Mayo celebration, Festival of Nations, Bingo-a-Gogo & comic books! We're outside!
scorpios get along but wed be too much alike
I feel like spencer is a better person now
- What's the point of Prop A if it's not to ban PLA's? Why ban something the City of SD has never had?
interested in a special LATISM Daily group to syndicate and allow users to favorite, reshare or join the group (get updates)?
I really don't care for head so just lick it right quick n let me do you so I can fuck! LMAO
My pleasure! Glad I could help.
Poetry draft down, Spanish and SS to go.
Broccoli is a super source of antioxidants!
Heehee ! RT I'd be gay only if it was ok with Kirk Cameron.
nope, I know it will be busy though, the guys are installing a huge glass wall. I'll be back on Monday.
Coffee with in the Rockwell clocktower. Damn I love this city!
"That's So #Ravid It's a future I can see. That's So #Ravid It's so mysterious to me." - #Ravid theme song =)
That's the plan. We'll have to wait and see. And I guess it depends on what you mean by "come out more?"
Hey, for tonight's show, what time does the first band start? 8pm? Or is that doors? Thanks!!
Sometimes I wonder, "Why is that frisbee getting bigger?" ... and then it hits me.
finished community meeting regarding Lycee Francais -- if you want to provide input on the project, email .
The Architectural Team in Chelsea is doing outstanding design work.. for more than 20 Years. Met with them yesterday to plan a project.
I was unaware!
Stunt-in is a Habit..I do it naturally
Unless its a text message for more crabs, no.
i only eat so i can continue to drink
Yo, I miss BART. LA public transportation sucks big time!
Finally got a chance to read the newsletter. Wonderful articles and thanks for featuring me.
Hey gummy fans, have you all gotten toys with your McDonalds happy meals before? McDonalds is the largest toy distributor in the world!
Actually doing my Italian project.
Hunt: In meetings I asked policymakers why Muslims were defined by religion but not Serbs and Croats.
My cat just nipped my foot for attention while I was typing. How is she still so cute?
i went from 165 followers 2 177 i love u all EVERYBODY
love love love :D
I refuse to let the stupidity of others ruin this awesome mood I'm in right now.
Steve Blake earn a start in the next round. Bring on the Thunder.
love is a powerful thing.
Check out Partners In Sound on Facebook! www.facebook.com/partnersinsound
Junior seau..... Sad tragic news
Gmc2 coming soon, sorry for the delay but I got a serious protional team now, they dropping the single first then the tape shortly after!
How can I get a print of a photo from I AM EQUAL shot in Jacksonville, FL?
“: So NYRB jersey sighting not "random," but not expected or frequent.”
Dude! Where? Vagueposting is NOT cool! Details. Pronto!
Attitudes like yours continue to divide this country and keep us from making progress. I have no respect or tolerance for that.
Thanks! @ The Ford Partnership Marketing Workshop!! Great stuff...
I'll be in SF next weekend. Let's meet up?
enter to win! 1.5 hours left to enter, winner will be selected at 3:00 pm..who is excited for the Galaxy vs. RSL??
you should have killed me when you had the chance
I louve it!
Chilling with my people :D
3 keys to a powerful music brand: Must be unique, Make a promise, Deliver value.
My presentation at 9 is starting with trivia! Win a tee.
Traveling to LA to visit me...
Track "Take it away" is my favorite on this CD but "Searching 4u and Good life" got a better responce form fans of music.
Yes! I could never create that look without going to the hair salon. So pretty!
Pau Gasol caught on his heels waiting for that rebound to come to him.
Actually, one speaker just chastised the board: "Make us grateful, not hateful"
haha i just turned 14 in march :)
whether you're a morning person or not, working out while you have the most energy will yield the best results
I'm cooking me some popcorn! <3 Yummy :D
[yes a good place to start] RT : A4: I always suggest LinkedIn first, especially for the social media-fobia types
probably out smokin' a bowl
it won't let me see it,
I love you! follow me?
I enjoyed reading your interview in
Photos, video: Para-equestrian training camp
Gorgeous day to drive across Pennsylvania
TGIF! Thank God I'm Free?? Oh wait.. Thank God I'm fabulous?? hrmmm :/ Oh yeah! Thank God It's Friday!!!
Great time at Harvest Fair. On to Porktoberfeast - October 15th here at Tommy G. Thompson Youth Center.
How Is Everyone's Christmas So Far?? (:
Don't you just HATE the feeling of being sick ! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
Somethinqs in life are just confusinq and i wonder why some people do the thinqs they do ???.
Wondering how Events can work with a digital signage solution? Attend the webinar 11/3 at Noon CST to find out!
Have a shuffle dance lesson.
RT : Daily reminder: make at least one person happy today.
So excited! My training books just came in for my promotion :) ready to make this big step!
Check out the #FlashMob video I just posted! You'll love it!!!
Premium Business Cards 50% OFF SALE, thick, glossy or matte, color 2 sides and free shipping, offer starts 08/25/10. www.spheregs.com
Hey , Cam was working out with the great Warren Moon this week. Did u see the ESPN report from Trent Dilfer this week?
Watching Entourage season 7. Its been far too long, and I don't care if Vince is down I still love this show.
Huntsman: 18th Party Congress in China in Oct. Rise of fifth generation, which was tempered by 8-10% economic growth
Panic! At the Disco <3
I hate what if's. Because I wonder what if I never said what I said & what if we shared a simple K.I.S.S.
I cry myself to slEep because no one likes me...... Please be my friend
I've watched all of your videos (: your just amazing, and very talented, I love you
Got any projects i could help you with?
#DragonflyRockstars S/O
When my dog gets scared during storms and snuggles up with me >> <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B6>
check out the graphics on fb "graphic designs done by Tonya Coop" let me know what ya think...
Hey, Mark. Want to catch-up with you about that MiFi unit. Any chance I can pick it up? Cheers!
I have seen some bad spirals out of Colt today....
and : digital space has potentiality for messy and sexy ways of resistance
How was Midem!?
fukk it. We'll do it live
RT RT Boehner says "the president is refusing to get serious about addressing our fiscal and economic challenges."
I am in a serious amount of pain.. thank God for
sfjazz spring season app is up! free at apple app store and android market.
Thank you!:) You too. Stay blessed!
Thank you for the awesome #RumpusRoom blog post!
Oh, tough choice! Probably the track day...
Phone turned off and about to unplug from all social media networks for the next 3-4hrs. Ttyl world.
...was going to say, it applies as soon as a woman opens her mouth or starts typing, apparently.
you're easily my favourite person on twitter!x
In the immortal words of the situation. Ima do me. You do you.
This Paper-View You Got To Pay For This
I </3 acne. Enof said D<
#YoureGettingPunchedIf you decide to be a homewrecker and ruin my relationship
i love your journey! Have fun :-)
I need some new Apps on my phone >.<
Longest. Day. Ever.
Pop quiz: Who sang the 1976 hit song "Car Wash" from the movie of the same name?
Nice to connect with you! RT : Thanks for the follow passionate about helping others live healthier
Two episodes in and don hasn't cheated on his wife. Is draper a new man?
it's all good, soon we'll be reunited while exchanging laptops...
Watching american dad on netflix.
im changin my major…this nursing && all this science not gon work…its not interestin anymore…&& im not bout 2 keep doin somethin im not into
I bet Meg I'd get less than 7 happy B-day messages on FB. I've already lost. (In my defense, I didn't know that it reminds you.)
Saying less will keep you from saying something foolish. Once the words are out you cannot take them back.
Sims 3 Late Night Freezes - Sims 3 Late Night Keeps Freezing, How Do I Fix It?
Scary: My fave black concert shirt has a label. Which means it's 11+yrs old, bought when I was 50lbs (3.5st) heavier. Gulp.
Please fallow me of you haven't done so ;)
I swear I have nerves of steel, but people are really trying to break me.
Em is the shit haaha ! RT:“: Lmao dedicate that song puke to your ex gf she will probably cry”
In exactly 4 hours, I will be a senior.
McCartney closing was awesome. Awesome!
Paeme would like to wish all our followers a very Happy Thanksgiving!
I'm hungry as fuck wish my Pakistan bros down spring garden was still open.
#kids Spring Spectacular Carnival: Spring Spectacular Carnival from Saturday, May 12, 2012 at 12:00 PM to Saturday, May 12, 2012 at 4:00...
Thanks! Glad we've connected. :) RT : yay introverts! Love your website. :)
how awesome. My old stomping grounds. What are you doing down there?
How about finding out first hand? We are open for submissions for a June launch.
What the Social Web Can Learn from Burning Man
I know you aren't really joking
i feel very happy right now! A lot to look forward to so glad to have my health back and under control :)
OMG, Bring back the Riches!
that would be perfect! but i'll take slightly chilly---i'm makin' cocoa!
M! Granola bars.
<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0080> please sayy hi to me!!
Yes! Come back here! I'll find you somehow ahaha :) (that was really stalkerish please don't notice it...)
It's All Good on #productionvault. Find a giveaway promo, sweep, & Cue 2 call for new album.
What an AMAZING conference. Big THANK YOU to !!
in the house asking what's the point of museum websites, online collections
or you could find an excuse to get sent out to SF for "work" right?
thanks for the mention OSU Buckeye Clipin's . Remy human hair on clips in the OSU Buckeye Colors they are 10 a peice.
Happy New year! now...do I write just 11 on my papers or do I write 2011? hm...
I GET OUT JUNE 21st -.-
"The highest test of the civilization of any race is in its willingness to extend a helping hand to the less fortunate." Booker T Washington
In the process of switching our blog from to Better custom CSS control = win.
Need a weekend promo? Check out the Trace Adkins giveaway promo, sweep, and cue 2 call!
In-Depth Approach, Lasting Change -Oakland Office, Rockridge BART
Oaktree Capital founder new owner of Manhattan's priciest co-op
Goodnight see everyone out tomorrow
Traveling Circle tonight at Lit Lounge with Weird Owl and Brookly Raga Association www.myspace.com/travelingcircle
Ur Big Blue stats are incredible! Thanks for the info. Hope my UK followers give u a follow!
I was going to a Movie Theater to watch Mission Impossible 4 and then BOOM Human Giraffe sits right in front of me!!!FML
She sent me this Tweet on July 24th 2011. Can She see the future? RT CapTel has been waiting for you.
when you're lost and you're tired.. when you're broken into, let my love take you higher.
Lakefront 10 Mile Run shirts just so happen to be Scarlet and Grey. #GoBucks!
so tired imm not going to school
Have never been big soda drinker but since recent heart issues, rarely have any type of pop now at all. Funny...I don't miss it! Water 4 me!
This week has been rough. Thrilled it is finally Friday!
Pinkam PAC.org blog shared by W.I.G.: "Do Lobbyists Have Influence?" Public affairs weekly blog, "Public Affairs Perspective."
On my way to Cali love you erinn
“: BRAVES WIN 7-4 and sweep the Cardinals!”
We did! Several of our marketing team staff regularly read articles from your site :)
A barnacle has the largest penis of any other animal in the world in relation to its size. #odd facts
Amazing weekend at Jump! Thank you dancers for all your hard work. Next stop Revolution!
Josh does car talk.(;
And Kevin Spacey just gave a shutout for Long Day's Journey !!! And Nathan Darrow!
I'm stuck behind an extreme couponer at target... She has like 500 coupons...
Aww thanks!! I really appreciate that :)
Go to UALBANY libraries website, Search for Databases..choose one..EBSCO or JSTOR are good.
THANK YOU!
Glad you thought so! Thx for checking it out :)
Round 2 of potential new roommate interviews continues tonight. Bonus: Am using our hospitality as excuse to test out my lemon cakes recipe!
so why such an intense week?
when you have to make regular stops at the dry cleaners for your blazer
HAPPY HANUKKAH to all my Jewish tweeties out there.
Rough day, huh?
one of these days i have to go through all the bands that sent me messages!
Chris: If you're okay w/walking 8 blocks, go to Il Bistro underneath the market. STIFF cocktails & great HH food
When one door closes another one opens, but is usually someone just trying to air out the bathroom.
My hair is literally turning orange
nice one <U+E00E>
": Thanks so much!!!! One is good enough. Thanks for being a blesing ill send that to u asap" happy to give back
Glad I changed my bracket to having Mich st win it all instead of mizzou
That tweet was me holding my tongue and being polite, but if we are close, you know how I really feel.
about 5 eps behind. Heard the finale is bananas.
I wish I was 18 so I could do whatever the he'll I want!!
Good luck everyone on their final day! Hope it's been spectacular. Bummed not to be there.
Rochelle seems quiet today, I guess she has no good news
The ways around everything we just got to find it and use it to our advantage like our counters do over and over again.
i did not see one art at art walk last night, but i heard a girl throw up
#NP Miles Davis - Kind of Blue
RIM opens Blackberry World with "Forgotten" by André Sobota. You can't make this stuff up.
I sort of like this tweet. Better than the emotional cutter one. RT : I heart
Im One Of Them Skinny People That Always Call Myself Fat. Bitches Be Like.... O.o stfu
It's smooth sailing for Susan Sarandon as she gears up for her daughter's wedding .
Fancy subway, wanna come? :D
She got that thick sauce i call it Ragu ..!!
I get mad because I care
"I'm also against indentured servitude but that doesn't make me want to ban farming" today's Daily Rumpus is a good one.
Comcast let's get the server fixed.
I didn't get to see it! when's it on again please?
I need to talk to
The ants are my lunch buddies.
If this wasn't a standing desk, it'd be a sleeping desk cc/
If you're young, you probably still buy into the concept that people shouldn't do things that are wrong.
on it
I wanna go home! #ThatsAll <U+E416><U+E421>
Payphone - Maroon 5 this song is incredible.
Are you watching Homeland? I don't have Showtime but I'm considering adding it to Netflix.
Me: no i'm not religious, but i am passionate about people being passionate about the idea of religion... Friend: um, okay.
I was just informed that he grew up in my town and like went to my high school....lol clearly I live under a rock
Idk if I feel like going to this honors banquet for school. I already know I'm an honor XD
Mfs love social networks
RT : Sacramento's weather is so bipolar.
#edshow Dissatisfied with even MSNBC's lobotomized Anchors, MEDIA MATTERS builds its first COMMIE-PINKO ANCHOR ROBOT
I will not bash Luke Walton. Smart player, better than people remember before his body betrayed him. He'll make a good coach one day.
Just when you think you're in remission and she's finally out of your life, she comes right back to haunt you. Cancerous.
no, a little wet behind the ears maybe lol
are you doing anything with your LinkedIn group, Young Professionals Job & Career Network?
They'll never be able to pull u down if they can't reach u
He fell kinda awkwardly on his hand earlier. I guess he's ok but I was nervous 'cause he was shaking it off a lot.
Just ordered new #karaoke music from
Wait, Cole Hamels suspended? So, he admitted he intentionally hit Bryce Harper. it's not like he hit him in the head or the knee. C'mon...
way to stay postitive
#BOYFRIEND Justin Bieber now on ITUNES
Wow, Sawney! You were "special".
cant wait to go to your concert on August 20th :)
ok. Well lemme know whatever you decide to do.
follow me please
Swiss Int'l Hotel Xiamen launches opening ceremony on Apr 28 - What's on Xiamen
you can sign up for FREE on richmondnightout.com - or call me at 955-7257 for more info
If you only kewn , but you don't ..so ha
Site Build It! is designed around a simple formula, which they refer to as CTPM
My intro paragraph for wickham's essay is done! Four more paragraphs to go :P
There goes the algae vote for Gingrich. Plantlike organisms, take note...
you should def go for it !!!! You'd be such a bad bitch.
Whenever you tryna lose
NP: Me-N-U by Rudy Currence
For your eye care, how do you know if you should see an ophthalmologist, optometrist, or optician? At Corrective Eye Center, our...
I love working at Jeffrey Burr!
It's all true, especially the part about me smiling...
Looking forward to #CT2011 in Boston - would like to meet up with #publichealth school distancelearning professionals. Tweet me
What's your final score prediction? MNF
Thk you! I shared your pic w/ some teachers & we're planning to have our kids create "what I really need" signs.
umm come to think of it, i sent ww a text like a week ago and she ain't eeem respond. *side eyes * lol
Congrats to Operation Oliver! They received a governor's Volunteer Service Award yesterday for their great work!
When will you be joining us in the Hero Academy madness?
A brave man seldom is hurt in the back.
Why is everyone good so far away and everyone close is ugly AF. Like come on...
Enough with doleouts - Gold Star Daily World News
i am oh so happy to have found .. i am now a fan .. thank you for making #music :-)
Sounds good to me!
I got some cool ass followers
Hope is a good thing, maybe the best of things, and no good thing ever dies. — The Shawshank Redemption
If I start narrating my drug addiction, it's because I'm watching alternating episodes of Scrubs and Nurse Jackie.
"I promise to bias my children with perspective..." Raghava KK delivers a great quickie on TED! What's your perspective on this?...
>> We Provide Quality Specialty Items…Discounts Available…FREE Shipping.
"the total amount of water in a man of average weight is approximately 40 litres, averaging 57 percent of his total body weight"
we have a few PA dates coming up! Check the tourdates tab on our facebook!
I crack myself up.!!
how could you not!? I laugh sometimes!
Good morning world !!! Photo choices of the day: Museum of Natural History and Meat Packing District. Remember to smile. Its worth it !
not guts :) Just part of the job & results will maybe come out next week when all of the dances air
I have a MacBook Pro and an iPhone. Don't need an iPad. Too big for pocket, too lame as real computer.
Live Fast,Have Fun, Be A Bit Mischievous-Louis Tomlison
To the people who never get a goodnight text, here's a goodnight tweet for you.<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099> goodnight! Sleep good only to return to heck at 8 am.
Post nf going indie? RT : Sneak preview of U-T Poll on San Diego mayor's race: 35% of voters remain undecided. Same as March.
see: Hamilton, Josh
Jerricho Cotchery reportedly meeting with #Ravens tonight ... I still like Housh better !!!!
Lady gaga thank you for helping myself to facing my problems I love you so much MOTHER MONSTER <U+2665>.<U+2665> :D
haha I just like the Canucks one. Especially the Malkin rap. lol
love love the way you have described seeing live ; how he evokes a mood when he sings ; magical singing powers too
Answer our trivia question at 3pm today for a chance to win tix.
Pretty damn satisfied with my day of mind-blowing, ass-kicking theatre.
What is more tedious and unwatchable? Four days of Vikings Stadium debate at the State Capital or a Twins home stand.
Wish this fucking cough would go away
patience is the key
Food is officially smashed...Gone!!! Burp!!
That person who you have to be nice to but you want to throw a brick at their head.
STELLAR show tonight. Thanks to all the fans for support & the other bands AND to the stage jumper who got her high fives & free shirt.
GOT IT! YES!!!!! So when can I also get a 5&B suit made?
happy Easter to you too!
I Need You God! Open My Ears To Hear And My Eyes To See! My Own Intellect Fails Me At This Time! Again, I Need You God!
No way it was thunderstorming here last night.
Restricted to being friends. Depressing haha. But that won't stop me ;)
love u
text me !
wanna do. Hopefully ill be in New York.
Nope, finished that up for the time being in August. Working for AT&T telesales!
This is a World Spring and we are not going to takes this shit anymore
"Oh hold—do hold me! 80 meandering years of dying they are, but Gold thrusts from us: infinite golden medulla-beams which are called #Love;"
come by tomorrow morning, learn basic bike repair and enjoy a croissant, bagel and lox or your fav brunch beverage with some groovy folks
What's the deal sir? Continued success!
I'm sure you can go smash a couple windows and get them for free. Makes more sense than what others are looting nowadays...
perhaps because they are "liberals"?
done, well done, burnt
Started with a 53. Talked to the prof and had 3 red-Xs changed to right. That, Sean Payton, is how you win an appeal...
Bo, physical media!
You do not drink alcohol and use anti depressives. THINK!
Can anyone recommend a disk repair tool for Windows? I've got a 3TB NTFS drive that suddenly isn't recognized.
awww yea!!!! Tomorrow tomorrow!!
Minus the head deflection own goal, Andrew Jean-Baptiste goal and defensive play were the biggest advantage in the match.
when we wake up n the mornin, we hav 2 simple choices:1)go back 2 sleep or 2)wake up & chase those dreams. Coice is yours...
We love all of you guys!! Here do or die.
Win a pair of shoes next week - post your photos on instagram and include #pfsalemarkham in the caption
True. RT : snoop and dre make me proud to be an angeleno
The wink and the gun RT : Note: you can use "sport", "chief" or "pal" of you're not in a "champ" mood.
#CincodeMayo is quickly approaching. What's your favorite Mexican food/drink? Strawberry margarita, anyone?
Good night world
What would you wear to a job interview?
How to wipe your data clean from your hard drive: via
hahaha they're only gonna get bigger now!
Thanks, perry!
He even followed me to work one day to chat about the football book I was reading
Was Sup Lady?
its on in 1 hour for you i'm pretty sure. It comes on at 8, so you got 1 hour :"
Gotta love those memories that when you think of them you cant help but smile :)
Sweet Tennessee honey
M! RT : Shrimp Cocktail is only $5 at Harry & Izzy's Downtown tonight! Come get some and come see me <U+E404>
I don't know where they bought them, I doubt you do, and it is irrelevant. I was only addressing the inconsistency of your comment.
haha i read it...spoiler alert ;)...or is it??
this is hard to write, but its 7-0 Rangers over the right now. We need some #oriolesmagic big time.
:) ill get one on sept.21 and not cuz its "HER" birthday...blah!! ~Devin.Anne<3
Scariest email of the day: Sears advertising "Christmas Lane" deals already. I know Hallmark starts selling ornaments on Saturday! Ack.
We're posting more consistently this qtr to feature awesome lib people + resources. Become a library insider and follow !
bad dreams... rough morning...
Whatsup ? I hope all is well for you this offseason. Big things next year!
Thank you for the RT. ^dy
About time! Congratulations
you can wear me out inside
Ur not the bad guy I'll take tat role #nosmartness intended
sorry so late, but thanks!
currently power pointing the shit out of a presentation.
My name is I and my problem is LOVE and my solution is YOU!!! <3
Today in 1988 George Bell of the #BlueJays became the 1st player to hit 3 home runs on Opening Day.
Commissioner Saltzman commends the public involvement efforts. "Now we've got a plan that will serve us for the next 25 years."
#seniorconfessionhour All the lunch ladies used to be OG cholas, I just know it...
well, on the bright side, im tryin to do english homework too!
I would hope so. We have a meeting in twenty mins. Hahahaha
I am what they say I am What they write about me say about me I am what you say I am Lucifer I am Your lying those mothafuckers are lying
Bummed & angry that I probably won't see the biggest moon of the year rise over Lake Michigan cause it's supposed to be overcast all weekend
Pumpkin pie frappe sound good to you? Its on special this week!! Yummy:)
Thinking about my mother who turns 70 this weekend. How do you mark a milestone birthday like that without making someone feel old?
Recommended Follow. #Conservation #Environment & check it out!
RT : That's right folks! 21 Hours of travel, but made it home before 3pm!!! <= Nice job. =)
Interesting that "Phil Knight" and "Chip Kelly" are both trending on Twitter. Wonder why no other fans are mentioned?
so you think its ok for same sex marriage to happen?
Thanks for the awesome Civil Wars 10"!
Seven car crash John Nolen EB. Traffic backed up to the far end of Olin Park. Avoid the area.
so we have a DD there AND back??
RT : Missing my friends in Guatemala tonight. Wish I could be beamed there. Right now./I'll join you!
#Milwaukee could be the location for the 2012 convention in Nov. How great would that be for our City???!!!
How long do you think it took the committee to add "The" is the real question? Days? Weeks? I am really curious.
I'm really tired of my mind being cloudy.
The InnoNet team has a new incoming member. You may already know her. Stay tuned for updates!
#schoolmemories Blowing before arrival
In the session on Twitter
The Barnes and Noble in Union Square is AMAZING! So many floors! So elegant! Almost and entire floor devoted to Children's!
nope. broken all day. rapsody it is.
What up doe twitter world. First tweet live from Detroit!
I'm laying down thinking bout chu
ok I guess i'll do this.
YOU ALWAYS TWEET MY LIFE.
no problem. Happy Thursday!
dude!Don't say shit like that 2 Bwood and yes we can afford it!Cause we have them, I guess there not gonna use it just for that
Welcome to twitter
Stay classy , San Diego !
Charlie Patton, Skip James, Robert Johnson, and Son House.
LAST CHANCE - Cyber Monday Sale ends tonight at midnight! BOGO kids ticket for Shrek the Musical! www.broadwayacrossamerica.com/blackFriday
haha I'm in your bathroom right now.
Covered in glitter I say it was a good night ;) #IWorkVsYourVacation I win :)
So - Thursday, whatcha got for me????
I'm good thank you! It's a very nice day!
Just finished eating the most unhealthiest breakfast ever.. I feel so guilty<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5>
What grade are you going to be in? (:
Ricky is official writing lyrics for the song that we pre pro'd today. Got the frame now we just need the picture. Ooh good metaphor.
thanks Judah! It was a very nice little road trip. Cool composers are everywhere!
thanks for the post!
My favorite ABDC6 Memorie? When told his story About missing his sister c;
how often is Kentucky gonna go 35/37 on FTs and us go 30% from 3? RARE. We beat you once, you beat us. If we suck, you do too.
Blah bored text it up at 239 284 8475 also gotta stop by the recording studio later so i can throw down some more tracks its just a demo
Everyone loves my hair lol. But 4 real, that isn't a lie about the essence of who they are. That's what u got to keep real.
Awesome long b-day lunch w/friends and now chillin' at main stage of SJ Jazz fest. Great Sunday!
happy mothers day mom <3
Why is it so easy to fall for someone you know will never fall for you!?
I see you are getting the hang of updating www.HoopDreamsOnline.com | Good work
Can I atleast get a "hello"?? If I do I will cry but happy tears!
I'm frustrated cuz I want business cards & a site to shw wrk. Even FREE wrk I do like pics of ppl at monuments or parks etc
I love masterlock for being there for their employees here in Wisconsin!
Off to apply for a job at the place I love !
lol! Middle of the turn pike, a bird pooped on mine. :/
can you please email your donation request to ? Thanks! ~Lisa
My dad just admitted to me that he puts the phone down when I talk, and picks it up every 1 min to say "yeah, that B$&%* is crazy" #<3myfam
cool. well, next week would be awesome. we have ACST peeps in this week. you are loved, but I cannot call you The Bratcher.
Kimchi for dinner
Oops, that was ! Thanks f/the retweets, know we'll get some fabulous candidates.
#il2011 the face-off is to librarians what wait-wait-don't-tell-me is to NPR
Sometimes it can be hard to help somebody when you tryin to get right ur own self
I know that feeling :( safe flight RT Heart is sinking at the thought of going back.I wish I could keep staying on in Mumbai.
im hungry ! lol
Sucks about your cancer and I'm glad you beat the hell out of it. My point that jokes about the homeless are akin to racism.
"I'm sorry. Mom's dress just should not be shorter than her top." #overheard #grocerystore 0_o
THANK YOU EVERYONE WHO SUBSCRIBED TO YOUTUBE CHANNEL ENJOY THE VIDEOS! WWW.YOUTUBE.COM/JACKIEDAMODEL
Congrats to the winners of my Harvey Prince giveaway - check your emails! Just emailed all the winners :)
Yes #caps!
I promise you half the people in this class have to be half retarded
If God has forgiven you, why can't you forgive yourself~BAMM.
perfecto! glad we could be of assistance :)
told you... God isn't with me when it comes to betting
I read a lot of bad reviews for a movie I thought was pretty good. How did you rate John Carter?
#SDBlackout lead me to all my secrets. And I'm disappointed and thrilled @ the same time
CONGRATS--->>RT : «-- Winner of The 352 Graphic Designer of the Year 2011 Award... Im aiming for next year too. :-)
Pickup Line: You might not be the best looking girl here, but beauty is only a light switch away.
that was good!
searching for a QA Sup in Visalia area
hope all went well
Here comes da BOOM
I drove 45 minutes to hear the trombone player I heard he is a prodigy
I'm so scared. Totally scared.
Sweet your welcome :)
RT : I'm making a political statement, everytime I make my booty pop
#HaveUEverNoticed that on every flight there is always a crying baby and a mother ignoring it LOL
JETS NO PROB BUT THE VIQUEENS NO WAY THATS JUST BEING A DICK
kool. just smoking a stoge. How is you?
Hey guys, i love your work. I any chance of letting me do some videos for you. Willing to work for FREE!!!!!
yeah! 1st time I heard it 'ehhhh' second time 'aiight this is prutty good' then the third i was freaking dancing round the house
I like the sound of that....you coming out to Rocket Bar?
"sometimes WAITING is the hardest thing... but prove to be the best thing for you!"
I am thinking I would need the AND NOT condition because of the potential for multiple item records with different status values
Thanks for the syllabus!
"I'm the exception." "You are my exception." Ugh, why can't it be that simple.
right ugh i gotta go the bell rang i love you
If only they were free and already set up exactly as I need them to be!
Oh! so sorry to hear that
Can't wait to see it in action! RT : Finally finished the marketing plan and timeline for BEauty on June 22!
Thank you :) RT Now playing: 'Falling further in' by October Project (1995). It's a true Classic Album in my book.
Thankful for our freedom and the all the Vets that put it on the line for that freedom!!
McCann wins Olympics pays $15M in the form of mrkt services, smart on one front but good luck getting a raise from your other clients
REMEMBER ARTICLE WRITERS: www.ArticleOnCall.com
you got this!
no kidding
we miss you too :)
Justin Tuck: "We're going to win. One hundred percent we're going to win ... because we're the best."
Where is my partner in crime
thanks for coming to our panel yesterday. It was a ton of fun!!
Most of your tweets sound like they are misplaced text messages.
you fatassss “: i could eat those mini corndogs all day lol they're so good”
Oh god, I don't know who this chick is, but she's fucking hilarious.
Hahaha, I don't know why everyone is just now finding out that Adam Levine said I'm his biggest fan. <U+263A>
What! Lol now she's having an affair! #um so NETFLIXIN smash when eye get back to america!
Trying to get around in crutches is not fun or funny... until your 15-mo old says it is. And boy, does he say it is.
Please watch all 3 HSM's. You have to prepare for your future role in HSM4 :)
Thanks for following me.
how hard is it to actually get noticed by you? Because all I want is an I love you tweet or a follow to make my life... <3
I don't know what to think anymore...someone help
I feel old when I see "Shoutouttothe90skids" is a Twitter trend. Whippersnappers, get off my lawn!
no, it's not you.
Last night was so amazing, but now I'm so tired haha.
Aroldis Chapman just blew Bryce Harper away with a 100 MPH fastball.
Maybe I should have paid attention to #Klout ... ever. I wanna drive a , too! Dang.
One more #FF shoutout to He's pretty awesome too. You should give him a follow.
If you're using our new API in private beta, just a heads up that we just reset that database. Deals will start coming back shortly.
Allensworth is the only California community founded by African-Americans- InSpotter app
Thank you ! Had a great visit to the museum, - Mark
And that's why we deal w/ the Sheriff...
Stop stunting mane smh
Thank you for coming by good sir! Hope you got to enjoy the tacos!
RT Awake! Will be drinking 's Run Before U Crawl Tomm! RT Beer Bear is awfully quiet. Still in hibernation?
Lmao - girls, rocks, and states like Kansas all have something in common: skip the flat ones.
Let's Go! Rangers score! 2 zip blue shirts!
#BlueRock welcomes #WebMD to our #studio today.
makes me want a hot dog real bad!
Sure, I'll come stand under the mistletoe with you (;
Great season starter, although it's sad to hear EVPs from little children looking for their mother. Great show, though!
Honesty is a MUST
Check out and for local brand expertise and marketing insights (and great photos!)
I'm getting a tattoo tomorrow. Be prepared to get a picture.
Aw LOVE YOU LADY! President's Day trivia...that's what's up for my Monday! Lol...hope you enjoyed your Monday 2! =)
I have now successfully baked four cakes following the directions on the box... That's Michelin Star worthy, right?
two door cinema club, fleet foxes, the shins, arctic monkeys, phoenix, beirut, mumford + sons, bon iver
I can never seem to get this new iPad to charge 100% - regardless of how long I charge.
Javale McGee was #impressive tonight, he will be in the same group as Bynum and Howard in two seasons. He needs to improve his basketball IQ
Not a good start to my Friday... Hot apple cider all down my leg and floor of the car.. And Tim Hortons made me late to work! Ah! TGIF
What does Cris Carter have to do to make the HOF? It's crazy!
thanks for the Libra update Boss! Always on constant universal vibes! Susan Miller is the one to check, IMHO Astrologyzone...boom
Times In-Depth: How one Erie-area couple found 'life after bankruptcy'
we fought hard but unfortunately. But I have full faith we will bounce back and bring it next game.
Thank you and - it is always fruitful to visit 500!
Thank you. It's true. She was always a great little friend!
Beautiful weather makes it so easy to get outside and get active!!
It means grandmother
The X2 is a pretty badass program. Well put together and an extreme ass kicker ;)
Just read the article, great inside info!!!!
If you don't follow , , or You're missing out. Go follow them now ! (:
Watching Ancient Aliens on H2 "the Mayan conspiracy" .....fascinating!! #maya truth
Love the full lyrics area on Pandora.
That's that nippy weather! ( :
any thought who may take over?
. has a theatre series called 'Undesirable Elements'. 'Only connect.'
Apparently I can follow myself. Who knew?
Follow me I follow you how that sound ????
Clearly priority luggage means nothing to you - 6th flight in row. This sucks - clearly no ExPlat means nothing
Going to church doesn't make you a Christian any more than standing in a garage makes you a car.
Good enough!
That is great!
Are you a divorce attorney?
just because we're not close anymore doesn't mean I dont care about you.
Got my symbaloo account all set up and ready for action. I'm gonna really like this! Thanks #edcampCincy !
Diabetes won. It always does.
Just say when!
well how would you know if tumblr is dumb when you haven’t even tried it? haha
Unhelpful backbone "summary": "Backbone is an incredibly small library ... One can not easily summarize the benefits" Uh.
fat ass
“: the Pirates have a better record than the Phillies right now.... #awkward”
The absence of fear is not courage. The absence of fear is mental illness.
"None but ourselves can free our minds." - Bob Marley
Is it sad that one of the reason why I might actually join FB is so I can make comments on your page during the livecast?
So im trying to go to SF on the 25th
Pls RT! Tickets are now on sale at all select-a-seat locations and united supermarkets come out and support your very own!
Q4 Looking at OCR data it appears that communities are in different places in meeting equity & that many challenges remain
Keep it long!
I want to have a friend where I can do stupid teenager stuff with.
I love females
Love nap time!
my god
Also just threw my phone into the wall and fucked it up cuz it was being stupid! Ha
Mitt Romney picks up dog bites and leaves them with breakfast cereal as a woman collapses in the future
Google Co-Founder Sergey Brin Caught Wearing Google Glasses
Part 1 of my MA strategic fashion marketing interview tomorrow #LCF written assignment
love you!
Kasparov: Weak human + machine + better process beats strong computer alone or strong human + machine + inferior process.
You both would be devastatingly saddened if you saw the Target and Old Navy ensemble I'm actually wearing.
Listen to the conversation,.. Learn who is saying what and where...Leverage conversation and foster.
lol ye you could say that I tweet. a lot. how's life?
I hope to go back there soon! Next tour is a quick trip to SLO.
New approach against the germs in my sinuses tonight: NyQuil & early to bed vs (hopefully) getting up at 2am to use my neti pot.
congrats on the iphone
Wait... it's "Catt Sadler"? Never paid attention to it in text, I always thought it was like... Kats Adler or something. HAHAHAH.
Made it to #MARAC. Now to get the lay of the land.
Altavista splits pair as district chase heats up - Altavista
I'm not so sure. RT : #renoAMA panel agrees that hosting a future Winter Games would be a huge positive for the #renotahoe region.
What they gone do with Goodlow and protools ?
preparing for a 21st centurt Learning presentation
Q4) Participate actively when given the opportunity to learn with others
Anytime! I have to support my fave schools! RT Thanks for the support!
Can't a girl find the right soft chewy peppermint candies?
Take a break at the end of the day, let bring you dinner.
That would be very cool. Such a cool region with so much interesting stuff to offer
Studying turned into playing baseball with basswood for an hour with
Yeah, that was fantastic. It was the highlight of his life, but unlike others, he still had a life. Big distinction.
RT Get tweeting! Students who use Twitter have higher GPAs according to study by
"It is what you read when you don't have to that determines what you will be when you can't help it."
Yes. My email is
watching #theexorcist movie is more funny than scary. still a great movie
nevermind, link finally worked! Should be able to replace his Rav4! Hopefully he'll mature more this year, cost team some games.
Hope it helps! If you like it please spread the word!
Hoping john is doing great on his interview test.
Beware the ides of March...
there needs to be better trending topics.
Life is not always not always what one wants it to be., but to make the best of it as it is the only way of being happy
But he didn't answer my question though... Dfl he caught tf up
Life is too short. Screw the hate. Reciprocate the love. Have fun and get wild.
birthday cake!
I'm going to treat them all like.princesses :)
I'll probably make an appearance tonight to grab a few!
"your words smell like modernism" cc:
Remember how Freehand used to ask you what fonts you wanted to substitute before opening a file? WTF doesn't Illustrator do that?
Jim Avery of : We're setting the stage nationally with the Smart City San Diego initiative #GCF West
I would order the fight tonight, but the way Bank Account is set-up....(kevin hart voice)
In a surprisingly good mood for 3 hours of sleep and facing a 16 hour day. We'll see at 8 pm tonight how good that is.
hand over everything
Anyone else still sick about that game 7? Ugh!
We had a great time in Las Vegas. Next stop for Charles River - ISS Long Beach
pretty much the only routine needed lol
Basic people make me want to vomit.
Serious talks with and Tim. >>
please feel free to call me! 443-904-6743
Dude that's what makes them awesome.
Don't really need rubato because my plan is to put the finished track to the sheet music in the video. But it's a neat feature.
ill let him know. logie will be happy to be able to tweet him as well once he goes back to base in Arkansas
Rosedale is a tough ticket - HIT it early : Cup 2 of coffee for abnormally early workout. At least its bright out.
golden retriever!
Bertucci's run :D
For those interested in buying FATALE by and we are down to one shelf copy. Get it as soon as you can!
the conflict ended there was an ending cutscene... You clearly have no.idea what you are talking about.
If not for #grading my house would be a lot messier than it is now.
real bitches fuck with me and idgaf who dont
I find it interesting that neither elementary age son had homework last night specifically because of the BCS Game.
Hey baby!
New hashtag for streamers should be #kftp for our own media outlet
New coming in just a few hours#ForMotherRussia 1 thing for certain 2things for sure going to be hard and yinZ should get it
Dam it's hot af!!! Ughh
Thanks, I love yours too ;) With Cam <3
what are you using? Should be able to drag it in over and over again for the full length of the track
Could always do Code4Lib Midwest there. :-)
Might be going to the army reserve thinkin bout it
Started early again with buyers today... i do like making offers prior to Noon
I hope all of you are having a wonderful evening. Im going to be getting some more work done. look forward to seeing everyone on tues! ciao
What's you're favorite #Easter candy???? I love Snickers Eggs! yummy :)
Nice!! RT Waiting patiently for the flash sale to start
saw BYOTOS was gone. Do you have a new site someplace?
Ah! Good to know!
Imprinted slap bands are popular this year
You're welcome. Thanks for noticing! Hope you have a Marvelous Monday!
yeah yeah bitch you best be sorry! <U+2661>
Okay, but Blenheim Ginger Ale takes a prize for being 1) branded "pale ale" in 1903, 2) spicy, & 3) bottled at SOUTH OF THE BORDER.
#WOW I'm feeling like a Chicken #Nuggets fan right about now, Only we have championships.
thanks Kim :)
RT : We're mere minutes from game time at Rexall. Let's go Hawks!
we hope its right! ;)
U st smdh:) party for Stone & Damo bday lastnite went from Indulge wit to Martins wit
Wealth is a state of mind...
Hurry! Turn on TLC! Strange Sex is very um, strange.
The heat woke me up.
Oof, I need to finish and edit a book chapter due Monday and if I leave it until Sunday might not have enough time :(
Think I spelled Derrick wrobg... or did his mama lol
I am NOT pleased. I wanted to go to the game wednesday!
evan turner weak a
Isn't it interesting that we're talking about social issues and, lo, where o' where is Mitt giving a commencement speech at on Saturday?
The type of this investment… •...always was the investment of the really rich people.
Me too!!
It's awesome, back like it used to be. Props to everyone keeping the peace RT : You are braver than me!
about time you give my hometown Mound Bayou JFK some love frat!
One more class. One more class. (takes deep breath) I can do this.
falling asleep to some Washed Out. Perfect
“Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower.”
that's soo cool!! I wanna make one now!
well, somebody needs to steel the bunny rabbit out of his hat!
Absolutely! RT : "We're moving away from wisdom of crowds and moving toward wisdom of friends," sez
oh yeah! Hubby is like "shoot-thats a side dish for ME! I don't know bout nobody else!" LOL
Damn! THAT is a lot of boxes. lol
Teenagers drinking hand sanitizer to try to get drunk? Really
I hope you know its simply you
I miss you dude :( member when we would go cloud watching & birdwatching?:')
You are quite welcome. It was well-deserved. I think the three of you should start a movement. /cc
heheh, what's the name of that amendment thingy... number 5 I think? ;-)
Already did that 2 months ago and again today. Is this company trying to SCAM people? I just want to know...
www.flipcups.com - Now Has the Party Starter, The newest way to do Shots....This has to be the best of the best of new inventions.
don't feel bad they just ran into the leagues MVP tonight. Tony Parker!! Kobe would not have made a difference. I'm sorry
the concert was amazing! i wish i could have met them. oh well, i met hot chelle rae, tho.(:
is it just me - or has CC become even hotter now that he's "returning the favors?"
im getting bored with all of this.
Chris Paul was a -22 last night. Tony Parker was +25.
that's great. He should have stopped there... Respectfully.
notchet but gona keep u n formed weekly
Look out 4 Inkefx this Summer! ": yep i have three new prints at the printer now new hem tags coming too!"
just finished makin a beat now im finna hit the bed wit the fam
Just woke up from a very long nap
you know sometimes i hate it when nothing goes right.. and it just keeps fucking up.. just one thing.
Hi Good to receive your email today & to find you here as well. Been too long since I've been in touch! Love your eCards!
Yay! RT : Lil sis takes blue ribbons in the long jump, high jump, and 4X100 in her first meet of the year!
At Great HP event with inspiring to be with ppl trying to do so much good. read her book Giving2.0
are you coming over this weekend?
Now she is really disappointed her culinary class is over. would mean the world to me if you could call her cell phone.
Ratchet ass people on my timeline
#FanToArtist #Dear I think it would be great to make a song for the next album entitled "Nastalagia" the past that made the present
Bitch, moan, and complain (to myself)
Be open to the here and now so you can see the magnificence all around us and let it guide you to your Highest Self
Baseball extra Innings >:-P Give Me Football or Give Me Death!!!
Lucky you.
Practicing my poker face. Granny's 70th birthday party!
Patience, grasshopper...
Vidal: "On behalf of my 2500 business members that are members of the Chamber, I'm here to testify in support"
racquetball with my daddy.
he is not he's straight as a circle haha jk
Good Morning an Happy #Monday!
*huggles* Thanks hon! I'll know in a couple of days if I make it through to the final 5. :) The soccer dream will happen hon
And the class of 2008 will forever be jealous. Womp. RT : It's a sunny & beautiful day for all the Bison graduating!
Having a Follow Spree :) Following ALL of Followers now <== RETWEET this!
Under the printer. Do you know how to change toner?
Wildcats work the field like theres no tomorrow. Lol.. Except for saturday.. That was just i dont even know.. /:
Anyone with a nook wanna lens me 50 Shades of gray?
Taking some time away from our #startups to celebrate the birthday of ! Let's see how the super-techy crowd parties tonite!
Thanks for the website!
Just the beginning lol.. You knew RT : #nf that shit was cool as hell last night
Any good ideas for a poem come out of your "Fun" shopping adventure?
Two free #powerplate sessions for those who call to book an appt by July 15th- Don't miss it
When its time to move on because you have reached your full potential you will know
That happens sometimes... that's why there's a November every 12 months! You'll get it next time! :)
aha, tilemill. good excuse to use it for the 1st time!
Heading on with at 1:30pm live from Amtrak on my way to NYC for #Caps/#Rangers Game 7!
Hello everybody!! If you "liked" this page, pass it along and share it with your friend!! All the best, VOo
to excited for my man ushers new album dropping june 12 just in time for me to dance to for my bday
W.beyondthescoreboard.net vs is gonna be a good one.
ditto on the packing. I really need to get on that!
Has an audition for 'Chuck' tomorrow...
DHSI would have broken the bank. But we already had a family vacation planned.
Working on my site :D
RT : RT #EnvisionFilm now google earth engine used to prevent deforestation in Amazon. Gives hope that tech can...
Finally!!! Congratulations. Can't wait to see it!
OH: Inviting Legal to a meeting is like inviting my mom to a rave.
GTFU Sox nation. The big donkey is back
Her best friend - not that that says: "You will find it better," and that she calls him and says: "It's better you do not find it!"
John mcCain was in prison camps for what - six years? How could he possibly be sane after that. and his kids have to be nuts too.
Yes. Don't get me wrong though. Usually super cool folks and food is awesome! Addicted the chicken sandwich-add chili mayo :)
ha jeez
Congratulations! I'm good. Been working a lot and enjoying life.
Can't imagine a better bunch to work with.
i could not click on that link - the tease line was too gross!
that is P.W. Herman, and keep your hands off his bike! :)
Money & success don't change people; they merely amplify what is already there ~ Will Smith
zen garden time=)
Trust me when I tell you that I could write a book about workplace stress, just in 2012. Happy to not be working there anymore ;)
You must be loco to mess with us. Dont you know we're dangerous. We'll Kill U. We'll Kill U.
It's Fox City on Fox Den. Just saw my third different fox on my lawn since Thanksgiving.
I am interested to see what happens...trying to stay away from spoilers since I haven't read the books, but I'm curious.
The way that you accomplish tasks with a product - what you do and how it responds - that's the interface. ~ Jef Raskin
RT RT R E T W E E T If You Dont Give 3 FUCKKKKKSSSSSS
Who brings bullets to a school?!
I need to start a tumblr
It doesn't come around that often so don't miss out on Crawfish and Crab Sweet Red Pepper Asparagus Bisque. Its sure to go quick!
and the d@*% plays in a dome.
Gymtyme Platinum ": Was there any team that you feel should have won Worlds?"
I am so intrigued when random acquaintances on FB are mutual friends with people I know. Makes me went to go all creepy internet stalker.
No party sponsor!!! 1) No $500 for ticket, 2) Can't get Mon-Wed off, 3) No $300+ for food & liquids
Don't drink the water
aw thanks!
...unwinding with a glass of Domaine de la Romanee Conti Montrachet 2008 and prepping for the nxt satellite meetings. Long day
RT 24 days until the new cd comes out.
we shall play for you one day c:
What is VOIP? How can you save money? Does it work? Yes it does! It is time to talk. Get current. Save Money. Call 512 873-0447
Who has #inspired you in the #guineapig community and what have you #learned from them?
breaking news; hacking with #TileMill for processing data during
Thx 4 all the positive Twitter vibes!
what should our enterance muisc be team rated rko
read that as "tanlines" - sounded super creepy
Sad news just in of a car wreck over the weekend killed 7members when falling over 50 Feet. RIP
bo see you Monday then
The Loyal Ones Always Get Played.
So... One Direction should totally freakin say what #ZAP means.
there is only one jack in our house and no plugs near it.
lol never that
Omg.. Just saw someone who looked exactly like
To do great things is difficult; but to command great things is more difficult
You have not lived until you have done something for someone who can never repay you. ~~ Author Unknown
Glad I don't have any homework for the first time ever!!!
SHUT UP MARK
Just discovered online e-catalog. Music, videos, e-books! AWESOME! Do you have a similar system?
Sounds kind of mean, but fuck that.
Lol what conference u in ? RT We was about first lmao
Congratulations to our chef, Rob Michels for getting engaged! Congrats Rob & Melissa!! xo, your TAG-family
I know I am going to do it while I am sitting up here bitching
I'm not sure if I wanna go back through my feed & try to figure out what you're talking about...
My family worked hard for their money so they didn't want to see things go to waste.
this was a while ago. 1999 I think. Before kids.
hear hear!!
are you still at the graduation? you've been everywhere today! you hyper girl #busybusybusy lol
haha Knox you are a flirt!
remember when followed me a few months ago. turns out he is the vocalist for a SICK band never been the same since
he told me to get all this out of my system but I dnt know if I can stop.
Having followed One Direction since their X Factor formation, it just totally makes my day to see them on
a man what u doing down there
you f*cked Cookie?
this is the first time i have ever cried at the loss of someones life that i did not know on a personal level.
Why can't I just be a regular American and buy a car and live in the suburbs?
People wanna eat me like a birthday cake
Okay I bought you last night. Now, I need to do significant hacking to try and port in free content. Looking for advice on apps.
Heading into the studio tomorrow. Plan to record drums on 3 songs, including a remix of an classic
have you met , , and ? all going to #ala12. also, maybe :)
Lost 1 Squirrel for New Team Lunacy! Anyone wants to improv with 2 squirrels tweet me!
If you've registered for our site but never received your activation email, check your spam folder for one from
Your #cutoff from now on
why are you not at school?
Baby o.o your so mean but sweet you're like a fucking sour patch kid but sexier
Especially if we get to go outside and play :)
Toaster strudels! :D
yes yes and yes
Oh good god so do I. Nearly snarfed my drink reading that as the memories came flooding back.
Pretty much everybody still has not got out of bed yet and is just sitting on twitter.
are those tattoos on your face(; hehe jk
I kind of like Rose Byrne's hair but NO on jumpsuit. Cannot WAIT to hear what has to say.
Good night
What's the one with Chris O'Donnell?
I think I'll go for my 3rd ice pop :3 <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
didn't know this was home for you. I'll sure try to get there!
Jumbo Stromboli just $4.99 this week. Choose your own stuffing or grab a Pepperoni, Sausage or Spinach/Feta - all with 100% WI Mozzarella.
#14 Wabash tips off vs Baldwin-Wallace in the 2nd annual Don Lane Classic at Transylvania in downtown Lexington, KY
summer 2012 really needs to come faster! only 27 days of school left thanks god:)
Thank you, MKE City Attorney, for dropping my BS parking tickets. Made the trip down to the court house worth it. Such an awful place.
*holds up lighter and sways back and forth*
I wish I was able to give him a massage just so he could relax for a few...
I'm going with old beat up catchers mitt or dried up roast beef.
Nothing at work tryna stack up to Re-Up Why you snappin on folks
My phone is dissconnected text my txt free instead :) 213 3779147 :)
“MiraclePlace is the most important project in the Tampa Bay area and this city.” ~ Martin Silbiger, M.D. Capital Campaign Chair
Are you seriously stealing from boces .. this is why we all hate you
Bridget Jones's Diary. My favorite movie. Perfect way to spend the afternoon.
She really on that bull ima jus keep away from her
oh, just kidding! You're 3 steps ahead of that silly line-up leak..should have known! Is that one you retweeted for real?
hello friday night. apparently we're enemies now.
I need to be on Ellen one day.
I got out of school finally
Picking up from the airport then hangin in LA till the Key Club tonight
whaaa my time in LB is coming to a close and I'm gonna have to start working on work :/
: Thanks for the follow!
then they freak out???? why are they on a big social network if they don't want to be part of the big social network
When you've been wanting to watch The Haunting for years and you do three days ago and they play it on tv today.
fuck yea, we will both be soak in wet
however he does have the gun, its a little rainy and cool outside, his job was to find unusual happenings in the neighborhood, ctd
66 followers! Remember to like Facebook page and get their FREE download of "Girl I Used To Know" keep spreading the word!
as always, ref's mikes didn't work. Sounded like intent to blow the whistle as he lost sight of it
Can't wait!!! RT“: Can't wait for our show & tell with #Aimachi and today. #prideusa #wgi #WGIweek i ”
#1ofmyflaws I don't fall easily, but when I do, I go hard. Whether there's someone to catch me or not
im b good though...
VITAMIN D! Loving this sun today! :D
Another huge thank you to for accommodating me on short notice today for some fair weather shooting!
Got my days off approved so I can go to CineVegas Film Festival. Any suggestions on what movies to see would be appreciated.
I am late in thanking you, hope you are having a good day mr. terry.
Mostly about business, but I want to ask more about curation in reception afterwards.
it was a hurricane down here yesterday!
Shouldnt u be sleeping?? :)
Morning everyone!!
hope you have a good day.
Gavin DeGraw Eliminated from 'Dancing with the Stars' - Zimbio
so i'm supposed to draw something out of only circles for math... what to draw?
will you sell blackberries by the lb?
Always arrive super early to auditions. Always seems to confuse the CD LOL!!!!
I am sad to say that if TMZ is saying she is, she is. They are rarely wrong. If only Judith Miller worked for them.
thank you SO much!!! You're the best "sister" ever! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
I pay taxes.
TheFreshSnapback.bigcartel.com is where cheap snapbacks is! every thing is FREE SHIPPING Over 50 different styles! x
i don't sparkle. remember? we've been over this.
Depends on your definition of "banned." It's been banned from many libraries and isn't purchased at all in many more.
{Compared to tears shed for you by your parents (when you were a child), yours do not match up! Say words of love & appreciation}
Nobody sells a T1 screwdriver locally so I can fix my my
You don't know what I'm gettin #KINGIN RT : lmao you ain't getting nothing ! :)
#1 comment in Kent,WA when telling people you want to be a photographer: "you like gonna shoot for playboy? that'd be awesome"
"WHY?" "Because I said so!" Good one, mom, you should be a lawyer.
Peace out, 2011. What a year. Cheers to the Rose Bowl champion TCU Horned Frogs and the NBA champion Dallas Mavericks. Wow.
What happened to "The Jets" ?
Ideal situation. Bears draft Kirkpatrick and trade 3rd for Osi.
live in the mix on Power 98.3!! stream live @ power983fm.com
It was adorable!!! Your such an inspiration! I hope to meet you again sometime soon :)
My father gave me the greatest gift anyone could give another person, he believed in me.
palm trees and mist and mozzarella sticks?
The mayer of NYC can't keep a Christian from Ground Zero on 9111--thank God! Pray on!
knowing my children are safe and happy
#IfIHadATwitterPromIdTake <3 the most handsomest boy on the face of this planet(: <33
icky icky oh we
RT You have 86,400 seconds today. What will you do with them?
I like these guys attitudes. RT : we're going to change this world dude! get ready!
what ever happened to Brad Fischer?
"May the fourth be with you" oh wow lol you're all comedians for coming up with that one
It's a gorgeous day! (at least in chgo) get out and enjoy it!!
Congrats to Tom, Jackie and the rest of the team! I think I shall celebrate with a coconut pie bite on your behalf.
Enjoyed the comments on that one.
By specializing in windows and doors, we offer homeowners, builders, and architects an extra edge.
a lot of pitches
btch u gets no love
One scene down, seven to go. :D
lets all agree the #Facebook IPO should be set to $200 Billion, quite a reasonable figure, & just gave Eduardo $100B
RT : Tx to sponsors , our filmmakers will get picked up at SFO in eco electric style in a...
What was it like having One Direction on your show?
*sad face*
Watched 2 classics this week for the first time: Fargo and Citizen Kane. I need to keep this going. Recommendations?
when the kindle edition costs more than the printed book, i don't buy either.
shake that ass real fast then stop!
Be sure to vote in the poll!
thank you!
How many r's were there? 6
Ah yes here with the cleaning crew wrapping up a 13hr day!!! The Proud One is smelling and looking so fresh and so clean!!
What? Crazy!
#LiesPeopleAlwaysTell is tht they love you and then a min later brake ur heart
Loving how the beginning of the #boyfriendvideo has absolutely NOTHING to do with the acctuall video... <U+2665>
#vocus webinar, creative story packaging: "Every office needs a Dwight Shrute" got pickup everywhere, created story where there wasn't one
Congratulations to Sharon Morrell from #LakeEola Charter School, recipient of the Certificate in #Nonprofit Management!
Stopped and got some Trojans cuz I'd rather spend 450 on Jordan's and not abortions
depends on what you mean by lay lawyer
Grown ass man - Ludacris .... Priceless
You will never know your limits unless you push yourself to them.
#superbowl whoop whoop!
"Seems, madam!" nay, it is; I know not 'seems.'"
talk is cheap we need action players ! #Survivior strategic with a strong will to WIN !
If any of my cemetary shots seem worth looking at I'll put them online just so that you can see.
wow i must have ADD
WHO CARES WHAT OTHER PEOPLE DO WORRY ABOUT YOURSELF-emily
I added Mischievous Kiss for you.
#OnMySpace when people would get butthurt because either they werent on your top friends, or they were all the way at the bottom. LMAO!
welcome back to the real world
1. My clothes aren't cuter. 2. Even if they were, I can barely tell the difference between pants and a sweater.
Http://twitchgames.com
Guess who dropped her cell phone in bath water & did everything wrong to try & fix it? Fuuuuuuuuuck!
Cover CBs, like Smith=pass rush better+ give option of more aggressive Def play calls.
My Producer Come Back On FRIDAY Then We Back On The GRIND
: wait... Are u shooting? Is my hometown paper finally having Derby coverage again?
#HappyBirthdayDiggy , you've grown so much, can't believe you're 17 already *tear* :)
well put your friends down on Boyer
yeah hopefully!
Who is the new King of R&B? I still say R .Kelly
On conference call with our fancy lawyer going over the final details of the contract... whew!
Argh, after a too-zealous grab for the newspaper, half of that coffee is now on my shirt. Just one of those days...
don't be too disappointed :)
Thank you, sir!
HOLIDAY GIVEAWAY Text: positivevibe{one word} to 90210 to enter a chance to win a Positive Vibe t-shirt! Happy Holidays!!
what is the new hash tag?
aww! That was so sweet!!
Thanks. Excellent interview with Joss!
makes you even more sexy!! :)
what's new!?
Mary Pickford - "The past cannot be changed. The future is yet in your #power." It can be cleared though... <3
im goin to sleep...z
When People Get Ready To Die..They Show You What Kind Of Person They Really Are-
she says: oh yeah i really do want to kill her just dont reply back.... LMAO WHAT A BITCH! Ill say thank u for her THANKS!
#oomf is too cute! :)
haha its all good! GET EXCITED
THANK YOU, SIR!! Keep on fighting the good fight!
wow, just wow.
im appalled
Lots of tweets about the #oscars! We are having our free viewing party on Clematis in #WestPalmBeach right now!
Rant over moving on...film audition...meeting the mentor a little later before teaching to run lines...him a TV aud...probably L and O...
thanks for the shout out!
making hits. Yea
It's gonna drop June 1st!
Should the fact that my laundry closet smells like somebody's roasting marshmallows be cause for alarm?
Hey, If you are in LA, Toot Away is now available at the Lemon Tree Bungalow 8727 Santa Monica Blvd., W. Hollywood, CA 90069. GREAT store.
Up and ready for drupal goodness @
Home sweet home. Night, Twitter.
I work tonight, stop by!
i loved the new episode of icarly #1D <3
Absolutely great day today...can't ask for better.
I believe in the power of finding your VOICE in WRITING! Join us for "IGNITE THE WRITER WITHIN!" Tele-Course! www.wppiuignite.com
Thanks for connecting me with I've been following your blog. How's life in Australia?
LMAO!!! I love it...hilarious! Go Obama!
Today we sort the plot of Tributary Dredge. Which could change everything.
I wouldn't mind punching Miles Plumlee in the face. Go
“: Can't wait to be at Ohio state where all the boys are hot.. Unlike cinci #sorry” true story.
I GOT MY MJ TIME MAGAZINE ISSUE!!!!
Would love to join you!
(1909)“I was climbing aboard the train at the Victor depot, waving good-bye to my parents and, age 17, off on my own”-LT
Thanks for the RT!
Congrats to Caitriona Foley! Her book, 'The Last Irish Plague' won the Publication Prize in Irish History from the National U. of Ireland.
lmaoo.....i love how justin didnt even thank his beliebers for boting for him. <3
Who has the best pork belly in SD?
its my dream! :(
I believe that's called friends with benefits.
Does anyone else think that Amare's absence will help the Knicks?
Amateur Contest Beginning NOW!!! Come vote for the winner!!
Good song :)
Really weird how people talk sh*t abt you, when the only thingg they actually know abt youu is ur NAME.. x)
wow i feel stupid
YOU CAN WATCH IT ?!
thanks so much for the kind words and shout out! #yourock !
dude, brutal beat, keep up the good work, you'll get it. Maybe try next year...
this joint is off the hook murdered it.
I forgot it was 2004.
Go Eat Somethin Den
Steffi comes to.town today!
Poor Bear Grylls being fired from the Discovery Channel. With a name like Bear, his only other job option is summering on Fire Island.
Not that we don't love you, but the same can be said abt women knowing what is it like to be a man. We can't possibly know.
Aha! Thanks for pointing that out. Very handy.
Veganization day two...feeling pretty good!
Hoping to hit 60 followers by the end of the weekend. Sitting at 59 number. Let's go #Brewers fans!!
"It is better to look ahead & prepare than to look back & regret". -Jackie Joyner-Kersee
Eating lunch with
Aloha Karen! Thanks for following :)
Thank you!! Happy weekend to you too!
I love it when I find a sexy single guy!!!
thanks Ted, and congrats to you on the #NINES position!
RT : In Boonville with & We're chewing on pigs on the side of the road.
Of course, you are most welcome :)
Good lord
Ha! I meant the Jack Handey stuff. From SNL in the '90s.
RT : The Benefits of Wordpress | Web Designs By Liz: A compilation of reasons to use the popular CMS known as Wordpre......
But he's a 1.5-hit wonder...
Thanks for having me!
games pretty easy when u get every fuckin call. And no calls on the other end. Its a joke.
I have been thinking about the "new" ASD criteria. I agree revision is needed, but not removal of Asperger's Disorder. What abt u?
Gotta have one of those talks that you just wish you didn't have to. Hopefully it goes well.
can you follow me pretty please
Love talking w Always stirs my spirit to believe God for greater things.
what I aint gay
where yo feet at?? My table misses u:(
Hi, how are you? Please follow me, I would do the best day of all. That's my biggest dream, please. It is only a button.-65
DM We are aggressively going into academics. Would there be interest in collaborating?
Truth RT : Charles Barkley is so damned entertaining on TNT.
“: Chumleys with the roomies. Schooner night!” thank you loyal customers:))
Silkscreening for the 1st time. My 1st t-shirt "go cargo"
No! lol, love but don't listen the country music woman : Should I get bangs?
That being said, it's SO MUCH BETTER than it was even a year ago
In LA right now wondering why the radio stations in San Diego suck SO damn bad!
from which SIM lab ya little hoes?!
Always enjoyable when it's a W at the end of it!
4 reminders / day to practice with a camera. Shoot someone "glamorous" = sultry, playful, uninhibited, confident, & sexy (dime a dozen).
": Think of all the beauty still left around you and be happy."
OMG, thank you so much, that was so sweet
watching it now! Gahhh
I was hoping TDKR would be that again. Doesn't look like it though. Looks like the Bane & CW show.
good luck!!!! Hope you're here working with us soon!
Doing OK, despite the terror I feel whenever anyone uses the words "read" and "your book" while chatting with me :p
#ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate Damn I left my ointment at home
Did I mention and ?
Celebrate National Cheese Pizza Day on September 5th with a $5 ]Margherita pizza at Quartino (626 N. State St) for lunch. YUM!!
Lisa Leslie and Husband Michael Lockwood are expecting their second child in May... Congrats on your baby boy!!!
yea you need to sleep calmer. Freak.
“: $1092: amount US worker spends on coffee each year (time mag)”. Easily
I really wish I was riding my horse, right now. I don't ride it as much as I should.
A university is what a college becomes when the faculty loses interest in students.
I have the coolest boss !
John Taglieri is an American musician, singer-songwriter, recording artist, and label owner. He's mobile text gettag to 88704 on your phone.
No physical contact between players. That's why. Stand around in some tight pants
I had a dorrito taco last night at taco bell. Not too impressed. So so.
your guiding hand on my shoulder will remain with me forever
good good. Haha I was like that with my phone, too. :)
Ok, abandoning the lens flare. Not a good idea!
On the cute scale, I think "bros spotting each other at the gym" is up there with "puppies yawning." Do you dislike me now?
I know Alaska is beautiful, but most of me is saying, "Don't do it!" - Quite jealous of you working for BPL.
#10CancionesQueNoVoyOlvidar guns and roses - paradise city
Reminder 2 days left to reg. & win the "Bailando con Verizon" dance comp. Martini! You can dance the Latin Rhytm of your choice!
Let me also add Whiskeytown's "Pneumonia" to the list of favorite albums as well
I'd defiantly have to say the pillsbury dough boy. He makes that awesome noise when you poke his belly.
aw thank u honey!
Do we need to do a terrorist fist bump?
Wow watching Whitney's casket leave the church to I will always love you was heartbreaking. Cried so hard.
That's awful =( I hope he's okay!
Let's work together to embed the entire AP World History curriculum into Civilizations 6 to see what happens...
Twitter is addicting #wannatrycrackinstead?
You guys are brutal!
Did Jeter and Ortiz find the "fountain of youth" over the break or what?
Digital learning session: Who's the narrator within a crowd-sourced paradigm?
Reasons to come to #HappyHour: 1. Get out of the rain! 2. $5 drinks, $6 appetizers 3. Monday... enough said.
When you'r secretly REALLY nerdy .
RT : Did anyone notice that there is a boy from Liberia on American Idol?!!
complete site strategy
thank you so much!!
M rocks with salt
Just came back on in Cranberry Twp
Starlin is the best hitter on this team. He shouldn't be scarificing!! Sori comes through...
Slept in a little--actually feel rested.
I forgot about retweet after lol I knew you'd find it funny
what if we already follow ?? Lol
Dear #axl Rose, I know the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame is an oxymoron but you are still acting like an immature douche.
Absolutely! Looks like next week will be perfect for the both of us. Can't wait!
to call a game/intangibles/experience will always be somewhat difficult to judge. if you ask the #Rays pitchers, of course they will say [+]
Please go away Brett Favre
Insurance companies charge you more if you pay monthly, quarterly or semi-annually. Pay once a year and you’ll pay less.
see you in Dayton!
Please call the office 414-409-7263. We need a little more information. Thanks
thankss for following(;
Isn't it cute when moms TRY!....lol
today at 3
You are evil.
Holla! LOVE Stephanie! Actually have met her a few times! LOVE you ICE! New season looking good! you are my favorite celeb!
We must teach capitalists how to literally fuck themselves. That will finally give them something productive to do with their useless lives.
Shown Marion shoots like an idiot. I don't care how many he makes.
#furchat love that site, they helped my folks get across country with le cats
no problem! be sure to write on our wall and tell us whatcha think :)
Positive thinking creates positive results
Also no one cares about your partying ways so you can just shut up an sit down
Solve the problem by sword or spreadsheet. at
Happy Birthday I hope you get an overwhelming amount of birthday love.
I'm a bit embarrassed to admit it but I had a few too many drinks last night and you were a victim of a "Tweet & Delete." haha
Huggs in post game presser says except for KJ, this team is soft and has no heart. Um, didn't he recruit these guys?
I wrote last week about paywalls for newspaper online sites, which is the next big thing.
Happy Political Nerd Christmas, Marylanders! Pro tip: "I Voted" stickers are hot.
Oh. Well that's a relief!
RT : Know what's really insane? The March to Keep Fear Alive isn't even a march....
#MeepMeep lol yes! I love new girl!
I think sonar explosives are used in that summer movie about ships the navy used in World War II.
Decided to push myself this afternoon while out on a run & ran a fast mile in 6:04 to see what kind of shape I am in - Better than I thought
Thank you for the follow! :)
i just heard that song he is so cute
Super! This is too fun. I'm curious how the idea came about!
$4.15 a gallon! We are all screwed!
Today was cool until i calld my mom back dr kinsman can suck it
I'm so good at scramble with friends. Add me if you wanna get destroyed tejasaurus
I love how people don't know how to freaking keep their mouth shut. Seriously, get your big girl thong on,grow up, and get your own life.!
Happy Hump Day from Haiti! Today is my last full day here...and boy is it full! Excited to meet with though!
Can anyone recommend any good books or references on building food industry brands?
haha hmm...tricky. guess i'll stick to coffee and caffeine pills for now :/
I love the New York Mets for sucking like this, I really do. How many games have they just handed over this season? Bwahah ...
Good morning. Feel free to connect to me through LinkedIn. Thanks.
real talk
Crowd just oohed and aahed at the Iron Bridge Dinner. Close down a bridge and serve dinner on a long table.
No more #Kickdoubledowns !? are you kidding me?!
You're welcome :)
The 3 C<U+FFFD>s of life: choices, chances and changes .. You must make a choice to take a chance or your life will never change
Stephen A. is absolutely right! Lebron could walk away from the game today and be a first ballot HOF'er.
Its early but it is a beautiful day! I will be happy for I know I am
Well played. RT : #Nets say merch was 27% of all #NBA merch sales Monday...very close to mirroring their winning pct last few years.
Multiplatform Storytelling: #Frontline War Stories: "It's actually a lot harder to create simple design than something complex"
Painted a baseball of comiskey, wish I could have seen a game there when it was still open
I want a movie date.
Now, that, is EPIC :)
Put all excuses aside and remember this: YOU are capable. -Zig Ziglar
Oh good. Terrible karaoke rendition of Gotye from across the hall. Make it stop, please just make it stop.
In my mind I can still hear his 'Tulsa Time' bass line from '85 Summerfest (w/Eric Clapton) - RIP Donald 'Duck' Dunn
I cant imagen wut ppl did at stop lites b4 cell phones
See you in Atlanta tonight! All the way from Orlando!
Working on demos again. Maybe I'll tweet a snippet later?
like sometimes hardcore gets boring to listen to so i go to underground rap or spanish hahaha
RT : State regulations require heat remains on at senior buildings from Sept. until April. Seniors can't escape the heat.
oh boo that is no fun :( who are you going with?
Camilla Made this season of #BGC!!!
Which toys are you most likely to use in bed?
when we going todo something with dj
I'm creeping on you RIGHT NOW. You are in my ears. Did you catch that ?
worst case scenario, one hell of a rush
follow me)
Nirvana was all like "We are rock stars and we are MAD about it!"
So I've had this Christmas present that was intended for my now-ex on my desk for five months. Fuck me I can't get over anything for shit.
How can he flirt with someone when he can barely see over the counter?
I love you...just so you know.
thank you
haha, u know my taste :)
so today none of my friends were online hm so now wat any1 wanna chat with me i will talk 2 any1
Stop playing games with the lives of women. ~Rep Gwen Moore
sounds good
first link didn't work.... great stuff. Great colors. Rarely remove just paint over.
RT : Use quotation marks to express skepticism: Cher’s “Farewell Tour,” Creed’s “Best Album,” Jay Leno’s “comedy.”
TWITTER: "Sorry! We did something wrong. Please refresh the page and try again." ME: Do something RIGHT for once Twitter.. smh. -.-
One of those great Hollywood performances that did not get an Oscar nomination.
Happy Thanksgiving! Eat and drink and be merry!
X again for a huge 3! The Rams have to call timeout as the #Aztecs lead 58-52 with 5:49 remaining.
There is no judgment on Twitter!
Close Encounters of the Third Kind on Blu-ray... Nice!
I am not going to get a good GPA this semester
hi cousin <333333
If you list your top 3 favorite films, the dream film you want to make, is a mix of them - with a big dose of your own individuality.
Driving a teeny weeny Fiat clown car this wk. It's one small package. Speaking Of small pkgs, check out my new album at CdBaby/ iTunes!
Realising now that seeing in Cabin in the Woods was the perfect way to spend 4/20.
wedding crashing party time! Oh btw... If sales end online... Can I purchase at door? For tonight Gallery Night After Party!
Would like to beat the crap out of some of these shitty Columbus drivers.
looking forward to the great event tonight.
the sane create cages, the insane live in them
I'm not sure my mustache should be allowed at this nine year olds volleyball game ...
Just saw a terrible accident on the highway #praying <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
But the raffle isn't rigged in this case. At worst, it's slightly harder to win (though I don't believe that's true)
All wrong-doing arises because of mind. If mind is transformed can wrong-doing remain? - Buddha
MMA last night w a friend.Felt great to fight again such a good work out. School almost over.My last Wed as a Freshman.Time flies
SU looks horrible
CB for AZ still on the Board, and Minnifield, and even Dennard... another CB for #lions ? RB from Washington too... any thoughts?
Where's the logic in that? Progressives are going to save Congress.
the $USD is getting punked. Deliberate currency devaluation signaling impending Greece-like conditions in US
Ahh what a great suggestion! You are too smart :) my goal tonight is to be in bed before 1 haha!
Happy Belated BDAY! RT The man, the myth, the legend. Bryan Jessee turns 50 years old today. Happy birthday, Bryan!
I'm at a conference, there was a talk on fonts. I'm a nerd.
I forgot that's his top speed!
Y'all have a great weekend too, and congrats to the graduate!
My mum just rolls her eyes whenever i mention them, like they are an annoying faze. #ForeverAlone you and I ! haha (:
I also have memories of my students a year later. Today my kids love to read what it was like for the kids here in a small town.
I repeat how did u get into that shit haha
Hungry for the creame
Every time I try to Instagram a pic all "!!!working out at the gym!!!" I cant do it! x_x lol. HOW does everyone else take good gym photos?!?
Do your numbers on Saturday fam. I know you got this in the bag.
Those who been through a lot,just need to know that there not alone...so don't ever give up no matter what and stay strong.(:
One week & counting, #Popcorn lovers! Our Alexandria store & depot for the Popped! mobile is almost complete. Get ready to #GetSomePopped!
Canceled my debit card around lunch time. 7-10 days get new one in the mail. By dinner time, no cash, no food, no gas! #fml bank in a.m.
don't start wearing those tank tops...
what favor?
I enjoyed reading the headline - at $500 Billion, Apple is worth more than Poland, Belgium, and Sweden!
I think and will be a bit happier now because my Tweets aren't protected anymore.
yo! You think I can get the notes from you or Mia on Tuesday or something?
Life is short, live it. Love is rare, grab it. Anger is bad, dump it. Fear is awful, face it. Memories are sweet, cherish them.
no problem....ur location is FXCKIN AWESOME to btw...I vacation there a few times a year...maybe ill run into u..lol
Cannot stop thinking about Parks & Rec. It's so good!
Larry Bird is the man!
Soo cold , who wants 2 give me a hug ??? X
In the booth putting in work with Geeky. Catch me at the 500 on Monday nights! Make Money, Make Moves, or Make Way. - Telle
Stop splashing Raekwon
So does that make Gayle?
ya know how many cock suckers are on this bus? 2.... 2 to many if ya ask me lol
sure boo;)
I'm literally struggling right now. She even has the support of my mother, who never put a relaxer in MY hair. wth?
Think Like A Man is the #1 movie again this weekend at 18 million. What up coming summer movie are you looking forward to seeing? Roxanne
Ready to watch take down this Skills Challenge
I see Got tht black candy paint on the 300
ME THREE!!! why are we all awwake this early!?
I thought Williams showed something last year
People do not change, they just become a clearer version of who they really are....
oh really lol?
I see YOUR beautiful face in two days!! (I've come to realize we sound like a couple on our second week of dating...)
My girlfriend better give me back my wallet & pack of Newports or there gonna be problems.
Went to the driving range all by myself today..I guess it's all part of growing up <U+26F3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
"embrace the power of calculated boldness" powerful!
I guess ive been successful today bc i am exhausted!
Amazing "A Steady Rain" rehearsal and awesome vocal rehearsals for "Nevermore". GREAT DAY FOR AUP!
I need to look good for two men. My Baby Daddy and God. Cuz both of them
Its seems like a good day
Listening to #brewers on the radio. Uecker is talking to Yount. Always hilarious.
Sleepers and Cole, My Home/Castle. Lovely stuff!
Whew! What a great day shooting beautiful people! What? No more?
#thingswomenlike when you're a gentleman
All I want to do is retweet everything you've just said.
Let parents bequeath to their children not riches, but the spirit of reverence. Plato
great meeting/lunch with and about #THATCampMuseumsNYC. Excited they're on board and eager to help/participate!
« RIP Chuck Brown...DC Legend» No!
I heard minny has been nice lately.
is cute too c:
How do you make the hearts? I especially like the blue one! GO CATS!!
awesome! are there any songs you want to hear? i'll probably get 1 or 2
#coleg special session will start Friday or Monday
ah that is such a cool picture of Ashley in your background! ;)
Hey everyone:-)
HAPPY BIRTHDAY YA BITCH !
We would like to thank our awesome fans for voting Sebastian Joe's the Reader's Choice for "#BestIceCream Parlor in the #TwinCities"
+1 lol “: +1! RT : Siri almost texted my wife "I'm coming out" instead of home. That would've been awkward.”
Niggas want me dead. But I ain't dying no time soon - I got plenty shit to do still
son Andy tells me that in our culture we name girls, not boys after plants. Having said that, Blair suggests Birch as in Bayh.
I believe
Absolutely!!!! Realistic long range financial planning is often overlooked
Focus on the best. Be grateful for the rest. ALL of it works for your good. #letsGO!
He who gave me heavy burdens, gave me strong shoulders
What an amazing week! USGBC table top display last night, ULI lunch panel today, presenting to Gafcon Fri. & got a big green wall contract.
#Tags, #APIs, #Identity, and #Pingbacks dermacate #web20 (where they r out of control) and #web30 (where they r under control).
#ZodiacFacts Others may see an #Aries as lucky because they always seem to find a way to win, even against the longest of odds
If my twitter unfollows you..jut let me know,.. Because it does that alottt
That's the last time you put a knife in me! You hear me!?
Thanks to , & for leadership in campaign, fighting for hard working NYers in car wash industry
I #CANT Do No Songs Until This Weekend Cause My #Voice F'd Up. . .#WTF!
haha ya ya :P and good, how about you? :)
'Married to Jonas': Kevin & Danielle Jonas' New Reality Show! <U+2665>
i missed you on twitter!!
wish it wasn't such a short trip. We love your city! Can't wait to come back.
who are their best bigs now?
I just wanna hug him!
Getting amped over here!
uncharacteristically excited about saturday's 10K with something empowering about knowing i'm gonna nail it.
Planning planning planning
finally beat my boyfriends score on fruit ninja. :D
Maybe if they can only allow interaction when parked or the car senses someone in the passenger seat.
Bahh hangover go away it's already noon and I have shit to do
And that's not good.
TOTALLY understand that scenario! :-)
It was about time, ! Lunch soon?
Thanks for mentions and RTs !
Sunday's are so dry lol. Nothing to do! Make's me HAPPY to get back to work, on Monday's.
Where is our first amendment when u need it huh?
Writing composition skills are critical. Glad that W&M made me take Writing 101 my freshman year. I apply its lessons every day
look. I've been there... I've wanted to do the same thing... I hurt myself... but you know what? I found out it's not ok
I see you Bradly...
#35DAYS So happy for you! I hope maybe this tour you will finally come to Alaska!<3 I love you Bieber!!<3 (;
If Turkey is a terrorist country, shouldn't we be invading??? Come on Obama, grow some balls. U already disappointed me not invading NorKo.
when are we going to take a picture?? :)
watching Fairy odd parents ha. you?
I seriously think I have a hangover from a sleepover last night. haha.
That's cool so any news
RT : Not being able to buy booze in gas stations or grocery stores
#FF mates, w/o whom I cldnt survive on isle:
Also note how Time mentions contributions heaped on Joe Wilson since You-Lie-Gate, but not those heaped on his opponent Rob Miller
Did you play Little Talks before you left ?!?
Showing up early to your talk so you can catch in action is always a good decision. He's killing it at HHS
just watched the special on #obesity. devastating.
Knew I could count on you. ;-)
Nice and cool... 8-)
you're almost close enough to pass him another hamburger.
no it's not! Every time someone does something dumb like that I just want to slap their face.
First day of #UncommonWomenandOthers rehearsals was great! Really looking forward to all the Girls' Nights in my future with my amazing cast
Shutdown non-essential browser screens, mute phone, ignore emails -- back to writing code. Gotta get that feature out the door...this week
yeah. Pregnancy causes fake contractions where it seems like the baby.....
Studio today! gettin ready for the show with
Today through Christmas, mention this tweet and take 25% off ANY drink and ANY food item!
Not true, he thinks Jesus is an archangel
Our Love For 1D Is Endless <3
They definitely have tired legs. Another battle down the stretch.
Jessie James is following me!!!! :D
one final down one to go
I wish my first New Years Eve kiss could be with watching the ball drop in NYC. <3
Wow. No more Fish?
We got a show coming up at Swayzes Venue in Kennesaw May 12th!! Grab a presale from any member!!!
The number of my followers up at 2am working on papers is disturbingly high
hell yeah took my remaining balance
The main thing experience has taught me is that one has to sort of hone their relationship to time, you know
you ask for a discount at retail stores? Do they give you one? Like at the register at Target? You can work a discount?
GOSY up 40% from our alert this morning great call thanks to the editor
Ballester real good right now!
Finalizing our Deviance Class' Scavenger Hunt list - any last minute ideas to add?!?
it's good :D
ok then let me in to the texas killing fields to hugo to kickass on hick this 500 days of summer then amityville horror will Hit Red Mist ha
Love it! Miss ya toon :)
Thanks so much!
who wouldn't want to know you though?!
Loved hearing you speak about agency life last night at Got to jot down some great tips! :)
lol and but I don't wanna ride solo I need a boyfriend.
Yes! Leaving for Juneau for #swimming at 7 tonight!!!
oh man, those sound similar to our beloved thanksgiving sprouts, but even better! We'll have to give them a try!
Okay, made it to the gym. I can put a little smiley face next to it on my whiteboard.
who did? or did they just tell you that you lost?
it will be my pleasure also it would be good to see you too-H-The- Movement
What's your favorite holiday movie?
pool looks better than RIT :)
Good luck to my artists friends in the SF Bay Area today...rainy weekends are no fun when you exhibit in art festivals...
best I eva had ;)
no suit but yess im good company #juice and pasta
Hello! Be sure to visit us at www.facebook.com/freerentalsearch !
": If you had to pick one last-minute gift from , what would it be?" Picked up on DVD last night for $12.99!
Don't compare your love story to those in the movies. They're written by scriptwriters, yours is written by God.
O I can keep going
Don't forget to buy a Big Mac or Quarter Pounder w/ Cheese & get 1 more for a penny! Happy #TaxDay everyone : )
RIP Dave Hill, another Jackson boy made good.
No #greenbox as of yet,here at Casa Reed
Looking forward to teaching interdisciplinary undergrad class this evening.
Thx for follow! Let me know if greater exposure and publicity could help your business!
Lost followers
Not sure if that's b/c there's a smaller population than other schools or b/c of separation. I'm going to look up
To put that last tweet in perspective, that's how much district thinks it can save from closing four schools
I forgot how funny #jerryspringer and #Maury were. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
Looking for a new place to venture out to tonight in downtown Minneapolis; anyone have recommendations on a favorite hot spot?
meeting is at the hospital...in the auditorium of milstein heart building
Seeing your mom Smile that's a blessing ..
If i was on the home run derby, I would want Chad Durbin to pitch to me #Braves /via
Going to Kings Dominion or Busch Gardens is a must for this summer :)
....the Chicago cold and rain has come our way to day...
RT : I was blanking on Lee Morgan's name so I googled "trumpeter" and "heroin" - he was the first result! #cooker hahaha
Jamaica has the most churches per square mile than any other country in the world.
Seems I get Google News Badges for things that people at Google find interesting, and nothing else.
Thanks so much!! :)
Being a bassist gives me inside view of the music,I try to make it flow and move foward
Why the hell am i watching baseball?
SO EXCITED GOT A PHONE CALL FROM SOMEONE BIG IN THE GAME AND THEY WANNA LINK UP W THE QUEEN DIVA GOD IS SO GOOD!!BLESSN IN DECISE
Nice! Happy Early Birthday!
It was a long day yesterday. I call it Manic Mondays! But we made it :-)
iPad. KCRA's weather graphics look like an iPhone too.
shredding huh? wish I thought of that in my day...then again ya buddy would be pissed with the wild goose chases years later!
I love you soo much and can't wait to see you on the 20th
Naaaaa you know my situation
Is this panel going to be streamed anywhere? I can't make it to but am very interested
check out he's my nomination
Just tested Roy Seaman Storm piccolos. They sound great! Everyone is awake now! Able to hit high C instantly on every picc!
West Virginia...
My team won with one second left on the clock! Crazy!! 74-73! Like says ymca #whereamazinghappens lol
Hey after ur Believe contract is up, r u goin on tour?B epic if ya did.ooh come to Tucson pretty please with sugar on top.luv ya
I'm cold and tired and I wanna go home and sleep!
When you have to make a choice and don’t make it, that is in itself a choice. – William James
& once I can locate 50 Shades... Mhmm.
The two kinds of people who never get ahead are those who do only what they are told and those who will not do what they are told.
come back
My only concern with cutting the nets down for number 8 is the play of Marquis Teague.
. notes that modeling object representations in RDF raises questions like: where are the boundaries of resources
See what I mean?
I can't wait to see you!!
How can you have "Jets" in ur twitter name and ur avi is a picture of Tebow in a Broncos jersey.
Yeah isn't it
definitely or Phil Jackson
Make sure to stay through the END of CREDITS!!
That random moment when you always peal the edges off your bread
haha I was very shaky but it was an experience none the less :)
i smoke a lot of weed to keep dem bitchezz off my mind ^_^
Excited to use my bday gift card for !
Welcome BACK to the 305! Best of luck this weekend.
your tweets are always on point !<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
Seriously stop. It's getting annoying.
“I used to love being your friend, why did you have to change?”
I'm ready for an awesome round of the big football match! Go #mapleleafs! I hope there's a pop fly into the in-zone
Be Beautiful,Black,and Sexy
Happy Holidays from The Purple Sound Barrier!
GMail interface is now so ingrained in me that I was able to show a patron how to attach a file... in the Arabic version.
if you could only have one album to listen to right now which one would it be?
RT : yall feel free to send the cameras because based on this emailed im clearly being punk'd
If you free your mind, Yur azz will follow... Ponder that for a moment.
great to see you today! Thanks for getting me out running again. Will have to get together again soon.
I'd like to book an show for July or August. Who do I talk to?
Im not saying my boyfriend is thick ,but yesterday when we had a gas leak he put a bucket under it
Say what??? Did he do that??
Art is making something out of nothing and selling it. - Frank Zappa
Yup. This isn't the first time I've seen this kid make a big deal of his abilities only to spectacularly fail.
Free tasting of tomorrow night (Wed) from 6:30-8:00. Chef JJs will also be offering food pairings.
the staunch business man in me just wouldn't spring for the extra costs. boils it down to the good shit :)
i want one wit dimples like and a body like
hahahaha I was just kidding ! Cx
no prob dude.
Oh , , , why must you all have crappy, data-capped, limited internet / networks???
#2DAYS #GYHAB Music Video! Who's ready? <U+2764>
s/o tu go #follow em rite now..
happy GRIMY-MAS EVE TO EVERY1 HOPE YOU ENJOY THE GRIMY-DAY SPIRIT
Thank you very much for that #FF of the week :)
Ok, I grew up in the North, 27th and Cecil B. Moore Blvd (formerly Columbia Ave.) been in Dallas Texas area since 1980.
VGA is in good hands with Zachary Levi. Truly hope Mark Hamill wins the #besthumanmale category as Joker.
Glad to hear everyone got their rides in before the weather!!
Huge accident on 309 today
Got up in the game cuz I was tired of the bleachers
Honestly i cant wait to go to the air force
Just gave that workout the bizness,trying to out live you bums
ANYBODY WANT A SHOUT OUT FOR SHOUTOUT? ~ASHLEY
Catching up on my Thursday shows: , , ! TV that gets my brain a-percolatin'!
2107482776 do you need a ride or what?
so glad to see you on here, last time was in Kingsport Tn. Congrats on the success...just the beginning!!
Chester copper pot?
Had trouble loading the gold card (yeah, green tea addicted) & firefighter bought my drink. Thank you technical difficulties!
OMG I missed this. Let's plan a drinking night, which is an everyday night for you!!!! xoxoxo
What are your delivery charges for zip 98109 ? Is it same day delivery?
Add me as well, please.
I hate stepping on a plug shit hurts!!
Omg I think you are so hilarious! How do u just get to say something and it just comes out so funny?
please let me know if you ready gave them away I'm starting to make baby sitting arrangements haha
R.I.P. Heavy D.....The Legend!
FOLLOW ME ON TWITTER :)
Thanks for the RT!!!! #Taurus r the best! My birthday is on Saturday!!!!! <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0088>
Sanity Kills, so I live the Crazy LIfe
#NYJets should sign Jeremy Lin! He'd easily become the best passer on the team!
Let's go D. Rose got Damnit
I miss my kitty, Minnie.
Have a great day! :)
#69Factsaboutme 10. I have a The Devil Wears Prada bracelet.
Do you know about ? Might give you some ideas for when your #teenyscription needs become less teeny.
Hello world ...at this boring ass ceremony get up wit me
Everyone should follow because he's one of the wittiest guys I know!
Anywhere >>> Indiana
get outta here dummy.
you mean Joan of Arc(senal)!
Love it!
You will find that everything in life exacts a price, and you will have to decide whether the price is worth the prize
RT : Q3) Learning is a relationship. Its always been social. < Sing it!
I'm guessing that will be a unique tweet in the LC archive.
Excited for 's Barrister's Ball tonight!
We are the body of Christ and if one member is hurting we are all hurting! My heart goes out to the Ledezma family! Love you all<U+2665> RIP David
Thanks for the #BWParty26 shout out! Is it Aug. 25 yet?!
that was my first thought, but it'd be a lot less interesting from a visual perspective, a lot less going on.
Ignorant but sincere pro sports question: why can't teams be made up of best from the state? Wouldn't that make "home team" more meaningful?
corona stan is digit swapping' all night ya dig...
Things I never thought I'd say, "We play gentle with fennel"
IT'S NICE NOT TO BE A DOLT AMIRITE
Hope you enjoyed the Bill of Rights Institute Seminar today!
Crosses fingers for a and collaboration.
Don't worry, I am here too!
OMG....hahaha dude....don't get stabbed friend....
Hi. . I am going onstage in 5 minutes.
This is the worse. Only Home game I miss and they're losing and I can't even watch it on TV. This sucks.
I'm not okay! No I'm not okay! I'm not O-F***ING-KAY!!
If You Think Twitter Is Boring, It’s Because YOU Are Following Boring People
The weekend is here !
% of proceeds of their exhibits go to (different) charities. no idea why they don't broadcast THAT. Women's art collective, mke!
No podcasts today? I'm probably the millionth person to ask.
lol and stronger from freshman year
Whatevs! Laying down anyway!!! Goodnight tweepers!! <U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F><U+2728><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
My specialty “ Like don't text me then not text back..it's not a good look at all...one if the most annoying things you can do”
#Tiger Woods may never win another tournament, never mind a major...
Thanks for coming out to the training run today. What a beautiful morning for a run through Forest Park!
Lookin's free, touchin's gonna cost ya Blades of Glory
and agreed!
Man... Wth I knew u were a sheltered ass child, not knowin how to do simple fuckin tasks!!!
Congrats to Matt Flynn! Good luck, wherever you are starting next year! In your face Lions fans!
“What you can't imagine, you can't discover.” -- Albert Einstein
PSA: GET THIS CLEAR. MY DICK MY ASS MY TIMELINE MY FOLLOWERS IMMA SAY WHAT I PLEASE. MY NIGGA IF U DONT LIKE IT DEN HIT IT LOL
I don't enter those things. Never win. But if you'd like to send me a gift card, I assure you I'd put it to good use!
it'd be cool if my parents had given me a different name
Guys, I think Olivia's switched on the Konami cheat...
Still in this hospital... Bored AF
I feel like I'm packing to move out or something.
#first40songsonshuffle 38. Tears Don't Fall - Bullet For My Valentine :)
If someone is too good to be real, maybe they're not?
Now i can finally go 2 bed 3 songs finished Thank you God for giving me the talent, fight, and drive i need to succeed
you're very welcome as well!
#ReasonsIHateFacebook- there's always those people who constantly update that they "love their bf" or post whining/drama/nagging. -_-
Does the fact that Jeff Suppan tossed two scoreless last night mean the Brewers have to hang onto him now?
#ChocolateDay! Grab yourself a Double Chocolate Stout...you won't be let down.
I DID like Obama's plan to create jobs...oh wait, there wasn't one.
Ready for the weekend!
Dude thanks. It means a lot. We're having practice this weekend so we'll have another original up.
same names. How crazy? It's a sign that you have to follow me! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
so many comments so little time.
Thanks! We run the CompassFellowship to train the next gen of social innovators thru #socent ed. Check out !
Thanks for the RT! :D
We are looking for some fresh, talented writers/editors who want to get involved at The Book House! All experience levels are welcome.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY AVRIL LAVIGNE! I hope someone gave you a #levilowrey cd!
Beyonce and Jay-Z’s Baby Blue Ivy Carter Makes Billboard History -
Jealous that Justin got to see and Ms. Sharon Neal today and I didn't. Wah.
April is a little less cruel thanks to Love getting a poem a day in my inbox.
A good reminder...EVERYONE in your organization has a role in fundraising!
Waiting on a session to mix... Lalala
#IfIWasGagaForADay i would give madonna a poison apple.
I wonder how they decided what counts as "get news" vs. "read blogs". I get much of my news from reading blogs.
Past two days I had a newspaper at my doorstep in the morning. Not sure where it came from. Maybe it is Early Edition and I should read it.
ugh thank god 4 U2, without the sweet sounds of Paul, David,Adam,& Larry I still b n bed, beat by sadness. i'm not. Im singing U2!
can feel it in the air .
Why was she fine, but she had a small hand? Ouch
Next time, let's just skip the $1500 "lesson" and remember live players don't come to fold a flopped top pair
was your phone tree not sent out?! :/ wear your gray tshirt and jeans/jean shorts. be at the fields by 5:45pm!
she will succeed & di well! There will be some small flub that will be forgotten quickly than she will rise greatly in her position
I'm mourning the fact that the joy of the end of the week is now tarnished by a disturbingly catchy song...thank you Rebecca Black
#TEAMFOLLOWBACK Free thinkers are dangerous...
Thank you :) www.soundcloud.com/iamforyou is a link you can check out the jams!
Wow, stomach flu hit like a ton of bricks! Biggest goal for today is to eat a meal. It's a stretch.
#JaxSummit Working on the manual! Looking awesome--if I do say so myself!
Day 2 My presentation is this afternoon. We are discussing SharePoint and cloud computing.
That's it !! Spankings for all!! Front Spanks !!!
yeah, I think there was a lot of room for growth and projects. Are you getting paid?
Walkin back from broad st and going through a third world country. lol
": Oh shit its the cops everyone act white. !!!"
Good one Rich. You were prob the Dick head who hacked my acct. You fuckin geek.
Why you rippin' up plants, Anthony?
your brother always looks high in class.
My only resolution is having deeper intimacy with Jesus. All other goals/resolutions flow from there.
working out again today!!
now that is an interesting thesis statement!
Fairies of
Thank you to our new followers We appreciate the support as we enter the social media world.
I just ate an In-&-Out this lunch. I wonder why I feel sleepy everytime I had one of that that burger. z(*_*)
smh I know!!
RT : "Every small thing you do today will make the world a richer place or a more toxic one." - Vinita Wright
“: when the world outsides collapsing we feel like relaxing” how'd you know I was on my couch?
"Suzie, I just want to thank you!!! Your show changed my life!!! You had a similar caller to me and the advice was great!!"
#BREAKINGNEWS: A body has been found off HWY 503 and Main Street in Battle Ground, WA. Clark County major crimes on scene. More coming.
Women who (literally) take baby steps = huge turn-off. Women who walk confidently = huge turn-on.
Why does YouTube keep telling me I don't have the use rights for songs that I have written myself, recorded myself, and own 100%! WTF?!
That makes two of us
RT : A Noise Within's THE BUNGLER and THE ILLUSION are two of the best shows that I've seen in LA.
Kate come see me for the treatment! Your gonna love it!! Xo
Chris Brown on the #todayshow...really? Boycott domestic abusers.
Im bored A'F
Check us out!!!
Google is working on software to create a car that drives on its own for senior citizens....Asians should use that shit too lol
#iwishicoulddate someone who would cook me breakfast cause im hungry af hahah :p
Good thing I was vague ...
I thought so too. But the guy doesn't get off till later. So that might not be a go. Shit. There goes my great idea. Haha.
$6 pitchers and $2 Shot Specials at Bar None tonight! 1139 N Water
Loving the blue and gold illuminated buildings on campus
Big shout out to TonyJ for sharing the itunes "Command + t" visualizations short-cut. "Command + f" enables full screen.
: My dad taught me that doing the right thing isn't always the easy thing but in the end it's worth the extra effort.
Back to reading interview transcripts. But this time with a glass of wine.
What a special day for me! Happy Flag Day Everyone!
Only thing harder than unpacking is my penis.
Sessions, Y U NO pass to Kobe?
huge, huge step in them passing it though, and there is now potential for a longer term contract.
it ok.
lol I'm not even doing it, at the moment. I don't get why Mr. Barham expects us to do this.
Fill a bag with water and hang it outside the door! It works! RT : Open doors = buzzing flies in my house :-/
literally laughed out loud when I saw that email
My nigga I'm faded faded faded
Do you have a league schedule flyer available online?
Aww Thank You Filly!! :-)
I have a few friends that said they may go with me but nothing is final yet. You change your mind about your reunion or w/e?
Im diggin this weather thou !!! >>>>
Congrats on receiving the Intersections Award
Or you can put it all in perspective, stand back and see what you learned
no, i don't write him, he has to write me!
Feeling great!! Just did a 20min jog, 20min jump rope & 20min tone. Now gotta get ready for work. Have a nice day;)
that face is just so attractive
did u see her performance on the voice?
I accidentally read a bio of a Game Of Thrones character for the books and not TV and now I know they die. I want to kill myself.
Pictures from CMA Fest 2011 are up on our website! Go to www.chilichicks.com and click on the heart to find your Pic with the Chicks!
Your sound is very unique, I woulod never have heard it if you did not follow me! Thank you
I want some
I'm afraid you're right. Just sucks since we've been friends for so long. RT : "happened to me too. we are not friends anymore"
naw I stay up...I be tired the last hour or 2 but I juss pop another movie in lol
wow go away for 5mins and look at what happens!
: incredible day on the patio come enjoy chilled Lambrusco, caprese, and fresh pasta! #fresh pasta" ...Lambrusco secco? :)
Sent you some DM, check there, happy to answer questions
well if our places coincide one day lets hang out :P
i just love looking at pictures!
Bradford Morrow talks about THE DIVINER'S TALE on the next Avid Reader.
Holy shit. brought sprinkles cupcakes.
Thank you! And thanks for coming in today! RT: Another awesome idea for a hostess gift: !
Me and that test....not even friends
Have i told you i love you
Wagner's 4 c's: Care. Compassion. Curiosity. Courage.
But... it would still be sweeter with Tebow than Manning, who will go to HOF as a Colt, not a Bronco.
Beliebers And Directioners Are Flawless. Haters gonna hate :3
Dinosaur BBQ
Yes, yes I do.
Emphasis on when...
Thanks! : Friday the 13th #FF: Check out Aday Interactive for web design & inbound marketing
lol i like ur new name
A person doesn't know how much he has to be thankful for until he has to pay taxes on it. ~Author Unknown
Hey, I haven't even had a first helping! Arrgh. I've got something brewing tho.
George Zimmerman appears to be burning in the Bonfire of the Vanities
There is a potential for #billions of dollars of revenue and for millions of jobs in the #tech sector if we just look to exploit it!
Hey Megan, good to "e-meet" you!
I think it would be great to balance out the sweetness. I think I will take cherry back and get that. Lol
Turkey drive happening now at Oakland Tech. Come and get some free turkeys
Possibly playing a show on March 30th in Sac...
RT "Folks reading a list of grievances in front of City Hall.
this year i plan makr all a's and b's.
i think im leaning towards the peach, but i hope so! :)
you crack me up, good work!
Its going to be a great day - there is a humming bird right outside my window.
Hear Hear! -> : Without goals and goal values you are not doing web analytics, you are doing web iamwastingyourlifeandminelytics
they were fried but no breading.
Just finished and submitted my very first Unit Plan ever!
so you are a twitter junkie also haha
good stuff you do...been doing it for a long time myself with a few others...and orgs in the past 10 yrs or so...
not so much, it's silly! X
Oh wassup man! Follow ya boi. How's life?
already know it's gonna be a goodass week cuz tys home
Luis made me a delicious torta :)
ohh I am so jealous of your marathon Lost watching!
“: Dieng now 7-for-7 from the field. All the Notre Dame students can yell is, "Tuck in your shirt, Dieng!"” UNTUCKINGBELIEVABLE
got off work at 11:30 tanning ever since :))
Looking back on the highlights I really like Portland Timber's color commentator.
I love to hear that you are singing His word! Are we talking scripture-memory songs (ie word for word)?
I'm all out of ice cream this is how I feel I'm hot and I am ashamed crying eating the cone
Follow me! is a Sexy account related to Watch porn online!;)
Sounds super epic!
“: good luck. i know six was nd numbers. what was your birthday numbers” 2nd set of numbers, me,mom,bro,niece.gf
It was apparently foggy enough for them to unload entire mags into the side of a bus, thinking it was an ape.
Cant Wait Til This Month Is Over With ...
Visited my hometown...walked around the mall for a bit...then I thought "Thank God I moved to LA!"
“: Dinner: + Greenwood at Chase Bank - US31 & County Line Rd”
Sore throat? :(
I gave him your picture. Have fun!
Women and the Art of Negotiation stressing how to advocate for yourself
Congratulations! We are very proud of you!
Be Apart Of Our Movement!
Linkedin tip: when writing a recommendation make sure it reflects your personality; people will use your recommendations to learn about you
yes u cn get a follow back
its great seeing you in the Cup commercial.
this is why I want to go and live in the woods with many animals. But not really
Does anyone wanna gift me the fl studio app for iPhone? A musician is hitting hard times :/ who knew?
When the kids are out on their bikes, the sound of cars passing on the road becomes so threatening.
massage is a great way to relieve headaches. Two Suns Massage has great student prices! Call 503 449 5164.
I already feel embarrassed
Bummed hasn't shipped yet. In the meantime I scored free cheapo pedometer from work.
Fucking people these days.
yep until may 25 iam out that bxtch omg tasha it took me 2.5 sec to notice you left me:/
For the fans who have concerns about McCourt, the new owners have said...SEVERAL times, hes not involved & will not get any $ frm parking.
RT @ lucida_console You can't change a system by changing the components.~ a system can have perfect components & yet B flawed
The dog was so matted that they coulnt tell what the breed wasit took 2 and a half hours to shave it and the dog is a shitzu it has <3 worms
Does anyone know if Steve Morse (genealogical search engine guru) is on Twitter?
That's like eating uncooked chicken
And back at work. Was that 3am end to a Guns n Roses show a nightmare?
"Homosexual desire is a desire for the same from the perspective of a self already identified as different from itself."
wishing all the mom's out there a Happy Mother's Day!
you got me. I got the quote from Clayton. R U reading his new book? how is it?
Probably the LAST thing I needed...lol.
Well, I was gonna start my homework early today but this DVD leak changes everything.
I dont embrace this 9-5 ish I was made and worked hard for much more !!! But I'm waiting for wat God has in store ...
I'm talkin that GOA bro. lol but when you gone grab a mic again dude!? You got skill.
Standing ovation greets Cal Ripken Jr. at Fred Hutch Luncheon cc:
#Movember second week - I'm starting to look like a homeless programmer. Not enough nerds know about the No Shave November spectacle...
tacos and Torah in t-minus 7 min.
It's looking like XS might be going down either Saturday or Sunday night.
Do not argue with an idiot. He will drag you down to his level and beat you with experience
when aren't u flying :0
hoya anniversary weekend: like a class reunion, only way too soon.
Hey thx for bringing your date to our swap at Fluid lounge
#ussoccer New US jersey-Con: Watching a match will be like playing "Where's Waldo?"...except it's easy to spot 10 of them on an open field
Mondays suck.
O, what kind of camera did you get?
10am and hit all the big ticket rides. Now where is the beer tent?
well welcome!! Let us know what you order ! :)
she probably saw bailey
Follow us! all new iBand!
oh nice what section you in again?
you're allowed to tell me because I'm awesome and a close friend lol ;)
I swear I see the dumbest sh*t on my TL....ya'll got me dying over here
just like the hot caution on the McDonalds coffee cups
Comment on other pages,share their updates regularly.Be part of their conversation, they become part of yours, You BOTH Benefit,WIN!
i have you on facebook but i havent been on in monthss
Sheldon trying to rap in the car lol
Reading about Twitter on LifeHacker
ok twitter god
True! I knew it was "required" but I didn't know that anyone actually cared lol.
k. So ik I was stupid about drew. I'm not friends with them anymore. I have this thing called dignity. So my boobs aren't out
WISHING EVERYONE A SAFE AND WONDERFUL EASTER WEEKEND
yea i was kidnapped by life :D
Bitch I'm on my way to whoop your ass
#racist RT : 9 out of 10 dirty old men agree MT : approves of the new Victoria's Secret commercial (in case you..
Phins Up.....That's Another Miami 1st Down
don't think 53% is a mandate for change. It's a great start for 2016 though.
Complaining because there's nothing to eat in the house but candy. What has the world come to
We tron with no teacher.
thats not just u thats stupid
I knew I saved that roofing paper for a reason.
unacceptable. I've been at the peak of my hilarity. Stay up all night and catch up.
wish i was @ the cd release party 2night! bet it was a great time
no problem but my shuffle can't be fucked with lol
Quick on that remote! RT : Shit goal on the hawks
Good talkin 2 u the other day! I miss you! Sry we were a lil rushed, Im horrible at makin decisions & David was ready2go. lol
Thanks Megan! I'm so excited to meet you and work together!
the Joker (as played by Jack)
#ThisWeekend Im Finna Have My Girl Over :*
268genetation.com streaming live from Atlanta. Check it out! Chris Tomlin leading worship!!
this is late but night! lol
m gorbals is so grood. The broccoli is amazing.
Tomorrow I join nation's oldest free lecture series FORD HALL FORUM re: future of photojournalism 41 Temple St Boston 26 April 6:30pm
Shorty looks good but shes to busy pushing a stroller
HA soon its still coming together i gotta get a couch but i have a shoot trmw in santa monica when im done wanna hangs?:)
STARTING FRIDAY JAN 20TH AND EVERYDAY AFTER LIVE POETRY AND MUSIC LOUNGE 9275 RICHMOND AVE...MORE INFO COMING SOON
Sound like he won't be making any future trips to the reptile house at the zoo.
Plus I got Adventures of Tintin season 2 on dvd @ target...
: of what? An eagle?
^_^/ RT Does anybody have Mrs. Patterson rite now?!
And even when it's a super sweet dude I'm still not interested cause nobody is him ;__;
Who wanna make me a sammich? No tomato, hold the mayonnaise, extra cheese.
Lee Fields and the Expressions in Houston tonight, y'all. Can't miss. See ya at
Los Angeles is peacefully quiet tonight
I'll sum it up for you. Lame joke. Stupid cliffhangers. Some people are leaving. Some are coming back. Lame joke.
Hey, if you have the Big Bucks like many Republicans, you can just buy yourself a new sanctified marriage.
March Madness, playing with a two year old and working on theatre things. A great day!
Raymond 1969 STILL Q! shredded this song
Even if I'm sure I'm the only one home, I knock on the bathroom door first. Convinced the 1st time i don't knock, someone will be in there.
“ Live your life. Nobody is gonna live it for You” righhhh
Any change, even a change for the better, is always accompanied by drawbacks and discomforts. - Arnold Bennett
Gotta love the prime rib.
Yeah, it's Monday afterall.
Gutsiest win I've ever seen from Mavs. We won't be denied.
CACTUS LOVE. Because it's Wednesday. And you're -- well -- the BEST.
wait, didn't you use Prezi for your job talk? (that seems like a long time ago!)
StepUp3D Soundtrack drops TODAY! "Up" by ( ) #JMacUp <-- help us trend & RT?
BEACH AWSOME.. HOPE YOU HAVE FUN! #YEE YOU SHOULD write on THE SAND ND TAKE A PIC ND TWEET ETT TO ME.PLZZZ:)
That awkward moment when you don't care
I earned the Extrovert badge on Lose It!
Thats def how I look at it.
Using for the first time on actual production work and I'm so amazed at how pain free this is to implement!!!
I've tried too hard to make you mine. I've come to realize, I won't ever reach your standards. I've tried, I'm done.
Ops. I mistyped your name instead of sgillies. Sorry about that.
#haiti RT Navy hospital ship Comfort still anchored off PAP. Only 11 patients & no admits in 10 days. No post-quake vics allowed
has been worse lately. Add in the fact that I've been spending my days in a new place, I just feel out of place
hilarious!!! Old man!! My nephew says "El viejito feliz" happy old man aka KFC :-)
I have a tendency to wanna do things like begin a long game or something wen my bus is near my stop. Idk y.
I'd always thought dark glasses were a must for the blind. Fact is, I wished he had some.
I hate when ppl be writing me stupid shit on here I'm not interested in that shit
": Don't comment on how religion is bullshit when you check your horoscope every day." Horoscope isn't religion? Is it?
Currently listening to: Zaanse Shadow / Fred - Unchianed Melody
The awkward moment when you eat to call someone out on something but you don't want to be an asshole
Attending Westside Team training learning about updated Dashboard.
All I'm saying is it'd be totally cool if someone brought me jimmy johns.
And everything will get better if I stay here for a while. I'll find another way to be happier.
Thanks but it's k... I'll find someone else.
Treat others as you wish to be treated.
GO STEELERS!
lol oh please i stay on twitter.. P.S. i envy you and your 36 billion followers.. i see you though, i see you
Watching clueless : )
it's my new weight vest! Would you prefer to see my professional pics?
i think i need a drink already lol
omfg Mark you went to the show at the studio at Webster hall? you def saw PCFH...I put them on your mixed tape =)
Bengals just got better with that pick of Sanu.
Where there is no vision, the people perish
Just seeing your face gets on my nerves. You dont even have to say anything to get on my nerves. Thats how much I dislike you.
Seats for Brahm's Requiem are going fast! Buy season tickets today and get the best seats for the maestro's final season! Call 202.244.3669.
Thanks for the tweet man! You rock! We need more people on the site for it to work better! Tell your friends!
Stop bitching about Instagram. You'll still be able to project a manufactured image of your self worth one way or another.
PLEASE! please! Let there be someone out there somewhere making a gif of Colin Firth punching a blind kitten.
Marco Valenzuela is a computer graphics artist that has been with Poised Creation from the beginning! Thanks!
guess I wasn't thinking of primary math teachers, rather middle & secondary teachers specializing in math. ;-)
oh no...tell me you dont eat while ur there, ahahah i was doing so good this week too!
Learn from eCommerce Inbound Marketing Experts on how to get more qualified consumers to your site through blogging, including:
& thanks for joining me. Have a wonderful Monday!
You are welcome, same to you!
I think there's a high probability of me becoming a "weird" Christian dude in 20 years.
No worries :)
Great call tonight w/ my friend Richard- - check out his LIKE page on FB & follow him on twitter!
Partying with , , and
"Powered" by Intel Centrino.
bought some #drdrebeats headphones :D
waiit! are u that kid who stands/walks by faschek with a lightsaber? :O
Yup. I hate that a few complete idiots make all of us look bad.
You must be the change you wish to see in the world. ~Mahatma Ghandi
Idk what I'm doing tonight.
nope. I'm stoppin that so I can put some more real shit on my resume lol
Welcome to twitter with lots of follows!
tonight's festivities include a bottle of red & taking apart the bike's carbs. Not sure I should mix those
My daughter called me a genius. I said aw than you sweetheart. Then she called her sippy cup a genius. I cant win
RT .Will I see u guys at the Golf Tourny ?
Hey twin! hacky sack: kick a bean bag around in a circle. I'm non-pro :)
.i stayed stuck on that game :o
Bingo players tonight ! Tonights gonna be off the hook!
Dr. Lewis says he's trying to take Florida Memorial University from good to great
Jared Allen please break #jaycutler 's neck!!!!!!
Many thanks to for moderating! Anyone have a topic/want to mod for 5/22?
yeah at da lobsta and tonight ;)
It will happen. Trust me :)
I've never seen bitches dumber than these
boots saving me today with all the ice/slush/rain. Why didn't I get a pair earlier?
Not very manly.
Is it just me or does my Folgers coffee taste the way cat piss smells?
3.5 mi run along L.Michigan in 50+ degs in March - Heaven! Getting a 45 y/o body in shape post a lazy winter- Purgatory! (yo Catholics!)
You're most welcome
so when is everyone going back home
Did I just see Stephen Colbert use virtual reality through a Nintendo Power Glove?
surfing isn't a sport, it's a religion, another topic that is banned from standardized exams in NYC
Hi, Kat - just sent you an email. Short version is that I messed up, and I want to apologize.
I'm so tired of hearing about One Direction.
eh i think there's still something else on top
srsly: I love flea markets.
I really don't have time for sleep.
www.rayyounkins.net is coming soon!
": This morning.. Give what u want to Receive.. If u need money .. Help someone else make money."
I object!!! Poo Poo O'Hara is NOT from Chicago, she's from TX!!! Get it right, nobody from Chicago is that fake!!!
I am not presenting, just sat in on (Great stuff!) I hope we can connect here at #IBS2012!
follow me ill follow back:)!
Ugh report cards are being distributed today, right before vacation. What's the logic in that?
Yup I am I no good piece of shit that only cares about myself, and I can't do anything right, thanks for reminding me.
Ross: paradox of hardware modders - personal ownership of corporate products
That mini heart attack you get when you think you lost your bus pass <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Even for someone who cleans his apt regularly, once you move all your stuff out you find out how not clean your place actually was.
looks like we're back!
I love their veggie burger (fries are to die for too). It's alot of food, but re-heats well for leftovers :)
welcome to Evanston! Lemme know if you're free for lunch while you're here.
i'm just so tired. school is winding up and work is dragging me down. meh.
RT :"Online technology challenges citizens to build better societies, not just revolt against bad ones"
alcohol and fast food. Y tu?
You, my friend, are a machine. You're doing God's work. RT : And now my 2013 Mock Draft has been started.
- What's up J! We hitting the links soon?
Maybe its time to start paul
They're not nude mud wrestling or anything...just in case you thought there were secret women's mud wrestling communities.
The batter batter blast from sonic is the shit!
Did you know that we're OPEN 7 DAYS a week?! Call/tweet us or just COME IN! 1738 Telegraph Ave #Uptown #Oakland 510-832-1100
yea its a shame... half the NBA is like that, & thats probably generous
TEBOW BETTER GET DOWN ON ONE KNEE OR NEXT WEEK HE'LL BE ON BOTH MAKIN SOME EXTRA CASH
#librarianfitnessplan is on rain delay :(
People who feel loved live longer; have fewer colds, lower blood pressure and lower cancer rates; and have fewer heart attacks.
Mr. Steve said u needa bring Ur lazy eyed Ass down here Lol
Ellen Brady buying push polls
Still vexed about not being able to read WaPo online anymore. Resisting going back to subscriptions. :-(
2 recorders is the way to go! also, sorry, that sucks.
Cinnamon rolls
oh, were going on a date for sure. Ill even go back there and make it.
Obsessed with the new ep from
Haha… I Anti Hiding Ur The One Gay Guy lol I'm All Over The Skool
Might just go to bed. Last friday of the summer
I hate when I want something and I can't have it. It's not a feeling I'm used to.
Hey DMac, my sons play football for Kennedy. Thanks for your generosity running the Colfax for DPS sports!
how can you NOT suspend world peace? Nigga gave harden a concussion, harden will miss games so its only fair
man I applied 6 places in early April and 5 places since. Not a single call back.
Just heard my husband come in the door singing Ive got Moves like Jagger...#Really??Okay
RT : Is autism on the rise, or are we better at screening? Watch today live at 5:00 for take.
I hope someone saw that picture! It was a once in a lifetime opportunity!!!
I can only imagine! You need hazard pay!
in that case I've driven 3 worlds the past 2 days from b-more to sunny florida!
that's much better, thanks!
. When Paul Aiken of AG spoke at Columbia a few weeks ago, his big concern was a security breach of GBS/libraries destroying market
The NYU Housing web portal is back up. Sorry for any inconvenience caused by yesterday's outage.
uh, that's not showing me up in class - trust me - students have no impact on my ego ever :-) lots of little tech I don't know
I'm so 3C and stay Triple C till da death of me...... 4 all those that don't know 3rd Coast.... .Cool Calm Collected
Nobody wants to hear this, but sometimes the person you want most, is the person you're best without.
I know the feeling,it must be optimism of the new year. It just feels good.
They're basically trying to turn into a Huff Post clone. Sucks.
Really can't think of a better walk-on song than Werth's last year:Slash's guitar solo in November Rain. Badass.
Who's the stinkiest Russian? Vladimir Pootin'
Must finish epic regression, but mind is not happy. I need cake, stat!
EA’s made a bit of a surprise release today; Battlefield 3: Aftershock is now available for iPad and iPhone via the App Store
St patty's 2012. Chi town
same here
#subwayfitchat depends! They both have their own benefits.
I thought this was already decided. (;
In honor of Drake's arrival to #Albuquerque, I'll be saying #YOLO after all my posts. #YOLO!!
Do you use YouTube as a form of informing yourself on different subjects for work?
What a crazy time in life! Everything seems to be a reminder that an era is truly and suddenly ending. Bittersweet.
My school lunch making skills were soundly criticized by the offspring today :/
Are you pulling for Speaker Fitzgerald?
Feeling the excitement at the NY offices today! #PNID Good luck team PN!
#takemeout my house is boring as fuck.
five course meal at louie and johnny's..it's a good day <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Almost hit by a car while walking across peachtree in the crosswalk
Just talking football man.
thanks for the retweet!
#Simpletons . . . . im just tryna chill the fuck out
sad. :( He did really well in reserves, I thought!
i was at the best one ever!!!!
I miss him..
I shouldnt have sent that mssg. I knew it would wake you up.. I asked you to turn your phone on silent but you didnt want to..
i love it. it's amazing. (:
Part 1 of 4. Officer Paul Albrecht Violates Kimberguy's Civil Rights on Motorcycle
There were significant increases in the collateral preferences of prospects including white papers 24% from 2010-2011 & case studies 29%.
Tour in a day and a half. Come Friday to our first show in balti!
of coarse hun :-)
holy crap. WHATSUP.
Woot-woot, it's the weekend, friends! Mosey on over! Beer, wine, pizza, music, fellowship, fun and, um, more pizza!
A man should never neglect his family for business. --Walt Disney
I've been good too bro. You still play basketball?
stop hating in twilight Sarah:P
Sherry Lake, Senior Scientific Data Consultant UVa.
When you're in a good relationship, even if nothing else in your life is right, you feel like your whole world is complete.
I'm at Parkside having free food and drinks, but I return to my post soon. ;)
Tummy full... Nap time while watching UFO Files
#songsthatmakemewannadie jar of hearts <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
finally. wells fargo and wachovia are one big, happy family.
your right ...i actually like men
Once again
not just sad but sick too!
Smile! It's Thursday.
Was doing great at secretly staring at the hottie next to me at milk table at Starbucks but messed it up when I poured sugar into my phone.
You ever try to pee standing up with morning wood? Yeah, that's what happens every day in a strip club bathroom.
Drugs are a bet with your mind. - Jim Morrison
: I know this is so late but happy birthday! Your amazing ;)
She's real serious .
"How recently has anyone told you that you are delightful?" a friend asked me. I need more of this friend in my life.:)
appreciate the love boo!
Go Spurs Go!
Relaxing day cooking and baking with my girlfriend and her daughter.
can you retweet my fire posts? Thanks!
lol where do you work at? :)
paleo diet starts tomorrow
Which came first, the music or the misery?
the four page paper standing between me and graduation seems like the hardest thing in the world right now.
happy birthday
I want to start a company called EIEIO so that one day I can have an EIEIO IPO. Probably would take place on a farm.
I've realized April will never have a dad ... :/
always great to eat at your lovely resto!!! the fried shrimp dumplings were delish!!!
Go on. Buzz me up
did u see jamel for luke rindor trade rumors!! Did I tell u months ago we go get that guy? Lol
your obsession <U+2665><U+2665>
RT "Scitum est inter caecos luscum regnare posse. It is well known, that among the blind the one-eyed man is king."
Let me tell you the secret that has led me to my goal: my strength lies solely in my tenacity.
What happened?! I didn't see you at the reception!
There's a new STD out there , its called "feelings" .. don't catch that !
Somebody please tell Buss Jr. that Lamar should stay. Let go of Pau first.
Google sold sketchup!
nothing singular, but Fred Brooks and Richard Gabriel are great process thinkers. CMU does a lot of research in that area.
Flying a Kite
you wouldn't be you if you weren't quirky!
I hate the EZ payment place!!!!
so true.....Stockton has seen his best days
That's awesome
Found out I have to read a book for school. SMH
ha! probably. there were not that many there when i went, and it is closing soon.
no how could you?!
The Wiggles are going to be in Sacramento!!!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084> My childhood tv show! Oh yeah, I'm so going! :D
I want a tattoo in Korean writing half way down my spine
Today is the last day to enter for your chance to win Smashbox makeup. RT this for your chance to win!
I am indeed
I did. The trilogy was wonderful.
um where can I sign up for this "KARE" you speak of? I need it.
#Badgers needed a timeout sooner and Gasser needs to pull the trigger
just go to play.clubpenguin.com xD
Hi Garry, thanks for following. Nice dog blog! We would love to hear some of your stories.
Happy Birthday guys!
Monkey Bar's New Twitter Account!
Thanks for the follow from a fan!
i hate being sick maybe ill go outside and hope it helps...
Optimism rules for 2012
OOHH MANN THAT WOULD BE AMAZING.
funny how people I know in real life didn't download my tape but perfectly good strangers have.
I need another handle. Wonder if is taken?
I will Love You for You... Not for who you will become!
seriously you are the digi fundraising ninja and i only have about 400 more questions. you're gonna be sorry you met me.
The nations leading scientists predict that 90% of all shower curtains are uggo
Good luck Lady Rattlers! State 3-peat!
Saw one of my old mentors, Gordon, from my days at Universal Music Group today at OHOP. That made this entire trip worth it.
I'm pretty much depressed:(
Can't wait till Austin lives in Miami (:
just showed my friend #AngelsAndGentlemen she loves it!
Not only did I NOT flush it, I left the seat up. RT : did you flush it?
Hooray! My pal Eleanor's novel, "Ten Thousand Saints" is out and racking up great reviews everywhere. Go buy it now. And follow:
Left my phone in a cab this morning. Sent a message via Find My... app. Picked up phone from stranger. (Thanks, Natalie!)
before close & the bumper is completely detached & in pieces, the impact bar is destroyed & the frame is jacked up. Not that bad, my ass.
likewise :) We're still making jokes about going out for 'tortilla soup' after work. Or maybe at loex2013? Keep in touch...
I'm hearing the threat targeted the HRC bldg. Scary.
Dumb tits
Help spread the Rubin-Frankel Gallery love will ya?
Which is why the bite and the sting understand each other.
it seemed sincere to me anyways. imo
Good #HelloMornings Naomi! Glad U Joined us! &doing #Focused15 LoveYa! :) *Hey #hmcct Girls~Meet our New Sister! :D
totally digging your blog, love the visuals
Of course!!! We only know forms of payment in cheesecake.
I call mine Helga. Not in a nice way. (no offense to the Helgas of the world haha)
If it wasn't so far and if I could afford to drive their twice a day I would, but one trip/day is all I'm alotted
Long time friends Joe Bluhm > Moonbot Studios won an oscar for Best Short Animated Film........dude has always been out of control talented
thanks. It's been a great win for us and video crowdsourcing as a whole.
Like I said ...
Great advice...watch email bounces and use as prompt to network with the contact
I'm off bih
Thank you :)
so fresh that u were watching the fight! It was a good one! Ur a grt sports fan!
When you hire people that are smarter than you are, you prove that you are smarter than they are.
I'd like to see that.
Every day I see this guy and every day I think he looks more and more like Albert Einstien
Just finish watching it, damn good movie, I need them 2 rescue me if i was ever a POW !!!RT : Act of Valor
gonna be a fun one! Can't wait for to see if will take home another win...
longer than it will for people to stop supporting Bill Maher, who has said much worse things
Damn my girl look good with a bowl full of chili
well, that's a bummer. I could ask a hundred more questions, but I'll wait til I see you next. Heal fast and heal well.
Congratulations Jo! Great news!
Try Sleeping With A Broken Heart
I hates me some onions, but they do make soup better.
Try a pineapple Dole Whip! :)
Sry u busted 2day. I consider u a very dear friend of mine and apologize if my jokes went to far. Honestly, I think u play great.
Haha they can't find the puck!! Ok thats all I will say. Unless u request more updates.
Goodmorning :) how r u feeling today?
Thanks to Megan Zimmerman and for providing gr8t insights & info re mobile today during the AMA-Milw tweetchat!
please please follow me! i love you so so so much!:D<U+2665> i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 5
Oh dear, I think this is what they mean by being 'in the weeds'! So much to do! On the plus side, I don't have to brave Friday pm traffic!
Hey, you better follow me sucka!!
Internet Marketing Success Tip: Concentrate on giving people high quality value in your niche, more value you give the more you will get.
Bamboo is the largest grass in the world, in solid conditions can grow 3 feet in a day
because dental care is so expensive and the next segment was about towns in the south with no water or electricity.It was very sad.
got it... i like the retro feel of it. but to each his own!
Rates just jumped a bit. Call me for a free quote 512-852-8883 or apply online at www.amcaphomeloan.com
Teens, join us Saturday for a cupcake demo! It's bound to be very tasty! 7:30 p.m. at 311 S. Madison. FREE!
Spring cleaning is great way to purge negative energy from the past.
we needa start pushing the party!
i do xD
“: I love the green machine” no doubt!
Man I'm Tryna watch that may weather fight
Who is watching the #GRAMMYs right now?
Why am I awake...smh
Don't say it unless you mean it. And if you mean it, be ready to prove it ' <U+2665>
When something good happens, I always take a sec to thank
And the bus bully strikes again.
Attending session: "Content as a Means for Social Change" with Biz Stone of Twitter fame
wats up.i heard the wedding this week....
teen panelists are saying Twitter is "next thing" for teens moving away from Facebook
Just watched Nashville by made me want to cry. I miss Nashville so much!
I support Dannon's Cups of Hope Program. Go to cupsofhope.com to donate at least $.10 to National Breast Cancer Foundation. via
I will always love Huggy Bear. What are the members up to now?
you're back in D.C.! Vacation?
And ONLY those two figures after, I mean. Got one for .60 not long ago.
Morning lovelies!
Well, thanks. Maybe it wasn't a complete waste of time.
Young son: "Daddy, don't eat the brown or yellow snow."
A better message on another guy's shirt: "Don't just be social, be relevant"
If it's a fight they want, it's a fight they'll get...
Manningham - Manning = ham
NBCnightly news does a feature on #pinterest it's time to move on to the next thing
Thank you for the RT!!! I appreciate it!!
I've seen the argument on other sites and I believe ours wins by a few months.
Vanessa Hudgens' Leggy Shopping Spree (PHOTOS) - Celebuzz
I live even closer to you now...so just let me know when you find it and I'm on my way to get it..
I hope you didn't get caught by the RA. :)
followed u.
Don't miss seeing this weekend! BERNIE had a great opening so keep it going.Support great indie filmmaking!
it appears the military is still far away from everyone being equal.
Thx again to all attending today's Creating Powerful Radio Wkshp including & team
Rihanna Could Head to the Studio With Barbra Streisand for Duets Album
I'd think there'd be a decent amount of French spoken in your neck of the woods!
Full weekend of diving. Deco procedures this weekend. Stoked for #scuba w/
No, YOU better check our maps within our picture folder!!!!! *smile*
Drinking my Advocare Spark. Better than coffee for mental focus, energy, nutrition. No crash and burn. www.advocare.com/11015117
Thank you! , , & to everyone who has extended their congratulations on our 2,500 followers!
aww that's cute lol finally a middle name without marie .-.
is "not concerned with the very poor." He says it's those of us with a home and regular access to food that "are struggling."
I dont know much about NCAA hoops, but if Im in a bar fight Ill take Gates over Sullinger and thus the 7.5.
how you been?
“: BFD 2012 fun fact: it's on a Saturday this year! #bfd2012 ” yay
Obviously Bothered getting me through my drive...AH YEAH
It's a difficult place to be w/ "normal" college students, ppl in relationships and no one.
I think today is going to be a good day.
I really don't know the last time I saw her in anything. Wasn't she in 'Mr Goodbar'?
Ima start using joint paper instead of cigarillos
Oh, and any ideas on terrible albums of 2010? There were a ton of them!
357: Today I had a visit with my lifelong friend Marcy, and I'm so grateful to have seen her while she's in town!
Thank you for your very gracious comments, Bobbin!
Probably will get them :)
#YouKnowYoureDrunkWhen you insult TVD...jk you're just crazy.
I like random spontaneous weirdo girls
i like how you wont let me watch the baseball game -__- cause you know, its totally not my favorite sport
Love Holly, you look amazing tonight, and you have grown so much throughout the season!
Just voted for excited about 4 more years. Agenda item 1--take back our schools
I'm not in Madison where will u be?
The whole fam-damnily is at my house chillin. Keep thinking I have not had enough to drink.
Radio Tokyo tonight!
I Live my life as an artist. end of the day,i will be known 4 music,my story telling,& good looks:)hope u live as u believe as well!
You say goodbye, I say hello
thanks...it is a great day!
A pound cake? Wow, impressive! I don't even think I can do that? :)
Always keep ya head up!!
www.SuperImpactfitness .com check it out
Missing my curly curls :-/
The sun is out! Time to start running the screen print presses full throttle again!
4th page and I am on my conclusion #Sleep <3333
Just saw a kid wearing an #AngryBirds shirt and shorts
30 more mins until Silent Auction A closes. Make sure you get your face item!
Strange.. Liquid.. Spheres.. Falling.. From.. Sky..
perfect moment would be when you follow me ! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081> Please follow me back <U+2764>
oh and just because you have been on the radio for a long time doesn't mean your worth a shit
Im good at expressing myself verbally...
#vaforum12 Great way to wrap up a conference--session on Virginia wines. Carole Nash is telling us abt Belmont, once-famous 19th c vineyard.
indeed I. Do!
Join us for the #WGBiz chat with This month's topic "The Myth of the Personal Brand"
lol boi plzzz im atthe top of the list ....u waitin on me im not waitin for u
We even have a network in El Paso, Texas! Check it out
Thanks, so glad you noticed! So worth it for the looks I got. RT : I like how she's posed on an airport chair.
guest DJ's filling in for Laura Steele today Jody Shelley and Jamie Baker of the Sharks!
Seeing The 25th annual Putnam County spelling bee tonight :)
Preparing for my afternoon interview with John Cusack at #C2E2 . Followers, got any question suggestions?
I like saying hi to people!!!
State of Union!! My first in the USA
Ahee. I'm Savannah(: I have no clue howto work this shit. So a little help would be cool:)
What a night! I'm so hype on life right now. Wish I could be at #IMS though. That'd be the icing on the cake.
everyone home safely? I am! Reply yes to let me know when you are home. Fun drive to Seattle!
mirror image of game 2. Poor execution and rebounding cost us.
ALMOS had my voice back for a second there... --maybe next week--
have read 4 different dissertations today that did the Methods Chapter 4 different ways - does that mean I can do whatever I want?
Oh gorgeous (although it would give you turf burns on the inside of your arm)
#ConfessionTime When I was little I used to think yogurt made me smarter :s
Just got scratched up by this ol crazy azz gurl
Its weird getting excited about a game I have no chance at winning. Now I know how #Cubs fans feel.
“: If they don't play Call Me Maybe tomorrow I'll murder someone” Da fuck you think Prom is at? Club pegasus?
RT : RT : #Rays Will Rhymes has passed out on the field after being by a pitch in the arm.
::: dying ::: (ha!) RT : hey babe. What pattern did you cut the lawn with tonight?
you still tryna stay tomorrow ?
: lol u already know! Ha
Lets go sporting
I can't stand ms.blewetts voice -.-
"Practice makes perfect, but I believe practice makes progress. There's no perfection but there is definitely progress"
Thanks for following my twitter Sulema. Smile because it happened, nice, that's a positive spin.
“I met the surgeon general - he offered me a cigarette.”~Rodney Dangerfield
what did you think of Obama's support of #SSM?
After spending 3x longer in the airport then in the air, I am in NY. Please get me back to DC on time on Sunday.
Not bad, Danny - Anyone else in the clubhouse thinking about what their choices will be?
There is no you, there is only me.
Main problem with GIS, Peter Bol reminds us, is that time is not included as an attribute of space.
Never apologize for showing ur true feelings
225 green view belleville WI just listed. Look it up. Now off to Show a country home today. Then writing an offer on a Madison lake home.
for some reason this tweet just came to us :( hope you didn't eat bad snacks! what'd you end up having?
bout to tell this nigga to fuck of..
Awww the window washer just called me "beautiful"... Awww shucks!!! (blush)
I think I want to join a band. Anyone need the services of a 15-year rhythm guitarist can do solo breaks when the band needs to take a leak?
No problem! :)Doing anything excitimg this weekend?
Are there any bands out there who want to donate CDs/merch for Love4Haiti benefit on Saturday?
yeah especially when the coach doesn't even care about his team anymore.....
I still love little TJ saying hello at the bottom.
“: And it's official, Davonte Neal is off to... Notre Dame!” that really is a bust. Who knows the whole story but sounds bad.
hungry & sober.
While Yall Hoes Fucking For Me And My Bitch Trying To Get Rich......... In My Trina Voice
Hey Chicago! We want hear your favorite genre of music?
Matt Kemp is on pace for 97 home runs.
Addicted to draw something. Thanks
"SaaS is a more effective way to deliver value to our customers." - Tom Ebling,CEO, Demandware
Have I told you the joke about the moldy cheese? I probably shouldn't. I could spoil the ending.
when is ur birthday???
Have questions? We have answers! We've added real-time live chat to our website. We're online during our normal business hours.
fine, may your elected mode of transportation safely get you to your desired location.
How you doing
and @ are our AmAzInG sponsors!!
my parents are coming from Turkey on Wed and we will have a 4th for #canasta :)
then you're an artist. one lady said 'when I put on a dress, it's art. when I walk, it's art'. what you need headshot for?
what an awesome varient :P I bet its value is a ton!!
Just sorting through emails and photos from single, avaliable men. I have a rough job, but I do it all for
The first step in getting people to own their stuff starts with a good, long look in my own mirror.
hey this is dark secret and we were wondering if yuh can help us with sum betz for this summer? Contact us kalabrown35
at the drinking with dave reese come have one with us Horny Goat Hideaway 2011 s 1 street
“: no. It was my father and he was scholarly. Always making me think.”. I like it. I had one of those fathers too. :)
Thx to for the DVD. And thx to for having a kick ass podcast I enjoy listening to the show
That ride home was way too entertaining
I can text whoever I want.
Program-based embedding: the importance of physical location, as well as curriculum. Can't agree more on location pt.
I need to start going to church routinely again.
I wish Comcast still carried universal sports!!
Thanks for the kazoo! Daughter might become professional!
thank god the brewer game is on. cant stand the knicks and the heat series.
Bet they're AB testing Obama email subject lines right now. "Give $3 and Biden might jump out of your wedding cake!"
Strength is not only surviving, but admitting your mistakes, realizing your weaknesses, acknowledging your accomplishments and taking action
woohoo!! 2nd grade science reports pay off yet again!
Awesome meeting you all tonight!!!
Have a good day, Stu! :)
You're welcome!
The po po is really messin with us. March is split!!! I'm getting angry
Could it be 9 already?!? Getting impatient!
#itshardwhen you are tryna revise , and the darts final is on... come on
Thank you for the mention! #ComeBlendWithUs!
Oh no! That guy is creepy.
Minn. Senate eyes user fees for Vikings stadium (The Associated Press)
Oops. I didn't notice that that was a retweet. Egg on my face, sir!
Welcome Back!
Great lunch today at the The Meatball sub was awesome!
Don't sweat the technique.
so far, the majority says "yes" interesting.
First session of Day 2: The Future of CSS w/ Eric Meyer (), author of CSS: The Definitive Guide
Thank you to for having me on tonight. Had a great conversation about the #WarOnWomen in #WI and beyond.
i would have.... so dont say no one... :D have a good day
Thanks. See you next month for the #SPOKES event?
I Never Lost My Touch With Spalding<f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080>
I'm gonna go ahead and call this: Sweden, Finland, Russia.
#stopsayingthat once u hit the #megamillions u gonna tell everybody 2 kiss yo ass lol Look after taxes and yo debts we see how much you have
DC with FLEX. fun!
Lol, the troll!
Staying focused on wholeness and client advocacy is my main goal for today.
"Who Run The World!" ~Beyonce ROCK ON!
Twitter is addicting.
cool! Very welcome. Love your site! Welcome home. Appreciate ya.
That dancing guy they just showed is going to be in my nightmares tonight. I know it.
Hey Interior Designers, where do you manage your portfolio?
trending all day baby!
Good luck on it!
I want one!!! How can I get one??
breathing is mainstream umm.. Fine i'll go with the first one :)
and the took my secret stalk method away too. I can't read others timelines now
Thanks :) not really trying to make it big, just focusing more on living off non-exclusive licensin. It's more realistic
Any #SC #PR pros w/ tips? RT : on the prowl for job in branding, #SM, and/or strategic marcomm in Charleston. any leads?
i had a feeling abel was gonna favorite that
Got the results of my Myers-Briggs Type Indicator. I'm a ESTP which means Extraversion,Sensing, Thinking, Perceiving. Interesting......
Asset based lending for healthcare www.doralhealthcarefinance.com Lending against Medicare, Medicaid, Commercial and Institutional A/R
Check out our online merch store and our iTunes page! We appreciate any support you can give us!
Good defense, better offense
I CANT WAIT FOR BELIEVE! I have to wait extra because its coming out when im not able to get it, BUT IM
RT : To avoid trouble, breath through your nose; it keeps your mouth shut.
I saw James Dean work magic in East of Eden last night.
I still think she's a bitch
that guy from Copa Di Vino just come back to get more exposure for himself or what? Didn't seem interested in money from the tank
you the one beefin on twitter I just wanna fight
Sometimes, a workout is so tough, I think I'd rather be fat.
Nervous I won't be ready today... Being sick all weekend sucked. Time to shower.
Lawn is a mess. I give up. Need a Milwaukee area Co. that can get rid of my dandelions.
What's happening in your world ? Weeks are whizzing by over here. Coming my way anytime soon?
#ff - you should know this guy, trust me.
Bryzgalov is another failure in a long list of failed goalies for the
Get the work done, and have a great time doing it. Experience, again and again, the priceless satisfaction of a job well done.
My dad n me are watchin softball man I miss the good ol days. Some of the best memories I have are from playin softball. 2nd base bitch <U+E00D>
hey <3 <3 how are you?
Recommend The Last Place on Earth by Huntford (BBC movie, too) to really understand 20 mi. march concept
It would make a huge difference. We would become a more literate society. It'd be great!
I be
And we're back. Z-105. CTA says service on the Blue Line has resumed with residual delays.
Dangerously intense lightning storm. Rapid build-up.
Does anyone know what happened to
listening to grown-up music, working on grown-up things...
Had a blast tonight for our meeting! Excellent customer service! Thank you!
Thanks for following! Look forward to checking our your tweets!
Yikes! Quickly grab a Boulevard and you might undo the damage.
Society of Hosteurs Covenant House Toy Drive www.nyit.edu/index.php/management/announcements/society_of_hosteurs_covenant_house_toy_drive/
At rehearsal for William Ingh's Picnic
We were blown away by the combined power of the chorus and symphony at rehearsal last night. Looking fwd to ending this season w/ a bang!
1st class volume down by 25% since 2006 MT ...basic first class model is perfectly serviceable..
anybody else have an amazing day like I did?!?(:
get this, a history professor told me that liberals use the word bigot to end conversations with those that disagree about gay marriage.
#UKWB sells out against Alabama, winless in the SEC, while LSU men's basketball can not sell out against #1 Kentucky. pretty remarkable
_|_~~! SATURDAY AT CLUB MATRIX.. SEXY..SEXY.. GOGO DANCERS....SEE THE PICTURES --> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
at the barn- grooming my horse- getting gritty and dirty. what do you love to get gritty and dirty for?
lmao I got the same numbers 4 TD's and 2 picks...T-RAW island
yo my bro k lo k loko
Uhmmmm... agreed! *drooling* Wish I'd had a piece of this (or the whole thing) yesterday ;)
Girlfriend! You MUST warn people not to have a beverage in their mouths when they read this. Or be prepared to wipe screens.
It was poppin in OTR tonight! Beads were flying out to the full house at Motr! Happy Mardi Gras!
Woman sexually assaulted on a local college campus. Police release surveillance pic of attacker. Story at 5:30 on
...um what to wear for #SixFlags ???
I need to go dress and sandal shopping
Got an email from Northwest Archivists about a conference. Opened it because the subject was "NWA 2012." Not the NWA I was hoping for.
get yourself some frozen bags of peas!!!
lol, to each his or her own; hope you have a great day ahead of yourself despite it beginning outside of your comfort zone...
get over yourself not everything is about you
qirl depends if we rollin wit some chromes spinners or a donut
haha ya so what's up?
"Who matters most to you says the most about you." (SM) Mass Mutual
Backhanded compliments are the bane of polite society.
All y'all are beautiful.
you gotta be real eassy bubby
A cloudy mind makes you feel it will rain forever
Haircut bound!
OH "My mouse is in the closet!" Think he might have a new Magic Trackpad? Or is it something more Jedi?
Get to be on the floor today!!!
I had 2 choke slam last nite
Thanks for the retweet. What area of FL do you live in. I'm in Orlando.
saw kick ass on stage at your Halloween party! & sexxxi as f#*$ is in Ep 2
I need espresso in solid form. That's how potent it needs to be.
Congrats to Virginia Elite 13U Snell - David Walls for being named tournament MVP
You bet! I can still smell the soaps, soo good!
(c) all because the presale code was all over twitter..it really isn't too hard to go to the website and look. (C)
Exciting announcement: I'm partnering with to bring you the Seattle Asian Am Film Fest (formerly NWAAFF) in 2013. Details coming!
told u it was going to rain
one more thing before i get off line never back down if you be leave you can do it you can if you never give up you can that's how i made it
how your day ?
would love to see #Bruins offer him that type of deal.He's well worth it IMO. But w/ their cap model won't allow it
Wow...weird! Why are so many so stressed? Perhaps the stupid weather? Deadlines? Something is not quite aligned...
(2/2) Let's not lose our heads here. Last thing we want to do is insult tornadoes.
(Insert generic April Fools Day status about the band breaking up)
Zingy succotash and spice-crusted pork a lively dinner duo
diggin your pic... Very pretty and cute<U+E418>
and the #coolcreekconcertseries at :)
That's cool. I hate everyone. Hahaha
Dear Mom, because of you I'm who I am today. You carried me for 9 months and raised me. You're a strong woman. #HappyMothersDay I love you
? More like
Jus saw a limo at the Waffle House. Haha
Q: how many free beers have I had? A: yes.
was gud ms.Kay
i cant believe its the last episode of #desperatehousewives ever :(
Making a cameo tonight in DC, make sure you catch me there tmrw for my full set -- Every Saturday Night!
Many thanks, Jenny. And thanks for your early support of the book!
Found my old #thehushsound cd in my car, best car ride ever.
Yes the unisex is a little hard. AA is pretty consistent. Run a bit smaller.
What's everyone's thoughts on the #Badgers game? We'll RT your responses for all of our followers to see!
Lion king & tai food. Happy cinco de mayo?
Um, that's not my mom's name, Tara.
ok...watching #TheKilling.....is Holder dead or alive...
When your ex says "You'll never find someone like me" Reply with "Thats the point" <U+2665>
what's up with the buxter comment from last night
Ill text you. A lovely lady shouldnt be alone ;)
I have to join in one evening
Do we need to teach every class every day?
2nd Place in Mr.Mater and 1st Place in Audience Favorite (y) yuhh good job everyone!
Shine responsibly!
How do you score a four on the Wonderlic? Morris Claiborne had to have purposely shrugged it off or something.
OK. She's not my favorite singer either. Today's music for the most part overall is crap. It's going in the wrong direction.
It's official: I am my dad. Only instead of yelling about minutes, I yell about mobile data usage. It doesn't grow on trees, you know.
His braces r gone, he's moving to Miami, making new music less ustreams.. everythings happening so fast I cant keep up. I'm so proud thoughh
Def sad. She's very brave. I just hope she lets herself heal and seeks help when in need of it.
Oh lullaby of birdland that's what I always hear, when you sigh / Never in my wordland could there be ways to reveal in a phrase how I feel
"Tell me, when your men slaughtered Ned Stark's men in the throne room, did you give the order?" - Tyrion
Between getting sick and getting busy, I will be unable to finish my #cssoff entry. Good luck to the rest. Can't wait to see what you did.
np, just one brother helpin another brother out.
followed follow me
did you play at Broome CC?
Paul Silas out as the #Bobcats head coach.
Greetings, Oliver!
oh snap! Prediction of an optimistic Louie, this season.
Interesting, powered by Yinzcam (?)
I love u
All right, all you party prom people, be good to each other and watch out.
Lmaooo ": Teachers straight off the boat, I need subtitles to understand them sometimes... #dhs"
Keep your vehicle running cool this summer by ensuring adequate coolant protection. We'll test your vehicle's coolant at any Express Lube.
If It Was Up To Me, I Would Be Chillen With Youu This Weekend Instead Of Going To My Mom's. Just Cause I Miss You So Fuckingg Much. <3
Only when my legs feel like they need more exercise than usual.
$5 to #Wikipedia that was long overdue
Yes, please!
we're all ready be together for this wedding! And you can drive!
yes #MyDick and it's amazingly clean(:
I hate the doctors office :( they have a bad fish that's all by its self..
Gah. I freakin hate my glasses . But I love being able to see. :)
im sorry ur getting divorced his loss ur any mans dream girl:-)
#edshow Mitt Romney plans to fix poor people's holes. YEAH.
My company's twitter feed is almost at 50k followers. Great source for PR and news - plus the tweeters behind it are awesome :)
But a wise prince knows an uneducated populace is easier to govern.
r u making another book??? i hope so <3
3 solutions to every problem: accept it, change it, leave it. If you can't accept it, change it. If you can't change it, leave it.
Callie is to stupid for me lol :)
Today, Senate Republicans block student loan bill
Your cheating on me? Wow.. He was right! Great..
if you find out let me know. I fail at designing power points :)
This game goin so hard
and I have a smart mouth. win for #mouth .
FOLLOW BACK PLEASE
do you know if the Facebook everyone is adding is real?
#isTurnedOnby the simple stuff ;; like the way u whisper in my ear :P
nice! Get them to fight in the Q&A. Be far better than the standard Q&A horseshit
": Woman at airline ticket counter: Have a great flight. Me: You too. #EVERYTIME" haha! Makes me laugh when people do this!!
Thank you! So good to see your smiling face tonight :)
Wishing all moms a wonderful Mother's Day.
Last show of JUDGMENT AT NUREMBERG. It's been a great ride. Sad to see it end...
Thanks for the follow, CinemaSuicide! So happy to have found your website...
Ditto. Namely #lust, #sloth, &
village, are you doing mission work?
To paraphrase Missouri Hall of Famer Mark Twain, "The reports of Rush Limbaugh's greatness are greatly exaggerated."
Great - thank you. And thank you for your support of writers doing this work; so important
balls got big $ golf Tourny , thanks again Bro . You helped buy a leg for a kid !!!!!
please reply or call me!
Business Plan Competition Presentations tonight at 6:15 in the ESB! good luck you guys!!
We're going to be debuting a song from our new EP over at absolutepunk.net today, keep your eyes peeled!
on the eway already
... You 2 are #TeamLucky ... I just have to sit and watch. Cant badmouth any team :( This sucks.
God help me.
just finished watching. OMG OMG OMG! How are we gonna survive on that cliffhanger until September?
Michael Jordan scored 38 points...with the stomach flu. If that's not inspiration enough for a Chicago kid....
Why when you need 13 yards do you pass it 3...
Schools for the <U+E521><U+E523><U+E52E>
check out my book Detroit based lesbian female running an escort service! X click link on my page
Book on saleslion blog has free downloadable book on marketing
Many companies use analytics, not all of them win with analytics. Nathaniel Lin, #Analytics Executives Network
: he speak : Romney for natural marriage, Obama for unnatural marriage. and Bryan calls himself a Christian?!?
#feed9b Nine in Madison (at least). Just where I am....
hmm, maybe we should start personalizing all of our brochures for #mcdm alum...
I remember my first time calculating a satellite's fall back into earth
I like this bird living in my plant. He stands on our deck rail & chirps extra loud when we play music.
...and I figured Eddie had all the people he needed.
"Know how to garnish food so that it is more appealing to the eye and even more flavorful than before." -Marilyn vos Savant
policies (by default) are for user objects unless otherwise configured
Lol I Know Right !
When you drop your phone and your scared to look at it to see if the screen is broken...
The History Of The Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Edition by bgpappa
FWIW: Grisly is NOT the same as gristley. Even though both can be disgusting.
I think it might be!! It's either #librarianship or #libraryschool ... I haven't figured out which...
Good Night! (:
I cant wait till tomorrow, thats when my weekend lifts off. Friday:Homecoming game/F.L.I, Saturday: Rubys :DD
mom chill
THE RETURN OF MONTA.
Thank you, Tamie! I'm happy to hear it: RT Just wanted to say I'm really enjoying "With Good Behavior" :)
I love Snooki and J-WOWW but I have neer seen a whole episode of Jersey Shore ever. Minute here minute there's about it.
creepy kitty
If u under 25 and u not gettin pussy atleast 4x a week n u gotta girl
NO BRO! I hate you. Your just gay& not being loud. :/ #talkbro. -i kid, I kid.<3
Javale slip screens are the funniest
Today I am La Paz. I am going to look for the place they invented the Paz Dispenser. What? Oh, how embarassing...
“There is a positive and a negative side, and at every moment I decide.”
re: APA citations. Certainly the lengthy 9th ed. APA Style book has lacunnae!
happy mothers day!
#1yearago #Assad thought he could stop the #arabspring from coming to #Syria. He was wrong.
So considering it's a leap does that mean we celebrate the day of our babies on April 13?
I have sent submission after submission this past week. I am gettin' tired easy. Does anybody got an easier way?
Just read your interview in The Signal! So glad you're leading such a great event and getting the word out in a big way!
Giroux/Crosby will be better over the long haul than Ovechkin/Crosby
Watching this beast ass zombie movie.
When I listened to him, I couldn't tell if he ws serious, I felt like someone was playin a joke on me ha
so true
is trying to figure out why she can not log into FB!!
tip to make mail a success...RT : identical mailings, 1 white, other colored paper; colored paper showed 20% incr. in response
Matt Smith announces 1 More Year left of #DoctorWho at the #NationalTVAwards as he confirms he is heading to Hollywood.
Raise a toast to St. Joe Strummer. I think he might have been our only decent teacher.
dave is right, it's so hot outside you could fry an egg
iLoove it when you give me head, but iHatee it when you give me headachees! xD __can't get enoughh!
ok Preshus don't get beside yourself
tell people to follow I am having a contest with my friend
Gretna senior center to stay put
Oh, I think u will LOVE Gone Girl. Totally agree she's a complete rock star. Sick and twisted stories? Yes please!
so and i seem to have similar tastes in guys. but i have one question, how do you feel about Nick Simmons??
You're right, Slennon Skarsgård. Sorry,
All praises to the most high for allowing me another day
I lost someone who i love very but i am trying to let go=)
": yes. you know i love to cook for you. <3" And only mee of course<3 :]
Hayden is Tweeting
Oh! I have a good one.
Just because you think you're better than everyone else, doesn't mean you can get whatever you want.
awe *blush ALERT* haha! :))
Can't sleep :c
STWSE could be a late day runner, watching to see if any big sell orders flash on L2.....
Just say "Blueberry Hill"... She'll get it several years from now!
congrats, , on your new teaching position!
If we were all rich we all would be miserable because everyone would be the same Cheergirl<333
Have you ever been to the MFA Summer Friday? Is it fun?
#muse2012 Matthew, my sentiments exactly. I calendared a registr reminder for Feb 1 2013 for
If nothing else this Sarah Phillips story is very interesting.
Why is #NeverEnding story not on #Netflix streaming? How will my Sunday be complete?
Can you follow me?<33
new evil eyes single droppn tuesday! (barring unforeseen circumstances)
The imagination is literally the workshop wherein are fashioned all plans created by man. - Napolean Hill
u tryna do what I showed u with my hands in LA? Lol
AG Van Hollen has appealed both judges' decisions. Supreme Court is expected to take up the matter, but hasn't scheduled a hearing yet.
the electronic show in vegas
I so enjoy a good nights sleep. The older I get the more I appreciate rest. LOL
We are so excited to be partnering with for our New Belgium Office Olympics!
Phoenix Coyotes GM Don Maloney announced today that the Coyotes have traded the negotiating rights of G Ilya Bryzgalov to the Flyers
It might be time for a food processor. Anyone have any thoughts on what to get or whether to even get one or not?
It's #KinkiThursday!
Wow!! Harsh. I can make jokes and the next time I see you i'll prove it :~)
I am at peace with that mighty sacrifice...
you looked so cute sleeping on Anthony's shoulder
Q1 The digital divide is still alive and well. Sometimes a circulating copy of a 2010 Encyc. Brit. is the best a kid can do for hw
Mean ASS Trigga Nigga Wont Follow Me..!!!!
catch us this Sunday night at the when we open for THE VIBRATORS !!
Hope is like a road in the country; there was never a road, but when many people walk on it, the road comes into existence.
Missing my momma today. Hope she has a wonderful Mothers Day BBQ with all the fam :)
Today was an ok day
I love Jurassic park but everytime I get to the cow seen I wonder why I watch this movie
Right on. Silence is not golden when it comes to bullying.
you guys seem so happy now.. :)
Um sir? I'm not sure your pimp walk and lack in ability to wear your pants properly, qualifies you to be able to park in a handicap spot.
hahaha. You wrote "dunk"
does anyone have any good ideas for a response to literature unit?
These barriers prevent people from getting tested, receiving treatment, and clearing themselves of this disease
Before WDW had all the physical caches pulled, yes. There were only a few, but we got them. In 2002, we placed one at IOA. Cheers!
wont be able to play tonight man - prob wont be on to play much for a few weeks
Anemia sucks.
I wanna go to Canobie Lake wicked bad....
u called it
Wowza! RT : #MyDumbCoworker said "don't altercate the form. Can't have no altercations on it."
Reading outside again for lunch... just over heard: yeah there were a bunch of older women there - they were like 26? LOL!! OUCH!!
It's hard sometimes! Rewards for completing UR workout goal, not food! A buddy 2 keep U going or tweet us & we'll push U to go!
I could really use some pinchers of peril right now.
Will they let people come in and help? We're catching a bus down there from Oak Park to help! :)
WE WILL HUG. And maybe that should be a thing. #DearTeenMe author hugs.
If "God" came to you…and told you that "He" had lost a million "Black" children to violence…over the past 20 years.…….
I hate it when 60 Minutes is delayed by a football game when the Giants or Jets are losing badly
You're stealing away every part of my heart, come and replace all my selfish ways
Idc how old I am E.L.Fudge cookies are bomb
Hey..hows everyone ?
Epic MedSpa is offering $50 worth of delightful services for just $25! Don't miss it - www.crowdclick.com!
Who stopped?
“: If I hear one more Christmas song... I'm jumping off the bridge on my lunch break.” hahahahaha
I think mr.Billings is officialy CRAZY
I wanna either go to Hollywood arts or house of Anubis, those are my top 2 schools
I'm terrified too. I'm just trying to remind myself (and others) that I'm also an angry loudmouth feminist who votes.
Tonight, midnight 1 or 2 new songs debut.
Faith, hope and love!
Are the airlines just screwing with ? They could show but not book a flight; suspiciously, 's website had no problems…
So much for wolf boy.
About to ring the bell at NASDAQ, hope my smile works
Hey #CBS renew #RulesOfEngagement already!
Glad you liked it... let us know what you think! Would love feedback.
So apparently the hashtag #SomeWomenCantStand is NOT about female paraplegics.
Everything Iz Purple >SWAGG #A.$.$.B.H.H
Inside the Eagles: Eagles made critical plays to sustain 18-play TD march How many storylines can you cram into one drive? Plenty. Especi
#LiesIveToldMyParents they changed my schedule I dont have 1st period anymore
ill be depressed and lay around and do nothing and just be miserable
mike or Andrew I guess haha and that's cool..
W.21daypurificationprogram.com thank you #wssmiami for a phenom day!! Incredible program with incredible peeps!!! MiVi & badass u roc!
Today is just one of those days were its raining out and all you do is stay in your pjs all day watching Disney<3
oh so secretive...
5 more games...
Was so excited for soup that I burned my taste-buds right off. F'in a. Now I can't sleep
I'll mark my calendar for sure
Thanks to everyone who joined us for the #sdsurfcup! What a great weekend!
Single and broke im living the dream
Authors Guild : open access inimical to authors - academic authors disagree! # gbs
well see what we can do for you on the next giveaway
It is jumping off the cliff and trusting there will be a net. Or some comfy pillows. :)
wassup man I really need u to mix and master these tracks I heard some of work on youtube it sound prefect
Before I finish my homework, I'm going on a rant.
it feels so nice to not do work in ap class!!!
PS- Thank you for the compliment. After loosing 100 lbs and changing my life I started to dance like no one was watching
uhm not yet mr remember o said it was dumb? Haven't really changed my mind yet :)
haha I can always totally go for a brownie :) RT Could totally go for a brownie...
Oh, Steven Tyler is from Boston. I knew there was a reason I disliked him so much.
..Some people, eager for money, have wandered from the faith and pierced themselves with many griefs."
Great things are possible only to strong souls and it’s from the trivial events of daily life that strength is won. L.W. Rogers
RT : 4 years ago today, Sen. Ted Kennedy endorsed Sen. Barack Obama at in Washington. A pivotal moment in '08 race.
Good morning to you... Girl, Boys and Couples....
Beaver fever, :( R.I.P.
It just makes you that much closer to being called a "Silver Fox" :)
Great idea! Please give them to someone who deserves them.
How the fuck is this suppose rivalries when I can't even fuckin reach you
guess what!
doubt it!!
Lmao I won, woo
were you joking about being the next.female asian rapper? If not, i support that yo!
And didn't the free energy thing involve gold or copper bits being released into the air?
2 love is nothing 2 be loved is something 2 love and be loved is everything I am nothing you’re something so let me be your everything
My throat hurts:/
it's crazy how people get blinded by fools
I fall apart and it figures, It's just the way I've always been
We will by the end of this week =] We are also looking for a vocalist too =]
SOPHIA NOREEN. Don't ever do that again.
thanks, don't believe that is overpayed considering how good he can be
Sydney Morning Herald Promises An End To An Old Trick Of The ...
Thanks for your reply, Amir. I'll hit you up in a week or two. Good luck with your current projects!
Fine u?
M Chili Pie. RT : hold in the firy depths of mount doom for one hour.
Logging off, now. Bye. <U+2665> u all! Can't wait for Ariana's live chat, e!
#Retweet If You A 90's Baby With No Babies ( Follow get 500+ followers instantly) :)). -- Ms NO BULLSHIT™ ()
RT : $50 / pound. That's how much you pay for coffee when you buy the 10-pack Keurig cups. -- WHAT!!???
As a kid I was hit in the face by a pitch thrown from a Texas Ranger baseball player (forget who) at a picnic.
Savings Tip - Lower thermostat on hot water heater to 120°F
Haha good stuff on the George Bush article man.
Are family just needs to forgive and forget good lord they act like children, they need to get along for their brother Randy!
Just got a couple of big opportunities coming up... Thank God for favor!
wow are you dyslexic orr??
yessssirr! You know we comin for that number 1 spot!
fail... Mandatory "upgrade" to new version removed two key features making it unusable for me, support call was useless
Why don't they just arrest Zimmerman and let the courts sort it out? My mom has been arrested for less, more than once.
One of the hardest things in life is figuring out the difference between friendship and love.
Chris Young marry me!
haha Naul will make sure we get some work done!
I hate it when jealous people post on your profile out of spite. Some people never change.
Happy Easter everyone! Hope y'all have a good one. :)
The Bucs earned a place in the hall of shame this afternoon, with less than 100 yards of offense, and a 3rd loss. Final: Giants 24, Bucs 0.
Thank you girl! xoxoxoxoxoxo
Sharpie really fighting it. He'll get one tonight!
My parents don't let me go out,yet the house is fucking boring.
#TwoWordsBlackPeopleFear Drive By
Walking with my best friend and her kids.
"Lemme see ya get high, and go low"
Air china ad placed after huntsman's speech on CNN
Congrats on ultrasound today! It's such a fun experience. ('cept for drinking all the H2O & feeling like u have 2 pee pants)
J.D.: "I'm not a dorky recluse, I don't get good grades, and I'm with people all the time!"
The Greek pulling out of the US market for sports bettors is just as big when Pinnacle left...
hey sure I'll follow you back :)
if I live, I shall kill you, if I die, you are forgiven. Such is the rule of honor
The ugly one! And I think it prompted me to threaten to run away...
Some breakfast, then getting ready to head to the Lunmis Day festival. I <3 Northeast LA!
Ha! For sure lol!
Glad I saw you Alexa ::D
Finished a scene.
Those who realize their folly are not true fools." -Chuang tzu
Well thanks you ;) Do it! RT : just found , great music! Find them on instagram too!
Hey happy opening day see you soon!
lol :( our lives are so hard. i might go running now since the sun is hiding :D
I felt that way the other night when retweeted me. Lol
So true! RT True 90's kids have used the phrase "Get off the phone, I have to use the Internet."
Thank you! RT : happy birthday
hey 360 thanks for following!!! ya'll should help me reach my true potential
LOVE someone like you, hooked;p love you!
RT : This talking point was exhausted in 1987. RT : Medicare trust fund exhausted in 2024, Social Security in 2033
yeh but I'm kind better still in treatment
I might as well say it now since im not goin 2 be up in da A.M. So...G'Morning Tweepz!
Awww!! You look just like your mommy!!
desperate times call for desperate measures my friend. desperate.
blessing all ways
i need a waffle.
or on you. Your choice. Happy Holidays!!!
Capitol Momentum is The Best!
"Most marketers agree that consumers don’t really buy products or brands. Consumers buy what those brands promise to do for them."
I love Big Brodous Clay's two valets
No playoffs this year, another failed season. Where does this team go from here? They aren't close!
Thank you so much U guys for all of the DM mentions and all the LUV We promise to get free Itunes release for all of you guys who retweeted
On my way to event powered by providing hundred of families with roadmap to Aaron higher education !
Vanilla custard with rainbow jimmies from ritas.
Good! Why your there you may as well tell them to take you on tour or let you make an appearance during the Cincinnati date! :)
huh? on my left knee
Oh my god, I just realized I hold my mouth like my mother....
That is absord!! And Makes Absolutely Every Bit Of Sense.. Hmm..
Funny you would say that
I love you so much . Thank you for always bringing joy to my life!
.......... RT : My desktop finally died today after 7 good years together. Can we please have a moment of silence?
not passing up a good look for himself. That's all I'm saying.
Ideas how to organize avids/mavens into a community and give them extra info e.g. cast change announcements before press release.
Funsize.. Thats not so badd.. && True he'll get taller . but i dont get it.. when u get OLD do u like shrink or sumthing?!?
Do your best impression of your favorite animal! <3 May 24 Section 102 Row CC seats 13 and 14
Thanks guys! (:
Husband Murders Family Members for Feeding His Cancer-Stricken Wife Tea and Toast Instead of an Orange -
The Ironbound is a ______ working-class neighborhood in Newark, New Jersey. a. small b. medium c. large == >> Fill in the blank!
2 more followers till i hit 200 :O.
It's a girl! Capri is the mama and she weighs 10.5 pounds.
Hard to believe last time I saw The Black Keys, they were playing at the Avalon (1100). Now they are playing the Honda Ctr (17k) in Anaheim.
Yes, but that doesn't help the young receivers who are trying to learn the system. Just shoots the team in the foot.
Yeah you do
Reading about RDA, FRBR, FRAB - oy..getting so sleepy. And these boys need to stop singing in the library
Dying hair :)
Dude, I am the unofficial mayor of Starbucks. :)
I did and its one of my favorite RT : Who has tried the Watermelon #Assault ???
Achtenberg--trauma stories are fragmented and voice is enormously important
Lmao right! Same thing on my TL!
Print deadline moved up by 15 hours? Time to switch over to the kicking-ass playlist.
I would love to see more games >:D A blog would also be great :)
I'll say this...it was insightful.
The tall guy in Lady Antebellum has a HOT wife!
interesting article. thx. "only B12 fortified foods and B12 supplements have proven themselves as reliable sources of B12"...
: Me too!! Until I get sick :( Lol
hey Rob! Yep working for MLB & loving it. Hope all is well!
We'll be there! RT Today is UPAF's 2012 Campaign Kickoff! Celebrate with us & talented Member Groups at the Harley-Davidson Museum!
checkin out Robert Glasper in Memphis TN tonite. This guy album is incredible! I hear the show is supposed to be even better. Excited!
I think that our stellar wit and sarcasm will be useless against zombies. Machete, perhaps?
nobody does.
Retweet follow - tweeting from 2nd floor of a school in Galveston, the 1st floor is flooded
That would be awesome, I'd be down.
Sitting here watchn #TLC A Baby Story, aw
No it is not! This is GODS Team!
H -Town -Nothing in Common!!! :)
T just saw some lady's thong straps. He may never get over it. He's traumatized.
im all about Chickens today! Citrus & rosemary Roasted with Veggies Galore... oh And some bacon braised Brussels M M
damn patty how u gonna play me like that! If anything I was THICK lmao
Very excited to see Deep River featured in M Magazine. It features a kitchen remodel in Shorewood.Look for it on your local magazine stands.
99 cookies cause i bitch ate one
please learn to decipher between my complaining and my threatening physical harm, please and thank you.
I feel HONORED ... #Respect :) RT : #WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter - my first tweet was to my dear old pal !
Have a great weekend everyone!
Semi-finals of #DWTS Gotta come down to #William & #Donald They r the best!!
Found a 1939 nickel in my change. Don't know if it signifies any luck, but it's pretty cool.
thank you so much for the kind words. :)
I said "jk"
solita of course! No doy! ;p Not fibroids, just a hormonal shift o.O My body is aging. My biological clock is ticking!!!!! D:
Co-director and I did most admin stuff. I think we'd change that if we had a more permanent company.
Thank you for the tweets & congrats!
ALERT! We'll be closed 4pm-5pm to set up for our NYE Free Play Party! Doors open at 5pm, $15 cover (includes champagne toast). 21+!
Do I get jealous? Yes. Do I cry randomly? Yes. Do I get angry? Yes. Am I perfect? No. I'm only me.
Hey - if you'd like a buddy to join you at Miller Park sometime, I'd love to do that!
by the way the new song is already on itunes.... Just incase you didnt know
We'll be hanging out at the houston press' menu of menus tm night at 7-10 pm at spring street studios.
I wish I was special.
an eye-opening tweet, much appreciated.
Rivers must of threw his arm out after last weeks shoot out
#GrindingSeason is never-ending. Remember - good things come to those who wait, but only things left by those who hustle.
I forgot what I put on Mom's card with the flowers until she just texted me about it. "Thank you for birthing me."
i miss him /:
good afternoon, tweeples. how is everyone doing on this #manicmonday?
Don't be JUDGING other's taste in music... ;)
That does seem to be what it boils down to, sometimes.
“: God knows our feelings. It's just that we have to open our mouth and heart when we wanted Him to listen. PRAY!”
The sun is coming up as I fall asleep... Oh what we do for film production.
I really want to see the avengers! So many hot men too look at ;)
your not nice lol
Today is my #someday will follow me? #neversaynever right? 12
i don't think i can ever live alone. 21 and still #afraidofthedark lol
Injured Zaheer Khan out for Day 2;
It was fabulous! 275 attended & 2 undocumented college students spoke at the Q/A session. Very moving: thanks!
and then he died.
By the time you get home tomorrow, the tulips will be out. Have fun!
Ready for the weekend!
thank you ... that was kind of you
thank you!
R.I.P. 2 My grandpa' Joe..... I will always remember how you taught us boys to become men & take care of your family!!
diners. drive ins n dives.
considering that, I wonder how early people will be lined up for the 100 free John Cusack signing tickets tomorrow. Haha!
cause u weren't following me
Making first recipe from cookbook: devils food cake. Would prefer less oil, but hope my Girl Sout troop will love it!
i hate to be the facebook police in class when im TAing! but i have to, so at least i try to do it with style, or humor, or both...
Sorry I missed that!
Thanks for terrific blog class you gave yesterday for Web Manager University!
Let's get those runs back !
It's #AprilFools i so don't wanna be in this house with all the pranks that are about to be happening great!
I'm sorry to inform you that is a liar. Ipad is not for sale. I'm gonna smack him now.
No no no.... I don't want snacks but you can gimme meat pie or scotch egg... lol
yeah, i'm gonna start doing that too now -_- lol i just hate when people SAY they are going to do something but never do -_-
agreed! MT excellence of NBC's Doc Emrick is a beautiful part of playoff hockey, esp. in Game7! As good as there is, in any sport
tweeting like a 14 yr old girl quoting her favorite songs. "It's like this song was written about my life!!"
My 100th follower will get a song named after his/her twitter name on my next album.
In Deluth Minnesota today. Last show of the US tour!
And my mother is always right..
We should probably go see this in costume.
Check in on Foursquare during April to receive $15 off a deluxe detail!
I used to love running, then I got fat and quit. That might be the other way around.
ha! good point. From now on pre-2000 will be coined "old school" :)
that last vid was the bomb yo... keep up the good shit!
LOLL silly girl I heard what I heard and you said what you said :)
God loves to help him who strives to help himself.
RT : Poison singer Bret Michaels, contestant on 'Celebrity Apprentice,' in intensive care after brain hemorrhage
Dying to jam it up again.....
Thanks for letting me know about "Dan" confusion- I'll correct it!
Thanks for the RT!
thanks for letting me know! Thatis weird someone would do that!
Unfortunately no. Those commercials are not what I would consider fat folk friendly or Fcubed as we like to call it.
Couldn't be more happier for #Flyers leaving #610wip. They got treat like crap past couple weeks being past over for
The things that go thru my mind at work <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
It will rain by bruno mars describes the way i feel about you
What else would we be doing? RT : How many of you out there are spending your Friday evenings reading FEC filings?
#inspiration. Winston Churchill said, "We make a living from what we get. We make a life from what we give.
some things seem to gain clarity from a distance, others simply vanish
This Weds dont 4 get 2 come out 2 BROADWAY BAR. Dj Mystik video mixing & Peter Blue hosting the party. 21& up welcome!!!
Your belt buckle weighs more than three pounds
Yeah...I really need to stop buying DVDs...
i don't understand why i didn't drink coffee in high school?! i sure as hell could have uzzzzzed it....
Last night in LA. Waking up super early tomorrow to drive up the 5N.
OBAMA keeps #winning by interrupting the Apprentice show with the news of Osama’s death. Do you think Trump will enter the race now?
so i may have gone a little overboard at the sale on today
feel me RT“: #Scorpio's are awake while they sleep.”
About 27 hours away from the next Apple event & I don't know what to expect. What will happen?
Especially for you: Happy New Year! From the President/CEO of Nivula Innovative Designs
Thank You Notes! #jimmyfallon<OVER THE LIMIT12>
you too Dose... would love to see you battle in NY. hopefully I can make it into Canada by summer time for WD3
oh awesome! that's pretty cool. when do you head out to SD?
Good morning friends! Question of the day: Do you allow your kiddos to sulk after they have been disciplined?
Hey, excited to have you joining us! Many welcomes!
Beth Williamson explores connections between private life and the idea of public inclusion for the disabled.
We are all a little weird and life's a little weird, and when we find someone whose weirdness is compatible with ours- Dr. Seuss
People are SO terrified of the creativity, bravery,and talent of Lady Gaga right now.What is the deal?Everyone is crumbling in her presence
I am going straight home. This never happens. I am so very excited...and sleepy.
I'm still fuuugggeeedd up from last night.
STOP. MURDERING. MY. PHONE. unless you're gonna tweet me of course
Spitta... RT : I like my girls in sneaks instead of sandals
Bloody Bloody LaToya Jackson
Bob Marley is in the Tea Pot Lounge....come while it is still here...
Do I seriously look like I'm 22! #feelsoold x_x
Thx for RT's and mentions!
It's a rough day when my hardest decision is what color to get my nails for my pedicure. I love vacation!
hahahaha hope you did well girl!!
oh you can see easily, we will show you!
Coloring, washing and treating my hair for the past 3 hrs, now to figure out a color for my nails
Have an internal alert protocol to decide what to do when crisis happens
Hi Barbara, thanks again for agreeing to review KN's book for LPR. I've confirmed that there will, in fact, be a second review, too
learned about bugs that upon becoming sexually mature, replace their digestive system with a reproductive one and cannot eat or drink. awful
I struggle and I get upset, but I'm trying so hard not to let it get to me. My faults make me who I am and I can only embrace them
Idk why I'm even surprised... We all have that one friend who never follows thru with plans
RT : I would rather be shot then sit here and listen to these army storied -- lmao be nice
Launching the store today at 5:00! Stop by to see handcrafted jewelry, shirts, & wire wrapped rings. All proceeds are considered donations!
It all makes more sense now. I wash fighting for you. I was fighting for me...
Flying to LA tomorrow. Picking up my new ride. Can't wait. Driving it back to PHX on Sat!! Top Speed in Mojave?...120mph? 135mph?
Who is the pretty lady sitting next to at the Lakers game?
Lol u r crazy
Because people have no thoughts to deal in,they deal cards,and try and win one another's money.
Gypsy's having a shoot today 1:30-2:30 at R&11 across from Shoki. Come say hi!
ur welcome now let's have a mothers day session
Yay! Can't wait to hear!
Since time heals all, is it fair to say trust is healed with time?
#DailyRebellion: Appreciate the woman in the mirror for what she can do, not just how she looks.
I love twitter. 15 minutes ago everyone loved Crow. Now, he's the worst pitcher in the league
cool I'll bring mine!!
dum bored chillin out side with brittney with our cuzin jah jah getting lite out side playing football
Awesome! Nickelback = window licking.
“: #Taurus is the type to say "We're breaking up" to your face. Ballsy.” yup.
Who think #QRcodes should be in-home on the inside of an #eCommerce flap?
Thanks for the follow, looking forward to learning more about your wines and olive oil!
sprinkles Inc. For fergie
All I wanted to do was come home and lay in my bed
ya right!!!!! Don't even front...“: Giving up drinking for #lent sucks sober fridays blow”
All In
I was in the same city as & and I didn't even know it. fml -___-
Money is burning a hole in my pocket and #bloomingdales is having 20% off!
Yes, Al Latta was there in all his toupeed resplendence.
Creating Digital Landscape in Vue7 I love the program but sure wish it would render scenes faster
yeah :\ okay. Just making sure :)
Convicted by idea that we tack "in Jesus' name" at the end of all kinds of prayers w/o really thinking about what that means
I love buns...on my head
that sounds like a good reason to switch to Finale! ;-)
Good morning Tweeps and good morning #SouthFlorida - 600 followers and growing fast, thank you so much!
Yes Please Follow Me :D
HELLO BARBIE hope ur new year is gettin busy with what u love!
Happy birthday, o fellow redhead. I love you.
Congrats to Daytona 500 winner! Way to go!
what about kelly clarkson's stronger?
CURRENT THURSDAYS presents MODELS & BOTTLES w/ DJ LION L 15 Models hanging around the VIP Section....come say hello :)
RT : Winners keep winning because they keep doing the necessary somethings to win!
Ive been in a windowless room all day. Is it sunny yet? I feel like a lazy groundhog....
"Shoot for the moon. Even if you miss you will end up among the stars..."
how dare you!!!!
New surveillance video of soldier being attacked shows a closer shot of one of the suspects who beat soldier in Interbay neighborhood.
i wish there was a mini golf course with 69 holes. not to be awkies but like i think mini golf courses are too short. hah
“: #ccinkc Are you all going to Members Club or back to parking? Cc: ”
Right. Me, too. "Maybe the reason for (Hunger Games') success is simple: it makes teens feel both victimized and important." -David Denby
playing with twitbin...
lmao i was twalking you hahah i make up the best twitter words :p
“ people talk so much shiet behind ur back but when they with u they act like the ur bestfriend smh stupid bitch”
anytime! When we stand together we win!
Portland friends - any restaurants, bars, recs for things to do there?
The only way her heart will mend is when she learns to love again.
ahahaha. It's really a great piece, Frannie.
Then he requested that I post a video of me burping. Hahaha. Weirdo.
thanks for the URL! more art is always good i say even if the world doesn't need anymore : ) really lovely stuff there
Just thinking about yesterday, got me rollin'. :D This shiz cracks me the heck up.
ok packers, slow down and save that for next week
I forgot that Jonathan Lucroy only ever had 83 PA in A. Gives me more hope for a breakout.
Bitch, please. Even Jerry is bigger than you, so you better shut up.
Today is just awkward .
You cannot move into a true healing until you are willing to let go of your story.
A- moment in my life i'll never forget...when A- will be unmAsked
Let me know if you can't get that NYCLU data as CSV and I'll help you scrape it from the PDFs
yes ma'am :) I have something going on with nursing on Wednesday so she let us come in today
Oh yeah everybody loves homework! (she said sarcastically)
Mon Karate& break dance,Tues. musical theatre,Wed Church, Thurs Karate- now know why my parents rejoiced the day I PASSED my driving test.
Good Morning! I hope everyone is having a great day.
Thanks Terri!
City snatch victory from United w/a Man U extra time special. Love it!
#Remix Madonna vs. Avicii – Girl Gone Wild
Great seeing you today & continuing to talk about & !
The harm is not just if Canada Post wins its suit; harm is already done if the filing of the suit even passed the smell test w/ CP's counsel
#MakesMeLaugh RT : After #cmgrUN and sharing pickles & vodka, If I adored you anymore would be uber jealous!
If Louisville and UK were to meet in the Final Four, all you'd hear about leading up would be about both coaches.
Congrats rangers for moving on and about to get your asses kicked... Have fun
SOOP LOADED RIGHT NOW LEFT #BEAMERS NOW HEADED 2 DENNY'S
I hope the heat lose
you got me!
im so sorry i cant make it to your concert </3 :(
Thanks for the tip. (Actually, the Reconciliation & the 2nd Indochina War post is perhaps the one I'm most proud of).
Im so angry.
I feel like I'm the only one freaking out about the hottie of the week. I love <333
===You were so awesome..HELL! What am I saying? You are awesome!!! You did that!
thanks David! And Amy and Brandon!
unless he goes without a loss, I think you have Lynn fortify the bullpen. Remember 4 of his wins come against Cubs and Pirates.
Only wearing 1 sports bra
thanks my dear. #
Lmao as I watch this video of and dancing. Yall better work.
Today begins Day 2 of our Cleveland-based Portal Admin training! check out updates & photos here throughout the morning
yeah but you're tagging me in it!!!
My website profiling before and after mixes coming soon.In the meantime pick up that record "Theme Music" by D.A.P on REALIZME ENTERTAINMENT
I know I've said this before, but the "Keep Calm and . . ." variations HAVE. TO. STOP.
Super sad sittin in the airport right now
The Bus Stop Public Art Presentations are Thursday at 6 p.m. at Bay View High School Auditorium! Looking forward to seeing everyone there.
I hope so! I'll keep my fingers crossed.
IS HE!!!! “: My niggah in there goin to work!”
Ms. Roberta, hoping you're having a fabulous birthday, lady!
haha no not at all!
word of the day: agora
Maybe i've found a full band now. Pretty cool stuff.
Three youngsters merge their great minds to produce award-winning video
Jason Dufner eyes first win in New Orleans
2 White powder scares hitting PDX right now. One at airport, one downtown. Get the latest on FOX 12 now.
The way to a man's heart? Through your Netflix account, duh.
Wine Down Eugene - Eugene Daily News
I holler at you!
I hope not, but I'm starting to sneeze, smh..
Good things come to those that wait. Patience is a virtue #WaitOnTheLord Prayers up - Blessings down, I love him do u? (Kevin Heart voice)
How has branding evolved since the Mad Men era? Join this free, on-demand webinar to find out!
#nccetl les foltos of PeerEd says you can have islands of excellence but only by having person teach. Trust/are down the hall/on site-person
~Humpf, I just spent my Saturday lost in your blog. Humpf~
If you Dont Show for Court. I would Rather take you off your Job just for PISS OFF factor.What Goes Around Comes Around.
Nobody is perfect but you're perfect for me
Marriage is not just a religious issue. It's a contract w/legal rights. Govt has an interest by definition.
The Real Tom Ford has clearly found the real Fountain of Youth. I die.
I love Konshens!
My TL is officially as dry as cracked chapped lips.
Some habits die hard.
He has no idea...
Super worried and can't stop thinking about the what if's.
You're 14. Stop taking pictures of you thinking your sexy & captioning it "I don't like this dress, what do you guys think?" -.-
OH : "Process: that's our thing"
you r soo lucky u say ryan in the tinychat!
Our predictions are on many radio shows, podcasts and newsletters - thanks Cassia! Sign up for our free newsletter!
Too Much Temptation Can Turn You David Ruffin
well if you would put my name I would be honored :-)
If you didn't hear it with your own ears or see it with your own eyes, don't invent it with your small mind and share it with your big mouth
Cant wait to see tonight !!
and now my twitter background looks stupid. goddammit.
For the love of SAX. The joy of it, too. Come down 2 the ABQ Museum Amphitheater 4 NMJW's Jazz Under the Stars TONIGHT! You have 30 minutes.
alright, I'll try my best! :)
good cause I was gonna bother u anyways
Create music with one and rehearsing with another ghost writing is fun too. So far this year is so fly.
So dude with the dog(who was in the wrong to start with)pulled out the burner...killed them.smh
“: #shoutout and kisses to my first follower ever ” aw thank ya babe. :-)
no problem, i gotta keep a Supaahstar happy :)
>>mmmmhm will dew...n u too dough!!!
Come on #blues you useless c***s
"We are the first generation that can be both the creators and the owners of the media at the same time." - Smith
oh yes~> RT Walk On By-Isaac Hayes. Every version of Bacharachs song's classic, but Black Moses takes it to whole new level
pee soup maybe?
Busy morning. A very serious crash on East94... and a fire at a Mpls business. Watch 45 local news at 7 for the very latest reports.
Beers and RockBand are popping off at Ratio HQ! Happy Friday everyone!
If I can find and kill 3 more Metal Slimes in Google Maps 8-bit, I'm gonna level up. What does this mean?
They are the best.
Excited about talk at #DevIgnition by Wonder if its going to featuring the #Scala greatness is Play 2.0
Good Morning #COSprings, I am in the office doing some paperwork and I will be out the door by 10 am... on to a awesome weekend.
feel better soon man!
Men are not prisoners of fate, but only prisoners of their own minds. Franklin D. Roosevelt
Things change people change!
Wis. elections board orders recalls for four Republican senators, dates uncertain
Boosie innocent, huh?
so the Red Sox won a game automatically means they are on the turnaround. Sound bias there ESPN.
a message just popped up on my phone: shortcut battlefield duty created. umm, weird.
TONIGHT @ CLUB ELEGANCE LADIES FREE $5 ADMISSION $3 DRINKS TILL 12 HOSTED DJ DEEZ & MIKE DEAN KITCHEN OPEN 21+ YOUR SAFETY IS OUR PRIORITY
Obey'Gang ^____^
I have to bring the trophy home!... Jk I'll be back Thursday night
You made my point: current climates & constituent landscape is far more complex than most comprehend. So easy strike: condemn all
I appreciate your stand for christ! Keep it up bro
thank you for all you do for us. You work so hard. Just remember, we're here for you and we're never gonna leave. Ily Ryan :)
Oh, now I get it. Yes I am slow, I don't get this twitter thing!!!!!
Happy Monday everyone.... any good news out there to report?
It just came back. And luckily Loyola is almost done. If it was last week would have been a major disaster. Hope noone lost papers
dang it's HOT!
$5 per gallon is a great deal in this economy!
Dominate on 3!!! Clutch INT
Dang, must have escaped my notice due to their not having the word 'Airship' in their name.
It's always so cold in here <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A8><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
TY!!! RT Follow the greatest people
Staring at a blank page and 1,800 words to go... So full of possibility and yet so full of dread.
Do what you love. Love what you do. Plan something positive when your day seems to be surrounded by the negative.
just pop a little bit during takeoff and touching down.
Matt Flynn, paging Matt Flynn...Les Miles calling.
CBSLA: An appeals court has ruled that Proposition 8, a voter-approved ban on gay marriage, is unconstitutional.
RT : Keith Lockhart (BBC Musical Director) talks to Sean Rafferty about #StreetScene tomorrow - @ 4.30pm on
Thank you for releasing more #JasonWu dresses online today!
what's wrong :(
With its location at the corner of Sisson and 28th St., is super convenient to the JFX. Right between offramp and onramp!
but I'm really into this fanfic I'm reading idk why.
Today's Lesson: You better live on your own terms, 'cause you may not go out on your own terms.
Eww filled with old ass raaaaaachet people... how's that old blonde bitch that fingers herself? She reminds me of a saggy old ass cow.
love your top though, infinite jest is on my TBR for this year, MUST FINISH
I must be tired...I just carried my cup of #coffee with me to the shower
oh sweet mother of capcisin! We were in Pecos a few weeks back, but it's much better to bring 'em home where you can do 'em right.
Erie was the best place to study abroad!!
Sometimes, watching #Maddow is astonishing in watching applied research. She and her staff are first rate.
It had the potential to royally blow. It didn't. Not even a little bit.
Beer makes one a better programmer. Maybe Sudafed/Benadryl/et all work the same magic? Worth a shot.
Reading Pinocchio to my niece
I can't sleep and i have to wake up at 6...fml"/
And never the twain shall meet was invented to prevent connections like that.
Can't recall a time where i was invited to a party and got ingorned!!
“Lost & Found,” LVA’s new exhibition, explores how the loss and discovery of items affects personal and collective memory.
I can't tweet & hold a camera while the games are going on!
Thanks for the interview today Looking forward to the story tomorrow at 5!!
pssst... and I are looking for you in the chat room... where are you?? ;)
Mad dash straight out of to get the last textbooks from school library.
"Did you take it to the limit?" "I quit 10 minutes early." "So you took it to the bare minimum."
Last second field goal by makes the score 6-3 at half.
UpwardMotionPT thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
Jump in the water when its shallow, bet I pop back up
- it's called Youth Explosion, from the album "Question in the Form of an Answer"
thanks so much for the RT :-)
know that the #FloridaMemorial family stands with you
I will bring about 20 paper copies of the wapo article on Austin fun stuff for front table if you want to so announce
This for sure is called a "Networking Connection" week, love it so far!!!! Give me more!!!!
that's awesome!
I quoted you much more in my TCW article than I had anticipated. Good info.
I hate when theres so many things to watch, ( flicks the channel back and forth)
Titles are unimportant. Know who you are. We underestimate who we are in our organizations.
I dont know if you know this... But The Dirges enjoy elaborate snacks... Just an FYI
": Victoria about to spazz out #LOL!"
I get the feeling that you won't have that problem, lol.
Sure it does! And people write sycophantic articles about the lead designer!
This friday the 13th sure full of sme ish not cool
Big shot by Sheehey!!!
no, unfortunately we don't carry the g series, it's too leet for us :) though they may have it online(?)
its on the way here.....DAM
their Dad knows you're hot and wants to know if you're single, lol
Thanks for the follow Lakesha!!
Success = making the right decisions, not the easy ones. Repeat daily...
you still "current" you back in the Chi?
and Christian Stokes = My personal brand of Yoda
on my way to downtown San Francisco with Caltrain... sun is shining
hey message me your number so we can get this comm thing going :)
Proud to be participating in this Twitter Town Hall on #TDV while at the #sandiego DV Council meeting!
So lazy right now blah
Great game
We understand the recording quality is bad on those vids but listen for content and let us know your favorite one!!
Want change in life is one of the greatest accomplishments
I'm good thanks :) What are you up to?
It's Friday!! (For those of you who still aren't excited about this fact)
That was what Patrick Swayze originally said instead of "Nobody puts Baby in a corner." It didn't test well.
#armband Cool Blue Armband sports SKIN for Sony Walkman NWZ-E353
Just finished Dead Like You by Peter James. A great British crime novel.
I wish i could play music with the band everyday :/
Great workout, protein bar, beach with the love. Solid day off :)
I'm good
Up and at 'em!
Trying to jam all my errands into one trip because I need like 7 watched-pot hours for this sauce
Crazy Summer is an up and coming #book by Cole Hart. Be on the lookout for it.
Thanks for noticing that's exactly what my wife said when I asked her for editorial advice...
Thanks for the follow, Adam and Sarah.
Check out our site/service, do you think we would be a good fit for Ignite Miami?
I kinda wanna get fun tipsy and wander on down to Victorias Secret and buy swimsuits-
Wow... Fuck that.
So fortunate to have made it this far. Everyday I grow a bit more, learn something new, and strive to be better than I was yesterday! :-)
Nothing like an old high school crush finding you & friending you on Facebook because he needs cows or some shit for Farmville
My mom forgot a crucial Christmas gift,.. now we are at #Walmart waiting in the last line of the day! #barelymadeit whew!
I <U+2665> EDM & want to see Bingo Players FRIDAY at Buchanan's #pickme! (/.\) <3
What they call this shit here?? They call it War Music!!!
Ten years ago today I was lined up in my cap & gown waiting to graduate still drunk off my ass.
Enjoy a #nude discount vacation 2 nights $200 visit us
Currently hosting a figment coming out party. Time to stop hiding who you are.
All the grading I need to do makes this the perfect sunny autumn day to organize my shelves and refresh the posters on my office door.
New Jersey later in New York :) <3
Thanks for the follow! I hear you guys mentioned a great deal on ESPN 96.1. If I ever go out to GR I'll be sure to stop by.
If you can't fix it after three years, it's time to do the right thing and resign.
if you're up late/on the west coast clap your hands *clap clap*
All fiesta at our summer apartment / production HQ in the center of town! what dates?
I missed her too. :'( she's like my soul sister.
Thanks for the follow Looking forward to seeing you and your followers on Saturday night!
thanks so much :)
10 minutes behind schedule today. Luckily I'm not on the 6:30 train
agree. or the best latte, or crepes. they can pretty much do no wrong!
Fifty (50!) anthropology graduates at today! Our dept. launched them off with a celebration for grads & their families.
Met my new agent today, had a great audition and looking forward to All County Chorus Concert tomorrow. Glad I got picked. I love to sing!
will you never learn? When I grow up, I want to have an invincible stomach like Rob Z, mommy.
alright. lets go celtics. close this out now.
LOVE listening to the antics of the twins playing w/my hubs. SO enjoy when they are having fun & not fighting it! Progress = happiness
Just watched someone leading some tourists yell "Let's go to Market Street!" and then promptly turn and walk in the opposite direction.
Oh snap! You jus did O.o
Show tomorrow in Cypress is now a $2 entry fee. A band dropped so we are figuring out new time slots. If they don't change we play at 6:15.
There is an adorable kid in the office today, sitting on the other side of my cube. Honestly, it's pretty nice having her in the office.
Sat. I was invited to a bar, and during last min. the orger had to change bars bec the first choice had been closed by the gob. Arg folks!
Prosecutor for the 99% is Steve Meacham from Making his argument about economic crimes against the 99%
you have to get there AT 6 that's what the lady told me when I asked about camping she said security would make u leave
#ThingsThatMakeMeThinkNastyThoughts ....when is posting!! I can't get work done when she is LOL
As you grow older, you will discover that you have two hands, one for helping yourself, the other for helping others.
right on, that's why I suggested the complimentary options unless you are flying Spirit. Yes they charge for soda, coffee, your soul
The Amazing Spider-Man 4-Minute Super Preview
Let my love lose again
Q1 If that. It's 1/2 at my library.
Do your part to build teamwork and a climate of encouragement.
Great! Lots of food for $25. Both soup & salad were tasty, flouder was perfectly cooked & loved carrot cake.
Dob't they know how fab and fiesty you are?
Hello, Chicago!
all good, working on a book about the making of "the other side of the wind," for st. martin's, hence the jake hannaford name
Good luck, Edwina! Let us know how it goes.
@ @ I keep trying to bring him over to the dark side!
": Clearing that one perception can move a mountain that you thought was unmovable. #AllisNeverAsItAppears" so true; good thought!
Subscribe to www.fashionbaggage to read all about it!
Alright just making sure you were watching!
Tx! RT : If you are, or ever will be in Albuquerque, you MUST eat at ... Seriously folks, in my top 3 meals ever.
#Healhtip: Just by switching from a bad lifestyle to a healthier one, one can expect to add as much as 14 years to theirlife
The common sense lesson of the day.
the best ones end in aol.com also :)
#restaurantstakeout is a joke. U dnt really expect ppl 2 believe this crap? You'd hv 2 b an idiot not 2 c the "hidden" cameras
and scariest looking DJ award goes to..... (note he is a great DJ/Producer and this in no way speaks towards his music)
Everytime i hear the phone ring i wish its you<\3 J.K.J + C.B.N = <3 ...Always&4Ev
I hate Jon Tudor.
Here is cool Ocean Drive Drink Recipe from Drinks And Cocktails Recipes Android application!
"Why do men love bitches?"
Hey,please follow me! I love you with all my soul Austin<U+2661><U+2661><U+2661><U+2661><U+2661><U+2661> 105
So turn the music up You're hearing more than sound. Right now, This town is for the taking & it's all we'll ever need.
u didnt go and y i ended up going to another party
finalizing our next KJ series @ The Crazy Horse 3 in Las Vegas. will be a wild weekly! www.crazyhorse3.com sushi served until 10am!
working on her acting website.... :)stay tuned
drinking is OK bt nt xcessive~ i love drinking too but nw i can't due 2 tis peptic ulcer i got. once in awhile i do feel like drinking~ U.U.
Game over YOU LOSE. #BackOnTheBus!!
Patience -- three lives from now you'll have overcome the phobia.
RT : Education is not going to ever be learner-centered, because education, by definition, is society-centered.
#FridayListens is READY PLAYER ONE by Ernest Cline - it kicks ass and is the perfect narrator for the story
who wants to make a post office run for me?
Floppy Disk.
Omg yay we are going to the beach this summer! I didnt think we were yaaaaaaaaay
Rachel is like 20. Lacy is 22 almost 23.
Girls who call themselves "bad bitches" <
Any chess players here?
HAPPY FRIDAY TO ALL!
thanks! but has been on team for a couple months now. is the man behind the magic.
I love me some skylar!!!
Jelly is lame
it should be interesting. let's do it!
musing on innovation...how do you define it?
Ok it looks like I have to take this thing into my own hands.
been there and Twitter always wins.
Don't you do the punchline? Knock knock jokes confuse the hell out of me. It's fruit salad at the door. Isn't that the whole joke?
The luncheon speaker will be Mitchell Stephens from #NYU. He will talk about Journalism and News: Untangling their histories.
Time is goin by too fast for me
hi - trying to send an email to and it keeps bouncing back. I there another email I can send to?
owe girl Dnt even get me started. Im too mad my hair not dat length no more.
In the end this doesn't matter because it will all crash due to Selection Sunday.
Working at a Starbucks is problematic. Can't use the restroom without packing up the laptop and backpack.
Thanks Onadio "CHECKOUT" Meech Dogg's JUICED UP on youtube. Please "HELP" us gain more fans tell some friends...
Hate when I'm watching something on DVR and I forget I can fast forward through the commercials.
I miss you ! Need to see you soon.
can u tell I'm jonesing for some sunshine/80s?
no problem :P i was going to make the same tweet, so i figured why not just retweet it :P
it looks like your video will be up tomorrow. no one has replied to me! ): but i think its good. dm me please? thanks. <3nd
On my way to see August Burns Red!
I'm in for an acoustic set at the Arboretum. Just let me know the date. Can't wait for summer shows!
he never dated jas
I miss you to<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5> come kidnap me and bring me to Boston with you
RT : Planners: When an emergency pops up at a meeting, what's the FIRST thing you do?
What's conversation if a niqqa can't just HIT sumn' ?
We just drowned a whole bottle of wine for Whitney Houston. The already planned party at my house is now in remembrance to Whitney.
Change of attitude is a start. Time to make change infectious.
JB please give us your beliebers prefer to your phone
My channel is boring and is mainly for my entertainment. I don't care how many views I get.
yeah that one looks nice
Just met another brilliant Afro-beat musician/producer from Portugal, I smell collaborations!
I am 4 of the 7 Dwarves. - Clean Funny Pics and Other Humor
RIP Donna Summer =(
A healthy diet should provide enough nutrients without the need for supplements, experts advise
We are working on the Android version and will be releasing it soon... stayed tuned for an announcement on FB and Twitter
Dealing with lat long coordinates on a Cartesian plane is a bear.
paulreesq: Finished at QMagazine for Xmas. On train & dialling up the Phil Spector Christmas Album... festive
Just ate some mashed potatoes and ranch dressing. <3 So fucking happy now :D
Adversity gives birth to greatness.The greater the challenges&difficulties we face, the greater opp'nity we have to grow and develop as ppl.
Hi Zachary!!! Very good response to You obviously can't please, or satisfy everybody all the time unfortunely.
checking your math......and yes, you're right, 96! I do think you're closer to the truth on that...liquor included.
She puts the shot glass down, she asks for another round
shorts over tights look ridiculous. get some wind-blocking briefs and get over it, men. also: nobody's looking at your package.
Thanks for sharing, Jonathan - glad you enjoyed it!
Shoot the tv listings. Download to your computer and store in 'Misc 2011'. It's good to practice these organizational skills. Nice job!
Why hasn't anyone done a dubstep remix of Baby Beluga or Senor Don Gato?
BIO Asks House Committee on Ways and Means to Extend Critical Tax Provisions
If you want we can drum it tomorrow. Think about it!
yeah ik... but its so hard to time it rite
such a healthy habbit
Really Ohio State!? Really?!?
i miss
"How do you explain something that you can't even understand yourself?"
He better sat down
So amazing! Read all 3 books in a week and a half! : It's past my bedtime but I can't put down The Hunger Games! So addicted.
Archie has stopped carrying fezes?!? :(
Where ever is...it's always LIVE! #LastDayOfSkoolParty May18th @ zodiac lounge (6135 Mt.moriah) MO info contact @ 2651396
who is Romney's main foreign policy adviser?
There is some serious #techno and #housemusic floating around here Twitter. Officially in love
that's fun. way to go!
Fletcher Cox
I'm in! // RT : Twitter chat TODAY (Wed) with bloggers from Tanzania. 2PM EST / 1PM CST.
Always do your best. What you plant now, you will harvest later. Og Mandino
I can't take it being sick is hard but being sick almost everyday kills me 2 know I can't do anything! #WhyMe?
MT : Just saw movie #weneedtotalkaboutkevin #tildaswinton. Difficult to watch but brilliant performances & an important film.
Yes, music was UNBELIEVABLE. 2 secs from Z... :-)
Mrs. Romney again starring in "Clueless."
RT In past two weeks Tebows played 5 great minutes last week and about 3 good minutes today The rest has been simply dreadful
Pre-game bitches
I didn't realize the time, please tweet it again
Just got done at ! What a great store
"lower-back muscle contusion" = bruise
Thank you to the guy in front of me on my run. #yesIwasracingyou and yes I won.
The boat I was on sunk... And I drowned :/
Damn we got some sellout ass friends
hahaha that's amazing!!!
Maybe the 2nd coolest shoes ever. EVH Converse can’t be topped!
What should I read next? Just started Ian McEwan's "Solar" and love it. Dude is hilarious.
No The Worst (Its Me Not You)
My Moms am idiot !
You post awesome tweets everyone should follow you!
Shoutout to new followers Check out #webseries trailer at CigaretteCinemas.com
"I'll ask Megan. She'll know." KARAACK. That's the sound of Don's generational chasm widening.
: by the end of 2012 should be producing more video than local TV stations
You are very lordly lately with your magnificent mane. :)
Why do thesse chinese people follow me?.
Great guest. RT : Tmrw David Carr () of on old media, new media, the future of newspapers & how he uses
Nice discussion of zombie lit at the
If you missed it-7 yr old fan at gets visit from 2 of his favorite players. 11pm.
bet that I'll get up with u homie
Only two kinds of people should be allowed to wear berets (without irony): professional illustrators and special forces.
The whole Madmen intro is awesome (as was its first scene with the trapped fly)
Lmao that was nasty af i was scared
hello there, the angel from my nightmare.
Please Follow Back Its My All Time Wish Other Than Meeting You Of Coures!(: #NeverSayNever xoxo follow back :D
I'm tired as hell
i will. again ty. means so much 2 me. long battle will keep everyone updated as much as i can. <3 #bhloveisstrong!
I just realized how embarassingly funny military ball is gunna be.....lolol c:
I'M GOING IN. SEE YOU IN TWO HOURS.
GRCH new website up & running. www.girlsrockhouston.org. check it out!!
I'll look into it, thanks, Michael!
How about just attaching it to our emails? I'll DM you my email address.
the bbc has also written extensively about their "semantic web" use; if you haven't seen it, it's v. cool stuff.
cheers. Let me know if you're ever in the Bay.
ugh I love Glee lolol
We've Only Got 4 Minutes To Save The World
It's Joan of Arc's 600th birthday! I plan to celebrate as I always do. Sad, alone & burning at my own existential stake. Have a great day.
It's birthday today isn't it? So how old is the amazing mixerman?
i think hussain forgot to mention my birthday dinner as well (; hahaha
ice cold budlight with lime sounds so good right now!! Or a shot of whisky to kick this cold's butt!
People need to grow up and realize that they have responsabilities now
shut up
I wanna be able to look into your eyes and see forever.
Oh noes! She might have written my book. I'll have to check it out.
Redneck Woman coming on the radio is the only thing that can distract me from this terrible terrible headache
Happy First Day of March!
Might have to watch Match of the Day tonight, haven't done that for 20 years.
#DJ ing and sipping on #water, watching the #Clippers make a comeback.
Who's ready for some night time swimming and SYDNEY BLU tonight at The Fly!!?
The more I workout the more I want fatty foods lol <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>
Watching Transformers circa 1985 on #thehub.....I LOVE this channel....next is old school #GIJoe....and the #Jem :)
you too!! Sorry for the quick exit. #shadybounce hope to see you again soon!
We can help you with any number of cleaning projects---spring is right around the corner---give us a call for a free estimate
5 more #Followers until 100!! Help us reach our #goal!
Help is always good. Let me know :-)
Mike Epps one of the funniest niggaz out
meme of the day is
In the mood for Red Crab Goat Cheese Rangoons, Kalua Pork Trio and PB & Jelly Ice Cream Sandwich Minis all for $30? Yes plz!
Another placement today.
The Collection blog will have lots of new posts this week, so please come check us out!
Or the Javascript version NaH (Not a Horse).
What's everyone doing this Friday night!?
ORLANDO vs STEAK - BBQ Baked Beans = M :D
Need a flexible, adaptable education system
In the last month I've used a third of the natural gas that I used the same period last year. Thanks, weather!
The Enders rocked it on Saturday Night. Hopefully you got to be there!
A1: Selling widgets thru print, might target diff. populations but message same: Buy my widget.
not at all. Sometimes supervisors hope to be out sick too! :)
Don't lol we couldn't find our way back to I95
YO FOLLOW ME IT'S MY BIRTHDAY!!!!!
I love bacon, but I've been on pancetta like Jesus on a tax collector lately.
I WISH.
Morning world rise and grind.....time waits for no man......
Everything is terrible, but everyone is good.
Good evening everyone! back from city loop, Beautiful sunny weather, time for a break at the beach ;)
Ladies should keep their circle tight alone with their pussy!
Staring into the grid abyss
Up too earlyy.. -_ PACKING FOR DISNEY TIME <3
oh no
We hope the New Year is starting well for everyone. Cheers to a Bright and Prosperous 2012!
#YouKnowYouSoftWhen when you let your girl run you bahahaha
Get your tickets this weekend to see and to the best comedy show in Las Vegas
4 entries will be picked at 4 pm today!
Types of Users: What can I get right now? vs. I need to find everything written on a topic
RT : CTA: Start w/ a blank canvas that gets filled with understanding your connected consumer says
Between The Sheets #80 - Dirty Little Secrets
I might....maybe he can move in with Hank, and become his annoying roommate...
' Cause your all I want, your all I need , your everythingg ' <U+2665>
Omg, okay, I'll clean the rest of my room tomorrow. <U+3160><U+3160>
Here's what Im missing: 5 Grammy's, 5 Billboard Awards, 5 American Music Awards and 3 Multi-Platnium albums. I had BIG dreams yo:)!
Thank you for sharing my tweet.
De Graaf: In every other civilized country, healthcare is a matter of right. Again, the crowd cheers.
what's his name? (:
I think dangers beard made more money that I did when I worked at PXY :)
you don't follow me yet! Lol
RT : Social media is a 24-hour news cycle.
Delicious food, delightful company, and 20 bottles of wine over the course of the day... magnificent!
That Sunday feeling where you know you have school tomorrow. <
Thanks for the RT Janet! Have a great day:)
Tonight might be the night i make it so lets live it up and don't regret it at all.
“: I try and play hard for NY as John Starks did bak in the day! It was super dope to have him at the game tonight"
Need my pillow pet
#EveryoneHasThat1Friend they like little bit more than friends.
I got an infinity love tattoo on my wrist!! I'll put up a picture in a little bit=)
Live stream of tonight... Gratitude, inspiration, awe, hope for humanity if this greatness is in us.
Our pleasure! RT : Picking up a SLK for the weekend. Thanks Euro for your support of MBCA members. (@ EuroMotorcars Bethesda)
Trig was adopted?
And, I love 'Landmarks' too... so let's just say I love all that you do. ;)
i'm not a veg. Anymoree so no ahaha
“: Boston Bruins goalie Tim Thomas refusing Obama's invitation to the White House for "political reasons." #TFM”
Lolz, so funny!
Ah, my favorite day to work in Boston... Patriots Day (aka Boston Marathon Day) is a holiday & my annual put-the-sweaters-away day.
I really dnt have nun nice to say so I'ma just ignore that text
Swimming is the best therapy for mind, body, soul and 3 screws in your foot!! :)
I stayed up for 8 hours watching every. single. one. of videos. I realized I have not moved pretty much the entire time. n_n
tryna get to where you at
S/o to my new follower
what a beautiful party, we hope you had fun!
Saz's State House "Burger of the Week" is a stacked Jalapeno and Cream Cheese Burger with our own onion strings! :P "The Finest!"
Happy 26th birthday to the best big brother in the world!
Thank you everyone for a wonderful day! See you tomorrow for another great day! Dj Girl 6 on the tables tomorrow. Let's do this!!!
It's 43 degrees this afternoon in Columbus. A steady wind of 40 MPH. But my day just became awesome.
I love you, mom!!
Don't even want to think about the reshelving nightmare the elementary school library must be. Ha.
hey trash that just backed into me & ran, if i thought had more than child care payments & insurance, it's your day. asshole.
happy birthday!!!! I love you<3
well keep you posted on any jobs we have for some comic artists Dont forget to check us out at portland comic book show nov13
HAHAHAH! Oh my gosh. That's precious. I love you so much Emily. Oh man.. What are you on??
Watching Oscar winner Ed Harris dance away in "Creepshow." What's that weird move he does on the way to the record player?
I know! Amazing isn't it! :) & thanks for the kind words about my website. :)
Hi Julie, so glad you like it! Nice to meet you (well, inasmuch as Twitter counts as meeting someone.)
thank you for following!
These days I'm more concerned about the entertainment-industrial complex than I am about the military-industrial complex.
They need to pay as much money as necessary to get the old NBA on NBC theme song.
follow back"
=O Mind Blown! knows =) does this mean he knows they should collab a vid, it would make my Year!
Home, cell, smart, PHONE/TABLET - When they invent a phone that folds out to a tablet, it will be the next PHONEvolution. Bendable glass!
Time for bed :) had a great time with babe!!
Sometimes I think more creativity is put into muffin recipes than into the rest of society combined.
Boston is the greatest sports city in the world! 7 championships in the past 10 years. #RedSox (2), #Pats (3), #Celtics (1), #Bruins (1)!
Goal of program is to change student special ops idea of success- from kills to working with local population in combat areas
355 days since my last funny tweet.
My Princeton is turning 15!! YaaaY!! Happy Early Birthday Princeton... (its not 12:oo yet) <33
Man there's so many talented artist that Ive heard, it makes me wonder why VA aint gettin more looks..
I just watched your youtube videos and you're a really good singer! :)
Hi Everyone! We hope to have dates out soon for both the spring Ladies Rock Camp and the summer sessions of Girls Rock Camp. Stay tuned!
1st night of NYE run was incredible! thank you.
What if scooter gave up on trying to get in contact with Justin back in 08-09.. We would never have Justin.. Thank you <3
On blocking/filtering Internet access - "Let's not build a fence around the pool, let's teach kids how to swim."
Keep up the good work over there, we like what you guys are doing.
Follow me I love you
Jazz genre today <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B5><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B5>
Make a plan, do your best and give the rest of God.
LMFAO grow up. RT : And Lord, bless this crawfish my body is about to receive. <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
If the #Brewers get beat Kotsay and #Suppan today, I'm selling the rest of my 20 pack.
Its almost my b-day!!! :D
Im on that uncharted 3 too!!! i just past that part!!! its about to get really interesting!!!!
An error doesn't become a mistake until you refuse to correct it
My resume says I'm 2 over qualified to jus kick it....I'm wife material...
Finally home...
I know what it is
that link was about your profile not the pic
Oh man, you did that right!
follow back ?
Nope but I'll be back Monday/Tuesday
And field trip requests are in before the deadline. I rule.
aw hi! thank you so much (you are awesome!) :):)
sometimes I wonder if that'd be better because going to a ghetto school in the city was more fun than this -_-
If everyone was rich, then nobody would want to do the hard dirty common labor jobs? Who would collect our thrash? Who would grow our food?
how's the new gig?
wow, Kenny I wish I'd have gone, but instead, I was recording all day...I keep missing ur gigs, so sorry :(
UGH GOSH ITS BEEN SOO LONG & THE DAY STILL HASNT COME I TWEET YOU EVERYDAY ASKING FOR A FOLLOW & YOU NEVER FOLLOW ME:( </3
Before the new year theres no better way than whatch the top 100 videos of 2011 on BET
Not a lot. Just in bed watching Predators. Yourself?
Where is the weirdest place you've ever played the drums???
Almost too 300 followers and 700 tweets!!!
Lunch with before the #PRSA media breakfast tomorrow!
Time to catch up on writing! :)
Very dark. I hope that person talks to a CAPS counselor.
Singing a five pm concert this Sunday Eve at first CRC in Sibley IA. Also Maurer trio at 630pm
hope all is well
Hangovers. That's why.
What's going on in #china right now?!!!
I hate tears
You're getting a payback on software just by the money you will save in credit-card fees.
I know you don't smoke weed... I know this... But I'm gonna get HIGH today... Cause it's..... Finish the line!! Let's see who knows the rest
thanks! Oh my bad, I meant like I'm a "mess" and mine as well get more. Lol
RT : #RedCross response vehicle en route to #virginiatech to support emergency responders. Our thoughts are with the campus
We sure could use a lot more fat women drivers cruising around our roadways in huge gas guzzling SUVs. "I feel safer!"; woman. Fuck off..
you're a jerk
I am trying to get someone to reply to me to answer some questions about your custom domain service...anyone there?
Since I didn't give u guys a good and long enough chapter today. I'm going to write another chapter (: Thanks Topeople that read it <3
true! I'm so excited!!!!! I dunno why,though. Cause I know I'll be depressed after watching it,just as I do when I read it. Hah
regional rankings, OWU was fourth before Woo loss and Wabash upset helped them huge.
If all you do is tweet about yourself with a link to your site, then its not SOCIAL for you or your followers. Its ADVERTISING.
#AmericanIdol 2012 is now down to 2 singers(spoiler alert) Jessica & Phillip.
Two more finals left...
PRETTY BUSY AT WORK- TURBO MODE!
Sorry I'm hungover on your birthday mom.... 6th street wins once again
Looks like the 5d Mark I rumors are swirling...wonder if they'll up the ante on the fps this time around?
yes sir you got it
wish the gym would offer this upgrade: wheelchair ride to your vehicle on Leg Day......just sayin.
Listening to future and just thinking while texting Tasha.... Side eye m...
I want you to feel the same way I as do
How did we watch the #NFLCombine before and #NFLNetwork!
Awe don't be depressed! We miss you! RT : I wish I still lived here. Your tweets depress me.
City all the way, screw United
of course. Great story! Another example of the positives of using social media
True, but this team is still not as good on paper as they were a month ago with Gamel & Gonzalez, even if the slumps end.
One of our editors asked a Sixth Grade student at 10:30 AM to write a post for today. He willingly said yes! Can't wait to see his creation!
I'm worried about Hailey.
How I wish I don't have to go through all these crap so that everything would be okay between us
I Finished Writin..
DMX still goes in.
“: That awkward moment when you're drunk & automatically become an amazing dancer. #ThingsIDoWhenImDrunk” <--
Juridica today posted full year results -- a 20.9% increase in NAV per share to US$2.25 and a 578% rise in profits to US$12.9 million.
I'm an Airman, ma'am. ...I acted, stopped for years. Served. Then approached it like an apprenticeship, like my military career.
I'd like a plane to skywrite my twitter handle. If not, I'll take letting me know if you hear anything =)
"Paul's Boutique" is one of the best albums of all time. A meshing of jazz, rock, awesome sampling, all against great lyrics.
Watched you video good stuff. I plan to write a book in the future will definitely keep your courses in mind. I love to write
gonna have to get that #25 nike here soon...in with the new!
#IfIHadItMyway I will truly make this world a better place!
indeed...liked the idea of a good "offense" by telling strong stories so as to avoid appearing defensive when brand is "attacked"
Partly Cloudy and 69 F at Chicago/O'Hare, IL Winds are Northeast at 12.7 MPH (11 KT). The pressure is 1022.5 mb and the
new fan fic up tonight? i think yes
we gave hulu plus a shot, too many commercials.. a lot of content only plays on the web only and the movie selection is weak.
I'm waiting on that magnificent day that you follow me.
Were they doing $1 beers at fan fest before the Magic games? Drunk fans=loud fans.
I'm a Mexican giant. So when I fall, I fall
Having a "z" or an "x" in your name automatically makes you cool
Drawing my boo friend and my brudder and sissy something your gonna love the finished product (:
Woman at my table: "oh look, one of the speakers is from EBSCO" Me: "Hello! That's me!" Good morning #upabos12, EBSCO is hiring.
Major power outage in White Hall area, apparently -- about to shut down the router etc. Good old Dominion Virginia Power, sigh.
A friend told me that I burn the candle at three ends. How true, how true.
I think only one journal article made it into my reading suggestions for next week, but it was hard to choose!
#prezi it is!
I bet Bubba Watson is celebrating his victory with Larry the Cable Guy at Augusta's finest all you can eat catfish establishment right now.
I know, huh? He doesn't even deserve to say the word.
That wasn't me girl. That was the tweet magic of and it has been deleted. Forever.
Can someone bring a Keg to the videoshoot June 2nd in Charlotte?? Shot by
I hope your version of Macbeth will be filmed at some point?
#DBTFTW! Guys like prove that not all guys are the same!!! Congrats.
Feels so good to be reunited with my best friend in Columbia!!
Finally home ^_^
so stressed
*waves* RT : Raise your hand if you don't want to be awake right now.
Yay! RT : Just 45 minutes until weekly #winchat with this week also and giving away a PC!
still drawing little tiny lines. over and over again..so much netflix...
New Music comin next week! I make
Watching a documentary on understanding the universe Crazy affff
Best of luck to you!
Time to dance it up, and a chance to win stagecoach tickets. I love incahoots
DIANNA YOU FLAWLESS ANGEL!!!!!!
where you see that?
Taco #2 - al pastor. Delicious!
yeah, they would build it MongoDB and make it open source for all. Lol...
why cant I be a normal person!?/: my leg just twitched.
Celebrating my manuscript submission Restaurant. Woohoo!
I desperately need to travel and go away from this place ..
I know. Man. I ran out. I'll get some more tomorrow morning. My knuckles look like I rolled them in baby powder.
will be out tonight between 6th and 7th Street on Walnut...
. I think must've said something to about something I told you. It was awkward.
Real housewives of atl reunion! Nene is out of control She needs a dildo in her mouth so she can shot up
NPR analysis of Romney's health-care views, on air right now, hinges on differences in hardcover and paperback jacket copy.
ck us us out.
When your hourglass runs out of sand you can't flip it over and start again
For some odd reason, I find it strange that Goldman Sachs is on Facebook and Twitter. Does someone flip a coin to see who posts? oh, well.
Indigo Vanity a female jerker who takes pride in what she is
Order sent yesterday to Michael in NJ!
Ayyyeee, nice fall! (:
Holiday song of the day at Avatar's office - Dean Martin - Let it snow!
Just got done watching #MDLNY So bummed it's the season finale! Be back soon and have a great summer!
i wish windows would render fonts as awesomely as mac os
Today will be a day for pampering, I need my hair washed deperately, It's been two weeks. (Sighs)
get a camera well make the ill scoot videos
Cheers Ken! I hope your week is going well so far. Mine just got better thanks to a beautiful Méo Camuzet Bourgogne Blanc!
I am looking for recommendations for visualization/archive tools for twitter hashtags. Please?
Agree! Lovely story; thanks.
Only parents have the right/responsibility to bar a child from particular information
hoping to win some of that
Hey! Are you coming to the Friends dinner? We need to know by tomorrow at the latest.
Who To Follow suggestions are a worthless mix of mediocre celebrities and others with next to no connection to my interests.
MY BUTTONS AREN'T STICKY ANYMORE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I HEARD YOU COULD PUT PEROXIDE ON IT...THANK YOU LIZZIE!!!!!!!!!!
Ugh too good to be true I guess. Now I feel like a moron.
i think the delta probate is today...im so excited XD
- Is whole wheat pasta something I can incorporate? Should I look to rice pasta instead?
NOT a fan of Atl traffic....been sitting on this ramp for 25 mins and counting!
Sittn thru rehearsal for 'The Odd Couple' My bro travis is vinnie.
Trivia at the Highlands Ranch Applebee’s (8292 S. University Blvd.) tonight! It all goes down at 9:00 p.m.!
RT : Video of the team that worked on our #RHoK challenge. Intro by Great event by &
In times like these I can never tell if its a panic attack or my depression setting in
!!! RT : Nobody cares bitch
The International Beauty Show has too much to see! Top hair care & skin care brands are demonstrating their products and new lines
Omg headache!! No more going out until a long time too much alcohol
best advice I've heard all day. I'm with you.
Coco crisp is a real name?!
you already know friend...I was looking for you the other night
One thing this semester about some writing was that it was a "bad information dump". LOL
TRAFFIC ALERT: Several miles of backup NB on the "I" from Hwy 30 on up to MM134 due to semi crash. Use alternate routes to bypass.
While you were sleeping provided a big brother or sister to help guide a kid in the right direction
Your stupid
sounds yummy! Merry Xmas!
I wanted to go to the nail shop tho!
A few, including the Mayor, have been recalled. Problem is, more corrupted Cubans are lined up right behind them w/ hands out
Yeah, that effed up plot about treacherous sadcores <I dig that> Just left ETA at Aliante w/ a pint of pale ale in me belly.
With all of the NC hate flowing around the intertubes, I may just pretend I still live in Georgia until another state does something stupid.
Thank you for the RT!
This talk right now at 's >>>>
is my idol!! How perfect is she!! Love love her!!!
for now it will have to work! how was work?
Just got a copy of the Wall Street Journal!!! It's the diary of some guy named Jake from the #occupy protests.
Lilyhammer what a great show--talk about character development! And I thought Norway? No way!
What do you think the chances are Mark Lyons comes to Arizona? What do you think it would mean for the Cats??
ah, Hi guise (:
Morning Los Angeles!
im doing ball-in-a-bucket, and tug-a-war yup fourth year in a row for both events :D
Sadly, true.
Hey sleep would be great right now.
skip it!
lakers will choke
LOL, so I heard she got her ass beat today. Dumb bitch deserves it.
Hi Greg, I'm enjoying your writeups on the Glad you were able to stop in at HQ. It's one of my favorite places.
We will never know all of #God. Always #seek another side of Him! He has plenty to show you!
Great dunk by the Jegos Center!
I would be ok with that but would probably prefer margarita or vodka cranberry. : )
#ifyouknowmeyouknow I love God, my Pug, and #Boston. I created and I'm looking for a new
I would!(:
So cool!!!! =} Tmoney never seemed so intense :)) lol
Hello sir, I was referred to you by hope all is well God Bless!
check the last email we sent out to all candidates for full info
Get ready for Tonight! Guest List Arrive Early, we will hit capacity! Tables are Highly Suggested!
i don't want house food tho,,,
#ThingsMyMotherSays "Why Do You Have A B In Math?" Mom.... Have You Heard Of Derivatives And Limits? Fuck Calculous -.-
Love is so cliché.
OH: "Just try not to occupy the same space at the same time as I am."
Going on a spiritual journey this summer
“: I've been called the songbird of our generation by those who have heard me www.brysonjennings.com” good stuff
Yesterday was pretty trippy, we seriously walked like 10 miles hahaha
He said don't worry everything is water proof!!! O_o
World peace????
I have no issue with gay marriage...what I do have an issue with is STUPID PEOPLE and country folk who marry their cousins!
Oops, okay? You looks looks pretty cool huh ... XD
April showers bring May flowers...Wait I guess it's a little early???? It's not to early to get your Easter treats! See you soon!
3 points for the 7th time this season! Still undefeated & still on top of the league. Good game by
been lagging it on my hw lately...
Wendy thanks for the RT
Who are you to doubt Mayweather? Does it again.
CLUB TiKAY GONNA BE LiVE ON SATURDAY SEPTEMBER 10TH
I'm upset I'm going to bed
I just want 2 C a local agent actually write about why it is a good time 2 buy. Not just re-post national msn.co articles.
Behind every strong organization/person is a strong diet. Ha your past few tweets were all about greeaat food!
I'm part of an unintentional "how many nights of interrupted sleep can one have before going crazy" test this week. Day 4: Sanity waning.
I was on Russian Dolls show, on Xfactor, on America's Got Talent. I feel I need to share my interesting experiences. Book?
in case you didn't hear, we have $1.99 MEDIUM CHEESE PIZZAS from but hurry- the deal ends tonight!
Let's go OKC!!!
Welcome to TweetVille! Everyone should follow these guys - awesome products!
Charging at Monday with full force and looking forward to our lunch time yoga break already!
you make me proud to be an American
Thanks for the follow - can't wait to try your new service!
They're bring back the Hollywood Squares as Hip Hop Squares? I can't wait!
WHERE is this. #gorgeous. And Haha my first pick would be a London apartment
Welcome to the South Loop! We'd love to feature you on our blog to inform our residents! Can we contact you for more info?
sounds good to me
That is really sad! “: I'm glad to see Mitt hasn't backed down and has put on his shortlist for VP.”
she told me yesterday that it was about lexy
Saturday Night Live UP!! DJ Cut & Huggie inside, BIg Worm on the patio. Hip Hop, R&B,TOP 40 and Old School for your enjoyment!!
damn since when did you start sleeping thru the nights?
back from math class, time to get organized, do my laundry, work on math homework, pack my bags, sleep, then ball state tomorrow!
Great meeting you tonight!
Hey there fellow Tweeters! Remember, to wrap those pipes for the winter! This will save you the possibility of a flood from broken pipes!
it always appears that way!
anytime young princess and appreciate you boo
It was wonderful to speak yesterday at the North Shore Conference, your an amazing group of successful women...to follow up an learn more...
omg stop cracking me up! I miss your craziness! <3
To the girls not wearing yoga pants at the gym...FIGURE IT OUT!!!
where is that?
Hm....sounds familiar! !
lmfao at you
#thestreakcontinues - ZERO. Read that again: Z-E-R-O. "Not ever" shortens to N'EVER. Goose-egg. Nada. (Oh, when will it ever end...) Never.
plone templates in fall? not everyone has weighed in and many are going to press for libguides
aw thank you so much!
I told him that I didn't like basketball but listened to him all the time.
Finally starting to feel a bit normal again..
hey What's that app called that tells you the people you follow but don't follow you back????
OMG I saw that on Friday night!! Its super good. The director and Genesis were at my theater too.
Tune in to news tonight as I weigh in the proposed rate hike/service cuts. Investigative journalism at its finest?
Not sure if I am ready for the weekend to be over yet...
Chippewa, Eau Claire, Clark, Dunn Co's (parts of): Kristen Dexter is the *Real Dem* in Senate District 23! Vote Tuesday, May 8!
RT wanna stay n Dallas until youre outta cash? No place to hide, &theyre comin at you from every angle?>>Hide out at Dallas Ritz
I bet everyone who says they really like salmon is just doing it to be cool. Its the hipster of fish
Tis a series of very unfortunate events.
Hey who wants a #followback ? <U+2665>
it was fun loved it
I have the weirdest dreams after i take NyQuil...
Tonight is the night!!!
more than happy to!
I can smell pasta getting ready....must be another festival coming up. www.wvihf.com Allegro performs on Sat Sept 3 @ 4pm Main Stage!
lol that's funny and you know it bet it get you Followers
now step up & make it a federal government civil rights issue like racism is. States are not arbiters of who gets human rights.
Some people need to grow the hell up already. GET YOUR SHIT TOGETHER...your priorities are mixed up...work comes first, then play
email and she'll take care of it xx
Lol at these people playing pattycake at the stateline
text me back
Cinco de Mayo = Mucho FUN! Please remember to Party Responsibly!
The words "supplemental draft" still scare me since the Giants used a 1st or 2nd to snag Dave Brown, QB,Duke
Read several of "The Canterbury Tales" to round out one hell of busy week in my British Literature class. Oh, that Chaucer -- he's so racy.
Artists, donors & organizations are unlikely to push for change in museums; it comes from communities. -Doug Borwick
Who's ready for school to start???? Mom is :)
I think I reflect sunlight
yep, watching the game right now. =]
One day I'll thank myself for studying so hard... But right now it's kicking my butt
<U+261D> my biggest lie ever .. " yeah! I remember last summer !! "
RT : "Did you save a ton of money by switching to Geico? Then buy some art." Part of the reTweet series by Deb Kracht...
Drunk Driver kills teenager in car crash bond 1mill Man shoots and kill teen on purpose bond 150k .... Wow
I feel like a creep just sitting in mcdonalds by myself .....
Well yeah, I'm sure in business class!
Headed to Rafters
Die. Just go away
Deals Exeter: Up to 75% Off at Martins Cleaning Services from Groupon MyCityDeal
Something I tell my students: red ink is good. It means your story is big enough to have room to grow. Not every story is.
.....Signs. I meant signs.
Dancing and running around in the rain!! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Tuesday TY's going out to: and of course,
Although chocolates have endured for centuries, numerous individuals still adore consuming them
Yeah, it's gotta be a rough day for you. Smh.
Dr. Bagnato is giving attendees much research and best practices for better child development & educational well being.
100th tweet goes to cl And my Home Run ball tonight!
The whole idea is to see how much emotion and inner life actors can give their characters.
All you 4am or sleepless twitches ( I was up as well): we should all do coffee and a Danish next time
300 followers and counting...Thank you #Chicago! Let's celebrate with #bartab drinks tonight!
RT : There's a big difference between putting a video up on YouTube and letting them watch it live -
Pacific Sands has an interesting product line. Do you have an open house scheduled?
Homework Sucks! Dx
And add #supermoon night to the mix and you get some really weird shit! Hahaha!
Want a bit of Friday fun? Google 'Bloomberg careers' and read the description on the first result. Seriously. It won't disappoint!
Funny thing about today - I got to inbox zero and then left the office....
Loadin' on stage, game time @ The Lodge 1pm
I do love my job though!
BEYOND ready for Graduation <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Wow, have we hit 1 hour already???
Too cold for outdoor exercise? Try indoor cycling, pilates, or the barre method! All are excellent calorie burners.
what's your Gameday Specials? You're quiet on the twitter front.
Don't let the bastards get you down.
MURFC returns to the road this weekend as they take on UW-Platteville in Platteville,Wisconsin!
I ditched to go to Burger King before beat that :/ lol
I'm the type of person that tries to fall back asleep in the morning just to finish a dream.
I don't like the fact that boys just sit there and think its okay to mess with girls feelings .
that was the first tweet all day that made me LOL. I love it...
I feel like my life was taken away from me
Just a few hours until Builda the Re-Bicycler comes out for iPad...and it'll be free for the first 24 hrs!
best wishes today...make it count for yourself and others...
#Cuts4aCause is quickly approaching!! Make your appt today and help out these great organizations!!!
TRAVEL CH.! Put some maple syrup on that shit
Mercy rule if Inge homers.
The two most beautiful words in the English language are 'check enclosed' Dorothy Parker
Why thts so sad
- That's a great video with Chris Westfall. Thx for sharing!
OK, you need to password protect your wireless router because wo/ a password ANYONE can pick up your wireless internet signal.
Today sports wear shall be Fairfield PE :p
did you watch the Winter Classic Saturday night? It was awesome!
Brand new fragrances by Caudalie! Perfect for summer!
my duckies are getting so big.):
Which nhl team did taylor green hate growing up? Plus #cubs manager dale sveum on his return to MKE on the on deck show at 6!
sounds good man. Ill hit you.
I adore clothes, I adore drinking. I just don't have the time or the inclination to totally indulge in it - Christine Baranski
I got Jones. U?
after a sweaty and emotional game, knocked me off my throne...where he reigns as the current Fantasy Land ping pong champ
I did the same thing. Told my wife we're lucky, it could've been much worse! LOL!
Right? *love*
a fresh new beach cottage look |
HI BEAUTIFUL. When you coming over again? I need a good shavin(;
road dogg, hacksaw, skip sheffields character, triple h
I'm floored by the quality of the work by the Visual Communication Design students at OSU.
Add cayenne to hummus or soup to spark your metabolism and burn more calories.
I love your website! I think I will become a member later tonight.
Quest is much better!!!
“: If your screen name has the number 69 in it, you're going to jail.”
you're so gross! Lady doesn't want you to wield your sword anywhere near her!
God it's gonna be a hot one today. Good day to see a movie after work.
...stay here and get the stuff kicked out of us or we can fight our way back into the light. We can climb out of hell. One inch, at a time.
Don't tell me what to do.
harvested jerusalem artichokes! planted brassicas (collards, kale). gorgeous day for gardening!
Wow...almost got knocked down by a air life chopper..save 1 hurt another...ty
My dog squealed when her paw got stuck behind her ear while scratching. I have never seen her hurt herself. Time to brush!
You know what I love? Finding bras that fit on the clearance rack. Woohoo!!! #2dollarbra :)
Get a Les Paul and a Crate 212 with effects
“We are journalists regardless of where we are.”
Home girl really want me to go to the strip club with her but i grown out that shit years ago.
in play, out(s) RT i should have said i can't watch...on the gameday app.
sometimes i wish i was into the use of blackmail. fortunately i'm classy. UNFORTUNATELY karma is not.
Give me attention; I need it now.
CRASH: Hwy 217 NB just prior to 99W- traffic backed up to I-5 prior to Carmen Drive
I like how the concept video glasses are always so stylish but the functional ones are closer to motorcycle helmets
give me a sec. twisting the forget me stick up...lmao (MEGAmind)
My baby never really like Happy meals They pissed him off from 9mns- 2 at 3 he just want the toys and apples anything else is trashed Im o_O
you already know!
"Nothing tastes as good as skinny feels" ...Happy Birthday Kate Moss!
With your free account you have access to our community forum to provide you assistance in getting your Tshirt biz up and running on
Today’s personal devotion: #Power in moving to higher ground.
What of I was an Irish Carrot. Now would Louis love me?
I'm using your sweater as minnie's bed for now, hope you don't mind :p
YOU GO CHRIS MANN. YOU DA MAN.,
just fell off the couch laughing. feel better. I was starting to get pissed.
Thanks for the mention, Kent!
its the Balotelli Aura!!
At the end of one, the #Mavericks lead the #Clippers 27-19 in our Game of the Night.
LA CLIPPERS! BLAKE GRIFFIN. NUFF SAID.
I scratch under my cat's chin then kiss her forehead a billion times and she doesn't try to run away because the scratching feels so good.
That was not hooking!!!
I think I have a job will see wat happens Monday volunteer 2 start but eventually a paid position @ an assisted living house very excited :)
Hate when people put "OG EVERYTHING" when the shoes came out last month.
Leaving for Natural Products Expo West in Anaheim, CA...
But on Sunday I got free street parking directly in front somehow. Magic.
Thanks for the follow Sarah Pinto (pinniesp)! :)
always waiting for Journey, Styx, Alabama and Metallica. Yes I am strange.
": Youre opinion only matters to me if you do."
Eduardo Corral and Jose Antonio Rodriguez have been mentioned by Christian Wiman...and recent poems of his
- Hey Mark, I'm looking for someone with strong IIS / web admin skills for a full-time role...up to 75-80K. Know anyone?
lol it's a teen party and after this theirs a club party
- Thx for the support my friend. Much appreciated!
RT : Its saddens me that its so hard to create new jobs that are healthy for americas future, but jobs of war take no time at all...
So proud of my Sr dancers tonight. They rocked the stage and showed what they love to do. I am so inspired by each and every one of you. Xox
8 Mile & Denver/LA game
Thanks for spreading the word and helping #anhkc increase awareness
Hope Everyone Is Enjoying Their Day <3
maybe we get some lunch if you are free
blackberries are not toys.
Sophomore year is almost over and I wouldn't change a thing about it! I've enjoyed every bit of it!
Nice! Keep up the good work on social media
Lay your heart down the ends in sight.
Are you knocked up? RT : I'd really like to stop throwing up.
Some niggas ain't got no shame
Keep your friends close, enimens ever closer. Because not everybody is your friend.
up to anything fun today?
Watching #formulaD with my daughter. She's not really interested. :(
Babe is home!!! Weekend commence!
theres always time you just say
Oh no. My coworker is supposed fly to Dallas this afternoon and head up to OKC. I hope flights are getting out.
are you going to the Met Ball? Will we see pictures??
Thanks for the RT Kathy! Have a great Tuesday!
So far classes don't seem so bad...
Thanks for following me. What a cool concept! Really happy to hear about you guys. Look forward to trying it out!
Next week is my last week of school. <3 thank god.
Only 10 years 10 hours ago the united states of america was under attack! god bless and #pray for the lives lost that day
Thanks to everyone who came out for the taste test @ SJSU! It was a lot of fun! Video coming up soon.
Sorry I forgot the come to the tilden dance with me
Hank Aaron is, and always will be, the true home run king. Period.
Follow us for a chance to win cool prizes every Wednesday! ps. #PhillyHunt Loves the
#Shrobble RT : whats that sound u make when u shit and throw up at the same time?
girl this don't make any sense. I took mines at the start of 3rd quarter. Sigh.
so tonight was pretty good..probably gunna watch some Kevin Hart now.<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
I guess that's why your name starts with ODD on here.
Clearly, karma is a slut.
You can't stand next to me and act like everything is alright between us...
lmfao omg i havent left yet!
no problem!!
I've come to the conclusion why cry over spilt milk, no one really cares but u!
I'm tired
Black Friday shopping with friends!
Come see me play tomorrow with members of Michael Buble's band tomorrow in Santa Monica. NO COVER! @ hotel-casadelmar.com
with the cake I had my eye on, and didn't get, but there is a carnival next year, I'll get another chance. I was 3 & 4, in Fircrest, Bill
recipe please?!
According 2 my middle.sch boys...Roland smith, IQ #2 "even BETTER than #1"
Prognostic factors of which | Health Center
the refs want to help the lakers beat the spurs???? i am shocked and appalled
That's ok, we've all been there. I've nipped at least 2 pieces of wood type with the Vandercook grippers in my day.
Staying at Pop's Lake for #phish at SPAC? I rented a school bus to get us there & back. Message me if interested. $20 round trip each nite.
Doing Virtual School-.-
Welp this is kool.....?????? Should of jus went home for this
Pitts says TX House won't be able to vote on SB 1581 until SB 1811 finished (perhaps with time to do calculations).
Is anyone elses house REALLY hot?!
I Figured the only way I'd beat you to the punch with #FF was to post it just after midnight, hee hee.
"so, what do you do?"
They were delicious, we ended up frying some and doing clam chowder with the rest
Okay I'm sad, sick and just making it even worse
Tell a bedtime story
Also check out #Appyhour...an hour devoted to apps, I'm in 2 conversations tonight , lots of learning :) , all archived
Boston vs. Philly in the playoffs! You ready?
There is a new product special, if you buy any two of our four featured products you get a free travel size of creme de coco shamp & cond!
. Excellent twitter 101 overview. Branding, picking an avatar, what to put on your bio, not freaking about yr # of followers
To be free to bless...you must be free from serving yourself...
I hope I cry through the entire episode!
yes soon :)
Why has "worldwide" been stuck in my head all day...
seeing what this muscle milk about...
At work so can't watch project or punk'd but that's why I have dvr first thing I'm watching when I get home..
Really down on for altering the future with its 2008 story: "Time Traveler: Everyone In The Future Eats "
Thanks for the replies, mentions, favorites and retweets last week:
inegrity is a core value of my organization...what is the meaning in a spiritual context?
Chyeah! Stay positive my dude.
The 2 "Carlsons" have made me ask - what makes a good team name? What was your favorite team name from the past?
Philly philly you make the others look silly
Windy day here in
Does your establishment have WiFi? I'm coming they #Appomattox on Monday.
This too shall pass.
suddenly my tweets about my meal seem insignifigant haha lol
I bought a blender, a 50 pack of straws, and a spatula to see if the cashier would joke that I was stir crazy. He didn't. I'm done living.
So I feel terrible that I haven't been doing any promoting lately! GLJ deserves better than that, so I'm getting back into this!
The biggest adventure you can take is to live the life of your dreams. ~ Oprah Winfrey
i must sayy being bakk in Cali feels good!
Increases invstmts in ed for things like #ESEA, #IDEA, #HeadStart, & the Child Care & Dvlpmnt Block Grant
The press has now coined Tebow as "God's Quarterback". I hope he's not the only one.
OMG man some times people
Accept the things to which fate binds you, and love the people with whom fate brings you together, but do so with all your heart...peace!
Checkout Interview with Brother Chris Johnson and see how Simba Changes lives Simba Camp 2011... not help us by donating...
Yes you were Did U see that Mark Emmert (PSU President) will be on the Scott Van Pelt show tomorrow?
Don't drink and drive - you might hit a bump and spill it. ~ Murphy's Law
I'll take 1% of your summer action again
and - promoting peace and harmony in the world! Let's Create Peace, Y'all!
that's good baby send me more pics
your body double had a big gainer. Mayo.
Gaga:"'Operation: KILL THE BITCH!" Me: "Operation: MEET THE BITCH!"
watch out! my dog got a hold of a rabbit once and a few days later we were dealing with tape worms coming out of her butt.
Trust is the glue that holds relationships together. The more you demonstrate trust in others, the more they will trust you.
Be careful out on the roads - Dane County Sheriff's Office will have extra deputies out looking for drunk drivers! 4 people busted ovenight.
Hello. Thanks for the follow. Happy #travels!
Yayayay! #superpumped RT : guess what? I get to see you today!!
its okay, turn to you is only my favorite song in the history of the universe, nbd
Demi Lovato Signs on to Judge 'X Factor': Demi Lovato has officially signed her deal and will be a judge on the next season of "The X...
Looking forward to seeing everyone at #eg12conf ! We'll be in the exhibits area!
Whether you like wine, beer, food truck treats, clothes, jewelry or people-watching, come to 57 Degrees tonight! 1735 Hancock, San Diego
natural causes ?
plans to babysit for tonight canceled what to do what to do
Must practice another 21 day retreat..... Breathe IN.... breathe OUT.... whoosaaa
another blessed day
Prime Rib Chili is back at Ward's! See you for lunch?
glad to hear! Where is home?
wtf is this
i made this account to support you! please follow me! im a big fan! <3 65
Both have great smiles! Thank you for following me <U+2665>
I always do eat pizza! RT eat some pizza!
w/ the babe .
excited to be going to Connecticut today to photograph the opening of the new store tomorrow in Westport!
Thanks :)) RT Happy Mother's Day Honey :)
she said the only time she get
Made homemade #pho for dinner and for the rest of the week
time for an iPhone :)
RT : How has jessica simpson still not given birth to this baby? I'm getting frightened.
God DON'T LIKE UGLY
Thanks for the follow. Following back!
I'd say a seminar, maybe. But I studied with Deborah Eisenberg, Denis Johnson, Marilynne Robinson-- it's a high bar for me.
Tomorrow is prom, time to start freaking out....yes!
I wish #oomf took German class with me so I could cut up with them about it!
Ouch! Thanks for the update. Was considering purchasing.
them!! Your killing me! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
getting ready for work .______. and it's going to be weird because im mad
It didn't say, but I assume so.
#Chiefs draft DT Dontari Poe with the 11th pick in the
Thx so much for the mention and RT!!!
#FF before Friday is over!
Heh. I bought my first real (canister, not upright) vacuum cleaner not that long ago—can you tell? :)
i told u it was gnna die
I'm lol'ing at the people in my class who think my outline is too "professional." Take an English class, for Christ's sake.
The guys from that new show on usa network are cute.
I'm glad 3 ppl r <33 u, my mom, and dad
Check out Springboard for female CEOs who have had successful exits. There are a lot who could speak @ the next #SVBCEO summit.
No one ever asks me to play anything like Brahms. Either I hang out with the wrong crowd, or my limitations are obvious.
hahahahaha is he in a speedo again?
"Oh you know I can't let you go...without tappin' dat ass...One. More. TIME!"
I hope it rains all night so I have a guaranteed amazing sleep
Love 1 another: for love is of God; & every 1 that loveth is born of God, & knoweth God. He that loveth not knoweth not God; 4 God is love.
Just made vegetarian stew for dinner! Yumm :)
is laying on my couch right now. I'm trying to sheep dog him into my bedroom, wish me luck.
Just You And I...c:
Nap time?
I LOVE THAT SONG
not bad ;)
See you there. BTW, I've interviewed you in the past at Eagles training camp in Bethlehem back-in-the-day.
OK, let me know.
#fathersday is so so so so soon. have you bought a gift yet? ditch the golf balls and bbq sets he's used to. surprise him. :)
yes, it's most important that we get the correct breakfast bars! How are you? #happyfriday xo
You can't teach passion. You can't fake hunger. When it comes time to burn w/ fire, to devour your muses and spit them out, you'll know why.
SF Flamencos! Don't forget to follow-up on your Perkville points... come to class, get points, collect points, get more classes!
Consider how joins families and #ECE services in a cohesive manner. Teaching parents = success in school.
What's up
Thugs in uniforms MT | MT I an important question that needs to be asked is: Are the right people becoming cops?
is this u michael?
damn right we do
m..Jones Cream Soda
Most Jews are for a safe Palestine. But we are also against terrorism and we need safe borders. We want peace for peace!
August Strindberg~ I love her and she loves me and we hate each other with a wild hatred born of love.
please follow me back:)
It's a sad day when you have nothing to talk about to your bestfriend.
$65 - $95 with limited GA dance floor tix. I think it sold out last year, but the show reviews I've read were less than positive
"I have to carry a lot of water because I'm an African American female scientist." - Shirley Malcom, AS.
Big ups to my youngest sister, Kim, who got un-deferred and into #Pitt, her number one choice!
man, good to see ya'll as crew
I hope karma slaps oomf in the face before I do.
Start a petition for Santa too while we're at it.
Hello spring!
Looking forward to ’s #Media Mixer tonight w/ , Gillian Flynn of and of !
Still got time to the black house 4 the cypher
Lmfao, I fucking adore Taeyang's brother; he's too cute!^^<U+2665>
my dad is huge fan, so I figured I would follow you. Plus I love to run. Oh yea I love eating vegan too.
Catching up on #Bones episodes, wee!
I would just translate it directly as Aiya.
ah i love spain! that's so exciting!
Banana Hair Smoothie Masque, gonna try it today.
DDMGiveaway RT this and be entered to win 2 tickets for Farmpark for Rail Roads in the Park May 5th or 6th!
hey all
The next 10 people to follow will get 100 followers by the end of the day LEGGO...........
I need food. Or drinks. But mostly food.
New articles posted as well as some improvements in Flogger Falls and the Main Site.
When lightning strikes the ocean why don't all the fish die?
absolutely delightful and out of this world!
Whew. Thank you, warning label. I was actually considering using my new floor lamp in the shower.
#jersey4sale Jual FC Barcelona Training Kit Size S,M
Wife left with kid. Empty house. All alone. Time for naked sit-ups and project runway.
I know y'all don't care but this game Design home is cool! I have a kid now in it
Thanks for being awesome enough to listen to #JackWhite!
doesn't need as much help as yours!
Happy 4/20 everyone!!! tonight in #Nashville and game 5 of playoffs go #Predators!!!!
#Frack it works just as well.
I'm finished the #HungerGames books what to read next?
if I get 130 followers,i will celebrate.Jus like when I hit 125 followers(three times)
Damn relationship shit, quit keeping me up girl!! #foreal now I can't sleep damn woman snores like TRex. Keep drinkin why she sleepin
So I ask my girl where are the spark plugs and she points at the dipstick <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Hello Seattle! Good to see you again so soon.
Once u kno how they make a movie...watching them are neva the same
so there are no other options but jersey shore?
I often confuse organic with eat as much as you want!
Who you are isnt what youre going through..
turn up the music
song of the day ... Lamb of God - Redneck!!! its a mutha fuckin invintation!!!!!
this week at www.risenmagazine.com: Jack Johnson, Dean Nelson, Sam Flores , Mark Hoppus
Ecc 10:19 A feast is made for laughter, And wine makes merry; But money answers everything.
Lieutenant Colonel Merryl Tengesdal was the first Black Woman to Fly the Air Forces U-2 Spy Plane- InSpotter app
. Thanks for giving us a shout-out. See you there!
In 10 days, it is Flood Awareness Week, April 18-22. Learn more! www.facebook.com/wakecountysmartstart
who? I only remember real talent.
Thanks for the retweet.
Wow, I can get my eye contacts for 1/2 price, $35 instead of $68, online. Sorry eye doctor, but I ain't got no job.
*delaney in her sleep* Laney- Hey... Did they redecorate? Me- what? Laney- shut up, Im not on my DS. :D
Make one today! RT : Usually a blend of sweet tea, lemonade, a splash of sprite. God Bless Texas.
Thank You Mr Clone, I'm never going to the valley again
So excited for the second year! Just registered for Great Milwaukee Race on
CBS Sports shouldn't have interfered with our weekends this way. Should have reported on Monday and then let it go...
Friend or foe? That is the question.
#WhyILoveYou is because your you.
Oh no! So sorry to hear that. If you want, DM us your Zipcard # and we'll take a look.
thank you! Just wrote her a note :)
Me either!! Sounds like so much fun!
April showers, bring May flowers...
Your Lakers -5.5 line is a good one. I'll still lay the points even though it's a 5 point game now.
I need new nail polish...
starlight theater fan
Thanks to and , I am getting my share of conference system hold music today ;)
LONG day! Finally relaxing. Don't think I'll ever let my place be a shoot location ever again...famous last words...
this WILL work.
When you're thinking 'bout me, text '143', that means I love you. Girl I'll be your everything and all you need. Baby let your heart take...
RIP Mr. Cronkite: RT : CBS Evening News: 'The Most Trusted Man in America,' Walter Cronkite has died.
And I love YOU! Miss you beautiful!
#Best Fight I Ever Saw Wit My Guy & In Conneticut For My Guy Czar
I need that
Enjoy your weekend to the fullest, sweetheart!
In other words, dream big, kids, and you, too can be a professional football player or super model
Guys making fun of you are just jealous! Dont let it get to you.Stay strong, & keep dancing! My fam and I r rooting for you!
Town of henrietta Can Suck My Ass! "A more open form of government, one that is approachable and responsive to the citizens of the town" BS!
My #haters are my #motivation!
You had a chance with me and since I'm with him, you want me?
looks like you have a hit with VCO Cam. I use it a lot. Any chance that we will ever be able to adjust strength of filters?
Hahahaha I was dying <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
you are my best friend too. <3 never leave me
My phone is all stupid today
Wow. That is serious commitment to the cause. I remember seeing your documentation at RPSCollective last year!
This girl has her eye brows drawn.... And it looks so stupid.
Requests and Belmont BBQ on the Powerdrive at 5 w/Helen Powers! Studio: 978 1023 or
Once again, my pendulum said that President Obama will be re-elected in November 2012. What does your pendulum say about that?
How you gon say your gonna bite me, knowing that you don't have any teeth
Amen to that. I find it hard to believe that book's still gonna be current in 2013.
yah he would, my persian parents r different than most haha
It's glue, right? They put glue in the crust? JUST KIDDING!
be glad you are'nt waiting on the bee guy!! lol
#P90rex looks at Gordons thighs in the workout room, and wants to put a leash on them
It actually wasn't that bad at all. :) You are just really sore the 3rd day. It was a lot better than I thought it would be!
Social media marketing will surpass SEO marketing in the next 5 years #fact via
“: sleep in and be late? Lol” Yup! Exactly :)
Thanks for the great post about
Fully Functional Human! Available now! (beta)
Ewww i hate being late to horsebac riding
like the new AP. I bought the rose and brown strap
That 13-yr-old (!) exhibit gets more hits than any of our sites by a wide margin. Obv design hasn't aged well.
Lol then why you even throw that in there?
That awkward moment when you spell the simplest words wrong. *crashes
The awkward moment when you are on the rts bus and there are tons of empty seats and someone smelly sits right next to you.
good news is they renewed parenthood.
HAHA!! I have bad luck with that car period leonardo was not nice to me lol. I have to find a new name for my next car.
May all your christmases be white ! :'(
": Absolutely LOVE Cover2Cover. And incredible service from " Thanks for the kind words. Thanks for supporting!
Out for a date day and night all planned by my baby! You rock!
All I know is I'm not as into the show now that you're gone. And either Jessica or Joshua is gonna win.
The move is over but the un-packing & fine-tuning continues
it's so wonderful that they are holding this festival in Gaza. thank you for the link. and looking forward to seeing you today!
Following such a sexy woman like you is a pleasure. Im sure many men would enjoy having u "enjoying" them ;)
because we can't spell?
I'm filming my movie, Pick Me!, today. Wish me luck.
Some of our favorites!
thanks - we were working on a tight sched and low budget so we did the best we could! Wish we'd had more time to fix it!
Haha no just a truck
Ok ad was the best ending to an ad so far
ok, just as long as we're clear that we're not going to talk anymore about how f''ing awesome "C C" is, you and I are cool.
#HermEdwards on #MikeAndMike: "These are the best players and coaches in captivity. The Saints will adjust." Gotta love Herm.
Listening to heavy metal on the radio. I would 'bang my head' but it makes my jowls wobble.
Naked Harry is trending .... hahaha (;
Take advantage of this Lets go
Calling for snow on Monday -__- and I have pirate tickets
I like the medication because it lets me know that these aren't the droids I'm looking for.
I love how have M. Cabrera and P. Fielder ranked 1 and 5 respectively for 1st basemen for fantasy projections. GREAT ADVICE.
I follow the drachmas.
Dear god, that little one is all sorts of cute. Too bad we've already reached our limit of feline occupancy.
#LauraJaneGrace joins a long list of trans musicians:
Thx! Sorry for the slow reply (haven't been on twitter for awhile)! I definitely can do some posts on Intuniv if you would like.
many thanks from ": no prob! The are happy to support!"
first vote<3
what is up :p
Now whining that Univ. Of Chicago athletes are embarrassing for being short.
Lets Go Knicks, lets get in rhythm now that we have all our pieces
Best of luck sweetpea! RT : Job interview friday! Super excited!
First peppermint mocha of the season! Thanks #starbucks :) :) :)
Linguist working on #JimCrow as fostering a distinct African American dialect and it's connection to Southern English.
I think I want some chilis
yeah. it's a weird place to move to when you're from a coastal region. also, that made me think of kittens
Which career? The science or the design?
thank you!!
Because I do not actually get a vacation I live vicariously through all of your vacation tweets.
I will pay for TV when I can order shows a la carte. Until that happens, you can stop calling me, Time Warmer. I'll stick with pirating.
that's my girl, true statement!
RT No influence is so powerful as that of the mother.- Sarah Josepha Hale
Not getting any writing done while doing all this traveling! But I've read some good books: (cont-->)
and tell your cousin to follow me *wink wink*
Stoked about taping some Tapes n Tapes today.
Never consider the possibility of failure
Goodmorning my loves im swagged out in my pink outfit
I'm with you.
Lol imagine if loved me and enough too let us win the m&g passes
luuuckky! I'm gonna be bawlin my eyes out!
It's Thursday- but we are signing out early. Have a good weekend everyone, catch you next week!
I'm thinking of selling my wife's wedding band so I can go to a Red Sox spring training game this year
you're welcome, I noticed ur profile following me, ur profile seemed real so figured y not subscribe & yep I was trying 2 ice u out!
I NEVER used more than 14 a week!
thanks Mark!
hahaha could that be someone I know hahahaha
Wonderful! Thanks so much. By svn I hope you mean git because every time someone uses svn Linus kills a cat!
Reminder for grad students to nominate a prof and/or a colleague for the Victor Worsfold Award for teaching. See email for form.
just sent! Thanks again and hope to see you there!
looking forward to seeing and talking with you :)
Dear Wednesday, I still hate you. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1> Regards, Brad
LG what great debate is going on? Convention ctr? Raising taxes again? HELP!!
Yes, but it is important to remember there are a lot of lies taught in history classes :-).
you read my mind, I was thinking of the same, need to talk to them about doing a live show there too.
How have I missed all your garden tweets?!
LA fans: If you missed our set last night at CIA then come to see at Amplify in Hollywood tonight at 7:30 with
You definitely are not alone! I've just posted the article on my Facebook page so that all of my friends know about the ruling!
That's good!! Staying productive is the move!!
follow the rules of the road, use the left lane for passing only, signal early so people can move, done ride brakes, keep moving.
Happy birthday!
my nights have been reduced to watching SATC re-runs and playing fetch with my dog. and eating oreos.
#cw150 RT : "Wednesday, 30th Pleasant. Last night I made ready to leave and started this morning on the hack for...
Year of the Napoli: Part Two! Thanks again to the Angels for making it all possible!
Boombozz's 23 #Beers on Tap Countdown: #2: - more standards
Just booked my airfare for #Vegas in July! Having my friends turn 30 is way more fun than having them get married
Lacee should ride a Dolphin and go get Starling Marte to replace Presley
Im encouraged (:
Thank you for the mention!
LOL! I take your "Is not" and raise it by "He's so hot he's causing global warming!"
It will kill me if I don't get those tickets in the 1D car contest.
#20ThingsAboutMe; 6. I hate when my friends say I have a perfect life. Money can NOT buy you happiness.
Who's got a license to kill??? ME!!! #BeastieBoys #LOL ;-)
Hello! Welcoming 3 new follows..
However, the Breaking Dawn Pt. 2 trailer where vampire Bella stalks her deer lunch was unintentionally memorable (and hilarious).
um I'll think about it
Steve Nash has too much game left to be a chaser. Staying in PHX though means he has no desire to really want a ring.
so what will the big show do now....
I hate
what does caucasian looking look like pale white or tanned like the lady in new jersey
m something like that.
#holiday1kiss deffinately throw a last minute christmas party......so much more fun! :-)
All you early morning commuters don't forget to stop by and get yourself a Carne Adovada Breakfast Sandwich promotion code DELICIOUS88
im good you?? i got to go now ill tweet you tomorow xx
Field trip was exceptionally fun today! I think new friends were made, which is always exciting!
"A house is not a home" for boomer retirement unless they start early on retrofitting the house to accommodate future senior living needs.
I wish it was hot enough to go bridge jumping .
Drugged up
MY MOM SAYS I MIGHT GET TO SEE DEMI LOVATO IN CONCERT AT MT STATE FAIR!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
It's amazing how it wasn't windy untill they went outside.
DONE and DONE!
Money's no object, wherever you wanna go! ReserveIt
10 Years In Foster Care! Tired of These Muthafukkers tryna control me! Takin matters in my own hands!
We had the tickets mailed to us. :-/
Valid. RT hahah yes that does make sense. If it's not about Bob then what does it matter anyway?
#Twitter is over rated.
she's awesome and brave.
I aint even bring my money to school -__-
i love my i phone 4
#teamfollowback please follow - GREAT TEAM!!!
Sound AMAZING! RT : Prime Rib + Wood Fired Rotisserie = Celebration. Come celebrate National Prime Day
Ppl r weird
she deleted her FB page!..... girl be going off the deep end now...
Glad U found me, ! I look forward to following you, too!
Local crust punk losses major street cred when he gets a professional to tattoo his face, instead of his best friend, Skunk.
I'm going to win it! RT : no one wants to win the Masters this year
I swear on my life I'm going next time he's here.
racks on racks on racks! Bitches by the 2, Noah's Ark!
Only in #suburbia do you see 8 cars in the drive through at at 10:30 on a Thursday.
Anthony Bennett cuts Kentucky in another surprise move. Down to just UNLV and Oregon (via ).
it is beautiful here! Hope it holds until sunset.
Apparently answering the question “What do you like most in a woman?” with “my dick” gets you kicked off eHarmony…
You don't seem to realize why what you're saying is highly offensive.
Next time!
Great guidelines, thanks!
Is your Dad an astronaut? Because someone took the stars from the sky and put them in your eyes. <U+2665>
toms ass is gettin lonely lmao
we always have a couple of lovely Beemsters at each shop, so stop by!
so I created just for business & development, and held onto for personal life & CLT
RT Hi, how about that new Tapas place? It's the only place I've been (in Belltown)...
This week's been crazy - but good! #FinalFour depends on who you ask, but hoping for a #MIZ #KU rematch in finals!
Be gracious. Know and follow the basic rules of etiquette. Everybody likes to be around polite and mannerly people.
im so bored
holy crap, we love you then :) haha!
RT<U+200F> The dictionary is the only place where success comes before work. - Mark Twain
Listening to the final mixes of the EP I'm not sure if you guys understand how amazing this is going to be. GET STOKED!
I fully expect a Welty Symposium 2011 Reunion to happen as a conference panel sometime. This group of writers have really gelled.
“: "If you can't feed a hundred people, then feed just one" ~Mother Teresa #quote”
these last few years have been tough. I lost my senses after social media.......
Another homework allnighter with This HAS to be unhealthy. I don't think I remember what real sleep is.
When replied to your comment on instagram 3 weeks ago and you're still happy...hahah<3
wish I was there.. have fun
God does not use amazing people, he uses available people to do amazing things.
#dimmakstudios90028_6pm I JUST WANT YOU TO COME TO FLORIDA!!!
I read that last week, loved it and totaly inspired to run!
ready for a good day
Bummed I'm missing the 1st annual hack-a-thon.
im such a bitch
I didn't get no calls from u...u sure u got right #
What's the best way to promote wine to the average Joe/Jane? Wine specials! Everyone likes a bargain, especially when trying something new.
My mom joking with my sister about her being an accident >>>>
my legs hurt like ASHJFDHJSHDUKNHJKFHJDK,,
haha because i am fully dedicated to my academics here at northern
you are coming to Wichita falls Texas feb 11. Would live to meet you in person. Lunch?
Im OUT..Good Night..
You know those insipid eavesdropped conversations you relay with multiple successive tweets? More painful to us than to you.
teach me how to do that maybe I can no who to trust n who not to trust <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Reached level 10 Athletic Skill in The Sims 3 for PlayStation®3
I'm so sad right now!! DROSE HAS BEEN THROUGH ALOT
I hate the cheetah. Want a frosty golden one.
I feel like a
Looking to kick off the evening? Come get a 22oz Green Flash. Say, "Make it good though."
bye bye - your tweets will be missed.
Gettin a Starbucks to start of a good Sunday..
Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
BRUCE SPRINGSTEEN
I don't blame Calipari for not wanting to play at IU's dump. Their fans are out of control and they're not on our level.
Haha I noticed!
not creepy! Its a product of your inspiration.
Needs to sit her ass down and stfu .
When I don't message you. Doesn't mean. I forgot about you. I was just giving you time. To miss me.
Actually, the RR I've gotten from CA has been good & my sister in law sends a "care package" every couple of months
Sorry, I don't like you.
i am forever growing never dying thats whats up!
please do, friend. :)
Some of these girls on my TL know they fine.
Sun's shining now in Roanoke after a gusher of a storm.
same reason but im bot to say fuck n pass if i can!
I want to win a new car!.
Work is perfect when its fun!
table arrangements are being prepared for the Premiere. You'll be seated with the Director, Bryan Boykins.
Nole you look great as is, no need to put on weight (well, maybe some muscle :-))
Just landed in Dallas for #MVP2.0 - can't wait to learn what's new in community commerce!
It's a beautiful day in the C.O.
equivalent to the cubs winning a world series <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Haha. He's a fellow brother from Coe, rude boy.
Happy bday from a Bucks fan. Rooting for you guys in the playoffs. Fun team you got there.
People will want to know who you are, and the 1st thing they do is go to your profile and look for a link to a site.
THANKS... Stop the traffic...now let them through
Vin diesel and the rock
mad childish Mr Kelly..mad childish
So this is aallll my fault now?! wtf.
bout to b back out ther bra
Seriously loving the cold rainy weather :/
Love your enemies. It makes them so damned mad. ~ P.D. East
RT Your pain will not go away by ignoring it, it will rear its ugly head around every corner, until you face the problem.
please follow me!!! Your so awesome!!!!
#BostonCeltics Paul Pierce hits wide open 3pt to close half - 38-36 Boston
Thanks goodness for signed hard copies!!!!
Nope, sorry! I will bring the others when I see you next though! :-)
track meet
great minds think alike...Flo has been on all last night and today. why so sleepy?
Today's Specail: Kimchi Dog w/ Wasabi Mayo! : your turn.
RT ": On my Libra scale I'm weighing grams to put in this dutch master"
Who I want to win: Hugo best picture. Gary Oldman best actor. Rooney Mara best actress.
Introducing a new way to Bartab - send drink credits! Their credits, their choice.
good to see you guys today! Thanks so much for coming to share your experience and knowledge!
That's a woman's right to choose, right?
Aw no huh lol Im sorry...I think ;-) RT ooh just up watching >>>>>> avi of lol
-- Check that: last line of the Declaration of Independence :)
Great wedding episode! Love it! #OTH!
Same here!
that sad moment when im at home and you're at the beach.
:) RT omg I saw your videos on YouTube and I love it!! You're amazing girls!
good luck
Extra ticket to Carolina Chocolate Drops and Po Girl Weds. night. Let me know if you are interested.
Oh. My. Gosh. This is absolutely the best thing I've ever seen. And I needed a little pick me up, too! :)
im gonna send a letter to you soon! (:
Thank you for the follow! May I send you a play? Best, Matthew Ethan Davis, plays published at Indie Theater Now
Your two boys are adorable.
Finally i found a way to calm down with out punching anyone or anything :)
Just landed in Boston. Where is the prossecco? Why is it so cold? Where are my girls at?
- enjoyed our Skype call! You're an awesome guy & friend. Terry's THE best speaker u could ever hire to talk about the brain!
I am! Love you more! I'll be sure to thank you in my Tony speech! ;)
College completely altered my life. It changed what I believe and what I feel about everything. I majored in philosophy.
Did you see what transpired to get him sprayed in the 1st place?
Hi EK All bst FREE E-BOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited Time offer Contact
Nope not even gonna go there I'm gonna be the bigger person #growup!!!!!!!!!!!!
Seeing you all will definitely be the light at the end of this 18-hour tunnel.
RT Win The New #Apple MacBook Air! Join our magnificent followers and mention to win!! 5000 followers needed
Refs be gettin paper!
something I wear everyday? I'm not sure... tell me more about what you're wanting to find and maybe I can figure it out?
116 questions on a test? Not even a fucking final!!!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
damn I almost crashed
That was the sweetest scene between Kevin and Ethel. Don't let her leave.
k you should;)
please tell me the remoted was missing or something.
AHH SHUT UP U KNOW IM PLAYING (BUT 4REAL U DO NEED SOME GUM) #SOMETIMES LMAO
ohh, counting crows scene with sebastian and annette
Goodbye, red hair. :/.
Picking up a carseat & diapers from our Emergency Kinship Support warehouse for a new kinship family bring home a bundle today!
When it's decided, I start Tweeting and posting at school VERY OBSCURE facts about the show - see who can figure it out :-)
how you doin?
lol what you doing at your crib all by yourself?? That's when crazy nigkas like Jason and Freddy like to catch people lol
sounds amaze balls! Can't wait :P
I want a real furry one!
“: Still waiting for to receive their Grammy. What's the hold up?” me too! These waiting lists take forever...hah
Yup. I just went there. Love you both and your obsessions <U+2764>
i follow all them #VAP girls..
Ever been poor? RT : I cannot believe anyone ever does anything to win a free t-shirt.
Excited for dinner at Ristorante tonight - celebrating 62 years young for mom and dad.
#FindSomeoneWho will protect you like a daughter, love like a mother, and kick any guys but that hurts you like a brother.
I think Maurice Sendak actually wrote very subtle parenting manuals.
Don't worry! Its way too cold out for any of that nonsense this evening.
After last summer, said the only 1 I have left 2c live is Drizzy. And well, since I'm on this bucket list trip lately...leggo!
One Direction Shows That Anything Goes!
You fuck other people, and I fuck other people. You're a slut, but I'm equal. I'm a mutt, we're both evil.
100 miles, 100 miles, 100 miles, 100 miles. You can hear the whistle blow 100 miles.
Somebody mention mee
what pho? You need a new man sir. Where ur chubby friend at?
I have made a ceaseless effort not to ridicule, not to bewail, not to scorn human actions, but to understand. -Baruch Spinoza
Creating your own business in these dynamic times is on of the most exciting things a women can do.
To our photography members & friends in Hurricane Irene's path: stay safe. If you decide to take photos, be careful.
Woo Hoo Go Joshy! Shout out to getting ready for his first Spring Training w the
gorgeous, thank you beautiful!
We Young Ladies Dont Go All Out The Way To Impress A Guy Thats Prolly Gonna Forget About Chu In Approximately 2 yrs.We Do It For Ourselves.
Yeah, how much $ they recover at the fairbox!
Someone please get #jessicasanchez a cheeseburger. But wow what a voice!
don't cry let them know
I usually need some sort of weirdness to get into litfic (ie Michael Charon).
jk, id say I love you, but your responses back are usually mean :p
See? Now I suddenly feel a kinship. You KNOW what UK fans have to go through. Have a good night and congrats on the win in Dec
RT : Live #music is best! Make plans to get out & support your local #Jazz scene.
She Ratchet !
M ima make this milkshake. Omg do you want one? No you dont u can watch me on skype eat/drink it tho. Real life.
that's good or bad?lol I dnt know them engineerin terms.
3 minutes left in the game. Vandy down by one. 63-64 Kentucky.
I would if you follow me
I struggle with this as well RT Dialing down our passion gives room for others to dial theirs up
#chat2lrn Interesting convo. Lots to think of, including my own SME-ness.
Oh really
I'm not clumsy. It's just that the floor hates me, tables and chairs attack me, and the wall just gets in the way.
I SAW YOU... But I don't think you saw me
i could've sworn i was home when i woke up though. #awkward. all i got was awkward stares from the ladies in the office.
Just got that nice on campus per diem...Yes Sir !
HUGE Congrats to and for landing another whale!
haha ain't seen u on here n awhile!!
Got to let this burn . Gunna try to get some asleep with this on my mind
Oreos & milk. Best snack there can be when in a bad mood :)
Remember. First timers orientation at 530
Here for ya!
fashion tip #1 laugh hysterically to divert attention away from strong need of adult beverages
Awesome picture
Mfs dedicate overtime to damage my name but somehow I'm still the baddest in the game
budget officer further predicts FY2013 property tax income to go up for multi-unit residential and commercial sectors
She spins and she sways to whatever song plays without a care in world. And I'm sittin her wearin the weight of the world on my sholders <3
good point, 16 states passed the legal use so far. Maybe it will happen here
Everyone should love someone #justlove good night ppl <U+2663>
yo i dun goofed. I forgot about thursday. Can we rearrange for sunday?
No matter what guys should not wear anklets unless required by law
well. i just slept for 14 hours.
Shocking! Imagine, a rich person staying @ a posh hotel! Once again, Fox News rips the lid off 1 of the stories re: real issues!
Just think Monday's in general r hardest. As a manager, I tried Tuesdays. I had a 14 person group once & made it Wed.
Why do I always burn my tongue with soup? Ouch! :/
Nothing like opening up that brand new car air freshner for the 1st Time
RT this if ur a hot pinoy and you wanna tweet me..:p
What a nice bath that was .
If you have never seen any of the #DisneyMovies you have no childhood!
Why u wanna do Kanye like that... Lol
what a great game...
#ThatAnnoyingMoment when you feel like someone just rained on ur parade, popped ur last balloon, stole ur lollipop and ran over ur cat.
RT : You're welcome! Have a great rest of the week! /TYVM!
no not yet, but as much of a weenie as he is it should be fun when he does LOL
He still hasn't admitted he was wrong about that one & never will.
i know im just one in a million but please make my dream come true and follow me <3 5
Thanks! It's only one day, right. I'll mix a cocktail later and hopefully that will help!
Headed to MEXICO in the AM...don't even mind the early flight...I'll just be pool side that much faster!!!
So great to hear! Stay in touch and we will keep you posted on whats going on in Indy!
about Manning it was always Payton first. Eli is now the better of the two.
- unknownDon't boast when you set out but only when you get there
“: i need some affection in my life.”I gotcha no homo well kinda is that insest lol
Thank You!
On the train going to mikes!
Abouta go take this u.s. History eoc
What do you want to be when u grow up
Dancin in the moonlight is on the radio!! :)
Yes I do remember you!! following you!! What's up??
ill be drinking with you!!! I love bday months!
I'll be forever checking the mail everyday only to be disappointed because it's still not there yet.
Isn't it weird how they're always somewhere else?
you in the N.O? Where you at now days?
Not surprised it's beautiful there! Those nights happen too rarely here.
Good to know your friends are more important than me. Especially, when you have seen them everyday for a week and I ask to see you 1 night.
: Check this! We're debuting March 2012 issue w/us on the cover! Look for it on stands hMttp://t.co/rOvDRN1A
Some days I wake up and think...is this really me? I get to do what I love and get paid for it!
Why do really good restaurants have such clean and nice restrooms?
not even... Take her for ten!
I like the way u sound in the morning. We R on the phone and without a warning...I realize ur laugh is the best sound I have ever heard:)
Mint.com, for everyone that spends, saves, and plays...ok, super cheesy, but seriously-check it out, get organized--it's FREE!
it's all over twitter. I guess some homeless guy was planning on stabbing him. It seriously makes me sick to think about.
Anyone have any fun weekend plans???
does kendrick have a new song ? Lol
#40dollars doesn't fill my gas tank
Astronaut Catherine "Cady" Coleman is now at the podium telling tales of the space station. Totally amazing.
Moodle lessons are KILLING me. Followed their training video exactly, had three people look at it, & still can't grade anything on it.
The more you learn about people, the more you learn about yourself.
we miss you!
It always cracks me up when I come back from a long Twitter haitus, and there are more of you. Nothing to see here, tweeple! Hee.
totally appropriate then
Mission Admission is an awesome Facebook game that 's team created to teach students about college admission.
you'll be praying to break your neck again if you go play in Washington
Families are like fudge - mostly sweet with a few nuts. ~Author Unknown
If there is any reason to pick up the current and next issues of Fango, it is seriously this two-part piece on traumatizing safety PSA films
Pappas: legalizing #poker will create jobs. Bloomburg: NY Times reported that EU saw rise in revenues & jobs due to legalization.
stole jacobs parents wine
The following of is still out of hand. Haha you said you were giving me until yesterday. I'm feisty today!! Help!!
Hm... RT In need of an ugly Christmas sweater. Hm...
heheh YO. add me on spotify. i'm not connected with FB anymore
NO WAY!
is rocking my world right now.
I'll Have Another
Hello I am now following you! Thanks
and to all new followers thank you for following!! :)
Ephesians 4:32 Be kind and compassionate to one another, forgiving each other, just as in Christ God forgave you.(TNIV)
RIP .. Dick Clark <3
Saturated fats are highly stable, and not likely to turn into free radicals or go rancid when exposed to heat. So cook with it!
Come by my Margarita station this weekend. I will be the one serving the Beer Margarita. I won contest in 2009. Cheers, Steve
Lol - I know! Most of those drinks look amazing to me - thank god I'm a girl :-) haha
broke so no open bar
New Zimmerman attorney is very lawyer-ly. Can I say that? Lawyerly?
Sun be killing me
i am harold in that situation
Retrospection: when slurring automechanics make romantic advances, invent a fictional boyfriend named Crusher, don't just wheeze nervously.
Had one of those dreams last night when you wake up just before what you wanted to find out happens damn.
At least maybe now it will be difficult to sell (legitimately)? *fingers crossed*
"Develop a passion for learning. If you do, you will never cease to grow." Anthony J. D'Angelo
ctfu i can see how nd i understand
Impressionable kids across AZ can't wait to turn 18 and get their very own Roberts crystal meth neck tattoo.
Toothbrush Express offers great prices on Reach Electric & Battery and most oral care products.
Julio Jones wins my vote for best dressed so far.
Alero... Where are you going for Happy Hour?
that's great! I'll drop you a line next time a conference brings me out there. I hope the move goes as stress free as possible!
uhmmm playing basket ball lol can u play basketball
I cant smile because it hurts more but that makes me want to smile because its funny
Come on #wolfpack ! You can do it. Get that UNC REMATCH! Up by 1at half
Ready for the TIDE to ROLL all over Tennessee! Roll Tide!!!!
I'm tough, I'm ambitious, and I know exactly what I want. If that makes me a bitch, okay.
The pic of Anthony Davis on the 1st page of the ESPN NCAAB section may be the most pretentious image ever captured in the history of sports.
#Youh delegate of #Norway speak NOW at
Cheers to the freaking weekend
im bored
My kid's best friend loves the farmer's market, too! They're buying flowers for her mom. Too sweet.
Dark Avengers... Disappointed :-/
Tell Jackson I expect All-HHC center stuff next year. Just like Anthony Davis (CATS!!!)
Fave memory. Talking Dodger baseball with my Grandma during World Series run.
you and me both!!!! I done checked out a couple weeks back ;)) see u tomorrow Court!!!!
courage the cowardly dog would legit scare me when I was little
North Carolina - you're a moron.
About to start my very first foray into making gumbo. A shame for a Tulane alum, really. Abita chilling in the fridge!
ik if only there was a portal thts in Nebraska and the other one is in new jersey.....tht would make things alot easier lol
I've been laughing at a lot of things/ppl here lol. Gotta stay true to real cuisine! :)
T-Minus 1 day until we go live in Metro Milwaukee!
oh it was a smiley face with hearts in its eyes!
Opportunity’s favorite disguise is trouble. ~Frank Tyger
I'm reffing soccer games -__-
leave me ALONE I dnt like yhu....delete my number nd plz stay away from me..plz im trying 2 be nice
I would marry weezy just to have mixed babies.
ThankYOU! STRENGTH IN UNITY!
black wolf opened on Wednesday. Let's go. $100 a hole? Teams?
Follow Me Please? And When's Our Wedding? ;D
How are you doing these days?
I have.not been on Twitter in a good Lil minute. That's not like me.
Tongue RT : Q7 #FoodieChat What’s the grossest food you have ever eaten?
Happy Friday, Tweeps! What are your plans?
party was crazy and fun last night! thanks to my friends for hosting it
Love that place! Enjoy! :)
love the app!
everyday all day
Their pride and swallow my tribe.
Damn this balcony is high....
You have one too????
damn i wish i was talking to you right now boy u got me gone!
Lane was full of gems tonight. I enjoyed the monster line best, but all his lines in that scene were impeccable.
absolutely! Contrucci gets back on the 18th right??
RT - Is Miami Dolphins QB done for the Season??
Happy 24 day :-)
It's difficult to think anything but pleasant thoughts while eating a homegrown tomato.
Any chance of booking in PDX? They are playing Sasquatch this year and would love to play in town.
Lol I never knew Ari would get a tattoo. She was so nervous, she was all like "done?"
Ron Paul had the most honest and straightforward answers.
see? I told you all he curses hahaha!
Barry Bostwick plays a Nuclear Fast Attack Sub Commander named (no joke)Capt. Ahab. It actually gets worse from there.
Have finally figured out secret to sleeping prior to Orbit-1 shift. Pasta dinner + glass of wine +tall glass of water=well-rested me.
That's a shout out to my suitemate at , He has a studio in his dorm room. The man is dedicated.
Thank you :) I did.
Larvicides can be applied to standing water as a liquid, granules, or briquettes.
OK,C Just How good the Thunder Are
Thanks to Old Bellevue Merchants Association revival. Great turn out!
This guy !!
Gotta love those people that tweet about you and make Facebook statuses about you that are out of context..
I was married by a judge. I should have asked for a jury. ~ Groucho Marx
Finna go get another tat today full of them barz
thanks dear!
So looking forward to meeting you at the Rock the World Conf! :)
“: Luke: If those numbers are accurate for Garcon signing in Washington, wow. Just wow.” surprised Snyder over paid? come on man lol
Yes! “: T.I. he will give you a well-timed big vocabulary world in that strong-ass country accent. #FamilyHustle”
"Drive by compliments".. some wholesome fun with a car and a megaphone on #News8:30
Bro Whats God Baby Welcome 2 Twitter Lets Get It
Back on my 9to5.... The vacay was good for the soul....
The JMF site is down due to gremlins. We're working on it!
i am purposely not gonna talk sports w/ some people on my tl... its like thumper said if you can't say something nice dont say nothin at all
wonderful designs!
that is fantastic to hear. I had lunch outside at Noodles in Broad Ripple is was awesome.
Geez!! Black guys don't know wtf they talking about bc i'm black, I definitely don't wear weave. & i know Mexicans who do.
#Amtrak How about signage like "Please take cell calls in the dining car after 11 pm out of respect for other passengers"? Constant problem.
got to page 50, gave up
Definitely not feeling the Twitter love lately. It's too bad I gotta keep it all inside these days...
yes. I started 8/1. So much to learn! Thanks for checking in. My new Twitter project in plz help me grow it :-)
I didn't know you like good grammar!!
i love going to the casino
Envy is not cute either.
Shoutsout n my other 5 followers
invite urself over
Wow! Acting class was amazing tonight. Got my cry on - again... He seems to enjoy making girls cry in his class... ;)
what kind of.shoot did Emily Procter do?:)
can I have a follow back?? :D
I'm sorry ... just got over that myself.
RT “: I don't mind If it rains forever ...”
PEKINESE YOU LOOK LIKE A FLUFFY CUSHION.
“: Whoever said "money doesn't grow on trees" has obviously never sold weed.” #trueshit!!
To reach a great height a person needs to have great depth. -Anonymous
great show tonight
The Wanted's performance = AMAZING last night! I was 10 feet from them and they sounded great!
#FYI Electric current is measured in amperes (amps). Electric potential energy is measured in volts. Its the amps that are most deadly.
Wanna check out some pure flameory... yes that's a word... check out for your visual needs... graphics, videos, photography
Yes! An opening jazz number!
was it handicapped parking? ;): RT got a ticket on my moped outside state street brats, what the hell
#FF A big welcome to new Brewers radio voice who will be joining Uecker in the booth.
Super draft coming up means that March is getting closer!
You a fake friend and your friends' fake too, uh! You got the sauce sausage dripping fakeguh!!!! <<-- i don't even know what i did, idcurr
If you smacked a kid in the face with a bottle of Johnson's No More Tears, would it create beautiful irony?
packing my bags :)
O! New regular show!
are you checking a bag? Most airlines have touchscreen kiosks at the airport. Go to your airline and follow signs. RELAX
He's still getting around... There is no stopping him! lol
Afternoon sessions about to kick off at #seschi -- seems like people survived the long lunch line without too much crankiness.
If only no-no's gave me bonus points....
4 reminders / day to use a camera. Switch out a photo on display or add a new frame. Figure out a schedule every 6 months to freshen it up!
In an attempt to grab his own headlines, this morning Romney announced he's totally cool if women speak when spoken to.
I used to have a life B4 I had a job!
Now my weight is the only Don't Ask Don't Tell policy in the United States.
i do believe in fairies :( I do i do
special projects coordinator at a social services nonprofit
It's $5.00 Monday! All films, five bucks!
Why is my grandfather following me like twitter?
RT : Drink a minimum of 1 gallon of water per day. No excuses. You wouldn't drive your car without gas, so do it.
Means a lot RT : juat got done watching 10 mph!!! Best documentary I have ever seen and very inspirational!! Thank you!!
Sorry I'm totally creepin on your Twitter favoriting a lot of your tweets... Just thought I would keep your @ connects some company :]
Happy Birthday to you!
Amen! Crushed I can't go to more data presentations.
What in the actual fuck?
so pissed rite now omg its not even funny
really? I've always been a fan of his.
good to see you tonight!
Giving a warm welcome to one of Spot Organics retailers ! Looking forward to your tweets :)
Do not attempt to bring unauthorized fruits, meats, and dairy products into the US without first checking whether they are permitted.
i was following you. But you unfollowed me.
Life is pretty good here in LA. A little bit warmer than Essex. For the moment anyway!
They'll come and get it! (more DRM humor...)
- great please send your full cv to and I can call you to discuss things tommo
Thanks for the shout out! EROCK
i'll be fine.
This Week on DVD and Blu-ray: Winter, and Warfare, Is Coming Marc Bernardin casts a discerning eye over the new releases on Blu-ray and D
just realized the book i've been reading on kindle for the past 2 weeks is 600 pages. now i don't feel bad it took this long to read half.
Taking a break from the museums world for an arts world event. Senator Al Franken says "Comedy is a craft." YES!
I can't believe we're over 40,000 #mahomies! <U+2665>
Time to get this workout in !! #SaturdayFitness!
We Want Believe Tour Tickets!!!!
The Great Comet of 1843 had a tail that was over 300 kilometres long
Rousing the troops for a trip to NE Wisconsin. Appleton, then Lambeau!
RT : Q3: The biggest lesson Ive learned since being married is my marriage is complete and it lacks nothing!
I miss her :\ R.I.P. Aaliyah
night is the party?
Not many heroes like Duncan Campbell. Amazing story. Amazing compassion. Power Breakfast.
Cuz the day just seems to drag
Wtf happened to Jason marz? He used to be semi good looking.
#9RoundMinute: 25 Wall Jumps followed by 25 Jumping Jacks!!
follow me please :)
i like that color Alot. What brand is it ?
hi. i like your cat
Is watching a family thanksgiving
I'm helping the community <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Well tomorrow's Wednesday... Sigh. Night...:)....
Just because your shoes are Madden /bags are MK doesn't mean it's a cute bag. Stop buying ugly styles just because they are designer brand.
When will Wenger face reality? Maybe when Cesc and Samir and RVP and Jack and Verm move on he will wake up
Hah! What's the first rule about following people?
hahah! Too funny! No you have to tell me thoughh!
First muy thai session is scheduled for Monday :-)
It's sad when they take down the Christmas displays and put in dumps of tax-update software.
RIP Dan Wheldon, we will miss your smile.
#Anaheim #Ducks have traded center #Ryan #Carter to the #Carolina #Hurricanes for minor-league forwards #Stefan #Chaput and
Expensive French soap smells good on me for about one expensive French hour.
Terrace baby
Throwing down a networking event next week. The last one rocked the house. If you're interested, msg me for details.
cant go a day without my Reese's pieces
rewatching 's performance on #thevoice and seeing him retweet and all i can do is #believe that he follows me at least notices.
Don't know what I'll have in my library 5 years from now.
GM! Rise n grind!
Having the best spring break ever(;<3 Besides the one argument my boyfriend and I had..
RT if you're graduating this month
today in New Egypt (in nj actually) to work with the NEHS band...introduced the drumline to a new cadence- a great experience & tight band!
Gotta love it! Keep up the great work!
FYI #DowntonAbbey friends: There are scoops/edits from Season 2 eps. 1-9 all over YouTube. Thank you, British viewers! Helpful!
Went shopping with my most bestest friend lol Happy birthday to me! <3 HEART!
Karaoke tonight at the Surly Goat. Come one come all!
"FuK u" mode
The most important element of good lighting is the quality of light; its color, direction, and intensity.
Tebow prefers comeback wins anyways.
thanks! My porch is my tiny space of summer heaven.
look at the bright side, at least you woke up.
yes. She said you are very cool cant wait to meet. Crisis is over, new phone same #. I'll dm you her
excited to have you. Can't wait to see how Dom plans to use you.
nothing much and you
Have your agent call Milwaukee. We could use you back here. Always liked you when you were here.
Cris Carter and Bill Romanowski: Definitely on the NFL's Not Top Ten list today.
That was terrible!
Hoping it'll be one of those cases where he got passed over last year, is rewarded this year. Like the Pro Bowl.Past accomplishments
Zelda's Lullaby So Sweet~~~~ Reason i love ocarina :-).
What is LOVE ? A one way thing from me to Austin...
The Chat for Google extension for Chrome is very nice.
Just worried about the recent trend of fairy tale to movie disasters but the acting should be top notch...i'll watch.
Honestly we would be so perfect together<3
I am not a "lay out on the beach" kinda person. I like rugged coastline with redwoods as a backdrop. And now I'm homesick.
Awesome!!!! Going to try and make it!
Apparently, "amish romance" is a genre.
you fuckin know it
I've got my sights set on you, and I'm ready to aim.
And that just made my day suck
Thanks for the #ff! :D
would that be TAG: the motion picture?
I love YOU ;)
What i did
Great work on #smash! Wish the best in your career! I hope since im an actor can work with you and
when would you wanna meet??
like em all -
Installing Ubuntu Server 11 on my old AMD X2... new project that when it takes will require massive scaling skills
watching tell n bored
lol have fun!
ALWAYS A MARGARITA WITH A BEER IN IT (love, your mostly drunk coworker)
Marmalade cat trying to steal my marmalade toast.
": That beat for the xxl freestyle this year was such a bad choice." worst XXL cypher i have heard
The announcer is yelling, "Throw the ball to !"
love it! Love and miss Boston. Go Pats! :)
lol...my plans suck! Haha ...my day isn't even about me.
Closing tonight :/
When I met you, I got this tingling sensation.. Then I realized my phone was on vibrate. =P
And we're launched! www.allergyfree4u.com
oh yeah I'm a distributor myself all of their products are good bro!! Changed my mom & aunts life!!!
Thanks for the RT Timothy. Hows the new "gig", EvolveUX going?
Hearing now from the president of the restaurant association in a hearing on the Mayor's proposed extension of bar hours.
Urban League of Greater Madison to provide FREE ACT Prep Classes and College Readiness Workshops
Read my blog post! Read it!!
GLEE OMG JESSE ST JAMES... WHY DOES HIS SMIRKINESS MAKE ME ATTRACTED TO HIM?
The Knicks couldn't win this game with an NBA live cheat code.
Voting for your buddy
stellar 9:45 show. Thanks for the pic and autograph to my hubby and I! We are ready for Talkin Walkin...
Passionate about green and organic? Or eco-style? Great at engaging people with your writing? Be part of our team. Msg me for more info.
The smile is a little scary "you want some candy little girl?" kind of scary!
I stinkin LOVE your voice girl!!! Good job 2nite! :)))
Spring game Sat?
RT #Virgo's quest for perfection is never compromised, and that's evident in the work you do.
So what if we shot one mentally ill person? At least we don't descriminate, we shoot all kinds of different people!
On pricing: $25/mo pricing level will be available soon. Hopefully that will open things up for more clients.
Agreed! RT I really wanna drive a #Hyundai Veloster! I think this car is a game changer.
Watch Out For Rockets will be playing w/ Halaska and Ichi Ni San Shi at 10p tonight!!!!!!!!
wait to u see me full twurkin...it will b a done deal lol
Went by Chop Suey this afternoon. Saw Octopus project sound checking. Such a fun band.
I'm in derby till 12 so should be there for 1pm? What's your postcode?
is awesome and works really hard, I think cold beer in the fridge for later will be a nice gesture.
JOINT CHAPTER TONIGHT AT 7 IN THE ALLEN THEATER!!
Are you in VA also? You know what we are going through!
Daily GTKY question: Kindle or Nook?
I have this dream of owning a night club in Miami when I'm older. I may be crazy but that would be an awesome life in my opinion.
VMA's at 9 can't wait! Who's ready for the MTV Video Music Awards?!? :D
idk last night I just started closing up.. Now I can barely breathe nor swallow
Also still wrapping my mind around the no dress code. Debated wearing jeans today, but I couldn't break the corporate cray-cray hold.
Awesome, thanks!
too bad you can't say the same thing about LSU-Alabama
Well played, I stand corrected.
Excuses, excuses...
always tell myself that I should go easy the first week back lifting and I still always end up not being able to walk for several days.
My 1st LP was Beatles, Yellow Submarine, but it lacked the movie song I wanted, so the first 7" I bought was "Nowhere Man."
One of the great things about owning a dog is walking around the house with a dog's nose up your butt.
Thank you for the follow
What is the funnest thing that you have done this summer?
Thanks for sharing! Hope your Monday continues your life momentum!
I love my little country boy. <3
These mfs think they still in africa with her sticking up & shit smh
how r u
yea but its still annoying and yea jonas ima have to figure something out
Its go time!
LONG NIGHT PARTYING... FINISHING SONGS AND GETTIN READY TO RECORD UP THE ANTE THIS WEEK!!!
Holy shit. I forgot how many people I follow that I dislike. I was looking through and thinking "school slut. Sell out. School slut."
White Chocolate Mochas >>>
Shout out to sponsors and tons of others!
hahaha what a dick
with a new mixtape "Cota Da Streetz - Green Brickz Vol. 1 - OFF SAFETY Hosted by DJ Holiday" download it at...
Saturday morning tastings...here we go!!!!
Happy #dayofdh to all, and to all a good night!
sorry I've been out of touch, I'm O as well. Please don't tell me you actually were in Austin last wknd! ?
Loveing shirtless derek and da tattoo he had ~LOVE . BE AFRAID.~
what up Karen
well I'm not scottish babe, I'm english, geordie you inbred!
Found out my mom has been following me around....
no matter if that venue pushes hate? Do you not have any standards where you use your money? We do!
Most people chase their dreams. I seem to chasing nightmares and running from dreams.
I am painting a ceiling now.
#TheBestFeelingInARelationship when act silly around the person you are with
Almost got hit by a car, almost face planted, almost got an asthma attack, but I managed to bike to Venice Beach and back!
I can smell the weekend! Can't wait to #Homebrew with
my step sister lives in Germany and luvs it!!
oh ya bo I RSVP like a month Ago
And now thanks to f'ing #OccupyDenver there is a camping ban in #Denver. What a damn day
Going shopping with le'daddy :3
Whatever pale beer we had on tap at the time. Usually you just grab something cheap.
Can my life get any worse..like seriously..am I ruining everyone's life cuz ik I'm ruining mine :/
i've had those. there are entire summers when i can't wear sandals.
me too
Anyone going to the game tomorrow?
“When life gives you lemons - take it, free shit is cool”
Very exited about CD release in NY on May 8 and May 9 at the Jazz Standard !!
Have you seen my fingerprints? I think I may have rubbed them off blending oil pastels.
i know, most people won't follow back, hah.
Enjoying learning HTML5 and JavaScript. #Microsoft visual studio is a pretty sweet editor.
congrats USA women.. good luck on Sunday!
Have I been out of the loop that much today? Donna Summer is dead at 63? Wow.
well I mean Haley your gonna say that stuff and then all this sorry in kinda pissed off
Nope, Pavement's Haircut is WAAAYY better.
haha how did I never see the 50s one?!
omg it is -____-
The day has finally come... the Beatles are on iTunes!
#ThingsWeLearnedOnTwitter any ugly hoe with access to Photoshop can look like a model..
The Redbirds need some practice...
Great day to be on the road visiting Indiana students and teachers. Today’s stops include Bluffton High School and Blackford High School.
Be the change that you want to see in the world. -Mohandas Gandhi
I'm the jealous type. The run the bitch over type of jealous...
I haven't read it yet, but why is #OnTheRoad a film now? Isn't the whole appeal the text/style in which it was written?
I invented Al Gore. Then, he invented the Internet. Now, you're here! Yay! (true stories, all).
We're all excited here It's great to have Shauna join the team.
when 12 year olds spell "come" as "cum"... >.> lol
That awkward moment when you forget to press "send" and your sitting there like an idiot waiting for them to reply.
It is Dragon!
Over the line.
Excited! Looking for Great Dancers today
It's going to be one of those nights. Can't wait to use my bubble bar.
Ryan Clowe hates puppies.
just file that under
see you there :)
RT : Young men who give advice, you should read the life of AW pink, and you will think twice
Welcome, and thank you for the follow =)
yaaaay SO EXCITED!
What a crazy fun weekend! Off to LA in the am for an interview. Will see where the wind takes me.
hah ight mayne. But if not enough kids sign up there will not be a team. and my senior year so i might as well do something
I am very ready to stand in judgment of these people! Guilty!
Congrats! We hope to see you in Aug! #FightOn RT : Super excited about being accepted to DPT! Now to decide where to go ...
feed me I'm fat
I want to follow me
I guess it's time I run far, far away; find comfort in pain, All pleasure's the same: it just keeps me from trouble.
is it open 2 the public?
I loved the HYFR video
Thank you for the follow. I care and support what you are about. Nancy
Mega talented SM professionals at #bulldogpr They GET #SMM & use their savvy 4 elating their customers
#Oprahslifeclass ends tomorrow. Say it isn't so! You've got to keep these going! What do you guys think?
I stay around the white like a nazi
Milk was a bad choice #imronburgandy?
Why isn't Jessy plugging as a great way to track students' math progress and growth??? :)
Tamron Hall is trending like lady Storm bringing the thunder & lightning
Can't wait to start working!!! #$$$
Sad day think imma cry
Happy Christmas Eve!!! Be Safe!!!
Yay going to pick my da up from the airport today!!! Haven't seen him for 3 WEEKS! That's a long time for me
ME EITHER LOVE THE SHOW
Omg. That spread looks amazing! Hope it was a very happy Wisco styled 14th bday for H!
maybe you should go to first service instead so i can get ignored even more
If only Google had some way of disseminating information to a mass userbase when its web apps (looking at you ) go down.
An amazing way to kick of Monday morning and into this week ... speechless.
not awesome, just awful
RT : Welcome to Twitter! Looking forward to staying updated with your office!
The other day i was in a group with a girl that i really cannot stand, i was soo mad at my teacher for pairing us..all she did was complain
Back in hot, sweaty SoCal...for a week.
Follow #TaxSeasonTips to get valuable information regarding recent tax developments that may impact your 2012 taxes!
Call the peramedic call the-call the paramedic. call the paramedic cupid-cupid just shot me. LOVE THIS SONG!! 143
When I arrived at Tenn, there was a story in SII w/ entries for an office pool abt date of New Madrid quake.Could still win!
The only people that need to be blamed are Zimmerman and the Sanford PD
so true!doing taxes &people w.no mortgage int are getting crushed but homeowners get refunds.Volume of 2011 shortsales is sad
it will remain relevant. I'm trying to figure out at what point chasing a trend do you realize that you no longer know what you want, tbc...
I need a boo lol :/
I belong in Washington.
not surprised but I guess I need to check that account!
I live in Maui. Lol. I've never been in Kauai before! :) if thats how u spell it!!
Your welcome!
Never put The Short Chick in charge of Tasks That Involve High-Up Things. It never ends well. hehe.
Happy #FF friends! Who's loving the #Snow?
We're making badass maps and resources to help you get around our fair city.
I've reached my mountain. Now how do I get past it?
great American
just leave! No one will mind ;)
I think she was targeted at least for being well known but the fact he shot 12 makes me think psychosis over political.
This is super cool, I didn't know you could volunteer here! Filling out the app tonight, thanks for the tip
funny, that wat i would do!!!:D
Other Reasons You Might Sell Your Home It’s hard to believe it, but most homeowners are not alone in their feelings of worry, fear, etc.
I'm hearing a rumors that Justin and Chaz aren't friends cuz he told him that he spends more time with Selena?!?! That's not rite :/
How my aunty going to delete me and my whole family on fb then add us all back again. Fuck that , I'm ignoring her shit.
You and Carl both were nothing short of amazing! Can't thank you enough. More to come.
Good Morning My Trippy Friends (: lol
I'm watching! Jennifer did really good!
lol. I had home freshman year, he put a head microphone on so the whole class could hear him. Great stuff.
Take a minute to make a dollar before u judge me.
Foots feeling better... I shall hit the gym tomo :)
For 236 yrs America struggled to evolve toward a national ethos our constitution mandated, against inequality & injustice. Now both abound.
Let's just hope more details of the case come out before June 5th!
Oh it just goes to show, how fragile this heart can be </3
RT : im ignoring somebody for the rest of the night.......... #sleep wow. That's deep
Half the Sky: Women in the New Art of China opening reception tonight 6 PM at the new Leonard Pearlstein Gallery, 3401 Filbert St. Stop by:)
Thank you, so do I! Lots of hot water with lemon and honey for me these days (it's really good, anyway, but great for cleansing).
“: lol Amazing!! Any chance of a follow back ? ;-)” You got it!
The theme is "Postmarked 2011" this year, a mail theme!
I think it is a great visual for your point.
Love waking up to rain
You guys were a hell of a group. One of my career highlights was getting to work w/ you all across those 4-5 courses in that period.
Thanks man, how's everything with you? Caught ya on Shameless the other day, lookin' good!
Rehearsal last night went very well! The show on Friday will surely own. But, for tonight, time to record a demo or two.
I know I have a few notes to reply to, & #FF's to do - but LOTS going on at the office (and up at INDY) so, I'll hop on that in a few hours!
please reply or follow me if you see this Justin(: it would mean so much to me!(: <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
follow me?
I know. I adore them. Als Attire, 1300 Grant Ave SF. Custom made. You need to get fitted there.
sorry if i cant follow u back!
Influensters started receiving their beauty VoxBoxes! How exciting!
Those are exactly the ones that I love!
<FOLLOW NOW
nope :p
I take my boys every year!
Perhaps Mr. Limbaugh could try inserting an aspirin between his lips and see if that reduces the pain for everyone?
Big Ten Football Q&A: Ohio State as Season Spoilers? - Bleacher Report
But they're all back tonight. :-)
on the hunt for some #tstrap sandals
Bob Knight just crushed on Tressel's integrity - even though they slayed him all morning.
yes maa'am.
Happy birthday live it up to the fullest!!
Omi Jones aka "SISTA DOCTOR" enters to some drums
Why you no respond to Tony's text! We wanna see you
Sounds great let's talk next week RT : I wanna join :) blessings to you Pappajohn"
I dont want 2 make his firing a tied in topic of conversation alongside Suggs news & its my Twitter & the news was old.
that picture was awesome, you could see a little of the wild that lives within.
Or I could go see it again.
Development demo'd ticket sorting and new search capabilities within #Interlink for #CommitCRM to me today, looking awesome!
Cool. Start the day with yelling. Two words: fuck you. Seriously. Im so gone in 2 years.
yeah we have that thing... Like right now... We can't miss it
no they told me on the phone that today is the last day?
there's apparently another Occupy Oakland General Strike coming up on May 1st. saw graffiti today that said "shit cray may day"
Do I miss you? That's something I just don't even know .
would love to network with you :-) amazing conference coming!
Lopez.....wasn't thinking boo boo! Used to Jose and Juan never leaving lol...sucks for you
April Fool's: Instead of pranking or tricking today, how about a random act of kindness to a perfect stranger? April Help Day!
Happy Birthday! :)
Lumber Hooker = Paul Bunyan's dirtly little secret.
slap him
- where is boris?
90 days and 11 hours remaining until California (:
foxnews.com - just as out of touch with the rest of the world as their news crew - wow, who the hell architected that piece of crap?
": Tonight's official #CapsNYR Game 7 viewing party is at Hard Times Cafe's Fairfax location. Be there!" Where in Seattle?
I'm married to a man from Mexico so I've learned about jalapenos. What else are you cooking? I miss having a crowd to feed.
Following back
Hey, Young World! <U+2764>
#np Marky Mark and The Funky Bunch - Good Vibrations -- lol, such a good music video
You sexy
#sxsw check out Current Weather on iPhone.
Your Daily Sketch Writing Inspiration: an intense but non-sexual dream about a workmate, a song w/ the couplet "vagina sub/find some grub"
btw... credit to for putting up that tweet by the possible Mega Millions winner.. I retweeted after seeing his retweet.
nice, thats ill tight my dude
I hate when my phone blacks out, it makes me think I have an incoming call...but no!
Consider discussing Doug Melvin's recent induction into the Canadian Baseball Hall of Fame. Not bad, eh?
Whoop! :) #gigem RT Man what I would give for one more Saturday night on Kyle Field, in front of the 12th man!
You are a farmer
That just made #Uproar2012 ten times fuckin' better. I'm for sure going now.
Had a feeling this game would suck but was still hoping it wouldn't! :( oh well each NFL playoff game is one day closer to baseball season!
My motivation to be funny is to impress you
“: Let me know what ur most excited about in #teenwolfseason2 !” M hard question.... EVERYTHING :)
a highlight of being here? Watching slowly convert to pigeon-speak. Now, trying get him to like Spam.
Adversity is a fact of life. It can't be controlled. What we can control is how we react to it.
#AAM2011 Online fever session: biggest challenge for GWU students is adjusting to online ed tools (mid-career ppl).
What does that mean for Gronkowski?
sounds amzng. in SF/NYC for nxt few months. will coordinate after. btw, come visit?
I take it you've set up all of our meetings by now?
Yes I am a fat girl.
Its weird I always I finish a paper & its better written when its last minute
its day here but night sweet dreams xD :)
Omfg, my aunt always has to make shit about her. STOP STEALING THE LIMELIGHT BECAUSE YOUR DAUGHTERS AREN'T AS AWESOME AS MY SISTERS!
Since when do porn sites have twitter accounts? Yeeeeesh
I swear. I will strangle you dude.
Throws everything because I'm in a car and have no internet so I can't listen to
I hate when people are slow ugh
AND WHEN I HIT YOU BABY, I PROMISE YOU GONNA ALWAYS GET THE REAL ME, NO MORE, NO LESS,
shorter than you? you're as short as they get <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A> loljk
Man reunited with $40K Cello. Voter ID Bill passes Senate. Mankato family wins lotto. Those stories & weather coming up @ 3:03 on CCO RADIO.
#SomeoneIWantToMeet obvs Anyone who knows me knows that's a given. Gonna #NSN, I know it'll happen #Someday :)
So frustrating.
Nuclear Magnetic Resonance you will be the death of me.
35 minutes left of Happy Hour...Just sayin'
Superbad is on!
so so true. Hi Amber! :) RT : Simple and repeatable beats the crap out of clever and unsustainable.
You get a prostate exam every night!
Planet Tennis : Next couple months shld be pretty wild w/ music & training.Will try to get out a podcast this coming week on the big pic.
USGS: Strong 6.5-magnitude earthquake shakes central Chile
WOW honey, your boss is really flexible!
The WILD THURSDAYS party bus is ready to come out tonite! Pick up times: 9pm for Loyola, DePaul & Northwestern (Belmont & Sheffield)
Cavaliers trailed 6-0 heading to final at-bat and put up 4 runs, including first career home runs from both Gillen and Johnson
Florida stand-your-ground law protects Zimmerman but not #MarissaAlexander? She hurt no one but is guilty of assault for firing shot in air?
I LOVE ATTICUS MITCHELL!!!!!
lol guess we might have our faces on tv again! Haha they said it's part of a series, so..
Hey , how about gently setting those bags and golf clubs in the cart rather than body slamming them in there
LOL, if you don't care then why do you keep talking about me
So beating self over head for missing this one... what a mizRubble night. Drunk ass house guest made me mizzzrubble!
Hey everyone, you can now get vegan slices at the Bay View and North Ave spots!!!! Woo!
Hearty breakfast of beef jerky and Dr. Pepper
What is your favorite #food to cook for a #tailgate party?
Is getting to know this Twitter thing.
When God is moving inside of you, every day is made better, in every way. Nothing will bring your happiness down if you remain steadfast.
is #mycrazyobsession (: i have never tweeted anyone that much(: haha
Jus started fuckin wit Twitter again tryna get my followers back up
"When a door opens not to your knock, consider your reputation."
yes! Like melted Reese's cups. M
I figure no matter how long somebody stands there picking the locks, they are always locking three
Great day at school. Looking forward to the rest of the year! [>°<]
Too bad games don't count yet
They now have e-deposits for US players on Black Chip Poker. 8 days left on FREE BOOKS + 41.5% RAKE promo. Send ?s to
Kansas? You must have family there ;) hopefully you can find time to visit NYC or Boston while you're here!
hey how are you! good luck on the voice beb, I've been voting! :) .x
A hoodie, and no makeup means please don't attempt to converse with me when I am doing my laundy #pleaseandthankyou !
Math homework... -.- let math die In a hole.
/How is this guy ever been elected to anything? He brings nothing to the table.
If I got paid for being lazy, I'd be a billionaire.
Thanks lady! Next week? Tuesday, Wednesday or Thursday?
I'm just letting myself go! I want to look beautiful again! I want to motive myself to work out and be a new me in 2011!
Im still a virgin, but i will loose it to
#brewers game on tonight at my favorite hole in the wall bar. 2 dollar miller lites all night... be there or be square. albeneses bar
love it & nature is neat
If you're craving chocolate come see us at the front of the room
East Lyme, South Lyme, Old Lyme, Hadlyme? Lyme.
Would you be interested in doing a radio interview tomorrow re: Wikileaks financial issues? If so let me know! Around 8 am PT
Referee Stephane Auger hit in the mouth by MacDonald's stick. He heads to the locker room for repairs.
I used to be a hard rock guy, and still am, but daughter is a dance fanatic, so I get exposed to lyrical and pop dance r&b too
you damn right !! lol
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: We don't have "legal separation" but a court can enter Temporary Orders while a divorce is pending.
I hate when Facebook tells me when friends are pregnant. I feel like its just hinting at my epic fails in life .
But it was not your fault but mine and it was your heart on the line. I really fucked it up this time didn't I, my dear?
WHERE ARE YOU lolol RT : Long island I'm here! Hide and go seek time!
Wow, yer a real fan! Never, ever understood why they moved inside, thus negating the greatest homefield advantage in the game.
Closed LONG $EURUSD for +39 pips profit; 33% of the community volume is trading the EURUSD with sentiment 48% SHORT
Could you imagine if NFL Playoffs had series!? O_o
make it 3
About to just say forget it...
really looking forward to Sunday and a picnic out of town. Will get the chance to meet old friends I love.
Hello Dr Adanna. Can I come over? Love & miss you. Only been a day, but you now...
It makes sense that capitalists should like Ayn Rand, but not conservatives.
Greg Baldwin: A lot of people adopt the banner of innovation without connecting it some real purpose.
what's sup Tim looks like Peyton manning coming too broncos
Good defense
I'm not scared to say i haven't had no good dick in awhile....lbvvs
Welcome back!
#lauramarling bit my nails off
Nice line by Bill Destler today on : “This may be a big building but it’s mostly air” (#RITHockey arena—cautiously optimistic)
This year at Mifflin open intoxicants will not be allowed on the street, this includes the sidewalk, terrace, and street
Just got a drink from a water fountain at Cy's school and was instantly transported back to my grade school. (But our water was colder.)
Summer begins! ": Just arrived at with & in sight!"
I'm actually really pulling for her to win! I love Lionel Richie too so they were perfect together!!
and I are storming the field and making a slip and slide
We're glad you enjoyed, Matt ;-) Thanks for the compliments on our fresh salsa bar, too!
I thought your name seemed familiar!
Good luck!!! Love you!!!
soon ii hope!
Chicago Bears Modeling Agency
not this time mo was special - I need to get out my #602 shirt
TODAY 9am-2pm ALL TANS $10! ALL DAY SPECIALS: Buy any BOTTLE, get 2 FREE WEEKS of TANNING! Buy ANY MEMBERSHIP, get 1 MONTH FREE of UPGRADES!
doing good job with traffic at busy intersections.
Big plans are in the works, and we have a big surprise that we will announce in a matter of days. Keep watching...
“Just because you’re offended, doesn’t mean you’re right.” — Ricky Gervais, satirist and filmmaker.
WE ARE THE 80'S by Jeff Bertrand and Patrick Harris is here at the Octane! Art Gallery located in Kustom Thrills!
but not like Xtians who (in light of their indiffer. to martyrdom) were willing to die b/c of obstinancy (parataksis) Med. XI.3
lol were not only russian! RT : I think that the whole 303 taxi clan is involved in the Russian mob, why r u all from eastern europe
Haters need your love too!
When i think of Xmas i cant help but think of this Fat jolly man in a Red suit who got away in public yelling HO HO HO and got free cookies
good one!
Interested in writing for The Sporting Rave Network? Email to get started.
TYRESE THAT IS WONDERFUL!!!~
After Fiesta activities on the field, check out our Lighter Than Air Fair during Fiesta the first week of October.
If you're not- follow
Here's my guess for tomorrow. #Ravens will probably move up in 2nd round. Lots of value at the top. He's really raw, but I love Hill
We're not that dead! New songs being recorded!
Having a great day with kids splashing around in pool.
you are lame .
who is gus
great to meet u on friday. Next time we drink!
is hands down the best candidate for the sideline gig. No chick knows more baseball than her. Quiz em all. You'll see.
. . WOOT! Roy Lewis resigned w/ the Hawk today! Come meet him in person NOW at SPORT Restaurant and Bar
depends on what sports you want to wager on, good luck and I hope have a profitable weekend I believe we will ;)
I wish wouldn't have cloths blocking her rearview mirror so she could see me singing
I am a Cuddle Ninja - Snow Patrol
#IReallyMiss when my best friend use to smile all the time because she was with him..now she like blaah..
You want it? Go earn it! -Urban Flight Apparel
Can't wait to go to California... 1 month <U+2708><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0084>
no kidding on DL...Mike Neal had as many tackles this season as Mason Crosby!
Everyone go follow
Thanks. I hope that changing my password has fixed the problem. Appreciate your message.
Great goals by and ! Thanks for a great season and Blue Moon has risen!
Never let a bitch put fear in your heart .
im sorry!! This is my fault, if I wasnt yelling soo much... Lol
when i see/hear stuff that deals w/ you i get jealous
thought u meant blow lol
Rocsi is leaving 106&Park soon;) Many people are happy. Terrence J should stay though ..Who am I kidding? I don't even watch that s***
ha no its not
Newt Gingrich is a suitable name for an unappetizing, cheap, candy bar sold at your local thrift store.
Obsessed with counting crows new cd
Yuck i just ate at Mcdonalds!!!
my daughters wanted their own four square check-in, so we do now..:) Great to see you. Let's keep in touch throughout the year
RT : I'm non-partisan, but #citizensunited smacks of unfairness. Politics should be about campaigning for votes not buying them
I cannot believe how stinking hot it is.....
Cole Hart is a #book #writer that's grinding harder than you can imagine.
Hey Jewels how are you doing? and where you see Tyler Hansbrough on tv. xoxoxo :-) BH
Happy Mother's Day Mom! I love you and I couldn't ask for a better Mom. Thank you for every thing you've done for me and our family<3
its sad girls think that, no respect for themselves.
Baby Boomers Are Turning 65: What #Nonprofits Need to Do via
Thank you for the add! We hope to see you around!
Need help with your Sunday plans? Brunch & a musuem, cappucciano & shopping? Stop by the front desk and we'll help you decide!
bring ya friends!
2 reasons to be thankful. Check out the new Thanksgiving sweepers
Morning people check out my new Song superstar
"It's not what you are that holds you back, it's what you think you're not." - Dennis Waitley
Tonight is the first night of Flix on the Brix......outside movies at Pioneer Courthouse Square. Ferris Bueller is the first movie....
I love the look of your instagrams. Very interesting retro color. S
Anyone have a projection adaptor for a MacBook pro that I can borrow this afternoon?
MoveOn. org recruiting people here in #wiunion Madison for six-week activism training. Got email last night with application.
Thanks for the follow!
some crazy lady is screaming about gang bangers and flash mobs in the laundrymat... And Jesus. I think she is actually praying right now.
I wonder what my cover will look like. I could've asked, but love surprises! Few weeks to go!!!
love it! congratulations
Ok ok i'll tweet more! But not just sports or ! We're gonna talk bout real stuff, like ____ (u fill in the blanks)!
Thnx Real Moms Real Solutions Can't wait to provide for Looking forward to working with yoi :)
Loving the Time Map Memento plugin interface.
Do you like Huey Lewis and The News?
Cash rules everything around me
I 'm tired too probably just pick up some Thai take out ,have a nice night!
We're giving away 2 tickets to Saturday's Carnegie Mellon Chamber Orchestra. Tell us your favorite love song by noon Feb. 15 to enter.
Someone's getting a blue mowhawk this weekend!! And its not me!!! LOL
Holy crap! The #vesawards nailed it. Congratulations Casey, Trent, Brian, & Cliff!
Philip Phillips is my early pick. He's reminiscent of Dave Matthews in addition to having a cool name
so.... sleepy.... I'm actually getting in bed early (for me) and I don't even have a final tomorrow
At least you didn't make the mistake I did and instead of sending a DM, you "tweet" your phone number!! ..;)
SLOW MODE ENT GON MAKE HISTORY .
#palepeopleproblems "are you ok you look kind of pale" "thats my skin tone"
#IfJustinWasMyBoyfriend I'd tap that.
Are you kidding me? Top 5, dead or alive.
"The next wave of gamification is not about games. It is about understanding business processes"
Calipari got a nice Chris Everett table flipping joke in on Jim Rome
4th semester depression :(
Searching for a particular idiom I came across the wikipedia list. Never heard of "pop one's clogs" but it's I think it's my favorite.
Is it morally wrong for psychics to win the lottery? I'm just wondering cuz they know everything else, why not the mega millions!
Many thanks to the two workers at the Brookfield, Wi location for opening the store for me during the blizzard early this evening.
I'm embarrassed to admit that in switching computers, I've completely lost the link to the blog that led me to follow you. Help?
You can never have too many (pink) guitars. So for my 4th guitar, I want a Gibson SG hot pink with a black pickguard. 1 of my life goals. =D
Nice Dime Mamba!!!
Lebron giving only three quarters again. Haha.
Missed two of 's calls, answered 's. He prob thinks I hate him.
You could do a lot worse.
Just smashed my shoulder n arm into the darn door frame. Hurts like a B! So how's everyone elses evening?
Worth the Wait | Our State Magazine
We're recording the "Theme from Sparks." Adam is doing the vocals in the manner of various famous singers…the Weird Al impression is uncanny
Been holding on to these snax all day n dont wanna eatem
Good for you girl!!
July 25 against the Yankees with a 12:40pm start time would be good. Maximum exposure for Felix and the Mariners.
. Loving your Twitter tag line. Wish there was more than 24 hours a day to travel and indulge in more wine!
And how much are universities, worldwide, spending on them. Say, over the course of 10 yrs?
Right there with you. saw your website. looks like you've done some fun stuff. congrats.
He sent all his saving to Pakistan and its there with his siblings and I’m not allowed to ask questions
Taking a personal day. Bad, bad night.
Now Playing: Kanye West ft. Jayo The Kid - Thats my Bitch
Yes sir :) that's why I'm still debating about it
New Costume President Abraham Lincoln Boys Costume
Hey Bathtub Boy, where are you going to be Nov 3rd after we kick your ass at the polls. Can't wait to see you and Madcow.LOL
JC Penney offers $10 off $25 or more with code SPENDIT. Coupon may be used on Clearance as well as regularly-priced merchandise. jcpenny.com
Last time I was interested in American sports was when Michael Chang was big in tennis.
ill look around.
RIP Whitney...so sad
I'm daydreaming about the world before technology. Or, at least, so much available from my desktop. Sigh. Of course, there were corsets.
An unusually high portion of my followers are beautiful single ladies looking for a date this Christmas. Nice to see their thinking ahead.
ASHA day 3!!! Here we go!
Lifting prayers for those distressed.... If you or a loved one are struggling with the State Fair tragedy, contact Main St.UMC @ 472-3323
Love the uniqueness of Eloise's voice! Janis + jazz + blues + something else!
Can't wait for & to get off work so we can celebrate 4/20!
yeah u have a big butt so does Gina! It's like babam! Lolol
that's super cool!
Duh. Pittsburgh Craft Beer Week! Pig Roast and Brewing with on Saturday!
great class for media activists at Columbia College Chicago!
Cardboard free toilet paper rolls!
Developing two new exciting film projects for 2012!
Now Hear This: NEW: #SECURITY CASES FOR YOUR #AUDIOBOOKS ON CD. CALL TODAY & ORDER! 800-240-1850 You asked we listened www.showcases1.com
u mad bro?
Every goal that I have set is because I think I will be happier in the having of it. I decide today to be happy right now.
LMFAO ialways got them two confused.. until i saw her ass. then i realized it was kim but iwas too lazy to correct it
Goodnight <3 bowling trip tomorrow!
#ifitwasuptome you would get taxes more then once as year lol
#315 I'm coming through today for my 2nd bday celebration! Lemme hear the new jam "Without You" on the radio al weekend!!!
I'm bored, so ask me anything in DM. Anything!!!
"Real OG's file taxes early." or "File your taxes in the sky, dawg!"
some girl named asia. its noy a big deal,,,
People will show you who they really are if you give them some time.
u r so lucky dat nick is following u:)
My <3 of craft beer, my buzz & my hoarding instincts tell me to keep going. My dinnerless stomach is telling me Friday will suck ass.
I was glad to see the Univ.took care of your family,least they could do after all they put Dad and you all thro.much love bro
Omb so many time out of twitter but im back !!
Maybe they've heard of Warehoose 13 RT : This weeks episode of WH13 is set in Toronto. Too bad nobody here has heard of it.
Up on the roof and waiting!
My prayers go out to the people that were in the twin towers and in the planes that died R.I.P ..Thank you to the heros that keep us safe
Open until noon today!!!!!!!
3 thigns to remember in a fight 1. heart 2. smarts 3. who has the biggest Testicles. #testicular fortitude. #wrestling lingo
Today is the first day all week where I wake up way too sore.
hi, my name is freddie ross. I was wondering if you needed a personal assistant for odd jobs. I don't charge much. -Freddie
Hey Ed, how's things? Everything's good here, just pluggin away on work, code, etc. Thanks again, finally tried it out - nice!
This weather makes me want to watch The Shining tonight.
aye homie. did you get the collab?
Linkin Park, "NUMB"
“: Quality content and being genuine will help build influence #amasalunch” be creative
new icon!! <3
With no switch I'm still the brightest lightbulb. While y'all can't illuminate the darkness. -Tony D
4yrs ago today I was interviewing applicants for a spot in our residency program in the Bronx. Flew the redeye from Vancouver to make it
#IDream of too often. ;-)
OMG! My Meghan just twitted something else about the Walking Dead, second pair of shorts I change tonight.
I heard about that! Depending on how far I am with work I would love to go
Sorry for the lack of updates everyone... Things have been insane! How the heck are you all?
Shop Local With Our City-by-City Guide With Thanksgiving behind us, the holiday shopping season is officially in full swing. If the crowd
l know. l want either one of those or an escalade.
That's two wins in a row for PSN!
Why does my iPhone say 4G?
ya that shit goes hard.. holla at me when u get it ill get u some wheels for it.. cheap.
My Netflix is possessed.
1 show down, 1 to go
Post a link to any pair of sunglasses from our site on our Facebook page and you could win $20 in Barnes and Noble gift cards!...
If Nate was hitting I'd prefer to him too, or have Pagan sit if he gets a start. Pagan and Melky worry me in right though.
have you ever been to Washington state? :)
hehe. YES,rachel ward:) would love to see them but can't find where they are playing. UGH!! let's hang soon. I need to
sitting in class gonna do some algebra homework soon. :/
You guys slow dancing?
Meanwhile, I've got 2.5 hours to do 8 hours worth of work!
what is going on in the library right now? i cannot concentrate with this noise
that kind of chance were the chances we would convert three months ago. that could come back to haunt #spurs later
"Kottaras with the rainmaker!" Yes!
that's too funny :-D
Literally every team I root for lost today. Apparently I suck at life.
Community-building power of #philanthropy.Thx for the RT to ,,,,,
Still taller than you
well i kissed him.
Get by with a lil help from my friends. SICK performance on
Okay. Thanks for the affirmation. ;)
Yay 3 day weekend!! Can't wait to play!!
hey shorty!! Hope u are doin great!
Great people watching today
Or how to be more persuasive! RT When what you want doesn't happen, learn to want what does.
Print out this page for Buy one get one free lunch with purchase of 2 drinks. expires 12/23/2010
awe it's a cute pug puppy!
if i stay in this hospital any longer, im going to jump out the window
GET UP SKC, it's GAME DAY!!!! Go #SportingKC! CJ necklace on. I am ready!
awesome, well let me know what you think once you read it, even if you think it's horrible! =)
Which rabbit was a famous female aviator? Amelia Harehart.
it's all good man! Support come out to see us with Periphery The Human Abstract and The Contortionist next thursday
:-) Merry christmas:-)
I really hope this hot ice cream works out
deleting everything. goodbye.
so where is this new Fox Sports SD that is supposed to be launching today?
Me too RT : RT : well will u follow me? >< gotcha fam
makes me think it was Crean who made the comments about Taylor and the Badgers
you go debi!
: If you don't invest very much, then defeat doesn't hurt very much and winning is not very exciting. -Dick Vermeil
Coffee makes me a better person in the morning.
#MyFavoriteMovie :) the shining
hows the writing going?
I just want to do everything Kerouac wrote about. Take off chasing falling stars until I lose my mind.
Haha yeah. I JUST got it. >.< Hmm. I'll try to take your advice.
I HATE when I get caught talking to myself
Everyone needs clean drinking water! That is why Clear2Go bottles w/ filters make excellent gifts for the holidays!
hey wats good?
Pledge to America written by former AGI and Pharma lobbyist. Good, bad or who cares? Your thoughts please listeners
At 10, our interview with the Master Lock employee who introduced the president. He tells us what they talked about backstage.
- Thought they had one in Louisville ? Go for a Kentucky Hot Brown at the "Brown Derby Hotel", at least.
RT : I travel like crazy. I'm intrigued! stay tuned! we're changing the way group #travel is done! :)
It's raining again but never fear the 27th Annual Tulip Fest gets underway in Woodburn starting today !
I will let you
Enjoyed Art in Bloom this weekend at MAM, but show stopper was Art of Animation exhibit showing art inspiration for Disney & Pixar movies.
good morning twitter.. today's the big day.
#NialllsBeautifulBecause well, everything. His personality, eyes, hair, and smile are perfect. I love his voice, its so sexy! (;
And that's what it's all about! Thanks Bill.
Watched geek charming. Have to say it was acctualy really cute!
you look like an angel lol its true to :D
U and Gia hands down
Naked Harry? Fuck Yes!!! :D
Thanks for the love! Let us know how you like it! RT : Got my sushi from today cant wait for dinner!! Yummy!!
Thank YOU for the follow. It is a gift to me to have inspired or "paved". Kick'n down doors!
so far, bass drum of death. Waiting for Dan Deacon though!
we want a chout out ! PLEASE ? :D
Opportunity waits on nobody..but I'm -1st in line..
It does not matter how slowly you go so long as you do not stop. –Confucius
Today is Yogi Berra appreciation day. Happy bday, #8!
feel better! I'm looking forward to Hollywood week!!
Completely stuffed from dinner at Trudy's in Austin. Really tired & ready to sleep!
Start off the weekend at Coa with one of our amazing margaritas!!! Today's special: chorizo & potato empanadas w. summer salad & mango sauce
Soon they'll make a movie about a family that discovers their subdivision was built on Fukushima. The dad = xtra mad.
Come get me, i'm bored...
Thanks for sticking with us during our hiatus. Stay tuned for more #flower news!
Wonderful post, Raima. And I think you already know, but I do most of my writing while hiking. Only sit in a chair for research
=/ idk, it will go to a post, but wont go to your page. im following u tho=)
Sexy madden lmao
-great! Send it my way at
okay i will email you :) are u free this week or tomorrow evening?
U know u left fl. When your the only one wearing a hoodie in 60 degree weather..im sorry im cold bih...
Gabe= set amanda=sun u get sunset
RT If something that u don't like is going on in your life, before u ask God 'why' ask Him 'what' He wants you to learn.
Being highly emotional makes it difficult to do business with me. Shoot me now.
Lucky #100: , a U Nebraska Press colleague! Yay!
i know thanks it's gawgggg
Any Janet Jackson fans out there who would like to see her perform in vegas MVP still has tickets to her sold out concert
I know what you mean about office supplies. Love it!
Going to to watch the season premiere of tonight. Maybe I'll be in the background!
Food for thought #wiunion. W/ JS so transparently in the tank for walker, can u trust Marquettes polls either anymore?
For sure! That's what's up!
what is up with Miss Leslie's 1857 hatred of the beaten biscuit or anyone that likes them? & when are you doing a biscuit book?
lol #bowltrain always melt my chucks, I hope you. Have a pair for every thursday? lol
"Is that even fair trade!?" said the toddler.
The Jetblue CMO was on my flight, now that is grassroots marketing at its core
is super excited for the Cactus Club Spelling Bee tonight. Drunk people trying to spell is going to awesome!
That's an interesting tidbit, though I don't believe the FBI can't monitor it. They monitor EVERYTHING!
Was #5 for a local search term, added myself on Wikipedia entry, moved to #2. - i run these interwebz <3
I'm good..wbu?
So sweet of you to save the puppy! I adopted my dog from a shelter - they found her in a box in the trash. So sick! :(
I'm too epic to fail ;)
Tweeting highlights of #EllaBaker Day. #EBDS. Great event! Thx again for honoring us with Ella Baker Social Justice Award last year.
My new short "RED-HANDED" premieres at El Cid Short Film Night Wed. October 5th. Doors open at 8. 4212 W. Sunset Blvd. Los Angeles 90029
Done with all the Whitney Houston coverage. No one gave a shit about her for 15 years-except to make addiction jokes but now we all care?
Jurors in Abdul-Jaleel trial back in court for clarification on 'attempted murder' charge. Deliberations continue
Bring it on, Earl.
lol i know funny huh now hes all mad at me lol that will teach him:)
A man who wants to lead the orchestra must turn his back on the crowd
well...lesson No.1: don't carry tweezers to court. Lesson No.2: Don't drive in DC. Lesson No3: don't park at street.
#ASAP MIXTAPE WILL BE DROPPING TONIGHT AT 7pm. MIXTAPE WAS CREATED BY
with all the attention on the Black church and the unfortunate fools some networks have chosen to put on screen, i still havent seen enuf
Wasn't it! Hope they do more :) “: THAT WAS THE GREATEST THING EVER”
wow 69 direct messages :o (((:
Me and possibly puttin it down tonight at Club 906!!
Just found out some shitt. Aight since we laying cards out.. Let's go Im holding. Some shitttt right here.. Men lie women the Numbers Don't
ima snap outta it, but I'm so tired!
She gotta ass that swallow up a G string haha
Thank u
not he on twitter! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
o u watching it on espn I didn't think u eva herd of espn lol
hey mark judge. "Screamo for life!"
Sunday...Sunshine....FREE BURGERS...does it get any better ppl?! 4-8pm 3810 SE Division (while supplies last, 1/person, don't have veg 2day)
Hahaha. It's a classic!
Thanks for being there for me man, I appreciate it. Keeping the dream alive, yessir... but have a lot to catch up on /Cc
Wait, how do I get a checkmark?
......you’ll think it will turn out. It’s not “routine,” even if that’s the spin coming from Lexington. -Eric Crawford
half tempted to gather the talented people I know and start a biz.
Hahahaha he was inspired by ochocinco.... Says a lot
#whosgonnalose - GMAC bowl - Central Michigan v Troy - Troy will lose
ouch...a 2-4 start dave...hunker down!!
that's my nigga wat he do to u smh
Love that, Darren.
He's Asian isn't he?
id throw some lyrics out there but yall wouldn't get em -- diversify your music & broaden your horizons
HELP! My daughter is a huge Big Time Rush fan and I can't find where on your facebook page I register her for the contest
Hi Stella. Thanks for the follow.
the interview with goldsmith
Looking for a great way to cap off your weekend? Stop by our Pearl store today at 4pm for a beer tasting with our beer specialist Philip.
I already have a scrapbook and paper so you don't have to worry about getting anything if you don't want to.
I couldn't agree more!
definitely want to her more on this topic!
this sounds wildly inapprop but i always think of u when i hear usher- nice n slow. i know u love that jam!
Follow Friday
But that's me looking at things like LOGIC and STATS. Considering the trend this year, it may very well continue to defy all logic & reason.
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter Didn't like it now can't get enough of it something like you friend's girlfriend or your girl's sister
Hi to you too!! Sorry for late response. :)
time to ask for follow backs heck yahh:)
Tonight I will propose marriage to Joseph Gordon Levitt.
Who doesn't?? Morning, noon & night! “: Who else wants to dress like it's the mid-1960s?”
great!!!! Keep me posted for sure!!! Yes indeed! How long are you here?
For those that backed our Dying to do Letterman campaign -- just sent out requests for your info. Goodies out early 2012!
Oh 10 day vacation. . . you are almost here. . .
Success= conquering six awesome miles when sleep is the only thing on your mind
Happy First day of Fall! What are you eating today?
spending quality time with my family, love them to pieces
are you talking about yourself?
We have hate tweets!
Tell me more about it. The problem is that I'm way over my head on books that need reviews...probably about 50 waiting -- no joke
it's 1:43! make a wish Angels!
Please if you have any #Google+ invites left I would happily take it off your hands. are you listening?
Just finished "Getting Good With JavaScript". Great primer to start learning more advanced JavaScript. Thanks for the book.
wow what a day here on peoplestring! ; ))
you can take up al my precious time, because right now
Happy Thanksgiving to all! I am grateful for God, for my wife and daughter and family, for best friends, and for much more
I think it's just that the swim suit is so teeny tiny.
Road Scholar Gwen M. Ashburn “Mountain Women in Fiction" June 2, 7 p.m. Martin Memorial Library 252.792.7476. More in this series scheduled.
haha thanks :D
Anyone know of bike rack that will fit Honda Odyssey w/o a hitch. Not having much luck. Will go the hitch route if necessary, not preferred.
I lived at my current apartment for about 3 years and just now found out that my neighborhood is "Ivy Hill".
Reality show contestants are best viewed from a distance and in small doses.
Now Following : )
That shower was great.
Sunny, top-down driving home for lunch and playing with the puppy, then back to the office.
that's what my mom always says but it's never stopped me before
": "...We must love and be reverent of one another." ~Jack #Kerouac" awesome quote
melo is great in clutch but in first 46 minutes not good enough for me to
I know , its sickening but we can never know for sure :(
I hope you enjoy The Monuments Men. Thank you for spreading the word about their unprecedented role in preserving history!
I think the Asians would be cool with it
Surprise day of... Tadaaa! I win!
RT : Do your intellectual and creative life a favor with , , and
Excellent post loved seeing the performance data of image formats & loading times with
Another thing, about brown and white eggs. I need not tell you we do not eat the shells. The inside of each is the same. [1944]
Just visiting. Still in Spokane. You're back?
Think I want you still but it may be pills at work
I could really go for a nap right about now.
What do you call the sound a ghost makes when he calls you? A phone moan.
good luck tomorrow! I'll see you all in a couple months!
Duke is shitting the bed. :(
Did he win? We're about 8 weeks behind but think he's best.
but that's messed cause we even talked about it member? But alrighty
RT if u can help me put my icon up
I did that. My fault. Sorry!
We're out of goodbyes.
I didn't see it while I was there yesterday working the tractor pull.
Bummed I'm missing 'a return to Pittsburgh.
ooog so we goin by Alex rules...idk about that lol, and yeah youu are a bully. watch youu punch me in the face today lol
Johnny's Irish pub hosts the cd launch party this saturday starting at 8
Is this fa real did get a twitter?! Ah shucks it's over lol
Good hang with tonight. Can't wait for Saturday!
I'm tired of the midwest and all of it's crabby ass people.
If I were a woman, I'd change my name to Alma Webinar.
Buying some Grapples...supposedly they crumb like apples bit taste like Grapes!
you need a guard that will run the pic and roll, hopefully Baron is up to it. Losing Chauncy hurt you guys.
I just did the eye chart like 10 min. ago. I'm already getting a hard time reading the 6th line ._.
Finally getting around to exploring Google Buzz...not sure how I feel yet...
love you though!!!
Welcome chicago!
-- sounds enter the water / on this night / little cuckoo #haiku ~Chiyo-ni
all in the name of comedy, wait until I demonstrate the helicopter!
CANT WAIT TO SEE YOU IN NYC<33 please tweet me !!!!!<3333333333333
Reason I Don’t Have Any Tattoo’s Is So I Don’t Have Any Identifying Marks Except For The Freckles On My Left Arm That Spell Out “Steve”….
make love to the night
I want to see in concert so bad
Parents piss me off.
Be who you are and say what you feel, because those who mind don’t matter and those who matter don’t mind.
PLEASE FOLLOW ME ALEX? i would love if you did. <U+2665>
WaPo, 1982: "Personal computers have invaded our homes, threatening to make marriage and family as obsolete as last year's video game."
Teleportation would work. I was once delayed 5 hours from SFO to SNA. Driving would've taken about 7 hours.
Yesterday is history. Tomorrow, a mystery. Today is a gift—that’s why it’s called the present. So, can I return today for store credit?
Well that's going to upset my friend. xD Yeah but I don't care. As long as I marry Moses and we have beautiful green eyed kids.
RT : I'm gonna be using the hashtag #letstalkteensex along with , so feel free to join in the conversation
Ugh. I'm such a sucker.
Madonna has gone Matrix
It has to be an odd # like 59 right? #Joke RT : BTW: adding in 58 meta keywords is not SEO folks.
no!!!! Hurry and rub some dirt everywhere.
you bet, love your posts, so insightful.
#GoTribe Im such a pronk. Losing my logical senses.
I have a feeling New Years is going be so much better when I'm 21......
I know I was born and I know I will die. The in between is mine. - Eddie Vedder
Pleased to be exhibiting at #NEC3UG as Paul Morrell gives keynote speach.
It was perfect that one time :)
Edward Teller~ Two paradoxes are better than one they may even suggest a solution.
Lmao RT : You text him, he doesn't text back. Obviously, he was "so" excited that you texted him, that he fainted. Obviously.
Where are all the buyers? 15-year fixed mortgage rate is 3% today
Shoulder bruised from toting around two very heavy carry-ons up and down stairs and mile long terminals at JFK and PHL.
Subway should have a team and preferred real estate vendo that can help you.
What's your philosophy on dating?
I'll probably throw up
Oh you been to rehab three times? When are you graduating?
Would be pretty cool but a little bit of a drive. Oh and sorry bout the Pens... What shows you going to 1st leg?
Just attended Billy Hampton's funeral. Fitting tribute to a great guy who died far too young. God bless you, Billy.
Attending Brazil Forum lunch featuring Senator Richard Lugar
Foursquare much?
can you tell me what wisconsin/marquette line shows right now?
benjamin banneker invented the clock... Why are we as a ppl always late for shit??? #ColorPplTime smh
you're cute when you're angry. Basketball tomorrow?
I want to open a Bird only pet shop and call it "That's So Ravens"
Thank you! Things are shaping up =)
No foul ??
Beauty gets the date. Substance gets the ring.
Great race. Congrats
...up super early.
I smelling like Subway
Damnit, I missed 11:11, now I have to wait 12 hours. D:
I asked God to remove people out of my life that weren't contributing to His will for me but I didn't expect it to happen like this.
Crisis averted. Red Swingline back up and running. Could have been a disaster.
I want a new Blue Jays jersey...
Are we that hard up for showing to watch? READ A BOOK for goodness sake!
haha no worries man. No offense taken at all
Sick of that fucking mom and her daughter crying in the verizon store commercial. I see it so much and it really pisses me off idk why......
Thank you SMPS San Diego for another successful event! Thank you to our sponsors - Sparling, McCullough Landscape Architecture, Webcor, and…
Man Courtney you are killing me. Lol
do any of u ever ask yourself are vampires real?
Don't joke with me PERIOD , were not friends , do you get it or NO . Tf
why you gotta be so mean
ACL special!! $150 for a set of 45 lashes! Book by October 3rd!!! Spray tans just 35 dollars!! (book before October 3rd)
Need to pay him as an elite RB or elite player? Agree on the "reporting" thing.
: Check it: Digital objects in the real world-- catalysts for real conversation?: wp.me/s1AO1z-repudo And have fun in DC!
like the tweet said punk I dnt wanna work
What's pink popcorn taste like? Strawberry?
thanks baby i i love you so much xooxoxoxox
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY! Hope its a great day! :)
sure but can I do it later cause I'm busy doing something right now :)
People underestimate me.
I think it's hilarious that they have ads for Rosetta Stone language learning during Locked Up Abroad.
Awesome, enjoy it! Billy is great!
RIP Maurice Sendak, author of the beloved book, "Where the Wild Things are Tested"
I think we got blocked
"Give all of us the strength to remember that what we have is special. That it can be taken from us, and when it is we will be tested."
Employers, military, insurers, sports,...don't want their people on drugs for very good reasons. They will still test (alcohol)
DAAAAANGIT! I'll be at 's graduation.
The never make a bad album. It doesn't exist in their music.
I love watching airport reunions. Pure joy!
Whole season in basement vs. miss playoffs by a few games. Basement surely worse fate, but heartache of just missing is awful. Cmon
"I'd call my old pal Ronny Lowe & he'd carry her out of bed and tuck her in the backseat of his car" - Jack's latest, reorb.it/jackkerouac
ya boi turned
hope everyone had a good weekend! trying to get organized... any suggestions???
I'm setting up the collection items right now for your visit!
follow me i follow bakk
We also have to go to Teen Hoot "Hoot Fest" ....July 6-7....they will all be there!
PINK Nails.. GOLD Rings..
Wendler phase 2 week 1 starts now. Back squats here I come
Blake Hauling is at your service, rain or shine. Drive safe in the rain!
I tell my peeps to come thru after dark.
Happy Mother's Day to everyone's mommys!!
RT Love will change your mind
Thanks for RTing us!
Super excited for sleepover later today !
Me: My ass is leaving me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094> Darnelle: (smacks lips) you better go catch it . Lmao. Done.
i just made bacon pie!
"You cant be the manager, because im the manager" "Well, i can,,,If I kill you" :)
They just played Glad You Came back to back on 96.3 lol (:
Reminder that ticket prices for our NYE event increase at midnight. Get your tix now.
too much $
now following ya! :)
TOUCHDOWN BUCKEYES USC BITCHES!!!!!!!!!
I love the sport febreze for my car after sweaty workouts
Complete with the same outcome, hopefully! :)
fuuuuuck this sucks. I was gonna try an hit my bikini lines thurs...shit lol
We got food n drinks we at da palace chilling girls looking lol let stop before get in trouble
They play all the new music out here on the East Coast!
RT Experienced one of the most heartwarming gift of kindness in my career today thanks to the work of #AT&T, ”
thanks- happy Friday!
Hilton phx airport
I love Fizzy Family <3 follow me please? {:
But really, there is like 10million things that remind me of him. DAILY.
YOUR NBA CAREER WILL BE A WASH U HAVE NO HEART U SHOULD BE OUT THERE NO MATTER WHAT ! KEEP LISTENING TO HANNAH MONTANA BUM!
RT : Try as u might, u will have off days. Ppl might see u at less than ur best. Fear not!Just a reminder that u r human!
Thanks to all of Our Follower's Be sure to checkout Out our new wristbands at www.SNOCLOTHING.com For the cure for Cancer.
I find it strange how I'm doing better in my college level class than in my regular classes!
I do not understand why I cannot find red flats in a 9 without selling my first born child.
Just because Firefox is my favorite browser doesn't mean I don't hate it.
#rivalry Watching yankees vs. Redsox, good baseball game! 9-8, Boston up in the 8th inning.
Sorry... Didn't mean to rub it in! Lol! I was excited & I knew you'd be too! Hope we can pull out a win!
Great workshops/talks at UX immersion Portland OR. Definitely learned a lot about Mobile design and working with agile
I'm not in the mood for nobody
's SALVAGE THE BONES will be available in paperback on April 24th!
Lolol I love how me and just quoted the entire strawberry swisher pt.1 song to one another<3 xD
#schoolmemories the awkward moment when my geography teacher walk around with crayon on his back of his sweatshirt :D
hahaha!! Okie dokie(: Wayne will get right on that!
Does anyone know somebody in the San Diego South Bay area that was affected by 9/11? Would like to get in touch with them for a story.
I love you and your voice is amazing.
yes! I am interested!
Unyankable journalists. RT : Matloff: don't wear necklaces, ponytails, earrings, anything that can be yanked.
Oh really? :/ I don't know about a teeth pup, Max had all his when we got him.
i wanna eat panutbutter n jelly with youu :)
says Ohio couple pleads guilty to running $200,000 ticket-sales scam on
Sounds like a nice way to spend a Saturday! Thanks for coming in!
things are going much better with Keagen, thank you buddy.
. closes saying that the education provided by #CFB scholarships are valuable, and that football is a social good.
Name has to be something that is not trendy, otherwise you'll be rebranding. - Joe Englert
I've only seen three of my classmates since graduation.
it was a good hang famo!
I just had to clarify my daughter's tweet to see if she was being sarcastic or serious. Thanks, Twitter for complicating parenting.
#fridayreads April & Oliver by tess callahan
I think all hipsters are pulled towards downtown Milwaukee with some strange force from their organic magnet bracelts.
Pandora is reading my mind tonight
I don't like Tornados! I use to think living in CA with earthquakes was scary but I think tornados freak me out more!! Have a safe night.
How Did Belly Motions Begin? | Belly Motions | Studio News
There is no way to be a perfect mother, and a million ways to be a good one. -Jill Churchill
When U.S. starts supporting Pell recipients w/ conditions required for "excellence" then u can demand it. Not til then
Just might have to run home and get my CD. I'm itching to hear "When the Boys Light Up"!
Stomping Purdue is gonna get a little old for them. They need some more variety.
I'm saving you two for next time.. When are you all coming back to Muncie?
So tired of all this drama seriously people need to grow up
Sweet! How about the Bucks? I hope they can hang in there & push for the 8 seed in the east.
Just bought some grad school textbooks thru Buy a book, & one gets donated! (& a Peace Corps Mali friend works there)
like news channel 3?
my parents are going to kill Brian.
Apologies for the lack of tweets lately. Been reading the 1st draft of our Food for Thought book. Very exciting! Will be published in Aug!
Good luck!
Cadillac ranch right next to blue in kendall
I am. He doesn't seem creditable.
Next step, finding our team.
Thick girls trying
watching JB on ridiculousness!!!! I love u <3
I wonder if ever feels like he's on the losing side of the most important battle out there.
You guys really are
Thanks for the warm welcome, folks! Slowly finding my sea legs.
Small business Saturdays! Come check us out!
i'm gonna call you
Thanks, yours are good too! Fun isn't it?
Off 2 do a couple of master classes @ USC (Los Angeles) w/Mintzer & Pasqua. Then visiting some old ex-relatives & finally the redeye to NYC.
Thanks so much! I loved reflecting over all these great photos portraying motherhood in all its glory :)
Hey sweetie you look cute i'n your pic with your pretty eyes
#oomf knows we get too sillay
Radio bumping
just say no!
Can't wait 2 fix my phone so I can follow again!! U kicked some LA butt 2nite, girl!!
Eeeeeps!!!! That's all I have. Pretty much sums it up.
great day, and yours
Wait a minute is gonna be in the mini camp are they crazy???
S/O to all my new followers.......
kay bye <3
apologies. Happy to chat any time. Good job on story.
I don't understand why you ever thought DNS blocking was a good idea; doesn't give me confidence in yr tech knowledge
I think they're still repairing the reflecting pool in front of the Lincoln Memorial?
thanks, we saw a need and no one else was doing it. Do you do relationship skills with your girls?
Hope you found a ride!
Are you still considering an NFL comeback? You're 50 now! Please consider the Packers if you do.
#iThinkOfYou when i sleep when i eat when i boo boo then after i flush no more you
now it's just ten more days... weights today.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MY BOY!!! Muah!!!!
Thx for the RT:) Have a great week!
Tuesday. Lunch. Let's do it. 11-2. Bring a ten dollar bill, and you'll get change. Be there! Or, be... square.
LOL! :) I'd be ok with that.
If only I could accept boys as much as I accept Nutella...
Be rich in character and make an impact on the lives of others. Just a HANDful of Love each day will add up to incredible change!
I there
Josh is the rudest dog in the world. Sitting in office on laptop eating lunch and just comes and sticks his nose on my plate
Awesome time at #PassportDC today! Such a wonderful event :)
Ozzie: "I expect to be here a long time..I am willing to do everything to make things better.""
Follow/unfollow bug. Don't know who I'm following anymore. Like a stalker not invested in his target.
Sometimes I just wish I could be in a Grand Theft Auto Vice City game.
Christ, in the 4 gospels, taught the milk of the gospel and only taught the meat in His parables.
The outdoor pool could use some breaking into. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Someone go shove some trans fat down Angelina Jolie's throat...
we love u
ABC luncheon in dntwn ROC, city council, police chief, agency heads, local anchorman Alhart there to salute pub historian Dr Anderson
evil bastard
Andrea Roller, an auditor in the U.S. attorney's office who assists in the prosecution of "white-collar crimes," takes the stand.
Home Run O's
Thanks (: I'm taking my sketchbook to school tomorrow to show Mrs. Aliano.
Hitting the studio to finish up a vocal, you guys are really gonna dig this one
Craigslist missed connections are the craziest things ever. I'm gonna start writing in to those.
Wow, my first Twitter shout-out! Thanks, ! I'm glad we had a chance to hang out before you begin adventures in library school.
Watching last weeks episode and Crosby is wearing a headband... What?
Ima Kill This BITCH i Swear To God
Your a daimond short of perfect :)
Wish the Packers had a game tonight.
That's awesome! Thanks :)
Congrats! I too have recently entered 2007 with an iphone of my own! We are so fancy now.
Goldman Sachs and Bilderberg share a similar roster. Did you know?
if I do I'm going the day he plays!
use those watches we got back in the day!
LCC Members- RT this to be entered to win 1 free lunch for Administrative Professionals day at the Club this Wednesday!
I #followback follow for 100+ followers!!
J Alito asks about asylum applicants who didn't have registration docs "but no one thinks should be removed."
Also please follow me on twitter. Help me do what I love, it is so much obliged.
#CurrentStateOfTheUnion: IN: boarding school, NYC, K&D. OUT: day school, Westchester, A&C.
Gabriel, Michael, and Lucifer are the only angels named in the Bible.
I'll drink to that
Today will be a beach day I think :)
Your kind donation will HELP families and children in Japan... www.american.redcross.org
is that at the mall?:)
A terrific day for the Greek Festival on Preston St. That baklava sundae was fabulous and well-priced!
- you would leave CO to come to Austin -excited 2 see u - & u likely need adult supervision now. Got disposable coffee cups!
In middle school, I stole my sister's "Check Your Head" cassette tape and listened to it so much she got it back and the tape was worn.
It's like I didn't even get up this morning.
On the bus heading home from a great Jimmy Buffett concert. Cold and rainy but still a good time.
#ICantStandPeople who are ignorant
#Monsters: which would you choose: to meet lady gaga or be in the monster pit?
no problem :) follow me
not you. They are ready. Go browns.
we are having a long delay in email notifications when our design team sends out updates, how can we fix this?
Ready to get 18 in with Daddio.
#ThingsBetterThanNickiMinaj Absolutely nothing. I love you, Nicki.
My dog officially made her own version of the potty dance. Lol. Funniest thing ever.
Happy Labor Day Weekend Bill. Thank you for the #FF!
oh dang... drops haha
just got home from penny sake. I love penny sake.
Dangit, i should have hit this morning. Guess I'll be ringing in a new year with an old dress.
really looking forward to checking you out tonight. Any password needed or just come introduce
That is a wonderful passing. You are in our hearts and thoughts. Lance & Christine
thx. Do u have a reward if u make it?
which station? I need Chuck.
We can't wait to read you book Growing a Farmer! Do you know how we can get a review copy?
5 Benefits of Cloud Hosting | Internet Technology Blog
#truelife my stepbrother is a creep.
Alternative Investments: The Shift To Real Estate
Meet some great members 2day @ the Builder Road Show hosted @ the Design Studio, sharing the latest in homebuilding!
I just want to notice me.
#CelebrityApprentice ... This is gonna be a good season!
grades first, then sports in my opinion!
Literally throwing away memories too.
*hugs u* haha
of we combined we would be scary sexy
Two additional free tools are LinkedIn and Notable Names Database.
welcome back to the Burgh.
You can tell Amazon review is by friend/family if reviewer has reviewed no other books, or only books by same author.
Laundry day = Boring day. arrrrggggh
I just found out that the Geist 5K Race on May 21st is sold out. If anyone has a bib (or two) and wants to sell it, please let me know.
Feels weird to always have my face in my new iPhone. Will this fun wear off soon?
did Fat Vanessa tell you that ?
Cam and Carmin know how to have fun... Let's leave it at that. :-)
Ok name this song : This one is for the boys with the booma stystem top down ac with a cooler system:)
Judge asking which statutory guideline does the GAB have to deny ballot access?
This weekend's excellent reading: Skellig, by David Almond, and The Rules for Hearts, by
is interviewing next year's InterActivity host #childrensmuseum from Portland OR Peter B.
Human beings are perhaps never more frightening than when they are convinced beyond doubt that they are right. ~Laurens Van der Post
Omg i'm fucked...
my smart women friends in book clubs are all reading 50 Shades. We should do some promo re: book clubs & best way support writers, spend $
what's up with these fans invading the field. 2nd time this season right
if you love justin bieber your obvs a new belieber cuz if you have been one you would miss the old justin with every fiber of your being.
cover is absolutely retarded. Were they drunk or something??
Next Tournament Ill be at is the best buy classic in may! then I'm at every tournament from there on out!
Congratulations to for being named NBA D-League MVP today! Justin is the leader of this team and this award reflects that!!
I didn't believe in sharts until I obliterated my boxers when I was 19. Thought you would like to know.
Shoot- I may have to start making some money off of art... I think I might have to be a sandwich artist so that I actually could get paid
I agree! So refreshing!
no interruption makes me feel like a serious boss
Don't support the Mexican cartel, don't smoke reggie.
not close at all...Eminem is it. Best selling rapper alive and 2nd only to 2Pac. Lyrical master.
I'm sorry!
thanks for the RT!
You would be Moss removal not moss removal.
What i i would do to have you here what id do to have you near, i wish you were here.<3 love you dad
Thnx Pat--enjoyed our coffee and appreciate your helping the mission!
This is just awful. I'm emotionally unstable.
Bitch I better see you in 10 minutes, other words .... you better come to school ! <3
no one yelling at Rumer, Scout, Qbert, Cassidy, Kendall, Hunter, Cody, Dylan, Rubella Scabies, Condoleeza Marie, or Gummy Sue?
Crazy busy!! On the grind!! Taking over!! Watch us shine!! JoshBEmpire is on the rise!!
SURE YOU DID LOL U KNOW THE NEW BTR EPISODE THAT COMES ON ON SATURDAY THEY FILMED DURING TOUR
The best coaches around the nation are going to be in #DC this weekend for the Global Pickup Conference! Come see me speak!
freak u lucky i eating....POPS.O
I will never have kids. Or at least when I have a kid I will be the parent and make sure he behaves. Control your child.
I wonder who else has a Twitter. Its hard to find people.. : / There is to much and I get to lazy looking threw everything.
Why do I always end up in line at Walgreens when Dave Matthews Band is playing?
#Happy #New #Year everyone! Have a safe and wonderful time! We'll see you on the in 2012!
Won't be able to play at Freitas as is long-term. Sounds like the XL Center in Hartford is most likely option, at least to start
lasagna at perbacco was quite delicious. perfectly cheesy, meaty and a little winey. thanks for the rec
hahahah! That would be me!
Dana announces progress on #USPS stamp and special cancelation stamp. Also, visit from King and Queen of #Spain in 2015.
45 min/1 hr to drive to chitown after school plus 45 min/1 hr to get to the hotel and get settled. BAMPPHHH
spanish with
“: In case you're wondering, I will be covered in lotion laying in the 85 degree sun on Myrtle Beach all day today :)”
So now snow decides to lay why can't it do it when we have school..
Still working on spikedriver blues...i keep watching that video!
is on street team, for Indiana (: please put #JWhitesidesST in your bio <3
I'd appreciate an explanation.
it looks like I won't make it to the party ,have to work : (
hope to see you
I commend you sir. Changing double diapers and cleaning puppy poo is lot of commitment.
You've kicked off Congrats. I liked 's Vanna White moment showing off book at start ;)
This coke is doing unspeakable things to me right now.
"Data visualization" has C-suite support : They offer free training to managers on how to effectively present & communicate it.
Want to see us in your town? Tell us about your favorite local venues! We want to know where you guys are seeing your best shows.
Fuck ya less im with ya
Imma make it to the Moon, even if I have to crawl.
Wish every team had someone as hilarious as on Twitter.
Bout to make sum moves
any friend of is a friend of mine :)
What ever happened to 's 25 Cities project? cc:
I'm setting the odds at 80% chance that our grades plummet
The Manpacks logo is like a bat-signal for smart, inspired people. Always a pleasure meeting them via our live chat.
"the bad thing about dark is all the rape it makes, herpa derp".
RT : A net of 207,821 people moved into Texas from other states from 2007 to 2010; 264,749 moved out of California.
That should be me to be your boyfriend not him
Alison Bechdel is brilliant in person. I'm so happy she came to Milwaukee
Thanks to for hosting our social last night, and to for your presence there & all the giveaways!
eww why does it have hair on it?! All NATURAL baby you like that?
q asco el real Madrid, por favor
cool...I guess
Nice to meet you too(:
My aunt and me are packing up a week in clothes for Flordia.Im excited to look at the house and stalk Ariana lol:]
in that case, congratulations! :)
would also prevent him from leaving the starter in too long
20% of diners in the US would prefer texting a restaurant than calling or make mobile payments. Text me: 916-420-6020 for more info
Hypothetically of course, are there somethings better left unsaid? or would you wanna know instead? <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A7><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B5>
But I totally am. Wanna give us a prompt?
witnessed the most epic hiccup performed by moi... It was awesome.
I'm nobody's fool.
I'm getting a jump start on Fri. Cant help myself. Have a good one! :)RT : thanks for the early #ff Happy Friday
"Terrorist" threats against banks are generated by Homeland Security and the FBI. Bet...
processes hands down..
A world with more than 1 hero isn't realistic but one w/ a flying car is ....
You know that's not really me, right?
it sure is! we can't wait!
yep! We had that tonight too. The place upstairs overlooking Michigan Ave with the jazzy music. Same nite as the huge choco cake.
Thx for blowing me off -_- some friend you are
This is the first time #badgers have played inspiring ball all year! Hope they can pull it out now.
L. Deng Requests Refugee Support
pass I'm not that brave...rustlers has great food though, enjoy
When in doubt bake cake! You can never go wrong with that
I enjoy my job
lol to the comment on the class reunion page.. Maybe they should've taken the hint
THEY WOULD SAY GRAND!OMFGD: I MISS VINNY SO FUCKIN MUCH.
I enjoy when the cafe has a 99 cent soup special but the $2 spoon charge rubs me the wrong way
Fantastic work by staff who worked on the Christmas special, on now. A look at memories from 2011.
It's World AIDS Day. Over 240k Americans do not know they are HIV +
It's officially Carnival Season! Do you ever go to carnivals?
Very nice (and super inspiring!) to see you! Hope you have a great week!
idk if im goin im sick :/
Bathroom floors should be durable, water resistant, safe — and, of course, beautiful.
thats fine with me lets make plans
LMAO Nothing is Impossible for that man
I know I want a hamburger!
I'm HONESTLY not worried. I don't expect Rio to get 26 again, but I don't expect Wade to have 5pts and 5 TOs again either
Auyoung: the "opacity" of Dickens that James saw as aesthetic flaw - he's all surfaces - actually embodies a philosophical insight
f**k it. we're announcing follow thursday. - 5 people/orgs we respect.
Mat Sale: THIS WEEK ONLY... 10 classes only $99! Hurry - ends Friday!
baby, your all I need and moree!< 3 (:
Start your morn w/ a moment of reflection, some fierce intention, a bit of activity to activate it + a good breakfast. Watch your day soar!
when's next Austream ?:(
61 cars in the shop. That's what I'm talking about.
Just Wrapped Up My Audio Piece.
#TwSIG Students creating presentation to clients to rebrand. Using Kickstarter to raise funds to start art event in the city. T gets it out
You will will never know just how beautiful you are, to me.
I'm emailing my business partner and he's sitting right across from me...
Morning Sunshine! I'm feeling positive about Detroit today. :)
Damian Juado 7" records are the perfect ending to one hell of a month. Sincere thanks to all of you.
Just saw a little kid motorboating a manikin
AZ PartyLife Productions very own up and coming DJ NOBuDDY is killing it on the decks right now @ San Felipes Desert Ridge here til 2am come
Until you find yourself, it’s impossible to lose you. Because I never had you, although I would be glad to
Cool. Glad you like the idea. You setup a profile? Thoughts? How can we make it better?
Friends; I love them, they love me. How am I supposed to live without them? Second best and big family!!! KLSKSHESAHDJKEFHSDJDHA!
#ChildrensMuseums can contact their local to find out about scheduling a Sid the Science Guy event
3 Suspended OSU Players reinstated for Miami game---and you can now check out the uniforms the Buckeyes will be wearing for the Wisc. game
Crashing early tonight, got a busy day planned tomorrow.
Email from Mr. Ma Guang Lu says has biz proposal for me for $17.3 M USD. If dollar doesn't fall more, it might buy me lunch this week!
I just shot the tail off a dragon. In exchange, I got a nifty sword. I'd say it's a fair trade.
You're straight?!
barn tomorrow afternoon?
anyways , at homee --havee to work pus'as concessions tonight -_-.
#Cubs comeback win against the Reds today an important step in making our inevitable collapse more painful.
A great alternative to sit-ups, dumbbell side bends will work your entire abdomen for a killer six-pack!
Whoa, let's not hate on The Lumineers just b/c Cities 97 picked them up 1st... Entry show was great!
Me: "Nice neck brace Jason Derulo" Jason Derulo: "Jay-Son Duh-Roolooo!" Me: "*facepalm*"
No, their management is so strict with what they say now. Scooter Braun was just like "yolo" when The Wanted was in the US.
eesh. i totally get where he was coming from (and what his post actually said) but the title, not so great.
I'm writing a piece about whether you should ever "fire" a client... Ever had to do something like this? I'd love to hear your story.
Good. *smirks* DM me if you want to rethink my offer okay? You have the makings of an alpha.
Dear Hoes, Your Worthless, Mean, Use People, Tryna Be Cute.Well Yhur Not People Hate You Even More Of Wat You Do. You Make Your Life Worse.
Any tools for creating Infographics?
lol i cant stand her at all
Im readdy to die with Justin's sexyness in that cover ;)
RT : If we dont have it we can find it! If we cant find it....we can make it!! Stop in to Dinys Jewelers in Middleton!
Contact us with any question about proper Insurance coverage in Florida 321-234-1690
Glad to see that your are ok. Millions of people love you and enjoy seeing you happy. :-)
Wish you could join us.
Editing montage. Awww yeah
ugh school
Great meeting you too. Have a nice Fall!
Can't wait to see TINTIN! About time they made a movie about him and little snowy.
hahah thats hilarious. You would give your kid brother to band guy?
It's ridiculously addictive. I find myself yelling at the TV and I've never done that.
Just heard some guy tell his son that "littler" is not a word. Why not? Jerk.
LOL! “: Just saw the most Latinos on NBC ever! (#KentuckyDerby jockeys)”
I want to take you where the night never ends.
Vaginies is not a workout...gabe's dad is a funny one
I'm pretty sure the Brewers did it a few years ago
Hmm my love made some bomb food me me & him :)
Anne Tyler~ People always call it luck when youve acted more sensibly than they have.
thanks for the support! how can i get a feature!
I have. No idea what to do right now lol
today, all i'm really waiting for is for something worth waiting for...
You had me at hello :)
Legs so tight :(
A brand for a company is like a reputation for a person. You earn reputation by trying to do tough things well.
does your heart ever hurt from having too much fun? LOVE LIFE!!
There is still time!
Good morning tweeters!!
Huge congrats to my girl on her Daytime Emmy nomination for Supporting Actress!!!!!!!
great timing! Always offer help once move is done.
What a wonderful idea! And Joan Didion certainly deserves a week celebration! We can't wait for "Blue Nights" to pub!
Birthday shoutout to Kellyaayyyy! Best friend and roomie I could ask for :)
yes yes yes!!!
Wondering if there isn't some way for BOTH Minnesota AND Dallas to lose today...
now that's the real toots
": Strawberries... nomnomnom!" .....I love strawberries, save me some lol
Coolio just came on my Pandora. Do I win now?
Facebook and other social networks can allow that to happen
yes i do remember you love(: hi :p
Q4 via How does your domestic trip differ from an overseas one (aside from the location)?
If I put periods, that means I'm being seriouss. Is I end with a !, or ? Or a face, then its aall good aha.
Thanks to St. Vincent, Nuvo, GayIndy.com, CVS Pharmacy, Indy Pride, The Royal Group, Starbucks and Music for All for supporting
You're everywhere Chris. Good stuff.
Didn't attend or follow CiL, I got burned out on that conference when things started to sound the same year after year.
So the Jet's delivery guy comes to our front door, when i get to the door he says "I dont think this is yours, just always come here".
thanks for the love
We are not done
Happy Friday! Office Tacos?
Debbie Gibson started recording her Out of the Blue album on this day in 1986. She was only 16.
sorry I forgot!!
This Month's > Keeping American Music Alive: Geoff Muldaur is one of the great voices and musical.... www.geoffmuldaur.com
Rahul, right, we never did get to chat! We should definitely connect in SF!
It's almost 7am and we're almost in Philly. Thank you Connecticut for being amazing. Troc balcony tonight!!!!
The Secret of My Success. To be honest, I mostly enjoy it because Michael J Fox's character is named Brantley
"A Man is no more than who he is when he is on his alone on his knees in prayer."
“: “: thanks 4 the follow, much appreciated!” No problem!! Sorry it took so long -TJ” Lol no worries!
gosh I was jus kidding dang.
Racing to meet my gf at port authority bus station. Maybe not the most romantic place to start valentines day.
Man I Really Want to Play Grand Theft Auto
I swear I just saw an ad for Lovers Lane featuring you in some restaurant.
Wishing you lots of luck!
Road trip with Molly's mom, Molly, & my sister ;D FUN! <3
Don't forget when you ask someone a question and their answer begins with "So,"!
lmao!! Tea time!
i thought it was 'wew' ? lol.
I'm sure he will!!! Miss Darsy bout to join the MILF club ;)) hahaha
this crap is hard when you're far away
Dear girl wearing flip flops in a snowstorm...your iPhone has a weather app. Seriously.
This inmate on tv talking shit as guards toss him around. I'm thinking lawd! he has to feel like a bish wanting revenge right now.
Excited to watch some March Madness with this weekend!!
HAHAHAHA Your Twitter is legend . :,)
It was fucking great meeting you & Neil today. Wish I was here till Sunday to catch the show. Roll through Denver soon, bud.
so um I like Chu. :]
Check out Andrea Seikaly's first installment of "Reel Life," in which she takes a look at one item of film news per week....
#instantclassic TRAINING DAY
Belle & hey beest kijken met Lisa! <U+2665>
<3 RT : and their Chef's choice deal are too good
Thanks!!! Are you having fun with it yet?
I'm pretty sure I'm married to a hot girl
But no lines, and no wing night!
Seriously, I need to call Hoarders in order to clean my grandma's house.
Global Crash's album "Echolalia" is now available on iTunesJapan, ambient, electronica,IDM music for fans of AFX!!!!!!!
"TODAY may be THE DAY. Never give up! YOU NEVER KNOW. Go, go, go!" ~S.M.W ...PERSEVERANCE pays... get ready to cash in. ;)
Of course - glad to make it.
Thankful for this Cool Spring Weather!
- get Carl Q back. Not an Andrew fan. Too liberal & not as smart as Carl.
I miss my baby soo much...everytime he calls & I hear his voice makes me miss him even MORE<3 grrr.
Tonight I'm watching "Jack et Jill" followed by "Jules and Jim".
Thanks love. RT : don't cry, Qi! It'll get better. Love ya! <3
Hope that you didn't get rained on too much in #Guatemala Wishing you safe travels on your return back home!
Movie recommendation is Sigourney Weaver in "Aliens"
I think we can go ahead and say it's none of the ppl above :/
Oh, shoot! It's too late to go see JOHN CARTER, isn't it?
I am accustomed to sleep and in my dreams to imagine the same things that lunatics imagine when awake
Really! WHY RUN THE FUCKING BALL WHEN YOUR NOT GETTING IT DONE ON THE GROUND!
Thanks for the RT! Always good to share information like this.
UGLY shot by Terry just like against LA. Its like he forgot how to close. WTF? O great foul by the way VINCE! Curse of VINCE!
It's about the extent of my design skills... Perhaps I should fly to SF for your class...
thanks for caring abt my little Jenna.
Beat the heat with a blended Chi Chi. Heaven in a glass.
it is good now...good luck. Let me see if I can find anything
We are looking to get our blog back up and in action. Would you be interested in running a guest post?
Alright! :D I wanna see it
77% of girls think they are ugly, 100% are not.
Trying to think of new ways to raise y'all's taxes NC. I'm thinking either a tax on sleeping or a tax on breathing air
Thx Tim! Have a good weekend, man!
RT : 4 great tips and info follow here on twitter all week long!
Even for her, my 10yo was excited to audition for Alice , but for some reason she auditioned w/ the Oz scarecrow song.
Yeah, always has great posts!
Physical therapist says my back is like a brick - Considering I hvnt done upper body for the last 10mo I dnt think it was a compliment
Wayne Felber Live @ The Improv November 16th 2011: via Please watch and leave some feedback
#WhatNotToSayToThePolice I'm married to a cop, so I say pretty much whatever the hell I want to :)
Madison Pharmacy Associates | Vitamin E can reduce hot flashes, esp when combined with a low-fat diet high in vegetables.
I think it would be great to be the emperor of ice cream; that's like, so much ice cream
Seriously, I may have to go all J.D. Salinger meets Stephen Joyce when this happens.
Taking the Bull by the Horns!!! & Riding it Hard!!!
": I lay in bed every night and over think everything. #badhabit"
having problems trying to figure out how to get my blue ray sound to come out of my home theatre w/no digital audio input
baseball has to be the worst sport ever after watching that video!
Realtors! We want to hear from you! Do you view work emails on your computer or cell phone more?
a place where you meet youtubers :)
We're living in a fantasy, I feel it when you dance with me.
this one :P
You wanna see my dick real talk
#Recommend the #Korean TV series "I Love You." Characters are crazy, vulnerable, sweet & brash. Intriguing slice of Korean life-dramatized.
Thats actually not true.. I've been in lobbies with her when she is constantly talking to everyone
Char Booth is talking about learners and how we provide them with better service #oclcwebscale UCLA
AFSCME Local 171 steward Anne Habel: Union leaders are NOT meeting at Madison Labor Temple tonight to discuss general strike.
Oxy Mo: Numbing sensation... (kinda how I feel right now)
Jacking off will turn any animal into a romantic.
Great lunch with the girls :) now shopping <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><U+2764>
Printed and bound a couple of large orchestral scores to send to a competition before I realized they were accepting electronic submissions.
Never be afraid to sit awhile and think. ~Lorraine Hansberry, A Raisin in the Sun
hey favorite manager!!(: love ya&hope someday you'll notice!!(:
With a McEvilly at the Livonia Chamber luncheon featuring #miromney. Place is packed!
That's what matters! RT : I told you guys last week; he just wins games. 90 yd drive right? Hope Tebow wins the west & super bowl
"There’s no need to rush. If something is meant to be, it will happen. In the right time, with the right person, for the best reason"
I'll try to.
Excited. I've been waiting for this day for quite some time :)
you need to switch to "perhaps" statements. Or the "quite possiblies".
DC: we hear alot about FENTY and RON Moten; what's the story behind FENTY & DAVID Moten? Is DAVID why FENTY is so indebted to RON?
if we develop in-depth knowledge, it will enable us to give our best to others and help to make a better world....
Which is why we're all good at Twitter! RT : A1: The ability to write and speak clearly and concisely is essential.
Fact 3: and are my twitter besties :)
Just got an email for FREE VIAGRA!! Seriously, why would a lezzy need Viagra!? Duh duh duh duh dumbasses...
Can you send me a quick email? Don't have your current one.
waste not want not
I guess im going out lol
Back home and getting ready for LA
#DaniloPerez is showing us what he knows on the keys.
Big Happy Birthday to ! We should all aspire to be like her!<U+E34B><U+E044>
Nothing as exciting than sitting in a jury room waiting to be called or not called. Where are the cots?
": performing with at Cafe 4212 on Saturday!!!!!!!"
I'm hoping it'll go up next to Arnold's statue at Vets. My guess... it'll be next to a Dumpster somewhere.
Just crack him in the ribs will ya Resop?
Break out the boxes and packing peanuts. It's moving week. This one's goin off without a hitch.
I'm kind of jealous but fuck it. This ain't high school.
Brooks Conrad is the new Yuniesky Betancourt
sorry you're I'll. Next year...flu shot.
": California seeking the MOPAC region's first-ever mixed title. #mixedcurling #history"//go CA! cheering you on!
Seen during nyfw, helpful sign in elevator. We should all do this! Nyp.st/xzRjNb
you're right. :p i really like their newest single.
I really wish my phone would stop autocorrecting "how" to "hoe". I'm tired of offending all of my friends.
I'm so jelly I'm not even gonna lie <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
>>my pleasure, Ramon!
gonna be playing The Nick in Birmingham, AL on 4/2. Come show some love!
Relationships are about two individuals who maintain their own lives and create another one
In Touch!
We're on the table at a local station. Not us physically, but our show proposal. Looking for more sponsors: Email
GOD MORNING. no sleep. Lots of work all night. Coffee and gym. Today, DRINK WATER INSTEAD OF OTHER LIQUIDS. SEE HOW U FEEL
#teamtipsy request #tipsy feat on for the hot #8 at
Fuck the gym I'm goin home
you're welcome
I cunt believe you aren't going!
ill do anything at all just to be with you . I love you too angie. No one world can ever be like u . Ur a one of a kind piece
Ready for tomorrow night. Want to earnestly invite you out to experience Jesus! Join Us - 3108 McGinnis Ferry Rd, Suwanee, GA
#thatsadmomentwhen you tweet about mashed potatoes and when you go get some, you realize your dad ate them all :(
I hate getting bad luck constantly. It happens so much I'm starting to think that's how it's always going to be.
Celtics have only attempted one shot in the paint so far....
Family's coming today! YES! :)
OMG.. I forgot my #NewYears resolution lets see..Think Pooh..Think #NewYearsResolution Move out UNEEDED people & move in New and Better
how's it going? having a busy day?
Michigan emergency manager law could go to ballot
but seeing all these cute babies makes me think of the one I would have had RIP Jaden <3
er referred me to urgent care. Severe allergic reaction is no longer an emergency.
so true! : Thelen Tilden and Larsen both emphasized role of provocation but interpretation in NPS is all about avoiding conflict
No but money back guarantee.
The righteous won't be forsaken. You better believe it
We're at the today welcoming 500 guests to #Indy!
RT : Amanda Knox was freed today, proving again that the only thing Italians can do right is spaghetti and spray-tanning.
Hey baby girl, welcome to Twitter. Love love love you sexy :* :*
yes I'm upset it turns on but The page is black and u can only see the mouse what does that mean?
There's a mixtape I've been meanin to download/burn for like a month and I still haven't. Fuck
Tell it, great NY has 6 goalies on the ice, yeah yeah yeah.
I miss you, but I have been trying to forget you
I should be working on my English project but the internet is really distracting
Gotta get Adele album its a must
The value of experience is not in seeing much, but in seeing wisely
Love Suri, but on the next update see if you can voice text and read Facebook and Twitter messages! :-)
I am the native English speaker and cannot seem to beat my wife in words with friends.
I like that the cover is multiple stills
Can you hit me up with that link please? :) didn't seem to work
Vietnamese coffee and a good (though required) book- yep life is good.
can't wait to ride tomorrow on my new Orbea!
Not if A.Trammell doesn't get voted in.
The random apostrophe? I'm glad they fear no turds. Thats relieving.
I'm very good
Do you want to speak to the manager or someone who know's what's going on?
print model?
Hulk was an audience fav but Stark will forever be my love! Best of the series and I am SO seeing it again!!
Problem is being unsafe, drinking and driving are necessities to survive watching a horse race.
sweet:) I'm going for a run I'll text u when I'm otw:)
In a town. It's right by my place and it's the only station I've gone to for awhile. Ugh. Can't wait to move outta here.
Truth. RT : NikitaTMitchell #Scandal makes everything all better!!!!
I do it as a favor to them.
Congratulations to Mr & Mrs Adam Hoskins!
Last dance competition ever...#wheredoesthetimego?
Sold out at belly up tavern tonight for johnny cash tribute/80th birthday!
Hey Pittsburgh: Looking for a salon that's open on Mondays? We're here until 6 pm - come get gorgeous! 412-854-6881
Aw I just saw the cutest #ranga #babies!!!
haha sucks for you :)
Poll: Do you delete email or just mark as read?
I think we should crowdsource our NBA playoff picks to
: Remember that book Dear American Airlines? I could write my own today, how is ruining my Mother's Day.
Just arrived at hawthorne, watching R5 sound check!
Tutor Doctor New Mexico is now on Twitter. Follow us at
Merry Christmas!!“: Great night with family in TN for Christmas. Not the same at Grannys without Pop. Miss the heck out of him.
thanks man but im staying in tonight
Good Luck DC Assault Alumni in NCAA Tourney!!!
The one thing that really broke my heart was that all of my pictures from when I went to see the Maine in Dec. are all gone <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
There is no shortage of companies here at SXSW that could improve this interminable check-in process.
Google Chrome: Coffee: via
They Saved The Best For Last I Knew It !
Forgiveness will make you a better person, holding a grudge will make you a bitter person.
I have been looking for the UDK melee weapons and pawns, did that ever get done? 8-)
Happy New Moon!!
I love the show ridiculousness(:
I wasn't starving, until I read your tweet!
Gig Harbor Fishing would like to wish all you Mom's out there a very Happy Mother's Day and Good Fishin to Ya!!
RT : I'm the guest today! RT 12pm "ReMix" a show where guests share a mix of songs that has inspired them....
RT: God has you exactly where He wants you. Learn to be happy where you are, and God will take you where you want to be.<--- ...
that's some luck. Enjoy!
it depends on what you mean by "grownups"...but lots of ad professionals will be there!
Touring is NG's official Traveler magazine in Italy. is an old esteemed organization who knows the best secrets about Italy!
my old stoppin' grounds!
Thanks for following! come to the #IJP4 in #philly Nov 10-20 ! great lineup :)
Dirty girl.. RT : 69 in Psychology... not too bad! <U+E420><U+E41F>
GS Escondido Bath Remodel is offering 20% off on a full bath remodel to all Diversity Platinum members!!!!
love the haters ;)
And yet, you put #Community on hiatus. Not cool, NBC. Not cool.
I'm all set up at C2E2. Stop by table O4 and say hi!
Here at Speakaboos, we wish you and your family a safe and happy 4th of July!
yes!!!! all the sluggers in the central are droppin like flies. i'm thinkin the reds got a shot next yr
Think I might go to the movies tonight
Alright show time catch ya later
trying not to fall asleep, aha (:
i'm no better than anybody else...my sins get the best of me too at times...#it'saprocess
Not me wody!!!!
Way to go Spaniard......ya jackass.
how are you gonna criticize Kobes FIVE RINGS when Lebron has ZERO?!?! Smfh
Health care stories are coming in, keep it up! Tell your co-workers and family about us maybe they have a story to tell too.
oh word, you be fixing self checkouts like shit hahah
Stay tuned for an upcoming article with the Huffington Post regarding industrial changes in #SriLanka and what it could mean for you
“: is lovin da tee!! #support” <--Thanks we appreciate the love and business!
learn some airplane edicate
amen to that .. work harder indeed :)
What does your resume say - and not say - about you professionally. As 10 people you trust to review it. Tip: don't ask Mom.
Really? Just watch when i see you! Throw you in water!
Love putting my headphones in and dreaming
everything is factored in, cash and/or online play, tweeting about poker, poker blogs etc. If anyone grinds we want to know!
There's only two types of people in this world: People who smoke weed and people who need to chill the fuck out.
Some of you Ladies Twitpic'n your Mothers gone look ROUGH when yall get older.. DEEZAMNED!
Samurai Weapons!!!
I just read that too. laughing my ass off. They are run by idiots. The rest of the nfl is laughing at them as well.
Screaming Happy Birthday To The Beautiful And Talented I Love You With All My Heart Enjoy Your Birthday!!!!!!!!!
yh but i'm like seriously
I'll get ripped alright. Ripped muscles from working out too hard. LOL!
I hate when people don't text back right away! It makes me paronoid...
You original tweet did not say whether you liked it or not? It just said they pushed Detroit. Which is a horrible place.
wtf, lol, I think that's completely worst..
Happy Birthday Kourtney!
Any luck finding Trampoline WIN stuff online? Put it up on the wall or as a comment! Search for stunts or Cirque Du Soleil if you need help.
Can't even begin to explain how shitty it is when people you are close change--for the worse
anyone going out tonight?
every one is beutiful
maybe try neurologist? Or review of meds by dr usually goes to.
RT : I think Dr. Seuss could have been the greatest rapper! :D
Puck just sang Taylor Swift's "Mean" <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
Whats The Ultimate Christmas Present ? Obviously it would be getting a pair of SABRES!!
can't help thinking of The Munsters...Are they made with *real* men? ("Are they made with real Girl Scouts?")
Thank God summer is almost here.
God I wish they were streaming live video of the Supreme Court argument today.
is celebrating 5k completion at the Red Elephant with Meyers... bring on the Red Winephant!
I live in a very fucked up society
I really want some pancakes.
Thank you to all the veterans who have fought to give us the freedom to do what we love day in and out. We are especially grateful.
Airfare trends to Europe - Atlanta Journal Constitution
Your wit makes me want to lick your brains and that's so weird but I'm strangely ok with it.
And to think I once worried that a Phillies-Sox series could pit me against my current city.... At least the Yankees lost?
So today was awesome. Again, happy birthday Kenz (:
Recording soon....can't wait to have something crispy for you to pour milk on
Going to look at cars, then work from 6-11.
next year you and monta are gonna put the league on notice...enjoy the lottery,from here on out its playoffs for the bucks.
Johnny Estrada Slow How slow does Aramis Ramirez have to be to not leg-out that infield hit?
Wow. Powerful, but hadn't considered that yet tonight. They come for what instead? "Expertise"?
you guys should check out musicmatrix.com to promote your music and video
good night!:)
Damn ! giving all he can handle... and then some ! Let's go #Cotto !!!!!
ou been always dreaming for.
I think he could be very random!!! He looks perfectly random..That is a plus !! =) Good Mornin from the States
You are.
please meet My talented friend . Charlene will love your hats
#20ThingsAboutMe 5. I have eczema. & It's the worst thing ever. -.-
got to bout to shut it down lol
Complete crap call. RT : RT : Aaron Rodgers head appears to be located in his armpit
#ireallywant Everyones dreams to come true!
did I ever send you stuff?
. I highly suggest reading "The Lean Startup" by Eric Ries. It would really help you with your development plan and strategy.
Is this for real or is my local cable TV provider just messing with me? It is a joke? Right? ...lol ...Sigma out
Ok Look im Honest Girl i can't lie i miss you, You and the music are the only things that i commit too, -Dizzy-
that is a moment! Nice!
it's official new cavs season ticket holder
Chipotle sounds fucking amazing right now. So that's where I'm going (:
Even when you're wearing a pair of $1000 Lounotin's you're still a "hoodrat" just in "red bottom heels to me"
Anyone grilling out today?
11.5.1937: Hitler tells his commanders he intends to annex Austria and begin conquering lebensraum for Germany.
Copywriters need strong technical writing skills, and the ability to apply these skills whatever the task, medium or subject matter
Eastern time zone games are cool cuz I get to go to bed at decent hour...
I couldn't tell you who the last girl I dated from my school.
tonights game was like a round in MMA wade blew up :o
#NFL suspends Coach #SeanPeyton of #NewOrleansSaints for one year.
right on! I can dig it
If anyone hates me please tell me.. I don't want anyone to hate me...
At the mls superdraft. Another great day for the fire.
Baby, give me your number. My phone fucking broke. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>
Paging Mr.Bolden. Find him Flacco
Good girls love Italian food... Bad girls love Italian waiters.
whats up bro in the QC? if you get the chance to check out what my new film is about check it www.indiegogo.com/afterthefall
Good Morning World
#BK -Put That On My Heart is #100 >>
American Pie is an even better song when you're listening to it while driving a Chevy! :)
thx for the tweet (I'm a little slow), love having you in class. re: BF experience, never a waste to be a comforting shoulder.
Sextip: Don't just lie there like the proverbial dead fish. Move around, change positions, be inventive, and wear him out!
If there are franchises then someone will be the PGH Pirates of the World Tour. Cheap riders, no results -> profits
Haha it's my pleasure! Thanks for listening to us :]
It was the very least we could do! It was a killer evening, great end to a Monday. :)
swimming through currents, day one . . .
Huge collapse for the Gators - Congrats to LOU and their backers
Happy Thanksgiving from Three Squares Greetings.
My daughter had it, my son had it, now I've got it...a cold. UGH!
80/20 sarcastic. I am tired of managers w/ no shot at league title complaining about cup runs. Let fans cheer for SOMETHING
Please don't ever let me dress like a republican.
Thanks for the invite!
Saw #theVow tonight and while Channing Tatum is nice to look at, he's a horrible actor. Return to the "exotic dancer" career path
RT : In the game of life the objection is not marriage or love, it is self fulfillment and success
Now playing: Toby Keith - Red Solo Cup
Prolly a Jentri-mullet is wicked cool anytime.
I feel so sick.
Happy New Year Dru what's good ? T Wilks.
I'm so proud of u guyz :)
Harry Styles married me because I said something stupid to him; after that, we danced naked in the moonlight! ahahah
MT : Big Ten filling up w/ former UWGB women's hoops coaches once rejected by #Badgers.Borseth (Michigan), now Bollant (Ill.).
Santorium / Sanitarium > Coincidence?
Love is a many splendid thing. Love lifts us up where we belong. All you need is love! ~ from the movie Moulin Rouge ~
dang you bake sale
He didn't get hurt, great. He had 90 tds over 11 seasons and 4 yards a carry... consistent, but not HOFer
<---Nerd/Hippie and proud.
Just dropped my phone in my plate of gravy n mashed potatoes SHIT
lol I know, u were the only one tho. I was reading thru some of your tweets they're really funny!
imagine how stupid #GoogleSearch used to be before :)
I got a silver fox for a pet!
Im sorry that you lost your friend! Stay strong during this tough time!
After #7Daysofsex it looks like a hatchet wound
Stuff. Lots of stuff. Stay tuned.
swan way, mockingbird and all that?
The disappointments of life are simply the hidden appointments of love. -C.A. Fox
Interesting Self Tidbit: My work log shows that I have a programming attention span of 30 minutes, almost down to the minute
I thought we ARE friends, Nikki. Thanks for the follow, btw.
My flight is late. It must be TSA's fault.
Turnout in Baltimore is low, but so many of you have shown your support! Can we push these last two hours to put #otis4mayor over the top?
Wisco all the way. Nebraska's overrated and Wisco's offense is scary good + its @ Camp Randall. Gonna b a great game.
god mawnin everyone!!!!!
Legrand | Ortronics Continues to Innovate With EZ Patch: a Revolution in Patch Cord Dispensing
Just over 12 hours before registration closes for #edcamp philly
Rumors and reports r flooding in on Suggs. We will know more after he sees the specialist. (and a miracle from above)
RETWEET IF YOU ARE GOING TO BUY #SOMEDAY <U+2665>
My girlfriend is hella cool c:
NEWS FLASH: Wind carries unsuspecting user's laptop across lawn! Film at 11!!! ROFL!
Thought of salsa dancing to burn calories?A 60 minute session burns 393 calories & sculpts your lower body. It's worth skipping the gym for!
Carter: personal experience, that is, with material objects.
Mid June. I'll be in touch tomorrow regarding Fridays Skye session.
Cant wait til Sunday!! :D
Once I saw it three times, I liked it even more. Christian Bale delivers.
"Innovation in Education" at 2:45pm for K-12 with Bill Rodriguez 13-B / High-Ed with John Mullen 13-A
Ben ands Jerry's holds worlds largest cow-bell concert to raise money for flood relief
He who cannot obey himself will be commanded. That is the nature of living creatures. -Friedrich Wilhelm Nietzche
New Music!!! "Lord Knows Freestyle" ft Mx and Ignite. Follow and Swagg!!!
Anybody around the Santa Monica area want to meet up for a bit today anytime between 4-7ish? I'll be in the area with some free time.
as much as we love drama here in milwaukee, it's good to have a closer that cuts down on it, right?
hey:) How was ur audition?
wow McMillian over Allan at S????
Its been a long ass day...
Thank you! :)
Up and at em... Show tonight in Brooklyn
you don't know that. SEC must navigate treacherous waters - reality. 100 % fairness/equal sked. Impossible.
time to relax, my friend... and that bottle was delicious to the last drop. Glad I have one more in the cellar. ;-)
Same here! Did you get my email? RT : Great speaking with you yesterday!! :-)
Great statement at #SkillSoft GSM - Once you glimpse the impossible it eventually becomes inevitable.
lmfao he plays one chord... sad that he kills two genres all by himself... jimmy hendrix and 2pac are rolling in their graves
And my head hurt
Sen. Grassley on Secret Svc inquiry: "Unfortunately, more than a week after my inquiry, I've yet to hear from anybody at the White House."
Join us today at SD DV Council. learn about CWS DV Protocols. 11:30-1:30 at Price Charities on University. Your voice is important!
Indeed my friend! ": The good Mr is enjoying the best day ever. Congrats!"
Gotta Knw Who I Am Nd Wat I Stand For :)
And we don't mind following either!
Thanks for helping us share the word :)
Why hasn't someone did a Home Alone themed tower defense game?
My princess was upset that I wasn't home to spend the weekend with her... I feel loved (:
Hello its Tuesday morning and we want to wish you all good day!
So....Fifty Shades of Grey. I'm speechless. How are they really going to make this into a movie?! And who could play Christian?
Ditch the office today and come join us! There's room on the couch.
I'll be a sinner!
If you want the best the world has to offer, offer the world your best
let's make them in our kick ass kitchen at work lol
Just popped a Two Brothers Brewing Company Red Eye Coffee Stout, this brew is the truth...
Good luck with the shoot
A must! RT We have Corned Pork Shanks on pretzel buns with sauerkraut and swiss cheese. It's so yummy.
going back to someone/thing in your past that you know is not right for you, is basically like slapping yourself in the face.
Errybody in this damn town is TWO-FACED.
Chef Greg Cookin up some Cajun Catfish Tonight- Delicious!
check out my new website www.flawlessmoneygang.com free ringtones and we have beats for sell 3
JUSTIN JUSTIN JUSTIN JUSTIN
Takes more than a week to make me a believer...lins got a lot to prove
In other news, 's Lauder Collection is definitely the best "I'm-showing-my-friends-around-NYC" exhibit this year.
Happy birthday
I hope we get a BCS Title game with a 3-6 score..(Can't Wait!!)
I'd say we are one of the few existing business anywhere that care about quality over profits...-Melissa Martin
If you dnt like my tweets that unfollow button should be right under my avi..
I think my friend was gonna drop dead on my floor
It's really quite over the top in so many ways.
Oh you know me cooking and jamming out to One Direction at the same time.
Just had delicious veggie burgers with my super-cute model/muse (and wife) Liz La Point.
Have a good time.......was playing you earlier
I confess that I turn away at gory parts of GoT.. #Can'tDoBloody
Go cry about it why don’t you?
SCHILLER PARK, IL-- - Life Fitness, a global leader in fitness equipment manufacturing, will debut a system for personal trainers on Marc
Just know, the locker room knows...You voted for Pekka!! #nhl13 cover
ya, so you have to come have a drink w us!
Very nice! Congrats.
Super excited today... About to go see the only man that can make me laugh so much that I cry! ;)
Sorry Nico.. I Feel Youu , But Something Just Popped Up..
Hey,guys.. hope music is going well! Are you guys mostly based out of LA?
seriously? I follow you for news, not ads.
80% of what I invent is Hennessy, 20% is from being hungry as sin, 10's because I love getting under your skin
yea didnt get the job up here… Ill be in PGH in 2 weeks
Do all of these guys think they're moving into a frat house or something?
FREE wine tasting all day today from 10am til 6pm. Stop by and say hi!!
playin w/ DheepaChari group tonight in LA
Good things come, just gotta stay open to it!
I have 29 yrs experience. (I'm 28) RT : Twitter turns 6 and you have 10 years of social media experience.
": come see me do some fabulous hair! " thx for coming
Wisconsin Won!!!
So far my work method has been: typetypetype for 4 minutes, surfsurfsurf for 10, typetype for 3, surfsurf for 6, etc. Not so successful.
Riding around wit homies
no problem :)
With finals coming up reduce your stress w/ "Moving Meditation" | 11AM | All levels welcome! |
I could even name my bunch and starting rotation. Im curious who u all would pick if u had to pick a full team with any current players
one direction, why do you have to be so perfect?
Love "effortless" fashion :) Thanks for the trend tip!
mission accepted?
#highschoolmemories one hall monitor get'n arrested for selling weed & another one get'n arrested at the same time for smoking crack...
do you still need the pronunciation? I can email you a recording.
New 50<U+FFE0>ent game for playstation 3 is tight! Get it! Blood in the sand!
Daja hates us :(
#CakeBoss go is so addicting. Buddy can make a fucking cake talk.
YOUR FUTURE: You've spent far to much time holding things together that don't belong together. Today they come undone and you let them.
Oh, Sally, it's not what's gotten into me, it's what's gotten into Oprah! My seed, son! Ha ha h aha! I'm *rich*, bitch! Ha ha ha!
#Nw Family Guy
When people smoke weed in class and get caught and are like shit... I shuldnt have done that. Like nigga think. Ofc its gona smell.
A clean desk is a sign of a cluttered desk drawer.
NAU, do you have to start construction outside of my window today? No one really cares about plumbing anyway.
Ha ha. So many scenarios... We are Highlanders, I just killed you w/ my sword & absorbed your power w/ a smile on my face.
Looking forward to Thursday's #isedchat The Digital Learning Process: Strengthening & Assessing 21st Century Skills w/Ferdi Serim-9PM EST
Quest Rent meet and greet 4-6pm tonight!
Did you know the Colts got Greg Manusky as defensive coordinator? Fellow 'gate alum :-)
Thanks for coming out last night!
Just saw Avengers 'cause all you Twits recommended it. Good call!
lmao who is that?
I need a massage like now
Wish I were at #dh11 - thanks to all there for their live tweets about what's happening!
yay for "dock to right" option for chrome dev tools. been popping it into its own window but to right is much better!
A bug keeps crawling back and forth on the picture above my desk. My sore back is discouraging me from getting up and slapping it silly.
#goodbye to you, you aren't worth it as much as my brothers are to me
Ah, thanks; somewhat surprising. Also congrats on the SS mention -- incredible company!
im very upset -__-
i just found out about this today! I hope you feel better soon and Congrats on the apt Therapy feature. :-)
we should do the SouthwestAir 12daysofluv, whoever wins we go on a trip together.
": A #Cancer's kiss is most sweet and passionate."
“: how far do you think the hawks will get in the playoffs.”<--Bro the sky is the limit.
Only me do I try to tiptoe gracefully and end up tripping over my suitcase and knocking down a lamp! hahah but I wanted that cookie so bad!
New trend at the intersec of park and Johnson. People honking at the lead right turning car waiting at the red light. Wtf is this new york?
Thanks for the #DoGood shout-outs! Have a great weekend!
glad to know people appreciate mint chocolate soy milk like I do <3
you and ARE THE CUTEST FRIGGIN THING. <3
First bottle of dreaming tree wine down so far tonight...
Chone Figgins, or Cone Diggins as my phone calls him, is on pace for 283 hits this season.
Guys day out. Takin my boys to see the chipmunk movie today.
Mrs. Hogan! HELLO!!!! Your just a sugar mama!!!! Pls stop!
your the best on restaurant impossible
If anyone in nashville wants to talk about the issues surrounding the upcoming election I'd be game. Disclaimer: I detest confrontatio ...
Aw man. Goodbye hugs for five minutes before showtime. Blue teeth and mascara streaks? Awesome.
whats up cool man! How's it been
What is the black square on the US flag on Gov Daniels' lapel?
The return of Arnaldo Vargas from DR. On now on
Waiting for the VMI to play in Big South Conference Championship game on ESPN2. Another game is running late
You can see right through me... thought you'd never do me...
Booked a commercial spot for Norms Restaurants (playing a surfer mom - not much of a stretch!)
don't do this month..Who sees it? Home alone on Saturday night..WATCHING MOVIES..LIKE IT
Loving all this gorgeous hair floating around the room! Natural Girls Rock - Atlanta
Red meat is not bad for you. Now blue-green meat, that<U+FFFD>s bad for you!
threshold = actual-threshold + 1
yea I just meet him at one of the many ETF shows I've gone 2 :-)
#itsTimeForYouToRealize That homosexuals are human as well , we have morals and feelings <3 #TeamBisexual No Need to get treated differently
Thank you sir!
I had a couple glasses, but I really do love Adam Sandler. Punch Drunk Love, 50 First Dates, Spanglish. Love
People die everyday and we dont care but as soon as someone dies that you care about you wanna trip!
Just got that for android . . . Now I need one of you #iphone users to tell me how to use it
my iPhone 4s' life as a cell is officially dead after 30 days... now it's just an expensive iPod touch. time for a replacement again, apple.
Unfortunately, Congressman Bilbray will not be in attendance at our Clairemont Congressional Forum. Peters and Saldaña are still confirmed.
Trying to sleep. But keep waking up and the dogs snoring. Fml
Its suprisingly cold in south florida...weird
LOL, I sent the wrong video for my audition. I need sleep.
I have a lot of experience with web technology, backends, frontends, python/java/c/perl/html/js/linux/apache/sql/etc. Ex-googler.
Even though I was rooting for a few different golfers this weekend, how can you not love Phil Mickelson? Nice guy that finishes first.
Good :) Good luck and many blessings!
Appreciate the fact that you stepped in/up and made ish happen. Can't wait to see the ill vs rex battle. Salute.
I don't even know how you go about finding a mad cow. It ain't like witching for water.
YES. YES. YES.
I'll make a deal w/ u, if u buy Change is good & Better Weather, I'll give u the Kyle Burns "Camera Click " remix for free :)
we've DM-ed you the info, It hasn't gone public yet so pls keep it a secret for now!
Thanks alot bro
#LetsBeBlunt The MIAMI HEAT are gonna win the NBA Finals this year
RIP MEOW
I hate it when people talk to me like I'm fucking stupid
You got me yearning for some cake now, shoot. Ima have to run to Stater Bros!
Don't forget that the Bike-In Movie is tonight! We're showing Triplets of Belleville and will be there!
new phone! :/
I know, I know. I make Twitter look so easy, it looks like play!
your biggest Aussie fan, , has a birthday today! You know what to do!
You got a girl that doesnt look a thing like me, a girl that your momma always said it would be</3
And They Keep Replaying It! They Ain't Real! Lmao<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
Every time I hear Pedro Gomez, I expect Barry Bonds to be around and/or discussed. Kinda like Rachel Nichols and Brett Favre.
so did they like it?
I don't like shitting in the woods.
who is unaware of how awesome #st. johns in #north #portland is?
4 mile run listening to Tony Robbins... everyone should try it =)
Turkey fun fact: The average weight of a turkey purchased at Thanksgiving is 15 pounds
Thanks! I made it up myself! RT Shout out to for having the coolest job ever.
And everyone who enters is counting on a slice of that.
Shook the dance show with
preparing for some Friday Foolishness; followed by a Saturday Hangover!
Week feels like its gonna be long
wear red or green ;)
Oh come on. I know you can't stand Pres. Obama, but you can't just tweet an unqualified "thank you Mr. President" today?
People people people love will find it's way STOP rushing!!
When brainstorming have an open surface where everyone can interact with
Miss you too! :)
Pin:276A24F7 add me
mornin!!! At least you werent stuck next to a 'winer' last night in thw fridge!!!
woo! Almost yhere
Jamar can blow!!!!
Today's BTU inspiration: "Silent Gratitude isn't very much use to anyone." ~Gertrude B. Stein
": Where my freaks at??? I feel like following y'all ;) Follow for me ;)" jus followd bth can I plzz gt a followbk
i don't even know who you are anymore
My mouth as oyster tweet
you guys suck. Look at the boards regarding #TheFinder . You bring back #BreakingIn and make it suck and now this?
LOL what's a girl have to do to get a little link time? I'm heading to langdon farms now. Good luck. Maybe next time!!!
Loved the UK baseball game today
Easy money today at work!!! Listening to Jodeci on Pandora...Yeah Buddy!!! Happy bday love you USO!
S/O to all my new followers!!! I appreciate all the support... hope yall into good muzik like me!!! Let me know whats happenin in ur area!!
Which one of you drives a shiny red car and has good hair and beeped and waved at me on KK and Logan?
You know wussup.
On Fox Sport SW, the announcers felt that the call was overblown for a "wet willy."
PS: today is also Louis Farrakhan's birthday.
WOW!!! u so freakin lucky so wish i could go with u...
They always play that song on finales !
I worry that my President is, himself, too passive. These times require boldness and risk. Those who are able, must.
Happy Mothers Day to my gorgeous mother Rosalia <3
N I'm drunk
I'm your fucking prayers bitch.. You don't need money. Get on the corner like you usually do ;)
Tweet #AmexHM to get $10 back one time on your next purchase of $50 or more in US stores with your synced AmEx Card through 4/30/12
Don't be a menace is on!!
Fearing my adverbial demise already.
Hey great work on you made him a r for life :)
your welcome and Im grateful for the opportunity
#GirlsJustWantTo be loved for who they are
Terrible mood right now <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>.
I saw it and it was great.......lol
Crazy is just another name for someone who knows how to have fun. ;)
And Mortal Kombat!
Great question, Constance. And thanks for joining us for #4profitchat!
"The Dewey chronicles: .." (Corporation methods and practices destroy an otherwise healthy partnership legal firm.)
Who do i start at 2WR in a .5 PPR J. Maclin or Percy?
In the United States there is more space where nobody is than where anybody is. That is what makes America what it is.
Going to die tomorrow
Stamp indelibly on ur mind a picture of urself as succeeding. Never permit it to fade. Your mind will seek to develop this picture. Norman P
NMBravest thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
Thinking of buying a new acoustic-electric, Gretsch G6022E, Taylor T5, Godin Multiac Spectrum, or Fender Jimmy Dean Kingman, any thoughts?
Last minute invite to , courtesy of Jane Lopes. Life doesn't suck at the moment.
favorite state? You can't say Indiana or california.
enjoying Sioux Falls before we do a show tomorrow at St. Thomas University, MN.
So my sorry no count redskins beat this team 2x this year. Someone pls xplain
I've only seen it up twice in 8 years. Lol.
Today Final Draft 8 arrived at my door. Tomorrow my new MAC ibook arrives. I can hardly await their union.
you are ridiculous, lol
RT : Traditional marriage, i.e., married 4 times and some side-trips for child sex in the Dominican, is under attack.
S/O to my new follower we got the same birthday! Gemini's!
RT : Well it might be me but the way I see it, the whole wide world has gone crazy. -Josh Turner
WTF is the hunger games!? I've never heard of it till I watched the news I saw it breaking records.
you want me to show austin that?
I almost hit this old lady today in my moms car, she yelled at me...so my mom and I chased her home.
Well, my day just got better! Spending.my lunch break getting to a little better. Such amazingly artsy folks.
because it is hehe
Keep Mjs name out ya mouth when talking about kobe bean ....lost 2 finals exited from playoffs first rd...and can't beat Denver at home lol
What happened? :/
"Oh look! SPIN's Top 100 Guitarists of All Time! This should be fun, number 100...Skrillex...(closes window)...
I just came across you and I followed you I thought it would be cool :) xx and I helped u out
LIMITED TIME PRINT SPECIAL** 100 Black Tees with White Print - only $4.25 per shirt! Free Shipping in the U.S. (excludes AK & HI).
hello im a person.with a brain.
If u wasnt invited dnt bother showing up
#ThingsThatBotherMe Are When Someone Calling Somebody Ratchet And They Stank. Niggah At The Main Moment You Ratchet And Stank. Smh. -______-
If I ever meet the Heat announcer i'd punch him in the throat.
U know it!RT : ": On the slick I'm really kind of pissed, but hey it is what it is... I keep moving" keep on pushing!
oh but do tell who wins the awards. Play by play like the Oscars!
Yesterday/last night was to much fun!! I have the best of friends <U+263A>
yay awww that's so exciting. Watch it be a girl ! Omg we having a bbq babyshower in my backyard lol just for u
hahha what gave you that idea?!?!?
being comfortable is the most important thing lol. Always look at the glass half full
Looking for a few people to talk about an awesome HuddleHub contest idea! Hit me up via email! Patrick [at] HuddleHub [dot] com
Thanks to everyone for the birthday wishes!!!! :P
Hopefully one day i get to see in my followers list<3
Young adult fiction, probably. All I have so far is a concept that came to me all at once recently.
i'd tweet keynote, but i cant iphone type that fast. remember: HUMOR helps solve hard issues. LIGHTEN UP.
Good morning ! How are you guys ?? Remember to like us on Facebook today :D ....have a wonderful day ! With love ER
wish i could turn off the "caring" function in my iOS, run a "dont give a" app
Art is the only way to run away without leaving home. ~Twyla Tharp
lol im trying
At the Chow family home in Clarksdale and its raining cats and dogs!!! Hope we don't lose power here...or maybe thatd be good for the show?
Q4 #libchat I wanted to get some experience in before the internship. Hrm...
What you don't know is that each time you tweet while at work it's reduced by .00436
I've slept in all about 3 hours today. And I've cleaned my entire room including dusting and vacuuming. And it's 11pm and I can't sleep :/
Reason 23 to love the BBA: the holiday spirit. It doesn’t matter the holiday, the businesses on the street show their spirit.
I have a hard time deciphering the fine line between boredom and hunger.
THAT WAS TIGHT!
Happiness isn't having what you want, it's wanting what you have
come with me! I miss your pretty face missy
Put some make up on you drama filled whore !
we good. And u?
Hey now... most valuable TO HIS TEAM! Without Stamkos, TB might have finished 11th!!!
Prep period at work so I am prepping,questions to interveiw and his band this Sunday on XPN2
hey i never went to prom either cause i had no interest, lets have our prom august 5 when i meet you ok?
The Cultural Center wishes success to all the Port Charlotte High students taking tests on our campus this week.
Thank you for the shout out:)! Hope you have a great week!
Councilman Cardenas: "We're all focused on getting out children back to school" -- LAPD, school police, schools
No countdown just make sure the fireworks are on time!
I Have A Personality That Can't Be Beat. <U+2665>
Come and see what all the buzz is about. Fresh Healthy Food for the body!! Real food made by real hands. 17 years at this location!!
i thought more sleep was supposed to make you feel more rested?
Yeah, that's not the direction I was thinking.
wedding weekend. Bunch of us are bound for somewhere this eve
But started watching Twin Peaks last week & 3 eps in had someone on Twitter make a joke about The Killing revealing her killer. #sigh (2/2)
let's Go nationals ... ;)
How to Build a Bootstrapping Culture via
n i randomly blacked myself out, we got thru it tho, together
With will will we withstand, withsay.
Dave Beans is finishing up mixing Justin Markert's solo ep....
And you know my mom inspires me! I wish to do the same for my daughter, don't you?
Rejected Title for a Michael Jackson themed Cirque Du Soleil Show: Dirty Diana
So in Episode I, if Anakin kills Emperor instead of Mace, fulfills destiny, saves millions of lives. End of Story!
White House, meeting mayors, monuments...love this trip!
not a single regret
Back in Atlanta after WGI Championships w/ Atlanta Quest. Nice catching up w/ old friends. Now for my last finals of my college career..
love is pain disguised with hugs and kisses
just got home nothing special
#Soulive couldn't be any cooler
Are you entirely self-dependent? Can you live on your own?
- I can certainly provide more information using a non-public medium.
please follow me
Monday was Daylight Savings…so, by default this week gotta be Napping week? Pull yourself together later with a
hahaha it scared the shit outta me! I was convinced my phone was legit possessed or something
Lmao that's okay :D , me and Deanna are so excited for Friday-Saturday oh my god !
Your awesome! I just had to let you know that. :)
Happy Thanksgiving, everyone! Hope you are digging into a giant feast and preparing to launch into a food coma.
is keeping their unlimited plan for the #iphone. Hope their system can handle it!
Thats was up RT : + performing live in #Hawthorne for a Speacial Occasion Dm me if you want to come
I hate being this way ; but life gave me no choice !
yup! Save travels Danielle!!!
Floyd can't beat Manny Pacquiao.....he duckin him. I got $500 on that fight....We all know he gone beat Ortiz but Manny that dude
If You Think I'm cute send me a :) If you think I'm sexy send me a ;) If You have a crush on me send me a <3
Don't get in the way if you not ready
Cant stop thinking about the Clam and Chili pizza from
Note: NSLog does not work in Android
Instead of Lori being mad at Rick for killing Shane, do you think she is mad at him for letting Carl become numb to death?
Katie, send me your address, and I'd be happy to send you a copy, too.
Everyone say "Hi Ashley!"
So this girl just talked to and they told her it was an extra $10 and she didnt hesitate to pay it
uhh it's called Triple Dog
super stoked that ozerskytv has returned!! Looking forward to lots of good episodes and gout flare ups lol!!
y'all ain't lilkids no more so quit playin games lol
haters will broadcast yourr failuree, but whisper your success !
Wanna put the "Mele" in your Kalikimaka? Reservations! Rooms, festive holiday dinners, group gatherings. We're decked out just for you!
Congrats! Great news!
When someone comes into your life. God send them for a reason, either to learn from them or to be with them till the end.
Crabtree, do you have a tattoo on eye and that's why you dropped the pass?
is there a mtg tomorrow night?
#timeisnow town meeting tonight 7pm @ El Portal Theater in NOHO. Power in numbers dancers. Be there. RT
I'm to lame for that :o
Your Pizza was awesome tonight at #ppandf2. Thank you for everything!!
So... it's MLS Supporters Week. ALL OF THEM, Simon Borg. ...I like making fun of that. A lot.
What makes me feel happy is ___________________ (fill in the blank)
How did I turn into such a worthless LA weather punk? It's 60 degrees and it happens to not be sunny and it feels like a weather emergency.
#nowplaying Today's Hit Music on ZM Auckland 91.0 -- They just played "Young Homie" by
you are welcome! Merry Christmas
HAHAHA....NO WAY!!! That's awesome. Did you say it complete w/ an accent?
Another one of my ideas and discoveries is a process I call "Sensory-Feedback." Similar to biofeedback, but uses your feeligs as feedback.
Justin tweeted ''thank you for the time i had with you but i have to move on..'' & then he deleted it . I hope him & Selena don't break up:/
Pumped for some much-needed #zumba tonight!
S/O to the team on the "Story Bridge" Project.
Indiana Jones and I are the same person because we both hate snakes and we like hats
Thinking he's not interested anymore...
Facebook won't load. Erg #twitter >>>
dont you drive a mercedes? Fag
hehe thanks for the most amazing day ever!!! i love you!!! :D i wish you didn't have to leave though. :(
...but I still love you tho! RT It is a hoax. I've been hacked. So sorry.
ok whats with all the d*ck and coochie talk today? lol
If you press me to say why I loved him, I can say no more than because he was he, and I was I
Car trouble Lost car keys (for 30 min) Traffic
Thrilled that is partering w/ us again as a media sponsor for Luck of the Draw 2012!
thanks emailing u now.
I like you.
She needs to quit playin hop-scotch
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>“: HEY EVERYONE - We will be premiering our new song "Desiree" tomorrow exclusively on ! Who's excited?”
omg golf course today... #freakingout <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
somebody was in a tweety mood today
thanks for the follow!
High drama in the sources today: financial mismanagement, mutual accusations, and missionaries who were never officially appointed!
With that last tweet I meant changes moving forward 4 the future, not at the very present.
Shopping at www.MadeInCalifornia.Net
I know it's very forward but the whirl pool is key.
NextBig Teen goal is to provide teenagers with a positive outlet in which to showcase their talent in a positive environment nextbigteen.com
Closing the office early for the long holiday. Happy 4th Everyone!
What's your favorite thing about networking? Let us know.
lol, nice to see you angel!
At this point, isn't it easier to report who's staying with their teams? RT : Merv Lindsay to transfer from Kansas, per school
One day I'm gonna buy some rangers tickets and bring .
Today has been the longest day ever! And such a good day. Big thanks to my awesome producer !
So much things to say
Whose clues.? Blues clues.!
RT : Who else is loving this weather today in #Corvallis? Amazing! <-It's great!
Never a lip is curved with pain That can't be kissed into smile again. ~ Brete Harte ~
TRAFFIC - EB Belt @ Todd Dr/ Fish Hatch - 1 car crash on the median + injuries
Now that Maron goes on with Carolla...dead to me
#BabySwagRT He's just contemplating Life!! He's a thinker...LOL
personally, I love chocolate milk :)
u do know u've started a type of war/obsession now...right? i'm gonna reply to all the tweets u send me...get ready for it!
On with no internet.
Just watched Adjustment Bureau. Fun to watch. Theologically flawed, but fun. Matt Damon could have had more fight scenes too.
goddamn i love halloween.
Murray here from Coming back from an amazing conference at
Me: How'd I do on the radio? Dan: This relationship is over.
Sad news about Dick Clark.
That awkward moment when your eyes randomly start watering.
Ugh. I was hoping there would be an improvement this year.
lmaooo we was out here al night
Dance like no ones watching? Yea until that shit gets a million views on YouTube, don't be stupid.. dance like everyones watching
Bears are history
Not sure the name, but I have a green, shammy type shirt that I really like. Are you really a ninja btw?
Where the hoes at???
Oops, make that Matusz ends a 12-decision losing streak on the night Buck Showalter gets his 1,000th managerial win.
“Honor Holds Itself Accountable to Ideals of Courage, Integrity, and Respect Regardless of an Audience”
me, just finished a big catering. At home, but still in that moment. (Meaning: I can't go to sleep!)
per Ty Rattie will not play in Game 2 tonight. But He did not suffer a concussion on yesterday's hit.
Ha. Whoa, careful that's an antique! RT : Is this microphone on?
Watching Romeo must die... I love Aaliyah!
Busy Day Lindsay?? Posts Bail After Jail Sentence Spent Court Day Grieving For Grandfather Heading To Jail For Probation Violation
Morning, Martin! Well, it's not even midnight for me yet. :))
Where where where
Black dick inside me>>>
We are glad you are excited about #JazzAppreciationMonth we are too!
Today is the nite cali invasion 4 at corner latino club party all nite #mastermind records
I give her pleasure love and pain
RT : Miles scores 28-19. Golden Bulls in the lead.
Just found out that my book has been nominated for a literary award from the Library of Virginia!
de nada ... i don't suppose you've heard of anyone doing something similar for Phoenixville or Chester County?
Finishing guitars today for the Dollface EP...
when people tell me my hair is pretty >>>
Thank you to all who attended our first art auction! Couldn't make it? It's okay. Stay tuned as we work to create an online auction.
The Document Wiki is backup. Thanks for reporting to us.
Would love to try! RT : Your Single Finger (the Middle) IPA is delish. Best home brew I've ever had.
Thank you very much, we love you too! RT : I love the Habitat ReStore <3
Thanks RT : Would you give your spirit to the rest of the "Appeasement Democrats" - Americans ARE behind you Nancy..
#np another night
Matt Mammosser is a junior at Joliet Catholic who plays football& was diagnosed with brain cancer help us trend
So our new single "Home Is Calling" is going to be released soon! Anyone as excited as we are?!
My mom needs to start telling me before she invites people to our house so I can at least put on a bra.
Literally just got goosebumps thinking about the playoffs. Either it was that or the PA 30 degree weather...
Come check out surrender night club
12 hours go by and I'm back in set.... Here we go again...
Damn these people's house is nice asf.they're living the good life
All she wants is to be a good, responsible co-parent
the only way I'd support that would be if it meant cheaper :)
I think ARod is going to reach 600 HR today!
Kinda rainy here must be from the hurricane 2800 miles away ....LOL
Lindsay Lohan on #SNL #FTW!
I'm getting lunch. Perhaps I will stop by.
Fortune favors the brave. - Publius Terence
Missing the bus is Gods way of telling you to stop in Einstein and grab a bagel
All I do is toss and turn...
Go High Flyers!
Meteorologist, or Meaty Urologist? #twoverydifferentscientists h/t Terry Meiners
Had a Blast At The Performance Yesterday! I'm Glad Everyone Enjoyed It <3
Elon Musk is the creator of Paypal, who took his earnings and built SpaceX.
checking out the blog and the 7 Steps to a Flat Classroom project.
nigga u 10 toy cars don't count Lil steve
Going to check out ! Come on tweet peeps, #FF they are looking for new followers!
Thanks so much for sharing the imagination post, Phil! And for re-sharing it, & Have a great night. : )
Wanna fall in love
Dwight Swanson talking about Helen Hill's love of home movies
Yea. U know my lease up in July RT : u moving?
See you tomorrow for the 2 p.m. Mayor's holiday parade in Hampden, Maryland!
Not necessarily disagreeing with you here. It's hard to bring everyone all at once.
Cincinnati Composers Laptop Orchestra Project: Wednesday (2/8), UWM Recital Hall (2400 E. Kenwood), 7:30 pm, free. Network music live!
Rockin the low cutt socks and the vans today
Uh something is missing o.O
Definitely is! Interesting thinking back on tests, and considering what people do/don't understand, etc.
Congrats! RT : It's our 5th year anniversary today! We have big plans for the next 5 years, stay tuned!
Music needs a bail out
Yes. ABC coverage is awful. And they didn't cover the arrivals of A-listers like Gwyneth and Angie like E! would have.
Lease is signed (tentatively) for the new place, now I just have to hope everything checks out. Writing a pair of $1900 checks was weird tho
"You can't start the next chapter of your life if you keep re-reading the last one." stolen by the lovely
G.M.N.I.: Can I whisper spanish sweet nothings in your ear while caressing the small of your back?
Money make me cum so I get wetter than a hand.
I've literally been in my car all day, just driving. Can I get a break yet?
bored i saw haunted airman gay movie i mean it was ok but hate the endin dnt waste ur time
If you ladies like that bedroom R&B follow my homie #teamHustleLife his shit is hot!!!!!
AIN'T ENOUGH OF THIS CLOTH FOR US ALL TO BE CUT FROM<U+2755><U+2755><U+2755><U+2755>
I lost my mother & today I felt for Newt.But Newt and his gang are for bad ideas.I'll feel no pain for them when they lose to the President.
Today is Friday, yes!!! Finally Friday
We're ant killers.
Worked around the clock.. Should be sleeping but, NOT. #vacation!! Hard work is paying off ;-)
Why no mention of the play being blown dead on the Brees fumble by Collinsworth and Michaels?
Will you guys follow Claire's brother
You created a lot of opportunity for those young guys. Spanky, Adam Blackstone, ect...Those talented dudes owe a lot to you.
honest John.
good. i got a new cell phone just to tell you!
hooray! & I'm *trying* to make onion chutney so I can have a british butty. ;-)
Is compliance keeping your company from engaging your community? Feeling handcuffed?
thanks, Roman! I don't think that text is online. It's worth finding, though.
#Weather Cleveland, Ohio Weather :: 62F MOSTLY CLOUDY
Today is the day for all of us to join & #OccupyLA. Another march @ noon. 3rd & Hope
Ah, the "pressed Ayn" prank. Schoolboy classic.
I officially have final cut pro!
better late than never
of course not! I know things happen, I've had thing happen!
A champagne supernova in the sky..
Scratch that: Who had the lowest? And how did you do it?
(But also be mad cool) can't forget about that.
Winners never quit and quitters never win. ~Vince Lombardi
I always do. Can't wait for some longer lasting warm weather and a few evenings in The Yard.
I can handle that. Just tell me when I need to be at the airport. Phoenix Sky Harbor is preferable.
The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall. ~ Nelson Mandela
Our God is Great!
I pray these two la women sleep thru the night...
#eviltip 01 Wear sunglasses to stare at random women's personalty all day and not feel bad about ever fucking ever
I'm Serious <3
We love you Erin! Thanks so much for the support! <3
"His tone suddenly changes to gutteral soapbox denunciation and he pounds on the table."- ICEMAN COMETH
I used to hate when my softball coach told us to " go shag balls" that was my key to leave...<U+26BE>
Saw the film #Unthinkable plays a terrifying character. No signs of Brian Clough or Tony Blair anywhere.
Who skateboards through their high school hall? That random surfer dude at Bayside does....duh.
hi I love the photos what nice memories for us
we shall see
It is useless to close the gates against ideas; they overlap them.
sure did. Amazing country and wonderful people
"You always pass failure on the way to success. --Mickey Rooney"
Working all day on orders need a little break going to a friends Christmas party tonight, much needed!
things have been pretty good dude! hbu?
Schnabel is gone, but his 'skin' never looked better, Angel Otero! (Buy yours now, the prices are going up...)
Had to sacrifice my l&p to the airport security gods :(
It's why I stopped using Groupon. Only use it at places I already buy from.
Five 30-minute segments? I could do lambdas. Josh would be great on generics. Dynamic anyone?
There was this one song that I listened to 178 times in 1 night, and now I can't bear to listen to it anymore.
Night Jamz feel the dark.
LOL Tell your prof, Firefighter is the correct term.also a classification used to denote levels of ntnl certs. FFI, FFII etc.
To all the new ppl that are following me... .Thankx for the follow bk... looking fwd to networking w/ everyone!!!
i think you should follow me at 10:11 cause that would be 11:11 for me(; see what I did there?
The fact that we live in a small FS PR world is why I didn't bother having goodbye drinks - see you Tuesday at FS Tweetup NYC!
I'm gonna watch Monsters Inc tonight #kitty!
holla at for them vids I was talmbout earlier!
Just tapped Tasman red at !
One reason why I am single: Paul Higgins.
Will not bend will not be broken
Good morning everyone(:
thank you. i will
If u all saw Justin at Starbucks wht would u guys do??
2 years ago, I was in the House chamber watching HCR pass. This week, it kept me from paying for an ER visit out of pocket.
I'm in a mermaid streak right now and have read OF POSEIDON, LIES BENEATH AND MONSTROUS BEAUTY. All of which are YA.
which match will you be watching live tomorrow afternoon? I need some advice.
Found gr8 reading treasures @ Acorn Bookshop in Grandview 2day. Love #usedbooks and their musty old smell.
Last day to submit #costar #powerbroker deals. Don't miss out on being recognized for you hard work in 2011!
Usually keep them on books until they fall apart (the jackets, not the books). Our daughters hate them on their books and toss.
shut up Dean(; you know why I did that right?
thxs for prayer. 1st surgery went well but bro will have leg amputated Fri, cont prayers plz
damn need the number for that huh!? <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
goin hard with the jezzy mix.
This summer is boring :/
RT : “How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world.” – Anne Frank
PPLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE NOTICE ME!! PLEASE
Just sent a picture to our teacher from formal
going to volleyball for the first time in months.
well, the 3rd bad thing has come to pass: MY 1980S MIXTE MOTOBECANE WAS STOLEN! making them good: get a $500 dollar bike that fits perfect
lol sucks to sucks
No matter how many strategies you use, you won’t get fit if you aren't having fun. If you don't enjoy traditional workouts, try a class!
Where are you now?
Going to docs.... Drivin in the snow... Last day off...
Wizard needs food
he didn't seem to mind... But then we lost Niall, so we had to find him in a movie theater.. But DON'T WORRY ..We found him
Beyondthescoreboard.net the made the right decision by playing big Ben. He is the toughest qb in the league
THANX SWEETY! I WILL SAVE UR NUMBER..THANX FOR THE VIP INVITE :)
I'm looking for a one stop shop where I can get highlights, a Superman tattoo, and sing Born to Be My Baby karaoke style.
#HoodAccountPasswords take care
will Ed talk to me?
I know I have a Nick Collison Supersonics t-shirt somewhere in the archives!
#Weather Bluefield, West Virginia Weather :: 59F OVERCAST
Hope you taped it! Would love to see it.
Bengals still in it.
Heading to Big D to see the HOGS own ksu!!
"Police escorts, everybody passport, this the life that everybody ask for" - livin it up in Monaco tonight!! :)
Picking up at the OC airport then lunch in Newport and off to A2!! afterparty tonight!! So stoked!!
Thanks to follow me =)
These hoes don't like chipotle....lol the fuck wrong with them
good luck getting #parentshavedaballinmachines trending. you might have something with
So sleepy. I wish a certain someone was here so I could fall asleep in his arms. Oh well. I guess I'll have to wait 2 more days!
True Story- I saw Menace II Society at the $1 theatre. First time I was a minority at a movie. Brought back many to see it
like what you're doing, check out I think you'll like what we are doing! #athletesunite!
Fuck the midterm was harder than I expected ._.
It was time to dust off the ol' twitter page & get active again! Fun to see you here!
"you can see the corn from my lunch this morning in the toilet"-Joey how am I related to this kid.
I am a huge fan! I would live to perform at your club!!!!
Ha, yes, I suppose I am less than consistent with my tweets. ;p But, yeah, persistence has paid off!
Yesterday was National Pie Day. Today is National Peanut Butter Day. So a peanut butter chocolate bomb pie is like two celebrations in...
OMG THE CATS!! LOL!!
#11nb Fleet/Boston, 8:32 on time. Thank you for a good week!
I was faking it the whole time cause you SUCK. #trashyourextuesday <3
no, that's why i am not looking forward to it....LOL!!!
didn't you have a family member that was a kleptomaniac?
omfg, i need my bestie. miss her lots.
I dont always wear my heart on my sleeve, but when I do it always gets hurt.
screaming so loud they'll hear us in LA, we're popping like pink champagne
Hahaha why u insulting the race?!? Lmaol
field trip to portland! RT missing last yrs guest! A toast to you!
This is going to be one of the biggest choice of my life.
End to a great and busy day! Just pulled 2 live Barbwire ET full sib calves.
sounds great! Good luck finding some roommates!
New drinking game: Take 1 shot every time you see a dick on Omegle. Catch: The game can only humanly last for 10 mins.
I dont want to sound like a creeper or anything but you are gorgeous!!!
The qualities of a great man r "vision, integrity, courage, understanding, the power of articulation, & profundity of character." Eisenhower
If you have never come in for Swing Dancing, you should! Jumpin' Jive Club will provide lessons, we'll provide the liquid courage!
Each person must live their life as a model for others
I went bust playing poker last night, but some new threads will definitely help me get my swag back.
Our sponsors: ,,,Ranger Games,Atlas Games,Chaosium,Pinnacle,Holistic Design,Flying Buffalo,Amarillo,Con-Troll!
Meeting this morning w/ principal re 504 plan 4 little 1. Hours of research have already gone into this. Nervous, hoping it goes well.
people be talkin bout the best years of their life...i hope the best year of my life is the year i leave this Earth..
I can't stand you go away
Oh yeah!!! BTW, big fan of your tweets. If you come watch game we will flatter you the whole 3rd quarter.
Dear Boston, please stop experiencing rain conditions... Thanks, Amanda and
going shopping c:
So true #BelindaCarlisle #GreatestHits RT : not as much as everyone is loving my ebony and ivory tights
Rats indeed. Hopefully you can make it to the mid-west. Mark the week of July 23rd (details TBA to the c4l community)
I think the DEA calls that "peer pressure."
not many but seems to be a new trend and he may have started it
TONIGHT - Thursday Night Trend with DJ's A.I. & J-Roc Playing the Hottest Hip Hop & Dance Music at ABQ's Best Danceclub - Lotus Nightclub!
Congrats to Rangers fans. Well-played. It was a good series. Caps will return to play another day.
Who says The Mayhem Karma doesn't work? The future may be evil, but it's bright for many!
I think I'm just too conflicted to recognize what can make me feel better.
New Pic of BMW E39 Posted on FB. Check it out! www.facebook.com/Need4SpeedMotors
Good Night :))
Just blogging about home fire safety. . . To learn more, go to oklahomahomerepair.tumblr.com
We had a great time talking with Central Catholic students as they did drive-text simulator. Can you guess their surprising admission?
That sucks 779 sounds great , tough loss . Goodnight my friend hope everything work out .Clemson wont get my money nomore either
whats up man
RT I am so very p90xsore today. Why didn't someone remind me that writing>exercise
you are more than welcome to join us:-) its like a mini vocation
Wondering about you...miss and love.
Yo mom its your son:)
This #motivational #blog for writers by will light a fire under your laptop. Check it out at ttp://www.angiekinsey.com RT
I had a college friend who judged her boyfriends by who would read Dessen at her suggestion :-P
i would be very surprised if both or even one cleared waivers. (White-Kennedy)
fighting fighting fighting fighting. EVERYDAY
Some nice weather today... On the way to Key Largo from St. Pete...
that's like a crime for the Baggerly family!!
Your name or someone's name in general?
ugh i know. LE CREY SO DISSAPPOINTEDDD
just saw that you blogrolled me on your site...thank you so much!!
The Process is: Understanding that your wounds create hardships for you, but overcoming them creates your uniqueness.
Recovery is slow, and it sucks. Worst week of my life but things are getting better i hope
Food truck parade!
Hi Caitie! Thanks for checking in! Are you having a good time?
Haha I don't think all of twitter wants to see my gushing finger!
Less than 5 minutes away from a chance to win a trip to Miami Beach for the
“: It's only a matter of time until Facebook adds “friend-zoned” as a relationship status.”
i love you baby <3
TY for the tweet! We are very excited for Thursday!
this shit is crazy!!
SMART metrics: smart, measurable, attainable, relevant, timely
#BackInTheDayEhenIWasAKID I ALWAYS HAD MY HAIR DONE IN BRAIDS WITH THE BEADS TO MATCH MY OUTFIT
Phew. For a moment I thought you'd set the brownie ON the comics.
SO this maybe thunderstorm got me... so broil in the oven or BBQ? thoughts?
OUT OF MY WAY TOMBOY!
Guest performance for Music In Motion Dec.2nd Lakeside, CA - more info under our FB BandPage music player. see you there! #GETINTOIT SD!
Shakira's theme song for the World Cup isn't going over well with South Africans who are offended by the choice of a Columbian performer.
doing a great job on Calm, reasoned and positive.
how did the presentation go?
Haha - thanks for the correction. My mom passed yesterday and it freaked me out for a sec. Then I laughed. <3
thirsty thursday
Thanks for the advice
hideous d-bag only begins to describe...
Why is it so hard for a smart, young, black college student to get a job. I'm doing everything right!
mexican bull rancher says he has clay for quevri. from his adobe mine
Little Rock Central High offers eight world languages!
Only the Savior could have endured all this for us...
Yeah. am just trying to find the point since you didn't see Dark Shadows and your just stating that he does what most directors do
Love the title of this new cozy series :) Library Lovers Mysteries by Jenn McKinlay. "Books Can Be Deceiving" just came in & is a hit.
Such a Crazy and Amazing Friday!! with ! Wanna know more?? Check out our facebook convo!! Savannah Desiree Boyd on facebook!
Are you planning on joining us tonight for Ice Skating at Pan Am Plaza? You should! It's only $2.50!
not yet on reddit. There is a lively ongoing conversation here : groups.google.com/group/occupy-baltimore
jesus santo LEO!
That's him
cnt wait 4 2morrow so excited *smiling really hard*
Time and time again, life goes out of its way to prove to me that there really are good people in the world.
Silver Lining Bridal Boutique downtown Portland suddenly shuts down. Bride says no notice, no explanation. Other brides may be unaware
lmao! You should how many i got my inbox is full!
Outside of the obvious Craigslist, where would one need to go to pick up a refurb Macbook Pro?
Enjoyed reading your #FF mentions. Nice touch! Have a great weekend :)
gimme a call, g. Or email. We have another show to work but we can work something out.
So excited for this weekend..... Are you race ready?
This Lieutenant is seriously packing a big brown Coach bag as a carry-on heading to Afghanistan! Wow!!
Bwah ha ha!
and when are you coming to Vegas? Would love to see you perform!
Just like Spider-Man, one of my greatest weakness and greatest strengths is that I care too much.
Just saying but small earthquake in northern suburbs of Chicago and its almost 60 degrees in January. Very strange...
When I don't want to be bothered this is where I come to....
Thanks to our great supporters for coming out tonight and to the polls today. Nice crowd building at the Washington Court Hotel.
So true, and I ask a bunch of them. Her point is valid, though. Don't leave until you know what you need to know.
“: Going back to work after four days off is quite dreadful.”yes! Dreading tomorrow...
Mormonism-Unveiled: Fact Vs. Fancy: From Baptism To Bloodbath ...
#givingshow Broward Community Foundation research: #donors want to make a difference. Not all about tax deductions.
It's Day Two of the LDS (Mormon) General Conference. Use hashtags
More likely to win in a fight, Slugger or KC Wolf?
United Farm Worker's co-founder Dolores Huerta will receive the Presidential Medal of Freedom.
I think he's a great actor. As far as I'm concerned, #MissionImpossible 4 was awesome.
Finally had the guts to do it..(:
you can't just say..."guys don't change". Everyone makes changes when they ready.
Holy crap!
2 more hours. Ready to be there. Almost in Mobile, AL.
Hey Cubs fans, single game tickets officially go on sale tomorrow!!! Are you ready for baseball season?!?!
time for a drink
Apple may send their legal sharks after CutYourSim. H thata hilarious. will beat apple
some people spam that's why it's like 10,000 mentions. If people don't spam it will only be like 5000-8000. Lol
love those kids. Tell them prim say hello & goodnight!
Selena's bday! RT On this day in 1971,which soon to be Tejana superstar was born in Lake Jackson?
I wanna get a Chicago Bulls tat.
#ThingsThatUsed2BeCool Knowing WHAT you're protesting for...
Congrats to Hugo #Oscars !!
...at least I'm having a good hair day...
Too kind, too kind. In this town, though, everyone's on CSPAN.
Rated one of the top 10 places to work in Silicon Valley, DGDG is proud to host ''Career Day'' 11-4-2011. Click on the picture for details h
RT : Gingrich/Santorum GOP ticket: EXTREMELY LOUD & INCREDIBLY CLOSE-MINDED
You were meaner, leaner, faster, stronger last night!!!
We have an official hashtag for the Networks and Networking in the Humanities NEH seminar: #HumNets. Five days to go before we start.
follow me if u love 88
Fasho man the beat is all you. Just give credit to Jake Dalak of Born Ready Productions. Im glad you fucks with it tho
Kinda snarky about #Lin tonight. What are you trying to prove?
Watching the hurt locker and I forgot how much this shit fucked me up
im not gonna bother cramming all of the information cause when i study for these damn test for like days i fail anyway fml
It was awesome!! So pleased to be included
Lady Gaga is a great musician I don't care what anyone else thinks
I'm. Not trouble...
if you follow me. I will have 7-10 ppl follow you???
So now that I have the iPad on the iPhone has been placed on the back burner. The iPad experience is just so much better.
NJoying DCIAA Basketball@ Coolidge High School. Semi-Final Action! DC Youth Rock!
So who do you think is the better fighter, Rashad or Anderson?
Weekend is upon us...option 1: Party to celebrate!...option 2: Party to forget! You pick.
I videochatted with my friend and her new baby in Uganda last night. So no complaints about the Internet today, OK?
Just busted out of the 10k on Full-Tilt. I was going to make the money for sure but was in a hand where I would become on of the leaders.
HEY SEXY!! what does it take to get u to follow me?? Lol.. FOLLOW BACK :o)
That video of the semi trailers flying through the air is insane. Hope everyone is OK.
I guess if ESPN offerend me that kind of jack, I might, let me make that statement clear, I MIGHT, leave ;~)
One single act done with aridity of spirit is worth more than many done with feelings of devotion.
oh god. don't encourage guys to show their backsides. . . lol. and agreed on radio. stopped listening long ago. it's garbage.
as long as tha vikes can get to brees like they did romo its gonna be a good day!
Just my opinion but a pop quiz on assigned reading a week before the comps=cruelty.
I'd release a Scorsese box set with AFTER HOURS, KING OF COMEDY, and NEW YORK, NEW YORK all in Blu-ray.
Spectacular waterfall off the Detroit Avenue bridge in Cleveland. We just love the Ingenuity Fest! Check it out downtown this weekend.
Just dominated a blind guy 21-0 in washers @ Freddie's Place! You think that's low? You should see our prices!!!
Exec from Ohio Oil & Gas Assn denies any 'documented' issues with fracking. Typical talking points.
Looking at the launch photos, one shot totally looks like I'm being inappropriate with , forgive the lens!
Seems like every decision made today is going my way, even before I ask!! Today is turning out great.
As big as Montana.
Like Guacamole? The Blue Pear in Palm Springs is offering a "comp" order of guacamole when you order an entree and show ur Diversity Card!
Finally finished with the homework. Damn UofL fans
damn,I gotta get up n start workin on these songz again fam,im workin on 2 hot 1's,#TIME2GRIND!
Party Time
Ha it's not like we have short term memory loss. I mean come on get real!
Aight finally sittin down, sleep hasn't started settin in yet...but its coming I'm sure
Bad Thing happen to bad people :) *giggles*
that was such a great tweet! me too :)
Anyone notice that Perry tweet while everyone was looking at Bachmann?
Shoulder's baack ! (:
Truth or Dare in cheer ;)
Li polymer just means li ion batteries w a gel electrolyte, same basic design found in iPhones, Chevy Volts, etc.
WILL U BE MY VALENTINE?
this might be an interesting way to analyze how decisions are made in EU institutions & UN.
Busting the awful stereotype that J-schoolers can't do math by doing some last-minute calculations for my #j544 research project
Actually, it's very helpful to know that it wasn't immediately evident to you - thanks for the feedback.
I swear these bugs look delicious haha
thanks kar ! love you too !
Looks like fun!
Regarding bankers bonuses, the solution is quite simple. Pay them with the very toxic assets they created.
lol, man we need to do that again!
“: Fat Tuesday is like stuffing your face for Jesus day” Tru dat!
haha that is pretty funny
Free Blue Moon tasting 7 to 9 tonight. Carmel apple spiced ale. Blackberry tart . Dark chocolate bacon porter
We just got some new *Glass Dabber*
Every big success has a small beginning.
Your welcome(:
Driving, was passed by a police unit that came out of nowhere. I thought he was flirting, then I realized he was working.
I sure will! (:
100% Agreed: RT : Brands must balance video content with text to serve all consumers.
Wine people: #Wintstock in Altamonte Springs has been postponed until Friday, April 27 because of bad weather predicted for tomorrow.
4 real? IS COMING TO NORWAY!! I LOVE MY LIFE
"Go confidently in the direction of your dreams! Live the life you've imagined." -Henry D. Thoreau :) Keep it up Tai!
Holy fuck Paul is tweeting alot tonight
Go Timbers! Might try to take in the 4/21 game vs. KC.
I send CC you in the email about training with #doh "I'll be back" (Arnold) next week to continue our "mission"
Lady love look how good I am at twitter. Love shady drive 4 ever.
Zedalza New York is LIVE world-wide, call in and put a voice to all of your tweets for me - ZenLive.tv
ahh its to late now. I'm so sorry. i thought i tweeted you the link thingy..but i guess i didn't. the videos like (c)
Thank you for the follow, John Enjoy the Remember Shakti tour. What a great idea. :)
I wonder if teams' just take a majority of the time to take their pick in the #NFLDraft so they can print the name on the jersey
A woman who has no idea how hot she is, is so hot.
Getting my prom dress altered!
Out of all the things that have happened to me and today, the only thing she cares about is the basketball game.
RT : Make sure that you are following for all of our SXSW coverage.
it's true. :P
I hope that dance was Brown warming up his TD celebration
Bus to school
The latest developments in the alleged misconduct by the secret service and MORE military members on the , in 3 minutes.
It's been brought to my attention that when people see the title of my book Jesus Is No Joke-that highly religious thoughts flood in.
Pizza delivery guy why you no come faster with le yummy pizza?!? I'm dying from starvation like a child from Africa (not really) lol
omg. too many shots last night.
We think this legislation strikes the balance between the 1st amendment and the 6th amendment
Please follow me, i see you right now in the TV.
The Daisey affair is obviously exponentially more serious but it's still worth asking "Who are you trying to impress?" (Your J-school prof?)
Thanks for the follow. Great postings :-)
In case we haven't mentioned it, you rule!
shout out for the follow :)
Cold blooded!
the truth of culture can be told by the students.
is really having an amzaing week.
Documenting a teen's uncertain story - Concord Monitor
park in midtown and take the light rail from there.
if I fall will you let me down easssyyyyy :) ???
woodchuck is awful. They were doing you a favor! Haha
I'm now listening to episode 2. I loved hearing my laugh to conclude episode 1! :)
Definitely in May. Do you know the topic yet?
!!!!!! RT : Um Ron Artest is just one big DUMB MUTHAFUCKA.
That's "Barry White" deep.
Make sure u follow us so we can DM u
how do you define ethical for a president?
SLEEP TIME
Way to go CARDINALS!! What a GREAT NIGHT OF BASEBALL HISTORY! WORLD SERIES WINNERS 2011!!!
HOW MUCH RT I need some dust ..... U got me?
listening to the ARCTIC DEATH LP test press backwords. expecting some serious shit to show itself
I'm determined to watch every #CallMeMaybe video on Youtube, and then make my own.
Ah ok, good, I hope you enjoy!
Excellent Commencement Address, Truly Inspirational!!!
Finally decided to stop being old and start tweeting. Still trying to figure out exactly how this works, but if Tila Tequila can do it...
How goes it in ND? Hope your well
you have no idea how many times I've done this lop
yeah I was making an run for a client. Enjoy your race weekend!
Thanks for the shout out!
you have an amazing smile and voice I love you! #MAHOMIES follow me?
cries because Bill Nye
Texas! Woo!
We need more FOLLOWERS. PLEASE FOLLOW US---------> Retweet...
Happy Star Wars Day! May the Fourth be with you... :)
agreed!!! Xo J
dang .... well fuck it il grab some drink n smoke and we can chill out at my condo ....
HA I had a friend that used to troll hotel lobbies that hosted doctor conventions
KOREAN ZOMBIE!!!
what a beautiful day to come sit outside & enjoy a delicious cup of coffee :)
I'll have to check it out myself. Just feat. a Tauber track as AAJ dotd, a 4tet, TwoPool- Traffic Bins.
Probably just recorded the greatest song ever, cant wait to drop it
At the end of the day all u got is tht one special person nd ur family Foreal.
I gotta say that price is really the only thing that a bride needs to be at least considerate of 4 bridesmaids.
Remember when @ used to refer to an email address?
Spending the morning relaxing and the afternoon making samples for the Bro•chet photo shoot.
yea I hope so.. I really wanna know if I'm gonna see him on the 26 or if I'm getting a refund lol
Thank You to our 8 most recent followers!
So True!
I think I have communicated more with my wife through Pintrest likes this week than talking.
We turned Aaron into a werewolf last night. Screen tests for new videos, stay tuned.
not only wasn't it a TD, unsportsmanlike penalty redonkulous, it would have been ok to dunk on the goalpost though
I miss you, i don't know if someday i will see you again.. </3
yes, we are looking into some weirdness on the work page. Fixing it asap
Wheat Belly: Lose the Wheat, Lose the Weight, and Find Your Path Back to Health www.amazon.ca
socks are weird. They're like mittens for feet. If you stare at them long enough, your brain will explode.
A Parent's Guide to #Bullying: Teach your kids to ally with #bully victims and to get their friends to rally around them
May gray, right on time :o( RT What does the weather look like this week Ms. ? The "go to" weathergal in all ofSan Diego!
Wearing a jersey is a great way to show #EarthDay pride.
S/O all our supporters ... Have had 3 successful years ... This is our 4th season ... We appreciate you .. Couldn't do it without you
Ulta is the bomb :)
Wow Seagram's has been around for 150 years!
Bitch I might be <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0081>
just a heads up, Natalie Portman's son was born on the 14th.. lol. not to burst your bubble or anything. lol.
because if being sick. Headache etc. And my doc said i only should drink this
When they stop calling you babe, you know something is wrong :(
That's just a sign of a good sense of humour.
Nod up to someone you know and down to someone you respect
is in post production for client's quarterly employee video.
like you said, thank god the Packers won the Super Bowl, or else who knows to what depths my psyche may have sunk.
This is a good song, I should look it up
I ran a 53.9 in high school as the anchor for Hami High in LA, I'm distance runner, didn't train for it & slowest on team.
You don't think the sausage is a little too phallic? Lol
Nikkas b grillin like im pussy
So excited to see Torchwood tonight! I've missed Jack Harkness.
Send your name, address, phone, birthday, sizes (top,bottom, and dress) to
#FavoriteNBAMoments Michael's shot in '98
Something bothers me about a paper on "The Psychology of..." lacking any references to psychology papers or research.
I like where your head is at.
Greetings from the Motor City, #isedchat! I'm Ben I teach 5th grade. Great topic tonight.
:) Have a great weekend everyone! Time to party !!! :)
Every time I see a Libyan rebel with an rocket launcher in the street on the news I think "Oh there's my buddy "
are we still meeting up tomorrow?
Chicago Bears sign draft pick Alshon Jeffery
It's not that I love the em dash so much, it's that I have a weird aversion to the period.
Probably not next year, but the plan isn't set in stone yet.
Back to back
Mu Live is big time rush <3
It sure is!
u taking ur stuff 2morrow (:J)K
I would be grateful if u fallowed me!! You are amazingly funny and talented! Peace!!
Reading 'Poke The Box' aloud to my cat. Need to finish it today so i can discuss it with tomorrow.
I know I smell like the French quarter
Lagond student, Kevin Myers, has released his 1st CD titled "Nothing To Fear" on iTunes. Expect country rock tunes worth checking out!
Locals Night A Buckalew's Tavern Tonight Featuring Local Bands and Beer Specials!
<U+2665> <U+2665> <U+2665> re: I do not know them, but as of this moment they are no longer strangers. :)
Id follow
it's been a while tiny tyke. Happy birthday! Let's plan a big NC trip for u, Devon, lil Dalton, Kyle etc
It's going to take more than 1 term to undo all the bullshit you have done.
Can't wait to see you!!
The real problem w/bridesmaid dresses are that they raise my sweet treat problem to threat level red
Gotta get rite for my son n his mother they want more n WANa do more and I do 2
We're gonna be on the TV in 15 mins!!!! ah!!!
so exciting
Because i didnt hit send, and it was one text fool
I told my husband he wouldn't live long after the scandal. I am not surprised he is hospitalized.
Aw babe, I love you too! Lol my friend has something to say!
Are you following your bliss, or stalking it?
you call it funny. I call it being rude.
Tell us: what's the name of the first beer you ever drank?
Ya know- I've watched a lot of geese, and I've never seen a "silly goose."
are you excited for Chicago tomorrow? See you there!
One wee
RT : Vote For Your Albums Of The Year at NPR Music www.radiohannibal.com
Hahaha where are you in the series dad?! cc
Test kitchen tonight before making it for a crowd this weekend...a kicked up version of jalapeno cornbread.
I meant to elaborate on that w/you - wiki the word steatopygia and the Hottentot Venus. That's how I knew the word callipygian.
Taking a break to watch Khloe and Lamar before I head to work!
keep up the Good work and stay beautiful!
Of course! :D
Just spent maybe... five hours total copying and pasting my sheet music into Finale! Where's that cookie!
I'm sorry...I can't help how I act. I'm just me.
Karina and the babes are leaving tomorrow :'(
Happy Social Friday, aka Texas Independence Day! More details coming next week on March's Social Media Breakfast.
needs one more EE dev to feature in a .net article. Email mike[at]reeflightinteractive[dot]com with your favorite #eecms add-on and why.
Want a follow? Computer science
Not quite
I knew the shit wasn't real from the start so it's WHATEVER!!
Thanks Twittersphere! Just reached 100 followers! Really wanting to say thanks for your support! Counting down to the
Taunting, hanging on the rim for no reason what a douche.
Left school early today like 30 minutes ago #tg 8D
thanks for the follow :)
Acclaro software #l10n tip 5: Invest in a style guide and glossary.
not you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Deleted Myspace, Joining Twitter!!!
AllanKreda is trying not to look at what's left in his 401k account.
Dear Google Street View driver, if you wanna come by my house right now, great. My lawn is mowed, tulips are in bloom, & I'm wearing pants.
i hate when my foot falls asleep and then when i move it, it tickles!
Sent you a DM with email. Let me know if you don't get it.
There are things to write about. Specifically the American Royal this fall. You really need to see it.
That was a slick DP. Jones would have messed it up
Jury Duty!
u going to the brazen fox for the game?
Wth? RT : Herpes RT : Can anyone tell me what these bumps on the downside of my shaft are? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
We can live without religion and meditation, but we cannot survive without human affection.
Forget the golden handcuffs, I guess I need a man-acle bracelet instead. goo.gl/LcbbJ
My soul will not rest until I a tornado.
Got a nice shock checking out - every mini-bar item I'd looked-at/put-back, over 5 days was automatically charged to my bill - ha!
Almost time for thanksgiving...I can't wait for turkey and stuffing! Afterwards I'm gonna work it all off with
so sorry to hear! Thoughts and prayers coming your way.
Griffin is hugely overrated. He is a below average shooter. Hes very timid. If youre the clippers, you must take it if u can.
had a awesome Saturday.
New 50/50 shirts with a tear away tag.
Liking all the tweets and SD representation at #BWELA! Wish I was there!
he's uh... Somthin alright :(
Took a 4 hour nap...let's see if I can sleep now... .-.
Is it just me or does Josh Brolin do a perfect Tommy Lee Jones?
in this age of internet, how do you feel about snail mail submissions?
Look out Nellie, I'm following you..Come follow me too and we'll be Twits together..xo
2.5 hours between VA and OR? If only! ;)
Ugh another day when I am a pulsing ball of anxiety
Make me a sign, please? :D
Rethinking my desire to teach college.
The two models diverge on their definition of American masculinity-Louie & EBD show the wobble of the Sheen manifesto.
fuck those polar bears
I got that special feeling some time ago
lol great :) anyways why u mad at the world
MT : Kathy Nickolaus answering Q's as she hands out 1st results. #wunion #p2 || What the HELL is she doing handing out ANYTHING?
Thank you.
1 hour sitting on the plane at JFK airport.
Looking for wedding gowns is surprisingly draining. Told the sales lady I was not taking my clothes off again until it was time for bed.
lol!!! How did it happen?
Don't follow the money. love what you do and the money will follow you! My intern Josh said this when I asked him about home-based business!
Starting Tomorrow We will Be Having some Killer, Yes I said Killer Sales....
Last day in Florida
thank you for the suggestions!
Mt Hood Softball, 3-peat! Yeah Hood! Congrats Coach Meadow and your girls!!!
I like to see what the boys are up to see what us gals are missin' out on :) Swear, I'm comin' back as a gay man in my next life.
hearing your voice has satisfied my soul. I can't wait to give you the biggest hug I can possible give. <3
wow samething he did @ summerslam in the match with very hart when he was special ref.
Last day of work. Only a few minutes left. Starting a new chapter/job in a couple of weeks!
Comparing Candace Bushnell to Edith Wharton is like comparing a Snuggie to a vintage Burberry trench.
VISITAN LA SALSA DE URGUARY, PARAGUAY,CHILE,PERU,ARGENTINA, VENEZUELA,EUADOR,BRAZIL,GUATEMALA,MEXICO,PANAMA,VENGA A CHATEAR LATINO
All that matters is that Tebro proved himself!
It be nice if the manager was doing more work than me instead of hiding out back
Drinking: large glass, crushed ice, 1/2 pony gin, pony orange curaçao, fill w/ Red Bull. I call it "Write Like There's No Tomorrow."
Follow my uncle PLEASE!!
HALFTIME SCORE: Penn State 20, Ohio State 14
What comes to mind when I say "reinvent?"
I LOVE MB!
Keep up the great work Toros!
Thanks! Alicia's dad is mentioned several times in INCOMPLETE PASSES.
we kiss and it feels like we have just shrugged off the world
Add some color to your life. Call Mr.D's painting for a free in home consultation and enjoy a home full of color. 619-562-5848
I love Google Voice when it works, but I love it even more when the transcriptions hilariously don't work. cc:
that makes two of us :D
see, i consider that excellent news: one less person competing to be Mrs. Bowie. ;) that pesky Iman.
Hoping the weather holds out for the engagement session today!
Do you currently have #e-book readers (i.e. #Kindle, #Nook, etc.) at the library?
my opinion of your terrifying grin never meant I didn't think you were hot, as you well know :) I'm glad the date went well! :D
ouch! What a burn haha
Almost done with my economics homework finally!
#answer Newt Gingrich
WORK CREW THIS SUMMER AT CROOKED CREEK, 3RD SESSION!!!!! HOLLAAAA!!!!! GOD IS SO GOOD!!!:)
That girl crying sounds like a dying walrus el 0h el
er....Today. Later today. Like this afternoon.
Congrats! You've won Kelly Clarkson tix! Direct message us with your name and phone number so we can give you info!
Do you mean that as a noun or a verb? ;-)
Just started season 4 as well, I've heard it's the best one! RT Finally picking up where I left off on Dexter season 4
I love that Andrew's mom just called me. Its been so long! Makes me feel loved! And she is excited that I am going to see
so fucking happy i can't even
ok boss.... I'm doing that clock rotation plank/pushup/lat raise and holy cow! Feels awesome though!
i wish i was a little bit taller
I have issue with both of those. I don't want to read the same thing twice. I have to read 's nonsense twice.
Congrats to my bros and !! I owe y'all Drinks!!
So tired
agree, also Penn State.Bills playing great l/y, do "WO", wearing VISITING unis, get crushed by Jets, & lose 7 in row
What's the one Thanksgiving meal side dish you can't live without?
Sea Ray boats. From 18'-61' no one builds a better boat! And no one sells them better than us here at Lake of the Ozarks! Come see me!
You mean a political party controls FOX.
sad thing is that those are the same hot dogs they are going to sell you Saturday
#Thunder are FOR REAL
Ha! I'm with you, Charlie Brown. RT : I love mankind, it's people I can't stand.” <U+2015> Charles M. Schulz
I have the overwhelming urge to color...with crayons, specifically. Not my nice color pencils. What's up with that?
RT - Between the sweat and the spilled beer, I am head to toe drenched on the dancefloor at at right now
Heads up, Houston drivers. There's a shit ton of speed traps (1 per 2 miles) on west bound 290.
“: Ladies and Gents: This is why we love the NBA Playoffs.” <~ #ohctshirts consigns that!! lost :(
I know but what picture are you talking about?
"Oh Baby we can go (go) low (low) low ya"
USC should hold on an offer to OL Max Garcia. A commitment from OL Khaliel Rodgers is not far-fetched. OL not a position of need.
thank you! I'm excited to join the #NavyWife club in February :)
Just for you, I'll roll out a massive golden sombrero update on Monday. I agree, it's overdue.
are you on tonights show, if not I'm not watchin' Love Ya....
With you wherever you are. How was the movie?
Today is game day Georgetown @ HU: Tailgate , Game come to our tailgate for tickets
I HATE WORKING PARTIES THAT START AT 6AM..
How am I already having nightmares about showing up for classes unprepared? Variation: I show up and realize I've missed 2 months of class.
. Thank you for the support. Please help us raise awareness about voting tomorrow by using #Nov8 in your tweets
": after two long (long) seasons, it's not so bad. The Kyrie Irving Era is off to a great start. Go, Cavs.< Thank you Clippers..
Ever. At all.
well hopefully new job kicks old jobs ass in other ways
Back on 95...
I went back 18hrs and couldn't find it. Is it further back? See you later <3
I've got 99 problems but a pitch ain't one.
Good point. I do love "The Big Sleep." The film marked the 2nd time Bogart + Bacall starred together on screen.
,Good Evening
Just wondering what others think about the new hours, thanks for asking!
Alex Halavais… "publishing is what you do, not what you make."
I am not sure what he was trying to accomplish MayB "annoy people by countering their utility then die to their curve-toppers"
Alcohol is a very patient drug. It will wait for the alcoholic to pick it up one more time. ~ Mercedes McCambridge
Barrett used the word "independent" a lot during is victory speech. He says he will be, says it's what voters want.
gonna go see a friends band play in the eastvillage tonite. &by 'friend' I mean 'dude-I-met-in-jail'...
In the words of my girl "Why do you have so many apps???" LOL!
Silly. We're not SoSoCal. (Though that's a funny line for a Los Angeleno to steal from me.) SD + OC +LA are *all* SoCal.
Hunted house today!
oh, turns out they're just girlfriends, sharing feelings. now they're tweeting about this guy next to them who won't stop crying
for you or you phone...lmao
Now I'm wondering if I'm just seeing bad offense as opposed to good defense. *shrugs*
watching the live broadcast!
CAPS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Congrats to the real fans: Tonight is a fun night on the bandwagon.
Cute. I was wondering when pics would arrive.
sure could change the experience of watching movies in the privacy of my own home!
Itchin' for a night of great music and dancing? Come on out to to see Latin C'Nergy LIVE from 7:30-11:30pm!!
Hi Sara. Can you say Hi to me? Since it's my birthday. Thanks.
follow me please UR family is amzing and so are u in so many ways!! I <3 u UR amazingly gorgeous please follow me!!
Just breathe, Midori does that to people, your trance will brush off
Any truth to the rumor that Larry from Perfect Strangers is an Astros fan?
Tasting at Southport Grocery & Cafe on Sunday from 12-2. Come have brunch & chat with Miss Kaicy about syrup! It'll be fun!
I'm in need of u right now....my hormones going crazy
Starting To Shoot My Web Show "Cooking With Lyndsey" ! I Really Hope You All Like It :)
Thanks guys 4 the most AWESOME last 15 yrs. U continue 2 Inspire,Love & Share the most AMAZING music & artist!! God Bless U CMT!
Some people starting to act different
Such a nice dayy
unless its from God ;)
Happy 22nd Birthday The Coldest Nigga Period!! The Muthafuckin Phenom
your luckt u get to see them
Heading to C'ville! Coach... Here we come!!! <U+263A>
turned it off with 7 minutes to go. my wife thought i was going to punch her.
Thanks for following me and
Join us for today's Money Week Workshop from noon-1:00pm in Meeting Room 5: "Goal Setting".
The good thing about Brooks Conrad is that he is the rare switch hitter who has the same production from both sides of the plate.
Headed to to celebrate 's birthday and watch us beat OU. Come join us! It's 8:04 and OU still sucks!
Laying bed fianlly might go to sleep eh
Had fun playing football today I found something new out too!! 's defense is just like cage fighting.
The super bitchy/mean euro barista at Starbucks is on a role today, I think he might actually make someone cry
Question: Is the Avengers the first movie ever improved by the removal of Edward Norton?
Live, Long and Packers.
#IUsedTo hate reading, but I like what I have to read now
FINA charge my phone before this trio thing
No alternative... just cold hard cash, or enjoy a day in the beautiful sun!
DIY=Do It Yourself
Gary Erickson - the CEO of Clif Bar is wow-ing the crowd! Join in on our live stream!
don't diss the stratus. There is a reason it sounds like "status", if you smell what I'm cookin.
bc that isn't you in that picture.
Just.like.heaven.
will do
you haven't tweeted much today. How was your day? :)
Always important to remember that your customer provides your paycheck.
c: When will you post the videos of the ICONic Boyz??
Fuck the giants
RT "Success is nothing more than a few simple disciplines, practiced every day." - Jim Rohn
It's kinda like a natural sleep aid? Over the counter.
lol have Deb take you to Missouri!
I like your work!
Do I even wanna read this manga? I already spoiled the ending.... -_______-
RT : Q5 Do you refer to your workouts as "jogs"? Do you have a difference between "running" or "jogging"?
Had my dose of Mexican food this evening
Man u hate when ppl keep their Bluetooth in. If u ain't on that shit take it out. U remind me of some1 that takes orders @ McDonalds. #2 pls
OKAY AS SOON AS YOU FIND OUT TELL US hehehe
When women go wrong, men go right after them.
The dumbest thing = you have to be connected to Blizzard's servers even to play #Diablo3 solo?
Who wants some discounts?!?!?!?! @ us
We shot a music video for our song "Keep Complaining" this weekend. It was a blast. We had an awesome crew helping us. We are grateful.
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY 2 ALL THE BEAUTIFUL, HARDWORKING MOTHERS!!!
Do you have contact info for your rep? I am interested in offering it in our clothing line
The most important thing I learned this year was how to be responsible with my money. School is better with books and food
Enjoying the time off between semesters :)
sick wasnt it I think manu would give aroldis a run for his money on the fastball
Praying for you!!
...you know, or a hat, no I don’t want you to buy me a hat, I’m saying that I am a hat, it’s a metaphor.”
We about this weekend or next week depending on finals schedule
He is indeed! But don't jinx him, the guy's a headcase. Now, if only Timmy could start pitching like a $20 mil pitcher...
Talk to me boy, hurry up tho
BrewDog Dogma on tap at Amsterdam Café on Geary in San Francisco. Lots of other BrewDog in bottles. Come on out.
For you there's no replacement
(Cudahy) FD on scene of teen hit by vehicle, report just road rash. Med unit will eval
Pretty! Did you see the pic of my henna on fb? It's of a lily! When things start blooming in the garden, u should come over.
thank you for the follow, however I will not follow you back, because your bio looks spammy.
Of course I'll share! Would be great if others make public resources in Springpad too!
hey we have the same birthday wanna hang out?
was up bro
There should be an office zoo.
Shadyside Phone Bank Thursday, March 8 6:00 PM Coffee Tree Roasters (Pittsburgh, PA) 5524 Walnut St. Pittsburgh, PA 15213
Big Event coming up for UM CoEAA!
Thanks Caroline!!
There is a difference between a person who is a chef because they can't do anything else & a cook who does the job & can't do anything else
Peach sangria <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+008A>
I know who I'm rooting for #arie #Bachelorette <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><U+2764>
You don’t have to be perfect to let somebody love you. Remember, being yourself is the best way to make somebody fall in love with you
Kick rocks bitch!!!!!!
Please to meet you and thanks for the follow.
Golden Beetle.
Open House Herb Day Specials!! For $150 on fall webinars or $55 consults w/Sonia, come or call today from 9 am - 1 pm MST!...
what was your old email
Why am I here.
#LastTimeIChecked I still gotta big ass crush on
Thanks for the RT of the book!
or it means 42 percent of those insured have private insurance
I won't stop, I'll keep trying as hard as I can because taught me to #NEVERSAYNEVER ! If he doesn't notice me I WON'T GIVE UPw
it was for ur own good,had to make u realize wut life w/o me was like, now u'll know to appreciate me
#bubba winning in Georgia, it just makes sense
yes! both times i found a better-fit client soon afterward. if i hadn't "fired" myself, i'd have missed it.
Locked eyes with you several times tonight! You're dreamy!
Good luck!
Was okay. Glad its over. Really. How are you luv?
Getting my outfit together for tomorrows performance vs
My Twitter balance is perfect:: 63/63. Life tastes gorgeous right now!
hahaha u listened to it?!?! It's good huh?!?! I was like no I actually like it!!!!!!
Can you help? RT : Any one have a good 1-page "copyright for educational fair use"cheat sheet?
Vegas was fun!!!
I am one.
U are way to wishy Washy!! Just tell them how you feel!!
Okay I give up..to everyone I was talking to... goodnight!!. Lets talk again tomarrow. Bye
monday nothing tuesday nothing wednesday and thursday nothing
i saw a fight last night over Michael J Fox... how is that for fuckin optimism?
UA website getting slammed - can they handle the traffic?
if i called the radio station and got to talk to i would not no what to say...i would should like a idot :(
I could look at that shot of Andrew Bynum in isolation during a #Lakers timeout all day ... #douchebagvindication Go
the same as my twitter
not surprised
I cannot predict the future, i cannot change the past, I have just this moment... I will live it like my last
I have more then 100 people to follow back, so I will follow all of you back tonight. Thank you so much <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
Sticking with my goals today....pretty productive...yippee yay!
Phillip has a girlfriend!
When it comes to chocalate i just
On way to do the same thing. Pork buns get the day moving.
Reiss announce profits thanks to ‘the Kate effect ’ The 'Kate effect' has swept the nation this year. Every time the Duchess of Cambr
Working on recipes today . . . At some point its going to be like picking your favorite child.
Large number of people out sick at work today. Guess I'm glad I missed the office happy hour yesterday.
lol im the one u couldnt pronounce my name Rosalys aka Rose :p
Going to pop some popcorn, put in Boondock Saints, and have a movie night with my pup Reese Cup.
awp having one day sale for last 200 slots. Check site 4 day and time.
#newarrivals Boots, Bags, and apparel from a British design house flying through the line all day today!
that did not help my overwhelming desire to get my turntable up and running again.
Kangaroo jerky
everybody has an addiction...mine happens to be you ;)
If only I could ReTweet this 100 times I would! Thankyou.
Lol, I love the sound of Jerry Seinfeld's voice!!
go broncos baby:)
We our gonna break Kolbs bonzai tree and throw it down into the salt water!
And lastly...Prometheus in the Nineteenth Century by Caroline Corbeau-Parsons for our Studies in Comparative Lit series 2013
This no ice in my area of Florida is really getting to me! I need to skate already!
Students have been giving some really good oral presentations on World War II photos the last few days--I'm really proud of them.
Talking to tech support over the phone at work troubleshooting slow server issues.... Good times ?
Due to the snow tonight's class is cancelled. Stay safe and warm!
Wow! RT : #21JumpStreet is 87% Fresh on Rotten Tomatoes! It's out in theaters RIGHT NOW! Go see it!
Men at Work member Greg Ham discovered dead by friends at Carlton North home - Herald Sun
How cool! We would love to learn more. Thanks for reaching out.
Indeed, sir! Synchronize watches, 10-4, Sidney Crosby, next week...
Burleson needs to SIT!!
So this time tomorrow.. yea. Go
there is a vid out there? I need to see it
Thanks for all the years and championships, Phil!
#Nationals are the most exciting team in baseball right now. Five walk-off wins, 8-0 at home in 1-run games.
January 15, Cleveland Temple will dedicate entire Sunday morning service to MLK with special tribute.
So proud of my girl! She won most photogenic, best personality, & queen of her division! CONGRATS BABY GIRL!!!
yea I got it I'm finna text you heffa <U+E057>
I was grunge before anyone called it
Wow huge thunder strike in Pasadena. Scared the crap out of me.
I hope Jeffery leaves her for another cooking show host.
Checking on # of words. Transcripts come literally within a matter of minutes. Accuracy in my experience is good.
that's nice<U+E057><U+E057><U+E057>
Thanks for the follow. Would love to see you back on TV. Always speak your mind and the truth. Powerful stuff.
Im happy. To be back at my job working hard !!!!
Can I get one!
Also, the lyrics don't show up for some reason. Because I'm screaming, it's hard to understand. The lyrics come with the record.
When I use it I create a class account & hashtag to channel relevant info. Helps to keep things on topic without losing fun.
Nice. Yeah, I recently instituted my own personal IE6 cutoff. Life's too short for that shit.
Carlyle IPO: No Pop, Just Flop
so, what's up?
Noboady in Vegas should have gotten anything before Wed. we had gone 2 a ton of stores and they All said Wed.
RT > MSNBC just said more people have orbited the moon than have pitched a major league perfect game.
I was there to...lurkin in the backseat (;
Happy Monday! Ready for the day to be over yet?
love the new song... Hope to see yous in Baltimore, MD sometime soon!!
OMG it's almost my role model 's birthday!
Happy Birthday Diddy ....enjoy the day my friend !!!!
Never make me mad then tell me to calm down.. That's like stabbing someone then wondering why they're bleeding.
I'm tryna get that professional swag lol
My only #Rapture regret? Never got to visit Prague and go clubbing with the Golem.
I hear you! Sundays can be rough!
Was your sitter dream about ? Darlington isn't that far from you (relatively speaking).
wanted to know if you wanted to get anything to eat. lol. You lose, my good sir.
#ThingsBabyMamasSay if you leave me your leaving this family including your kid smdh
Stuck... in the render queue.
hahaha jk but that's good girl!
what the heck is #netngopk?
It's ALL Gluten Free until somebody gets hurt.
Thank God, people showed up. A little less creepy now.
Seriously tho I could stare at Jordan benker all day.
OMG! That's great!!! Thank you!! (ALWAYS looking for more ideas..!)
Thanks for the follow . Really looking forward to your tech tweets!
how many documentaries were in the run off?
Want a logo done check out www.Wolfeyedesigns.com
1st 2 picks- SEC defense. I'm in and I'm good.
A derby announcer just said of one jockey, "He's not yet a household name." She should have gone on to name the other 18 that aren't either.
Whats the Best way to instant Happiness? Heroin or fruit snacks? I'll take the Latter!
what's up today everyone?
Im starving
Halloween bummer: release of Destroy All Monsters blu delayed for 2 weeks.
oh lord, you're a little old to be a member of One Direction don't you think?
nope day in today x wbu
I didn't tweet this, does this remind u of me? How's the new doggie? he looks precious, can't wait to meet him, see u in May!
Man these refs are awful
(Elizabeth Kenny) He who angers you, conquers you.
We finally got the signed contract for an 800sf green wall in a highly visible location at the main entrance of Fashion Valley Mall, SD.
Come to waffle house with no make up on and I run into someone I know. What are the odds of this
Hey ! Glad to have you on board!
U Know U A Hoe When you suck dick for money.
Yes that would be great. Love to meet you.
#BackInTheDayWhenIwasAKid we knew how to scam the cul da sac to get money for jawbreakers
Augusta to host all 10 state golf championships - Atlanta Journal Constitution
Thanks, you too!
When the Pacers get talked about on ESPN >>>>>
It's really, truly beautiful. I'm on my 2nd listen.
so beautiful. SO WHICH ONE . or hold on..
Ture, but again, its not a parcel large enough to matter. DW is a speck of dust big picture wise.
the police gonna lie to my friend and say the only reason they haven't called my parents is because we placed a civil suit
Can I just recite all of 36 Chambers instead of 36 lines of TS. It would be way more fun and informative for all.
can I have that burger now I'm starving!!!!!
I hope!!! Do you know if the tour is coming to Albuquerque??? Hope to see you soon kneegrow!
thanks for the #FF love! Did you hear that skj is going to go to NYU in London next year? Only 100 accepted each year! :0)
Sunday-Sleep, projects, more cleaning, haircut, dinner, concert in SM, sleep.
Good luck to Julianna!
Did you get the tracks from "Hot 16" mix-tape by
Please, please PLEASE do so. Wealth and privilege creates bigger bubbles than tech. Just look at Romney. Just tell me how to help.
i kind of like winter....its the only time of year when girls can't dress like sluts.
let's get a W dog!go Miao
Me without you is like Facebook without friends, youtube without videos or google without results<U+2665>
Which is exactly my point. Football is brutal and violent and shortens your life. That's obvious. But it's still a CHOICE.
that sounds miserable!
I'm not really a Gaga person but that would be something to see. This...isn't.
I think I left it inside 55 SYCAMORE!
Banshee hungry! Someone send food quickly or the editing cave will soon be destroyed.
hey , who would win in one-on-one (no homo) match: Brian Scalabrine vs Kwame Brown?
she's good. i'm in dallas these days for work. you guys need to come back to the bay to kick it soon.
shower and
To anyone who follows me who's Jewish: Shabbat shalom. Chag Sameach Pesach. (Hope I got that right. Had to look it up).
Hey is taking about you at
Aint tell'n anyone who doesnt already know. Looking good!!!
We can my brutha lol RT but ill let u know see if u niggas can walk them waters yet lol
Nine Minutes.
amazing! And without all the influence enhancing drugs!
Vanessa's Gal Bladder came out today. she won't be around for a few days send her a get well note to sales at nowrec dot com!
maybe you can teach me some meteorology :) but thats fine he's a lucky man, if it don't work out you know who to tweet ;)
5th grade worst ass whoopin I ever had from a report card. LMAO. Couldn't even dream about sitting down again.
link me? i wanna hear
Finished my interview for a football based magazine on what the 'zone' is. Touched upon the higher mind & athlete experiences in the zone.
well thank you my LOVE BUNNI..I HOPE your NEW YEARS is FUN!!!!
Excited about Mumford & Sons!!!
Back from #pickupsoccer on a chilly but sunny fall morning at the lakefront. Now enjoying cereal with raspberries, nectarine, and banana.
A matching popcorn machine - SmallWorlds Forum - popcorn machine
he probably will
New Year's Eve will never be the same. Here's to a lifetime of memories. RIP Dick Clark.
It's a VERY short step from using drones for surveillance to using drones for justice.
What's up Twitter my followers tell me about your day and let me know what's on your mind
TAMI FROM #BBW NEEDS 2 GROW THE FUCK UP!!!!!!! LIKE 4REAL YOU 40 YRS OLD ACTING LIKE A DAMN 14 YR OLD IN PUBLIC…
Oh snap!! Did that just happen!! #walkingdead wow!!!
Omg.its something bout u. Just dnt know wht it is.All in my.feelings right now.smh. i think im......Uh oh.
Isn't chicken fowl?RT : Fixed. RT : I try not to use fowl language on here. But Colin Cowherd is a CHICKEN!
make it fun and Work hard
Note to self: do not fly airlines again. #delayedflight Taking the bus home instead of sitting in O'Hare for 5 hrs.
She did...she looked at me all undereyed and cute...i'm still pissed. :-( I wanted to wear these shoes tomorrow.
we are looking for a site in your area....hopefully we will find one soon!
Pitino: We are going to know them, they are going to know us
Calvin Harris tonight ! Hmu for guest list ladies
Attending the #Houston Heritage Society lunch in Sam Houston Park downtown!
No, she wasn't ready! Ctfu
Celebrating my friend's 30th birthday at 2nd stop, Baton Lounge!
for sure! I am developing teachings of your greatness and love. I see going all around the world to share my heart and vision
Thanks, Chad. That was me. You should have said Hi.
Happy born day to the Cryptic One, !
love it! PLAY definitely! as long as you look at it in the right way and by your excitement I can tell you are :)
Ugh, was gonna try to get to sleep at decent hour, just flicked on Gladiator, at the beginning!
Looking for street team members! If you are in the metro-detroit area and love music and shows send us a message!
haha..good to hear..
Do they have any suspects?
I know. I'm sorry! You'll b happy I think.
lol of kourse skrillz but avicii i have not yet heard. you knw i see it everywhere but nevr really paid attn to it
awesome! Well we are more than likely booking a Sat. in March. I'll keep you posted!
Ceelo went the other way
and seriously, stop saying I told you so argghh!! I'm gonna talk to Joaklin see if he can hook me up lol.
I thought she was a push over?
#uwcio watching 2nd CIO candidate present to campus this morning.
that's pretty cool
#thingsblackpeopletakeseriously we don't eat just ANYBODY's potato salad!
Best bet is one-on-one w trainer to get started. Some PTs offer eval/advice. Beginner series at hospital-affiliate gym.
"But I'm so much BETTER than that guy!" "Yeah, but he's got a Prius, so..."
Drink more wine son!!!
#spotifyfail can't password reset, spotify's response? try facebook. no, I don't want you near my FB. and i pay for this? cancel
The time is always right to do what is right.
I love you! You're so funny!!!!!
im unhappy bout more thingz than i can name -_-
she is very excited about her compliment
Do our votes even matter? Something to think about, give us some feedback..
When people do not respect us we are sharply offended; yet deep down in his private heart no man much respects himself.
There is a high wind advisory starting at 11 am....
follow me?
Atlanta Braves staying at Ritz Carlton Pentagon City VA - in town to play the Nationals
RT How much douche could a douchebag douche if a douchebag could bag douche? <---- HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!!!!
I'll tell you what I said!
I don't know...kinda up to u
Thanks to all of our listeners from all around the world! Thanks for listening to Smooth Jazz Beach Radio!
: Those weird fire dancing puppets STILL creep the hell out of me...
We will be at the Summer Education Kickoff at Pittsburgh Schenley on Saturday and at the CLP's Summer Reading Extravaganza on Sunday!
thanks for following Zan! :)
Well, we're still DC's favorite *outdoor* film festival! :)
Iron Tech Lawyer competition has concluded... coverage coming soon... Thanks to all the teams! /
Remember if your not the one there, somebody elts is...
I don't feel like working...
of course I'm gonna tell you bae! You're like the first person haha
#TrueStory RT FLORIDA........ You SUCK when it rains!
Setting tomorrow aside as a reading day. Do not disturb.
x present #ForTheFuckOfIt coming June 1st!
When i woke up this morning all i could think about was YOU...
oh snow white with diana rigg is on after sleeping beauty. she is so good at playing evil in that movie
Yay, thanks buddies!
box of last minute Shit
thanks bro
Wearing my bright orange #SFGiants shirt around #LA. It's fun when the guys in the Dodgers shirts give me a look!
Pretty sure I'm addicted to Storage War$....
Watching Don't Be Afraid of the Dark. Oh gosh......
#PrizesOnTheHoodPriceIsRight a years supply of HIV medication.
Ran into the wall>> so i #uglyfaced it! Bob's your uncle!!
Hey Brand Ambassador's! Check out
Oh I have and they are great. Take them to Europe. But not in my budget for regular trips. Plus SW gives me drink coupons :)
i wonder if people still remember me.. i remember all of you
That is great and I know is also planning on doing a great new interactive drop-in learning lab!
Unfollow me if you must but Avengers was stupid.
Cause she's FAR FAR away !! ,
The White Garden by Stephanie Barron
I'm here at ASCAP Music Cafe for live performances from members of Sundance Institute Composers Lab
! Happy Friday to you too my love ! Love ya & Miss ya!
Busy Busy Busy!
shiiiiit I'm so down to play London. Your displeasure is being caused by the vocalist haha.
Your scarring me! :)
Be prepared: Know first aid for your pet
Is there a Generic and Universal RolePlaying Soda? I recall I used to enjoy that...
um all of them.
does it count if you showed them earlier today?!
Brian made the league, league id 94432, password 123456
*Misses RT to kill battery by 5 min* RT : 5% when I wake up, where's my charger
sitting in class reading all your tweets and trying not to lol. MISH YOUU keep being silly
is drinking wine straight from the bottle...fuck you allergies!
Today is going great so far :)
I'm still hitting paywall via rocne.ws links too, FWIW. Give it a try.
Had no idea Towson had a Friendly`s out here
YOU HAVE NO FUCKING LIFE YOU JUST HATING ON HER CUX SHES BEAUTIFUL GO SUCK ON UR SMALL PENIS U DUMB BASTERED
Bingo is cancelled tonight for Game 2 Watch Party on the big screen! #Thunderup!!
Good question, probably falls into the same camp as anyone who just tells it like it is, damn the torpedoes full speed ahead.
Wowzers! Hopefully, he won't have a reality show detailing his campaign.
If you can’t be a pencil to write anyone’s happiness, then try to be a nice eraser to remove someone’s sadness.
Random: got in my car in the middle of big parking lot and a baby sparrow was on it. Hopped on my finger and I brought it home...
thank you! We're so excited about introducing new features soon!!
Thanks Wendy! I look forward to it as well.
He lives in Canada! I swear!
Returning fm San Diego, site of incredible #learning experience at #SIOP2012. Gr8 to re-connect w colleagues & make many new connections.
I want to meet these men and women who made history tonight. Thank you, friends, you never get the kudos you deserve.
No, the Vandy coach is only upset he got caught. If he didn't like it, then he would have stopped it already.
Leap Day William. Dibs on the Halloween costume.
Excited to tap the Cheeky Yinzer and Church Brew Works Sour Mash tonight
#ExpertVisibilityTip: Being responsive, available & (reasonably) overdelivering make you a VALUABLE expert source to the media.
If you do the same thing today as you did yesterday, what have you done? Nothing!
I've been really missing San Francisco lately.
Hello! :) Not new, just starting a new "Social Media" presence.
RT : Issue raised by the Carters' talk: How do you define recovery from physical and mental health conditions?
<My wife and I just watched the movie, I wish the world was filled with people like you and your family.
Today is the perfect day. No school. New One Direction music video. Finchel/Klaine sex on Glee. Life is fucking good.
Tired... Declan is home(;
#JoplinSchools looks to begin demolition of #JHS & 4 other schools in the next 4 weeks.
Go #Mariners!!!
this tweet is taking away from valuable non-balanced time. ;p.. I am glad that this writer understands. Thank you for the share.
lag time is normal for a broadcast from the other side of the world, but are the nets maybe also worried he'll bust into song
Four new designs to the webshop coming soon as well as an official website!
I was 100GB for life lol
RT« I hate being single.....»
Still love you!! Was a great season!! & Come back to Spectrum Grill soon!!! :)
Honored “ #Omaha Rock Stars!
RT Wondering why folks in Metro are looking at me funny, then remember I have Yuri Gagarin's face tattooed on my cheek
Isn't that the truth. Philly media couldn't stand T.O. dropping any pass -- imagine the uproar when Tebow short-arms everyone.
No , I don't want to be part of your MAFIA family :D ?!
Idle question: what is below a 'fart in the wind' on the scale?
Really don't like Chris Webber's commentating...
wat do u mean
better be lol
Dude, you are my #SPN tattoo family....but here in the states....Avril is considered an abomination.
Thank you to those who have donated to HISanDiego# $700 so far for giveBig# via sd_fdn If you haven't, read about us and be inspired...
Google search engine
glee is omg so deep today i love thus episode
Thanks so much.
miss my friend :-)
When you hungry an tired of junk food dats wen it hits you, time for a gf lol
Does Joe Biden remind anyone else of the male version of Clairee from Steel Magnolias?!
Choose Monterrey Jack cheese instead of cheddar for your Tostado Salad and save 29 calories, 3 grams of fat and 10 grams of cholesterol.
Stick my head in the freezer sections at the grocery store .. OK, really? Lots of iced tea, heavy on ice & lemon
Oh prom season. Only in Leesburg would 17 year olds arrive in Porsches.
No school for me today!
ok yummy
A family stitched together with love-seldom unravels.
welcome back!
Going to the mall with my friends tomorow :D spring break is already getting better
JC Western Supply-WPB ONLY-50% OFF SALE-SELECT STYLES Lucchese/Ariat/Justin/Old Gringo/Dan Post/Rocky/Wolverine/Thorogood WHILE THEY LAST.
Pauly D :D
Here comes the rain... *sigh*
Haha, yes, I suppose it is appropriate then.
RT: : Wow! I love Lion King! Best movie in the world!!! :)
#bmorehistoric Linda Shopes: How can we use heritage to deal with Baltimore's deep heritage and bridge divisions between neighborhoods?
I don't serve anyone
We are what we think. All that we are arises with our thoughts. With our thoughts, we make our world. ~ Gautama Buddha
do you have an email address I can email you my address >.< so you can send me my fantabulous prize ^_^
How many flips have you ever done at one time?
Thank you, it feels like yesterday
right on. well yo, keep us updated on any future shows, Im really impressed with how well your booking is coming along! -Tom
Nap nap nap.
Swarm defense
Hubbie and I are thinking of canceling cable. Anyone else done it?
why do you keep going there ?
We need to make sure to get #coderdojo elluminate link to so she can be part of the discussion!
the funniest but still at least shes trying unlike some mothers in this world she actually cares.
you've got to be kidding me...I am so frustrated and wishing so much for my friends in #Egypt that things will turn around!
Auditions for Harmony to Help will be by appointment only, this Wednesday evening. Kids under 18 with amazing talents encouraged.
So it was the 70s!! Dear Gawd!
Sorry.. I didn't mean to offend
well you're doing more then me cause that was a bomb and you guys are 19-2
I speak: I'll be back, when I'm here on web, okay, my computer stay sad, 'cuz I never back! :]
No one wants a world filled with racism but equality won't mean much without a healthy environment in which to live and habit.
we look forward to having you as part of the community here. Thanks for the compliment! :)
The Hollywood Jammers are looking for a little luv and support from the Southern California Community. Please come out and support us. Thanx
i like how it seems like when i told him he didnt have to hang out with me tonight he got happy AF
someone speaks spannia ?
Rock n Roll
sadly, most people who discover baseball only get as far as the Yankees. Except maybe for :)
Woohoo! Nice dedication! A quick 5 mile run between shooting #Days and
Aside from being a rich data source, the American Community Survey keeps alot of people employed in that scary Census compound.
#LMSunSIG pretty good bb-created videos
Thanks! Hope you are well!
... 8th graders haven't heard of Napster.
Enjoying my day :-)
#dreamlife Angelina Jolie was was after me and my kids in a "Salt" type manner. I'm not a villain and they ARE my kids..so wtf, Angie?! LOL
Katy Perry won a People's Choice award for having breasts while also doing something else.
i seriously just can't stop watching your videos. they make my day 100 times better. :) your the bestt!
RE: amazing Valentino dress. Heard collective sigh from archivists everywhere at phrase 'archival dress' How about vintage? Miss U
organic cheddar bunnies- new favorite crackers
what up... New follower here.... Your pic is hot<U+E106><U+E405>
I concur but the problem per the article is the high cost of their services in the US.
kickstarter.. Or the kitchen nightmares producer guy is from Pgh
thanks for the RT! That's like Freud himself retweeting me.
Tomorrow ART UNDER PRESSURE is going to be OPENING AT 2pm. Join us @ Occupy the Justice Dept.! Congregation is at 11am!!
keep it complicated, smarty
This Evo not charging...<<<
Ha:D
I come home from work to watch DC and the boys on Idol and it was awesome!! I love the new song!!!
Oh damn. Promoting my cousin... Ain't I awesome? Haha Jk.
Ughh why am I doing a poke war at 1 am?!
ha ha ha omg I'm old ..!! Grrr thanks tho ;)
Days like these, I really miss my best friend.... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>
We've got some exciting news about an international outpost in development, think Ireland, the Little Black Egg, farmers' markets, hot pies
Great info about resources at for Entrepreneurs and Small businesses.
what channel r u watching
Okay so, don't waste your money on "Dark Shadows" but y'all HAVE TO see "Battleship".
no pro combats this year. Sucks but it's a smart move to force people to buy the swag next year
Bullying is wrong! 3 million people get bullied each year and only some are strong to survive <3 speak up stand up and help people out <3
Came back from the keys, miami fl. I got inspired for new shirts designs. Up and running. Beach life is the best.
k guys. i'm on the bus now.
A River Runs Through Hartmut's Face
Astronauts say they recognize austere times but ask legislators to "keep the dream alive" and promote space travel.
Good to see they did stuff to prevent the counterfeit passes. It was really bad at West last year.
omg. So u guys r driving all the way to NC?
Killing am cardio with sore quads from yesterday's destruction =)
i can listen to that one from start to finish like 10 times in a row
Don't forget to listen to the new mid day guy Biff starting at noon tomorrow
Time for paninis
becuz I just had to hide my phone under my butt when my mom came to check if I was sleeping.
because you don down yourself ... I hope you don't really think thst
New for Norwegian Cruise Lines past passengers - receive up to $250 onboard credit for Europe 2012 sailings! Call our experts 800-803-7245
The rush to minimum viable product is a thrilling one. Highly recommended.
last softball game of the season todaay :) going to miss my JV girls<3
#EPL is awesome! Been a fan for a while now.
Whoever guards his mouth and tongue keeps his soul from troubles. prov 21:23
fell in love with him at 13, married him at 33. He waited.
I'm so proud of my sons... My boys are both so bright and I know they have a bright future! Love you Nicholas and Joshua!
It's only 8:30? Shoot me.
Ima be 25 sitting on 25 mills the way I'm hustling
So, anyone in San Francisco free for dinner tomorrow night?
Evening everyone. How's it going
becuz she has the money and the time to do it.
curate content for your target reader audience on twitter to keep them connected #USC #writers conference
...apart from when you get to the bits at the bottom of the cup - catches me out every time!!
I read you lived in VA Beach during your teen years. I lived in Hampton, VA part of my teen years in the early 80s. Loved it!
Been to a Mexican WM- bonkers!!“: Thing I found out at franchising expo: 50% of grocery stores in Mexico are now Walmarts.”
man, I'm getting close to my 5 year MLIS anniversary, crazy!
Me either.
Listening to music c:
I want to watch an action movie. What are some good new action or thriller movies!?
Spring into smooth sexy skin with the VI peel 50% off through March 31st. Euorpean facial $49.00. Bikini wax $25.00
#THUGLIFE hahaha RT Why is this white guy wearing a Do-rag... Ignore the Tupac shirt & ankle shorts
Game 2 Second Period Open Thread - On The Forecheck (blog)
@ @ of course! How could I fail to mention that?!
the cake boss make great cake to eat and the best cake fight cakes ever the last 2 time we had a birthday or thinkgiving we had a cakefight
Eli says as we are getting out of the car, "Momma, I know God made the wind, but it's going to blow me away!"
Georgetown v Notre Dame tonight. Thinking about meeting up with at for the game watch. Anyone interested?
follow us darlink!
Back up to $70,000,000 on Saturday! Fingers crossed...
We will remember that! :-D
. woooohoo! #Canucks Win! Schneider was on fire! That's the team I remember!
Alex just said " who needs a relationship when I have my iPhone " we call this
Going to write another song before I go to bed:)
ok :) i would really mean a lot if I could tiny chat with them :) don't worry, Dave will come
AAPT good entry point for the next leg up! .024, I will be accumulating in this area myself.
lol!! He swear he's hard cause he got the big body guards
in my happy place... listening to The Shins
field trip Today #heckya no school for me
Would Matt Leinart be a good fit in Seattle with Pete Carroll?
sup boo
I just stole one of the Chinese fruits from my neighbor's tree. It tasted delightful.
What are you getting into today? Hanging out anywhere?
Both locations are open at 10am all week! WOOHOO! Spring Break!
No matter how much I try to prepare myself I still feel a sudden jolt when my toast pops up.
so i cant find microsoft word on my computer....
you should follow us We know all those #FunFacts ;))
Good! See you Thursday, study hard for all your exams.
Peanut butter no jam.
my sentiments exactly!
Going to 7-11 for some beer..
Funny how I'm catching shit after what you did. Fuck me right.
City needs more than just Christmas lights - Hattiesburg American City needs more than just Christmas lights Hattiesburg American Saturda
I played plenty of undergrounds then, but not in Detroit. All LA and SoCal. I'm in SD once a month tho!
Crispy chicken, fresh lettuce three cheeses, ranch dressing....
That's fantastic! Hooray! Y'all are great.
I thought it was good ... only a few Hangover-ish/totally insane comedy scenes, but it definitely had me laughing out loud!
RT : Love Thanks Julie for joining us at !
i hate when nigga become a new person and act all fake and stuff when they r around diff ppl that shizz really get me
luke follow me
We are GORGEOUS! :D
I agree, and I've never been a fan of either team.
I miss my doggie :'(
You got to be all about the 92101!!
Im no beauty queen just beautiful me!!
I think we should all have a giant Bluebell ice cream feast to celebrate.
magic Johnson son!
I'm surprised nobody #passed the mic to you, Robert. Shit. I was handling the mic to my #daughter when she was 6.
Thanks for the message. I was actually wondering who I would talk to about applying for a PR/Marketing job? I'm about to graduate.
Yeah new Apps on Facebook being announced on
I want that to be me and my crush<3
Love how every one of my best friends are having a good time without me
2nd Her booty must be hungry because it is just eating up those shorts!
Pretty sure I have listened to that show off and on since I was a teenager (back before the light bulb etc.)
thanks bro!
Blaine talked all the way home about his new "fwend" Tyler. He is concerned tho b/c u r too big for his class
Dollar jersey mikes subs with
I think Buffalo Wild Wings is behind this power outage.
where you been fam
ya i got 1 you got a phone
Off to meet with to talk about expansion of our joint tutor program. Looking forward to adding more schools!
glad im not taking the honors test. i heard it was a bunch of reading.
Another good one. Tx again!
Great day, cold weather.
how often do you guys play mix? Hoping to pop over next time.
Obama seems like just another establishment guy based on what he's done as president, what makes you think he would change now?
Aww shit... Well it was still a little breezy lmao!
up listenin 2 Basedprint2.. favorite song: streets never sleep.
It is a fun room. : Want to play #poker? You totally can because our #BelterraPoker Room is now open 24 hours!”
i have to eat ice cream right now.
Seek ing SUCCESS? Everyone loves a truly gracious winner...every true winner is truly gracious...they are indelibly bound together...
had an affair with a student at Western, wears tennis shoes with dress shirt and tie. I'm still not sold
Alaaaa. I don't want gelap:(
does this mean I can have your Coldplay tickets? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Your tweet about Lois Lane is the top tweet on the #LoisLaneSeries feed for that tag! lol Good job! ;)
i hate studying but i got too smh!!
Next time I need one, you're coming with me?
do you remember me I was Key's stunt double on Goonies. I hope you are well.
When did that Tweet Attack finally start last night? I waited til 2:30 last night here in Jersey before I went to bed.
Back at work today after 1 wk in DC then 1 wk in AZ - Grand Canyon is just as grand as I remember... but COLD this time of year!
Rape or consensual sex?
Are you going to join Klout? Apparently I'm your influencer.
Oops! I hope my Allstate friends can help you, ?
That guy is an idiot to not be wearing a helmet
Really impressed with this cardiology center. Taking care of my 94 year old #MaryFrances in #Memphis and so thankful of this time
Thank you! I'm chuffed to be among those whose tweets are considered KVLT! : )
Wow. My twitter is irritating me.
did I just hear that #HighSociety is airing in the UK? Must get there right away!
You are welcomr, thank you for the follow!
Keep it up Butler. Duke's gonna start missing those 3's
There is no substitute for good old fashioned hard work!!!
Thank you so much Emily - I loved the energy in the audience. Made my job easy. :)
lmao my mom text so slow I was like want me to do it for u
Book? Check. Platform? Check. Literary Agent? not yet. DM us we need a list of 20 agents to propose to.
lol I'm using apps...bored AF nothin else to do
I can not sleep
Heroic 10-year-old translates CPR instructions during family emergency
I swear to god if HIMYM draws out this wedding bullshit till next season I am gonna goddamn lose it. (I'm watching now, no spoilers!!!)
RT : Practice was good. Getting prepared to be apart of something special. Friday night lights.
I do all the time. Your the only one I fully trust and can come to whenever I need someone<3
all the time. I stopped cause I started playing baseball again. It was also getting somewhat old lol
well no offense..but who cares what thinks! you should be able to like him and not worry!
RT if u love twitter more than facebook
thanks! ur blog is great
I love Justin's hair before, when he flips it. I mean its the cool thing, and I wonder if he got ears tho. Haha
"Mum's reaction to d whole PM flag been taken off was "Those students are stupid".Seriously,control issue needs to be attend."
I hate having allergies/ a cold at the same time and then having my crush see me looking like crap
you always know what to say bro
What? Tomorrow is National Donut Day? Well, OK, I'm down with that!
In a time of excess spending, it's nice to see Boehner walk the walk by procuring a nice cocktail mixer set for his desk
Apartment hunting sucks... Even more so when you are looking for apartments in a different state
Bored as hell........sleepy as ever.! *sighs*
Can the #Brewers pen ever protect a big lead? Brewer fans melt down begins now
CRASH in Vancouver: NE Padden Parkway @ NE 78th street
Am I the only one who didn't buy a lottery ticket for tonight's drawing?
RT : Clinton "pleased" w/ role US played in Chen affair. Keeping him in China "reflected his choices and our values."
Kyle Boller is to quarterbacking as Eli Manning is to Tom Brady
No they don't! RT : some people just don't use their head.
I saw Dolly this past weekend at the Hollywood bowl--brilliant and stunning show!
Outdoor fitness...
Having a dream so realistic you have to think if it happened or not.
Good morning peeps...let's see what's waiting around the corner today
whats in jacksonville
If yu a top notch bitch let me hear ya holla
rock dc, i am still hearing your melodies in my ears and mind u common and chrisette mitchelle, did it big in dc i got my 2's up
is sorry for how you feel today. But last night was fun right? or don't you remember?
Get home from work is one of the best feelings
enjoying too damn much! Gotta stop eating like this!
Omg all these kidnappings on the news
tonight has been so shitttty.
what's good son you see Fraz get robbed on that hit just now
Thanks and Good Luck!
Listening to Zimmerman's brother try to explain his bro's actions on This guy is a joke. "I believe" he is in denial
MISSING GIRL INFO: Abagail, 5'4" 140lbs, 13, white. Walked away from Wright Middle School 90 min ago (Fish Hatch/Belt area)
Gathering books for 7-day trip: "Today" by David Miller; "Bad Things Happen", Harry Dolan; "1222" by Anne Holt. Need one more . . .
oh and I also think should totally submit a set to I'd love to see that. Giggity!
That Scottish substitute has the coolest accent ever
I like his style. RT Alright people. Looks like our little boy is going to be a little late to the party.
Gotta stay focused
“: Going to check out Sunday jazz night at the W Hotel with my roll dog ” jazz is awesome!!!
done! :D
Its the end of the school year & still haven't bought a parking pass. My truck was never towed.Way to enforce your rules this year, western.
Emanuel: not for charters, turnarounds or magnets, just what works. "Any one of those jockeys that gets us there, I'm for it."
I'm sorry if this hurts you. I'm sorry, I just lied. The truth is I don't care if you get hurt or not for all the tears you made me cry.
My friend needs job ideas. Any suggestions??
Clearly thibodeau is the biggest fan of tonite's collapse, makes him seem less silly 4 leaving Rose in.
Did somebody say Queso? T : Rain schmain, let's talk about queso.
You too! RT : Thanks for the 'follow' guys & all the best in the New Year!
To be honest, I'm out back on my deck, listening to the inestimable Bill Schoening call this one.
learned a lesson today - NEVER make cookies alone! There's no one to help eat them & I eat the whole batch. LA Fitness, here I come... maybe
Hey Lakers! You can get the finga.....THE MIDDLE!!!!!!
I'm back baby I'm back
Hell brisket tacos are no joke #$2tacotuesday
I'm still working in CS3 at work as well but starting to upgrade to 4. Wish we had 6, so many things would be better. so many
Watching the baby owls tonight was AWESOME!
