no matter what happens to you in life, remember it goes on
We are going to be making some changes! :) Stay tuned! :)
up early bored guess im bouta go bck to slp lata twitter
Checking out the latest on www.helpmybusiness.com . This is cool
absolutely man catch u at your next show bruh
So apparently 100 cover design samples and a 9-page price list "isn't enough information" for this buyer...sigh.
C'mon man. Spoilers.
Kate Mckinnon... That's it!
- this fone so DUMB
Any chance Caesar will be in a good mood 2 nights in a row
Are you guys using blogs@ Baruch blogs? Which class?
Now that I have plenty suggestions of locations for a 1920's shoot I will start working in making some of them possible!!!
I'll be down as SOON as I get back!
you slacking baby daddy .
perfect. I'll meet you there in a week.
Hit the ground running.
"Think about it. If we lived back in the day, he'd be going to war! And you couldn't Skype at war." -comfort, style.
I don't even know what to think anymore...
Hey Mom! Thinking of u, hope to make ya proud this morning. Love ya.
on the weeks that is retired, I'm here if u need me!
Big Bro
it would be great if you could attach a pdf to an expense instead of just images. bc of the whole print to pdf thing.
Wow! More than 5,000 5th graders from almost every elementary school in Long Beach visit LBMA each year with the free KidsVisions program.
it's like a pink-purple. You'd love it.
Cell phone is broken. Emails and call to work are the only way to get me for the time being.
Really wish I had a subscription to the WSJ to read its response to Apple's digital textbook announcement today.
You are very welcome!
Good afternoon! Are you eagerly awaiting our announcement of our most fantastic special ever?!
I still have a chipped front tooth from a mini-golf accident. Never saw the big backswing coming.
. hosts #MusicforaMission w/ !
I'm dumb as shit but cute! So bare with me LOL LOL
Good morning! riding on the train/ springtime energies rising/ in the quiet car
I seriously wouldn't stop kissing you for like an hour. Fuck breathing.
So wrong but feels so right...gahh I hate that feeling!
I miss playing softball..
Marketing plan... Blah
You know we will :D
It's Friday! Weekend is here! What are your plans?!
good job today boo, how'd it go?
There should be a dunkin donuts at forest hills. I want a strawberry coolata <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0093>
It's a life-changer. I've got 2 and yes, one is a mini for my desk.
RT : Fire at Schmitz Hall. Seattle Fire on scene w/UWPD - Please avoid the area
Eh, just be you. That'll do the trick.
Seriously Milwaukee. Clean your airport!
": Did you know? Briere has scored 106 career points in 104 career Playoffs games. #Clutch" great stat must have
Baby Steps :)
ok fine game on
3 days to #420 ! But I'm stuck in stinkapore. So happens my #birthday falls in the same week. :)))
I need to die for five minutes, so I know if a God or some shit like that exists.
i might come late...im not sure cuz im always late
Had 2 games last night now 2 right now!
yes girl he was! And Elyce and Carolyn onopa, Bebe! Lol that's class use to crack!
I always think talent is the easy part, the hard part is what you do with your talent
I hate hospital beds.
Available! Kodak assignment coming to an end soon.
Thank you. That's very nice of you!
Hears a strange tonal thing emitting from the Emmys.
. I approve, though the one of the cat mean mugging his birthday cake is quite funny.
. Sounds more like NYT was criticizing the genre more than The Avengers. That being said twitter allows all to critique
I can barely contain my excitement!!!!
Already Monday?? Put a little spice in your life with some spicy margaritas!!
TGI-FRYday!!! Free small Waffle Fry with the purchase of any Entree and regular drink purchase!
We had a spectacular meeting last night. We've got a strong (and growing!) group of sex workers and activists ready to take on this year!
ooh I love trips, so exciting! Especially around here, you never know where your going to end up. Particularly if your with me.
glad you're digging be sure to see you on friday.
I'll just add it to my list
Nope QT : so... uh. is the beer any different from when you drank it a few weeks ago?
Thanks as always for supplying. Hopefully see you and the bagpipers on Saturday.
It's meant as "wake up call." Most people who ruin others' social opportunitiess are oblivious to it. Hence the directness!
ha ha ok, just making sure! We it's my pleasure.
not sure yet. Suppose to have some good teams in the tourny.
Hi - we love your website!:) Would you be available for an inteview with public radio in Los Angeles on Monday morning?
felt good tonight. Great weather. I just finished a 3.37 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
New antibiotic-proof strain of gonorrhea is finally here!
No, bespectacled mop-haired white kid in a passing car, I will not show you my tits.
We missed Rex Brothers didn't we. Next time.
When did I become such a clean freak? It's disturbing. Or maybe it's just you?
Another reason to keep your crack pie addition going as the newest (and 5th) is now open in Carroll Gardens. 360 Smith Street.
Geez Trial by fire for the 3-3-5 D before the guys learn it well...
thank YOU for the follow--come see us soon, you'd love what we do with local produce +we'd love to have you, have a great weekend
Don't Forget, The Holiday Art Walk in Beautiful Little Italy is this Weekend!
Way to GO. Sorry 4 typo.
Angry Birds &amp; Toothpaste: A Match Made in Business
have done :D
good job!
fat ass!!! Do they have egg whites?
Thank You #MLK for enduring everything you had to so that I don't have to. Rest In Peace and Happy Birthday.
When you grow, grow smart. Consider staff limitations and happiness level, efficiency of services, profitability, and more.
my vision is gettin all blurry -__-.
I want to skype.
Homeschooling my children is harder than i thought but, Worth It.
Plantier and Sam Horn. Two of the Sox greatest sluggers.
Ugh...well this should be interesting
Can't wait to hear about your time at Internet Retailer Week! Anyone go to Radio Party in Vegas?
Lmao this women on the train got a full blown mustache!
back at ya. I'm sure many of your Sidwell Friends Alumni are disgusted by the lack of work ethic of these protestors..
then don't do it, just chill and relax (:
I enjoyed my last day in Tc.Got to kick it wit my 2nd fam nshit.Ill see yall next year.
jeff carter is gross. stop that.
God u r such an awesome God as always...got back into a management position!!!!! Needed that!! #pumped #excited #trulyblessed :) Thank u
Listening to Hit The Lights and I'm feeling it.
I'm twisted.......door knob
Finally got my phone fixed!
it's great and difficult but so amazing to hear their stories. Thanks for including me!
i really like the nexus s, but i think the Galaxy S 4G is a very nice one to be looking out for.
Rest peacefully, Gary Carter.
I'm pissed. I'm as pissed as I can be.
alright. I'm glad you found someone
Blonde Moment: What exactly does "I've got the moves like #Jagger" mean? Who is this Jaguar anyway? He must be quite popular.
Forgive....baby girl!
joe munz omg I fucking love him
thank you!!! is the awesome & talented actor & director of BFF, make sure to follow this guy!
Hey, thanks! We have a lot of fun. You're neat too!
Billy Crystal looks like old Charles Foster Kane
It's your choice: you can be right or you can be the bigger person.
I have over 20 of his books! He's 1 of my favs. I went to his #BeTheChange conference a few yrs ago. Have you looked at his history
Free Sandwich time
Hey! You never answered my question! Is is possible to tear down your entire city and start all over again? Mine is just MESSY!
won again. Well done woman!!
Our destiny is to build on the legacy...
I've missed that sugar!
She cuts herself. Not to deep, Just enough to feel the pain..
The lakers destroyed the cleveland cavs (jv college team) in a 50+ pt margin win to extend their streak to 5! HFM NFL predictions up tmr!
when it rains..it POURS... and nun of your so called friends/gf/bf/ brings an umbrella
R.I.P to my little brother Mickey. You left us too soon but you are still our beacon of light for strength and guidance.
rapped up in a bunch of blankets
how I wish I were there. All amazing songs!
Hey your SSL issue.
I can't believe the media harps on any political woman's fashion~
That would be amazing. <U+2665> Happy New Year Ariana. <U+2665>
Err, DownThemAll. Then question is... where / how to post?
It's kinda like how I bought MS Weddings for like 2 years before we were even engaged.
It's bout to be a long morning, thinking bout the check, I just wanna sleep
yeah im gonna go :) are you?
Decking myself out in green and gold as we speak. =)
is a coward!
Hi! What charity are you planning on donating to for the fight against Autism?
RT : Ability to be generous comes from willingness to be vulnerable. - Steve Sjogren
Just gotta say....damn you're hot.....
Since when can asians grow facial hair?
I'm always a big deal, you should know that by now haha jk jk but thank you sir I appreciate the love
Wow a trophy from I wasn't prepared, & don't have a speech ready. Id like to thank all the ppl...hey Kanye gimme that back!
yes, quite a few
def will be home for Thanksgiving
RT : 18 and doing well! No babies, two jobs, in school, own apartment, and most of all JESUS. ~ Very mature for 18! Congrats!
Thanks for the follow - we work with Y Gen entrepreneurs
that the mid-west for you
Justin Bieber And Carly Rae Jepsen Just Don't Take Their Lyrics Literally - Popdust
The good physician treats the disease; the great physician treats the patient who has the disease.
trueethatt “ he's already famous tho, he don't need to come back ^__^”
I just don't see how all this biology I'm studying has anything to do with my life
follow me??? Porfaa ;)
Had encouraging convo w/one of my mentees today. She got an important phone call today. Hope it blossoms into a job.
If I've learned anything from working in Birmingham it is not to expect anything from anybody.
The Saints franchise is falling apart before our eyes but for some reason still hasn't signed its franchise player. Makes sense.
Nigerian scammer is stalking me.He's "Vexatious litigant":He abuses the system.He demands I work for him 4 free.Can't get rid of him. HELP
Just Arrived... #Mushroom Starter Kits. We have #Oyster #Shiitake and and #WineCap Peg Kits! $15.00-$19.95 per kit!
Hahaha I'm gonna go out on a limb and say no... (but just to be sure, what's your dads business? Lol)
resolutions...why my own conclusions...resolution...conclusion...well it makes me feel smart
oh same here, screww that. haha i was on the outside of the auditorium chillen wit landon and some preps.
I can't tell if Wendi Nix is hot or not. Very weird.
Responded to FIRE @ 78 Phelan Court, Troy, NY 12180 and helped 5 Residents. Red Cross auto update.
u doin it like that with two twitts that's what I'm talking about follow my company
Are people really successful at renting out their homes when they don't provide pictures?
absolutely!Especially since TMZ reported the story like 4+ hours ago and said that producers were insisting on the save
My baby is moving.. #crewlove no matter what!<3
Getting crazy w/the cheese whiz
Took breaks from family time to do work this weekend, creating a much nicer balance than if I'd done it the other way around.
it's a metaphor Hawthorne goes to repeatedly
join the club...
Is it over yet?!
happy wkend all!
Great move. Song at the end is the best!
ugh I so need to go shopping ! so over due!
in museums. The real question is do you know of anyway to locate someone down to the level of a gallery, not just the building?
So surprised to see snow in my backyard this morning
i'm a woman aka master of #reversepsychology ! Talk to you tomorrow afternoon!
I'm looking to read 'city/urban gardening' blogs! - the boy and I just bought herbs&wildflowers. Any suggestions?(Live in Boston.)
you are welcome!
“: New color for bridesmaids White!” #Milwaukee brides: What's your take? Truth is, it's tradition!
Nice performance at the Latina 15th party!
Keep making us Packer fans proud!
Who trying to go workout with me?im Serious
what did u hear?
Great day of writing with ole and catchin up with some friends. Over 90 degrees in the ville, gonna soak up the sun!
Open the winda its startin to smell like that Ganga
I cant find any shorts....
Headed out to Occupy Our Homes DC.
hey i have been reading your fan fiction when is part 6 and 30 gonna be up your a great writer xx
I've spackled! Let the painting begin!!! New color = new energy!
so this happens in nyc?
I'm hanging out with tonight!! Getting my dance on!!!
Glad the Vice President came to visit Columbus today - NOT glad that it took me 2 hrs to get home due to road closures to get him thru city
lol very true
cool beans. Loljk why?
16 & 17 y/o's can be poll workers, too. Must have a 3.0 GPA & permission from parent AND school. Email for the 411.
cc: RT : first thing I did as a 30 yr old was wake up at 7am hung over and trained 2hrs of jujitsu! Fuck you Time!
Amazing! We all knew she would beat it but it took a warrior princess 2 ensure it happened. Love you guys & Rita
Congratulations to the New York Fury and on their WPSL Elite victories today!
hit shit up,
“: Aw that's so cute, you wrote in French =D <U+2665> Happy belated birthday to your father :)))” thank you!!
everything is not a shock tweet. just bc you like something, doesn't mean that everyone else is going to like it.
hm this would be great but...what about the DAMN SEAGULLS! hahaha Hi Sis- miss u n luv u-talked to Karl in Dec. sounds good
dying of curiosity to know what you ended up doing? That is one crappy situation.
's debut album was the very first CD I ever bought back in the day. Baby was my jam!
Auto racing: Late charge lifts Greg Pursley to victory for a Utah Grand Prix three-peat
she's a web developer that gave a talk tonight.
Several people can make me smile...but nobody's been able to do it like you have <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
About to watch 35 & ticking with my mom.
take care I had the flu shot Monday and slept the last two days
I am ready to come back any day. They try selling the boiled peanuts up here but it just isn't the same.
We say this a lot, but I don't see how there could ever be another act as uniquely cool as the Beastie Boys. RIP and ya don't stop, MCA.
Thanks. Enjoyed it as well
hell yes dude.
Not following someone that hates me
glad you had fun!
Jack Bauer is back on the new Fox show, Touch. Seems really interesting...my kind of show.
Quick way to clean out your car: blow it out with a leaf blower. #Free #Idea 41912
I'll be amazed if I don't go for a third cup by the end of the day cc:
Party in hollywood tonight free booze shooting a music video who's down?! Message me for details
FHS Powercats and their Alliance teammates, NDHS Honey Badgers, fell in Round Two of the Semi-Finals, 75-53. There will be a Round Three.
Back atcha! My fave session was probably buzzworthy topics. I also loved author and keynote. You?
RiRi is just a bit too much...this is getting old.
< The people in my class. Majority of them are stupid, immature, and hideous. -.-
When I start tripping over every small thing, that’s how you know I’m attached
*My Kitty stay wet plus she sweet like suger and smells like roses ;).
Take a microscope to your processes to find macroscopic potential
I recently tried your coffee because of your sample giveaway and it's delicious! I will be buying it! :D
allergic to the bullshit
skim milk in that latte? check it out at www.susanefine.com
Keep your head held high. That's all I keep telling myself over and over right now.
Who will have a better career Mark Ingram or Ryan Williams?
Double success surprises area racquetball player
I pictured Katniss as more Ellen Page, though Jennifer Lawrence played the part quite well.
How the hell do u know whats going on out here in the streets? Since youve been in congress how much pussy have you brought?
Just came from my high school reunion. If I could talk to my high school self I'd tell me to calm down. That is just not a big deal.
We had a great time with the Blackford County Republican Party tonight. We enjoyed hearing Rep. Stutzman speak.
I'll be on KUSI Ch 9 "Good Morning San Diego" at about 7:20am this morning to talk about efforts to help small businesses in San Diego.
Sorry if you already covered this, but can you say a little about what you mean by "archaic pop"? Diff. from #BAM or a part of it?
new twitter name ---> Alex VanWaggon #;)
Clinton in Beijing: "we believe that all governments do have to answer to citizens’ aspirations for dignity and the rule of law."
Awesome! It's expensive to live in this city.
humble is important. It is so sad. he is shell of who he was. it is important to stay on the ground and human in the heart
The mom from That 70's Show *and* the current Secretary of Energy. Not bad!
What purrs along the road and leaves holes in the lawn? A Moles Royce.
he said we might head over to ben wilds house, and he'd hit me up.
I will be working...I am always working! Lol
#PARKAtlanta gives more tickets than the PD. Sad, really sad.
Reading is Fundamental; Writting is optional!
The fact that follows mee makes mee so happy
If u talking bout the Highlands in Hollywood and you didn't hit me up, Ima be Hot! Haha! Man didnt kno Nipsey was performin!
looking forward to seeing you both in April!!
Food trucks have worked. Next -- mobile barber? Need Beatnik Barber downtown.
Its coming Pam!
May 14. #nycmer2012 so excited, I seriously love museum shoptalk
Dear student-please accept that! : Dear student: Is that really your grade? Why, yes. Yes it is.
I feel bad for Texans. They were hoping to get rid off that governor down there but he is back.
lol well, its midnight/ball is over for this cinderella clucker. lol lets talk tomm.
Quill: The Life of a Guide Dog opens May 18th, 2012 (limited) The documentary-like story of a yellow Labrador Retriever guide dog for the
omg, yus. You're gonna be one of my bridesmaids.
ridiculous. "open research" is so much less discussed and defined. Will get this sorted...
- I'm sending my wife and son!! - Hope you enjoy the show
thanks for following, Elyse! Hope you're doing well! :)
Peyton Hills is a monster
Unerve the nerve, youre nervous, nervous that I'm right.
#greys didn't Meredith flunk a major end of season exam once?
#NHL regular season is a joke cause home ice advantage is useless, so what is the incentive? Current playoff system provides no rewards.
Picnic in the park!
if anyone catches me singing in my car, my immediate reaction is to stare at them until it is equally awkward for both of us.
"Just win, baby!" -Al Davis.
2012 Texas Longhorn Football Team Entering Stadium | Team USA ...
Tomorrow's project, shoot only with the Holga HL-C (except for the one commercial shoot).
I saw that 'Emily Osment is awesome' was worldwide trending a few hours ago and i think that our TV Show is doing a nice job!
The building of human happiness friendship builds the wall, and forms a dome of love.
boy i feel so weak, the drugs i did lastnight, i will never n life do again!... Troooooooooof
Get a free report of real estate market conditions at www.atlanta-home-sales.net
I'm having fun <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>....by myself hahaha
Ginger, devastating effect
Overwhelming evidence of witness tampering fraud and other crime at Countrywide says #Ridenhour whistleblower Eileen Foster
I am going to buy an 80's song on iTunes at 3:30 PM and listen to it on repeat until 4:30 PM. What should it be?
says only 16 days 'til the Lobster Shanty opens for the season in Salem! Can't wait!
whose your college football team?
Can it be wednesday yet, i want to go to san francisco already :(
My man!
Sabrina & I will be set for life if they come out with the glow-n-the-dark lotion that is flavored.God! We would have sex every minute then
who do u want to win the super bowl??(:
#rochmn Retired Saint Paul Chamber Orchestra harpsichordist Layton James plays with the RSO tomorrow concert 2 performances!
.!++~! G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
if you want tix for the show, let's meet up tomorrow
Almost done with work for the week. 2 hours to go.
Ambition is putting a ladder against the sky.
Wzup everybody? Been off twitter but on my $$ ...I probably missed a bunch of good stuff.
We're getting excited for Fashion Week ... bringing out the spring style in celebration!
#aims CREW workshop at SAA 2011 sponsored by the AIMS gang is spectacular. Three hours in, everybody is wide awake.
Man spin class done kicked my ass!!! So tired and sore, I need a big time massage hint hint lol
Obama reveales his true self time and time again: anti-marriage, pro-abortion, anti-religious freedom, big government power mad politician.
what's the turnover for the CD's. how long? thanks
US House of Reps. shamefully passes #CISPA draconian anti #freedom bill to spy on Americans #Obama must VETO!
The Lydia Loveless show at Knuckleheads tomorrow (Wednesday) is CANCELLED. Hackensaw Boys still playing.
Fall registration will shut down from 6/1-8/1 for New Student Orientation.
Happy cinco de mayo followers!!!!!!!!
Doing some gardening this weekend? I sure am! What were the gardens called that close to 20 million Americans planted during World War II...
She wore an ittsy bitsy teenie weenie yellow polka dot bikini that she wore for the first time today. Lol
sophie and rosie are to adorable!!
I love people whether they appreciate it or not #Love is just natural warmth and #radiance. #Angels are the same way, the just love because.
CONT. The Pyramid w the eye has connections w #Satanic #ILLUMINATI and #Celebs. #THIS IS TRUE
I think God and Mother Nature are smiling down on all the Wisconsin Moms today. Beautiful weather out there today!
Lol! Yogurt it is! :D
Great reference for #tarot novice and enthusiast thank YOU
Friday needs to hurry up!! Can't we just skip thursday??
We had a fantastic evening! And got some fun photos from the photo booth. Thx!
They should only know what the ROCKER guys do. Now you want a corrupt bunch...
and fox news! Lol
spiderman 2 stole the plotline from superman ii... but it wasn't nearly as dramatic when spidey gave up his powers...
'Thank U. Look 4ward 2 having u back!" Ward's HOP did not disappoint. Good food & attentive service. Will return.
Right now is anger. Denial just got off the phone.
Has anyone ever made an album of bitchy response songs to crappy popular love songs? Because I would listen to the shit out of that.
Nice. Get it sis
we both chose the Princeton Record Exchange in that Paste article. TWINS!
Or 5 mins for every tweet RT or computer RT : I need phone powered by stationary bike!
Just read the news...my condolences, Rolf.
FF Philly greats
Had to make a quick appearance on twitter. I'm really trying to get better lol
never been there :p ahaha
happy birthday beautiful xx
Few free fruit flies fly from flames.
RT : Systems change is a long term process. Funders should play the role of holding the work together.
I thought already made one
Two Central teams in the #NLCS and no East in the #ALCS =
At MarineMax we work together as a team. That's where our strength comes from as a company. With 56 stores we are one team working together!
Just finished cleaning up the trash in my neighborhood....I feel really good about myself now :)
“: Brag time on #fitblog I cut 5 minutes off my 8.0 mile time” Woohoo!!
can't wait to hang out!(:
your going to!
Sub for 4th block :)
Thank you! We think so too:)
I'm following Andrew Breitbart on Twitter. What is the proper etiquette when the person dies? Do you un follow the person?
Late time drinking a cold one and listening to tunes with trav for a while
Lets meet some where so i can kikk you
Prep baseball >
Kerry Wood could be head to the DL.
Change in poet for today, but not to worry. Tera McIntosh plays football for Pittsburgh Passion, which is pretty much amazing and awesome!
Good luck tonight - GO TIMBERS!!
My car has begun to sound exactly like the smoke monster
I want a fucking drink
no you dont and i be quiet as a Mouse :)
Everything happens for a reason guess this wasn't are season
BBQ Beef Sandwiches for FREE LUNCH Today :0'Clock
Well maybe you should rest your eyes for a bit now, since your gonna be up all night! lol!
Can we ask you for some support when we come through Dallas! We return favors!! :)
About to board a plane for Buffalo for a week of recruiting. When in Buffalo what do u eat?
I'll send you a pic of my new bf the one he sent me cause we were fighting and all and he wanted to remind me with a sad face
yea I held out for this one. It's crazy fast
I wanna be on TMZ Live...... WHat is the number to call?
At seaside kickin it but the beach in Amariahs car
I already knew it .. It will never be the same ..
#stm2012 how I publish papers by William Jackson, he uploads papers & schedules a full work day for formatting & uploading
#NextIronChef does anyone else find the door noise to the judges room extremely annoying?
Just landed in Good Ole Rocky Top!! #welcomehome #StaffMeeting2012 = a success!! :)
Soros is the biggest criminal, behind the failures of all EU markets. The rich Hungarian is determine to ruin our country!
University Of Southern California .
& he don't even care.
haha i was goin to give it a try & talk to my self on here i was tempted to do it
you have never tweeted me. But I love you and can't wait to see if your single becomes big here in the USA! I hope :)
RIP Nate Dogg.
- plus im super sad that those kids are graduating now...WHAT?!?! Can anybody say "Im gettin old"?!? Geesh. Miss yall!
Drinking Bacardi Razz and playing Black Ops.
Words are only painted fire; a look is the fire itself. M.Twain / this guy knew what marriage was like
i didnt eat that junk… saw the pic and thought you all would like since you consume such vermin
Today's sucha horrible fucking day ): one of the worst in awhile i'm so stressed.
My pleasure! We had such a blast today! RT Have fun! Thanks for celebrating #WorldWishDay with us!
Do you think Brittany Griner ever gets dressed up and goes out to dinner? I bet she would look weird
What am I gonna do.?
"On the road again" Willie Nelson
glad to see Rip Hamilton rolling tonight.
where you going in that thing girl? Picking me up? ;)
Congrats on 3M followers! Maybe you should do a twitcam about it? LOL. (: xx
omg those look so yummy and cute : )
Spread the word folks! Groupon is featuring a great deal for us til Wednesday! Spread the z's
So kind! Hope you have a great 2012
We're excited to already begin working with truly local businesses!
Beyonce is beautiful but #1? Can we say media saturation? or would have been my pick :)
thanks 4 the follow and 4 everything you guys do for ICONiacz! We wouldn't survive without you and ! LOL
The first three people to respond get free tickets!
#Freshmanyeartaughtme I get along with sophomores & juniors more than I do with freshmans.
It's a big change (especially weather-wise, it's 90 today), but exciting (#Masters) and I'll still be tweeting plenty about Wisconsin sports
I saw you
USA vs. Jamaica Sunday 12:30pm on Fox Soccer Channel- Gold Cup Quarterfinals
Damn sorry to hear that... Yeah luckily it charged our card so we just called and they sent our confirmation.
RT I play with my boobs while driving. I live dangerously. >that's something new lol
Where's the pic?
- Sure thing, no problem! I also started following you on Soundcloud...I'm danielson06 on there.
ya that might be something scary
#FF let's get him to 50K followers for his birthday
Watching Frozen Planet on Discovery
Getting ready to take the stage at Grim's Roadhouse...!
norton anthologies are good. What do you mean by comprehensive?
Big Playa hug headed your way!! :-)
thats what Im TALKING ABOUT ! xD...ohh and Please ;D
thanks for the warning. RT
now don't get crazy!
Thanks!! You too are one of my favorite twitter peeps.
I'll try to remember! I have to find you on the cruise! Are you going to be in Miami the night before?
I agree that is crazy smart!
Oh...who...lives in a pineapple under the sea...
gotta get me some :-)
come to California and I'll treat you to Burrito awesomeness
Happy to have President Obama in Ohio. Glad my kids will see him.
What a great staff at the Mill Top Banquet and Conference Center! Thanks for helping us out today :)
Disney, ‘Avengers’ $hoot for boffo box-office take
Sucks for Kyle Orton. Finally gets into a game a bam....broken finger. Buh-bye.
RT : And I don’t really give a fuck, and my excuse is that I’m young And I’m only getting older so somebody shoulda told ya
My dad IS the dad from wizards of waverley place.
that's okay, I'll visit iA! Glad you're enjoying my livetweets. Trying to stay occupied lol
I'm on the bacon and cheese diet, I'll let you know how that works out for me... assuming I survive the heart attack.
I WANT A #NATIONALCHAMPIONSHIP RING!
If you could chose one Disney vacation, which would it be...Disney World, Disneyland, Disney Cruise or Adventures by Disney?
we can link up this weekend!
is the online magazine created by Jane Pratt of Sassy/Jane magazine fame.
I'm done with Samsung phones and Android. Bought an iPhone today. Wish I could say I'm going to miss Sammy and Android, but I can't.
Is that hair on one of your dresses... Wowza
Awesome I can buy you a drink when we hit a game together. I know we will get carded cuz we look way too young. Lol
well I'm naked under them
HA! this bitch
I love : Digital Archiving and Preservation
I am going through ATL too. Maybe we are on the same flight
Awesome performance tonight.
Spring Carnival tonight with Sara and Britany... It's gonna be so much fun!!! :D
haha on my other account I'm my name Misti an beside it I'm Park Min-Hyo in hangul an I def don't look Korean
From now on, whenever I think of Christophe Esposito, I will think of Red Bull
Hey I just wanted to say that you're an inspiration and I love you!<21
Running till I black out
good to be back.
No Matter Where You Go, You Are Who You Are!
Its almost that time for 2012 to arrive...it was a great 2011 for me and 2012 will be even a greater...
I think that Jews and Arabs can live together. It is not an easy thing but I believe we could reach an agreement.
Finally won't have to deal with the shit talking from Capitals fans now.
thanks for the follow. Beautiful tableware.
haha, your to much to handle . Your the best! #JerseyShore still starr struck from meeting I as
When I woke up this morning I did so with a renewed sense of purpose. I determined within myself that no matter what I will succeed!
o wow I'm really scared
how would you feel about donating one of those books to a fundraiser in July? for Sugar Cereal Productions!
My bed is calling my name
aw thanks<333
Just picture that first glass of wine tonight. It's close.
Being rude is not my thing. That last tweet was out of rage.
RT : Spoke with cop friend yesterday who loves #OccupyWallSt. "Overtime guarding harmless kids is paying my mortgage."
#SpiritLance is a book about a young #NativeAmerican boy finding himself trying to protect the #Galaxy.and so are his friends.
whats happening tonight ?!
It may not always be profitable at first for businesses to be online, but it is certainly going to be unprofitable not to be online. Esther
way to beat Pats is getting pressure with 4 man line and re-routing small receivers, no one has or can do that yet this season.
yeah that's pretty easy to do..
tommorow going training ?
I've seen The Avengers three times this weekend. I may have one more viewing in me before I'll be ready to let it go till BluRay.
I love that we're so early we can check out the before the It's gorgeous out!
Beautiful day in Portland. Love this city!
Lies “ Ya bed time! RT SVU TIME!!!”
Last dinner before hubby gets back from his trip, everything he hates, kedgeree and chard!
The best strategies are blended. . But it's important by designing sites responsive to all platforms: mobile, tablet desktop.
thanks, I hope you have a great week.
Ah, so every time you get on Twitter, you automatically type "Ninjew"?
Cyprus? Nice!
-insert inspiring Michael Jordan quote-
I just had a wtf moment when I accidentally hit "follow" on someone I def don't want to follow...
My daddy salty af downstairs lmfao
« She said no one is perfect. So now to me shes no one:)» Cute :D
followed. Follow back?
did i get that right? is farmville, like, the most-played popular game ever.. on FB or everywhere?
SNAP, CRACKLE, POP!!! Gearing up for "Patriotism in the Park". Hope to see you there on July 4th @ McIntire Park in C'Ville.
True friends stab you in the front.
LoL, Ah No
New trending word: #Grexit. (The time when Greece is leaving or thrown out of the Eurozone). What's next? #Spanxit?
Twitter is really only fun after dark when all the wannabe celebs have had too much to drink.
So glad I'm off tomorrow.. much needed..
I sense a margarita in my near future.
Grappling tournament
cool!! I'll be leading worship!
fun! Ill meet ya for a pop. Going out for a friends birthday. What r Jr plans tonight?
Rice doesn’t produce as much gas as other carbs. Good news if you have plans with friends.
I need to leave the room!
Epitome of frustration: watching my father try to register his Starbucks card. He's been trying to do this for three days. Not even kidding.
It was good to see you a couple wks ago.. everyone follow this great pastor!!!
Me; "I think Justin Bieber is single now" Paige "no, wait i can date him now. HELL YES". The kids i babysit tho >>>>
Great time at fundraiser for in DC. Good cause, and I won fee tix to !
Seniors its about that time to start preparing for Graduation! Still looking for a DJ? To Book DJ On1 for your party email
tweeting you in the middle of class! I feel like such a rebel :) but it's worth it I love reading your tweets!
Take that Crosby, you lipstick-wearing pile of shit.
Students think of core curriculum as "the shots they get before going into the foreign country," where they get bachelor's
oh no. . .666 followers, kind of ominous. . .
Writing screenplay "Go The Distance" inspired by my life story as a homeless child becoming a doctor. Indianapolis Star News by Tim Swarens.
very exciting!
Occupy Wall Street planning 2 protest collection at #nyfw. Srsly? We don't even know if it's terrible yet!
": Lots of anecdotes in #Madison suggest #Barrett heading for sweep. Will #KathleenFalk lose her own county, as she did in 06?
Yeah is jumping up and down about winning that book
do you work tomorrow? Does it work tomorrow?
Uh, I'm here too - with Cassie in the balcony!
I don't think you'll fit in mine, but maybe you could pass as a lap child? can you bjorn nora onboard?
Headed to the #PhilaFlowerShow tonight! At least I can pretend it's Spring outside while I'm inside for a couple hours
Okay I got it: 200th follower gets a drunk-dial where each of us do our rendition of Ice-T's monologue from "Mama's Gotta Die Tonight."
Tired as shit just got in from illumny practice. Bout to hit the shower and fuck up these tacos! !!!
And why are kids at the mall on a Monday afternoon at 2 PM?
So close yet so far away
breaking dishes!!!
What in the fuck. What the actual fuck. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
One of our #MomInspired party people is about to win a Gift Bag! Are you ready?
feel better! My husband is going through the same thing right now.
Wentworth as chancellor of Texas A&M? Let's hope not.
: almost did when i seen the bride..shes beautiful n glowing
I WANT I WANT I WANT BUT THATS CRAZY, I WANT I WANT I WANT BUT THATS NOT ME! I WANT I WANT I WANT TO BE LOVED BY YOU......
All these celebrities in the H tonight tho <U+E420>
Those late night conversations with that person.. >>>>>
This rave on Friday tho>>>>>
Happy six months, lima bean! :) Give him a kiss from Auntie Sam.
A rock anthem revival offers hopeful note - Pittsburgh Post-Gazette via Springsteen covers The Band. Best heard in person Tony
ah okay if you dont have grades what do you have? years?
My cat is preventing me from sleeping, she's sleeping on my pillow and I don't have the heart to move her.
Where do babies come from? Do they come out of your butt?
Crisis plan is critical IMO : #pharmaforum learn from asco exp plan what u want 2 say officially, who monitors & have crisis plan
we'll be near the finish line!
Is he sick? Hope it's nothing serious.
lol k :D
chocolate chip cookies <3
Miami never had a big three it was always Two and a Half Men to me..no excuses how they playing!!
WOW House of Grey is Amazon Best Sellers Rank: #272 Free in Kindle Store #7 in Science Fiction, Fantasy, & Magic #9 in Love & Romance
ahh memories<3 but seriously HSM kicks the spots off cheetah girlsXD
Kayaks & Kites!
3 days left | Donate Now 4 Less Cancer
What are your plans this Friday? Happy Hour on our patio, great way to start your weekend!
Sorry for the late reply, haha. Nothing much. I've just been extremely busy with school. and yourself? Hope all is well. :D
"WE" u one of those bandwagon fans. U in SE Raleigh - u should be saying Bobcats my team! LOL!
#blah #checkedoutearly #boring wish i was cool and didnt text my girlfriend haha(: its alright babe i know your in school!
reports Jerry Angelo is out as the Bears GM
Ted Nugent pleads guilty in illegal AK bear kill
Nice speaking with you, Ian. Let's work!
Hi hope ur having a beautiful day thus far, and that the beauty of it follows u well into the night. #ThinkingOfAFriend Xo
Packing for #AMSSanFran. Excited to see friends and mentors and to give my first paper. Also: slightly terrified to give my first AMS paper.
Uhh, yeah I'm here for the gang bang!
Might I join as well? What is this chat about?
Where are the boos?
Part of the INTERSECTIONS Festival Adventure Theatre in association with The Jazz Academy of Music Present a reading of BUD, NOT BUDDY …
Omg these refs SUCK!
Real learning occurs in the spaces in between formal learning events. Jane Bozarth, Social Media for Trainers,
Vitamix is DEFINITELY better than Blendtec! I'm in love.
Congrats on new job with Villanova! Let's catch up soon & let me know when you're down in Miami especially to escape the cold.
No doubt "education connection"... Or how about those sweat pant jeans?
2-3 ft + thigh to chest high... Clear skies with light offshore wind. Pacific Beach
Excited to start the program today.
What a great way to start your day! Thanks for watching. Stay tuned for more great music videos only on
when I hear medical misinformation spoken in public, it takes all my effort not to speak up like a jackass.
Pernod Ricard's Indian whisky Royal Stag is now the largest selling brand in its portfolio of alcoholic beverages surpassing
thats a god problem boss, but chillin every once in a while is good too.
Phones and email are back! We apologize if you could not reach us yesterday.
Lol Katrina stay tryna make me look like this bad person it's hilarious to me I love it
Super-cool #History of #Science show on now on
dude is shutting down youtube again....damn he's good!
“It doesn’t matter where you are, you are nowhere compared to where you can go.” ~ Bob Proctor
RT I'm wearing my Beavis & Butthead necklace I made when I was 14. I'm so happy right now. I can't stop smiling.<<<----Huh huh huh
sweet! i'll pay you back for that and I'll contact the company and see if they'll let us split it :)
I need glasses :( I'm going blind!
Now its time to get out of the city...this 420 festival is annoying.
Well geez, Dice K. Those sure are funny looking strikeouts. Oh. Right.
Playing guitar is one of the benefits of working from home.
They re-measured skyler's height... 32" he also got his blood drawn and absolutely hated it. Last, got his 12 month shots.
Thanks, mate! Me to... :D
tomorrow is gonna be bomb
right here
you at The Beat?
Yesterday Nikki Nicole one of the girls that i used to play with when i was younger died yesterday in a car accident. R.I.P 12\1\2011
since he's so great he shouldn't be treated differently cause he's young. Rizzo sounded like an ass. Don't baby him.
they are everywhere on eBay
If they can just force a turnover now...
Get your BerryLine while you can! Today is our last day open in 2011. We won't be open again until Jan 6th.
waterfalls are cool.
Mom always wants roses + ice cream RT : What are some of mom's favorite treats? How are you celebrating mom this weekend?
lolz well when ever the english teacher says. Wright about something historic...mine is usually about dragons :3
American Chopper: Senior vs. Junior with Viggle Mon | 6PM | Discovery Get real rewards just for watching TV.
make me some dinner Hun!
What time are you getting to school tomorrow morning? It's Madeline's birthday and I need I leave something on her desk (:
My body definitely needs a rub down. Working out twice today is not going to help it much, but I'll look damn good doing it
we almost bought that last time we were there!!!! Do you collect the vinylmations at all???
What was the name of that scientist survivor game?
ur guys pregame was one the best we ever had! S/O to 09 Blazer Hoopers
I'm glad I met you now do me a favor & stay.
no worries. I just not a big fan of FB.
Is my idol
Thanks for the follow!
I'm interested/I'm not interested.
im tired of ding that shit i'll finish it later
I coulda been a contender
Thanks for the photo from !
Tasting flax seed and I must say it really isn't all that bad.
Happy 64th Birthday Israel!
Smh this dude is scary lol
Distance means so little when someone means so much.
LOLL RT Iggy scoring at will. The whole city of Boston and Red Auerbach can suck my dick.
yup. I really hope she tours again soon... I'm hoping I can maintain my willpower and not cave to $160 tix from scalpers
what chu know by me, what chu what chu know bout me
Seattle Public Schools posting video interviews of superintendent candidates. Learn more about Jose Banda & Steven Enoch....
If you see this you should follow me for the fun of it :)
i found happiness when my love and passion for my hobby got recognized and turned into a job. #creative #highfasion #photography :)
Kind of annoyed that my wonderful wife held some details of tonight's plans. fucking 1st & 6th, pain 2 get 2 & getting close to hipsterland
"The homeless" = "the gays" = "the illegal aliens" America needs a group to demonize and blame.
Long live !!
omg! Your in Miami! So is my bro haha you might see him (:
yes we should of won last year but no at least we tried our best. :)
If me and Kevin worked together at the same place>>>><<. Shit would be fun, but wouldnt get done lol
Good morning, fellow humans. Welcome to another day. Welcome to life.
You know what, I'm not. I should check those out. Suggestions? (btw-sorry for late response)
Oh, and we already miss you and :(
pleasee follow back i love you guys you guys are awesome #RNGeezie till the end please follow :-)
#know12 Traditional approaches now dying: moving away from IT as gatekeeper, the NO people.
btw telephones facilitate interstate you know
The defense is completely absent tonight. Not there AT ALL.
Happy Apocal-Eve!
I love that "slipping and falling" are considered to be acts of God! Hahaha
Not that I'm especially a fan, it just comes on Pandora. And I don't thumbs it down.
ditto, except MO and I am going for a run right now. Gonna be brutaltown.
Money moves (realignment) in college football do have some positives. Nebraska vs Wisconsin a good example.
How so?
Go, Trent Go!
Me! Already have my tickets!
On the phone bored out my mind get off my line
What an effort this is:To go follow someone just to go & unfollow a couple of days later.# of followers will not make you less of a moron!
You can run from mistakes, but not regret. You can play with your drama, but not your karma.
Awee, Thank you(:
Wow you guys are awesome! Keep those likes coming!
oh girl. Proud:)
RT : + When are you going to remind us about how great everything was when Bush left office? You know, when the economy was TAN
Waddup, Menace, I got a Feature Film Business Proposal to Star you in the Leading Role. The Project is in Pre-Prod
And THAT's the best success story ever
I hope you found it! Enjoy! Suzanne
DLGE is all about protecting our building envelopes from hazards, both natural and man made.
It's on ESPN in 2 hrs! And the web, and my iPhone! #TheMasters does online right, in my humble opinion!
i hadn't heard about the cia link to einstein institute. do you have a link for that?
Oh snap! You brought out the "blue steel" again!
RT : On my way to Philly to represent at #Phorum12. Will be in the 3:45pm panel about new enterprise models.
This random little girl ran over to me screaming and then she slapped my butt WTF!!!
Should. I show the invoice. Discount ed at half price? Because it is definitely. Half price. And he needs to know. That
Why is it so dffcult for you to understand my situation mum ? haishh . stress );
bout to hit the stage
lol competition much?
Actually, it's both: social phenomena (e.g. music) both articulate AND influence social values, behaviors
Gym in about an hour, great way to end my work shift.
Incorporate Vitamins A, C, and E on a daily basis; eat citrus fruits, green leafy veggies, tomatoes, spinach, poultry and dairy products.
Today is the one year anniversary of Wines That Rock! One year ago today we were backstage at the Rock 'N Roll Hall of Fame Concerts - MSG!
Well, I'm going to go downstairs and wail on my drum kit for a while. Tired of watching this crapfest they call baseball.
RT Submit your RFP for FREE marketing at this year's Goodstock by Sept 23! More at www.Goodstock24.com
People need to realize that if you can't afford it then don't buy it. If you need to use credit, then that means you can't afford it.
are you excited to come to Florida?! #askZayn #FollowMe :)!
#FF he's a pretty chill ecuadorean :p
shoot over an e-mail to with what you're thinkin!
Dead at Jio giving one of the dancers he thought was good for me my twitter. I'm waiting for the chance to Shade.
Looks like I won't be watching Glee tonight. It's all good. My excuse is good visiting my Auntie in the hospital<3
haha! It's AWFUL!! I don't even think I could have watched it by myself! :P
lol yo assb on the phone all the time
Ah your almost to 134K <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
I'm your biggest fan.
Watched "Cedar Rapids" - highly entertaining! Plus, watching "The Wire" so appreciated the references to it in the movie . A good laugh.
no...just the opportunity to sign him
Don't ya luv when he's called "Mr. Freeze!" Where R Ahnold & Otto when U need them?
Our pleasure, keep up the good work.
I miss you jess come back girl!!!!!!!
"Then what the hell am I?" – A grape after leaning about grapefruit.
GOP believes manipulating tax code 4 benefit of corps is "free market capitalism." Manipulating it 2 provide health insurance is "socialism"
SHOT in the DARK! Photo SHOOTS! You and yours at night! SPECIAL PRICING!
hell no lmaoo
Tomorrow's Friday. Where'd the Week go?
Actually, I'm a dolphin.
any info on the gunshots last night - about 1:45 a.m. on 1300 block of riggs or S Street?
Wow... can you say choke job. #Gators just gave it up late - they looked better than Louisville. Feel bad 4 Good season tho!
I loved it! RT RT : Watching the #BobMarley movie finally! #visitJamaica #Jamaica (@ Bob Marley Museum)
Success is shy - it won't come out while you're watching
I need someone to come by my office and clean the screens on my touch enabled devices once a day.
Really enjoyed Demo - a great product for #education, just like :)
STARTED REHEARSALS ON NEW ALBUM YESTERDAY
dies your brother still have a girlfriend?!:)
Umm yeah you played yourself. Stick with the straws yo
Can't fall asleep :/
I have succombed to the allure of the Iphone.
On a related note: let's hang soon.
: that's cool,we can be neighbors LOL
Ditto RT : Reading 's twitter narraration of frontline *instead* of watching frontline
We kept the Beer Fight title! Big thanks to for a great showing - Huge thanks to all that came & enjoyed some amazing beers!
Autocall asked if I'd vote for Obama (press 1) or Paul (press 2). I chose 2, bc I already said i was a republican man.
Tomorrow morning when the traffic is clear... bummed you're not coming! It will #literally be the best wkend ever!
I'd rather have a hand full of followers or friends than a shit load of fake people pulling my co0at tail ( KEEPIN IT REAL IS THE DEAL" )
Really digging the clean guitars and crisp drum recording on the new Hollows LP. I think I'm officially sick of "lo-fi."
Oh yeah, sitting in and playing music solves everything
to make custom coffee tables??? ha ha ha
I just spent about 8-seconds frantically looking for a ring that was STILL ON MY FINGER. It's been that kind of day. Calgon take me away...
Walking dead :D
An observation from watch-shopping: if the salesperson offers to show me a "timepiece", I already know it's out of my price range.
Good morning everyone!! Back to work after a nice long weekend. Hope everyone has a wonderful day! :-)
What? He's part of that Justice League thing, right? Pop culture!
Fa real doe they got like 4 different 1's and it be people that keep up on all of em
Ehh! Happy birthday !
"Moon snail egg" is a magical combination of words.
Happy Mother's Day 2 all moms out there! Here we're grateful 2 be given the opportunity 2 work side by side w/ u & ur children
Trying craps
LOL. Yes, AWESOME!
cool I will see what I can do for you :)
We are still leasing for Fall 2012! Call 612-703-RENT for details on what is left!
hey how have u been doing??
just got a new Iphone.
Yes the generic package all black is $69.99 but when you change the color they add more money.
FW says no one named Tiffany is mean. My response: "But her name starts with tiff..."
my #3500 goes to ! he's too dang cute with his new hair and we always be roastin people! Can't wait for senior year with ya ;D
Praising a non-existent god only serves to better empower psychopaths in their manipulation of human beings. Don't be a psychopath by proxy.
The Reds traded him bc they had little invested, scared of relapse, and thought they were robbing Tx.
Ahh. Six months til my next lecture on the benefits of flossing!!
Wedding gift, dress and sunglass shopping!
Thanks for all you've done, Joe Solmonese.
Right back at you!
I really liked this book about a girl that died and she was a ghost and it was really good, but the second one bored me.
Youre welcome :D
don't forget to ask ur mom where she got that book from. It was so awesome.
It just sounds more right
Hunting once again for feature-worthy story ideas in the north metro. Any interesting events/people/programs/etc. to highlight? Let me know!
Gucci now :)
the #NRAShow is still rolling & the is still the most popular! Stop by Booth 6825 for a full dress Chicago Style dog
now following the one and only
love...death...love again?
What's the over-under Beyonce and Jay-z's kid will have a platinum album before he hits puberty?
I left TN with a suitcase, and came back with a new song!!!
Will spend much time today cooking safe foods for my DS for a week away from home. #foodallergy How do you travel safe?
so true! “: #lavacon the food has been excellent #TopChef”
Are you using #Pinterest for #Marketing? If so, how is it working for you?
thanks MUCH LOVE:)
are u back home already?
Congrats !! I loved all of the top people on ! Give me a tour!!!
iPads in the Classroom: Apple Takes Aim at the Textbook Market
Lmao ur silly Darrin darling RT : Why u asking all them questions..making statements..assuming..
I feel like I'm asking too much but what is it?
HAPPY VALENTINES DAY! VILLAGE BUDS AND TWITTER BUDS!
hahaha #winning right now. best two days ever (:
Brett Gardner pinch runner, pls? I just want to see him.
hey Harbaugh u got a guy who cheated someone out of rest of their lives
hey what happen to your fb page?
#happy to go to #sleep with a #smile on my face
: okay I'm going to dinner...check ya later gmun!
Oh yeah, it's been #wynetyme for like an hour already...
Thanks! Are you due back soon?
even so, it's a fantastic set.
http:/JazzHeaven.com LAUNCH SPECIAL this weekend only: 10% off with Coupon Code "special" - ends Sunday @ midnight. Enjoy! Pls RT.
Tangled is a strong flick... I'll stand by that statement next to your husband and son! ;-D
Haha and you thought of me. ;D
- ah California!
Education is my cornerstone to success.
#ff First rate humans, & fans of the first division #Mets -
happy birthday! Love the shop, many happy returns!
Thank you!
But literally I can't sleep without music so tonight is going to suck
Everyone go follow shes such a looser.(; JK just go follow her!!
I would but I already follow but I'll rt this ;)
How young is he? I have a kiddo on my caseload who had horrible ear probs...tubes in in July - crazy verbal now!!!
I agree. Thanks, Lyana!
“Love everyone and hang with people who lift you up!”
Set your intention. Notice five positive, beautiful,uplifting things in your life today!
I have seen what a laugh can do. It can transform almost unbearable tears into something bearable, even hopeful. - Bob Hope
At birthday dinner....family of four across the way.....all on their cell phones....not speaking at all.
Shut down Reyes
love me some nudey tights dude! LOLOLOL!
Nascar moved speedweeks back later in Feb this year to get better weather. 54 years of getting the race in on Sun ... Opps
“Until you’re ready to look foolish, you’ll never have the possibility of being great.” ~Cher
<3 this song!!
& thanks for the RT!
Can we get a retweet for Section 218! Go Big Vince!
Glad you were there...didn't see ya. Hard to rock out to recorders though.
Thank you Joe!
yo go to anime conji if you have the time on Saturday, all day gaming room and SfxT and UMVC3 tournaments with prizes!
Awesome. Thanks for the clarification and the marching orders!
Twitter following leveling off at 19 minus the porn I keep blocking. No offense ladies ;) Here's to more compelling posts in 2012.
i will. or obama, he's a close 2nd.
-even counted and then go check what was saying about how the producers choose everything.
Watching "Black Death" from on the Apple TV. Love me some Sean Bean.
anyone that knows me knows from the last tweet that I've now spent the last 2 hours implementing APL in Python :-)
More work before heading for a late lunch = cafe closes in three minutes :(
I'm thinkin' about maybe just possibly getting one of those boyfriend things again. maybe.
I keep forgetting to mail our producer a copy of our cd
<-----I am now following this #poet... leggo
Things aren't changing n I'm getting tired of the old shit
I love that everytime I open my Datakal film-database Tom O'Brian w/ is the first entry I see. Whoever rigged that, thankyou
Get a new tv. hoe
At founding farmers for breakfast. New Orleans style French toast is out of this world!
Can't wait to hear the Remixes from my homies for the Double Single releases in June!
Scandalous Scandalous
I cannot wait for Paradise. Literally.
California tattoo couture? (no frickin' clue)
Next: Elke Teich "Analyzing linguistic variation: From corpus query towards feature discovery”—A linguist perspective
im thee man with the plan in his hand
good morning!
Thank you..I think I just may be..it'll hurt mainly cause hes always here..I've never been alone..but..I,might like it..
I don't know what compelled me to look at the tongue photos. Please tell me the majority of those were photoshopped! Skeevies.
Boo, is that rain I smell?
Gizmodo: Facebook is public now . And that means you're going public too. Facebook has to make you share more. It has to
visit greenshieldcarpetcleaning.com to schedule a green carpet, upholstery or grout cleaning appt.
Yep, & we shld promote still-running June openings—Oedipus, Hero, Gacy Play, Eno at Gift, etc—not tell auds stages are empty.
Not happy with the customer service from #themeforest Seems a technology company could apply better tech to their service
thanks soo much for the shoutout!
feeling good, recovering at a quicker rate then I thought <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Wow those are some powerful words. Thanks for sharing. :)
Tonight's Phillies line-up just announced: batting second...and playing second base...number 26...Chase Utley! Everybody hits!
The cool guitar work of EUGENE K premiering tonite on Rhythm & Jazz Radio! 62 straight weeks as the #1-ranked Cool Jazz station on Live 365!
Good luck if waiting for #77 to Montgomery Park. Fire + ambulance with bus at NE Multnomah and Grand. Heat stroke?
In love with the new glasses coming my way. And so reasonable, too! Webb in crystal matte. How Portlandia am I?
Looking good Chef ! Can't wait to try it!
"RT if this" "RT if that" BLAH BLAH BLAH
That woman on tonight was crazy but I did see the bartender in question shoot soda water into my manhattan once.
Talks of perseverance, quantum physics, extraterrestrial life forms, and then a 1/4 of a sermon by Martyn Lloyd Jones? my brain is fried.
Hey sweetie, what's good wit cha
Anyone out there have suggestions for LA-based wordpress-skills having folk?
Congrats to who won last night's stand-up contest at Brother's Lounge and will in the future be at Hilarities and Improv
douche! i will always have a nyc implant...as well as a miami one. ;)
no home. no bed. nowhere to hang my head
I dont need it but i wanna be cool
RT : City Council is in closed session, it has not started discussion of vacancy of mayor's seat
Sweet....so I thought I was drinking with Cas Haley and yah....I was haha. Check him out at St.Johns tonight 1 am. Amazing!
i do not get it i am sorry, but this is sounds like a lot of sheep neighing one after another for a sad but unimportant event
Thank you. Can you follow me real quick so I can let you know what my issue is w/o tweeting account information? ...
“: 9 degrees sitting outside of iHop, great start to my day. What are y'all doing?”
yes, please put those "bears down"
you forget that is a genius, much like. ... well not me or you.
is willing to be the sponsor of #LFLonMTV2. The LFL has something #NFL will never have HOT CHICKS :) Stay Thirsty my friends :-)
Our film and video production company, NFocus Films, has recently set up a full-time office in Nashville.
How did I miss this kitty video until now? Cutest little furball, so glad you are keeping him.
#SOAR...Sisters - Overcoming - Anointed Restored. Min Bev Cole
Craven zesty pickles
Who the fuck are these random kids in my front yard playing baseball with my basketball hoop??
Hey : you going to stop and see when you are in Seattle?
He's cutting the flat top and getting it surgically placed as an extra thick unibrow.
super duper excited about this.
Is Twellowhood not working? Every time we try to use it we don't see anyone listed. old one always worked; this one not so much :(
Cool that Charleston also can share fragile objects this way.
You guys actually remember all your Life Events? [sips from coffee mug full of NyQuil]
That reason is KC is the greatest franchise man will ever know.
alright n just tweet me but if i leave i go somewheres ill call u
Pretty great at church.. This generation has gone down hill. No one is shamed upon themselves, cause these days people do wrong things.
Taking notes while listening to 's teleseminar with Great stuff.
you never played that thang for me homie... when we gonna link up?
Ah where is this heat coming from? So hot!
Haters don't really hate you, they hate themselves cuz your a reflection of what they wish to be.
No way I could physically/mentally/emotionally handle NHL overtime as a diehard fan of a team involved. BUT: it's awesome as a bystander.
Finding some cool themes for my android phone. Pretty cool!
Game of Century reflects the economy. 9-6 LSU vs. Bama. Overhyped and sloppy play.
Glad that you said that, Michael! I have had to defend mine in each house I've owned. (old houses/original wood/love em)
they were so sick. It was sad.
Lots of studies showing that time in nature is good for you *and* the environment. What are the effects of time spent in virtual nature?
I so need a weapon to kill this flu me bug. But wanted to tweet out to my friends. Follow my daughter in law TY
He got some long hair
I got a job now you know what it is?.... babysitting goldfish :D for 10 bucks an hour hahaha!!! LMFAO! ;)
on Letang flopping like a loser, "It's unmanly, it's dishonest in its most basic element". Agreed, Jack. /cc
sorry willy! I was just dumbfounded by the pic I forgot to tag you. I'll make it up to you
LIE LIE LIE LIE BUT WHEN I AM FOUND YOU WILL FIND THE LIGHT AND IT WILL BE UGLY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Just saw a 54 yard field goal thanks to the wind. Quakers now have 3 points. Defiance has 7.
Do you wash your pants in Windex because I can see myself in them.
10 Rules for Effective Management by Chad Shultz at Ford Harrison. Chad rocks!!! Wish Sarah was here.
I have to say that any more, news about Greg Oden barely rates a "who cares?" Players play. GO is just a guy with bad knees.
I guess the earlier report that #Facebook would be hacked was true. That's pretty scary...
haha. You're right.
same here!! what should our icon and bg be???
Sen. Kerry talking about the strength of the #Northeastern co-op.
Public speaker: Don't waste your money on a new bond measure.
Some weather? Na us in the 5280 are used to it!
BEASTin with and later on today.
Husbands, love your wives, even as Christ also loved the church, and gave himself for it - Ephesians 5:25
My nigga just said he cant wait to get employee of da month so we can park closer lmao shitd ima vote for him
Good to see Madonna still has no clue she's 100.
Artists awarded grants from Prairie Lakes Regional Arts Council
makin graphics for my web site... updates in... some day.
Ideas, like everything, need to breathe. Hold it too close and possibility becomes dogma.
Morning Christina! :) Thanks for the nice tweet! Happy Rainy Monday. Stay dry & Have a great day.
Well well
The price of inaction is far greater than the cost of making a mistake. - Meister Eckhart
aw those are the ones i want! yeah that's the only problem :(
on november 8th 2013 that should be the day i just go and rent somewhere and get out
O.M.G Just won at Scrabble with the word "Santorum!!!!" My friend was like "that's not a word" so I slapped her.
Thank you for the follow!!
thank you :) you're 1000 times more sweetheart,awesome, amazing, caring, loving and rocking person.
We're all broken up, but people forget the real tragedy, there's a coke dealer who just put a down payment on a boat
DC: Brand new day on the way. The doors of city hall will be open! Secrecy, closed doors,decisions by one, will come to an immediate end.
Consolation update: FINAL: Mounds View advances to Class 2A consolation championship with 2-1 victory over Grand Rapids/Greenway
": Law and Order"
"I'm like a junky without an addiction"
lmfao omg those were the days
School tomorrow <<<
this month's big night in is brought to you by robitussin, tylenol pm and epinephrin. flu + netflix
Well I heard it was freaking amazing bro.... And I was there. So yeah, it was awesome.
Email replying "As you'll know..." is thoroughly satisfying
right?! what does give, twitter? i have a friend mad at me right now for supposedly unfollowing him...
Happy Hump Day tweethearts!!
thank you But unfortunately when you've been to a minotaur race, a mere greyhound running to catch a fake rabbit is droll at best
lmao you can do it for me ....
HEY YOU SHOULD CHECK OUT MY WEBSITE AND SUPPORT SOME AWESOME ART WWW.DIABLITAROJA.WEBS.COM
If you're interested in samba, Lapa and Rio de Janeiro. Follow new project "The Heart of Samba."
we aint forgot about. Will have some wrk for you soon
On another note, where did all those Laker fans on my timeline go??
Six year old Taylor's parents talk to 9News about daughter's brain tumor at Cops Fighting Cancer event.
I did notice! You have great taste. :D Andy is my nephew and I'm so proud of him and his band.
that sounds goooœd!!
All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them.
Ugh what a long weekend... Drama drama... Cultural differences between my family and his screwed us over this weekend...
that's the way to get it done. :)
In the first 48…………
These college hipsters are looking more and more like Liz Lemon flashbacks. SMH
that's awesome
biden has that nod down...looks like a bobble head. get that man a chiropractor, he's going to need it tomorrow
haha. Sorry bub! I'm good bro. Hope you the kid and wife are good man!
A2 Individuals in your org - you! - will have to drive innovation in workflow, biz models. Borrow and adapt innovative tech
Speakers Turnt ALL THE WAY UP!!!
Yeah, right? And there's not nearly enough neon in my house, either!
Man ready for my weekend
Modern business is pure chaos, but those who adopt will succeed
Andrew McCutchen is one of my favorite players to watch. Would and have paid to see him play live.
Why are little kids attracted to cleaning supplies? My little sister has toys yet she went out of her way to get cleaning spray.
Up too late. I 'had to' make supper & a pie, do dishes (2x), watch NCIS, bag the trash, email ppl & talk to my DP. Is wkend here yet?
I went to take a picture for instagram outsdie and my dad goes what do u have a boyfriend or something. LOL GOOD ONE BUDDY
I START MY DIET/ WORKOUT MONDAY :)
Lenses for badges? :-)
I miss the old me! The new me isn't all that bad, just need that #Inspiration! Might have found it!
Be cautious when answering the door for strangers. Many burglars pose as salesmen or maintenance workers so you will open the door!
Goin out tonight to to hang with and if u live in CFL come on out!
Royals over Blackhawks? Enjoy. And no bowling?!
who wants a live chat with us ? if we get a big response we will set up a live chat ! :) respond back with
69 followers? We could be into that.... Anyhow, tell your friends about our tunes, and we'll tell people about you how nice you are
Hey twitter. Just wanted to remind you how much I hate everyone. Kthnxbye!
Sierra! Love you Gurll! <3 Please DM me back! Love you xoxo I DMed YOU.
": I should go swimming" (go swimming then) #sixflagsoverhere :-P
Cool, I will :)
TONIGHT LADIES FREE TILL 11 $5ADMISSION $3 DRINKS TILL 12 HOSTED BY & KITCHEN OPEN 21
Our hearts go out to those affected by Hurricane Irene in North Carolina. As many as 20,000 people have already evacuated.
OMG!!!! YOUR SONG TO YOUR HUBBY BROUGHT ME TO TEARS.....SO BEAUTIFUL CONGRATS ON YOUR SUCCESS!!! YOU DESERVE IT GIRL! XO
Feel like I am leaving camp! Bye Chicago :(
(William Shakespeare) Our doubts are traitors, and make us lose the good we oft might win, by fearing to attempt.
Oh My Glob! I didn't know the Rangers were playing!!
oh i know you are but what am I, oh no you didnt, i smell like flower bomb and i pass my tinest.
- & why not 0_o
“: A man's penis is much bigger than a gorilla's, even though the gorilla's body is 3 times as bulky.” Take that, apes. Respect.
For a nosebleed - Put the nose much lower than the body until the heart stops.
He's so cute!!! Worth the scavenger hunt ;)
if u can supply me with the address, I will try to assist.
Graduation is so close..
": He don't want it but I do "then we need to work on urs
Money make her cum ..
I hate feeling this way...
you better love me! I got nothing but love for you dear!!
I'm a doctor and a lawyer. And both parts of me are disgusted by that.
Life is not about waiting for the storm to pass, it's about learning to dance in the rain.
Major Payne tonight
The adult in the bar tweet b
We are walking may 20th in Atl what are you doing #SUPPORTED by Musik Note #autismawareness wake up
fools love company, apparently; karthik and i are in, too!
And Murdoch still asserts that his employees r responsible, but not himself, even though he fostered a culture of corruption
at this point i cant trust anybody but my selff.
RT : "Happiness depends upon ourselves." -Aristotle
Last year I stole your iPhone but this year I get an iPad :)
been reading #platetopixel since i got it for a graduation present, love, love, love it!
I grew up eastern PA,spent 11 YR in PGH including grad school CMU, my wife grew up in MD, my wife and I both tweet from here
The things everyone on my bus talk about
I would but you can't watch it on the iPhone.
great happy hour schedule coming up...peter pan golf then kenobe! i am excite (say in borat voice)
#Iah_Said Today Is a Beautiful January Day
no your not
What do you call a dinosaur with a extensive vocabulary? A thesaurus.
Good to hear
never put a closer in a tie game!
thank you! You are awesome
To test people's dumbness I just tell them in from assyria...
I can't be the only one waiting for to jump out from behind and yell "YO BROS, YOU GOT PUNK'D!"
awww ill come visit soon. :) and your summer will get better. :) miss you!
allow me to introduce the illustrious
All we gone do is spit that real,so if you fake then don't come round here.
Adapting to change can be a long process...
I GIVE UP</3 Can I Please get A Hello Gorgeous? or I Love You Brianna?(: Please Make my Dream Come True! I Love You So Much :/
Super warm day.
ATSU's 8th annual Lecture on Aging, Dr. Christa Hojlo spoke on "Caring for the Aging"..."Don't slide into the past-YOU are the future".
Was out and listened on radio. Better effort, but same result. : what you think of the game so far?
haha lameO where's my cake!!!! >=|
At Least I Think That's What He Says p:
working on my App page,, I`m a small "for now" iPhone App developer. Very interesting. Good night.
“: That gangsta feeling when you rap your favorite song without messing up.”
A Day Without Music Is Like A Year Without Rain.
Today's tip: To make your workouts more enjoyable and make them pass by quickly, try adding some background music.
LOL! Just seeing this. JWags us an idiot.
Getting the all clear sirens here in the Smoky Hill Area.
LMAO! RT : Oh RT : George Zimmerman got convicted of second degree murder... Who did he kill the first time????
bcuz ppl wan 2 protect themselves from bing hurt #HardToLove its always easy 2 say u dislike someone it doesnt involve fear
Waiting for you is like waiting for rain in this drought. Useless and disappointing.
it was me.
I love the feeling of autumn.
I hate when he send me <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B5><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B5>
oh the poor thing, lets not ruin michael kors for her and keep it that way.
RT : squeeze me on there?? · on it already
QiGong (Pronounced: Chee-Gong) QiGong is a 5,000-year-old technique for pain relief and healing. No needles - No drugs!
I'm a Muslim, not a 'terrorist'. Bitch, you say it one more time, & my hand will terrorize your face. k? k.
GOT IT! RT damn rightt I got it
When I first met Jeremy Dias, the founder of Jer’s Vision, it was 2007 and I was attending a talk by the Dalai Lama at the Ottawa Civic C
Shit just laying I can't sleep ! Always something !
it's surprising how hard it may be for some to change the toilet roll.
It was quite a sight, hahaha you would have been proud <3
Yay phone decides to work again...
Did you know that the average household income of new home buyers in Midtown #Detroit is now nearly $113,788, the highest in the city?
The Rainbow's 40th anniversary tonight was CRAZY! So many people there, and it amazes me to be around so many talented musicians! Awesome!
better know it. Just staying in my lane. Waiting while workin p.
Cannot wait for #S3 of !!!! It's gonna b so good!!!!
BTW, the chapbook contest I'd mentioned earlier is with Ropewalk Press
I've being rejuvinated by my work with AileyCamp this summer. What an excellent model for #arts #education! I'm inspired every day!
Yikes. Thats a bad sign. RT : Dave, I had free tix and gave them back. Not into this team one bit.
As I wake up this Mothers Day morning, I think to myself, I wanna cuppa coffee. This is not at all unusual.
Beautiful weather in #Chicago again today! Anybody else experiencing nice weather? -Adam
Early February special - all #SF>LA T's half price. Just $10 a pop. Get em while they're hot! www.WeBeGreater.com
I am officially creeped out from PLL
I didn't get to ask. She came home and went to bed
BOOM ROASTED. You got told Hill
How good would it be if said Happy Birthday to me on march 22 even more amazing if he phoned me #NeverSayNever;) haha<U+2665>..
on the side where it says unique<3 unique well unique is my real name i use nique for a nickname
Its so weird seeing my colleague tweet about the #superbowl. Its like Jennifer Lopez actually being a good singer.
haha anytime! Came out better than mine lolz
awww love you too little sister :P and um maybe you missed me? lol
19th Street Band is live, the beer is flowing,the first face is clean-shaven! Thanks to for the Sweeney Todd barber!
Looks like Big Bros Big Sis of NY honored Darrelle Revis last night...& he spent most of it complaining abt only receiving $47.5M last 5yrs
Quote of the day: "Be amazing- It is up to you to illuminate the world"- Phillippe Venier
Forgot my flip flops. Forgot my sunglasses. Forgot my shorts. -__-
Now listening to Peter Carlisle from Octagon talking about Branded Relationships (and causes)
Thanks for the years Peyton!
No. That is a bush. Move along now.
As my husband thoughtfully reminded me this morning, sick days are good for something: cuddling up on a couch and watching lots of movies.
Baylor playing in their swimsuits and SDSU Jackrabbits in their wholesome high school unis. What a contrast at
I am so going to as many games at Staples to watch my Canucks beat the Kings! First round baby!!!
We're asking people to describe #austin in 1 word. Tough. If I had to do it for DC, I'd say home. Maybe I should think harder
In Malaysia!!! Eating some Inidan food
Ice Cream Man^o^
about my grandad
you're a trooper! i was dragging myself out of bed at 10, wishing it weren't so.
read act like a lady think like a men
I know. D: Like, why would you? jwdnmejf
It's Thursday of Farm Show week and that means one thing... BIKINI BOWLING! The balls starting rolling at 10pm!
You're killin it every week on House of Lies.When can we see you as Miles Davis?
lol. It's mahone chat crew I know, but what is it really?
Wish I would have said something when she was in my class
Suck it, bandwagon #Rays fans.
Quick interlude of Twitter-style impotent rage: GET YOUR SHIT TOGETHER, CLIPPER CARD.
Steak tacos for dinner and hopefully me for desert ;) #lovefaces <3
What's stopping you now?
Actually, Monagle used to be WRC (Women's Residence Center). So...
I must be Twitter bipolar. Either I tweet 4+ times/day or not for 4 whole days.
I cant log in to interact -_-
fasho. get at me when you're out here. good luck bruh.
I Think Niggas Pick On Me & Shit B/c I'm Small
Just chilling at home listening to instrumetal Deathmole. A good night is being had.
The Zona better show one hell of a time if he spending 4/20 with us!
Good pickup for coach Rob Jeter and the Milwaukee Panthers in Indiana State transfer Steve McWhorter, a former St. Catherine's standout.
"If you want to go fast, work alone. If you want to go far, work together." #success #entrepreneurship (RT if you agree)
Thanks so much. By the way great to hear from you! Wishing you the best this holiday season
I'm happily single. - Paula Abdul
RT : #ff indie pub. who make world a better place
Let's change that!
At the post office mailing off yet another batch of shirts... Ahh yeah :)
is there a way to download the whole album you have posted or do I have to go through 1 by 1?
A laughing matter - Khaleej Times
Champions aren't made in the gyms. Champions are made from something they have deep inside them - a desire, a dream, a vision.~ Muhammad Ali
Letters to the editor for May 6, 2012
Jump on Safari Online and pull up one of their "Learn how to use GarageBand" books/videos. They got a bunch of them. LIBRARIAN.
yo I wanna go home!!!!
I'm sure you'll kick ass and take names!
even though it's not #followfriday quite yet
#USF #POLAND get him in the NBA dunk contest. Wow
I wish you'd realize what you're doing...
#np fortunate-maxwell
No panic with the #Pens time to get this game back.
Way to go Tyler! How did it go?
For a good time, call 606-4311. Ask for Candy.
..or start anything. btw, not like it was that bad. I just wasn't emotionally stable enough to deal. Haha, I'm sorry.
Had so much fun at Field Day with Emmy today :)
idk about lunch. i can do breakfast? I'm currently on a fast and diet.
In life we cannot do great things. We can only do small things with great love.
#aintnothingsexyabout having your partner's name tattoed on you. be more creative
Hey baby wont you look my way? I'll be your new addiction ;)
yeah one older sister and Two younger brothers
not only that if you drink it as much as bryant you would get cheese teeth lol
just watch 2gether the movie.. i haven't seen it in years :)
You are so lucky and 3 of them tweeted you ugh so lucky! (:
i swear its crazy the amount of girls i know that are "in a relationship" but act single af
: Check out this Twitter list: /commercial-guitar
I love to smoke marijuannaa
crazy weekend..
Watching Mary Tyler Moore Show
Hope everyone had a great Easter! Follow me on Instagram SmallFryAngie ! RT
ill have some of the yella
Q. What does parsley and pubic hair have in common? A. Push it aside and keep on eating...
always good to see players who want to be at our program! Can't wait to see how he will change the scopes of the depth!
hi kat...thank you! no worries about my email :) take as much time as you need. you've a LOT on your plate such - good stuff!
YOU TOO OMG MINES IS KILLER .
can you ask him if he only collects DC or if he also collects Marvel comic
RT : Behind the scenes at The Daily, Suzzallo Library secrets, HusKEYS a capella group and more - on The Daily's Double Shot at 7P!
See , I'm A Loyal Ass Person . I'm Blunt As Fuck ... & Ima Stay That Way
Guy told me last night he guessed Coop would be a lineman based on my "build". Creative way of calling me fat.
I hope the world never effing ends of it does on December than I will die I don't want to die I'm to young it won't I hope of its does than
How did my singing voice in the shower turn to crap!? Bo
Watching #Oscars with my mom. She is still my perfect Oscar companion. Seeing JLo she says, "That's just disgusting." Love her.
how long are you staying in Texas man??
hah yeah I am. But I'm also a swimmer and I talked to the coach and he's interested in me. (: but idk if I'll get money.
About to head home. Goodbye Nashville!
Co-worker bought mint leaves and strawberries from farm stand downstairs. Told her to get some sprite and I'd make faux-jitos for the team.
aloha! can we get you on tonight talking CFB realignment and the MWC/C-USA/sunbelt/WAC
only if you get a white fluffy cat.
I'm curious too. Kate's right that the canon is not well-defined. We're scattered, which has pros and cons.
You were out of my league, a distance that I didn't want to see. I wanted you nearer.
Thanks Diana!
have fun!!! what movie are u guys seeing?? <3
The buffet at Paris is real good. I know buffets have a reputation, but it was seriously worth it!
=D That's awesome <3
Not a good start to my morning. Overslept and missed a 9am meeting @ work. Smh :=/
We haven't killed anybody all year. True, we ran over a random pedestrian on new years, but it just didn't give us the same satisfaction. :(
#RedBull and vodka! ;) RT I need a energy drink ! Anyone know a good one that actually works ??
yeah I can't keep up with the kids these days
one big room, full of bad bitches
Do you ever get out to Denver for the Great American Beer Festival?
This can't be happening to me.
we are working realllyy hard to make it as amazing as humanly possible =]
Is that the real deal, i.e. what would otherwise go on a train?
holiday lunch and "events" today. First stop Second stop is a place where I will kick some ass.
Q1 How did you discover gluten intolerance in your family?
will do! Interamerican is N of Diversey, S of Foster, E of Western, all way to lake! Pls stop by & vote 3, 5, 7, 9, 10
O.K. everybody in the bay area....turn off your shit till this game is over! No microwaves, no lights, no hot water...nuttin
Good to meet you today! Come back SOON!! Dave
It's meatless Monday, what are you cooking?
Mazah Mediterranean Eatery will be providing affordable and healthy Mediterranean cuisine at the Book Festival this year!...
That pretty much sums it up.
So, I ran a few test and everything seems back up to speed. This has been happening on and off for a few days.
Happy Birthday !!
thank you!
I have to make a PSA w/ a hispanic family in it. I'm using Leilani as the child but I don't think it will be effective if i'm the mom LOL!
yeah, it's time for Brantley to step front and center anyway.
I've been trying to post some the most recent one is my pic on here...
just like to let you know that ( a cow) RT me yesterday. This really excites me? I want a milkshake now :)
Stay classy, Bloomington. Take care of each other.
I love u beyond this planet can carry
Who was giving "the people's eyebrow" in his picture
Well I can say now that I've lost my job for calling someone a jerk, well now word of the day is jerk lol
Omg! It will eat your shoes! But will be to cute to be mad at ;)
This game need to end, I got homework to do lol
Full Open Access #OA: Creative Commons a subtle erosion of Open Access. "Your research, Your rights" (-Springer)
i made this account to support you! please follow me! im a big fan! <3 96
R.I.P. Whitney Houston My Prayers Go Out To Her And Her Family.
Milano Inn's Mother’s Day Buffet will be from 11:30am to 4:00pm. It will be $19.95 per person - We hope to see you and your family there!
I got geeked the fuck out seeing Thanos at the end lol that made the movie
enjoy your #Mondaynighthoopla buddy.
okay :D
good! How's school?
I give up I guess my uncle doesn't care anymore I waited since 4 for him to call but still nothing and it's been literally 3 months
ok! I already left my house!
there is nothing more entertaining on twitter than
JUST FINISHED SHOOTING A SUPER BOWL COMMERCIAL !!!!
Snhu cafe stopped serving breakfast... Nothing Red Arrow can't fix!!!
looking good!
Chelsea: How fortunate we are! It's humbling how much we take for granted. Prof Bies: Every day is a miracle. What do you do with it?
Nice! I think we're under $3 here.
I made a pot of 12 bean soup. Jesus. That's all I got for it.
Okay done bitching for the time being. Nap nap nap nap.
Folks, I believe I may have been scammed by this ad: .org Be careful, fellow Rangers' fans.
Ugh Im So Tired!
I like my money right where I can see it... hanging in my closet - Sarah Jessica Parker
at the door they will be 30
Tyler thought that! Don't accuse me madam.
I never thought I'd say this, but I really miss school right now.
I be at my table stacking dollas to the perfect hype!
Belief is the death of intelligence.
Hi Gail! :) Doin' good. Editing like crazy...6/1 deadline to get unicorn story to an agent who requested! Raining here!
Word?? You mention me with these cats??? Honored bruh. They are inspire me...especially you fam...
me too!
It isnt terrible!Life is full of ups and downs!Your at the down point luv.And yay!I made someone smile!
I see. Feedback is a good thing! :)
THAS A POWER MOVE, I'LL MATCH IT LLS
people are smashing watermelons today.... Why?
Just found out R.E.M. broke up. They were still together?
thank you to the past for creating all of my insecurities. someday I'll fix them.
"Friends dont let friends play Levels"
Forget the celchick,but will a Hawks player guard KG,anyone,that guy should not be beating yall,he is 90 yrs old
I actually miss Dominick. I have no one to reach the tall shelves for me now
GANGSTAS DO WHAT THEY WANT SUCKAS DO WHAT THEY CAN<U+2755><U+2755>
walleye! Just after that pic, it leapt from my hands and I had to chase it around the boat
Mike tks what an awesome video and web site I plan on sharing this : )
Lemon #Chia Seed Donut Holes from look delicious.
RT : Agreed. RT : O'Malley: "We have to grow in more sustainable ways and the key to that is Balt city"
You're welcome!
Some pretty impressive folks
My fav times at St Nick's were when my homegirl would play there. So much fun! And the outdoor space
It's all about... #TeamNuggets....Game 7...Here We Go...
NYC-bound. Been in the same metro area for one day short of 3 weeks...longest since Aug. '11 when I was in DC for one day short of a month.
stop HATING on
#admerica free drink tickets to first 25 people to Joe's Crab Shack. Congrats to student winners.
hey boo:) I love you! and your really cool to talk to:) um yeah Hannah is now pissed at me-_____- WTF. #iloveyou:)
Me in 2012: I’m single! :) Me in 2013: I’m still single! Me in 2014: Still single… Me in 20 years: Look at all these cats , LMAO
I was way too drunk last night.
it's actually from AEP. Feel free to repost your tweet. ;-)
I HAVE to see this!
That was me last friday morning. oy
what's new bro?
I am. Google reader didn't pick it up. It sees the categories' feeds though.
You're welcome!
hope you had a safe trip (and traffic free) trip back from lax!
yep! Not too bad at all, better than ur average bus
AHAHA Total Blackout is so funny
Obviously location-aware.
Thank you! Enjoy!
Take a look at yourself,
don't be sad wed :(
I swear like 20 firetrucks just passed by because I've been sitting at this light for too long.
Stupid ass fouls are killing us
they broke up like a year ago or so its been a while
got waylaid en route to the festival of books by AMAZING ETHIOPIAN FOOD. i feel that this is entirely acceptable.
To all those I play Draw Something with, I apologize in advance. I can't draw. At all. However, I draw badass stick figures
me to tv sucks
The more you know the less you need to say.
#GetAustinToTheTop10 i meant *LOVE
A girl just walked past saying "do you know if jerry is here ?"
NOW!DAMN IT FOLLOW!
just successfully ordered a pizza from Pizza Hut in spanish. boo ya, grandma.
Broke bitches so crusty, disgust me.
Newbury gets in the seasonal spirit with Pumpkin Pie flavor! We also have Apple Cinnamon, Vanilla Cardamom, Oreo Peppermint, and Original.
Thanks! I hope to update it within the next week or so. New characters and new illustrations. Keep in touch!
are you even watching?
please follow me <U+2665>
While preparing my baggage, I acquired another piece of luggage: Stephen Hurlbut of Illinois, an old legal associate.
Have any of you checked out our BandPage tab?
i am obsessed with The Vampire Diaries! i am in love.
-.- haha...lets go next week fersure then.
for reference, see: last tweet.
It's funny how the person that can make you smile the most can also hurt you the most
That awkward moment when you're a white dude wearing a Negro League player's jersey and you meet that player.
Dam nerd tahahahahahhaahhah
once, once, once
Happy birthday to my best friend that i love and miss very much <3
hell Nawe you thought i was Playin? lol me or keith.
Back to bean town! Good luck tonight ! Hope all is well
that was a textbook challenge. So unlucky. Don't listen to
Love the pick. Courtney Upshaw!
“It Always Seems Impossible Until it’s All Done.” – Nelson Mandela
sick of being tired
Vormetric Delivers Near Zero Overhead for Enterprise Encryption
CRAPPIE DRAQULA: Milwaukee's Answer to Tito Jackson (Not That Anyone Asked)
"Shall we go?" "yeah"...Nobody moves.
possibly the most demented thing I've heard in 47 days.
Spreadin' the love...RT : #shoutout to ! Thanks for the retweet - we really appreciate it.
“: you like muscular men?”fuck yeah mm I'm horny
Now that lacrosse is finally over, my body might have time to heal.
Two things I've seen enough on Twitter today: Andrew Luck to be a Colt tweets. Hologram-themed "jokes" in tweets. Neither are necessary.
I know! We will talk about it. Would be fun.
wins the raffle for today! Congrats & thanks to our sponsors
thank you ma'am.
Look forward to your information...am happy to be an addittional source of information on structured settlements...
omg just found out u b @ coachella!!!!! Too bad im not going:(
Ever notice your friends with real problems never complain about them on Twitter or Facebook?
Look up my band on iTunes we're called mercury in summer and if you don't like us you're wierd
probably... So people can find it and connect it to the presentation more easily...
omg... true.. weird
hahahahaha WILL you go the java with me?
The #Congressional Black Caucus, accepts their award at #Freedom Day Awards for their support to #South Africa during the struggle.
betch answer your own god damn cousin
Just got a face sunburn by sitting outside for 15 minutes.
So in love with song
RT If you want me to follow you.
Plans to build new Houses of Worship announced - Baha'i World News Service
haha i figured...but i wouldnt know ive never really been to a public school
When your girlfriend sets an alarm for you and her song choice for it is Last Train Home
Did you know that approximately 78 transplants take place every day in the U.S.?
RT Derrick Rose won a state title game 31-29 lmao. Exactly why high school would be better with a shot clock
Getting ready to go drop off tax stuff then have the best french toast in the world at Victory Gardens. Rest of the day writing outside.
I feel better now c:
Have hit the point where my fun bucket is full for the week. Unfortunately, this doesn't line up well with my schedule for today.
Today would be a good day for two things. Boating and/ or golfing. I know I can achieve one of those.
Share how you continually look for contingency options & proactively adapt plans/priorities.
I told my friend I would oovoo with her at 4 after I'm done in the shower. Looks like thats not happening...
Another weekend comes to an end...
See our new pictures of him
I will be! Will you?! tell kDub to come to trivia!
he has the whimsy of a leprechaun and has adopted the gait and posture of Quasimodo
never realized that 1 person commenting on a FB photo posted 4 yrs ago stirs up a hornets nest of new comments.
I can't stand hypocrites or people who talk shit and smile to your face
My niece favorite word is No....I almost slapped her when she told me that..lbs
Has anyone in the history of time ever said, "Do you have Sierra Mist?"
It is hot in Arrowhead Mall...uuuggghhhhh
Three Stooges movie time. This is going to be therapeutic.
Cars not working . . . Time to get out and push ! (x
Installed a new car stereo in my wife's car for her #birthday. I feel like Tim the Tool Man
Do you ever wonder if before Nabisco made Wheat Thins there was such a thing as Wheat Thicks?
Me: "I haven't taken a picture in a while." *takes picture* "Oh that's why..."
oh like when you lived here rent free ??? At least I always paid half of everything
Ah, apologies for the mistake :) "Not us. Our handle. Wrong Plough." Re: Love ? We'll be there May 11th...
Nothing beats rock concerts with tech geeks. I can say it, I am one of them.
Easily my all time least favorite editorial task ever. Mr. on the other hand clearly does not mind it.
I'm with you!
Security guard tells the Seattle Nike store will not reopen today after being damaged yesterday.
Everyday tens, hundreds, and in some cities thousands of people search "salons in x" "nail salon in x" is your salon showing up?
happy new years <3
Q5 doesn't relate to me at all either! you have company!
My cousin said she wants to Eat a small jellyfish (: haha omg!
i wish today would hurry up!
My wife has got a turkey tattooed on her ass. It didn't start that way. It used to be an eagle, but her Ass just ... blossomed.
Keep going...it'll payoff in the future!
Interesting: Steve Jobs thought tech would destroy education's aux industries (textbook pub) but not alter the fundamentals of good teaching
Jim Nantz is having the best week ever.
awesome. yeah, i'm presenting a paper about instagram we have used his stuff at the upcoming ICWSM
Harvard square
well that's good but I meant like if you needed to talk kinda thing...
From Vince (3:33pm): our award-winning weather continues. Sunny, 75° Monday; Pt Sunny, 80° Tuesday.
I agree! I'm enjoying the ppv myself.
follow me!?<3
omg I know!!! And they complain its so hot. And I'm like do you see what your wearing!!
It's way too early to be up. Heading to El Paso for the day. Back in Abq tonight.
Team me !
definitely had me thinking there doesn't need to be another one. So I thought it was pretty good.
Season opener: 7 days away. This week ibuprofen replaces my multivitamin.
Bam !! Dude remember when we used to play ball in the back yard!! Ha!
whoa s/o to my new follower and his bad taste in nba teams. Miss you kid.
Where are the true juggalos and Juggalettes ???
I've really realized who my REAL friends are this weekend. To the ppl who faked like me & shit: blow me
RT : Good advice if you like history! RT : is the best Twitter feed. You should probably follow it.
we're glad you dig it!
Thanks for the RT! Are you going to be on the auction tonight?
nice... used to fuel a ton of them down in florida
hey beautiful people :))
he wont. hes not that nice. even though he licks my arse clean coz i have a season ticket at middlesbrough
and her family are heavily in my thoughts today. Love you guys
Happy, happy ... We have 19K+ likes. Thank You!!!
great meeting you and hooking up. Let me know when you're finished with your online home study then we can set some dates
omfg...i thought I was the only one...lol
they're sexy and iconic the way I like women to be portrayed ya know ? Classic beauty a not slutty
hey what color r your beats?? Lol jw... =))
Me: *Tweeting a whole essay about my life and stuff* *Nothing* Justin Bieber: hi *1,200 mentions per second* LOL.
also curator Margi is a alum too ;)
Seems he didn't like Mr. Big Fat Orange Tomcat prowling in the back yard!
she damn sure does only that lady hoehoe can do that shit.
Any sense of who's in the race?
RT :Hey its raining,care to jump head first onto home plate?-Hehe I'll put a roofie in his drink 4 U, works every time
Please let me have yet ANOTHER dream where I get it in with someone super good looking :)
If you give a moose a muffin, he'll likely ask you for a blowjob too.
here is the Happy Hour menu!
Hi Michael, how long have you been a lawyer, and what type of law do you practice?
#Saturday Scheduled, filled, planned. What would happen if you took a left turn away from it all? Give it a try see where the day takes you.
follow me pretty please :-)
yes!!! You are the best!
GF tells me is such an honorable man I should ask what he thinks of John Edwards. GF says JEdwards is a bagged douche
Jumping out of a plane on Sunday...wheeeee!!!
Are you feeling productive today? How do you get motivated for work?
Woo hoo! :D RT : "Finally my sister is ready for her photoshoot. ITS ABOUT TIME new post and review coming soon"
Its my bed time
"I did a lot of prancing & frolicking, sometimes in parks, other times in fields..." on “Outlander”
Pat I have a ministry for Abused Children I want to install some of your Music on certain pages for people to listen to
i cannot be beat in fantasy basketball
I am the king of sinful sots!
S/O two ya boy 2 fingaz keep doing ya thing citi team
otayyyy :* text me
<3 companies pulling ads from Rush Limbaugh. Why does he get air time? Can't Sandra Fluke sue him for harassment or defamation?
Thank you!! RT : Happy 25th ! Hope the concert this weekend is beyond memorable. Only wish I could be there.
PO LO All I Roc Is POLO...POLO POLO POLO - Shout Out To Lil Cam - BAM!!!!!
Original, Halloween. Remakes? Chainsaw.
your name is sally?
it's almost four o'clock, and you know what that means...
What's Going On Now show could have used an MCA tip of the hat. Was hoping for a Dap Kings Sabotage.
can u do that thing for me on twitter plez :)
going to caitlins, not in a good mood at all :'(.
Gotta love leaving your phone unattended at the barcamp after party.
----Artist---Sneaks Up Mixtape Submissions are DUE.... Please send them in PRONTO!!!
dude fuck yeah dude dude
whats not to love?
Congrats to on selling half a million tix in advance of opening wkd of their tour! (via ) Well-deserved.
Not a bad call on Rondo - he shouldnt have done that. the obvious walk and 2 jump balls that were all missed were terrible
follow back? please :)
whats up twitter who's up lets talk
Thanks bro! RT : Just watched the draft for my bands music video, mother of god. Its amazing. Thank you
Happy Bday Lil Cuzo!Many, many more!B sure 2 njoy.La u w/my heart.
Blodget: most people want to read the actual journalism that journalists are producing. #SABEW Not emphasized nearly enough.
I don't see why it would hurt to ask. If it's too late, the worst you'll hear is that.
guess i won't have time to catch the liquor store. but that's not a bad thing.
I am now... Lol, I enjoy talking to smart fans. Nothing wrong with some healthy debates
straight chillin right now
Loving this game
via it's escuela for school :D
Just listened to song Laughter, really good tune! Y'all should check her out!
I hate politics. But this year I'm urging everyone on election day to write in "Your Mom" for President.
true. But women can't possibly be expected to keep the same hair color/style for 8 years! ;)
Vancouver ATL Conference goers...shall we declare a hashtag? Atlanta probably already hogs
That awkward moment when you have to ride in a car with someone you've hooked up with before
I'm going to start tweeting a random fact every day.
i miss you.
That restaurant used to exist. It was 'Marvel Mania' at Universal Studios in Hollywood. Burgers, fries, giant fried onions.
Brett out of town = eating all the tofu and mushrooms I WANT!
Birthday Birthday Birthday! My birthday is the 25th but I'm celebrating this Sunday night at the Village Pub in Riverside village... 9ish...
Love should be shared every day.
#FF to my dear friend - James "The Mighty" Quinn McDonagh. He's a good chap ... follow him! Hell of a jab, he's got. :)
thanks, u kno we will!
Bubba thinks im hard cause i walked out of class.
"Whats a Username?" "My browser is a Dell" "Do i Right Click or Left Click?" RT : Bahaha so they are askin all the
Is it rude to wish a diabetic "Sweet Dreams?"
"ambition is priceless, it's somethin in ya veins..... And I put that on my name" <3
Before we do anything else, can we please replace all the DC sidewalks with permeable pavement? My shoes are soaked through.
Just hanging out and talking to a few friends online! (I probably should be getting ready for bed! Lol) :) How about you? :)
Is rehearsing tonight. Are you coming to The Dinner Party this Thursday as we are on the menu! 8pm Atlas Theater Lab 2 1333 H st.
Ditto. RT : hm. no sympathies
“: Just got to the Front row for concert! I'm freaking out so much right now.” Awesome!
This movie is scary!
I remember when my grandma said Robert Patterson in Twilight is good looking and you don't find men like that anymore. SMH!
Thx for joining us! RT : Waiting for "Picking Out Pinot Noir" to begin! Psyched to learn (and drink). ( w/ )
#tlg2012 Join us in liberty room at 2:45 for "You, Innovation and the Alliance."
My "niece" Samantha Trent is here. Can't wait to go so her!
We saw this old man meditating in his car .. Well that's at least what he told us he was doin when we asked him if he was straight
dammit iPhone maybe I wanna type in French -- you're not gonna stop me.
Get your community on board! Have them talk about your programs! Have them help fund through their support!
Sorry for the delay. Does Friday still work for you? What times are best for you?
:-) RT : I LOVE THEO! Hotel Carlton has the BEST STAFF evah! Theo made my stay 1000% even better! Go Theo!
If he doesn't love you at your worst, he doesn't deserve you at your best.
Hello, we are on old Pineville Rd. not far from Dilworth. Just had an event for the men's shelter this week on Dilworth Rd!
All these hoes are stupid as fuck!
I'm too damn sleepy for this...bout to hit the bed with my lady
Red line is almost back to normal! Headed to VA for some ferris buler.
I don't know yet. I have a Cardinals game to work that same day. If it didn't pay so much, it'd be a no-brainer.
Life won't change with one vote, but consistent engagement will.
I can show you the world... RT : aladdin! I wanted to be jasmine so bad
Based on psychologic study, a crush only lasts for a maximum of 4 months. If it exceeds, you are already in love
wait… is that what the new fridge is for?
You know he loves you. Why do you act like he doesn't?
Takes 3 weeks for results.
Wait!!! King of Thrones is a tv show???!! I thought that joint was a video game!
K plays piano, then texts sitting at the piano, then plays some more.
um im high so i can't help it
Yuck! Last night's coffee!!
“: Damn when u around real niggas u start to duplicate #realniggashit”.... That's why u been jockin my swagg!!
why does it look like I have sideburns lol
Its cute how mad Chip gets when i "dont respond to his text" lmao <3
RT : I'd like to welcome James Spader to 'The Office.' He's a fascinating chap & a stern disciplinarian!
I luv Up All Night from one directon!! Everyone go buy it best song EVER!!!
My new cuddle buddy ..
ok cool. I'll be looking for it :D
nice jersey!
In-service. I work out of District 7.
Missed today's #SAchat but planning to look back through the archives. Have a great day, everyone!
Site is down for a bit.
If you're going to Gator By The Bay, park at the County Administration Bldg for free, then catch the shuttle. Sheraton parking is $15.
the #marketinggrader link fails
I wonder if we're still going Waikele afterschool?
Happening now: Social Fly rocking on stage, patio is packed & our staff is working hard to make sure everyone is having fun!
omg is the most awsome preson in the world :P
she called me out in the middle of my power point slide bc I used a translator! Obviously I did!
Anyone see my new background <3 Luv ya
"The farmer stares at his two worthless children. Both of them are adopted, and today he is convinced that's the explanation...."
Don't pray for God to put someone in your life. Pray that you'll be ready when they get there.
he had a 4-hr game earlier this week-more rare than a perfect game!
The ten day weather forecast for Indy is kinda freaking me out! I'm cautiously grateful...
there is part of me that would want to see if we could see what Nets want for D-Will n a big n part that wants to keep Wade
67 in and Munich is putting up a fight!
Luckily, that's all that happened.
In Too Late for Tears (1949), Lizabeth Scott's maniacal focus on a bag full of cash keeps her one step ahead of anyone with a conscience.
YouTube sold to Google for $1.65 billion.
haha. i love you austin!
I know longer wish to be associated with the Java Rockstar status I've worked so hard to obtain.
So, This New Guy At My School Is Hell Facebook Famous. He's Cute & Shit, But Everytime I See Him He's With A Different Group Of Girls -.-
yes, yes we can. because i already have.
Brooks Lounge is pretty nice.. and not crowded
hahaha 3 weeks and we can at my apartment
I am torn between being horrified and being impressed.
I need to pee.
The ppl at Kriser's weren't kidding when they said dogs LOVE these lamb lung treats. My dogs start panting when they hear me open the bag.
haha good point!
Setting up Skype visit with teacher inspiring students to read more NF. Can't wait! NF isn't abt reports; it's abt YOUR favorite subjects.
&#39;Glory&#39; Days: Intimate Experiences, But At A Price?
RT : You might feel worthless to one person, but you are priceless to another. Don’t ever forget your value.
Always vote for principle, though you may vote alone. - John Quincy Adams
thanks rebecca! how are things?
yes absolutely!
Hey, I don't see any tattoos. That's encouraging.
better than hbo boxin dude
Uh oh. All this time, I thought "Pancake Time" was 24/7! ;) Have fun! Yum!
omg! Um let's talk tomorrow FOR SURE. Where's Jorge? DC?
Speeches and debates start today in T. Cole auditorium for class queens and officers! Come out and support at 6 pm!
you're hilarious. re: chuck e cheese.
Awesome #meditation just now with Davidji. Follow him!!
USDA confirms mad cow case in central California
where did u guys get your awesome backgrounds??pics u had or is there somewhere to find them??
hopespin is working on gettin her permitt next month yall! so excited.
RT Can't call this one!...who got for the fight bro???
Just bought tickets to see Beirut when they come to Pittsburgh in December. Excited to finally see them live.
Catch my group, Walk East, this Sunday at the Green Mill 2 PM
3.5mi #morningrun; egg white omelette, bowl of fresh fruit; full armor on...
I know.
when is the political meet up you were talking about?
I wish i could grow a beard #whenwillpubertyhit?
u need a new bf lol
Don't do it. It's nasty. Best description Koolaid flavored deep fried sponge cake.
Next 3 people to reply to this get a free 5x7 autographed pic and short note! :) sent out tomorrow.
please please please #fajitas&ritas
3 days before we leave for Europe and we still have 4 shoots and 2 wedding consultations to go!
Just got that phone call...Its Official Rico Love fr. Travis Porter. Its about to get real.
- In 1986 in Muscle Shoals, Alabam, you did, indeed, leave the stove on.
exactly! Back for more next week.
Indianapolis Colts 2012 NFL Draft Report Card: Fan&#39;s Take
Well duh, everyone knows that Brennan Neal.
Ok, I'm thinking that you traveled with Doc Brown ala Back to the Future and came back with a Sports Almanac book.
I speak about body language and its relation to customer service. I am not local to Vancouver, but willing to travel! :-)
RT : Congrats to Lisa Sedlar, CEO, , orchid award winner large company executive of the year! cc'
My review: meh.
thug life ..
How many teams has Calhoun had that was supposed to win it all but didn't? You act as if he takes unranked players and wins.
Nice talkin to yall yesterday! Anytime you need some info on Buehler just let me know ;o) Yall are awesome and Love yalls show!
If Selena is on, I will watch it.
hmm..not sure how to respond. I wish you the best bro. Really I do. If you knew me you'd know I really mean that...
did you succeed at tying knots in our virtual surgical lab?
Wow I'm amazed ... Shits real ? Idk yet
No A-Rod in the lineup tonight against the Jays. Really, really dude?
And here I thought his exemplary work at Bain was enough to dislike him.
Is ain't even that long of a drive, is it? Damn.......
you can order the parts and DIY repair kit on Amazon for like $15 :)
whats not to love about sand vb good luck this season,
I know. I knew you would see that.
I need a coffee.
Love your post "devil" outlook!
S.S. WEB is home from their tour! Come & celebrate tonight @ BBC, 8pm!!! S.S. WEB! The Blind Staggers! The DUI's! The American Dead! Do it!
okay false alarm, I was able to do it a second time...lost my awesome answer to the last question but at least I got it in! :)
Awesome news coming 4 #Gwapafilm (+ new projects)!! Trying not to pee my pants from excitement... w/
so we are trying too get atleast one celeb dana loves too wish her a happy birthday
Why would #RestorationHardware MAIL me a 654-page catalog? Waste and poor targeting.
AlbuDealHub thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
is anyone else's DM tripping out ?
dont say no no no no no. just say yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah. and we'll go go go go go go.
And *I* still have your gift!
too soon. Lol.
I'm sorry ! 10 hours is apparently my line these days. This is when I've had enough. So it goes. I'm going to go forget.
A "genomic" factory would build according to software-mutated, generative designs, never creating the same object twice
shouldnt limit where u can transfer...they can pull scholly at the end of semesters ...why not be free to go where u want
- sleeveless shirts are in demand for the gun show!!
Hi Sorry I Didnt Reply Yesterday I Had To Go
you don't give Harrellson enough credit for that.
Wow! Congrats! Keep an eye on your inbox. We're going to send you info on the new products!
Fellow Pittsburgh based #startup has a great #energy product! Especially for #women!
agree. Was worried you were adopting Rove spin that "any president" would take same steps.
gonna cost you an arm and a leg, probably...
Yall irra with this "YOLO" ish that don't mean do anything
things get change and get strange with the movement of time. it's happening right now to you.
My prayer 4 myself is Lord wash my heart and purify my mind from the things I have done to myself!
Awh Torn just came on. Their voices we're so perfect right from the start.
Are you interested in joining Pink Banana's Board of Directors? Email !
Good morning tweeps. :)
Way to go, Q. I won't doubt you.....until your next at-bat.
• God bless America •
#GoTribe Upset I didnt stay up and finish that Indians game
you should do this as part of some movie scene ;)
RT : When investing, and in life, you don’t need to know every answer, but you need to know who to call for the answer.
agree. It was absolutely amazing. And titillating! Best show on TV right now.
Jonsey the Cat has got to be on the SEAL team.
I have broken the iPhone-4 !!!!!
Even during a diffult time, my pets make me smile. ~brian RT : <U+2767><U+2764><U+2767> Wherever you are in your day, I hope you're smiling.
Looking for resources/research on #collaboration & how to quantify-people, business, communities, organizations. Thanks.
I really enjoyed your reading last month @ #PoetryPages&Scribes. pleased to Tweet you. Thanx for the add.
So A. To start shooting and filming real estate video, lets discuss the type of budget you would need to acquire your main gear
Never knew the Ernest & Gallo story. Interesting. I need to watch the CNBC Biography channel more.
For sure. But to execute it right is such a rarity....
If only Survivor was more like
Check out this week's Bible, History and Career Czar shows!
W3 Winners will be announced in September. Good luck in the competition!
We're a few steps closer to 1,600 followers! Thank you for following us, it means a lot!
Sm Biz are the heart of America, if higher taxes looms, as they become more successful, the incentive to succeed is diminished.
The Reddit iPhone app has diverted my attention. I'm addicted to memes created by stoned 15 year olds.
That makes two of us, my friend! You're awesomeness has done wonders!! =D We need to get you on film!
If someone tweets something nice about you, save it as a favorite and use on your site as a testimony says
how's ausi?
lol lookin like Cosby at all star Saturday, u borrow that sweater from Nike Tyson?
The entrepreneur always searches for change, responds to it, and exploits it as an opportunity. – Peter F. Drucker
reading "the quality instinct: seeing art through a museum director's eye" by Maxwell L. Anderson
Great weather makes for happy composers. :)
My heart has a complete shut down..
wish we were with you at #NSVFSummit. We will be next year. Thanks for all you do for
FREE information meeting this Saturday in Los Angeles! Come find out if we can support your family if your child has autism!
Jeremiah Leviege beat Nick Rados 31 seconds into the first round by TKO from strikes.
If the buccos win, it would be like asking a twin out, getting rejected, then going out with the sister of the twin #LGB <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0080>
Happy to fill you in. Provided I survive. ;-)
at gdc, where's my bro-hug?!
It was great having u here. U are welcome to join us 2day for a good Firehouse Lunch. Homemade Chicken Gumbo is on the menu.
I just seen this really hot Senior in my school... Wow.
In other words going really fast on my bike haha, hanging out sounds fun..... Kinda..... haha
yeah...for me work's getting in the way. That and my apathy for the 'sport' of golf. Best of luck!:)
Haters are like crickets; they make a lot of noise you can hear but you never see them, then you walk right by them and they're quiet.
Florence and the machine are an addiction
No reason 2 rush & put a time limit on creativity. I like makin music that ppl dont turn off wen they hear it lol
Son, I always assumed you had sex with your bathists...I know I do. -grin-
NONO for Weaver
I possess the power of THOR!!! Lol
I coach jv hs girls and I'm not sure what these D1 kids r doing
Sweet, have fun! And thanks man, I'll probably catch it on tv lol
"All good things must continue" - Bishop Wright
sweet! Look forward to hearing about them!
One of my social media students just started using Twitter. Please say hello to !
So is still the best Cory. By far. An inspiration to all of us.
Today the Assembly will recognize the 50th Anniversary of the CSU System! Asms Block and Lara will present ACR 52 to celebrate!
U gotta blame these shitty program directors for playing this bs on the radios
he seems real amused that you're taking a pic of it..lol
"banana overtime: experiences in europe (a life in music)" - matt, teresa and ben
Happy MLK Day! Remember, we all have dreams, and we all need to follow them. Those who do, get to stay in the history books.
the hs that built a baseball team for Roy Oswalt to play on...is reportedly being consolidated...thx Dad for calling to share the bad news
Come out tonight to our 3 year party at The Mad Frog! Smooth Money Gesture , Pharaoh Loosey, and Evan Ray! 18+. Music starts at 9pm!
Realize deeply that the present moment is all you ever have. Make the Now the primary focus of your life. ~ Eckhart Tolle
I never talked to someone as much as I talk to , that's my baby mama <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Last round
Miss the 9:30 Pulse class? Don't worry...we have another one coming up at 10:30!
Thank you so much! You're so sweet! :]
I like you a lot.Think you're really hot.
I pray I get this job in Boston
did u guys win?! : D
There is no reason #Portland should not have an #NHL team. The perfect market for it.
I meant I forgot wat song was on there
hii will u follow me?
what inspired you to do drag?
Aww thanks Tammy! It was a riot to film! :D
where the hell is all my clothes.
Haha, that's hilarious. Well hopefully the other ISP's took note of this little experiment.
Taxes: done.
you're so cute. I love you.<3
Just got asked to go to the game tomorrow! Sweet
I got it as a gift but haven't read it yet. I hear it's amazing! (and addictive!)
. On you way to the museum? I am very late!
Ricotta pie is my favorite part of Easter :)
Can you even handle that? It's like someone read our minds....
Twitter is so f'ing strange on my computer!
come on down - I could use an Emmylou! ;-)
I hit you...to no answer...
Where did you do your TEFL course?
Don't need your consign. That's a cheap stamp
I need you right now.
At work getting it in, had to do 12 yesterday... Lets go
just spent twenty minutes writing in Italian what I would do if I were Harry Potter. now off to bed finally!
Sitting in Kreayshawn's dressing room, she's drinking milk... Who knew?!?
Cash Rules Everything Around Me #C.R.E.A.M. get your money dolla dolla bills yahhhh!
Peter Thiel. Best Investment Ever? Paid $500k for stock now worth $2.5B
Chelsea Grin has cleans now. Lolwut.
WHY? do you mostly wear long sleeve shirts when you are playing
yes you who els
Just Got Linear / Sending All My love #NowPlaying #FreestyleFriday | Feels Like Pho'/Banh Mi & some Pool & some beer / henny
something's just not right about that. Directioners need to follow! Who doesn't want to follow a lovely cow anyways?
never apologize for being a stalker. It's classy!!
yea yea whatever u know that's ur boo! Lol
Just watched that movie the other day. Back to back. Amazing prints.
I.E. We miss your face. RT : are you finally back on NEO?!?!
you fat fuck
“ can I get the show streaming or thru an app? Hi to Rock from ATL.
Thanks for including us in LeadGen top stories!
I just saw a car hit a park car and #FUCKITUP on the side, then swerve off. I picked up their side mirror and place it on their hood
really hoping to get our own place soon...so stressed
Haha. Close. Steam is an online video gaming platform a company named Valve created. Oversimplification, iTunes for indie games.
Plainfield stride rite. EVERYTHING 60% OFF!
thanks! Where in LA are you at?
Huge opportunities for orgs to build access and influence on LinkedIn says Larry Eason of
In the gentle light as the morning near
Exhausted. Doo started new school today. First REAL day of being FT worker bee AND super-mom. Not feeling so super :) night night @ 8, yo.
Did not score points with my colleague when commenting on his haircut... "Did you lose a bet with your barber?" A bit touchy, he seems.
Thanks for listing us! Pics and vids coming soon.
My competition is ONLY with myself (period).. this way I ensure I'm not comparing myself to someone else:) ~Stacey Chatman~
Slept n 2 long
Doing an air shift on Mix 104-1. I feel like I'm cheating on &
Sending up prayers for Haiti. My husband is from Port-au-Prince, the capital of Haiti.
I need a good post on how to break one SharePoint 2007 site collection / dB into many site collections / dBs. Help please?
my bed gave me stage 4 back cancer
haha cute :).. I only cried during lion king and toy story 3 :'/.. Now those are some sad movies lol
where's the tap dancer with the hook from the Apallo theatre?
I'm not a christian asshole.
Trying a slightly different direction on this script rewrite. Pleased so far, we'll see how it comes together.
Feeling rely bad for my lil sis cuz she's rely sick and shes not sleeping. Feel better sis. I'll be praying for you!
What’s amazing the mind isn’t the mind in-self, is instead consumpt/ion of the wonder-ful. Out here, the best thing about you is: you exists
Oh Yeah! haha Sex 'y'
Thank you for Re-Tweeting!
Am I the only person who doesn't have a favorite color?
The hopper? The hopper. The hopper. THE HOPPER! THE HOPPER! SHUT UP!!! the hopper.( I love that commercial)
Loving this oral history project!!!
Helping websites acquire leads and sales using SEO, social media and blogging. Inventor of the Blog Value Calculator.
Come to this sunday! We will be wrapping gifts & taking donations for the littlest victim of the Seal Beach shootings.
IM HAVING A REALLY BAD NIGHT SO IT WOULD MAKE MY NIGHT AMAZING IF U FOLLOWED ME AND IT BE A WISH COME TRUE PLEASE TONIGHT <333
Receiving Gloves: Pittsburgh Steelers Two-Tone Gloves
Ohh the conversations I have with some people <U+263A>
on my way to the game right now. It's going to be a good one
Tonight @ Nadine Baum Studio: Babyland: A Father’s Survival Guide by Maury Reed (7:30pm) & The Grave Digger’s Art by Todd Taylor (8:30pm)
how will we record our adventures we are having all next week?....D:
Got some cool stuff in the works. Also planing for NYC Mobile Tech Meetup. Check us out!
Just announced, Kevin Costner to Release a special 17th Anniversary edition of "Water World" and dedicate it to Whitney Houston
MAHOMIES GONNA LOVE is trending worldwide . & i remember when you only had 600 followers. Look at you & your #mahomies now <3
I Miss Kaysha
Heading to WVSU at noon today to pass out fliers & invite students to Kingdom Life Fellowship Church
LOVE this organization! "The world is a book and those who do not travel read only one page." -St. Augustine
Yo D.Ross that "Yes I Can" Video is the realest. All yall need to check it out! See what real artist do! "Richmond aint all bad"
but... but... they got Reggie Bush!
what is the latest?
I hate when memories of things I've tried so hard to forget about resurface.
stefon would not be the top of my list
HAPPY ONE YEAR ICONIVERSARY! Send this to all the ICONiacz you don't regret meeting. <U+2665>
17 again = perfection
Upset about Facebook's Saverin renouncing his citizenship to avoid taxes? But O.K. with Romney hiding his money off-shore to avoid taxes?
any ideas for a weekend getaway? I want to go this weekend...
hey - thank you!!
ok, good morning to you too! :)
#loveit! Currently in seattle for business! Anything you want to know call me anytime! Id love to be
MF is a trip F U C K EVERYBODY!
Watching my girl
im ready to go home and i just got here, lol
PS Medieval Worms Expert is on Twitter!
I wish would quit being stubborn <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
oh sounds so cool! Will you posting on 's blog? :-)
bummer good thing I didn't pin anything inappropriate lol
You could just get everybody an Ipad ;P
what a fucking dream girl.
Upcoming Workshops at EKU SBDC: 12/1, Developing a Business Plan; 12/11, International Trade; 1/27, Using ebay to Start or Expand a Business
Getting things finished up on the website. Just have the last page of the site, which happens to be the index page... then on to promotion
Now Watching
can youu come bring me sumn. I got money then youu can take the money youu sposed to get!
We really appreciate you supporting independent music. It benefits everyone!
“: "water off a back's duck"... #smardigardi” #pardigardi ahahahaha
Union Station, thank you for showing your Ficelle Love today! PIERRE heart You!
I chicken out of things :(
The darker shirt on the left is a much better look for you.
Dammit, when it rains it pours ;-)
Librarians/archivists: Know any good resources for how to respectfully remove religious or worship items/texts from collections?
Huge #FoodFightMKE event happening in downtown #Milwaukee this Friday! Interested? DM us for the details!
yea thts y ur knees hurt now
…It has a number on the back of it!
“Let's trade in all our judging for appreciating. Let's lay down our righteousness and just be together.” <U+2015> Ram Dass
Any infragistics folks around? I am in desparate need of some help. WebDropDown not warking the same after upgrade.
Ah I'm so out of shape
don't even get me started :(
Bullshit I love u more": OKAY! you can love me more but i most deff miss you more lol"
#SignsThatYoureLonely your only comfort is your cats and masturbation (not at the same time.)
now he's sleepin like a baby and im wide awake
Len's 'Steam My Sunshine'
Scared money dnt make no money lol so i must be brave
did you guess correctly?!
Magnolia on Congress but Denny's off Oltorf is good if you want to see some freakazoids.
I hate u Cindy
We are proud to announce that Anthony Scaramucci the Founder & Managing Partner of SkyBridge Capital has joined our A&A Business Council.
Thanks Aarti! Hopefully we can get together sometime soon :) Have a great holiday weekend!
Grammmyys i hope in not over dressed.....kinda feel like i look like tinker bell lol
real challenge tomm. Kobe scoring 40+?
ain't no shame!
hi you make nice icons can you make me one
looks like I belong in a Rob Zombie film or going to a Marilyn Manson concert #rockandrolllife... Hope I look professional in my pics lol
Ugh I don't even know what I'm feeling right now. I just wanna cry and scream at the same time <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
Sometimes I think about rebuilding the Jeep into a mini Jawa Sandcrawler, but then I remember I have a bad motivator. Utinni!
Already sore from a noon Crossfit.
They say ill be okay, but I won't ever get over you.
Fantastic run-through last night!
& are closing?! So sad!! I haven't had a chance to see either but I've heard nothing but good things about both.
Happy Holidays to you and your's.
"Fermentation may have been a greater discovery than fire."-David Rains Wallace
#BayArea Tonight Fiesta Nightclub #SlowDown & #Function Party w/ & The Team
Thundercats Marathon on cartoon network! Working hard & hardly working
my first was last November!:) I got serious with training in mid June
Ig everybody want to listen to starlito now smh
DeAngelis coffee is roasted fresh every Wednesday. When was yours?
Happy Friday! Going out tonight? I'm going to be at Asia Spice and then rocking in Georgetown!
HSAAAC IS THIS SATURDAY - MAY 1ST @ FELIX EVENTS CENTER @ 7:30PM (PST) W/ A LIVE WEBCAST ON FOX SPORTS!
oh its been brought!>:D
Georgia Tech plates 3 runs in 5 hits in the 5th to take a 5-0 lead over
Happy Women's History Month!! Let's make our own legacies stronger in 2012... beginning with these great WITI Network events:...
its sad tough.. But o well....
Don't sell yourself short; dare to #dream...you won't know unless you try.
Not sure on Ortio. #waitandsee. #soft?
We are having a great day! Hope you are too!
Try an Pandora station and I dare you to sit still at work.
i can smell an #attentionwhore from a mile away
Right on! ": Real men never stop trying to show a girl how much she means to him, even after he's got her.... WORD"
Beer bread and Irish Soda Bread will be available until Sunday! Get yours in time for St. Patrick's Day!
yaaaaaaaayeaaaaaaaayeaaaaaa! always! - stevie wonder :)
Tony is not a good hitter plus, he was facing a LHP. The bunt wasn't a bad idea just poorly executed.
About to stop following
Watching White Chicks haha
Ok now I'm really heading to bed. Love you all.
I live in the web, but in my role at school I use all kinds of other software. Could I or my colleagues live out of a Chromebook?
Lk 7:47 applies to our relationships as well. The more lavish our grace to others the greater chance their loyalty to us!
Looks like #NYR and #Sens going to play a long series
follow me...
Join me Saturday for Hot Yala Nights hosted by It's a great girls night out and will raise money for
Having a killer time at the #CSUGala. Just chatted with SO excited for
Booked another #print #shoot!! :):)
#CantSpellAGHASTWithoutAGA RT Aga .. my back hurts a bit. I'm gonna go play Brussels. ...logic?
What #filmmaker, dead or alive, would you most like to see give a ?
Thanks for the #WW mention!
OOOooohhh hey ;P
i apologize to the New York Jets for not liking you on Facebook a long time ago.
About to see the Dictator
definitive metadata standards for DPLA have NOT been decided on.
yea happens at UVA games too, figured that was it. Weird thing is im pretty sure it was fine at a steelers game
he'll no
this sucks. I get a new phone and I can't even text anyone
Are you always speaking what is on your mind?
I just heard a shop lifter at the College Station Wal Mart shot someone.
Aeeeww no thank you :) really I appreciate you as a friend !!!! Muahszzz
That's real tricky!!
O wouldn't be anywhere without my bestfriend ............i dont know what i would do without her
BOUT TO GET OUT OF HERE & ROCK THE COCO LOUNGE!!! I NEED A FEW DRINKS!! PARTY TIME!!!!
Can anyone tell me what the term bird-dogging means? Think I have been using it incorrectly. Internets are no help.
check out puscifer - sour grapes. Listen to all the vocal tracks he has going in the end.
Let's talk about San Diego city government! What is working? What needs to be improved?
If that's a night game we should be able to make that happen. Hey You Guuyyysss? #teamidiots 6/23
ANOTHER LONG DAY AHEAD OF ME.
pahah not yet.
Thanks boo! Xoxo!;) RT S/O 2 & follow them they real as it get
HAHA THERE'S PICTURES OF CHRIS BROWN STOPPING HIS CAR TO GET A GIRLS NUMBER.... AWKWARD MOMENT WHEN MY DOG LOOKS BETTER THAN HER.
When people start giving you excuses instead of solutions, that's when you know it's time to let go.
The most runs the Mets, Dodgers & SFGiants have given up in a game this season is 11, the best mark in
Today's weekly ritual of scaring all the animals with the vacuum- successful.
4 reminders to use your camera: Shoot someone posing as a traffic cop and stopping traffic. An authoritative person can be very intimidating
I thought comics were supposed to be funny, not spewing liberal rhetoric!
Norvdog? Not likely...Flacco & Rice would be nothing w/o my guidance & play-calling.
I make a point to NEVER say this out loud. RT : It could always be worse.
hence the goggles right?!?!
Finally leaving work. Argh.
In 1995, Apple still had a vision and even w/o Jobs better leadership. RIM needs a housecleaning.~D
Lakers fans are just like steelers fans .....GAY AS FUCK !!!
I'm a Virgo(:
lets tlk here
being #90 only means you have the chance to rise! Hang in there and look to the future.
nah im good on my dm bein dick pic free.... plus this shit was abnormal n nasty. i have 0 words. ask
I love how blasting a good pop song will make you feel 100 times better...every time
lol yeah I was tired of hearing about him too. I just don't like it when it's long and drawn out!
Jon Stewart killed tonight.
Tubby and the Gophers make the NIT. Is that the slow dance?
that might be the gayest thing ever written.
gotta read the book to understand y the kids kill each other. Lol
Just like how LIFE teaches you how little journalists get paid...
French. beauty videos
funny, I would have chosen Johnny Cash, Exene Cervenka, Roy Orbison. Forget the college fund start a therapy fund. #strongfamily ;)
If you follow these people you won't die:
I get white girl angry. That's worse than any type of anger. I will wile out anytime, anyplace.
Lost 3 way ccr at grand lux on dinner and all I had was a salad :( got 90k goin into 400/800
This Saturday tune in to my radio interview at KDJA 1420AM from 7-9pm. We're going to talk about the new EP & I'll play some songs from it.
Based on how many organ parts James is laying down, you'd think we were a prog band.
What happens if you get scared half to death, twice?
Que just introduced me to Earnest Pugh . He's so nice
#VEVOnewfront. Rio Caraeff, CEO, on stage.
I just hope ........this doesn't cancel my plans for this weekend
Today, I chose my mom over going to the #Brewers game. If that's not the grandest gesture, I don't know what is.
Small town fish fry's are the best. Good food and great company.
i love the creativity that Gorillaz has brought into "Pop" music.They gave Del a larger platform,&made BobbyWomacks genius a part of 2010.
Just finished that physical agility test and passed up.
this meditation music from my pandora sounds so peaceful with the surround in my room.. ready to knock out-.- #NightEveryone z
so, Daniela is being an instigator once again. She needs to be reprimanded.
hey now! you were legal ;) weren't you? lol
the reason some of us are nameless is to protect past, present, and future connections. Rostra is where you go
It would be an honor to have you desk-sit for me, Owney. But I would need to create new metal tag for occasion.
tomorrow's gonna be ~emotional~ waaahhhh.
*Bathroom break*
when the Sacagawea dollar was released, aCharleston reporter called it the sack-agoo-away dollar. I blew coffee outta my nose.
i been good jus working n saving up u still at the same job?
on my way to the courthouse I'll let you when I get out time to go to work
#MittRomney has shown how he treats those weaker than he is: like a #sociopath with no #empathy. Just who we want for our
New Post - How to Identify Yeast Infection Indicators. - RATE_LIMIT_EXCEEDED.
RT : Using OneNote-export important client emails for safe keeping and backup purposes
Don't. Stare. At. It. Eat. It.
sounds good:)
Got official word today that my airfare and hotel will be paid for by work for #ala11. Hooray!
It's Crunch-time for California's own After tearing up the Dub this season, he's making his pro debut tonight with Syracuse
not sure it's politically expedient for Newt Schrute to be literally promising the moon.
yeah i notice things
ARR is also fired up about Rondy! Starting next Friday, 2/24. The #ANC depot will have model trains and great deals in our gift shop!
They're just so un-attractive. Black men though, m <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
There is a giveaway at www.glutenfreefrenzy.com, check it out! Thanks and !
why are you here at #ala10? Why did you join #ala? What have you learned?
Grace, I've been to the Eames house. <3 that it's cluttery and lived in. Also, a friend of mine used to work w/the Eames'!
lucky! We start at 7:35
There's no in Union Station, Washington, DC, this year due to earthquake repairs but there is one at !
Im Just Gonna Delete My Twitter
Who can contribute to SEP IRA? An employee is eligible to participate in a SEP IRA if he or she is at least 21 years old and has worked...
Busy #CV council agenda tonight. Consideration of contract extension for AMR for advanced life support and ambulance services.
It's just as hard to get to follow as it is to get to follow!!!
getting kinda good at this.....
im sure there's a way to get it without buying
this is so random but is your mom a teacher?
Hey, Whore. Has your right leg meat your left leg yet? I mean, damn bitch. CLOSE YOUR LEGS! xD Its starting to stink up in here!
Obama still got enough Votes leftover from the 08 Election to whoop Mitt Romney's Ass in November.. 4 more years Bitches! :)
my cuzin is here having a blast :p
Leadership is an action, not a position. Donald H. McGannon
I feel really proud of myself that I'm awake to see on #indystyle this morning at 9.
will be at Nickleby's Lounge (1947 W. Market - behind CVS) in #Akron tonight! Drink specials & good music all night long!
This day is half over.
Our contest has ended. CONGRATS to our top 5 most stylish campuses: !!
I'm disappointed - probably neat features on the way with new itunes.com, but I liked the Lala model. Full song previews?
i hope that you know it , you are growing and for us is very emocional , and will never leave you ! we loveU8
you may be right. I'll let you know when I finish it.
Testing if they listen. Can't believe systems can't fix pricing error. Better ingredients better pizza better systems
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY TO ALL THE MOTHERS OUT THERE!!
I mean, since I already had a bagel, there's no sense in me going to the gym after work either :)
If you have a relationship with God, everything else will work itself out
he is
Oh yeah?! That's awesome! Thanks so much! :]
Listening to some house :) lakeshow tonight bby!
President's helo's just flew over...a short limo ride and George's party begins up the road-for donors who can afford a $40,000 dinner :O
Retweet and follow if you want to see my young boobs :))
Oh yay, I found it. It was underneath my cover.
everythings changed so much these past couple months.
Great quote on Newt from : "He's an impressive guy but no one is more impressed with him than Gingrich himself"
NO SCHOOL! WHOO!(:
hate waiting for books to be published
NO HE JUST HIT ME WITH A WE NEED TO TALK!!! I WANNA CRY
Nobody gets how much i love hes the best i rly love when he connects with us nd makes all of us feel better :)
What a day! teaching w/me & 21 videos clips for ...OUT of my comfort zone! Glo-REH!
- what will this mean "to fast track local sports teams". I'd like to learn more!
"A hero is someone who has given his or her life to something bigger than oneself" #VeteransDay11/11/11
I have an event to attend on Friday, but would absolutely love to set something up!
#Post-produktion my short film"LIFE"S TOO SHORT FOR BAD COFFEE."
In other news, the amount of smoke that incense produces terrifies my inner fire marshal.
Tension running high in the library as 2 students argue over the stapler. Really.
Hope to see everyone out at the pflugerville expo today!! We will be performing!! :-)
We hope to see you at our upcoming exhibition!
Oh, that's good. As long as the world can see it, I'm fine not looking at myself for a couple hours.
I was in a cab on the way to Howard Theater! Which is AMAZING, by the way.
Awesome! RT : I hope you all can watch my film The Shift next week on OWN. Thank you for airing this.
Walked into some hip hop. our country : Breaking: U.S. Supreme Court refuses to twitter.
Waiting for my grilled tempeh reuben at the MSP airport.
Wow bummer!
ur welcome sweetie :)
omg i dont even know why i'm on this account i didn't realize it till now...bye!
Today day was quick, after the normal Monday meeting it was one new client after another calling for consultations. 2009 is looking good.
Teen Boat's better.
Whatever you do, don't mention Justin Beiber in a tweet. You will get more spam than you can imagine.
ON MY JOURNEY HOME says everything ur loved one cannot when incapacitated. Takes gone from my sight 4 steps further.
Post office and BullFish are open!
Nice. Congrats, Melissa.
Mishon - Turn It Up ft. Roscoe Dash: via use to be this shidddd !
OMG! Totally forgot about D & D...just made my day better. Chocolate munchkins...m.
Flickr was always a great social site masquarading as a photo sharing site, Meet Ups might help
RIP Mike Hood <3
Your Really Annoying Me.
ESPN broke the story too early, should have let the process play out. It's too convoluted right now. I hope it's all crap.
Depends how badly they want it, I guess...you know the theory, what you can't have you want most! Lol
RT : planned #LMSunSIG via Google+ ... Totally awesome collaboration between Brown, WPI, Curry, BU, Wentworth, Suffolk.
...and I completely agree again. Me and Ochocinco we're obviously seperated at birth. He just got all the athletic and swag genes
Gonna go to adrians house ina bit c:
": Eating 3-4 marshmallows will soothe a sore throat." that is for you.
Steve Martin's picture cracks me up every time I see it.
i'm so sorry to hear that! i hope everything goes well! you're family is in my thoughts and prayers.
Not going to Thailand.... Say WHAT?!
Making up for the time we missed together....
Be SURE the home is spotless & use lighting to bring out the best features in it.
Glades season 3
You're welcome Have a great day!
Hildreth: Key role for IMLS #dpla - Investing in next generation of librarians
nice job. :p
If you make up your face to look like another race, Should'nt you make up your mind and decide on who you really want to be?
that's the plan
I am certainly not one of people who have to be prodded. In fact, if anything, I am the prod.
Augh. Dictionary people, please tell this guy that modern usage matters in advice abt casual use of word "rape". (previous RT via )
RT : Stop being so damn lazy work nigga work work work work work work get yo own shit! Be a boss , & don't judge the next ...
we came damn close!
What are the names of Mickey's 2 nephews? 1st to answer by 2pm today will get 1 FREE day off a rental of three or more days. (866) 484-4797
If you meet KK4DAN, say hi for Blake and me.
I GET MY BRACES OFF TOMORROW(:
just getting home, long day!
#ReplaceAMovieTitleWithPenis... Get him to the penis.
It's not enough to just simply believe in yourself. You also have to be right.
lmaoo! That's a good one!
Shit was dope.
Yay and sorry for sounding stalker-like
Hi and RT
Happy Birthday pookie!!! ;)
me too! I'll send you pictures and tweet you a piece of cake!
BREAKING: Taylor Swift is at the Clooney/Obama fundraiser! via
Never thought I'd be this excited for disco
Just want to recognize , tho 123K already do. We disagree at times, but he's always astute, witty, & quintessentially
. shows the ugly, ugly XML backend data from a major digital collection of English lit texts.
you're welcome girl!
he mad almost all the time dude lol.
Apparently my boss' assault rifle is as customizable as my bike, making conversations about firearms and cycling rather frequent.
i think when i go to sleep i turn into a giraffe!
Received! Thank you thank you!
Wish I had some luck.
He's legit, the passing is spectacular. Rubio has impressed me.
who was u talking about then
Except more people of color // MT : Wow. CNN's virtual convention floor looks like the GOP convention from 2008.
'twas the night before College Fashion Week!
My life be like ooh- ah
anyone out there know of research on digital divide at neighborhood and city levels?
LMAO, ill text you now!
Such a good morning at Oakland Church in Distant, PA. So humbled and grateful.
im serious though because ive had back problems for years
TV's can pull a lot of electricity (up to 40 watts) when they are off! Unplug TVs or turn off the power strip to save money.
Thx! RT Finally getting around to uploading some photos of #Denver. Hands down favorite adventure #1 Clyfford Still . . Museum.
After an amazing night of watching AbFab with Sal, I gotta come back to reality and start classes...boo!
Happy birthday to my amazing cousin Taylor Wolters. love you so much
you lied about Jonah
Get dinner on the table quick! Our rotisserie bids are just $6.99 each, antibiotic free, no hormones.
Tonight 7-9pm $10 all you can drink.. Come in and enjoy the best deal on the island..
aww, well make sure to give her extra cuddles :)
Great conference last week! Expect an OGI 2.0 conference in near future--dates to come soon! Suggestions 4 what u want to see? Tweet!
I swear.. my mom pulls more dudes than me.. [:
Made rounds of the building, came back to find I missed a fist-fight on my own floor
I needed to hear this today: "Be brave. Take risks. Nothing can substitute experience." -Paulo Coelho
Awesome! This all got started for my 30th birthday party! We have 8 team members from our family, too.
(cont.) Dumb to realize that, then he isn't even worth it. You're gonna find someone who treats you way better
#TeamFollowBack is a Culture
Seriously! Now everything is technically "in a bread bowl"
thanks for the great food!! If you ever need help in the future on big events please let me know!!
Who's done their #SXSW homework? Is it too late to borrow the CliffsNotes?
Not doing any work for the past two weeks is really coming back to bite me in the ass right about now...
Thanks and feel free to check us out: a 15-minute podcast that brings the funny.
*gulp* RT : Hate = my fuel
ok, I'll DM you tomorrow with a time just to double-check. Thank you again!!!!
How old
hahahha ok so you're doing three things at the same time thats cool (; hahahah
#grateful for the weather. Ever so grateful. Reminds me of home but not enough to cause homesickness.
So when I have questions you'll be my guru to consult with. :)
don't know but he sure the hell wasn't in Indiana for the first half
TREEFORT TOMORROW AT THE CRUX AT 5PM. BE THERE.
Mr Mike Russell () is signing at our table until 4pm today. Come say hi!
As of this week I tweet on behalf of the Echo Beach Band inviting you to Follow, to keep up with gigs and other news
Wait, what? You've been on the LIE for 9 hours? Are you home yet? We just read this at like 9:40 West Coast time.
Madison Pharmacy Associates was the first pharmacy in the nation to specialize in women’s health.
Monday night. Let's grab some drinks. Book it
Hey Tom, I watched the episode of SNL that you hosted last night.. I had totally forgot that you hosted.. it was classic!
lets see, me katie, sam, keigon, sarah, katie... yep you don't jump around.
"for with much wisdom, comes much sorrow, the more knowledge, the more grief"
That's what I need! Coworkers to bug!
Radio: Mirkarimi's wife Eliana López said she's looking for legal advice in Venezuela to protect herself from the "abuses" of
It makes me sad when a baby is crying and the mom just shoves a pacifier in it's mouth. Humans shouldn't have corks!
I like to think we're old enough to know better, but still young enough not to care!
I told the guys to give you a headsup so you didn't lose it! It may have some $$ but text MIP Plus to 121 (I think) 2 add
yeah we really should hangout! I miss all of you guys!
Curried Lakeview is OPEN nightly til 9pm for pick up and delivery...3227 N. Clark --
I want to be a gentleman, because I am. I also want to satisfy whatever needs you may have. #IAin'tEmbarassed
I LOVE YOU<U+2665>
Text KARTRACER to 87654 for a chance to win FREE Wristbands!
I want to go to there with you.
you joined a new band?
Hey, you just mentioned me! Glad you enjoyed that video. The scene where the guy was rising from his chair was hysterical.
Partying, hmu if your bored.
Unneeded cargo makes vehicles work harder & use more gas. An extra 100 lbs reduces fuel economy up to 2 percent!
#IGetJealousOf People who have care free lives and don't realize what they got until it's gone.
RT“: 15 days of school left<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>”
U meet the clone dude and zimos yet? RT dis game jus wild and makes no sense at all
Glee Cast Are Inspirations sssssssssssi <3
On my
hell of a bender last night, just woke up gotta get to Bucks Live Pregame Fast!
Anyone whose been in my car should be proud--bumped my seat & back rest back a notch;Steering wheel isnt in my lap anymore!
Harrisburgians now open on Sundays 8-2. Excellent local business with seriously top notch coffee. I'll miss it when I move.
float like a butterfly. sting like a bee. <3
People that don't know me, don't know that I went to NYU. It was for a brief moment to do some toilet cleaning, but I did go there, I did.
Getting ready for another ALO session at the #MSCHE Annual Meeting.
RT: Walkoff homer by #Rays Allen estimated at 431 feet
Cheers the years* reminiscing.
Thank you to all the vegans who came out tonight! We might need to have vegan slices on more than just Tuesday nights...
Whitehall wants to regulate portable storage structures
lmfaooo I was talki bout him
Just read that there are no stupid questions, just a lot of inquisitive idiots...I have to say, while I dont agree, I did crack up
Oh good golly. I'm all atwitter to tour inland steel bldg with for
I think I wrote some training for that guy too!
Derp is right. What a dumbell.
> Thank you! Have a fantastic weekend!
oh right. I never thought if that. He was a bit gleeful, eh?
Like the Smithsonian? They would probably give me a spare part, right?
Welcome home! Glad you had a safe trip.
earworm: "Subway to Venus"
Yes!!!! RT : Does this mean we get to don cool ninja outfits?
peace love and party with sluts
nate claimed to have sent it. Did brett get it? Nate is in michigan, but back tomorrow. I will bust his balls....
thanx for the S/O girl =)
#Bears well get there ass kicked tonight
Goodnight beautiful.xoxo :-)
ahh yes. Been a while since I've read it. Cool. Thanks.
Its always something
Just got done with a nice riding session with and Show tomorrow at lawrenceburg fair. 6:30 and 8:00!
uploading to bandcamp, slow but worth it. Almost ready for prime time.
you dont grind, you dont shine ! RT You don't work, you don't eat
yea yu did
I tried on Kindle Fire and iPhone and couldn't make it work :-(
Numptydoofasaurus...that's me ;-)
Is Lady Gaga crying?
I wonder if we have time to go Jus' Mac before the Black Keys concert?
I voted for you like 50 times. Hope you win!
My parents are so hipocritical. They say I act different around friends, but then they go and act all nice around mine when their really not
congrats on the new blog!
Thank you for the recent RTs!
You should follow Her tweets have been my biggest guilty pleasure for months.
But, good Guy record store owner has records at a reasonable price, organized, and has a story about every record in the shop.
a screamo song too. They made it first
Hell yeah i'm a belieber, yeah i'm mindless, and yeah i'm a directioner !
hi guys
Ok, We are picking one more winner for sub! And the winner is...
That's Straight. I'm Down
please follow ! its JADEN SMITHS FIRST OFFICIAL ARMY ! GO FOLLOW & ENCOURAGE YOUR FOLLOWERS TO DO THE SAME!Plz<3
You always were a smart cookie.
Dress shopping #summertimee (:
Just went out again and did the routine about 4 times...pretty good...
good points! I have a feeling that cena will win since he's the face of WWE. Rock comes and goes
That's was a play!
WE BUY GOLD,SILVER,ARTICLES OF VALUE!WATCH BATTERIES FROM $ 1.99 ! REPAIRS,CRYSTALS, BANDS,FREE LAYAWAY !
Hey so did you get the mj memorial tickets?
tweet: blogblackmiami Wow. Quote of the night: "I may walk up here in a suit but I wear many hats too!" --- Rod Vereen
Where a fat bitch at when you need her to cook fir you
YES! Rocky Mountain Rollergirls will be there, with a Zombie Party Bus going :45 to our Zombs vs. Vamps bout!
Doesn't get much better than hot coffee and popovers.
I have been training for weeks!
you're mine too. Love you Enano.
Out In Queens W/ Clearing Up Our Sinus..Teehahehaa..
Hello world
#WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay are nothing. because I would never say it! mwoo hah hah.
True! Maybe in time they can both come to love and respect women, too.
yeah :) it's a small world
FOLLOW BACK? :)
When life gives you lemons, make #Lemoncello cupcakes! #wordsofwisdom :P
On top of the Empire Hotel for Nautica...look for pops of pink, tailored separates and nautical stripes this spring!
-- very good
God don't care about that shit. He is more interested in the poor and the widows. Get your shit together Mike.
that would be awesome!
Ariana's boobs > Mo's weird mask thing
How will the Yankee$ $urvive?
When men fight against God, they do so by the power of God. - Paul Washer
lol that's what's up
Not early enough
HUH?? RT : RT : Justin Bieber is walking out with Floyd Mayweather. Now I've seen everything.
lets talk
Ta-da...Just voted on all June 5 primary issues by mail. All political mailers, TV ads and robo-calls to be ignored henceforth!
Coloring like a pro! <U+E404><U+E00E>
yeah I think it would be like 3 Kilimanjaro's in a row. Level 15.
Just posted about GOOGLE turning 10 tomorrow. It's hard to believe how far they've gone.
but I am going to bed. Not cause you to me to.. Just because I do what I want <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BD><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
Have fun!!!
after almost a year of apartment searching, I've settled on Woodley Park area, steps from the zoo!
And getting away with what most other people would get arrested for.
Daddy Day Care is a really funny movie
In the basement... scared..save me..
but still most trailers that i've seen that I liked, I usually liked the movie too!! I'm gonna have to check it out now!!
I still don't believe my reflection vhshjxvskhsdjk oh gosh
ha, you also should add people who have rolling luggage to the list
Back from the movies. Up fightin sleep for some reason.
last class
It seems to me they don't realize that a lot of the books they carry (in the poetry section especially) are anything *but*.
On my way to London to work for the day.. This is way too early in the morning to be traveling though!
#shehechat *taps fingers* waiting for you
You will ROCK it! Best of luck!
Holding an #Isagenix opportunity meeting at my place this Sunday. If you're near me in Washington, visit to learn about the business! :)
Booked hotel and registered for #slachicago. So excited to be in Chicago this summer!
A man suffered a heart attack while eating a Triple Bypass Burger at the Heart Attack Grill in Las Vegas.
Wis. Republican Party sends out statement reacting to Barrett primary win, even though polls are still open.
just did a shot of honey . I'm so fucking sick .
you going to the game?
are you drinking early today?
#DontTextMeTalkingAbout anything... If your texting me outa the blue then obv you need a ride or your keys are locked in your car wtf!!!
no way that must have been so nice! I'm sold! What street is the entrance on?
right here! Even if they win tonight it's too little to late they have 4 straight to win..
don't give me that face Andre. You be throw a smile up there and be happy :)
Wouldn't Dave Wallace be a nice fit? Was here before and worked with BV w/Mets.
breh, I mean. Breh. Seriously, breh. youre so not even listening to what I'm saying here, breh.
if i don't make cheer i swear ima feel so fucking stupid .
eChalkers - do you follow ? Great resources for your school sites and online classrooms!
#PeytonManning Orange #18. So excited for football!!
hell yes
My son Tristan
Take time to really develop a solid marketing funnel with a funded proposal in place to engage your list.
- Great changes when used properly. Boring and annoying when not.
I am! About 15 minutes! Haha I'm excited too but I will not read spoilers tonight! Let me know what you think. How's the day?
It's a true DH!
Day 3 of the busiest week of the year .
you should add in a piece of that lemon pound cake...so good.
Home to celebrate my brothers birthday!! <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BB><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B8>
Foster's Home for Imaginary Friends!!!!
Watching the State of the Union
What to do today - make pillows or garden?
RT Lets come together, show support & thank for taking a stand for #MarriageEquality today.
Don't forget to turn your clocks forward Sunday morning/Saturday Night or you will all be late your open houses and showings!
thank you love<3
The next time #KState pays off the refs, they need to make it less obvious.
Van = Scary.
Beth is my favorite on dog the bounty hunter. she's strong and opinionated.
I run new York.
If I do get murdered in this motel, will someone please deduct a star from my review over on Yelp? Thanks
you were right. U texted me everytime they scored.
Wanna know what you need to do?
I miss ya too man, and okay! Haha
yea both of them are
A whimsical "Barber" is in at
Fear - no. Respect - perhaps... but that is as far as I go..
OK THE BIG NEWS!!.. YOU READY??.. WE ARE OPENING FOR MSTRKRFT + BIRD PETERSON. on MARCH 13th DIG THAT//.we are very EXCITED.. Cheers!
a great reason to get out to the 1st Wit's End party of 2012 Saturday!
What's wrong?
Good thing Blake Griffin isnt in the Dunk Contest this year. Now we get some guys that can actually dunk, like Chase Budinger
Have you ever had sex in a movie theater? Reply to us with #YES or #NO to vote
Asap Rocky is
I am loyal but I want to give back some Klout love I've received lately - Twitter is all ab unique content & reciprocity :-)
It's people with your frame of mind that have created a two income home. Children are better off when mom stays home. PERIOD
Will you get marry?
how can you tweet with all these classes to worry bout smh
Congrats on the Madden cover! Represent the Lions and shut down that supposed curse.
Tip 3: Listening to a person can give you great insight into what kind of person they are.
Why is Curren$y only on for the west coast dates for Roc the Bells?.
can u do me a shoutout?thanks.(:&i heard bout the call!(:
LOVE YOU TOO MY SISTA!!!! It was so fun!!! I'm sitting here telling my bro about all your movies...that we didn't get to watch.
i swear #oomf was all about tennessee basketball untill kentucky won... now there "all big blue" ha.
Just finished the season 2 finale of #WalkingDead. Omg, why isn't it coming back sooner???
If you make extensive professional contacts via social networks, I don't see how you could avoid it
How are you tonight luv? [;
Thanks for Like-ing our Page, y'all!
#MCA was with it and he's my ace.
I'll be at mt vernon next week.... can't say I'm too excited
Hi Sonya, if you want to support The Nature Conservancy this holiday season, you can! With the pungle.me app. Check it out.
Life is very short and what we have to do must be done in the now
Who gives a shit if a guy wants to change his name, it's his choice i don't really give a fuck
I love you<3
I accidentally watched 20 seconds of glee.....kill me now
good morning!
they both haf the same pair of nike shocks in 6th grade!
#FF Following because if says they rock, they ROCK!
Happy 4th! We have a giant gift for you on Wednesday. Consider it a vindication of your requests for years.
Nope did you?
We get it..you model.
hey y'all sorry i havn't tweeted 4 a while i've been really busy
I used hairspray for the first time everr xD It's working good for me,which is great! It's Herbal Essences hairspray so yea... :P
life's a beach bro, and that's a full blown beard - dont hate on
RT : Sorry to be missing Pitch tonight. Keep rockin' those crazy-great ideas, #chicago #startups!
Hey are you guys coming over for tomorrow's Jazz lunch in the circle?!?
that's good hun :P<3
Happy Easter everyone! God Bless!!!
cool, kemey?R u going back to eri soon? Btw u r tsebakitey(cute),srry for my spelling, I'm bad at writing words in Tigrinya Lol
where do I need to drop in and what kinda grub?
Jesus' sacrifice on the Cross...... It is the death and resurrection that gives true life to those who follow Him.
Will anyone use Excel is pay comp in 20 years? Not one hand raised
well I think the corollary to the "trauma" is that parents try to heal undresolved trauma through their kids.
Do you ever sell film rights before you sell a manuscript to a publishing house? If so, does that help sell the manuscript?
Three day weekend! Any big plans?
I rather doing my father's (heavenly) business whatever he says I do. Ain(t easy but the savior has us. I go In the hood cause
This is NOT the Mets, things are different over here! #Yankees Universe!
what up!
Lmao on my last RT :D
Ceviche hit the spot!
One, two, three, four Get your booty on the dance floor. Work it out, shake it little momma c;
Wait, Norman Borlaug died in 2009? Where was I? Probably chowing down on some bread made from dwarf wheat or something
RT : No vote from Players, citing need to review/peruse more details. And so we wait. Labor pains continue, no baby yet.
Press conf in NM mass shooting delayed. Chief Schultz at crime lab.
Stayed up in a plank for 80 seconds on a wii balance board in a little tiny circle and never got out of it!(:
agreed! So sweet ;) an Caden i need to tell u something
maybe but im not going to like her like that and yes i did moved on ..
was told today they do not yet have plan for UNIV 1010 retake.
I Mean Its Only Common Sense . .
yea so not in the mood for this....
Thanks for the RT, friends!
Doing what homie wish he could.
My gurl ½ black & ½ cuban with green eyes with a nice personality, clearly I'm winning
My piano tuner is making my house sound like a Jazz Club in NOLA! Now all I need is a Cafe Au Lait and some Beignets.
Absolutely wonderful<U+263A>
what's good homie
Anyone watching American Idol tonight?
...and that's Day 2. Drums are done and James laid down some sweet sounds on a Hammond.
~All is well. Thanks. How "goes" your day? hehehe
Happy Friday! No triskaidekaphobia here. You?
I don't care how "sexy" you make that little car look. My 6'2" husband will never fit inside there comfortably. And I still think it's ugly.
Please follow // and i'll DM then :)
I was hoping you'd tell me you got it at Jumbars or some bakery in Bethlehem or something so I could go buy one
I like people that are their own individuals, their own person, that doesn't need anyone. #Independent... That's what i like.
so gettin ready for dis Climax Party....
i can c u enjoyin in yo eyes
you silly. Lmao
Out with a friend and his friends from law school...should be interesting...
So much to be thankful for this year. Gettin' all mushy and sh*t.
We are ready for demo day Great meeting tonight. folks from Sacramento scheduled to attend.
What said
Correction northern Alabama
Just arrived at #successinthecity downtown. Looking forward to the chick chat!
The novel still has plenty of time to find its Citizen Kane.
#Np : At Your Best !
That sounds scary!!!
I want company but everyone iz at work GrRr
2010: You're only cool if you have silly bandz. 2011: Planking is boss. 2012: HEY! Let's all choke on cinnamonn.
yepp thats not going to happen...
I can't watch the almost kiss at the end of the elt video. I emotionally just can't do it
haha i know right. Most of them don't know a damn thing about sports, much less even play.. Lol
the amends that i dont want to confront imma write em down n burn that bitch
I think the show is suffering from over exposure and over discussion. I also think it has to stand for too much.
Happy St. Patrick's Day, y'all...
Cam gigandet , why must your face look so amazing?
Follow AYo on Twitter and the team
has a date with Wharton's SBDC tomorrow. Swell.
In the
anyone wanna take us on in a game of basket ball? We go hard in the motha fucking paint !!!!
ROFL. You rock
OTN : Good Night :)
uh yahh , I hope youre NOT ! ! getting hair done (: ?
hey there :)
looking for a great burger? You'll have to check us out some time! We'll be in south side soon, too.
Pretty little liars c:
yea i bet it was :(
Totes! I'll bring my catalog to the office tomorrow!
Go down on ?
Refinancing and consolidating debt in Texas is our specialty! www.amcaphomeloans.com
thanks so much for your support Norris!
update please!
“: for real though! it was the best of times. it was the worst of times. #bus49” facts!
haha apparently XD It's the first thing some people tell me when they meet me =P
Feels good to be back in Colorado. Can't wait to see all the peeps... but man is it cold here!
You are welcome!
S/O to my new followers go follow themm
Add Toledo to the list of Division I schools offering a scholarship to Homestead junior Luke Worthington.
Lost in Translation, House and Battle Royale at the Castro tonight. Best triple feature ever. Anyone else going?
Census finds number of uninsured not statistically different from 2009 to 2010. Nearly 50 million Americans had no health insurance in 2010.
!!! Ha RT : They got swept... RT : Damn at least the Mavs put up a fuckin fight...
Big day tomorrow: starting to get really excited!
Sure ur the only nut w/glow sticks,haha
lol girl please
OMG i love under the mistletoe best song ever !!!! <3
oh yeah sorry ihavent been on myphne broke deffinately bouttah get anew one pretty soon
When nothing goes right, go left.
Stomach touching my back....
Look at all the followers you have!!!:)
BET YOU WONT FiGHT EM!<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A>
I'm stopping for now..
Damn thunder is taking it to them!
Hey. Kid. Walking down 5th ave snacking on a bag of carrots. Yeah, you...atta boy.
Nick! Do you feel better?! Hope you do! Have a good day!
always makes me nervous to turn in my edits to something.
no, but tempt me with a Dr. Pepper and see what happens :)
Just realized we have a four day week
Today is a great day to make fun of people.
That's because the only minority he wants to protect are white, christian, working males.
yeah i dont know if i can deal with opening weekend crowds
definitely a lot of germs flying around that pit. LOL
yeah no kidding, let him keep running his mouth...that's not our style, we'll be happy to shut it for him
Ann has NOT lost her touch! Still has range and that signature raspy voice!
#1DFact When Louis bored,he says he'll poke Harry to annoy him.
Watching breaking dawn while eating twinkies at 1am... Lololol
I don't really know what to say about the single life. I'm not looking, but it could help. :D
I'm thankful for falling asleep to the sound of rain
Say somethin' cause you're driving me crazy..
Today is our 3 year anniversary. Thank you for your support, #Indy!
SNOW DAY
Just watched Friday's episode of The Shark Tank and that last deal put a huge smile on my face. Way to go
So happy it's on again.
Just got a lesson in voice acting with Andrea Romano. Dream come true!
thanks gorgeous
Many people would give up their pups and dogs if appropriately-timed crating was not an option. Crates save many lives.
Watching Infested on animal planet. Ewwww.
wanted to kill the sexiest person alive…But suicide’s a crime
it sucks i got change a 8 year olds diaper this kid is a special needs kid but i love taking care of him :) he so sweet
I cant look at the news or anything I hate WOW! company and then they not even picking up when i calling them
Up and rolling since 0400.
Is there any way that Damon's clubhouse nickname can be anything other than "Crampa?"
Hello Seattle. If you need delivered lunch, just give us a call 206-441-9235. Or come downstairs for a nice break
#ThingsILookFor= New Exciting Ventures!:-)
Should states have short term marriage license? To help with the divorce rate.
: My point. That Nuggets team, like the other teams in the playoffs are more athletic than ANY team Jordan faced.
If you drink or smoke at all;
Congrats to my best friend getting the job at dillards...now buy me some shoes!
Our Hero appreciates you taking a break from tweeting about baking.
Five year olds make an earthquake from a shower curtain. Day made.
Whoa. Adam Yauch. Only 47. Such a loss.
you win this round..<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
thanks 4 the follow.....
We are interviewing for an internship for the summer 2011 season! Applicants may inquire further at
Thanks for helping answer one of life's persistent questions!
Stephen Colbert and General Odierno are singing "I'll Be Home For Christmas" in honor of the ending of the Iraq War.
"She going right, she going left. I can't help myself"
poor intern has to sit next to Lauren
Can you define "Soul Food" in 140 characters or less?
I hate my reeboks now
lol - ok i'll find something fun for us to do :) i owe you a call tomorrow anyway.
If you create your own duress, you usually have to suffer with it.
Let me know if you have any questions!
RT : "One thing I know is all the great writers I know have wrestled with the world."--junot Diaz, speaking at Trinity U
no we said Punk does it never said he was originator CazClown
hey tweeps my chard went bizurker with all the rain lately. what are your favorite recipes for chard?
I love those nights when you're sleeping and its raining outside. Cold. Quite. Dark. Peaceful. <3
HOW FREAKIN ADORABLE!!!! I wanna name her....MAHANA!!! :D
Fianl week of school before spring break
It’s wise to learn from experience, and it’s even wiser to learn from the experience of others! (via Rick Warren Purpose Driven Connection)
We need men and women who want a #liquidfacelift for a TV Show. We are #casting a show and need energetic people to star. Treatment is free!
Yep! They've been pretty short, although the discussion posts effectively double the amount of reading each module. Verbose class.
Yes, me too...we all crashed their site!
Needs some Ke$ha in his life right now!
Thanks for the RT yesterday.
Value and benefits of social engagement: #Brand Equity, loyalty, consumer insights, UGC, earned media, stories, sales and market share
hell yea man smh
Who was the snitch?
Out of nowhere & with no context, I told my beloved I wanted a flamethrower for Mother's Day and it didn't even faze him <3
that a girl a rangers fan
Don't forget what your committed to
Q1&2. Not clear how q re learning & comm r tethered to museum. In context of a particular exhib?
yup yup :D
nice I'm just eating some chicken fingers
is it just me who gets reeaaalllyyy pissed when someone types 1d and not 1D..? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>
Decided to switch my beekeeping class to tomorrow w/ Super excited. Wish was here to provide tips.
I'm in India! Will be back in a month.
“The lack of a sense of history is the damnation of the modern world.” Robert Penn Warren
Yay my gym is back open - so I'm back to my morning workouts!
Status: updated
I know my momma gonna test me and see if I tell her happy mothers day... She gon get a text when she wakes up.
Stupid people that I don't know keep on calling me and I've had the same number for like 5yrs..! -__-
no!! The Pacers are my favorite team but Lebron is my favorite player... that's totally different
meth or Coke
Nothing like chasing nyquil with a jager bomb! Though, they do seem eerily similar... Its okay, won't remember it tomorrow!
The first sentence of a press release is key. That first sentence is much more important than the layout or its length.
just recieved my annual reminder from mom that today should have been my bday but as i ve been lazy from the start i was born a week late
#CorporateGreed where the fuck Obama at? I was about to post something about a Gat. Needed to make it less threatening, or Im dead like 2Pac
“: My sleep schedule is nonexistent.” my favorite fav of the day.
Thanks for the RT!
that would be the best place to start for sure... maybe more too!?
If your "just saying" is not the precursor to your..."just doing"...just keep quiet!
And the creative gears are turning! ...and once they start, there's no turning back. It's going to be a good weekend.
I have eaten my last snack. There is no more hope. I'm gonna die here.
Bristol TN/VA area tweeps - you MUST go visit the new Food City on Euclid. AND fill-up w/Value Card for $3.30/gallon!
#TNC10 Bizarre to come to conference in Florida - on health topics, no less - and have not a piece of fruit available for breakfast!
Hey Bob Ryan. Stop talking. Then go away like teenage girls in the 50's. Thank you for cutting him off!
can't wait to hang out and get my tan on with my sissy after walk for life (:
lol lets go
Use a problem my niggga
Don't get me started quoting that movie. I saw it in the theater!
Somebody give me a shoutout-_-
That sounds AWESOME! Follow me back & I will DM you my contact info so we can discuss more about your logo.
#EcoMonday - "Don't wait for someone to bring you flowers. Plant your own #garden and decorate your own #soul." Mario Quintana
Listen to #WBAT 1400 in Marion today at 4pm. Jack will be talking with today.
This conversation is going nowhere.
Happy Birthday Mikey!!!!!! Hope you have the best birthday ever! (:
Pleasure to meet u. Thank u for coming to my presentation on #ux study: analyzing large open card sort
Miss Virginia USA 2011 Drunkenly Threatens Gay Couple!
about 8 weeks old
Ah. See, I had this vision of it being in your actual apartment. "He's on your bike? Get 'im outta there!! Damn B&Eers!"
Of course when I try to go to bed for 5 hours of sleep in preparation for a 12 hour day tomorrow a thunderstorm hits. Just my damn luck.
shout out to for being great and letting me go on twitter on her iPod
For some sho nuff positive talk check out motivational speaker Les Brown on KFWB 980 AM M-F, 2:00-4pm.
I'm gonna buy my own suite at Lambeau, hell I'll buy 2!
Looking for someone to chair of a cult prop roundtable at the Joint L&S Conf in Honolulu, June 5-8 2012. Know of anyone? Thnx!
NaLee a vividly rich fantasy to tantalize all your senses! Check it out at NaLee2010.com
doctor said No more iconics jumping on stage!!! :D i made it up in class
awesome!!!! launches today in Delhi, India, with an amazing show featuring one of Indias biggest bands....INDIAN OCEAN!
thanks for the follow, Steve!
i did earlier.
I wonder though. I mean, ratings are good. It's culturally "cool." I think they know what they're into. Just fear reduced $.
Nice. Anytime a brick wall is knocked down is good.
"Lie to me," she said 'I love you," he replied.
Hi Kofi, was wondering if I could interview you about your #Celtics for Would you mind DM'ing me?
Heading to the 2011 World Horror Convention with my good friends from InCaseOfAttack.com tomorrow - going to do a raffle for a tiny zombie!
Booyah! That's as great as the Lighting Round, well pretty close anyways
About to follow some lucky fan!.. Anyone would like a follow?!? <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
You know you can always count on me for a coffee run!
Please Please go vote for to be covered more at mmagazine here! #needsomevotes polls.m-mag.com/polls/253009 GO NOW!!
Off to catch a movie :)
Thanks for following & for an amazing party! <3
Privileged to visit partners in #boston today with folks from our brewed category team.
its hard if you write five to six page long chapters ;_;
No matter how loud you shout you will not drown out the voice of the people. William welberforce. :-)
Thanks for following my blog! You have a nice little set up there yourself!
Lmao at people who check your twitter everyday yet they don't follow you.
So who's the drummer?
Of course. Bring it.RT : Can I be on your side please? You sound much scarier than werewolves or hunters!
Michael Jordan sues the Chinese-based Qiaodan Sports Company over alleged illegal usage of his name.
Oh so now you care...i see.
Thanks for the RT! Have a great Friday!
I've become addicted to the snooze button. Any remedy to break this bad habit? :/ :)
I'm roasting the last of last summer's butternut squashes
I fucked up and I'm not afraid to admit my mistakes. #live&learn
Uh Oh! Newt got the Chuck Norris endorsement. Hope Big O didn't sell the house in Hyde Park. LOL
And they who for their country die shall fill an honored grave, for glory lights the soldier's tomb, and beauty weeps the brave. ~Joseph...
I have a lot of things to talk about!
Mad ups to Brauny for being the NL's greatest!
Been alone for a month now.
#thatawkwardmoment when someone knows you and you have know idea who they are
haha. Shopping. Abercrombie and Fitch is closed for another freakin hour so randomly buying clothes. Hahaha
Welcome to king burger where we do it your way but don't get crazy
Or a fine cognac RT : Cartier Martin sounds like a pair of really nice shoes
Happy #FacebookDay business friends! If you want the most reliable market news and opinions, I always trust &
don't let the door hit you in the ass asante
USATF's Stephanie Hightower: "We did our homework" in selecting Max Siegel. Adding, "I appreciate your angst."
Made it through all the levels of today's Universal Studios call back auditions! Really hoping they can accommodate my training schedule!
I dont think so.
In order to get random ringtones on my iPhone I have to jailbreak it.
Justin gets, Cody will never get it because no one knows who he is to say anything! :D lol
I got a weird butt dial vm with someone talking about "when the baby comes..."
Suppose to be at work forty five minutes early for an audit. I get here & the parking lot is empty -_-
In this case it is that I suspect I will incur the wrath of , that will probably mean I'm doing something right
The remix to ignition.
is about 50 away from 4,500 followers. Help us get there & RT - We look forward to continuing the conversation!
I literally almost cry every time I watch
The weather could not have been more perfect this weekend. Did you have a good trip? :)
My VIKINGS lookin' good! More positivity to come!!!
I would LOVE that list. As well as submit my suggestions.
If you think your nail polish is dry... Wait 10 more minutes. #lesson learned
The weather gods are smiling today...
you already know
yes. I wish I could get rid of mine.
I like Google+, but there is too much wasted real estate; would like to see more with less scrolling. Guess I should go add-on hunting
dude freaking call me, im bored!
Most do, perhaps I just devalue the RB position too much. I thought no. 1 priority for CLE should have been grabbing a top WR
See Video intro to "Family Learning in Interactive Galleries: A Cross-Museum Research Report "W.FamiliesInArtMuseums.org
SNOW BUD/BOO FROG/NAPALM BEACH-ALL IN THE NEXT 2 WEEKS
What a thrill! Congrats!! RT : I am holding my son. And I am ecstatic.
Oh. I don't know what that is.
the one that makes you sad for it
all my thoughts and prayers go to
I think there's room to land traditional museum job then lead innovation #notinjobdescription (maybe only way)Too optimistic?
LOL he DOES have a #12 jersey....just like P. Manning had #18 at his draft...
New album sounds amazing! Can't wait to see you guys!
dont worry u are beautiful :)
DUDE, WHERE'S MY ? No one can find you. Hit me up, homegirl.
okay when my dad reached his hand up there some vaginal fluid got on his hand and he licked it then we fucked! it was HOT! - lauren
If i can hear your headphones from 20 feet away then its too loud. You know who you are
RT Every 2 ounces of Henny adds 3 mins to your performance. Drink a fifth and u might as well change your name to Ron Jeremy.
“: Lmfaooo when's the last time you have done a dirt bag move?” Lmao
Just home from directing a shoot. An hour driving in snow. Blew off a Halloween party:-) Having a great pot pie and relaxing. Priceless.
if its not you who Is it then?
geezz we are cool as ice
If ya ain't got it in ya, ya can't blow it out.
Yup that was big new this morning for ESPN radio. Sad, but I don't have to change my presets.
thanks for spreading the word!
I'm very impressed by what Joss did juggling 7 characters and his framing of action sequences though.
A charming woman... doesn't follow the crowd. She is herself. - Loretta Young
Do you want your own show?
#kids Right Before Your Eyes - Children's Musical at Geyer Performing Arts Center, Sat, May 12 7:30p: "Right Before Your Eyes" is a...
If you're the only guy going out with a group of girls, you better have some deep pockets because you're about to hold all of our stuff
I will be in rare form tomorrow at Augusta Ga Mayfest! You don't want to miss it! I feel a move of the power of God!
Just Tebow'd
Watching the last episode of #madmen to refresh my memory. Cannot wait for the 2 hour premiere!!!!
follow me please?? (:
They've been around since the beginning of last semester, but I'm bearish on their prospects of lasting on campus.
Thanks for following! I just checked out Jane TV, awesome website! Looking forward to connecting soon!
NBA trade deadline...what's gonna happen? Orlando seems to be the only one who doesn't realize they need to trade Dwight.
Let's go Lakers!
Thanks. Maybe the park will happen tomorrow, maybe not
Just got to meet President and CEO's: James E. Rogers(Duke Energy), Joe Craft(Alliance Resource), and Dave Adkisson(KY Chamber of Commerce)
Where words fail, music speaks.
zeitoun, it's actually good but I just can't
Why does it take 15 mins to fill a prepackaged prescription?
Txting to central tweet command for confirmation
Latest endorsements: The Rev. Canon Mary Moreno Richardson an Episcopal Priest, The Interfaith Drug Policy Initiative, and L.E.A.P!
niall loves pints.
nothin much gettin ready to go out l8er(: lol tell all them i said HI(: lol
Its Friday Laser Tag at the Quad!!
I really burn 36 chamber more than my Frank Ocean Miles Davis & Marley <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+0086>
I can't wait to see Tea go off on him, just because I love her and she is so kickass.
Saw a Chevy Volt eastbound on 1-94 this AM. First one I've seen on the road so far.
thank you! “: I'm diggin' the new avatar.”
and a partridge in a pear tree...
BEST MUSIC EVER LUUVV UR SONGS!!!!!!:):)
After a complete rebuild, we had a nice run. With another year under all the young guys belts, next year will be great!
Still a few tickets available for tonight's performance of "Time Stands Still" by Donald Margulies. Come on down and join us! Starts at 8pm
Where are you planning on going for Thanksgiving?
I like my whisky old and my women young.
hey whens prom and who are you going with
IF YOU CAN MAKE A GIRL LAUGH, YOU CAN MAKE HER DO ANYTHING. - MARILYN MONROE
"Today is not a good day to fail. You can do that tomorrow!"—Delano Johnson Embrace your Creativity!™ ;-)
Over my gma house all I do is eat , it don't be s* else too do.
At SERU panel where co-chair of committee to draft user guidelines for electronic resources is uncomfortable w/ using computer.
": we got plans for Dang Girl pt II. Sorry for the wait. " YAYY! I thought hope was lost c,:
You are tweetastic!
should have a best of the web show. I think us librarians could take a few notes from him
I definitely needed sleep. Just woke up from a 3 hour nap. Yeah.
This weekend I have decided to take my talents to minnesota....see you at the EYBL haha.
Grant Parish photo contest is open now - Alexandria Town Talk
raining = movies + cuddling w. my babe !
Mixin a couple beatz b4 work.
NO PAULA ABDUL PLEASE COME BACK TO AL!!!! OH GOD WE WILL MISS YOU SO MUCH!!!!!!
thanks for putting the #sxswsea list together on twitter. :)
Thanks for the follow , and
« The aim of art is to represent not the outward appearance of things, but their inward significance. » Aristotle
Well...weren't we?
I knew karma was on her way she shoulda took longer though
: hold up! Changed one thing on the back. Front is still good 2 go. #sorry lol
So close to success :p
...or a lit candlestick.
relax! ha! well maybe at some point (it is good too) but I gotta keep moving to be happy :)
Hey Madison drivers. Turn on your freaking lights. Pretty crappy visibility.
whts up ? Nigga I be calling you
: no if that was the case would u have hot lemonade ? Ugh
Not feeling school at all today. I'm just going to throw something on. So darn tired.
To know your true friends is actually simple. Just remember who lift you when you fall. That's friendship is all about.
You lie about living that #thuglife but you
We were visited by last week! Thanks to all of our friends!
I'm sad because my mom is in the Hospital:(
so many people tweet and complain about justin trends - by tweeting you're just helping it trend more
Oh, I was just thinking about the same kind of list you have -- hoping to be able to connect more by exposing my schedule.
Top of the week mean more money to make
you are an awesome author, but I am more fearful of having to listen to Plossington cry.
if your brunch includes drinks, don't forget to see if the venue uses bartab to save $!
Who is in the picture?
yea...juss landed in Myrtle
Loving the cooler wind blowing in around San Antonio and surrounding areas. Perfect feel as the holidays get closer.
it does seem like thor is gonna be the heart of the sequel to cause u know he is gonna be in thor 2
Got some sweet stuff in the works! :)
Who wants a mailed letter with some stickers and art drawn on it? :p first one to reply gets that! Get their while you can!!!
what time does today's testing end?
Shut your non sequitur pie hole, Tony Perkins.
sweet dreams
u rock! Ur playing Sunday right?!
Do you have your banjo in L.A.?
Ready to get my uniform today!!!!!!
Thanks for the RT!
How was the Cole Porter? How was the Opera?
Aww, super cute! My son asked his daddy if he could by me beautiful flowers last week. Melted my heart! :)
“Dwell on the beauty of life. Watch the stars, and see yourself running with them.”
Not happening on my watch.
FF - YUMMY Italian food - cute quaint location!
Wish I could've been there to see it!
RT : Is the team of Roberto Ferrari or the UCI going to do the right thing? Other riders, including myself, have been sent...
Computer was trippin' so I'm posting via San Francisco time. Ok, now I see the irony...
#twittertips always spit on uR neighbors car
I am so glad Obamacare will not tax us, except for that line on the Tax Form that says something about" penalty for not having a HCP". Duh!
Commission meeting is in session. Watch live at www.wedrawthelines.ca.gov
Now they know kit kats are not that damn loud.
Upset my computer caught a virus
Today I realized again that the opposite of love may be fear, not hate. God is love. Love is real. God is real for anyone who chooses
Redlobster makes me happy
With all this football conference realignment going on, now would be a good time for the #Saints to join the SEC.
At Chacho's eating and having drinks with my lady!!
Was chilling at starbucks but it's no fun by yourself, so I'm headed back home to figure something out until the drive in
I am following you :)
4. Creature f/ Sinnagi - "Under The Lights"
Damn good night for an #Orioles game.
make sure your READY for the SEX..thats what they want...DONT be a selfish LOVER
your small what?
Go Follow for putting on an awesome show last night and to wish them luck on the rest of the tour!
Don't worry - I'm that person who gets paranoid and unplugs even the appliances with auto-shutoff. can verify.
worse than that is that the liar thinks you are so stupid you don't know you're being lied to
if I were your friend I would I had that nigga blasted real talk!, ill go cray if any one tried to hit my sis
Checking in what up doe
Thank you for your support with this situation Guardian Angels, y'all are amazing!!
I recommend vodka.
Signs you work too much? You go for a run and are so happy to be outside you gave to suppress the urge to roll in the grass like a dog.
Sleep between my teeth/I never chew
I don't know people could see that still.. How awkward..
thanks for following! youre quite the inspiration to me (: keep it up!
What in the HELL are the #Clippers doing???
Read quickly, and thought this was asking if you should bring your dog in! Looking forward to sharing, but I'm not in tonite...
Can we get a RT for $3 Microbrew Pints day?!
#WarpedTour in T minus 12 hours. Super stoked. i can't wait to see with &
your welcome :-)
Good to see someone respects a good dick joke when they hear one
#NightlockAwarenessMonth Save Panem Citizens From This Deadly Berry!!! RT
Mt. Tamalpais is razor sharp against the perfect blue sky, like an ad for HD TV. I love living & working in Mill Valley.
Kinda hurt a little inside tho
Pierced up!
What's that black cloud visible from I805 around highway 52?
dr.who...the original
that was the plan ... but sometimes they change. Recording may happen earlier.
Eric, how is Riverside doing in the tournament?
Things we do, we do for ourselves. But that which we love we have no choice but to give away. - Edmond Medina.
is it bad to have privilege? is it bad to have power?
I do pop and alternative and some rock
Why is my iPhone charger so short..<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
WOW! What was her major? I think my son did OK with his frosh year books, crossing fingers the next few years are sane too.
This is the only time you'll ever see that haha
good morning M&M!
Go get a lunch/early dinner at Joes!
pretty much tired as hell.just know getting off
Best Online Developers to Follow:
Wow i feel like a retard looking at this math homework.
Fell off the #Blog2012 wagon yesterday. Oops. Hope I don't disappoint my #jour111 students who are still kicking butt. I'll still blog tho!
Just got this new blkberrytorch. I'm finna be a beast on this twit game12 gat
#MAHOMIES r awesome
7 Ways Oracle Hurts Database Customers' Security
He said negotiations still going on; everything still on the tablr
Ah - the hopes of spring dashed with a March 1st blizzard: Maple sap's no longer flowing and the chickens are locked up in the coop!
Happy Free Comic Book Day, Y'all!
ur hubs is pretty clever :)
yes one of the March weekends, if not will be going April 4th
Hostess has filed for Chapter 11. What will we eat after the nuclear apocalypse if there aren't any Twinkies?
Someone tagged Dolphin with Pluto also, and a trippy shroom too. I don't know if they're related.
My feelings for you have always been true. This heart of mine only beats for you. <U+2665>
she is so cute! And so long, I love it!
There just so happens to be a jungle gym across the street from my house
I mean I don't not not want KU to win ... Maybe...
You're right. Streets of Fire is a good movie.
gonna be a blowout...
i just wanted to mean something.
« « #Bears are holding a local Pro Day at Halas Hall today.»»
I loved the jacket, but needed another size.
What are you doing today?
Hoping to impress at dinner so & follow me. Wingmen=
Because David Simon's HOMICIDE is not yet on Instant even though it should be
Come to Holistic Arts Conference Feb 18, 10-6PM at 71 West 23rd Street, NYC. Enjoy a Day for Healing, Personal Transformation & Networking.
Cool! RT : Tech + #Logistics delivers help. UPS shares insights from Haiti relief Health + Humanitarian Log Conf today.
The cable box in my bedroom doesn't function on BET.... It's for the best.
lol what you been up to ?
Enjoying Joe Lovano's Bird Songs w/ Us Five. Saw Lovano and Us Five 2+ yrs ago in Village Vanguard. They have come a long way. Impressive!
IK!! Especially the bands
GUESS WHAT? I don't know.
its not a party till the cops show up!
Ok that answers my question :)
Pretty sure is the best place in Chicago for a quick lunch. Always delicious!
miss you too! I'm getting home sick I really miss y'all.
cause i can love you more than this<3
#QuarterbacksBetterThanRomo .. Stephen McGee!
#YouOuttaLine and now your house is in foreclosure; We can help!
Wow. I have my first basketball game tomarrow, and im sick. I feel like me head is gonna explode. Someones gonna have to hose me off the ...
Well my brother David's tennis team lost in the NCISAA state quarterfinals tonight. But they still had a great season with an 11-1 record.
Just hung out at the houston food bank. If you can donate time or food, please do. Visit www.houstonfoodbank.org to help.
I'm not even a Kobe fan. But seriously, the aren't down 50 and Lebron hasn't won THE hardware yet. Until then....
had a great time recapping the 300 !!!
"What happened to the French at Agincourt for $500, Alex."
thomas has his first TO of the game after matthews steals the ball
thanks for the 3 star review of Everytime We Say Goodbye in your March issue.
I like how every time the announcers say "New Mexico" it's like they're surprised to be saying it.
Sure. I'll send you my email address.
How many people can say that they have a relationship wher da love is present in everything that they do?
will i eat this whole bag of grapes in one day? maybe.
I'm stayin at the Cosmopolitan this time actually to check out their wrap around terrace suite
i hope i win that contest it would me the world to me n u followin me on twitter would mean alot to me<3
Drinking a hazed & infused w/ Great beer been wanting to try this for a while!
maybe cuz i chugged a medium iced coffee...
Looking for people to interview about policy decisions leading up to Proof Of Concept Centers @ universities
Great points, seriously and I will consider utilizing them. But Twitter is still the platform we choose to make it. Have a great day!
Fuck michigan state
Ill never lie to make you feel better, but Ill tell you the truth in hopes that it get's better!
"Don't be fooled by the calendar. There are only as many days in the year as you make use of."
To you im just another face in the crowd. To me your the only one I see <3
how do we get in touch w the kid who does those amazing books?
What you appreciate appreciates.
Thanks Tony! I am so looking forward to it too!
Awesome job compiling it all! Do you by chance have the data in a spreadsheet?
will start on borgias after I finish
you're right. I'm old; get confused.
Saints rocks!
1310 comes in just crappy enough in Wales that I can't understand any of the play by play for #badgers hockey.
you guessed it! But I love #MyBou!
I have to poop!
Thanks. I didn't know they had a public calendar option.
Niggas that act like girls <<<<< hell naaaaa
. Yeah, usually I'd say yes. But if he starts drinking, he won't remember if I was there or not. And it is our date night.
Picking Low-priced All inclusive vacation Vacation Packages ...
Politics? Don't even get me started...that's a subject that could be tweeted on from now until....Fact: They all Lie & we have to choose one
These songs are sounding killer.
the fam is doing well. My daughter is growing up. It's crazy man.
thanks got her she is such a great actress!
You know this is fault for saying UK might lose then would win a close one. Flip flopper.
I wish this weather was like this year round
And wow, not even your call center is helpful. Geico is over $100 less for the same coverage, sorry if you don't "believe it".
thinking of a father's day gift idea? go to www.threeapparel.com!
make two dreams come true but following me nd 38
I'm a prime candidate for the gene to receive the drug addict trait...
12 shots and no goals!! Go USA!!! #uswnt #world cup
ikr but no cz i mean he gt a history
I just saw 10 aligators within 1 minute... holy jesus.
I GET A COMPLIMENTARY BEAR??? Sign me up.
I see you everyday at school yet I've never talked to u. You want her, but I'd like to talk to you.msg me!!! <3
Its all in my head, I think about it over and over again
Today is 's bday!! Cheers to the man/assistant that would be lost without. Happy birthday sir :)
funny! hugs
don't be hatin *B rad voice*
Thats still in GA
If anybody at this awful kids party asks, my twitter name is unless that one is taken
“: All cows in the world have different patterns of spots and not a single one has them identical to another.” holy shit! $$$
5 more minutes! Hold on lads! I BELIEVE THAT WE WILL WIN! I BELEIVE THAT WE WILL WIN!
Bitches tryin to kick it like they Vicky B's husband
Officially missin' my baby. :\
wish I could have been there! Good luck in Oklahoma!
currently checking my Amazon account to see if a package has been delivered rather than going down the steps to the front door...
Lost my league with McGahee in it too
im aware
Just stepped out of the studio into Times Square for a break. The movie Soylent Green comes to mind.
Sometimes I rock at life. Sometimes I suck at life. Rarely am I just doing ok. Currently I suck - but storms always pass. :)
Thank you! see you soon. RT Fantastic lunch with the crew today.
def needa write a cover letter ------------blah. i dont wanna be a grown up..... not THIS soon anyways.
can I get a tweet for my birthday? :) <3 :D
Spinning at Skip Gibson's this Thursday along with resident DJ, Dj flashback. Get in free before 10. 18+
u ok?
Damn it, I'm catching a cold
Sometimes we have to take breaks from our hustle to make time for the important people in our lives.
Me n my bra fina get on des platniums
but cant sleep
Perfect “: Having a place to go is a home, having someone to love is a family, and having both is a blessing."
Cesare Lombroso~ Genius is one of the many forms of insanity.
Do you need Your Thoughts, LLC to #promote your #company every month? Contact us for details!
Tonight-Ashley's wine tasting; Wed-Erin Woods' open mic; Thurs-Young Jewish Professional Mixer; Fri-DJ Ryan Butcher, he's bad ass.
Thank You Love <3 XD YAY your my first follower for my Make-Up Artist page
Ill keep it simple for ya. Don't bother trying to play me, I'm a better player than you think. ;)
I'd be very leery taking advice that the #brewers season isn't over from anyone who writes blogs and wants people to read them all season.
Well, at least SOMEONE is happy about it...
i be following ppl then it unfollws on its own # sorry everyone
In the studio configuring simulated space for low toms, timpani and orchestral brass recorded in different sessions. The new track... holy.
i'm blessed taking care of my kids and taking care of bills. I'm good.
Thanks my friend :)
. not personally, though in some stores I have no signal, so maybe. #NewTech blocked signal discussion
are you going to see ? I wanna go.
E Young Jr slaps RBI single. No spot on roster secured, but is out of options.
Did you just say fried chicken cause I'm black? D;<
damn that tweet got so many retweets!
BOOM KD is the MAN nuff said
RT : if your "librarians still matter" argument doesn't mention readers advisory, you're doing librarians and readers a disservice
Break That Single is the business... We love indie music artist and would like to support in anyway possible...XRadio.Biz
Love me, maybe?
Ive got the red going w/ some chianti colli senesi, and I hope to mead the mead starter going w/ some craft beer.thnx agn!!
Having Barney Frank there makes me feel so much safer......What a relieve
$10 Discount on #OneMusicFest tickets thru the end of June. I'll be getting mine! It was one of the best concerts I attended last year.
Does it still count as a #Jerzdayyy celebration if I'm getting fucked up but going to miss the new episode?
Is your music writer Rob on Twitter? I need to give him an internet high-five about his choice for Album of the Year
Can I go home now?
The school's firewall SUCKS
rainy dayz go away so i can go outside and play! gonna work on cataloging my vinyl!
Was at 12th and Porter on Sunday to see & now, though.
which soundtrack album are you listening to?
Fuck the older guys that are more immature than my younger brother
I got that itis
well played, sir. :-)
Iight I'll talk to my mom this week and well figure out a good one...or three
#bullshit keep wishing I'm your momma at boxing. I OWN YOU.
Anothher days work : Helping with her metal work (decapitating people, worshiping satan, carving pentagrams in forehe ...
And posted it ONLINE.
How do I decide which events to attend at the ALA Annual Conference? Get help with this decision and more tomorrow at 4:30pm in Room P-206!
Hi Zach, thanks for the follow! Looking forward to your tweets. Like to be added to our public alumni twitter list?
Congratulations to the Carmel Winter Market at City Center. Great opening day! Over 500 visitors. Vendors pleased. Pedcor pleased.
President is in #SanDiego today! If you had the $38k required to ask him a question, what would you ask?
Thanks for the Mother's day wishes!
so the just stop in New Hampshire? No wonder NH motto is "Live Free or Die"makes sense
My pleasure! <3 ": Glad to know you're out there doing helping the cause!! Thanx!!”
. "Stress free" doesn't jibe with my experiences as a tech writer.
When I finally get to hang out with >>>>
if you say so.. I'm just thinking slightly overdone (possibly) I haven't fully decided yet!
This biology hallway smells like period blood tho.
haha yea man I miss it but the track coach didn't help me out
I don't follow and unfollow. I never go on this so i donno what it's doing.
My dad spells my name wrong. Shows how much we know each other.
We Love Janet Jackson T shirts!! Who wants Janet Jackson T-shirts????
I changed it immediately when I got first notification earlier today. Thanks for the note. Apologies for the DM...
Im 16 and im still getting dolls for christmas. I love my new ALOT!!!! <3 143!
RT : We rarely lose friends, we usually just figure out who our real ones are.
What does a girl have to do to get an interview with for her new show ? I mean seriously, what do I have to do?
Busy, busy day getting ready for the 3-to-6 Initiative Focus on Youth conference on Saturday!
calling reality show personalities fame whores and phonies is like saying the sun is too bright LOL
not sure on that one yet, but I'm thinking you should share if you find it!
Check out our new avator. It is so beautiful here.
I know haha. I follow him on fb because I liked his rap and he made a post today about his blog txt from bennett lol
Less is less...love that
I am the worst mechanic EVER!!
Paradise Fears, The Cab, The Summer Set, and Days Difference at The Emerson Theater on 1/31! Who is going? [=
Eating a salad is the same as working out, right? Don't answer that.
hanging at the lake
Does the viscosity of peanut butter not qualify as a liquid?
Hey penguins, it would be really awesome if you scored
keeps "accidentally" channel surfing by the Bikini All-Stars show..... ew
My lil bro haz a game 2day! If they lose , they go home. I hope they win!
They say that nobody is perfect. Then they tell you practice makes perfect. I wish they'd make up their minds.-- Wilt Chamberlain
ahh I'm so sorry <3
following me dats whats up young money cash money
Week 5- MindFirstFitness meets the Philosophy Day School Faculty. A discourse on 'contraindications for injuries and how to avoid them...'
your welcome
Why do I find these German E! Online headlines so amusing? Can't help it. "Werft einen Blick auf Kim Kardashians $7.000-Hochzeitstasche!"
RT : YouTube, Twitter, facebook and iTunes, Please let me sleep. sincerely, yours truly.
really really wish this series was avail on Netflix here.
music lacks substance nowadays think I heard all the #whippedkitchen music I can stand a oz is an oz f**k the cost..make it good and shut up
when a girl walks and a man whistles from his car i don't look back im human. not ur damn dog
Ok, whose idea was it to volunteer me to be fashion model today?! : Great turnout for fashion show at Simon Fashion Valley Mall
yeah yeah yeah, don't remind me!
Ohh man..sad face..
Thanks for following. Follow this guy and get some great tweets.
who could deny these butterflies. <3
you have come over to the dark side
I need to see that awesomeness in person someday. Not in a dark Chi nightclub either! lol
I know I'm pumped
Constructive thoughts reflect inner goodness aligned w/ angelic energy Constructive thoughts have color, shape and brilliance
Would love to partner with you, how can we move forward?
Either play the game or let the game play you and be that broke motherfucker talkn bout i stayed true-
There has never EVER been a day that I could just sit down and chill at home. There's always cleaning -.-
Well, you've ducked him like 4 times... RT I'm fighting Miguel Cotto on May 5th because Miss Pac Man is ducking me.
You know I'll want the "B" , necklace for sure, got my PayPal all figured out :) Soon, *few months* I'll want to commission you.
already said this.... but hey! :)
im dead serious if you say currdy it sounds like cody in an australian accent.
Ugh. Still tired despite coffee.
Well we could all see who the professor hates and adores
I wish I could say this was my last week of school.. #FML #SemesterExams :/
Great job w/ ...keep up the good work!!!
I don't know any other kind of nap! :p
My kids' idea of a hard life is to live in a house with only one phone. - George Foreman
Ahh! I was so confused, but thank yah! This is the first time I remember them blooming so much!
#followfriday worthy friends
Your My Backround On My Phone......I Bet You Feel Good
7th... when they realize its not just for the teacher the results are much better
6 out of 10 US consumers say they "Enjoy getting postal mail from brands about new product in the mail" Brandspark
heya wats up #bellathrone143 wat r u doing you rock can u tell me were you get ur clothes, cause you always dress fantastic LUV YA <3
Of "course!"
Sorry to hear that Brad Hamm, IU School of Journalism dean, is leaving for Northwestern. Enjoyed working with him on IN Journ. Hall of Fame.
Thanks for all the support from our followers!
"I been in this game for years, it made me a animal It's rules to this ish, I wrote me a manual"
RT : It's STC, not STW -- #lavacon communication is more than writing words
#IWantToBe getting ready for the Hunger Games premiere. But I'm not freaking going.
Ok, I admit it: I want Google+. An invite would be greatly appreciated if possible:
Omg! I can't wait to see our master piece!!! <U+2764> U!!! RT“: Total #FABULOUSNESS working w today!
stop talking about it :( I will give you some of my medicine and you will be fine tho ;)
Im kinda on some I dont give a fuck type shit...
is it me or did we somehow sneak over the 2000 threshold? don't tell MR Tweet Guy
yes. actually, i do know where you're going. you taught me these type of thins when i was 7...
good stuff, Deena. Hey, does "One Life, No Regrets" have a Kickstarter thing?
is she ok?
Keep Austin Archives: Dr. Gracy on the Texas Archives of 1842 and Today: bit.ly/n4u1Gh [via iSchool You and SAA-UT]
My wittle toes are cold
our poll in MD had 64% supporting a fee. I think these HI numbers are amazingly low.
There seems to be fewer places in the world to be a dictator of a country yet there are many still practicing at the individual level!
Congrats for turning "A New Turn in the South" into a James Beard Award!
More holistic vision for grad work? MT : students see chance for leadership as keeping them from finishing degrees?
i doubt hes just gonna come out and say hes bi
Wrestling in the am sure why not it's been a while.
Looking for oncoming traffic after you have crossed the street while talking on your phone is not the way it works!
alright John Q
Literally am going to kill my landlord for providing us with such SHITTY Internet.
When big music artists ask ya to "Ghost Write" for them, means they want the hit song with all the bragging rights.
Gasol can actually make shots
it would be awesome if u followed me :)
Mexican Fisherman Chorizo and Egg Party Platter
Sometimes it's great to watch a game with no rooting interest. This #Braves #Rockies game is insane.
u r right
Anyone selling a ticket for tonight??
Until they create working definitions for these NBA awards I really can't get too invested in their significance.
Our ferrets have a new home! Yaaay! (Also: THAT was quick!)
Have to give props to my entrepreneurship professor for his tailgate; never had gourmet omelets and orange juice mixed with champagne before
FYI I was joking about the first part well it would be nice to have one.
I was in stress lately but I'm doing good now.
A "squirm" of museum professionals.
Jailed again I see! lol You and I must tweet the same amount to get jailed at the same time lol
Always fall asleep with subtle thoughts of you right next to me...
Hey Los Angeles! Go check out tonight at The Satellite! They will be playing some new songs and it will be epic!
I like trains.
I wish I had more friends on twitter. :(
S/O to the gym door for fighting back against me and
Saw "Cabin In The Woods" today, and it was absolutely delightful! Thanks for not spoiling it for me, everybody!
With the coolest guy Ever
I get the NY times alerts . Really annoyed-nothing about #OWS protests but i get news about the Cardinals beating the Rangers?? WtF?
I hate running after the #mbta it's a bus STOP!
I DO NOT recommend red salsa day after anal...just sayin
That is a great idea, my friend! Enjoy :-)
What if...
Confirmed--all precincts reporting. >> Results from Dallas County show overwhelming support for Nowitzki.
How have you been hombre? We need to catch up ASAP fool!
got my first catalogue with special effects equipment and life casting materials. So excited. Wish I had money!
Boom One Records newest release by Hope Massive, "Itani" is now available on Beatport!
The Material Girl is singing at Super Bowl XLVI Halftime in 2012. That's right Madonna is performing and it will be LEGEND wait for it DARY!
LOL...please chk in on the regular so I know if I need to send 911
Now I think bout it, I wanna a basketball wife..
Anymore news on the Mets?
try not to call them ladies B's but them hoes swarming.
yo but Howard in the heat would be amazing lebron in the magics lol idk
I'm doing great.. just on the road to my birthplace
hah i dunno most Asian women i know age gracefully...my old professor she was in her 60s but looked super young for her age.
Happy Holidays everybody!!
Pushing dirt!
Happy #FF to you! Enjoy this beautiful day ;) RT :
Loving the beautiful weather here in DC.
knew two dis
I keep on dreaming about Hawaii idk why
but they didn't like that I was focusing energy on other girls... It was selfish
Thanks for RT and for the follow. Love the bio!
congrats on the lease. i'll raise a glass with you all on friday.
Catalog Now! #NDSA Jack Brighton's bumper sticker for radical librarians
I thought you must be watching this when I saw your fb status. #fullapproval :)
I just want to feel what it feel likes to have an older sibling because I'm the eldest.
And while we're on the topic, isn't the role of vs. American media a more interesting discussion than the tired topic of tweeting?
<---- this rain making me feels sleepy. *Shrugs*
other options: do more than one thing, do a very simple thing, change meaning of "wide", change your standards.
So know the feeling, but yes please do bother, so I can listen to you & think the same.
Another Day Another Dollar!!
Yeah there's quite a few Preds fans around here. You also get the big two regional teams (Hawks and Wings) fans too.
Bench all my own!
Hyper-Competition Returns to Enterprise Networking...
Hey - great meeting you. Love what you're doing with - everybody watch what they launch next!
Apple fights back! Makes fake commercial in which Ellen can't figure out her sexuality.
notice me out of 20million #BELIEVE 12
“I think there's just one kind of folks. Folks.” <U+2015>To Kill a Mockingbird; Happy Birthday, Harper Lee
I nailed it.
Annoyed that Twitter only lets us have 10 lists: I need like 15. I have a huge list in a text-file of all my peeps that are into
I'm the girl with the bacon tattoo.
Happy Birthday Mama G!
Feel free to send us a DM with details.
Good chance of showers today. -- Bathroom Forecast.
In these streets tonite!! Im too much like my mama..lol. Dont have to work till 9pm tmrw! Bang!
I bet! Especially if you are travelling.
Damn! 23.4K followers. Not bad! I think you only had a few hundred when I started following you. Nice work buddy
that's stupid I'm like the WHITE!!! Michael Jordan.
and you one in a billion<33
Good morning! I'm thinking brunch sounds delish.. Anyone else?! #brunch #it'sallgood
Baruch College students speak over 110 languages and represent 160 countries.
So exciting to have so much support! Love you guys! Muah!
And does fall asleep to Paul Simon music pretty consistently.
Obama, Boehner, Reid, McConnell & Pelosi must all appear together on Make a deal on live TV or explain this stalemate.
At Riverwest Public House for $10 all you can drink Sprecher / Great Lakes Distillery with
...so you can still ENJOY OUR LABOR DAY SALE and stock up on all your yoga/activewear essentials! stay safe!
working on May sweeps
So true. And now we're eating popcorn, so she's really playing up the puppy dog eyes!
checkout www.muzlink.com/ Amariah my email is
ok I'll check em. Dm me your email again
ABSOLUTELY! A good choice. So many books to choose from.
hoping the throwback jerseys and big silver chain makes a comeback this week for the rap...
#Beautiful pic...I wanna go!!!!!!
#StaySafe #Tip: Choose a study #abroad / #travel program that is willing to disclose their #safety record in full. If they won’t – don’t go.
Everyone follow He follows back!
Hello my wildcats!
An Actor's Mantra....ish RT : Language creates reality. Words have power. Speak always to create joy.
It aggravates me how much judgement and self-righteousness still exists in the world. Shame on those who said he deserved it RIP Joe Paterno
I hate it when people ask famous people to retweet there stuff about something stupid that prolly isn't even true...
My dad just told me I suck after posting that on FB! LOL.
how was your thanksgiving?<3
are you still in SEA tomorrow?
I hate when I get all panicky... I hope that I have no reason to be. #praying <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
Anything released in association with the RIAA is fair game for steals. Fuck those bastards.
The magic of twitter- discovered that was at the / Alere demo at #SHRM11 - SMALL WORLD! more to follow at the tweet-up
lawn isnt that bad. i had it at lil wayne! the concert's still a lot of fun <3
"Thats We Are The In Crowd." "No its potato." "Oh i love that band."
Going to go watch stupid television. Yes, at 2:40 in the morning. Because is the slowest slow thing to ever slow.
It's the Great Snowman, Charlie Brown
it'll be okay. It's nerves and apprehension. Deep breaths.
2 weeks before classes begin! Need to change a class/build a schedule? The Registrar's schedule Builder app in the student center can help.
Wanna b in Little Italy, and watch the National Championship Tonight, Check Maxi's Bar! Sip on a Cocktail, enjoy a Calamari, or Maxis Pizza
193 followers in just 3 days...wow...I am impressed! -Jared
open house 2day!
aww. thx for the weekend mentions you're the bestest!
imma kill you
it's LAKERS time
Who falls asleep in restaruants?
agree with worried about extending into highered
I won a free book! I never win free stuff. Like, ever. I usually win stuff that costs me money or blood.
DQ soft serve + succotash = welcome to Minnesota.
What's good yo? ... What does it take to get a beat from Gmo?
Tebow and Rex Ryan should be an interesting combo. NFL drama is the best reality TV anywhere.
hahahaha never that you look cute but young lol
The lyrics to this song is just too legit right now.
So tempting. Photoshop CS6 has some nice upgrades for web designers.
Wow! Percy Grainger's The Warriors. Who knew?
Day 2 tomorrow.
even the people who never frown eventually break down.
The weather is prime for that right now.
Tyler Perry said Whitney loves the Lord
This song rocks: just listening 2 #afterlife on
Thanks for the RT yesterday!
lol Yup!! Wow time flies when you're having fun!
Come on, lol.
Life isn't about waiting for the storm to pass... It's about learning to dance in the rain ~ Author Unknown |
well now you got me interested ;)
Especially mine. I'm not a delicate typist.
I like this move RT : Quinn Johnson traded to Titans for undisclosed draft pick, according to Titans.
Beautiful :) RT : Pause for Prayer: When I turn to you in prayer, God, you untie my burdens and heal my spirit. Glory be to you!
I want a statement shoe
runner up from last series. Haven't watched since. seems like a good choice?
Going to try to hammer through the rest of the walkthrough this weekend, then a 108 stars list guide
can i get a shout out :)?
Gas aint free!!!
Just came back from a #P90X #CoreSynergistics workout. Good change of pace for a weekend workout.
You're welcome - a great event! "Great job by on our #CITEconf app! Social, collaborative, & fun!"
probably not, but it does exist.
life doesn't always deal you a good hand, its up to you to learn how to play that bad hand well
Hell to the yeah.
Continuous playback is part of the #nextsoundcloud, allowing you to browse while listening
I still bump that mixtape like krazy
You will never know the true value of moment until it becomes a memory
thank you lenny for the trianing site and the calls you are really rocking peoplestring!
I think i love ice cream
You could always hire a consultant to teach the teachers, based on school policy and best practices.
Any time I see a beautiful, successful woman, I think, wow! Not too long ago you were just a rib who loved apples! Life, huh? What a thing!
Long but great day today. As always, God is at work. His winks were obvious. Oh...at what is on the horizon. Game changer...world changer.
hahahah! Love it. Sam is so cute, haha.
Today in school...Student: Mr. Roberts, why does everybody say "Lebron James doesn't have a ring"?
"We want to make sure contaminated reusable bags into restaurants". Um... there are germs everywhere all the time.
that was THE best wake up ever!
i love you man<3 we got plenty more fucking insane years ahead of us. this year was nuts.wouldnt change it in any way
Yay gonna go out to eat ^_^
Peace out #muncie... I'm not from #Houston but I rap a lot... Texas bound time to get warm
all good, have a safe trip! One of these days we will rock another show together I am sure. We will try and hold down SF for you!
What is the "cinnamon challenge"?
About an hour and a half to coach bus liberty? I hope so.
You've got to be kidding - RT : Vice President Joe Biden says the sitcom “Will & Grace” helped change perceptions about gay rights
really really well.... with a few glasses (read boxes) of wine ;)
Hey Michelle! :) Just wanted to swing by and say Hi to one of Dive's biggest supporters!
UPDATE please UPDATE: 0 A.D. The king killed all new borns 2000 AD You give them a nice dose of mercury to keep them like nice little sheep
Real eyes, Realize real lies.
Dude I'm with you my man. Those are some of the best songs of all time. Best Rapper Alive, Tha Mobb /Cc
is it true makes you money! Well damn merry Xmas spread the wealth! Ggggggguint
u should try out at alot of places
I'm doing well! Sorry for the late reply, I was in the car. I've gained weight too. I'm gonna hit it hard in January too
I'm good, how's Atlanta treating you so far?
he is doing some mean batting too
damn right. Sometimes it's cool and other times it just blows dick
“: Either you run the day or the day runs you. ~Jim Rohn #quotes”
I find it so cute when the whitest boys like mixed girls
Good to know! RT Vintage Brews appeared to have a soft launch last night.
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B0> boo RT : Scalabrine in arena interview: "Don't know if that was my last shot, but it was same spot as MJ hit his last shot"
Nah, I'll just regret it in the morning.
Convincing yourself that you don't give a fuck anymore, is one of the hardest things you can ever do.
So you went while napping
Thank you, David! I truly love working for the Eden Prairie Fire Dept. A great organization, well-led at all levels.
Watching Iron Man with Viggle Sat | 19 | FX Get real rewards just for watching TV.
is it a comic adaptation?!
Scotty: "Captain Qirkzy Enterprise can not take it anymore...I'm givin' er all she's got."
O Frabjous day! Found the first bottle of Fluffy White Rabbits of the spring!
Even though I handled a sick daughter and put together her big-girl bed, I still managed to grade a revised draft. Woo!
Look like buffalo wild wings the movement for the night
Watching Get Smart.
I don't care what anyone thinks, I'm having chocolate chip ice cream for dinner. That said, I'm ready to dine!
damm u's bouta pull an all nighter? i cant be doing that anymore unless i'm with my girl or something. lmao real talk.
Some one should be hang at Penn state
We are the boys in motion
It was so great to see Kathy Fredgren. What a wonderful time we had!
Droideley seemed nice last time I used it. Let me know what you think.
Ooh, good to know! Thank you. I'll update that now.
Q. Why don't women wear watches? A. There's a clock on the stove!
Yay! So glad you like it, Thanks for coming out to see my little corner of the CSS world :).
June 1st! :) When's yours?
The Library Roadshow should come visit us at the Escondido Public Library.
Are you an employee or a mercenary? As fewer Americans are employees, the dyamics of the workplace change dramatically.
When will keep his old promise and move to France/Canada/somewhere else.
W.beyondthescoreboard.net where do people feel like this is so much of a revenge game when Kyle orton asked to leave
the tupac hologram at coachella strikes me as this generation's rock-a-fire explosion animatronics at showbiz pizza
give me a shout for PERM IT/Software folks!
I'm so excited about going all Andrew Jackson on BofA and calling them a many-headed hydra of corruption
let me see that when you finish up sir
CA tour and debut EP plans in the works! so far, April 27 at and April 28 at
please tell me your joking.
i just realized I missed DWTS tonight! Darn it. When you're busy u miss so much. A good reminder 2 slow down & enjoy what's around u! xo
S/o to u big bruh. the future is bright on both ends,just anxious to collab wit u and make HISTORY
#DCfunfact! The Statue of Freedom on the Capitol looks small, but it’s actually 19 feet 6 inches tall & weighs approximately 15,000 pounds!
So Happy! :D
I have never sleep this late..
Mcdonald's breakfast >>>
I love you too beautiful<3
hopefully tweets again tonight, but I dont know that will mean shes tweeted 3 days in a row, unusual 4 her
cool, well there has been 16 yrs of playoffs, and all I know about you making the playoffs is that we OWN you in them.
Perfect weather, goin on a run!
RT : Museums change the way we look at things and think, they revitalise people and cities
Busy in the kitchen again... day two of pies!
Same thing happened to me once (screen broke, not sure whose fault), and they replaced for free!
What did you have for dinner?? Hope it was great...
When you rock at something, never do it for free!
CeCe McDonald just took a plea deal. She gets manslaughter and up to 3.5 years in prison for defending her life from a violent bigot.
hey!!! You back in school yet?
I figured you and the mrs would be on honeymoon mode, but if you're offering...
Stats is blowing my mind right now. To do a dependent or independent t-test... that is the question.
..it's just disheartening to me. The internet can and should be used for good but instead it's an extension of these annoying personas..
dm me your number
d'awww, baby, wuvs you to
Dear stop pussy footing around and just say that you're the president for ALL Americans, not just the straight ones.
Hitting the woods early! Need to get a camera to film hunts!
Ps3 OR X Box???
How did you'd meeting with the board go?
Low battery. Happy Afternoon to all. Will tweet back when in NY. ;)
Not complaining. The principals of shooting are the same, whether it's an HD camera or a B&W camera from the 1940s.
aren't they all??
I don't vote
I cant explain it but DIVINE DIRECTION lets me know that I am on the path
haha ill have to check it out
I really wish I understood this convo lmaoo !
Happy Birthday Vanessa!!!! You look good as always and u don't look your age. You are one of the greatest moms in the world!!
have a GREAT Monday!!
Boo! RT : Lets go patriots!!
In Syracuse, Halloween is a winter holiday, apparently
You know when I go to bed this early something's wrong #sick #goodnight <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><U+270C>
holy fuck i cannot "name the property illustrated in each equation" fuck this
So sad to hear Teena Marie has passed away. RIP Lovergirl!
you should grab you a laptop and some turntables
I use to. We moved once my sister was born Well she actually my cousin but we call her my sister since our aunt adopted us.
I meant i guess no
#sharkweek We're going to need a bigger boat, it's Shark Week!
"He needs to be demoted. He can't pitch. He sucks."
Ta da!!!! Super moon!
Sounds like a hot story. Maybe you can tell it to me and then I can pitch it to you and then you can write about it.
Hehe. I bet you look adorable getting all shy. Smooch :)
just to save 25 sec
Joliet, IL you guys rocked tonight!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
Heyy! What's going on?! Love you :)
I'm so excited for the weekend! :D
Surprised at 1st MLB game. Braves? Phillies? Nats? RT At my first professional baseball game and enjoying it. We need runs ASAP!
Chuck Brown - The Party Roll
I have my tickets for "The Avengers" tonight! Beyond psyched to see Loki tear it up!
Just recorded my #survivor review. and boy its a long one. will have it up in a few.
stations also need to tell a story about their value to the comm., beyond just a big stick. can't do that with pl. virts
It's a perfect week for it! Enjoy!
Trying to love our enemies, while remembering the innocent people they murdered, all of our heroes and those who protect us today.
TRAFFIC - Hwy 151 Between Hwy G & Hwy S (South of Beaver Dam) closed due to a previous rollover accident - traffic is being rerouted.
who's going to the #UWGB vs BUTLER game tonight ?
wifey in pool.
Damn no demand at all? Now I can see why you guys aren't coming over here. I'd really like to see you guys live sometime tho
The restaurants take those fees out of the tips servers get from those, which is why I always tip in cash if I use my card or not.
why are four things about sex trending?
u up what's da move sleep when u die lol
Similarly, I burn 20s! RT : When young and impoverished, Pablo Picasso kept warm by burning his own paintings.
I'll wake up at 6. Be out of the house by around 7. Go to Starbucks for my daily coffee. I'll be at school by 8!
"where does she park her spaceship?"
Thanks for the #FF!!
Lovely image!
thank you..... But I don't think so: (
I DONT KNW WHY PEOPLE ARE COMING TO TWITTER WIT THEY RELATIONSHIP PROBLEMS #KEEP THAT SHYT ON FACEBOOK
Then stop tweeting & take car of it lol!
Got that new mix/master over to you... Check your email and/or the Dropbox folder
Take a nap.
Mention Twitter at ROUFUSPORT & your 1st month is FREE & we'll take 50% off the enrollment fee!! Ask about our family plans!! 414-453-5425
what kind of hateful person can tweet (much less think) something like that? What a sad life that girl must lead.
Just followed
Its been raining/cloudy for the past 2 weeks now & all this weather makes me wanna do is sleep.
Whos going to the steelers fan fest next saturday?
Ok by yall
How u been?
Thanks for your kind words.
Twitter showing that Nugget Nectar has landed in the Philly area at and Capones
Had a fun recording session today w/ & . We made kickstarter reward improvs. Gonna go mix them now.
God thank you for protecting Isaiah and I..we shouldn't be here after what just happened
Start posting cute Easter pics of the kids... please ;) RT : Happy Easter to you too!
. this is why i need more Twitter followers.
Thanks~~ I have more to getcha soon! I just moved my office & am getting settled, but I'll have a bunch sent in a week or so!
I don't want no stinking burgers...
Your hand on my shoulder, a meaningless movement
Major News! Golf Quests, Inc. (parent company of My Golf Concierge) just partnered with Golfweek Magazine to offer an exclusive deal for al…
Okay guys. When kenzie and i skype tonight we will decide on our #RObot winner. thanks for being patient!
is the moving screen no longer a foul if it is done against duke? This is getting ridiculous...
One crazy dude is smelling up this entire BART train. Whoa.
Get yourself a Leap Year gift. Its a once in a every four years chance. "Many Waters/Many Floods" $4.99 on iTunes!
When I see people do cross fit training at la fitness I lol. Enjoy no gains
Great Night at SigEp, Really starting to feel like a brother
I don't understand why center grove and greenwood girls r fighting. U guys r putting ur selfs on each others level please stop fighting. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
#ThreeWeeks till our jolly off to begins.
idc as long as is happy
If you don't like my words, don't listen. If you don't like my appearance, don't look. If you don't like my actions, turn your head.
Did you go to the Jimmy Buffett concert last night @ RoseGarden? what was your favorite part of the concert?
Dear Internet People: What is some of the best or worst dating advice you've received from your mom? For a project... and also for my life.
Shouts 2all the moms grocery shopn
I'm officially a fan of One Direction.
I keep calling my puppy and kittens, puppito and kittenito. Makes me think of you! I miss you!
Is it nice there?
Having two tests tomorrow and one of them is in first period.
is impossible that you see this tweet but im from uruguay and i have a dream that never will come true but im trust12343
Glad you enjoyed it too!
At TED and listening to Reid Hoffman, founder of LinkedIn. Thought this was a good place to share that! :) He's one of 80 riveting speaker…
gotta grind so fukin hard that shit bring u to tears
#nowplaying Jason Mraz - I Won't Give Up. so so pretty!!
thanks again for getting me my lost holiday cards to quickly! they have gotten rave reviews!!!
u know how we do Lil bruh, u hear big bruh doe??? :-) yea
Great, I am in the wrong apartment. That is embarrassing.
Oops I mean never return # fail
my FBB team name is ACL Damage for my own injury, but I may just change it to Brewers.
AJ McLean And His New Wife Are Having A Baby Some celebrities have their publicists dispense baby news and others use an interview to sur
I really just don't care anymore.
The porn bots are my favorites. I just wish one of them would bite the bullet and call herself Anita Cox.
Chilling for some Quality Matters rubric training. Looking forward to using it with the Impact Grants
Our wings - now 50% bigger!So basically you're getting 1.5 wings for price of 1.And you don't have to be a math wizard – that's a good deal.
Your welcome! :)
If it makes you feel any better, the exhibits totally stink.
I fucks with that original version of blackenedwhite with a 64 mp3 thrown in there
Congratulations on the launch!!! We are definitely glad to hear that!
A bar is a social place,not a nursery. Spill a #beer, clean it up. Drop a glass, ask the staff to clean it up, then blame it on someone else
those are the three best movies<3 we love our little Joshy
Hossa was skating with his head down!! It's a CONTACT sport, you know that...Hockey & football is turning to a tag sport!
Hey you're making a big mistake cancelling The Finder. Bring it back for a 2nd season!! The fans want it!
Eve Jewels is donating a portion of their sales to us & giving u free shipping!
. Hey! Isn't "a better way" 's ad campaign?!
HAPPY CHAMPAGNE THURSDAY!!!! A chilled glass of bubbly topped off with blueberries would be perfect right now.
SF fans trying to will Lincecum out of the inning with Aramis Ramirez in 3-2 count with 2 outs and bases drunk; crowd on its feet
grand panama city beach resort and hell yeah
Taking contraception is still voluntary. If catholic bishops are confident of their position just ask their followers not to take it.
I'll be right over
dont u want to wait and vote for the best dancers?!
Hi everyone.
Message in saliva..interesting and good to know
watching nyc 22 on cbs so far its pretty good
Don't miss #PLA12 Trends in Genre Series, 2pm all-star lineup of our authors plus
Wow, what is Eddie's job status now? I actually hate NBA, but really how slow&methodical can u really play w/a 24 second clock.
to be specific, you articulate the "p" (put lips together), but don't release the puff of air, I'm a speech therapist, lol!
popping in to say hi! how are you tonight?
Osama Bin Laden is dead!!! Justice has been served!!!
“: we got another one for you. Are you back in town? #damiesNrunnies”
Great conversation -- the project will certainly benefit from your insights
Great minds think alike, I guess?
Tactic for victory = devouring supporters.
havent been on here in forever lol{:
Just picked up in Madden 12 with the Bears
#ireallywant a pet penguin<f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00A7>
so happy to b home
This is the longest dry streak (14 days) The Locks Law Firm has gone w/o filing a lawsuit, gotta expect one by week's end.
already bro I see you, just lemme know when you ready we doing major concerts out here mayne!
TOMORROW The Plot to Blow Up the Eiffel Tower, I Am the World Trade Center, Ted Nugent $9
Happy 3.14159265358979323846264338327950288419716939937510 Day! (Special thanks to my Geometry teacher for a # I can't forget)
Good morning XD
thank u so much. Its ok if not, I can wait and see it online when y'all give us that pleasure. Im excited for the show :)
Man, new Linkin Park blows.
dude, worlds collide: run a conf
YES, exactly!
a real throwback would be a Hey Arnold marathon, Rocko's Modern Life, etc.
Stay Humble and Hungry!
Question 1 ~ This one is easy! What is Austin's favorite color?!(:
Things do not change; we change. ~Henry David Thoreau
sat and sun
CONGRATS MY NIGGA !!!! DO YO THING!
4 and a half shows left. Yes at intermission now. How wrong is this to be texting during a show.
Wait till you visit Houston, haha
"That lady looks like a pony" says the 4 year old. Please tell me it's just the hair.
I love sleeping <U+2764>
Looking for someone with strong benefits experience interested in an Enrollment Coordinator/Special Projects Manager position - 35-40K!
Try me.
They Played Frank Ocean- Thinking Bout You on the radio>>>>>> woo
Librarians meeting at Downtown library at noon to march together to Capitol. wiunion
Cleaning the garage out
dude…i was amazing. I had to learn 'Smile' for a wedding last year with , I need to get an orange blazer now...
Another great resource! Thank you!
I like rob dyrdeks fantasy factory
What's wrong with it? Lol. RT : RTing a tweet and responding to it in your own tweet >> haha
": "Suppose we had..." #math #mrD" if I hear that one more time...
#sschat Thinking about having my students create an on-going #wikispaces for the school year utilizing different web 2.0 tools, good idea?
What a good last full day in LA! Toured access hollywood and host extraordinaire talked to the class. Back to chi in 1 day :)
just talking shit lol how are you?
Pet Peeve: People who have no motivation to better themselves in anyway and then rely on everyone else
I can haz too? “: bring your bike up to sac and we can go on a bike riding buckhunter all city tour!”
On my way to another cold city!! GR here I come :)
Any ideas..searching for a delicious restaurant in Milwaukee
that. Is. Awesome. Oh, and can't wait to see you!
On flipside, this is why a platform ppl rally around is great: "We are constantly improving Armstrong" -- yes, I'll take that
Today in 1979, Andrew Lloyd Webber opens #Evita on
#Oomf is Bouta get the whole cold shoulder -__-
Enjoy! RT : : My Wilcotour2012 starts tonight!
I put my phone down, come back to RT n my @ disappeared...
RT : Quite a few DJs need to worry less about matching clothes and more on matching beats and that is the Gospel
Bored in my 2nd period
As a newcomer to Facebook Fan Pages, I find it a little frustrating, anyone else? But women are powerful and I too will endure.
Follow your passion & live off of inspiration.
New Asus Zenbook for work, love getting new tech on a Friday!
What TV show made your childhood? :3
Hmm. Someone is threatening legal action for comments on my blog. Anybody have precedents out there?
I so enjoy April showers. Something just makes them so peaceful.
And oh, we're "click-y." Apparently none of these people were given a sense of humor with their MLIS.
Writing a grant for a new opera that combines gender as performance, government funded zoos and a house of very troubled frauleins
RT : If u have flyers or Promo items u need marketed out in atlanta call 404 593 0914 ... Budgets only
Then i take back my last statement. i thought it was just $350 k. The $1 million would hardly cover what needs to be done..
Don't you think fans and media have right to criticize their teams poor decisions?
Buenos Dias :)) Today you should have some Pineapple.
cartoons are the shit!
except it wasnt me, it was my better half, today.
Man its been a min!!! I can't wait til the 5 o'clock
Thank you! i earned my legendary status
Seattle: how it is possible I can love you, hate you, and also not be bothered to give a damn about you, depending on the day?
RIP to my homie Nate Dogg- I hear all Doggs go to heaven.
talking to my best friend jackie on skype(:
now I remember why I hate finals week so much. Probably shouldn't have spent 8 hours watching movies yesterday
Great film tour you produce! Read about 'cause of Anne Makepeace's We Still Live Here. Can't wait to work with you in few years.
AND MY MOM ISN'T PICKING UP THE PHONE D:
wow...is the state that severely divided? How do both sides co-exist on other issues? Never underestimate evangelicals
drawing up some logos tonight, t shirts on the way!!!
Happy Easter everyone (:
About to get dressed.
Right back at ya, Noland!
I'm a sucker for mystery and thrillers
"you like your guitar more than your vagina."
that is so sweet :) makes me so proud!!!
hate = unacceptable
Mendelssohn's Elijah features the stunning reply to the peoples feverish petition to Baal to aid the people... complete silence
All that money, the money is the motive. Girl, put in work, girl, girl put in work.
Is your HS senior graduating next year? Create memories that last a lifetime with one of our portrait packages.
You've read Thomas Tweed? I need to revisit him. Had very mixed feelings about Crossing and Dwelling.
All SKC so far.
Whew! Just finished the last graduation announcement. Congratulations to all grads! Commencement just one week away ...
Knows the real fountain of youth is to have a dirty mind and a naughty smile..
do you like being an actress?
RT : "Rejoice in hope, be patient in tribulation, be constant in prayer." Romans 12:12
I caught smoking weed.
thats whats fcked up about it, it doesnt need to be. haha oh ok. good one.
us too! Thx
Kevin heart is a funny kat got my side hurting
my bed is calling me. night:)
what time
HAHAHA! tuuuuunahhh! that's so fun to say! and lololol i love us! why do we cause a scene everywhere we go? -_-
I had an insensitive and inappropriate response to this all set to go. I'll just leave it at "GOTS 2 BE".
and they were way b4 ur time
You’ve got to get to the stage in life where going for it is more important than winning or losing.
Dear God when I'm #fighting with my alter ego #Please let Hillary win and not Martisha
Honduras just got lucky... Mexico hits the post in the 86th minute...
The ignorance, arrogance, and denial of clearly marks him as totally unfit to serve the people. I throw my shoes at you, sir.
Aw, hi!! Thank you so much!! RT I love "Stupid and Seventeen". I cant stop listening to it!!!!!! :)
Getting pumped for tonight!! Ready to start the new year right!
I have no problem with acknowledging another pretty female :p
Cinco De Mayo Celebration Tomas tonight @ 7:30 for dinner and drinks. Meet us Senor Tomas!
i'm on book
If the Sixers beat us, I will admit to crying in the locker room and never having the ability to be as good as Jordan.
My heart sank after hearing the news of Japan
What did you think of Taylor Swift's performance of "MEAN" ?
AT DA SAME DAMN TIME!!! AT DA SAME DAMN TIME!!! AT DA SAME DAMN TIME!!!
are you really takin it next year? And because dnt u have 3rd with her lol?
What is art?... Self actualization peppered by influence and shaped by time. Just a thought.
Thanks so much for the mention. Keep in touch!!!
Off to see Cabin in the Woods with I have high expectations after all the hype. I highly doubt I will be disappointed.
when you coming back to beertown bill e? We miss you!
Okay, okay, okay...I am officially done with horoscopes. Don't ask!
I tweets her to much....im so jelous ;/
Whoa...GOOD to hear ur an iOS Developer now!
I mean at least you know you got an a for negotiating with your crush
I can't say how excited I am that you are following me! I've got so much respect for you! :-)
Karen, definitely. You?
How mny peeps r on twitter at 1:07 in the morning?? True ICONiacs r!!!! TeeHeee
Context for my tweet is that I no longer work in publishing so I am allowed such misuse of the word.
thanks for the
cool! BTW, what happened to the Grizzly's? Was actually pulling for them.
My May Day started with me biking to work. My body now hates me. But it won't soon. Good luck out there, warriors.
What a gorgeous sun rise this morning, #rva! (via ) Indeed!
You'll get over it just like Larry Bird!
Agree. I have lurked when my main interest is to follow and get info. Jumping into discussion can distract.
Not soon enough! I love SF though, and try to get there at least a couple times a year to see friends.
2000 tickets out for Fridays show at club firestone! We hope your coming out.
I think the most ignorant thing you can do is negatively judge someone you have never spoken to in your life.
Uh this gonna be a rough couple weeks
Pivotal Tracker all the way! :)
Our 2012 Legislative Agenda was approved this morning. Will post here shortly.
I am SERIOUSLY loving this weather. It feels like spring!!
Getting into the swing of ios5. A new friendship begins. Lovin new notifications and camera controls
Jusss got off work! Going home and taking a nice hot bath! Whoo, goodnight tweeps!
Can't wait to read it next! : My #fridayreads is Alison Bechdel's ARE YOU MY MOTHER? ”
haven't looked yet but thx in advance for this. signed, bad day.
You might want to rethink that gmail profile picture of you, bikini-clad, in a swimming pool, when sending a query. Just saying.
Yeah... I didn't think that would do Anything.
Ready for a relaxing weekend.
Back to the grind.
damn I get unfollowed?! Keep it real fam!
And a great show followed by a delish meal at the Modern. Craftstravaganza and pot roast, perfection!
This discussion has PAWWWWWWWL written all over it.
#SMWcampaign: - Are people more powerful? Hard to find signal through noise in #socialmedia - most shouting unheard into void?
Now following
How do hurricanes see?-With one eye
Soo this guy Kony and LRA has been at large since the 70's...why now is pop culture paying attention?
Looked awesome!
I have Lived world of Personal Development My whole life. You...ROCK!...Quick question on presentation and structure
Trying to straighten out invoices with Lyrasis. It's not easy.
Hey J.W. and Plax says Big Ben is his favorite QB! Geez
Stay close to your computer tomorrow! Not only do I have a great feeling about hitting 500 fans but we have more surprises for you!
Looks like another boring Friday night for this guy
RT RT if you believe in miracles.
11th grade astronomy class. We watched tv all day. Our oct band trip scheduled for NYC was then changed to new Orleans.
cant wait to get a job
Tried your boss to no avail...How about amending HR1070 to exempt offers under $5m from state regulation?
It'll be tough to make - this is my last weekend to pack. I promise we'll hang before I go in 2 weeks :)
UM you should probably twitter yourself in private RT : RT : RT : hi
hes about to leave soon u should do a YouTube video with him
"I can be all you need, wont you please stay with mee?"
Art is Luminous! Answer our FB trivia to win a family pass !
your tweets are amazing, just like you <3
Economic obsolete not an issue over looking LA River Center Street Hguhes Tech Towers Fiber Optics DEC Web OS
u r wlcome
Re: Frozen Bike Rack Kick it....pour warm water on it....Leave the bike at home cuz if the rack is frozen it's too damn cold! ;)
Elliot really shouldn't leave his cell phone where people can find it, what with him being a pigfucker and all.
Love your perspective - you inspire me
fight against us but our team is too deep & our defense is too strong. The bench is showing them that right now in the 4th.
gone off a fifth and it's not even noon;P
have Mike change the name of the show to the "Phil Dawson Show" for a day
That awkward moment when your scuba diving and you see adele rolling in the deep
RT You know me too well! I had a good laugh. may just be my new read for the running season!
See ya there!
Snow coming down. Take back what I told #meganmcglover. :D Fundraiser 4 ABQ! Go 2 store & buy up all tbl salt & donate 2 city. Clr the roads
drinking the $5 PBR and bourbon special. Btw the veggie sloppy Joe sliders are the jam!
I am fine w/ it.
Justin Bieber on ridiculousness?
#shippingwars is funny. The old people certainly likes talking smack.
i want spiderbites. what do you think?
We grinding like clipse, if it ain't money keep my name off yo lips
so im sitting here waiting for you to follow me... will that day come?
what kind of job are you looking for?
": #ILoveYouButNotEnoughTo put my education or family before you."
that's why I'm not really a bettin man.
Up next on the TJMS: Raphael Sasdiq chats with the crew!
Hey i just followed you, And this is crazy, But i just love you, So follow me, Maybe?
The lamest people will be bumpin his shit in their parents car -__-
When our dog listens to me but not Amy hahaha
hope yours was happy, too!
Goodnight good people (:
#LEARNING!! baka is a lot more fun to say over and over, though.
had a great time with you baby loved our deck time and the pool! xo
bravo's playing maywood today! :D
poor get hit with regressive use & consumption taxes that eat up small incomes
Just finished watching 21 jump street and they stopped texting me. Oh! And I feel like shit
had to follow
hey will all of you TRUE directioners out there follow this up and coming singer on youtube for me she is RT when u have
AMS is a proud member of the Albuquerque Chamber of Commerce, the Alb. Hispano Chamber & we're also a Diamond Member of Keep It Querque!
RT : Warm and fuzzy feelings right now at the year end gathering.
any folks in Lawrence want to meet up, we are at the outhouse. I already called dibs on the bbw ladies tonight.
My first trip to NYC has been booked! Thank you for the amazing deal. Now what should I see and where should I eat then? :-)
I arise each morning torn between a desire to strengthen the world and a desire to enjoy the world.
Thank you! I'm glad you love me video's. I agree with you, touching cute clothes is a way to make sure its actually is cute. :)
Fixin' to defy the laws of physics w/gravity-defying lifts this AM!
4th Annual Miss Black and Gold Pageant is this Sunday!!!! Make sure you get your tickets!!! Contact any
Our programs are designed to empower our Shelter residents to regain their independence & to be self sufficient members of our community.
see i would say there's probably more beards, but with the growing number of ladies, the web dev peeps might sweep!
Good night tweethearts. I just finished watching Aaliyah One In A Million on BET. Set your DVRs if you haven't seen it. Beautiful tribute.
My room has bottles of margarita and triple sec...Ew #girldrinks Someone pass the jack and beer...
Perhaps all that energy was used on that 16-0 run in the 2nd. Hope the #Celtics have something left in the tank.
Benjamin Disraeli~ The secret of success is constancy of purpose.
who wants to follow 4 follow. who needs promo. check out my page.
On road to HHI
“: #rapids 4 tickets for $50? Add on $25 for that's rubbish mate
Can't wait to play with (CD release!) and tonight at ! cc:
Congratulations. When's the celebration? We're starving! ;)
#WhenImBored i will go far away, no matter how much i will spend, no matter what i may encounter.
“I like to say that Twitter is like a bar, Facebook is your living room and LinkedIn is the local chamber of commerce.” - BSStoltz
: I'm an early bird today!
new to twitter
getting ready for school. not happy to be going grrr. i love my ashly (:
FOLLOW ME, I FOLLOW YOU BACK! I FOLLOW EVERYONE THAT FOLLOWS ME!!!! :)
i love you sandro but what the fuck is wrong with you today?!
Thanks to everyone who came out to the Release party last night! The album will be available shortly for online download!
People will always talk. And everyone wonders why I keep to myself.
Hi Analeigh, the #FilmBreak team would love to meet you this Saturday from 8-11pm at West at Hotel Angeleno in Bel Air
At Christmas play and make good cheer, for Christmas comes but once a year. ~ Thomas Tusser
lol ur crazy !! :) I can already imagine u doing that. Lol. I can't wait till tomorrow !!
#np Bread- Yellow ostrich. such a perfect song.
Lately I'm intrigued by the waterfall web view at various times during the day versus mapping my lists to Tweet deck.
Totally napped longer than I meant to... Oops!
When is US/NATO going to get the hint they aren't really welcomed in Afghanistan? Always some1 in uniform/ Afghan soldier shooting them down
My Dad ordering at Starbucks is the most entertaining thing. "Hi can I have a grandayy strawberry strobee with mint"....like what?!?
RANDI IT'S HAPPENING LIKE WHAT HAPPENED IN THE BOOKS
Hey you, jumping lunges ... go die.
I'm not either. I have hockey till 10 though
Acting like thugs on the internet<
Keisha is so tiny.. she's Royce size!!!! But you cant really tell (or im slow as hell)
#RnBThrowBacks : They Don't Know ~ Jon B
f**** ya, it's messed up...now we got to rely on boozer...sad
America, spread your golden wings.
us directioners better get you and 1D to ATL!!
Now following
Thanks for the spotify invite :)
The National Cathedral is one of the most impressive monuments in Washington DC. Come take a pick and learn about this prestigious.today 2pm
Thanks for the shout out Anna, come visit us soon :)
I never tire of hearing "Christmas Wrapping."
Quit using the bad fathers you know as an excuse not to say #happyfathersday. You don't use that excuse on Mothers day!
hey thanks! Hope everything is well in CA.
#atheist so u know idgaf.
follow back please
ya u do
feel better!
Nothing like GameOps shutting down in the middle of a game. Im not an electrician, but power to the scorers table is kind of important.
Amen! Good morning to you!!
Had a great time last night being interviewed on Karen Allyn's TV show. Have a radio interview in TX on the 21st.
Um, could you go back to DMX?
Is that Gael being Gael or Rome's "real" clay not being so friendly?
Justins Skype: J*B*94**x* - Justins Cell#: 551-***-**** want the rest? follow - im only picking 10 winners!! (HURRY!)'!!!
Another weekend of great football...
Please pretty please follow me! love you xoxo<317
Blanket on- hot. Blanket off- cold. 1 leg out- Perfect. until the demon from paranormal activity grabs it and drags you down the hall.
she in love wit drugs dat pussy get licked up
OMG. I know I say Glee is good, like, all the time, but IT IS SO GOOD TONIGHT.
So stoked for today's #rocktherange event. Come out to the show if you can. If not watch it live on ransom.tv
Eerily reminiscent of attempts to use the military’s land for the airport. We saw how well that went.
Will Rage be coming to protest the fascists at the RNC this year in Tampa?
because fear-based, preemptive reffing is status quo in these playoffs.
It's gunna turn out to be a real nice day today
I got about 17 seconds to look at my phone. Another 2 hours workin this party. How is your face?
thank you, awesome compliment, I'd RT it but I'd look like an egomaniac ;)
Really cool PIC!!!!!! AWESOME
": If you change this sentence around "Mr owl ate my metal worm" it says the same thing!" That's tighhttt lol
its Fall Break , & and im hella bored
Leading 2-Day StartingUp Facilitator Training here in Chicago for Chicago Public Schools who are training new high school Treps!
Idk if CA can handle you for a month. #thanksfortheheadsup lol
You can't make the same mistake twice. The second time is not a mistake, it's a choice.
Ppl who work at fast food places b having a attitude n b mad all the time.......
just saw this sorry
Singer Dionne Bromfield, goddaughter of Amy Winehouse, views tributes outside the late singer's north London home.
Glad you liked it! Thanks for sharing your experience.
Sounds great -- I look forward to it. Enjoy your holidays as well!
But the only way of discovering the limits of the possible is to venture a little way past them into the impossible.
crazy busy day! facebook fan pages are converting to timeline today. are you ready?
The Artist Wins!! 's November screening wins #goldenglobe for Best Picture: Musical or Comedy. Mkefilm knows what's up ;-)
Did you just finish season 2 of Sherlock?
thank You for the #ff Luv! Enjoy the snowy weekend!
Hey followers! Check out 's twitter! She's got some amazing tweets you don't wanna miss! Her 1000th follower will get a shout out!
keep makin your shows because your the comedy god
Betty went off the deep end! What happened to her?!?
Oh damn, can't get in bed yet. Walked into the bedroom and forgot my sheets were in the dryer. I have more than 1 set, but I love those!
#media99 Jesse Thorn kept his radio show after college, went to podcasting, then to public radio syndication & public comedy podcasting.
Laugh out loud bk sounds great! : 's new book #MostTalkative very funny laughed out loud a lot.perfect for summer
Group Ride is Canceled :( we shall cross our fingers for next week!
oh tonight I worked with a mckenna. straight up had the same name as me. same spelling. everytime I talked to her I added mckenna at the end
Its whatever. I let her feel how she wants too'
Quite frankly, I've always thought that what libraries needed was a little more cowbell...
Call (317) 264-3585 now to speak to a catering consultant to make the arrangements for your special event at Milano Inn.
Pacman has more sponsors than a racing team
RIP Dick Clark; thought he would outlive us all
ok so maybe Miami will sweep New York in first round series.
In case I'm not the only one who was wondering. The Society of American Archivists' annual meeting hashtag is
#thingsthatpissmeoff belligerent drunks... drinking more.
Done deal. Stamps, no erasies
Wants to remind you that even though you can not go back and make a brand new start, you can always start now and make a brand new ending.
yeah please do ya rude. And do some go backs too. Bahah
Everything we do has science and technology in it. We need to show that connection. It is all about connection.. how can museums improve it?
I can't control my excitement about next week! My girls, a wedding, some fun & a lot of laughs.
Thanks Scott, much appreciated!
Maybe I should! I've been in several over the years, & I know how I prefer that they function.
You are correct. Never take sides against the family. Loyalty.
she needs meds
What has passed is already finished with. What I find more interesting is what is still to come.
Got a random Billboard issue. you know there is a difference between rock and alt. Also, FooFighters are not the only rock band.
That's a good thing ;)
Wow I feel like the biggest bitch in the world right now, I was so mean to this guy, turns out he has extremely bad depression :'((
I appreciate your help and great quotes. Thanks again!
Dude I bought a Mash Taters shirt and Thome has yet to mash a tater let alone a turnip
Make no little plans; they have no magic to stir men's blood . . . Make big plans; aim high in hope and work. Daniel Burnham
awesome duder...let me know if you need any tee printing services. I'm eager to see what you're gonna be selling!!
Im looking for a comedic agent???
How many of you are waiting for 2012 to begin?
It was a great networking event too! Thank you Rackspace.
yes! well, next door. i turned the lights off, so there probably won't be any more princesses coming tonight. (you excepted).
lol obviously. What else am i here for :)
you did a fantastic job tonight! brought tears to my eyes! Still can't believe your only 15 years old.
First hour of the semester & I've already had one student refuse an audiobook. "I'd rather read it," he said. I hear a LOT of that.
A friend's elderly cat is thriving on homemade chicken soup. Served room temperature, just the way she likes it.
read ur last tweet
I'd love to do a photoshoot if ur ever in the Dallas Tx aria
Not looking out the window of this class today. I'm just gonna focus on the Big Beat Manifesto.
yeah we are.... Now we just need to figure out where we are goin for dinner haha ;)
problem may not be with students but with assignments (e.g. staple paper, use 12 pt font--not research process)
5 new interventions better get ready
Very good. The band did an awesome version of Sherry! Sounded like the 4 Seasons were there!
Home is a lovely thing. A long three weeks, and possibly a longer car ride...
Kk and haha no one in particular ;)
Well, I'm a fan of Ayn Rand & had to see how Hollywood would treat her writing. It comes down to needing better actors.
To anyone using Path.. Is it worthwhile? I'm considering using it.
No worries.. He will tell you how to get down when you are in a covenant relationship. Be sure to listen!!
oh and change your egg head! :-)
I think MLB will give him 8. Not sure if he appeals or wins.
im working at a party xD
Someone just coughed in my face
Yeah that's what I thought...bummer...and kinda odd, but whatever. Can't wait to see it!!
whats ur profile picture and name?
Two fantasy goats in one 17 inning game, combined 0/15; Adrian Gonzalez & Chris Davis cc:
At a Salvadorian food stand sampling pupusas.
Q: How warm does it need to be outside until you wear flip flops?
you work?! Never knew!! Hahaha
I made a twitter... just to follow xD
How many of you guys are coming to our show may 25 with sworn in at newbys
Well done is better than well said. Benjamin Franklin
True dat. Punting tonight as well!
Uh, no, he got caught up in the batter's box. Not walking. Shouldn't have been asked to bunt; he's their best hitter.
Are piano learning books any good?
YES! Slowly but surely I'm gaining more followers. At this rate, I'll be at 1k followers in 3 years lol smh
It seems like a waste of energy and expenses. What about editing? Done by pre-publication panels? how organize that? --back to journal board
so what is your fav sport?
Pour a little sugar on it honey
so i cant mess around with today cause i got a spotlight to get done.....u wasnt with me shotting in the gym hugh lol
Employee volunteer day at St Vincent De Paul Food Pantry Saturday! Yeah!
Getting ready to play at Kana winery tonight. Fun!
Editing after dinner but being called to the hot tub. Man, that sounds almost glamorous.
Finally starting from next week, we will see SM artists make comeback on music stage!!! Happy Happy!!!
Thanks and for an outstanding dinner! Several new books to add to my reading list.
Thank god i don't wear that stupid bang anymore
The great has reappeared on Twitter!
People are disgusting. Now I know that I don't need to be on Twitter on Sundays for sure!!!
it does bare a striking resemblance to one doesn't it? Thanks for the mention btw!
Congratulations on your scholarship!
Viagra Lite: For people who only want to masturbate
#CBSBigBrother They did better tonight than they did After Dark. Congrats #Jordan!!
What is the best sporting event to see live?
Hmm maybe 6? And there were some on errors? Hahaha just wait till next time
Maybe Hedley's doing expose on rich aristocrats? He's already following a queen and a princess. Could he dig up enough to out me? . . . Nah.
Hard caffeine crash.
whats THAT suppose to mean!? lol
oh hockey season..i miss you dearly</3
That was a very nice from George Hill to LeBron James. Why he's passing to James though, I don't understand.
fear lives in the oscillation of the past and future - not in the present
Are you a exhibitor? We're throwing a VIP party for exhibitors on Saturday. Visit our booth to learn more.
I'm trying to think of one thing that i like about winter......nope...can't think of a thing.
yeah man me and ian got in an accident at work.
Thanks EvlBert! Akira and I have shot together, she is yummy!! Will post pics for ya!
Thank you sir1 RT : Happy Birthday !
There's a couple people I just want to punch in the face
I'll never agree that robots & instant replay are the answer. A commissioner interested in more than $ would be a step in right direction.
My house is a fucking sauna. KMS
Robin Murray : 15 million hits/month to the WorldCat API.
"I had everything I ever wanted, but nothing I really needed."
I need some food. Like now?
I know I have to give up my ratchet ways....but I love twerking
love to see you at our CT viewing party tonight 6pm
“: Well.... I was having a good night! Now...not so much!” welcome to my world -___-
"This isn't a Black Bar".-- Stop using this excuse
ok ... delicious looks & acts different ... I'm disoriented. When did it change? Is it better? Worse? Any helps on getting oriented?
Hope everyone had a fantastic thanksgiving and weekend
Our doves are raised and lovingly cared for. Each dove is trained to be released and return home. Pretty Amazing!
Just traveled to the center of the world!
There's some ugly ass bitches in the world.
Ok Great!!!
yep "Life" is RT Both games in Final 4 won by UK by 8 points = 8th title. Life is really weird sometimes, odd coincidences.
If you suffer from #allergies reduce your exposure to #allergens in your house by wearing a face mask while #cleaning and dusting.
Contemplating about a guild, but it is quite a socialist idea when it is a capitalistic market out here.
I'm going to have the fun I deserve to have all weekend! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
I loved The Pokey Little Puppy - Golden book. Read it over and over.
Barlow gets hit HARD! And penalty on OKC.
Go down to la this weekend Should b a nice lil trip
If you ask her to make you a sandwich and she says no...
comin hard with some great quotes
Bye bye unc
what's wrong my friend.
Thanks for joining us today!
nice video! Had my first Lagrein a few weeks ago. It was very nice - I found flavors & body similar to Mencia from Bierzo.
don't tweet me
Hey, Devin wondering if you would run something in regard to the Elizabeth Banks/ 'Surrender Dorothy' issue, runs beyond "gossipy".
I like how the reason you gave for ppl taking low-paying jobs is almost exactly the same as mine. Are you my evil twin?
Answering your email now. Considering they're including rent, that's actually not high.
I've just been going thru some shit and gotta weigh out whats worth the fight. but i miss you!
Is anyone even awake there?
The show that B Shels was going to perform at tmrw is cancelled due to issues with the club.
I just went thru my 1st body scan @ EWR on my way 2 #Vegas. The TSA peep is the 1st woman 2 get 2 see me naked since I came out! Lucky her!
that waz not funny on the top part ikr han andy poped my sis giraffe
Safely back in the DMV. Still overwhelmed by the enthusiasm, inspiration, dedication, and love at #aam2012. Stay in touch, friends!
{R E T W E E T} IF YOU WANT NEW FOLLOWERS
Thanks for showing #streetstyle love on the let's do a summer trends article soon on xoxo
If you like dance music.... please follow
Did you do the follow? cant find you on there.
Also, there is so many Peter Pan references in the entire album of Mylo Xyloto.
Justin is sweet
Chicago Bulls lose in the first round of the NBA Playoffs.
Rich man swag
where were you? I went to an A party last weekend at miami and toasted to about evrrything. Had a good time
ah. I wonder if it would be difficult to use Raphael with Sencha
Sounds a bit like 'Flowers for Algernon'. Would be an incredible breakthrough.
CAN I BE ONE OF THEM?!
please tell me that there will be spray tan required to go along with the dance costumes??? :)
chill ass weekend before our release date. (:
Glad I got my run in before the storm came.
: im sorry! ): i fell asleep SO early. /:
good job on the video !! someday I may get into this youtube video thing
Fear is the cause of too much sorrow and too much doubt.
Crazy. Guess CSR event planners don't talk to each other! Maybe we can call it CSR Day and be done with it
the guy said something like 'i wish I were still around'. He had no idea I was there. He immediately switched to keno.
Reds/Nats on one TV, Caps on next to it in Columbia Heights. Perfect!
I've seen it...a great resource for teaching this topic.
Getting ready to get #WLBYNG4EVR at midnight!!
oh...I wonder if mine is affected
If you don't wear shorts to bible study tonight then you won't be cool. Yes, this word has a double fulfillment.
What level are you right now - in terms of your 'presence' in the moment? And with the person you are with?
I'll be there!
Everyone get the new #Drinkdrankcrunk tank top! Only have 20 or so left out of 120. Go go go! Http://Hyebyeclothing.com
#MyPastRelationships some of them were a blast, most of them were horrible . But all of them werent for me.
.mitchellreports Please report the true story - voter suppression measures are being taken by the GOP, not "political parties"
I Love Her Love Face
Events around #milw this weekend: Gallery Night and Day in the 3rd Ward Fri and Sat. and Earth Day on Sunday. Have a good weekend!
Email sent and thank you.
A special umbrella just for coming!?!?!? #weathertweets!
Have you ever wanted to do something so bad you just did it?
M.C.A. was with it and he's my ace So I grabbed the piano player and I punched him in the face!
faded faded faded
“: I'll be your prescription, come & take a dose of me -Keri H.” yes
She has grandchildren already? I thought she was in her 50s or something.
So how do I buy radio airtime in Chicago?
Oh, the memories! Me in drag...shame there weren't any photos of that. Or not! What fun it was working with you!
FOUND CAT ALERT! Nativity Church on Southeastern. Skinny, tired - may have been lost for awhile. Extremely sweet and loves being inside....
That's how we do it, Vinnie-style
they should have personally called you ;) hahaha jk I guess email works.
all my most amazing promo shots are done by incredible photographer and all around doll ;)
all i see is a little blackbox
Standing in line at the post office...15 people and 1 clerk. Hurry up and wait. Get It Gone!
Mac Lab's located for participants ease of use on the 6th floor.
don't wink at me. You tease...
I love your energy! Very inspirational!
If you didn't know I'm
Running for office? RT : Long day. Started in RI in 26 F. Flew through 13 states, stopped to see the family, now in NOLA and 77.
Congrats to !! Sick fights guys! Thanks for put all on the line!!
cause I want to? How old are you?
happy saturday!!!! ;)
i feel sorry for metta world peace too, fckin up his good name on that team.
thx! We post as a class but the kids come up with message. They type some of the words and help me edit it b4 posting.
cool. Be there in about 15.
Why people r unfollowing me:( wat did I do!
Still in the race;)
YOU'RE very welcome!!
check out our sister company Denver Network Support - IT Consulting - Cisco VoIP Business Solutions
It's Iowa Caucus night - political junkies (like me) rejoice!
I nominate #HCLINTON she has the depth of experience-intel & toughness to succeed! Respected admired around the USA & world
i put myself in a shit position >.>
Why in the never ending world would ppl hate on ?? Just because she met the IB doesn't mean you should hate on her.
Thanks for repinng one of my Social Media #infographics on Cheers!
** Hiring ** Senior Opportunity Brand Director Avatar would like to speak with senior brand managers & brand directors looking for a new a…
DM me a link of your show
love hearing that there's some love for at football games!
I'm sorry I've been so slow to respond! We'll work it out.
IT IS
who's that from? ;-)
Good day today
I enjoy my shower time.
yes it depends, usually on level of frustration
Really don't want to go to school today
OMG, you need to follow , I fucking die all the time laughing.
I'm doing bikram yoga for the first time tomorrow w/ Any suggestions to prepare??
can I join in sum victory. I victoriously downloaded a bunch of music off YouTube...that counts right?
#Butler is an Ugly bulldog
i'M GOING To Be in The Booth all NEXT WEEK with the manager oh boy can't wait
to help get you through this crazy time
Awhh bye miss e! Me & love u and will miss u
is it because he's black?
Didn't get in
nice article! Thanks for tweeting.
We continue to receive beautiful scarves made with love by our donors and supports to be sent to our rescuers in Eastern Europe.
tell me how girls get heart shaped nipples, i would really like to know.
I don't have any shows planned, but there is a place called "It's a Grind" coffee house in Gilbert. They have open mics on
ok :D
#iWishThat I could be in California right now
I'll take one each
play up the whole jobless thing...the town you currently live in the juxtaposition of the two & randomness of your last job
I hope you're well. :)
no, eating dinner! How's the scene. Will u be there for a while?
RT Here's the deal, #SXSW visitors.I promise not to act smug about living in #Austin if you promise not to move here [LOL.Good one!]
sweet :D
great song!!! They used it Miami Vice...remember??
Thank you! Yes- still feel yucky!
I don't like my enqlish class -__-
RT Meyer news conference briefly stopped. Medic just called to the back of the room.
:') life is great
nor can one religion
If every US household replaced 1 bulb w Compact Fluorescent Light bulb, it would prevent pollution to = removing how many cars from road?
It's officially my birthday. omfg. hdbasuydbAKUHBCUHBsbfuysdbvak
oh god, i dont even want to know how this came about
Also, please say hi to Olga for me! :)
u gotta come during the season tho
So were A LOT of teams today!!!
saw Drive last weekend. Am still a bit obsessed with Kavinsky's zombie-romantic track Nightcall.
going good man, what about you?!
Mirror, Mirror = mediocre, mediocre
Just tried previewed a piece Of pizza at cheesies before they roll it out next week .
IT'S ABOUT THE SPURS BABY!!!
Follow the three R's: Respect for self, respect for others and responsibility for all your actions. - Dali Lama
is doing a chat Monday 30th at 7pm PT tune in, things will get
I'm DJing tonight at the Pioneer and is serving drinks, I think. Not sure if he survived Arctic Man.
Interviews are like tattoos. No matter how many I have/get, I still get nervous as hell. Sheeesh.
lol... I don't think anyone is confident they'll actually win.. :-/
haha brothers these days
Thanks for the RT. Loved that interactive key campaign from Mercedes.
I'm a photographer and I build my own graphics and I'm pretty fast at dev. But to make graphics that talk is not easy
If they are stupid enough to walk away, be wise enough to let them go…
I wonder how am I gonna succeed in life..
Teach me how to Dougie??? <U+2665>
Just call me a fattie. I don't mind ;)
So, she's off to catch her flight and I'm just sitting here bored -__-
I'm calm now....but this person will still hear from me
No need to "like" anything on Facebook. Just get to today through Monday for your entry to win! : )
!!! YES YES YES. i need to listen to it 87 times now.
Including a reading/signing in New York this Thursday, April 19, 5-7pm
thats the exact face i made,
We are down to 20 minutes to go w/ the game still scoreless. Winner will advance to Big 12 Finals.
Currently listening to in anticipation of the "major announcement" tomorrow. I wonder if it is what I'm thinking it is?
what a great match. not my out come but still it was fucken great!
Much to Curtis Painter's surprise, the Ravens have signed Curtis Painter.
you and me both dude....
Girls are always scared cause they always think their guy will find someone better than them.
IRS Authorized Tax Payment Service. Low 1.95% convenience fee. www.payUSAtax.com.
So glad to have a night out with the girls:)
Who flushes more crap into the WI ecological system than Tom Barrett? Answer: Nobody.
But scored in final minute to win over Miami and stopped four plays from inside 5 yard line in last minute to win over Jacksonville
I want a fireplace in my room.
Thanks a lot I hope you are well!
Tennessee acting like high school dmac. Need to scrape these people off Manning's skin
#SeaMonkeys assemble! #PAX (north lobby by bandland)
Give us feedback on our new Twitter look.
Doug, thanks for the RT!
Soups of the day: Chicken Pastina, Cream of asparagus, Minestrone, Italian Wedding, ravioli Florentine, tortellini brodo, Beef Barley, M
Just told my mom we sat at table next to Mitt Romney's family/political friends this Sat. at Bye, Bye Liver comedy show. Didn't believe me.
RT : "You should always be best friends with Legal" great corporate wisdom from , Global VP of Digital at Starbucks
got your email—will respond
Baby promise me you'll stay (stay) stay baby #song stuck in my head
Unreal amount of big mix action again today with the surprise return of pummeling me just like pre black Friday.
I need to work on my Kitty Fisher style. :)
Grateful for the ppl in my life who inspire me. Our conversations open my mind.
happy friday to you! We are doing well! Happy to finally be open and serving the community delicious meals!!
At first I was hesitant about it but after five listens I realized it isn't all too different than other songs he's made.
ok makeup/hair team.. looks stunning. Fantastic song choice Jessica!:)
Cats or Dogs?
New Generation 2 Nutcase helmets are available. They feature 360-degree reflectivity, spin dial size adjustment and a magnetic buckle.
International Women's Day Celebration & Fashion Show is from 2-3pm TODAY in the International Connections Lounge!
Hes got better seats this time RT : No way RT: Nate's brother got the ball (again)!
I wish we were alone right now so I could punch you in the face
A model's killer punched his own ticket today. Sometimes the news gives you a snapshot of what humanity is capable of. For better or worse.
": Mj's and Fisher's numbers ": I got #23 and #02. That's a start :)""you are right there my friend :)"
gotta believe the clubhouse will be very subdued during your interviews w injuries and all
Who's Walking in the Autism Walk in April, here in Milwaukee? We are!!! contact us for team shirts!!!!
the big huge gorilla at the zoo died today :(
Sounds Cool, I will check it out!!
4:38 wake up call thanks to my baby boy
It's time for me to tweep<U+E13C>good nite
DESTRUCTION IM FOR IT BUT MAYBE I WANT GO FORWARD THINKING ABOUT CONTINUE
Never give up on something that feels right, because it probably is. ~Unknown
Why do all my customers have to give me TMI? Like I really wanna know you want your meds fast b/c you're on house arrest?
In joining 's wedding live-tweet crew, i cast my vote for #UnionoftheAmacs. very stately. and sounds most like an opera song.
No shame in my game
Beth Rosen's Spotlight Radio "Lights Camera Action" Interview with Danny Boushebel on Rhino on Air scheduled for 11:00AM today. Tune in!!!!
We will have some ladies in Sarasota Fl available in January..Dont miss out on these ladies
you should see the chat log from the conversation I'm having with right now
Keeps the wheels turning. That's one thing we do at least.
thank you daddy
yep will go w my mom she loves John
lol I knew that ! Ima do it first thing tomorrow :)
Tweet tweet<3 new to twitter© BLAZIN UP
Brown & Jones Reporting hopes all of our clients have a safe and happy holiday!
darts and beer on friday? Call me, you hooker!
Did they thank you for filling it with groceries? RT Someone just stole my cart at the grocery. #really?
Never expected Twitter to be such a valuable research resource but here I am looking through tweets for resources for final papers
how've you been!
I'm confused why!?!
Yeah. I'm hoping Urlacher and the vets can keep them in line. I like Jeffery though. Great pick. We actually have receivers!
Nevermind it's not letting me message you... But a very long time ago you gave me a batch of beats along with Dark Matter.
united airlines has completely shit the bed today! pathetic customer service, worse actual service!
“: I've had various people call me a Grammar Nazi xD” like me ;)
what the,
Don't miss the Charity Date Auction at The Alliance Center tomorrow @ 7! Bid on #Atlanta's hottest singles - all for charity!
“ “ I text you. You don't text back. I feel stupid.””
St. Patrick's Day, I'm wearing a rubber band green, top green, shirt green, pants green, jeans green, socks and green shoes.
oh. what's your panel? bet it's good.
My dreads are slowly replicating the color of Tom Hanks' hair in "Castaway". Get me out of this Florida sun!
it was nice to see everybody and be back on set glades for S3. You guys rock!!!
1. U know when u say,"let this get in the marrow of ur bones" when ur teaching? Well, I think it's in there when u wake up..
in a princeton review class. Forgot all my algebra and geometry
finally after 2 tries i got the right power cord... WHOS READY FOR SOME HQ MUSIC NOW! HUH?...
Garret Sim: "We weren't getting any calls tonight and they were getting all of them." UW shot 3 more FT's.
No to coonhounds. They howl. I've already got a cat that howls.
ARTISTS IM GOING IN FOR MY CELEB BDAY BASH HIT ME UP TOO GET A CHANCE TOO PERFORM AND A MIXTAPE SPOT WITH THE HOTTEST CELEB MIXTAPE DJS!!!
Register TODAY to attend DE's own "Dancing w/the Stars" on 3/12/12! 100% of proceeds benefit
My birthday is in 8 days. Mind giving me an early birthday present and flying me over there ASAP?
lol you better make sure louis doesn't see =p
THEY BLOCKED IT
Dunkin Donuts has more sub-conversations about prostitution than their new K-Cups
what up ugly?
what did Tony say?
WHAT IS THE PROBLEM OF MY EYE? It's been... about 10 hours?.
The only knot I appear to be able to tie is the four-in-hand.
Can't wait to hear from at #cfaleadercast! We will be listening from Cleveland, Ohio.
Fortune and love favor the brave. ~ Ovid
Omg my Gmom just ask me to sign her up with Twitter.
I'm sure it'll be great.
bitch you think i'm finna stoop to yo level fuckin internet thug. Fake ass BITCH
Thanks to the new followers... Thanks so much for your support!
Thanks for sharing, Jodi!
Yeah. A boy ICONiac is very rare. Girls will go gaga. The only person I will ever be gaga for is Vincent. Lmbo! (;
Don't wear boots and a leather jacket and listen to Blonde Redhead and expect me not to be in love with you
and we're trying to make it even "funner" :)
idk cuz I haven't been paying attention lol. I'll leave it to the GM
Bitch jumped off my dick "Is that over there?"
I feel sorry for single dads. Those kids have to be really annoying for the mom not to want them.
Almost moved in. Emphasis on "Almost"
for the first time in 2 years, i did not have to go to bed before the sunset and i do not have to go to work at 1 am. #takethatwednesday!
Awesome! Can't wait to see it.
< love him!
Thanks phi! RT : that shits live bro.. Good stuff
Nov 5th 1955 the day doc brown created time travel.
RT We had the same problem. Pete put a bunch of DVD bundles on eBay & got a few hundred for 'em. Paid 4 the iPad :)
do you have any "Prog for Non-Prog: Part 2" classes in the evenings coming up, after the daytime one this Fri 5/11 at ?
"The problem with girls" is now my favorite song. Me and Desirea are now planning on meeting you one day. Haha.
I liked the remark, silly.lol
Thanks for the tweets, guys!
First Impact Denver class is meeting upstairs...I know they are all amazed at their colleagues!
just wondering will this give computers viruses?
If you want to promote LIFE contact Brendan @ #Onething11 via Lovesick
All these techno + dub step bros think they invented bleep bloop, but we all know R2-D2 was 1st on the scene
The orphan master's son / Adam Johnson
Or not having phone service inside a hospital to tweet your frustrations, but at least there's WiFi...
its smaller and easier. Seems to be a place where students go to get their grades up. Then they transfer back.
Agree and disagree- WAY fun! RT This list says PR executive is 7th most stressful job. Do you agree? bit.ly/y2Uku1
Huh...that was supposed to say engrossed, but now it just sounds like I think our website is gross. Sigh..what are my fingers doing?
Follow this monster back!
At the governor about to interview Cindy from the link for women!
how can you not like milk?!
okkayy with the trans am and a blunt, but whys the trans a auto? she a beauty tho.
#FirstRead: The New Yorker reboots online books coverage
Nevershoutnever? I think yes c:
Healthcare is still local. There are still more private HIEs than public/broader HIEs - Ed Brown,
National Night Out Block Party! Only have 1000 water balloons to fill and 100 beach balls to blow up.. Then watch out neighborhood kiddies!
#bracketsuperstitions when in doubt, follow your
Stoked to be headed to Baltimore tomorrow to attend 's Right to Shoes event and meet staff and supporters.
Can't wait for my dose of Jason Isaacs tonight.
Jealous that I won't be in attendance at the game tonight...but SOON!
didn't know the 120 makes a tour of harbor island
As a person we human!!!...
psst, shipping is free @ http:www.mineralsecrets.com - limited time offer
Very hard, great last team builder, worked there 17 years. RT I see ur working hard.
What does everybody do when youtube is blocked in your elementary schools? Any suggestions?
RT IT'S LIKE U STEPPED ON A KITTEN.
NYC shows : THIS Thurs, Fri & Sat at 8pm. If a show is sold out online, there should be cash only tix at the door the night of!
Everyone at the airport is drunk. Still waiting for a flight home. :(
honored to be followed by you Kim. Thanks!
My cats new name is "Knife hands" lol.
Come back?
Amen RT : Righteously indignant about the idea of universal healthcare? Go read 's twitter stream and get back to me.
The message is clear. The message is simple: GO PACK GO!
That's easy! You should play MW3 but every time you die, you do a few assignments for your not real because it's virtual school.
Heading to Camp this week! Check it out! www.campsnowball.org
hahahha, that has to be one of the better Barajas jokes
my nap>
If you're going out in the Chi tonight, go to www.scoresluda.com and print off some free passes and come see us
Quote o' the Day: "poop with purpose" -
Any idea where it will held next time?
Don't allow people to push you to the point of rage. That's the window of opportunity for the Devil to possess you.
On my way to the desert, aka Kingdom , with , to hang with the coolest low-res MFA faculty in the country.
My friend only wears white shirts. He's either in a gang or he has dandruff.
you saved me from hurting myself yesterday.
We loved with a love that was more than love. ~Edgar Allan Poe
Caseys irish pub downtown sounds nuts...they shut down the whole street and its one giant party
Went to and got some Oreo froyo with chocolate sprinkles. Yum!
I just realized that its gettin dark and its not even 7:30...I can't wait til these "cool" days come. I'd rather wear a sweater
“: I got my fan going I'm a wuss when it comes to heat” ... Same here ... 2 fans lol
Thanks - looking forward to having you back on soon!
TWiT Live has live video images from Ryan Block in the iPad3 demo room. Even over Skype video the retina display is unbelievable.
I'm gonna let all you pussies from rich neighborhoods think you know about hockey. I'll get off here and continue being a student of hockey.
Tommy is a deep sensitive loving guy Erika he really loves you he puts u first before everyone else -Tommy's Dad
This Rap Shit We Love To Tha Max So When Your Up There It's No Turning Back.
prayers go out the you little man, everything will be ohkay and things will get better with time. keep faith and dont give up
be safe boo love u
my love I forgot to put u on my #FF list I so sorry I just forgot love u do much
you can live in my garage
The #CILDC venue does not have wifi in the IB area yet, so we just have those first come/first serve flower wifi pods ITI supplied
13 pages of an MFA paper in 2 days...not too shabby. Halfway there.
There's something about, baby, you & i. (;
The fact that ABC even bothers to put the NBA on on Selection Sunday befuddles me. I will only watch college hoops in March
Really enjoying workouts with the new eSpinner bikes at my gym -- iPod integration and video is fantastic, and the fan is CRUCIAL.
hahaha heck yes man
coming back this way?
I'm pondering the place of the typewriter in the modern wordperson's process.
Aromatic seems like a strange word to describe mangoes
Soccer at swope tonight 6 pm. I am working again so have so much fun without me!
That makes me both happy and a little sad.
Apparently I've been on Twitter since July 2nd of 2009. That's longer than I thought lol, and it's not even that much time =P
New Servers -- We've moved Read Print onto a new server farm. Does the site feel slower or faster than before?
Hey Rob, is there a way to get a copy of the slides??
haha, its okay i never kil anything, i get my mommy to do that :p <3
It's ok I'm going to Fenway...
Oh, , it was Mickey holding Pujols back?
sounds lively. I'm hoping for some Pinot Noir in the near future.
Think she saw it was mostly paps and autograph hounds and went to the other side where there were "real fans".
#Iloveitwhen I have a long day then Cody surprises of after work.
- i don't want to stop u from coming in on Fri, but if you want to coordinate when I'll be there we could set something up.
What's troubling you son? You've never looked heavier.
breathe peace, be at ease, allow the mind to calm and quite itself through breath awareness. pause. breathe deeply into your belly. smile
yes he is:) great job highlighting it! cc
i need someone to talk me out of this
CONGRATS 2 U both!!!!!!! Glad you R safe See ya next week blessings 2 U both :)
Thanks for the RT !
been using it long? Still can't get away from the old tools. Painter or PS?
was 1 for 2 tonight along with a sac fly and a walk :)
perhaps I should have read the whole post... I thought u were talkin about a real hockey game:)
My favorite dance class tonight... Choice!!!
Should have said hello at the Dirty River Boys show. By that time, I had found a seat and got comfy. Good bunch of music!
yes sir let's do it
anyone know a way to embed a ustream video into wordpress.com blog? thanks for ideas :-)
Just getting shit done around the house.
Watching Giants '07 season NFL DVD. This should have won an Oscar. All in!
Coleman was next to me
Blatt announces extension of arrangement with UCSB through December 2014. Some planning for possible separation in the future.
For a newbie, teasing out services offered by OCLC is like figuring out differences in insurance policies. Too many unmeaningful names.
Omg no Derrick Rose.
let me know:-)
Best wishes for a safe, relaxing holiday! Matinees today, cafe closed, no evening shows. No matinees tomorrow, open for evening shows
QT LLS AIIIIIITTTTTEEEE “: Girls Be Like OMG Vaughn How Did You Get Your Face So Grown! Lls”
Construction worker finds missing urn alongside I-75
I feel dirty listening to jay and ye in Chicago without you
Nice! MT: covering event at Lake Co. JFS- officials are unveiling a pilot program that deals with child protective services
I also pulled the trigger on some stuff I'd had in my Amazon cart for a while. I feel like I've been holding my breath all this time.
just do what you do and the world will follow!
Not at prom
To all followers thanks for the following. Stay tuned for updates on music releases from our artists &
Thank you for sharing the Video of people leaving Iraq cause they believe in Christ. I will send my donation.
that movie was awesome Denzel was blind the whole movie did you catch that at the end? How you doing buddy?*drop kicks face*
what? no homework?! this is a first
fact: I have already had two servings of breakfast
-________- really Miami
“: Good night, Tweeps! Sweet dreams of Democracy and #CincoGoodByeO!” #solidarity :D
I WILL be productive tomorrow. I hope....
every hotel has people :P
Is it Sunday, 330p yet?
"On the Goald Coast, beach life with my beach wife."
so when we going ? Haha
And that's just the tip. wait to you see your schedule bout to add it to ur gmail in an hour.
you can only spell with your food for so long.
Get your hail damaged vehicle repaired now! Insurance doesn't pay if you you can't show proof that your previous hail damage was repaired
Now the presidential race gets really interesting (and messy).... Mitt missed a chance to win this thing quickly.
What did you expect?
. Thanks! We heart you too! Hope you have a great time here in
Just realized that I understand absolutely nothing about the popularity of NASCAR
I think you mean GREAT use of tech, Carrie! :)
Why are you moving to Miami?
Schnikes. Ah well. We were w the 9yr old anyway :) RT : Every participant (of age) got a free Widmer beer.
Wishing a meaningful Yom Kippur to our readers.
Great question about how to deal with online students multi-tasking while doing their work.
This is where the 2012 fairytale ended... RT So that looks like $12 mil well-spent so far.
LMFAO at the stuff my mammaw says its so funny , haha.
sign my yearbook ?
Don't need to buy my love cause u already stole my heart
When my cousin orders something with bacon & can't eat pork so she gives it to me
Around The Jazz Internet: April 20, 2012
sounds like me last night! You have my sympathy.
John Ellis and Jason Marsalis are doing a clinic at Loyola today. Miguel Zenon is coming next week and maybe Esperanza in a few. omg
I ordered your book! :) BEFORE I knew of all the goodies!
*pointed glare* Why are you still up? GO TO BED.
So Romney was a high school bully. Can't express how unsurprised I am.
follow me please justin !!!
it wouldn't work for me I have been out of the workforce
Thanks for shortening my tweet, twitter.
jk I wish
i wanna scald my eyes now. thank God got it an not me- bc i would throw you under the bus. wtf is wrong w ppl?
you are a singing muthafucka! U should get a free pass to heaven for this damn INTRO!!!!
Thanks! We had fun! / “: A. says your reading was a HUGE packed success- congrats!
agree... The oinker sucks
If you could ask the Editor in Chief of 4PM one question, what would it be?
indeed i got a job bitches!!!
My boss from Caramel, CA was saying it in '04 #notatrendsetter RT I feel like the term "no worries" really took off 2005
#Boyfriend is amazin' notice me please! #muchlove Mexico loves and misses you :) 9
Thanks Febe! Very sweet of you!!
Drinking out of my wine glass.
Busy day...do you have your holiday hair?!!
Great stuff tonight. Two fantastic eps!
hey i wanna skype you!
Who will Replace RB Brandon Jacobs & WR Mario Manningham on the NY Giants Offense next Season?
I Live In Colorado Too :D
actually John Borsa (Ch7) is supposed to "get it" according to FB peeps. Natly is assignment editor who gives info.
now was that message from u or the big man himself?
I really wish you would follow me. :( #NeverSayNever right?
I think I'm a bit behind on this but I am currently obsessing over
Good Morning Cadets! Some exciting moves have been made and I can't wait for you to see what I've got. But no spoilers so you have to wait!
RT Man the homie Big Dirty went TF in on a thowed beat from my boy
What did the special committee 'recommend' after all? Was it variety of opinion or cohesive message? Thx again ;)
"On Tuesday, I reached the end of the Internet." "You reached the end of the Internet?" "Yes, I did."
Just got off youtube looking at these ppl shoe collection! OMG i dont want to hear anyone ik say they a sneakerhead no more
Really? DirecTv guide says it is Transformers.
Those are easily the best things ever.
Don't be mad because I strive to seek my own truth my gawd.
OMG so tired! Full day as I tried to meet everyone's needs...being a single mom with a career isn't easy, right ladies?
How long does it take to fly from Flint to Detroit. Do they even put the landing gear up?
Morning Rockstars! > Nature magically suits a man to his fortunes, by making them the fruit of his character. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
mercury and mars, GET YOURSELVES TOGETHER. you're killing me. (cc: )
You know which actor is really underrated? The dolphin in "Flipper."
Of course, even though my #Cornell education only took me to the final 8. Relying on you frozen four guys for clarification.
what's up with the rain LA???!!!!
GOOD MORNING! Did you miss me?! I'm back, w/a vengeance! And I'm pumped! LET'S DO THIS!
Proud of the great work our team is doing for Bridgestone. Incredible group of talent assembled in LA for the shoot this week.
Holy cow, December is busy!
Beautiful #energyefficient home 4 sale in the hills of #Fallbrook (1.2 acres) soon. If U have buyers call for a preferred preview now. 500k
Oops, I did it again... at the gym
so Sad about Rue
Juliet Simms >>>> everything and everyone.
Madrid. Vamos Erin go Braugh. You'll prob get there before me
Goodnight twitterworld. Love @ all our followers. You guys are awesome, We reached the +100 today&joined only 2 weeks ago.Sleep well
30 professionals w/ their images, 8 Institutions collaboration, 3 BPOC staff hosting all, ...
#1dKOPbooksigning PLEASE HELP TREND THIS ASDFHJKL
Now watching Grey's Anatomy...can't get anything done on Thursday nights! Ha!
I told wife we didn't need a 2nd TV. #Whitney dies so she has to watch the #grammys New on at the same time. Touche God.
I'm watching you again lol
On cue, Rangers' Fedotenko raises game John Tortorella continues to praise veteran winger Ruslan Fedotenko’s ability to step up his
let's do this!
I don't even know what day of the week it is anymore! #summerprobz <U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Show tonight In Canton at sadie rene's! Come hang out!
Just walked off the stage in Douglasville, Ga!
Do I get a cookie too? Please join my campaign to get back on Twitter. I'll buy you a cookie, he'll make you laugh..
ohh I know. Kind of disappointed that I can't see all the seniors :( you succeeded amazingly <3
We are so excited for this film to come out on 8/27! www.maoslastdancer-movie.com/flash.html
On my way back to SD
iT WILL BE THE NINERS !
Fun night with :) now breakfast with my lovely roommates an :) I'm happy
that's messed up. I stood there doing nothing while you glued 85% of that lol
i love the thrill that business brings to me,the whats next the new turns ,the fast pace that keeps you young
Thank you, Nancy! Thank you so much for watching and your kind words!
I have no idea anymore :(
#oomf is Feeling some kinda way... Let's not get emotional
Boston pretty much won this.
RT : Our beautiful Day of the Dead cultural display is all ready for tomorrow! Dias de los Muertos program runs Oct. 9 to Nov. 5
I figured now would be the time to start earning your salary.
who would see their household incomes fall by $60 a month by 2020, while having to spend $30 per month more for goods.
Im such an idiot! -.-
Mulling co-proposing ed collection on Queer Spaces (everything from #ecocriticism to #pedagogy) Thoughts? Interest? Potential contributors?
hey i just met you & this is crazy but here's my twitter so tweet me maybe?
Bottoms up! Happy birthday! <3, First-Year
Thanks for the RTs!
Oh no worries-- is waiting patiently for you too; just visit the
Thanks for the follow
u ok?
If it storms tonight I will sue mother nature
Air conditioning Restaurant Refrigeration Services 617-792-3350 Boston, Suburbs.
one art by Elizabeth bishop!
you're welcome. Great presentation. You just reinforced a large chunk of my 2012 intiatives for
omg it was pricless how i didn't throw my id outta my hands idk and how we kept our cool from laughin till up the road idk
It. Never. Gets. Old.
Only if you are talking about our website! :)
Same to you!3
As an example of thinking twice, see my deleted faceook post from 12:30am today. Oh wait, thankfully you can't.
#Imagine Zayn:"Where are you going?'' You:"Home.'' Zayn:"No! Get back in my arms!'' *Kisses you*
You could've at least acted like you cared.
Movies and CDs for sale
Typical Android User is Anything But Typical [INFOGRAPHIC]
I miss my TI-85. No joke.
We brought our hops in as well. Kitchen is full of hops, plus two pots of garlic bulbs and one pot of catnip.
FREE DIAGNOSTIC......AFFORDABLE FLAT-RATE PRICING.....AND A 90 Day Guarantee for all Computer repairs.......Geek Squad has nothing on RCS
BLAST!!! my net connection has gone south.
Did Janish get sent down when they called up Cozart?
Off to model at Dreamworks Animation! More at www.rachelbailit.com
Come see us present "The Shadow City: Dark-side of Victorian New York" on Saturday at 6pm at The Great New England Steampunk Exhibition!
I agree with . Details of how initiative came about need to come out. It was rushed through, didn't go thru proper process.
Like it for Indian foods. Use caution-little goes a LONG way.
How nice of you to remember!
Apologies, followers, for that rash of tweets. We've told to slap
He does so love to hear you laugh…
I'm pretty sure Katelyn is going with Jordan tho cuz Cindy basically said it
I want a $5 footling right now!!
Good morning, it's Friday!
Brother Como estas?
7:30 am soccer game tomorrow. Why.
Please make plans today for your new years eve rides, or if your going to a house party turn it into a pajama party! Be safe!
Our competition to win a seven night stay at Casa Morada closes on September 27…Like us and Share us with your friends!
Beautiful shot!
Thanks for following us! Have a great day!
We're back!!! We're playing Moscow Wednesdays at Boardner's TOMORROW!!!
If my phone never hung up on her after every 4 hours, we would probably be waking up to each other everyday.
Believing in yourself is the key to success, Dare to turn your dreams into reality... JDB
Do you kiss your momma with those lips?
thanks! LOL I hope to see you at the show!!!
The Countdown begins for the Downtown Miami Riverwalk Festival and Boat Parade, Nov 12, 2011-This year better than ever --Full Steam Ahead !
J.R Smith will take every late shot possible smdh.
maybe Coach Crum should spend the day w/ Coach Pitino drawing up in-bounds plays instead.... Siva can hang out w/ someone else.
you're full of pretty
Sometimes its hard to forgive, but nearly impossible to "move forward" without forgiveness. Let go, and let's go!!!
Deep scars, my friend! You should see Sammy's thighs!
Current Tonight See you all there! RSVP at
I've never heard anyone but you say that. And when JB throws himself w/ no chance of getting a shot off hes not very skilled
IT Certification - Cisco - Cisco Systems
I'm so excited u r graduating! Omg! What r u majoring in? Where do u work? I'm good! School and I intern at E! I'm excited 2 c u!
i continue to walk while throwing up. #noshame #carlproblems .
If the Broncos trade or cut Tebow, I will forever turn in my orange and blue fancard...
Was he like, "What are you still doing here?"
lol, i tried & it said it did & i dont know what happened after!
thanks for the RT! :-)
Only a few hours left to get in on INCOMPLETE PASSES giveaway on
Score after two, #Badgers tied with Mercyhurst 1-1, Wisconsin still leads shots 22-16.
I like Will too but I just love Jem :D I said that of he dies in the 3rd book I'm gonna cry,go into therapy,go into therapy &
you too!!
there's no health detriment to photoshop. The analogous thug would be no anorexia or bulimia or a penalty lt
It's sunny and 72F in Virginia Beach. After this winter, we're really looking forward to the ILLiad 2010 conference in 2 weeks!
yea last week. Naw um at home now but I'm not on break
Good Morning my fellow grinders I'm a high called #KingdomWork !
#Weight-Loss: The #carbohydrate-rich meal stimulates the production of #insulin, a hormone that helps to store
they do call it the windy city...
U were BRILLIANT & brave - loved it! Great to spend some time today with good friends & brilliant musicians!
oh no! Well new mls team with the best fans anyways. Watch a few matches and see if you like.
lmao bro u must b forgettn i love nicki to lmao hahahah i like how she kisses tho
he wanted to get out of NOLA but he was glad that trade got overruled cuz he came where he really wanted to be
he got one piece :)
Do you have curly hair?
I like you, ! By the way, your Twitter handle rimes with tornadiga.
attn attn revenge is the most perfect show ever
Tonight: NYC's only UNSIGNED ARTIST DEVELOPMENT PROGRAM! Perform your music & get educated on today's music biz. Club Pyramid NYC, 9pm, $15-
RT ICANN Extends New Domain Deadline Because of Bug: judgecorp writes "ICANN has extended the deadline for applicat......
we never have our random chit chats anymore
#kerosene is a top trending topic, and my boys are in top tweets. :')
Super tired but can't sleep. I'm trying to have faith in people coming through when they say they will but I can't seem to stop stressing
How can we help you find the perfect ring? RT : wedding dress shopping? *blinks* huh. *mumbles* I should buy a ring first.
nm working sup with u? How u been?
Our new toffee flavor, Chocolate Peanut Butter, will be out just in time for #Valentines Day!
HAHA! ..its cuz of our "twitter charm" ....and ya luv us <3
Sweet! Glad to see you follow us. Thankd for the follow!
because we are just watching a video
eh no u hungry hungry hippo
put me on ninja Swagg!
RT : hey would love a day here soon... //Me too! Let's go soon.
THIS JUST IN...we have the white Street Sign T-Shirts and Tanks for the spring/summer coming soon...make sure you get yours!!
This is going to be one of those years the Academy really regrets a lot of the awards.Best Picture, Best Director, Best Actor and Best Score
Thank you! Btw, had someone come to our booth and mention they went to TexasMedClinic last night! AWESOME!
Hey - I'm in SFO this weekend. Lunch? Coffee? xoxo
thanks for the mention!
ugh, I know! I hate it! haha. I'm trying to delete stuff to make it 1 pg, but I feel like it's important to keep some of it.
Great move by Rondo
Mike in the blog it is turning every "&" into "&amp;" It's very distracting What is going on? Lou
Tropical-theme musical, puppet, special interest video JOE SCRUGGS IN CONCERT: MUSIC, MONKEY BUSINESS & MORE (only on VHS for a reason)
RT : has been announced as an Alternate for the Accelerator in the Innovation category! 1 of only...
"Do not follow where the path may lead. Go instead where there is no path and leave a trail." Harold R. McAlindon
Can't wait to see what you get! RT My first shipped today! So excited.
Really wish you could just talk to me about how you feel..
That's not how it works, that's not how it goes.
YES!! RT : I love listening to Landau Eugene Murphy sing ..sounds like Sinatra has been reborn. #AGT >Close your eyes and he is.
Off to get ready for work. Have a great Friday everyone!
There's like a 78% chance I'm trippin', but I think I just saw my homie here in campus.
because of your heavy breathing on phone calls. #creepy #potusstalker cc //I HAVE ALLERGIES.
Great concert tonight for the KC Arts Council! members: no practice tomorow (sunday 24th). we'll see you wednesday!
love its great.. you just need to find the riight person!!! <3
I left the bullshit in the waiting room !
I <3 my Followers there the best
idk where the list starts lol
Did you see Nitro Circus tweeted me?
If two people are happy together, then leave them to it. It's THEIR lives.
#alwaysthewayitis and when you're not in a hurry...everyone else drives like a maniac! ha
Sleeping naked is the greatest thing since sliced bread
you are welcome! Just glad the websites up and running :) the other holland source seems to be dead a little :p
Lol, the problem is my dad takes me to school, so I'd make him late, too. Doesn't quite work.
Getting ready for LeaLa book fair - can't wait!
HAHAHA! my dog hates me because he thinks I'm yelling at him when we cause a turnover
Immelt chairing jobs council meeting with POTUS. "We need sense of urgency and a bias for action"
she really likes Scobee, what a year he had last year
Just one more day.to do me.
tale explains his song titles: "Earthtones." "Funk U." "Saddle Sore." "Loaded for Bear." "Baby Please Don't Go." ;)
but God is the One Who should have dominion in the heavens!
Well and I had an interesting night....
Does it happen in all projects with different test clips or just in one in particular project you're working on?
U think i doubt it
Keep your head up and stay coo happy mothers day
seriously, it was a routine to come home from school & check your blog. then you stopped posting and i died. glad your back!
Highlight of the week so far: a captivating presentation by Sheriff Gusman on the coded language used at sheriff sales.
Great Customer Service from today, needed a tie fixed and the onsite tailor fixed me right up.
WE heard exactly what Zimmerman said...and also what many of you are saying...RACISTS will be answered!!! Including YOU!
People just annoy me. Making themselves sound amazing and is if people love them on here. They're sucking up your ass. That's all.
from , "Always have a side project, and always be making things."
Learn something new each day-keep your eyes, ears and most of all your mind open.
New neighbor cookout today in Oliver! Hopefully it's the first of many! //
Happy teacher day! ": Thanks friend! Feeling very loved today :) RT : Happy Teacher Appreciation Day
20 states rank in C range or below in State Secrecy & Child Deaths Rpt– including 3 most populous states #California #NewYork &
* this b.tch just ate my alfredo noodles & shrimp ! . aghh , i almost ended her damn life ! . fr fr lol .
I just tweeted it about a 1/2 hour ago.
does the Queen seem to be set up on the wrong square?
Ali's Savage Traits - Custom Fangs & SFX is making two double sets of fangs today.
Jeff with CORE Vistas with an impressive time of 16.69 at the Kidde Fire & Co Safety Installation! Way to go!
very cool video
Going to commit to more instagram use
wish i was there!
You think ALA is bad? No matter what my email prefs, I always get metric tons of paper spam (but little email) from SLA vendors.
Imma make you my bitch. >:)
those moods where you hate everyone and want to bash your head into a wall
oh shit. PLANET PITA, HERE I COME!
More like he jumped the broom,
remember the days when would sing "Rush" by Paula Abdul and we'd run out the room? Haha. The video is on.
Debating if I'm going to plan to work overtime tomorrow or put the top down and just disappear for a while. Just want the pain to go away.
i am
Just got tickets to the idol concert can't wait to see Colton Dixon in Chicago
the emperor is not inthe original star wars
Happy #WineWednesday! What's your favorite Spanish wine?
You can't go out shagging balls in left field
Verizon - Can you hear me, (the customer), now?
Sad that Brandi Shearer will not be playing in NYC city this month, hope I make it through August NYC heat without...
Just made plans for the new hofbrauhaus house in Pittsburgh for next week.
or may you didn't draw it for a kid?
Wed trivia: Who said "Spring is nature's way of saying 'Let's Party!'?" Answer at noon.
HAPPY NEW YEAR!!! WE LOVE YOU TWEEPS!! #StaceyQ about to rock the house. First party of #2012!
illusion created by a few people
Have fun! RT . Sure I'll go to the Bulls game tonight with &
I just can't be happy!!!!!
good morning austin<3 more like evening over here lol! Did you have a good sleep?:)<3
You're a great speaker. Knock 'em dead!
Is #nameafolloweryousmashed really a trending topic? That sound like a hoe ass bitch move. lol how many can yu really name?
They are such hot heads.
are you reading poetry?!
Looking for a photo agent to represent me, anyone know any good ones to talk too?
Ugh. YES. And negativity is so contagious, whether we want it to be or not!
Just discovered Sara Watkins. Great sound.
I definitely only got like 4 hours of sleep
Wade's effort is scaring me but the fact that the Celtics are still ahead is great. If it continues to be 1 vs. 5, Heat lose.
Great use of tech: MT : Put 847411 (Tip411) in your cell contacts. Send keyword VCSO and an anonymous tip-msg to the Sheriff.
10 pm shit /: Night yall. I gotta be up early to help support my friends... they lost someone and it was just really sad...
As always, two Bell paramedics will be joining us for the show. If you know why, shhhh! Don't spoil the surprise! =) See you at 7:30pm!
#iusedtothink we was going to last forever but you didn't think the same
All or nuthin
I love you. Shut up.
Life is not about waiting for the storm to pass, It is about learning to dance in the rain.
Sometimes i wonder about all of this..
I feel the same way, zecco is cheaper, too.
I had an awesome weekend too!
have a safe flight! Xo
when someone describes in their profile as being "mostly angry tweets," I can hardly blame you for that! Don't let it get to you
NOW you decide to follow me?! It only took a night at coyote ugly to finally make it Twitter official we're friends? Ha:)
I've done 3 halfs before, find bags to be a burden. Arm band for phone, keys through a shoe string, pocket 4 treats and cards.
eatin my taters
excited for a show weekend will all of my groups - in the same place!!
don't be afraid to stop by some time in Louisville
awe thanks so much!!!
i know right, my friend has them :3
Great Dane brewpub to help Great Danes. Eat at any of 4 Madison locations June 14, 21 and 28 and 20% goes to Dane County Humane Society.
where is this magic place that you live where people not only know who is, but, they come in on time?
you too man ;) have a good one
why not support tax reform. It's the greatest source of power for politicians and corporations.
doing what you love for a living is not work its liveing comfortable
Watching "Hey Rookie" man this Knowshon guy's gonna be good! #Broncos should take him at 12... oh wait this is a replay from 09...
Halstead Property Development Marketing had 45 signed contracts on new development units in February 2011! Up 40% from 2010!
Be A Leader Not A Follower
oh what a day
Gotta crack that whip;-)
I've rounded another exhaustion corner and now I'm writing fucked up shit. Funtimes. I should be in fucking bed. Writing is stupid.
is such a G
thanks for the retweet!
Movie Review: ‘Crazy Horse’
We've decided to focus our initial giving efforts in Ethiopia, where there is much need.
madison you're so adorable tho.
If theres one bug I hate, its the illness bug.
Thank you for hosting a great event!
That makes sense! Good show, fun times, beautiful song.
I love that off all my tweets the one about poop in the library stirred up so much convo!
One big room, fulla real niggas
Bob the builder n young Asian persuasion are funny!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
thanks for the RT. love social enterprises and the creativity they require.
How come when you clear your Notification Center on iOS it doesn't subsequently remove the badge icon from the app you cleared?
I'd be on the floor passed out, MK references that A LOT!
Unfortunately insolvency is still a real possibility. The first interim budget with its proposed $92 million in cuts is not the worse ca ...
Just got inspired by lets see what newness comes from this!
Business opportunity/investment opportunity. #vemma hit me up
thanks karine! you rock! we'll be posting new songs soon so keep it touch with us!
WHEN U FEEL DOWN,GO N BE A BLESSING TO SOME ONE ELSE..
I Lost 2 Followers D; Vass HAppening ?!?!
Leavin the house
Today's beard....Saint Benedict of Nursia! Got an old one today! Greatbeardsofhistory.com
I will, thank you.
you are Mikey's girlfriend? OMG I'm Nick's girlfriend! ...and so are millions of other girls, sweetie.
Swag it. Aye
los, SCAD was awsome and so was the SCAFE!
none in my directory thus far but they are extremely scarce.
Ron Paul would make the best history teacher in the land. Damn he knows his shit.
This is Steam's sale on it too. PROTIP: get the two little DLCs together and save a few MORE pennies.
you can say that again! Lol
Just wakeing up time for my green tea and ride a few miles on the bike gotta get my cardio on
I prefer tongue-tied knowledge to ignorant loquacity.—Marcus Tullius Cicero
Gail Zwirner at University of Richmond just found an obscure article for me and made me look like a superstar. Thanks, Gail!!
There has to be pictures somewhere
happy to have talked w/ mentor this morning
Whatsup with u
if you intern at the maury show, you will meet "interesting" people.
CASH BOOST FOR TEAM GB
You're getting a lot more done than me! Is RowFit related to WiiFit? It sounds fun.
Your heart is a door that takes the key of love to open it up...Don't give that key to just anybody.
Yo #arapgov12 crew, I hope you study for your test longer than you wait in the Rita's line.
We have all had those tweets that are simple and innocent and expand to include loads of ppl for a long time. THAT!
check out upcoming Female MC!!
I am not guaranteeing anyone's safety. It will be an ADVENTURE! :)
Many friends are fighting #Depression #BiPolar #Anxiety and substance abuse. Shame and silence are death.
Watched ScarJo and Josh Hartnett in 'The Black Dahlia.' The high school version of 'L.A. Confidential.'
Sent VIA DM.
Do we really only have 2 weeks left?
It's hard to fall asleep with stuff on the mind............well for me at least.
I love the sun today!! :)
Im finally dyeing my hair tonight!! is gonna do it for me tho haha
Your performance in Austin at Republic Live was GREAT!
I'm dead tired. Fuck.
his next fight he's gonna get his ass BEAT!!!
Keep it simple.
Didn't know the genre was called #quietstorm . My day has been officially made!
Thanks to the Lord for days like these
Steve Blake's steal against Duke at mid-court. Smart. Hustle. Driven.
Ra Digga My Nigga.... Hehehehe come visit one day... im off all summer!
oh I won't...been peeping u for a minute...nice moves..smh me..
Omg just loving Lilah so much haha she's the light of my life
And out trot the assclowns.
.RT : At least Ted Nugent didn't threaten to make any new music.
I don't tweet that hard. This is America. We have words for people like you. Words indicate knowledge, and that indicates Being. You're mean
lmao youll be alrite im sure you wont ruin it. Unless you got gumdrops! Just sayin
haha that was a fun presentation. I cant wait this week
i love you
Obnoxious laughter<<<<<<<
Me und got huge plans
23rd is buzzing on this beautiful evening -- kids eat free tonight! :)
Definitely under
I'm not sure mate, you never know with Barca but I do hope Madrid wins
: haha. i guess im getting "beat up" tomorrow. lmfaoooo .
'm back! And it's all because of you!
haha thanks your cool too lolol & okay do that lol I got mines (:
Dance tomorrow
Thanks for the retweet! We're hoping to catch a glimpse of Louis-Dreyfus when the show starts filming.
its 4/20 take a guess
sorry :( try some solarcaine spray. That really helps! :)
my bad it was raining
LMAO ! One day Cat, one day he will realize what he has right in front of him an he will run to you <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00B8><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0083>=<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008D><U+2764>
here's hoping!
Verizon disputes the danger of hands-free cell use by drivers. Diabolical arguments like this make business a bogeyman. Blu-tooth kills.
Mantra summer. Eat only foods your grandma ate. No process, cans or phony little.
yes! Totally scared the girl on the elliptical next to me with my 20 min fake sprint
delicious muffins! I had no idea there was a surprise inside!!!
Although Commom's does to drake was trash , he still is very lyrical and good at what he does
Is going to the State Fair tonight, but forgot my camera ;-(
What is your favorite pizza topping?
I'd rather drive with no shoes on.
Spring break needs to hurry up
Happy Thursday<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>yes you can do it!!
Okay, those of you up early tune into
Its so funny when I type "IONO" and people be like what's that? Lol
it was good talking to earlier even if it was only for five minutes xD
No! Haha, but at least she knows you tried. And we're glad she likes it!
I juss want you to know i'm more then a fan, and more then a mahomie.
Every Monday in May will donate 20% of your purchase to MM when you say "Metropolitan Ministries" at time of purchase!
Great. Send it to and include a very short bio of yourself.
I'll see you tonight for dinner at nada! Get ready for a crazy night ;)
We only need 11 more followers to reach 1000 Followes on Twitter! Retweet us & help the first ever real time fantasy sports stock market!!
And now bed... I know its cliche to put this as my status, but its true.... goodnight twitter... have a good night loves... :)
It's a five dollar footlong day for me! #SUBWAY's Jalapeño Tuna is fabulous. Come try one!
“Don't cry because it's over, smile because it happened.”
Based God
skinny people snort cocain too.
best carnitas burrito and tamales in LA
Lord make me over again<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>- Tonex
I just passed a womans correctional facility .... Where the fuck are we? and Where are we going?
can i have ur fun140 account link
pop by the booth to claim your "share the love" kit! RT : Super-excited! share the love this
Sleeping in, like I should have done.
#Spring is here at last! Are you doing anything special to celebrate? I may bust out some flip flops …
would love to hear Gloriana's (Kissed You) Good Night - please and thank you! :)
are you going tomorrow night?
it was initially a 50% chance, now down to 30%. Hoping for the best! Besides, it's indoors :)
This just gives me high blood pressure.
#FF Playboy's 50th Anniversary Playmate,
Hey love you lots, but could you update your editor so Chrome's built-in spellcheck works? Yours...leaves something to be desired
Go bobcats!!!!!
we'll be there!
ahahahahahahaha. so love you for that.
Get what? Me? Our friendship? Yea it's a mystery in itself..
great stuff jason!
YES!!! there singing Cell Block Tango!!!!! My Song!
HvZMod FACT: is the group minority and is currently channeling Usher.
Vanderbilt tennis teams earn NCAA tournament invitations
Being forced out of the house to go to Starbucks.
sure! following u now..
Oh we good. We good. You should stop in sometime soon and say hello!
Excited about opening for one of my favorite artists w/ it's gonna be
It's not that I'm so smart, it's just that I stay with problems longer.
Just wanting to say Happy Birthday to my little sister Kamyryn Love you!<U+2665>
We have to STOP looking at what we don't have and START being thankful for what we do have.
Tournament in Clearwater
is looking for actors, actresses, models, singers, and dancers for his documentary film titled Masked Acting: Leading with the Mask.
I don't even know. Probably not much, I feel like shit.
That track meet just makes me want to wrestle even more.
just let him do the condescending tweets haha. Nobody else
Van Halen w/David Lee Roth perform in #SanDiego in June. Opening act: Kool & The Gang. Who's in?
Completers perform better in "obstacle" courses than noncompleters.
Morning love. How was ur sleep last nite my love?
The Winds of Bullshit
Working and finishing assignments on a sunny Sunday afternoon.
Oh no it's basically water to us now...get over here by the way time to party
is online!!:O I wonder if today will be the day all my dreams come true and he tweets me<33 #Believe #neversaynever !:D
Everytime I've stopped by to say hello, you've had a crowd around you. Hope you're having a good show!
thanks Frank it really was a great day all around
what kind of food? And whats your price range
go go white sox
i cant believe how u have changed .u really look like a hot macho straight man now,amazing...
Shout out tonight to Reconnection Drama Team and the Children's Ministry of FCF for a great Easter production. Thanks to all who helped!!
ebilling, lit support, and legal sales folks come and find me!
i like living in my bubble. this world is scary.
We have #fattuesday specials tonight from 10-close. Come check us out and keep the party going!!
Tomorrow I have to stay after school till 7.
thank God on a daily basis and things will come around quicker.
#pressure of life suffocates me sometimes
The old man behind me has gone from "Ya drink enough and the rain don't matter" to "It's almost past my bedtime." I hope to be him someday.
Logic over Emotions...
Back dat ass up!
If you don't have time to do it right you must have time to do it over. ~ Russian Proverb
Morning fans :) sorry we havent tweeted in a while :( so much stuff goin on! But the crew is forming :) promise you all!
Graduating this summer? How about graduation travel cash for a well deserved trip! Lets send you clever students packing on myTab.co!
You've dug my grave but I pushed you in it.
Keep hitting on me bro, i like it...
Hey, look who's in the front row if the student trading card.
you get a better deal getting 2 small frosties than 1 medium
Frankk Ocean! thats all i got to say..... lol
Question 5: What would you think if you are dating someone, you make plans, and then they blow you off without an excuse?
you're so pretty & talented! It would mean soo much if you could follow me back!!(:
i have a few $5 gift card codes but can only use one per order? lame.
what's happening in Fremont?
yes, coffee please.
We had do much fun at the Like Crazy premiere tonight!
Are you reaching out to others and networking?
LET US HELP...
Looking for promotional models 21+ available May 5th for Bud Light. Send 3 photos and contact info to:
haha ik and also sorry I didn't answer FaceTime last night the benedryl made me pass out randomly
Coming up with a giveaway soon! :)
Justin meet Haydn :)
Dont click the link. My account was hacked!
feeling energized and inspired after #csctf today!
i dont even know who you're talking about but thats the truth
Oregon does have it going on. Right? Love it - never leaving.
hoping will still be at the Chicago show even though it's on Valentine's Day.
TOM FUCKING PARKER LISTEN YOU NEED TO FOLLOW ME OR REPLY
What color should I paint my nails?
So yesterday was just beyond a great day! U can say that yesterday was my lucky day! ^__^
RT : A friend is a person with whom I may be sincere. Before him I may think aloud. - Ralph Waldo Emerson RT :
Strep throat is no fun. I'm counting the minutes until my next round of painkillers.
what other former players are playing in that #SWTG game sunday?
can i have julian or tristan please :)
Tom & his two little sweethearts are kicking back with us today -- family friendly all the way, every day.
Bored Af Work Later On
get the pillows and blankets ready
The world is full of cactus, but we don't have to sit on it. - Will Foley
When I was a kid a flight attendants were hot. They didn't look like your grandmother.
Someone just asked me if a bubbler was champagne.
love u as an announcer but please clip that hair in honor of the LA Clippers! Smiles
writing a song. WISH ME LUCH
Performing hit Single "Earthquake"2nite -10pm -8572 Santa Monica Blvd West Hollywood $10@ door $5 each for U & a Friend, Don't miss out
I'll be here!
Hopefully someone will tell James Franco to use his inside voice.
Did they discover Maggie's body or did I miss the episode?
Hoping the thunder doesn't wake up my little guy;)
I probably ought to stop before I finish the entire packet of
Thanks for the RTs!
only if you had the ikeep..
William Kristol, head of right-wing Emergency Committee for Israel: 'I agree with Obama’s Israel policies to a considerable degree.'
Nothing like hearing an 8yo absently singing to himself 'sea of heartbreak' as he readies to brush his teeth in the morning
What an ass.
That moment when you tell your girl you don't feel like I priority in her life and she says ," I have a life, I have other things". <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094>
Michelle Williams #BestDressed I live for #LouisVuitton so beautiful and chic!
can't for tomorrow's internet to be all about nerdy shit again, rather than gameball.
It's as if law & order SVU is a graveyard for last year's good actors on cancelled tv shows. 1....2.....
Lil bastard I went to go see Ronnie play lol
I will commit suicide if Ian Poulter wins The Players.
Cheap Drug - Savings up to 65% - Target - BRAND Prescriptions -
If I gave you guys more time to send stuff in for the birthday video, would more of you do it?
Amen! RT : Be careful of your choice in men. What you think is your knight in shinning armor may turn out to be a fool in tin foil.
Excited about tomorrow. Cant wait to see what Im gettin..(:
“: A single text from you can change my mood at any moment.”
Last week to get the dissertation finished. It's going to be painful and long but then I will get my life back! Which will be nice!
Ok Avery Bradley on Marvin Williams has to stop. Ray Allen enters the game
Okay #TweetPeeps, truly time for #SweetSlumbers! Hoping our dreams come true!
love it! New favorite song! :) love you! <3 follow please? 2
yeah I am! I haven't made an event on FB yet but I think it's June 9th 1-3. I better see you there! (:
your muscle milk is in the lobby momma
Soaking some apples in a little Sailor Jerry, the Pumpkin-apple spiced muffins are gonna have a 'lil bite to 'em!
My interview with Channel 7 should air this Sunday October 17, 2010 on the evening news!
as long as that harmony involves less \t, redundant "NODE"'s and <CR>'s I'll be pretty psyched #thisisnotfortran ;-)
So true! MT #Petpeeve The word "narrative." Pretentious, ubiquitous. 3/15 column. 2x on this wk. ENOUGH!
S.W.A.G- Someone Who Adores God
that's real doc
If you want #informative tweets, you should follow me RT Love your tweets, very informative. Go Bruins!
I agree! I want my girlfriend to be here!
Congrats to Cafe Juanita chef Holly Smith! Nominated "outstanding chef"! Well deserved!
#WalkingDead has been really good this season. I HATE waiting for the next show!
students make sure to check your e-mails in case classes are canceled. Some at already are. Stay warm!
Happy Mother's Day to all the moms out there - you are appreciated and loved!
wonderful vacation spent in Santa Barbara.... sometimes fresh air, warm water, great sun just do it for me
Cody's cover of Better Together >>>>>
correction..when can we crash over???
Celebrating our new name—the University of Maryland Francis King Carey School of Law—during the Dean's Convocation
Freddy, sorry you overshare a wee much. Good luck in your acting career.
@ 3 suns bistro listening to a few jams with my buddy . whats going on in lex tonight?-BH
dude cc was safe at home!!!!
UPCOMING SHOWS......THIS SATURDAY MAY 19.2012 in baltimore for THE MAYORS SUPER SUMMER FEST
that would be awesome!!! :)
hey what's up been a min, how's the spring/summer trans treating you?
Guess #Tebow really wanted to watch tonight's season premier of
join our league
I looovvveee my cheek bones! @
If you have an "I <3 Haters" sticker on your car...
I luv music..it makes irritatin situations nd ppl more tolerable..
Oh Tampa Bay wtf???
RT : Eat cucumbers! The are composed mostly of water and are an excellent source of silica, vitamins A & C and folic acid.
just proof once again that those who r upset w Yo think the season is 25 games. Turn on NFL draft and tune in back in Sept!
friends are God's way of taking care of us. Love u Denver!
Do you play Mage the Awakening? Or Fading Suns?
"No men in the world of a more insolent spirit... before they begin a matter & more abject if they do miscarry." Pepys on French, 1661.
Going back to bk to meet up a guy I like
Good After Noon Bielbers
i do!
Making money is art and working is art and good business is the best art of all.
pls follow me back
Team Empirical is out tonight celebrating Bill's birthday. Much beer shall be imbibed
what is the special today?
Lesson learned. Never try and shoot evil ghost with handgun. They'll just make it explode and blow off your hand...
when it comes to the inefficient administration of water monopolization, fascist dictatorships are annoying at a very personal level.
lol I thought it was good
Wow is right! Welcome! : are here all the way from London! Woweee! #SeaTweetUp is international!
There are no guarantees. From the viewpoint of fear, none are strong enough. From the viewpoint of love, none are necessary.
So I'm opening for R5 featuring Ross lynch of Disney Channel's Austin & Ally next Monday in Portland :) tweet me for ticket info!
1983, black unemployment rate:21.2%.In '00 it was7.6%.Where are we now?15.8%. Progress reversed.Job creation in our communities is critical.
hate people like that
Alright Lee! Link audition AND Warrior Dash?! You've had a great weekend so far I'd say!
He should/ppl that hvnt been there don't get it RT LHam (rightly) corrects ? who refers to Bona as a lesser caliber team
gotta catch up to me! :D
I spent 1 hour lifting weights. 542 calories burned.
and I love the fact that gronk hit that
Oh okay. Well if you weren't trying to be offensive, then they should calm there tits.
I agree. Have been blogging about this too. Come guest blog for me, pls.
I can text you
Thanks for stopping by
RT RT : On the train to Baltimore!! Welcome to Charm City, you already look like a Raven! Good things ahead...
I TEACH REAL ESTATE INVESTING
Mode of the day! Melodic Minor from the second degree gives you a Dorian b2, try it over a Dom7sus4b9 Chord, very cool!
Otp with this person that in SATURDAY school lmfao !!
Welcome !!!!! : Fancy new twitter profile page! Officially Tweeting the all the happenings at Flowers by Cina
By machine I mean software machines. A lay person might point to a small phone (big phone) playing a movie. Granted but think Android
Hopefully this doesn't end with a trip to the hospital.
Good question! For me its more the candidate listing important aspects of specific projects vs what a PM does in general
i think i left my liver in the bottom of a glass somewhere. and i'm the only one at work right now. someone else's karma must've got me.
ok do u no if anyone esle is here?
I'm bout to find out how much you really going to miss me this week...
For our next project, I teamed up with Carly Calvert to produce a web-series titled "On Tap." Our first show will be taped on 3/13/12....
Hey are you free this Saturday? We would love to have you at the Indie Book Fest! cc:
Be nice
A6) - social media - word of mouth, followed by loyalty
Dan, your new show is the best thing that has ever happened to man kind. My new favorite show
lovecoleworld asked: I have seriously have made your page full of J Cole material! #ColeWorld :D tmblr
I didn't even slap you that hard tho -_-
I Have Ice Cream C:
I get anxious talking about myself but I can talk about acting and stand-up comedy ALL DAY LONG!
Get it tonight bro. I know you will kill it
happy anniversary to you and Mr voodoo :-)
Unfortunately I didn't get to visit this time. I will try on the next visit. I did see your billboard on the strip though!
I think I might make some custom Jordans
All history may be transfigured beyond recognition in the light of the imagination.
How's everybody doing this morning?
Q2 #libchat definitely mention the options in special libraries ... such as medical, law, art, etc.
If he/she does not meet your standards or completes you...you're gonna look elsewhere eventually
Renewing your drivers license online... Now that's convenient. Guess the state is doing some things smart these days after all...
“: If I drink alcohol I am alcoholic. So if I drink Fanta, am I fantastic?”>>>LMBO u r a trip sir
Wow. Bears had that one gift wrapped
RT check out RT You rap? Send me some acapellas over mate. You can check me beats on my soundc...
Need the 's help! This is about the takeover of dynasty's in Miami!
Can you just tell me what it is? Lighten up for God's sake.
Since this morning, I've eaten 1/2 a bag of fun size twix bars. Ok, I ate the whole bag. Whatever. Shut up.
I my wife weren't a PT, I most assuredly would have retired from recreational sports years ago.
LOL, Night Night
WE LOVE YOU!!! EP IS GODLIKE!!
Ugh Nuggets what happened exactly? & poor Bird I'm so sorry.
Ramirez is too talented & I think last season was fluke. Would be awesome to get him in the middle of the lineup playing wallball off monsta
Today is $5.00 Monday! Come out & enjoy a great film and free music in the cafe.
since I do Social Media now as a profession, I got involved in local Social Media groups and love the exposure!
NO. HE'S MINE.
is somebody drinking the hatorade this am with my dancing?? Lol
Thanks for sharing our video, Ryan :) Happy Star Wars Day!
We have some updates to the Firefox 6 Beta article recently published coming shortly.
mobile apps as the new meanwhile, filling what had been "down time"
Go Bucks! RT : Are you a Buckeye believer yet? Already have on the bandwagon, and there's more room.
so apparently we partied with yoko ono last night !
just saw tweets! been buried in VERY important things, aka prom shopping. now hair.. let's talk.
Feed The D in 1080p coming your way!
Remember how awkward it felt to wet the bed? I miss those days.
Good evening! Welcome to the #SmallBizPgh #TweetChat. We are thrilled to introduce featured guest ! Give her a warm welcome!
Not. My. Day.
Wrapping up 2011 last week of CD & DVD manufacturing & closing the week between Christmas & New Year's. Thanks all!
Thanks for all the shoutouts. I haven't been on - NZ internet sucks! 13 days until we're home, by the way(!)
We are so happy that we have 600 followers now! Thanks to all of our followers!
On my way! To 7/11 to get sweets
If it's the last thing I do before I leave this small town I will remind everyone just where I stand.
One Tuesday in Española, a man woke up early and shot off a gun for an hour, at a target he set up, to the great annoyance of his neighbor.
Stop stressing over someone who broke your heart they don't deserve your tears.
We are headed into extra innings, #Dodgers tie the game in the bottom of the 9th 3-3
I NEED A DRINK !
There hasn't been a Grand Opening date set yet. We'll be sure to let you know as soon as we can!
looking forward to seeing you at
everytime i say sum with ppl try to mke me mke him follow me
<3 .caffeine of miracle joyous the ,oh
Watchin videos (: get at me bro! Very talented (;
all bad' . aha but I'd rather b home then here -_-"
Thoughts on Seahawks QB situation? As a Wisconsin guy, I would love to see Russell Wilson win the job right away!!
Oh you fancy huh? :P
Curtis Granderson name thrown in AL MVP conversation. Cabrera, Ellsbury, Verlander & Bautista also In topic
food is my LIFE
feeding my dog!! You?
Yes please RT : A2. Chorizo breakfast burrito with jalapenos, onions & chicken eggs
Any Nana's or #glutenfree fans in the #SantaCruz area? We need your help and will generously reward you with #cookies!
. Thanks, man. If you ever have an idea for a story, let me know.
I get that hubby is sick. I don't need a blow by blow description of his mucus. Gross.
PREACH!!! RT Ima have to put sum videos on chingobling.com TOP TEN promoter mistakes... Then TOP TEN artist mistakes
ha, I guess I probably thought something like that too
Sick ass pool party mad girls come thru everyone invited LOL dale
Let every man be respected as an individual and no man idolized. – Albert Einstein
Ideal Sans! Sofia Pro! Verlag! Scripts and Egyptians!
God Rest their souls
beautiful boy congrats
I had a dream last night that I had a talking snake for a pet. Did you slither into my subconscious last night?
The X-Factor tapings in Greensboro are on my birthday! :O
I had no fucking idea wat this dude said but he gave me his number #nice haha
Happy First Day of Spring!! #Milwaukee, could you ask for a more beautiful Day?! Amazing!
Justin Bieber Dumped by Selena Gomez - Not Again? - Gather Celebs News Channel
u still want table and bottle? DM me ur number quik so i can get it set.
Have you seen the new movie? Watching it, I remembered how meta The Muppets are—explains a lot about my generation. :)
Like always. I hate that feeling...
I so wish I could like it! It makes me kinda sad I don't.
thanks for the follow
Go to Australia, its amazing. Or Boston for all the rich American history :)
couldn't agree more better everything at Chipotle
Opening weekend for my U-13 team. Two games this weekend. Would be nice if the rain stay's away.
How is your brain? Free cranial tests for all at Scotland Yard Pub Tomorrow at 8pm. The only real Pub Quiz!
- just cooling mann... Just done with a project, so I blazingg up before I start another one.
I like people who actually put effort into talking to me.
I thought only girls were bitches but i know some bitchass niggas..
how the government wants to take out the black leaders.. so we have no voice, stay divided ...
Frank I heard this song the other day. It went like this: "bee bee bee, bee, be, boo boo boo, boo, bo" can you help?!
At least my picture doesn't make me look like a giant turd!
Thomas : U haveing Fun? Me: Yes aloot of fun :D hbu? Thomas: HELL YEAH!!! Me : hahahaha hahah i Love are Conversations(: :)ILYShawty<3
SALE! #Black Friday Rents has all ur holiday gifts. Sale starts @ 10am, hurry while supplies last.
miss you too<3
heading to hp innovations in education lunch celebration @ Sheraton
It really hit home; I was never homeless but I did grow up in the system & it kind of goes hand & hand
Just about. You might not believe it, but you'd be surprised how wrong you are.
Cant have a week end to my self -_-
Don't worry, be happy. (:
#ecoaccents loves It's Sew Wright!
There's always next time!
Go follow ; and tweet me if u did I'll. Follow u
Maroon 5 fas a hit on their hands
im gonna send you something i want to make you a poster for your wall and ima give you a pimped out basketball:):)
A wedding is just like a funeral except that you get to smell your own flowers.
We are heading to our first event for the day. Tweeting more soon.
Painfully true->RT : RT : Avaya's Shockley: "The only thing millennials use email for is to talk to old people."
Next time I'm in town this is on the agenda RT : Bro leaving Russian & Turkish baths: "I feel like I can run a mile."
You can develop a hashtag as a means to create a community centered on your organization or area of interest.
Three different #penis topics are trending. I guess it really is a man's world.
Hey #highered folks, is there a good college search site that focuses mostly on cost and affordability?
THEM TACOS MAN GO ALL OUT I EAT THOSE 3TIMES A WEEK BRUH IF WE WIN ABDC STRAIT UP YU GON SEE ME PROMOTE THOSE TACOS !!!
tunein radio has it. Can send a link in the morning.
What dont kill you can only make you stronger.
My guys won their regular season finale. Playoffs here we come !
Tiny Lister from The Fifth Element got things done.
Not a good ending..
Somehow 90 minutes in a sensory deprivation tank seems much shorter than the last 90 minutes of my work day today.
Hi Jenn! It was great meeting you this week. You have a good time at the show?
Its comes a time where you have to party and let go of all the stress & #Bs the world Brings you.
I'm trying to claim a venue while logged in but the option isn't there. If someone already claimed it, how do I override?
I wouldnt leave you even if you asked me to
aliens I ment
I know. I was expecting one crazy back & forth w/a pissed off customer. Not entire twitter feed w/one apology after another
#Lamar just doesn't learn. Voekel with the ball fake and its enough to give McGlynn a step and an open three. #Vermont leads 59-47 6 to play
"When love & skill work together, expect a masterpiece." ~ JOHN RUSKIN What do you love? What do you know? What are you good at? GO, GO, GO!
Oh, I disagree. He is far better looking now than he was in the 80s.
follow me ou god please<3
No matter what role he plays, Michael Imperioli will always be Christopher...
Sweet, staff are dropping by tomorrow to tour our office & program. So excited!
Last break of the day. Just lost a 40k pot that was all in on turn, and she hits a 5-outer to stay alive. Still at 160k.
Good Morning! An artist cannot fail; it is a success to be one. -Charles Horton Cooley
HUGE #Sale coming up this month! #May 19-20th, same day as our #Pepper #Workshop. 10% off everything in the store!
DJs interested in spinning at Quiksilver - South Beach - Lincoln Road this Sunday please contact:
#bieberfact Justin's forst kiss was at age 13, at a school dance. He made the 1st move (song playing: How to Save A Life by the Fray.)
It means balls
Protesters reassembling at Wash Sq Pk. Join us!
how u doin beautiful...love it . U n Miami ? U should come to Gryphon tonite if so?
Lincoln back out there in the 6th with 68 pitches.
nobody puts Half Pint in the corner.
Feeding babies in high chairs is a silent film genre that needs some revisiting! Thanks Martina Roepke for the 17.5mm treat
thank u! Was taken at the haunted mansion at disneyland
If me and Jordan had a baby, it might be ugly but it wont be that ugly !
I just want someone to take care of me. Is that really so much to ask?!
She is She will tell you to immediately lose your egg avatar :)
I thought you were one of the "good guys". You sure proved me wrong.
Tip #181: AQ will get you into more trouble than any other hand. Play it with pot control and
Thanks! Reading four Hocking books in a row was definitely an experience...
Juss got out of church.
My Friday night? Drinkin' rose and watching (the one about bugs & animals) on Netflix w/ my Boo.
VERY COOL. Love Youth Frontiers!
but good performance
But, the question is, who do YOU want? What do u think bout Weeden at 22?
RT All this casual usage of the word Nazi has totally turned me into an unnecessary Nazi-Reference Nazi.
Thank you for your support!
how rude!! Haha I def would. Well, maybe if you told me I couldn't have it in the first place.
They have crosswalks and ped flags but I wonder if a ped stop light might be more effective. It's a busy neighborhood.
no...thank you for the follow ;o)
no right now I'm in pre algebra they want me to take geometry
Spread the word! RT : Hey congrats on the commitment to feeding families in Africa through !!! -ZS
right.nah i wanna leavee already the school is all fucked up. but i heard you met chris brown? CONGRATS!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Go Coyotes...*gag*
As the sun typically does.
Sounds amazing! Can't wait to come visit!
Thanks for the #FF!
Boom RT THURSDAY on EITM Danny McBride, tickets to see , another chance to see w/ in LA, and more
-- or exercise!
I WANT MY LUNCH 11:50!
The campaign should be done with Rick Santorum after tonight.
The ones that provide a check every other Friday.
I wud be too if I knew the truth! Lol!
unfortunately yes! No thxgivng w family + friends bc I'm not allowed 2 play a skill game in the "land of the free".. sad :(
me too! I didn't say anything either.
give me a second k
LES GO COWBOYS....3 TOUCH DOWNS.THATS WHAT IM TALKING ABOUT?
aha Just Watched & 's Ratchet Girl Anthem Official Video...I Can't Get Enough Of It, Its A Must See... Watch It!! :)
The next trick is using the data to make material improvements on state & emergency services policy.
Did I miss the part where you're giving back your entire salary too?
So, Santorum is having a fundraising campaign called Conservatives Unite Moneybomb... That's right, CUM. You can't make this shit up,
Hope you made it safely to Chicago! Sorry I'll be missing the conference. Enjoy :-)
who doesnt love a pug?! Just had an amazing doggie photoshoot for Fox News..you should bring your dogs by the studio for pics!
Your welcome.
Maybe... But how awesome is that!
"Good communication spells the difference between a leader and a manager." - Dr. Richard Eisenbeis
My pick: Packers in rout 42-17 over the rothlessburgers.
yes yes why don't we?
congrats on the commitment bro... Proud of u !
Byron Leftwich was re-signed with the Steelers. He's had just 18 snaps in the past 2 years.
#WordsINeverWantToHear We need to be just friends... That would hurt.
Homemade buffalo chicken #pizza might be the best thing ever!
I love LOVE and I'm thrilled with what he said at #ComedyAwards. should have at LEAST been nominated.
it's like 500 degrees in this room, i am seriously about to die
“: Nobody will change until they want to, so stop frustrating yourself by trying to change other people. Pray, and let God work!”
Why turn to an energy drink for a pre-game boost when a light snack high in carbs can give you the same energy that will last longer
No. Unless I'm drunk,
To Be Honest... That was the best episode of #glee ever!
You need to tweet with your inside voice then nigga RT : it wasn't even a subtweet I was jus thinkin out loud and shit lol
So theirs this guy... His name is Joseph.... And i really like him.
Occupy... my pants!
Rick Siskey – Catching up on past episodes of Shark Tank and The Apprentice.
startin off Twitter fresh with a new pic... expect big things from the goat in the following weeks!!!
ugh! I had to just bite the bullet and pay my fine. Not fun.
lmao at this! Outstanding Gaffer.
Scientists have been targeted by animal activists groups the same way that #farmers have been. Should work against partisanship.
If photography was like rockstars, you guys would be the Beatles or U2 of photography. Absolutely amazing!
I shall now commence sleep mode. Initiating... Sleep mode activated, loading dreams... Processing dreams... Having no idea what they mean...
me too!
Propehcy without instruction is like a Bentley without keys.
Thank you for the RT!
thanks for the mention! We hope you enjoyed the painting party!
Trying to figure out NateGate..
Now you're making me want to watch it. I am a sucker for a boy with dimples.
S/o to Yo, If you in the "A", let's link up next week bro. Keep me posted.
<3 RT : Tweeting to you brings back yummy memories of your delish sandwiches!
Let's label this current stream of thought "reasons I'm not in School Administartion"
omfg im so inspirational, stay strong bbz x o x o x o x o x o
Time for work! Still tired though.. :/
When my children don't choose healthy foods, I change their choices. If we don't buy it, they won't have it.
In this life we cannot always do great things. But we can do small things with great love. -Mother Teresa
I fucking love lemons
I love logging on twitter and seeing a bunch of new monsters following me. We're more than just fans, we're a family.
fishnet stockings! Lol
So then: How do coaches get the rookies up to speed in short time w/o 2-adays and how does 2011 playbook change?
he str8... I'm committed to my #TriggaBooBear doe
I wouldn't date a guy who is ALWAYS IN THE CLUB
Taking the bus home from work today. What fun!
Davis decided he was going to be a factor for UK this time. Good movement from guys on both teams without the ball
Wow just spoke up for the first time for something I strongly believe in. Felt good but weird
The main ingredient in Subway's 9-Grain Wheat Roll is refined flour—it's no better than white bread!
wow yes they would be..
tweet a pic with the new spray tan=delicious!!
Hi friends.. Tired as hell from work and gym!! Shower and bed lol.... Good night,
excellent. asap please! do give an idea when if you have one. oxoxo b
Mission at 7 PM! 30 minutes!! Humans, bring LOTS of darts!!
I remember my first #Crush. And I am not talking about orange soda.
JOE BIDEN's oral skullduggeries : The ramblings of a decaying, confused mind, purely for comic relief
Glad you made it!
: How is this different than any other day?
Wouldn't that be supremely fantastic! RT : Harry Potter time-turner device? Cloning?
Mr. Nothing To Prove Your Statements. :D
I Neva seen Spongebob take off his face and smoke
<--- FOLLOW OR I'LL BIEBER-SLAP YOU!!
I'm going to see "The Cabin in the Woods" tonight. I also watched both "Human Centipede" films over weekend. Lots to discuss!
Good afternoon all!! Get it!!
So maybe now would be a good time to send the agent some chocolates to boost their spirits
Elegant...probably not. It's a seafood restaurant. I'm having crab cakes, scallops and dirty martínis. How's that?
“: Whoever said nothing was impossible never tried slamming a revolving door :}”
can't find it bro can you resend?
quit singing & start pooping.
BEAT THE HEAT!!!!
agreed! Close but fail....
Living the life as a shortie
Still up can't go back to sleep
THANKS. You AND your grandmother exemplify the definition. ; )
I ain't sleeping. I'm just taking a good look at the insides of my eyelids.'
Haha, Your Beautiful :) .
Torain's value is going to ebb/flow, if you can get two solid starters for 1, given Hillis and Bradshaw's injuries I do it
I managed to bankrupt a franchise in only three seasons on MLB 2K11. Makes me wonder how much control I should have over my own finances.
it was awful! Used the inhaler for my asthma as I walked off!
I keep telling ya'll that I'm back but then I stop tweeting. And I just feel bad.
We are with you Judge Smith...
I'm so excited to get my tongue pierced yay
this summer better be as good as that one ok.
I'm kidnapping crystal
Today is mine and 1year aniversary of finding out who was :) love you Austin
In session #tu206. Looks like fun. Lots of colorful stuff on walls from previous sessions.
How’s this for book-ends: I started working at VSA on May 4, 2009; tomorrow is my last day.
Twotter prayer I wanna be the Tom Cruise of our generation, or patience to see what I can accomplish.
Ever wonder what I sound like on the radio? Good news! I'll be on #Insight w/ talking #SEMF2012!
I have something in elk grove sorry :(
for week 2, very nice job!
i think that every time i see u choad!
and to Washington DC for a concert and meet-n-greet! (: #AustinToDC 81
Moving sucks <U+E417><U+E406>
its going to be on americas most wanted!!! D:
Don't strike out
eather way what ever they say its the best thight for me
Gotcha, looking forward to it!
yes “: I'm still puzzled. Podcast complemented print edition: hearing the voices behind the stories was an extension of the NYT.”
Beautiful picture! :)
It ain't gon do nothing but work!:-)
I think its time for American Idol to just go away... They need to turn on they have the real talent
Sheeiiiittt, we been on the map!
I love Can he play just one more year?
School..? Haha fuck you. Gotta leave in 45 minutes and I'm still laying in bed watching tv.
Last night it was kush and ciroc now I'm suppaa geeked!
#hittmit not partnership for patients :: partnership WITH patients
Chocolate Kumquat Spring Rolls Recipe from Epicurious
Fries will now be an option with all burgers and sandwiches any night of the week!
I'd love to be world famous so I could say "Yeah, I'm huge in Japan." Cause...comparatively...I'm like a fuckin giant there. /
good luck!!
Hang in there!! Just think about the cocktails awaiting you at the end of the day.
Kinda bored, tweet me(:
Great day on the beach here in Ocean City NJ
I premiered a piece by composer Stephen Schwartz (Wicked, Godspell, etc.) after having dinner with him at my gala. NICE man!
It's the last day of class, so I might be late.
Enjoyed the #Radian6 Workflow & Engagement training from Definitely took away a lot, now time to put learnings into action!
RT : I #amwriting the story I started for #NaNoWriMo. It has been a long time coming.=>better late than never. Good luck.
thanks for coming out and walk with me
Luckily for me, my future cancer will go along quite nicely with my current personality.
Is there a photoshop plugin for matching your grasp to your reach?
Every bone in my body did not want to go to work today.
lmao too cool :) what comes next?
There is a reason for all that .. I have just got lost in the day to day..
I think I might be sick! I'm gonna overdose on robitussin in the hope of getting better.
I live here. This is real.
In Memory of Beverly Susan Preston 1947-2002
hahahahahaha shee so did! i dont get it, why! D: lol and dank you verry much:))
I wouldn't know what to add to her though.
Thank you!!
wow really? fuck this
Lesson of the night: don't turn down when she want to hang out (it's always the better option)
Who do you want to win tonight???
Listening to my co-workers' daily routine of complimenting each other's Kmart / Wal-Mart outfits is kinda funny.
Thank you for the follow! We often post on Portland-area events for children with developmental challenges.
Ugh on to the next one
I'm new to this shizzzz, be patient!
lol give her my number
RT : Do you have a question for Chairman Julius Genachowski? Ask him anything #AskJulius and he'll answer five on
awww bummer. I wanted to chill too. Damn they had u workin til 2 in the morning las night?
R.I.P to Caroll Shelby, accomplished driver and designer who may have made the biggest contribution to hooning in history.
haha so what!
Tip #1 for 2012 RT : “If it’s brown, flush it down.” Works as a policy both for the toilet and guacamole.
YaYhighness, your knight is tired but smiling. Keep dancing and spreading support and encourage us to keep dreaming
Thanks to the Euclid Police Dept. for helping a guest at my fundraiser, who locked their keys in the car. www.jamesjmcdonnell.com
at the movies with Danyeller!<3 watching The Lucky One..... I need a wall socket.:o
saucy BASTARD! Why do you torture me so?
CHAPC members are down for post meeting drinks at Black Cat starting next month. Yes! Also going to start a bike brigade to bike to mtgs.
what u been up too ?
perhaps, i like broke the biggest whole in the wall and my parents are pissed af, so maybe if i have people over
Women ignore the men that adores them but continue to adore boys that ignores them!!!! This is something I will never understand....
FYI, we'll be CLOSED this Friday, Feb. 24.
Getting ready for tonight.. Looks like Im going solo tonight lol
he's not playin with that thing!
She says it in Moment 4 Life. "South Side Jamaica, Queens and it's crazy!"
Thank you!!
I'm so mad that I have to get in the shower right now!
Happy Birthday Katy Perry!!! Have fun God bless you and gives you more years of life!!! :)
Good luck on your surgery tomorrow Stephanie, I hope that all goes well. I will be sending up some prayers for you. God bless
having a great production of SNOWY DAY at Adventure Theatre. Wish you could see it.
Leaving the one you love is a slow ache but when a woman's
Nia and Mackenzie were awesome! Congrats!
I'll be home :)
Good morning world!!
031 All Day ...
Plastic backing on the back, and feed them through like regular paper (1 at a time)
Follow my business page & RT to your followers so they do same!
Just a month ago, their roles had been reversed. He was dying, she was mourning. And then, everything changed.
Current #stccac Outreach Team/Communities list posted in the All Community Leaders group in MySTC. Meet us at #stc12!
{Nearly every second - even when we dance/sing/party/pray was spent unraveling the secrets of efficient step by step communication}
happy flippin' birthday to and aka THE AWESOMEST TWINS EVER! :D
Why did I watch Precious to start off my day?
Melanie Stegman, PhD: (Learning Technologies-Fed of Am Scientists) takes the stage with a video game funded by NSF. Immune Attack.
Well, I can't deny any of that. Thanks!
can u do me the honor of a follow... It would make me ever so happy ;) xoxoxoxo Tiffy <3
Volunteer disaster group holds final conference - Chicago Tribune
Hey whats up gorgeous, how have you been?
#GirlScout cookies arrived today.
Humongous truck full of hay barrels just outside my window..Fighting urge to jump out into it. Build a house, blow it down.
It's Fashion's Night Out! So much fun in NYC last year...won't be the same this year.
G'Morning && a #happy Friday too you on this #GoodFriday :) #TGIF baby!
R.I.P. 101.9RXP - You Ruled! Thanks for blasting the best stuff on the airwaves! p.s. the last month of dr.drew sex talk was hilarious!!
And eventhough its been a week since the launch, THANK YOU EVERYONE who came out and supported Official Launch! We love you!
This weeks latest "Best of" Fla girls #soccer nominee announced soon. IS IT YOU? Send recommendations to
RT Can't wait for #2012WLS! :) {me neither! See u there!
#SignsAPersonCantCook Even the dog won't eat their food
been hittin you now and then and nothing. could of used an extra camera guy a bunch.
Let's go Rangers!
First week of April shaping up to be epic. #WildFlag show on Monday and speaking about "What You Really Really Want" on Tues in DC!
Hi Janet, thank you for your kind words. You should visit the islands. Call me & I can help (#401-258 2672). Beijos, Victor.
Somehow managed to create a password, confirm it, and then immediately not remember it. Did I go into some kind of typing fugue state?
I did not know that. lol. Do they ever play at the same time? Could be 3 Farfans on the pitch?
Did you know that any pool can be easily converted to a salt water pool? www.desertpoolcleaning.com
Straight up bedraggled.
You leave me so confused over you </3
i thought to myself months ago that i wanted some "The Questions" and now i hear they're coming back out.. bad thing is ERYBODY gon want em
I've been playing skyrim to point where my girlfriend is gonna take the game and hide it:)
So much work i am very exhausted!
I'll send it shortly
Did I actually link facebook to twitter? Reall? Take that technology!
Everyone i talked to is waking up.. lol
Party bus , aye
Hate feeling like I have only one choice n career cuz of finances. Life blows.
Michelle Obama's health/fitness plan to the rescue
before plane even took off, the man who sat next to me this am told me he went to jail for 3 days for choking guy his wife was cheating with
Fakest band ever was just on Shark Tank...
wiggio - workgroup site allows for people to access various professional communities through one interface
Watching #TheGodfather... Always makes me hungry!
Here at NECB-HQ, we're hoping to see the sun tomorrow, and that all graduate students contact their program chairs about registration!
aw thank you!!!
I'm well- thank you! How are you?
I still believe in spreading knowledge though. At least now I am aware of the consequences of my actions :)
No school for Dps tomorrow which means our game has been canceled as well
appreciate it bro
You can leave just as fast as you came.
On the ground trying to get this lettuce, love it when you give me head, hate it when you give me headaches!!
Optimistic that I may be past the February blues....at least in terms of jogging....
Sorry ladies with the fam
How are you doing Tami?
HOLY SHIT RAUL WITH THE JACKAROO..RAUL BE SEEIN YOU LATER
Sweet rock is like the best thing ever
Worst Passwords of 2011 "password".
Yeah, but they already have me paying for tons of other stuff!
OMG!!!! STILL DOING Homework #justwanttosleep : /
i hate how i cant follow more people -
just saw a dude in a Jose Lima jersey in
Deal. I will ask my social president nicely. /cc :-)
"What happened with the penalty box? Uh huh...I see. WE'RE GETTIN' ON SPORTSCENTER TONIGHT! BOOYAH." -Gary Bettman (probably)
T.W.I.T.T.E.R. = This Wonderful Internet Thing That'll Eventually Ruin your life.
I cannot wait to see The V<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008D>w tomorrow!!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
*please don't kill me* Has anyone ever told you that you look like Morten Harket?
Hey, God, why not Seacrest instead?
It happens to me often here. I suspect it will still happen when I'm back up in NYC.
#girlbyenotwiththem posters of bow wow on your wall!
I know! I was gonna tell her what she was really saying but I decided not to. It was too damn funny
how do I audition for Duets?
Thank You Lord!!!
“: Thanks for being a friend. Have a great day!” Thanks same to you
Dirtiest thing said on TV."Ward, I think you were a little hard on the Beaver last night."
lol thanks i just have to get home from work lol.. cant really do that many adds.. you are right tho ...a numbers game :)
I would like to know if Michigan was doing it prior to 1968, & if it is one of the causes of my Autism that Mich should b paying for
I should have known. "Twinterview". Thanks very much
The president's speech made my testicles tingle. Oh boy.
At Fenway Park enjoying a beer and a hot dog....great day!!
This is almost always true. RT: You know what would make this day better? Cupcakes. cc:
If 24hr Fitness was smart, they'd open barbecue restaurants at the exit.
ALWAYS!! Nah with Hubby while he finishes Accident Reports <U+263A>
I know we're late but
Ron Paul has only won the hearts of pot smokers, hippies, and ignorant young people who who voted for Obama in 2008.
okay! I sent it to your email. Check it girl.
After your dose, stop by within Harbor East
so tired... laying in bed watching svu is all im doing the rest of the day
Come and see our peep show!
Getting fired up for the basketball tournament called NCAA. Go !
Please go to a website.
Yes I got a follower :-)
I feel better. I felt I win. My last update is so effective!
I once encountered a person of this name. MT : Weyler: I just like to say, Sally Sayward Barrell Keating Wood.
nice one.
not me! But let me know?
Be mindful of what you are eating
I do go to school, I was there today!
he loves you back! I think you might be a better singer than him... Given his 99 percent performance
But he gone nah, so im GOOD !
Advanced tools of alien civilization. Placed to observe in Kubrick's words, "influence" the "evolutionary progress" of humanity.
What to do tomorrow!?
there's this asian kid sitting next to me and he's not wearing shoes. also not wearing headphones. and is watching the game on his phone...
Congrats! I know how much hard work that takes...trust me. Enjoy, and keep it up!
Brewdog Hardcore IPA + Gluing a tubular last night set me up to feel brand new today!
Dear Diz co-produced by latin grammy Producer of the Year Gregg Field Gary Burton Yellowjackets saxophonist Bob Mintzer
thanks for the retweet!
that is awesome
with her daughter-in-law Ruth the Moabite.They arrived in Bethlehem at the beginning of the barley harvest. 2 1Now Naomi had a #Torah 25/99
Tonight 10 pm on I'm back on
Everything will work out for you and I wish you a lot of luck in two weeks I care and I want you to know I'm still here
What is you major Briana?
LOL she must be awesome zen.
"Love is something more stern and splendid than mere kindness." -C.S. Lewis
My Bad Bxtch ! I Love You Even Though We BARELY Talk :)
Whoa, suddenly got an influx of likes on instagram. Feel so loved ;)
#amcfearfest .amc and october love i how oh .again halloween watching
Don't wish for less challenges in life. Wish for more wisdom to overcome challenges.
Maybe it turns into a prince once you kiss it or something. It could be an enchanted squirrel!
So bigotry is alive & well in #NorthCarolina <sigh>
I should want better.
you're a great neighbor for accommodating your neighbors. Next time consider Step Ahead Services and let us drive.
congrats on graduating, my man!
Not yet...But thanks for using your parks anyway!! We LOVE your support.
don't listen to me!! I'm just being a punk!!
awe that's sweet. Thanks, enjoy your Sunday
New phone
I DONT OWE YOU NOTHING THAT YOU DONT OWE ME
jelly beans raw of course
Discovering unanticipated upside: Extreme productivity. Is this what Conde Nast was like in the '80s????
Vinny is a G when he runs three guards
#golfclap RT I grabbed andhung onto rim the other day
I swear to office I'm not God drunk.
Maureen I miss you too. I attended a Kitchean party on Youth day for my cousin who will be getting married
I see u clearly ain't taking no bullshit..
Hey Matthew! Could you please follow so I can send you a DM regarding a guitar project you'll be interested in? Thx!
sorry to hear that. :( At least it's over?
Oh, so glad you got to the Cathedral. A great treasure.
tell your dad you want the red camaro:)) we can copy each other;)
OPX must come to the Phoenix Comic-con! Don't beat them; join them.
Chicago Bears now have two pro-bowl kick returners. And zero pro-bowl offensive linemen.
please no more talking about your life. damn asians
Come pick up a jar of Tunisian olives or preserved lemons for 50% off today!
wowww. Did you hear the news?
what the heck's going on at the y in #oakhill?
oh fucking woof!
My Indian partner used my "Weekly Team Powwow" slides, but unknowingly changed it to "Pow Wow." From now, that's our meeting.
let's go CAPS!!!
Because I think "You belong to Me" by Gary Glitter should totally be played at my funeral.. and Tina Turner- Aint nobodys Business!!
Just keeping it real over here. How you livin'?
damn.I missed Black Joe Lewis & the Honeybears at FridayCheers ystrday.great soulful band-check em out.
I hate you! #notfair I am really jealous right now!
Thinkin of some good april fools jokes...
#wewontworkout if your not
last episode ever of desperate housewives.. Gonna miss this show :'(
****Murda***** it's ok tho bud, you learn. #EeeeeeeeeastNewYoooooork RT : My new favorite artist: Uncle Murder.
Starting a pizza joint, doing a little research - what's your idea of the perfect pizza? Or just share your favorite topping combo with me!
Hello, my loves I've been dealing with a few challenging matters. But god is good.
that gave me an endolphin rush.
I need to get these swim trunks and iPhone case, maybe a few shirts oh and some socks
My music flow cracking
What is a man who is handsome, intelligent and sensible, known as?... A rumor! -
Going Home, Eat, Workout, Laundry and Homework....
That's the one I was on
Meatwiches maybe lol RT : I do sandwiches without the bread... is it still a sandwich?
Thanks for contributing!
I bought a 2TB external drive after the Genius Bar visit, and I'm currently running Time Capsule. Not touching it for anything else for now.
Who do u think will win #BestActor? Demián Bichir, George Clooney, Jean Dujardin, Gary Oldman or Brad Pitt?
At the house 2 houses past troll avenue checking out an amazing magickal library in Fremont. Happy solstice to all!
WHY YES SAM I AM
i love the song but the video ugh -_-
that jacket is fresh. Like
Love visiting NYC, but seriously hate the departure traffic. Ready to be on the plane and Indy bound.
I understand sorry i think i just needed me time for a bit.
Me An Her Always Fight, But A Month Or 2 Later.. I Miss Her Ass.. Guess It's Just The Love I Got For Her :P
thanks so much! I like your business model!
Going onstage tonight to perform my 1st (& probably only) standup set ever. Just a little nervous, but proud to be
gotta take my car in today...but i'm glad its my day off
omg SIO show june 9. im so going. nothing is stopping me. ITS AN AWESOME SATURDAY!!
Ready for Dill St. Tonight!
This is genius RT : Start writing your #goals into passwords so you're always reminded of them.
pep rally tmrw. :p go ghs :D
Happy Easter
I'll get on in a few. :) Running two characters on FFXI right now trying to finish my empy weapon! lol
Definitely less fear. But then FOH staff-public face of museum-only participates in cool twitter convos on days off.
Never go to HEB hungry! I blew it!
blowhard? PLEASE! would clean ur clock in a debate! Why not face him like a man instead of HIDING on twitter?
Looking for a contractor you can trust ? We have been serving San Diego county for over 25 years.Interior/Exterior painting drywall and more
I've apparently forgotten how sweaters work. Kitchen sink + sweater = wet sleeve. Derp.
This breeze feel so good blowing <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A8>through the window!
I don't get why you would drink milk and orange juice when you have a bowl of cereal with milk in it!
haha as usual, watching basketball
also, i like asking: what's the worst that could happen-vs-what's the worst that will happen?
The day is sunny, the coffee strong, the lover withdrawn, and the clown posse hoots Bronx cheers from a distance. Our heroine trudges on.
Good Morning Just wanted to say Hi and "have a nice day" : )
The only thing funnier than Robert's reaction were the collective "WTF?!" reactions that exploded on Twitter.
Second late night... Ah!
i wish i could fall asleep in your arms tonight.
thanks for the shout out
well it still makes people think you're talkig about them and that's not right. They should know.
In the studio recording demos with
- next time you're in #losgatos or the #bayarea, be sure to visit - sure to quench the thirst for great pinot!
the key is to play tough defense down the stretch & should be able to pressure wash them out of their own court.
I'm obsessed with ear cuffs
S/O all our new followers<U+270C>
In your company and industry, are you a symbol for anything? Be a Leader and Fascinate.
Ah...do not resist...those three little words have completely changed my life.
Happy to be back open after
that is actually a great description. I love it
I want macdonald . Want go down buy lazy. Want order delivery charge expensive . Fcukk !
I only let my kids interact with people that love them and that's def. Goin be around!
The maple bacon donut from is so simple but so genius. would love it :)
Judging the 2012 #RedCross Youth Talent Show Competition. Good luck to all the performers!
Ah, thanks! I'm taking a graduate seminar on her work in the film program at Texas. It's been a total delight.
As I open a new chapter of career, I am currenlty seeking Representation in the areas of Television and Film! :))
Won't miss Jackson either
You da one I will always dream, care, and love everytime I see u and kisses me
So a new employee just came in my cube & introduced themselves shook my hand & crushed it. It was a female.
I felt confident, radiant, and preternaturally calm.
I hate making eye contact with people at hospitals its like I can see right through their soul feel their pain. :(
Check out my new song, "Sketchy", with guitars by Gawain Mathews, and drums by Kevin Hayes. www.sonicbids.com/rachelmargaret. Enjoy!
she is an everyone mascot
Exploring opportunities with after their wild two week media ride: TODAY Show, NPR, CNN (web + TV), Australian TV.
Sorry & thank-you, I hope changing my password worked!
Yay I can't wait to see the dictator tomorrow! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
I'm envious, I love Emily.
Finally home after watching Titanic. 15 years later & I still don't get why she throws the necklace in the water at the end...
New Day- Kanye&Jay-Z >>
How do we get more followers on this machine. Help.
Nuts! I flagged it on rss to read past the initial few paragraphs this evening. Glad to see it find a home, though.
Off to youth group! #TGIF :D
I need a vacay soon before I go bonkers!
brown sugar style, what-up??!!
Ugly? Those are fierce.
Starting April 17th, 2012: " A Toast to Motown" -A Celebration of Soul- every Tuesday nite from 5-10pm...w guest DJs and performers....
#BRACEFREE Aww, you look so much different! :D
bummed my morning meeting means i will miss Sterling's finest & on #cashcab this AM, but my DVR is set!
I'm more excited about school than I am for this long ass summer!
wish I was going #workobligations I'd rather see an #Indians game its just 4 hrs to! & I work during the time they play
TY & ditto ! RT Movers & Shakers I admire
Good, I'll see you soon.
This new facebook view is very disorienting.
Thanks for following us :D xoxo
he makes me so happy(:
AMEN. RT Anybody who doesn't like hockey is really really dumb
Gonna have a Mothers Day Feast Here at the House today!
Anyone know when (or if) this year's SXSW panels will be uploaded to their site? I enjoyed listening to many from last year.
Tx for the follow & more! Looking forward to your tweets.
Very. Good book, though.
The mothers day texts are annoying. I'm old school. Call me or send a card.
got it ladies! :)
Jeff, we look forward to your tweets...we are trying to learn as much as we can about the lives of professional marketers.
You never know what you will find in this crazy roller coaster called life
you rock, we love u
I haven't taken Claritin D in a week. Hopefully a big burst of pollen isn't on the horizon.
Got some exclusive pictures and videos coming soon! I'll keep you posted.
SECOND LOCATION! 7321 Six Forks Rd in Raleigh! (Where Fuhgeddaboudit was) We are no longer associated with the Fuhgeddaboudit in Cary
thanks for reading! you've lived in ca, tx and ny?
Can't wait to watch
Indians in a rain delay. ugh
RT : : Important to note, this number of 1 in 88 is actually already OLD data. This study is on kids born in 2000.
I've turned in all my stuff got all good grades on stuff and waiting patiently for my science grade
I wanna be when I grow up
there had been a recall on all Duke apparel due to choke hazard <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
If the rich could hire other people to die for them, the Poor could make a wonderful living.
Nightmare On Elm Street II is on! Been forever since I've seen this one.
Message to me on Match: "Why is someone as beautiful as you on here?"
hey thanks everything is good now
Sunday Funday! What's on your agenda? I say an order of our famous garlic parm fries and an ice cold brew sound perfect!
we've totally self destructed time for Harry to just go and us to move on. The way we are playing he might not he the eng job
God I hate that.
No. But I Wish I See You Again!!!143
Norway Day 3: colleague tried to teach me to backcountry skate-ski. Fell so violently I snapped his ski in half. Streetcred is painful.
That is rad as hell!
People are tweeting negatively about allstar at the show last night...and i need to know what's going on! I need answers people!
If You Are Still Working With A "gmail, yahoo, msn" mail".....get out of my face with your cliche music bullshit...
Saturday, 4 PM at India & Cedar :D
Ok, I'll go to bed now...
honestly my cinema game has been lacking recently. Win Win was a pretty good one if you're in the mood for a feel-good flick.
good morning sweet Sara I,m so sorry about everything plzzzzz forgive me ..I miss you, have fun today k :)
S/O to the bitches who smoke weed with their kids
UGH THIS STUPID SIGNAL AGAIN!
For now all our clients are in the US but it won't be long until we move beyond domestic universities. Interested in a demo?
whats your party plans for the big 2-1!?
Was a barb wire tattoo on a man a good choice at some point in history?
No more waiting by the phone for your call or text, I guess I just gotta do me.
Rhianna look sexy ass hell with a gun in her hands. Check out Battleship. *Zooted*
thank you soo much!!(: What's up?
Congrats!!! Its a beautiful feeling and a get accomplishment RT : 7 classes before I graduate with my second masters
I'm not sure whether that was a brownie or fudge, but it was delicious
Davey says Morse good chance 6/8 interleague so he can DH only; Werth doc says doing surgery now cut 3 wks off rehab
Disco, 80's,Paychedlic, 90's Dance, Electronica! My kind of music
We produce two street festivals and provide logistics support for others. We also manage Center City Park.
system is broken top to bottom. the university can make room for salary increases by firing worthless employees
I thought we were playing basketball not ballerina . Class? It's the NBA ...we get physical.
Ineed new ppl to talk to the old ones are getting old. Message me n ill see wassup with you n the A.m. night twitter c:
"1 and 2 and-a 3 and 4, come on let me know if you want some more" on a loop.
So happy
NFL Draft tonight, MFF Draft tomorrow.
I've never hooked up with a girl w a tongue ring
#someday you will realize how much i love you&how you #inspire me and follow me/tweet me!iloveyou 45
About to screen
On our way back from Cali with my daughter's dead fish in it's bowl. She thinks it's sleeping.
I nominate for a Shorty Award in #activism because as a high school student she protected the 1st Amendment
Almost ZUMBAAAA time! Ready to shake my ass to the beat!
I just scrolled so far back on Facebook's Timeline... the shit logged me back onto MySpace.
oh we have wolfe. But she's not here for the rest of the year so we got a field trip I don't know why
thanks for the love! See you next week!
I love Lady Gaga and her music, just not the music videos.
Follow , another of our keynote speakers for #NCORE2012!
Thank you for the shout out, Tamara! Saving monies and flipping flashcards for knowledge - you're one smart cookie.
Much happened this weekend, films were prepped, condos viewed, cacti purchased, meetings were held and I forgot to tweet about all of it.
So excited about acting, I cannot sleep!:)
I wanna thank god for blessing me
If Big Content loves Netflix it's because they realize it's not going away, so might as well make $ off it.
To all the critics of the 2011 Orioles, allow me to respond: YOUR MOTHER!
What is everyone doing for the holidays??
www.johnbaptistrecords.com buy my record!
come see Men's booth # 12125!
just to annoy my bf, I call him hubby boo... because they are both equally annoying :)
Finally getting my grill to and 's house. Can't wait to christen it.
haha works for me
Thanks for the Tweet.
In San Fran. Came here from LA. Sorry to my LA friends, but this place is more my kind of town. Wish I could get to but no time
Happy #EarthDay to all!
Dear Ashley, i dont know but you seem cool to talk to. I love your icon<U+2665> we should talk more! I also like your username as well.
Well that would only be God, cause he's the only one who's done that with you family.
#19 favorite song would have to be god gave me you IB:Vinny
YES! Hannah Montana, Camp Rock, and Jesse McCartney. Go you! ;P
Aubrey's not a model. Lisa rejects the notion of being successful purely for looks. For obvious reasons.
RT Every cigarette you smoke cuts 5 minutes off of your life.
Herman Cain's 999 deal sounds more like a pizza commercial than an economic plan.
Mother's Day Brunch with LIVE MUSIC! 410-332-1000 for reservations!
How've you been doing
Dumbest politician in U.S. history endorses dumbest candidate in U.S. history.
The pink is hot on u,,,, think u should come up with a "Fushia" color...U will blow that shit out the water!!!..
oh that was below the belt. You didn't have to go there
awee(: I love you<3 frog <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B8>
Nature is trying very hard to make us succeed, but nature does not depend on us. We are not the only experiment. R. Buckminster Fuller
"This one time? On Facebook.." is the new "This one time? At band camp.."
I find it so bizarre that everyone around me at the ballpark gets dozens of mosquito bites and I NEVER get any.
I miss you.
I was offered an opportunity to audition via web for film in LA, $ does not justify the travel/ expense involved.
Yeap the beautiful panda.
lol I'm sorry but it was amazing
“: can't believe it's Thursday already....”---THANK GOD!!!
Happy New Year 2011
I hate summer.
Best signs at the #phillymarathon - you run better than Sara Palin; the race is longer than Kim K's marriage
EPP is the only publisher to translate Chinese academic works to English providing readers with unique perspectives & 1st-hand information!
Alright who trynna chill and drink?
Best friend means forever, cunt.
We can't either! Let's do this!
Geeked for Wednesday night, more geeked for on Saturday!
My label: "Airhead" What is your label? #StopBullying 20.
yeah, sorry, kids were in VIP Suite enjoying cookies & cupcakes, had 2 bolt before sugar high!
anyone know if there's an easy way to make a tag cloud out of tweets with a certain tag in them?
The train im on for the next 35 hours is a double decker. The lady I met an I are on the top. Im excited
thank you! I'm gonna need it -___- lol
Sums it up. RT : > MMR 1. No ads 2. Better design 3. Compete against yourself and friends.
Today one #autistic twin prompted the other to ask Dad 4 help. We’ve waited a long time for today.
Listen to me; be silent, and I will teach you wisdom~Job 33:33
What a night! Dinner at INDIEana Handicraft Exchange and Murphy Center. Tasting at New Day. Late dinner at Bed.
Im ready for bed
Academic monographs need to be short. No one wants to hear more about your example.
#eli2012 Student use DigTech: faculty prefer Google and using found resources as is
im soo confused but its whatever today was a good day
Congrats !!!!!!! You graduate you!!
Chocolate. Spanish wine. Strawberries. Olives. Really good bread. And a gun. Zombies, after all.
my one best friend i trust outta all natti hoes !
I would rather that he be a Fin! ;-)
was it awesome!???
Our Sept. Review Contest Winners are... Lee Ann D., Justine C., Austin, AngelNTX and Karaokesupernova! Thx for the feedback guys! Enjoy!
Chick Fil A breakfast is the shat
ill tweet you!<U+E056> Heyy!<U+E405>
The most difficult thing to sous vide is...
...& at the same time you'd know I don't have a filter nor do I candy coat things. Just my opinion though.
My mentions won't load /:
Stay strong<3 Don't let others get you down! i let that get to me..but there is no way im letting haters get to me! Just Be Yourself!
About 8 pages. I can email it to you now. Thanks bud.
my fav charity is Farm Sanctuary. They speak up for farmed animals who cannot.
Thanks for talkinkg about media relations to our Communication workshop!
Looks like I need to make a trip back soon :)
haha not really going to bed yet!! lol Not tired..
My first tweet :P I was also notified that tweeted me!! :D
That's great. Welcome in advance! RT : I'm about to join and make the switch from PRSSA to PRSA!
yea buddy!!
Draw something??? Send me names
Missing football? It's back for a week in Madison as the NFL Draft begins Thursday (Badgers awaiting NFL shot), UW spring game on Saturday.
and a cappella groups.... officially SO COOL!!!!
12/19-Sunday Get your gifts wrap by our friends from LOVE-A-BULL Rescue from 12-4pm at Lofty Dog. Parking in City Hall free until 5pm.
is justin bieber reading this?
Probably one of the worst practices yet.. #competitiveswimming modern family tonight woo
I'm a conservative but Ann Coulter gets on my nerves,
Riley swear she be tlkn the facial expressions she be mkn lmaoo crazy
Shyaaaat Rolls down hill
Me- "What are your plans while I'm gone this weekend?" Jeff- "Ugh, babe, not right now... Katniss is about to die of dehydration."
where is it at now? I need to get it!!!!
Just ordered 332 lbs of food from for only $100. Thxs - this will feed a lot of hungry people!
Roberto Pitre's band: Live performance. Saturday March 26th. From 9:00 P.M. To 12:00 A.M.
Goodmorning! Today is going to be beautiful :-)
i am gearing up for softball and golf and hopefully to meet u at a CB concert this year
something of that sort Hahahah
How do I used to know Gotye?
yeah you're in my territory baby! Haha west coast is my place.
More recording today! Maybe vocals.
Can't wait to go to work and deal with annoying ass people.
Los dos reactores en Indian Point trabajando sin problemas/Both reactors at Indian Point are operating normally at full power
Just because I complain about my mom, doesn't mean I don't love her. It just means she can be annoying af sometimes. Often. Very often.
Rosenstiel: People are more likely to follow links that are out of their normal habits on Twitter than Facebook.
Tebow could rack up a lot of points and Hass may still start for Tenn. I go with Tebow
Prospero: "...my library was dukedom large enough. Of temporal realities,/ He thinks me now incapable." ~ Shakespeare's The Tempest
About to watch Eddie Izzard for the first time. I know, I know. At least I'm watching him now. Leave me alone. ;-p
hola how you doing ?
Enerchia fact of the day: According to Aztec mythology, #chia came from the nose of the maize god, Cinteotl.
hahaha sorry dude. man*
Headed to Austin for a early AM call time for ABC's "The Lying Game"
Roof being pulled back off Eric McClure 's car before he is taken away, but is talking per
apparently picked the worst way to go home. serously y'all what's up with this traffic?
7 min til I'm late. This isn't looking good lol
So long Canada.
ahaahah i just want to scream
U know what I wish? I wish I had a better way to express my feelings towards u.
TheSyncMag comin back n a big way. R u Indie u should b submit ur music now send album covers/photos
#ireallywant to know God more.
When it comes to being lucky, he's cursed.<3
Decorating my parents car tomorrow! #NeedTheseTickets!
Ground breaking planned next month for Business School's Tata Hall. Tata Hall will house Executive education programs.
it's a small price to pay for all that great LA weather and talent (the female kind)
she not at school and I don't have her number
Oh joy, local TV station is re-running 10pm newscast. Nothing like dated news to start my day.
Thanks for including us in your morning! You guys are always a pleasure!
Guess who has an exclusive interview with the Winner of #FashionStar tomorrow!!
definitely! She's too fine to get messed up by that (wo)man. “: Dear ronda rousey RUN AWAY #Strikeforce”
Thanks for the motivation. We hope that it will work as planned. I think the funding is going to be the key factor - follow us to...
No online poker anymore. All of us fat guys got off our asses!
you? are full of shit :D
RT : I'm just trying to change the world, one sequin at a time. Lady Gaga
RT : "Facebook Places missed the boat, they don't reward check ins like Foursquare" - #C21GC (Very true!)
is unbelievable! Any time of the day anywhere...they take care of my dog when I can't!
delete away!!
To teach is to learn.
Debating on ordering this pizza or not...
Dynamic Heating and Cooling!!! We guarantee an excellent job in a very fair price
Final at 8:30 and cannot sleep <<<<
THERE'S AN ALL-PET YOUTUBE?! WHY AM I JUST NOW DRUNKENLY HEARING OF THIS
lol i dont even post on here really. Just like reading what people say. Like finley that he is a good player and can catch
Listen to :
That just pissed me off... Always happens
oh, most definitely. I'd hate for you to get sunburned... Anywhere. :P
will do!
Getting ready to board my Philly to Columbus flight with a li'l layover in Atlanta. Thankful to be heading to my family.
drink a ton of #CraftBeer of course
Heading to #RedRibbonAffair to benefit Madison AIDS Network - they do incredible work for our community!
Welcome to the #nickasaurfamily !!! I like that picture btw:)
good morning camas wa
Follow Back :)
Done trying to be nice to people that can't even show you the respect to be nice to you.
Yayyyyy!!!!!! got 15,010 followers! thank you ryan fans and lovers!
It looks great :)
Lou Holtz of Notre Dame coaching fame and ESPN analyst is apparently considering a run for Congress
222 Thanks a lot People. :)
when do you have time to chat I'd love to hear about your idea
so glad you were there!
RT just watched film. I enjoyed it. Very touching.
Badger fans! Former Wisconsin QB Russell Wilson is now on Twitter! Give him a follow:
Maxwell house
please help me i need follows me
RT : Why does the eye see a thing more clearly in dreams than the imagination when awake? ~ Da Vinci
SeaQuest! My teenage favorite!!
i'm into it.
Oh you received a +K in marketing on Klout? ACTIVATE SUPER-UNFOLLOW.
3 finals in one day is really not ideal.
When i tell you that I care about you, its only because I am to scared to say i love you.
Yeahh! Lol so what's your name? :]
So sad about Whitney Houston's passing. I'm praying for her family and I'm glad I had the opportunity to perform with her. R.I.P. Whitney.
#OneWordThatDescribesMe hardworking (not at school, sadly)
hmmph. I have a stalker from Colorado. Im convinced they are my anons.
Business Insider is still politically bright blue. When they are intent on broadcasting today's Obama talking points, I am ready to bail.
About to head in2 Facebook bootcamp for marketers 2day. Topic is ads. Have been doing them a while, but maybe there'll be something new.
omg like.....fruit loops?!?!
your below my level
notice you said church folk lol but the real saints will get that and RT it!!
EFF YOU BELLY RING. HURTING ME AND ISH
RT : I myself do nothing. The Holy Spirit accomplishes all through me. ~ We are but vessels created for His will and purpose <3
Hopefully never have to hear any more of the Tebow bullshit again.
I always want more....
Oh, I knew THAT. I was just vexed by the existence of the site. Guess I should work on my fucking grammar!!!!!! OMG!!!
"Just remember, after a storm the sun is just waiting to come out again. It can't rain forever."
So what did you think about the part in the elevator? What was the dynamic between him and her at that moment?
Michelle Williams is my #bestdressed I love the color!
People say video games make you violent, well... does monopoly make you a millionaire?
Ungrateful bitch
Last minute cake shopping since my friend forgot to buy the birthday cake
The #Superbowl #commercial from #Honda that you didn't see! #dippitydip --
Time for that #napflow!
are you avail Saturdays in Feb? I'm hosting a food truck festival event and looking for several trucks! : )
Yes, and thank you very much!
Happy Mothers Day mama!<3
We'd love to have you here. Contact Transfer Specialist, Ryan Bench, 715-425-3500 or for details.
Great to hear the candidates fight over who is most pro-life. Can't wait to hear this argument taken to pro-abortion Obama.
Instagram just followed like fifty random people for me.......
Know how you know a spot has run a lot during the NCAA Tournament? His older brothers are calling our 2 yr old "WeGo" - thanks A-B
Talking to a friend that I haven't talked to in a long time(: I've missed her in my life! #TrueFriends<3
If someone you like likes you and you like them, what's stopping you from being together?
Found a new blog for yummy recipes via
You're all doing some of your best work right now.
“: dalai lama tomorrow!”
Can't go back. Can't go home. Though you've been told anything goes when everything's gone. You risk it all.
Everyone posting their Gifs on Gifboom makes me want to throw my blackberry away & get an iPhone!
Nothing ever did work out for you and me. I should've expected it..
I hit the ball great, but probably had 8 3-putts! Haha solid
YES! It's adorable! (: can't wait for #HootFest2012! Have fun performing <3
We didn't realize you had a little guy, too! = tweens/teens!
hey do you have a plan b if it dosent rain so we dont waste a day?
thats 5 points from 5 other players at minimum...not that hard...it's about the D...need to play harder...to much lacking last game
Wow, the chicory coffee and beignets at Bayou Bakery in Arlington really are as good as everyone says. More, please.
So i Turn on the tv, & they showin this soft ass porn
Raising kids is part joy and part guerrilla warfare. ~Ed Asner Which are the gorillas?
Exactly....I love how I get pulled into something I left more than a year ago...FOR A REASON.
so quad lunch/full drink day together this weekend? Maybe well have more luck makin a plan on twitta :)
#notquitecharleston but I still would never leave. Its country and southern enough for me.
thanks for the promo! Show was awesome. Let's run into each other again
run the million windows apps in parallels
#FF "round the world" #rtw11 trip contest sponsor of week 2!
I'm Peeta and you know it!
Why is my dad watching women's college bowling..?..lmao..didn't even know that played on espn..
Getting it done!
How are you?I was wrong about weather. If I get cold and rain without 100 mph storms, then I am fine in Baltimore.
Yuh there yet keep me posted kk
Drew Brees still got it!!! Nice drive and TD by the Saints!!!
Possibly in Chesterfield, but was easier 2 park @ Lambert! This was pre 9-11 when there were < restrictions.
With my sweet boyfriend tomorrow.(: <3
#mla2011 will there be an app for the conference ?
Just posted Mylan's official response to recent Epipen ad on The Allergist Mom Facebook page. Check it out! They will pull the ad!
sounds great! Keep in touch on it.
I'm over here getting all excited by myself... It's not as fun like that haha. Wrigley keeps looking at me crazy
Teacher: Give me an exp of something expands in heat and contracts in cold Student: Summer break 10 weeks, winter break 2 weeks Teacher: ...
Jack I found you! :) A while ago but I decided to say it now. :)
Last song i wanted to hear by a live singer in bar @ universial is "rockytop". play some ac/dc man
"Girl you're my angel --you're my darlinnn angel closer than my peeps you are to me " <U+2764>
The other half of my thought is u only charge the consumer the 20% up front. The other 30% goes directly to biz day of service.
Your brain is most creative in your sleep.. In the sleep state the brain thinks much more visually and intuitively.. I accomplish that awake
Red white and blue... All day long
I see you and Kemba doing you're thing! Congrats on the win bro!
lets meet up!!!
wondering why more conventions aren't asking us about our FREE stuff for show promoters
haha I am looking more for Kardashian/SJParker scoop haha THANKS you're the best :)
I thought about it but I saw someone do that and lose it all
don't do it.
RT : From a seven-year old "This place is like a church, but with inappropriate pictures!"
stop being mean to her! Shes standing up for her so stfu cause your hate ovbs isnt welcome here.
Cathryn Carson: How will we adapt UC Berkeley social sciences institution to big data era?
Bravo to #Fox5sandiego for apparently snagging #KTLA's best reporter: #JamieChambers. Loved his Dad...
well why not?!
Way cute...makes you want to take him/her home with you, doesn't it?
RT : If u r considering tossing your hat in the ring for a big opportunity, even if it seems like a stretch, do it.
No problem, but you need to follow me for me to send the DM.
that could be a good thing or a bad thing lol
RT : it's all fun and games until your online home gets hacked! // I practice self-hacking (makes you go blind)
Are you a better coach/player today than you were yesterday?
What sport do you participate in to help you with cardio?
“ “ Scorpio is where it's at.””
But it seems like that isnt going to happen anytime soon.
Thanks! It's a beautiful day to be outside.
I'm in such a good mood today :)
Finally broke the #knitting needles out and getting ready to knit a bulky silver & white hat and top it off with the world's biggest
thanks-you too-Sarah!
So for this Saturday, I'm having a dilemma about which Cauldron scarf to bring to the game.
To what are they referring?
“ hawaiin punch use to be the shit”
time to say goodnight to a good day. sleep tight. :)
well why else would they be taking to you
u said sum nasty lol
I can be so lazy when I want to be, but when I feel like it, I can really like run a mile.
My pleasure!
I feel the pain in my hometown everywhere I go never knew how close Kokomo was too me but it's a lot closer/deeper than I thought!
don't know yet
. we've been deeply pondering loyalty...
“: My Verse >> (((: Thanks, Donald.”no problem girlie...
We are getting excited for Read-A-Palooza on April 28th with our friends Are you going?
Where in heaven's name is Hip Hop going???
Morning Tweets
fashion fades, style is eternal
Will do! Having an intense thunder storm right now but hopefully will pass soon. Gracias!
"Advil is for women, I'll have some red wine instead" - on how to deal with lower back pain the manly way.
glad we could hang out and catch up yesterday. We'll have to do it again soon!
"Nothing changes,if nothing changes. Thanks Mary Watson, another great coaching session.
We really have the best followers. So much support and encouragement from the paranormal research field. :)
She left her man for that Get Right
most definitely! Keep sending the choons our way!! :]
UofL having to work awfully hard to get looks early
Let's get a win tonight celtics... We at Barcast are feeling a triple double from Rondo!!!!
That moment when u just wanna write a paragraph to someone wanting to tell them how u feel and then u just think its not a good idea
Looking forward to your tweets. I've been reading your blog via Dr.
“: Not surprised, but disgusted that the First Lady was booed at NASCAR.” Indubitably.
you need to start a Tumblr pic-blog called Look At This Fuckin' Cop!
Still had enough to get the Double Play though!!
Like the shoe news LA.
show no mercy to Gov'ner Prick Perry
JULIET SIMMS <33333 cant explain how happy and excited and proud i am of
so do i! Cuz i miss your loud/crazy self!!
One of the hardest things you'll ever have to do is to stop loving someone because they've stopped loving you.
I want to pop a bottle of expense champagne and spray it everywhere >>>>>
Price Drop: SkySafari 3 Plus (Education)
Omg <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD> if anyone is depressed dm me and I'll help you I'll keep it private please people don't slit your wrists it won't help!!
how long you up there for pimpin?
Great message from !!! Glad all went well!!
Seeing watermelon being stacked at the grocery store will never look the same after this week's show. Thanks &
Don't mind if we do! RT Take a break from all that shopping - it's lunch time and the plancha is hot!
Adversity causes some men to break; others to break records.
Registration for #THATCamp Philly is now closed! Look for an email regarding your status by the end of the day on Monday!
Another lib just contacted me about starting a LibraryYOU. I envision a time when Google search results are full of library-created content!
last week for Rosemary fries.
Watching marley and me
Classic vanity play is buying a magazine/newspaper: Facebook co-founder Chris Hughes buys majority stake in New Republic...
I just wanna crawl back into bed... /:
Good morning friends, our wifi is crusin and we are on the interwebs highway to see what's going on? Any good news you'd like to share?
(jen) Trying to reach a client in Scotland before my day gets going and his day ends.
lol I will
"Starting today we'll tell the story my way. The King of Imperfection takes back the Prince of Mistakes."
Lotus jumpin tonight
Guess who has an apartment for next year? ! WOOOOH!
Interesting licensing play #sportsbiz MT : Your favorite Player's Twitter Name & Number T-shirts. Coming soon
should play with me sometime :-)
I coulda sworn he told everybody he was single 0_0
I love rumors! I found out stuff about myself not even I knew.
Just made a presentation with a NARB
If I get one more recommendation to follow Ryan Seacrest I'm going to punch my screen.
Morning, Tim. Please pass the pot of coffee to me when you have filled your cup!
Loving my new profile pic <U+2665> the guy that I am so proud<U+2665>
The point makes is that white women often ignore, obviously, the needs of women of color.
follow back please I need to DM you something :)
theNoster123 on YouTube
peace judy.
#teammiami him take it all the way.
A time-traveling robot monkey seeks to avenge his daughter's death by uncovering a mysterious conspiracy. Plus ghosts and aliens.
I just wanted to say... I love you.. lmao jk. did you see that clippers and grizzles game hoe?
Mr. Brown saved my life<3
Currently obsessing over sea salt. Want to make sautéed spring veggies with olive oil and sea salt. <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B4><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0086>
I #believe that one day I'm gonna be noticed by No matter how hard it is, I will always
And this is why he should just save himself time and more heartache an just pick one of us!
I hope today is tomorrow.
Good, cause I'm gon' take you out and accidentally leave my wallet home.
Perfect shitfaced mick music!
Touch it gently put two fingers inside if it's wide use three fingers make sure it's wet and rub up and down. Yep that's how you wash a cup
#theElbow heard 'round the metta world.
+eleventybillion RT : I guess you could say Joe Ricketts's chickens have come hoome to roost
Cant wait to watch the hunger game. :)
thank you!
Seeing Leah cry breaks my heart.
Current soundtrack: Balmorhea, "Steerage & the Lamp" (from Live at Sint-Elisabethkerk)
Great location for #tedxhuntsville - and bonus...free wifi
hahaha nevermind found it....You genius you!!!!
ehh idk. i think i wanna take himynameisjenna back.
Our new album will be available in 16 days via WIN
It's Official! #Urban #Meyer is a #Buckeye...looks like another 7 year drought for #scUM!
Nights like this are why I'm happy I get paid hourly.
I'm I'm love with
CNN's Mattingly talking about NC OBX yet CNN showing pix of Bahamas -- MISLEADING at best. Show NC, not Nassau!
thanks for follow!
Team Majmoo likes to personally thank our 400th and 401st Facebook Family member, Ali Algalham and Sadiyah Ahmed. Thank you and Welcome!
I saw a Fox10 SUV at my apartment complex on the north side of town off of Carefree Hwy and the 17.Where can I find the story?
All bow to the mighty Space Needle. It is 50 years old today. Sacrifices of small, used drug needles welcome.
Just did an interview on NY1 and touched on how narrow language marketing formulas hurt Latino producers. Hopefully they won't cut that!
Surrender has a amazing crowd tonight! Come check us out only
that doesn't bother me as much as feet, though it it lame. Not everything is a Corona commercial.
OMG my sister is Only 12 and literally she loves you like crazy!! She thinks UR HOT<f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A5><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A5><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A5><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A5><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A5><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A5><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A5>
Sure, let's do it :)
ugh i can't i have to head straight to Boston :( maybe sometime early next week?
when tonight?
Myself. There is no certainty about anything else.
love your instagrams!
Someone's about to get <U+2702> <f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00B4>
i would rather live with him than die with him c:
Reading & studying her scene construction. Not a wasted #scene anywhere & the different #POVs she uses really work
hell yeah my nigga
Has it been a long week for anyone else? Stop by The Upstairs for happy hour tonight, 5-8pm, we'll take care of you.
“: Long overdue RT The op-ed I wrote for the You Don't Know Che #gwu gwpatriot.com/2012/02/03/you…”
Idk bro imma check it when i get off. They was good yesterday i got the whole thing on my phone.
Finally on twitter beautiful lol. Haha
I went out w/him 2x & nothing. All I wanted to do was flee when I was on the dates.
Hello, keep up the good work.
you need an at&t phone
Today's leaders cannot afford to have blind spots in their world view.
Thanks for the
lol it seems to happen alot :/ my poor brain :P
Poor life choices? Right there with you.
3 more followers until the 500 mark whose it gonna be?
Guess who's volunteering (aka being forced) at a bingo night instead of going to the regional chamopionship bball game... this girl :(
girl u better come next time we have adventures!!
RT : Stigma is combated by standing up and talking about reality. Knowledge dispels fear and thus stigma.
#lastfridayof2011 I will be watching and play Almost #NYE in
all 1 of them?
I must be the most curious person ever b/c I have a barrel full of dead cats.
If I didn't work in a strip club I'd be the larger version of
Watching the KU game from our seats in the at Ready for to kick some ass!
hmm isn't tweeting about the #Devils game? Her phone must be dead. cc:
Lethal Weapon was not the lighthearted romp I thought it was going to be.
Liberty City for Obama meeting today at 3pm. Contact me for details.
Thank you!!!
new song by #THEGOODS #silversky debuting right now on the tune in!
Thanks for making #smreboot happen! Such a great opportunity to put faces to names across USM.
Headache still here.. Gonna try these meds one more time.. Back to sleep for me..
i just wanna send out a big thank you to the people who recently followed me. I haven't gotten on in a while
come get it
You're so sexist! Haha! RT But I'm not a man..women shouldn't have to wear ties!
You are very welcome. You have a great one too!
I hate it when people say "oh?" like I never give you an oh answer when I'm IMing you or texting you :c so then dont do it to me!
Definitely going to be a big day, stop by our booth near registration RT Gotta get my sleep before #Innotech tomorrow. Big day!
Last night was to fun :) sleepinn on & of till work at 3 ! Then uk wasssuppp after ;)
ENRAPTURED BY THE ‘RHAPSODY’
Just finished speaking at the SD 8 and 9 conventions. Great people working together for a brighter future for all Texans.
Death to people that go to the Market and get in the 10 items or less line with more than 10 things !!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
I love Marisela!
Where is #gopclownshow (aka #fldebate) online? Seems like "news leader" thinks: HANDPICKED soundbites > FULL debate
hey enough of that lol should see me shut it down Friday
? to all mom's out there: Did you a feeling or where you feeling a certain way the day you went into labor? Would love to know.
Working on my last term paper ever...till I get into graduate school, heh.
hahaha oh girl trust Me your not! I'm like Always awake;)
great game. Should have been a PK. Had the opportunities to win the game....came up short.
7 game Lin streak ends in an L...
got bitches galore.
Good luck to my babes tonight! They are gonna win the Brits. I just know it! :) x
Besides Rob, most famous Wisconsin Rapids resident = Dick Trickle.
didn't do well in duplicate bridge today. wish i could blame it all on the cards.
Musical word of the day: doit: jazz term referring to a note that slides to an indefinite pitch chromatically upwards
I don't wanna leave here.. ever.
we already did <U+263A>
No kidding.... but it makes me hopeful for other things.... :-)
Love is selfless people!
Ready for husband to be home. I miss his guts. I need to stop listening to such sappy music. <U+266C> 'The Blower's Daughter' - Damien Rice (cont…
I can't. Yet. But I do have the receipts for all my equipment & travel/food back and forth to SC.
RT : Did you just say Madness? This is SPARRTTTAAAHHH!!!!! Let's go!
Who still has a blackberry and I don't have ur pin?!
hey! When are you coming home?? I have two weeks off. #iwillhaveisabellatime!
Whoa, I was just there an hour ago. >> RT : 3-alarm fire at Haight&Fillmore in SF where a building w/ a Walgreens and apts is burning.
true! But she'll probably understand when we talk to her!
How could anyone forget you and your awesome ties? ;)
...but can you dunk like him???
If you have a dream, give it a chance to happen.-- Richard M. DeVos
well that's what I like to hear!! lets keep it that way :) so which song is your favorite so far?
very true taught us some powerful things today at her workshop. We were lucky to be able to host it!
Meet Carl Landry of the and sign up for his basketball camp! Carl will be at Pinkberry Mandeville Saturday, June 2nd from 2pm-4pm
Now every body smashing for the cash Jack....... lol
In just a moment, everything can change forever
I found out that Im getting the Ipad2 next month!! <33 IM SO EXCITED.
happy birthday bro
Why do the disenfranchised always need to worry about funding for housing, meals and other services? Not fair! #WithoutHS ?
nice im from Milwaukee Wisconsin, go packers lol
Another patriots win in week 16. Life is good...
Thank you !
yes! it is going to be like my tweet stream only better with commentary and such! :)
Do ya thang, sign yo signature
Can we make it to 500 followers today? If we do we'll pick 1 lucky follower to win $10 in driving credit. RT and follow by 3pm to enter!
who is wasting there time trying to replace you?
waiting to get my haircut while sitting next someone who obviously didnt brush their teeth today
where is yours?
What are the truths?
going into old navy for a minute. Take your time.
I'm trying to work and my eyes keep shutting.
I feel sick
Mom: I'm too tired to bake. Me:What are you going to bake? Mom:A penis cake. Me:For a bridal shower? Mom:Yes. Me:Oh thank god. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
DOW hits 11K first time since May
During church this morning the only thing that was going on through my head was the song Taylor gang by
really? Didn't know that was the reality for black dogs...what is the reason?
favorite TV show of all time?
Hooray! Congrats on the huge new job!!
Excited to have you! Hope you have a great time in Austin at #SXSWedu in March. Good luck with your panel!
Off 2 Senate 2 testify bout business lending challenges. Ok kidding but I am heading 3 IFASBLS to be a panelist & talk bout these issues. :)
feminism offered us two things: fatter dolls and an end to traditional gender roles
I have strep throat :(
When my phone is almost dead, and I have to turn it off all day to save some battery to call my mom after track practice <<<<<<<<<<<<<<
This super moon is super awesome
When you cease to dream you cease to live. - Malcolm Forbes
Odd Future
I promise you will.
Phil-isms rock!! : Ducks are a lot like women, they don't like mud on their butts - Phil Robertson (Duck Dynasty)"
New deerskin Kinco gloves smell like rodeo season hence the Garth Brooks on my pandora...
RT #MMchat Shawn Roberts of joins us on ‘Understanding Different Methods of Influence Measurement’
I look disgusting -___- it looked okay until I tweeted it..
It's about to storm here in Stephenville! Let's take shelter at Bostocks! The beer is flowing! We go on around 10 ;)
: We are proud to introduces "A Lesser Hope" to our Sancrosanct Family. They are a great metal band. Show them love!
Join me at Weldin Hall on Thursday Feb 16th to chat about #Snooki and her friends at a Jersey Shore Viewing and Discussion with Prof....
CONGRATULATIONS! I wanted a longer fight than the last fight and you gave it to US. "PEACE"
Birthday shout out to ! <U+E310><U+E34B>
working on a project :/
35 is the most up to date number from police
did u go there? who would expect u to apologize for that? itd b like apologizing for tweeting about the pack!
what the hell?!! It should be and tag teaming. Not that hoski
And do it with some kind of brush that doesn't judge you.
goes to the Jets. With the off-season the Fins have had, this will really test
Poor pumpkin. :(
That sounds fun! (:
never seen anything like that ever!!
my grandpops play for the celtics
I am up to 401 today. Better watch out Aaron. :)
Thanks so much - your support is very much appreciated!!
This is a perfect day to be outside. Im in need of a drink. And I want these taxes to be done. Portlanders need to take advantage of this
If one day everyone decided they had all the T-shirts they would ever need, would the French Quarter survive?
RT : #shoutout to the hospitality from at the step show right now!
you rebel, you!
When are you coming to the Knicks? Can't wait to see you swishing down threes!!
giving away a free photo session at 200 likes (local session only).. tell your people!
Virgil~ They can conquer who believe they can.
Chilling watching family feud.
Honor thy error as a hidden intention.
2 weeks seems like long time for Hacked site. Could there be another reason TPT is down? Trust me it doesn't take that long.
Are we aware of what our cleaning products contain? LOC and SA-8 is the absolute best for cleaning everything and washing your clothes
#FF ; GO FOLLOW HER TIRED ASS! She will listen to your story and make y our smile every step of the way.
teddy shot--stoli orange, raspberry liquor, soda water and sprite. named after a bartender at mcfaddens. love it!!
Take my belt off , Bitch im pootie tang .
Thanks for swapping your crappy #MD90s into the #SFO to #MSP route. These planes need to be mothballed.
Thanks for the retweet!
best place to find your job - joborworker.com
Yaaaaooooow ! Bathing Suit/Bubble Party May 19 <U+E662>
Wow... That bunt had all the makings of a triple play... Damn.
This year, learn exactly how to handle your home improvement goals of any size--the right, safe, successful, affordable way...
JEje it was Hilarious but too CUTE!
RT : #Kudos to business and executive coach Larry Laswell on presentation at // So agree! He didn't disappoint!
Very true!! Loving your blog, very informative...even for us non-paleo people out there. But I'm slowly starting to try paleo.
Hey, sent you an email re project work, thanks
is that east or west coast time?
and now, Eric Burdon - Bruce sez he stole every song from this guy.
Gettin me a loud package of SALAD!!
There is a question on HAL about Typo3. I haven't heard or used this. Has anyone else?
..Leave his friends, so he can think.. ' I'm moving from my friends miles away, but my mahomies always support me'
A: That connectivity is great for the community because all of that information can be transferred.
Our specials are almost as amazing as we are.
If you present yourself to me in the nude, I'm gonna gawk at ur junk. Can't help it. Don't look at me like I'm a perv. YOU are the perv
Agreebird should be a game called agreebitch
SO COOL.
1 reason, Battle of Gettysburg was over shoes.Lee needed shoes.Many troops walked from AL,NC barefooted .Were almost as poor as slaves.WHY?
Birthday wishes: Kardashian Kollection gift cards from Sears, cash, Big Bang Theory on DVD, and one love. :)
Your announcement envelope is divine. =)
Hah, you might have to go into a bidding war with Lexi!
love your new show. All the hosts feel very real to me and not fake. It's like they are in my kitchen cooking and talking with me
Having dinner at Raisins in downtown Awesome service as always.
Thank you Devils!
Super excited to be doing more writing under Keep an eye out for my stories on
So happy for Melissa Mccarthy! Just goes to show that bigger women can make it in Hollywood as long as you shit yourself.
I was so annoyed about those same emails from Old Navy, Banana, etc. too! Plus iPad, computer, iPhone were going alert crazy!
Love You
Had a twenty minute chat about #Snake being a total bad ass.
bench player of the year
“: Just ordered the 21 Day Detox from Love u Bob but thats a rip off!! Don't waste ur money p1s!!
there is a little bit of that too. He got a couple of carrots ;)
thanks for the follow!
Great! I'll look into it.
...food for thought for "green OA only" advocates; some publishers will go along only until they see it as significant competition.
FORT MYERS, Fla. (AP) -- The Boston Globe is reporting that Boston Red Sox catcher and captain Jason Varitek has decided to retire.
I am really starting to feel like there is some real hatred towards The Lakers in the league office.
I honestly have a perfect life. An amazing bf that would do anything for me, an awesome/caring family & bad ass friends. Love you all <3
If you spend too long holding on to the one who treats you like an option, youll miss finding someone who treats you like a priority.
Looking forward to Friday more & more
you can do as you please
Any chance to tape something with you this afternoon for Yahoo Sports Radio?Please follow and DM if you are available
ppl always trying to kick knowledge
RT - I tune into Lingerie Football and I see an RB break two tackles.The miami dolphins should give her a call. Give them two...
They genuinely don't care. Maybe I need to use a bigger font?
Just put my bed room set on layway
yep, change the Tax Code, my family SURELY needs a BREAK!
In advance of #Badgers game, Vanderbilt's John Jenkins has hit more 3-pointers (132) than any other player in country. Next highest is 116.
before he loved me, I was FSUs .. now the opposite: I love him, and he ... (
ok.. Then it smells good :D
well shit you don't act your age which is a good thing keepin ne rollin lol
thanks ! for the s/o!
- Happy Birthday!! Hope it's filled with good drinks, good food, and good people.
Thanks! Let me know if you guys ever make thru FL again
Is it really an acceptance if a reviewer says: "given the flatness of some of the other submissions, I couldn't turn this one down."
yall im serious i seriously take the time to folow and write on my busy schedule on fb too
Ditto- 5 games Sat. and 2 on Sunday.
I think an investigation is warranted simply to maintain the integrity of amateur sports. Not sure if any violations
I'll have to ask my mum but probably :)!
TY 2 all my new fans over the past weeks, I'm honored by your interest! As always, I'd love your feedback on our money saving application!
You are evil! (and so is getting up before dawn to find out who won!)
Peter Chen is at Enterprise Data World
Achievement brings its own anticlimax.
I can't wait for Vampires Suck:D
SOPA had officially been sent to be redrafted Watch out for pitfalls in the new version of the legislation and keep fighting the good fight!
So the drafted "Nick Toon"? If he has a kid, will he also name him Nick so he can be "Nick, Jr". I can hear the fans now. TON!
It's not a rumor y'all TgT is gonna be in the studio all this week to start their new album as a group! &
I am convinced that most, it not all, bigotry, hate, & discrimination is rooted in "religious beliefs", based on a freaking flawed book!
Subscribe to our text alerts and be entered to win 2 FREE tickets to STAND Up For BASE Camp. Simply text BCNEWS to 27138.
lol I haven't watched it
GET ONE.
i once envied the lives of rap stars. then i got twitter.
The forensic report and the MJS article both took great pains to point out I did not do any blogging. Pure retaliation.
Watching Family Guy
I guess I'll find out tomorrow. The group they had now with Sedano was really good to me b/c it resembled the afternoon show.
not even gonna say anything
class acts!!!
yeah buddy
I haven't woken up at 6 AM in forever. This effing blows.
I kept applying to scholarships even when I was in college! Every dollar counts these days
The kid also spends 5 hours a day trying to successfully land an ollie on his skateboard.
R.I.P
why dont you follow me maybe? i want Micky to follow me and Dan and Greg haha I LOVE YOU ALL!!!! i fancy...
Great visit with family. I miss everyone - have to do this more often + not let life get in the way. Lots of laughing and remembering.
Just discovered the adorable and his YouTube videos. Adorable!
Got it. Replying now.
I decided to name my spider Harold after a suggestion from He does seem less threatening!
is it true you guys are taking off 1250? say it isn't so?!
I had not seen it, but I have now. Thanks for sharing the link!
"All labor that uplifts humanity has dignity and importance and should be undertaken with painstaking excellence." - Martin Luther King, Jr.
did you say steak?
CONGRATS !!! Woo. Still want to check out
Midnight showings of Dark Shadows? There's going to be like 4 people at those...
Orlando is killin the Hawks
My cat naps alot. I'd better research oxygen, it's in the air after all. Oops!! Google decided to show me oxycontin instead! Wow.
hahah definitely worth it.
Keep your passwords organized and in one place with our new Internet Password Book available now
It's all about the art and artists.
WMMB - build lists by encouraging sharing. Strict list hygiene, trusted sender reputation, clean coding = keys 2 success.
Our normal Fall Semester Hours will start on Monday, 9/19/2011.
#ICantStandPeople who play with people's heart.
In Boston!
Fuck this world & fuck this place.
Ishikawa is truly awful. Just a fastball, right down the middle.
RT we gonna dress you like pro from ya head to ya toe!!!! Tell them handsome Jimmy sent ya baby!
omg I'm inlove with you <3333
Happy mothers day babe :) xoxo <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
i have 19 days of skool left!!
I have to read a book, and do a project by the 12th! O__o that's gone be a #BADGRADE! hahah!
Working on sound design support for my VST Instrument.
there for the marlins but they are still in the middle of their game! won't get their till at least third.
Bet you wish you stocked up on some parm crisps to hunker down with for the storm. Be safe and take care!
Allen pointing out what he says are inaccurate comments from Sugarland PR rep, accuses him of injecting religion into comments
yes saira i bought her literal shit
#ifuwantsomething out of life itself sometimes its just better if u go out and get on your own follow me and i will follow u rite back!
About to see Inception at The Big Picture; all set for a good Saturday night.
lol nvm i see haha ppl know what i mean doe shit
Once, in 1998, I read a website's terms and conditions page
"Big hat, no cattle."
I'll take it into consideration, but I haven't had any other offers that i'd take yet. So you have it as it stands now.
Up all night!
Okay I love it here.
"In order 2 discover the gold in ur organization, u have 2 be willing 2 shake the pan"-d.blowers. Quote used this am 4 my keynote intro :)
When ugly people have your name >>>>
47 days until our hospitality suite will open for our 50th appearance at the Final Five. Go Jollymen !!
": And I'm bustin back so niggas in a glass house should not throw stones"
I believe we need to unhinge ourselves from the pick-me mentality in general. How does a big corp legitimize earnest effort?
View your own desktop while sharing your desktop to see what others are seeing
Correction: 1995 admissions data (graduating class of 1999).
I'm sure I'll run into you soon enough :)
indeed, Happy Mother's Day!
AUSTIN UNDER THE MISTLETOE! AUSTIN UNDER THE MISTLETOE! AUSTIN UNDER THE MISTLETOE! AUSTIN UNDER THE MISTLETOE! AUSTIN UNDER THE MISTLETOE!
I learned to swim in the east river
I love coincidences
The word Jazz is a slang term that at one point referred to a sexual act- InSpotter app
you need a lift man?
super nice to connect with you..went to Guilford College for undergrad..fond memories of Greensboro
Let it snow, let it snow, let it...but not like last year, please God.
Chinese megacities average 293 books per 100 people. I wonder what Chicago's books per capita is.
Justin's Hair is Swaggie, Justin's style is Epic, Justin's songs are Inspiring, Justin's body is Sexy and Justin's Voice is Flawless :)
sad day in the neighborhood.
I met a kid today who has two moms. He kept telling me "you the man"
I'm thinking I'm my own worst enemy.
ok! We should find a time in the next couple of weeks! I have a work conference this weekend so hopefully no 530 gym times!
Security threat grounds plane at ABQ Sunport. One person is in custody. More info on www.krqe.com.
Hope everyone had a wonderful weekend! Call us today for a free quote! 702.258.1995 :)
RT nah sell out mi friend dem”
So TRUE! Be strong and stay in prayer!
Love S'Mac Mac and Cheese! Favorite winter meal
Can't believe I have just read on facebook "yaaay got 1D tickets, naaat there overated" OVERATED? They will never be rated!
damn I thought you where 16 already
so the rapture is happening on Saturday taking all the Christians away, hmm, I don't see a downside
Working on my PLN
Follow TRAK Records and Library for all of our opportunities nationwide!
Check out "Away" the #1 single pre-release from NEMESYS. Featured on full length album "Here and After" coming soon!!! www.nemesysband.com
does it smell like a dirty diaper and is anybody wailing?
Thanks for spreading the word about "Monday Night Live" with cast performances on Monday, July 25!
Why did #CharlesBarkley agree to do drag for a Weight Watchers commercial?
Heard some shocking and disturbing news about a former friend tonight. Cannot sleep for thinking about it.
I think I'm probably a bit much
“: Gotta pick it up for the game tomorrow #teamtofer” All-America first team starting left forward
I just checked in on TouchTunes at Nuzback's Bar .
The amount of a monthly payment that you are comfortable with is much more important than how much you can qualify for.
why do hoes always gotta talk shit about an ex that just really makes you fake cause you didnt say how you really felt when you were with em
lol, yes, we all know I'm a make out queen. king? something
Now i have 9 followers #wtf can any one help me get more? maybe?....
don't have to be when their introduced...could be more elaborate though out the plot
is our 2,000th Follower! THANKS!!
only been to paris for a day during a layover, so not really. My only suggestion is to make dinner reservations NOW. Even bistros
And I feel your pain.
A music box to catch your tears
Woah, I won the Spanish lottery and am getting paid for Nigerian contract work, both in the same day! Will wonders never cease. :)
did you get cut...color, or both? I missed my cut on Wed...have to wait till next week. Ugh.
Did Sweetpea survive finals? :)
#Headache x_x , finna burn one and go to sleep..
Can u please follow us? =)
All the best to you, and thanks for the great work you've done for Madison/the state!
Found my happy place, y'all.
My next project will be called
Good Job! :) Keep up the good work! RT Down 10.5lbs since Monday. Feeling pretty happy with myself so far.
none of you girls better be messing with my cow suit hahaha ill fuck yall up
Thanks for the mention! Will be creating a CC Case Study for THEY CALL US /ANIMALS/ on your Wiki.
Really glad I decided to pick up a pair of #Vibram 5-Finger Shoes!
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3> RT : I get to do 4/20 lol this should be fun!!
Can we get you on the show tomorrow talking #MCBW??
I. Am. A. Fucking. Cosmetologist. Not. A. Nail. Tech.
Hi Marcie, I've just always liked motorcycles, and now that I'm older I like older motorcycles. Hope you have a good day!
just one though?
Just listened to the new Thrice song "Yellow Belly" It rocks! Stoked for the new album Major/Minor Sept 20
Merry #Christmas everyone!
Anxiously watching updates hoping for random weeknight show within 6 hr drive of Atlanta April 22-25 perhaps? (:
still in shock over this rotation RT : #Phillies announce Lee's five-year deal -- and say he will wear No. 33.
thanks for the follow! Love your org's mission!
I will
we'll see. he can def. get about his help D but i can't see him ever not being a PnR liability. guess we'll see
I'm hungry, I'm tired, I'm extremely irritable and I just want to turn my brain off
Good! Me too. First ever so it should be exciting. You joined the pool of potential dirs, yes? Thanks for that!
im in new orleans .
People on these shows are ridiculously interesting. How is this possible?
lmao why they do that!
Still hate rockband.
ooh, cool! (: coincidence!! :D
you ain't lying. I hate it there
S/0 coming to #Alaska next month for #word2thewize5 gonna be dope!!
Do you know Liams twitter?
hahaha twitter doesn't like our friendship
Like the Black Eyed Peas sang, "Where is the Love?" for Alshon Jeffery from NFL decision makers? A.J. Green really? AJ GREEN?
Busy busy busy. I'm currently in PHX, was in vegas two days ago and won't get back to PDX for another week. How you doin?
hey what's up
Energized and ready for the day=)
me and would like to know why you put !!! After every single tweet??
Am I the only one who gets excited when my favorite person from YouTube retweets my stuff? Just me? Oh okay.
lol yup...a try it out yu nuh. I'm good how about you?
How funny! I was gonna start wrapping my cupcake boxes n bowes too! #GreatBakersThinkAlike lol
On my way to CrossFit! Yep...there may be an addiction.
i'm currently playing words with friends with saavadra lol yolo
we gotta do paintball sometime. I haven't played in years
lol so true
Worry less, smile more. Accept criticism, take responsibility. Listen and love. Don't hate. Embrace Change and Feel good ANYWAY.
Well Since It's A Commercial I'll Finish This Paper.
never heard end of bird story. Did ya get it or is there a Hitchcock thing going on in the RG? I need to know - I'm headed in.
So... characters BioWare charges for should not be cool?
Thank you!
How about an annoying coworker is being annoying? :)
I really hope Hannah tells us how many texts she gets.
#salmonfishinginyemen Good film with the handsome but slightly befuddled #ewanmcgregor and his charming Scottish brogue!
"God, I'd sleep with her any day! If i wasn't married." (Watching a video of Jagger)
or at least a dog ...
lol nope, just diseased :(
I agree the reason when it all board down is dudes aint ready to commit like they say they do .afraid of some good
Building for Energy Efficiency—Are the Savings Worth the Investment? - The Data Center Journal (blog)
RT if you love your mexican acons! (:
I just hash tagged on fb. Complain all you want ;)
Congratulations #QUgrads12! We are proud of you!
haha I wish I had that privilege! I have an exam tomorrow in 8 hours
(holding up sports boxers I'm buying) Walmart checker: so these are like undies, but they keep you dry? No need to powder the donuts then.
I'm Done.
#SomeoneWhoCan make you laugh so hard you can't breath
I sought the LORD, and he answered me and delivered me from all my fears. ~Ps 34
I'm Irritated AF /:
good here, thanks!
where are you? You need to get back to Htown ASAP
I just hear "blue" by eefiel 65 on the radio. Wow someone called that in....
What is Glee's sick fascination with wheelchairs?
Success is a Journey, Not a Destination ~Ben Sweetland
Loved Madonna's half time performance!
sorry! Rock on!
We HIGHLY recommend you attend this special online class we're doing next week
Looking forward to #nea tweets this weekend!
#Tired! -____-" I'm going 2 sleep.. Goodbye twitter! :P
That's what i thought!
Can you beer me now? cc
Regardless of how hot and steamy a relationship is at first, the passion fades and there had better be something else to take its place!
Thank you. Let me know when your back Mel.
lol hell yeah everything else is love tho <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Why does everyone hate oatmeal? If I found a girl that likes oatmeal id marry her. #determined(;
Oh, so your definition of "Forever" was till you found someone "Better"
Uni is exhausted after day of outreach on the streets of New York. It is having a family dinner at Lupes 6th/Spring before early bed. Cheers
Off work where can i have fun at????
#whenifirstjoinedtwitter i had no idea how to do anything
I put on different clothes after school and I look better than I usually do, like what the hell happens when I go to school? Lol
Just got off the plane. Back from NYC, now on my way to play for B-day bash tonight!! Detroit tomorrow! #Jukin weekend!
Are we talking jewel case? And how many pages?
Follow Me Please!? 62
Jon, yes, want to meet up at lunch? or after?
Keep your umbrellas handy tonight as showers are possible. Another warm day on tap tomorrow.
night rushers hope i doon't get sick 2night
very bad pic!
YOU WILL FOREVA BE IN THE SAME PLACE AS YOU STARTED IF YOU DONT GRIND!!!
Life is weird.
The Pointe, a luxury condo on the North Shore of Staten Island, has come to market with 1BR & 2BR units priced from the $300,000s
Another Free Lock: Spurs-5.5
We need not fear anyone turning revival into a marketing scheme to grow their own deal. God will not grant real revival to "Stage Fire"
Remember chasing the lights at blockbuster as a kid?
Does mel gibson even have a purpose anymore?
nothing beats
Some1 go to tropical smoothie with me
Happy Holidays from the U.S. Black Chamber, Inc!
whens the next time you making a trip down here?
I swear, I feel like I have no friends anymore.
Everyone fuckin bugs me.
RT One thing i dont like about roommates,always got company. Dont like a lot of ppl in my place 24/7
Which lesson?
I'm tired like everyday yet i can never sleep, makes no since to me
Looking forward to it! RT : #HRevolution bringing #HR bloggers and practitioners together. Join us on 10/7.
haha. You won't be sorry!
She is so lucky, but why does she cry?
open on Thursday at 4:30?
Great movie!
if you live to be 100, i hope i live to be 100 minus 1 day, so i never have to live without you.
And that's why ur always on the bench in crunch time Eddie House...BAD!!!
Oh indeed.
Who is/was your mentor?
How's am I supposed to do that. Come on, think before you Tweet.
i love it when i have a dream where you and fuck... can it come true?
Nothing better then a lazy afternoon in a pool, with sunshine...We count those days here in Wisconsin
So tired...
damn i hate the bears
Austin! You should follow me back. Please? Pretty please?! :b
"without principles", indeed!
You know we love you back!!!
#LifeWouldBeBetter If I were a billionaire BUT SINCE wishing is for armatures I choose to make it happen SEIZE YOUR DAY
LOL..she looks great doesn't she?
Keep the mustache, - it looks great! My wife won't let me cut mine off. Not sure why.
Touch my cookies again itll be the end of you. I've killed for less.
yeahh! like when i put the link to my blog, it wont let me go to the next step
Thanks for following us !
I wish I had someone to go out to eat with me.
Fair enough!
maybe they are a cat?
doing final-final edits on my book. This will be a quick and easy process since I've already edited, right? Right?
#FF my wonderful boyfriend <3 He's simply the best <3
I would just like to say that is not forever alone, he is forever mine. #bestfriends #yes #lovers #hellyeah #partybuddy ? haha(:
let"s see How about Giante, we charge him a fee for keeping your photo so long on his Facebook page. He is Boss status
idk I guess but gonna try dis way yall c
RT When you think about it, Mariah Carey and Drew Carey don't even look like sister and brother.
Favorite tweet of the day RT : Eagerly anticipating the historical references in Bachmann's first speech in Waterloo, IA.
If you could have two (2) roller coasters in your backyard for you to ride whenever you felt like, which coasters would they be?
Follow me @ sexyshanti21 I follow back. :-)
Not suddenly... It's been a long time coming.
sounds like a rave (; I genuinely think I will break all my bones..
Suitcase broke in the parking lot, spewing lacy unmentionables & senior project everywhere. In the words of , vomit on my life.
That awkward moment when your scuba diving and you see Adele rolling in the deep.
any Florence & the Machine for your Song of the Day? I love Shake it Out - good for all moods.
me either, she said tell my nephew I want my cut though, straightcashshit <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0>...Lol!!!
7 year old just said "TV is good for learning how to give attitude, be a rebel and what conditioner to buy"
i thought the pic were real i really cried omg i canot see u get hurt honey i love u somuch please be careful i would die
New recipes every day! #cooking #baking #foodblog #gluten free ideas #dessert #health #dinner ideas
did you guys see Cabin in the Woods?
Ahh I see you are on here! I am here a lot more now!
I just hate every DB episode it's like a nightmare to watch them !
even if it's during sex?
i found out about this last night! I TOTS FREAKED OUT! #GYCDoublePlatinum excited for #thewantedeptommorw !
oh have fun with that. I think she's tanning right now.
Omg omg omg omg omg I in Kansas city omg omg omg omg too bad I can't drive to go hunt him down >.<
as publishers, opening up our books - not just for a chapter - creating dynamic digital models - could be great.
im done wit Milwaukee
Apparently she hangs out at hipster bars in Cobble Hill, if you're game.
How to Double Your Productivity In One Week error
#placesiwoulddoharrystyles any where. Any time. Any place.
ABSOLUTELY can't stop listening to "Payphone". AMAZING!
I never thought id say it.. But Pauly D you gotta stop tanning. Lol
RT ": corny movies make me reminisce, they break me down easy on this generic love shit"
99.999999% of philosophers are cognitvo-neuro-logico minded case study thought experiment types. Interesting people?
Thanks for the RT re: Smithsonian "Ramp it Up" exhibit Chance to expose the importance of the sport!
You kind of remind me of Aubrey Plaza. :)
Am I the only one that finds the thought of "An Evening With David Sedaris" a little frightening?
I'm always down for some Bosh Bashing...
THanks for the Follow Andrew, what you working on these days?
go make a book of it...
Glad I have no kids. No baby mama drama or baby daddy mess
Dear Math, I liked you a whole lot more before you and the alphabet started hooking up Sincerely, All Students.
Hey Trendsetters: if you're not following #oncopyright--you should probably fix that STAT. So much good stuff!
round bout this time i'll be watchin sports nation or mike and mike or first take if i was at home
sabotaz.. I love that fuckn smell. When we gonna hit that bitch up.
To all my DJs in the area, please let me know if you've got ACAPELLAS on deck! Putting a special project together and I need YOUR help!!
You're welcome! :) RT : Awesome! saves the day with an emergency silver Sharpie delivery. Thanks!
i know, i guess i thought the (some) people of austin were different :/
Okay got permission! Am joining "Old Dogs NewTricks" starring Leon Acord....a really FUN opportunity playing a biatch!!!
Nothing better than this!
- Thanks for writing about Pyrotopia! Our new date is Saturday, April 28th at the Pump House (in the Waterfront).
It's OK to enjoy your success, but you should never quite believe it.
very very hot!
Lincecum gives up three in the first...Panda DL'd..
you guys killed it at the Larimer Lounge in Denver. loved it. the second to last song (one of your new songs) was the shit!
Tarzan-no one believes he can make it to the end. But w/ all the men on the jury, if he makes it to the end, he has a chance.
If u don't believe there's such a thing as 2 smart, u've never been in the position of completely understanding what everyone hates about u.
The most beautiful day in weeks. And weeks. Makes one believe in a higher power in the universe ... the void is smiling at us I think.
Haha, yes! Well, tweeps, stay tuned 4 Ann Hirsch's upcoming projects by following her here. And see u at Microscope!
"Some men see things as they are and say why. I dream of things that never were and say why not" -George Bernard Shaw
Ohoho no poor Rep. Weiner. And how easy is it to name a dick pic scandal of someone whose name is weiner?
aww thanks :D
Dear homeless crackheads of NYC, please find another comparison for me besides Pee Wee Herman or Clark Kent. Thank you kindly.
It's ok N. Korea. Happens to even the best, maybe take a quick walk around the house and get a glass of water then try again.
love you :P
WHAT! I'm jealous I wish he would follow me!
Because nobody's listening, right? Everyone's just enjoying the rouse, wearing the amber mask, pretending to be elsewhere in their minds.
Did you know we can make custom MirrorSleeves to promote your company or business? Contact us at for more info...
if you're buying, we are headed that way :).
I'm on mobile twitter and it just gave me the fail whale. What!
ha! you'd have a better chance of getting Dubaya convicted of #WarCrimes... #Bankster Elite is 1 step above Political Elite.
My life is as only good as the beliefs as I have in my life.
mix and mastering packages for a reasonable price get at me
thank u thank u, appreciation
I've been looking through the pictures I took of your food! -.-
Sex and the City is the best
I meant to say "Congratulations!!" when I saw this news last week. Glad to know you'll be keeping natural history museum ties too
The sun needs to go away and the rain needs to start.
alright...let's go Flyers!
you're forgiven... This time. Hmmpf. Haha ;P
Scary Stories are enormously popular at my school too. Kids love to be scared! Not me-I have a hard time reading horror/ghost.
People are so mean.
Approaching 18 minutes into the race. Leaders should be closing in on Camp Randall Stadium very soon.
Awh yeah the new episode of the Closer !!
Hate days like this where I woke up early.. And it feels like I'm awake but my brain isn't.. I need to go back to sleep and REwake up. Ugh!
You can never cross the ocean unless you have the courage to lose sight of the shore. ~Columbus
nice to meet you:) hows your week going ? hope things look bttr since the unhappy realization (re. GEO320)
much love 2 , & 4 enjoying the show last night. Trust me, 1 1/2 hours on stage by myself was not planned!
If u pay to open up a show or Pay to Perform ANYWHERE.....That Dont mean you got "Booked" That Means You Got Taxed!! lol
oh hell, there's no way I'd remember them!
Be good or be good at it.
I'm not really feeling this performance.
Free Video Training: Learn How to Get Guaranteed Distribution on Amazon, Hulu, Netflix, Cable & in Theaters | FilmFundingClub
yeah, he can return kicks too. We just need some fast RBs everyone for the colts last year on offense was slow except Garcon
Every photo bears your logo or brand image. Through socially networked iSnap, that photo will reach hundreds of friends and family members.
Confuses talking with tackling. RT I'll be tackling fiscal reform + job creation at this morning's forum for Mayoral candidates.
and by Senior Editor you mean oldest person who does nothing on the masthead
Nice evening for baseball at Turner Field. The Braves are leading 6-0 over Cincinnati in the bottom of the 5th.
We will be co-headlining, playing alongside EYES SET TO KILL, May 28th at Tucson Electric Park. More Details to come. RT RT
Time for a nice lunch and some relaxation out in the sun. Back for a short afternoon stint and then home 2 my doggies!
I got an ugly bruise on my thigh <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081> Ewwe.
I think I like getting ready to go out more than actually going out.
Hi there! I'm doing well. Thanks for asking. How are you?!
90's knicks had the best chemists (chestbumps all day). anthony mason, oakley, chris childs
": absolutely not, have some for me!" You got it!
Pittsburgh has some amazing talent! We were really impressed with some of the people who came out for auditions last night!
Not sure where to even start on this one! Oy.
Wolf atones with a SF that gives #Brewers a 2-1 lead. Would have been 3-1 if Weeks could have delivered w/ Ishikawa on 3rd & 1 out.
Excellent work fielding questions Mary Salas, and Congrats on the endorsement of SDSU College Dems!
Varsity Show was great!
Oh how I love y'all.
It's humid af.
Trying to understand the rage/frustration around Huff Po covering Drake. It's a commercial news outlet covering a commercial artist.
Was forced into making a facebook ugh -.-
An advertising agency is 85 percent confusion and 15 percent commission. Fred Allen
Me too!!
Cant find my astronomy homework :(( i probably wont be in first period tomorrow
99% of my battery goes to twitter & instagram.<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Lisa, thank you! What great advice. So much to learn about #fatherhood! Open to advice!
Dr. Sketchy’s Presents: Drawing America where people will bring sketch pads & supplies to draw live models. Sunday 6-9pm. Enjoy!
Bring me food, so I know that it's real. *stomach growls*
I kept shooting, defending the library against the onslaught of Kindles.
Stan Marsh: "You don't even know anything about Christianity." Eric Cartman: "I know enough to exploit it."
I would love to meet up with you! Where is the Women faith conference? I would like to attend that too, if possible.
Liam has really good taste in music.
OMG! MAKAYLA AND I ARE THE ONLY ONES RIGHT NOW ON VINNY'S FACEBOOK. PAGE. THAT IS SO WEEIIRDD
its okay:)xx
So listening to bluegrass music, I think of Deliverance and I feel that some male may rape me tonight
#job #Denver I need a desktop / network admin go getter who's deployed #blackberry ent server aka BES. Quick project could turn in to more!
definitely mushed myself. guess you cant tweet good sessions just like you cant post graphs
Fuck why am I up do early it's my day off dammit let me sleep
guess the endorsement didn't do much for #Romney in the end
When I see those old people falling in the kitchen commercials....I can't stop laughing...
still catchin' up on things, or do you have a minute?
Having breakfast at Pike's Place Market in Seattle. Lovely
#Happybirthdaytravisclark Will you ever consider going on tour with ?
what about consistent cheaters??? Haha......
hey there
Homer visits a therapist who somehow reverses his role with Bart! Paul Rudd guest stars as the therapist watch with us at 5!
Twitter on my ipod please load -.-
ps3 owns xbox. Waaayy better. People need to know the truth! Lol
if you're listening to stupid hoe, im judging you.
Tomorrow we're committing random acts of kindness with on
Thomas Robinson vs. Terrence Jones is a helluva matchup
Have you thought about trying an #ec2 instance? We've got a few flavors of pre-rolled #omeka + #wordpress images here
I'm really excited for #pizzanight tonight: buffalo chicken pizza with a spicy hot pizza sauce, chicken, and blue chz crumbles!
Today is a red lipstick kind of day.
what a lovely day. (:
Just de-bra'd in the middle of the sidewalk because I couldn't take it anymore. New level of shamelessness.
I am fighting off something cold-like....need to save the voice for a Voice Over job (Industrial for a client in China) and Sams Club manana
I will not cave by putting the air conditioner on... The house we want doesn't have AC nor the capability to get it.
With the 22nd Overall Pick, the #Browns take #OklahomaState QB Brandon Weeden.
its crazy how i come home to take a nap and i end up sleeping till 10:45. -_-
Ok. The adrenaline has worn off. I am going to sleep the sleep of the extremely sleepy.
"If u r sincerely sorry, u shouldn't expect an apology in return." But we all know isn't sincere.
Tell me about you, what do you do?
Howdy! Thanks for all of the social media shout-outs! Y'all rock!
Sure thing!
my wife's last name is Hanrahan and I'm from da 'Burgh, had to follow!
hahahaha me either. Your tv <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
You sure do!
"Woman, here is your son." (John 19:26) Jesus never stops caring for his mother – nor us.
yeah i also got an Abbey road messanger bag and Beatles monopoly
We have a photographer on the way to the 9-car accident that has closed I-40 E at Wyoming.
I LOVE my Mahomies(:
lol yes that is right
Documentary on Charles Manson, fuck yes.<3
#goal - history: B
Just peed n straight in the mouth LOL“: Like with pee pee on the tip? LMAO”
I love seeing my mom & aunt getting along, even if it did take a fight for them to get together and enjoy each others presence
boring ass french class
Hate waking up so late
great call by said it would be a 3rd quter blow out on tonight before the game
Lets go! How about Thursday?
Why not close the freeway when I have a 3 hour drive?
“: which one? LOL! All good. Yes to next week! :-)”I will see u there :)
“: Ready for day 2 of hope it is as inspiring as yesterday.” :-)
some party on 19th
Just win the lottery, right?
i appreciate it (:
Happy Friday.
Happy Chinese new year year of the dragon
Stay cool, my friend...rt: in here too...
revolutionary. I must have one. Check it out all iPad owners.
“: It's show time!! will be here shortly!”
Is Tom Jones is to singers as Mickey Rourke is to actors? Tom Jones singing in a hotel room by
I guess they hope you will think it's to much hassle to use someone else product/service
Come get your tools sharpened at SE Tool Library and support the library until 2 today. Corner of SE 28 Pl. & Harrison.
NOSOA - Some follow and implement rules and others design them. We need to work with both but one can hardly do the job of the other.
Classifying back pain by duration: acute (less than 4 weeks), subacute (4 – 12 weeks), chronic (greater than 12 weeks)
Just got Mindless Behavior stuff my birthday today
for interviews , press & more information on Dangerous Vintage please email us at
He's nice to everyone. The problem is, when he was nice to her, she thought it was because she was special.
Right...but publicity. BBTN gave U guys a lil love last nite but did mention the same phrase that pisses me off year after year
No. RT Do you let your #kids drink soda?
If you choose to hold pain, that's the vibration you will teach the body. If you choose happiness, that's what the body will learn to hold.
We remember the thousands of Jews from Dvinsk, Latvia, who were transported to the Pogulanka Forest and murdered 70 years ago today
had the most fabulous evening despite have the side effect attack from hell pt. 2.
": Patriots take Hightower? Steeler Nation is pissed!!!! Ha ha ha #PittsburghSucks"<those asses can cry in their iron shitty beer
thank you! Let's catch up at the next break.
Thor movie sucks.
It's been a long day. Time for me to call it a night.
So in my Jesus-Burger commercial, will sit on the toilet, eating a Jesus Burger, looking at the Christ Face on the patty...
- lazy bones!
fire me an email
Thank you to the more than 15 volunteers who came out and helped us block walk and phone bank this weekend. Just 44 days to go!
RT - 2011 Jacksonville Jaguars Season Preview | Best Cactus
i would like more followers because i like all of my followers they are very nice kind and thoughtful people and you are the best please
Why do I even give you the benefit of the doubt smh
i dont know
Tech difficulties
“Hu Honua” means to “come from the land”—We want to create sustainable energy, reduce imported fuel dependence, and stimulate our economy.
I love when it rains
4 seasons hotels have hundreds of individual twitter & facebook accounts.
Lmfao let's hope I pass this spelling test today
man I appreciate it. Let me know when you drop the finished copy or if you need a pen
can we bring a camera to the venue for the performances?
If you've recently ordered from Ashlei Shannon, your order HAS SHIPPED!!! Thank you for shopping AS & enjoy =))
Happy Friday the 13th! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
Awesome. Thanks for sharing. hope all is well with you. Let's connect soon. interested to hear how things are going.
I think everybody should get wealthy and prominent and do all that they ever imagined so they can notice that it's not the reply.
so sorry to hear that! Hopefully you can find a good PT near by that does manual therapy can you help?
oh ok cool.
I know everyone goes out on Saturday nights, but those are my nights to stay in and chill.
thanks 4 following me, right back at you ! (:>))
It felt kind of odd, actually. Had one appt in the tasting room then made a run for it.
Bitch :o.
doing homework...someone grab me and take me away please
I've never seen traffic like this in downtown Baltimore. Is everyone fleeing because Commissioner #Bealefeld is retiring?
Sara Jayne Blackmore is playing 'the girl'. Mystery revealed at Theatre at St Clements. Follow Sara
Thanks for the RT!
No prob! I love your blog! Rockin it out in Orlando:)
FYI, is awesome! Sad that I can't take until spring
#1 but it was a tough choice.
In w'press, when uploading pic, you can type keywords in the bar for "description".
should probably start my homework..
According to my prop-diploma, my name is Kyle Caruso and I am graduating from U of Phoenix with a Master of Business Administration degree
I never go there lol
what's that noise? oh, right, it's friday night, and I live in brooklyn.
Never eating chilli again unless its homemade again lol
Can you follow me please? I love you su much! Never change, you're amazing. Kisses. I'm proud of be simpsonizer17
Bloody Mary!!
Play free Bingo on Sunday's Super shopper event and win up to $25 in gift cards, like gas at Aloha Petroleum and Maui Mall prize packs.
Cheating ass ump!
Lemme find out you cleanin up murder scenes in your spare time Dawn. Lol
Not to sound like your stereotypical stoner...but bro...i swear EVERYTHING taste super delicious when you're high.
gave blood today for the 18th time!
If you live in the LA area contact us to attend the performance tomorrow at the Gibson Show Room Beverly Hills 6:00PM
it was a wonderful letter. didn't realize the connection, but totally makes sense and the world is much better off thanks to you
Coffee&bagel kind of morning.
I'll do it!
I love swisher, love his enthusiasm and how much fun he really seems to be having
congrats to Bettina - Well deserved!
Many, many people have recovered and lived productive, law-abiding lives after having been convicted of a crime...
Good morning! What's on everyone's iPod today?
Happy Thanksgiving Sweetie
As If I'm going to sleep anytime soon.. I have way too much energy right now..
#GoTribe The Duke welcomes back Johnny Damon and Derek Lowe to Fenway, World Series Champions of the greatest comeback i...
Good morning tweeps!
Tnx for follows RTs and mentions!
You're officially 13 in the East Coast! HAPPY BIRTHDAY! :) x
My IPhone has a boyfriend his name is Android lol
Limits of Free Speech: you can't yell "Friere" in the middle of a crowded faculty meeting.
Why's my Netflix being so slow....
RT : Just don't ask me to change.
I can't decide what my favorite #film of the year is... Maybe Hugo.
If you like to find good music in a legal song of the day free download format, check out
Can't believe A will 4 in one week!!
FREE #ExperienceJoeRogan app for Droid! All the Joe Rogan you need! Enjoy!
Interesting night with and and his gf
I like hiphop cuz it makes me feel tough hahhahahhahah ah shit
I hear you sis
Plus he's a JET and that's a fact. Wait until he doesn't deliver before throwing rocks. We #Jets fans never see value anywhere.
Mothers Day is ending. Most of us honored our mothers in some way today. Let's carry that love over to tomorrow and all days.
im tired. in both ways.
a. that story is hilarous/genius all at the same time and b. segways are scary and i hate being on them!!
Aplusk Its nice to know both of you are looking out for the children. I feel the same way men don't touch children.
Easy is no fun.
Livin' the Orlando dream…for three weeks!
this isn't over baby don't believe a word they said!
Ask for that as a fealty.
I need to work on #4, sales is prob the most underrated skill set
I'm 2 cool for u
I'm walking too!!
Thanks for the #FF ;)
Safe travels !
similar to twitter :)
if one more person tells me it rains a lot in Seattle...
35 cats from local hoarding case placed into rescue. 7 more young adult males, multi colored, polydactyl. Rescues reply 4 more details!
But she deserved it for her graduation, i'm proud of her(:
rainy mondays.. easiest way to loose all of your work ethic.
thanks for hanging out w/us , OnBroadway, E-Street & Stars! xo. Everyone, please check out "AM/FM"!
“: On Mommas u ain't a town nigga if u don't hit the hogie shop at least twice a month” < u gotta be talkin about Seminary!
didn't want me to stay with her :(
yep in town for a quick tripfor a wedding, but it was great to stop by the founders den for a quick min.
A cold, 8 mosquito bites & delirium, but I am back home from my trip.
WISHING AND HOPING MY DREAMS COME TRUE TODAY PLZ FOLLOW ME SELENA I LUV YUR MY IDOL 4 LIFE (: <3 8
Do you ever just wanna grab someone by the shoulders, look them deep in the eyes and whisper to them "no one gives a fuck"
#20ThingsAboutMe i have one of the biggest hearts, even tho people take advantage of it.
hahahahahahahahahahahah I'm babysitting and I told them about you and they started asking me of I was gonna marry you!!! Lmao!
This!!! RT I admire my willpower for not killing anyone yet. And I don't just mean tonight, in general.
my slootometer is off the charts
so I'm not the only one who noticed that? I didn't recognize her at first.
Great showcase at SoulFood Books tonight - thanks to all who came out to support! Hope to see you there again next month (every 3rd Sat.)!
Feel so good right now
Yes Ma'am
Callin this a nite to catch up on needed sleep
I lost the ability to move things with my mind... Comeon water! Comeoooon
What a fine day!! recharged well and getting ready for a new productive week!
Sunday night blues
Just heard some good news! :)
I'll introduce you to a better side of life.
Can't get exquisite taste of dashi of shaved yellowfin tuna out of my mind ' dashi workshop at new Soba-ya in Torrance.
Amy Vanderbilt~ Parents must get across the idea that I love you always but sometimes I do not love your behavior.
have fun with 'so-called laws of nature'! good luck!
Working on my letter to self!! I've got a lot to do and it's due Monday!!
can you follow me back please?(:
One consequence of putting schematics online: unsolicited manufacturing bids.
Going out for coffee this morning, then dropping off posters and fliers at a venue for a gig.
Lakeshore State Park friends are planning an April Fools Day tweetup restaurant - near the park. That April 1 on your calendar.
Good day tweets! Off work early. Sitting at home waiting for the air condition men to get here and fix the leak!
T and G are very close to each other on a keyboard. This recently became apparent to me and I won't end an email with “Regards” again.
Thanks , and for the follow!
I lost it when she did that thing with her fingers.
Playing with my new Eris. This phone is sick!
Great articles on Bain & Romney. It was driving me nuts that no free-enterprise defenders want to clarify the role of VC & PE
Just saw "The Hangover" - literally split my sides. I expect they thought the audience was young men - but no. Two words - Bradley Cooper!
today is gonna be a good day!!!
Thank you chip kelly!!
. today, refuse the cat its urge to chase its tail. Have a productive and great day, my friend.
not even close to the same
Constance: "Now you'll be here *forever*."
man u did the damn thing @ DAR constit hall last night...I was litterally cryin & the open acts were hilarious
Jump, Bitch, Jump
I knew he got killed.... but I never knew how till jus now ...fucked up...
Just got back from Alaska last night duude, off to Miami tomorrow at noon. Down for dinner tonight brodie?
i wanna follow OF people
Watching Marc Jacobs dress up makes me happy.
thank you!
oh sweet talker! ALA Council. I was nominated and very pleased to be! And acrl lpss vp.
When you judge another, you do not define them, you define yourself. ~Wayne Dyer
well then I'd make you sweat double ;) and I've missed your gorgeous self as well!
ohh it sounds like a whole lot of hassle lol:/.. what u goin to school for again? I don't think I have asked before? Lol<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
isn't past your bed time?
Which local mascots would you like to see at my Birthday Party on April 14th?
3rd Winning Pick - #NFL Week 13...Lions/Bengals (42)...#Take_The_Over...Bengals O is finding some balance, which will help point production
Guess what I love?
Bitch we the bomb like tic tic
I feel really sick. :(
Interested in carrying Rain Cosmetics in your spa or salon? Many options are available! Email to learn more
I heard you had the privilege of seeing Thor. How was it?
Czerniewicz: 200 million more mobile phones in Africa than in USA
I kind of hope you choke on your words and I kind of hope you get what you deserve.
testing #blood cannon for film #Rising ~KW
Great visit (read: several servings of cheese) with Sure is nice being in a short distance relationship again!
what type of deals are you doing?
Crap. After putting my stuff on the conveyor belt, I realized why peeps are glaring. Its 15 items or less. I easily have 30.
I hope you feel better tomorrow.
accept criticism ..
GB = worst D ever.
MAN DM me random shit..someone entertain me.... Im bored af and im tired...
The #NYR really want to go to game 7
But it wont let me open it:/
um Middle Finger!!!!!!!
no i didnt im fine
Unless you mfg kosher food, then it is pretty fucking important.
Thanks for the banana bread compliment! So happy you loved it!
Being short has it's advantages. I fit quite comfortably on this love seat :3
My mom is out of surgery. She hasn't woke up yet but the doctor said she's fine :-)
I think Lionel took your advice!
New Cabinet Post ~ Court Jester ~ for Rick Perry who has passed all the exams and the jingly hat is stretchy so it'll fit his fathead.
Lots of work finished, but more to get done. I'm off to the audit mines!
I saw him...our eyes locked...and I knew...that cop was about to give me a ticket.
happy Tuesday
I'm pretty sure golf or NASCAR started off reality tv. YOU'RE WATCHING NOTHING
I judge my work performance by how dirty I am at the end of the day
oh man I hope so
Forget this idea of some sort of faith moving a mountain. I'm just going to build my own.
Hey bro, I got your message. I friended you on facebook. I'm the guitarist and vocals for Confession Of A Sinner. Mark Kelly
help me find someone to be tomorrow for character day! it could be anyone.
damn :( ahahah maybe after all these rides i give you, you'll just owe it to me!
Watching Bush perform live on VH1 <3
don't feel bad, you're not the only one who's lost. absorbing it's going to do some good and eventually things will click
And for those in the corner, and those in the spotlight, we pray.
Proverbs 31: Tawny
idiocracy?! “: it has electrolytes!”
all the cider. all the donuts. m… caramel apple.
and on weekdays her and i would watch baby loony tunes
Kweli Journal accepting submissions until September 16th! www.kwelijournal.com
"Im in love wit the brown, but I been cheating the clear all year" - becuz of and the
applying for jobs
HEY BE ON THE LOOKOUT FOR MY UPCOMMING MOVIES''TOUCHBACK,MYCRACKHEAD UNCLE, BUY MY CRACKHEAD UNCLE ONLINE OCT1WWW.MYCRACKHEADUNCLE.COM
“: Collar shit, polo fuck a bitch without a rubber thats a no no”
thank you <3
"Being single is getting over the illusion that there is somebody out there to complete you and taking charge of your own life."
hahah stop it!!!
OMG looks so freaking gorgeous tonight ! No surprise there, she always looks great !
Word is Thiery Herny is going to be out 3-4 weeks, RBNY is in big trouble!!!!!!!
YEA . IM SAYING
John are you going to the show?? It should be awesome! Will be looking to get tickets! Love ya Steve-O!!
Is your site set up for Firefox only? None of your links work on Google Chrome or Internet Explorer anymore.. at least not for me?
BRAZILIAN STATE GOVERNMENTS GO GLOBAL: Subnational Dimension of Brazil's International Relations w/Ironildes Bueno-Catholic U:Brasilia
No more turtle ! lololol
"And when will that be ready?" - this client's follow-up to every question.
The days seem so long. I can't do this anymore
In the shower I go! Dentist appointment today should be a quickie. Have a fab Thursday y'all.
Getting the endorsement of Jeb Bush is like getting the janitor brother's endorsement when running for class president
In a sweet style I bet we'd sell tons, but price point vs. cost of production...
They need flatbottom boats in Sumner County.
3 companies and 4 people just paid me
o will check there. Thanks!
hey there..u good?
Lena Olin is an international treasure of epic proportions.
They were really basic questions, so I think they understood. I think they just wanted to ask a question, and had no ideas.
Why are there so many hot guys in the music industry?
I LVE YOU FOREVER
thanks dani
Good night to start out with our LOBSTER BISQUE with butter poached Maine lobster tail & chives. . . .
Money is a terrible master but an excellent servant. ~ P.T. Barnum
what a beauty call in #Bickel he is special
thought you went home?
Parking Lot Pimping Hahahaha
Had a great day with Unrehearsed Shakespeare and their "Shrew". Come tomorrow at 5pm to catch them performing "Othello"!
Today 1903: Auto racing debuts at the Milwaukee Mile, originally a privately owned horsetrack in existence since 1876. William Jones won.
oh hai thanks for the shout out
But who would spend our money for us?
The greatest happiness of life is the conviction that we are loved; loved for ourselves, or rather, loved in spite of ourselves
ima hit your phone,bout to fly u out DC May26th for block party.
Just because something is new doesn't mean it's wrong, but when it comes to knowing God, the old is the only way.
hey thanks Chris!
1.How's It Like To Be Famous ? 2.Favorite Type Of Music 3.Favorite Celebrity ? 4.What Inspired You To Keep Dancing? :))))
No news is good news.
LOL. You'll be alright. I know this for sure. It's your charming personality. :)
Oh Tevez you get a 6.8 on that dive.
“The story of each stone leads back to a mountain.” <U+2015> W.S. Merwin
nice to see you give credit where it's due for the big game in the Garden :)
Im glad today is Friday!
That is if I were to meet James Franco.If you took me&he wasn't there anymore I'd just be pissed&not love you.
follow -> . he follows back.
RFT ": almost got killed by a truck today, I was scared <U+E107>"
You'll not be disappointed, if you can get in. Sra. Martinez, Fratelli Lyon, Maitardi... You really cannot go wrong. Enjoy!
ima snap today lol like i told you i was yesterday
Why isn't there a ham in hamburger? And, for that matter, why isn't there a pine or an apple in pineapple?
Going to go skate and listen Robyn DANCING ON MY OWN
realbrother....he is an embarrassment.
LMAO it's not cheek implants! It's juvaderm. Oh lord. Never going to Tiki again.
Looking good! #FUTANGCLAN #ATLANTA is Ravenstown!!
no worries, it's tough to discern on the
Smfh im like i know im not following fucking brian pumper only to see its this nigga fred lmfaooo
Mr. Cigar in a league of his own " Who gonna run this town tonight"
I am going to need a copy of your book if I'm going to unseat Lee Hoffman for 3rd place on the leaderboard. Please, Please Ple :)
Good Morning
Friends, I'm working on it but it looks like my YT channel will be up within 2 weeks and working on starting up an online radio show soon...
wayy too cool for you. Might dig your tips though
liked the venue and food better last year, but the beer this year is #bigtit s
RPT-Wall St Wk Ahead: Stocks face choppy seas of bank woes, uncertainty
so gross ugh
go all out or go home :) :) lol
Well tweeter I made it back up north. Yesterday's flight back was truly one for the books.
Jurafsky at #did11: we really need an easy-to-use forced alignment tool.
Grew up way 2 fast, wish I could turn back time. Blah blah!!
Larry the Pug says "I could have told you that!"
Not feeling good.
I need you pulling for the good guys tonight fella
We can relabel T-shirt Tank Top Muscle-T
Independent voters want their voices to be heard!
The Mets are the baseball version of the Buffalo Bills. Another long losing season!
Peek behind the scenes of Katy Perry's video for her single “The One That Got Away” = Perez Hilton: All Access is on Tonight at 8/7c.
Nate, are you sporting a Windows phone? The Carbon Twitter app is incrediballsac!
No problem!
All this talk about Tebow and its the middle of Basketball season. Is it necessary to say the NFL dominates?
I saw adele at the burger king
was looking for some tweets from KTRU Concert or the Rice Basketball Game
Chase away June gloom with this sunny mix from DJ Claire via Perfect listening for today!
i come in Calvin Klein and dolce.. they come in....tull.
let's go to the beach one day.
ask watts about me?
Yes, I dance in my car. Yes, I see you staring at me. No, I do not care.
sweet thanks for the recommendations sir!
shit. My fake baseball team is in jeopardy .
you already booked a room for tonight lol
What are your weekend plans? It's Happy Hour ALL day at Shorty's in Doral!
#OpeningDay within reach. Going to put it out there early. Will this be my year for a v. world series?
I'm amazed at pastors/elders who "love" their congregations while regarding with contempt other persons of faith. Dangerous disconnect.
good job today. you played great
Mais oui!!! Looking forward to meeting you all and chowing down on some poutine! :-)
Just made it. I'm slipping into a coma as we spea...
Free my favorite word!!!!
Best car ride.. EVER <33333
We'll be back on the air next semester at a new timeslot. Check our Facebook often or follow on Twitter to stay informed!
Tip #186: Do not AROUSE or AWAKEN love until it's proper time. Song of Solomon 2:7, 3:5, 8:4
Love seeing all the bus stops with people in green waiting for
no one even tried to stop me! I was reversing this big truck multiple times! Mild freak out!
"When I get depressed with all the problems of the world I remember that I can only change me and I can make all the difference"
ugh. the freshman next year are gonna be SO ANNOYING.
whispering eye
Use a child theme so your theme doesn't look like 4 badgillion other themes.
Despite the successes I blogged about earlier, this has been a pretty crappy day.
If you like antiques, sure
What tactics are you using Todd?(ps mutual friend alert!): trying to distract me during dodgeball. :)
except that, of course, for that to make sense, I'd have to spell correctly.
i could dumb my bio down, but where's the fun in that? a copywriter's job is to show, not tell.
Thanks for the follow Hope to see you over at shortly. Cheers
LIVE from #camasocialmedia special thx to panelists for presenting new rules of social media. Now for some q & a
3 days till I'm with my little man Skyler James:)<U+2665>. Picture comments&i'll return the favor. Text??
Oh, hey snow. Time to get the 'board ready for the slopes.
tap will greatly appreciate
working on new instructional design business idea - should be ready in January if all goes well - just can't depend on contracting anymore!
Monday Blah has taken hold.
NYPL Monster Film Fest presents The Phantom Of The Opera, a screening of the classic 1929 film Saturday March 3rd at 2pm...
First practice tonight when great!!! It's going to be a great season :-)
zap zap zap zap zap zap zap zap zap
isnt she home schooled??
glycolic acid=speed up cell turnover
Hey , Did you forget again? xD
A wise woman told me it's okay to kno u good
Our Transitional Living Apartments is in need of a new/gently used gas grill if anyone has one? Thank you for all you do!
when are you coming to visit the QC.....i think it's time we meet face to face dont you ????
July sounds great! where are you located?
coming home!
True. Funny how you can get spoiled by MIDI, though... I pulled it out and thought, "How the hell can I sync this up?"
we are excited to be on twitter! we have lots learn from our sister market offices and others!
Leaving the garden state today. Fa la la.
whatever y'all say. I'm still confused.
hay feaver? bromelain supplements & allergy tests & shots OR move to Hawaii like I did.
nope not yet lol
I would argue that Kreayshawn and the rest of "the new underground" of rappers represent the new face of hipsterism
if you need any jokes, let me know. It's my specialty.
Love watching #dwts and seeing all the past contestants in the audience. Can't wait to fall in love with the new cast!
why does pussy smell?
Downtown Cleveland? Come see us at our table, at The Galleria Mall market show until 2pm!
#IdiotOverheardAtABar "I hate Chicago. I used to drive from Ohio through Chicago to Milwaukee." (same as previous idiot.)
I got everyone there by 8:30. It felt like a minor victory. How did yours turn out?
Lots of great session ideas. I want to talk about everything suggested. This will be perfect.
Naw i had to get a new phone i still got the same number tho
The most amazing thing about Portlandia is how many hairstyles Fred Armisen can pull off with so little hair.
Well #Packers… the #Bears got stronger with Marshall. Neal flunks drug test & Wells screws team. We need a DE & OLB or we are out of hunt
Such a great day but I'm so tired.
Come and get it girl!!!
Just read a transcript of the interview I did for the Business of Journalism class at
Everything this nigga says lately... Even back to him talkin shit abt Randy Moss when that was like his mentor.
The wind is terrible I'm about to head home and spend an hr driving with all the people who will get stupid cause it's storming
is it weird that I just realized you are in fact right? Wow.
*wings crossed* ;)
Hahaha! You should have!! :D
Got my room redone! :)
We're hoping to add our "Jammin' in the Summertime" jingle back in for the season... as soon as we get some summer-like weather!
We spent part of our honeymoon in Cappadocia and loved the beautiful cave hotel. The mornings are glorious.
Criminal jury never finds anyone"innocent"of anything,but decide if prosecutor proved each element of offense charged beyond reasonabledoubt
How about Texas Invaders or Parsec? I used to play that on a TI 94B.
Some of the acts on #bgt seem to be a hell of a good way to keep fit. Bloomin difficult though
Health Care Forecast Conference Video courtesy of UC Irvine- Paul Merage School of Business<---Thank you!
Read funny dispatches from the front lines of author field research. Giveaways!
i think it's the same price. $250 and $350
I jumped the turnstile on the metro today because I forgot my pass.
lol make it $20 and we got a deal <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
of course! :)
thanks for understanding glad it worked out ok :)
and just stole the show at SNS with ... And it was the opening match!
yes mam. 130 each on stubhub. Went up to 2bills two years ago in same section.304 row dd avail in front of us
"Life moves pretty fast. If you don't stop and look around every once in while, you could miss it"
Let's go Kings!
yes, same here - keep us posted on yours!
i learned that a couple years ago it was called duct tape! i was so confused!
#SometimesIGetsickof people apologizing for the things they continue to do.
LOL. And the tongue stays still.
WHOOPS. I'll have to update her contact info in my phone.
Big announcement coming soon from Donald Driver.
Just programmed my first key card for 24/7 access!! This will be available for everyone early next week!
I wanna stop cussing..
Just want to say ive been watching you on t.v since I was a kid! Your amazing and beautiful! You ooze awesomeness!
It's about 3200 feet, give or take - a good workout!
Well, obviously i didnt know it was expired til after i drank it and looked at the date
ethnopolitical tensions, colonial legacies, use of state violence instead of building stable political institutions
fuuuck you . hahaha (: you sing and dance for me.
why u lie for zaa it's not nice she pushed me Quentin.lol
Are there enough people in the Sunshine State willing to FIGHT AGAINST these voter suppression tactics? Or are they already gone?
Republican Sen. Dale Schultz tells The Associated Press he won't vote for mining bill, leaving its future in doubt.
soo many chinchillas....
Got my permit today (:
#truthis I'm sleepy.. So why am I still up!?! Been up since 8 am with not a lot of sleep.. Blah
what happened?
It's so trendy and cool to talk about the illuminati now. Fuck yeah!
yeah, I know how that is. My computer bench is a wreck right now.
Thanks for the mention!
well the game was terrible, but i got some people that helped relieve stress :)
WTF?! A Tea Party meeting at the UAW?
The phrase that drives me crazy: "Any ethnicity except caucasian." Sigh...
Okay i add you tonight because I in classe math now ... :)
Hey man! Looks like things are going great since FBS. Do you have any boot camps near Santa Monica? Have a client if so...
Your words can say so much but your actions scream louder
we won't let it go, for nothing
It makes perfect sense to me that God would speak to more than one group of people. why would he only speak to the Jews?
U can't be absolutely sure. Reality is stranger than fiction. Indeed.
ACTUALLY CAN'T BELIEVE YOU JUST TOOK A PHOTO OF A RANDOM GUY I LOVE U X
Who doesn't love ? Watch his new movie ft & more Oct 4 #DanceFu Get ur laugh on!
This weather is crazy.
My morning work out was great getting ready lunch with dads lady friend and then my week end officially begins
dnt forget to charge up ur phone n cameras!
I have never heard of someone winning MVP in April but Holy Fuck Matt Kemp is a mother fucking beast 12 homeruns so far and he's in Colorado
I do. I like the Blue one ;) you?
Screwing in moderation, screwing is such a bore.
Yay! New commercial and Video auditions! I love it!
Indeed. RT : Kudos to the non-violent marchers who are staying calm.
If you sign up to our referral program, you can earn $100 by simply sending a tweet or posting a simple message on your Facebook Wall.
1st reaction using #NewTwitter = fewer tweets per screen, less fluid scrolling, awkward w/core experience shoved to one side
Happy 4th Everyone!
How on earth do you blow a 19 point lead like this?
Innovations require you...to increase variability. Business model innovation is scary because it is the toughest to take on." -Reed Hastings
Happy Halloween!
Really wanted to see 'Friends with Kids' tomorrow night...then I found out Megan Fox was in it...
B -'cut off their power'- WONG is a piece of shit! We are talking about ppl for fuck's sake! Eeeewwww, I'm burning up! ExMyFr
eh, just tired of being at home. Crazy family. I move tomorrow though! :)
that's what's up
Now you can respond to reviews for your business on your Google Places page
Getting excited for #padcampli on Friday! Shaping up to be an awesome unconference!
Totally hooked on Diigo, too. 4400 bookmarks and counting.
Dear little gut, go away ... And P.S. butt, toughen up
I definitely believe he did more damage to himself than not...which is fine. Miscalculate away #Obummer!
what's a fun hangout in the Philippine's?
Whose the DUMB one? YOU or ME
Acoustic show tonight...new york school of music....700....be there or be square and its an open mic so bring ur talents!!
can't wait for a coffee date with on Wednesday! :-)
she's one of my favs to follow!
Each item on the list is a thesis. Together they constitute a list of theses.
Man, I totally thought my old iPhone 3G was dead. Then it RESSURECTED! Jesus phoenix! Can someone draw me Jesus Phoenix?
Tomorrow is the big day! Moving to Arizona!!! I am excited, nervous, really happy, and sad all at the same time.
Speak for yourself. It's quite simple. I just count up to to 6 trillion, 3k times. I might need to clear my calendar.
Drinking Baking Soda for Health | Improving Your Health
Boxwire #BizTip: Your customers are human just like you. Give them a reason to come back and have an out of this world experience!
don't move to florida way over rated.
just worked out how to reply to messages on here. Bahahaha. How is the volcano?????
ha ha he's a gay..
I love you! No ganging up here!
so grateful to the amazing & inspirational crew<3 #TheFinest xo
THANK YOU for your retweets & support!
A good tweet is entertaining and enlightening. That one was enlightening, but I should dance to make it entertaining.
Look for sweet spot on the cost/quality scale: cheap advertising is usually not the best advertising.
Between two evils, choose neither between two goods, choose both.
Ah im so in love <3
Winston Churchill: "If you're not a liberal at 20, you have no heart, and if you're not a conservative at 40, you have no head."
Shout Out to the Chicks that aint "Fresh" right now.. Shoulda brought those Summers Eve Wipes! :)
Why do we not have a two hour delay, and all these other schools do :(
Good luck to and Women's Hoops this evening as they take on Texas Tech at the Big 12 Tournament!
so, yeah, I'd vote for MS
Watching season finally of #OnceUponATime and then the two hour season series finally of #DesperateHousewives and i think i gonna cry
I'm boredaf right now
I feel like I drank a bottle of Felix Felicis this morning.
I just patented oxygen. Pay up, earth.
I'm sensing your asshat neighbors are up to some fuckery again?
thanks so much! And thanks for the welcome! Looking forward to moving in two weeks!
I need to nerf herd some more.
Hello snow!
In nearly 22 years of working at a desk with a computer, I've only spilled a beverage twice, including just now.
haahahahaha omg what are those??
Cinco de Mayo (or as we like to call it "O'Drinko de Mayo") specials: $2 tacos, $2 tap specials, $3 Coronas, $4 tequilas, $5 margaritas.
Any #slpeeps have a preference for formally assessing written language for teenagers between OWLS or TOWL?
Hm... spoke too soon. Square has very serious issues. Now signing up with PayPal while I try to actually speak with someone at Square...
has a picture of James Storm with the Heavyweight Championship & Gail's return
there's no shame in recycling
People come up with the wildest excuses they take you as a threat
I am currently looking at you and meowing.
Under age box sitting!
Let's go Broxton!
Congrats to Ivonne Muro - Road Runner Sports Facebook Shoe Raffle Winner...Ivonne contact
I'm already in St. Paul if you need someone to taste test in this climate...
I want to throw a dinner party where I get to introduce/describe my dishes like they do in the food network
"A life of reaction is a life of slavery, intellectually and spiritually. One must fight for a life of action,not reaction."~Rita Mae Brown~
was the test audience a bunch of German tourists or something? You guys are amazing together! It's hard to believe..
Aww I didn't see ur tweet, I don't have twitter on my phone,looked at friends but u was gone:( y'all were AWESOME! GREAT NITE
what's today's topic?
Yay! You're on the list +1 Brent. Enjoy!
Dollop on Clarendon in Buena Park - such a cool place. Great super chill atmosphere, nice staff. Love it there!
Posting cool #pics this week of trips & places visited in MA. Loving it there...
The guy in front of me at the dry cleaners just paid $160+ for his laundry. I would just rather go shopping & replace it all for that cost!
Well said! RT : A3 Corps adopt new ideas (personal brand) from new talent all the time. Fine blending of the the two
u wanna organize cooperate show for me to perform? Ha ha
Conversation Re: ’s voice not matching our expectations: I’m still on the fence between miracle of internets or just plain creepy.
he fine tho!
LETS GO SPURS!!! <3
Hoping for another productive day. Got zotero working on both computers using the new sync feature from the 1.5 beta version. Dig it!
It's in all seriousness. Thanks for great season. Also...DM'ed you. I can also be reached at -- Ted Curtis
The Job & Internship Fair is underway. Make your way over to Bender Arena.
I'm undaunted in my quest to amuse myself by constantly changing my hair
I never forgot. I'm still having fun.
Our followers in #IN, #OH, #KY & #TN can #text HOOTERS to 90210 for great #specials & #mobile club #discounts from Hooters Restaurants.
Justes tells the worst jokes. Hahah.
RT : On #GreenIT : Sustained Green results are the outcome of an organizational transformation, not products & processes< AMEN
i got Thursday and Friday off work, only work 4 hours on Saturday and i got Sunday off.
#FF one of our fave loves!
Check out with tonight! Doors 7pm, show 8pm. Get here early for Trivia Night in the restaurant too!
fuck her on the LEAN.. THEN I FUCKIN DOZE OFF!!
well I am off to dinner with the parents. Ill be back on later.
UAC/Firewall are OFF. Demos for UG talk used self-hosting WCF, port issues, the usual...no time to figure out the workaround last minute!
Awesome lecture! Stay classy Bobby Bowden!
yes it would! Where and when? I'm at the postal museum
YOU GOT THAT RIGHT BULLYING IS FOR LOSERS
Morning although its 15:31 in UK!:L xx
Chilling at the Caleb Roedel Benefit Show at The Arbor. You should be here. Just bought 's new CD. You should too.
spoken like a true marquette guy
i tried it wont let me something is wrong with my phone
Morning everyone!
i added you :)
haha so what lvl r u on?
Can't wait to get my week started :)
not when you have a baby! 7am is practically is civilized.
Hey , thanks for the Instapaper update. I recognize you as a singularly hardworking developer and family man. Kudos.
Special thanks to for saying "Dreams...besides being the mind's subconscious porthole, is a new East Bay indie supergroup."
it's big old glass of red wine time.
Thank you for following me on tweeter and for add me as your friend! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
aha...where'd you get those bars
Is that the winner of Survivor or what, Guyz?
too many profiles to manage :) ,
just saw this. I need to give my twitter some TLC. just learned how to mention people. lol. Anyhow- must agree with you.
awh shit. Alright, when you start wearing inside shirts, I'll start wearing baggy pants. hahaha
NOTHIN'S FINE IM TORN sorry directioner moment.
I bought some marshmallows for Jameel today. I miss him so badly! Wish this was all only a dream. R.I.P my friend.
My first ride flew by (no pun intended, it's just the truth). 45min felt like 5min. I was that into it.
Sometimes I feel sad and then I remember that I'm a really good singer. I hope people remember that about me when I'm dead
haha well yeah...maybe. I'll have to get back yo you on that. :-} Thanks man.
That is so cute! Your boys are awesome!
Its all about Reckless! We gonna drop three more albums this year. The Black Swan 2 coming soon
Virginia Is For Lovers (Of Beer): The Old Dominion State Is Oktoberfest Central
Is this why you won't respond to my calls, facebooks and IMs??
Watching The Gods Must Be Crazy. Such a good movie.
Thank you for all the #FF! I am so grateful <3 m(_ _)m
GOOD MORNING MY TWEET FAM
Working on new plans. Following a quote from Alan Kay "The best way to predict the future is to invent it."
It is increasingly difficult to process some black folks' opposition to same sex marriage.
Washington DC, Dec 5, 2011 - Delight Me, Inc. will showcase its unique mobile collaborative care app platform at the 2011 mHealth Summit!
I enjoyed your talk at #INTADC on #trademark enforcement online/social media - Good info on UDRP & gTLDs
I'm reading other YA books today. You've got to know your market & what's out there (good & bad). It's all an opp to be better!
'Finding Your Dream Job: The Easy Guide to Your Dream Career' by Marcy Morrison is on sale TODAY! Go to Amazon to purchase!
Trying to get a winter coat for AK into carry on luggage. Tomorrow it's 70's here & 40 there. Makes for interesting packing!
All settled in with my amazing fiancé in our beautiful new apartment. Feels so good to have a home all to ourselves :)
#nowplaying Not Over You by <U+266B> while #amediting. "Damn, damn girl, you do it well..."
Time Be Flyinnn' .
Chicago: tonight spins don't miss it! In my imagination he brings a guitar shreds 6FS style over the beats.
Awe you know what I'd even pick up the tab for the pleasure.....xo
Arg P90x I loathe you and yet...somehow...love you.
I'm so happy that you're doing #Apt23! So perfect for you! #HILARIOUS! Hoping for longevity and gold statues for you guys. : )
Wish my hubby was here to kiss all over him :-)
Wit and humor have already kicked my ass today and I am left with nothing but a blank page, a bruised ego and a headache.
Extremely positive feeling here at Perriello HQ and lots of good feedback from the district-pls make sure everyone u know votes!!
now that I live in WI I feel like its ok to be a packer fan. Tough game tonight for the Vikings huh?
Wow, 's body is UN-FREAKING-REAL. All of the sudden I want some KFC biscuits and honey........(scraped off his abs)
Perfect timing for Scutaros first home run!!!
"RT : Video: Little girl stares down lion - Check out this video of a brave New Zealand girl who stares into the face of a......
Derby party!
forest whitaker being cast as a stroke victim seems really insensitive.
SO CALL ME MAYBEE ~
iDont even know what Imma be doing ..
thats how we roll! :(
Auburn Tigers... Dirty on D or just a tad aggressive? I'd say both. Was indifferent going into this game. Now I hope Ducks kick their asses.
I can only hear Brent Brown singing it at baseball. Haha I'm so glad you remembered that.
Wow, that Marines commercial could've been written by Heinlein.
It's not bragging so much as it's Foursquare for couch potatoes.
Mr.T's class <U+263A>
Nothing like a tux to make a man feel like a Man.
get 10% off anything! just enter code:lesher100, in the rep code box.
About to get my beauty rest me and got lots to do 2mrrw
It's very simple boys. Makeout with me to a simple plan song and I'm all yours.
RT : A3...sign up for free webinars on how to be better networked in the job searching community <<YES>>
My boyfriend can piss me off SO BAD sometimes...<U+E416> But I still love him <U+E328>
Happy surprise to see Peter Bedard at the Cypress Park Comm. Center while waiting for the parade to start. Thanks for cheering us on Peter!
worst doctor ever. I told her I'm clumsy/drunk all the time. What a quack...
Suspect was AWESOME!!!!!!!!
Ya like that eh?
Best day ever!!! Iced tea is only 99 cents at Dunkin Donuts!!! Any size!!
The Chinese invented paper, the compass, gunpowder, and printing.
hahaha that was funny! I think he was singing something from Victorious!
Go to bed early i guess.
Where All My #Lifers At?
#FF and thank you for the follow!
I'm crying and just woke up.... Somebody gone get hurt... Real talk
PUNKERS!!! Happy happy joy joy!!
Brother just sent me a text... Jamie Carroll close to a multi-year deal... with an unknown team... Hm.. Tigers?
Thanks Adrienne! We love you too. Thanks for flying with us here at MKE and for enjoying our sense of humor and fun!
Crazy how this year flew!! RT : Guess what - almost time for your Santa hat! <3
God I hate the bars
FOLLOW ME BACK:) 42
Did you know that before settling on Tiny Tim, Dickens' considered calling the character Small Sam, Little Larry, and Puny Pete?
why is that lol that kitten pic threw me off lol
MT “:"In hockey, you must be able to convince your players to buy into your system..the communication aspect is similar"-Cooper”
Happy Fathers Day! keep your dance shoes on... :)
hot dogs & Georgia Engel.
Those Special K protein bars ain't half bad...
I keep hearing loud thumps down stairs. I think Zombies are trying to Get in. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
Everything should be working now. Let us know if you get any errors.
Is it just me, or do the mirrors look extra sexy today?
how are you supposed to react when someone calls you cool? laugh at them?
Soon to be
Big shot durant!
Yes this is the real Dave Baez, thanks for (+) feedback. So when you day you want my body do u mean u want my work out routine?
um get over yourself, I NEVER said it was their fault, i actually think I said j/j would be sick if they knew about it
In Question #2, Do you think the Urban Centers alternative was selected because most of our population are transplants?
For those of you attending the #ASIL meeting, 3 of our publishers will be in the book hall: Hart Publishing, Intersentia & Eleven Intl.
You're still early in season one? It's really not about the blond guy and the blond girl trying to get together.
Rivers Monroe will be doing a contest soon to win some VERY COOL STUFF. Stay tuned. -RM
back in the office sorting through all of the unread email
(: Your the best !
Who let Johnny Depp have a guitar??
next year we're gettin tshirts made
NO. Chuck Norris is an ass. Let's NOT be like Chuck Norris... We are way better than Chuck Norris
so, baxter and botox! How bout Ana(lig) and Digi (tal)? Court and Spark?
I am on the brink of something great.or so I've heard
ba bump chuh
This year our faith will be tested like never before"
Every cough is a sign that im not gettin better
On point today
Currently making editorial changes to a publication in a language I don't know. Plus the new words were hand-written… in a hurry. Not easy.
A cold, rainy Sunday. Perfect for reading and football. Go PATS!!
S/O to all my CSU Vikings...now headed bck 2 da East
lol that's my sisters birthday too
#welp RT": Raven-Symone came out as a lesbian? Cool. Maybe she'll come out as irrelevant next."
happy to call attention to an important issue and hopefully offer some historical perspective in a nutshell! Thx for tweeting.
Looking out the window of the "Radio Ranch" office, a nice fluffly snow comin down..Proud of the TEAM 4 a great start to a new year.
I thought so, too! :)
Welcome aboard! RT : officially sent in my BU deposit!
is having trouble finding her smile today...
I'll take Gemologist, Bode, Alpha, Take Charge Indy
“: I put it already a while ago”
we went all out for you dudes for tonight. Old Crow and a case of Boxer. You're welcome!
I generally don't like to go where I've never been, but all of that changes today.
It hurts so much to breathe and all that, like the pain you have to shut your eyes for cause it hurts so much
The chamber paid the charge card bill; not Davis directly.
Are we looking for 70° this weekend.. what!!!!! :D
One Direction - The Brooke, Your still shit tho.
Dine around the Market today from 11-1pm with Klay Oven Kitchen's Chef Hiran Patel! Cooking demos and samplings you don’t want to miss.
Everything always makes sense until someone has a point.
Mom 1: "My son was addicted to alcohol and sex" Mom 2: "My daughter was addicted to drugs" My mom: "My daughter? She loves Bieber too much!
BUT FOR NOW, goodnight (:
okay pues haven't gotten anything yet? :P
I. Have. Issues. O.o
So im hearing that Selena Gomez and Justin Bieber broke up?! Oh my goodness! My baby might be single! Lol.
All this beautiful weather is making me crave some peanuts and Cracker Jack. Hurry up April 6th!
Shout out to for GIVING this game to the Knicks
What a beautiful day can't wait for
I've been neglecting social media lately...oops
After a few days of site building, got down to some good 'ole #Drupal theming today, CSS3, Responsive Design, PIE, oh my!
WHATS UP TWITCHES?!
I'll be going to to get something to eat on dinner break. How many Coney Dogs should I get?
We have a gluten-free menu. Choose from a variety of delicious items today!
2 many signs that parents and children don't recognize. join me at #teend8tingchat this Sat at 10 am topic: pink flags
Any of our great bars in the area have Hopslam on tap or bottle? I'm giving up on these distributors
We had a great day at our grand opening! Thanks to all who came by we enjoyed meeting you!
In Time was a really good movie
How simple is this: two letters, two numbers and you have yourself a free Carne Adovada sandwich. Just mention promo code: CA10
Got a sneak peek at my Mother's Day gift..... I hope it works out!!!!!!
For sure. Where are you guys right now? Last time we talked you were in NY.
- thanks for the props!
Tweeting live from internet week in NYC. Tech at it's finest. So happy to be here. Just talked to a guy that helped developed twitter.
Money won't buy champs heart and team work dose congrats to all mavs players and fans now mark Jackson get to work and let's try to make it
Join me Baby J & Live from Cattleman's Square Tejano Explosion 2012! Tonight it's Michael Salgado & Marcos Orozco! W Houston & N Frio!
could the niners be in the market for Braylon if the Nhamdi deal fell through
That guy knows what he's talking about. Come on out.
RT : Thanks for the love, ! happy to be part of it!
What doesn't kill you makes you a fighter.
watching tv u?
are you sure it's 100% safe to update? Ended up downgrading it to 2.3 -.-
Just went to the water cooler and got all hot water instead of a mix of hot and cold.
At the dshow - this swanky place is full of chic creatives. is nominated!
At social media seminar talk
#ChuckNorris IQ can be expressed simply as a sideways eight.
Walking to the corner store while dressed as Don Draper. Does this qualify as larping?
The Twins have a lead?! Might as well mark this one down as a win right now...
sure ;p
Ok bye ..lunch,,xx c u later:)
DWIGHT IS MY FAVVVE. I always thought DS was everybody's fave. If not Dwight, then who?
Cheers to you, window creeper.
I think I Hurt her feelings today.......
Hi Ms. Woods!!
Each year in America there are about 300,000 deaths that can be attributed to obesity
RT : Think of a positive number. Double it. Add 6. Half it. Take away the number you started with. Your answer is 3.
Blake needs to be able to score one on one there
I don't mean as replacement for grading, but some students don't like the wait for feedback of any kind
Go I finally have a reason to watch nascar!
- damn you.
Grilling out! Fruity drink in hand! Babe of the grill right here;)
I just remembered how I never want to leave this place.
Dont be fake. Cause that shit catches up with you. Be real and 100% at all times only coward's have to be fake
Maybe this is a sign..
CONT when you're injured it's fun to get on with them and just have fun
Just overheard: " I tried to take you to a nice place and you fart on the comforter"
Diversity is not just for portfolios any more…Our Virtual Cycling DVDs are designed for groups, but work great for individuals as well.
follow me?! :D
Why do people make random statements of affection on Twitter W/O using someones name? Isn't that like talking to urself?
Please see my answer on to: My girlfriend has been separated from her husband almost 7 yrs. He doesn't love her...
I'm making it a point to get to the theater more this year. Will probably make the most trips since before my 1st was born.
anything on the sked for ATL?
I'm on twitter! Woo hoo!
both but i can be in cliftown whenever since we still have our place until july, after this weekend when are you thinkin?
I leave town and you turn into a Sioux Falls bar hopper?
how did things go with your geotrellis trial?
Let's go Dukes!!!
got asked on fb if my wedding dress was to be made of burlap. It was a joke but made me think of #pr2011 lol
Tell all of your beautiful friends to follow us as well!!!
The waiting is almost over!
Waking up after Little 5 an realizing I have my keys, wallet, AND phone!
I'm just sorry you had to try and find questions amongst the spam. And that I missed the question deadline, obviously. ;)
Come on Minnesota!! It is not that difficult to merge and go the speed limit
I see "Holes" on there, so I already know I'll love it. Buying now. :-) Thanks for the recommendation (and the reply!)
enjoying wine is like making love...the more senses you get involved the better it is.
Winning today. In such a good mood!
College YES is giving students up to 5 yrs of training, support thanks to i3 grant per
Good tip RT Uh-oh ... RT : Only 1 out of every 5 social media items should be about yourself.
I hate bitches that where make up I like mine natural That make up fuccing talks face up that's y you gotta put more and more on every time
"We must use time as a tool, not as a couch," - John F. Kennedy.
you divorced me a long time ago. Remember!?
Missed my biff thank you for helping me out tonight!! Really missed our times together!! I lovee youu!
One less lonely girl is Austins favorite song to sing. RT if you want him to sing it to you.
at Keys with
this movie called The Quiet on Lifetime is really good lol
nodding my head like i actually give a fuck about what you're saying.
Dude volunteers to go back to war for 1 more year instead of staying w/ his smoking hot wife (Christina Hendricks) & baby? Dumbass!
while its 2pm where you live, here in Florida, its 12:37!! :D lol!
Congratulations to for winning our #giveawayaday contest! Thanks to everyone who RT'd!
is this a joke? #southwest security line is disgraceful.
At least im staying home today <3
Merritt Island you were great! Thank you for the support over the past few years.
They missed out big this time!
Not sure why I'm not wearing pants.
DID YOU KNOW!? "The average human falls asleep in about 12 to 14 minutes." falls asleep in about 2. YOU'RE WELCOME!!
I love your icon
no it means IT'S MY BIRTHDAY!!
cool Kevin, congrats. next?
#Google+ piques my interest.
Now undrstand the chop't vs. sweetgreen debate. I choose sweetgreen.
Go RT : Yeah Pacers... YEAH! Put it on these bammas!
You all are fucking beautiful! We can't wait to play some crazy shows for you all soon!
Correction: unpitted fruit - fruit w. pits! Peaches, nectarines, apricots...
Got the NEW timeline ! What do you think about my cover photo ?
and Anna Maria Perez de Tagle spoke to ClevverTV at the grand opening of Pink's Hot Dogs at Knott's Berry Farm this
: The awkward moment when you walk into a class and everybody looks at you like the never seen you before.
difference is important
Playing sony making money a
gonna bring my mom some flowers and #thengotellmydadhappymothersday lol.
same here long as I'm breathing am good
I wish LeBron was the commissioner so we could have "The Cancellation" broadcast on ESPN.
If you're participating in any May Day activities today, remember that the #publiclibrary is free and open to everyone. #Occupy it.
Wow I just drooled on my hand....
yes he did!
Just finished meeting with potential new web designer! So excited to see what she has in store for us!
At Times I Do Worry About Being Hurt, But Im Willing To Take Risks. If It Doesn't Go Well, That's Just Another Lesson Learned.
There for sure! ha
My toms didn't come yet <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
it's ok Colin. The rest of Arizona isnt very cool so maybe that's what u were thinking! Haha
i have to see my baby :( i misssssh him.
Yay! Brought out the '69 at Quaker Steak.
I'm planning a couple of jazz night in the spring and summer month in Santa Monica CA and would like to speak to a booking agent
TY for reply! Well, I figured 1 of u could fwd feedback, as u prob have more influence than me. ;-)
aghhh when is jersey going on auction!?!?!?!?
Workin a double again today.. Wah! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
Ok, thanks Presley. I wasn't sure the correct "protocol" Thank you!! #Frustrated lol
can I have some
this is the perfect time
If an active fb user is seeing someone who refuses to participate in social media, is the relationship still part of the social graph?
Thank you! Hopefully it will be enough for potential PhD programs; do not want to take it again
RT : British Intelligence tried to feed Hitler doses of estrogen in order to make his moustache fall off.
was flipping through Netflix earlier and saw the movie Antz... Thought of u immediately
Oh okay, I haven't seen u around all weekend. That makes me sad :(
u bet!
and Johnny suck at pool. -__- Longest game ever.
"Exogenesis: Symphony Part 3 (Redemption)" - Muse. Can't get much cooler than that.
if you're a normal girl who doesn't need makeup to look pretty then #ohjustlikeme i'm normal. idc i roll like that (;
You shouldn't #bully anyone because you NEVER know what goes on at home.
hey i havent tlked toyou for a long time
Hey, man...glad we got a chance to chill today. Hope you enjoyed the food. Hit me up sometime and we can talk MMA.
in need of some food right now
CHERYL, FOLLOW THE BEAUTIFUL BARBI'S & STELLAR KEN WAHL....THEY R AMAZING & R TIRELESS ANIMAL ACTIVISTS
Prepping for tomorrow's #HIST479 class. Blogging, Tweeting, and What's so new about New Media? discussion!
I want cereal but got no milk
Glad to be of service Kyle ;)
um excuse me, im not a whore? and dont put a winky face...
#BREAKINGNEWS: Portland Fire say another white powder envelope has been found at the Marquam Plaza Medical Building. 6th total scare.
Getting ready for The Impact of Social Media in Healthcare w/ ! Follow #smwhc + blog recap to come.
Try sticking your hand 6" in front of your face, stare at every detail prob' for 5min while forgetting you had
Rio mambo was delish but the staff was rude and our server didn't give us the correct change back. <U+E059>
I just realize that I miss chiquis and raq show!!!!! No way but oh well I just wait and see the reruns ...=)
I feel like I put in way too many hours at work today, time to eat and get lazy
I called to request a song and then they asked me a question haha
You can lead a jackass to water but you cant make it drink..... That old saying is beyond real.
Great to meet you too!!! I hope we cross paths again! Hope you're feeling better today...
": The difference between rich people and poor people is rich people make rich decisions and poor people make poor decisions"
lot of hot air in politics, so why add to it for such an important thing, ya know? People will pay attention when you fail.
Want to write for us? Send writing samples and a little about yourself to submissions [at] twentysomthingindy [dot] com.
I tear up during every single undercover boss episode.
nothing beats my walk to work
TONIGHT! Ariel Levy in McGuinn 121 7:00 pm. Female Chauvinist Pigs-- are you one? Do you know one? What the heck is it? Come tonight to see!
RT : Jesus and Brett Favre have one thing in common. They're both comin' back... we just don't know when!
I agree! It looks too real!
Previous Accomplishments: Lasers
u still have recues?
the new video is cool! I love the tune too!
average around $700/person
Why would you want to follow me? I don't tweet anything!
Umm so I guess I'm a bitch now? Too bad I don't care about your opinion of me
I never meant to be so cold.
Draw play to Quizz gains about 5 yards, but illegal block below the waist negates the run. OSU now at 2nd and 25.
Roger Daltry? That's kind of funny.
; I would just go to the jam to see his fine as (;
Damn.......another female mad because she can't keep her dog on his leash. Funny he owes her respect not u.
Come on lakers
I'M HAVIN A GREAT DAY!!! COCKTAIL DINNER PARTY TOMORROW AT THE WATER CLUB!!! :-)
let's see the pictures!
If you're just now coming back to ESPN and Sports Center after 10 years, yes, Linda Cohn is still here. Why, we don't know. She's a Lifer.
OMG YOUR GETTING MARRIED!!!!!!! CONGRATS!!!!!!!!! What does he do!?!
I don't even get a try later. I just get run straight into Find my iPhone, which has a link to iCloud find my iPhone.
On my way to #oobbq with bougie cupcake goodness from
2-1 games continue to pile-up for the #SFGiants - last night's 2-1 L was the 19th game by that score (10 of them losses).
Not a good look, lol.RT : Why am I explaining basketball to a guy something is wrong with this pic
it will! i'll have my good camera and i'll be at my moms so i can be on longer :)
. Awesome let's talk about the tagging bc that is part of the video demo at event! Have u signed up at dccodeathon.eventbrite.com ?
Let me know what you think when you're finished.
Safe travels!
NP! Also, use tech to Supplement, Not Supplant teachers' lessons. Tech is a tool, Tech isn't the goal.
Tommorow is like christmas for fat people :D
You have a great You Tube channel, Sofia! What can we expect from you next?
Oh, my go to developer! Love it so much.
this morning was lovely :D i love the dynamic drummond sisters!
So true. Another one of those legends who can't coach.
i really harass her family when PGH wins. She wants to be a Pirates fan because i am. She doesnt get it.
Frantically looking for a place to get rid of 1000 + lbs of spent grain...regular person + backup couldn't pick it up! Need to find a farmer
S/O to all my new followers
Innovative ideas for developement, the sky is the limit from a bottomless pit, doing good and making money go together
Record 90 plus minutes. Sweeten audio on edit day one. Edit down to about 60 minutes on edit day two. Post.
hey u can you bring a black leotard and your costume tomorrow please to see what it looks like underneath please? thank you :)
My Mother Is My Strength My Weakness And I Love her So Much ;-)
my mom made an eye doctor appointment this week...
Changing people's lives!
San Antonio CD mfg & dupes, for 20 years. FREE delivery to Austin. We courier to your door in our vehicles. Hit us! You'll LOVE our prices!
Bracket is 3 for 4 so far. Go Gaels!
Being this bored in geom. <<<<<<< watching paint dry
Woman are predicteble #truth. Sorry ladies lol
A day in Boulder = working at SCRiB Coworking Boulder
You shut your mouth when your talking to me!
Crowd looking for a strike out
ugh, po business mailing dept. I'm so sorry for you. been there done that!
There doesn't need to be laughing every joke, we understand it's a joke no need to reinforce.
Anthony, thanks for following me
I can't believe it took me over 6 months to realize I forgot to renew my subscription to Interactions
I'm actually not at #astd12 either. I was booked for two other conferences before I could sign up :( Maybe next year.
If you marry into a family with 4 sisters, Holliday family gatherings mean an abundance of food :).
Thanks Dave... Yeah... More mantle space needed! Haha. That's a good problem!
#skintip for being bare down there: gently exfoliate the bikini area in between waxing to keep the skin soft & to prevent unsightly bumps :)
Why does she gotta keep saying "As friends" when we discuss my prom date. Like, obviously as friends, we just started talking 3 days ago!!!
I'm really okay with being single on V-Day...I've got a hot date with ! :D
it is R.I.P. for the ppl i lost
He spend, you owe, that's what mommy taught her All ball is played, won't starve today Song after song I write so I get paid
npp :) && im good just eating skittles you?
Doing well. Staying busy, just missing #breakoutkings. Need more episodes. I told you it was going to end wild.
oh its ok we'll screw that person if anyone dares to do that.
Great interview in Charisma last week! I enjoyed it.
Cant wait til James Harrison knocks Tebows lights out
Me: I got a dude. Him: not trying to pull you just know you. #Whosaysthat? lmao and believes that. haha Wish you could see what else he said
that's weird because we have already had people message us on our "like" page
He's a master of karate and friendship for everyone
A good friend knows all your best stories. A best friend has lived them with you.
i feel like a horrible gf now because i took a nap instead of talking to my bf 8(
Great to see you and thanks for lunch today! Glad we ran into Ross and looped him in on our talk.
i wonder if my neighbors will complain about me singing at the top of my lungs to the gotye song on repeat. WHO CARES i'm leaving soon
practically heaven right there
saw your tweet about need to experiment in this 'media life' - can i ask: what means #medialife to you? thx!
I'm the voice of the people. Sorry, people.
In other news #Obama is in town for that commencement speech at Columbia University. #Traffic is already a nightmare
hehe and Ben needs better taste because Brad Pitt isn't even that cute XD
You are working on a Saturday?
If an organization sends you scholarship info for graphic design students typed up in Comic Sans, what should you do?
I'm embarrassed it has taken me so long to try this place out. Just ordered, beer flight on its way. So far so fantastic
Another Thing That Gets Me Is When A Teacher Enforces The Rules.Theres Always That Kid Who Question It.Like You Signed The Rules&Regulations
Want some fun in the kitchen? Fill a frying pan with popcorn, put it on the burner without a lid, and wait for the fun.
219626~ I love how your past few tweets are fake Ariana facts. Haha im dying lol
Disney has the best casting, if he doesn't like an actor he just tears him up ~ Alfred Hitchcock
jus said it in my head too!!!
Another lovely, sunny day. Try the Greek sandwich with a cup of Swiss Chard, Barley & Cannellini Bean soup and a Iced Blueberry Rooibos tea
Cannibalism movies
thanks I'll look them up
You can trace your delayed baggage with WorldTracer but was does it help if it says that they cannot locate my baggage now
I was stuffing my face with the one time I make it on there good grief
Now what did you do my man?
Nightmare last-minute request: "Can we add video to that?" #whyisvideostillsohard?
Oh snap. Raw is starting off bananas tonight! Lesnar/Cena!
"Where else can you, in the middle of the night, find people who are encouraging? The internet allows me to pick the best fruits"...
Everyone, even family calls me Sammy or Sam. Thank god.
I have something to confess to someone I like... but I KNOW that if I do, I will be made fun of. I'll try tomorrow. Whaaalee goodnight.<3
In less than a week it's goodbye DC and hello Vegas #NABEFCareerFair - jobs, jobs, jobs in broadcasting...be there!
Hey Follow Me everyone!!! :) (i can sing really good so if you know people, help me be famous!)
Can You Please Follow Me :)
One more day in the field before Christmas vacation. Lookin farword to it.
Delivering DMV $7 voucher to a homeless woman today who needs ID and then working on Texas certified birth certificate. Best Wishes to All.
I just bought Scott tickets to a game in April :)
Updated to newest version of WP about a month or so ago. That had fixed some wonky visuals in the dashboard
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much! Will you please follow me back???! <3 :) 60
Yippee! : The move to Boston is official. I'm starting a MPH program at the #Harvard School of Public Health this June!
Ya know, sometimes the Cubs look like a halfway decent baseball team.
The Steelers getting their penises torn off and handed back to them on a silver platter? I hope so.
yea yur right that's why yuh should juss try getting over him nd juss have fun living tha single life, dnt let him stop yuh
Everyone needs a in their life. The world would be a much happier place. :)
I feel like Southland Tales and The Happening both got a bad rap due to the "bandwagon effect".
When I see someone wearing something cute, I tell them. I always love to compliment someone!
With ‘s Riverwest Stein and on the tap beer special for tonight, can you afford not to be thirsty?
Hey the Hawks are in the playoffs.
Designing A Professional 10 page web site. For personal or business use. To help better my education, I am designing websites
Aaron needs to work out.... But he really can't in this weather :/
false. Ill take ya on
did you know? All of the clocks in the movie Pulp Fiction are stuck on 4:20.
I like you.
“: Sorry - the creator of #unfollowNBA was (sorry for the typo)” I just did y part
explain this please, I'm intrigued
Grant Me The Serenity 2 Kno...
...Happy Thanksgiving and thanks for giving!!!
Thanks so much to all of our hilarious guests and everyone who came out last night! Awesome crowd & fantastic inaugural !
just messaged you my email ;)
if you ever wanna know about something you can just ask me or haha.
Just landed a pretty sick freelance opp!
Are we asking the right questions? And, do we have a process to make the connections needed to understand what works?
So I'm supposed to babysit tonight, and my family is like 'best time to go out for dinner!' Uhmmmm
OH, otherwise i hope ur enjoying the conference!
thanks Kevin. I would be delighted to do so. We care a lot about community colleges!
Well enough that I don't think it's worth diving back at it. It's not a very broad topic.
oh no! That stinks!
has a makeup blog specifically geared towards dance makeup! How cool is that!?
foreals and worst of all is that her mom has cancer and she goes and does that.
Getting my daily dose of
Creativity is thinking up new things. Innovation is doing new things. Love this!
yeah! we'd love to!
ur so predictable
I like it...solid PPR and I like Brown over Scott given Pats weakness against the pass
I AM CRYING OHMYGOD HE REPLIED TO ME. <><
yes good job for chloe
gotta get you back up to Boston again soon!
Bought a bunch of shit Today what's new we got a Dyson!It was like $400 bucks,NICE!Eating milliondollar pie.
Boy: Suck my dick. Girl: Could you be more romantic? Boy: Okay, suck my dick in the rain.
seriously. Crazy world we live in.
Everything Lidia Radio Show tonite live on 1240 AM WGBB or on the web @ am1240wgbb.com Safe Holiday Shopping
#Ben&Jerry's has a red velvet cake #icecream - yum!
happy mothers day :)
Sorry to hear that.. Well, I'm here if you need to talk about anything.
The # of Americans w/ #celiac would fill 936 cruise ships yet passengers on 908 of the ships wouldn't know it!
You'll like it. Its more newsworthy, less FB drama. Follow all your WWE friends :) Love you.
hit 'em with the Slam Bam Thank ya Ma'am
Im just telling you the basics, of growing up with ya friends and being the one that made it....
Bachmann said she listened to the people of Iowa. 94% said go home. I love that cnn.com cut her announcement off midway
Please do! More like PayEnemy.
Shoutout to all of our followers & members of BASE Camp! #weloveyouall :)
it sucks
i did see that. they're a dime a dozen
So a horse named "I'll Have Another" won the 138th Kentucky Derby... on Cinco de Mayo. Well, that's just ... AWESOME!
I wish Frank McCourt and his goofy face would just go away.
please mo mo who am I gonna share popcorn with now
Mostly, yes. I will give a pass tho.
I wanna see!
yeah, we almost couldnt fit everything in the truck and trailer when we moved to Illinois.
the 2013 what, did what? damn
Good morning beautiful!
One of my biggest dreams ever is that the wrld could be a better place!:)
im kidding. LMAO be good to the kids. we'll starve until your lecture. LMAO
ha ha ha no shit isn't that the truth. Good luck with the business partner
Had the most meaningful Thanksgiving holiday w family, close friends in Mom's memory...very much missed.
love you guys(: big fan!!(; rooting that you guys go to the warped tour!!!!!
she is just too cute
yes! You do make me smile daily!!!
hey! some1 talk to me! :)
“: gr8 hanging with u today brotha! That pizza is OMG!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>” OMGOMGOMGOMG<3
what magazine is that?
Wish I had this guide earlier, would have saved a LOT of money in wasted gigs, that's for sure......
Take his mind off raising taxes briefly RT : 's Celtic rock band joins the line-up of Star-Spangled Symphony
How does shit get inside the arcade room? There is literally shit on the floor
Only 4 away from meeting my goal being one of the "elite".
I am on a couch I wish I could stay on.
dollars are easy to come by. Days are precious. Make the most of tomorrow. Love
No sleep last night, grinding it out #whenwillitend #poker #CantBeatLuck #HEADSUPFORROLLZ #
The preview for his new movie makes me cringe. I've liked a few of his movies, but he's gone downhill.
way too tired...I'm in MD, not DC...I would def love to, just physically incapable. Where's 's portal gun???
i have a new phone and number
CB Claiborne at camp, won't practice
Praying for all our students! Keep pressing you are almost through to the promise land of summer vacation!
Hello, eagle pass :)
Is amazing and should follow me! (:
He so supportive!!! Face Wash... Splash!! ;)
man I do what I want.
Imma start over...
- Victoria's Secret Pirate stuff?
I'm so hungry my stomach is touching my back.
Have your subject sit on a stool and then take some shots. Shoot above and below, behind and in front & don't take any guff!
#JFNAGA "good to see that Florida is in the house!" is here!
resting! reading! all over the place!
Come to Houston on the next tour after Warped please? :D
Shorts and flip flops on. Coffee in hand. WWOZ on. Oh NOLA, I missed you.
Decided I'm happily single .
The reception starts shortly. Be one of the first 100 to stop by our booth (504) between 3 and 5 to get a free beer.
World Bank: unemployment 3x more important than other factors in pushing youth to turn to armed organizations.
She wider than all outside
Interested in becoming a My Life Check Champion? We’re holding two trainings. Contact us at to find out more!
we uplift each other!! (HUGE HUG) <U+2764><U+2764><U+2764>
well when you become an NFL star don't forget about me... I want skybox tickets lol
tequila bar in mexico, interested?
Sept. 8 RocknRoll Fundraiser with Deke Dickerson-headliner for Kid Rock, Fitz Green opens! www.facebook.com/grandhavenartwalk
i need to start tweeting more
Stop! Don't make fun of me! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
Wiz back...this #taylorallderdice is sick
it's my day off, of course i'm riding around blaring dubstep and hanging out with
When my mom talks to my dogs, its kinda weird…
Very fun party!!
"It's time for a cocktail. Hold my calls." -- in the dream sequence in my mind I might also be wearing a feather boa when I say that.
lol! That is awesome.
and I will be setting OFF tonight! WE BOTH PERFORMANCES! Spinnin #LEGO =) This should be FUN! =)
Collaboration done well is more than just assembling people! Tune in today to find out, from John Canfield, how to do it right!
So nice to meet you yesterday! Thanks for your kind words - let's get coffee soon! :)
Chillin at this fagget ass school with theses fagget ass teachers n gay ass students
Nothin like havin to walk to school on a friday morning cause you left your car there...
If you missed our Arroz con Pollo last week...no worries! We have it today! Served with black beans and plantains. Happy Friday Friends!
Happy May Day! We hope you bring your cheer to the Interaction Forum and come play Jeopardy to win chocolate at our booth!
I'll put it on my minivan next to my Jesus fish.
I understand that
I love that has been calling the #WHCD #nerdprom!! Too funny!
Enough daylight to get in a little #SLAMR training. :) Who's ready to run? Will the weathr be this awesome Sunday?
Dear , thank you for being my Dear Abby this week! You are #AWESOME :)
it was the best day ever!!
<U+266C> Happy Birthday Jerry DeMartini of the Zac Brown Band Have a fantastic Day Jerry <U+266C>
Interviews for work-study in NYC begin in London today at the IoD. Looking forward to meeting the applicants!
you like those bassists? We definitely need to schedule a jam session
Every so often, I think about changing the horn in my car to the red alert sound from Star Trek.
it's ok, I'm gonna go to sleep though. Call me tomorrow, I love you:)
Hey! We prefer the term "Homeless Bozos"!
what's s/t. new to twitter...hope this is DM.
Excited for this! Is there a discount code that can be used at Rosequarter.com?
Marina. 2nd grade. told me she liked my nigga Dejon so i called her a shedevil and a jezebel RT : What black bitch hurt y'all?
needs to learn vietnamese so when she goes to a new salon she won't explain to the WHOLE staff how she wants her nails done!
this chick: jsanders is the next psanders. me: (in my head) STFU>FO. no one will ever be as amazing as .
Gone but Never Ever forgotten.. R.I.H. <U+2665><U+2665><U+2665>
Wassup frat. I'm a young actor in Chicago any tips?
get your butt to MKE and I'd be happy to!
beer o'clock
I thought we were getting married?!?!
Thanks very much, Jim.
ahh... Mind games. I gets it lol
check us out on facebook and get the links to all of our inside stories.
Not sure on the details of how to unlock the "NASA Explorer" badge on #foursquare but there are 3 spots in NE on NASA's foursquare page
smoking up that reefuh.
Thank You<U+2665>!!
was up?? i hope we can network sometime stay safe!!!!
so i spent most morning watching abdc and now im watching the national dance team championship, lets just say its a dance weekend
#IfTheWorldEndsonSaturday how are we suppose to watch guess star on Good Luck Charlie that will be airing PROBABLY next week.
Currently working on putting the Tiger Lily proposal together. Hang tight and we will tell you more in a couple of weeks.
Wow! Confirms why I don't play. I never could have done that!
ahem.... tweet.
mexican feasta today yah!! can wait till all the mexicans in school UNITE (:
RT : Hey folks. A new line of storms is forming in west TX and moving towards Oklahoma. Hang on. One more round to go!
The old site is back for me. And I'm okay with that. It feels more structured and I like the colors.
So tired of the "who else are you going to vote for?" from the White House. That's domestic abuse logic.
FUNNY STUFF!
he's HOTT!!
Shit yeah!! RT : Also, this time next week, I'll be drinking mimosas with :)!!!!!!!
playin' Friday at Exit/In!!! playing before Deep Fried Five and Heavy Pets
There is not a particle of life which does not bear poetry within it ~ Gustave Flaubert
RT : Hubby is screaming at the computer. I take it Sheffield Utd are losing.
love this! let's start a #healthyFF hashtag
love you too ;)
ah LOVE!
She said that she's in to me but she don't think ill make it in the music industry so that's a turn off pahahahaha
Yup oh RT : J Cole corny
I don't leave much room in my future for people who have left me in their past
#Hamilton would have past bonds, if he wldn't have missed those years. Hopefully he can continue until he retires.
'Ha, who took a good punch in the face from Ned, was screaming, “I’ll sue! I’ll sue!”
Krull's West, shadows of the stadium.
From what I read Google and others probably only read so many bytes into your page. (cont...)
something about your kingdom awaiting and people forgiving your mistakes #dontknowthelyrics #oops :))
Free show @ The Drum School in Georgetown sat. march 12, 6p 9yr old playing miles davis and some of seattles finest support youth music.
Off to the Schwarzwald for a week. The internet will be spotty, but with any luck, the muse won't be :)
Lol why do I always take my breaks at #420 #pothead lol
You too! And a wonderful weekend as well! Cheers!
CONGRATULATIONS ON YOUR FACE BABE
And after last night ...I'm more than prepared to have this conversation with myself
No stencil Shawdy
I support my hometown teams regardless. I'm a Fan, not a bandwagon jumper.
I love it when it rains outside.
Another great night at Jazz and Jokes open mic. Artist and crowd were great.
Well if it didn't come out the butt, I wouldn't be licking it.
Catching fireflies!
Short men make me gag.
Yes, I know Parenthood is on!
Labeling yourself often results in people finding new ways to misunderstand you.
I fucking hate abercrombie. I'm gonna need new nostrils and eardrums
#yrlrc historic maps of california and los angeles
Nothing so conclusively proves a man's ability to lead others as what he does from day to day to lead himself. -
RT : Seau had structure and family but depression comes in so many forms incl from multiple concussions.
I would it doesn't show that you follow me though
dude when I'm up and running full force I'll hit you guys up.
I can't stand when guys have little fucking pissy mood swings... All the time! Chill with all that. Be pissed on your own time.
Seeing all of my old friends these past few nights has really made me realize how fast time is flying by..
My grandmas getting surgery tomorrow. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094> I hope everything comes out good. <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
RT - Jacksonville at Buffalo Saturday night is a pick-em game. The Jaguars must be bad.ptNz
cena bout to retaliate
At Woodlawn Park in NE waiting for Occupy protesters to announce which foreclosed home they will "reclaim" today
roommate laughs and a bottle of decoy
I got patience. No need to lose my mind wit stress and anticipation. Time will be mine shortly and all loose ends will be takin care of.
are you ever going to make "Pretty" available on iTunes?!
If your having a bad day, it's because you chose to have a bad day. Happiness is a choice.
Zero motivation to run, forced to do a 5k, busted out a PR
Sorry Hun, but unlike you Im not the doorknob, where everyone gets a turn. Im more of a casino, where only the lucky ones, hit the Jackpot.
#InstantFollowBack #TeamFollowBack I FOLLOW BACK IMMEDIATELY!
Selling the last of my tickets for the 2012 Spring Fling Festival going down at the Sea Port Marina Hotel in Long Beach ! HMU, (562)205-5349
Did you miss our free webinar?, not to worry another session will be given April 5 stay tuned for more info
what up homie :-)
LOL RT Fielder was running so hard it set off the seismograph at the University of Michigan.
downside of Penn relays: no available hotel rooms in all of Philly
Looking forward to cheering Panthers on over Quakers at Palestra tonight while simultaneously following the Brawl via phone
Friedrich Kittler died yesterday: Gramophones, Film, and Typewriters will never be the same.
bucket of gold
Follow Luke Babbitt now, do it. RT : Just got my new whip: smart car, murdered out. Watch me park sideways bitch
"Marley" is good, but his transcendent music speaks best for him. One wanted more of it in this lengthy film, with yet touching moments.
If someone could cheer me up it would be much appreciated
That's because you're not into middle-aged spread yet. Try Cold Stone "sinless sans fat" ("why bother")
Thank you for the follow.
Just read LeBron's needlessly self-pitying comments in response to Perk & Bird. And then caught this classic trending:
That dern Jet Blue pilot. I don't know what I'd really do but if he screamed "Say your prayers!" he'd be goin' nightnight somekindaway.
According to the latest , the Wisconsin governor recall race is in a dead heat.
Attending One School's Use of Reflective Teaching to Understand CCSS at #nctm12 hoping to learn some good strategies for implementation
Chinese food for breakfast
i can rationalize almost anything - very sensible girl am i! :)
And it's sold legally in most states. Wtf. This country is retarded. #freetheweed!
Woke up so late today <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
I heart multiple tweets! LOL
our boy Ruben hooked us up with some grub, checking out some rad bands.. lets get weird!
RT : We sent out a special promotion for a Tagwhat channel after #msconf. If u havent received it, tweet us!
WOW! 8pm and I'm falling asleep. Must be all the overtime I worked this week catching up.
The first step of directed masturbation involves having the woman visually examine her nude body with the help of a mirror and ...
Thanks, I think???
RT : US public libraries circulate as much every day as FedEx ships worldwide.That's $82 mil of value every day from lib materials.
or you could just keep ignoring me
pretty great weekend
what school?
I am too.Think Happy is a great person!
Social Media for Big Businesses (via IMU)
Giants are going to the Superbowl baby!!
you re-tweeted my article?
Joel Pett has a filthy mouth! I've heard nipple & the p-word on KSR today.
cute kids at the doctors office >>>
Doc. at the hospital thought my name was "Ese"...i guess I'm biracial..so...that sounded more likely than "Sam"....
Thanks for the RT!
I think one of the teams should recreate the super bowl shuffle!!
": Good morning everyone!" Good morning lady!! :)
Hell yeah, just hit me up bro bro
Follow my new favs! Asperger_Mom the leaves are changing!
RT : Thanks :) Yes, I really <U+2665> shoes. They are so unique and I get tons of compliments on mine.
I love that whenever President #Obama is in town, he flies past my office window just to say hello to me. ;)
what a great thing! are thyroid problems serious? what kind of help does it require? i thought it was relatively benign.
The first time someone ate my 14 year pussy I had a huge bush!
congrats to Gameboy, and to you!!
he is so cute! NEVER HAVE ENOUGH ROCKTARD PICTURES! hehee love from ireland shay! have a great day
I've started my day with a large hot Americano from a small local cafe. It's perfect on this raw rain day in New England.
Have a wonderful weekend.. world:):)
A man with a watch knows what time it is. ... A man with two watches is never sure.
What a terrific pic! Thanks for attending the Bedmaking Event--pls join us for book signing tonight 5-7 pm
He'd be better off just taking BloodRoot, no lies and no BS!
Ally is awesome, everyone. RT
3 more weeks then I can pole dance again <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0083>
thank you thank you Santi, wise words and I will ponder them tonight. Good night!
SHUT THE FUCK IP
#idol - INHO Jessica wins round two.
IM FROM NEW YYYYYYOOOOORRRRKKKKKK!!!!!
-.- jitt dumb... Lol don't I see u in school?! RT “: Yeaa nikkuh i can read with my ears. RT : See y'all in the A.M
It's cool. I wanted to stay in bed all day in Italy.
i can't stand wen ppl walk slow
Apparently gold lame sneakers "aren't appropriate" for the gym. Pfft!
Spent my day at town square! Exausted!
bummer!!! I'll email you a photo then ;)
There is only one success--to be able to spend your life in your own way. Christopher Morley
ain't gonna be no comeback in this one- Tubby teams are tough. we don't like to play 40 minutes.
Q:what did the fish say when he hit the concrete wall? A:Damn
Do you tweet? Follow us on Twitter
#IAlwaysWonderIf The things you say are really true. Or you're just playing a game.
All of his students are doing forecasting so it's fine.
Are You Relocating To Houston, Let Our Realtors Assist You In Locating Your New Home..www.newbridgehomeloans.com
there's a lot of post production work still happens there
what is digg
“: u like my abs in the opening? hehe” YES. <U+E106>
I'll give an update on earnings on my blog in the next couple weeks. It has been very interesting. Email me for more info.
Business and Professional Women's Foundation www.bpwfoundation.org/
ok now im going to sleep
“: ...and onward to San Francisco, dreaming of a direct flight.” // me too. Just later.
yea I guess I will sleep in a while
nigga you don't ever be hitten me up
Great breakdown of #Ohio #GOP primary electorate as opposed to the General Election against President by Paul Begala.
hey Viv, will get it to you today! It's in my list :)
Ok. That sounds like more fun anyway. :P
Barely survived this trip. Pretty sure that won't happen again.
We should go to little tokyo one day and buy cute bento boxes and supplies.
i don't try to impress anyone tho. If they like me, cool. If not, thumbs ip
The FB integration for words with friends is awesome
BIRTHDAY SEX? ;)
looking forward to having you 2012!
[sidebar question for the educators on #artsmgtchat: do you use a textbook for Intro Arts Mgt course, and if so, which one?]
Fell asleep way too early now I'm wide awake way to soon for no apparent reason at all...
I HAD the life of ordinary, I spat that out.
Um…it's the 2nd biggest search engine on the web.
Any big plans this weekend?
Kentucky is the place to b #BBN wants u to choose Kentucky
22 yr old Nathan Rogers charged in stabbing murder of pregnant girlfriend 23 yr old Jasmine Moss of Oxon Hill. on News4
This is how I'm kicking it right now: crab & shrimp burrito. Seafood Weekend 2012.
Can I just stay outside all day? It's so nice. I'm at least going to be outside until 3rd period.
It's #TeacherAppreciationWeek - show your theater, drama, art, and music teachers some love this week!
I don't tweet..I shoot
#cil2010 is Computers in Libraries conferencey goodness.
Honestly, we would be so fucking perfect together.
Best laugh of the day? Listening to my coworker talk to his girl. "You should come over to my spot tonight and we'll get weird". Amazing.
We do for parties of 6 or more! RT : do you take reservations? :)
Glad :-) RT No thank u, it was so much fun! RT : Thank you for hosting a Pure Romance party last night!
I completely agree! They're just trying to fuck the Villa over!
yah, straight elementary status bed time. What have you been studying for?!?
When you take stuff from one writer it`s plagiarism; but when you take it from many writers, it`s research.
The TParty movement is the "Anti-Party" alternative much like 7UP is the un-cola.
I was... It was a whirlwind trip. Barely saw anyone!
time!!!! Best night of the week!!
is so amazing, as a singer and as a person. He HAS to win
Re-learning and re-discovering how to use, read, and re-read affirmations 3 times/day. It's vital for my success in internet marketing!
you, mate! Ready for a real 30 minute LIVE debate on Obama, Trayvon, and race? Bring your A game...
Great news! Happy for your return to running.
I'm good flipping through the timeline. Thanks for asking. Did u have a good
Honored to join the English Dept @ Sierra Nevada College, Lake Tahoe as Distinguished Writer-in-Residence for 2012-13.
You“ Whats funny ? RT Ctfu “ I'm practicing my rapping skills””
Good! Passed out in a milk coma at the moment. AND... we only got up once last night however he peed on me already today. U?
I need to go see these mountains! I think they would make for a great hike. Wish I could send u a gift though =( lol (cont)
Ross hosting chelsey lately ? ...qhe is funny ...
how did the McNair panel go?
ha! I was wondering the very same thing!
while others might consider it an accomplishment...
Just seeing your last 3 tweets, I'm gobsmacked you only have 7 followers. Must be the Packers love... ;)
:-) Have a great weekend Ally RT : the two must go hand in hand.
KD please come through this quarter !
poor kid XD
Watched the trailer for the Ted movie and just screamed in happiness...I can't wait!!
Indiana Free Library's Talkabout explores social networking tonight at 7PM.
American History X-Men
Dude flipped 6 and a half times and walks away amazing lucky that tire didnt fly into the stands
Jose Bautista, 9 HR in nine career games at Target Field...
ha! some days I don't even know what semester it is
Had a snowball fight in Florida! 2010 is already full of awesome surprises!
Cocktail at
How much of the money collected via taxes goes to useful infrastructure? I'd wager < 1%
As in so many endeavors, people doing infographics are mimicking what they've seen, without truly understanding the gist.
If there is one thing monkeys in the stir understand it is wasted time.
yeah buddy
Picked up the camera today for the upcoming feature I will be shooting.
Kinda bored but how can i be bored watchin David Boreanaz do his sexy work
2226- your really hot and I love your Smile :)
got 3 cigarettes left. gotta start smoking mad bongs so I stop drinking and can drive to the gas station at midnight, when my check clears.
Follow me back
No sir!
waiting for you to follow me! (;
you know eye had to holla @ my homies hector sea tequiro and louis de fonte lou tu. eye got homies eba where
any mags looking for photographers to contribute work?
Shogun Lunch! One hour!
can any of you hardcore omeka users tell me if the latest version works with the Timeline plugin? We're getting errors thrown.
RT RT : Only 37 more days to go until Opening Day...
This week: intl edition editors are in the house for biennial conference.
in Des Moines hopelessly wishing I were Hartford or Boston or Philadelphia!!!
projectors and white toplight for orchestras, 2 things that can never be bright enough
Champions start their day with old fashioned stove cooked oatmeal.
Someone said to me, "You're too pretty to be single." I said, "No, I'm too pretty to be lied to, cheated on, and played with."
graphic design www.michaelcalixtro.com
I think ppl put Southland in a diff category of first/only superlatives because it's on cable and not one of the major networks.
What's everyone up to? I think I'm going to go out tonighy & stomp some chickens tehehe wish me luck ;)
New #Kony2012 vid pushes community service at local #nonprofits into the spotlight on 4/20 Cover the Night.
That's was amazing I loved it! Good Job girls!
My main dude how we doinnn
Good luck with it. I know y'all don't have money to burn.
Just got done watching Justin Bieber's Boyfriend music video :) oh hot daaayum.. he's grown ;p
Indian food for dinner.....m.
At the National Foundation for Cancer Research's 2012 Szent-Gyorgyi Prize for Progress in Cancer Research
will do! Things are good. excited about this year both for me and for a little more balance in all things...
UH OK LOLL
#Cubs break the tie in the 8th, just to have the #Rangers answer right back and tie it up. Should be an entertaining finish for the fans!
your welcome :)
You want to follow some strong, intelligent student voices? Check out , and Impressive group.
Jewish people can't drive and they be thinkin they own the road...FOH
YES LOVE IT <3
Early childhood development experts, pediatricians needed for advisory panel 4 new infant learning product. Email:
Missed the Bus
I see lol
WAY BACK IN 1993, Holy mother! the dark ages
Somedody said u was lookin for me...HERE I GO:-)
Hey, Betemit, the O's could have won...
Carlos Santana with his third home run in the last four games.
Carpenter road dedication in #Lacey coming...great job #Lacey Public Works! Now let's tackle the College St corridor...what a mess!
yea juicy
She still sounds like a damn fool!
Bummer, hope u feel better soon. RT : Wow def just waking up after 14 hours of sleep :-/
I wana see Battleship
You were suck, but now you're well again and there's work to be done.
justin bieber never say never the movie
I don't think so. I'm pretty sure it's all on Moodle - you gain access once enrolled. I will verify, though.
Experience is the child of thought, and thought is the child of action. -Benjamin Disraeli
Summer is winding down, enjoy the last few days and don't forget to sunblock the backs of your hands...
RT : You are not drunk if you can lie on the floor without hanging on.
I need Jake Grants number!
Put on your Sunday best kids, we're going to Ikea. No seriously, we're going to fucking Ikea.
Love is the master key which opens the gate of happiness
I'm goin to miss you and so much!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><U+2764>
Jealous of the centralized schools. We have instances of Blackboard, Sakai, Canvas and Moodle. Phew.
THiS GAME WASENT NO JOKE!
#team MESSY
Get that keeper off the field. RED CARD for annoyance.
I wanna go to Nee York already
A million congrats!! That's awesome!! Go Brooke!!
so I completely forgot that there was no internet/tv at my house because I was so excited to see my new fan.
Good seeing you here!
The UM Holocaust Film Series is going to the highlight of my year!!!
the sexiest president ever is now on my tv!!!
people kept saying that and I didn't know if it was a good thing or a bad thing.
we make our own in our dehydrator
Dont put your hands up my shirt, and tell me its okay,.
love you.
IS BACK!!!! We will be on our tour grind soon guys so be ready to come see us live!!!!
LOL! Re: snow is coming.
good luck! Post the cmls link!
IN OTHER NEWS HOLY FUCK AM I BORED.
Stuff's going down in 889
y'all should join the allnighter party at #TheBarracks afterward
Gonna go watch some Regular Show :D
So ready for these holiday hours to be over!!
how r u
My daddy just got mad cause I wasn't hungry <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
I watched the celeb game strictly for and dude delivered!
ok, we canceled your active game, feel free to start over (x6w72)
YES, THANK YOU, TWITTER. FINALLY
lol used twitter to tell me that huh? goof. Just buzz me!
I fix Mac computers. Will pick up and give a much smaller bill than the Apple store or any other "name" company in Philly.
Time for JEM! :D
i hate that it's so hard to find Barron's magazine in Los Angeles, everything is entertainment focused but
i wish i had someone to cuddle with & watch movies & be in pjs & eat with
oh ok
Glad you enjoyed "Founding Rivals!" Thanks for recommending to friends.
Who are you rooting for on ? We are partial to San Diego Native, #Jessica Sanchez! Who's your favorite?
RT Word up ": When you first joined Twitter you never thought this shit would be this addictive."
Mardy Fish is a procrastinator...let's hope he can make it to a 5th set.
Bad call Lovie not going for that yard. 4 points is not a safe lead! Ugh
I'm gonna post a link to a video my in person friend made soon. She's close and I love her voice <3
Shirlington’s first annual Restaurant Week begins today! Dinner includes three courses for $25. Come into Beckett’s and try our specials!
I’m drunk and high at the same time, Drinkin’ champaign on the airplane. Spit rounds like the gun range, Beat it up like Rampage.
Unions are the red herring, part of the false narrative...
Looking at some of these seniors skirts...
Yeah Magic Nation!!!! #WeAllWeGot #WeAreMagic #Salute !!!
Yes ma'am.
Stay away from the Elvis's. Catch ya next week. #iPhoneLive!
Laugh at your problems, everybody else does.
Please follow me!!!!!!! pleaaassssseeeee
Hes is to big.!
That's how I felt when I closed my BofA accts., I'd been "a valued customer" since 1989...
April 1932: Churchill was at Chartwell recovering from America trip and working on Marlborough
She said, "Kneegrow you ten years too late with the ring!" LMAO!!!
Jennifer Lopez is so sexy :D
thanks so much for the invite! can't wait to the 11/29 event!
MySpace has a good selection of songs..
FREE candy-music-fun-hot dogs! NOW till 8 @ Haynes Park across from Intel just up the hill from Cottonwood Mall!!
Girls week in Williamsburg, VA - fun fun fun ...
Well, it's time to mow the yard..
Myth or Fact: Drinking coffee will help a drunk person sober up.
Just done with meetings in Dallas - good to be with old friends and new. Angus burger from room service is the way to end the night.
The government absolutely should not be involved in marriage at all. But it's an argument of idealism vs. realism.
Today's Quote: "Before you were conceived I wanted you. Before you were born I loved you. Before you were here an hour I would die for you.
no outs. But I'm sure you've also seen that movie.
did your mom make it?
I don't understand the mystery of grace-only that it meets us where we are but does not leave us where it found us~AnnLamott/RT
females (sadly) are the worst lol
OMGHHKP i know the Sydney on your soccer team!O.o
try Perception Salon and Spa in Carytown great location awesome service, talented stylists, great price
The Georgetown Music Fest feels kinda like SXSW, except everyone is old.
smiles slides my arms around ur waist hugs u close xx
you da man...
Didn't get to watch the #Oscars tonight, but I did get to watch a homeless guy pee on a dumpster, so I guess its a wash
I could never:)
Back in rochy..
clean the boat so we can take it for a spin <f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+00A4><U+2600>
Hey how was everybody day??x
she does have a beautiful voice lol
Cant wait for the Awards Thursday.(: #makeachange .
That's awesome! > Facebook's parental leave: 4 mos paid; $4,000 “baby cash" + more via
Happy birthday, Jesus Christ, my lord and saviour! I am so thankful for this day. May His love and peace be upon all of you. <U+2665>
Woke up to a beautiful view of the mountains. Going to be a great day in Asheville.
happy belated haavenball. Sory I don't check the date often enough nowadays. March 25th seems time for the annual Haave fam AZ trip
I would say that's pricey.
I hope it gets sorted out soon also. thanks for your support and thank you once again
dam u killing em
You will see who your real friends are when you begin to climb higher and dream bigger.
boning up on #BigData :)
"We used to be really close and now I'm lucky if I get a hi :(" :(.
I HAVE NO IDEA. SOMEONE SAID THEY ARENT
Try , my fav twitter client
Famous last words: "Don't let it end like this. Tell them I said something." Pancho Villa, d. 1923
DrugFreeHome Foundation.org is currently evaluating drug and alcohol detection tech for our national programs. Helping families
We're the 2011 Frost & Sullivan Home Security Company of the Year!
Oh.. And his guitar player. That makes 2 little girl crushes. Oh well :)
always "fun times" happening in !
It's only after someone is gone that you realize how much u miss them
a mindless blank day goes well with a side of vomit. Glad you're at least mobile enough to type.
Thanks so much! RT : Back Then' love this song!
lol shut up
could you follow back so i can dm you about something? x
Shout out to mystery dude on big screen wearing an shirt at #Sixers just now.
Be sure to test drive the beta version of the new website in Houston this year.
so that means that you and want to see me?(;
yeahh thanks for telling me that <3
are you using rosetta stone or are you listening to spanish soccer announcers to help learn the craft of espanol?
No more Mr Nice Guy #Done Nice guys finish last!
Looking for a job on Labor Day....
so proud of you! U deserve every bit of this article!!!
or just send them pix of us during the "winter" in LA haha. Drinks soon?
awe but that's good.. You can do it!
me too
James Mack, British Columbia Climate Action: We have the highest CO2 price in N. Amer. don't want to start to be a bad ex, see biz leave
Thanks for sharing this! Great insight!
(c) I wont be on for awhile. I just need to spend a chunk of the rest of my summer outside. AND I PROMISE I WILL GET BACK ON.(: Oh, and (c).
omg ^_^ you are too much
thank you! :)
you guys bust yet butts for us knuckleheads...you've earned it.
Fresh prince too funny!!
I <U+1DAB><U+1D52><U+1D5B><U+1D49><U+1D67><U+2092><U+1D64> <U+2665> :D
Drunk listening to ... so many memories
"Blue! What does that mean?" "Our house is having a boy?" Julie
Glad to see you on Twitter!
Steven Tyler just said swagger :) yes please.
Just came hard! !!!
There is a wonderful mythical law of nature that the three things we crave most in life -- happiness, freedom, and peace of mind -- are alwa
Thank you, Joe! RT : Nice presentation. Thanks. Joe Barnes
Confirmed, #RBNY fans coming up to Montreal. The Burgundy Lion will have NYR-NJD before the CL final.
I know! I come from L.A too ;D
Patience is the maturity to appreciate the natural pace of progress - Alamgeer Taha
They made another Transformers movie! FUCK
I've wanted to for years, just can't pull the trigger. Any ideas yet?
#FF - This woman is going to be a star for real with her digital illustrations. A must follow.
Special tonight: Papadelle with grape tomato confit, olives, bread crumbs and burrata
RT : Javy is officially infected. He has been demoted from THE JAVINATOR to EL JAVY
How many ignores does it take to get you to stop texting me?
And, of course, the funniest food of all, kumquats. ~George Carlin
Have an AMAZING 2012, everyone! May you astound yourselves.
Convo w/my 3 year old in car: Me: Let me help u w/seat belt. Her: Girls don't need help Me: Sometimes they do. Her: Nope ...20 min later
Attagirl is teaming up with 3waybeauty on a new project! More info soon!
this is really a cool song by michael jackson and akon two thumbs p
I scorn thee, damned typos. Burn in hell.
you disappoint mee
": Is the #Loud cover gonna be a scratch-n-sniff joint??? " Lmao ineed dat
Nice to see some flowers and color instead of gray!
Lol he's weird I'm sorry
Gloves coming off at tonight's board meeting! Wooohooooo!
21 and doing it
will play the Newport on May 23rd! Tixs are $15 in advance and go on sale this Friday, the 6th!
That can be your Christmas present to moi.
Younwin some and lose some as long as the outcome is income
oh wow datz was HOT!! when are u puttin it out ??? cuz im buyin dat
Being sick and somewhat depressed at the same time <<<<
If u a real 90's baby u will remember on sunday evenings&yo mama just cooked dinner&all the good shows come on like ALL THAT #ILoveThe90's
thanks for the follow and positive tweets! glad to connect!
Mine is Watt's English
James Harrison by far.
I have no idea. I hope they are running in the opposite direction of my neighborhood (Winston-Radnor/Govans).
RT : I can't wait to see how my Magic Monday party looks on tv! I'm excited and nervous at the same time! :o)
The #LaRosas lunch was great, it is still one of my favorite restaurants; I hope that there is one in Cancún.
I have 1,234 followers! It's a sign! It's a goddamned sign!
Plz help stop DWP from building a new site next to Marquez Elementary!
And the Whitney Biennial hijinks continues... Prank Alert: Whitney "Press Release" Turns Museum over to Demonstrators UPDATED...
Well, Nietzsche isn't exactly holiday reading material..
haha that is my only memory of you on spring break, always doing that dance move.
As soon as left I went in his room to play justing beibers new song as loud as I can.
When will the #Republican Party live up to it's promises of inclusion and #freedom for all, and stop signing on to projects we can't afford?
#HowToGetRejected ..bring yo Cute friends around me! ..Bitch why you didn't tell me you had friends Badder than you?
As #2012AUGrad begins, realizing next year is 50th anniv of JFK’s 1963 nuclear test ban treaty #commencement speech.
RT : moderating panel on peace innovation journalism with , , and Hanna Sistek.
Incredibly stressful. Was @ the food pantry all day when the hiccups hit & couldn't do anything 'til I got home. They're...
RT : People talk about people flaws all day but soon as someone talks about they flaws they can't take it.
Its so disappointing, families don't eat together, nobody cooks anymore...everybody is chasing the dollar or a title.
yeah, that perfect! Thanks (:
when there is nothing to eat
Ur So Hilarious!!!!! I've seen all the video diaries and Spin the Harry!!!!! Pls Follow me...
hv a great week
Jets should bounce back tonight, can't imagine it's going to be a pretty game to watch either!
i wanna talk to you but i can find my phone:((((((
Win over locker room? He's def winning over the media! Something Sanchez has a rough time doing...
very true.I played NLIP w/ my niece & nephews last week (ages 12,10,8,6) & it was hilarious but i was first out both times.
bout to watch grind! #Bringing back my skateboarding days
no problem!! :) check out our songs on our Facebook :)
Why is the library closed at 5 pm on a weekday?! Boo.
Good luck today Lincoln Cardinal girls softball vs So Eugene Axemen 1:00 pm Delta Park - beautiful day 4 a game
Does anyone know where to get some good business cards?
something special, please.
A perfect and cathartic hour of television - Thursday night's and Already bought the book by Stewart's guest
A tree is willing to listen things that we feel guilt telling a person about.
I had the farm burger as well. I have never had country ham on a burger.
I need someone to come tag my room... grr.
METRO meeting just started. Going through intros right now before delving into Office 2010 and Windows 7.
Did I mention I saw a bobcat this morning?
Great article! Thanks for the share.
can't wait for romney to become president and discover a new constituition buried behind the white house.
great meeting you too!... thanks for bringing this group together
English is gonna be so boring!!!
Off work. Not sure what Im gonna do until mom or Tony gets off work. Walk to the mall and see a movie later, I guess.
Lev is what many quote whn rallying against homosexuals, when in actuality most don't follow all rules of Lev.
You might like the Wilco song, "Hell is Chrome." More for the title than anything else.
no. We just had... pudding.
When I move, I better find me a nice southern guy w/ hospitality. It's bound to happen. Lol.
Second day and time to make even MORE noise!
I believe it. Such a badass lineup!
Was called to NYC to do a reenactment of a murder on Discovery.
Get all 9 picks for Wednesday for only $15! 49-28 last 77 picks overall! Star studded lineup on the menu for Wednesday! Don't miss! Email us
Check out the current print issue of San Francisco Magazine for a spread on Reorb.it!
love this. you have my support to push this movement
me too - um, I'll just blame it on Siri, yah bad Siri ;-)
have ten minuets left of today and than I go home to my baby girl and sleep!!!!! Woo get to go home damn straight.
Congratulations on being LJ's library of the year! I am proud been inspired as a kid to become a librarian there.
lol naw i forgot to take that off
bitches these days don't know how how to be generous
Texting and picture mail that doesn't cost money to use
Been asked to help sell a $6mil pearl....where to start with that?
What a cute little button.
It's those people we played in scrimmage, I hope! & Adriana tore her acl and isn't coming back for the rest of the season..
Haven't seen a Baby's bottle pop commercial in 5 years! And i just saw one
Finally caught up with Attack The Block. Brilliant and fun film.
Check out our app! I made it after my house was broken into!
Thanks for the kind #FF, Cathy, and back atcha! =)
check out world's fairs from the thirties where they were exhibiting tvs to folks who'd never seen them before.
Got it. Thanks!
Hot as hell, tired as hell, my head hurt and still have the ability to hoop
I regret not trying out for cheer
Thanks. I just realized I haven't feed my dog yet!!!
MON HAPPY HOUR @ THE SMILING MOOSE = 1/2 OFF ALL CRAFT/MICRO BEERS, $2 OFF ALL SLIDERS, $1 OFF ALL OTHER DRINKS! GET HERE!
asks, "I KNOW YOU GOT SOL?" BROWSE/SHOP OUR EXCLUSIVE: T-SHIRTS, 2010 CALENDARS, WALL & CANVAS ART, POSTERS and GREETING CARDS TODAY, Stay t
And you only wanted what you can't have And baby you can't have me now, I gave me heart to another
Yea, I think the last time was with the profile pic of Kacie and I.
u there sexy?
Lucky, we have generators. :(
WE HAVE BORN FLY IN COME AND GET IT!!!!
I don't but I'll check it out. I trust your recommendation. Don't burn me!
ok and the real talk hasn't was unneccessary
Man I got a real 1 on my side I love u girl.
Congrats on all of your Grammy wins! You deserved each and every one!
For political gain some have selective memories!!!
very moving piece. he really was an innovator
Join me at the #AllianceAustin #ActorsFair see ya in area joining actors from
Aww I was doing stuff for family
“: Who's ready for a new episode of Collin's Corner? ... Episode 3 premiers at halftime!” YES! but I'm not at the game :(
at hotel. What time should I head down tomorrow morning?
Classy move for the Bucs to sign
How far north of the city? Any specific neighborhood?
Tonight we pullin out that little black dress
Dear Math, go buy a calculator and solve your own problems. I'm a teenager, not a therapist.
Please go read current rant!
Hi Desi, it's Marie I hope all is well!
slkunkle slkunkle I could be a *little* biased, but has a hot Twitter feed. Just sayin'. Will go make a zine now.
If I was a hot girl people would like my Instagram pics.
dirty. Always have been. Why you think their jersey colors resemble a prison jumpsuit. Can't Philly slide into the ocean?
RT : Reading new WI State Bar Comm. on Prof. Ethics, Op. EF-11-03 (July,2011) re e-mails sent to lawyer from prospective client.
thanks to maroon 5's new song, im now in a pretty good mood for once. im hoping it'll last
Wish would follow me:/
: browser extensions are the killer feature for me in LastPass
That's after each show's season have wrapped up.
You totally thought that was Tasha didn't you. I'm so unrepentantly lovely I make Littlebulb want to vom on their Converse.
thanks for the #ff man!
Of the drunk. Oy.
are you from the Liverpool near Syracuse, or a different one?
You still hanging in New Orleans?
I'm just a
Never force yourself to believe that you're happy when you truly are not. If so, unhappiness will fester like a sore & misery will surface.
Can't decide which I think is a better company. #zappos or #google? Impressed often with both.
I think I might put my compression socks back on. For life.
Wait a second. I'll be backin a few minutes and then ill look at it
bless your soul
Twitter dnt exites me no more<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Will my drive from downtown #LA to Sunland be affected by the #ObamaTrafficJam?? Anyone out there know??
Who knew NYC had as many helicopters as we do. All up in the sky at once over this tiny island. Stay safe
The APEX is partnering with Underground Atlanta to present a satellite museum during February.
I don't get excited when my phone vibrates bc i know it's only twitter.
rocks my socks of <3
Its fine by me if you never leave
Gangster ass room with $450 to our disposal over two days. Gonna order so much room service tonight. Already on weight with
...that belies the joy of the day." Jones on the March on Washington (npr interview)
but it's a Specter logo chain right?
Cotton Tale Designs Raspberry Dot 4 Piece Set Deals
Just tapped, New Belgium Lips of Faith Fresh Hop IPA (replaces Russian River Pliny the Elder)
Burton is no fun anymore
Game five of beer pong. Pfff eat my swag.
... semen into the bladder.
RT : Watching John Getz and John Vickery perform The Real Dr. Strangelove at the Alexander Street Press Breakfast!
Let's Hope the La Clippers Don't Lose tomorrow Lol :D
Nice and hot outside. I love this weather starting to really feel like
": God is talking to all of us, all the time. The question is not, To whom does God talk? The question is, Who listens?"
I agree, Google has search on lock down, idk why microsoft even bothered with bing.
Because we believe that which we cannot see and we trust #God who is #faithful and
Cp3 is about to put a 3 up, and a dagger
rip momma gibbs<3 shes watching down on you guys as you hit the stage each week. have a great day guys <3 love you all.
I have a new follower on my Twitters! What's up, (TheOAComics)?
Yay best friend Amy and heather!!!!
. I've been silent about it because it speaks for itself. I built up a business, and the owner is tearing it down.
We are here to inspire, lead, and create FREEDOM for YOU>>>
I honestly don't care about losing weight or gaining 300+ followers, if I did I'd follow weightwatchers so STFU
And that's not what I even meant. I wasn't beinq mean to the people who don't have moms. And that tweet didn't do anythinq to do
Oh Coffee my Coffee
hey can i get ur num i have to tell u something
Sunny and 75 in Seattle today. It's raining in NYC where I am right now. Not funny, weather gods
#hangover at work. Not fun! Seriously need to go back to sleep
IF U NEED FIRE BEATZ THA HARDEST N THE STREETZ FOLLOW MY BRO
Two great shows this weekend! EleventySeven & The Great Transparency Friday @ The Loft! Rachel Platten & Bess Rogers Saturday @ Redamte!
Because of your awesome lecture of Mahler at the folly. I'm vibin' heavy with em! Keep it groovin'.
I miss #Oomf already .
Bow Down To Princess Ariana
Anyone in #Cleveland getting ready for #Movember by shaving tonight? Tweet it up!!!
Your mainstream rap stars sell a projection of an image..most of it is not true at all..and it's ignorant as hell to even be glamorized
Follow me!! I can't message u back until u do!! :)
Just got in the house from senior skip day. Smh
": When ure tempted to get discouraged, use that time as a reminder 2 thank God that He's fighting"/God isn't fighting; he's won!
cute cute cute
Just had an epic movie moment running through the airport & catching my flight RIGHT before they closed the door. Hope my bag made it too...
I'm pretty sure that noise is written into the building regs for intergalactic spacecraft now
Yes that was a waste, but not as bad as the 20 page packet City of Madison sent to let me know I owe $60 for sidewalk repairs
Totally agree!
But regardless of the timing or strategy, it's not really something you can go back on, and that's good. In this case, ends > means.
The present IS the product of the past.
its Thanksgivin so u knw its time to smash in 216 we always eatin orangebrown we rep da land
looks like an interesting project. I would love to help out in front of the camera! :)
The mint in my Aerogarden is growing like crazy. I think I might need to learn how to make mint juleps.
pics or it didn't happen!
I used to have these shoes!
ugh! I love those things and I break them every six months I have to get insurance from best buy.
10,000 downloads for Weather Genie in the past 3 days... working late on the update tonight
Agree! Last BF was a douche, it's funny how guys will do one dumb thing for a night and spend MONTHS apologizing.
can't wait for the event! #Invicta + #WMMA=
That awkward moment when you're sitting in the dark of your room eating salami like you're friggen' Gollum.
not free yet.
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams. Eleanor Roosevelt
Thanks for the add!
Starting day two of the #CFCI Conference w/ presenting "the story of self."
I arm myself with Advil liquid gels 2 days in advance, otherwise they pack quite a wallop!
Nasty Girl lol
I REALLY WANNA MOVE OUT
One day till and are very jealous!
Congrats to Scot on winning Top 25 #TSMA!!!
you guys manage to put a smile on my face everday. so thankyou <3
Thanks for the RT!
it's meant to be a comedy you know. But then, so is Veep
Don't develop a social media strategy, develop a customer relationship strategy.
love you Louis<3
That is great news!
Every day I say today is the last day I'll eat junk food... Yet the next day I say the same thing! Need motivation for the gym<U+E406>
Woo amazing song
you should deff come visit the new place!
ADKSJ RFC. SAME. JAKE WAS CREEPING ON US
#FF Great literature & fun follows!
Thank you too!
Such a depressing week. Glad it's over. Vegas next week. Hell yea.. lets do this!
Nice to meet you! Keep in touch w/ us!
RT: : Do you know what time it is? Just 11 days and counting...
half way
interesting. Where did you read that?
done following:) follow me :)
if you had a pet llama what would you name it?
if anyone can beat Jones it's Evans. I'm actually betting on it.
Trying this out.
you can interpretively express the gift the next time we're all together
The Help was wonderful! #armchairbea I got my mom to read it!
mE TOO !! Xoxo
It's the first day of spring and it feels wonderful!
As long as they outlaw pseudo-words like "utilize"
"Don't judge a book by its movie" ~ ...never heard this before and love it!
It's amazing how she never leaves my mind..... I wish I could be with her every second of the day, for the rest of my life.
They NEVER call that on KG rjdjejehrksoehrh
Tell me when you want to arrange a private on-line consultation. I will give you feedback/suggestions on your pics, & much more.
#its2012whyyoustill gettin boyfriend/girlfriend's names tatted?!
These college football players should be getting prepared for an outstanding football season not getting in trouble.
See you at the ping pong tourney on monday :) !
It's not surprise that a white male, likely straight and Christian, isn't concerned with social issues. Empathy is important.
I hope everyone has a good night. Let's keep our eyes on Walker, not each other. If it wasn't for every one of us, we wouldn't be here.
Yay my basketball game was a victory!!!!! We pushed ourselves to the limit and got the results
Check us out at www.slyderfootball.com
What accessories do you like when personalizing your Kia?
ATTENTION Does anyone want a brand new iPad 3. It's in great condition. Anyone interested. Minimum of $350
Beautiful weather this morning in Pittsburgh!
we are cray and love them
which one?
Can you tell me what the fast moving object is above Earth and Uranus? SECCHI A HI2 10/28/2011-11/03-2011 (movie) It is amazing!!!!
Come check us out when you hit town cc:
i'd love to. the schedule is looking snug but maybe near arrival or departure? do you live IN KW? what's YOUR schedule?
Me MySelf And I, I kno that wud never disappoint myself!
It seems like everyday I have an angel and demon pop up on my shoulders
Yo! Ask ... maybe it's a little Haiti bootleg
good morning: )
Why do we press harder on a remote control when we know the batteries are getting weak?
Do you know about #NICU the show? Visit our blog for deets www.knowledgesafari.com
crap.. I missed it!! Did they bedazzle the #quadbox ?! I would probably love a
So many fire hydrants, so few fires.
Love Spanish food
If I promised myself stew and hot chocolate, I’d sing loud and clear “Let it snow, let it snow, let it snow!”
thank you
CA Grocers Association, "knows these ordinances work to increase reusable bag use!" WOW!
Nice, thanks. Who knows, I could find it.
picked louisville and florida in my bracket... shaping to be a good day.
#10beautifulpeopleifollow < Most popular trend among stalkers, rapists, child molesters, kidnappers, and people with real obsessive traits.
Super cute deal from Aerie, spend $40 and get a tote! Perfect for the beach and the warm spring Seattle days ahead.
that's a tough call-we say toss preference to the wind and celebrate their awesome harmony of free corned beef goodness!
Example: Digital Archive of Japan's 2011 Disasters
good luck. I just couldn't get into that show.
"Hipster Racism" article claims "Race is one of the least complicated issues that there is, because it's made up." - two problems ...(1/3)
The weather is nice today! Where should we be collecting signatures in your town?
Great game played by the Clayton Cursh 10U team Sunday - 14-14 Tie. Way to come from behind twice!
Welcome to our world Hank Gentry born today in Topeka to Brad & Jennifer. (For those counting at home that's Gentry grandkid #10.)
#FF Darn great people
is headed to Giants Jets game and the sun is peaking out.
If this loan doesn't get approved I have nowhere to go besides my dads.. I love him but I can't live with him <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
Spread the word fans! We have a great special starting today buywithme.com! Please spread the word if you know anyone looking for a mattress
If I'm going to sing like someone else, then I don't need to sing at all. – Billie Holiday
Heading to MetroPCS in Yonkers. Come hang out with Matt Pinfield and RXP. Matt is giving away tickets to NIN at Asbury Park!
About to attend my first student legislative assembly meeting. Kind of excited. Esp. about the free food.
Aww! She was my boss haha I worked there for a few months but then left. I really miss it..
Oh you got enough time to comment on Kyla Pratt's picture but you cant even talk to me on FB . You right . Disappear nigga
i mean i suddenly see some random thing
Happy Turkey Day!
It's happy hour again , come check our newly updated happy hour menu and get out of that nasty rain for a bit.
I really need some #sleep CieraMariexoxo
Vegas indeed!
#ff who is both witty and smart on all sorts of issues, like the economy, books and football. Let's get him mo' followers!
thank you for understanding me. And listening.. I highly appreciate it.
We're helping companies embrace the cloud. Are you wondering if cloud is right for you?
I understand if it's under a certain amount like $5 or something. But really $.10 difference a gallon? What about just $.10 total
Follow - she's proud to be a Bulldog!
Adelante! Mexico's Largest University Makes Its Publications and Course Materials Freely Available Online - Global -… t.co/d01Koe5n
love this look. Michelle Williams, Natalie Portman, and Emma Watson pull it off effortlessly! I wish I could!
Jessica Simpson had a baby girl! Her name is Maxwell Drew. Yes it's a girl. Congrats Jess!
. 21 days till boyfriend . Excited . Can't wait .
And he wants to kep seeing me on the bl what should I do help me he hot tattooed up latin guy who likes me I'm him first guy ever hewas with
I'm Tryanna Pull An Allnighter .! Then I'll Sleep In 1st Hour Tomorrow aha (:
Yes i just did (:
“From what we get, we can make a living. What we give; however, makes a life.” -Arthur Ashe
Just watched her show on HBO-Wishful Drinking. “Resentment is like drinking poison while waiting for the other person to die” Carrie Fisher
its cool though, I just know imma have to shut it down completely in a firm way since Mr. Nice Guy routine don't work
yo DM me your number bro.
dont nobody wont to go out wit ur ass picieing in the bed
Who's going to Rusko tonight??
What are you serving for St. Patrick's Day?????
I have "Beez in the Trap" by Nicki Minaj stuck in my head....
RT : The Hub rolls @ 6p ET w/Jamie McMurray in-studio, breaks down the spotter & 'All-Access' w/
Gym and work all day!!! way to start my morning wahoo!!
US Bank is NOT customer friendly when your stuff gets stolen!
Any update on Mario Manningham?
he survived on snacks
lol..i love u ..but u never twett me...=(
RT GREAT NEWS!!! a handbag will be used on the show. AIR DATE 04/10/12. EXCITING!! Thanks Ladies!!!
I'm applying for the summer scholar program! Keep an eye open for my app!
#FF for photos, to see things on the internet that are better than things you find, to see this tweet.
wow thats good.... I don't know anyone that can do that :-)
Good advice for #biotech companies - evaluate your product on a global basis. Emerging markets = BRIC
Soccer training for the boys teams tonight... 6-7:30.
The kids I teach love Now have own online group. Their 1 complaint: word limits. Fertile imaginations need to write more!
Celebrity Apprentice Time! And finally Star Jones is Project Manager! And she's promoting Trump Towers! This is too good! Hired or Fired?!
My summer is slowly coming together. It's all happening.
Lmao your so ridiculous its funny
I got a free wallet and watch today. It's like this gun is magic
Time for
her room haha!
RT ": Someone should convict of a crime without evidence and let her fight for her life."
fascinating history of Motorola's CI and financial forecasting work from Karen Dunning.
I can't say I was overly surprised. But good to know for anyone considering getting one for a pet. :)
#3day Heading into closing ceremony
Did someone call my name?
y'all goin to the cfa send-off tonight? I might stick around for a couple hours to hack.
And I hadn't even thought of "asspro" untol I saw it on the discussion lists. Guess that's too direct for Japan!
RT “: More than 50% of the people in the world have never made or received a telephone call.”
vinyl spring lager now on draft.
Thank you for sharing our newest work. We are very excited to be collaborating with on this project
Been there, done that, doing again on the 18th.
Funnest wedding ever!!! Best Dj
I saw it and had to put it in! Haha“: Friday's 'gigglefest' with me and Michelle made it on KARE 11 News this morning!
Americans for the Arts launches serve.artsusa.org to support Obama's service initative: showcases arts volunteering stories/opportunities
Putting together a "Nothing" show for the gallery. Hoping to get Something from Nothing.
What I caught of the webinar (Q&A) was really good! :) Will have to watch the rest on replay later this week. Congrats!
As a fun exercise, can you name the current or last example of music you listened to? One example per person please.
You all can stop looking now; I've just found the creepiest photograph in existence. Just thought you should know.
They always talking about that pimp shit but them niggas ain't getting no cutty
RIP Christopher Hitchens, dead at 62
Note to self: When going to another library to lead a workshop remember your laptop.
cant wait for miley!
Do you have anything for headaches?
Said I wouldnt call but I lost all control
We Appreciate all the entries into the art competition. Please make sure you vote!
Upshaw, Hill, Glenn. And maybe Konz.
ya went to see last night n a wedding in my hometown tonight ;)
EFG creative is seeking an account executive. Please apply at
What the H? I forgot that Pac-12 names 10 players to all-conference first team.
We're live in five! centralonline.tv Experience church where it's okay to not be okay!
thank you baby. I LOVE YOU
The IAP Crafts Panel is now reviewing app # 130149 Nancy H.
Thank goodness for Ronnie Hillman. We'll get the W tonight, I'm sure.
you like it thanks so much!!
Fuck the world till ya bust a nut.
Ready to be in Boston!
new number imma dm it to u and give it to nicko and bb
Hate stupid people that try to cut in line, I was here first bitches..
Happy #OpeningDay Milwaukee! Enjoy the beautiful weather and great baseball!
Lol u can b my gina I can be yo martin
I had a hell of a time last night loud bak2bak Bacardi n pineapple juice wat a night
I absolutely hate having to do a sales pitch let alone a sponsorship pitch. Despite saying that at least I gained a new experience today.
dude you should meet and work together on this vegetable tasting menu - which sounds awesome.
RT : CNN Money ranks Santa Fe as one of America's Cleanest Cities per the American Lung Association giving the city top...
Early morning workout..gettin back to the task at hand
rt Stamped or Stained Concrete Atlanta Ga North Ga www.ConcreteGeorgia.com Floors Patios Driveways 770-380-5277 Instant Quote Now
wordpress is addictive! thanks for all your help.
Lol Yeah a change of scenery is sometimes good. :)
Okay, Walter might be hard, but how about Bernie Shaw? Where did the real news go? They make fun of John Stewart but at least he ...
I will be there. Can stay until 10pm. Hope to see you there.
Thanks for the follow, Laura! Check out my facebook music page if you have time! Hope you like it <3
RT : "& gr8 friends help U clean up afterwards!" So where and when do we meet??
Every library but mine is closed for weather today. So very, very sad.
If you've been on the fence wondering whether to become a BBcoach, stay tuned! I've got something you're gonna "Like"! :-) Have a gr8 day!
I don't think I'll ever change my twitter name
Check the Avi
Something I love about NY too!! :)
Stayed up late to finally finish reading The Art of Fielding. I'll be talking about this one for a long time. Book of the Year!
#RHONJ time. TV is fantastic.
Meet Daniel Dolce, designer of dress shirts and cuff links on Saturday, October 22.
when you text me, it makes me wanna jump up & down and scream and crap. but when you don't reply, you make me wanna rip out my hair.
If ur looking through the bible,try reading 1John 14:6-11. I love those verses.
#Miami Happy Hour Starts in 25 min! $5 wine & cheese and charcuterie platters available at !!!
If she did just that she wouldn't have been able to do the terrible things she did.
Today was a total bust.... And not in a good way, maybe this will make me feel better...
I just think the big, red, upside down triangular Yield sign should be self explanatory.
Throbbing headache, here we meet again.
Da bulls game was live
"so tell me what SO GIVE ME A CHANCE!!"
Spent the weekend reworking first 30 pages here and there.Think I might be on track,but I've thought that before.
No way! I have a banana a day.
Thanks for the recommendations. I'm pulling quotes from Mayflower and Allied, and I figure, the more the merrier!
Had a good night :)
Signed up for half marathon... Trying to decide if #crossfit will help or hinder my training?
Sorry! =( I know I'm partially to blame for that. But if it's any consolation, I'm broke as hell too.
Happy Valentine's Day !
lol this is probably true
May eBay auction will begin Friday May 11th. An auction preview will be out later today!
Boston let's go.
Funny how & I didn't go to school today, Ms. Hilbig is gonna have a good day today. :) Lol.
Be safe out there!
Wow kellen lutz wasted on nbc
Yes almost there! I just have four weeks left of school
Congratulations to Brittini Hillstrom for winning the iPad2!!! More drawings to come!
I think it’s time to be honest. No more “LOL” when we’re not actually laughing…now we say “BTN” Breathing Through Nose.
Sorry we've been gone--it was admissions season for us and things have been BUSY. But we managed so get some great photos...stay tuned.
haha, thanks girl! :)
Old man on da bus got not only a,head ful of hair bt also in his ear
Actually no, they are a high quality vinyl adhesive wrap. A new product we are launching this month! We'd love your feedback
Cokie Roberts talking head...willing to blast women to carry the water for Repub Agenda!!!
mattress!) until morning, and i can drive you back home the next day. If you wanna drink more, that is.
#LetsBeAnimals 9 more days. Each second seems to be growing longer and longer. Uggghhhhh......
Hahahahaha yes you just made my day!
Just because things aren't good now, doesn't mean they will be that way forever.
Tony Bennett is? I've had the pleasure of recording him in the studio several times. A GREAT talent!
I love robot people
will do tomorrow
One hour of cardio done :)
Software contractor euphemism for today: "We continue to troubleshoot various issue with your [system]" i.e. They have no clue what's wrong.
#np Home me & had so much fun here when u & used to Tweet when recording SFTROU!
Haha yeah, we had speculated it was for The Avengers but never really knew until I saw it onscreen tonight!
That joke doesn't always work. Some people might start sniffing.
Hope all of you are doing well, and Thanks for the new adds, you have all been added as well.
Just a quick stop to pick up ppl en route to Hartford!
Best part of being in Richmond with & ? We have #VASummit meetings while laying on the floor of HQ.
i got a show on june 19th in flushing, ny check out the event details at www.myspace.com/joridel425
i need more followers -.-
He can hav u now
5 weeks left in #abq. Excited to join in San Diego finally, but will miss #abq friends and family.
I don't know what to make of that... this picture better be fantastic!
I did follow
woahhh~ thanks for the follow, guys! youre the best ;D dig your tunes<3
I love salsa music!
You are a socialist then.
Here's a Q for JF: Is it true that you're in a facial hair arms race with and ?
had my 3d ultrasound today, amazing! now off to bed <3
Im not ignoring you because I hate you, Im ignoring you because I cant handle it anymore.
#girlbyenotwiththem plastic pearls
The label "super moon" was also in the sky in Nasalization font. The Super Moon makes things very convenient.
Marina, I'm not sure what to do with myself, with my life. Tell me very specifically what I should do tomorrow.
Head over to this weekend, say hi to Mike and enjoy a Fire Light.
u to old to be wearing that shit away
My pleasure :)
Have u ever wanted someone that didn't want u?
From not too busy to totally slammed! Cutting sound fX, BGs & Design on #SaintsandSoldiers, and cutting BGs on #BadBrains documentary.
hurry hurry hurry everyone look outside your window!!!
In 1908, the FBI was known only as the BI. It is headquartered in Washington, D.C. and has 56 field offices & 400 satellite offices.
Temple Emmanuel showing free environmental films! Forks Over Knives, about the link between food and disease, is tomorrow, 6:30 p.m.
#SNL GOTTA CATCH UP JUST GOTTA
and our idols are more respectful, but I tell ya this world is what it was like for when I was kid it's morescrewedup
careful what you wish for. “: It wasn't pretty but UGA headed to the Dome!!!! Bring on LSU!!! #GODAWGS”
he's in richmond, but reach out b/c i know they are planning a HH in the DMV sometimes this spring
lol damn. most I've had is four. my buddy usually has six or seven.
that's a cool sounding feature, though
lmao you guys are silly af!
For the 2nd time in the last year I just saw someone drive off with the gas nozzle still in the car
"What would you do" always makes me cry!
[Book 3/100] What the Dog Saw, Malcolm Gladwell: gets better with each essay. Perfect to read in spurts, though who wants to put it down
Yes! It's rich-people drama. And I'm ashamed that I got sucked in. I blame this bar.
when will i be in justin's following list. -sigh- oh ya. nevurrr.
First Friday is around the corner! R2K Studio has so much to offer, such as $75 in studio credit for all local photographers that stop by!!!
- I'm hardcore like that. That, and I had moved all our liquor to the new place a couple days ago. Boo.
I've had 3 Acer laptops and have loved them all.
Thanks for the mention in WCP!
RT Driving to Philadelphia. ETA 5:37 PM using Waze - Drive Social
- Signed you up for access #INGDirect account - look for email and follow steps. Look for 2nd email from me explaining why.
my computer's battery declares itself to be part of the 99%.
#favemusicmoment the dubstep break in the Til the World Ends remix
chio dance #plasticinmyhair with the best date ever
I get to hang with at 3p today... here's my excited sound.. e
ain't no turn'n around
I've heard good things about the riding in MSP. Looking forward to mixing it up with some locals.
100% --- so tonight at 6 we'll explore the question: "Why spend $300K to hold an election that's results are meaningless?"
Lol see u Monday :) Back to school :P bleh
it was wonderful! Sorry, couldn't live tweet, my phone died :/
Not much man,just chillin and texting people.Hbu?
saw you at BJ's yesterday, wanted to shout at you, but respected your privacy.
Just waiting to watch the new Atlanta Housewives
thank you! Have a good morning run
Is anyone particularly surprised that has the longest line at #Truckeroo ? Not me!
Scenes from a Life: George Takei
Coyotes with 20th Pick Select Def Connor Murphy from US Under 18 Team
Finding out someone who you never thought would smoke actually smokes #winning #stillblazingtho #<f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A5><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A8><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A>
I know! Haha we look so tiny!
looks to be song of fire and ice book 1...or I'll screw up and check out book 3 from the library and be more confused
Yay! My arrived. Pkg so nice I wanted to touch and even smell. Display in my living room? should get.
Please share your discovery! Figured out some really useful code to create dynamic Facebook landing page.
Today was not that productive and yet surprisingly enjoyable
Eva Grubb is practicing in my attic! somebody get me a beer!
Checking up on Twitter after a long time away...I should come on here more often!
We definitely need a grinder/rough guy. Something like Perkins to compliment and help Tyson. Used to love those 90's teams.
Everyone next to me is ordering things for the table. Why is it for the table? Is the table hungry? Does the table eat caesar salad?
I just snot rocketed onto my homework. oops.
HIMYM's got nothing on how I've ruined my favorite bar
You did a great job Tae.
Best of luck!
I love you!
-smiles- Thanks
What the hell Tami? What the hell?
sheesh...people just need to lighten up. Haha. I love it!
We were closed yesterday, our lunch hours are Tue-Fri, 11-2:00 PM. Terribly sorry for the confusion. How was your anniversary?
hey ur in the story but it was to long so Imma finish kk
Pop music is garbage.
Jam holds on to the lead defeating the Energy 90-87!
ZOMG you guys. We're running in like 3 weeks. Should we have a meet-up place?
- Where can I get accessories, shield, side panels for a KBC TK201S?
Would the #government please get its foot off my neck enough for me to enjoy my dinner...
So I'm back on social media after lent. It wasn't as bad as I thought it would be. God is good!
Thank you for following We're honored! How did you hear about us?
Watching slumdog millionaire .
Awesome dinner at Sake and a bunch of rolls. I had the eel.
Arizona House Painters : Where QUALITY and AFFORDABILITY Meet.
Headed to San Marcos, hope the traffic ain't bad :-\
That nap >
It is def going... be back in the A later this week. Missing everone but is truly doin her thang!
Something like: #ff for the right mix of puns and social media enthusiasm?
Smart & sensitive side are both a big part of
oh. Good to know.
take me to eat!
Hey, we haven't decided for sure, yet, rt? We're just raising the possibility.
the technicolor joint?
Well, it lets me stream it to my TV on my Roku so I don't have to sit in front of the computer to watch. I like that.
a lot of AP comparisons. You don't get that without at least very good talent lol
thanks so much! I hope you are doing well.
From Audience to Action coming soon..... Complacency is NOT an option. Get ready.
That was creepy, but amazing.
RT : Christopher Reynolds: When he started at Los Angeles Times in 1990 there were about 1,000 staffers; now about...
feeling tired!
did my teacher just say worry about ur sex life not his
You shouldn't have to be controlling over your girlfriend.
": #twitterpeopleIlove and .Great follows! #tweetnumber6666" love you right back man.
cybercraptastic intro for
I4 bound headed to #Orlando to see #HouseOfBlues ready for an amazing performance
“: finding a mothers day card with a squirrel is proving difficult....”
now that's what I'm talking about! Haha!
what you think of his other film? Down Terrace.
Okayys. Haven't tweeted on here ferr a whiles. So I'm gonna start.
Beautiful Jerks= just jerks now because you can't see there beautifulness with out their Jerkiness in the way.
twit me appropriate a&r to sign hip hop artist
nice! hope y'all enjoy!
and what's with the generic LinkedIn invites? Tell me who you are if you want to network.
All opportunities have a window. Don't underestimate the importance of timing to the success of your ideas!
Thanks for the suggestion! I'll give it a try.
Hello ,everyone this is a freelance writer and I'm working on my new play.. Always looking for helpful people..
Pierce is known as the best passer ever so keep doing that Paul. It never leads to a turnover. Can Doc do SOMETHING?
Yes I'm A 7th Grader , Lol Why Does Everyone Think I Look Older ? I Don't Take It As A Compliment -___- I'm Not Old :P
THINK on HARD copy CD'S vs DIGITAL music..
~Happy Easter~
Kay Gees birthday party was a success besides the blisters and bruises:)
Hello Sonic Twitter fans, We just received permits to build our Annapolis area store. We will be breaking ground next week.
I don't know why but I can't win with or without you...
Well done! Thank you so much for sharing!
Rangers announce Darvish signing
Launching waternow project with Feed the Kingdom to drill water wells in Africa and help build and serve communities.
Mr. Biden is sucking a throat lozenge.
": “: Have not had one cig today :)” let yesterday be your last day of smoking tobacco :)" like ur way of thinkin!!
With the weather telling us Spring is right around the corner, what activities do you have planned for the next few weeks?
Nothing is better than a great morning run
Does just *hearing* the church bells count?
Best concert ever!!
From blacks to chinitos.. K.
sorry guys, were sold out of herring... we will have more next week
I dnt know where it could go:)We could talk hockey,I'll take care of you on-air.Can edit.make u look good.want to plug anythin?
Just walked into Biwa. Let the TBud titillation begin.
Am I going to be the only one that acknowledges that Phillip Phillips is a mirror copy of Dave Matthews, down to the facial expressions?!
thanks for the #FF!
I suck at twitter.
#5wordsWAYaftersex "yuh on the pill right?"
LETS DO A TRENDING TROPIC FOR AUSTIN!
Awesome. I'm still on 2007, but that will be handy when I get the upgrade. I found similar function through 2007's spellchecker.
#RAVENNATION Thank you for a great season and your support! #Atlanta is STILL RAVENSTOWN!! BLACK AND PURPLE FOREVER!!!
": Dua ~ The most beautiful, most valuable and most powerful form of communication."
When says, "boom there it is," you know you have to look up and pay attention. :-)
H&H wants to welcome Bobby Sepolen With Keller Williams Real Estate to the H&H family!
Watch Peavy make his 2nd start tonight against the Indians!
#Follow <- Moving & Shaking up the Social Media World w her Fantastic Positive Passion to Help Jobseekers WorldWide!
When guys have muscular arms <<<<<
Great meeting you:)
An email was supposed to be sent at 10 a.m. It's been stuck in "sending" mode for too long. Please help?!
#intalent. Great dinner with #linkedin team. Thanks !
"Luck" event factors: 1. U didn't cause it, 2. It has significant consequences, 3. Element of surprise. Jim Collins
#ThingsThatNeedToHappenBeforeILeave Me and and need to go to Denny's, for motha' fuckin' chicken wraps.
Love installing dimmers for overhead lighting. The light is customizable for every occasion!
At the end of the first period the game is tied up at 1-1. A close battle so far!
It makes me sad that hasn't talked to me all day. WHAT THE HELL ALEX
Feel blessed to be able to help other #entrepreneurs build their products & pursue their dreams. Some super cool stuff coming out soon!
awesome keep me posted
Ha I fucks with owl city
announce plans to have all players wear really tight, short, shorts this season, in recognition of their fans.
Beverly Hills.
Kathryn Hahn Joins Ben Stiller In The Secret Life Of Walter Mitty She's everywhere nowadays.
Feel like Lakers aren't much of. "Team" this year. Still my boys though!!! Props to the win tonight!
Burner was left on low. Oven should have a red light on top when it's on.
hi Tyler I love you,I really hope you'll follow me soon!!!!!!!!!!!!
Home for The latest spring break in the history of all college spring breaks
We need to check the women
by avoiding bidding process, PK can use higher price/quality product. Beautiful buildings. Not using low price labor.
I bet you an iphone 4s you wont see this... ;)
Free Shipping on all orders over $500. Let us help you stock up on door hardware for this coming year!
You dress so rachet everyday
We all miss you so much!!! Come back and visit us :-) And, retweet the blog link!! Shit's hilarious!!!! xoxoxoxoxox
Happy Mothers Day
Who gave you your first kiss and how old were you?
tweets are so addicting . ^.^
go to the gym with me that early before heading to the Isle
Trouble is a part of life, and if you don't share it, you don't give the person who loves you enough chance to love you enough. -Dinah Shore
you nor go kill urself... see as dem dey match u...this is crazy
IN THE LIVING ROOM
Wow... in Where Have You Been's music video... Jesus Rihanna.
Welp I'm about to be late for practice
"I am a fan of the #LeachReport and I want a FREE #BBNSwat t-shirt"
": the world is just full of surprises =>"
GF & I talked bout switching 2 Atheist DEM or INDEP doctor. SAD! Never till NOW did worry that Christian doc would lie and/or refuse care.
i want to be a model soo bad but i know that i will have to work hard to get there and im ready for it:) hard work pays off!
Where did u get ur ears pierced????
#fallforum AASL Maniotes: Inquiry process based on Kuhlthau's ISP model - research based, research tested, research validated
what time is registration at?
RT : Don't take this struggle that you are in right now personally!
Acappella concert in china town
#ReplaceEminemSongsWithBanana say what banana say
unique new york
So excited for with I'm glad that we're doing this before I'm 1,500 miles away from Boston for 2 months!
Glad I'm getting off soon
what would we be without our childhood friends? Naomi, youre awesome.
Sorry, I didn't think anyone would see me do that “: The man with Elle McPherson just put his hand casually on her butt. Classy.
Some people will never get it. So, stop trying to give it to them. it's someone else out there not only who want it. but, need it.
": Let it go. It may hurt for a while, but when you get over it, you'll see that you're better off."
I'll call the imaginary maintenance folks and have them imaginarily get right on that. What color should I imaginarily use?
Join us for Navigating the Chamber this afternoon from 3pm-4pm here at the Fishers Chamber office!
You play U laughing are u okay Blink once or I will call the cops 2 ur house u don't need that extra physical abuse!
You don't just cross the line...you pole vault over it.
I hate when that happens....the day drags and seems so much longer.
Laughing so hard you sit there clapping like a retarded seal!!
um no crying in our bday month redhead unless its tears of JOY
hahahahaha...whats good, what u got up 4 the day?
We filled his pickup so much he yelled "Dang, they might not even let ME in with that much!" We laughed. As we drove away
": Scared out of my mind.....:'(" you good? What's wrong homie?
Great conversations w/seniors! RT : Be bound by nothing. Do your own thing, cut your own path.
Headed to Board meeting. Come join us at 5:30 tonight at is our speaker.
I lived near Blois for almost a year back in the day. Beautiful place. Hope he has a great time.
No. 1 pick in fantasy football. Who do I take?
Submit your MUSIC+ART+PHOTOGRAPHY+FASHION+DIMES to
I swear these folks funny
No one is on campus
Right now, me and Soft Rock 97.1 WASH FM agree that we like pina coladas and getting caught in the rain.
“ Off work..headed to the liquor store”
Thank you. It's still a little strange, what my hobby is becoming. Most people I know didn't even know about it.
not specific bars for each team. But the #SBVillage will have pep rallies for each team next Friday and Saturday. Join us!
My daughter loves it too. One of the artists drew her a Frankie Stein -- it's on her wall and she adores it!
Thanks for the follow - we love your place!
Think it's safe to say neither Cohn will get much in the way of one-on-one interview time with or this season.
well death cause someone who is going to die usually goes to get taken care of
Don't wanna go to school
To the gym for a quick run before the event tonight.
My hair does not hold curls at all...
import data into online app that automatically generates relevant infographics of my choice. Intuitive data input instructions.
Hi guys. :3
#nascar # californiacostumes Junior has 'fun' despite questions in Kansas Imagine, if you can, riding around a race track at nearly 190 m
Was supposed to go out with a former coworker, but I guess not. God; I hate flakey people
There is no better way to wake up than blasing music and drinking coffee (:
Oransky. Writing about a study after just reading a press release w/o reading the entire paper is journalistic malpractice.
What a crappy night! Cubs suck and so do I!!
. Unions are democracy in the workplace. So if you hate Unions you hate the democratic process. It's simple.
Can't stop thinking about kickball today son!
Did a good job on my Avanti Audition, a was a business person leasing office space instead selling. Thank God I memorized the script!
Make sure you follow my band on twitter! We have live practice updates as well as links to our free ep!
What a move
Making pancakes, steak, eggs and bacon for #brunch this morning with kids.
Example is the way forward, I got a few favourite songs atm though :L <3
SHOCKED at the outcome of the Casey Anthony outcome. Not guilty on the serious charges. Guilty of counts related to lying to police.
hey I sent you the link to my site.
Britney Spear's movie is on Netflix
Kids woke up singing - "where am I going how do I get there and when I get there what do I do" kind of an apropos kids anthem no?
We don't really say "Teflon" pan anymore, but "non-stick." That's all I got, good night~
#WeWereCoolUntil U said King James Sucked Cuz He doesn't Have a Ring Yet
Excited to sing National Anthem at Victory Field with a few Debtones :)
They'll lead to the odd couple direct buys, but I suspect they're more helpful if readers've already heard of you
It wouldn't be the first time that the District has had issues urging the public to take action on a matter.
lol @ your last tweet
looks like sept 5th and lawn seats are 25 bucks. I'm in. Could be a big
you and your crew are an inspiration. Thanks!
lmfao she was cute
lol well we try to share some of our perks every now and then, and we know that you're a Rangers fan ;)
“: you'll kiss you for me?” lol I meant "em" and it auto corrected me!
heh. those are surprisingly harder to find.
Who are the #Dolphins picking up? Another quarterback?
Wait...Ice is looking for coconut soap online. That's an impressive hedgehog!
Happy Thanksgiving from the ascedians! We're thankful we get to work with so many wonderful people.
Stopping by #KPL then off to ikea with
small ball?
Happy Mothers Day weekend! What are you doing for your mom on Sunday?
Make sure your brand identity speaks to your clients. Your coherence in print and on the web should make you recognizable and credible.
tune into guys and an athlete with and the gang every Tuesday 8-10pm (est) on wARKLive
We are pulling up our sleeves to start shipping out our issue! Get ready!
Dear if you're reading this tweet, can you please come to Alpine this year?!?!
Just arrived for sale, Bottles of Bockor Cuvee Ves Jacobins Rouge & more bottles of Fremont Brewing Bourbon Abominable Winter Ale
Looks like a fun line up this year!
Happy Holidays Spartans!!
I need food!!
Fucced up at one thirty!!
I hope that #Time cover is photoshopped cause that kid is going to be traumatized BY ALL THE HIGH FIVES HE'S GONNA BE GIVING IN KINDERGARTEN
manson girls
Looking forward to catching up on your new book, soft butter, this weekend.
This Day 1905: Robert La Follette elected to the U.S. Senate. He delayed taking his seat until January 1906.
Join our mobile adoption unit today at PETCO (3601 Old Airport Road NW) for Maddie’s Adoption Guarantee Coalition Event! 10am-2pm.
Still don't like or condone Rush, but if I were in advertising I'd be calling over there to see what kind of rates can be negotiated
what website?
I have not drank near enough water today.
And I spent weeks telling them exactly where and how this would happen, but they, as usual, think they know better.
This is one of those mornings where you have to get up and grind but you'd rather stay in bed
Today I caught myself smiling for no reason... then I realized I was thinking about you.
umm excuse me I believe I was correct the first time<U+E00D><U+E11C> I love you booger <U+E41A><U+E328><U+E32D>
nothing like an icepack to cool things down. ;)
dyin hair dark brown
working on maquettes for an installation next month! exciting!
if number 1 is taken, what would be your second choice?
ah okay. Thanks girll :)
The Won Cause gets an honorable mention for the Lincoln Prize which recognizes best books in Civil war History
Thanks for the RT! :)
Have to wake up in 3 hrs and I can't fall asleep
'mon Teebs! This is the big one.
I LOVE YOU VICTORIA. *godpoints*
Sittin in my quiet apt in deep thought.....
HaHaHa!! You are too!!:D
relaxin at home for now - got class tomorrow and then a day off - :)
Right on! I applaud your bold move.
Arsenal's insane transfer dealings over the last 8 months force me to conclude either Arsene Wenger is not in control or is losing his mind
Playing Rock Band!!! Holla!! Happy Birthday Jon!! lols (Congratulations )
Davidson: Be sensitive to different cognitive styles. World needs those who focus on lot at once & those w/ laser focus on 1 thing
Thanks for the RT.
Clippers are playing like a team without much late-game playoff experience. Hmm...
This lil lite of mine....im gon let it shine...
exactly! He's been competitive in a lot of races but lady luck is def not on his side!
To be honest, I have no idea what day we're getting out of school.
Go ahead check out Fos. We Dare you.
Sweet! I guess we were more trying to find out which one of the new Salvo's? There are 5 different models now… :)
that dirty hippie!
Third RT : “: please change s song!” <-- I second that.
Wow Trick Daddy lives in Silver Shores
OH MAN I LOVED IT
Cincinnati Straight Edge, you disgust me. After the crap you pulled last night, you better hope the Police find/have found you.
Hell yea. The good ol days
Green is My Favorite Color, #followfriday because she loves green, and is a fun Tweep.
we should get #50000mahomies trending for <3; <U+2665>
RT : RT Before any decision ask "what good can come from this decision?" It is amazing how many things we do differently...
perfect for holiday shopping RT Macy's having big sale up to 75% this wknd.
Im renting Clash of the Titans. I dont know if it's any good...haven't heard. I'm just thinkin, a guy like me should've seen this already.
Pizza time! Starving. As always.
-Mistakes are proof that you are trying.
Hot shower
Cause she love her awesome uncle! Lol
hello!!! sending care your way! <3
awws I love you too darling <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
Just finished Skyping some beautiful people, and
!!!!“ any mixed girl > yello bones”
Lively mind
One last time ri.i.p Adam Yauch. Prayers go out to you and you family. I can't describe the feeling I have of your passing.Mayyouliveon4ever
Blue Jays now selling Twitter handle T's (via , )
“: Wow that was a good move by ” Damn Right!!
How do general contractors find, hire, manage and pay great contractors? I'll show you how so you can save a fortune on your home projects.
Well u know I would be right out there to help u if I could (#MakeAChange)
“ Do u know it hurts? Do u know how I feel? .....#fucku”
Ai #Weiwei giving testimony to the world he lives in. If everything is out in the opening, there's nothing to spy on.
Where do we start?
Jennifer Hudson sang "I will always love you"...never quite like Ms. Houston, but nearly flawless. Well done.
Had to do something about how lazy I was feeling...
Up bright and early to head into #Boston for Bound to End Badly at !
Great! Thanks for doing what you said you would do by reading it! You Rock!
everybody gonna be drunk as hell tonight lol
What would you love to do or are already doing that makes you feel that who you are and what you do makes a difference<U+200B>?
and hm as in I'm right?
Thank you do much sweetie! Yay!
Glad you enjoyed it!
Less than three weeks in Denver until I head back to San Diego!
what does one wear when jumping out of a plane? ..anyone have a track suit I can borrow?
This time tomorrow night the #Mavs will still be in the first quarter. Headed to bed to get some early rest.
Caught a great Buddy Guy show at Ravinia with & Ala. Beautiful stars, beautiful music, beautiful company :)
ive learned to forgive&forget. hard to do. but it takes courage.
fina get on oovoo wit marco
Fresh Berry Friday with our Special Crepes filled with Strawberries and Blueberries!
well Dallas was in the superbowl!! oh wait just their stadium was. lol
which one, the cbs mic or jc's? :-)
The only bionic implant I would accept is a throat that could actually be cleared. I hate the "organic" one I have now
UGH!! Just seeing your smirk in my timeline is making me ill
The weather is nice and motorcycle season is in full bloom. Buying a bike? Read this fist.
RT : If your Hooters waitress has a white name-tag, she's under 21. Orange name-tag means over 21.
Donut Whole Foods
RT : Being a tough cookie is a good thing. Soft cookies fall apart under the tiniest of pressures. ~
Getting ready for the graduation. Can't wait til 2 years from now
Ikea?? “: Swedish meatballs, you temporarily soothe me. #sweetsweetsaltpellets”
& - thx for spending #superbowl sunday in Denver! the start of a successful promo tour begins w blue cheese dip
it's all good, we out here getting it one way or another
Why, thank you for the mention! I'm honored.
Out of school :D
Come on Blazers! Win a damn game!
I'm not sure.
First details emerge in sealed Shawnee murder case - Bonner Springs Chieftain
optical illusion I guess! People always say "she's so big!" but 75 lbs is not that big. She's fluffy.
can't slow down too much evil in ma rear view!
I can only say that I have acted upon my best convictions, without selfishness or malice, and by the help of God I will continue to do so.
sometimes…the person you want most is the person you’re best without...
The sun? That's what it looks like?
Really, if given the choice, would you be watching Celebrity Apprentice or these reporters droning on with no real news to report.
u play volleyball???? so do I :) thats awesome sauce <3
Are you handling the parking at the Miami Marlins games?
I'm not 19 anymore! My body is not ready.
one more day.
You're the best! :)
I'll see you tomorrow! So excited for the data viz talk/Geoloqi time/Map Attack (I'm going to kick some ass)/Portland visit.
Thanks! Only saw film - stirs powerful emotions with images/music. Drop u an email with details. More on film
NicolakPoker 50+ is a requirement ... do not know about any penalty if you tried to slip in
yes:) of course
We Are...MARQUETTE!
yeah I think that one was my favorite
ACRL Futures Thinking: libraries need to be / act like rock stars. Actually not a bad idea.
Raven Symone comes out as a lesbian. And somewhere is sweeping up the broken pieces of his heart. I feel you good sir.
Lebron doesn't wear socks with his shoes lol! man i know those shoes are stinky afterwards
* worse. RT “: ifeel so much better (:”
De qué? :o
How was my latte art?
You see the same thing I see? RT : shut yur mouth yu dirty slut. yu know yu want it in yur butt.
Follow the team
Thanks for your kind mention and your ongoing advocacy for #immigration issues.
dont you mean don't stop beliebing !?
PSA - Going abroad? Buy travel medical insurance for the trip. Recent air medical flight from India to Boston: $45,000.
people i followed please follow me back
Wondering who my 50th follower will be...
Love meatballs. Can'[t believe, I'm finally trendy!
Go go go go go
Should be at Neumos tonight seeing the Constantines, but I got too tired and lazy. Instead I'll watch Tim & eric on DVD.
awhhhh thank you ( :
Movies have grown too reliant on special effects, need to see some more thought
Uh, he better get to work on that ish. That's like...the majority of a woman's child-bearing years.
Thanks so much for the kind words. I'm happy to share them. Too sweet to keep them to myself.
RT : So, who used the #recycling containers downtown #Indy this past weekend?
Any House fans?
“: Who you guys picking tonight?..”-- go cats
Aww;( now you made me sad :( follow me to make me happy ;) plz
Texas law would send unethical sports agents to prison.
Anytime! U deserve it.
can you or Matt go to room 342? We're having Mac issues
haha you got a stage name?
Ironic...and sad. And clearly discriminatory...smacking of cultural profiling.
People of #Newyork be scared
ITS GONNA BE 2012 4EVER!!! DICK CLARK DIED!!! D:
Proof we need more movies that incorporate random acts of song. #oscars #onlytwobestsongs??
count me in!!!
I have 0 beers in mine.
IKR, I think it'd be worth it though. Just to see the look on his fabulous face when he sees 2 adult women like that. Haha
& him & his hairline going to bust that ass! LoL
getting serenaded on the phone by a u.s. soldier who is also a country boy <U+2764> >>>>>>
I'm gonna need someone to push me through Target in a shopping cart.
Ok, that's two on the police and lawyer side, I'd still like to know why hasn't Zimmerman been arrested yet.
The fact that you do not understand our foreign policy and our history in Afghan makes me happy you are not the Pres!
I'd rather learn to like something so I can have a positive attitude about it than waste energy hating something I have no control over!
Crying for no reason
I'm still kinda sick...
Waiting on the world's longest train @ RR crossing on S. Laredo Street.
if you paid attention, the UK-UNC is not going happen this year. Come on.
Oh you better believe I am still going to find the good BBQ in or around DC.
well i reformated and had to get thenew verson from twitter
Curled my hair, but a bunch of hairspray on, so if my hair goes uncurly tomorrow I will be pissed!
Thinks Dolly Parton is a genius and an angel on earth.
Nothing scary about $250 credit. Enter to win, by tweeting the scariest place you've ever been to. Include
shouldn't you make things you like first? Why other people, then you?
i was in there for 2 hours....its so bad
Despite being jailed for riding a bus, injusticed for their race, and faced with the threat of death, they still managed to sing.
Outdoor Furniture Sale begins today, Up to 20% off!
Luckily it wasn't anything a couple Ctrl+Z's couldn't fix.
#WeWontWorkoutIf you can't accept my past and hope the best for the future
Thouroughly hooked on Everybody Wants To Rule The World by Tears for Fears and Free by Graffiti 6
Summertime is the best time to work on your game. can help you reach your goals. NY ballers - let's do this!
Same. I hope you are OK?
Coilunders on a z
#primFTISLANDNYC I won't stop tweeting! FT ISLAND PLEASE COME TO NEW YORK! ^__^
Obama Administration's Announcement. New policy is not an Amnesty
When is up on the stage with their award, Americans are anxiously waiting for their tweets of them winning at their homes!!!
let me know if I can help!
He agreed to marry me.....so that pretty much means we can have sex...right? So agreed to have sex with me..... -DEAD-
Good Morning, Lovers. How are we?
Knicks we could do this!
seriously, when do u sleep? Don't u have any down time?
Go Follow --> # PLEASSEEE For me it's my sister
weird, maybe? There was some motorcade that closed down 395 yesterday, I believe.
Looking forward to learning and having fun at Cisco Live! Just remember, what happens in Vegas will eventually get back to your Other
pretty sure economics is the most pseudo of the pseudo sciences. We are rational and acting in our own best interests? Hardly.
does what you said go for vets too
Be glad you're not in Seattle. Here we just get drunk & fat.
What about your face card?
Packers or Falcons... Packers win with a late touchdown to go ahead 28, 24.
just had the best idea for a new web series.
Does anyone know anything about an Elders and Youth event for Alaska Natives going on in Anchorage anytime soon?
I'm another southerner trying to make it big in the Big Apple. I love you. Thanks for being an inspiration!
Video filmed at historic 16th st. baptist church in civil rights dist. in
Today #HillaryClinton is the same age as - 64! Doesn't seem like they're the same age!
Wow! It is THEE day for patio/riverwalk dining today. Let's do this!
$3 drafts til 8 and free pizza while it lasts at
Yo this weather needs to get warmer damn sick of the low 60's
Great job...what instrument?
civil discourse has been sadly lacking on both sides I will agree - but hey we can be trailblazers! :)
stoked. Are you still down for the #Blazers game that Saturday?
Returning the love! Thanks for being such excellent partners!
shits the truth!!
It'd be funny if other singers yelled out their record label like Lil Wayne. Like if Adele was just like "Rolling in the deep, Columbia!"
November 6th - Sakonnet Roller Rats vs Old Money Honeys - Championship BOUT!! 7pm, buy tickets online NOW!
Tornado warning for eastern jefferson county till 2:45
thanks so much :)
That is freaking priceless!!
That's outside of San Antonio. Its just over an hour from Austin, so hence why I didn't know it.
LOL! Because I had to keep fighting dudes off of me all night. I couldn't focus on texting because they were too thirsty.
Success is like pregnancies. Everybody congratulates you but nobody knows how many times you got screw to achieve it
Burrrgggeerrrr and fresh cut Fry's .Yummy
RT : NORD Comm had planned to whittle 4 candidates to 3 today but backed down after asked em not to
We love when customers give us feedback because it's always great to know how we're doing. thanks to Essance Ragland, Priscilla...
Wrestling is fake.
Thank you! I have a lot of love to share! #shellyshines~
So jealous. This tour has been incredible so far.
One more hour!
not every coach likes Bulgarian-ish methods. My program is clearly on that spectrum. Yes max daily is the idea
im joking!
my birth certificate says Mc Loving not Jeremy
There I go, overthinking everything again.
Sorry hun!! Thought I had all the famers! Glad to connect with you!
The Natalie Wood case from 1981 is so interesting. She somehow fell off her yacht and drowned off CA... but now the case is reopened.
Cosign RT : So Happy To Have You Back On The Ice Tonight!!!! Great win by you and the team!
Ok, have now put up my car windows as a way to ensure that the rain all misses us.
All electronics at Diversity Thrift are 25% off today!!
Very true. Scarves are very versatile accessories.
you're so amazing
good choice
Waiting for enya.
It's better to die on my feet then to continue on my knees
Chinese could use bing; it will give what it has and then go to google and bypass restrictions.
I can #fuck yo #bitch and act like I never knew her
Thank you!
ok, maybe I'm not that protective of my flowers. But still. I'm resisting the temptation to tell him that she didn't clean her house.
Check out and the upcoming #wineriot event. THIS is how wine tastings should be done!
I doubt they will have half smokes. Also family communion during FA Cup final. Brutal. I don't even believe in Jebus.
NEW MUSIC ALERT!!!!! Soundgarden "Live To Rise" at 12:45p with
Not the heat RT : Sup Luis =) RT : Heat so fuckin sorry
I think Mexican food for lunch would be lovely today.
How spoiled are developers to work in an industry where, when we see a site we like, we count on clicking on the "jobs" link in the footer?
Someone told me : " atleast I don't cry when I go to sleep " . Shall I say more ? .... :/ wow.
Soft drinks: Public enemy No 1. in obesity fight? - The Keene Sentinel
Hahaha, thanks! It was my fault for wearing socks -too slippery!
hello sexy check out my new book Vanillas Ladies link on my page to free preview on my blog x
I smoke weed until I hallucinate.
Hi Impressive article! Do you think implementation of such an #education platform will improve #student #learning?
Can u edit this pic for my icon? Can I have my username it it like the other one, maybe bigger & something to do with Ari?
Making scrambled eggs and watching sesame street. Life is good.
Man at white castle at 1018.. like its the end of the night at the bar.. we are not experienced day drinkers
Taking Seneca off my reading list... RT "You must live for another if you wish to live for yourself" - Seneca
Yesterday I sent surveys to CA-52 candidates on Qs re: bicycling as transpo if elected. Disconcerting how responses are split on party lines
Sign up for free here: afreething.com/Yours, and wait till your convinced, then you'll be in posisition to upgrade when you want.
@ this point in my life... im looking @ it like a hustle...
ok thanks
the lady in my profile pic is former WEE Diva and my idol Maria Kanellis.
why my nig ?
I want to be able to tell the world my storm in order to help others get over there storm.
umm awkward moment when Nick doesnt wear Panties
": Where are all the Luke Fickell haters now? #idiots"
"VOLTA8 occurs just after the commencement of dOCUMENTA 13, which will drive throngs to Switzerland." am I missing something here?
Haha close one, but group majority says cheerleaders. lol the things we do at bball
Getting ready for BBQ at #NavyPier. Stop by to taste our delish wagyu short ribs! See u there! #NRA SHOW
I love green bean casserole!
Going for that first kickball win...ISUFS Activate!!!
When will #NFL will start selling double-deck seating on people's shoulders.
In case you missed it the first time, catch me on Episode 8 of #BravoTV's Million Dollar Listing NY tonight. 7:45 pm.
Who's watching Mad Men tonight? What attracts you to this show? What doesn't?
Kitten mittens
lamb today is on the menu. I freaking love you)
miss you too.We need to catch up ! Our yoga "friend" was at the Y on Friday, of course I thought of you&lost my monkey mind ;)
so jealous and distrurbed at the same time
When she's quiet it's dangerous. She's either about to explode, start crying, or at her worst, and often screaming on the inside.
Hi Greg: how are you? just stopping by to say hello...i have missed my blogosphere (been working CRAZY...). Happy 2012!
OK, that Blake Griffin dunk was one of the best posterizations EVER...
I second this statement.
Watching a shitty movie by myself
ian even get accepted i got tired of takin that act
they would have nothing to say right? #feedme #petme don't stop lol
So yestetday was 4/20 and a Friday night… I had a fucking 5 hour softball.
Contemplating stimulus effect of NY gay marriage. All those weddings! 8-)
of course I do! Hope everything is good! Have a great week! :)
Two Fiddy Tuesday! Grilled Polish Beef and Regular Beef Sausages for only $2.50! Can't beat that deal with a stick, or bat or a tire iron
W.beyondthescoreboard.net naughty or nice: the have been naughty just cause they fired sparano
I love 92.7 because it reminds me of tally; a part of me has stayed there.
Tells self he's gonna sleep at midnight. Pretty girl posts status, must comment until complete -_- lol
gonna get his ass kicked.
Tru friends are hard to come by...
"wow you really like your hockey team" everyone else in the meeting I was in
aguado! We want you back.
“It Simply IS” Dewarren Moses – I’ll Lick You And Kiss You Like A Lollipop – Available on iTunes, Amazon, and CD Baby * Soul, R&B
Feed the birds. Tuppence a bag.
I can never open my fucking gatorades <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A>
I have to get up at 3:30 in the morning. And I'm exhausted, but not ready to sleep.. If that makes any sense.
It's sad, though. Our profession is also being saturated with folks who have no training, but know how to shock-promote.
Always aim at complete harmony of thought and word and deed. Always aim at purifying your thoughts and everything will be well. - M.G
Twitter contest for journos: Post ur pic of most heinous colleague workspace. The workspace being heinous, not nec the colleague.
NEW!See examples of how HubSpot customers use Facebook fan pages to generate Likes and leads
I wish we got to play in the new district. It's soft other than Skyline and Jesuit.
be strong you are in this situation because you are strong enough for the situation
Aligning plans for a big weekend in Buffalo. Get at me if you will be around.
Nothing is impossible if you don't believe it so.
awesome! thank you very much
oh ok well I appreciate you clearing that up for me ;-) I hope you get laid soon so you can go back to "normal" lol
If a cow laughed, would milk come out her nose?
I'll text you.!
Aw, I am soo happy you're ok!! :)
Plop my fans!! T2day with my friends we talk n we dance the Hip Hop.. Yeah
ive been sick all week with the niro virus it sucks hope u guy dont get it
What up to all my fam, Big things in the makings, The new DNA album is right around the corner!! One love!!
I always get stuck at the really long traffic lights. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+00A5>
np! Would you mind retweeting that Simply, Mine is free today only? Great big thanks!
Thank you and welcome to our newest fan Kanili Jelita!
Feel like having a CONVO ;)
#EverBeenWithABlackGuy? Skin ain't nothing but a color
Men have never loved talking on the phone. This isn't new. We just now have a better way of avoiding it.
u got datz right...
His bat is most definitely lacking, but gotta give credit to Espinosa's glove during his slump.
RT : I was born to 1 birth mother, but I've been blessed w/ many mothers who helped to shape me as a mother. It takes a ...
hahahahaha. Fight it! Fight it!
Thanks sweetie! Hopefully you enjoying the "behind the scenes" of our TV show!
Oh my god im going to las vegas in like 8 hours
remembering my Dad today with alot of tears, wish he was here, wish i could talk to him... and let him know how i love him =*)
Glad to be back on the air.
He's also super cute, which doesn't hurt ;)
yea! i want to huury up and graduate!
DID U REALLY AND HOW DO U FEEL NOW? o wait was still on caps lock haha :D
Caramel macchiato with an extra shot of expresso.... Please help me study!!!
your #WENDYS spot is all over my TV!!
#Portland #trimet #max there's a #delay at Lloyd center until 7am Use the #rosequarter shuttle buses
If you’re about to buy insurance of any kind for the first time or change/add to what you already have, don't sign anything till you call 4M
"They should make a nursing slanket" -- something I said to my sister just now
Having to read a 350 page book on Obama's stimulus plan in 5 days is going to be rough. Good thing Michael Grabell is such a poetic writer.
So I kinda died looking at pic.
I miss that face of yours. I can't wait to see you in a couple weeks. Hope things are going well with you<3
Your welcome
Mama said there'd be days like this.
Brainstorming new cards is so much fun!
Lunch had optional choices and dinner was a buffet and beef isn't exactly "unhealthy!"! (-;
Gorilla crew, FUCK YOU.
GOLDIE - A$AP
Good point. I wonder what my super power will be.
Ever heard of a transformational design firm? is a perfect example. SO glad I got to see their brilliance this week.
I like my people how I like my coffee. I don't like coffee.
": if u say so... (cough)"My boyfriend is literaly half demon like RT
the upside down cross is the Cross of St.Peter. he felt he wasnt worthy to be crucified the same way as Jesus. thus being upside down.
not a bad day to sit on the balcony and stare down at #CityHall in
` let that shit BURN!
Anyone know where I can buy a #Pantone book with perforated chips in Houston or online? I'm not havin' any luck with Google.
would love o go to that Todd!
Glad you enjoyed 'A Rolling Stone'!
Hi, Stef. does the vinyl come with download code for mp3s? Already ordered it, just curious.
done and done!
Great name! Love your vans.
I am totally digging those cufflinks!
So true!!
We're confused not because we don't know what to do. It's because we don't know what we're looking for. #GoodNight Everyone
Tweeting in front of your teacher
it would be 18 hours for me to get to Austin :(
Good to see you again too! & nice to meet you as well... will say hello to Scott for you.
i bet It is! Can't wait to go home... Let's catch up soon on viber
I am a beast i broke night no sleep and got all my work done for biology physics and a few other classes and on top of that handled my essay
yep, he physically looks like he should be a much better hitter & then you see him make such poor contact. Weird.
Yes please. : your bottomless mimosas, free-for-all fruit bar, and amazing/crazy old waitresses...here we come.
What a performance by Bruno Mars with his "Valerie" tribute to Amy Winehouse on VMA's
Still slaving away at the tucc. But tonight is pitchers and pizza night. Boo Yaah!!!
National Teacher Appreciation Day is coming up! Spoiler alert: we will be announcing a significant teacher/student contest!
Right, the place was packed, mainly with adults I noticed.
RT It's Memorial Day weekend - Sis Edna's Jewelry-50% off this weekend. Really beautiful! Proceeds benefit St Ann's Center
Ooh you thought I didn't give a fcuk b4.....well.....
I love you Caleb!
After one month of training, I've lost 6 inches,1.5% body fat, and gained 3 lbs of muscle.
AND IT MIGHT NOW THAT I THINK ABOUT IT.
not funny
Never forget that <U+27A1> HE CAN & HE WILL!!
Was just filmed for uncomfortably long time by dude filming @ catholic charities art show. Have to believe its because he loved my scarf.
These ain't conflict diamonds, is they Jacob? Don't lie to me mane.
Thank you to everyone who made our #NFLDraft Party such a huge success, especially & !
Ok so now we got Free jasons deli at work I think I love this place
You too (:
Sun and 66 on Saturday in Long Beach! It is going to be the perfect weekend to go to the coast. Massive amounts of fun expected w/
Hey #Brewers fans: I've got 2 extra tickets to tomorrow's game behind home plate. Half price. Tweet me.
Rain... Pourin... All my cars is foreign
It's HATE when they call it trash or garbage. If you don't like it, find something else. LASERS and FOTP were gold
It depends on the individual. I do not get bothered very easily. I thought you did a good job of tying it to recruiting.
It's not the fall that kills you; it's the sudden stop at the end.
How u finna be mad at me ? Smh
Wife is coming in less than 2 weeks to #Texas. Haven't seen her since August 2010 b/c of current #US #visa #immigration policy.
Ugh you make me wanna kill you in your sleep sometimes...
Good morning jive turkeys...
So, my new favorite show is Prank My Mom! I am lmbo!! Thankfully my kids are too young to get me lol
I gotta get you some Sorbet!!
RT : Beautiful Service so far..
":Feeling the heat in Pton
ITS SO FUCKING HOT OUT
Every day, it's important to ask and answer these questions: "What's good in my life?" and "What needs to be done?" ~ Nathaniel Branden
1 month & 3 days till i go to #ITALIA :D
and a beacon of wisdom haha
That was
Fucking Mondays. Gonna work my ten hour shift, eat lunch at Arbie's and then I'm going to the movies.
...but these indian niggas on the phone don't be understanding what the fuck i'm tryna to say... already pissed when i gotta call and shit
Drunk...boutta twist one
It starts within change your mental frame and you can achieve anything
Thanx, just a bit of B&D. You look hot yourself...
jaison would drive u crazy bub is always cool give him paper and markers and some nicktoons and hes good!
dave nelson is pimp.
« play fighting turn on #randomthought»
Santorum is getting quite frothy while speaking about border protection.
We have a new server ready - vpn-ds6 OpenVPN SSL server in Washington, D.C. It's available in your customer area now.
but it is funny that no one i've ever met ever wants that either! ;) so why do people become bitter lonely hermits?!? :/
great! I'm hearing good stuff about you from and my teacher mrs. Gossmann. Peace out man!
Ask away :)
is having an opening reception for the new painting exhibition tomorrow at 6:00pm. Free food & wine.
appreciate the RT Neil! Cheers!
You're nuts! :)
Putting ear drops in a Cat's ear is no fun!!
Over-Thinking ruins you! Ruins the situation, twists things around, makes you worry and just makes everything worse than it actually is!!
We wish everyone a safe and happy #laborday holiday! We will see everyone on Tuesday.
I feel confident in my finals. :)
You are welcome. Don't miss our TV giveaway on FB for your fans. Look forward to your tweets.
like a bitch. I screamed twice and it hurts now but I love it.
do you have a sandbox available for testers to play with?
A nap is highly needed for me right now.. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2>
never color coordinate clothes with another man
Different about what?
Tweeting should become a job
okay pretty :)
#Gemini MB guy of the day: Princeton
where u b kickin it @?
Thanks for coming to MJHS today! Check out your interview on our school's facebook page. We wish you all the best!
RT Food is our medicine. Unlock your truth by eating more veggies/fruits combined with a healthy dose of daily exercise
Deucebrand Watch Giveaway..guess the halftime score of this Spurs/Clippers game. Closes one win, last entry accepted at 6min mark RT
Buchanan says there was no specific injury to LA's hip. Chad says it hasn't gotten worse. Just a steady, consistent soreness.
aw, what is up with ur eyes though
CPAC: Incontrovertible proof that conservative evolution peaked during the Eisenhower administration.
That sounds awesome! I just printed it!
“Things work out best for those who make the best of how things work out.” John Wooden
POP! I can't find my #fusebox2012 catalogue! oh. FOUND IT!
There's a Men In Black 3 coming out!!
Can't tell from here, but I sure would love to know what he's listening to!
But I'm Getting Bands$$$$$$$
it's interesting - definitely a one-time watch ... but interesting.
oh heck freaking yes \o/
Spoken again like the jealous miserable fan of all the ETS teams. Glad I'm not on that side of the road.
i missed my tweethearts, how youve been?
My sister-in-law Katie just had a baby boy this morning! (thanks for the RT too btw)
Bitch!! How about I go fuck you up and beat you with a fucking pad lock. U white trash whore. I'm not unemployed. I get checks!!
“: Jay Cutler is out for the season. I hate to see it happen to such a nice guy. #happytrailsbitch Lol
Derrick, you are predictable. I stand by the statement "Live and let live"
15 year old kings are always assholes. I'd just ask for unlimited ice cream
can't wait to get Dan O'Rourke and Oralia Ortega on the Whole Body Vibration machine!
You guys really need to follow us! AND ccome to Houston so we can play a show!!! ;)
Hopefully I don't get any blocked calls tonight <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Have fun in Newport News!
Why thank you Jacette: you also inspire me :)
Who cares about what Herman Cain's parents did or didn't do, thought or didn't think, in the process of brainwashing him? Despicable!
One word to describe Sketchy Black Dog last night --- Inspirational.
A paper about this book called "The Sunflower" its about the Holocaust and forgiveness
LimeWire is considering filtering out pirated content and is hoping to strike a deal with the music industry to be able to sell downloads.
#TerraNova was EXCELLENT!! Mind you, this coming from someone who saw #JurassicPark in the theater 5X (my own personal record).
"This is going to be a very messy experience. This is not like a professional development experience you've ever had." R. Ellis
Saw my brother for 10 minutes total when I was at home this weekend because he was gone volunteering the whole time
everyone else's topics make sense. Mine...I don't think I've ever said anything about shopping. Except just then.
That is true... But may lead down the path RT Marcio_Saito If it is an either-or proposition... I think that is very rare
lmmfao...... #feelings hurt
Leapfrog Explorer Recharger Model 39050 Retail 3999 - leapfrog explorer
It makes me really upset with the fact hardly any of the guys are talking ( Justin, chaz,Christ,Ryan) RT
Heading to San Francisco this weekend what are some "Must Have" breweries and beer spots to visit?
It is beautiful outside!
Is watching the Valentine's snow and thinking of her far away lover. Happy Valentine's Day!
Classic! RT Ask for R. Felton at the Indigo RT : Anyone in PDX played the "choking game"? Looking to talk on camera w/u today
Hello Ponyride! Hope all the ventures are doing well!
yes when it comes to food your super greedy lol
WRIC Richmond News and Weather - Ecuador convicts man in US double murder - WRIC
"There never was a great soul that did not have some divine inspiration." ~ Marcus Tullius Cicero
They Might Be Giants at Bonnaroo? I might have to go this year.
Oh cool, just sittin' with Claire on her bed(: & watchinn' wizzards of waverly place(:
Biggest Raider fan in SD! You'd love me too though!
If that where me, their would be a person in the hospital. >;3
www.livemixtapes.com
Should we get a tattoo today? Yes or No
#imagine you are at this party and you are dancing when Liam comes from behind u and pulls u closer to his body and you have a dirty dance
Awesome! WE'll see you soon!
lol, someONE's grumpy this morning! #SpringForward ;-)
hmm. Was wakefield on the staff all year?
Chelsea vs AC Milan at Sun Life on July 28. Should be fun.
ive been on lavell crawford for like 7 years now!! he definetly was the FUNNIEST ever until kevin hart
Hey Agatha! Thanks for the follow back!
Tonight is the big PREMIERE of Évocateur: The Morton Downey Jr. Movie. And it is sold out!
writing at Coco cafe in nashvegas today--never again. it smells like a porta john in here. gag.
sometimes it's a good sign when you are on the wrong side of unfairness
West side front train full. Back train has room.
Why is Microsoft Outlook telling me that "turds" is not a word?
SCHOOL SOON- ARRRGGHHH!.
[We live. We learn. We grow] Stay committed to your decisions, but stay flexible in your approach. -Tony Robbins
Yes the only two haha
My blackberry is a complete piece of debris. 90's technology was really cool- back then ;)
A7 I build trust by being unafraid to be who I am, and unafraid to show who I am to all
I see you are working on getting those heads down into the goal.. :-p
keeps favoriting all my stuff about boobs. Swag.
oh yeah. that's not far from where I lived. I, was in perry hall, whitemarsh. I thought that was howard cty up there.
Please note: Categories are listed alphabetically, and within each category individual quotes are in no particular order
That moment when you're so tired that you are afraid to fall asleep... Cause you're not sure you will wake up on time...
Everybody poops . Even Drake
Z call me when Pauly D shows up.
Always do right. This will gratify some people and astonish the rest. Mark Twain
In six weeks! It's crazy -- sometimes I feel like I just got here!
might be a date
more #legs please :)
When I could find on twitter JUSTIN BIEBER exactly,tanks.
Cumberbatch is Khan? WTF? What was he genetically engineered for? Lankiness? Pastiness?
I don't know if it's a blessing or one of the world's greatest injustices that Lester Bangs never had to deal with blog comments.
Q2 Another marketing suggestion is keep them focused - what specific topic do you want to address? Nothing too broad!
I know!!! Crazy. #Saints are blowing it.
The Enterprise car rental place we just left was the kind of place that gets parodied in shows like The Office. Except it was way sadder.
Smart Phone user get my new Android Application for free, just go to your Market, type in Will Ready and download, It's as simple as that.
lol thanks for informing me
Happy Tuesday everyone! It's supposed to hit 70 degrees today! Hopefully we can all get outside and enjoy it!
#almost got supended for being out of uniform in a #puBlic school
in front of general session cde for chocolate and elearning adventure/discussion. Need energy through sweets
Yes, it was terrific! Was it the grand opening for Gomez? Is Arts & Trees a regular thing, or was this the 1st time?
RT RT : Fearing god and nothing else.
is on fire!! Go
I hate it when people just linger around me.
gave me an epic BATMAN story that I keep in my pillowcase. Bring on SUPES!
if I were smart, I would have done that, lol! Thanks for the shot of confidence!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Whee indeed! Congrats and have fun!
In honor of the recent fire at his studio - "Tyler Perry's I Can Do Titties All By Myself."
Luv my Kindle Fire!
I love her omelettes.
I'll stop being a Directioner when one direction stops being gay
Review: NetZero&#39;s free 4G mobile data for Grand Rapids comes with limitations
Was there a lady drafted in the WNBA from here today?
at least I'm not gay
Raining in LA and enjoying reading, in a green jacket. Happy St. Patrick's day!!!
I retweet so many of 's tweets
It's such a trip seein like 55 year old men buyin a bag then hittin the bong
#Spurs 26 #Hawks 21 end of first quarter - Manu ended it with an awesome drive! #GoSpursGo!
On the plane to DC. First leg of my trip to Ethiopia.
he said he just wanna lift today so I'll c u next time
I will be very happy to reach 30 seconds after 10:33 PM tonight...
The Vow was amazing!!!!!
#ItsHardTo let go of the thing you wanted most
I wasnt looking for this but now your in my way
Warm bed + cold apartment = getting up with 15 minutes to get ready for work
bad dm me
Foodspotting is the best app I've downloaded so far.
Dear quaker state, will you please send me oils and lubricants vital to vehicular survival ++ Roky Erickson
U comin in town this weekend?
i never look for a handout
the truth.
Turns out Alex has strep. Sounds bad, but really quick and easy to deal with. Thanks amoxycillin!
I'm in a button-sewing daze.
I am now a member of Bellarmine University's Dance Team :)
Funny show tonight.
Thanks Rochelle. As a lefty, I am both invigorated by and terrified of this article.
“: Took some friends to for their first time. Last night was hilarious !”<nice!
Ha, that is SO funny. My former supervisor is the COO there! Do you know her?
and we're out of that inning...ouch.
Thanks for sharing the PSA.
I'm willing to do anything to keep our relationship standing strong <U+E418><U+E003>
Sandy soil + Wisconsin River + Global Warming = flooding
Happy to head back to my sweetie in Seattle, but sad to leave such a dynamic community. Thank you for an incredible week.
Improv Rule: Don't ask questions. Be the expert, know everything about your scene.
“we tell ourselves stories in order to live.” <U+2015> joan didion
Demo at Sat 3/3 1pm! Eat cookies to raise $$ for Foundation providing #microcredit loans to women entrepreneurs!
ATTENTION: IM GOING TO INTERNATIONALS!!
itss okay. what language do you speak ?
The library will not know what to do with me this week, so busy will I be with creating the hopes and dreams of imaginary people.
I will try to set one up tomorrow
Stuff I. Hear at work "E-N-T-L-Y...Out I Said!!"
thanks for the lovely review!!
not just yet but I will n a couple of months k.i.t
Is it weird to compliment a guy on his tongue? Like in a non-sexual way?? Lol
Vulnerability is strength, but we have to find our voice first.
Told you!! JJ beasted on that dude. Loved it. And Reid telling the paramedic what to do. Haha
hey what's up?
Imma spread my fun out so my life don't get too boring too fast.
Invertual Launches New Interactive Investor/Entrepreneur Matchmaking Services
Countdown to Derby day !
Trying to come up with album name. So far Dookie 2 and Best of Bread & Butter are in the running.
Why do everyone's families like me more than their own children?
Alicia Keys x Unbreakable
Thanks for the follow!
Cello Green is a confident swagalicious trip! Wow! He works that look boy! Watever the hell that look is called? Obese sequin jumper, any1?
The fact that I had to wake up and put clothes on to come to the school just pissed me off.
The reverse side also has a reverse side. ~ Japanese Proverb
The HMS Tamar has towed the last hulk away before it was submerged. This not leaves a portion of the Hog Island Channel exposed.
Get his tatts up tattoo my name on you so I know its real Or tattoo my name on you if you dumb as hell
Super excited Jackie brought me Nom Noms!!!
wow. What a crybaby. No class as always.
how do those wranglers fit? Did you find your cowboy hat?
uh it's interesting enough to lose that beer gut faggot lol
Much Respect to for" Where is Your Brother?" and Malice too.
why? just, why?
Bed you never felt so awesome as you do now
Your POSITIVE your going to wear them? I dont want to show up there by myself in shorts and knee socks looking like and idiot
Yes! Of course. No hinting needed. I'd love that! re: Would love to interview you sometime for my new blog!(hint hint!)
What a INT baby GO PACK GO 920
Rich Is For The Moment Wealthy Is ForEver!.
great idea..
wait what?
Tune in to #PTL today for your chance to win Cirque Du Soleil Michael Jackson Immortals tickets - we'll see you at 9am!
#Top100Lies I don't listen to Odd Future
Absolutely not
My lover I miss you!!!
Hands down the best bean soup I've ever made. I scare myself sometimes.
Lets toy around:
Doesnt even know i exist...
You are embarrassing yourself & #omla. When she tweets about US being unprofessional, she is referring to YOU. Pls.
ok...you will tweet me but not text me back...haha haha haha..what the eff haha..
Think I'll make some breakfast
lol were mom and them
Room And board housing for clients suffering from mental health disabilities.
My only wish is that would follow me :D
where the hoes at
Listening to LOVE PT I & II whilst playing old school Zelda on Wii.
And then they throw away the whole bag when I gave it back.. That could be fed to poor animals or the homeless! Fuckin idiots
Sorry I failed you, sensei. was too quick on the draw!
RT : I hope I can grow up someday to be a passive-aggressive, micromanaging middle manager at a library. They *always* have jobs.
Np nd omg we should of :p
Haha! No, I still have plenty.
That's all u got? Your really un-educated.
Brett likes to put his hands on the steering wheel likes he having tea with the queen lol
Now they upstairs "doing it"
Misread a "Badass Chick" bumper sticker as "Badass Chimp". I should have known a badass chimp would never drive a KIA Forte.
When helping job seekers, it's important not to waste energy duplicating services provided by other agencies or organizations.
REGISTER AT THE EXPO AND WOW!! Free golf/range balls courtesy So Suburban Parks n Rec just for starters!!!!
I have to agree with you! I'll start thinking more like a Brit! :)
Almost 5pm and our lucky day for shooting at Madison Square Park. Sound guy has to lv soon so will need to wrap earlier than planned
that was the highlight of the dinner (and was technically for 2 people!)
I need to go! I see and our very own are both speaking.
if i ever go missing, i want my picture on a beer bottle rather than a milk carton, because i want fun people to find me...
Ah! You're not really going to make me pick just one are you?!
Horford was the same dude that showed the Ali doc to the #hawks in '08, prompting quite the series.
it's 's birfday. Shout out to you and good luck w your attempts not to celebrate. ;)
“: I just sneezed and punched myself in the eye trying to cover my mouth. Awkward.” ROFL!!!
Good morning world
hahahahaha idk what to say to that
"The elite have been inbreeding for far too long."
Whenever you are baby
Dear Camel Crush quit with the mini poster, screws up my wrapping of plastic in foil to make a neat throw away ball
That awkward moment when its 4/20 and uptown is filled with potheads
we're done feeling this way.
likes male bats because they're gay.
Have people follow me ? (;
I love my mom
Your stuff sounds great! Which #pinkfloyd album was most influential on you?
Right back atcha :)
The world loves you man! Welcome home (Africa). Do your thing tomorrow....and put done pics in , lol...I #warriors. 1Love
However, still debating a boy name.
I was Walkin through home depot and someone shit in one of the toilet on display
Looking for comfort and style? Try our nike air sole shoes!!
Hunger games was very good.
& no matter how much too much is never enough. Maybe cause we're crazy in love
You sure know how to put me in a good mood
The AD is gone, but not cleaned out: the techie found almost 1,000 unfiled docs on her computer leaving a huge mess.
well why are you not in school?
My body luvs the silks and trapeze and awesome teacher today tomorrow I sure will b sore n cussing
juice fast!
Good morning <U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Who is excited for #kylestock 2011!?!?
May 24th at The Box Office! :)
Thank God for the rain...'Cause tonight, we go hog hunting!!
Played like crap way to start season off
's dad is singing in the car lol
C.E.O.'s to Celebrities check us out at www.bcnconcepts.com
Showcase your art here to promote your work. Don't wait...
WEE Showcase & Fun want a booth 7/30 9am -1pm get ur app weesandiego.com it is worth it!!!!
But what is happiness except the simple harmony between a man and the life he leads? -Albert Camus
RT : RT : Time to put on our big boy pants and get some sh*t done! I am legion, I am
I walk like this cuz I can back it up. I talk like this cuz I can back it up <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
Just saw #ghostthemusical was fierce as always ! Yes girl!
follow back please
Generally a director will only give that short of notice for film when they are familiar with the actor's abilities accentwise
Having a hard time deciding if my current poker downswing or scramble with friends downswing is bothering me more..
RT Follow Turkey and Friends official Twitter account, we follow you back =]
On my way 2 da beach;-) can't wait!!!
haha some songs yes ^^
RT : RT : A great reason to Shop Small! says shopping at local biz keeps twice as much money in the community.
At the kalahari ! Finna kill pizza though ( ;
• Well you keep score at games. That should count for a lot. Can I ask how old you are?
Feeling sick again :(
My sister punk ass just gone drop off her kids here. And I gotta be some fuckin where... Ugh
TweetDeck does that rate limit which really sucks LOL
J.J. Abrams has rediscovered the magic of 70s/80s Spielberg! Note to J.J.: please do NOT grow up! :)
We aim to delight!
Interesting to see what US Afghan relation would look like from 2014. I am interested in the archaeology of that country.
Going to a party!
I love The Beach. The movie, yes, but the place, too : )
No never kick that rock, and move like a sack o' taters.
Anybody reading Stieg Larsson's books? What fun they are to read.
Not to mention, this will be the last time we will see most of these special players in a UK uniform.
gotcha gotcha
driving is where it all begins, Sam. He's on the road to being a pimp! I'm proud of him.
carma is a bitch so i hope that bitch dont do me to bad,lol
google paid me $100 today. tv hasn't ever paid me a dime.
careless. You need to to take better care of that
That awkward moment when you realize every house has a particular smell, but you can't even smell the one at your house.
I Officially Moved Papers No More Blunts : )))
Unfollow this page now it got hackd follow me
thanks for following Better Wine Guide, now following you too! I'll stop in when I'm in the city next - menu looks great!
In the height of fear and doubt is when we grow the most. The hard part is diving in. #movetowardthefear #conquer #nevergiveup”
hey where'd ya go?? I miss our tweets!!!!
Challenge to step 1 - The search for identity is a false barrier. Act!
2 words: SPELL CHECK. If one more jabroni tweets how OBAMA is dead instead of OSAMA I will personally revoke your TV Privledges (minus CNN).
Me & Nino finna snap on this beat.
That was not a tweet I admire.
Sure hands this drive, bud.
I can't believe my friend Melissa is jumping out of plane today and for that reason it will totally be blogged about.
When you come to a spot just being thankful for where you are...content in all things at the moment..that's a good place to be!
Good morning world ....another day another dollar ...
boise state continues to try and haunt the university of hawaii in every aspect...does that count?
for a woman it ain't easy tryin to raise a man You always was committed A poor single mother on welfare, tell me how ya did it
Beautiful! We love it! What a great location for a beautiful wedding on the bay! Thanks again!
are they gone? Id like one!
Today's podcast for the show will be available shortly before 1pm. In the meantime, takes you until 3.
Welcome to Twitter, cuz.
Bachmann ... you are a moron my dear.
ENGAGED????? Where have I been? Congratulations! So happy for you both!
wow, he's crazy!!!
“Experience, travel – these are an education in themselves.” ~Euripedes
lol but I agree. I was looking ratchet today!
can't wait to hear your magic! Have a beautiful day
#FF Follow -- Covering Central Florida, Daytona Beach, Orlando
lol, LOVE it!
u are a very special person I LUUV your music and i cant wait to meet in person one day!:)
Space Selection for IPC APEX EXPO 2013 Set to Bloom in May
#confession I have a step dad, but I'm happier with him than I ever was with my father.
So I'm Guessing Trey Songz & Kelly Rowland Hooking Up Now? . . . They Ain't About That Life
Sometime I wonder what runs through people's minds when they tweet something...
#IslamMadeMeRealise how to act justly, love mercy & walk humbly.
Fml. I hate you Boston weather.
"When I left you, I was but the testee, now I am the test administrator." Vader reflects on growing up
Great teaching point!
I'm going to live on the beach with my ukulele and sing songs about the clouds<U+270C><U+2601>
i'm gonna miss your braces so much, no :(
Thank you so much girl! Remind me to tell you about my injury lol
living it
Very interesting, Lila! Good fodder for some other blogger I know.
Didn't read the whole arc (will pick up TPB), but I loved the finale of #SpiderIsland. Takes a lot for me to add a Marvel book to the pile.
Excited to have call backs for my new webseries tormorrow! Getting closer:)
come to Akron and give this little girl her last wish show people that u care
Patrick Swayze died?!?
>> My pleasure Steve. Anytime.
- LOL...incredible. Haha. Such a fun trip though...even if Alex hated every waking moment of it. Lol
Baby What The Fuck Wrong With Them !
wore his natural hair too.
I get to see your amazing boyfriend in concert in 83 days :) xx
Dragons understand themselves more than they admit.
Such a fun night w/ at
What are your #Saturday plans?! Let us know and win a free signed #cd!
oh k
Thanks for liking Booksicals Neelima and Jurate! Hope you have a happy new year and enjoy reading with your family!
Thanks for the follow
No one can see right now. We need him on a #smashbrothers track.
Why did I have to meet you ? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
i am hungry ~
couldn't DM you, but I'm in town those dates & schedule is relatively open, so let me know what might work for you.
sweet hugs, Lisa
stranded on campus til 10pm. i need a nap.
Steve Futterman to talk bout Metta World Peace suspension at 6:05 NW Sports tonight
It was all in the plan to start the third set ahead.
“: lmao steve was so dissapointed when he realized he gain 13 pounds in a month” hahaha <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
The first band song is 'Dead or Alive' and they rocked it ;-)
dont feel like doing this homework i had all weekend to do..oh well not doing it.
Girls who dated trashy guys
Listen to The London Suede.
Looking into building my own DVR, any suggestions out there?
but they only serve that in Canada. Rehor lives in the U.S.
Can't forget the Biebs! but him with Selena just hurts me so I decided to leave him out :)
Support Ur Local Indepent Clothing Line My Dude
Yeah just read the article...Looks like he's the most qualified...guess will see what happens
TY! : bummer that we won't see you but kudos on doing something for a very worthwhile cause! for a Cure
awww.. I think I'm the lucky one.
You can't expect me to be fine, I can't expect you to care.
Sure you do
Thanks for waiving back to my son u made his day ..
Not looking forward to be stuck at Funslides all day.
Keep it Classy Never trashy But just a liddo nasty <U+2665>
How bout them tigers?
RT - The Washington Nationals have the best record in baseball (18-5) since May 31st
hello talk to me
YEAH! YEAH! YEAH! When I loaded a couple of new pictures yesterday, my Easter pics magically appeared on the card! I have them!!!!
Keen On... Audience: Why Fans Are The Real Future Of The Music Business (TCTV)...
Newt is a boot
The only thing more annoying than grandparents baby talking, is having to hear them do it in French
My mother always told me,if I cant' say anything nice, don't say anything at all...and some people wonder why I'm so quiet around them
I haz exites!!! So many!!! Everyone should go to Chicago to see !!! #!!!
#running in the rain, refreshing way to start the day!
Can't wait to see how the world's angriest human being Bob Knight spins this Kentucky win.
I can't wait to start bumping that track in my ride around the hoods lol
": Volunteer callout! Grad students for University Library advisory committee. #slisindy #libraryschool #IUPUI" ask me! I know!
yeah a spray tan is pretty natural
Power of cat.: increase resource use, prevent dup. purchases (save $!), title-level access to EVERYTHING.
...the GOP platform is wishey washey and certainly not Teariffic!!!
Ocean ref <U+2600>
Official Hotel Partner Mr & Mrs Smith Rooms can be booked from Fri Sept 23-Sat 15 Oct 800 464 2040 & mention SCOPEMIAMI 2 check availability
WE ALL KNOW HOW TO SAY IT, CAMERON
Looks like my time on the #solopr chat will be shorter than I'd hoped. I guess I'll try again next week. :(
When someone close to u dies... move seats
Can't wait for Friday's episode! I hear you're the recipient of the Christmas visitor...
More #FF love! Thank you!
70 degrees today pre spring!! Gotta look Get ready for those short - shorts
...and when u get urself kidnapped by some mountain man.....I, will have to come and rescue u...???!
This bitch looks like that one bitch from highschool.... What a bitch
On to with to drop off their new lunch items!
okay you guys can watch dancing with the stars with me! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0083>
THIS ARE DREAM ....lets make it reality
how did you know that was my first name? Creepy.
Why is WKNR able to carry it? I like your station but you are forcing all the transplant Clevelanders to listen on KNR.
My shirt is so pretty
ahahahaha!! I remember that episode! It was my favorite. <3
twitter keep waking me up with notifications
"Leadership consists not in degrees of technique but in traits of character; it requires moral rather than athletic or intellectual effort."
lol it was great. And then Phoebe "ah, I didn't know u were in LOVE. I thought u were just doing it."
Food Truck Thursdays tomorrow?
I'll try to get in touch soon. My fiance's mom just got into town today from NJ so tied up for next couple weeks.
I aspire to do the same!
We're big fans and we'd love to make tattoos for you!
Don't think that's full song. Sounds like 2 snippets mashed up. This only has 2 verses in repeat w no bridge. unfinished-ish
#Followback If we #Follow you. We need you so we can get more #freedom 2 the
it's well appreciated!
"I like it, I love it, I want some more of itt..."
I'm not sure who would be best to beat Barack Obama, so I went with the person I think I would be the better president.
I'm perfected through the Love of Jesus..marinate on that.
Congratulation’s to our March 2012 Ohio Lottery 2nd Chance Drawing Winner – Fred Villao of N. Royalton , Ohio!
LA Here I Come!
My God, hearing "my days are numbered" routine is relatable & rough. Not sure if I'm inspired to retire or go into standup.
Ready to hit the streets in Austin for SXSW! Hope to meet the crew
Mine to but I looovvveee roc he's so special to me I just love everything about him
I hope you had a Great Christmas! I love you!<3
What are you doing on this beautiful day??
really video?? Lol
What should I name my fish?! I got two new ones.. Hopefully they stay alive -_-
Money won't create success, the freedom to make it will.~ Nelson Mandela
u r stuch a dug dug
RT : Nightwatchman/Ben Harper/The Roots rocking Jimmy Fallon tonite!
yeah I'll be there on Thursday
I've already posted two introductory blogs. You'll find them at www.shoredesign.net.
Awesome! I will definitely contact you about that!
Please pray for London.
Can we say 1426 Academy and Rip The Runway
What if I replaced my heart with an excel spreadsheet years ago?
Scot and Sherri say hi :)
sorry that's to say, if Ben really wants to do that... And thank you for coming both of those times.
One tee shirt per whore. I am sure they'll look positively fucking radiant in "Diablo 3" attire.
Thanks for the story and mention!
Although we could see some afternoon thundershowers this afternoon in the metro, I think we'll stay dry for the #Foodtruckforecast hours!
So. Tired. And hungry! NOMNOMNOM
I played basketball with ms serrano today lmao
I'm the only one who puts major stock into post-game press conferences? Oh, ok.. I can understand that, I suppose.
Is that like restless leg syndrome but more aerobic?
An entertaining evening of card tricks in the parlor.
Starring out the window thinking damn I hate rain.....
Wiener's Circle is on tonight :)))
You as well. Long-lost family, maybe? Family came from Poland. Irishman misspelled at Ellis Island. From KY. Hubs from NJ!
Today is already not my day.
Freaking making fun of Justin's body when he's sitting behind a screen making fun of a millionaire prob fat as fxck. :*
Last expo day at #HIMSS12 about to start! Stop by booth 4635 & see our handwriting recognition & automatic indexing software!
I like a broad that can bag hoes
yay the brownies are finished
Are you a Sox fan?
Friday!! Friday!! Gotta get down on Friday!! Everybody's havin fun at
Want to hug Meaghan for her hard work today! It paid off in spades! I'm so thankful to have you on the team! YOU ARE MY HERO!
Running another 4+ miles after the race of my life wasn't the smartest I just finished a 4.34 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
honey you need to slow down on these fudge sundaes!! You were my motivation! Lol Are you ok?
I love your #Imagine tweets, and I'm a #Mindless freak! lolz SMH
#comcast PLEASE HELP!!!! I entered my account # 10 times, told it 10 times to a rep, and 2 service ticket scheduled for a simple move...
we forget patientslikeme & other such platforms can't do this out of "goodness of the heart"
The moon is gorgeous over Nashville tonight!
Bari sax is my favorite instrument in #JazzBand (Don't tell the rest of the band.)
Why would anyone?
What did #ClarkGriswold get as a bonus in Xmas Vacation? Answer :JAM OF THE MONTH CLUB !
Working for the weekend
I know of no more encouraging fact than the unquestionable ability of man to elevate his life by conscious endeavor. Henry David Thoreau
Ever hear of "Doubting Thomas"? Our UU minister said he was probably a Unitarian!
Pleasure to be in your 'tworld.'. Thanks for the follow!
Tweeting late at night means piles become poles. I must admit that "poles of work" is an interesting notion. Perhaps even painful.
But I bet most of them got in if they were stellar on paper.
his main bitch on twitter tellin me im the shit thats the same told him that he want shit
100,000 sperm and you were the fastest?
wow, that's really cool.
first name last name
I hate when people think i subtweet them. Like 3/4 of my tweets are directed to no one.
We've just secured a speaker for this month, but are always looking for future events. Drop us a line:
Just like the clouds my eyes will do he same if you walk away...<U+2665>
Hey! You should follow me because your perfect and you would do that for me ;) <3.. BUT PLEASE IVE BEEN TRYING EVER SINCE!!
Wait From What Im Seeing ..* Mean That She Done *Even Change Her Name !* Cool Money !.
Krystal, please help us get rid of the electoral college - so EVERY vote counts! Don't you agree it must go?
All children are fragile and need us...esp our #specialneeds #kids and #teens!
Once you go Skyline, you'll never go back... Granted, it's not Texas chili, but still addictive!
Great chatting with creative Tweeps at
Thanks! RT : Welcome Good things come in small packages. Local festival all inclusive, just right. Well done.
It was nice knowing you.
Prizes include footware, styling, and gift certificates.
Somebody at Information keeps wrongly giving people my org's phone number. Who do I contact to fix it??
Windows programming positions in CA. Kernel a plus, multithreaded, file systems and graphical UI. email resume for confidentiality to johnp…
yikes! For sure!
ehh, I bet that's how they "great" all fans to the beautiful Toyota Park lol
he's good.
my old best friend is texting me again! this is new...
The trouble with most people is that they think with their hopes or fears or wishes rather than with their minds. - Will Durant
There is something amiss Still my confession draws you near
it may be because of my addons
we will all smell of booze ;)
i fall asleep every night&wake up every morning just hoping one day you will notice me. but yet nothing has happened..)':8
Ugh! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AA> I hope I get better tomorrow because I'm hopefully going around Austin with my sis because she doesn't have work tomorrow night <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089>
it would have to be someone we have no clue that's available... a rondo maybe? God I hope they not thinking of trading dirk
Maybe that's why I've been listening to the Thug Life CD since I got home from work.
The Tide sure is rolling today! Hoping the Gators can come back and WIN the SEC Championship!
“: Wife: "You should hang your diplomas in your office." Me: "I'm a professor, not a dentist."” Love this!
thanks for the follow hello from Columbus Ohio :-) hope all is well
Pinarius~ As thou hast sown so shall thou reap.
I can add Jealous, envious, in awe. RT : Looking back over today's notes. The more I hear about PURR, the more enamored I am.
Oh it was ridiculous, and I ended up "hanging up" on "Alicia" after saying I'm going with another company. WTF. GAAAAAAH.
I have indeed.. Luckily I have a sexy picture of you pulling your pulling face so I haven't forgotten it.. I might have to
I can't keep a straight face!
So, did you ever find out whose Bernays proposal was chosen? Just curious : )
I feel like Titanic 3D was released so that everyone can finally let loose the bits they've been sitting on for the last 15 years.
Dont limit yourself. Many people limit themselves to what they think they can do.
word. I wanna be THAT good
#Draft Day!!!
New years in Seattle! with and mundo.
What size t-shirt do you wear? M 38-40 or L 42-44?
don't forget to use the glass. Now have you installed the JHigh triangle set yet? Really suited your game to never post up.
I wanna slap my moms boyfriend in the face sometimes. That douchebag is not my dad, he cant tell me what to do.
All these white widow spider in my head its crazy
I've lost weight!!! Yay!! I'm down to 185 from 202..
omg thats amazing may i please be in it? when are you meeting them?
Good to know one of my exes isn't a druggie freak now. Kids these days <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
Leading worship this week in the IB with the worship team!!! Yayyyy!
Eau de toillete is the
The Pacers will play the Magic on Saturday. We're printing more Playoff shirts on Friday!
Let's just be silent for awhile and listen to the radio. Which station do you want: Adele, Gotye, Katy Perry, Bieber, or Rihanna?
"i can't even spell my name, how would I get a doctorate?!"
<U+2606> "Love someone that loves you more than loving anyone who doesn't love you back." <U+2606>
is it weird watching yourself on TV?
omg. stfu, you're turning me on.
Gimmie That ~ Chris Brown
lol so random is soo weird
I'd be so happy to see Breaking the Waves on It's one of von Trier's best, and I had to see it on a crappy, non-anamorphic DVD
Exactly. We may not transition tomorrow, but that doesn't mean you should teach for the day when we will.
Who is on tumblr? Send me your URL & I will follow you there.
Has NO words… #MarchMadness Congrats #NSU, you played a hell of a game.
On my solo shit keeping my circle small she right in my grill
Eating Mexican watching the snow
I love you like a fat kid loves cake! Thanks for making my birthday amazing:) you are the best!!!
Apparently happy hour is illegal in Alaska
let the registration refresh your page a million times game begin!
Have you been to salt fire and time since they opened their general store? Gluten free goodness (and some of our pastries).
you predicted at start of season that the Pack will lose in NFC Ch but make to SB following year. Still think that?
want me to tell you who wins
very nice gallery....
man! We will look into getting it!
aww thanks- I'm fine! Unfortunately homesickness happens- part & parcel of living abroad. But still love it here in NY ; )
Must commend you on a well designed site. Solid work.
This weather is perfect. I need some pool time!!
so what are you trying to say?
That #mcdonalds breakfast was either the best thing or the worst...my stomach hates me...but it was so good!!
The average child starts school reading 39 books per year. This goes down to 6 books a year by high school.
Sunset in Berkeley
I will follow if you follow me and
Abundance is not something we acquire. It is something we tune into. ~
Promises? at this level? RT : #WHL: Cam Reid left #SCSU for promised first line action with Winterhawks - It lasted one month
I like dat
This 4/20, I'm working on a project about holograms. For school. I swear.
Going offline for awhile. Love all my fans. xx A
#YouCuteAndAllBut you got fat knees.
When boys make you feel beautiful, <U+2665>
Does anybody have dialogue with other parents about media consumption before sending their kid over?
we're looking forward to hearing from you!
eh I'm alright I guess lol, what about you?
Would be great to see all 4 teams qualify for the #CAA playoffs. I wonder if any other league school can boast that. Perhaps I'll research.
but we also stated that mordecai and rigby are way funnier. which is true.
Thank you for the mention! Have an amazing weekend!!
Someone should DM me their # bc I need someone to txt
“: My boss mom reminds me of ”hopefully in a good way lol :)
No she isn't, end of this. & haha I bet everyone has the same problem ;) but we have to study though xo
jc western will ship any where in the USA call 561-684-7331 today to see whats on 50% off sale
Hey DC wonks: What time will the Obama admin birth control compromise hit the federal register?
#ThingsKidsDo make a mess
I will always love him more than anyone else..
Always good hanging with you girl!
For reasons that may not be clear at the moment... you are right where you need to be at this point in time. It's your life's journey.
Yeah if shes nurtured she cant get her period haha
are u home schooled or something? lol
Sabbath angel's afternoon mi good frens...
Awww, haha. I'm great, thanks for asking! ;D
will you follow me??
Dying my hair jet black this week :x
You go! RT : good nap. shower and then cranking out an essay!
no, I thing the producers did.
Now following >
And is good for those kind of yuks as well.
I haven't had a chance to yet! I saw some photos and the food + company looked amazing :)
i LOVE #HenryFordMuseum! i cannot wait to go there very soon!
I missed you! I can't wait to see you soon :)
People don't mess with me because word on the street is I own three swords
If you?re pressed for time, just step faster (burning still more calories and giving yourself quite a workout in the process)
Playing the hornets at 1pm
happy birthday!
Yeah, guess ill wait to get my domain later and get a new one :( rager, not sure yet but son. swing by anytime!
Come chill with us on fourth ave?
Goodmorning Austin<3. My Birthday is tomarrow and I have been trying so hard to get a happy birthday from you:)
This election coverage by has been absolutely hilarious!
try to fake three laughs in an hour - ha ha ha ha ha - they'll take you away, man
I just love the feeling of being loved by someone, it's pretty amazing. all i have to say is happy days are here again :)
Thank you for the follow! S/O
Congrats to Volpatt Const., winner of Building Excellence Award for Renovation Const. over $10M AND Excellence in Craftsmanship - Interior!!
Yes subway! Guac!
can you just give me one hard tweet???please
Enjoyed "Why it's hard to invest sensibly"...a realistic assessment for the average investor...thanks in advance if you follow back!
GOAL! BLUES WILL WIN THIS!
he was moving around! Lucky I even got that
alright, last year was better tho!
Thank you to everybody who came out today to support BASIC NWFL, Inc.!!
Watching the #NASCAR prerace show on fox.
lol hell yea right on time lol....
Will do. Agree with games being tailored to content and learners, but can't expect all instructors to learn programming.
rise to the top !
Thanks for the RT! Hope you're having a wonderful week :-)
Congrats on your #GoldenCricket for Best Ensemble, Well-deserved.
Just signed a lease for a killer house in Palm Desert. Beers by the pool anyone?
great car
At the touch of love, everyone becomes a poet. -Plato
miserable! Hope they make a decision soon!
According to the chinese 888 is a lucky number. I was born august 24th august is the 8th month, three 8s equal 24. does that make me lucky?
possible secret love (or lust) interest in BM? How rude? We cant expect folk 2b respectful of our op/interests even n 2012.smh
Have a safe trip.
your welcome France.
I'm looking for the way out before I get in...
Better I was signed by a hollywood agent yesterday
the future?
got my laptop c:
moms day gift? Picnic brunch at ocean? I like experiences Or what about a yoyo, some bubbles and a kite. Let's go play!
So,i was driving to school and passed a guy with his steering wheel on the right side instead of the left...
I hate going to the gym this late. Damn uncooperative children.
I still havent watched that damn movie.. i'll try now.
There's nothing like a left handshake to make me wonder why your weird
I am hungry :(
Austin Rivers is going to go off tonight. Winter Park in the house!
When was the Flyers last cup?
So true !
Watching Con Air. Can't get over Nick Cage's accent! I don't get it!
we're excited 4 LB Street Food Fest sat. 7/24! & more! www.lbstreetfoodfest.com
Thanks for the shout out! Have a great day.
Welcome to the Pack, Nick Perry.
come by our booth 2496 for cappaccino and coffee cake...YUM!
Harsh! Can't we all just get along? Sorry ur feeling this way. DM us if you need help w/ur issue.
hope you make it through good
WE hope so too. :-) Introduction: WE have a great #SocialCommerce platform & a rapidly growing network of small businesses.
Moving day today!! We can't wait to show off our new Chandler facility!
Sign of the apocalypse? Speaker retweets #askobama "where are the jobs?" Think the WH twitter team expected that?
It's funny when you tweet a bunch of angry stuff then the next tweet is about food. Being angry makes me hungry <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+009F><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00A6><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00A7><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0093>
Nice! Looking forward to meeting you!
It was a play on words, and both are true. lol
go look for one loser now
Watched #DetourPosse last night. You guys are even more amazing than the last time. Thanks 4 bringin da #riddims and good #vibes for V Day.
oh man, this is awful for you poor MW classes this term!
RT : A strong Main Street supports a vibrant community. Support your community. Shop Downtown. Shop Independent.
"Academic" panels in the am, Public Hist panel in the pm--fitting for this US/Public History PhD student.
we're getting excited for spring break! where will you be heading next week?
I'm looking to cast one more supporting role in "Last Breath" must be hispanic/female/21-26 NY/NJ Based. *fluent in spanish a +
Thank you for the follow!!
I'm converting my youth dvpt TV program into a non-profit; how do you ask ppl to be on your board of directors? just ask?
The end of wisdom is to dream high enough not to lose the dream in the seeking of it. - William Faulkner
Thank You to all U.S. Armed Forces Veterans!
My teacher is crazy, she took me out of the room >:(
I know?! Right?!
Welp.. I Guess she was in that #YOLO Moment ...
I might get a few things, but I'm bummed because my friend lost my green fresh glasses :(
Thank you Samuel!! RT : happy mothers day !
ZO Skin Health
I think Red Sox PR will ask Wake to throw out the first pitch on Opening Day..That will be pretty special..
Ladies Entry just $5 ALL NIGHT LONG! EVERY WEDNESDAY! Also, CHRISTMAS PARTY TONIGHT!!
i should really do my homework... lol thats what advisory is for.
you two gossiping about me while I sleep?! lol it's true though, we're kinda disgustingly adorable haha :)
I put it on pretty much everything!
Im goin to bed.. Goodnight little monsters! Love all you bitches!! Especially you @/blondesouthgaga and you :)))))
is anyone archiving all the hotel window images for #mw2012? :P
Anything we can help with?
Thank you all the way from California!
Alright where do you stand on this Alicia Silverstone bird-style feeding? There must be some sort of reasoning behind it right!?
Fyi, I dont post to get ur goat, I post the truth!
Tracked drums yesterday in studio A. Can't wait to re-track guitar and bass for this song.
Our eCourse site is down. Sorry for the inconvenience. Hope it will be back up around 6 pm ET.
Anything seems 2 be evil & a sin these days, pretty soon simply breathing will be too, we might as well wear blinders & stare @ the wall...
Just got my first coupons from how sweet is that! Can't wait till the next event so I can meet everyone.
I love when a episode of #BGC is on, thats when he tweets the most <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
WAIT. What happens if he poos on the court? Besides getting made fun of for all eternity?
well you should thank ! cheers
Did you have a baby and not tell me?
"my name is Tori Stomach, hear me growl" haha she's so funny! Love you girl!(:
Happy New Year!!!
angksndb I hope so! COME AT ME LIFE
Just saw a guy walking a dog down Hollywood Boulevard. The dog was wearing sunglasses.
Chef Robuchon will be in Las Vegas April 10th-17th.
my people will talk to your people
finishing up some phonology, researching library and information science grad schools, then a three day weekend!
Well, yes. Cutbacks, downsizing and RIFs.
thanks for following. I hope I offer interesting chatter. I tweet on a couple other burner tweets. I get involed with cool stuff
Sure, I'd love to move to Wisconsin for a short term contract, even though I told you I'm not currently in the market.
did you see the preview....
Yup, our email manager got a new job so I have email duty until we hire a new person. Yikes!
I hate when I see people I know but they act like they don't know you"forget you then bitch'
Falling in love with my new Tom's =D
There are four basic food groups: milk chocolate, dark chocolate, white chocolate, and chocolate truffles!! Firehook Bakery!!!
Anyone interested in garnering HRCI (or other) credits for recertification?
And by the time Dekker and Koenig are done, it might be time to retire anyway.
Looking for an attorney who deals with workplace discrimination for a gay man who is being harassed at work in CA - any tips?
I get to work with again today!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0095>
There's so much to be thankful for - have a wonderful Thanksgiving!
I can't make you love me but if i could things would be a lot easier..
Working on some generative music. Hooray for PureData!
and get a iPhone bihhh lol
Sounds like you've been having great luck with writers the past few days! Congrats!
RT“: “: And this time, I'm 99.999999999999999999999999% sure.”lol good job”
YES! ALMOST TIME FOR #BoyzHitABDCagain! IMA FREAK. I CAN'T WAIT! I'LL BE SCREAM :D I regret Nada
He said things to me who were not really nice
Matt Garza is about the only person in the world who thinks that was a good throw by Sean Rodriguez.
#Np The Weeknd - High For This
EV of the Future: Partnership Including BMW, Daimler Brings Forth Project Visio.M - Automobile Magazine (blog)
For I know the plans I have for you, declares the Lord, plans to prosper you and not to harm you, plans to give you hope and a future.
I've seen Cory's ass. YUCK.
just watched last ep of the current season! :)
#ThingsOnMyMind deciding what tap I will teach in a few hours...my Tightrope choreography? 53? My Paddle warmup? Decisions, decisions...
I wish it were warm enough to take a long run by the lake.
Diamondbacks, Rays, Blue Jackets, Wild, Bobcats, Texans.
I had it for, like, 3 or 4 months on and off. Then it went away for a month. Now it's back! :-(
My apologies.
Thanks for the follow Keep up the noble and creative work you do to help the non-profit sector. We need more people like you.
Absolutely! Would love to talk anytime. Hope all is wonderful with you, Jake & Sir Celluloid.
It's better to have found out now rather than later. Good riddance! You don't need so called friends like that in your life.XO
POTUS got more bounce in California than all y'all combined, he got more bounce in California
knock knock. Who's there? The end of school. #ah Our src starts on 5/21 and there is too much to do!
thanks Love
Welcome to campus the Community College administrators & faculty who are participating in the Merrick School's partnership luncheon today.
If you tell me you hunt in casual conversation, we are done talking.
Comes a time in a writer's life that he or she will not want to write anymore. This may be at the of highest acclaim. That is Art.
In high school and part of college, I wore a China bob with bangs. I murdered the wrap--my relaxed hair fell perfectly. I miss it.
Thanks for the Follow and Happy Friday
Jesse, you should go on uncensored radio show.. Alex knows him, they worked together before
Rookies take note! RT Nothing can sabotage winning,except for the fear of losing. Success usually lies just beyond failure.
thats what im saying it for i was jus givin out ideas its up to him .. and im sure the hennesey wont be a problem lol -_-
that area so it's perfect. When I went to corner social like 2 weeks ago they had no specials. I wonder if it's the same. THX
can't wait to have you both there! RT : congrats to who's heading to awards a week from today!
sometimes working with producers, especially ones in high demand, can be a pain in the but!
asdfghjkl; i got my second pottermore email. i want my account activated soon :D
Dimm All TheLights Call Me Oprah
Dirk was on his Charlie Sheen in the playoffs he deserves it
Ok guys I don't have cable so u have to tell me wat mb has to tell us
I can't even see anyone when hes with me he says hes so in love hes finally got it right I wonder if he knows hes all I think about at night
Offer and contest updates! Ready?
If you love someone more then anything, then distance only matters to the mind, not to the heart.
tell me more about it when the time comes!!
"Is it twu wut they say"
Just curious, but why aren't there more porn stars in these birth control commercials?
RT : over last wk I've sd "are u going to be the gasoline or the water" > I can count. cc
she was the reason i was 6 yrs old rockin some jordans. i just hope she know that i love her, the worlds best mother
Six mins left to win a Signed Carlos Guillen Poster from Answer: Which Sponsor does everything REAL BIG?
this subtweet is for one of my followers who can get it. okay actually no its not lol just thirst
Lets Ride...
House of bagels in da mornin
#tacac12 i guess its
I'm taking I'll have another to win today!
Great show today in PA for a great cause! Spread the word & follow these wonderful bands:
AWESOME ya'll goin to the game tomorrow :P
Check out the photo from Shred Day! And thank you for a wonderful event - great #consumer response!
Ruby on Rails Pro, we have opening in the Pacific NW (Seattle, Portland, Bend) $3000 Reward! Resume or referrals
Buckenham, Lewis, Sears all heavily influenced by Omsted.
I think next weekend hopefully :)
Does anybody know of a Dell laptop repair shop in the Dallas/Fort Worth area?
Hmm... kinda like Erin or Whitney from MTV The City.
Shout out to all our soldiers! Pour out a little for all the ones that passed. Happy Veterans Day
he probably has all the std's that a human can possibly get. #sorrynotsorry ;)
that's always been the objective. Men are conqourers, that's what we do. We just happen to fall, but if everything is easy...
REMINDER: Tune into on C-SPAN -Sat, May 12 from 9:15-10am ET for Cram for the Exam--a review of the 2012 AP Government Exam
Fuck me good Fuck me long Fuck me numb.
Reds lose. Will try to salvage one game of this series tomorrow afternoon.
Angel Bain! I already miss him and the others.
Refs deserve to be called for games like this. The Bulls are getting manhandled on the perimeter and hacked in the paint.
I just Key Lime Pie'd my pants.
Lmao at dude with the beard
stop flirting
Sadly no.Didn't get done till late last nite & took crew out for a thank you drink. Today I never got in. Wife's flite plans awry
.give it to me baby, nice & slow <3
. compares tumblr and Pinterest—one is creative, the other is curation based.
thanks dude! Word of mouth means so much, plus ! Made my day.
Got notice this week that I was accepted into the program. I am really looking forward to this work!
check out our band! our link to our facebook with one of our songs is in the bio. please try to get the word out and RT. thank you <3
. It came after I asked about his reaction to the audit on Richie Farmer. Oddly, it was a state audit not paper-driven.
Larry Merchant talks in slow motion and it drives me crazy!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>
: i will be getting into EVERYTHING!
I can't fucking wait to graduate and move outta my bitch ass aunts house! >:O she makes me so pissed!!!!!!!!! >.<
Hey, I never met you.... And this is crazy, but here's 's twitter... So follow her maybe? ;) <U+E32C><U+E32A><U+E32C> 8
laundrylaundrylaundry! i swear my dad has twice as many clothes as i do.
aww thanks I miss talking to u too!! And totally!!!
RT : You'll be surprised to know how far you can go from the point where you thought it was the end.
congrats to for winning the nfl draft contest. U just won a autograph
How drunk would you have to be to hit on 20?
Hunger games...wow. Doesn't disappoint at all
Does anyone get colder quicker then Nick Swisher???
Had fun talking in moronic circles w and some chick may have actually killed some of my brain cells.
if you aren't busy tonight...we are going to Hamburger Mary's Bingo at 800pm for
RT Be thankful for what you have!!
At Friendly Toast in Portsmouth~blast from the past.
thank you so much it means the world to me
ladies...who are the hottest guys in Boston?
I did some research. I'm trying to improve my overall health so I'm changing a lot.
So far, 90% of my students think the main difference between MLA and APA is that APA is for business. Okay...
Starting my fourth course of antibiotics in 3 months. Ugh.
:) love the TUT emails. I will have to check out the Daily Love.
Hey Musicians Join www.SmartGuy.com It's FREE to sign up let Jordan know we sent you.
Also, Sabrina regularly plays Settlers w/ the Beard Club. I mean Sci-Fi Club.
Photo shoot in San Diego Sunday. Rain is threatening to put a damper on our weekend yet again. :(
: Spiritual growth comes from challenging experiences... only way to build spiritual endurance.
Heaven will surely be worth it all <3
No school for me today
Lots going on in LR land. Good stuff coming...
Push back!
Just sent the info about #LoCoteStreet...hopefully the #SWwire is in our near future
That's a good fortune.
I am planning already to go next Easter or even for a week over the Christmas holiday. Had such a good time this time.
"New Blues" changes are kicking me around today. Thanks, Bird.
Isn't it fun to flout the GPS' advice, though? Or am I the only one who likes arguing with a computer voice?
<U+E13D><U+E13D><U+E13D>Everyone if you have a facebook GO LIKE---> {Austin Mahone and Alex Constancio, We love you} <U+E13D><U+E13D><U+E13D><U+E13D><U+E13D><U+E13D><U+E13D><U+E13D><U+E13D><U+E13D><U+E13D><U+E13D><U+E13D>
“: but shit I'm bored, I'm tired of always geting out, people need to come visit me” 2 weeks sis
love hittin the gym before work!
just spent like $40 on underwear <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Congrats on the won trusty
i wished i could have my cake and eat it too -__-
Nope sure isn't!
Thanks for tweeting! If you every need information on for articles let me know!
Hey #sxsw snap pictures of traffic backups & tweet them with the #atxin2025 tag, to show people what everyday will be like in 15 years
Unrealistic? That was intentional. Insufferable? That was not.
thanks! keep blasting away!
RIP Whitney Houston. Her voice was one of the greatest in the world. Sing with the angels Whitney!
1 think I hate is when females draw they eyebrows on. Some of y'all ain't artistic so stop it. Shawty lookin real surprised and shit lol
Not reported by media: Thursday Geitner testified Obamacare will INCREASE BOTH shortterm and LONGTERM DEBT. A huge admission vs. Obamacare.
Katy freaking Perry. Goddess.
''I was once called my boss a jive turkey sucka....I was fired immediately''
you're so cute <3
Can you freeze cooked meat (ground or otherwise) that was previously frozen raw?
Thanks, if you post a tweet to a job listing & @ us in it so we see it, we'll RT it for you!
Good luck! You deserve it! :)
putting on jeans and slippers has never felt better.
I don't think today's a good day for anyone...<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094>
Find out if your relative has long-term care insurance with in-home benefits. Request forms and documents to claim caregiver benefits.
RT Want to win tickets to 's Coppelia? We'll be giving away a pair of tickets tonight during The Bachelorette
Can't wait to get YL Austin to Africa RT : Excited to hear from today to see what God has in store for me this summer
Our offices will be closed 12/24 - 1/1. We will reopen at 8:30am on January 2nd. Have a happy holiday and wonderful New Year!
should've seen it coming
So small Texas tour with , and Sing me to sleep! :) in july I think yes! With playing in Dallas with us! :)
Thelma ... beguile the tedium of the journey
YES!!!!!! #TheOffice is Officially back for a Fall 2012-13 season!!! Praise Jesus!
hey girl How have u been
Al-Jazeera says 6 journalists held in Egypt
Serving as Bankruptcy Trustee in Kevin Carney estate - if you know any victims, contact me:
Who's it gonna be?
oh me oh my clippers and chargers!
Exhausted. Going to relax w/July w/MillaJ on the cover. Luv her! FYI: buy wedding edition & get 1year subscr
Found that downloading a new NortonAntivus program myself was hard, but got very good & patient on-line support!
Can't wait to check out the showroom this evening and get some sweet new working man pants.
Rahon gets the second half started with a 3!
Getting started with Health Law 2.0 at #health2con. Ft notes that startups don't always understand the rules/regs.
Cheack out my Poetry Novel out at these sites The Book of Poems of That Treaveler at Amazon.com Barns and Noble.com and Borders.com
dont move! im leaving DC right now cu asap
yeah i can get that around the corner ;)
Love whenever the calendar reads Friday 13. I was born on a Friday the 13th
I completely agree. I hope companies will delivery these even though it means selling fewer replacement bulbs. #innovate!
Pretty sure I just ate that pizza, and didn't even realize it 'till it was gone. - Zach.
that's debatable...
"the ability to observe low-level detail made Wireworld's Solstice 6 a firm favorite.. a hi-res cable for hi-resolution system." -Hi-Fi News
So true! RT : MTV should just change the name to RTV (reality television) cuz they don't play music no more
Goooooodmorning Nation and all over the world
your just THAT amazing i guess(:
That one felt good
Matt Kinman will join the roster for the semester and play his first returning game tonight. Look for some bombs on the power play.
Happy Mother's Day to all the #Latism mamas, you are all close to my heart. <3
why thank you :)
I shudder to think what it will do to search.
but no u cant not walk to thrd period by ursellf guys u were just so adorable together lol<3
Everyone please follow the very talented
One would always want to think of oneself as being on the side of love, ready to recognize it and wish it well --but, when confronted with
hey I posted your video the other day. If you go on YouTube search "#KickbackSundays 4.29.12". It was dope!!!
blustery day here in Northeast Ohio!
show me its real lol
can I get a follow back? I effing love the shizzzz out of your bio. : ) can you post the video of JB and the beliebers plz?
Brooklyn Heights. Strollertown.
I miss my game boy
dude you missed it the school caught on fire
You're only one workout away from a good mood!
thank Lisa! Hope you can keep on avoiding getting tased!
My bedroom light is on, I'm in bed and don't plan on getting up. Guess who's sleeping with the lights on?
me too! waking up next to the ocean, shopping downtown, family time, eating good fried food, yum! :)
you're too funny
we can tomorrow after four if you want
He's Gay! #MyStrangeAddiction lmao at the dads questions! Does this turn you on?....yes *straight face*
waking up to this band always makes my day better
looking forward to visit to the Lit and New Media group today!
I just followed
<U+2665> Tough Love.
I know but still
#ImMadBecause all of these test first ELA then the Math test then all of these finals
DUH Yes(:
You are precious to me. RT : still humming and strutting that sick bassline...
Just filmed at the press conference..12 churches re-opening..
Texas Longhorns 9/16 ' Oval ‘Longhorn ’ Pendant – Sterling Silver Jewelry
great job on the film buddy... It was funny I loved when you walk in the church with in attitude and ur looks (priceless) gudjob
thank you jas :)
marketing promotion etc you
The first thing I noticed in Raleigh was the smell of fresh grass. Can't wait for that scent to arrive in Boston.
Just used #Square to help raise $1800 for survivorjoe.com. Very impressive product!
May the fourth be with you as you finish finals & papers.
“: I love the Penguins on Frozen Earth” me too
What, does the ex-priest who's guilty of plotting death of sex abuse accuser think it's OK as long as he goes to confession?
Huge shoutoutout to And she gets a shoutout because she followed
Just in: Sports energy in U.S. shifts from west to east: Rollerball on Netflix. Next up: Newt in Florida. #pdx I'm ready for
Are you enjoying your Summer, oakies?
I fell asleep at 7pm and woke up at 1am. Now I'm wide awake at 3:30. This sucks. What is there to do this early?
Dude, McDonalds is not food. Ew powdered meat.
Oh, oh....My "Liberal Bullshit Detector" senses Liberals in my timeline! WTH?
"If you can't convince them, confuse them. "
im not crazy i just didnt take my pills in a while ;') jkss
#motivation..Speaker with Cerebral Palsy traveling, Speaking all around...
Dr Gloria tells moving story about Smith Construction and the origin of the ARC.
#ideas2action fog creek guys who make trello: what if you made your roadmap public?
Seattle, baby, time to let a little sun in before one of us says something that they'll regret.
is tangled up in blue.
Yes, yes it is. Can't wait for that flick.
Every new beginning comes from some other beginning's end.
Go Blackhawks. Beat those coyotes tonight.
Need something new to listen to. What is the best album released so far this year?
Working it out at gym on nemo!
awesome video i just got done watching it before i saw ur tweet lol :)
Never trust anything that bleeds for a week str8 and doesn't die..
after all this time? always.
I'm pretty sure we're going to PHX.
#MyThoughtsDuringShowers What if the bar of soap has a Jeanie in it and while you were gettin' your lather on, some Aladdin shit happened...
STRIP CLUBBIN IT
How can someone be featured in your Magazine?
Made you ANOTHER new fan today. I'm building you an Army in Indiana.;)
I've always been an outsider
Downtown ChiTown w/ da skyline @ Epic...Martinis :)
New Tees coming soon. Stay tuned...
i feel like eating and eating right now i am going be fatter !
this chick just went upstairs to have a 3way with her sister and some dude.
All girls are beautiful :)
": Hating on others does not heal build you up or excuse being lame.. You need #JESUS!"
ok.. as I read about the google+ hangout masks last week, I thought, how stupid. Now that I have a reason to use them.. funny!
for like 25 seconds and the flavor is gone
Mixed messaging. “: Inbox: '100,000 Endangered Species Condoms to Be Given Away for Earth Day'”
oh okay lol
Three technologies that will increase in importance in our teaching: mobile devices, augmented reality, and gaming.
it's not usually an issue, but it keeps crashing when I try to move a page around. Need to upgrade? Ha.
can you send me a link i cant find it
#NYGiftShow booth 7222- come see us and sample some delicious cookies flown in from Savannah!
i love my clients!! feeling very blessed.
hahahaha you know it bro.
Bernard, FOX 9 will provide you the opportunity to talk directly to Rep. Kriesel tonight.
#BestPerformanceEver is trending, you know what to do
No... I think it may be wifi, because it is pretty horrible for me as well. Like it takes 20 minutes for me to CONNECT!
not because my animals are not sweet
lol your cool.I like you!
I know someone who knows someone who can probably make that happen...
bored as fuck
At any point during his trip did Looney roll luggage with wheels through the airport?
100 block of W 2nd in Aberdeen. It's the huge 100 year old white house.
#youknowyoubroke when you gotta get the extra 7 cent from a mcdonalds employee when you order off da dollar menu
CANNOT WAIT!!!!! RT Episode 2 tonight
I'm pretty sure... But just in case text me
yankeeincanada: $5 RT: : A quest 4 NOLA #sla2010 attendees, particularly What is the price of a Kamikaze at ...
i like when it rains up
ya dummy!
i'm gonna be dragging myself to school today.
that hoe stupid
Interesting comment on Warner rebooting Batman after THE DARK KNIGHT RISES. What about Wonder Woman? What about DC's bench?
S/o two my newest follower
I face timed you too! “: u aint call me hun I changed my number”
Watching #theoffice <3 it's just great.
Kudos Gamma chapter , winner of the Outstanding Chapter Management Award at !
haha thanks Elfie! That's the goal... It will be many years in the works tho :s. Your living in Singapore right? How's that going?
It's totally normal to have 75 or so different things of nailp polish... Right? :)
Their is a few kids I would LOVE to send to the Hunger Games. #I'mviolent
If Pac comes out alive right now for "California Love," that's really gonna ruin the surprise for Week 2.
And that's why I'll never go on a cruise.
Have to give a shout out to RSVP of Central Oklahoma! We had an amazing group of volunteers in the office yesterday. Thank you!!!
you're watching this too? The dominatrix right?
Thank you for the retweets
www.StockMarketTheGame.com fun education gift for fiscal fitness, learn investing with the family....customized with logo if you want.
It's $5.00 Monday! All films are only a fiver!
“: *Do not try this at home* Dude, we have to do this!”
Thanks you #SteveJobs for all that you have contributed to this world.Your work and influence has inspired more people than u can imagine.
Ya know I even avoided watching the beginning of the #Sabres game bc usually when I pop in late they have a lead. Balls.
I wanna be home with a glass of vino & my book...the one I wrote - one last read before off to the editor.
you and dean are too good for her :)
totally sweet. is that the "big news" or is there more coming?
Allen West trashes WHCD. It should also be noted that he complained vociferously about his filet mignon and demaded a 2nd serving of flan.
TRUEST STATEMENT OF THE DAY
I was in Hamen for the day :( ... next time lunch and chats!
Looks like I'm stranded up north.
not buying a bedroom floor rug, are you? :) So good to see you today. We are blessed to have such an amazing group of camp kids.
Wishing you the best in your recovery. Hoping you have respite from those who would bring you down. Take this this time for you.
At son's Little League game, behind us La Follette leads Verona 4-1 in baseball at Stampfl
service for Mug tonight another testament to why Parkrose community is so special. Just sayin!
LIstening to some Oh Land:)
Thanks for keeping up with this info!!
haha how are u?
Everyone changes. You can't expect someone to stay the same forever. You can't grow that way.
I think with the emergence of reality TV, u have a great idea. Let me know if I can help
and Ill be there to cover that one !
Congrats! You sounded great,... I'm pulling for you
We can, but wondering if that's only what this is about RT Are we sure we CAN'T raise $400k to send band?
Come on guys, let's get #ArianaDidAmazing trending!!
Something I saw..
a multi-billion dollar oil company, through a filing error, appoints an infant as chairman. call it "Baby on Board."
Why is Monday so far away from Friday but Friday so close to Monday?
We've arrived in the Philippines today with the Planet Water Foundation team. Looking forward to two great projects here!
All Them Albums In My Picture I'LL Fuck A Bitch 2 Yep Even .#ItsProblemsHoe .#HoeGoHam .
Congrats AAF Fort Worth, D10 Small club of the year!
this would happen to me haha
Glad somebody is happy!! I need cheering up
great avi dude
Girls in size 0 pants- <U+270B>
remember when trey tossed his breakfast at me after I farted in his face
Augustus and the Holiday is just a perfect song.
Anyone is welcome to cheer me up!
Even, Steven.
I can't view it. the page say i do not have permission to view drafts.
where you at?
Thinking of everything I have to do overwhelms me, but I can do the ONE thing I HAVE to do, I will progress.
A.D.D. is a terrible thing to waste on a job.
coldplay helps everything
Chris Brown 3
But I did turn in my 1st draft of my "Friendships Don't Just Happen!" book manuscript before I flew out of town! Woo-hoo!!!
Twitter's having some weird font weight issues on Chrome (16.0.912.75 m)...
I love 's tweets they're so amazing <3 ah i'm in love with them <3
Thanks for the props, FedScoopers! :)
SSP scores an empty net goal with 32.9 seconds remaining to go up 4-2 against Warroad.
What kind of sick and cruel method do they use to assure that Baby Shampoo is safe for a baby's eyes?
Dear girls, Incase you didn't know ... Your boobs go INSIDE your shirt. Sincerely , the girl who's tired of seeing that!
oh no are you not feeling well ?
Boring ass day n everybody have attitudes
Seriously clippers?! DO NOT LET THE LAKERS DO THIS! Oh wait, not the Lakers... KOBE. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
#PeopleILoveTheMost my parents, without them I would be a total different person.
I wonder what my girlfriend is gonna get me for valentines day?!?!(:<3
Baby please don't go
cause I'm not prettier than you..
you live far tho suxs ... $ grrr i know its tough
indeed, you were missed!
Today the Pink Hats get to say how cute it is that there favorite players are using Pink Bats. OMG, qwqwfc Salty is so djdnjd . I'm crying
They did, that's Andreas
lmao I couldn't but might be better suited to race you in her new mustang convertible ...she might win tho lol
likes to touch other people's butts!.(; lol
Awesome family weekend=exhausted Monday morning. I wish that I could blow off work today and have a day to myself. But alas, too much to do!
Not jealous of the dentist that has to work in that mouth A.. :D
Is there a way to see the event schedule without registering?
Happy Birthday (: its my birthday to & we are both Jessie . how neat ?!? <U+2764>
we are!? Where?
30 Minutes to Mars
REALLY?!? i just wrote a 4 page paper for you and you're gonna cancel class!!!? grrrrr
"Play is the exultation of the possible." - Martin Buber (via )
what u know about reversing thru the drive thru cuz only the passenger side window rolls down?
love mrs right cant wate to see you go on so random
don't worry - I have a few more blackberry jokes in my playbook
This is stupid. The "pit" performance during Muse.
it was cool
Dear morning shifts, I hate you. Dear customers wanting to buy show tickets at 7AM, I dislike you.
Bodies make the world go round
Great talent is undeniable Mr. Green... LOVE your new project!!! So raw and honest.
On the bus. Watching Back To The Future. Listening to Panic! At The Disco. And its rainy. Gonna be a good ride.
For a baby, a year is like half your life. For an old person, it's under 2% of your life. Time speeds up in every mortal's perspective
Please welcome Young_Freak1 to the Max life
I just had a tremendously wonderful walk with female rotti. She apparently knows heel. :)
If the Watchmen 2 movie is anything like Watchmen 1, it's gonna be two and a half hours
Does anyone know why the #Geneva isn't open 24 hours?
far, FAR too long.
Tall Females'
RT : Writers: Check out the "tiny truths" contest. Creative nonfiction told in 140 characters with hash
FROM AWESOME.
yeah that's true I have 3 brothers and I see 2 often but I only see the other 1 once in a long while so I know how u feel
: where do I get tix?
well jus found out tht gatorade damage your kidneys. the commercials lied. #inbox 4 more information.
you need to let me copy your map;)))))
You let the best girl you could ever be with go . What a shame.
im screwed.. i forgot to bring my homework. ffmmmmlllllll.
To all my followers in the medical field: I'm going through evaluating the pros and cons of MD vs. PA-C. Any advice / insight for me?
OH MAN that kid’s covered in Down Syndrome.
Where is the corn? Cracker Barrel
so bummed!
One can never REALLY succeed without the help of others.
Yea I am bro
DONT FORGET APRIL 3RD WILL BE PRESENTING THAT #TATTOOMUSIC AT HAVE A NICE DAY CAFE ... GET YOUR TICKETS FROM
i swear hes so lazy -_-
if only they could cross Heather w/Anika Noni and throw in some Angela Bassett turmoil. Bless my gay heart!
U welcome
it's seriously on RIGHT NOW on NBC!
Bored as hell, stuck: (
Ugh! I have one of those...and it's a dynasty ><
RT RT - Get $5 eyebrow threading for first-time clients at Yuva Threading Salon in ATS!
Where I am it's 8:41.
Finished takin my cute photos pics, they came out pretty good, #practicetime!
We're always looking for female masseuse who are interested in a part-time/on-call job.
bitch first of all dont get mad wit me wit ur fat ass
Tomba has been putting out some jams lately.
Thanks! Did you make it to the show?
Bloody Mary anyone? Shannon just finished a fresh batch of our famous mix- come check it out!
Thank You Hun!! :)
intellectual stimulating conversation
Block: today has renewed meaning as another of world's madman came to justice for his evil.
new Zealand, Australia and the USA!
You're a freakin pimp with the name Hugo
Cherish every moment in your life, joyous, medioctre or painful. Life is a true blessing, so be grateful for all you have not what you dont.
and are officially on Spring Break! Enjoy, and we'll see you back April 10!
Im doing good beautiful babydoll! Getting ready to go to my best friend's house to hang out tonight
This week is going to be so long
I thought Tweetdeck was fixed but it keeps crashing on me. Lame. Trying Plume but timezone seems borked. I'm not west coast.
PPI is so bogus. "If prices aren't being passed on to consumers why is milk, coffee, cheese 30% more expensive than a couple of years ago?"
Well I have to go sleep. Please follow me?I know you see this<3
My bro called off work so he could see my talent show performance on Friday! Gotta kill the stay like an elbow from World Peace
I follow your moves all week on twitter
anything but my tweets. Hahaha!!
Don't compare your life to others. You have no idea what their journey is all about.
If reporters are going use twitter for work then they shouldn't for personal rants.
PickUpLine: Do you have room in your life for another friend?
alright gotcha royalty
New Online Degree in Computer Science Amplifies Career Opportunities in Numerous Fields
ha! That's awesome! I guess I joined a new club :)
Yes I just landed a placement on nbc television show parks and rec. However, I would most def. Like to expand. I have many placeable ins ...
Little leak in the roof made worse by torrential storm! All is good now! ; )
Real loyalty is remaining loyal when I'm not around.
Invent time travel RT Is there anything the Phins can do today that will be praised by the fanbase?
so exciting.
Ha! My sister and I went on a Neil Sedaka kick, thanks to a friend of our mom's. :-)
I'm on a paper chase Yee Yee
It was a great few days for Watson...his love of the game, athleticism and brains, amaze me. I am sorry he didn't make it.
Haha, you know I had to mess with you.
Happy Tuesday! Hope it's a great day for all :)
Online teaching shows new ways to teach face-to-face.
me sorry :( #hateyouanyways :))
Fn a, this is gonna get good! Good thing I have a keg!!
did you ever see the original release of HxH?
school tommorow. gotts to wake up at 5 to get readdy. WAH. bright side is CALI on friday :)
Help us end H1N1 (SWINE FLU), we need CMA's with experience giving FLU SHOTS. Email resume to .
let's go with 6 just to be safe.
- I agree, Shannon! Great app!
So confused on what's going on on my timeline right now
RT : If you got something to say bout somebody, @ them.
Happy Good Friday!
Done with court, ticket gone, now.. Alabama best watch out!!! nd I bout to tear it upp! and meet Robbie of course!
Love recognizes no barriers. It jumps hurdles, leaps fences, penetrates walls to arrive at it destination full of hope. - Maya Angelou
friends suck
So who is the greatest country legend of all time?
#Imagine You: Austin, can you describe me in one word? Austin: MINE <3
its not the same when ur not on gdc
Dear 1,516 Big Fat Cupcake followers. I have a cupcake emergency!! I can't follow anyone else because I need more followers!! Help!
te Logan thing
I don't even know what to tweet about right now.
I know ya were, but I love my office.
thanks so much for all your support!!! soo appreciated! love you! xo
I'm not even kiding . I'm running across the street right now -.- It's a ugly dog anyways
working on an imprinted mini stapler project. Thanks Sara!
Day two!
happy birthday!
:0i was about to buy it for u!did u start reading yet?
Baugher's in Westminster. For reals.
needs to be put back the way it was.The People Rule
Short stories. No books, bro, or I would have sent them already. You know I'm your tireless advocate. Mwah!
try conscientious objection. Say gym class is against your moral and ethical beliefs.
thank you good sir
i'm not interested ok
would u post some material on your site if I sent it to u and its hot?
Before I die, I want to go back to Galway and knacker drink a bottle of Bucky, smashing it on the sidewalk in grand Galwegian tradition.
#bednarz Speak your own conclusion, own the material.
Jodi, give me back my glasses and tutu!
Thank you for the RT!
Just been a victim of a hit and run. Seriously, how can anyone do that? Destroy someone else's property & just run off?
Working!!!! That's it. Where have you been? I have some new software I wanna try on your site. You still in Houston.
Create your bracket for the 67-game Men’s College Basketball tournament better known as March Madness.
I wanna be the last number you call late at night, I wanna be the first one that you dial when you open your eyes <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
My stomach be growling loud as fuck right now. I wanna go home ):
Coupe be stupid low, I be stupid high.
My iPod I'd dying <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Da woman u love.
Till is yelling <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>
how u doin? U alright
yeah I still got it, you got mine? You better roll up to bscc this summer a lot, we such a great staff working there.. haha
that's my plan. But I'll need to actually remember to transfer the files!
listen to Margot & the Nuclear So So's, Broadripple is Burning. New fav.
What about Harry, Zayn, Louis, and Liam? -Maria
Yay! Finally done with work. Headin home then Beast Mode Round 2! #Powwww!
Did you just think that out load?
So I don't usually ask people this but... will you please marry me?? <3
Couldn't sleep for nothing... work at 630. School afterward gotta test... omg God be with me...
cool thanks.
the wedding invites are starting to pile up for the next year...i'm gonna be one broke girl
#WhyILoveYou because you take my breath away.
I'll never forget the small people lol and wow a baby?! That's no big deal lol.
Fantasy baseball might not be one of my talents. Ouch.
This time they tweeted complexity of life
Louis, I need your help.....
It is all sousaphone.
Retro clothing--or clothing your parents preserved from their youth--is worth its weight in costume gold!
I guess
Nationwide is on your side!
Don't give any more of an ego than he already has.
joining in with a +1 vote for evernote support!
Hey rumor has it Pge gave $6k direct to ccdc for run Ed run staffers
I want a girl whos real, and doesn't hide behind that bulllshit
What a great day :)
your insane! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
Off to an audition. I hope this Woodland scented body spray will mask my desperation!
Follow homie and help him become popular! Hahaha!
congrats on the kindle fire prelooad!
Baby you take me up
Swallow your pride Down , Down ..
RTsvp RT : Survey: What are the best book trailers out there? Please retweet & use hashtag #booktrailers -- for
ahaha lol boy bands have been an old thing since the 60s, and brits coming to america started then
butterflys in my stomach for this performance but i no once we hit tht stage its goin to be live and hes goin to be in the crown:D-Tamya:P
To clarify: The new 52 version of Stormwatch has thus far been about the queer courtship of Apollo & Midnighter w/ some monsters&exposition
Dennis the menace One of the best movies ever. DENNIS! I think unjust might watch it again. :) <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
Eminem said and i quote, "you can do anything if you set your mind to it"
#bands #music #FF Support the music you love!
God must calling cuz my leg wont stop vibrating.. lol
that is the most eeevel laugh I heard today Tammy...settle down
Black album on blast
OMFG. Speechless! im so jelly!! Ugh I hate you so much!(;
How is everybody day
Milwaukee? RT Chicago Code starts tonight. I will watch because it's filmed in the greatest city in the world.
Nothing quite like waking up to the peaceful pitter patter of rain. Quite a cleansing meditation. It has eluded us for far too long...
I wish delivered.
Just realized how little I know about asian history .....and the final is tomorrow. My love of naps has fucked me again
That would be an awesome bowl game. Play until one team cries uncle
Oops? I don't think so.. but I'll try again tomorrow.
Done brewing the porter! Cleaning up and ready to BBQ! Come on by! 1742 n Rockwell.
who can jerk and dougie ;)
Time to turn the tv off for a week...unless you wanna hear bout Tebow 24/7
Can you DC us out of your office window? Better Farragut here quick, cant wait to see what we have in al pastor for you.
Part work. Part mini-vaca. I'll actually be in Boulder.
pray for me bro
lol, what subject was it?
Happy Thanksgiving Cincy Turkeybowl guys. Please tweet any injury or hangover stories. Or, what did last night.
what the hell are you on twitter for and what the hell is up with your name! I'm kickin your ass and tellin your mom
I know, right? Where's the suspense?
btw, why must we say "if I were" instead of "If I was"?
study hall with jacey..
damn I need to catch up
- looking forward to it!!
: if you say so c:
#TheAwkwardMoment When you Jave This One Little Hair Come Done To Your Face And It Tickles You (-_-) I Hate That..!
Our keynote is well under way! Thanks and
oh yeah I forgot about Mexico!!! Yeah ill fly!! Lol
If you need a bed bug cover, let me know. I have a friend who can hook you up!
The video you had of loading that car into the museum was one of my favorite install videos ever.
It all comes from having an amazing business partner who rocks at the stuff I am no good at!
Thank you for following Inner Gate Acupuncture!
Woohoo....paint fumes are making everthing look fuzzy:)
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!
Cool piece on LIKE WATER FOR CHOCOLATE-Banned in Arizona!
Thank you!
TUT FACT: Canopic jars held organs of Tut that were essential for the afterlife. See this & other artifacts @ The Children's Museum of Indy!
Latin Men my weakness ;-)
You welcome, enjoy it my nigga RT : thanks big bra bra
I love pasta so much
What a fucking play!
Man is most nearly himself when he achieves the seriousness of a child at play. - Heraclitus
A very Gaga Thanksgiving!? Wow, that's happening, right now.
miami (I know they play in sunrise) teams are always 2nd teams.
Van Halen @ the Excel Energy Center in May.
safe home. See you in NYC
Justin Biebers 'One Time' will always be the cutest effing song ever <3
Of course I wear eye makeup when I go to the library!
"We know more about war than we know about peace, more about killing than we know about living." -Omar N. Bradley
Going back to canvassing with my team. Its breaking my heart talking to some people tonight
RT : Good morning! How 'bout our Reds again and !
*rolls eyes*
Caught 3 cat fish today
If you're a million-dollar playboy willing to bankroll me following the Afghan Whigs around all summer, plz call. Your silence is annoying.
To finish the point from : knowledge org. is sthing humanists do all the time. Need help understanding practical applications
Sick take a pic :) RT : I bought a shirt at Bamboozle, and convinced my friend to get one too. c:
Running away NOW! Lol
i strongly agree.
hm...I don't like bugs, cold weather, and getting up early :)
time for Mac n cheese!
I know about Record Store Day (yeah!) - but what is early am line up for? cc
"Game over man, Game over! We're all gonna die!"
You can Design your own tee shirt online. It is really very easy and simple method.
haha lol its the worst I hate how ur umbrella fights with other peoples umbrella's when u pass them lol
plastic to sample (no glass allowed in City park), pint glass as souvenir. see you there? :)
Omg I feel much better about the situation. I thought the decision on the permit was finalized.
Turn up at Backspace Cafe, thursday night at 8:00pm to be part of a special campaign event.
Remember lets plant seeds of encouragement into each others lives. Let's bring each other up not tear each other down!!
Not sure how I feel about today. Sad that marriage equality is even still a debate.
Wow! Sorta scary!
Check out Arlene Sachitano's books--she has two series. The quilt ones are my biggest seller.
Happy Birthday:) What did you wish for? <3
Arizona bans funding to Planned Parenthood
I just got a long, awesome wrong-number voicemail complaining in detail about something I didn't do to someone I don't know.
setting my sports alert preferences on fanu.mobi for this week's games
First day of my last semester done!!
This is also a great reason to use e-books. No one can tell if you're reading a "low level" book or not and they're cool!
It sure will be so we hope to see you at ! RT : it does look awesome and sure is much more fan friendly!
Today = Friday 13 sick report card & mad friends yep today was horrible but if thats what it takes to praise you then Jesus bring the rain.
Grateful to for referral to accompany Carla Gugino in Sebastian Gutierrez film, HOTEL NOIR. Recording done, filming next week!
Blue skies and much awaited album drops. Hope you're ready for "Unpatterns," cause today's the day...
are you Tweeting? Seriously? LOL, fun to see you last night.
I was playing magic on xbla and i lost even though my health was at 54 and had cards on the table....why?
That's really true. And I think it makes the tone of these asks all the more important.
Thanks -- yep, 7 years ago. So sad. But thanks so much for your well wishes. Tell your mom how much you love her :)
Wait so ceelo isn't brad Pitt !!?!?? My life is a complete lie
Cadence Weapon more the B.K. Vegan crowd's speed than Main Attraktionz. Raps over Grimes beat, DJ looks like a Grizzly Bear member.
Signs u may be replaced as #soccer coach: Face mysteriously photoshopped out of team picture.
If you don't pay attention to every little detail, you miss most of the jokes.
...which is good because I need to go back to my sister's and tackle some touch-ups now that it's been painted.
work cocktail party for customers
it's coming out on vinyl on Saturday!
Well, good morning, good afternoon, and good night!
“: Alcohol: Because no good story starts with "So this one time I was eating a salad......"” :)
Alightments too, but that isn't really tracked. Bonus: basic demographics w/o personal info!
get ready for tonight!This will be the last MyPatio Sunday till next year!!
Congrats on the win! You and Kemba doin things!
For a Friday night flick with suspense, lies, grand plots and strippers, rent Enron: The Smartest Guys In The Room. Very interesting film!
you "seduced" us with that tweet :)
“: Flattery proceeds deception!” That is a good word Rev!
Sky Lounge Will Sexy Tropical Latin Passion Night Two-Story NightClub. Party All Night with95.1 LATIN VIBE DJ WALDO- DJ CESAR TERCERO!! .
You're welcome! We love Kopps custard and hope you guys do too!
Busy week so far. Working on sound for my short film Rain Dance and getting in to producing mode for a feature film. Read-through this week.
I'm interested to learn more about #ExxonMobile's
this dude MadDog just came in the studio and blew minds with a trumpet part on one of our tunes. damn some guys are real pros.
Musical Theatre might be pretty cool after all... :)
Moms about to go to work who cumin to the crib?
Leaving twitter for a while. Got my number changed.
Dear iNeedWrestling stalker, so glad to be of service to you once again...
don't even start thinking that way! Step back, learn from it and move forward.
umm I think like 15 min by car
#Packers Nick Perry LB USC! We need HIM
everytime I try and follow u. It says forbidden !
This tweet is misleading! He FACES murder charges would be correct. My thoughts and prayers go out to both families
because of your eye???
I wish conspiracy theories about progressives were true. All the self-described progressives I've met are just really into drum circles
I'm bored... I'm never bored
My lady gonna have all The people yelling for her shirts. So Cray!
#STARGATE #SGU returns tonight on #SYFY for its final episodes... <U+2665>
i'm at a bar where you at
Ahoy, academic folks! What is the "right" CC license for your research work, aside from institutional restrictions? BY-NC-SA?
Grandma grows the best roses... so beautiful <3
The stream ended. Well work on getting the vids up on the #RBstudio site real soon.
Where did you see that?!
ABBY. ONLY ONE WEEK UNTIL ATS. I don't know if I can handle this! So. Much. Excitement!
@ @ @ @ @ I'm so glad I came up with JUNKYYYYYY
Council members just participated in an Ice breaker with other phenomenal youth!
wanna go watch some fights? :-)
cant wait to meet her!
Good morning!
Clean Your Fridge Day! "Thank God for dirty dishes, they have a tale to tell; while others may go hungry, we're eating very well."--Unknown
Facebook app is an iPhone memory hog
Less than ONE week til our EP Release show next Sunday, the 21st at the Triple Rock!!! Come one, come all!
I am way into Lionel again as always. He is the best voice coach on The Voice
love to discuss Symbaloo, let's skype next week mail for day&time my skype = klaas.lameijer. Great!
We think a story in would be a great way to help increase awareness about the efforts to revive the
thanks for the follow! Here's to working together to
Thanks Noise. I'm finding LinkedIn to be more and more valuable as a communication channel all the time
Horse racing is the rich dudes version of dog fighting
Gotta update my bio on here. I'm 16 now sheesh
#whenitwascoolto to be in one of top 10 friends on MySpace....
Can't wait.
Excellent news! Congrats and good luck!
I can't wait to play that game. The best in the trilogy?
You're welcome!
<U+2752>Taken <U+2752>Single <U+2714> and looking 4 a good #man so hit me up
Earliest DJ load in time 6:45am. Djing junior achievement 10k in sandy springs
Let's be creative: If you only had one leg, how would you exercise?
nice meeting you bro at the Indy session man
You should!!!
We definitely think so :)
I normally use a stylus but that one was done w/ just my fat index finger.
this is retarded, peoplestring is paying me, I got over 900 bucks for doing nothing, so I just decided to do something
I'm #TeamLucca. Das ma boy!!!
One crockpot and some decorative bookends does not a GIANT yard sale make.
Ready for a rematch (of Super Bowl 4 years ago)? Giants sink 49ers in OT, 20-17, to earn Super Bowl date with Patriots on Feb. 5th
I went to work with my friends mom,
Kk where the hekk do u find them
But yes, I still want to see it very badly and I think we should go this weekend.
That geology test just shit on me soo hard
Went from sunny and warm Seattle, to Cold and gloomy LA... Weird! But happy to be back! Hi :-) lol
If I ever have to work at a restaurant it gonna be planet hollywood. I love that restaurant
It's weird when you rent a dvd and there are trailers from films that were released 3 years ago. (As if renting a dvd weren't weird enough)
Game time vs #Purps~N~Gold #TuacaChillZone is where u find me at
Kiefer Sutherland's voice in the BofA commercials make me miss 24 even more than usual
Thursday bar night #BOGO cocktails all night long! Heading into host as soon as I'm done tweeting from the shower !
got earplugs? :)
Love you more!
not even a half inch shorter, ever. lmao
Say it ain't so !!!RT RT Source: #Angels and #Yankees discussing Mark Trumbo. Robertson in play. -WTF
dope man...promo love!
As America goes through our transformation into the new,we lock arms with our brothers and sisters in hopes of restoring peace with mankind
RT Encore LOVES giving away amazing prizes!! We would love to get to 5000 followers! When we do we will give away a macbook air
Nascar? Really autospell?
Welcome Susan Hooker to Crescendo's Board of Directors!
Want a #lifestyle special vacation 2 nights $200 Caliente Resorts
Dammit, meant "the Lord"--stupid Fake Bible Quotation app.
is a terrible insurance company. Working with them on a claim they say that it is my fault an old senile man rear ended me :)
This CANNOT be happening right now...
Yeah. I've put a lot of time and a ton of money into this friendship. Haha :P
Salem and other out of town police now facing off protesters downtown
Kelly! Enjoy it. Thanks for listening. Stay in touch.
RT RT : sorry, but if you like "house" music, please re-think your life.
I havent ate all day...
good:) do you know of any acting schools around memphis
Thanks for RT!
it's almost too good to be true!
Dudes! Stop shooting up Virginia Tech! Am I missing something? Is Virginia Tech at war with the Crazies?
i wish we could just beat the shit out of one person, just one, and not get in trouble.
Thanks to the Minnesota Chamber of Commerce and Secretary Duncan for a great education/business panel today!
I'm going to try to spend a little time in the Old Market, so I'll try to swing by and say hello!
Now I am ready to eat with my fat ass
Are you just using me..
that's a sweet bit of news!
loved set! And adored their dresses!
While your enjoying a pizza with a side of buffalo wings. What's your favorite show you like to watch on tv?
Going to collect my 30+ wii fit tokens for the day :)
Did we decide on dinner date night?
I'm sure he would not mind lol
My vote for Brewers MVP is Braun and CY Young Marcum. What do you all think?
Mango's go hard.
It's Friday! Are your weekend plans set in stone?
Never mind, I found out.
Feelin it! Great job man, thanks for sending it my way
well - I look forward to reading your tweets & getting to know you - I need more guys my age in my life! ;)
WTF with channel 3 who wants to know everything about good old jimmy sent him up and have it over with
Who is excited to see this Sunday night at Closet Sundays #Power20?
If I learned one thing from attending advancing the creative economy it's that the world is bigger than Google vs. rights holders.
The future is a hunk of clay. I see the shape that mine should take and chip away a little everyday.
If you buy Cleveland apparel from anyone but The Cleveland Assassin, or Frank The Tank June 2nd at FNF, you're not buying authentic CLE gear
Your Welcome
I try to plan ahead. It's easier to grab a bag of raw veggies than to stop and chop when I'm in a rush.
RT : Open House 2day! Come down 2 before 1:30pm, look at seats and we'll provide you lunch! Tell them sent ya!
of course!
Euro makers: VW, Audi, Land Rover, BMW, Mercedes all gain - USA TODAY
Ops! that might have been a mistake.
Thank you for the follow. You've got a really cute website! :)
Who said that ???? RT : So O.J. Simpson did not kill his wife his son Jason Simpson did that shit crazy
A true #agnostic scrutinizes creeds, they don't have one. They usually know more about many religions than the avg. professed practitioners.
Real nightmare! RT : Did I dream #Browns took backup DT nobody heard of in the 3rd or did that really happen?
I hear U. For some reason I very rarely use the camera in movie mode. mostly use that for verbal/visual notes.
Don't they just pay the meter at 11:00 for another 2 hours?
I have not, I'm sorry!
Fired up for the game today. Go NINERS!!!
Anyone have examples of innovative work using digital technologies to study the Middle Ages?
I just want to watch she's the man & take a 27 hour nap.
Joe Paterno family says reports not true he is still alive
NO, NO, NO, they meant to say "He makes me feel like men do when they watch pudding women wrestling!"
haha four seconds
Scarring the crap out of in the Dillion's parking >
it is the #Bobcats u know
n.y where you at rest in peace young phat!
is graciously giving my liver a sabbath.
with #bucks pr staff winning that award i assume dan smyczek gets kudos
you're so right .. Apartment apartment apartment ..
About damn time
aww! They are sweet. My dog fell asleep last night and his whiskers and beard got all discombobulated! :)
so blessed to be a part of it!!!
actually big jims is awesome. Dive bar, cheap. Games n'at also awesome . I want to go!
no I meant to say producer... I'm using this phone sometime it type wat it wants!!
do you ever present at tech conferences? Would love to discuss possibility of having you speak at our upcoming fall events.
So bored it midnight and I'm lik wide awake inbox me ppl
at a summer camp right by my house
I didn't know how sweet #whitney was. She was so brutalized as being a nasty diva by the media after she was the princess of pop
Haha, yep.. they make a reservation request first, you approve them, they pay, they come, they eat, you chat, they leave :)
#WHCD So Jimmy Kimmel's teacher said he wouldn't amount to anything if he kept screwing around but hes abt to hi-five the prez
Making the most of my half day. At the zoo with Vi and Rachel.
RT : Props to Andrew Bynum for a 20 point 30 rebounds game against the spurs.. Dude was beastin out
What size was the biggest u ever had cockblock?
There's no time to loose.
Happy Thursday-Our Newark office is open today from 8-5. No appointments needed for glasses. 110 High St. 315.331.5721.
I have no idea which sport it is tonight, but Go Green!! RT : Let's go Spartans tonight!
looks great, thanks for doing the piece and making me sound much more articulate than I was! ;)
": #Taurus gives great love, attention, and is good at fulfilling someone's needs."
u saying that and u cannot even do it SMH
I had a couple little pretzel sticks to celebrate! Had one for you too:)
Daammnn I just LOVE my HAIR!!! #TeamGoodHair :):)
what time???
We're feeling really poetic today. Who can come up with a good haiku about one of our menu items?
Yeah, I'm annoyed now that I can't undo them easily.
sometimes I read hilarious tweets and think they're yours... and then I realize that they are tweets from
Decaf coffee is like non alcoholic beer
Well it was a wonderful day on the beach tody here in Ocean City, NJ.
RT: WE DONT DO FREE PROMO, FOR PEOPLE WHO DONT SUPPORT BLACKS! TRUST ME!!, SO IF ITS ON THERE IT WILL BE REMOVED ASAP!
Just talk as long as Ricky P is at Louisville. He won't let it happen.
- it was cooly everybody was coo & shidd
Very nice ! & Congrats. How long did it take to shoot the video ?
good thing i brought my tackle box...
been preaching an #FBombSeries series at our church since Easter. Finishing up next week with Faithulfullness. CRAZY!
Good news? Housing starts up? No one can sell a house now and added to the glut will be these puppies. What bank lent these builders?
Trust is earned, I can't just magically hand it over to you.
Obsolete Term Remodification: Artificial Intelligence is now Automated Intelligence. Artificial intelligence is an oxymoron.
thank you!!!
Yeah.....I don't say "babe" so y'all know that wasn't me .
Exhausted after a traumatic morning (ok slightly exaggerating) & stupidity and lack of common sense throughout the afternoon. I need a vaca.
A person who can't get genuinely pumped up about his work can never be satisfied or gain anything worth it.
“I trust that everything happens for a reason, even when we're not wise enough to see it.”-- Oprah Winfrey
A beautiful day calls for some thirst quenchers! Enjoy our amazing selection of juices and smoothies.
Wow. Watching you on #DLHQ and you are absolutely incredible. An absolutely amazing woman.
. PV must've not celebrated like the rest of us did to be out running like that Good thing him & the boys stay focused
I was sleeping the other night, alone, thanks to the exterminator. Emo Philips
You forgot to mention how well I did it. RT I just saw do the Carlton Banks dance. No lie.
Shane Hankins (shanehankins) thanks for the follow.
Have fun with that! I hope you dont get anything #toogross! :)
The song is turning out bomb so maybe that's why. Music helps me vent.
I plan on coming before that.. (sorry - couldn't help myself) RT COME ON OCTOBER!!!! ;)
Get it back, girls! #webelieve RT : Blue down one nil on a miss clear from back
you would. Life is great! glad 2 be back on the east coast n enjoying life. Hows college treating you!? livin up 2 the hype?
thinking of getting an ant farm at my desk to remind me of good work ethic and
Gotta go see these ppl....ugh...
The opportunity for brotherhood presents itself every time you meet a human being.
20 min radio segment about UW-Lax baseball and not one mention of leading rbi man 's brother #horse$#!+
Hi Katrina! Nice to see you here!
ditto. “: I'm headed back to #Austin for #SXSW. Please make sure the weather's back to awesome by the time I land. #kthxbai”
Good evening and how are you???
Halverson's presentation at GLS really nailed it. Want to view the archive soon.
"It's friday friday friday gotta get down on friday" wow that used to be the most talked about song in america well what happened to that
Wednesday- it will be exactly 3 months with Marissa<3
Hanging out with my Momma today! :)
this looks amazing! were you with COBI? would love to learn more
Really looking forward to seeing and tonight. I would be an idiot to not go
Loved the all-girl band. Jack White looks like Edward Scissorhands.
are you flying into Portland PDX airport or Redmond / Bend airport??
Kudos to every public servant who approaches the future with courage and optimism.
After meetings with educators in South Bend and the , we are off to the Lincoln Day Dinner.
My thoughts and prayers go out to the Hecht family.
let's tho it.
Libyan government tanks and rockets have driven back rebels who attempted an assault on Moammar Gadhafi's hometown of Sirte. ww.tncnews.com
sometimes i feel like you forget that i can read your tweets because they pop up on my feed.
"People ignore design that ignores people." Frank Chimero
I love Betty White!! She's still amazing!! Haha
The Hobbit usually makes me think of The Runelords. I hear they're creating that into a film too.
Yes, thought the same thing. A very nice homage to one of the great movie car chases.
hawt. ;) i wish i could've been there lol ;p
I think I listen to too much drake in fact cuz i'm the best you ever you had your friends just mad cuz im the best they never had
Still gotta take Gilbert food smh
depending on injuries, but I get the same feeling. Like ur $215k estimate.
Hey Lisa, please tell me more. I need to network with those who understand best the challenge and opportunities. be Inspired!
Thanks MJ! Good times! “: I want to give a special Christmas shout out to the beat Dj EVER ”
Hey Coach Fox and Elway don't tease us by putting in Tebow as a wide receiver and not even throw to him...
that's like perfect!
Didn't like Usher song Climax at first but now I love that song
what kind of documentary?
You mean if Toby Jacobs was there.
thats nastyy why would you send me that link :(
lol good boy im a dog now lol where the scooby snack at lol
sorry. We were hacked :(
help me win and see would love to see them for the first time & please don't break me
but are they still the standard?
Did you know? It takes #glass 1 million years to decompose, which means it never wears out and can be #recycled an infinite amount of times
Why do HOES expect to Get Ate out..? Those are For wives who are ONLY fucking their man.”
There's a micro simcard on your desk. cc:
rooting for Bones tonight so excited!
happy friday! what are your weekend plans milwaukee? i'm in need of retail therapy at !
Im not eating noodles no more they have 830 mg of salt.
*coughs to get attention.* GO COMMENT AND LIKE MY NEW AVI, GO, GO, STOP. $$
Just played Just Dance with my bro; I kept winning! :D
mo dm me please
people need to know when not to put stuff on the internet. it doesn't just go away
good night x
Thanks for the great reading last night, ! Loving the new collection!
Possibly. If mom doesn't go to the store today we may have to call out the militia! Stay tuned!
you are no longer a beggar - walk by faith! via
So mentally exhausted. Three pit stops before heading home to listen to some Jill Scott and continue on my grind.
Thank you for the MT! #VAlueYourPower!
I'm Ready to grind who wit me
Waiting in customer service lines are the worst.
There is one group I forgot to thank last night: the crowd. One of the most energetic and music-loving crowd I have seen in a while.
We're putting the finishing touches on an extensive update to how tickets are defined. (Based on your feedback!) Big update coming soon.
Buggs! If you have not heard about livingsocial CHECK IT OUT! we will be featured on the instant deals very soon! #followthebuggy!!
Good morning twitter $
At work n its already tryn 2 rain-ATL I know its been hot but all the rain n my hair #notagoodmix lol GM ppl...have a good 1 :-)
Would you be willing to guest post on that, Kim? It would be awesome!
Me too! RT : we are too ! Can you imagine! I have tears in my eyes
Aquitaine on left?
I was thinking elsewhere for the legion of doom; much more brutalist architecture
'Margin Call' nominated for Best Original Screenplay. Stock Market sells off.
There is nothing like getting someone who's having a bad day to crack a smile.If U think it's incompatible w/competition U missed the .
I still
Oh, lol. Still confused but okay! well HAPPY SPRING BREAK compadre.
Hard to wake up this am
Not kidding.. Very serious when it comes to Diet Sunkist lol
Ah! Networking opportunity is wrecked...
thanks for the #FF consider following me also at
if you love something let it go if it returns to u its yours....DMX
Missing my boy :-(
I am worried. Please give an update about the situation!
thanks for the follow!
I'm a spurs supporter. Girlfriend to a spurs fan. Although I don't care for lakers. Sorry. I'm a celtics fan.
Walker Art Center and families take pictures of the stuff they made with family packs and everyone puts them on Flickr.
It is when we all play it safe that we create a world of the utmost insecurity. - Dag Hammarskjold
I looooooveeeeee derby time
Last time I changed my profile picture was two years, 8 months and 21 days ago: the day the subject of my new profile picture was born.
Appointments still available for brewing with Great Lakes tomorrow! Call now!
yes, but I'm seeing some sun peaking now *big smile**
That's what I've heard. You're also the first Cubs fan I've ever heard call A-Ram one of your favorites. Nice to hear that once
I bought it, but have had 2nd thoughts... I'll crack it on your say-so!
Oh you just look familiar!
:'( OMG!! i was SUPPOSED to be there!! but my retarded dad wrecked my car!! :'( :'( i think im gonna die!!
Yay!! congratulation! Maybe I'll root for the Pete Carroll now.
omg where? I'm by the flowersb
Yeah! When I saw your printing I yelled "OMG! I LOVE her!" 2 funny! Have a good weekend!
just checking out some fly threads.... I need a new suit. Most likely for a date or serious business ventures.
Sunday night Dj night 9pm No cover $3 JUMBO Long Islands. (different DJ each week).
Indeed. Thanks for the comment.
that's what I'm saying real world Mexico
Poll: What should I see in Los Angeles? Historical Sites will get preference, probably, but suggest anything.
top talent isn't who is seeking jobs, huh? Not surprised.
NYC here I cone
does the amazingness of her voice on this track make you wanna die or what???
OH 2PAC has a NEW CD coming..
Look at all these empty people Don't you know that misery loves company The misery was looking for me
Kevin McCallister is constantly talking to himself, kinda strange
The Fargo-esque Audi Quattro commercial has it all.just like the Quattro.It definitely beats the beer and pizza commercials, but not Visa's!
Getting caught up in Draw Something. Feel like I'm cheating on Words With Friends
I EFFING LOVE YOU #LAKings !!!!!!
Are you sure this surgery is worth it? I mean this does not sound like something I would want to put myself through!
so gr8! RT : Glad you saw it! RT : Awesome shout out from about on !
IMHO the best part is the " You shoot first!" line.
U wernt perfect but u made life worth it stick around and real feelings might surface
I love that analysts aren't choosing the Bulls to win the east. Bench mob, defensive pressure, rebounding, and reigning MVP
What you eat affects the way your body works and its ability to fight off infections and diseases.
I'm still here!
I feel so bad for Keisha thats not right man she was being bullied thats not right at all
Really not looking forward to this week... SOLs on Monday and Wednesday :(
I have a date with two ten yr olds and some pancakes! Happy Sunday! :)
Will $60 Million For Early Learning Help Close The Achievement Gap? Listen to this radio interview with NCCF Co-Director Sharon Lynn Kagan
It reads: Give large space to the festive dog that makes sport in the roadway
I don't think anyone's Pandora can get any more random than mine: classical , jazz, Lana, Tony Bennett, club, Edith Piaf, and Neil Diamond
I'm coming down Christmas weekend - definitely in on the 24th, maybe 23rd. Leaving 26th. you? Let's meet up!
Laker nation stand up!!! Now sit your ass back down!!! I need this shit to go to 7 games. #Ratings #bitch!
yeah! thursday?
When I'm alone , I think negative .
oh okay. True. Cause you should of been hit the pop page. So how long you had yours for?
oh yeah i kno it lol
#winning is right
thanks, took a lot of work to get to where I am.
Amazing win from the last night! Have you been to a Sounders match this season?
was told today that I am 100% being asked back to work next school year. Job security is A-Okay..
face I heard you n Siegel gonna drop a Mixtape is it true
#Vegas in 12 hours. It's going to be a long night.
Peter can't be trusted with the sale of the house.
Ready to have dinner with my best biotches! I've missed them!!
I MISS YOU!!!
Have some Austin Java or Ken's Donuts delivered right to your office for your next meeting
Because I used to be like the terminator when I was on the mound.
Can one tan in a single day? I actually would like to know. I usually burn, then get slightly browner in a week or so.
I didn't even go to college at SBU and I still have great, fuzzy memories of
we missed you on Christmas Eve!!
i miss Bill Hicks...
If you won a beta key in a contest here or on another site, keys should go out this weekend, after the server folks give the thumbs up!
hey Hun I'm doing fine my ill Chloe is 6 months she's perfect! Did u get a copy of the book yet? Have a read bitch x
Man. My ear is really infected.
Sitting in my room in complete silence for 2 1/2 hours > not a care on ma mind
that's what I'm asking.....(since facebook is down)....."What's happening!!!!???".
Literally nothing can cheer me up anymore. Not even ice cream.
the struggle continues.
I haven't talked to in like.. 8 days :o ...
ha. You have the same view as I do
We hope so too! #LALA cc
awesome! Glad you're liking it so far. Let us know if you like to post ever!
Thanks for the follow Jennifer. Hope to see some tweets from you someday.
Here we go!
oh hm
Me 2 RT : Watching NYPD attack #OWS protestors after protestors removed barricades at Zucotti Park...
watching one missed call. haven't seen this movie in like 2 years.
Wenndy: "Why are they crying?" Me, Courtney: "Because they just won the Super Bowl." Wenndy: "Then why isn't the other team crying?"
just made the sickest shot into my garbage basket but no one was around to see it lol
The Tank Bangers – Our Blue.. | Tourist Driver
#TwSIG introductions: hi folks, I'm Cristian Opazo aka Today I'm part of the "Twitter Culture" panel this afternoon.
Hippy Easter to you too.
the tmobile lady is liv tyler with a frosting.
I bid you goodnight.
you need a button? I have an extra.
"Young Forever" Beauty Seminar has received a very positive feedback. Will coninue doing our next session. Stay tuned!
Skinny ties are also still the newest style. Read more fashion tips on www.SouthFloridaAlerts.com
Its kinda sad when your"bestfriend"would choose smoking over hanging out with you when you had plans with them. I'm seriously sick of people
I <3 my Dallas & Cali peeps ... Dey keep me going.
So my 5th period teacher just had a BF & said I'm getting an F -.-
jen you did a great job. Suzanne committed after the webinar that you are very talented.
Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does.
latest news..im trending in bulgaria
Humidity = inconsistently curly hair
REALLY!? :) I went today, I did legs,abs, arms, I hope I don't get sore tomorrow lol. Which gym you go to?
...Twitter is for stalkers... I'm sorry, this is just too weird for me...
No worries. Never thought about a sub domain as a link environment... might work better with the amount I have. Thanks!
I think is creeping(:
Good luck! RT : Proposal for the research competition: submitted!
Today's the day! Our latest special airs tonight on !
Oh the Reagan card now
where can we see the bat signal?
#np "thinking about you" -frank ocean
( congrats hunn!!!! I love how you stand fern on what you want in life i see i am not the only one who know what she want
Getting ready to take the stage at #mwd20 to talk tech trends for emergency responders
#LetsLunch: Votes are in-Let's post Dads on June 8 & #BBQ in July!
Now if only shipping will get me my gear from #SXSW so I can do the video shoot at the Code for Good event that would be nice....
its cuz i saw my ex twice this week:/
Wish I had a more eventful life, especially on Saturday nights .......
I love to sing and dance but i cant sing infront of ppl. im too shy..so how could i overcome my fear of singing around ppl?
Consuming a 3rd fudgesicle after eating a bowl of ice cream... I might have a problem.
DAILY DEAL: Ellen Degeneres - Here & Now (DVD)
C has 300 employees because "this is not easy to do"
#Seahawks don't want to let Zach Miller leave without a deal.
Thx for Sharing :)
Madison Pharmacy Associates – Weight-bearing exercise becomes more important as you get older, strengthens muscles to protect bones.
ur welcome love
Nothing like coming home after a long work day and seeing my two little girls running to me with open arms.
*smacks you repeatedly*
Anybody wanna go for a ride with me?
done with what
Just saw a 50 something year old bald/fat construction worker wearing UGGS while getting into his car.
I love dumb bitches, they make me look like a genius lol
At Cathedral High School parent information night learning about their One to One program launch. All students to receive iPads next year.
Listening to Mitch Schneider describing Reno's progressive approach to animal control @ #nokill conference. Awesome results, lucky critters.
So the ex is dating some one right now and I had to find out from Facebook. I called and asked hum and he said I should be dating...
whats the opportunity???
might be getting the other side of my nose pierced tomorow
Saw adorable black and white puppy walking along highway ramp. Heartbreaking. Worried about him.
Knows that it's going to take a bit to get out of this funk I've been in.
"If he hits a girl he will rape a girl"
#workday16 continues to support iPhones and iPads and HTML5 compatiable devices. New looks and feel.
Thanks dude. BTW, I don't have info for Gina, but when she visited she said to let her know when it was out. Can you tell her?
Most def! Swing PHI supports equal access to QUALITY healthcare for all. RT Thinks should follow
That makes me upset just thinking about it .
Yea so what if I cry in the end when Arnold terminates himself into the liquid hot metal and then puts a thumb up
I know what you & said over the holidays. I ain't called KSR in months so I can hold a grudge.
he was in florida for playlist live and i stayed in the same hotel as him:)
YOU JOIN I'M NOT SELFISH IT'S PLENTY
What up blood, what up cuz, what up blood, WHAT UP GANGSTER!!!
Off to school! Have a great day my tweeps! (twitter peeps) :)
How many bodies does a #writer; does an #artist occupy?
Lost some homies round the way but god blessed me to see better days only thing bout my grind nigga I can't wait
If you’re the marathon runner – type, you can enjoy 2-for-1’s from now ‘til 7, and all-u-can-drink taps for $10 tonight!
Come on weekend!
Sorry for the radio silence! The next issue of They will be released Mid June 2012. The Los Angeles Issue.
when we going to finally play poker together
Areas experiencing mixed precip will transition to all rain in the later morning hours. Cold rain..high around 40.
blog post?
<3 Go go dolls!
because of that ask i am going to be even worse to you i hope you know
want me to hook it up with a custom layout or you? Haha
Everyone is crashed out as I'm up killing aliens while destroys this drive. -
Saw Greg Oden at the humane society today, the dogs he looked at were the size of his hand
I sense a late night comin' on
A rainy yucky morning called for hot oats on the stove with strawberries and peaches for breakfast. Yum! <U+2615><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0093>
Please RT today is my cuzins bday and u ill make it her best bday ever if u RT so RT?
with thee hottest guy ON EARTH .
insomniainsomniainsomnia. on the upside, check out #garfunkelandoates . they're hilarious & surprisingly sweetly melodic.
Twitter PSA: Sunday is Mother's Day. Don't do anything tonight or tomorrow that you don't want to answer for to mom on Sunday :)
ever? If you insist! Good luck with everything!
you're welcome :)
have a blessed day :)!!
made tapioca tonight and instead of vanilla I added a shot of Disaronno.
Happy Earth Day thanks for the mentions
Today is just a disgustingly terrible day.
Get ripped and shredded with Elite Trainer Max "The Body" at Hollywood Body Club
Ray Bans and avil
We are on a rise!
gg. At least you still have the sickest twitter avatar ever.
Tex got this!!
#MaryPoppins would be an excellent #StripperName. After #Mastering #PoleDancing you could do
Actually, Prime has been amazingly fast for me lately.
Good question #hastac2011: Why do institutions perpetuate ineffective grading? Is it easier for them organizationally?
is it yours?
preachin to the choir! I visited someone tonight during close and was like thank god I don't have to clean that grimey shit
any one of those bars works for me!
What a great day! I love weekends.
We love Rachel Crow!!!! So awesome!!!
Shale Gas Export Boom: Planned All Along? - Firedoglake
Everyone tell to be patient please! Mkay ahaha
Who took the picture of you on the potty??
Oh My God That Was The Biggest Fail Of My Life!!! Lmfaoo but I got back up & walked it off like a champ! Lol #itwasscary #totalblonde hahaha
So good to see signs of life at Paste. You're the best!
Could be. Could be. Will have to see. Don't know about legalities across state lines, as I mentioned. That's the real question.
Gerald: I suppose society is wonderfully delightful?
I think I'm in love w sleep
Maybe, though that might even be the point?
#Survivor Kim won. we all predicted it. good job
you're welcome . sure, I'll try :)
Good morning. I think a squirrel got into my attic.
is it that naked guy from Friends? Wondered what happened to him.
I feel like a scary movie, some popcorn, and for everybody to SHUT UP. After I beat my family in Sorry that is.lol
I am victorious!
This game is brutal if you backing the
Hi Kaya! I'm looking forward to hearing your presentation for Monday's ITTL event at Henry's 12th Street Tavern.
i do that too but not to that extent
“: February 1st you can go get your shoes shined!!!!” Come say Hello! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008B><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Off to the gym!
so how about I texted and this trick did not text me back !
easy one :)
I am officially addicted to #househunters - both domestic and international.
I cannot wait until PTV's album comes out!! and Warped Tour!!
I was just checking out your recent images--very cool!
Im debating on whether to get a LeBron jersey or Kevin Garnett or Kevin Durant. Hm.
It wud be the best thing evr to get it bfor i dye my hair
girl Nah I just dropped my mother back home. Took her to see Anthony Hamilton concert for mothers day.
You we're supposed to be there for me... But I guess I was wrong, you promised me... You FUCKING lied. I thought you we're different. Bitch.
I believe that S Voice is just a lawsuit from Apple waiting to happen...
Ask, Seek, Knock
Getting up am after 4-5 hrs of sleep 2 days in a row...brutal! But I'll survive. It's easier than I thought. Will get 8hrs again tomorrow
ugh im to bored class dont kick off 10:20 so im back to sleep i go
Music like usual :-D lol!! Got anything new?
Eve 6 listening party at Phi Mu Alpha 8:30 Pm prizes to be raffled!
what??! Yeah downtown Westerville. Other fav bakery is Resches in Whitehall.. Both pretty life changing.. Good luck!
just cause it be late and im tired, i suppose... True and True. Now, don't disappear again. Miranda.
Looking for tips on #socialnetowrkingfornonprofits focused on #internationaldevelopment Help!
menu bella, chef!!
i agree.....way too much!
Somebody should test Rondo's headband for psychedelics. Sometimes, he's just in another basketball world.
It's the Pillsbury Bake-Off way, I suppose.
I did not know you could do a dual boot to ICS on the touchpad. Where have you seen that?
watching " Waking Ned Devine" with my parents and Huey. god afternoon
I dunno what I'm more excited for, seeing my best friend tomorrow or leaving for pcb with him Sunday :)
Roger Waters is coming up and I'll probably miss out ! That's what happens when I don't save my money
Indeed, sir. As if didn't have already enough overload, now succumbed to the dark side, and lo', becometh caste a twitterer
see for yourself..
MERRY BRITMIS GOD SAVE THE QUEEN ...... Queen Britney
Thank you!!
Every adversity, every failure, every heartache carries with it the seed of an equal or greater benefit. - Napoleon Hill
hey sexy :)
oh that will definitely motivate me more than anything else.
Fifth Suggestion, Work on spending at least thirty minutes catching up on the days' goings on and let her talk you listen.
Support Boundless Arts Collective at the April Fools Carnival at ACT on Sunday. Kids + Arts = Boundless fun!
Being with a family like that kinda makes me feel like I am part of that family not gonna lie Its a great feeling just wish Itd last forever
Textbook White Person: going to Plaid Pantry to get Mac n' Cheese.
You better believe it baby!
I fucking love my family.
you're welcome!
... god you can tell you went to a bootcamp
I've never seen a smiling face that was not beautiful
Don't tell me I can't do something,don't you know that I love testing you.
hi! Only just got back from a trip. Will look for a space in the morning
I influence people every day <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Yu Are My Life, Yu Are My World.
yep wat ur plans for today
Other than thw Bulls, which team is in the biggest trouble
For the record #Nikki you sound like 50 CENT for real lol and you don't wanna be in the same category as him lol
Be You.
I hate when people send 50-11 invites for a standing monthly meeting. Learn how to "set recurrence", pretty please.
W.stickam/serraphfilms.net What we are shooting today....
jk ily aye ab says that you should date him o
Lets go GATORS! #WHOOP!
Damn this weather!!! Grrr!!!
wats up.....where r u going to school at....and y u not following me nigga
and nearly $70,000 raised tonight at the charity event.
Look up a band called powderburn they are an awesome local band in Tx
All i'm tryna do is get this money up... yep... and the rest will follow.
RT : cuz you eat up all our food! ;-)
We agree. #interns know this all too well. RT : One of the secrets of life is to make stepping stones out of stumbling blocks.
For a chance to win a TRIP FOR 2 TO CANCUN, come to Tavern Tech Center Thur., 3/22 from 7-9:00 PM!! Join Alice Radio's Slacker & Steve...
Dude at bar->“I want a girl that likes sports, action movies, and handjobs."...Sounds like you want a straight dude that puts out.
love you Tim! You make me want to go be more! Good luck as a Jet, take care and #godbless!!
Note to self: bananas bought at 7-11 five days ago are delicious.
That's the way to use Knowshon!
Good luck man and welcome to Bmore!
Just Bought A 2012 Calendar!
I think it was a peach-flavored Bartles & James wine cooler. Truly awful stuff, but they were quite popular in the late 80s.
lmfaooooo okay okay I'll try all of those!
life i learn can only blows if u allow it too if u let shit get to u then yeah it can blows just learn to say fuck it
Made it to for ' Dine Out for Life event!
congrats bud!!
Toupestache? RT : Sometimes, I wonder if Geraldo's mustache is even real.
Justin Bieber is talented so don't even go there i'd like to see you do what he does
sadly, volt contracters don't get pro club discounts & yelp person was quoting $240/month standard prices (?!?!)
As for debating the bible.I could think of many things I would enjoy debating more.
one time I broke one wrist and sprained the other in a dirkbike crash #ouch No drumming then.
I'm sorry to disagree but Arizona is. Former QB coach is the head coach and Larry Fitzgerald will help manning more than decker
I HAVE TO SHOWER. but i'm so distracted by everything!
Thanks!! An internship/gig/whatever you wanna call it haha
Sleepwalking more prevalent than you think. Watch HCMC sleep expert Michel Cramer Bornemann MD on Tuesday morning!
ur SO LOVED
so you love tom felton now too? well i love him more! so hah!even more then rob pattinson! and thats alotttt!
what about Hollywood? Lakers get full 18,997 every night. Any night.
thought about, but I like fur, not feathers. LOL!
Met a patron from where I used to live- her son goes to a school I volunteered at!
Wait what? Connections between vg culture now and early film culture?
I wonder how many of the ingredients in today's Oreo are the same as in the Oreo from 100 years ago.
I'm joining in thanking for shining light on LGBT families in their May 2012 issue!
Rachel Mc'Adams is in every good love movie!! The Notebook, The Vow, The time travelers wife!!
Love the uniforms!
Performing at "Clairiton High School" at 12pm & "Capa High School" at 7pm Tomorrow
Definitely. This would encourage thinking of museums like coffee houses and the like. A comfortable, welcoming space.
Happy New Year!!!
Let's go Pacers!!!
did you want a bud light from a dog?
Yup! We'll be there ready to Foos at 2. See you there!
its fine :P
4 what if wanna be apart of something. Can if help
I don't yo man cause I got it like that but it aint even gonna be like that he he he
Bass at #eli2012: NSSE high impact practices are good example of learning analytics, but overlooked as resulting activities hard to measure?
Ya ever feel like just listening to The Jonas Brothers sometimes? Yea thats me everyday.
WHO CARES. I MET ATL.
When fat girls say guys like big girls.
Ah nice job #uppers with the Jill Scott song.
charcoal+Weber-propane=
V this is why Im single.... because I can't stop callin bitches bitches lol
They got me yummy treats from Buddy Squirrel and a fun floppy garden hat. They're the best kids ever! Haha :)
One of my teenagers on why Facebook vs. a phone call, "Facebook is more immediate, phone calls go to voice mail." What does this = in edu?
Maybe I will put off learning all about this server stuff until the morning.
MT : "We journalists have helped create a nation of news illiterates" - Knight Foundation's Eric Newton at
compulsive liars. WHAT TO DO with them. why is it they make it into something other than what they want to hear! yeah pls tell me???
Very cute! How are you all?
Finally a day off..!
Everything you're hearing Emery say is what I was hoping to find at WR. & it makes me think more & more they assume Knox out for '12.
Next Alternative to Open Three New Facilities to Accommodate Expected Growth N4H.DE
R u sure about that? I heard they're cute when they're young, but hard to handle when they become teens. Like humans, but worse.
during a review isn't everything looked at? That wasn't a judgement call, flat out penalty.
It seems to me that the #Clippers play better with EB in the floor!
playing #Up with Cristiano in phone. Oh wait, thats me! playing with myself(:
Who wants more followers? Give us a #FF and we'll hitcha back!
I'm at currently. The other guys are
Happy birthday !
Awww im so srry hope you get better! Im right with you cuz of allergie season. Perfect timing
Thanks for the #Shoutout!
In Florida, the executioner is paid a rate of $150 an execution.
While in public i used Siri to set a reminder for myself to buy challah and bagels. My reputation is well deserved.
FYI - Obama will be in Downtown Bellevue this Friday
RT : From an electricity generation/emissions standpoint, "dirtiest" an #EV will ever be is on the day you buy it.
“: Bad day + good wine = #balance.” agree!
How are you hopelessly happy with all of that rain in Seattle?! I can't handle just the clouds in NY in April sometimes! CHEERS!
What's really in chalopa? Taco Bell meat is what type of meat?
Your daily 4-mile bike commute will save about 66 gallons of fuel per year. If just one person in a thousand were to follow your lead in...
lol i will :)
Mahomies this has been a long day for us(: We are family though<3 Love you all.
I know you would. NEVER too late.
There's something weird about the way 's Dave Miller keeps underlining the word "man" in describing the mayoral victors.
Do I need to make a reservation for Valentine's day?
1 thing that makes being sick with a cold better is Watching #Khloe&Lamar Marathon...can't wait for the new season tonight
"Everything you can imagine is real." - Pablo Picasso
Time's up.
EL kitchen is ready to cook for you on Sunday. Yummy Winter Squash Soup on menu & other goodies to make your week healthy & nutritious!
Can't believe I'm here in the land of #SwampPeople. Where are you Troy?
Chris Davis just struck out one of the best hitters in the AL, Adrian Gonzalez.
Any friends/colleagues at the CDS Meeting this week? What are you looking forward to? What are your goals? We'd love to hear them!
Thanks! I have 12 new ones. I think that means I don't have a 'definitive' one. Agh. :D
Is there a softball team this year? Let me know your schedule, because my son used to LOVE going to the games!
You still exist! We believe in you!
got any questions send em in we are about to start recording. Any thing you want to ask go ahead!!
I heard you made it to the 2nd round. Congratulations bro. I thought about trying out myself. I know you will do fine.
Happy Fat Tuesday!!!
Tons of party/studio pics and music available at www.myspace.com/dubhelix!!
One year ago: Two suicide bombers attacked paramilitary police recruits heading home after months of training in northwest Pakistan,
u slay me wordsmith wino. “: Scruffy appearance? I hardly ever rise to the sartorial level of the bindle-stick toting hobo.”
that show made me quit TV again.
Lol I feel So fat right now
Empty pockets never held anyone back. Only empty heads and empty hearts can do that.
Hopefully, I won't have to walk or stand in line when I get there! LOL
"The only dreams that matter are the ones you have when you're awake." - John O'Callaghan
I wanna text you and tell you what's on my mind but, I always feel like I'm either bothering you or wasting your time.
HAI KYRA. IM DOING SCIENCE DURING GYM OR LUNCH YOLO. THE ROLLING STONES MAG THAT WE WERE INTERVIEWED IS OUT.
625 by the bridge has the rankest smell none to man <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7>
I love You TOO Much Going Mindless
SOX: In 2010, Danel Nava's first #MLB HR was a grand slam. Will Middlebrooks accomplished that feat in the 5th inning today as well.
hope this was resolved. Let me know.
“: Let's be real, sick days are actually hungover days.”
I hate when people try to use me!!!.
thank you Dennis -- boys high jump and girls pole vault is just what I needed. stay safe out there!
Need a mammogram? How about a physical? Blood work? It’s all free with healthcare reform!
got Arduinos if you need em
nice meeting you via John 3:15 Blog Hop. Keep up the good work!
Rex who do we like in the race tomorrow? Daddy needs a new pair of shoes so let me know who to bet on.
thank you other bro :$. Ire son, don't worry ;) love you!
How?? Who is playing for free?
#JeremyLin has been discussed in EVERY panel discussion I've attended so far yet only 45% of attendees think he's a brand. Disconnect?
It almost feels like a rhetorical question at this point.
not even trying to look cute today !
vs is going to b a classic. Two vets goin at it.
I think they will keep the big 3 win or lose I just think they will be aggressive to try and getting big time players
Happy Birthday Ray! At this point I am convinced you are simply not human.
I'm addicted.
FEDERAL IS U.S. district courts, US courts of appeal, U.S. Supreme Court
President #Obama says same-sex couples should be able to get married during interview
thanks sweetie! Miss you too
Heading 2 the state fair at 7 to go show off our piece. Will b there till the 26th. So go check out our piece and vote for it so we get loot
You Neva Sleepy
Haha, no he hadn't paid for them!
omg chris followed me!
Macho Man = KG
Usually either July 1 - June 30 or Aug 1 - July 31. that would be great!
What has four legs but can't walk? A paralyzed dog. zing!
too many tweets within a certain time period apparently lol
Thank christ I only give advice to YP about saying no with sex, b/c I am beyond unqualified to teach them how to say it to anything else.
Ami Saraiya. Tonight. 9pm. Hungry Brain.
Good Morning! It's so good to be home, still playing catchup, but there's hope that the light will show at the end of the tunnel! :)
Lauren Berger to release All Work, No Pay w Random House Jan 3. #NACEBite college tour coming this fall!
My wit is quick.
I miss my blue eyed blonde
Purple Pig wins. But can we plan a pork/pie/milkshake party soon for no good reason but to have pie?
Tom Barrett just made his way down State Street, stopping to shake hands in various cafes and coffee shops.
THANKS YOU SO MUCH FOR RETWEETING
Anderson U Mobile #eli2012 tier incentives: mobile device, hardware/software stipend, course buyout of stipend equivalent
So now J refocuses class activity every few minutes.
Love the follow and thank you for helping me find a new friend. *hugs*
Haha you've definitely blossomed since then, and she was a tomato!!
How scary for SF Giants to be 0-3 (w/ Lincecom & Cain losses) & sending Zito to the hill? Hope he keeps it up; hasn't hidden from criticism
Avoid fruits and nuts. You are what you eat. -Jim Davis
Commencement is today! If you haven't already, be sure to come down to campus to see all the work before it comes down tomorrow!
MY DEMI TICKETS COME THIS WEEK.
Did an amazing job and looked very sexy as usuall!
Today, Re-Grand Opening of King Soopers at 3100 S. Sheridan, Denver. We'll be here until 1pm sampling our delicious Italian sausage.
I'll be your girlfriend if you'll be my #boyfriend in #3hours :) deal??;)
agreed. But at least they advertise correctly
sorry I missed it....sounds like a great topic.
Omg ! She bet not say wat I.think.she is
“: Just had a great time interviewing Take a listen to his lovely song "HONEST LOVE" thanks Juno!
Just set up twitter on my phone...it's this newfangled thing you can do. I'm so hip!
and the question to ask is how can we afford new rec centers? aren't we financially strapped?
Hey ppl all I can say is a good nights rest can do wonders for you especially when it's Friday!!!!!!
It can never be bought or borrowed or sold A gift to be cherished, True friendship is a treasure beyond compare.
anyone else tweeting #lillywebsites ?
ya likewise. This just means more gin & tonics saved up for next weekend instead.
Can not wait to move out of my house...
you as well my friend!
Tonight is the worlds largest firmans parade in the world. As part of the Apple Blossom festival. <OVER THE LIMIT12>
Have fond memories of listening to DFD/GM on vinyl on a scratchy turntable in lieder class.
Damn straight! RT “Give a girl the right shoes, and she can conquer the world.” - Marilyn Monroe
thank you!!
“: Sexxy... Next Thursday I wanna go to Kit Kat Lounge... U should come!!” yes I'm totz down :D
I'm dirty
how was your flight ? (:
RT : RT : Steve okc exemplifies the opportunity natural gas is bringing to communities n country”
AHH, Piky's going into labor! She just gave birth to one puppy who looks just like her. It's SO tiny. PUPPIES!!! :)
THANKS DUDE U ARE AWESOME!
Cnt wait to get tf outa of dis house a d wack ass state on some real shit
sugar coma!
Tie dye for the Class of 2016? #EarlyStart!!!
YESS U ARE!!
yak overflow?
really?! I think I'm gonna order one!
is spent! Oprah then BED :-D
ten tell her wen u get home u have a new fone
OMG you are going to love the Merlin series. Also Betancourt did a pre amber series, the story of Oberon.
K 15 mins till showtime. Join me live for another saucy episode of "Single Chef". Chicken w/orange tarragon sauce: www.theroomlive.com
Well, i guess we have to drink all the beers in the fridge
January we play the Hypnotic Lounge and you better be right up front!
Touchdown #Giants!
The work day is flying by. Getting closer to my 3 day weekend!
hey luv..Today is my birthday, by Faver congratulate me? luv u 2
I have to resist today. I've had cuppity twice in the past 2 weeks and they are seriously the most delicious in KC!
Watching mean girls in choir.<3
ineed a new ringtone :D Any Suggestions ?(:
Just let Billy's guns speak for all of us.
Who's that cute girl? Can you get me her number? Haha
Profoundly sadden at learning about the passing of Yauch. RIP MCA.
both are important views can help you get sales. But if you have know sales how do you make money in music? Shows? Writer?
Do you have any recs for great greek food here in SD?
We're back from a long weekend in #Napa and #Sonoma with lots of new wine on its way. Did you discover any new favorites recently?
he looks like Andy Warhol/David Bowie to me.
Alex, you are such an amazing friend to Austin! I hope you two get to see each other a bunch!
Thanks for the Brown Dog Day wishes. I hope your Brown Dog Day Dance was a great joy
I seriously think and I might just be doing a dance dare while on this trip..
Im one in a million and a love like mines is hard to find.
HAHAHAH HEY! lol im on this account
yes yes yes yes yes yesyesyesyes sognegnksrlkhrh es,r
do you want to meet me at wardrobe at 11? then we can meet Melanie from there.
We killed!
Our patience will achieve more than our force.
Barack Obama didn't care about same sex marriage for his first three and a half years... all of a sudden a change of heart? Pathetic.
Your not trust me! It takes a lot for me to get annoyed (:
Well then I'm have the not being able to go tomorrow & I HAVE to go tomorrow! & I'm broke again. lmao
Now Obama wants to strike Iran...really..oh its election time
WANT TO TURN YOUR COINS INTO CASH???? We can do that for you at our Coinstar Kiosk.
Uggh! Illness over but the energy drain remains. Any tips for regaining energy QUICKLY! State meet in 2 1/2 weeks!
Do u think this prompting to evolve HELPS his campaign or that the topic will fair better under President Romney?! Come on!!
Happy drinko de mayo!
Dzeko, in a heartbeat. Instantly. Even for like £20m and current wages. Matri? Only for cheap.
every one was like disliking your how to get kicked out of Walmart vid ur coke and mentos vid and I was like wtf ppl?
damn right i'll follow someone named
I can't say that I have. What does it do?
Me and fight like sisters!!
If goodell was a bad commish, we very well might not be watching this draft
are they sunglasses or for reading?
sigh.I don't have the time/energy/letter space to condense constitutional law n2 a format that u will understand
omg yea. Haha thts so weird
Like newsflash employers can see that shit so your just dumb for always talkin about
everyone follow guaranteed 100 followers a day
In many European countries, tradition dictates that any man who refuses a woman's proposal on Feb 29 has to buy her 12 pairs of gloves
It's friday, its friday, yeah I know (;
RT : Graduating MFA student Nathan installing his work for the MFA exhibition opening this Sat (@ Sweeney Art Gallery)...
I think i should have went with hosting miss universe ; ) These woman are beautiful
“: If I ever meet Nathan, I'll Pick him up, Then runaway screaming "YOLO" hahaha
is that Kobe Steak?
Being thin is no fun you fit into everything. I like to struggle in & out my clothes.
The mind is full of unconscious static, tracking back to the very depths of infant memory.
it was great to see so many faces at #bcs2012 I haven't seen in so long
RT I think we should try to get #OptionsOpen trending on here for !! That would be amazing! <3. I second this!
Shopping and following Twitter.
Every other tweet in my timeline is from people telling where they rep.
Should I go to school today??
Thanks to all our members who stopped by Thursday night. We're officially open now! Hours are 4pm-2am Sun-Thurs / 4pm-230am Fri&Sat
I want my life to be exactly like
I have seen death I have stared it in the eyes; trust me life's just begun. Be strong and live on.
": Um fuck your mother."Uh really? ??? Hailey! !!! Ur language. Drop a check in the mail. Ill email u ur invoice :-)
Sometimes you’ve just gotta leave work early to have a drink. Today is one of those times. 2-for-1’s til 7:00!
have to big bro. Come visit real soon
Happy to RT : Anytime anyone mentions #stopchildabusetoday will donate $1 to
I'm glad you all liked it...let me know of future things!
it wouldn't be the same without you ! =)
i won a #blackhistory trivia event last night! however black history=american history. it is 365 days a year, not 28 (29) days in 1 month.
When I Saw Essence TL In Class , I Was Like " You Follow Him Too , He Cute As Shiiiiiit " .
's #BornVillain is a kick in the cunt of his detractors & critics, a fondling of your GF's tits, & a thematic soundtrack. ‡
Hm What's going on with my baby
Will do. I just sent an email to you & Lori. The 1st attempt failed.
Juzz hangin out with the homey gnome!!
why do u judge colored skinny jeans
What, were they all outta Listerine?
The Fluke/War on Women thing is the biggest political miscalculation since McCain suspended his '08 campaign to help bankers.
You post one thing about lingerie and get 5 new followers.
WENT TO BED EARLY AND I WAS HAPPILY ASLEEP BUT NO
The chant that Jaz made for our 12 group>>
same here! Headed to sxsw on Wednesday, though.
This burger >>>>
where does one find not terrible looking shoes with good support for a price that will allow me to keep my limbs?
That would have been bogus AF doe
I'm blushing! Thanks for the compliments.
Sweet home chicago
"If you're not dead... than you're ok"- Eric XDD
Ok, no problem! I like to help!
Thank you for your #mobile accessibility preso at #AccessUSummit. Lots of great info!
new book-binding supplies are on their way, but i'm getting antsy... must. make. something. by. HAND.
#The_Minutes_Of_Madness_Underground_Artist_Showcase_Mixtape Coming Soon, Stay Tuned... S/O
couldn't agree more.
workshop today. Will talk with artisans about promoting themselves for the March 31-April 1 Marketplace.
defiantly! Looking forward to it
NFL Games are on our 28 TV's! Weather is beautiful!
Road Trip!
you're welcome for the vote and thanks for a great product.
Let go of all that is out of your control and just flow.
LilLightHouse Thanks for the follow. Next time you're surfing, stop by our place. (www.wsistratcom.com)
Campfire toast to y'all!
someone should have recorded that
Why does my computer choke whenever I try to send an Excel workbook?
Aww thank you!
What I meant to say is that the blogs I vote for always loses, but it doesn't matter..since I personally found new blogs to read.
DON'T THINK LIKE THAT!! Stay positive! There's a lot more rejection then anything in this business so you have to stay strong &
Ridiculous billboard! When teachers are treated with respect, it's good for schoolchildren. ensures that happens.
#livetweets from church: "remain in me and i will remain in you." You cannot be serious.
One of the main reasons the Post Office is so jacked-up are the passports. It slows the line to a crawl.
I just DM you the info for the Friday Special!
I want to work for Major League Baseball
haha sorry guys!! Just text me on my iPod.
Seems like the past always comes back the second you've found your future
yeah i think i'd be whining too if i had a quarter billion coming from adidas...wait, what?
People irritate me
Watch out Obama here comes Newt....and if you base it on political record alone....Newt blows Obama out of the water.
honestly, I don't even know what a friday or a 420 means
Landing the perfect roleplaying group is statistically similar to finding a gold bar lodged in the carcass of a 200 year old shark.
Just need to snuggle with mom and dad tonight... :'-(
it's official: kelsey's birthday is over. we have sleeping child; repeat: we have sleeping child...
Agriculture loves easy to exploit illegals. We find out how bad it is, when they try to hire Americans to do the same work for slave wages
GET TAN TODAY!! *Specials* Buy 5 Instant Tans for $65! Buy 5 UV Tans and get 2 FREE! Buy 5 Skinny Waters and get 1 FREE WEEK of TANNING!
Haha, great to have you. Share it with some friends so we can expand the community and have more foodies to eat with!
Need to reserve a room for my daughters' birthdays in early March. Need to discuss details with you or someone bro.
Thanks for the follow! This IS my personal account, where I sometimes say things I wouldn't say on :)
hey, did I say you could play "me"?
RT Don't Check 4 Me.. Unless U Got A Check 4 Me. <U+2665>
Hate staying hone ALONE
Giving away bags of lettuce at the shop today! Come grab one. There's only so many vegetables a gal can eat.
You can do it till June.
Morning all! I'll be live tweeting from the for #linkAges -- redefining successful aging through disruptive innovation
“: Used too much Aquifer this mornin on my arm. lookin like a KY wrestler. This shit gets everywhere” <--thats my boss haha :)
you too dear Janice, hope you have a fabulous Friday~~ thanks for thinking of me.
It's not Sunday yet, duh! ;-)
w00t! Congrats to our friends over for being feautred in list of #mothersday gifts for good!...
hahaha the yell before yu go down
Sorry about that folks, API responses are back to normal!
Hey, , did you have a location in mind for the tweetup? Seemed June 10 was working for people, and that's only a month away!
as you should
Today, outside my window, I heard a baby in a stroller accidentally say the word, haiku. I HATE babies.
Don't try to play me for a fool.
thanks for the follow I re tweeted one of yours
Kimmi is singing Don't Stop Believin. Hoosier karaoke complete. Until the next song.
I used to say, that damn Skip Bayless is cynical but usually right. Got to see another side on
neither would i trade her for anything . Nothing can ever be better then her. She has my everything. Heart. My life and soul
The feeling when I'm with you is the exact reason why I never gave up on you when everyone else said to stop trying
Happy to have you, Cheers! RT Didn't think about being on Twitter. Following them now.
#followme while I try and change my body to a slimer one :)
I hope by going "Ari" on him he means he will eat so much sushi he gets mercury poison and almost dies
I gotta RESTify come up in the spot looking extra stateless.
Heading down now!
": DO THIS NOW: Type "find chuck norris" into Google and hit "I'm feeling lucky"." This is funny
no shes not
Lauren Terrill and I
Perhaps George Zimmerman received plastic surgery in the back of the cruiser to correct his broken nose?
Should hit out west tonight but (C)ynthia,(T)iffany,and( A)ntionette don't be acting right about this time!!
I feel you in my bones. You're knocking at my windows.
I want this settled. Ball is in the other court now.
god damn i'm jealous
Planning a weekend in Louisville. Any restaurant recommendations? Breakfast, lunch, and dinner advice needed!
omg. You never fail to tweet random things<3
Hey! Morning Show returns TONIGHT @ 11 w/ Taylor Negron, Stone & Stone, Function for Fiction + guest co-host Phil Wells! Don't not be there!
After last night's #SOA I'm putting money on Michael Chikliss showing up next season. Takers?
you're an OLD, UGLY, FAT, BITTER BITCH...good luck!!....not.
can't wait to meet you on the 28th!
Time for #CMLbookchat! Tonight we are talking about books from your academic past. It's back to school month, so why not?
Just how does a grown man in a superhero tights get fingers sticky enough to climb walls? Nana-nana-nana Onanman!
Loving how fast my new MacBook Pro (8GB RAM) blows through transcoding. Very convenient for jobs where I have to operate out of a car.
Knowing the semester is ending only makes me think of how homesick I may be this summer when I'm abandoned by my friends in Bg.
flyers female fans have massive beer guts
- yep, on my way too.
Where are you, superstar? Are you in New York? :)
There are about a million ants per person. Ants are very social animals and will live in colonies that can contain almost 500,000 ants.
Blog For the People Not the Money.
The yellow fever
there's good for those who love God; it might take a little time, but you'll see the bigger picture...press on and fight the good fight
Getting ready for work.
RT your best #cashback reward from this week!
Plainfield did good but we couldnt come out with the win against New Pal, county next week
yes he trying to take me out to the beach! he bout to drive from ft lee to williamsburg to va beach! wahhh
Yeah, never tried it, was playing way too much Quake at that time.
I'm watching Never Say Never man I haven't seen it in soo long ;,) .......OMB. I just AH!!!
“: I don't wanna see where the world will be if women start thinking like men.. God made us different for a reason.”
I know you're right and we needed Marcum to get Greinke, but ughh. Next year is going to suck.
why did that one girl like my status on Facebook. she just needs to get out
going to the pool with my momma <333
It's definitely not a science but you can the scientific method for some of it and you can use observation for more
#NeverHaveIEver owed so much to a band for saving my life, as well as blessing it.
Like it up Crimson Management
#what #are #you #talking #about?
lol I know. It made my night ha.
just sent out two external emails in which I misspelled "Pennsylvania."
Morning. Man, just been sleeping like a bear lately so trying to get up to speed quickly.
7:45 dentist appointment tomorrow AM is not cool.
Fake Foreverfly that's that shit I don't like!!
it's the context that makes it work
RT News confirms veteran television and radio personality Dick Clark has died at 82 >> aww, so sad.
black crown is not one individual george , we are a team and we support you:)
lol girl u crazy...u paranoid...u got ppl watching u or something? Lol nah dats cool u better get one!!!:-)
Had a HS lit teacher grind that into me. So painfully true.
i really felt bad when sponge bob ripped his pants lol that song was moving
where u at?
life form footprint
I swear I'm looking at Buddy Garrity here at the #NYLA11 trade show. The resemblance is uncanny, down to the gold chain.
I know. I just had to vent—typo and all.
Keys to a Steeler win against the Patriots dlvr.it/sP7nk
it was only 10 min. but it made my day #Austrem <3 thank you
you dance horribly, but i like it becuz its funny... there is no hating... its like falling in love with an ugly person
I can't do that sober. But I'm also not saying I'm sober.
#FridayReads is still #NBCC winner Binocular Vision by Edith Pearlman. I am SO slow tho it is SO good. 5 New Yorkers to catch up on too.
look at you doe growing up so fast :)
What are you planning to do for #EarthDay?
Glad I got to see friends from FAMU today... Made my day
Going to sleep now. Hope you all have a great night. Please do show your moms you love them! <3
i write for like 650 words before i start the "actual paper." oh boy my professor's not going to be happy. but it is a STELLAR PAPER
Just saw previews for#SnowWhiteandtheHuntsman..looks dark and dangerous. Feels more like a winter flick but can't wait to see it this summer
At American Apparel today, it looks like 1990 threw up.
A (very lucky bastard) friend of mine went to the premiere last night, so I learned of it from his Facebook. So cool!
PickUpLine: If I gave you a sexy negligee, would there be anything in it for me?
"Can you guys fucking watch your language?" -Mark Tenenbaum.
I can't believe you are in Palatine! Nothing cool ever happens here... except for you coming, of course!
“Females are programmed to look for older men w/ resources, while males are still programmed to look for younger women w/ adoring gazes."
Uh i guess ill work on this paper now.. merr
lmao!! You mean you don't like it? Shocking :-)
Thanks for the recs and
i get home from the gym all sweaty and gross, and john bernthal from #thewalkingdead is sitting in my living room. WTF
verizon, straight cash homie. like moss. they had to fed ex heem for me cuz its too exclusive
but we ain't though lol..unless u married with a azz of kids
#SomebodyLetMeKnowWhen it's dark outside, it's been midnight inside my souls for centuries.
KY playing half ass and still up twelve. Holding scoring Juggernaut Florida to 26 pts. Time to get on the wagon.
this poetry project <<<<<<<
Once upon a time their was an awkward night, well that turned into an "Awkward Breakfast". Check out they have great music. <U+2665>
lol she's a fool!
please DM him or tweet him that he have to follow me because i'm his biggest fan! Please!
I haven't seen that one! I'll have to check it out!
I think that's an excellent idea, Colin.
Where's Diddy when you need him?! Lol RT : Adam Scott looks like he's about to hit up an all-white party
I take that back, he beat the tag.
thanks for new follows!
Ain't no mountain high enough to keep me from gettin to u... Unless itz an actual mountain, den fuck dat shit....
TALK THAT TALK....MONEY TALK
I need a quarter I ain't messing with no dime piece ,
still anxiously awaiting your return to #SanDiego minus the sore throat! Lol! PEACE!
New pic you like
I swear by it One Direction will go gay for eachother(:
As long as you’re going to be thinking anyway, think big. – Donald Trump
I don't have any poles to set up my tent!
These bitches Smh..ready start messing with white girls..
M Baba Yega grilled salmon. Oh how I've missed you.
Not a resident of Ulster, however I am working on a new Net Zero House in New Paltz! Story on the design process w/ client?
#OTRC Michelle Tuzzi you look gorgeous!
as am i!! So many people can't wear wool, even the softest kind. You're my inspiration! :)
Defense stepped up when it mattered the most...still a work in progress....8-0 and still haven't played their best ball..that's scary
Game: Blouses.
Date night with wifey. Last one before the baby is here. Last one for about 18 YEARS!!!!
Blessed. New horizons, and some of the best ones are present daily. Gratitude.
I love you so much sweetie, Happy Birthday sweetie, have a great day.
The movie Cruel Intentions is crazy messed up haha
Airball free throw by Nene. Tiago does it all the time. My mom asked if the basket is closer to the FT line in Brazil. haha
Dr. Larry Rosen. Average teenager sends/receives 3417 (boys) 3952 (girls) texts a month. And apron 200 calls.
lmao I knw I was just thinking about it all random! Do remember?
he was totally into it. Drinking a corona. Living the lifestyle.
Good Bye St. Louis!!! Kings sweep and eliminate the Blues. 3-1 final from LA
"improve your life with a dose of vintage-styled Asia-pop brilliance" bit.ly/zLHqnS // Thanks for your kind words
It's almost the weekend! Time to hit up some friends on :)
Oh you gotta be f$@(&;$ kidding me. I'm in pain.
#TRUTH! Lovely! re: : If tonight's moon moves nothing within you, you could be a robot.
New single Desolate up now!!! moody plodding darkness;)
Just saw all my plans for the fall go "POOF" into thin air.// Oh no! Is there a Plan B?
happy birthday sir. Have a good one
whaddya all throw at soccer games out there, anyway?
Waiting on the second run for ladies GS at the J2 Nationals at #Sugarloaf!
#Lions won!!!! time to #rollup :]
LOVE the 6-word memoir - what great exercise idea for your kiddos. RT Bringing the #6wordmemoir format to Reach this week.
lol. The only thing I always do in class is talk to much.
Thrilled to be following one of my favorite people in the world!!!!
The moon is beautiful.
Love my morning walks with my dog, Bodhi, especially on a day like today. Never knew mornings could be so good... till Bodhi!
Not my decision.
Good Morning @ Everybody Have A Blessed Day ... Watta Bout Them Mavs <>YeEzZeRr ...... The lil 3 <<< Did they CHOKE .... YES SIR !!!
": #Aries live passionately" -Indeed
Case of the Mondays
Old people think they can say anything lol.
that would come in handy on those cold winter mornings
I'm headed to Goggleworks after MidDay Cafe to buy a glass thing for Pippa's gig tomorrow. Artsy shopping in Reading, PA.
Just came from hooping
i know this twittering is alot of work need more followers lets go
dude! Respond to my DM :p
no. That's just BAD basketball.
understands me.
“: For the love of #winewednesday ”
Guess that's a good example of "be careful what you wish for" :(
RT : your fart sounded like a #moo :P
All day smoke sum weed
On my way to see Wit. Tissues ready to go. I hate when my bosses see me cry.
Smh thats shady can't trust nobody
#Jeter is on fire.
You still haven't followed me. :/
Gonna make my boo feel real special later ;))
As leaders we should not be snooping for bad teacher behavior but we need courage to address it when it surfaces.
sorry for the late response... But yes! Real Madrid
Why he has to be so childish ..it makes me not like him
You inspired my existing.
Revenge u r everything right now
Your account has been compromised (I got a DM). Reset your password(s) and check the list of verified services on Twitter.
Up at the crack of yawn.
Whats your favorite obstacle?
Ingesanity? That's awesome.
And now my twitter feed is going to be full of more basketball
definitely! The music label work sounds like a lot of fun!
home from india and officially back to work today!
I'm a pro indexer, encountering Cambridge's XML coding for the first time. Want to compare notes re process. Anyone?
Kids under three are FREE!! Call today to set up your child's first appointment: 608-836-5700
Great meeting you at #DH2012 Good luck with your book - The Good, the Bad & the Godawful!
I really don't want to say it, but finally some clean racing! P1 Power P2 Hunter-Reay P3 Barrichello P4 Viso
Thank you Janice for your insight. It was an incredible experience.
She is so precious! Congratulations to the whole family.
Girl: "I'm a Mahomie!" Me: "Me too. I love A Meezy.." Girl: "Who's A Meezy?" Me:"Do you wanna get slapped? Or.. LEAVE!"
Big Baby Glen Davis is trending!
I hate this </3
Sun should be out a little later, it's a Saturday, and we have wine; sounds like some darn good reasons to visit Grove today.
God hates you, Columbus.
Why do gerillas have big nostralls? Coz they got big fingers!!!!!!!!!
N0 - the IRS is in charge of my destiny, financial and otherwise!
That and the fact that Durham is already a startup hub. :)
The sincere friends of this world are as ship lights in the stormiest of nights
How are about the best furniture assembly services in Washington DC Area ? We assembly retails store furniture at your home or office
Welcome to the twitterverse, !
That big fuck you moment when someone has time to txt someone else but not you? Yea. Big fuck off. D.A.
Such a great time! Don't forget to take your picture upstairs at our photobooth!!
Every. Track. Pounds. Time to back it up visually.
no ew I didn't eat it.
thank for the reminder the auditions are the best part :)
Metro Station >>>>
4 hours til I teach my English class about memory management, MRR, GC, and ARC, and all in 7 minutes or less. (don't worry, I have props)
When does the X-Factor start? I want to see (:
Do QR codes come in handy on flyers and posters?
Are you EASY to talk to about hard things? Controlled. Emotions. BOOM!
I've heard there's an actual "list" of psycho fans. My cousin's coworker has a retraining order from Joe's sister & some family!
depends how good the software developers are :P
it's 50 degrees today at Notre Dame!
Yes, I'm adding discs to my summer play wish list:) Where there is a will there's a way!
Fuqiang Zhao of UC Davis is speaking on social network analysis. First takeaway: social NETWORK analysis is about relationships between ppl
#NP REM "Man on the Moon" I love Andy Kaufman he was a funny man
He's going to have a great, long career.
On stand, Page says he doesn't agree that Android is a "critical asset" -- a feeling shared by many people with Android devices.
Cosentino: Quantify how things relate to one another. Use percentages.
If watching is all you are going to do then you are going to watch your life go by you
Sigh. And we totally missed each other at #SXSW!
I still can't believe he went all the way here to my house just to drop off my cookie dough. He's the sweetest.
Oh gawwd. Another attempt at Kobe to be like Mike... #rollseyes #edub RT : Flu game? TheSportsBros
It's a wonderful beginning of the weekend! It's raining! What a refreshing morning! We needed rain so much! Have a Super weekend! :)
RIP Davy Jones!
How are we preparing students for beyond graduation? For change?
Wow, stay safe Troy.
Going to 76th and rawson late tonight!
that ride is soo scary!
Hey Im wondering if Katie Smith, N' Deanna Nolan, which use 2 play 4 the "Detroit Shock",, r they both still N' the WNBA??
Get the wedges! And no, I didn't know about the sunglasses. They're SO cute!
im coming over at six
I must be next
Even though vince young can hardly even spell let alone perform at an nfl level he's still getting 2 mil this year. What am I doing wrong?
you're not afraid to love you're just afraid of not being loved
Q6 heh, for the uninformed, LC announced March 13, 2013 as their implementation date for RDA. No more AACR2 records from them.
conducting Reiki session for spa associates
If I wasn't already taking four days off to visit Seattle tomorrow, I would have.
Flathead Hunting Tonight.....wish us luck!
No sign of that (sigh!) Seems 2 me no editor wants 2 upset powerful Wal-Mex board. Im appalled
Scoring conf golf tourn while lots of senior citizens at this luxurious golf club drink beer, margaritas, etc.
if you need a hot singer on a track hit me up telle
Trying to help. Always a Wednesday fan, there is no Forest.
CHI x 2
LISTEN UP PENNY STOCK TRADERS...."LUSI.OB" is about to blow. Get in before it's too late. Mark this tweet!!
Tuck Rule= the rule that allows teams that should have lost to win. Thats a fumble in every way except in the NFL Rule book.
only if he asks
AnnMarie (the Dog lady) is coming sunday for a home visit and then comes the pup!!!
hey, Lance. Thanks 4 following and hello from California.
I've seen three references to Bon Iver's #Holocene in the last 2 hours. Good to see great art surface within the long tail of music.
Thanks, dudes!
You will be just fine!
Not all delegates are happy to have created a navy. Maryland delegate Samuel Chase exclaimed it to be "the maddest idea in the world."
I a loser v__V
Last election Obama was against gay marriage. Now when threatened to have campaign funds pulled, all of a sudden he supports it? Foh
make it up to them with a follow!
Let's GO #Dodgers! :D
Happy Holidays everybody! Hope it's a comfy, cozy time with loved ones. Refresh and renew. See you next week!
Headed to get fitted for my tuxedo shortly. Hoping the styles I found in the online catalogue are available through the store.
L.A. is up 1-0. So, lets see how this shakes out.
: Hey. Getting back to it after month of bronchitis. Thinking about Air Force 1/2 in Dayton in Sept. Be there w
people need to stop! calling someone ugly isnt nice, no matter how much you dislike the person. (c)
Okay, sure. Private message me would you?!!! I NEED TO TALK TO YOU, MISS YA <3
Our Wednesday Wine Tasting is moving to tonight for this week only. We will have Ed from Edward Sellers here showcasing 6 magnificent wines
Kerzweil's prediction (which have largely been accurate), if you can live another 2 decades, you may live forever. #SXSW RT
I hate that scum that hurt Jessie's feelings!
Sure Ok. W.e you say ;D
imma just get on twitter from now on .. people on facebook piss me off
A smile for love a smile for happiness a smile for life A smile for a smile
way to nice to be in side Coffee and doing designs in the park all day!
yes! the new one should work. don't know how that happened.
you know they were changing any 19 jersey to Hodgson for free at the Pittsburg game
Good nigh twitter peeps.
You mean Mike Smith, why did I back that fool? RT : Atlanta sucks.
the better question is, will you Battle thru it Luke?
CHECK US OUT. WE LOVE WHAT YOU ARE DOING FOR THE KINGDOM OF GOD
Yet again they blogged kind, sympathetic, ready, and appreciative
Thanks to and and all others for making masks with us and !
Take a nature/art break and go to the BMA's sculture garden. The flowers are opening, and the trees are leafing out - truly beautiful.
I got my phone back!:)
Since ancient Greece, the apple has been a symbol of love
lucky guy!!
It's 4:30 while everyone sleep no matter how i don't feel good I'm up try to better my future :)
what's the deal bro
Obviously I'm watching the end of this game.
totally agree!
Gotcha, and completely agreed.
My mama always told me bread and water fill u up so pancakes and water it is Good Afternoon
Procastination at its finest .
thanks for the follow! followed back.
Fertility treatment bans in Europe draw criticism
trying to come up with some good stunt ideas...
Thanks luv... it was so awesome, next one i'm kidnapping you and and your hubby!!!
Is it true that his winter spent in Seaside was the inspiration for Anatomy of Melancholy?
I'm too sleepy today I have to be up for clinical at 5:15 too :(
Anyone else having issues with #Facebook crashing today?
Pandora's Stevie Wonder station is giving me life this morning and helping me plow this grading.
Okay, I figured out what the sign of having 1,234 followers is. You're about to LOSE one. Now it's 1,233. Son of a bitch.
well it's not anymore .. I don't know #whocanhandlethis .. I heard u was a #freak ;p
thank you and it was nice meeting you too!
Bryant park is ridiculous right now
Peggy Noonan: "..speeches aren't magic. A speech is only as good as the ideas it advances. Reagan had good ideas. Obama does not."
": haha I made a windmill in the dunk contest but not sure if that was the one" oh ok bet! That was a good shot tho
MINDS: Educators discuss that C used to represent Competence. Now a Competent student finds it hard to get a job.
Little Do She Know, I Like Her (;
Putting your own "v Verified" in your twitter profile is like drawing a Mercedes logo on your Kia.
Filming a old gasket company tomorrow. Very cool stuff. Ok, I'm a nerd.
Got our spacesuits on and ready for our website launch! HUGE thanks to the incredible team at - let the countdown begin!
Next month, is part of a concert event at our library. Very excited to have them come over!
There were a few negative reviews from critics who couldn't connect with the film. AO Scott from the NY Times gave it a -review.
Chant my name yoooo'
i'm probably going to cry a river in that theater.and drown everyone.lol
Ha me and are possibly Kenyans now??
Students w/out disabilities can gain from technology for disabled.
I cried when Mufasa was being trampled in The Lion King
More of Him, less of me.
#MiddleSchoolMemories Making out at the movie theater during finding nemo!
Where does my help come from? My help comes from the Lord. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B5><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
Hello, I'm always busy
New Band Twitter Account ;)
Only in America, I love it.
#Rusherspartyingworldwide So proud of well deserved for all there talent and hard work love ya guys?congrats?
sounds great!
getting blown away in Palm Springs...Lot of wind
black people don't play hockey.....therefore not sexy
Goodnight tweeters
From what I read he was going to counter sue and include the lawyer who took the case too.
Appearance was great - Matt looked like a pipsqueak next to you - believe you me!
This week went by super fast. Don'cha think? Maybe the days will slow down by the time Saturday rolls around. I hope.
This is probably going to consume the remaining time in Michigan I have left tomorrow.
Love to invite you to review our MLK Tribute concert on Jan 22 Can you message your email so we can send more info?
and you know it
How come everytime I try to go on a died mom decides to buy nice food when she goes shopping?
Might as well workout.
Why not? I mean, you do beat me and everything, so I think it's plenty...
According to comScore, the U.S. is home to 79M Millennials with an estimated combined purchasing power of more than $170B per year. The fir…
Thank you to Haytham Allos of for your donation to Sun's run is dedicated to U!
no doubt my dude ... Ima get yall ( ) on a track 2gether tho.I knw its gonna mesh great I hear it in yalls voices
Thanks for interesting rough cut preview of documentary on homelessness in Austin
AT&T u need to stop funding ALEC or we will start dropping u!
Valverde won't be available until next Monday now. 30 pitches is just too many for him. (sarcasm)
I wish feelings didn't exist.
Get feeling this guy not impressed with World Cup host CUTTER!! "US beaten by country smaller than Phoenix - its an anti-Capitalist vote!"
Drake _ I Get Lonely Too
fixed it! Lol I forgot about that me sorry :)
If I'm not mistaken, there are 19 school days left, not including today.
Top of the morning to ya Seattle. Did you know we only serve the finest ingredients in our paninis: coppa ham, prosciutto, Italian provolone
man that food gone a digesting lmao how r u
I'm hoping for a corporate sponsorship. Maybe some decals for the car?!
Was nice to see my boys, today. And nice to meet
I have something like 4000 nerds in my bloodstream right now. Thank you DiSC!!!!
that girl with the 2 teeth & hair in a pony tail reminds me of.....
Happy May...!
Yea.. Kids are out of school for summer break. I forgot how much fun it is to work from home durring the summer.
& it's a GREAT one! RT New Chief Content Officer Magazine out next week! Thx to ROCKIN" staff
just woke up morning twin!
Yea it has been a long time, too long. Im doing good tho. How have u been? From ur tweets sounds like u have had better days.
Why did I have a dream about being kidnapped by ? It was cool tho, we had fun while she held me for ransom. *sideeye*
hm,,, i kinda dont even know whats going on o.O
yes sir. Well more like heading out of it now
you NEED to listen to the song "The Don" by Nas You'll love it!
Pop up trivia time! Which New Kid coined the phrase "And this is where the magic happens!" on MTV's Cribs? 1st person w/correct ans wins!
time will show :)
T Suggs is a scary human being.
Congrats you'll be going to TOMORROW night! Our reps will send you a PM :)
Well, I got followed by a couple of NOH8ers yesterday. I don't know how to break it to them that I'm pro-hate.
Holly Heitzman, of St. Vincent Sports Medicine, reminded us to "Always stay competitive with yourself."
TWO art photography shows featuring Flockflockflock alternative material couture in February! More info soon! Yay!
CRAIG MACK: “I got emcee’s melting in my mouth & not inside my hand” (From “Making Moves With Puff”)
when I say so bitch;)
you mean I haven't been entered to win one of 10,000 free iPads?
“: #Capricorn motto: Work hard or go home.”
all will be said soon my friend
Next week, I'll be eating lobster corn dogs with ginger remoulade, beef cheek tacos with snap pea kim chee (San Diego)
Watching the shapeshifter throw a knife into the pool table and all I could think of is That is mohogany! haha
I guess now i'm going to sleep très sad bonne nuit engel
Let me whisk you away from your doubts and denial Oh I know that you've heard this before <3
Dui check point at 41st and main in front of the blood center...be safe people...
I have no more cucumber watermelon lotion or cherry blossom lotion
Have fun in Hawaii!
RT I didn't use the force to find Obi-Wan on the Death Star, I asked Siri, and she said "Here, and the Force is with him."
I wish ppl would stay and hear God's message.
Hey, panthers are cuties, too! It's just probably illegal to own one in #Indiana, !
Watching porn in Derek's bedroom.
Great weekend w #VFoundation dinner #TheBrownstone-then #fringe catchup and soccer w incredible win for Sami+Lindsay scored a goal!
Don't be boiled slowly
and there will come a time, you'll see. with no more tears. and love will not break your heart but dismiss your fears. <3
After one game Ponder looks like a real player. Think how good he might be with real wide outs? Harvin's a play maker but fragile
Wished cancer could get cancer and die it's self and stop taking the good people in our lives.
You make me smile from my heart... :-) <3
"Suzanne put so much fun into it that it makes me want to do the workout!"- Mark Christopher Lawrence
Ayyee "So maybe I'm wack, Cause I'm not black. But you can't talk smack. Cause whitey just struck back." Lmaaoo smh at this movie.
Busted. Lose back to back races vs same person. Had both sides of the flips
when will you be back in the Philly area? Do you have any friends in the Philly that would like to take advant of this opp
Some of these angles on espn are fucking annoying. I want to be able to see the pitch
I need to find a way to resist the temptation to eat everything in this city
is she the one from bruce almighty?
Bummer. RIP RT : yikes
I'm off to Dewey Beach, Delaware!! I'm so excited!!
It is seriously hot outside. I hope you wear sunscreen!
is the 3rd rated DT on Parcells board. I'll take his analysis over any of these "expert" mockers.
I'm thinking of quitting my day job. This pitching thing isn't working out so well.
Do we have a list anywhere of all the writers we've ever had?
tonight were all jayhawk fans
U.S.- Bangladesh : "full range of political, economic, & security matters...".
both/and - some librarians should learn to program, some programmers should learn libraryspeak
I love how these Trojan commercials come on at night, lmao.
wahhhhhhhhhhhh i hate the first part
you got my vote!
We sure do! A falafel patty with meaty chunks of portobello in it. Just as hearty as any beef burger. We're veg-friendly :)
thanks for the follow!
No, I am surprised to say I haven't read the riftwar trilogy. I'll have to find that!
I hear that! >That awkward moment when you have to stare at a text for five minutes in order to figure out how to reply.
#9RoundMinute: 12 Burpees topped off with a 30-Second Wall Sit. You feel that? OH. YEAH.
cause she came out
Just crashed interview w/The Beer Man Show &did shameless #HomeBrewed #webseries plug. Strangely confident after 2 beers.
More like he LOVES you and wants to make sure you are taking care of yourself!
Hey everyone gonna be BLUNT....Need some friends help a sista out! Holla at your girl here at The Global Elements!
3.5 hours seems like 12 hours when you're stuck doing recovery almost the whole time!
PLEASE wish me good luck for my exam tomorrow, I really need it!:)<3
I think should have a new slogan. "I put the fun in funambulism." You can have that for free, Tim.
lol when do you wanna come?
On my way back home
Reading my Communication Arts. Anyone know if they Tweet?
people are disgusting and so narrow minded!!!
"No man will make a great leader who wants to do it all himself or get all the credit for doing it."
hahaa really?! I work at the one in Arlington and they're not hiring for seasonal, but idk maybe the other ones are
so great meeting you! <3 the pic!
If you end up with a masters in journalism or something communications related you will have prof application for twitter!
And we are glad to have you as a supporter!
you have great taste!
"We will give ourselves continually to prayer, and to the ministry of the word."~Acts 6:4
they are hell...lol
tell me about it. I used to cry at their track meets because I was so impressed. #speedenvy!
Re: Kodak's demise- "A leopard cannot change its spots." Rudyard Kipling.
“: Facebook deletes your ID...Isn't this same as showing a hotel clerk your ID on check-in?” not to me. Completely different
Time for the 'Creamy Crack'
I wanna have a MOVIE NIGHT tonight.I'm in the MOOD to watch 'FOUR FEATHERS' which is a beautiful movie!
At trivia night. Guess who won? That's right, Team Books & Science. (Us!)
About to go see think like a man
Girls are so HOT! Doug Boehm, the guy who mixed most of our EP produced the new Girls record Father, Son, Holy Ghost too! Nice work bruvva!
Just bought a new CD of Tupac :-)
Aww, you don't mean that. It's like my blankie -- I take it everywhere with me.
I'm confused, I thought you were the press
I like to watch ducks dip their heads, take their morning baths. Not because it's peaceful. But because I'm a voyeur.
Yahoo's ten biggest mistakes: Not buying or licensing Google's technology in 1998 In 1998, Google's two young co-founders approached ...
$25 million for Walker...What a waste.
Only indirect experience analyzing the CMS datasets. Would love to dig in.
Studying for the next five hours!
april fools on easter
Comic View was that shiz-nic back in the day yo.
Good Morning #ABQ! Sending staff out to meet with customers on-site, consultations happening in the showroom- it's a custom apparel Friday!
it's over. Good win.
My grandfather, on his car GPS: "How does this broad know where I am?"
Ughh i hate the dentist, at least i brought my chapstick this time
I just wanna see my bestfriend. :c
No problem, love (:
She's not a saint and she's not what you think, she's an actress. And she's better known for the things that she does on the mattress.
ditto but found some good costume jewelry !
so it goes straight to vyour phone?
#TeamDueProcess your days are numbered. U know he is morally guilty, even if the corrupt law saves him.
yeah buddy! Haha to bad you have before..
It's like that old game "made ya look!", but without words.
So Monster what do you think? Will you be the official sponsor of our product office in NYC?
definitely give it a try! there are a lot of great ideas out there on meal planning and you feel so organized & accomplished
One tweet shy of 4k...probably should finally tweet something interesting for a first. Any suggestions?
looking for the best twitter ap to segment 'following' tweets AND also help manage multiple twit accts. tweetdeck the best?
Brandy and Ray J's Mom &Dad Sonja and Willie Norwood, Rayva Harrell, R Norwood Talent Agency Corp! I was blessed 2 b signed 4 rep this wk :)
Or at least on my way back.
Last night.. was just crazy with my girls :p
Mathews or Hightower...Mathews is playing in a good matchup but Hightower has far more upside...it's really a toss up IMO
Day 4, yet my day 2. Its gonna be great!
Does anyone else get that weird line across the top of the screen with the new layout?
thanks for the love :)
My problems today do not classify as problems. Losing a family member is a problem and I have nothing to be complaining about. Shame on me.
:), i dont go to skool but everythings GREAT, i been pretty HAPPY since February 20 :)
have a great day buddy
Ethics makes me think deeply about everything but Kant is do far over my head.
“ My son is growing up, how do I know? A few months ago he was terrified of a vacuum cleaner, now he fights it to protect me. Lol"
see ya guys, think I have food poisoning.
well you're welcome. Glad I could be doing that for you buddy. P.S. You're a terrible texter
planning my workout/eating routine for after Wednesday as I'm stuffing my face with studying munchies
Blessed are they who see beautiful things in humble places where other people see nothing. -Camille Pissarro
breakfast with norm macdonald
wow.wonderful news. Will keep you and your family in my prayers though. Peace.
i'm bored at the house watchin the game T E X A N S betta win
hey victor i loove you c:
lmao I know who u like
hahaha thanks! I get that a lot! No one believes we're mother/daughter. They always think we're sisters. Hahah
good question. My page won't be. I'm tired of it already
don't ever take food from strangers... Unless its donuts then that's okay. Right ?
Hi Felecia, thanks for hte following.
Have a great weekend my friend!
No worries, man. I know you were trying to DM that to me. Feel sorry for all those losers you faked out, tho.
Multi vehicle crash on Atticus at Verona Road. Can't turn onto Atticus from inbound Verona Road.
Follow me here, too!
Tonight! The Hat Guys at JW Hollstein's in Tinley Park! Music starts at 9:30pm. Need we say more?
what Ive been up 2... WORKING!!! I am managing the new Kiosk DCI Store downtown on the corner of 3rd&Main(Same street as Hammerheads).
Excellent! Thanks!
it's not ugly
Boy you're amazing just the you are. I love you<U+2665>
-- Algol-60 should have an arrow to Scheme.
I kno, sucks for u
This fog is wack!!
soph year I did ...
I wonder if we would be allowed to
Wendy's now has fish on their menu- one more place I cannot eat due to my oh so convenient allergy.
Thank You! Same to you! See you at a airport again soon. RT : great seeing ya Cubby! Looking good :)
We can't wait!!
Do you use our website, LRS.org? If so, we're curious to know how you use it? What features do you like best? Let us know!
ya'll have MUCH cuter twitter handles than me
Bout to chill with my moms
We Buy Ugly Houses Declares Vacant Homes Detrimental Unoccupied homes cause major issues for everyone in the neighborhood. Dallas, Texas
Have a mouth as sharp as a dagger but a heart as soft as tofu. If you beleive that, your brain is like chow mein dropped on the floor.
Cause he wasn't peeling very well
Is anyone else heading to Detroit for the ?
Night twitter <U+E011><U+E420><U+E13C><U+E13C>
You have discovered the business model for everything non-Apple!
#ItemsSoldAtAHoodAuction Jordan sneakers.
Planning at full swing.We will need to know work & play days for u.
Massage and Chiropractic Booking System 4.1 Free Download ...
Today, 15 years ago, my best friend was born she's a huge fan and would die of happiness if she got a shout out xx
o im from NY brooklyn but do u look like lil twist or well u no wat i mean
Really? Is that all it takes!
I LOVE the fire dancer pic! Fantastic!
New client makes incredible jewelry! Just met with her yesterday and was breathless. I'll see if she let's us post anything ;)
Went to eat some bad chinese food at the mall jk and bought some maggie moos with :) <3
True. That's why I consider myself liberaltarian. I don't believe that the states should have any more control than the fed.
Monday May 14 #DC free: Healthy Living for Physical & Spiritual Health / Benefits of #Vegetarian Lifestyle 7PM MLKing Library 901 G St
What a lovely day for a walk around Seaport Village and Harbor Blvd. in San Diego. Both relaxing and invigorating!
All day marathon later
search uder my name... tomorrow night. You will see.
“Love is like the wind, you can't see it but you can feel it.”
Devra said she sent them !! Mine was like 3 pages. :(
Google it
YOur loud sound like cleveland browns crowd.
Why does the cat feel he must the cat sit directly on top of me? Doesn't he know it is a BAJILLION DEGREES out?
Up a little early today...
School just soaks up all of my time.
what did you order? a lot of our NIN stuff is straight out of their old tour stock. slimfits tend to shrink as well.
TONIGHT 4pm: Lecture at the Nat. Learn about the Accidental Artist and the 130 life-sized sculptures in the open desert......
Well, I guess it's meant for those who consider themselves a part of the UI group. Kind of nebulous, at least lately.
How do I find the Gingerbread update for the LG optimus black? I checked the LG website and it's not available.
Nice of you to leave him in peace. Probably the best chance he has to feel "normal".
The key as always for Noesi will be the ability to change speeds & hit 93-94 mph with his fastball..
that's good that you know that... Do you like any other sports
I'm glad you're going well. I'm good, just miss watching you play :( What's new with you?
I love this weather! We are a 4 wks. ahead into this season of boating here at Lake of the Ozarks! High 70's, trees in bloom, beautiful day!
Use work effectively: Sit on a stability ball to strengthen your core, and keep dumbbells or exercise tubing at your desk and do a few reps.
My mom is excited for the song wrote for Quite possibly more excited than I am. It's frightening. 0_o
Yes. YES! Fuck yeah! :D
Thank you! RT just made me cry...Such a powerful speech! SO PROUD to be
I hope so too! Can't wait to get it and try it out.
Been there. I responded "San Francisco is really small, isn't it? Good luck"
We are looking forward to it!!
Thanks hope you had fun on #BigTimeRush!
WriteFentyIn.com is officially challenging Gray 2 a debate. this campaign is far from over...(Yes that just happened)
Theresa will I be seeing you tomorrow night?
DO IT! RT Tonight's bouts are making me consider dusting off my quad skates ...
These hoes can't wash 4 shit... What pimp gotta stain n his shirt?? Smph
Biz ideas for grad school apps. So far Analog Chat Roullette is my no. 1 goldmine.
check out red seven, there's some kind of show there tonight...
I absolutely love your Avi !
Melanies last notes on a new day brought goosebumps.
Cator: Holy Grail of assessent is that we build systems of continuous assessment stream instead of event-testing
I'm about to ruin your life. Idc Anymore.
Tonight@ España (hauseman rd off of I10) cheap drink specials all night long plus a costume contest. See y'all. Tonight!
A man should honor his responsibilities to his child. Period. Well done:)
People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well, neither does bathing - that's why we recommend it daily.-- Zig Ziglar
Ky. death toll from tornadoes rises to 17; more than 30 dead nationwide
Sparkling wine, particularly a fruity Pinot Noir blend, sounds divine. Perhaps a Mumm Napa Blanc de Noirs Sparkling Wine for this evening?
Shawn Parr of Go Country 105 FM to host Hope For Firefighters www.hopeforfirefighters.org
I'm Kinda Scared Cuz I Checked His Horoscope And It Said Tht He'll Be Going Through Change :(
where did you read this at??
parks and rec not believable anymore, cool actors though
Marshall is like... Um.. No.
A lot of good arguments are spoiled by some fool who knows what he is talking about.<U+FFFD> Miguel de Unamuno
Or else all of us just not agreeing on what's good. haha.
well i guess you right . But she shoulda keep ha mouth closed tho . You needa come to East yo 8th grade year ..
He is right you know. RT : PARTY TIP: Used at the right time, a fistful of confetti can blow minds.
Gas prices are up another 20 cents. That's 70 cents in 2 weeks. Who's to blame?
isn't that what the skyscraper video is about? or did i totally miss the point>?
that this is a do or die chance, you need to perfect your skill to impress the auditioning panel
Today i my lil brothers birhday!
Thx for sharing that link--I love the "pineapples don't have sleeves" line :)
Thanks so much
Petey Wheatstraw the Devil's Son-in-Law
If you are a Wrigleyville bar and want an update on the rain delay for your customers, feel free to call me on the hotline
I concur )
just ate a delicious vegetarian sausage with maple glazed onions. yum!
.As they say, "everything happens for a reason." If it was meant to be it will happen. It may take awhile, but it will happen. Give it time.
Win pair of tix to Craft Beer Fest just RT this message Winner chosen June 9 #WinFirkin RT
Guess everyone I was talkin to is Sleep.
Rockin' Holiday's channel on while getting co-workers in condition for tomorrow with poundcake and such. Tis the season!
this weekend!!
You just want to squeeze my ass, Your hands to little so #FUCKOFF!
#thoughtsFromABalcony fckn real shit hits my hearts I love it "wtf is time"
quit the detox at dinner and chose captn crunch over brocoli. Week 3 is raw. Week 4 is juice. I am sticking with it.
"Like the measles, love is most dangerous when it comes late in life."
I'd add that doing some advance research to understand what what you're getting into also boosts your chances of success
lol never saw this why?
To dream of the person you would like to be is to waste the person you are.
just add baddest barbie hot
Happy Mother's Day to all the wonderful mothers.
it's hot but it's raining D: im scared as heck
you should follow your piano! ;D
Thank you for the follow M. Catherine Happy 2012!
hello - i was just this minute adding you on linked in
Yay for tomorrow!
RT : Here are some gr8 #Chicago tweeps worth #following ===>
"But let justice roll on like a river!" ACLU & faith leaders!
was up fam? lets shoot some visuals email some track ill get some treatments underway!
omg(: so excited!! Hope you do great(:
This is rediculous totally should have won
Got schooled on my bike ride today at the Madrona hill. Bianchi guy flew past me.
WHAT IS GOING DOWN TONIGHT?
": People fuck their own relationships with other's by listening to all the He/She Sayy!!"««i wrote bk
cry for me like you use to do when I go :)
If this bitch doesn't hurry up with my herbal enhancer!
#ThingsThatAreSEXY men who are not ashamed to pray and worship God, I know this may be controversial...but that's how I feel :-)
Nice! I'll tell the hometown crew to check it out!
hey check out our new foundation and the great cause we are supporting!!!
show up for the celebration!
IT IS WEDNESDAY LETS MAKE THE BEST OF IT.
Just hope Lee comes back. Like-lee? Or unlike-lee?
ended up taking a cab bc both my tires were flatt. Lol I didnt think to check that. I guess bc I didnt use it since oct
busy boy today. photos with iced coffee with thursday in the square with oh and work for a little.
They better hurry
One reason I'm more intrigued by Gillberry's position. Someone will need to be well rounded on the Dline. (run/pass)
Getting ready for my Sweet 16 Birthday party
Really wish I was at #sxsw right now!
i love breakfast dates <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
why yes, yes they did just do that...
Latino night at the bar & grill at the hotel we are staying at.. I am almost fluent in Spanish after listening to this music for 30 minutes
Can't wait to see y'all at pre-Thanksgiving I'm getting hungry already for it.
Late night t bell run with
SPI wants to know: Where do you want to travel the most?
You better play some Eric Carmen tonight!
I think that one needs to be in a loop.
im hot!
That 2nd bottle of wine with & last night was a BAD plan. Fun! But a BAD plan! ;)
where are u ???
“History doesn't repeat itself, but it does rhyme.” - Mark Twain
Excellence in Cinema....INCEPTION!!!
Please, tell me what I'm doing wrong...
GET time to VISIT GREAT smoky mountain's..
Even more new truffles on the way! Check in tomorrow for another 4 new flavors
back from work,at parents house,in bed for sleep
intellectual debate does not equal I'll will dawg.
We think you're #winning as well! What's your favorite flavor at U-Swirl?
looking for sand dollars & starfish to embellish new tea gift "Best Kind of Friend"; My Friend tea, English cookies, encouraging book, etc
I fucking dare a bitch to break an egg on my hair today.
While in Chicago visit Salute Wine Bar and Cafe! For great wine and food. Mention the twit and get 15% off
We are at 305 N83rd St in Seattle, just off Greenwood Ave! =)
I took it at Cal, it fucking sucked
Having a great weekend.
location-based apps is the future per
so hit me like a man and love me like a woman
Don't mix between my personality and my attitude. Because my personality is ME and my attitude depends on YOU!
You spend money on that #trick lol she gone be sold to the highest bidder man wtf..!
I stand corrected. :)
Wondered why my clothes were so dry after going through washing machine. Realized I put money in wrong machine at Laundromat.
Agonizing over my Brit Lit II syllabus. I'm replacing Wollstonecraft with a Gothic sampler. Last students hated Wollstonecraft.
Cant go to the cody simpson concert anymore.... Thanks mom.
Surprised to learn that it takes average 21 months for serial entrepreneurs to raise VC and 37 months (3 yrs) for first timers. Leave time!
i just saw a transparent tv. now i look like this >>> (~_~)
so excited to have you see the studio! We're at 153 w 27th suite 1002 between 6th and 7th.
I have 15 cabins Royal Caribbean's Allure of the Seas for $390 Discount & a $75 on board Credit. DM me now or
April 2nd Paid Dues in San Bernardino with Odd Future, Murs, Wu-Tang + more!
I will pass it along for sure
Had to shut down practice in Beacon Hill due to snow & hail. Drove home to West Seattle where it's sunny and gorgeous. What gives?!?
me, too!
Thanks for following us VarsityPets! Launching next week!!!
Big announcement tomorrow for Disney Cruise Line. Rumors that the Magic is headed to the Mediterranean in 2013 and more!
I'll be there. Look forward to meeting you too!
oh...that's good...gotta celebrate while it's hot, huh? Lol.
I only hope and wish that you will be on season 2 of #BWLA!!
Ask Chris if he has his car for me?
tired, you?
Here's the percussionist..
the queen is back who missed me
Great news! NFL players approve the deal with owners...
Chili Cookoff time!!
working the weekends at trust so my weekend is now weird Wednesdays and thirsty Thursdays.
Beer, wine or Sangria with lunch today in Tosa? What would you choose?
Is EVER going to follow me back? :(
An ounce of action is worth a ton of theory.~ Friedrich Engels
Oh mirror in the sky what is love ?
A: "The Music Lesson" by - if you don't think music = a healthy life, you're foolin yourself.
We wish you a happy Super Bowl weekend. Enjoy the sun!
Don't play with a woman's heart, why mislead a good woman if you know you're not going to love her the way she deserves to be loved.
Always interesting (if you like SEO): How Google 's Human Search Quality Raters Assign a URL Rating
Yes go see the Avengers. And stay extra long after the credits. :D
I am on the The Kojo Nnamdi Show at WAMU at 88.5 FM talking about the budget proposal to extend bar hours.
Listening to #lionsandliars. Good work ! Off the train tracks!
EMWW .006 x .007 up 50% from yesterdays call STILL MOVING STRONG!!!
Please stick to sports. Could care less about Chris Brown and Rihanna.
In theory the Grizzlies should be better than what they are. Although the Clippers are on the verge of collapsing.
Isn't that crazy?! Time flies!
Note to self - do not take a self-help book you're 2 embarrased 2 read in public as your only form of entertainment on a cross country trip.
don't you wear em??? At least I thought you did..
oh, I'm definitely taking eFRUS, no doubt about it...
So...WinterJam2011 is stopping in the Charleston, WV area...Jan. 8th...who else will be VIP at the show besides those who win the raffle???
wanna eat with us?
#FF Follow these amazing magic makers:
The mirror has two faces
please add us
"Earn that sh*t" might be my new most favorite line
Me too. ": I think it's just wonderful to see some good in this world.People helping childrenAmerican Pickers...
In my world, joy = watching 5 yr old daughter play KINECT Adventure games. Jumping/laughing/twisting/celebrating. Does life get any better?
#FF Thanks for following everyone. Much love, happy FF
I want tickets! HOOK ME UP! (oh wait, can I win?)
MAHONE IS A BEAST
nothing just making music chilling
I know it's great isn't it!?
RIP Adam the Beastie Boys rocked
Awesome Verizon...have service but can't txt/call
do you like dubstep??
lunch I'm having dinner.
MT : Visit our table at British Embassy Sat 10-4 to win 2 tix to The Servant of Two Masters or The Merry Wives of Windsor
Try the new TONNO TUNA -White albacore tuna w/ a preserved lemon vinaigrette, black olive tapanade, basil, provolone, tomato, & cucumber
Wherever you can find enough bandwidth to get a Tweet out! Hint: Wifi at Stadium Village behind 18 green.
say this every time im prepping for an audition or to work on set. Very true. Truth will set you free!!!!
Its always interesting how an ambulance can go racing by with sirens and lights on only to stop at donut shop or fast food rest.!!
Riddle me this, if my doctor puts an ORDER in should we or should we not FOLLOW the Doctors orders? Shift change yet?!? Rude rude rude
you guys are weird! Go Gopher hockey!
Fuck u tho I was too busy getting my beauty sleep <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
they don't even know for sure. Some 'fan' tweeted it and everyone believed it.
"To achieve great things, two things are needed: a plan, and not quite enough time."--Leonard Bernstein (FBK, Harvard University, 1964)
GINGRICH ATTEMPTING TO CONCEDE HIS WAY INTO WHITE HOUSE
wow! 14fps. Yes
Repeat business & referrals come from being genuine, honest, teaching & be a good listener. The rewards will be many! Happy boating to all.
CHRIS MANN! By the way, you're brother's so hot.
Just tell me that you love me
kinda sounds like what happened to David and Bathsheba. lol
Off to LA this weekend to spread some Black Cherry Crush love on the city of Angels!!
Maybe the NFL should run the US government...they seem more capable of putting petty bickering behind them to achieve resolution
There are no mistakes, save one: the failure to learn from a mistake.
Just having a little fun today, after setting everything up for tomorrow's meeting. Hope you are enjoying the evening too.
Just cut up at princeston university Omg it went down!!
Renovations complete, I'm headed home! Woohoo!
why? I am not
Professor - you were just talking about the ILB market. Will Lofton land in NO or can the #Seahawks make a push there?
wahh mine is too actually hmu when you done. I'm in Anderson for the night.
How on earth am I craving sushi again? I just had it yesterday, and the day before!
when's the restart>?
The moon looks nice tonight.
How can i get in touch with Myra Helmick, or someone in the US marketing group?
: "Success lies in a masterful consistency around the fundamentals."
I guess I'd rather have no help than Useless poking his head in to ask as I carry in the last two 5 gallon jugs of water in, like usual.
NEVER SAY NEVER .
Some "famous"twitter Accounts take things to seriously and act too conceided. Shut up ur not anyone more special were all the same-.-
#FF Our new followers!
Goodnight im thinking about u
Extra Credit & AP Exam studyin'
can't wait
you can make cuts somewhere else. Haven't the teachers suffered enough already?????
Happy knowing you, too, Ahmed.
"If you want to find heroes, find them in the communities where people are still fighting for the American dream." att. to
This week I am going to survive on naps!
kmsl u got me tripn it was earlier today
Good Morning!!
how was every1s day??(:
never place your happiness in someone elses hands , because once theyre gone , so is your happiness .
#Education has brought me amongst great people.
I'm really getting pissed that it's gonna be even longer before pottermore is open to the public. yes people, I'm a harry potter nerd
Showing 7 properties in Fed Hill/Riverside Park today. Hoping for less wind than during yesterday's tour of Canton/Fells Pt.
Attending International Country Music Conference (ICMC) at Belmont University
I agree with your assessment of the Black Community David. 4 independence, we must remove ourselves from the Man's teat!
thanks for the follow! Cheers!
Looks like said piece will be running mid-next week, when the Black Keys play Seattle. Thanks for suggesting!
"If we did all we were capable of doing, we would literally astonish ourselves." Edison
3 fabulous authors in the house tonight: don't miss , and Alan Brennert!
"unload the whold clip on it man" forgot how much I loved
I'm marching Mars.....or maybe Cabo haven't decided yet
you're my, beginnin my end You're my sista lover and friend God is, your light from within It shines through your beautiful skin
Keep the focus! Keep your faith, keep the goal.
Lol i guess.
Harry Potter meet Edmond Spencer star of Thystlewicke School for Vampires (by Michael Blackthorne). Immortals or vampires, who will he save?
good luck man I'll pass it around
use TwitPic! must see banana!
I'm glad I skipped out on going to the Astros game today. They're getting pummeled!
Had an amazing night awards ceremony.
Thanks for the RT
Time for a shower and then drive the truck to work. What will be in store for today? Hm....
when a guy really knows how to treat a girl and still believes in chivalry
Open your eyes and watch the change
Stop freaking me out, I have def thought that when I've hiked there! Those ledges are no joke...
Immature people<
So if I fail this EOC my senior year ill have to come back to this lame ass school & take a test about what I learned my freshman year!
Juror 3083: Owns pool service business...dismissed for financial hardship
the what? Cruise? Are you going?
Promo video tomorrow! Let's go Vixens!!
There must be a revisiting, a re-loading and a restoring of the foundations of our faith
If all of your statuses are about how much you hate a person, might as well fucking tag them on it. Jesus.
PLP was also a 9 yr old girl when that album came out
Hey Cynthia. How is everything going? Are you a student or staff at USD? Or are you both?
haha you probably do...you didn't come to work today because you can't stand being around me.
Sentence turned into the Lost & Found this morning: “They dirtied their sheets before they cleaned them.” Claim w/writing sample, photo ID.
Always be Joyful. Never stop Praying. Be Thankful in all circumstances, for this is God’s Will for You who belong to Christ Jesus 1 Thes 5
My mom rolls her eyes at me when I wear a shirt right after I buy it
Lmfao hell yeah Jerry Is Huge ! ;)
RT It's not about what's better for kids, it's about generating more "F" schools to sell
Adding a bunch of tunes to my playlist! So far i got some more of The Doors, The Beatles, Parkway and some beastie boys! Any suggestions?
The term meritocracy was not created until 1958. I wonder how much of human civilization can be explained by the youth of this concept.
RT : "Everybody is a reporter, not everybody is a journalist" ~ of
I lovee sleeping in till 11am on days I don't have finals <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
any word from writers on the verge? I really hope they let us know if we suck.
good luck on your interview!!!! Use your good looks and charm. I love you so much weeweee
Blood Drain Angel's Story ck where 2 get on pfrofile.
So, um, the cat ate our #Mobbies video footage. Who wants to help w/ a cheesy "Unsolved Mysteries"-style reenactment?
Hi David! Thanks for clicking the little Birdy button. :) -Benjamin
oh yes spending th day with gonna draw and paint then watch a marathon of the big bang theory
Fear… Lack of knowledge... these are two of the most common reasons child abuse and neglect goes unreported.
#ItsATributeThing real or not real!!!!!
If your snatch is so hairy it can really be compared to a bush, its time to cut that shit. arbor day is over ladies, time to trim the hedges
patriots on the clock. lets do this.
it's a whatnot you can change out all the eyes, nose & hair!!!
maybe they are trying to get rid of the musty smell that doesn't go with dinner
RT: Decades of government healthcare helped #Cheney survive long enough to get a new heart. Forget #Obamacare, give ever ...
Currently going through Crucial pain !! Lord protect & help me get through this ..
Funny How People Don't Like To Kiss But You Will Use Your Mouth For All Kinds Of ORAL PLEASURE
ohh that is so cool do u go to the same school as him?
I thoroughly agree with this.
Made it to Bama today! Conference at UGA on Wednesday and 4 cozy photo shoots scheduled for the Team Skees' Dirty South Summer Tour 2011
Aaron Harrang gets the win today and is now (2-2) and the Dodgers are now (22-11) 1st place in the NL West.
so I'll C. U. N.ext T.uesday!
no where haha (: I'm welcoming!
All i need is one night and just a few minutes I'm a handle that there then I'm thru with it ;-)
My math teacher does not know how to teach ....
my eyelashes are so long ;D<3
u cant fight
#tacocabana at Gateway remodeled AND they bring your food to the table? Civilization has come to Austin...
We're actively looking for local, permanent resources for housing.
Live Rounded Rects or Die
#GrandpaFred: See if there's anybody out there laughing, honking the horn. Can we do that?Thats all I can do today,David.
omg i just watched that video lmfaaoo poor nick was like rapedd... ~gianna~
Let's just work with your stuff, and maybe talk a bit about the new project. We'll do another once it's up and going. :)
OMG 11:11....time to make a wish that will never come true :-)
LA Story style?
We are getting ready to start our 5th year of Quest Summer Theater Workshop( I know it seems early but it takes all year to prepare).
funny because I'm also knitting. We are old.
Look what you did with your browords The word "Bromance" has been added to the new Merriam-Webster's Dictionary.
Ready to go back to Boston
“ Let go of petty grievances. If someone wants to harbor unforgiveness against u, that's on them..YOU let it go. #TheSW”
A smoke alarm is the single most valuable lifesaving device you can have in your home. Install one on every level, including the basement.
it just never. Fucking. Ends.
RT if your kids can't wait to find the afikoman (hidden matzah)
That M.I.A. joint produced by my big bruh is my anthem right now
elders? Old people or mormons lol
- We are having a photo exhibit tonight at 5th & K NW. Your huge portrait will be there. Let us know if you can come!
Procurement must balance need to help Biz manage cost w/ ability to reduce risk & manage complex spend to best support biz growth
great tacos tonight at on south broadway. Thanks David
Is that at Greenmount Cemetery? I had no idea he was buried in Baltimore.
HAHAHA, yeah the flights to/from the island are kinda rough...
"Live life FULL, until you are EMPTY!™ — Delano Johnson
sounds good:)
Earthday is april 22nd. Doing anything special?
RT : Set free your fears and welcome a new potential.
wonders where all the snow went (not complaining, though)?!
thank you so much <3 i love your pic .... are you and Ariana<3<3
Geez, how much candy did Gus have to eat for this episode?!
"isn't that the story of our lives?" Taking data created for one purpose and repurposing in other unforeseen ways.
Come to our Aussie tasting tomorrow any time between 12-2, only $10 for plate, drink & fun time!
sporting "a good mandarin is hard to find" today. how timely.
KYSCO is trying to reach 2,000 tweets by the end of the week. Someone really needs to piss us off so that I can reach our goal.
i love you!<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
is excited half the week is already over!!! Time really flies doesn't it?
#shitfangirlssay I'm jack's burrito nbd
hey Girl, can u follow me? #GodsWatching(;
Friend teaches special Ed. Has a student who won't stop pooping in her classroom. Thoughts?
Thank you!
Another film I've seen dozens of times. "Yall all can't ball, yall all can't ball, I'm the K. Kevie Kev, & Im not the fake..."
So, who will walk the bases loaded for D-Rob this time?
On Saturday I felt like a student again as I camped out in Mullen working on a book review while my family saw The Crucible in Hartke.
“: Lol Ok, I'm finished. I'm going to see how many unfollow me now lol” LOL!!!
lmao I wanna work for ! That's my dream ! is my hero girl !
u know u care <U+E414>
LOOK AT ALL OF THOSE PACKERS TRENDING! #undefeated thank you Mason Crosby, for actually making an outdoor field goal. GO PACK GO!
My mom woulda been proud of you! About Target - NOT Ratline.
Great meeting you today, looking forward to the Fall now!
Not worth it. You get locked in dates. More flexibility, same/better seats for same $ on game-by-game basis
Hey #Madison #WI! Check out 92.1 on the #radio and listen for our new ad! Let me know what you think!
The is going down smooth at band practice tonight. We've never sounded so good! ha
APDS dot edu We'll be live tweeting the event and will be taking questions over social media!
Please no ENG tonight! Heroine is better for my heart than this Avs game is right now!
A very, very happy 1st birthday to little Miss Miranda Sagan!
I so enjoyed my lunch with two of my sisters-in-law yesterday. It'd been nine years since we've seen each other.Wow.How does that happen?
Please follow me? I would do the best day of all, please.-37
In a much more sophisticated way, of course.
thanks Sarah!
is it to much to ask for a girl thats on tha same page as me?
Only in my family would a 70 year old aunt use a 9 year olds money to gamble in a game of Dominos...
just need to know the city and where to park an cab it or walk
Hey Crossroads GPS - everytime I get a robocall from you, I promise to give the people you are attacking $10.
Your not an alcoholic until you graduate
Holidays honey!! Miss u and your clay hands :)!!! Lol
That awesome feeling when you have to carry a girl a whole song all over the stage and up and down 2 ramps and aren't even that tired after!
hey there! you thinking about doing servathon again this year?
not to quote Eddie Money, but I think I'm in love.
#FridayReads MOCKINGJAY by Suzanne Collins (almost done!) then right into HORNS by Or maybe A GAME OF THRONES by
I don't have enough gas to get all the way out NA lol
thinks KBCO might be the nicest radio station in the world.
the state of Wisconsin welcomes you : )
"Now that's a situation" haha
My show just cut out! It didnt record right WTF!
Actually all you said was "I have to be in Milwaukee." But alrighty.
New Spring Patagonia, Mountain Hardwear, and The North Face have arrived! Stop by the shops and see what's new!
2,000th tweet shout out to Follow these people!
huh now that is weird. Fixed.
Take over wade
thanks for the tips :-)
sorry for the delay. Stop by anytime between 745am and 430pm and we would be happy to help.
Nights like this...II wish...did not exist....
so bad because of such great timing :P
Rumor is its a school bus tipped over, with kids on it :(
Thanks for stopping by to see us! What flavors did you try?
25 Sexiest Musicians Under 25: Rita Ora, Rihanna and More Make Complex List
yes! u got some mail at the house too. let me know when u r free...in between ur work and work.
I believe in quality and engagement not quantity. Do you believe the follower hype? Is it all about the number of followers?
Keef Cola Aya is in. Why are we excited about it? b/c it's an energy drink made with 100% sativa. Yes please!
Congratulations to on turning 40
Lets get the bondfire and guitars warmed up.
Yes it is! RT that's the mark of the tiger!
Why the fuck my TT's be filled with bullshit ass spam tweets,& it be the same bitches on every TT
imma pass by so we can chill!
Yes and I was happy she was in Lakewood church today and lit the screen with her nice smile.
im soo bored! i have been on oovoo since 12:30! and noone else is like up!
Exactly, but that's generally the academy for you.
thanks for the follow. Cool picture!!
Keep seeing official recs to stay off roads. At 5???? And hang out in dark,powerless offices? Until?
Robert Cunard Model Agent just booked 2 models flying to Hawaii for a major motion picture! Great Day here in LA!
MITx from also a reminder that successful brands play offense. "Dilute the brand?" No. MITx strengthens the brand globally.
When "listening with markers" is listed as a group activity at a facilitation training, I know I'm in for some soul searching
yuck, men's bathrooms are atrocious, I even hate to use them. I hope she didn't sit down
Why would someone want you to do something if all they're going to do is complain?
Thanks for the RT! Your blog post is very interesting as well (hadn't seen the #SXSW example)!
Watching this fight... Looks crazy!!!!
sticking to my prediction: Indiana upsets Miami in the 2nd round
So I guess this is what they mean by "aggravated assault." You aggravate me until I punch you in the face :]
RT : Average price of Super Bowl tickets is up per , but the get-in price is down compared to last year per...
The size of your melons determines the taste of your fruit - Yoda
Okay. It's more complicated than I thought! I'll let you know by tomorrow what day will work!
#20ThingsILove The illusion of internet freedom.
Good Morning!
Oh well???? Good job BP!!
Work work work & more work -_-
Cool, I didn't recognize you based off your avatar.
that's a beautiful thing
Everything that the rep. put up for vote been a losing battle, tax increase for the rich yes, cut medicare no
Thanks for this post--really thought provoking read!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO THE BEAUTIFUL I HOPE U ENJOY UR DAY.. I LOVE YOU AMIGA
drooling over the bed bath and beyond catalog. Wish I could win a shopping spree lol! They have such cool stuff for summer!
Stimulating the economy today.
The date offer was from Looking forward to it
Therefore the LORD God sent him forth from the garden of Eden, to till the ground from whence he was taken.
The only thing that could make this lemonade better is pineapple vodka.
Good news folks > Students who use Twitter have higher GPAs according to study by
The shaking was crazy.
This is a legit win for Calvin Johnson. The Panthers don't have enough fans to vote against Cam.
LOL. Sleepy and hungry perhaps? :)
#WhatAYear Alot of Ups and Downs.A lot of Losses and gain Lets see what 2012 has in store for me.
I have so many that I have Ann allergist:(
I think I'm gonna make a fan video for Austin <U+2665>
Stop acting like you're so damn perfect. All bitches got glitches!
Yeah I'll be limping around today...
“: Sometimes, you just want something... Different...” Absolutely
Just got off at Chinatown for database training Can't wait for my first day on Monday!
Im OK looking like the guy that would beat up an angel. RT : wishes he looked like an angel
Happy Birthday you've grown up so fast since one time :') #proudbelieber weve been there since then and will be till the end
Happy to b back in Austin once again!!
two workshops this weekend. :)
Two hours to cash in on years of work so you get thousands of dollars each year for education...
But I must say is not a natural swearer
I'm reading iPad in dark while the child reads her own book by flashlight next to me. Nerds.
i love cheesecake!! :D
Stupid GitHub question: After you forked pandoc-templates, how did you clone files into ~/.pandoc/templates/ ? [+]
m...m. Love me that scrapple!
The man who makes no mistakes does not usually make anything. - Edward John Phelps, 1889
Headin' back to Cheyenne tonight to see and in concert. Should be a good one!
you singing under the mistletoe is literally the biggest turn on<3<3
I woke up on some horny shit
I just wrote a song to my cat.
i haven't been to the aquarium since i was in like 3rd grade.
that Moscotto is tasting pretty good riGht about now.
if u in Atlanta bout to get it in tonight LMS
Who's your favorite on the sampler?!!
Tickets booked for Houston! July 5-18.
n00b here but how did you find that?
<-- is gonna have fun tonight <U+2665>
I need 3 new Bras from VS like right now!
Cool! Do they have the miniaturized city of Kandor there too?
Hell Yeah! This looks like a party inside of brain!
i think i used to buy a drink called whippersnapper.lol.
Awesome. Sure. What can we do to help you? We like your opening intro.... ;-)
All the art of living lies in a fine mingling of letting go and holding on. ~Henry Ellis
Assessment should be formative so that the learning can be seen..especially love peer assessments through polls and surveys
Will Crescent Trail hikers & bikers be dodging traffic on Wisconsin Ave? has the story. provides the sunshine at 6
amazing. please replay highlights, ASAP!
AX is awesome, but I need to spend less money...
Watching Cecil B. DeMille's 'Ten Commandments' on TV. Funny how the ancient Israelites and Egyptians all had perfect makeup and good looks!
Appreciate those who love you. Help those who need you. Forgive those who hurt you. Forget those who leave you.
Omg i don't know how to download music into my ipod ... how sad. -___-
i just went and followed everyone back! if i missed you and never followed you back tell me and i promise i will! thanks :) -Melanie
Wow. Common going in!!!
Damn people come to college looking like they just got out of bed lol.
“: We better have a good day in the view !” haha I'm working with you of course it's gunn be a good day!!!!!!
Shabbat Shalom to everyone. Take some time to unplug and relax. Hope it is a good one.
That's terrific! Will post it on Facebook too!
On the scene of a confirmed homicide in #Murrieta. One female dead, two males wounded. Police hunting with helicopter and dogs for suspect.
Yes, yes, yes, yes.
will u follow meeh????
We7kre about to have a HUGE sale! Get stoked!
is the best little sister on earth!! Shes awesome
bunting. duh.
the real her .. whaat?
fuck sadness. I'm on that happiness shit
Ima b up to the bullshit today.......
Enjoying lunch with the wife at our fine Penn Treaty Park.
IMLS will invest in this initiative; they will be talking with states about how to use state funds via LSTA to support the initiatives
yeah i know but it still sucks an im coming to bazil with james an kendalll SO WE CAN DRUNK
The first duty of man is to conquer fear; he must get rid of it, he cannot act till then. -Thomas Carlyle
Pass us on to ur friends, buy our song, help us make more music for you to enjoy
Man, I'm telling y'all this Sulfur mask that I use on my clients with oily, problematic, & acne skin be doing wonders
I'm reading Life, On the Line by Grant Achatz. Pretty good so far.
mom gave me permission to have another beer -____- spring break 2012 errrbody
u mean Nathan's all sweet and goody but what abuot Nate ^_^
I hate everyone below the age of 25, and I'm letting them know it with my old woman hate stares at the bar.
Got to write a poem for class.... Any ideas or titles???? Thanks :)
Investigation 's in tempe this saturday along with special guest of ABC15 news...will be a great nite..
Its gross I'm sorry!
Check Out Our Live Video Clip For Our New Song Called "Even Freaks Need Love Too"
So far, the movie I'm watching (Pumpkin Head 2) isn't half as good as the First one. The 1st one has Lance Henriksen, but this one doesn't.
need more followers could you help me get some?! We follow back (:
We also need to invest in the Housing Production Trust and rent subsidies to move residents beyond the shelters.
First iteration of website proved a great learning experience. Having a positive outlook and thick skin helps. Second round under way!
If you are in close distance of Old Town Manassas, you can get a 10" round personalized cake for $22!
Yah idk if he, knows This but he Kinda' has my Heart" *
loool, at me going to the concert in 2013 with these girls at school just so i can breathe their air twice.
Ramada Inn in Sylvester, Ga advertising "free wireless Internet, free cable television, antique showroom."
We love #developers! Are you in #PDX? Come in for an #adjustment to make sure you avoid the risks of #desk posture!
This has become the oddest conversation on my twitter feed.
We think financial problems are as damaging as health problems so we're healthcare for ur $$. Q's?
Wow, that is backwards of how it normally goes, normally its veggies that can't give up cheese.
3rd panel (International Business) starting now.
With the holiday season upon us, I had a realization.... I don't miss staff duty at all. Who knows what I am talking about?
Watch Fantastic Video from City of Austin: Maddie's Day Out! Free microchipping. #austindog Maddie, can Lofty Dog go with next time?...
Beautiful night out!
since I moved to London & started 2 jobs (one of them Snapette) I've been distracted. I need to give some tlc to Babelpop.
you kidding me right?
Are you serious? The whole room is purple? haha There's two purple and two white walls. :)
INDEED! RT: Other ppl will see your greatness only when you DO. EXPRESS IT!
how's Connecticut, isn't it filled with like ghosts?
My stomach is startin to speak Igbo..GEEZ!!!!
thanks for the follow dm me sometime I'd love toget to know you:)
a one of course!
Peyton doesn't look too good in navy and orange.
Did you take detailed notes on the Westminster Dog show as well?
We're giving many lectures & on many panels this spring all on publishing far beyond ebook technologies.
So much for America's child welfare agencies....what a joke!!!!!
oh yea wat type?
Heyy I've just met you and this is crazy but here's my number...so call me maybe! #obbsessed with this song!
oh no!!! I will send you some more!
ha ha, I'm not.
working on the computer going through twitter se who fucking with me lunch salad and glass of riesling can you buy that!!!!
where have you been??
RT : Think about the upcoming election. Is campaign finance reform on the top of your list? Your candidate's list?
Time to finally get my lazy self out of bed. Gotta do my hsir. Family dinner at 3 pm and my stomach is growling. Lol
Just bought gas for $3.49 a gallon. Sad that I got excited... But I did!
TEBOW DOES IT AGAIN!! Oh yeah, thanks Miami!
The official GEEK OFF is going on via our FaceBook page. Come post your stuff so we can talk about it.
man we was posta txt a long time ago ... What happen -_-
Cleveland goes with me everywhere I go..apparently the weather follows me too.....
if you have to convince, you're doing it wrong...
Lucky one tonight
I like how I'm still on the bus -_-
Mayweather better use this fight to show those inmates he means business.
his aunt said he will be coming to tampa and all that so yess he iss(:<3
That was the first thing that angered me about the trailer. They can't even differentiate between Arab and Indian?
i'm officially obsessed with League of Legends XD
so , i guess the Trending Topic on Facebook Is FUCK GOD . -.- # People Piss Me The FUCK OFF !
You know what I'm talking about! Haha ;)
“Forty is the old age of youth; fifty is the youth of old age
FD hosts CIML Iowa meet - Fort Dodge Messenger
Ha! Same here. I am throwing in the towel this year and will only plant some new annuals in the front planter.
Oh wee
You gonna cry about the BG ladies losing too?
bahh no one barely talks to me on here anymore../:
In this season of gratitude, we are thankful for your friendship and support. May 2012 bring health and prosperity to all!
I'm sick and tired of people not knowing how to park. Lines are there for a reason. F*#king douche nozzles. Just aim.
Yeah, yeah. Mom will probably scold me for spending $$ on some carnations. :D
Its a sweatpants kinda day...
"Good is the enemy of great" Jim Collins!
Boyd and Gonnet set pace England's Gary Boyd and Frenchman Jean-Baptiste share the halfway lead in the Volvo China Open in Tianjin.
Extreme Workout
So follow my awesome friend yeah? Cool. Her 1000th follower will get a shoutout.
what's the use?
Can I volunteer to come over and watch you try and start it and laugh at you? That sounds like a lot more fun for me.
appreciate it. Too bad all the videos are so closeup to the ring I can't see all of it haha.
RT Nothing better than a game 7 overtime game! #StanleyCupPlayoffs One problem sir , our teams not Playing!!! Lol
Congratz to my brother for signing with lees mccrae today!
Gooodmorning friends! Happy Wednesday!
The parents of the Franklin teen charged with felony bomb scare tell me they're "very upset and ashamed," they apologize to the community.
If you always smell like a japanese fish market #thatsnotagoodlook \
These girls are super funny Teenage wisdom at its best
Doodle jump?
My #ShamrockShake brings all the boys to the gáirdín...ah, that is... yard....LOL!!
Was in class today and my teacher had their iTunes on the board and guess what song they had? What Makes You Beautiful!! :D
Adversity has the effect of eliciting talents, which in prosperous circumstances would have lain dormant. -Horace
Sometimes I still need you.
Cougar Salute to our Armed Forces BBQ today at Fairchild. Let's raise a glass to all the soldiers, sailers and airmen
Just came back from potomac mills did the damn thing for my lil ones# priceless........
I need to go to bed.
GO GO YOU PSYCHO!
lol jerk. Lucky I love you :*
What happen?
Getting pumped for the acoustic set tomorrow at 3 kings tavern! Who's coming?!
Mekz Uno got beats!!! Good Quality for Hood prices!! get at him!!
Congrats to the new graduates & Best of luck in your future endeavors.
Will you think less of me for laughing at that video? :/
I just have one thing to say now, EFF YOU CALCULUS.
Thanks for the mention ! (that rhymes) =)
thanks, happy new year! How are things with you?
Insane heads up play by #Bills defense just may have saved the game for Buffalo. 1:45 to play...
I received a bottle of for valentines day, best girlfriend ever!
you shouldn't have gotten rid of the beard....
No way. I'll have to get that one
What's the over under on time it takes Sweaty Bruce to turn that creamsicle coat to deep burnt orange?
We thought the ruckus outside the office was #OOW11 related. Turns out #occupywallstreet was passing by.
Cant do none but learn from it
If you ever have an animal sprayed by a skunk, 1qt 3% hydrogen peroxide, 1/4 cup of baking soda, and a squirt or 2 of dish soap works great!
Battle bedroom boredom - try playful new approaches to sex.
waka flocka be having the best hookers in his videos
If i dose off, da money'll make a wake-up call...
my cab driver was like, "you don't look good" and I said, "shut up and take me rite aid" haha
Social Media is comprised of the human collective; a barometer of the group consciousness. We can change the world together! via
What the fuck did I just watch
the whole hook is about you dawg.
get off twitter ! & do your work ! x)
true - it is she that has put on the weight - but its isn't up to HIM 4 her to lose-what can HE do 2 support her
Snowing in #Nashville today, let the awful driving skills, road rage, and stand-still traffic begin!
or HRS March Madness Bracket pool? #UchHmm ?
things aren't better we're just feeling relieved temporarily. Politicians and corps can f this up again at anytime.
i wonder when blackberry will finally go under
RT : Living in the closet is a sad existence,I hope that Pres.Obama's legislation will help eradicate this scourge on our society!
Hugh Fearnley-Whittingstall's onion recipes - The Guardian
#Liberating allows for the unfolding of potential and the courage to live differently.
I did not know that! Thank you for the tip! Will be in touch!
happy born day
me too:/
#badecisionsTuesday across America tonight. The voters, in their infinite wisdom, have spoken.
Who else is going to #arlis2012?
I need new pointe shoes. Mine are dead.
and the fact that it's a girl..makes it all the better & don't even get me started on the Fantastic
i need to stop talking to myself and make new friends.
I made chocolate chip oatmeal cookies for hubby today. He's been hinting for a week...
#140mtl and Tang! (by product of putting a man on the moon)
If you believe it is stolen, please contact 911. 311 can only take the request once the registration or inspection expires.
Looking to go green? Purchase your Clear2Go bottle w/ filter at your nearest select Albertsons!
Ugh my stomach hurts. :/
I have to miss graduation tho, my boo just getting so old. :(
I miss your dumb ass remarks about yourself that are blatantly for attention...fb isnt my thing anymore
Breaking news: Tupac's ghost arrested for agrevated haunting charges.
football and amazing food!?!? 2 favorite things in the world!
he needs to back off my woman.
Do you like him like him, or just Facebook like him?
im having nada xP
Good morning and happy cinco de mayo !
yo tweets speak the mind
I wonder when being Miss. Independent turned in2 so much stress & when comments like "you always come out on top" turn in2 added pressure.
nope just stated the awesomeness of my color, tho your guys is fine too :) haa
best show I've ever seen in my life. I want to see it a million times.
Bruh, there's no way that was a real probate. I'm over here in tears.
get the dumb beep first !
Bump 'N Grind
“: I Will Drop You So Quick & Forget We Ever Met” like me ?
no dallas that stinks! hey u do a great job in the videos - trust me i have seen the spectrum and u r quite good!
When I saw your tweet, I was hoping you were here. Looked around. Alas, it's just us in the twitterverse.
i love you
Since the "experts" realized photos get attn on social media, I feel I'm bombarded with photos
Out of Focus “: FOTF rep: "We've heard stories of..wonderful same-sex families" but says those are anomalies #COleg #CivilUnions”
Get Off My Internets ;) It fulfills my need for snark and keeps me aware of my own blogging.
Just left my bank's ATM. Is it normal to look at a large sum of cash and giggle thinking about all the trouble it can get you into?
Rondo been working on his shot...progress
...and we have Caprio, with the Hoyas up 74-57 and 21 seconds to go. I think it's safe to say the drought is over
If Hawaii is out, then backcountry camping in Yellowstone and/or Glacier NP! Or wait, maybe Grand Canyon... really any NP.
im sorry but i have to admit it, youre Beautiful! Ü
Bulls ALMOST had it!! Lebron's beard scared them away
of course
RT : #Chabad chassidim stay up the whole night learning #Torah tonight, exactly 3324 years ago tonight is when the #Jews crossed...
I had to thumbs down her on Pandora months ago
The average woman in the US is 5'3. I knew there was a reason why I always felt so tall around other girls - I'm 5'7. (Without heels)
Greyhound racing using the team from !
Great statement from of 'raising capital is just to be an accelerant'
Im down to my own tricks, You're my Favorite fix- artist vs. poet <3
is the bees kneea
do you happen to need anyone to work your merch table at The Hotel Cafe in October. I know a girl.... ;)
your welcome bro
Yes...young
Another show stopping du Soleil special performance @ #drupa - last one today @ 16:45 don't miss it
And im never leaving your side
if u dance to it send me a video of it. I'd love to see somebody get down to that track!
You go on Teen Wolf your amazing and I love you! <3 (:
messing up my hair all week :(
I've become obsessed
I don't know what to do ...
School is so important. Especially if you want to make a living in music, study hard. U'll be happy you did. Finish the school year strong.
'member a few months ago when I went on that tirade 'bout needin' a job with #SoftBenefits?! Well praise be I found me one, lol!
they are
Most certainly. We'll have a photo gallery up shortly afterward.
I hate you. No longer my friend
no to the steelers!
the new twitter picture is intense.
. U guys are the cutest, matching! :)
Forced to spend Easter with my family... How great?
i was your 3000th follower (; meow
I am taking hits off this inhaler like a hyperventilating scuba diver.
whats been good tho playa when u gonna come get scum in the cool state?
RT : Want 2 make #Greek yogurt at home? Here's how. Thnx
Yes you screwed everything
Ignore haters: Congrats to your daughter, Tony! RT : did she get preferential treatment because of her skin pigment?
Just landed in Denver for my layover to LA and there is SNOW!! Do you think I have time to go play?
You're welcome. sorry I didn't have the answer you wanted
My Fat Butt Hungry Again Smh
Happy Mother's Day! Hope you have a memorable one :)
happy tuesday, doooods! (: is anyone else sick today? ):
- pass the baby powder they start to stick
Tomorrow I shall be in Jamaica. Sunday, I will emerge a tanned, ebony sistah ... in-law :)
love listening to Carrie and getting her point of view
every one tweet me please!!!
Viva Mexico!
"For a righteous man falls seven times, and rises again." [Proverbs 24:16] Bible
YOU ARE SO BEAUTIFUL (: (:
Fuck females ain't on my too do list , my list its made up of three things MONEY ,FAMILY ,GOD! see if I can fit them females in my free time
That is the best username I've seen xD and will do!
*high five with a Powerbar chaser!*
I Love You.
Eating sushi from my late sis n law, April Joy's fav spot. I'm thankful for her life and the love she showed me on this side of the grave!
??? Hm....canary ballroom in nashville?
I watched 5 minutes of the first round. I hope you all are proud of me. I only did it because MW was passed out & would've asked me about it
haha I was gonna go the filtered water way but after today's findings, gonna try other things
Does your grandpas neighbor get wifi that you can hack? We can skype!
played for Erie Bayhawks and Reno Bighorns in
just got home got a long day tomorrow.
I totally agree.
No. 2 Lindenwood getting set to take on No. 3 Delaware. Faceoff in about 10 minutes
My iPod screen is cracked, like broken so now I have to raise $187+tax to get a new iPod touch -__-
Thinking about black and white photography...my new obsession.
Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever. ~ Mahatma Gandhi
Hey-o That was hilarious!! You rock girl.
#Rochester we have a lot of animals available for #adoption and in need of loving homes! Stop in and visit the Verona st shelter today!
CSI M.I.yayo on deck
I think he listens to Billy Joel and Elton John.
Haha soon man missed you the otha weekend.. was gettin the hair worked fam.. still dealing wit this long hair shit...
no one tried, stupid if you ask me
Oh and after bitching them out about their shitty service they took $30 off our bill.
Ishikawa over aoki huh r? don't really get that one.
The knife cuts, the wound heals, but the scar remains...
It will rain on the day I move. It's a fact - 3/3. I could cure droughts...
Not only when they tweet!!
Lakers gonna bring it tonight
Ch. 11 Alabama spent less per inmate maybe due to the amount of servings
Last nights event was fire... we collaborated with some poets & created art...
So overwhelmed w/ emotion watching my students worship God in such a beautiful way So unworthy but still He loved me.
cant sit in this house anymore. need to get out.
Grape seed extract builds your immune system to strengthen you against all kinds of illnesses!
I'm sure he can girls that make paper beads to chat on Skype, DM an e-mail if you want contact info
See too many hot girls posting in #webdev? Use Google image search on their pic. Amazing how many names are used on same pic.
Matusz wasn't good at all AND we stranded 1,000 runners. I think they'll be better than last year but we're plagued by same issues
Congrats ! Former #badgers great. Enjoy this and get better soon!
We have a new server ready - vpn-ws9 OpenVPN (SSL) server in San Francisco
It's okay, I didn't want to bother you! I was also really concentrating on not vomiting out all my Robyn-inspired excitement.
: Online #poker has bipartisan support in Congress. The Payroll, Unemployment & Medicare Committee should back this!
Enjoying 's presentation "Push Past PowerPoint" for ASTD Cascadia Chapter
Allen, we are following you now, Thanks!
Ha! Cute! The story and apparently your butt.
Oh so wht wen was the last time u won the cup??????? U shud rly put a pic of u up I wanna see wht u look like ;)
A ticket for running a non-existent red light, another cop searching my car at 10 am, a dead battery in nomans land parking lot
Q1) Looking to engage my learners in ways they weren't expecting from their eLearning. And never mentioning Gamification once.
How can you love me one day and leave me the next?
I should of never did what I did <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BF>
Thanks for the follow and RT!
What was the main reason for leaving??
Now watching #taintedlovetuesdays at
~ thanks for makin the hike 2 th MKE!! bang a pot! boom! lookin forward to the NE event!!!
#NowPlaying: La Vie En Rose by
Plane's a good idea!
Awww today I'm gonna see my love my bestie aw :D
my boss doing it for second time at 60
The mind is full of pointless repetition. It has been estimated that 90 percent of the thoughts anyone thinks on a given day are the same
Yup, I appreciate it. I'm writing an article about long gone Pgh breweries. I'll shoot you an email this week. Thanks!
School, road lesson and now work.... I'm gunna die.
Check him out www.jamesgalea.com
Seems fishy.
It's interesting what can happen in 24 hours.
Strong riding! I'm envious.
Thank you for following!
I hate being ignored. :/
Um. You ok? Woof.
We need a model for tomorrows 12pm airbrush class. Please call us ASAP if you are avaliable to come. (248) 477-5548
At 9315 broadway waiting for case to perform
Anyway my homeboy just remind me of something very important to check out better go check that out ASAP
Maybe. Well def have more ladies :) gear though RT Please tell me you'll be stocking up on the ladies "CDP" tank
I'm wiped out as well!
spamming that vid all over this world XD
I will remember that, thanks.
Just bought my blackberry :)
sounds more like something mcdaniels would do...
If you love sensi star clap your hands!!
I am OBSESSED with your tropical mango probiotic machine!
I wanna see it! Send me a picture via FB msg or something haha
Stop taking pictures of food, we live in Alaska where a single tomato is $25.00
Wait, thats how it is in my life. Isn't that how your life is?
accidently presses button on niconico when watching a gero video... what I just do.. I love gero he's awesome..
I do what I can.
of course! thank you. :)
i just heard on cnn cable news that a us soldier died saving a childs life by geting in front of a armered vehicle hero
It's so hot outside!! I know kids still wearing sweat pants!
Had a great day with the fam, but so glad to be home. What to do next?
I'm good, a bit tired, and my eye is bruised for some reason, but I'm good.
you're on my bucketlist. Just thought you should know.
is this a distraction to the team? a la Charlie Weis last year.
How come the one time this summer it's rainy in Portland has to be during the perseids?
Instagram for Android released, now available at Google Play store
Omg that was the most over the top, amazing party I have ever been to!! Omg where is my self esteem
kiss my butt trey!
aw, congrats!
Moms getting lot of airtime in P/O...<Must admit the "stare down" by Cp3 son of Blake on PG was priceless...car comm coming?
Happy Mothers Day to all the moms out there.. You are appreciated EVERY day!! You're always there through the good and bad times.
The only reason Mitt "can't wrap it up" is because of the destructive naysaying of Kruiser types.
Sub. Again.
Inversion table = hands down best present I've ever gotten.
Have you seen Pootie Tang??!!
#NP milo and Otis - Friendly city And by NP I mean on repeat
Trying to get twitter to work...
Did you enjoy it?
*Whore* WHO SAID THAT???? RT if u hav done tht to somone when u pass em in the hallway :)
I am a natural caretaker and I am not frightened by a lot.
I just seen the preview for #TheAmazingSpriderman; I have 5 words, I HAVE TO SEE THAT.!
I feel so much more organized! RT : I always enjoy a morning coffee, chat and brainstorm with !
Agents dont like to apologize or explain why the homeowner didnt prepare the home for sale. Agents wont be back.
Rough day wana go home n curl up in bed :-(
YES! Rt “: Quote of the day: sometimes you just want to build a #Lego Death Star #bigbangtheory”
please follow me?:D
working on it now.
Why has twitter not figured out a way to block spammers yet? If they can find a way to do it you can find a way to stop it
On my way to #cwcon. Trying to remember what I've forgotten to pack.
RT : Laptop BIOS needs to add a mode in which the computer is off but the USB ports are able to charge a phone. -> +1 !!
Being stalked.....in alexandria....this is weird.....not random.
bye.see ya tomorrow.0_0'
I'm so excited to go shopping tomorrow yay :D
": #MEET a bitch #SKEET a bitch #DELETE a bitch" dats how the game goes....
GUESS WHAT!
OHH SHYTT! My Mama gone beat my ah when she see's my report card! #UHOH! :O
I hope I get taller at least a little
Will be in Austin next wk for ~24 hours, long enough for a Torchy's taco // 1 yr ago, I had pleasure to meet & in Austin
yup - I'm watching Pulp Fiction 4 the first time since I saw it in theaters and decided to go to film school that same day.
give me a min fone died...
The late night bus crew is INYERESTING...to say the least.
Yep i am eating a McRib.
Ikr i cant believe what all happened on it last night.
Sara's sister, big Kandinsky fan, was kind of let down when she saw it. Pretty technical, took away some of K's magic for her...
LOL. Well, I assume you're liberal and, therefore, assume that you claim you're tolerant
1 hour till my cuzzinz and auntz get here(:
Perkins limping off to the locker room could be a good sign for Dallas at least for a few moments, he is like a mosquito to them
Is anyone into Lee Fields? I am in love.
Listening to #Foreigner "that was yesterday." What ever happened to men who massaged the mic? And androgyny in general?
See you on the trails, robin.
LOLOLOL YOU HAVE NO PROOF. It was probably snippy? (;
and it's all LEGAL according to romney; insider trading is okay as long as you get away with it in the paper scramble & greedy lawyer chaos
That akward moment when you call someone you don't even know for one of your really good friends. Theres a first for everything xD
Journal of internal medicine: Surgical treatment of gastric carcinoma
#LessAmbitiousNovels How Stella Got the Clap Back
wiz sucks tygas trashy yet catchy wayne sucks minaj is garb
#WhatYouShouldKnowAboutMe I keep it real
Hiya pals! We're talking bout the best and worst things we've done for our pets. Bet I know what your's is!
RT : Some of the most beautiful diamonds are the ones with the biggest flaws. Wear your imperfections with pride.
lol I like killing games haha
I want I want I want but that's crazy
Can I have a follow? Please and Thank You :)
13 tank tops left to be claimed.
Why compare yourself to others? No one in the entire world can do a better job of being you, than you. <3"
Whoever came up with the idea of "one size fits all" must of needed a good laugh.
I guess they have divided their fanbase with later releases...not gonna lie, I only listened to Reinventing Axl Rose.
You!! RT who are you excited to see ? >awww! That made me smile!
I hate when someone throws a wrench in a good plan
posting times and dates for hard rock cafe soon as i get all the info
so many people visiting the city this week. Particular reason?
hosting #SMW2012, looking forward to it!
Merry Xmas to all my followers... hope you enjoy the holiday...
Foreplay or intercourse?
Are you spending the weekend ? If so, lets talk about it and tag it. #LovePCBeach Let's do our part to keep visitors coming!!
my loves like a star..
black stone cherry is AWESOME!
facebook is down right now
I just finished a 2.85 mi run with a time of 32:48 with Nike+ GPS.
I'm so sorry if you ever wanna talk to me you can always DM me
Obama, let's not wait for another 9/11 to occur, let's unite now and get this country moving once again. The clock is ticking let's go
I meant Sundy*
Haha oh, he's still around :)
so proud of , the High School Musical team just made him a star!
#RudeBoy will always be one of my favorite songs <3
um twitter i know my tweet was posted thats why i hit the tweet button
Happy Valentines Day :)
can take home pub exclusive beers for cheap that aren't carried in bottles.
I love slurpee's !!
#MahoneOnEllen dropped to #3 on the trending topics in the US! keep tweeting Mahomies :]
no cooking today for me.....sandwich or a bowl of cereal on today's dinner menu..lol
#IGetJealousOf people who get to meet Cody.
I'm really moody today.
Tweeting from 35000 feet, thanks for the free wifi VirginAmerica
thanks, I think I will need all the luck I can get
Planning out my shotlist and concept for -"The Question" #BehindTheBeat Pt.2 w/ . . . Stay Tuned!
Yes. Should be up by Wednesday!
“I have decided to catch a Heffalump.”
-- I don't recommend owners to dump GOOD players, like Martinez.
As I was reading this my son came up to tell me he was going to McD's for a shake. HA! Now we're gettin smoothies!! THX!!
thanks Casey, happy Easter!
Listening to super bass on the radio #LoveIt :)
People starting to piss me off left & right.
I got in the car & she was like "im not mad, just you shoulda told me you were leaving." SHE WOULDA LET ME STAYED .
141 cappers with their plays posted Sat. and 5 Bowl cons. and 2 NFL on Dallas & Over all posted to view FREE...Happy Bowling
sad, but also a little proud of #gertie for finally doing more than barking.
Yes, like where the best surf breaks are that's really the most important question, right?
That was amazing! When do you hold auditions?! I have a prospect for you...
my eyes hurt, that shit was nasty -.-
This one was hard to find I took it out of my book. It'll be cool though. If you ever need help w/monologues let me know!
Open to serve you with 4 shopping days left until XMAS. Everything in the bookstore on SALE 10-20% OFF. Dbl Punch Drink: Gingerbread Latte
3 couture jobs in office today! That's a record for us. There was some serious excitement.
RT: Hey #AmericanU! We'll be following the ceremonies & retweeting our fav photos all weekend Don't forget to use
I have everything unlocked.
It's What Would You Do Wednesday on the blog at www.knowledgesafari.com. Can u help answer the ?
Wow im really feeling the love
Goodnight guys!
alrityy me and chelsea looked nickroux up on googlee and we have decided he has brown hair.!! lol (:
Be thou the first true merit to befriend, his praise is lost who stays till all commend.
Dillon's 5th Birthday party with the fam is done. The kid is rich in Toy Story swag!
Rainy Sunday
got a workout from french braiding my hair
Agreed, but for me it's graham crackers and milk.
if yall want to follow you then follow my by and retweet this
Exclusive: Woman claims San Diego City Lifeguard services discriminates, jury agrees.
you can't spell Crazy without az
Chillin rite now
About to upload pictures of all the doodling I do in Physical Science and Human Growth.
Could not agree more. RT : My #FF goes to - if you live/work/visit DC they are a must follow!
Time for some netflix!:D
Um I can. And Im not.
And all goes silent
Black girls are starting to get boring to me...lol
RT : From 1991-2010, Wisconsin’s average rank in terms of job creation was 21st. Under Gov. Walker we ranked 50th.
Woke up late shower then school
Thanks to everyone that came out to Event last-night. It was a packed house by 10:40.
Learning is a treasure that will follow its owner everywhere. -- Chinese Proverb
'The greed of Wall Street broke Main Street' - quote from tonight's #Frontline special
Listen to your audience and thank them for helpful suggestions and tips. Being personable can go much farther than knowing all the answers.
Happy Fourth!!!!! :D
thanks for sharing- I love the PS 22 chorus!
word? ....no..tell me more..tell me more!
I miss you twitter! I will never ever ever let you be left behind cuz of stupid school! Alright time for tumblr
Done with the semester! Ready to move in our new house with
I been out of HS 11yrs now but I held up well. I could still pull a young bitch
#NP Andrae Crouch Let the Church Say Amen
The New Black Project: Coming Soon. Sooner if my hard drive hadn't crashed. It's all good. That's what Red Bulls are for.
It's 1:15 and the next sess n is about to begin. If you want to talk to me afterward, I'm wearing a WordCampNYC tshirt.
Lets get these outs
agreed. crazies will be crazies!
Had a nice lunch out with and - now back at the work!
#CNN confirms from the San Diego Chargers that former NFL player Junior Seau has died.
At least the loud phone conversation on train preventing a nap is a civil, positive conversation between friends.
This weekend in college basketball Duke is upset by Virginia Tech 60 - 64
Heading to public house. Hope I see
It's supposed to go down to 28 degrees tonight! Are we serious?!?!
Had a great time at the shoot last night! Everyone who came out killed it =P Can't wait to see everyone again this summer on warped tour!
thank you so much for ur follow shout out and the love!!!!
Hey Doug, I loved your Awl piece on copyediting the copyeditors, even just tweeted it today. Great stuff!
me and will be leaderss for california<3
#MaddenNFL13 Fan Reaction Will React Accurately To In-Game Situations
can't decide if she just heard gunshots or fireworks. Hmm.
Fun open mic in Anderson last night. Thanks Nick. Also Scott from helped me out and was on fire.
Watching my coworkers sing their hearts out at Cactus Club. Awesome!
GenomeWeb: Baylor clinical exome sequencing program will move from paper to web-based reports tailored to physicians/patients in future
CBEADLES FACT: Christian had a fetish for shoes:O he has over 100 pairs of shoes
It's hard to let someone that important go.
Can't wait for #Patriots domination tomorrow and to see Drew on the sideline! I'm planning a watch party, so if anyone's interested- holler!
what are the odds k. Wright falls to #browns at 22?
First day of the new semester! It was awesome, so far I'm loving my classes. But sadly in PE we have to run a mile tomorrow... ew.
R both Weeks brothers hurt now???
i did have your pencil >:)
Goodnight Ian.
awhhh look at Brandon being sweet. ((:
Forever settling the age old debate of what came first, "man vs. bunyaan".
Y do u hustle 4 big money when 1/2 the time u in jail & can't make nor spend that BIG money
Ohmygod crazy bitches. Like seriously.
Getting ready to interview a client for a case study. Journalism hat is on!
My first time out of PA! 1 state down, 3 to go till we arrive in Charlotte!
it was such a great wedding!!!
“Confidence comes not from always being right, but from not fearing to be wrong.” <3
Yea I tweet
And now we're on twitter..
Node Hawk Down
follow me please i love you so much <3 <3
City workers arrested in alleged drug scheme involving prison inmates
Have one #Soccer best bet and added a bonus Parlay that we are risking less on,with over 80 games today there is value
Loved it! So much better than Coke and Pepsi.
I'm in a good mood today. Must be all the new swag and the fact that I get to chill with some awesome people tonight.
I'm bringing all the drama.
“: The only person I love at the moment is for bringing me food. Thanks :3 <3” ---Aawwwww!
Its so addictive, but wonderful!
Thanks Love!! (:
Happy Leap Day! So, is it true that anything that happens today, didn't? ;)
Had 3 amazing sessions this week. So much fun that I don't want to see another camera for a few days. Sample unedited pic here...
I laughed, both because what he said was true, and because IT IS SO OZZIE.
Thanks (: I hope you have a wonderful week, and everything goes as you plan!!!:D I love you Austin #MahomieTillTheEnd <111
AUSTIN PLEASE FOLLOW ME AND MAKE MYDREQAM COME TRUE
At work. I hate the snow
I will try that next time i see something cute on karmaloop. Thanks!
Ok so no ones texting back -.- everyone Hates me
The most humiliating way to slap someone is with a handful of butterscotch and confetti.
Weak crowd at citibank field.
Savings Tip - Plug home electronics into power strips and turn power strips off when not in use
One can count on one hand how many Bachelor and Bachelorette couples are still together. These shows are a joke, but fun to watch!
Pilar Tobias sent you an invitation to connect on Plaxo on December 18th. That invitation will expire soon! Follow this link to accept Pil
stadium steps with me tomorrow?
You were the last good thing about this part of town
Well at least you have something going for you
y'all are bad... In a good way
Both are lacking. We have a DVD player and are watching The Fighter. I'm watching Family Guy on my iPad
Sorry I went full retard on my first response. Got mine about 30 mins ago.
That's the spirit!
Love the new digs but was sad Al was a touch too Vegas revue for me
RDJ making the interview rounds today- LOVE
He Bein Mean
Went to bed early because I was acting like I was Cotto and lost the fight. Was so upset..
Goodnight folks! Got myself an early start tomorrow. Sweet dreams!!
The Red Sox first win of the season is against the Yankees. Damn, that made my day!
OUR GIFT TO YOU: Receive a $10, $20 or $30 gift card with purchase over $50 this weekend only! See Terms and Conditions for details.
Thank you. We always have fun :)
be your self! DONT change for NOBODY!
Mother, mother #Ocean, I have heard your call. Wanted to sail upon your waters since I was 3ft tall. You've seen it all, you've seen it all.
Bachman says she will not negotiate w/ new Taliban office in Qutar. Staff reminded her she ain't shit and to shut the hell up.
The search for truth is more precious than its possession ~AE
Varsity banquet dinner with & Abe.... Lmao
cause your friends look good, but you look better (;
I might have a potential conflict, but I'm planning on attending.
Happy Earth Day!
So the answer to saving our kids and stopping terrorism is to stop adults from playing a game online. lol What a joke!
Let us live so that when we come to die even the undertaker will be sorry.-Mark Twain
Hey! I resent that! I'm totally approachable. RT : If you encounter... any wildlife, please do not approach or disturb.
#10factsaboutme 3.I'm gay but so is 50 percent of football players, they just dont come out
I am a fan of Katy Perry.....chick is dope
We wish every mother a very Happy Mother's Day! Hope all you awesome moms are enjoying yourselves!
RIGHT!!!?? Hah ~ I just got some super exciting news so was feeling all inspirational! LOL Have a great one!
Segregated without food and light during their period, Nepali women rebel ...
However lots of ways there may be of being alive, it is certain that there are vastly more procedures of being dead, or instead not alive.
it has to smell 100,000 times better !!
One fish, two fish, wanna be a big fish? Then don't sell off your retirement. Build your alarm company with SS&Si Dealer Network. Build RMR!
One of the best compliments I get, "you have a great handshake"
My son will be home from University in about 5 hours, not that I am counting....
Allstate as the big winner next year??
going to Miami this wknd, weather = sun and clouds, highs mid 80s, lows in the mid 70s. Ah... now to re-focus on work for 1.5 more days.
welcome to twitter!
I'm apart of a magazine
hahaa click on connect and in the little bar on the top you can search for people(:
I spent 30 minutes doing Elliptical - 560. 560 calories burned.
My mom was Dancing to dubstep earlier .. Funniest thing EVA.
Chime in w your observations on changing customer behaviors
If you're HRCI certified, join me at LINKEDIN group to post HRCI credit opportunities or see what's there. NO job postings or requests.
WELL SOMEBODY KILL IT ALREADY
o and one more thing what did u do what u said u will do if u met Alex???
I wanna be #teamIPhone i think..
lazy day
Well, if you look at it that way, time travel into the past is... sort of theoretically possible.
Finished painting my ceiling my mother better like it. Because I am tired of sitting here. SOBER, nonetheless.
Read the blog. U'll learn sumthng new re Reps still respect work of the clergy, yes? Happy Eastr.
that trailer was crazy. Thanks for playing Atmosphere before, made my commute this morning :D
When I was in LA last semester, everyone was bending over to get raped by finals, and I too wanted in on that fun. But I don't have finals.
Sitting on the train and just heard someone's phone go: "You've got mail!" -- Are you kidding me? AOHeller.
ha I worked at 5am.
quote: "I'd go to Red Lobster for some gluten free cheesy biscuits. That may be the most biracial thing I've ever said"
or magnolia so i know. ;)
Thanks for following - our first 3 soaps we are creating are Citrus, Lavender and Peppermint. Can't wait to kick this off!
We're all like weird creatures who stay in and come out and have all these arms and legs.
hey, can I have a free pizza?
RT : Yay for 1300. Hubby and I adore you.
toes numb. but its snowing. i guess its worth it.
Dat chug tower
I think there was a mistake. It says here, there can be happy endings
Jerry Rice continues to seek treatment in retirement and found it extra helpful during his "Dancing with the Stars" competition.
where is my puppy? Cuz I been waitin since last summer honey lol
Chillin' at school--Spanish class(: I can't believe the school year is almost done! Only 15 more days!(:
": you're dumb" i am smart enough to know that already.
Home from Pittsburgh. I think my cat, Maubi, has eaten the other cats...she must be up to 25 lbs, 8 lbs. more than my daughter...save us.
Fifty largest state and local law enforcement agencies the largest state is New York (NY) Police 36,118
This Kony shit is insane, modern day Hitler
GO EAGLES!!
So....who wants to buy me Mass Effect 3 for my birthday?
Had my rueda dance class this evening. It was so much fun. It's similar to salsa, but with a twist.
nom nom, what did we get?
Does that come in another color?!
Volumes 17 & 18 still scheduled to ship to artists and mailing list Mid-June! Stay tuned.
ew I hate the dentist. Wanna go for me?!
Nickel and diming are such typical Chicago slang, I am that our Havard grad president can't speak better english off the teleprompter.
Thanks for heads up.
Huge crash on Hutch by exit 2 - so many emergency vehicles
I'm glad i'm not doing naplan, got a year to practice for it though..
Everyday we make it, we'll make it the best we can- jack daniel's
OMG. YOU ARE AMAZING. WOW.
New client list :D
Depending On What You Get & Where
thanks Red!!! Xxoo
#FF have a sweet Friday boys :)
can i have some lol !!!!
It blows my mind when an ENGLISH MAJOR cannot spell correctly!! How is that possible?? And you want to be a teacher?? HOW?
‘Valuing a business is part art and part science.’ ~Warren Buffett
#ufconfox fool... Turning it back and forth to
what is it???? follow my new twittr
you have snow while we roast in the sun in southern California. I thought Fall was supposed to be chillier.
If a girl is stupid enough to love you after you broke her heart, I guarantee you. She is the one.
I need to start running again
Just checked the fantasy baseball standings and it looks like I'm in first again?! I think we need another jorts bet...
Mom's song!
where are you?
"Learn From Yesterday, Live For Today, Hope For Tomorrow."
so am i lol
<U+2605> Contact us for your next Corporate Event, Private Event, Wedding or Bar/Bat MItzvah <U+2605>
Several weeks ago, 1 of my wndrful librarian RSS feeds gave listed sites that create better charts than .xls Anyone remember that link?
Time for bed.
Congrats to the amazing cast of Can I Really Date A Guy Who Wears A Yarmulke! Well done y'all!
fully agree, man. Even if it is solely a 2. Need defense this offseason. Would give #Packers 4 of top 100 in the
is coming too?
Getting ready to volunteer at ForKids Art Auction tonight in Norfolk
When folks say "Springs" does that include Manitou? Or are they referring just to Co Springs?
This template is inadequate to my needs.
RT : here in #Orlando at #nasstrac just announced - record breaking attendance. Should be a good couple days.
Just passed house <U+270C>
Starting with Step 1 of the #SmartChart goal, mission and objectives
this. Get on that.
Our greatness lies not so much in being able to remake the world as being able to remake ourselves. Mahatma Gandhi
Ok I just followed hella people back sorry so late just dnt be on twitter much.
this couldn't be more true. RT: If people could hear the next five seconds after I hit "end" on a call, I would have no friends.
Now Rep. Benson is attacking gambling expansion in Vikings stadium.
Gonna be dopes up on pain killers and orajel for the next couple of days hopes its not a cavity never had one before :(
Marry Ann's fajitas >>>>
#jealoushands RT : this record is unbelievable
It's hard to believe how such a loud noise can come out of such a small baby #LoudFarts!!!
haha, watching the vow in a few mins.
fun time - Thank you :)
got evaluated today, little more serious than they thought. Titanium plate, screws for 4-6 weeks. Surgery Friday morning
Tomorrow and I are premiering our movie 'We Are Broken'!!! 6 months of hard work all leading up to this day!!!
Thanks for the retweet Dave!
going to see #TheAvengers!! :D
A laff trac? In this day and age? #aytv?im,c
****NEW*** HOODIES & CREW NECKS AVAILABLE NOW!!!!
Ohh ohh Ohh nd i #PrayForJapan i just cant sleep 2nite knowing the things aint right its in the papers its on the tv its everywhere tht i go
Alone time IS great.. I literally am NEVER alone! Haha
Saving trees and teaching manners in style! Your child will love these napkins from Fabkins and you will love the price! Only $11 from...
when you look up a venue it shows you who is there.
I've been thinking some about your "missionary" comment. I come from a long line of missionaries. Judge if you want. +
Working on #saa11 #s408 pres on Collections Access Project. I guarantee title slide alone will be worth cost the of admission.
RT Chinese baby flesh capsules seized in S. Korea? What sucks is American companies are never going to be able to compete on price
(That RT is deliciously partial, of course, but it's just to remind us: baseball is nigh!)
Pretty sure that french fries and an oreo mcflurry for lunch is only acceptable bc I'm prego.
Hitting this chick up be the best decision today... #Prom ?
Awesome. We leave on Saturday evening. I'm too excited. Naomi is going to go dark when she meets a real princess!
hit up she does email blasts to djs might be able to get u on the radio!!!
amazing day in St. Augustine for Regionals with Lisa Kostka! She is such a amazing mentor for Motives!!
why don't you shut up about it!!!
i can go for hours about that subject lol
Here we go...
Belle was here iloveyousarah ! ; So tell me darling do you wish we'd fall in love <33
hello bro. Miss you!:)
Headed to for Taco Tuesday soon!
i love you rather your number one, or number one million one. you're always number one in my book !
Today feels like a Sgt Pepper day
My pleasure!
ah. We WILL be there. Haha
: I know but bored beyond so dressed makeup on & in my parked car deciding wth to do
follow me back I was the singer sendin u the songs on fb
Another great reason to use LED bulbs there is no Infrared (IR) or Ultraviolet (UV) output, so no harmful radiation to the human body!!
Marc Bousquet talking at #2011ASA about "headless schools," teacher-run public schools.
Lincoln bound.
Arrived in Oxford Junction, Iowa. Sleeping @ community center 2night. Video update will b uploaded when i have wifi.
#PSN is going back on in wensday!:)
It's lovely!
A watched paper is never delivered.
Fuck everything anyone can take from me.
VIDEO WORLD WIDE!!!!!
Blessed weekend everyone..
can't take this anymore.
What a way to end the week! Not only is today #Fridaythe13th, it's also National Kiss Day. Lend a smooch to your superstitious pups!
great coverage of the game thanks
- Weigh your option.. just NEVER forget about the bacon again.
Loved part 1 of Breaking Dawn felt so inspired
aw :) eleanor, you are so gorgeous!
you're welcome! ;) it's because you're an awesomely grounded person!
Stila waterproof smudge sticks are the best liner they glide on with no tugging or pulling! Love love love it they come in so many colors .
WHAT THE HELL
You'd better be hungry, Beaverton! We're setting up shop until 2:30PM. Hope you like your tamales hot!
Happy Thanksgiving
I can't sleep. Had to take Mother-in-law to the airport at 4am and work starts in morning time today, running on coffee now.
the trick with indie music comes in when one defines indie either as a style of music or in major/minor label/licensing terms...
I took 12 pages of notes at my committee meeting! Now I have to read that Minutes-writing book to format them.
No matter what I will always find the strength.
RT : Hey guys- just got the inside scoop: Artopia tickets are $12 until noon, otherwise they are $20 at the door.
RT : JUST ANNOUNCED pt 3: Presents Simmer Down Sunday 5/27 (free late show) • Brandon James & The Middle City...
cool, where at?
#Merchant_Services Every small non profit today has to fight for their share of the donation dollar. There is another way...
Nintendo 3ds spot pass is awesome! Some people make some weird miis... technology
Oh of course. If those are along the same lines, I may be interested in reading them, though. I say old, yet LOTR is like 70 now.:)
well said!!
MT : 1st black president-Health care reform-DADT-Bin Laden-DOMA- Equal pay-Same-sex marriage endorsement. Best prez, ever?!
Wrapping party with the Luvvers for our two families
I gotta go to the store before work
I'm so glad! Yoga can really work wonders for body soul and mind!
just start with #vivalastool and you will be all good
The only consistent thing in life is Change. Why is this hard to understand?
i will always be in love with you.
lol tosa is too. You ask me the whole city of milwaukee prejudice. Statistics prove that. Milwaukee the most segergratedcity
Guh, who wants to cook on Sundays? Take it easy and order something tasty, like our infamous Sybil's Breakdown pizza. Its
wow... Not gonna make any friends that way. Hahahaha keep doing work all day son!!! We see you!!
OMG INSTANT FOLLOW what's his twit name?
i been writing since, 11:40 till now..still ain't ate..
Congrats to the 8 Nat'l TLMeet quarter finalists! Wallace side: U. of Washington, UPenn, Villanova, Northwestern!
I am officially done with Keke Palmer. Lol
age-old tech just became easier. I make an account under anyone's name, write things online, thus tarnish their rep
When is online & 51.6k fans are trying to get a follow from him…….… yea I have NOCHANCE of a follow back :'c
Oh my god, Rebecca Black wants too duet with Justin Bieber. Perhaps she doesn't know that Justin made fun of her "Friday" song, hahah..
Election Day is November 2, 2010 this year - Vote 2DC on FriskyRadio,12pm EST,5pm GMT,9am PST - Anything else would be Uncivilized...BOOM!!!
Who's the guy with you?
Today, Dean reads the SagePresence book for the first time after being turned by the editor. Excited! Will report.
Me, you and Jon should chill on Friday!
I Love you too <3
Totally understandable. Will do!
I wish. Lunch is over &I missed my opportunity. If I get one on the way home, it will be too late & I'll be up all night.:(
Seeing so many 'American Craft Beer Week (2012)' badges earned !
hey babygirl hope things are ok miss u
Well that was a fail.. Lol
Just made grilled salmon w/steamed veggies, only to discover that my dinner for two has now turned into dinner for one. Hmm....
I hope so.
is this the New Zealand project?
watching tree of life...what. a. downer. shesh
I want to Thank God for this beautiful day and delicious lunch...oh wait, I thought this was Facebook
thanks for following! Be sure to also follow too!
Why should your customers buy from you? What do you do better than your competition? Is it just price? Tell them why and do it quickly
OMG, hilarious!
I do! Party like it's 2000
We've always believed in taking care of customers the way we would want to be served. 678-653-5425
yeaa my mentions are dead.
dope! Go Bills! RT Just found out I'll be a buffalo bill
um, is this THE tom cummings? :)
hah funny you say that im only 17 here and i walk like one lol
HAPPY BIRTHDAY RAY RAY!!! <3
/// Lol.....Wade always blows the game.
Coyotes get your mind right.
Awww Austin!!! You were soo cute!!:) well you still are!;)
Though he has both Arizona and Colorado in "The Next Four Out" so that doesn't make any sense...
Dayyam!!! Bieber is bad luck!
Great talk on how to use Facebook in targeting your sales audience www.BMCTalkShow.com
middle school relationships
WANT HEALTHIER, LONGER HAIR? VISIT WWW.COMPLETELENGTH.COM
Today's #hbrchat sounds fab. Wish I had time to participate!
OK, that is the first time I've smiled -- and laughed -- TONIGHT. Thanks, Bobby!
Enjoyed the Good Word & seeing so many familiar faces at my childhood Church Anniversary today. It was like a Family Reunion!
#iRememberWhen i used to love being on the phone 24/7
8) Believe in yourself. - Donald Trump’s rules of success. Rule #9 coming in 4 hours.
“Give, and it shall be given to you. For whatever measure you deal out to others, it will be dealt to you in return.”
Look for the girl with a broken smile.
Rays use infield shift successfully on Peralta, even with runners on first and second.
yep. Line moving slowly
Love driving around with
Charismatic snakes.
R u comin
RT : #Excited! No better way to watch #TheHungerGames than in luxury!
How was your day?(:
Indeed! ": My 3-yr-old sings her own cover of #Seal's "I Have Been Waiting For You." She's pretty good."
Well right now I am watching him sing Neyo So Sick.. Back in 2007 :') I am soo proud
Give thanks to God for the small things so that you can appreciate the big things
Great show today Stan!
Did you know the average women smiles 62 times a day?
Thanks for following me back. I would like to learn how to be act someday. <3<3<3<3
I just finished a 3.10 mi run with a time of 34:26 with Nike+ GPS.
I'm not allowed to get an industrial piercing.. #sad lol
I'm watching tv, and my DAD just stands right in front of the tv to ask me what I want for dinner. JUST MOVE AND GET ME SOME FOOD.
Happy Milf's Day!
My pockets are the only things bigger than my ego.
just read this on Facebook. 2.01? Dude that is motoring!
Can someone explain to me what a day off is? RT : QD: What do chefs do their days off?
Peyton did you like our poster we made for you !?<21(:
alrighty! i'll check him out and try to work something out! :)
Startupism 2012 was off the hook -- cheers to for making it happen!
Tell a baby to talk to the hand.
Mortgage Rates Recover Appreciably From Yesterday's Weakness
I think Im back...lol, at least for now...lol
On my remote, the Previous Channel button is located too close to the Alyssa Milano Uses Wen Haircare button.
Haha!!! your nickname is soon to come. RT : pee we!!!!!
I'm definitely on a rollercoaster right now...good thing I like surprises :)
Baby kittens do the cutest shit :3
Floyd Mayweather caries around a duffle bag with a million bucks in it at all times
Jason derulo is only 21 ... :O wow.
THIS SUNDAY BE THERE !!!!! Location: Front of trophy club Time: 7:45pm sunday the 18th Description: Holiday FLASH MOB
thanks for the rt
Hey there sugar face!!
add me on natskey
Thanks for the #ff !
Righton! Come up and say hey. I think its 8pm at the Living Room on Ludlow in NYC!
An Kendrick Perkins ninja kicked d wade
CorpPersonhood: "It's neither male nor female, doesn't breathe or eat, cant be enslaved, cant give birth, can live forever.." Thomm Hartman
Sonny's for Breakfast! YaY!
Hawks tix. 10th row. Yeah buddy.
At the hospital with my sister in law waiting for my nephew to come out
I just feel like I'm about to go insane.
Master your mindset and you will master your life!
haha its okay, thanks!:)
Law school? Meet a UM Carey Law Admissions Officer today, 11/1/11 from 10am-2pm at UC Riverside's Rivera Library Walkway
Thanks! See you there. RT : The lineup of speakers for #WebAfternoon is nothing short of freakin' impressive. Kudos !
We love you guys. We already want you to come back for the fall planting season!
Don't have Amy's number, sorry. :(
I don't know if all five will see consistent action; I am guessing Redman and Rainey will get most of the work.
I WANT WINS!
LOL WONDERING AROUND IN THE DARK DEPTHS OF MY ROOM.
Not sure what to do this afternoon. Maybe I should start Black Ops.
#WhenIGoToBedIThinkAbout my crush, and what it would be like If we were Together, and thinking about if he likes me or not
nailed it. Quote of the night from YOBI Live probably has to be "left me hanging like a booger"
So fucking sick of school...
Tweetahs! Start your day with flavor & dance to your own funky theme song like its your birthday! Shake it like you just don't care! Woohoo!
Officially have a job! i thought it'd never happen
I'm happy to be home, resting on the best couch in the San Francisco Bay Area, maybe even the whole world.
"We'd make a fortune, Cookie!"
love you, babygirl. I need a day with you and soon!
hahaha, I see Whatcha did there;)
FB RT: Leonard Cohen recites a verse in this ad for Sony 3-D TV.
On my way to the Sag-Aftra Rally
Three cheers for show choir chat:)
Agreed. Perfect champs.
Same to you! Thanks for the mention! :-)
Hey I'm stupid jk it's nelis here checking up on you since I forgot your Facebook password...love you bunches Xoxo
Counting down the days 'til UFC 146? You know we are! Saturday May 26.
I love that movie so much, I'm actually drinking out of the tangled cup.
(See every adaptation of Great Gatsby ever for examples)
lol only jonas
In History......You cares about dead people?! They were here, they are gone! End of story!
hungry...... hmm, what sounds good? lol
good afternoon. Ill be happy offer u some free advice. If I may ask, what's wrong with ur Mac?
CelebritySpouses.net is working on the private invite only community to be launched this summer.
Just tapped White Oak. Come and get it!
Check out the Daily Planner on Facebook to see what you can do today to enjoy life to the fullest.
One forgives to the degree that one loves
My sister just got her license! Yes
think you need more basic because your attitude still kinda sucks lol
Will be impersonating a perpetual motion machine for the next week
All32Grammy accepted songs released by Simon Thunder,Dylan Thunder, Ian Thunder,Oxygen Detonation&Suicide Or Famous r on sale iTunes&Amazon!
It's on tonight.
When he will sit through a full chick flick and not complain and/or fall asleep
Just got three pairs of steve maddens for less than 100 bucks
Great show! Also caught "Our Song". Yoou've captured the attn of my 14yr old. KUDOS!
I gotta take off my twit feed. I can only handle so much douchey musician talk in a day. "Test-drove this sweet new axe" WTF?
Don't you hate it when you forget to bring a pen to your office away from the office?
So... It's bike to work week. Anyone carpool?
super lol... How u been lil mama?
Trying to import a *valid* EAD into AT w/ Win 7 but getting error message? Right-click on AT program appl and select 'run as administrator'
Good morning :)
I'm so obsessed with country Music and everyone in Cincy hates it! :(
If marriage is between a man and a woman, cause god made it that way, then why did god make gay people? Think about it and stfu.
Happy 4th of July weekend to all!!
Morning u too!:) HE>i
Oh how I'll need a Bud after this day. I'm starting to think Budweiser is to life like Gatorade is to a workout
damn you are hipster
No matter how busy or your circumstances, Stay in the hunt!
You're so welcome! Here any time. #sagradhunt is a favorite topic of mine. Gave a presentation on it earlier this year!
Awesome. I feel like crap today.
Teachers - Need a holiday themed award generator? Check out our Be Merry badge generator...
": You can never talk to God too many times in the day. #thoseatrthebestconvos"
I've never watched an episode of the Bachelor or the Bachelorette. :o
What's something good that happened to you this weekend?
I Can't With Lizard!
the people at ur foundation agree... They go above and beyond. Thank you
tornado warning issued for San Mateo, Half Moon Bay. Wow! Already seeing wacko weather here in SF.
#20ThingsAboutMe 16. I know more things about Austin and Justin then I know about myself <3
Happy Birthday
MUAHAHAHAHAHA, yeah maybe JBC debating right now where to watch!
Fantastic! We're kind of jealous. Would love to hear updates on how the tour goes.
also the number of times he's whined about not having a "Nubian slave" to rub his feet is really appalling
They have FIFA12 for iPhone? I'm getting that fo sho.
Hi Caroline - -- hope you're well. Just saying "hi". ;)
OK, #Monday, I don't like you, and you don't like me. But can we space out the pre-lunch crises a little bit? K, thx.
I washed both car today now I'm tired as fuck
The guy in the photo is a dendrochronologist from The Laboratory of Tree Ring Research at the University of Arizona. Who knew?
Very true! But frustrating... been waiting for that bus for ages!
Another beautiful, cold(ish) sunny, morning in Pittsburgh. This WI girl is getting spoiled by this weather.
love is blind.
how u gonna say you want someone to produce n write your entire EP but u say ur broke n u cant barter nuffin...
Take it to lunch tomorrow I really wanna see it!
. It was great to see how many people came out. People are ready for a common sense, responsible Senate #Nov8. Are you?
Just seen a dude wit a #eatersunday #buttonup shirt on
what are your choices to pick from?
Next thing you know, Bonner's going to start wearing a headband.
that was the worst undercard fight ever!
Hello Andy, Your blog post on never writing anything again made me smile. Thanks for that and for the follow. Nina
I guess your imac could have a career in modeling! - lol - Thanks again!
In brief, our production application maintained in SVN with a mainline and project branches. (No branches by ticket per se)
fair enough. :p.
Have a great day <3
Tim's gonna have Dan Rusanowsky on the air this afternoon to talk about today's game against Chicago.
[Campus Bulletin] The governor of Kansas declared a state of emergency yesterday after being ripped apart by a Golden Tornado.
done c:
Come to 5th and SW Salmon! End corporate greed!
#scms12 I'm having a book signing for my book, The Maltese Touch of Evil, in Pairings (hotel bar). Stop by to say hi & have a glass of wine
Is it possible to catch the webinar later today?
Awake:) coffee time!!..
Christina Aguilera is from Pittsburgh but I dont think she tells anyone lol at least Wiz Khalifa is proud of the Burgh!
This is what democracy looks like... boom.
Watching the tonight tonight video on mtv hits by
Can't figure out Cadougan. Makes a great play and then a boneheaded play. Guy's all over the place.
Just another brainless halfwit. Just a warbling Paul Gascoigne. Here today gone tomorrow- it's quotes like this that keep me going
Happy Hanukkah everyone! May God richly bless u with miracle blessings over the next 8 days! It is the Miracle Season! Happy Hanukkah!!
no :(...just a blackberry and an ipod with no internet connection. Thanks for the offer though! You're a good friend.
: Priscilla of Boston is celebrating 65 years in the bridal gown industry! Come in between now & 4/25 for 20% off ANYTHING!
Please start checking the manly looking shemales for nips, and tucks!
is live on Twitter!
All Fla has is 3s. If they go cold, they r toast
We're your DATE NIGHT headquarters!
Crap. It's so disappointing and disheartening.
ah gotta love 4am out of town transfers... Lol... I love my job... :)
Don't forget to set monthly goals, and have a plan to be able to set aside some time to get them done.
Doors in 30 mins.....Get to Palm Door....GO Go gO!!!!
Why do I have to be so shy with my older siblings?! lol <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
Omg My love Only for #Boyfriendvideo Could not be more excited. RT if you're excite!!!!!!
There is always new drama at my damn school
Word...HBT for the summer?
Turn passive customers into active, engaged customers with RTOREWARDS. We do Rent To Own Customer Loyalty. www.clientrocket.com/rto
Chips and Queso
ah yes, that's always a weird feeling. I think even weirder is when they start having babies...
Fantastic day at #Columbia today. #Zanker, #WardPerkins, #LaRocca... Beautiful mix of archeology, romanticism and scholarship.
I feel buffeted by a verbal storm.
Do u need a resume for your interview? For a FREE resume builder and job board follow me to minorityjobs.net Julie
AWESOME! I love goodreads and am glad to have shown the light to another.
The Complete Arch. of Alder & Sullivan should keep you busy over the holidays! Thanks for the kind words on our benefit!
Me and eddy road have a bad relationship cuz of that intersection thing. I always end up on superior.. Except for this time
Watching the Marlins vs Giants!!! I hope we win!!!
haha I don't regret it but my brother still won't open his lol
Great, see you then & bring friends!
So cute!!
Instagram is stupid as hell.
thanks for the
It's a soup kind of day.
if it's money rain, absolutely.
Today MOCA Specials: Soups are Lentil and Tomato. Sugar Free Lemonade is Pineapple Coriander.
At the ice cream bar :)
Are you relevant?
saw them there 6 or 7 years ago-great show.
Modeler's master weapon is FRBR, tho Gotham citizens disagree on what it does. Citizens get trapped in logical rabbit holes.
Finding a good graphic designer to help you with branding is essential. Potential clients can learn a lot about your style from a good logo
Amazing weather today in DC!
herp der ha ha! RT #facepalm Follow for tweets from confused people who are "RIP" ing Wikipedia
lol your stupid. :P
to follow
#FF Friday the 13th Follow to Check out their podcasts too!
I've started saying Y'all? I have no idea how it got in to my vocabulary.
I have a bunch of free passes to Fast Five and Brides Maids, if you want to give some out.
#hipsterscience tells us that academic papers are way too mainstream- consider tweeting your work. Way more authentic that way.
wow, amazing, amazing photos. Worth the trip...
Great news! RT: Black Expo just announced Geoffrey Canada of the Harlem Children’s Zone will be keynote speaker this year.
listen to your son he knows what he is talking about.. Smart young man...
Burning the midnight oil ... Apparently traveling all day means working all night.
When I am healed, I am not healed alone. ACIM
When you go home tell your mom I said hi.
Work from Home really means, eat everything in my pantry.
Paul Lambert is the man LFC should be talking to.
We're down to our last 1/3 roll of toilet paper... in college that would've lasted me another week. In my house with 4 women... chaos.
Thanks.If they want to save $$ an keep using the same, Fivefingers are perf. Dry out fast when racing, washable & we have them.
I'm looking forward to heading to Alan branch's tournament in Desoto Texas and the Great American shootout in Duncanville this weekend
When did it become socially acceptable to wear pajamas to lunch?
After seeing The Avengers, I've determined Black Widow needs her own movie.
I am so jealous. The Mr's library is closed on Sundays during the summer.
I need help setting my vcr timer, i want to tape snow
yuckk why's it so gloomy outside? work 12-close.
m MGD delicious;)
It's too bad you prob have that Gov't run health care, you might have to wait a few days to see a doctor from what I hear.
So pissed at that cliff hanger
Even if you are sitting on a gold mine, you still gotta dig! Joseph McClendon I
ippudo, lower east side
sO much lOve! can't wait for the day we're all reunited! stay strong, my SJL's
Performing at Branded Saloon this Saturday from 9-10 in bk
This weather needs to stop playin! I'm burnin up out here in this damn coat!
I'm never drinking with any of you again.... ever
oh gosh.
Skipped ballet to go to sexy Latin dancing class in the east side #atx - so worth it! Need to work on my shimmy for next week!
Just go ahead and put your man card back in your purse where it belongs. (;
True Born Records q
I'm notorious in that department lol
just got some good news!
HAIR of Desire FOR MORE INFO AND MAKING YOUR ORDER oF HAIR OF DESIRE CALL 0832530851 OR BBM 2743D555. <3<3
Jason is now the director of the EVL, with three associate directors under him.
Your wasting my time so come back when your worth it
Josh Turner. Aghhhh! <3 Marry me?
onthe way with son and toys in tow
A journey of a thousand miles must begin with a single step. ~Lao Tsu
My Heart's a Stereo, meaning douche bags with ponytails brag about its fidelity.
Gawd, remember how long it used to take to download things?
Good Morning!
It's nice that #Rip is looking good, we'll need him as #Rose gets back to health. Awinisawin, come #post-party and watch the #Cubs/Phils!!
o.o
Just pretended to be sleep lmao
Right about Henry Aaron. Listen to next time you are in town.
I cant wait for the #pirates games this summer. Even though they kinda suck.
Movies with the family! Avengers was a pretty good flick!
Dallas > san antonio in most ways but not in mexican foor or basketball!
Had so much at the photo shoot today
Thank you! And I will post pics for sure! :)
hey guys! Hope we can work together and make a fun video to show how delicious Firehouse subs are. Let me know :)
Every Thursday is Mother's Day on the TJMS! Tune in right now to hear today's Thursday Morning Mom!
This Day in History: Diver Greg Louganis won gold in the springboard competition at the 1988 Olympics. What are your child’s Olympic dreams?
#bird wisom ;v budgies are not to be envied. they are prisoners of the humans
Online Video Content Pioneer Revision3 In Acquisition Talks With ...
you never ask my point of view -_-
Looking at the elbow by Artest, im going with a 50/50 split Harden half flopped it, and Artest half thugged it.
I'll be in the blu ray extras! ;)
Thanks for the follow. Happy holidays!
Good! Nothing like true Texas hospitality!
I am not going to have time to study Americas tonight, ugh!!
yes u should :)
someone is watching gameday. RT Hey! IN PLAY RUN (S)
I do not regret staying up for that ending. It was worth it for Braun's indignant bat flip.
Teachin Da Bro How 2 Play Keyboard & He Looked At Me And Said "Piano Fun!." Lol
Poking through 's blog. Am totally jealous. Note to self: create a killer blog.
#iThoughtYouWereCuteUntil I saw you in person
We believe in it too, and that's why we're bringing prayers to mobile phones. Please see www.birdofprayer.org . Good luck w/ exams
Thanks Chris!
Was looking at some old posts on my old Facebook. I miss how things use to be. So much.
Off to St. Liam's! Because, apparently, my muscles hate my nerves.
what's the URL?
Big congrats to txd pals on NAVY PIER! Directed by and featuring ! Kudos!
Shaking her jelly cuz this her jam? Wtf? They'll play anything on the radio smh!
Listenninq to Frank Ocean -Thinking bout you[]<U+266A>
Its Me. Its My Insecurities.
RT : RT : People who easily and frequently blush is a likely sign of them being a great lover.
At LGA headed to Houston for the 8th Annual Texas Salsa Congress!
An ugly 4th quarter for the Cats but we'll take the win.
Phew. At least he knows. #RedSox RT : Beckett on booing: "I pitched like (expletive). Smart fans"
Re #BritishEmbassy attack the #Obama urges #Iran to prosecute offenders yet he pardons every crook in #Washington & #WallStreet. Go figure.
I hate the way she talks to me frfr
Thanks for following! I look forwad to reading your tweets!
I think Colton is getting too big for his britches...
I also want and need someone to talk to.. Preferably my best friend <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Thank you for that RIVETING salt dome report! THE END IS NIGH!
What's interesting with lack of positive investment returns how are pension funds and ins companies keeping up with the future assumptions
Third set has begun! Drummer Jeremy Cunningham swinging hard on My Shining Hour right now!
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my dreams!ily guys<U+26A1>
We love you Lindsey, oh yes we do!!
But you perfect for me RT Nobody's perfect
youre not american if you dont like mexican food
CORR: ., House Dems to hold presser tomorrow at 11:30 a.m. on Republicans’ 1 yr anniv leading House w/o jobs agenda
Building new beds, painting & mulching this am w volunteers at Marion St Garden- the transformations keep coming!
Hubs cooked a mean steak on the grill. mucho better than a restaurant.
Since isn't following me yet! Then that sure ain't winning!!!! #thataintwinning :(( <U+E411><U+E403>
if you are a drag queen, and you have drama....please leave me out of it. Fix your lashes and move on.
I dislike politics to the core.... But most, if not all of the things Obama is promoting just make sense.... Common sense.
My fave New Year tradition: reading 12 onion peels to predict the yr's weather (Romania)
I have not fucking slept. awesome.
both our names...cept he has disappeared off the face of the earth
!!!!“ Who pulling a allnighther wid me”
#Mix at least I have lady gaga to pass the time
you can simply write to our enrollment coordinator to request a receipt. Her email is
you're welcome for the follow :)
im so unmotivated to study for this exam. think my brain already went on break.
I've done that twice already
I swear I attract the most desperate ones, WTF.... LOL
Well I'm beat, about to get something to drink at the Westin.
Still one of the more impressive things I see high school kids do is shoot low 70s-high 60s and manage a golf course like it's nothing.
I am so sad I missed this year. Perfect weather, too! Next year, for sure.
Does anyone have a favorite kabocha squash recipe?
THE MIND CREATURES/LITTLE DRAGON SHOW LAST NIGHT CRUSHED FACE!! THANKS TO A GREAT CROWD!
Having a lot of relatives at Xmas time.....that you don't talk to all during the year.....really does suck!
Happy Easter! We are closed today, but we will re-open tomorrow at 11:30am with all your favorite flavors! See you tomorrow.
Fucc its cold outside
TALENT SHOW IN 1 & A HALF HOURS.
I love you :) it's been 6 great years :) RT : Today marks the 6th year with Thanks for everything honey...
“: Tom Crean always looks like he just ate something really spicy, and is trying to pretend he didn't.” cc:
Just got a reminder for my Holiday Gifts class at the ! SO excited!
Saw your audition and it was SO good! Congrats to you!!
Thanks so much for the compliment! I'm glad you're enjoying #FiftyShades!
This American Life live event starts in 10 min! Daughter & bf going too @ college. Family fun!!
We are celebrating #CincodeMayo with a long run this morning. What are your plans?
Father, today I surrender every area of my heart, mind and life to u Have Your way in me. Do Your will in my life.
"Mississippi St is actually called Jackson St, lemme know who they do" -my female roommate. Dumb and No I will not...
LMAO. THATS EXACTLY WHAT I THOUGHT.
Just as everyone predicted, 34 games into the 2012 season, the Pittsburgh Pirates have a better record than the Boston Red Sox.
Suffering from syndrome: complete inability to motivate myself to write a paper.... the simplest of papers at that
On my way to a Mexican Bar'mitzvah, dressed as Zoro! Undel'A
You're damn right!
im following u now (: follow back ? (: and i like ur name by the way (:
Cleaning and packing up old unused stuff. Sad to let this old stuff go, even if I hadn't seen it in 10 years
government test tuesday, psych test next thursday, then as a senior I'M FREE
wow!! Like your new Avator. Up feeding new stray kitten, checked twitter! There you are! Hope all is good with u and yours!! :)
im panting HOLY CHEEZNIPS
For sure! Looking forward to it!
God speaks, comforts, and affirms when a believing best friend calls. Thankful for this morning.
THAT'S HOW I WANT IT!
Bo Ryan basketball
Someone text me! (:
Today.I notice love everywhere I go. I give extra love to my inner child. I love myself first and everything else falls into place,
I love clingmans. It makes me feel like I'm at home.<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
That's awesome! We need more Christians who will be nice to people. Imagine that.
haha is that relly true cause if it is thats hilarious follow? reply?
This is extreeeemly late, but yes, I changed my handle. Less confusing, ey? Miss you, mucho.
Low point in local news: Fungus Wednesday on Chicago NBC station with pictures of, yes, mushrooms. Why oh Lord is this on my television?
So many things running through my mind can't really sleep smh
Our rentals are updated! Check them out on our profile or our site...www.txcv.com! Come check out America's 3rd coast!
I'm awake oh man. I got butterfly's from been so excited! Such a gorgeous sunny blue sky morning :)
you coach High school soccer right?
there is a chance that both won't be busts man.
ah! gottcha ! so you were referring to yourself ;) Who's the lady ! You can DM me if you don't wanna go public ! I am V discreet
He who controls the news media, rules the world.
Something big is about to happen tomm, catch me at MIA with !!
DON'T be tweeting your texts!! Fuck, shit, fuck!!
hanging out with Jenna and Lindsey.... Just determined ur in trouble if I am not at home opener with u!
85 & sunny in New Orleans! Relaxing in City Park & keeping up with WI election day! Vote and !!
The piano is safely moved to the other room, tuner comes Tuesday...ah.
oops! I can on Monday. No Photoshop at home. I just thought that was fancy cocktail dresslayering.
trust me they are hard..
Pay day!
Nurturing a secret idea. Starting to feel like I have a direction again. It's nice.
Thanks! It's a free-for-all on some parts of Ashland near Cortland.
Ciao, ciao! Hope all is well in DC. Cheer on the Caps for me tomorrow if you can!
OMG... Weck's? Why have I not been eating your food everyday? This stuff is amazing!!!
chicks together will stick it to ya feather
AW RT : thanks!!! You're always beautiful (: and imym!
haha ok sounds good!! Whatever works for you girl :)
YOU'RE SO PERFECT AND I LOVE YOU AND YOUR NEW SONG OMFG ASDFGHJKL. Good job Austin (: <3333
What is everyone doing for #SXSW?
its like you robbed the junk aisle at your local filipino store lolz
hi. How are you today?
Today's sermon: God's Love is: Uninfluenced, Unending, Unlimited, Unchanging, Unmerited. My fav: Unmerited.
#TWSS. And, too late.
That was really funny! And, completely true. I'm pretty sure she went to my house, saw all of that happening, & made a video.
Nothing like a little Rock Lobster to jam to at 230 am to help get ya thru Los Angeles.
Exactly! I was just thinking I'd hate to be recruiting and managing employee engagement/retention
After disconnecting myself from the social media world this past weekend..I am officially now back in the game. Happy Monday, tweeps.
There's no record of Einstein having ever said it, despite the attributions. (See my version of Zappa's First Law!)
Pickled sausage and skoal rich blend? You sir have bad taste
good luck to all the writers on the verge submitters!
Did you get a haircut? In the chasing the sun behind the scenes and on top of the empire state building it looks different.
Rum, rhum, arrack, cachaça.... What's your favorite sugarcane by-product?
I'm making my first video on my own, so want to just submit it privately but that would be "wrong" at least wrong to me
Me to. And I agree the music is way to mellow. I can't wait. Haven't been able to concentrate all day waiting.
They are only my Brewers when they win! I am a fickle fan!! :-)
If u havent heard say something yet, pls do. Bcos u'll be missing out bitches.
Awkward moment when my grandma sings along to 1D..
You, Nebraska, And I.
What do they call trapeze artists who swing from the long fabric like in crique du soleil?
p.s. you can reward yourself w/rocks later.
Night everyone. Congrats to all the #HEAT fans, I'm sure most all of you are #bangwagon's anyway.
It's just one of those weeks :)
Thanks! Glad to have you on board!
either of you willing to speak with a public history student for 20 mins next week abt your work?
what up dude
Morning exams are the worst x.x think I did well though...
what the hell tumblr adds...well this is new
omg right...how funny
Early morning, April 4, shot rings out in the Memphis sky. Free at last, they took your life; they could not take your pride.
Is "Right wing nut job" name calling to be barred from the show? Please discuss
Nicely done.
I think metta world peace just collided w/ diane keaton or a lookalike game
Thanks for following.
Get done w/ holiday shopping BEFORE the turkey, giftcards are one size fits all! T&C's apply.
sorry to miss your tweet this morning. Hope the event raised lots of $ for breast cancer research. It's #ABeautifulDay forYoga
Heading to my 3rd bootcamp of the week with ! Let's do it.
done ran out ppl too trust
I know my big bro is happy the Broncos got Manning. Lets see what happens
Odds makers have money on locust delay next.
Who is ur favorite artist performing on d Show? Freddie Mcgregor-Marcia Griffiths-Yellowman-Leroy Sibbles-Lil John-Charlie Chaplin-Prof Nuts
aw hell to the nawww! smh
Don't miss the EAC Lecture Series TODAY, October 1st, 3:15 p.m., Wilson 301: "Can a Buddhist Be a Skeptic?"
Dev is such an a-hole.
God is working things out for me, even when I don't feel it. I keep my faith strong & always be grateful.
Catering to the less fortunate has plum tuckered me out.
Don't remember exact details, they were on stage together and most of the time got to respond.
as long as I get to be there for my best friend to keep her strong I'm good on whatever (:
I'm stoked to have one of the best QBs of all-time in Denver! But I also believe in & predict he will win an SB (hopefully here!).
woohoo! Those cocktails look amazing.
some of my favorite writing inspiration comes from my boys observations of the world. I love how he sees things. =D
He is taller than you !!!!
read your post about asynch convo on twitter. think i mostly agree (pref). been experimenting with a specified chat here, but...
Phillip Phillips. What a stupid name. Come on
Sometimes it has to be done “: Yeah I am the douchebag blasting DMB behind you in traffic!”
Drinking too much
still using homegrown ERM
My Tweetcaster widget just disappeared.... What's that about -__-
yea. Well this isnt facebook...
Give children a voice. If you do you will give them a world of options
Want us to just add "13th Annual PABUG Conference" in our Conference and Events category?
thinkin bout Friday!! :)
THX to all business today, 5% of all our Wed sales go to Project Transitions! Next Wed, the last in March for them. Gather stuff now!
Happy New Year 2012! May you have a Healthy, Wealthy and Prosperous year!
People in the house... can't watch Smash... hate it!
Taco truck, Burgerville or mikes drive in?
Perm Positions Available - Cisco, VMware, and EMC - Are you looking or interested in hearing more detail? We need to talk! 704.342.7982 o…
The Never Ending Eye...
love the quote RT Does experience help? No! Not if we are doing the wrong things. - W.E. Deming
Tell that to my wet and cold feet! :)
you spelled cold wrong g
i gotta ask...does your hatred of the #Spurs stem cuz Duncan didn't give you an autograph back in the day???
[something witty, definitely w/ some wordplay]
Ah I have to miss 4/20! First time in atleast 6 years... Fuck me!
Fighting Temptations >>>>
Can not express how thankful I am for everyone that helped w/ Gala! The MOST AMAZING VOLUNTEERS EVER! THANK YOU!!!!!!
Tired of your broken down business phone system? Upgrade today for FREE , visit www.discountedt1s.com or call 512 873-0447
1900 Photo of 612 N. Broadway Yonkers, NY. Spectacular Victorian craftsmanship. Even a matching horse stable. www.VictorianSource.com
Something About Javon Daddy
aw :') I'll bring you some next time honey bun.
any chance you'll have Trump on the podcast?
I'm kind of excited for first block.. Too bad got kicked out for good.
My rangers timeline is all proud of their 7 run lead over a 16-19 team. Royals did that with an 8 run cushion. PREPARE FOR A 2 GAME SWEEP
Goals in writing are dreams with deadlines.
good....use extra amount so itll go away quicker..i need to see you tomorrow!
I use to sleep in until like 12. Yep, those days are over.
do u graduate this year!?
Preparing for battle against square brackets in archival description.
So, What is the True Purpose of TIME? "It's so that everything does not have to happen all at once" - Dr. Noah H. Kersey, PhD
no instagram for android yet? :(
Follow the "get money" rules. They work pimp!
Have so much enjoyed and learned from the research over these months for my "Oprah/Faulkner" essay
Jazzed to present 'Managing Your Digital Footprint' @ PLU for another great summer program for 11th & 12th graders!
Congrats to Justin Hoffman in Ottawa! the answer / Snuz-it. Ask for Snug-itz, Stop-itz, & Rig-itz @ your local B&T- a Jethro Exclusive!
I just saw that you apparently love lauren lol! I don't know if you looked at your youtube channel yet lol
doors justed opened for tonights finale w/ ! still time to make it down.. show starts @ 7pm RTRTRT
Fact is, in an hour, Haz is going to be half-naked on my TV. Help me. RT “: Oh god u had more!”
Production Coordinating + Pa'ing makes Ne very sleepy...
who's she? Lol
sigh. time for a lil cardio
. Loved your reference to The Hunger Games in the Mashable article. Very clever!
My dog is freaking out because of the crazy wind we are having. She is velcroed to my side, panting + shaking. Can I give her some benadryl?
Everything pisses me off now.
On our way to Illinois to get sale ring for #livestock center!
I need to wash my hair
I completely understand. I suggest contacting them directly and recapping them on the situation so that they can help you.
Why do I keep putting off packing?
Buy Starhawk made by my friend here in Austin over lots of late nights.
Maybe should have Tommy John surgery like me and come back better than ever with a #BionicCannon for an arm
White chocolate custard cake
Welcome! Love how you keep Jillian in line.
Got a drink on my mind and my mind on my money
its essentially the same thing..it just has a fancy name and we had to beat 1 afl team
Run the Refinancing Numbers, Then Run Them Again ... The dotted line isn't that important until you are completely satisfied
God not only gives us a part to do, but He also gives us the power to do it!
Hey, i'm john, i'm Shannon's brother, I think she sent you a picture of me. I'm the one with the blond hair! :) Haha.
Mn State Patrol retires motorcycle unit, spawns widespread newsroom reminiscences of CHiPs episodes.
Looking forward to my week of being a stay at home mom!! Yeah Spring Break!!
Aw Jordan. :') I remember in 2008 when you were so wittle
great news..but you guys might want to get your spellchecker ready first ;)
I hope u feel better soon... summer & spring colds are the worst ugh hate them
You're way awesome yourself!
I love you x
"Choose a belief that serves you so you can change the way situations effect you"
Dr. Rebecca Dillingham of GHESKIO and her Haitian student friend will give talk to us at the event. Yay for raising awareness!
“: #Thankful to have loving parents, a fantastic brother, great friends, and an awesome girlfriend #blessed” -brother +2sisters
This is interesting: the last 5 amendments proposed by the Governor to the "Caboose" budget were rejected on overwhelming bipartisan votes.
I want to go to Disneyland & the zoo this summer.
#YouGetMajorPointsIf you don't cancel plans last minute.
Rain delay. Sansome and Pine today from 12-2pm.
I look at the world out of a king eye!
You should go to fb and change ur status to fkin dumped cuz that shit just happened right now I'll b by ur dormroom later 2 pick up my shit
#SmackDown not again nnnnnnnnoooo stop him
Give me your love... pls
NFL football has begun!
You can only sync with one GMail account, BUT you can save notes via email from any email address to your account.
Whether we vote yes or no,talk is about making the hole bigger. Eur. is in contraction. Need to be a low cost low finance country.
I always had a suspicion...today it was confirmed
I Love Austin Because ___________________. Finish the sentence (:
lol I'll do my best I'm on call tonight so don't know how much I'll get to watch...but watching now :-)
And yet Logfella offered zero help about what to do next, which kinda rubbed us the wrong way if we're being totally honest.
no LCSH heading for bourbon?!
HOLY SHIT YOU DID NOT JUST RELEASE IT! OMG I'm scared to open it...what if it's some joke haha...
I can't stand that
Will Sockington ever forgive you?
All this debate is about is that schools want control of the dollars that by law must go directly to low income families.
Thanks for following us! Please spread the word! We feed a lot of people and we need to be able to spread our message!
Wow, congrats on that venture! :)
why because the other half of the group isn't named "ketchup"? :p
I will be in Con Law during #askrepschrader town hall. I'd like to know what thinks about #ows, jobs plan, and the new FTAs
I heard it was really good.
That's the truth! It's going well! This weekend is supposed to be beautiful, so I can't complain
Gilmore Girls time! It's like I'm on maternity leave again.
So. glad it's friday. its time to crack open a bottle of wine and RELAX!!!
We must meet obligation for affordable housing under redevelopment. AB1585, allows redev. $ to build affordable housing....
Just about a half an hour to go!
Wisconsin State Senator Pam Galloway (R-Wausau) to resign later today citing family health issues. GOP senate control neutralized to 16-16.
sure. We'll run into you tomorrow. Or, email Marc info.
So lets set this world on fire, we can burn brighter.
Gay does not equal pedophilia. Gay partners are not crime victims. S&M deviant, tho not illegal. Beastiality not biological.
It was okay. But Homeroom. Gawd. A movie can't get any worse
Let's go to the pool pool
Back in the day you'd have to load the operating system from diskette! No hard drives!
The skins needed to look after D.Ware and Romo to win..
What you don't see with your eyes, don't witness with your mouth. ~Jewish Proverb
A bet is a bet! A lost is a lost! PAY ME N KEEP IN MOVING!!!!
Senior prom was the shit.
Dear To Do List- Leave me alone. You are getting done
It was blocked!! State wins!!!
the unwritten ones. Or icing.
Strategizing about how to use social media to develop new business.
“Until the reality of equality between man and woman is fully established and attained…” ‘Abdu'l-Bahá #239DaysLive [1/2]
“: "We are more than our objects and artifacts. We are the sum of our stories." - Keith Magee #aam2012"”
kinda embarrassed but I actually want to watch American reunion...
I AM GREEN WITH ENVY.
RT: Sony tries to tweet 3 times a day and Facebook is most active on Sundays. #sdsms #
I am coming to #portland this weekend 23rd anniversary...what is a "must see" when visiting?
Celebrating Tortilla Chip Day with Ms. ! TGIF!
Happy New Year's Day!
Can the #panthers win their first #NHL playoff series since 1996? Come watch game 6 vs. #Devils @ 4:30 today!
Walked through the cold thick grass to fill the bird feeders. Wonderful cool windy evening.
I didn't start it cuz I couldn't find a quote...
Lanham just plugged _Haydn and the Performance of Rhetoric_, an amazing collection of chapters on musical rhetoric (comes with DVD!)
How am I gonna get the motivation to write this last paper? So over this semester.
GEORGIA! #SouthernGround artist Levi Lowrey w/ special guest, Travis Meadows THIS Thursday at Red Clay Theatre. Get ur tix now!
Thank you and for their quick help today with our question - looking forward to updating our listings!
Ah im so lonely ya kno why and i hate yo phone
La Belle Perfumes now available in SPANISH with integrated google translate!
I guess there's a difference between giving endless monies to support candidates versus engaging one's customers/users too. So...
Bullock: is this the best that we can do? If not, we need to make a change.
You real talk a hoe. Go away.
The Constellations show at Mad Planet last night? Amazing!
Minivan moms are hot.
You're a good American Joey! Thank you for your contributions.
I, The Breather... HOW U MAKE SUCH GOOD ALBUM?!
I'm about say something I thought I'll never say. I'm done with McDonald's.
Thanks for following
so if that's true (sounds nuts, btw) then they succeeded in dividing people by class. Because most of my friends are p.o.'d
Remember when playing Solitaire on your computer at work was Taboo? Boy, have we come a long way.
Congrads sweetheart, thank you for letting me be apart of this project! Great work! Have it your way!
#OAR Tonight!
Ima be up all night -_-
ooph, I can’t take it any more. Sox game is getting turned off. (but can guys will DM me if a miracle come back starts to happen, right?)
Wow, said he loves me but he goes around asking girls for sex publicly.
annoying ppl piss me off
anyways....regardless....we need turnovers....and points lol....and defense....
Love this
Hooray for Friday! Fishbone's here Sunday night and I have Monday off. Hooray!
last day of smi #eyetracking at the exhibition at #issberlin feel free to visit us
NBC 5 Reporter Charlie Wojciechowski will give us wrap up of Balfour trial week 1 on 890AM WLS! He's been in court each day
Miami great last minute cruise deals aboard Norwegian Sky 3 day Bahamas and Free onboard credit details contact me 877-416-9722 ext 4413
I agree with you Diddy killed it!
Street ball this summer. <U+E106> Hopefully I can find a team, fucking people round here don't know an amazing sport when they see it. <U+E023>
As of now, you’re on double secret probation!
All the money in the world can't buy you a home.
I've never done MDMA, but I imagine that the mood I've been in all day is what it's like. I'm on cloud 9!
Will you ever come to Antarctica? <3 ;)
I Miss My Babies Jayla & Jacinda.. :(
#givebackdetroit MT : Have you donated to during our spring fundraiser yet? Join me and become a new member!
I swear to god, if another stupid thing about slutena trends, im done.
please DM for details
Learn to appreciate what you have, before time forces you to appreciate what you had.
One game whupdi do
could you please, please, please make my day and follow me or RT me? I've had probably the worst day in the world.. :(
The fact that I say stupid shit <<<<<
i'm sure we can-in the meantime, start writing ur scripts!
Lol but not really.
RT : I can see mysterious paths through the forest from my window. Can't do that on a plane.
ms gene how are you doing?You one of my fav artist.
just waking up right now. Fun plans today, hopefully, running errands. :p
Pretty Boy Swag just came on Pandora haha! havent heard that forever
I'm all in. Shoot me some details.
Yay! I'm at the venue in #Irvington on the east side of #Indy, waiting to hear Ben Asaykwee & others sing the blues.
Im not gob stress if we're not friends
Kobe didnt get the ball RT : So now that Kobe doesnt take the last shot lets see if hes criticized like the MVP. Just curious
you're jamming!
got a free comic book -- not Free Comic Book Day giveaways, but an actual (used) one -- when he bought something today at Half Price Books.
Kewl... New Year's Eve show on #ZDF with Mayte Mateos's #Baccara, David #Hasselhof, Marianne #Rosenberg. Firework from surrounding mountains
Tweet tweet tweet!!!!! Rocked the fashion show fitting & rehearsal! 60's!! When u move me, everything is Groovy!! :D
you have to catch them early!
I love convo!
Crowd rocking out to 'Make a baby'.
This is so tiresome, I'm almost bored with drinking.
heading up there tonight if weather looks favorable?
DixieMaree12 nope Bailey is the best! She's a beast!(:
Sending in my resume and headshots to an extras agency soon. Yayyyy! :]
Wow what a cute name. :)
you get a new ride??
Two words: urethra franklin
um excuse me where has my Amy been?
lmfao you but >.< hahaha who did you go with?
its too gross outside to look pretty today
“If you're gonna be two-faced at least make one of them pretty.” ~Marilyn Monroe
knew you guys would've killed it tonight. <3
Yep but visiting family in Virginia 2nite. Wish I was closer to Wheeling. Sure would Love to catch up next time u r in Nashvegas
Ok, Pelosi's minute was over 10 minutes ago! Vote, Congresspeople Talkypantses!
blahh dnt ssay that.. but then again im still a lil confused with twitter lmao!
absolutely my pleasure, appreciate you. Which wine did you select?
oh wow, is it pretty there.
What an exciting month! Wonder what #anc celebrations are planned for March? Stay tuned...
- There seems to be a hair explosion in Krasnodar!
LOL. Had to listen to a guy at a conf last year about how FB and Twitter were useless & Google Buzz was the next big thing.
Just got home from volleyball practice...had so much fun...watch Aliamanu...WAIALUA IS COMING FOR YOU...
The Black Keys concert was awesome. Great night.
Hey there. How are ya?
Everyone better be our afterparty ! Tweet back at us if you wanna hear a specific cover, what shall we play?
Tomorrow is Van Williamson's last day as director of - looking forward to his music choices - we will miss him! cc
no, I also do not care about Harry Potter
Alright fine, anyways I'm gonna get some sleep. Talk tomorrow/later or whenever. Goodnight <3<3<3<3<3
oh dear... What am I up against tonight?!
tweet back asshole
Watching "Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer" with Reagan.
You called? Why?
I think you deserve a drink, any plans of visiting austin, tx?
Shows are done, everyone's safe. Time to ride with tomorrow and head to ATL for a show on saturday.
I went to last nights game & have 6 tix to games this month. U should allow kids to move to lower levels if seats are empty.
So we take that as a complement, right?
hey guess wat
Dear stomach, I don't have time for this hurting nonsense today. Quit it. -- me
lol u are older and u gotta ride bitch like a little kid lmao
it's so annoying .
My pleasure - you reminded us of some smart, core basics to keep us going. Thanks!
Efforts are being made by a certain Latin hottie. We'll see.
30 min till #RAW :-)
what are you reading??
I love how everything on my news feed is about worlds!(:
It's sad when ignorance becomes law. Shame on you North Carolina.
lol u stupid
ha! That's a good question Tina! Let me know of u find the answer
#stillgrindin whats good with ya project?
Oops, I mean "mutlimedia shitstorm," of which I am guilty of as well.
chicago manual of style. let me count the ways.
Yeah, me! RT What's the over/under in this Clippers game? Someone must be annoyed.
Damn these ladies are fine out here haha
Red Fire Farm Organic Eggs Suspiro Limeno con La Nutella a perfect Peruvian Italian bit of indulgence!
Hello to our sleep-deprived ! We miss you! Just wanted to drop in and say hello, and that we hope all is wonderful for your fam!
Follow follow follow follow
love u Queen!
GOOD #FB FRIDAY ALL
Are Supreme Court Justices coming tonite or are they too ashamed of Citizens United ruling to show up?
There were some good movies in the 80s though, cross generational good.
Refs letting them play early
East Coast Residents: As a media professional, I assure you it's OK to stand outside in a hurricane as long as you're holding a microphone
Home from my Job making changes so I don't have go back to a job
Getting another hair cut. My hair grows fast.
Lol But if u do find it its on tommorow again
call from the regular number two minutes later -.- seriously?
Wish I was going to Miranda tonight.. Oh well
that awkward moment when when some-one tells a joke and it's not funny so everyone's just looking at each other awkwardly...
I'm the person who gave a damn about you when no one else did. Remember you said you would always be there for me? Well, you sucked at that.
Stop in for Happy Hour tonight after work---going on now!!
I love you :)
... or you could root your phone. :P
Your heart should always be in any and everything you do.
SKEM SLAG LIFE
Same! I need to get this one! Teehee! Yummy Alex! N'aww :( Its probs cause he cant have any jalex action in the pic ;D :L
Watching && on TinyChat:D
IF I WASNT ME EVERYDAY THAT WILL GIVE YOU FAGGS A REASON TO TALK SO SAINT KEEPS IT PIMPIN AND REAL...
Need to refresh my #running #playlist. Suggestions?
As life goes on, i'm starting to learn more and more about responsibility, and i realize everything i do is effecting people arround me.
Same to you - hope it's a great one for you!
On a real note, miss you ladies! Pool Party maybe soon?
All I can do is be me.
Twitter is quiet tonight. #whereiseverybody?
i need dope.
bahaha that is so funny i like Josh better
wow cool can't wait
Come wish a happy first birthday! Sign up and win something amazing.
just woke up <U+E409>
such a great friend :)
working fine now guys, thanks.
Hahaha I keep getting tried today.
I'm sure they will appreciate the gesture! It's always nice to be appreciated for a job well done.! :)
Back to December/ Apologize/ Your not sorry = best t swift remix ever! :D
You are here to enable the divine purpose of the universe to unfold. That is how important you are!~Eckart tolle
SSI benefits may not be impacted by settlement of a personal injury claim.. Learn more call 855-385-2529
But don't Wall St and the big evil corps generate the profits that they need to fund their pensions?
Help get San Diegan Mary Murphy back on So You Think You Can Dance! Twitter Nigel Lythgoe at Dizzyfeet.
Spaces Gallery. Tonight talk on contracts for artist. Starts at 6:30 Free for Spaces members $5 for others. See you there....
Awakened this AM by the house next door as it went up in flames. it was vacant, thankfully.
Throw your boys in your ff.
Thanks to her, I developed a gambling addiction.
Will certainly miss you! Looking forward for a great event
I wish I had a death wish.
I need to wash this makeup off
Chen Julie Chen cannot be fired from #the talk. Her husband is the boss of
Why would that bizarro ad make someone want to buy a Cartier product?
alrightt imma upload it later but its not US dancing its a dance one of our members choreographed and created. Its nice :P
One of my favorite things about film maker/writer/artist Jean Cocteau is his signature. I love the star at the bottom.
Who is your favorite singer/band?
Use citations to enhance your business through the Google Places interface.
I want to show you a video I took while we were driving but I can't tweet or text it! What's your email??
"Discussion is just a tool. You have to aim; the final goal must be a decision." --Harri Holkeri, Finnish prime minister
You're welcome! Thanks for the awesome fun facts!
Like us on Facebook or we'll have sex with your family. #TwoChristmas'
Good night my little dolls, be good for Santa, love you dolls
#WeAllNeed Jesus Christ <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F><U+2764>
You do a lot of charity work I think. Ray Kurzweil wrote a book called The Singularity is Near, he claims wealth for all.
Rebel America Inc. lands Instrumental song placement for the 2011 Samsung's 'Hope for Children' Gala Event.
Pi Pizza Nantucket - as good as any pizzeria in Naples or New York. Right out of Brooklyn. The best.
Have 2 boyfriends is bitches, but only have 4 Rusher lol <U+2665>
I <3 sundays...
Be kind to your fellow codes, peoples: always write clear, consistent database objects that properly escape characters!!
Well, I feel for them with a different part of my body.
Nick, did you get my message. My bad for harassing you, lol.
The SO has actually expressed interest in seeing The Hunger Games movie -- to "see what all the fuss is about."
good stuff!
no but I wish
: Almost did a spit take last night. You Sir are no Mr. Kubrick. Were you supposed to be Courtney Cox with that wig? Heavy Squats
Neither are we :/
apparently I wasn't victim enough Lmfao men! But I bet I get someone to watch that shit first
After 4 o'clock I am a minority in the IUPUI library. Asian Invasion!!!!!
Well, maybe Tina Fey, lady hero, shall make us an even better show in the future.
My twitter acct has been hacked and is spitting out ad links... make.it.stop.
Guitar or Keys? Always a tough choice for me. I mostly play guitar but I go through phases where I'm all about keys/piano.
Nice blazer
loved seeing you on RuPaul's Drag Race tonight. It was so much fun. You looked great. loved the dress.
what's good homie
I had heard this was a good draft for linemen...but I guess the "expert" who wrote that meant DB or QB.
yeah!!! Exact sake one
You generally go with a more 'unkept' look when we hang...I tend to inspire that in people. for better or worse
Routt seemed to melt down and have way too many penalties during the second half of the season
I hope tonight goes really quick
"I'm not missing the Chili Peppers if Jesus Christ was playing opposite." sucks to be AVICII
Do u want to be in my fan vid for austin&alex?
just saw my first person with a face mask on. Curse you Swine Flu!
Hats off to for their free offer for hosting for those giving back.
Dear Chicago: You couldn't be more gorgeous if you tried today.
Okay okay. I'm not saying he's a looker....IT'S THE VOICE!!!! I mean, come on! Who can go that low...(Innuendo Intended)
Nook or Kindle?
Selena The Perfect Role Model
In Video Editing Class we talked transitions and the dreaded wipes. What are wipes you actually use?
Fuck that went awful... Fuck parents
Landscaping today...this is the exact opposite of how I wanted to spend my tuesday...
#ArtFact - People sometimes use the term china to mean crockery, but china is a special type of #ceramic called porcelain.
RIP Steve Jobs. :'(
Heading to the Miltown Beatdown tonight at Jackalope Lounj? Hit me up for access to the PBR VIP balcony.
It is a great day people....Do not let doubt stop you from living your dreams...Doubt you doubt and you won't doubt anymore!
I know what i'm getting & for their gifts for Warped... :)
I love being home after getting off of work<3 And what is up with cats and them sitting on shelves?
what is it!? it wants to steal all my secrets
Thanks #idol for making me a nervous wreck! My better be safe tonight!
I am perplexed when people complain about the complexity of our accountability, yet want as many factors as possible to be included in it...
Happy Holidays Everyone!
Managers now have more control over the notifications they receive from it out in your account settings :).
hahah yeah it's my gym class
Can't Thank you enough!
Not so fast, Roseanne. Leave room for misogyny and fart jokes. He's a total package! (Wait ... was that a dick joke?)
yeah, I agree.
Koch brothers & anyone who takes money from them, or supports them are MURDERING PEOPLE. MONEY SHOULD NOT BUY OUR GOVERNMENT. SHAME ON THEM!
I understand every word, sweet girl. Let me know if u want to chat. U have something ppl can't teach.. Always remember that
sweet! thanks!
RT : As a young man, Lincoln played an early version of baseball called "Town Ball." He is known to have watched baseball in D.C.
Feeling is mutual!
“: Needed: one full bucket of luck for this IMC exam I'm writing in 1.5 hrs... I'm terrible with tests...” good luck!!!
Love the Dirk Hans and Frans commercial.
Colloquium with #HelenHiebert, In pursuit of wonder
I love Boston terriers!
Once you get a PhD you realize that any asshole can get a PhD.
We want to be the Lady Gaga in the IT Twitter workd!
What tour would you want to be a member of the road crew?
It's good for sourcing info from a large audience when you need it!
Listening to the birds and waiting, like them, for the sun to rise.
Are you at #iwny!? I'm at the Bloomberg presser.
turning my AC on
u lil bitch! Where's mine at cuh?
Plenty of players from last weekend's Availables Showcase ATL picking up offers. We love helping players & coaches connect!
Nope, but I'll be starting one shortly! I'll let you know when it's up. Thanks for the interest.
Im gonna reply on here from the facebook question.... she told the douche she loved him.. to me thats cheating on the other guy
really??? Damn rebels! LOL! So, Toronto is province, what are some major cities there?
JoeMobile in Birmingham MI 2day.Corner N Bates & Willis
i can't even tell you how happy this makes me. did liz lemon do a "top that" rap?
I just thought the Season finale was a little disappointing if indeed it had been a series finale.
Bottoms up, suckuhhs! Vodka & Kool-Aid! That's how we do it in WeHo!
If happy ever after did exist, i would still be holding you like this.
Today only buy one session get one free!!
Guess who I ran into at the WI #statefair Phil the brains behind #philcast Great guy, stopped and chatted, posed for a pic too!
Rasta O.A.R. Hoody
Love ur bio.. I promise I won't take you seriously lol ;) Thanks for following, love
I miss school too. Blockheads... UHall... Blockheads...
Many enlightened voters in NC of course ;) Who were main influencers of the vote?
Um...WTF, fireworks?!
haven't heard of it but it looks great~ do u just upload ur music or have to submit it somehow?
got my shades on cant see these haters. Haha ok you win
Ima hang up in your face
GDC 2012 best lines: a) Said the actor to the Bishop. b) They sell horse sperm for a million dollars. c) F that S in the A.
I. CAN. BREATHE.
Thats love, when your hubby dedicates his perfect game to you!
Anyone remember Chip's Corner, the tavern torn down in 1967 for the 24th Street Mission BART station?
oh so jealous. Go soak 'em for Crutchie!
#Punnyjokes Be nice to your dentist. He has fillings too.
We're missing Hello Taiwan Rocks! this year. Glad to see that it's happening again this year! Sat. Nov 19 bit.ly/twxq8f
Anyone have an extra VIP ticket to the Repeal Day Ball in DC?
Some people use way, way to many hash tags.
omg, HAPPY BIRTHDAY! (:
thanks for coming out to cover answering "What is Citizenship For?" w // YES TY!!
Because of leap day, my 1990 Jan and Wayne "Calendar-Style Day Chart" is now back on track!
What were they saying? Something about how he was losing mahomies? Haha
Sorry, that was a wild tweet. I've been thinking about therapeutic lasers and accidentally tweeted.
Making banks who hold city money be transparent about how they're meeting the needs of low income neighborhoods - so horrible, Bloomberg.
The awkward moment when your phone types JFK instead of idk
Off for a hike in Death Valley today.
Don't know which is worse: Kathy Taylor may run for Mayor again or she wants TU's president opening.
Ahh just been working n hoopin everyday.moving to Fla n bout 5 days
They are both fine.
what drink did u drink???
let's petition for a hologram Dick Clark to keep the tradition going.
I normally wouldn't say (or admit) this but #madonna kinda nailed it. And she was kinda hot, too.
Excellent! Looking forward to having you here.
this can be true
i had a problem one period with the auto assigning of colors. some teams were given same color. fixed that next pd.
You might think I dropped cause u ain't see me on Mtv or BET Mane....
#DidYouKnow Ceiling fans should turn counter clockwise in the summer and clockwise in the winter to ensure the perfect temperature?
Thank you martial-arts training, saved me from cracking my head on a rock.
what the heck kind of tv angle was that for a #gamewinningkick ?!?
How #hot do you think your #car gets when it's left in the #sun?
Of. That is a bummer. :-(
i love u guys
gm! went to bed at 6:30 yesterday and woke up at 4 this morning. cannot wait to go on vacay. my body needs more rest. vacay
much appreciated - “: mine is the plain crest by simple and ridiculously aesthetically appealing.”
- I LOVE you guys! Would you please list OKLAHOMA as one of the states hit by tornadoes on your site? We lost ppl too. Thx!
RT : #Goodnight #sweetdreams keep following me
RT“: Where is that school again, never played there #gobuffs" Nobody actually knows.
possibly, havent set aside work and responsibilities for personal entertainment need more selfish
not finishing a sentence because you're laughing too hard about the ending
well said, meesh!
me too. idk whats going on
My first year of grad school is almost over, and I have yet to fully process the fact that I'm in grad school to begin with. Life is weird.
lmao Mandy :) miss you
Sharing Junior Mints & S.P. Kids w/ of & of Colleague camaraderie!
“: #GetOutTheRelationship if his jeans are tighter then yours”// then I should be out!
Driving for the first time in a while... It's like riding a bike, no? Lol
I've got a secret :).... I'm not very good at keeping it... But l don't have much longer to keep it!
I'm in the club. In the DJ booth. Go figure... that's never happened before...
naturally this flies in face of Word's hideous defaults, showing once again that I am uniquely persecuted for my obviously correct opinions
Ha. No its definitely cute, failed Cabin the Woods reference on my part. ;)
we have Rudy, zbo and Marc. One of the best frontlines in the league. Our bench scoring was a problem, not our front 3
Happy Earth Day!!
#onSept11th I just got out of class at UTPanam and watched the news on the tv in the student lounge
I just think its in very poor taste. Joky nitpicks, okay, but sometimes I see some really personal stuff. Boundaries, people.
Thinking of ways to go with the number one album of the year post.
Men kick friendship around like a football, but it doesn't seem to crack. Women treat it like glass and it goes to pieces. - Anne Lindbergh
LIVE AT CLUB INSTYLE TONIGHT !!!!! DJ DANIEL COSTA - N YURY THE FURRY !!!!! BEST COLLEGE NIGHT IN THE CITY !!!! 18+++++++
oh well he was all like aayyeee i remember u from the CTMDT and i was like yyeeaahhh! then we just talked about shampoo xD
You're welcome! Have a wonderful weekend!
I just made some really good miso soup!
thank god the drought is over.....for now lol
: Are The #Dolphins still talking to Jake Scoot (Potential Starting RG)
I don't want to do this choir exchange today, blah.
It kinda scares me!! BUT I'm sure it's amazing!
On a hot date tonight w/ my lady
ya! I am doing the science fair and im making the san francisco bridge made of straws
So sorry to hear of your struggles. Keep your head high & continue to live delibertly. There is joy just around the corner.
i pick stockholm
I'm originally from Monterey, lived in san Luis Obispo fresno (horrible) My parents moved a lot when I was a kid.
I am, in fact aware of this, as you know. Lol.
God Morning!!
Bubba is amazing
What makes you different makes you beautiful.
#BoyzAreBack ! i'm glad you got to live your dream on the stage! xo!
thanks, I think you will do good though
Glad to meet and Ed Dir Maria Pieri. Doing a great job putting out Nat Geo Traveller UK.
Oh cool :)
The Baltimore Equitable Society issued its first fire insurance policy on April 10, 1794, to Humphrey Price.
Come on kings SCORE!
Thanks for the explanation.
We're very grateful for the excellent review of our performance at Any chance you'd correct our band name typo?
Enjoy bowling discounts with the California Express VIP Card, call now to join 619.226.1121
Trivia: How long does it take to build a Rolls Royce?
Snack happy with Greek yogurt, whole grains and fresh fruits and vegetables.
Come take a private pilates class @ EVBS. Single private classes are $45. 10 session package for $400. Certified instructors.
follow our designer
my classes start at 9 tomorrow :) and end at 4 :P i guess i can make an exception considering i can sleep in!!
Every job created in tech sector brings three other jobs in other sectors. -Kaufmann.
US is becoming ungovernable& more like a collection of geopolitical tribes. No concensus-compromise there is no democracy/nation
Im making videos too!!
Just saw the new Pabst graffiti! It's on a Milwaukee bus.
Good. In DR visiting grandfather.
Art Asylum Boston Art Show Opening at 35 Sutton St Suite 2 on Feb 26 7:00pm
Do you need to refer Clients to low fee counseling? Then call Denver family Institute today! 3037563340
<U+2665><U+2665>At the library and lovin it! Also on games.com playin my new addiction "Bubble Town" room: Dive Bar. Come find me! The same name on here<U+2665><U+2665>
We look good. We like being followed...on twitter.
we love you back. We are waitin... "crickets"
You - and your future - are not problems to be solved. Just Show Up and Be Yourself - and make conscious choices.
I'm not sure Jamison needed to go. If he's not coming back what's the point.
You have a Noid!?
Very excited for this new video and song.
Roll orange, drink grape, now I can't feel my face
I'm ready for a drink.. think ill get dressed and head dt ma solo =)
thank you! :) love your 2!!!
Congrats! That's so cool!
Oh he sees me too... EVERYDAY! LOL!
School stinks!!!:)
Brian Blade brought in pump organ, best I've ever played w/ also used Wurlitzer & 12 4 grand piano that played the heck out of.
Leaving the office and headed to Twist with some friends ~ hooray for EOD Friday!
have a nice day. :-)
Sad to be missing the public humanities panel right now, I've got a sick dog on my hands...hoping to be in soon.
and for my money those are the plays I want to work with.. because there's room for ME in it.
B's have got to stop the rough stuff after the whistle. Can't let them in the game
Orlando Hudson was DFA'd??
S/O to all the grown ass men who gossip about me to their friends... i got nothing but #LOVE for you
yeah, the towel waving was pretty cool last night. I see your point. Especially since most people don't wear the shirt anyway
Well on a scale of 1 to Fergie, my face is only slightly busted.
Weight training staves off dementia in older women
Need 5 investors to give $10k total towards our production company Beautiful City Productions
u wish... keep dreamin
Aye I beat the pussy up
#womensday-Career change from project manager to #RegisteredDietitian-coaching families to optimize healthy habits-New beginnings=happiness
Can we just get married? Let's stop the games. If no, can I visit for skins game?
On to SFMOMA
I missed it tonight!!!! :(
The man who smiles when things go wrong has thought of someone to blame it on.
ohh. Lol. Yes! Who drinks milk during dinner!?!?!? Omg. Free Willy does! >____<
Ok, 5 inches now on the ground. We're officially in for the afternoon.
Whenever you're having a bad day just think, atleast you aren't homeless, starving, and dirt poor. always be thankful for what you have
I'm playin there with Charles Bradley! You should go
Because angels are sometimes busy elsewhere, God created sisters like you.
No secret flavors this week, but stay tuned to our Facebook and Twitter. There could be another secret flavor soon!
Why yes, in fact, I had your magic underwear on just a little while ago!
We're Higher Than A MotherF*cker.
RT : Ex-Bills everywhere in the playoffs. Ralph's running one hell of a farm team in Buffalo.
Why do I feel like my tone in commenting on student projects is directly out of Chopped? "Group X. I'm sorry, you've been chopped. Judges?"
There were 3 winners for our FREE eStatement contest. There lucky winners were Dara K., Juan V. and Dat L.
it seems as though u have all 7 Saw movies.... A marathon is a MUST!
Last chance! RT : Labor Day sweepstakes! Follow us by 11:59pm Mon & you will be entered to win a dozen cupcakes...
More awesomeness: 10 year old hacker presenting shuttle watch!
oh word!
First bike commute into Sony this morning. Relatively uneventful along Bway but miss the bike lanes of the Hudson River Greenway.
I love playing in the rain<3
Don't expect many updates from the game. Data usage is too high here in canada (america's hat). Many stories, pictures and love to follow
Tonight I'll be modeling fungal growth in ruby-processing with L-system, right after I finish understanding L-systems.
Good Morning Mahomies! #NSD Have a great Wednesday! -Maria
This makes me glad that I'm on the Red Line. I've heard stories about the "Orange crush"...
If your going to be Two-Faced, then at least make one pretty. ;)
Ohio State defeats the 'Cuse 77-70. Final Four here we come! #Buckeyes ftw
Just finished 5 shifts in a row (Friday night, Saturday morning/night, and this morning/tonight.) I almost miss being unemployed…Almost.
Siri-eriously ??? not me-not yeti
Picture it: mason jars, twinkle lights, flowers and a setting sun... Join other #GCM supporters at the #GreenAcresGala next Friday night!
appreciate the follow and back atcha'! #dogood Be a #changeagent of the world!
Looking for a delivery driver. Call (305) 529-5555 and ask for Mario
Thank you Adam! Sharp Hill Designs LOVES O Magazine!
I came in #9 on ISB Radio's Top 10 this week w/"Meandering." Hear all 10 artists on ISB Radio Sat&Sun 12pm-2pm EST !
through twitter !
Police sirens going off. Another crash to check on later.
ill rebuy if you add trophies. Fav game of 07 (w/ uncharted)
Do you ever wonder how the BIG guys get so big? They build a team. Add us to your team today, and we'll help you grow! Call 866-364-0030
E!!! I miss you, too!! I hope the wedding is a smash! Have a few drinks for me :)
BOOM!!! I'll sink all ur ships "B4" u know it!!! "I've got that BOOM BOOM WOW!!!" LMFAO!!! ;P
This year we celebrate our proud traditions, values and principles that earned our movement an indelible place in
Sometimes you gotta quit thinking so much. If it feels right, it probably is. So just go with it!
We are fast approaching another #CMLbookchat. Tuesday, October 4th at 7PM EST. Can't wait to tweet chat with everyone!
Ugh!! People are so fucking rude!
And I gotta work christmas eve.
Up & inspired for this upcoming wonderful spring day!! GOD MOONING world!!! :D
#TeamTrill its more than a movement.
hahaha not even surprised! How'd her cleanse go??
MUAH Have a great weekend!
iPad 3 rumor mill: two new iPads planned for January, says report
“: held down Mansion tonight... Dude is the best turntablist in Miami bar none.. #werageharder #rrfam” thanks!
Gotta love our starting lineup, gotta love !
anytime... We'll take all the help we can get for our ninjas and there parents! Keep the #parenting tips coming!!
no! now i remember u, your amazing! <3
"When we have a question, we look in a book." good advice from Super Why. Maybe I should use this for my undergrads? :)
wtf is a flogging party? Lol
Ikr..but nothin much. What've you been up to?
ELI Ice Skating Party tomorrow night! 7:30pm to 9:30pm at the Fred Rust arena on UD campus. Bring your Student ID card and $3!
Now that's Bromance right there.(; <3 Aww. ^__^
I'm often conflicted by Franzen—in the midst of a cacophony of words he occasionally produces an unexpected consonance—it's a sort of grace.
Need to see ,nevershoutnever! If anyone has tickets ill buy theem!
Close race between Seattle and the Chiefs in the Kuechly poll, 26 to 22%, Bills & Eagles with 17%
out in S dale now you?
Strangers treat me better than my own "friends" I should prob go ahead and evaluate who's in my life
time to bust out the media queries
Video coming in 1! ...hour. ;) stay tuned
Courage is being scared to death... and saddling up anyway. - John Wayne
Dear ProTools, why can't you find any of the files in this session? They're right there in the folder. I can see 'em from where I'm sitting.
#haloreach this is what we are looking forward to in may. how about you?
still need to pick me up a bottle of that. I got some from last year that I'm aging till next year.
does that not exist? Call apple, we have an idea to sell them.
That face is funny as hell!
gooodmorning, sunshines! (: how are you all today? lets talk! <3
i LOVE your twitter name!! :D follow back?
Even while surrounded by organzat'l software & wireless internet radiation piercing my brain, best way to work out thoughts is pen to paper.
Hey girl!!! Nice to see you again!!! I'm sure I'll be seeing you around...hopefully on big national sets, right??
I just raised one in the time it took to read your tweet!
Don't wear skinny jeans if you don't have skinny genes..
arent you going to ???
If you hate your job, DO something about it. You DO have choices
Shot me put of the sky you're my kryptonite...
Oh, yeah. It was super busy this weekend. Give the kids a big hug for us!
Good Morning My Twitter Boogers!!
Love you Alexis, <3
What up Mike! What's good bro?!
Had my eggs, got my #coffee. Let Roll! MT kickstart your Monday?
We already have big gambling. Let's get tax revenue for it and build a stadium! The Indians only contribute to
is there an RSS feed for your site?
RT : Atlanta showed up in record numbers! Over 3000. is the BEST host!
fine ;D
skype wont even work for me!! i try and try and try to create one but it jus wont work! Grrrrr
Love can bring you down:(
thanks so much for inviting my brother on stage tonight. He was Max's Santa. By the way the show was amazing. Much love :-)
Democratic state Sen. Tim Cullen drops out of Wis. governor's race, says he can't raise needed money.
thank you, nice work.
Our Furniture Clearance #sale started this morning! Includes floor sample items at up to 40% off! Stop in and see what we have.
S/O to bestfriend for achieving so much this year, you deserve it all man
shes the one : ) im glad things worked out this way cuz i wouldnt want it any other way : )
Welcome to Twitter
Oh, hello sun. Glad you make it...
DC: and now our daily message of hope: Lord, keep us and protect us from the haters. As you know they are everywhere!
Thank you!
my musical taste is so crazy!! #musicADDftw :)
VOlunteer Orientation, Literacy Tutor Training and Literacy Session 5! Call 275-4040 or email to register & learn more!
Having posture problems? Put a book on your head
True. I don't want to get in the way of the bromance.
Thx to I have a 9yr-ol and a 6yr-old programming in Ruby. I am so proud!!!
Mama was my greatest teacher, a teacher of compassion, love and fearlessness.
Last chance to get pierced by Jill! We're open till 9pm! :)
I'm not home, but'll follow you when I get home :P
End the week with a 2-minute #whyigive moment. Close your eyes & picture a generous act--sights, sounds & how you felt.
Big HS games going down tonight EVERYWHERE
I think it was from a conference in the early 2000s (although I do still have a round SHRM mouse pad that was an HRTalk prize)
Gotta Keep Up! I must, I must... Oh my.. so much to be done, so many people to meet and connect.. What a journey.. what a jouuurrrnneeyy!
Oh, and can take Leap of Faith's Best Musical nom spot any time, anywhere.
Aw thx! ": Support and follow my girl First all black female band (that I know of anyway). I'm so proud of her."
ugh I just got a puppy so I feel that dude
drive the bus. "Oh you two would never be on my bus!" #wisewordsofmg!!!
Last person I voted for on a "reality" show was We HAVE to vote 4 on #DWTS!!! 800-868-3403! 12 votes per line!
you know it is just stupid why they couldnt put the game over on TbS... Who is gonna miss a 1993 episode of Seinfeld
so much for Humber
Thanks for the follow, Amanda! :)
50 Shades of Grey :)
After weeks of wrestling with material for collaborative piece, one face-to-face meeting totally cracked it.
made some fantastic cookies this weekend from my cookie cookbook - the chocolate peppermint snaps. Delightful!
Thanks for the follow! I look forward to seeing you at the next race. :)
She need some time alone I told her call my phone And when she call my phone I didn't answer it! -k.o
Just think about it is all I'm asking.
New Trailer for We Win or We Die coming tomorrow.
If you're a bird, then I'm a bird.
To tired.
RT : happy birthday !
About to clean up ,,
Nah its both
Is it OK if you're a parent of an infant to go out and get plastered?
Happy Cinco De Mayo Tweeple! Celebrate responsibly or you might wake up next to the Chupacabra!
Don't feel good sleep
Agree. I have no clue what is behind Filner's strategy. He has a strong personality. He is coming across as a "wet noodle."
On the plus, that also means the city will be turning on the water. We are lucky in US, we don't haul our daily water.
ah yes, Bingy :D can't wait to go back to Vegas and see family and friends. Wee come visit me Bingster!
Great advice! RT : Not 'IF' but 'WHEN' trouble comes, don't let it change you, adjust to the challenge!
Type 'askew' in Google and see what happens...
Ppl"s statuses on FB r so lame I just wanna punch them all in the face :)
I just searched Zall for people and talk about my last name...apparently there are 2 laws invented by a man named Zall...
Can we talk about the fact that 30 year old Natalie Dormer is playing 16 year old Margaery Tyrell? I am not buying it!
Work is done
man i havent be on skype in a while....sad memories:/ </3
There is no excuse for Flash-based navigation being used on NEW sites. 30% of visitors to your site can't use it, so STOP IT.
I'm doing the same thing. Got one graduated & another in 3rd grade.
At least once a month I'll have unnecessary anxiety attacks over my socks and shoes. I don't even have that many socks and shoes.
I would think it'd be hard to get critical mass of ppl to help flesh out page, but what were other difficulties?
You are easily amazed! ;-)
Watching I AM LEGEND with my big brother...I love Bob marleyz music.#God is Great!!
been doing my economic homework all day.
#3WordsOfAdvice Never look back
Got some subway <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
I just yelled at my lunch cuz it was boring. Wish I had some magical cooking skills...
A friend in need is a friend indeed. - This English saying can have three different meanings. The first meaning says that a true friend .
It's freezing in The Natti so I'm California Dreaming. We got more bounce in California than all y'all combined, as they say.
RT : nothing is easy is it?
I can tell when is pissed... And shes pissed.
tweeting for seats!
"Why don't you come with me little girl on a magic carpet ride..."
So excited for #IslandDivine w/ tonight!
"The best ideas are those enacted upon after the conference." - #ALAconf Chair Lisa Dasher
Music...will always keep me alive... :)
Working on a marketing plan - and enjoying the mountains with their snow cloaks - a rarity in southern Arizona!
there are 3521614606208 seven character alphanumeric strings with no spaces or punctuation so probably shorter than 7 chars.
Showing at First Friday Tonight! 6-10pm at Joseph Watson Collection inside the Arts Factory!! (my previous gallery space)
Dollar Dogs tonight!!! Don't forget Food Crawl this Friday! Get you tickets now!!
maybe he leases 15 at a time.
those sound pretty special to me!
Back to workout on patio #freshfor'12
“I would rather cuddle then have sex. If you are good with grammar you will get it.” lol good one
It was nice knowing everyone
I'm tired an I want u to come lay with me
That's fantastic! Nice work!
LOVE : A malfunction of the heart which weakens the brain, causes eyes to sparkle, cheeks to glow and lips to pucker.
Shaved cedar, cinnamon sticks or bunches of dried lavender, rosemary, or mint can be pleasant alternatives to synthetic air fresheners.
contact us at to help with a big block walk this Saturday. Thx.
(2/2) talked college bball transfer ridiculousness w ND grad and writer ... Not bad for two day's work ...
nf , follow back? (:
Reading romeo and juliet is weird cause the way they talk
Ayee Who's Trynna Start A Trending Topic Lol ?
Tony is like the only cute one to me. Lol
I haven't eaten since Tuesday... Ginger ale and water. :-/
We are unable to remember this.
I love the pointy end of the plane and all the privileges that come with it. Thanks, ! Nearly home ...
leaving the office. Give me a buzz!
It's always pleasant to be asked for a job recommendation by a former student. One such makes up for many disappointing encounters.~Don
Have a great weekend. Thanks for the new likes and birthday greetings this week.
Knowledge is sexy.
Looking at the forecast next week, YUK! Looks like no Turkey Bowl!
The west is the new south
did I mention that the trumpet choir piece i started writing few weeks ago is a tango?
oh...i aint watchin it! I thought u meant if i'll watch it at the movies or on the internet :D
ALSO, upcoming job opportunities from NESN and Time Warner Cable Sports (In about 10 minutes).
RT : If negative criticism is fact-based, create a mountain of search-optimized content to neutralize the situation
For those of you who were wondering, the answer to today's #QuoteQuiz is Douglas MacArthur
dude sorry for the let down. I need to check twitter more.
Giving away music on mix tapes is like Barbershops charging $5 for a haircut. STUPID!
Always remember that you are unique; just like everyone else.
Now is the time when I snuggle with my cat and we watch Buffy before bed.
lol let her be excited!
Captain Cram "gets it" by using social media to enhance real time communications with his constituents.
Anyone who's not already following me on instagram, do so..follow me its access to that road life lifestyle..ride with me!
RT : Thinking about the #OccupySD participants marching in #Downtown. Thank you for speaking out. We are the 99%!
oh :( sure, followed :)
aww praying for you dear!
#NowPlaying Stevie Wonder Love Light and Flight
And yet...
Finally The Pens showed up. The better team played their game.
I must have listened to the last Deerhunter album a zillion times.
Memories-- My school played Codys in football. I was a cheerleader. I saw Cody playing football. I would of done anything for a hug from him
John Crawford--"teaching for survival" needed; some students need basic life skips, basic literacy
am well.u live in Ontario
Lol that guy!
Simulating first round of NBA playoffs on NBA2K and Knicks are winning so that means its gonna happen in real life right? LOL
Expect problems and eat them for breakfast
That's what I'm talkin' about! Have F-U-N...lots & lots of FUN!!! Arms in air - shake it! *\o/*RT : Same to you -Zumba in 2 hrs :)
New to Boston & love how involved City Government is on #socialmedia! Great recognition of the power of social connection!
Suddenly at 2pm toady the bad mood I've been in for the last month just went away
NEW! Expert Advice: Creating Divine Website Redesigns
yes they are! We'll see yiu there!
Why is every player in the mlb wearing #42 tonight?
Multi-Platinum Singer and Songwriter Nelly Furtado Announces Title and Release Date of Fifth Album
Thanks to the CLE City Club for offering a forum for the Prosecutor's debate.
I have embraced the use of the eggplant emoji as my personal seal, in my communications with my wife. <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0086> And now perhaps also with you. <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0086>
Thanks for your support, Susan!
Stop poping up, take the hint from the last 20 times I've blanked you, I do not want to speak to you.
Haha to the what??? ;) RT : should come to the souther section of northeastern south Florida! :)
FYI my PEOPLE have informed me that the industry is looking HARD at the bay.so have your game tight PEOPLE and let pull together!!just Sayin
Several of panelists at #techwomen session got into tech because they wanted to help people
finally cut that shit
Go Hoover!!!!!!!! TY for supporting to Save Our Soaps. SOS!
I am so unbearably pissed right now >C
to buy or not to buy Facebook shares.....
Then Mimosas??
Its a shame when a woman has a man that wants be involved in his childs life and she wont let him.
it can't happen every year. you guys spoiled us fans with two straight chips. stay healthy and strong, we'll need you next season.
did you know? and are the best ART DIRECTORS EVER and i wuv them so much.
listening to born this way album since I woke up this morning n born this way ball is amazing :)oxoxo
I know you. It doesn't mean ill back you up.
you already know I'm gonna love it <U+2764><U+2764><U+2764>
Happy Halloween!
send him our video!
Happy 4th of July! May we all remember to thank our troops for what they do for us...
Happy B-Day
Liana @ 2 yrs can count & do much more in English & Spanish.. Yes, she's ready for Head Start Program next yr.. Lol
": so tempted to leave work for it!!! I'm 50/50 right now lol."< do it! #marronage :)
can we say brunch????
#Weallgotthatonefriend who talk ish to and about people and look to you for help !
Yes, the admin staff would definitely need the Vader ones.
behind #dodgers dugout
Just saw Forrest Whitaker
Once you know better, you do better.
Ghost Hunters, season 8!!!
Live Dj tonight! Your favorite bartenders serving up your favorite drinks!!
GOD MORNING!:D
is also a HUGE #jadenator 100% #teamjaden ! Give them a shoutie (y) your awesome !
you may get there before we do! Save us seats!
lol & I had a pretty good day
I love Jake Sisk.(:
W/ Social Media, probably see more of a blending of styles across industries. Could be pos/neg.
I need a drink
My goodness you're there really early! Is that so you can avoid "The Pirate"? ;-)
Not as cute as you !
Maria is being both kind and modest. She is a very excellent writer and has written some great books.
Roguescene @ Fuse tonight! DJ Andrew B up till 2am!!
Here's hoping Apple release drivers for the ATI 5xxx series cards soon. Although they prolly know no one can afford a Mac Pro and a 5870.
I hate texting people that can't spell.
Thanks. Always looking for new blog post ideas! Have a great weekend.
There's no way around it, haters are gonna hate. Just be the bigger person and don't buy into it.
Ideas flowing for my next project. Exciting - but it isn't going to help me finish current work! (A sign that I must be close, though....)
The tying run is just 1 rotation away.
Do hope that 1D will be big in the US? We US Directioners hope so too! Wish them luck!!! Hope to see u in the US too!!!
people in tonight's studio audience of idol got Idol tour tickets
Ok, for real, The Biltmore is $69 to visit!! Where's the roller coaster and Mickey ears?!
Think tank rooms buzzing with ideas. Can't wait for report backs after luncheon.
Kobe was praised for last night. 2 reb, 4 ast. That's a bad night for Bron. I hate Lebron, but facts favor the faded hairline
Welcome to AWESOME
RT : Flyers are getting beat to every puck. They're just .... losing. Everything.
Whoa. Strong statement.
Badass MT : #Rays Rhymes said he feels lucky...When medical staff asked usual questions like who he was, he said "Batman"
sure thing let's plan it! I hope to be in your area around the middle of June Hopefully I can see too
Skiles was almost the coach of the year 2 years ago. I refuse to believe HE's gotten worse since. Blame players
I;m reading "Maui Millionaires" by it is a must read for anyone
Goodmorning to u too!(: wat are you doing today!?(:
i failed too lol
Ok y'all. There's still time to drink a little more water and *not* be up all night...
we trust people to drive on work business without checking their speed - it's about people taking responsibility
Gonna be in my room for a few hours-_-
some kind of bank of america window blowout between pine/kearny/calif etc. crazy
Exfoliate much? Through exfoliation of surface skin cells, you not only nourish your body, you bring forth fresh skin that is able to...
Rejection the VI: Nothing remarkable except was the same CC to which I applied upon earning my PhD. 10 yrs later, the record skips.
Can’t wait for quesadillas & sangria on Thursday!
You are just too good to be true..Cant take my eyes off of you!
The outcome of any serious research can only be to make two questions grow where only one grew before.—Thorstein Veblen
First meeting with the DG Gals!
PHEW! Who did I miss? Feel free to mention+we'll RT! We want all hands on deck tonite. Orgs next. Let's make #HHAwards trend in #DC!
word. Well do u still have my number? If so hit me up then
2 shoots this week, 2 edit jobs this month, I may have another 2nd unit directing gig next month, plus more I can't talk about yet. Whew!
Need some things to go my way..
Pop is Dead, TRS Killed it.
happy weekend Samantha
CHRIS DAVIS IS WARMING UP! this game got good again haha!
Heyup! testing testing...
My twitter feed makes me hungry.
I just entered this afternoon & then the site crashed. :(
Severe Thunderstorm warning in Hennepin, Anoka, Carver, Scott and Wright Counties until 7:45. Winds in excess of 60 MPH. Be careful outside.
It's a / type of night.. my fav artists... <3 R&B fanatic!!
awkward moment when you go look at your phone with a toothbrush in your mouth and fangirl over tweeting
Ugggg I hat skool y do u hav 2 be there so early!!!!!!!!!!!
My pet parrot, affectionately known as "Fang", has figured out how to escape from her cage.
Stolen - dashboard confessional. #np <U+2764>
Pick Up games dont count
Someone looking for opportunity to put promotional skills to work? You can apply at TasteTweet.com- Pls RT
House is cleaned thanks to my mother! Now to enjoy my Sunday afternoon!
Recovering. I may not have contracted 's appendicitis afterall.
haha I will probably be gone. I just have to help for the first part then I'm going tanning
Happy Social Media Day to all of my technologically inclined friends! xo
It was sold out! We bought tix for tmrw. I will let u know. Xoxo
This week is about to be mad crazy
shut up
I'm good today
Make sure to play it at your wedding.
I'm following
That looks like fun. Is this an annual event or just a one off event?
Generosity returned with spite?
Walking down the stairs onto the tarmac in Frankfurt in the 0C morning air without a coat, I felt like I invaded.
Hope the weather can stay nice for me so I can board after all this work.
#ThingsYouShouldNotSay 'i hate one direction & austin mahone!' cause trust me , you will be bitch slapped !
Meeting up with some newlyweds from the mean streets of Boston with
get tf off my twitter!
Is back at the hospital with Gram...woo. Dear migraine, go away.
Happy New Year from your family at Cornerstone Used Books! Wishing you many blessings for the coming year!
I miss him-_-
I had something to keep me company lol.
“: When I'm done with school, I'm moving to Portland into a little loft to live alone.”
“: Thanks for following!” thanks for building a great website for us!
I enjoyed it too! Tap into me whenever you want - you have the number...love to hear how you're doing!
thats all they strive for is larger government. Anyone who can't see that is blind. No matter what road we take we are headed
There was an old man named Michael Finnegan, he had whiskers on his chin-egan
if only we could! That guy is such a waste of space. Most. Useless. Senator. Ever. We voted out Feingold for THAT??
I voted for you. Hope you win!
See ya there! Help spread the word!! RT : Apparently, the Frantic will be playing at my school on Saturday.
RT I'm glad I missed the Grammys. Sounds like it would have made me want to get the fuck out of this ridiculous "industry"
Do you guys want some red oak for the center brace, I have a bunch leftover from the messed up sides.
Driving on the freeway this evening, was seized by inexplicable desire to sing, and download, "Puttin' on the Ritz."
RT: I just won 2 FREE TICKETS to the Portland Golf Show !
Gold Digger - like a hooker, only smarter.
I was digging the fish behind first base. But the Exorcist puke green colors gotta go the way of the Orange Bowl!
I WISH she was here with me right now, nothing like her Lips, her Hips, her Hair, Her Hands, or Her Eyes looking into Mine. Shocka Shock
im dating a nurse! :)
Thanks for following us Jordan, we look forward to connecting with you!
yep tony
lmfao... don't let the pictures get out. That'll ruin all my fantasies from when i was in high school.
#Iwillnever trust you again you are a lie and all ways will be
Best boyfriend eveeeeerr award: ~
Awesome RT Very happy to announce that , one of my favorites from the 2010 class, is joining us LA.
Girls who constantly yell at their boyfriends. Bitch, you're lucky men hitting women is frowned upon. -.-
Kieren and -you know that we are looking forward to seeing your Irishness @ TheEuroConnect4 next Wed, May 16th
#1DNewEnglandContest Jen should let me love you-malik
#Relationshiptips- Please never update your staus to things like "I just got a message from HIM <3" or " I think I just met the one!!!"
all canadian teams are pussies, canucks are the worst though
i know it. im so happy right now...
ok so last night was pretty good. tonight, however, is going to be a different story altogether.
Wow. Yeah that review is pretty sad. Didn't see what was SO bad until I got halfway down. Make up remover? Is this person for REAL?!
This fiend got so happy to hear the word "bump"...lmao she was damn near bout to get in the car...lmao ~dre
How about a ready-made blog that can immediately make you money!
Can't wait to see Titanic tonight!!! <f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+00A2>
Its so good! RT : I had no idea there was such a thing as Tofu House--good to know. Love me some tofu.
Btw "Candy" Is a girl not a show all about candy lol
Loans loans loans go away...
I'm a Belieber, love u sweetie <U+2665>
You're quite welcome! ;)
You're very welcome!
I haven't read any of those, but I know they are crazy popular and it's what put her on the map. Are you going to see her?
lol, I just might. :)
Watching Remember Me .... <3
You see there has been nobody watching over the zoo keepers for a very long time.
haha im in the same boat!
There are no winners in life...only survivors.
#ZAYNSHIPSDONTLIE Oh lord, oh lord that video! TOO GOOD, TOO GOOD. is a god.
We're @ 211 North Record Street, Suite 100 Dallas, Texas 75202. Right across the street from the JFK musuem.
Check it out! MT : If you're at #SXSW, watch our CTO speak at 2 pm at Lean Startup panel. Salon C, downtown Hilton.
thank you for the warning. I'm gonna try to find a comedy now :(
IM TRYING TO FIND THEM FOR MY MOM
Aaron Harrang with an Infield RBI single. 1-0 #Dodgers on top over the
post-weekend
I'm absolutely certain the Woman I'm in Love with is the classiest person I've ever known.
I'd rather not give out her name so publicly. Thank you so much for praying for Cherilyn's Mom! Will keep praying 4 yours!!
If you are in Pacific Beach, CA or anywhere in the San Diego area, we offer a free estimate for all your locksmith needs. Get professional l
And if you've read it already, READ IT AGAIN! Haha!
LolRT I wonder if is getting some right now lol
Is fall really here? I don't want to believe it. Makes for a less Sweaty Ride and more deliveries though!
Thanks! I wish you the best
Happy Thanksgiving! The Athenaeum will close at 5:30 this afternoon and will reopen on Saturday, November 26th.
Or chamomile tea! MT : Luke is still working his magic upstairs on the bar. He'll even make you some warm milk before bed.
Has Greg been teaching you spelling/grammar/punctuation? Looks like you're ready for college...... RT: It's gon rain
I'm in the same town as you if you wanna meet up and bullshit about that one goon and KUUU
Mostly basics: Be honest, transparent. Have a goal. Stick to relevant platforms. RT : Share the tips, if you can
Ugh. We only need 1 game to move to round 2...I so wanted it to be this game! You're going down #VanCanucks! Go
Maybe next time it's an article about McDonalds, that's what the shot should be. : our listage photos don't correspond to the links
Lol. Even the nun is yelling at the game!
touche. tho i think the real achievement would be translating it somehow into business terms?
I'm so glad I'm done dealing with drunk people for tonight
O MY GOD dont u hate when someone iz talkin 2 u nd their breath stinks come on time 2 change up on da gum...lol
not you too:/
lol yea I wouldnt pretend to know the first thing so If I was interested I would just ask ? Not be a douche lol
Hey! Are there any healthy breakfast options in el paso? Like a Panera bread or somethin.../
commercials again...
wow.. thats interesting
Too much nutmeg tastes like dirt!! Mouth all gritty and ish
I am ! Time to bring back the drama !
I've been told I'm a good kisser, he may be surpassing my prowess in that department
this is how we start EVERY weekend!
Just enough kill! Way to be! /cc
That isn't funny.
miss u bruh.
There is this 90 year old lady who is drinking alcohol at the derby. Get it granny lol
"An idea that is not dangerous is unworthy of being called an idea at all." --Oscar Wilde (author of Dorian Gray) from
Lucky bihhh lol ;) I would kill to be there with patd and you!! Lol <3
You are amazing just the way you are. Don't change because of pressure. Always do what YOU feel is right.
Pickup Line: I want to melt in your mouth, not in your hand.
Good for you for only gaining 10. Actually... I'd like to see you morbidly obese at least once. Just for fun.
people from Dallas are the worst! Ugh.
#ILookForward To Settle Wit Him!
I fucking hate construction.
RT ": Did a CXWorx class on lunch at " Hope you enjoyed the class! We love it!
Hopefully ill feel better for the dance tomorrow. #sick <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B0>
of ME?
Are you ready for some #football? #GoJets! -Jared
that's how I feel about my sister she's 12 years my junior she just had prom aaahhhh
2011.06.29 #Yankees 5 #Brewers 2 | Second drop to Yanks / Less of a blowout this time / New York State of Loss
Busy between school and work. How about you?
oh great. I suddenly have a craving..... Maybe after studio session tomorrow :-)
They do have an extra schollie now, right (unless Zach S gets it)?
that boy be sleeping in class
Fish varieties will change weekly depending upon what's available but are looking forward to the Clare Island organic Salmon
I feel like shit rite now
I just downloaded TELL THE WOLVES, can't wait to read it
we're glad we were able to help you find a vehicle!
Sorry to hear that! Hope things get better Gigi. I still need to give you the gift I got for you a while back..
CARS is excited to be a part of this summer!
Woahhh! That was a close one *wipes forhead*....FACEMASK!!!??? Stop cheating ramrod idiots!
thanks so much!
Did you eat paint chips as a kid??
I think it went well, still have to talk to the CFO though. #nervous It only took me like 12 minutes to get home though.
Yea we just crashed :o
Happy Sweet 16 ! I love you.
Compare the first edition of Mary Shelley's Frankenstein with modern editions at Bakken Evening Out on 10/14.
Listen here mister....
I'm exuding positivity in an insane amount so sending some your way. :)
Sometimes the hardest thing and the right thing are the same.
I don't want to be apart of this freaking family!
Thanks so much to Doug K. for the feedback: "As a small business owner myself... I can say that K&M are fantastic. I will be calling again."
I can't wait for my hat to come in... Vinnie the Brains!
Barrys show was dope now at home chillin
Go All The Way with Nao.
RT : Remembering Donna Summer, Queen of Disco on tonight. #NN (via )
We'll one-up you and hope that you have a great Wednesday.
Ha! Do it all the time!
and this is not the first day pol have came out to support but they have been here on multiple occasion...
that's Chicago for ya man.
City Center Tenants: sign-up to our email list and be entered into a drawing for Marcus Rest. Gift Card. See Concierge, Deanna for sign-up.
Our official launch is coming soon!
cute! Did u make it?
If this happens I'll cry and I honestly think we are going to go into a depression .
clippers but if they lose this imma dis own they ass...smh
Able to go bed in a clamer state now that I read 's WHERE MY GIRLS AT which is brillant and I agree x100000000
Stress of war prompts soldiers to take Afghan dogs home
Color Me Love Book Sale is extended through the end of 2010. Get your copy today $25 with FREE SHIPPING and AUTOGRAPH by Tsikki Thau!
What?! No way! Two days as legislators & teachers might pass bills that actually put students first & profits last! #scary!
Still laughing...
Why is Dylan so short? lol
#ImminentDanger Zander: what if somebody who when in sound mind, wants to refuse treatment. Not part of proposal on advance directives
I've said it before and I'll say it again: Education as entertainment! That's what they want, that's what they'll get.
Musiq feat. Mary j. - If U Leave..
Create an impressive profile and apply for this opportunity:
is in the Impact Zone!
who's chris bieber? and why is he trending?
Sunny streak has ended.
I love kevinrfree and no one can take that away from me.
you wouldn't know lol... for real
help us get more people involved with the TROS twitter! give us a shout out on your twitter to help with the cause. :D
RT : Buy Sonic Pro Waders and get I/O Fleece Pants Redington Booth #566 today through Sunday.
Uh yeah...I even took Fri. off from work dammit!!
David Wright giving me a reason to watch this team!
Feeling like such a bad drawer every time I see has played another round on draw something with me .
You were "Pretty Woman" 2012 workin' that Ferrari on the street corner...Julia Roberts would be proud! AWW YYEAH!
You know how the old saying goes!
Now you're just making false statements. J-school 101 baby. Hope you're proud of your "credentials"
Hi Jessica...thanks so much for following me...following you too...look forward to your tweets!
To be fair, brought up the return of Ultron in #Avengers #66-68. I mentioned the Bride of Ultron in
A tip: don't make your entire landing page (after I've logged in) an ad and have a 'Continue on to' at the very bottom. Way to go
Nice Running into Jenny, can't wait to set up Brad's personal fashion show so he can show the country your fine wares!
On my way home. :)
When I was 15, I was a bagger at Meijer and the Baja Men had a concert in the produce section. Seminal moment in my life.
My library has a barbershop inside. Will have.
ok, so gotta finish Sons of Anarchy season 4, watch all of Dexter season 6, then embarking on Fringe, from episode 1. Lots of good telly!
And the refs still hate the Giants
Marie, someone hacked into your account and sent me a message.
g2g Follow me
Loved it! Was praying your girl didn't fall on that ice! Not looking forward to the CO snow this year :-)
Don't do anything that will provoke karma to bite you in the ass!
According to a 2012 NACE survey, an all-time-high of 58% of interns are hired full-time after the internship has ended.
lol alright bro you forcing it. That ain't nothin major. Just a picture bro. Nothin more.
You become what you think about. -Earl Nightingale
Me too lol
I usually keep plastic as its safer than $, also wait at DMV is shorter when you don't use cash. Today, Smartrip changed that my ideology.
Just had a science teacher ask me if I'd be interested in collaborating on an Astrophotography project! Heck Yeah! Love it!
Join us as starts a new weekend series "Getting Your Finances in Order 2.0" in person or online. Going to be gr8!
We are never alone!
Acting is not being emotional, but being able to express emotion.
it's amazing. I can't wait to go to a game this week.
Omfg why must my sister be such a smartass, shut up!!
Did i mention that the Talbot Pinot Noir is a mere $18.99 at WDC? I didnt? wow, i must of run out of room to type or something :)
Hi, please DM me your email address. Thanks!
For real tho! And then theres those people who don't even know who he is -.-
Where is that? On the greenway, near the Metropolitan?
A whore who has a different boyfriend every month. oh how does it feel to come in second to her btw? First Ty, now Ignacio.
Is every news organization giggling at the Fox Mole secretly and frantically peering into their own deep, gaping mole holes?
Recycled Paint is like Rock N Roll! Vintage and Electrifying!
Or, more simply put: to live your truth or not. Happy Sunday, Cory!
Its funny how when im loud, people tell me to be quiet, but when im quiet, people ask me whats wrong with me.
Jumping into the splits is very painful.
actually that could be perfect. i will be right around that area.
I was kidding-it's gorgeous:) I'm on the big island!
Would love to see Duck Duck Go's usage stats as people slowly figure out how invasive Google's new Privacy Policy is.
Made top 10 at DECA State competition in Food Marketing
Something always goes wrong with evdry flippin computer i own!
1 week until I gorge myself in #Andalusia. 1st stop #seville. Where do I have to eat?
binaural beats are some pieces of shit not to be fucked with.
we will be talking about that night forever haha
We were at the Council Budget Work Session yesterday. Thank you, Council Members for all the wonderful things you said about libraries!
Just saw a 70 year old woman with beats by dre head phones.
slept right through my plans. when did i get so cool?
haha I think so, too. Star Trek is getting me through grad school in one piece!
Burglarizing. You are burglarizing my house. Please don't kill our dogs. We like them.
Thanks, Lazy Magnolia Brewery for becoming our newest sponsor for Cocktails for the Coast! You guys are awesome!.
oh they can get it <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Thanks for the follow, Liz, and for the stroke re the read-aloud Pied Piper!
Please my love follow me lovee youu
I'd like to start it out from the bottom and build with ya Be on my last dollar and split the bill with ya
did you do it all by yourself?
I've been feeling a little blah lately. A few minutes on twitter has me happy again about books, teaching, and learning. #thanks!
:-) Lol A long romantic hug, a kiss in the cheek & a squeeze on the booty lmfao REMEMBER THIS CUZO?
thanks so much for your excitement and for visiting the booth at #CES2012 !
The links are up at www.watchnhllive.com go and register and get full access to all the hockey games tonight and always, enjoy the games
Anyone else want to take home with them?:)
:") thank love! “: My sister is definitely a #SuperMom”
RT : "Acting is a question of absorbing other people's personalities and adding some of your own experience." - Paul Newman
Pretty good all in all. A little distractingly over-designed on the admin side but the client-view is nice and simple.
I want to punch the #coleg and hope I will not want to punch the #Nuggets here soon.
stay safe, man.
Aw, lovebug :) Best 3-mile bus ride ever.
2 hours til show time! Just also had an awesome meeting with my album composer... moving and shaking!
Thanks for dropping by today! Some1 dropped by today for a one on one meeting en Español with a #homeless community member!
Well said.
from the looks of things, I think the Twitterverse has #Obama pretty well covered. ;)
Actively went and counted since I'm expected to know all the systems for which I have passwords. Sigh.
land of hard sports life! Doubt it!
exactly. Heck I have been watching NBA tv and Twitter enough to know I won't even switch the channel to watch the game lol.
thank you! ;)
Our friends The Milwaukee Film Festival start things off this Thursday! Do yourself a favor and see some great films.
My stomachs upset, yo
Leadership by walking around is not a passing fad, effective leaders have always done it, innovative leaders of the future will do it more.
Hi Paul, Thank you for following, I am looking forward to your tweets!!
#tripleventicaramelmachiato a $5.20 value is mine free as a reward from #starbucks just b/c this is my office.
Wow! Thanks for your amazing insight. It REALLY helps me as a professional!
OMG Is that all? here is very expensive! cost 500 dollars! equivalent to one thousand reais in my country
you tell me!
Free beer in Madison
good luck tomorrow! your boy can do it with trek behind him
God Bless you and your family Jay. Joe's legacy will live forever in all of our hearts. We Are..
Hey there, ! Looking for a small conference room to hold our LA mentor meeting this Sat from 3pm-5pm. Can you help?
If you don't have the Star Wars Film Score as a station on Pandora, you're missing out!
i hate when boys lie !
This account is gay. Your gay. You won't last. Fuck you
so much better than the opposite!
hang tough, it should pass within a few hours. In meantime, batten down the hatches.
Had my first pumpkin spice latte of the season. It made my day!
going offline in norway for a week from today!
thanks bro
if a find a fan attractive. ill let them know -zayn from one direction
Watch #mariners get back on track when they start 3 game series vs. #Tigers!! Tough team! Good luck!!
thanks for the well wishes E! Taking off tomorrow for a bit. Might pit stop in Pitcairn, who knows...... I'll send a postcard!
If drinking destroys your memory…what does drinking do?
I cant wait either. #BoutiqueCinema on the rise! Bring the culture :)
Paris Hilton is prob one of the ugliest girls in hollywood. Wtf is wrong with your eye?? #ratchetbitch Idc how rich you are, you are busted
No problem! Glad to be if service.
club one or 24
Town ? With
how bout An rt for a ravens fan who yes is vol but respect the tide.
You should wish a happy early birthday it would mean a lot!! I love you so so so much my birthday is tmmw!!<U+2764><U+2764>
Glad I'm not the only one that thinks so.": Why is twitter so awkwardly quiet today?"
funny thing big money for distressed clothing
More football recruiting updates! Prospect from the juco ranks & more talent from DFW. Updates to come.
So much fun--full house, too; we brought a few people who hadn't seen you before--keep spreading the love!
m...champagne.
haha he was my Facebook buddy. i removed him. he claims he spent 50 crores on his films so far.
MEH ='s Musically Enhanced #Hipster. Because you know it's true.
#edtechnyc : Teachers can now create labs from nothing.
not sure yet , but thanks for the little handwritten letter (:
Thanks, pretty ladies :)
Always desire to learn something useful. - Sophocles
RT : Beauty of whatever kind, in its supreme development, invariably excites the sensitive soul to tears. -Edgar Allan Poe
fairly factual.
Swag is inspiring and honest
Thanks for reading!
serious! Don't hate
"What do you want me to do?" "Stay. No matter how hard it is to be with me. Just stay. I need you."
It's so nice having mommy and Leah time. I love having her to myself, it's just soo much work tho, ha. But I love her so much. (:
U a year behind me kid. Lol
Touching, beautiful song. "Really going to miss you."
A new girl is the best thing to have
dude screws you out of forty bucks when your in line to spend over a few gs with em. can we say stupid
TSOI-NY got new CD + handy WP canvas tote to carry it and the slew '70s classic rock cds found en route!
Studying for #gre today...taking test on Thursday.
Sittin here on skype and oovoo dancin my ass off like im at a rave lol
why is my dvr not calibrated to the start of programs on NBC? I'm tired of missing the start of 30 Rock.
opened a direct message yesterday...spam w/virus. So, watch out for those dm's "saying about you"
just realized i havent eaten since like 6 pm yesterday.
My brain is going way faster than my body today. A weekend of racing will do that. Son's 2nd mini-cup race. How much fun can a 9 yr ol have!
7:15am, the sun just came up and the WSOPe final table is under way, yet I'm just now going to bed. I feel like a vampire! Goodnight(day)!
Does being "noisy" on the social channels make you an "expert" or just make your audience "turn you off" faster?
We have officially reached 400 followers!!! Thank you to everyone who follows
I'm in this <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081> kinda mood today!! How about you?
OK. Maybe I mean autodidacts...
I'd love to be on. Thanks again
Downloaded a few library books to my tablet now I got some books to read in my free time
Lots of flying time the next two weeks...who has a book suggestion for me?
thanks for following us our beach loving friend
Fuck i want that New Odd Future CD lol
Well well well, I'll call this weekend then...perhaps a quick session next week can save my track.
Looking to rent a GoPro HD for an assignment next weekend?
Today was solid.
oh i was going to call you, but ill just go to sleep then...lol
Is the conservation of energy-producing resources more important than our freedom?
"Szechuan" is Chinese for mouth & ass on fire fatty.
How many in Collective Scholarship workshop (incl. audience) have participated in open peer review? Just curious.
liked your FB. I'm Indep. & listened to your new radio show. I like your style and I will be tuning in again.
Its like 2 and Im like blasting BVB I thought I woke someone up,so I turned off my computer,and it kept played even thought it was closedO_o
Thank you we could not do this without you!!!
I'll ask the men upstairs, but don't hold your breath :)
“: Checking out my buddy on his show #beyondbelief. Tune in to OWN now!”
Super Special shoutout to Liz M and her very generous donation of $100! Your prize pack has extra love!!
u r the best thing ever in the world!
So any word on your trip plans?
Any proof of your expertise aside from one sales letter you are repeatedly pushing?
I promise 2 get pics and "tasteful" videos up this week 4 sure. Thanks 2 all of you for a great time! Plz email me ur links to ur fotos.
buddy holly was on the radio ITS OUR SONG
I just realized you were the girl in big daddy and from CDM. Now I have more reason to love your work.
TO WHERE BBY?? Can you take me with you Lol (I wish)
Nice KO Thompson but what's with the shady after punches??
My cuzzin moving out in july i can't to meet my next roomate
east nashville underground this saturday night, free drinks with admission. will be playing at like 10
Meanies at the airport didn't let me take my contact solution...hmph.
Waking up at 645 nbd
That tweet was for the chola I bumped into!
Nope sore loser law there RT : Any chance Lugar runs as an Independent in the general a la Lieberman?
redesigning www.enrimdesign.com! New, updated look is coming soon.
You are not crazy. You are Canadian. ;)
great(: that's good well say hi if you see me (: how's your baby ? N well text me (:
"Yeah...that's the ticket!" -- Jon Lovitz as a traffic cop or winning the lotto or doing his catchphrase or...
Cooking up a delicious dinner for Joanne for our 1 year anniversary!
Outdoor basketball < indoor basketball
indeed south river was xtra dirty
bitch wht college u go too lol
": these late night script readings... Ma'am... O_O This show is gonna be GREAT!!!"
RT : BREAKING: Rick Santorum wins Republican presidential primary in Oklahoma. -RAS
"Food, drinks and usage of mobile phones are not allowed in preview rooms" okaaayyy whatever you say.
I really appreciate that man!
Seriously amazing and so easy to make. Not bitter like I expected.
hey, your mollies cousin?
Cause first I park my car, then I fuck yo bitch. Swag.
Failure is not an option. Success is an option, failure is mandatory…
“: Learn how to spell people. #embarrassedforyou”
Sometimes it's hard to understand, that some people can stay in your heart, but not in your life.
Severe Thunderstorm Watch for southeast Wisconsin (minus Fond du Lac and Sheboygan) until 7:00p.m. tonight.
dammit i hate when my phone gets full and it deletes new messages
Join our mobile adoption team today at Flying Star Cafe on Juan Tabo! 10:00 am-4:00 pm.
Macie just killed it! As always!
Eight! Although there were multiples interruptions.*sigh*
I'm pretty sure word games are my only skill and I will never make a career out of it
This nation will remain the land of the free only so long as it's the home of the brave. ~Elmer Davis #veteransday. Thank u for ur service.
NFL draft tonight!!! Who's ready?!
Lovin all the feedback thanks everyone! keep sharing, tune in, and stay naughty people!! new music and show dates on the way
before you go to bed can you please follow me and Ashley at thank you!
Sounds tantalizing living there!
don't leave me without saying bye!!!! :'(
it is a tie b/n ratchet and default pics
TV has been on MC Retro Rock for almost 3 hours and not a bad song yet!
depending on when my license is transferred I might shoot down there to hang a lil bit if I'm not working
#SLACKER! DID NOT DO ANY OF THE THINGS I NEEDED TO TODAY!
Thanks to /yeswecannabis for listing us!
#elevateBTR Can't Wait Already Pre-odered yep you know how it is
ha- John Hummitzsch, notorious for sneakers and black socks.
Its gonna take surgery to get ya out my head SMH..
Last #MarcEdit training session this morning. After 8 weeks, I will have my Monday mornings back. Whew.
Hi Chase, tks 4 following me. Let's chat and catch up ~ Tony
Attorney Business Dev: Become a trusted advisor. Clients want to know you feel their pain and care about their problems and concerns.-JW
#1yearthestoryofus is still the same...happy & loved. <3
Can't believe how much it is raining here in Miami. Is it ever going to stop?
Just watched FireFox crash for the third time while stepping through an Underscore each loop. Steps into the Underscore code, then boom! yuk
..and fear turns to courage...and everyone realizes all the times you were down, you were just pacing yourself.
My intention is to continue banking on the potential of this ePaper through a new call-to-action banner
Boarded! Next stop, ORD. Then home to a late dinner of sushi with the husband I haven't seen in a week.
Wait what just happened to me ?! :/
I just wanna hear u say it
Another great Sunday!<3
thank you! We'll be doing it again at baccalaureate <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B5><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
I'm studying abroad<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0083>
wow thanks for the news dump on my twitter feed.
With my girls <3 sydney, carson& Movies all day.
- I was just born this way. :)
Geezus that was hard. Only 2500 yds, pretty pathetic. First two in a row workout in six weeks.
you right and it has been down for a minute. If and my crew have anything to do with it, that won't be for long lol.
good choice. RT I mean calling me out.. I think I might have to :)
Hi there! Could you check out #1DtoOmaha we're dying out here trying to get you guys to see it :) Love NEBRASKA
getting worse
Working from home = I just ate 6 popovers for breakfast.
Happy birthday Chris, have an outstanding day!
Us too :( ": I JUST WANT TO BE OUTSIDE #internproblems"
BTW-will heller be able to watch uw Saturday what w/ all of his leprechaun responsibilities?
8th grade formal today, my cousin JUST got her dress yesterday
“: good luck in the finals, hope y'all win it”. Thanks big man!
it was very close, but the crowd chose my dish over Pauls.
that made no sense and I am a business major !
-sits in car- damn it. - backs up and pulls off-
Alright I'm off to bed goodnight (:
Going to the school this early on a Saturday fun.
Did it, Melissa!
Brown is screwed either way on this issue
They say you can sleep when your dead, but I love to sleep because only in my dreams I see the father you should have been
what that mean?
RT : Eghhh i have a six hour boot up time
You're welcome:) RT thanks for the follow
shoulda known you were from Elmira!!!
“: Have a safe trip.” thanks,Pree! Hold atlanta down for me until I get back...
love your work
Admit it you.was on my dick till the tables tturned
how's Poland?
let's fucking go
Apparently my dad just discovered al green and now has a new favorite artist
Aster cafe has bas service. 2 bad experiences there. Don't really want a 3rd.
Finally on Twitter, I see! Nice, dude.....
Turns out that the milk that goes with the 'breakfast of champions' is less environmentally friendly than a pint of beer.
Haha remember the play?
thank you very much!
Lost Sea of Sweetwater where dying fishies leave tiny grease spots floating on the cavern waters forevermore TN later Early AM
Why you hating on me with yo mad ass
its cool bruh lmfao we cant win em all
ah you better get tickets!
CONTINUATION. and I'm not mean I'm sassy! and I've noticed how your mom is always at the gym :3 maybe i am a stalker.....
You should talk with David Hunsicker who is running against
Welcome to Twitter Merce!!
well see tomorrow then(:
We was Fuccin on the brand new
Yeah, because plus-minus means everything about a defenseman, right? You just insulted your intelligence, and mine, too.
Is your weight loss plateauing? Change your workout, consume less food, run faster, or take a day off. Keep at it, anyway, seester!
Tejano Music Awards tonight! See your favorite artist in person! Official after party in same venue!
Me and are watching insidious! We need you here to keep us safe! AH!
#Quote Judge each day not by the harvest you reap but by the seeds you plant. -Robert Louis Stevenson
4. Team has changed. Imagine that scene 6-8 years ago!
@ work : Have to go see Iron Man 2 tonight, for an interview tomorrow. This job can be really brutal, you know?
Moving house, moving country, again. Need to get a writing project going to keep calm and focused. All ideas welcome.
Just spent 8 days in Florida. It was a nice break. Ran 30 miles. Shoulda/coulda run more but it seemed like enough.
A week of was refreshing. He's genuinely entertaining! It also doesn't hurt that he's one of the nicest guys around.
how many ordered have there been total?
do tell
Haha. Me too. He knows what he's doing. Lol
add me on facebook
I made a wish at 11:11. , make it come true?<U+2665>
It was pretty painful but there is always a silver lining.. 1. Probowl! 2. A-Rod comes out of Twitter hibernation! lol
I say i dont care what people think of me....i lie, when it comes to some people, i do
What the fuck is #telljimmy no one fucking cares about your opinion on this show
i really want the 'hi my name is slim shady' wristbands.
Hardoop the next security thing?
I hope all that #ASLRRA2012 are planning to participate in (National Train Day).
It feels so good to be in California:)! Everything looks so different, has it been that long?
Esperanza Spalding winning the Grammy over that lesbian kid is the justice
friend: what time is it? Me: austin mahone hour friend: what me: it's 11:11 make a wish make a wish
A very Happy New Year from all of us at River Bank Plaza!!
Allowed carrots again?
IM MAD AS HELL!! COS' THEY R SELLIN' THE DETROIT SHOCK WOMENS BASKETBALL.. 2 TULSA. OKLAHOMA..
Damn I think her b/f done put her on #LockDown b/c she hasn't replied..hm
Messing with me!
I think the real story here is that you were watching MSNBC. :)
“: You're the best, Blythe! Your work in philanthropy and charitable giving inspires all of us. Thank you!”
Go before the people with your example, and be laborious in their affairs. Confucius
Interested in learning more about the services/programs the Nonprofit Center offers? Register for"Helping You Help Others May 15
": Dear Boys, I’m not a back up plan... and definitely not a second choice"
my favorite.
you are typing this, you can think simple things. ;)
tonight at #whoswithme ??
4. Creativity. Csikszentmihalyi. Who are some of the most creative thinkers?
Jersey Shore :)
Today's SAT Q of the day is about figuring out when you need synonyms and antonyms. "And" means: similar meanings, "but": find opposites.
The U of M Board of Regents is expected to vote today on an agreement that would allow the Vikings to rent TCF Bank stadium.
Ya it looks like i got hit. I think i got it all taken care of. thanks for the heads up!!
Mali Mali
Reading " Dirty little secrets" by Liliana Hart... and after that a little shuteye
Cant wait to see my cousins and We have a lot to talk about.
Thanks for RT from my interview in !
Searched "Jew store" on Yelp! and nothing came up. Costume shop maybe?
Something not very many people know about me: I LOVE to read.
": The boy you trained, gone he is, consumed by Darth Vader."
RT: It sucks going from talking to someone everyday, to not at all.But things change, sometimes for the best I guess.
you've heard nothing new yet right ??? oh my lord ... LMAO listening session soon ...
those are my favorite too! :D ok another question...if I tell you a good joke, can I get a follow from you? :)
's true thanks for the advice.
#HoodAwardCategories Lookout of the Year
wise score?
Good mornings I'm on blunt #8 ....just getting super high before work
Glad the #alamw12 office is still quiet. My happy dance at Dropbox handling 3.5 GB of vid overnight would have been embarrassing otherwise.
RT : child:how big is this museum? Parent:we don't hav to see everything. Child:you will. At
Hm it's possible.
I was hoping doubling my RAM from 2GB to 4GB would be like giving Four Loko to my Macbook Pro. Instead, it was more like a sip of tea.
I want a lover i don't have to love.
thought we could move this convo to my personal twitter :)
I feel for you. I think i love you.
Jeepers Creepers rocks
Want to make a documentary about the bass line on "Is This It?" called "This Is It"
"It isn't that Liberals are ignorant. It's just that they know so much that isn't so." ~ Ronald Reagan
changed my religion on facebook to "Kurt Cobainism".
I get serious anxiety when it comes to sending emails. I re-read 20 times over. Just me?
One of my pet peeves is inheriting someone else's problems.
Poetry and Prose is TONIGHT! 5:30pm in the Honors College, come check it out!
See you soon! RT : Thanks for the follow. Great site for ETC - will drop by in person soon... Cheers!
Wisconsin athletes rule! Congrats
RT : RT if you're attending the event tomorrow we'll follow you and say "Hi" tomorrow!
Hahaha. Embarrassing. Didn't realize it was that simple. The only place I know of is Apple. Wish all places would do this.
it's weird I saw that happen too! Why?!
Agreed! RT : I love how is about PR as well as fashion.
Happy Birthday <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
Brava Holland Taylor.
Srsly turned off the outdoor lights and could still see trees, not shadows, down the street
It's Summer. What can I say. Im not sure he would have been in favor… but hey… who cares about their opinion
The thing always happens that you really believe in; and the belief in a thing makes it happen.
We have a winner! The answer is 104...almost 105 years old! RT 104.75ish??
Welcome to #21CRadio tweet chat! Join the conversation and introduce yourself!
what? Mcnugget casserole?
thnks for the
Just found you through your TILT plugin... FANTASTIC ADDON!
Yes. Absolutely yes.
working on a new mix :-))
Thanks for posting! We enjoy the blog. Come back this summer for cocktails, bocce, and the beautiful Midtown city lights.
Yes, it's really becoming an issue on the west side
Any word on multiple account support?
that's whats great about Wisconsin, margaritas can both warm you up and cool you off!
of course!
You were supposed to ask where Big Mama lives!! *ask ask*
It's sad that Americas staple food is McDonalds.
5 Free Locks to anyone who emails us at for tonight! Hurry!
Office drama!!!
i love the movie twilight, its soo cool! do u?
One good thing about Jets travesty tonite... I can go to bed at a civilized hour. Wonder what the ratings are now in NYC... Miniscule.
Under New Management. That also means new strains!! Come check us out! Make us your caregiver for discounted prices!
haha me and Nasa just had the funniest talk
Good morning! Stop by & say hi to all your Farm friends, and pick up our strain of the day; George Clinton!
@ Maxwell's in Hoboken. The Jam's "Going Underground" and Blur's "Stereotypes" just played back-to-back.
definitely Love the email to your to-do list feature.
If you love some, you’ll be willing to give up everything for them. But if they love you, they’ll never ask you too
Getting ready to go into production for the for the music VIDEO my most inspiring song ever "You Saved Me".
Karma! It eventually works its wonders... now if only it would get to work on Bush.
i dont even remember:p not that tho lol
If you're reading my thread with and you aren't following him...kill yourself right now you humorless fuck
A relationship doesn't end because it's destined to. It ends because one of the lovers made a choice to give up
Take that back. #MJ never gave bad advice. I think we need to have an MJ Experience night to atone for your poor word choice.
Today's not your birthday? ;o Your birthday is in like august/september ;o
": Happy Cinco de.. Yeah I get it.. You're a drunk." How did you know;
Thanks for the follow. We like your emphasis on 'mastery of lifestyle'. That's what we do.
@ the Lib:coworker promises to call 911 if I stroke out, but since she's the one who made the $10K error, I don't have oodles of confidence.
Hit the bong, Like ching chang chong<3
thank you Nat! xo
I am happy to report that I made about $400 more than Homer at the Blu-tender Battle! Thank you to all who came to support a great cause!
or even with 4 babies. Ok not all mine are babies anymore, but they all love Pizza Port too!
! that's wonderful!
I think I ate too much pasta.
#hogab hurry, oh God, a bat
fpi was the poor one :p
RT “: Keep your words short and sweet, because you never know which ones you will have to eat.”
I cant believe Messi is only 24. Thats a joke
Talking to the wife about moving to the A!!
Which DVD?
why everybody wanna rap "like," Wayne..get yo own style sucka/dick ryder..including the lame ass fags that rap wit him
okay can you ask alyssa for me then?
I don't even know what to wear today. It's too hot.
#MyFreshmanYearAtFAMU i got drunk for the first time in college club house and i blame
I know, but what about Seattle? I think Seattle is a great place international investors to buy!!
Mazel Tov Dr. Harvey on Hansen's Eclipse for 2-year old Champion and his new status as favorite for Derby 138.
. been on hold for 15 minutes. this is horrible customer service, FYI
umm i have no idea yet!but i will go back somsday!:)
As an outreach advocate, communicate the style guide and wikipedia rules, which are complex.
Swat Team on Rambling Creek and Liberty Road with fire trucks and unmarked cars. Be careful everyone! We'd recommend staying away.
Wish I still had my bike.
Love having covering weather in tonight's show!
"life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness" - last I looked, a federal issue, no?
Wieters has the yanks' number
You wanna go to Jail or you wanna go home lmao
Ur Faith in action enables God 2 move on His ppl! (Luke 5:17-26) God's looking 4 Radical ppl willing 2 do All It Takes 4 this generation!
Watching old reruns of High Stakes Poker. I have about 200 episodes recorded and watch when nothing interesting is on TV.
thank you.
Diversity is a good thing.
sometimes it hard 2 let go of the past when u cant c da future
lol - believe it or not I saw that tour.
That's what's up!!! mmmmhhm
that's just crazy!
Care so much that you can't stop persisting. #Persist GREAT ADVICE for Artists.
#ThreeWordsForYou Basic Ass Bitch.
what u did loser I miss u dumbass haven't talk to u in a while
To be successful as individual, you have to be successful as a team first. RT
Now.. you KNOW it's true! RT : I'm personally offended by that. Next time @ me.
hey Crystal i dont think i have u as a fb friend but i have the graduation gather nxt month
One More Chance - Biggie !
yes, REALLY! and I want it on!
I ball for a reason
it's so true !
Congratulations on the new gig! An exciting next chapter.
Do you know any retailer already carrying the LS-20M? Thanks!
I need to get out of this house. I'm too stressed
And he played Drew Peterson too. Why does he insist on being in CABLE movies about high-profile homicides. He's better than that!
... You had one job.... And you screwed it up!
have fun with her <U+270C>
I guess im not getting that text after all. I dont even know why I waste my time, I sweaar.
that's not a replay. it's still coming down. RT : Next-day replay Cody Ross bat flip
Thanks! It's good to know I've cornered that look.
ALZM Allezoe Medical Holdings (ALZM) Completes Exclusive Licensing Deal for HPV Diagnostic Technology
you cheeky kunt you! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
They should let you be a two time winner!
<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A5>RT : Workout done!!! hate I won't be there for sessions I will be back in full effect next month. Lol
I'm unhappy
Randall-"our children and grandchildren believe this is the best there is." make small changes every day to make the world a better place.
Thanks for the follow Erin. We're also coffee addicts! Hope you're doing well.
you do that :)
Ugh waiting at my aunts doctor appointment.. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2>
Oh, shoot me. #nobodycares!
Anyone Wanna talk to me
First footage for #OTCO3 done! You guys are gonna like it! Scratch that, love it!
may have went 0 for 4 on the mens side for F4, but on the womens I went 3-4 with the finals still in tact. Lets go Lady Bears!
Fridays suck when you've got nothing to do. I was gonna go to my schools football game... But then I couldn't
We'll leave no stone unturned (in farm bill savings). Staffer for Sen Roberts.
I miss ! How about ?! Looking solid for
I say he hits 45 or more to drive home the point that he is the best basketball player on earth!
Loyola University Chicago (LUC) haha but thank you bud!
#IJustLoveItWhen You make me feel better when i'm sad
Thom Yorke is a perfect human
Thanks you too!
Finally got to do some injections at work. I love pokin people
Bob Evans gave Andrew a lifetime supply of biscuits in a basket.
#Echelon3000 tonight tho! We going in for Dj A Plus & Dj Blaze birthday! Ladies *FREE* all night! #TurnUp!
Yes, I feel good about cheering for Tiger. He's paid the price in spades. He has redeemed himself as a human being. Cheer on!
OK I've ranted! Off to greener pastures now! Its how I ROLL! <3
Welcome to minnesota, jj hardy! i think you will like it. we have this football guy named brett that seems to like it
awe I love you to babe!
How many movies can liam neison be in....
yeah, i got the internet stream going as well.
the things justin does for HIS beliebers is incredible
Probably the worst thing about being a penguin is after you're in an argument you'll try to waddle away angrily but still look adorably cute
sorry please excuse my live-tweeting my thoughts on Saturday's Nets-Bobcats game
about to explode from the excitement caused by my imminent macbook/ipod touch purchase!!!
I hope, I pray the next year will result in you changing that assessment.
yup i know
your welcome!
Chiefs run to make the Pack 13 and 1.
Hard to move on when you always regret one.
just got home from the Pepin's. Long project but such a good day
Couldn't resist, gave Steph her Mothers Day present early.
I got you Bruh, when you coming out here my nigga? Lol
I think this summer you will find that name on your basket
I need one of those!
When people think they're bad bitches when they aint shit. I wanna slap them back to reality and give them a wake up call.
#IsMelissaA nope she's not either.
Make me your friend on facebook and Ill send you songs. Love to sing to you! Mrsingfranktony
I agree! Add driving through a tunnel without putting on their brakes to that class.
how can i service you with my hip-hop recording artist precise dirty version for his single "it's on me" and his bio/publicity photo
no I do too because I feel really bad for the crew, ecspeacily Alex! I can't imagine how sad he's but I know he is also proud
find a moving picture, save it, and use it as ur profile pic :)
Excedrin, power nap, workout. Molly = 1, migraine/cold = 0.
I hate that... well not exactly. In my case it usually isn't lipstick.
Ah I don't want to go to school! :(
Omw to work...
starts w/ how a flood in 1998 started the boston public library's digital collections program "start with what you've got"
I will be honest with you... You are attractive. (;
June 12th first show @ the Beat!
A4 offering (and encouraging) flexible schedules, letting you know its ok to come in late tomorrow if you're working late today
At in Everett, impressed by their fried pickles--not soggy, good batter.
Just saw a priest walk into a Lingerie store. Oh mygod
Big things coming late Fall 2010!
Have you seen the McDonald's commercial where the Mexican dude eats a raw potato?? What the hell?!?!
Nublu Records is looking for an intern... please email at
EVERYBODY brothers & sisters huh? Lol that shit is hilarious
I never wish the worst for people only the best for them and I will forever stick to that. I'd rather be entirely too nice than utterly evil
KBPS.TV will announce a plan on Monday the 11th, 2011 that will grow your audience by 200%
RT Need volunteers to sell coffee in our tent on Mon May 30 10AM-3PM at the Milw. War Memorial. Email:
I set up the twitter feed using twitterfeed, FindLaw, and court's own RSS feed. It's not 9th Cir. sponsored.
Good morning #oah2012 #ncph2012. Ready for a busy day?
So who at #oah2012 #ncph2012 is sharing their presentations, discussions, questions, etc on google docs?
i just freaking love , i'd anything to meet him... anything <3
RepublicanConservatives not human
are you going to be busy in the next like 2 hours bro
SAXOPHONE GUY!!!!
KMSL <U+E012> back at u wat we play Pete pat?
I may not be #18 yet but its fun driving a car a few streets around when your only #13 :)
Sorry to see my alter ego Blago entering prison. Big Bill managed to avoid that fate, though not for lack of trying by the states attorney!
Burdys is bigger than wut I thought. I can't believe ima b on the stage though Instead of being n the crowd. Woo (mostinterestingman)
Drove bike into a wall of poison ivy as a kid - nothing happened. Moved an oleander flower 1 inch today - foot, face, arms blown up. Remedy?
I forgot how terrible the smell of NYC in 87 degree heat can be.
I just can't stand Christina anymore. I hate the "real man" comments. What is she even trying to say?
one word....ouch!
"I'm gonna step out of the storm and be spotless... Just waiting for the right time." I feel that.
At school with we are so boared help us waitin for ouur ride
The most exciting thing happening right nwo: TAKE YOUR KID TO WORK DAY. Being on my best behavior = eliminating four-letter vocabulary.
Turn on your TV! is gonna be on soon playing the organ!
Sleeping at my cousin brittany's house tonighht. Goodnight. <3
It's more like Tuscany Chicken Tuesday instead of Taco Tuesday! La Prima is busy busy!!! www.wausautogo.com
not bad. finished my talks in almost exactly 5 min. the timing was the only stressful thing, i guess! good luck!
Man I love my bitch!
And a happy passover coach! “: I hope everyone had a Happy Easter.”
Good to meet you too! Hope I'll see you at another event soon.
Two guys on my bus playing the bicycle game with their legs while grunting...
Can't wait til dis semester is over lol dis 8 o'clock class blows da hell out of me
See you soon! “: More than excited for tonight...what a wonderful Thursday.”
56 more hours until freedom/unemployment.
I know! As long as a giant doesn't sit in front of me it'll be perfect. RT think you hit the jackpot right there!!
Standing by with other Department of Labor lovelies to help you sort, organize, etc!
« Once you understand why you're doing what you're doing, you feel so much better about doing it...» !!!
Ok is the worst naviagtor... me:where do we turn arla:left, no right me: which one is it? Arla: uhmmm..both.
what solution?
welcome to eWeek Canada!
Woo hop ankle better I think. But no 5k running yet lol
Are you headed to this month? Make sure to follow for local film updates!
haha..I had to throw a few chirps out there
dont you remember im your baby girl?.
My mom thinks 'LOL' means 'Lots Of Love'. She texted me 'Our dog died, LOL'
we're volunteering for on April 22nd. hope to see some of you there!
We are going to revamp Biting Dogs Entertainment and maybe change the name tell me what would be a good name change? or should we change it?
They're waiting for you. Go tweet and request #BUBBLEGUMBOY on or call 1-877-870-5678. I love you guys <3
i love cpk.
Go to their FB page.
“: Hey yo dawg I never use email but you don't need to internet to use it right?”
The New Edition Concert is on Groupon. I don't know why that's funny to me!
At the moment, we announce meetings right here on Twitter.
I just love the graham crackery aroma of wort emanating from the Miller brewery
Perhaps u should take advantage of the nearest pillow.
Russell Wilson to Seattle. Damn. I wanted GB to him.
leave me the F*ck alone bxtch Real talk !
see you then, darlin!
I mean someplace your a member? Maybe you could start on their worship team
I want some Taco <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+0094> Bell!
“: About to go rehearse for my CMA performance with Kenny Loggins..... Drunk.” hmm. You or Kenny?
Gay almost had the best dunk of the year smh
Thank you for the mention!
yeah buddy!! Great game!! The crowd went crazy!!!
Are we all talking about the same dude, though?
Finalizing my judges' evaluation forms for WSPRA's #SpectrumAwards. Thanks for incliuding me as a judge Wisconsin Association Management.
We're looking for users of for some quotes/thoughts/feedback..Is it you? Let us know!
It's Friday!!! What are your big plans for the weekend?
Ugh! Where?
Anyone know where I can get a yard sale-boat for yard sailing?
Feel. Like. Death.
Hashing out a Puget Sound Civic Communications Commons w/lots of good folks etc. & other partners to come!
ok... See ya where I dropped you off at 12:30 or a little after.
I'm glad you've enjoyed. And I think you're right about the similar interests. Maybe we'll actually meet one of these days.
“: Don't test your faith - let your faith test you! #TodayWeAreRich”
Congratulations to the #Colts and to all the loyal fans who never stopped cheering this season. Great win! Go Colts!
Will Gallup's "conservatives" buy Obama's branding?
oh come on guido's not that bad... ;-)
check out for starters Good luck on your survey! ALOHA
We just booked our first gig at Garfield Artworks. March 2, 2011. Wise or unwise?
Looking forward to seeing some Voyager peeps during Washington DC trip.
needs to be famous. This music belongs on so many movie soundtracks and mixtapes. It's absurd.
ooh well..least we have twitter;)
Do you guys have an addon for #WHMCS? ^Carel
yep! That's the one
follow first and I'll follow back =)
#UArts also announces 2012 Honorary Degree of Fine Art to cartoonist Tony #Auth, formerly now
Hi, how was everyones day today? I'm just watching tv now lol :)
Today in 1899, one of America’s most influential jazz figures was born. Can you guess who? Check back later for hints and the answer!
u dont got to lie to kick it. Thats a chevy hoe. The volvo is newer than that camry.
Does talking to my daughter count?
Bennies for lunch <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
is really a laughing hyena in an asian body. Sit next to him during a comedy movie and you'll understand.
thank you too.
Super moon? Super clouds here in Huntsville, Alabama.
I hope I get really tan this summerr<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B>
Second half kicks off at Pune. It's a 1-1 between Air India and Chirag United Kerala
you could drop your pen in I would hear it. It's to quiet there!! Playoff began
Is there a guy whom you have said thousands of times you'd give up but you never did?
Been here before, thought i had my shit straight
Come hang out with us @ world of dance in LA this wknd :) got new merch for u to check out too. <3
Mass protest in Grant Park is about to be broken up. Ill bite.
A press conference on Trayvon Martin shooting case expected at 3pm .. Watch it live on KGW
The rule is perfect: in all matters of opinion our adversaries are insane. Mark Twain (1835 - 1910
Heading to the East Coast Men's Bible Conference in Rocky Mount.
The deadliest contagion is majority opinion.
Awesome, way to be on top of saving our environment
Hell yeah bout to burn one with one of the 36 OG's!
Yeah, who's in? We are! RT : Who's doing tomorrow?
Why are you talking
Well done! Cheers!
Then stop tweeting things you can't possibly defend.
You outta see my bedazzled denim jacket collection I must say, between your handle and your avatar, I'm quite tickled.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
The people at Chick-Fil-A hate us because my mom tries to get everything for free.
Gloria Steinem~ Logic is in the eye of the logician.
Me too!
Watching HGTV real estate shows stinks. This lady just bought a decent, 2k sqft house in the city for 109k. Granted the city is St Louis.
There is nothing I hate more than one word texts with a smile face.
And the date. Such a dad thing, RT My dad likes to tell me what time it is in the voicemails he leaves me.
I've been told that before, I'm not sure if it was a good thing or not.
that is fuckin hot can i join in
": *logs into Facebook" girl: YOLF: You Only Live Forever with Jesus<33(:.........*logs off*" LMFAO
Truth. RT : You know it's week 11 when the party at the library is bigger than the party down the block.
Long distance relatoinship is no good for meh..cant do it..+_+
Hi Jeff, Al Loring/Bob Rose intro me to NSA and you 22 years ago. Just watched your Eric Worre videos, thanks for everything!!
THANKS FOR FOLLOWING US,
Give so much time to building your self confidence and improving yourself that you have no time to criticize others.
lmao. You slow
I have to go to a wedding on cinco. Idk of I'll be doing anything after. What are you doing?
But are they? Are QR codes more hype than reality? I'm up in the air...What are best practices for getting past bloated sites?
Well played, LoMo. RT : Buy beer... RT BRYCE HARPER JUST STOLE HOME. What can't this kid do?
#PearlBistro Tonight ! #Echelon3000 Thursday ! Ladies Free All night ! Bday Celebration for & !!!
Melissia.......You disappear quickly .... as I do the same.... #FFT "food for thoughts"
Certain songs make me cry...
SABMiller and InBev should make a friendly wager. Winning team gets a brewery tour.
'bye-bye-bye' is my ringtone. :-)
-_________- who cares!
this moring my chest was hurting .. now its not :)
Librarians' field of practice is much more than information. Need to reclaim that through activism and vision.
I was a little kid sitting on the couch with my mom and dad on NYE watching the ball drop with Dick Clark. You will be missed sir!
Alexito Villalpando, the very picture of teenage perfection, obliterated by perversion.
So apt.
I might make a decaf just for the taste.
and the Toucan!
thank you! :) and we shall try!!
Thank you! Merry Christmas to you!
its friday getting ready to leave to steamboat springs!!!!!!
You think you know... But you have no idea...
The reason so many Annoyances books got created for Microsoft is that they wanted to make life hard for users or were plain dumb! Which?
Yo! Make my world, and follow me back? (:
unfortunately not. Got a lot of house work to get done today. This is the only weekend I have free this month!
I miss Waco. Let's go back soon. You in?
What happened?
“ You are not here to "upgrade" anyone. You should never have to stoop for love. #TheSW”
“: GIANTS WIN!!!!” Well deserved new York!!!
i need co-owners 4 this account :/
Who wants to work in TV & Film in Portland, Oregon? Come to PDX Central Library 5:30pm Tues. US Bank Room. All Welcome! Fun new projects
thanks for the follow!
I hope you have a better evening and a terrific day tomorrow! :) Remeber, I am here for you, Anita! xoxoxo
Thank you for following us, Happy Day! LPMR!
Fuck safe. Shoot clean.
Strong words from Occupy Columbus today. "Banks Suck" and "Jobs". Made me thankful for my bank job.
missed me :}
is filming on campus right now! Talk about #awesome and distracting. :)
I've officially had twitter for one month! Thanks for all the follows and messages. I love my fans! You guys are amazing!! Xxoo
MITs Woodie Flowers: "Gracious Professionalism" is one of the fundamentals taught to kids at FIRST robotics comp.
Had a really great day at school!:) get to skip half tomorrow because of the #InternationalFestival! Have you been to one?
That would make a great marketing jingle for Cialis.
Thanks to , I just realized there was a typo in my bio. Good lookin!
guest brought the ingredients... but good point!
amen bro. I hear u went through a struggle, good to see u made it through.. I would love to be able to work with you one day man!
You did great today.
The grind don't stop.
Follow he's back on twitter!!!
Cotto will be a test for Mayweather. I know he wants Pac-Man, but he better not overlook Cotto.
Weak signal, but there does seem to be wifi in Salon E.
Less than 2 months left of school!
Thanks for support
I find FB is better for just about everything....but twitter is quick and dirty.
I agree brother
Why didn't i eat / All the desserts on the tray / Sugar crash later
i am but I can't get it to land on your site... whoever it is is a google master... ORT
Am I a jerk for thinking chain restaurants shouldn't be in DC? Maybe not a jerk but a yuppie...right?
Loving CSPAN rerun of red carpet arrivals to White House Correspondents dinner- Steve Andrews escorting his beautiful daughter
I love ur album under the mistletoe.My and I were listenin to it while maken a ginger bread house i love u
Will nicHi survive? RT I ate a sleeve of crackers for lunch. Come feed me with your laughter at tonight at 9:30
LMFAO Oh, you're a model? What's your agency? Instagram?
I hope not.
Oh wait it was a prequel not a remake. My bad. In that case, just leave anything John Carpenter the fuck alone.
Let us know if you're looking for anything in specific. Hopefully we can help. What kind of project is it?
Tomorrow, at boundlessgallery.com, featured in Discover An Artist
"does that turn you on?" um hell yeah it does!
Got news fr my docs yesterday that I may b facing brain surgery 4 damaged nerve on rt sd of face. Please keep me n ur prayers. I have Faith!
followed love :-)
Of coarse! lol people keep saying at look mad at the begining
Eh hmm sorry love, the one and only Queen is Sir Elton John . You may move along now.
sons of guns music? Awesome. Well done sir.
that's the one fast food place that I still haven't been able to get to.
Tomorrow is St. Patty's Day! Anyone cooking up some corn beef and cabbage? A traditional favorite, but was corn beef always the meat of...
Where are you headed tonight? We're going to Adobe Cantina!
i do. but I will miss our seniors :( haha
fuck! "in" wonderland. Damn phone lol
We would like to look into the situation to see if proper prevention solutions were suggested for the resource issue. ^CB
YOU LIKE AUSTIN MAHONE?! OMG YAY (:
A woman receives the second ever larynx transfer! Now she has what we take for granted; the power of
The state of North Dakota makes me want to use crystal meth. There, I said it.
Good. How is the house
but to order them in the mail?
An important factor is how you address your customer on your site.
Wow! Summer switched off like a light. Last week it was close to 100; today we barely break 60!
thank you!! Yes, big #dc wedding! I'm already overwhelmed :)
|.~|.| SINFUL SATURDAYS..SEXY GOGO DANCERS..$2 DRINKS..SEE THE VIDEO--> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
<U+F8EB>B¯_B¯_M¯_™. blowing up about Madonna!!
Congrats on your new studio!
HAPPY ST PACKERS DAY
sandwiches! “: It's like we finish each other's --”
2 words, people: "veggie straws"
": Last week the model commuter rail vehicle will be on display! Stop by Union Station btwn 10a-6p M-F, or 10a - 4, Sat."
Really!? That's horrible! Are you going to get to go at all? I figure I'm going to be up all night for the next 2 weeks.
#RapItUp cause i no U still in love withme
This DJ acts like he's legit and says tweet me your request and doesnt even give us the name. smh
Mark ur calendar! #Sommchat Wed 5/9 at 11 AM CST #Sommelier will be our featured guest to answer your questions!
So what's up guys? :)
Thanks for the RT
I know that was a joke about whiskey, but try a good Kentucky Bourbon with Ginger Ale. See you at the Derby!
Business Insider thinks that anyone who thinks taht the Obama administration makes up economic data is a "hater". Gus Lubin wrote that.
Phone chargers should be 6 feet long >_<
"there is incredible power in just getting up every day and working toward our God-inspired futures." - terry a. smith, "ten"
Decisions that we make can have a permanent effect for the positive or negative. How will you proceed when making a decision next time?
So nice to see all of my friends supporting me :) feeling the love! More pics to come...still uploading so stay tuned!
Twas an excellent day of shooting. Now off to see #50/50
"Woke up this mooorniiiiing..."
I know right at least you don't need to go through with this stuff everyday!
thank you for the information. What blogs do you follow? Who are your favorite?
Join us for an artist talk w/ Marina Zurkow today at 1pm. She will discuss her TX research, ecosystems & techonology to create animations.
I kicked some major criminal butt today as my super hero alter ego "Dragonfly Boy"! You're welcome Chicago! Go Pitchy!
lol that is true I would have been thrown out early in the game, but believe it or know all my FB friends loved it
Good idea! Hm, what are we good at?
You're welcome
America's human rights are slowly diminishing. Unconstitutional #immigration laws and #NDAA sections.
Low-Cholesterol Recipes: Barley and Mushrooms with Beans 4.2 / 5 Stars | 103 Reviews by Niki Plourde "Grains, legumes, and vegetables - t
I have never watched that show is it good?
I've got a huge thing for Diablo Cody, right?
All moved in to my new house :) spent the entire morning at the beach. Life is good.
GOD MAWNIN ER'ONE!!!!
Yes we can!
sounds like you don't make excuses for what you believe.. excelnt quality..so im curious..do you believe in a highr powr.. God?
Feeling sick ? visit www.inovadocs.com Want to relax ? Visit www.bodyblissnow.net :D
Haha, thanks! RT big swords! Love it!
ikr I love !
Getting asked weird and awkward questions... #doihavetoanswerthat?
Catching up on emails & such after a nice, long weekend! Back to work! :)
I should, but I can't go to sleep right now.
RT : cut your hair chick..it will grow back. Folks will be alright. <<yeah!
miss your good energy and fuck I could use a dose of that. Xx
good job eli..looking good.
i followed please follow back
Statcounter, why do you fail me?
thank ya for the FF last week!
Let's go take money keep winning
I need to get out of this ignorant, hick town.
Safety - then, get organized by anointing a team and process to deal with crises
This morning my eye crusties were fucking EXTREME!!!! And by this morning, I mean at 4pm when I get out of bed...
I need to go to the barber shop but I'm way too lazy to go today.
girl I feel like I've seen it all
Common sense isn't that common. If it was, ux designers wouldn't be needed.
I know I shouldn't care about what other people think... But I do.
It's like VOICE Twitter...
yesterday/last night was fun as fuck. i truly had fun. :3
I wasn't...but read quotes from Cuddyer, Gardy, and others. Not overwhelming support for Joe.
Just helped my mom "like" George Takei on Facebook. Yes!
One shot, one goal.
is that the channel she's on? I just saw some commercials for some ridiculous looking shows
My friend's cats are so cute. one's really fat and one's really small.
Dems to hold noon press conference for "Special announcement" regarding recall effort.
Yey! I also got a few summer shirts, which insures it will be cold and rainy.
I pinky swear !!
When is the twitter app going to get an update to fix all it's bugs
I hate the city of Pittsburg
Hot cheetos for breakfast. Tummy ache here I come>>
imagine with messy buns my hair will go down with one jump no matter how tight it is
lol u know I'm serious about mine
Why leave...I'll stream views of Hawaii!
If only. My face is in need of some delighting-off.
lol yes tomorrow.
George Phillips voted the best ring announcer. Meet him at Amateur Elite 2 January 29th!
I don't like to admit it, but I'm fuckin stressed out.
baby steps jackie, baby steps.
you ain't worth the trouble
Good question. Hershey's follows me and I think that's pretty cool of them!
Does no Tebow for Jags mean even more pressure to win this year?
Out this morhafucka peace
thank you
#youlookgoodbut looks better ;)
": I use Gmail's "star" function for emails that need to be followed up on. I'm starting to hate it." --> Me too!
Passenger in the seat next to me...IS A DOG!!!
looks great
I wanted to tweak it to say happy birthday mofo(rrest) oh well...next year 30 years of fun
My next door neighbor put their home on the market this week. Today we counted at least 15 purchasers with Realtors.
Great job on your 5k accomplishment! It's great to see people achieving their #health goals :)
Hacking isn't cool!
Jupiter is now in #Aries. Time to be more courageous, independent, and daring.
No but you can hire a crackhead...
it's all rigged and he's too chicken to fight Manny
#shestooyoungforyoubro if she still has posters all over her wall
That's a lot of kneecaps we're talkin bout, mon amies
Take the sneakers off your teeth, stop running your mouth. RT : Keep Running your Mouth.
"will give Girardi pause if he was considering that for later in what may be Rivera's final season." He tore his ACL, dude.
these froyo places are insanely good
She managed to put the plight of the African-American male in a historical/cultural context with grounded emotion - must read!
lol that's how you feel bro
Need some handywork? Just have a question? Give us a call! 317-456-7019
Minnesota Vikings release TE Daniel Hardy, G Butch Lewis
#dontactlikeyounever stuck gum underneath a table and went back to it. . . . Lol jk :))
who is he?!
I seriously have the most amazing best friend anyone could ever ask for <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B>
Hey grads! Come by tomorrow and let us know you graduated and get 10% off your total purchase! Spread the word!
- there's vicious rumors of yr David Lynch series in 9 days, but zero info on your site. Has it been cancelled? What's the story??
the ones from 60s+ just make me want to look at #SaulBass logo designs all day …
llama ya. 1 888 the check
WAS INDY FOR A LONG TIME I REMEMBER WHEN THEY BROUGHT IM A DIFFERNT'ER TO CANDLER FLEA MARKET THEY PASS IT OUT FOR FREE
What is this? Dissertation? Term paper? ProQuest & Google Scholar show nothing. Who is this Strauss? 2/2
I get anxious when my DVR is full
Somebody help Dill on the Job tip. Get a young black male off these streets
Why do I suck so much at keeping up with my twitter. Shit. ):
Heading in to UC Berkeley from SF to EECS to judge last nights's student hackathon!
Have a very happy "Happy Birthday" Jake!
The last time the truth came out of Karl Rove's mouth, he was two years old and told his mommy he wanted a cookie.
People who say it cannot be done should not interrupt those who are doing it.
Hope to feature more local musicians' and friends' music in our work--so much talent around here. Let us know if you'd like to join the fun!
I am pleased to announce that we have our first client! Please welcome to our family! We look forward to working with you!
"Any time not spent on love is wasted." -Torquato Tasso
#ThatMoment when your friends make fun of you for caring... even tho it was a joke it still bothers me. :/
thank you for the follow... =)
So good.
There's a sport where you ski uphill and shoot a gun.
And Romney owes former President Carter an apology...what a jerk.
25% of heterosexual Americans have engaged in anal sex.
That moment when a bird lands on your spoiler?
She a fake ass want to be barbie, u not Nicki Minaj, hoe...
As soon as they arrive, I'll let you know.
Heads up: Chawz is now on Netflix instant streaming.
The law of gravity says no fair jumping up without coming back down. (Dear old Newton must be rotating in his grave).
aye look who joined
I am not wearing vans today.yerr a LIAR!
nice meeting you too!
RT : When you find out your mum loves !:') yeah. Me too Jennasmum :)
Gov. Scott Walker in SOS speech sends thoughts and prayers to Democratic Rep. Tamara Grigsby who is recovering from serious illness.
Only On The Weekends.
I wanna put red in my hair again but idk what...? Hm...
Listening to the lovely address how OERs can help students' quantitative skills
kool!! Haha i love it down here but we just went on spring break and im sunburnt lol
hey why did you delete your Facebook :(
Ate at Bumble Bee's
Aw, you're so cute!
If we spent 50% less time worrying about what others thought of us and 50% more time on improving ourselves.Your life will be 100% different
guess what
Agreed. Chiefs made a mistake. ": "He's got to develop a mean streak". Does. Not. Happen. You have one or you don't."
i have nothing to wear on friday i'm going to kms
LOST YOUR DOG, Rockwell??? That's horrible. I hope you are reunited soon. :-( BO, United Airlines!!!
dang you sure are hot ;)
Who am I kidding?
"I'm all about the peace and love" Thank #OSF from NY...
Guys please #PrayForDanica she is one of the most sweetest girls I know so is please pray
At Gower studios - Hollywood
Can't make it during business day #WoSup :(
is a sponsor for June 4 event--you coming? codeforoakland.eventbrite.com- come out and join the hacking!
You know what they say; Picture or it Didnt happen, lol. Happy Friday
I saw a girl wearing a sweatshirt with "Guess" on it. I said, "Thyroid problem?"
im sure chemistry will be boring we will be back thursday so u can deal with RICKKY, by yourself :p
Telephone seems to be a never ending game?
Bad decision for O'Brien kid.
WHY FOR THE LOVE OF GOD IS BATTIER ON MELO?
Learn to appreciate what you have, before time forces you to appreciate what you had.
Last Starbucks happy hour frap :(
Take time for you! This is not a luxury but a wellness must: Keeping stress from building up is a huge step toward better health.
I'm tossing back Theraflu right now. Hopefully it'll kill the symptoms.
Thanks for the RT! RT : Chris Abraham's blog post today:
- The Saga Begins followed by Yoda!
check us out on facebook.com/Brother Apparel
RT : Fear will never help you succeed in life. - Only blood, sweat, and tears can do that!
you my friend are a dick face .
Let's go Streeter! #rockies v
RT "Success is counted sweetest by those who ne'er succeed." —Emily Dickinson
& for the record I completely disagree. I'll give you cursive. It's a waste of classroom time.
In the words of .....DON'T KNOCK IT
""The China man isn't the issue here"----That's not the preferred nomenclature dude
Beautiful day in New England-----> Beautiful day to be part of Owneraide.
Don't ever be an audience member on America's Got Talent. Unless you enjoy being treated like a zoo animal.
I'm doing a tuna salad week promo concert at panera
Verlander. Finally. Scary.
Still hungry?
And I better be seeing you! Cause you're gonna be moving to Bumfuck Egypt after summer.. :(
halloween party starts next month.. but I still haven't found my American-British dress..
I'd welcome Jesse Orosco at this point.
Wow, till 11? Don't go crazy or anything!
If every petition signer brings a friend (unlikely voter if possible) #june5, we got this. #Recall: Obama 1.7 '08; Walker 1.2 '10
HOW ARE YOU? :D
- good insights into the sales process, as always
“: TRX suspension training is an excellent way to get an awesome workout pretty much anywhere #TRX” We love it too!
lawls what can i say
There have been some social media-related events in Anchorage, but you're correct, no SMC. We're not big into formality up here. :)
i know you probrably think i hate you but i dont so dont think that way okay so bye and thanks :D
You hit your brother, I gonna hit you...
I am going to buy so many heavy things.
*looks in your eyes*
I KNOW. I have to go see NYD and BC13 and Deuce and BOTDF again soon. i have post-concert depression. /:
Thank you for the birthday wishes.
I really wish tumblr's multiple blogs worked differently. Oh well, I guess I'm going to have to create an e-mail address and log in and out.
#InMIddleSchool Bitches werent quiet bitches yet
you're welcome
we can build machine-only workouts. And, for your muscles' sake, we'd urge you to try something new vs. the old routine...
Thanks again to all the entrants for the 2010 SanAntonioAMA Marketing Excellence Awards! We are starting our judging this Thursday night ...
Wow this day is all messed up with a bad ending to it
You are awesome! So very awesome.
last we had some African delight. Friends were visiting from Chicago. They said:never had coffee like that!
Happy birthday, Paul! :) x
who are they routing for? Better be the Eagles! Those are my boys! Haha
(SLA's Events Director extraordinaire) Thanks for following!
and I wear my uncute-ness with pride
are you fucking kidding me?
Yooooooo closing timmmmee it's time to go
I barked at my grandma because she had as many pizza slices as I did (3, dominoes)..the nerves!!
looking forward to seeing you at tomorrow too and see your new product. Love me some fretzels! We're booth 9.
Just introduced the amazing who's talking about getting funding for your biz.
I miss my freaking niece
that tweet just made my life...
is a film about 5 kids in N.O. whose school system gets the most radical overhaul in America...
#resume #tips Your resume is only one step of many for your ideal job/career.
Thanks for following Dawn :D xoxo
thank you!!!
Or maybe his body just was going to break down no matter what, who knows?
Our marvelous media sponsors!
Thanx for comming. Great to meet you & now can connect another twitter follower to a face!
Hey ma nigga what's the deal lol
it's good. I miss learning from you and on the set. Thanks for the experience.
can you verify our official fan account
I heard that. Wasn't sure if that was fabricated or what. YA know.
I'll be there ina lil. You want something to eat? Like MickDs or some shit..
I just have to keep reminding myself that nothing worth having is ever easy. Especially for me. I've never given up. Never will.
In Kindergarten, we called it cooties. In High School we call it STDs.
Joe Dan Wilson and Kyle Johnson started Poised Creation on the belief that artists need support!
I don't know what to do I'm bored
I visited a LEED Gold building last week. I drove buy it twice, producing green house gasses, because I couldn't see it due to native plants
Thanks for coming out! RT : Incredible visit today at the new #AppomattoxVA. A must-see for all.
looks so cool. not feeling the tremble makes me tremble. Life can be scaring-boring at times, making me afraid I am not living
i suck! i don't even know who's up. :(
welcome to Twitter!
good. I'll send what I recorded tonight, so you can hear it. I'm getting more comfortable every day.
if you don't want me to think wrong then don't remind me to think wrong...
truthfuly those are the folks im talking about
I'm so tired of this I should've just did it when I had a chance
you too Andrew.
i'm old.
Transcribing focus groups SUX!!! Okay. Back to #scholarship ... Jus needed a moment! I'm good now. ;-)
Well said, until now with the full-court press of #GOP wingnuts defunding #education & busting
ha that's funny I was reading ur book today welcome to dead house :-)
Haha Damn Network. I Sent Em At Like 10Sumn.
strange! Do you have a FB vanity URL?
Cant make it nvm...and hit marshall up on fb and get the details cause ima be outta town wit ma'dukes.
Sometimes I wish I knew if we were going somewhere, all this jealousy thing gets out of hand for us not being together yet.
Good to know that!!! BTW, what's your daughter name and how old is she ?
Take everything in stride.
and beer. RT : Edge looks pretty rounded. You'll need a file and a nice afternoon.
What's up B... lol
Awww heard they had to kick you off for all of your fab spelling-- #smartymcsmartypants GRT 1st stage exp!
the most brilliant minds in govt and science see no common component: they are mystified!
The speed of the leader is the speed of the gang. - Mary Kay Ash
Oh, printer problems. You'll be the death of me.
Leaving town already? Nice to meet you all.
Love it!
On a more serious note i need to stop procrastinating
Another beautiful day! <3
So supposedly I have to sit in on some meeting, or something like that, I'm tired though! -_-
Happy mother's day to every mother out there. I love you.
Just heard a squirrel is caught in a power transformer on the police scanner, and I hope you're okay
Just heard there is now a Nandos pretty much in my old uni at Greenwich. If that that been opened while I was there I woulda got a 3rd.
Cute is what they aimed for, gay is what they got.
When's the last time we told you all that you're awesome? Because you are!
Lakers/Clippers >>>> your team
Then when are we going to hear from Coach Shurmur? If he was talking to the fans during the offseason we wouldn't bother MH
Whoa whoa.. is making some updates to my eyes.. I may be getting a new pair of colored eyes! I like where he is going with this
i know. they make me wanna buy them and take them home and knit them sweaters & teach them how to shake!
How is tomorrow only Monday? #sigh I need more eps to rewind!
2012: cool story bro 1886: interesting tale my fine companion
I will get Steven's most prized possession back from his ex. Can't believe she still might have it! Estúpida.
I've been on this bands stickam since 8 or 9! It's currently midnight! I think I have a new fav band!
#cl315 "And why should not my cheeks be starved and my face drawn?" (33)
Brewers with a WALK OFF win.
Go Bucky! RT : Our Road to the Final Four begins NOW! Good luck, Bo and and #ONWISCONSIN!
The best relationship is when you can act like lovers and bestfriends at the same time...
And Zoe is a star in the rest of the season of Game Night! You get to see her in the promo at the end of Ep 1!
911 is America 's day to come together and remember!!!
Some Chipotle sounds good too.
Save me a taco!
thank you very muchh
my right knee won't stop TWITCHING!
I dont appreciate being challenged on things when all steps were tried & communicated, & someone stares at it for 10minutes & puts their
Yay! What's that mean?
RT : good win fellas... This is a good feeling..
maybe it's a nudge towards a style change or (insert private joke), just a feud ;-)
Let your past make you better, not bitter.
": "do u work for the news or ru just a really dedicated dad?"" Lol never heard that one before!
I'm so confused thanks..
JERSEY SHORE #YEAHHHHHHBUDDYYYYY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
it's my last one before I leave!
its okay ^__^
Looking outstanding :)
Ugh, can't sleep. I have an interview at ten and im up on twitter lol.
great I am loving it here :)
Can anyone recommend a good architectural and/or engineering firm in Little Rock, Arkansas?
Aww , Just making sure , cos i'm here !
yow wake up play game with coysin you zeet
what an amazing day! CONGRATULATIONS chasing! Now you ladies go out and celebrate! It's my holiday you know!
Somebody check on RG3. Please.
So not ruling out LT. RT : Lovie Smith on where Chris Williams will play: "We have options with him."
mama netty got our tickets :) ....my sister so juiced she get to see !
I'm dating the only guy on the planet who can't work a remote. I thought using a remote was a genetic requirement in men. I was wrong.
I just love waking up sick
returning to the world of PATO
All right, I'll send one over.
didn't know you played violin!
Hope everyone has a productive day!
Could not be said any better than that! :)
retweet that thing !!
Everyday is not about cleaning...
": Thinking bout that decision I have to make, it's not easy". What is it...masterbate or video game or nap??
"A tree is known by its fruit." (Zulu)
Don't mind if I do! (thanks for sharing.)
no better feeling in the world than finding that box of favorite summer dresses you thought you accidentally sent to Goodwill
Hanging out with the guys tonight. Getting ready to play Soma tomorrow night in SD and the Victorville event center sunday night!!!
Funny, but this was almost funnier without the photo!
The Greece situation will get worse before it gets better.
How awesome r u guys! Just getting the word out, businesses that need more exposure retail, restaurants startups contractors etc.,
So how are we supposed to learn when all you do is yell at us for sitting wrong.... Teachers<<<<
Go to tonight at 6:30pm for a #DonationBasedYoga class benefiting LASPCA. Enjoy yoga in the courtyard at sunset w/ a live DJ
Thanks to our listeners & guests for another amazing show last night. We are on every Wednesday 9-11pm(pst) on RADIOKOLAMERICA.COM
This is where my heart takes over.
I want to go out with you Saturday night. I have an urge to get drunk and be bitchy to people.
Thought for today: Be yourself. There are enough other people. Keeping it sweet!
A2: Even though I live here I'm not a Jags or Gators, but I respect Tebow a lot. Jville on a whole is awaiting his return.
Saturday is National Drink Wine Day. Fine, but when, in the name of is National Drink Gin Day?
Hoping Peyton Manning doesn't go to the Titans. Isn't that where #Colts go to die?
So crazy.. IT. JUST. MIGHT. WORK.
After a great night @ the " GOT MARGARITAS" event, we are now giving you the "MOJITO CRAWL" ! ! ! ! When: Saturday June 18th - meet at 430p…
Finally got a new phone!!
Wife and I had our first class for becoming foster parents for special needs children. Exciting and scary all at the same time. :)
Glad things are back to normal
RELEASING A NEW TRACK TONIGHT! SPREAD THE WORD!
AVN is not even the same show I remember it being. Not just new venue but just different vibe all around. That and no dancing
watching! I'd love to know which character you all relate to the most!
An invincible determination can accomplish almost anything and in this lies the great distinction between great men and little men
Insane Sushi Thursday. Rolls starting at $5 featuring DJ Fred X! We definitely think you deserve the night out!
Come see Seth and AyJay at icefest tonight! Going to be rad :)
I swear... It's a h8ter at evry corner I turn.
Keep a smile on your face and a song in your heart. Be thankful everyday for life. And discover the beauty of being on the water!
I want intimacy more than anything.
Uniformed sailors today are training in the midwest navy region naval base, a considerable amount of talented sailors come from the midwest
I wont hurt you.
Gonna have to stop listening until Martin is back. I'm devastated :(
To all the NYPD who are beating people senseless... Remember how out-numbered you are. I'm sure you'll be reminded soon too.
He deep stroke, and make me bite my fist.
Hi again Julie! We are looking into your problem right now and will contact you with info ASAP!
Our Anniversary today <3! Starting 3 months(:
It's warm again outside, isn't it..? Goddamnit, new Orleans. Just goddamnit.
There's nothing we can do to fight the power of sin on our own -
that's what I thought... I'll consider canceling your beat down if you pimp us to your friends.
OAA's today... That puts me in a good mood. Not.
As someone who was a contractor for years, that attitude makes me twitch so bad.
LOVE IT
Thanks for sharing! Are there any #nonbinary or #genderqueer YouTube collab channels?
I feel bad this special needs kid and her dad came in for an app she filled it out n her dad pulled me to the side n asked me to toss it out
I'm not even 18 and apparently I'm an Adult!! Hehe x
MT – Content precedes design. Design in the absence of content is not design, it’s decoration.
You put your arms around, and I believe that's easierfor you to let me go...
con't I made this decision for ME and I am aiming for HEALTHY - and hips and tits are slowly going too - and I look BETTER
nope, I'm with you!
check you DM
yeh I did !!!! lol thats y I said I will freak out if someone fone rings with all this screaming lol
Welcome to Instagram, Android users!
They have "top tweets" selected rather than all tweets.
I'm sorry, that just doesn't add up.
Bright Star Church knows how to have CHURCH!!!! Jeeeeeeezzzzz!!!!!!
they scare the shit outta me
hoping we stay in contact :-)
oh for sure, but pitfalls being what they are..."hips don't lie" to quote shakira.
tell ralph to get on twitter, if not i'm gonna be a mad person.. haha
Would love to hear more about this research.
Back when I was a kid, The only 'fake' friends I had were invisible ones.
hahaha so true!!!
Hey man! You should forreal do another stickam or ustream this weekend.
We follow your blog :-)
Her Facebook name is Miax Ioncare Mhp if you have her as a friend please tag her, if not add her so you can tag her.
another Miami Packers fan! Quite the rarity.
Tweet from my site.
This show is soo freakin cool I love it
You know id fall apart without you
Weekend without the 'rents >
Let's get some sort of result! Come on boys..
hey how are u doing
Can't wait for the "These Days" video shoot this Sunday!!!
Seriously need a break.
I'm a sucks for a female in a sundress
Watching the developments on the crisis in Haiti. I feel personally tied to this news story since my husband is Haitian.
I'm in the mood for bbq ribs.
I think airlines should let you exit the plane on the inflatable slide on your birthday.
Merry Christmas to you too!
Come down to te Euclid Tavern in Cleveland Fri Sept 30 for our live event! Just added local band Airwaves Ignite to the party list!
hella busy today. people are starting to sign up for the emails make sure you do also. hope you all are havin great days
that video is from last week
q2 - install programmable thermostat
Now: Sheela Jane Menon on Malaysian sense of masculinity
ok dr.phil
Nothing makes me happier than walking up to my car and finding a note on it. Shoutout to for making my day better after that test
Avoid having your ego so close to your position that when your position falls, your ego goes with it. - Colin Powell
Finna text my brother .. Feeling kinda :/
Hide ur wife,ur kids,hide everything
You are wearing an OSU tshirt drinking a miller lite pitcher at 4 in the afternoon no you're not too girly
it was the whole 'what we hear'. So... you're saying u weren't actually there to see he was inconsistent? Got it. Lol
Hey Julie.
The profit will be donated to TABLE FOR TWO - providing school meals to children in Africa!
Why Mark Connor Resigned, Personal Reason #71: To audition for the role of Prop Joe in the Broadway adaptation of "The Wire".
the WSJ and Barron's need to stop the barrage of defamation against Warren Buffett over this whole Sokol issue. Warren did not know
RT : It seriously is just a matter of time before there's a year where the Vikings accidentally draft a golden retriever.
guard your happiness at ALL costs !!!! no :( faces over here hunnnnni !!!!
The first baseball game that I will be watching starts in 30 minutes, then I will be watching for the rest of the day.
My chief keef tweets> this 2chainz crap
Just plain Yogurt. RT Travel Movie: "Space Balls" John Candy, Pizza the Hut, an RV in Space. Gotta love it.
Yo I want to the Portal Doorway Shirt! Get it back in stock ASAP!!
Meet great #DNation runners this weekend at our first run with or at the & event on Feb. 9th!
Congrats! But I am glad your voice is sultry & sexier because of it. Ne Me Quitte Pas & Avec Le Temps melt me when u sing.
re: my last tweet. I vote Silicon Carriageway.
and he's straight
We're a trusted resource for facts, figures, analysis on key issues in college education today: prep/access, affordability, completion.
just do the right thing for christ sake
MY STEELERS WITH THE BEST POSSIBLE PICK AS ALWAYS.....THIS IS WHY WE ARE
Sales need to be prepared because time is currency! via
C**TY is #OneWordThatDescribesHer ... Ugh, she's so CATTY! #Gotcha!
Burnout them Shoulders get them ready for tonight in a nice V-Neck tee .. Need a lil #TLC <--
Favorite Picture Book Miss Rumphius
Great finish to USPGA not sure who I want to win both playing great golf. Just hope someone steps up & wins rather than it being given away
I'm sleepy but I don't want to sleep
yoi don't know. He could one say
TONIGHT IN ATL & FTL ITS NAUGHTY NURSES AND DIRTY DOCTORS .... PHILLY'S CELEBRATING SWING BREAK W/ FRAT NIGHT BYOB FOR BEER PONG & FLIP CUP
It's amazing how someone can break your heart, but you still love them with all the little pieces
jus woke up myself
sorry - but it'll be a pink court at the french - will be pink to celebrate something womanish.
stop embarrassing me
Don't nobody care about your bitch ass...your a sad excuse for a person breathing
There you go!
Thanks bro, doctors said everything is good.
theres snakes in the grass so i stay on concrete
Or you can just become a #bengals fan and find out first hand! u do realize you got my hometown dawg
Interactive kid shows are so annoying, shut up Steve we know you see the damn clue.
If you're stressed, close your eyes and imagine your favorite place in the world to be in and be calm wherever you are like at a empty beach
not much, just staying home and relax. You?
Hey Ryan, Happy New Year from Bermuda. It's New Years here already. If you can give us a shout out. All the best buddy! Peace!
Curious- what kind of theatre do you present and how big is the venue?
Bar specials Wed-Sat 25% off all Wines by the Glass, and all starters are $5 except antipasti platter.
We are interested in elevating our own voices and will make it happen thanks to other concerned parties
I love my mentees! Three cheers for Group 4 of the Artist Mentor Program
Thanks for the call! (Any (comm) port in a storm?) We're good, but 6 blocks make all the difference; streets closed all around.
no other way
Anybody else watching the NBA All-Star festivities this weekend?
thanks so much!
here's a good one "did you qa that before going to production?" "of course; I mean I loaded it in my web browser once." for real
Rondo definitely does NOT deserve a suspension for that love tap on the ref.
Couple more days left..
Women are so slow
I wish I had a older sibling
hook me up I need another bottle. Addicted to
Not Fitting in is the New Way of standing Out!!!!!
It's called hypocrisy. The GOP accumulated hundreds of billions in debt before Obama ever took office.
Let the nerds hate
First football practice tonight! Coed, not powder puff. Not quite sure what I've gotten myself into..
was unstoppable in his prime. I just watched him drag the kings in the 01 playoffs. He did the same to the Nets in the 02 finals.
www.WeBeGreater.com SF > LA T-shirts. January promotion - $5 off your order. Use coupon code WeBeJan at checkout. Go #SFGiants !
Listening to interview w/ Not sure my generation really grasps the level of genius
I thought telemarketing was a thing of the past?!
watched online but wasn't the same!
I would like to say tech. As far as politics... When you grow up in D.C. like an myself. Politics is a joke :/
I am the updated new negro.
Floyd set to make 100 mil on this fight biggest payday in boxing history!
In honor of Napoleon....
You look like AC Green, Bitch don't call here anymore
What are people's experience with dynatrace? Seems to give limited DB statistics though picking out the bind variables is nice
Suggestion – Second, Pupils also enlarge when people are talking about things that bring them joy or happiness.
;-) got to look out for him
Home Depot co-founder stresses philanthropy for businesses - The Brandeis Hoot
Many new followers today. Welcome! Media team back to full staffing next week when joins us. Pls call on us if we can help.
Pumpkin chili = delicious
So I'm 21 today, finals are done with til monday....What do I do now?
“: "is that girl out of my league?" "you don't have a league, you're a musician."” so so true!!!! Haha
I know //: haha I guess that's how Dustin Rolls (:< lol
The fam takes on a dessert called... "Chocolate Perversion"
Happiness held is the seed; Happiness shared is the flower. -John Harrigan
Lita Ford & Ozzie? :)
My english class started wit 36 ppl....now there's only 10 of us <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
": So whats with that weave? LOL I go to a ratchet ass school." thats what i be saying.haha!
My parents were sexy mfkrs when they were young. Thats why i'm milking my looks now :)
I can't believe just got me with #aprilfools. Time to go to sleep in CA and wake up to the 2nd - free of dumb pranks.
Where my followers at
Awesome! Thanks! :) RT : I just got 15 pictures. So now I have 18 pictures! Guess whose uploading at 3AM (PST)? ME! #GetStoked :)
I usually prefer tall, dark & handsome.
I'll be there... late, most likely!
Can't wait for this!
Ronnie Lee Twist and the Future Cats getting ready to do Rockabilly show at The Vintage Car show Bellevue Nashville! My first tweet!
So thankful to be feeling better tonight. God is good all of the time. I praise Him whether I'm in pain or feeling well. :-)
The elements of a purpose filled life are joy, peace, forbearance, kindness, goodness, faithfulness, gentleness and self-control. #Gal522,23
same. My aunt is in her mid 50's. We were joking around & I said I wish i was just a groomsmen. Im good at full scale productions
Goodnight and Goodbye - Jonas Brothers
#NFL owners just voted to ratify a proposal for a new cba, we could be an hour away from the end of the #lockout!
": Early & Often" obviously not talking about catching the ball
Such a boring night
Tonight's the night! #UrbanIslandParty starts in t-minus 8 hours!
Yeah me either... Almond milk? :)
Harriet Fulbright College organizes each year various activities but its picnic is the most famous one.
The fresh feeling I get from creating can't be compared to any other!
theres something I've always wanted to tell you.
how about war on G.S.A. lets talk about that..thats a talking point
lol I meant I'd twitter after dark to you first. I'll hold off tho. Come nap wiff me
kinda cool and overcast, but ill deal ;)
My friends ask me why I love you & I showed them ur freestyle.. Yepp im pretty sure they're watching ur videos nonstoo now.
happy birthday :)
aww good! Lol but ill Miss him climbing & jumping all over me haha
If you a top notch bitch lemme hear ya holla!
we beat you twice this year tho....twice.
im glad to hear that :) dont worry im not trippin just hit a brotha up once in a while
The Hunger Games sounds like the title of a stupid reality show on TLC about anorexic people who do extreme sports.
When we hit 300 followers, we'll #giveaway a free copy of the journal to 5 of the 300 - please share w/ friends to get us there faster
Who wants to go to the beach?
Big Sean verse is fire on that Burn track
College = No Parents. Grad School = Responsibility. Enjoy the two extra years!
just making twitter-verse conversation
Miami got exposed. No depth, streaky shooters, not a great rebounding team. And they still suck in a halfcourt offense.
check out the new PPI website at www.ppipoker.com
This headache <<< <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Note to teens: Rachel made a
why does everyone feel like they have to swing at the first pitch they see in a big spot?
By a tranquil mind I mean nothing else than a mind well ordered.
Come on down to the BOA Rink for Indie Arts Fest. Free roller derby bout: Robots vs. Zombies at 5:30 pm on 7/31!
On the road to Charleston, SC, for a show with the New Music Collective, after a great night in Greensboro NC.
A very happy belated to miss ! She's directing/producing 100TH MONKEY EFFECT this April - auditions later this wk
Come see us for lunch AND dinner on Thursday for Dining Out For Life to benefit Great cause!
so nice meeting you! I love your little pup!!!!!
Looking forward to being at AAM in Minneapolis next week!
Take a break from the summer heat & join us for Happy Hour from 4-7!!! 1/2 price glass wine, beer & cocktails!!!
Give the world the best you have and the best will come back to you. Madeline Bridge
"Lawyers and Revolution: Political Mobilization and Professional Power in Tunisia" Eric Tobe
RANDOM QUESTION: Since it's Presidents Day (and no one ever really cares), who is your favorite American president of all-time?
Have you heard of Thomas Place on University? We are leasing for Fall 2012! These great units have Tvs and soundbars! Call 612-703-RENT
If your not FUNNY...I will not tolerate you!.
awesome! It's been too long. I had no idea you had a twitter account.
When people tweet but don't answer texts #ouch lmao
Just about looked like we had ourselves a hockey fight in the #SportingKC game. That would of been AWESOME!
I give u glory i give u praise but the enemy did not triumph....
At checking out #tortoiseandblonde glasses while spins!!
el oh el.
She then tries to get back at me by goin to a niggas house at 4am....lol that shits crazy...
We are downtown at the Farmers Market today between 10 am and 1 pm! Stop by Market Square to visit and meet our new AmeriCorps members!
I'm currently developing scissors that automatically apply a soothing non itch aloe lotion specifically for trimming pubes.
our school it just awful -_-
Tiffany made me teriyaki chicken stir fry =]
PAYA in West Chester, PA will be starting an hour early due to weather issues. It will be from 11am - 2pm tomorrow 8/27. Hope to see you!
I've never actually priced picture books of the #academic variety...will have to search Amazon just to be informed :)
What do I do after school?
I'm still on the Shadam train, if not them I do want Adam to have someone, perhaps Eden - would make Michael's head explode
Dad took his girlfriend to the American Legion for breakfast. I'm at home eating strawberries and watching Premiere League in my PJs. I win.
havent laughed this much in a while :')
#icandothat change the world!
Shit hit the fan.
¤ The only place where success comes before work is a dictionary. Vidal Sassoon
Thats all I ask. hey maybe will wanna join us when we get olives tatted on our chips and whips?
Tonight's agenda for City Council meeting includes the 2012-13 budget recommendation, trash disposal services, report on downtown PAC & more
thanks man! Couldn't do it without fans like you! \m/
#2BeHonestJustcuzI get stuff before u don't mean I'm spoiled kmy birthday just comes a couple of days before Xmasgosh y'all
Idea: a USB cord that charges your iPhone from the power of your cycling on an exercise bike
so you can't text back? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
October 14th, San Francisco. I shouldn't be this excited about running 13.1 miles, but I am. All signed up for the NWM!
Dear hipster with your 70s glasses and pedophile mustache- that look makes your flirt face predatory and creepy.
Never feels good enough for you ..
Hahaha. Ditto. Had to turn mine off. Notifications from NYT, WaPo, msnbc, CNN & USAToday apps were too much.
Special S/0 to all of the new followers who support
At school talking to some of my fav people =]
MIA is amazing! DJ up in the classical galleries, with an abundance of desserts!
I'm new to the vegan club and the chocolate protein is helping me stay energized! Huge fan :)
Alaska seems like an amazing and beautiful place :) would love to make it out there one day
Only a month til kickoff and the start of the Mike London era. Richmond vs. U.Va. - Sept. 4 at 6:00.
Thanks dude! RT :
On your birthday, I'm thinking of you and the cake I would jump out of for you.
Thank you for following. I am sending you a direct message shortly. Take care.
Sake bombs !
#FirstWorldProblems RT That was the most disappointing McFlurry from E.P. McDonald's I've ever eaten. Literally zero mix in.
Come on Capitals you can do this. <OVER THE LIMIT12>
Gosh, I think I heard Picasso scream as loudly as Munch.
YES RT : Going to a Ted Nugent concert/hate speech today... Do you think a pro-Obama t-shirt is a good idea?
good to see you guys too! Good luck on the rest of finals! Praying for #Younglife camp too!
Loving the Derby Collection!
My dad is the most annoying person ever!
thats ratchet as hell...well i enjoyed your videos and like micheal said u were gone to soon.lol!
Come on, man! Huey's got those golden pipes! Huey Lewis and the News > Train
imy too buddy! Text me!
#ItsHardTo love someone who loves you too much #toneitdownnegro lol
Girl, I was nearly shaking I was so nervous!
RT : Are you a C21 #VIP Loyalty Member? RT this if you are!
3.8 trillion bottles of beer are expected to be consumed to make Madonna's #SuperBowl halftime show tolerable.
Don't sit around and wait for an opportunity to happen to you, make it happen yourself, by getting out and doing it :)
you are my AI!!!The best! Superstar! keep going. You don't need Idol to be a star!!!
I think that's ok as long as you haven't worked for a company that cuts down the rainforest to build condos and strip malls.
Uff baby u make me smile more and more each day!!":)<33
Just sitting here watching RT or follow or tweet people and im sitting here like #foreveralone :/
I really should be doing something productive than eating apricot stilton and watching football.
Obsessed with "Cry" by Kelly Clarkson <3 So much emotion put into the song.
i'm really craving some delicious Coney Mckanes pie today!
lol that was going to be my second guess!
Don't miss FuseBox Theatre: The Craigslist Show - this Saturday at 8pm at Cafe Coco. 2-for-1 tickets at fuseboxtheatre.com/secret
new rule: xmas music shld not be played on radio until after thanksgiving... just saying!
So I might be an uber loser nerd who is overly excited for her clock/scale she just got from Ikea!
Super late night at the office and I'll still get home earlier than I used to.
Yes (: Got 2 more songs for this tape!
never know what's ur gonna get
thank you for sharing! Hope to see you there!
It's good to be back! ;-)
Telling someone "I had a dream about you" is code for: I had a dream we fucked and now I want to.
Spent the afternoon at Flowers, bees & butterflies... already! And lots of photos taken. Bliss.
okay i just have this weirdd feeling...ima get this twitter to 250 followers by tonight<3
Shhhh! Don't tell anyone. It is between you and me.
I figured I should tweet more. So... here it is!
Yes !! Same here always!! Until next time <3!
is loving this beautiful day.... Though a lil negativity was thrown at me, i conquered and today is Fabulous!!!!!!!!!!
Sometimes it scares the hell out of me that time will never go back.
Friday the 13th is your lucky day -
Ironically no GOP politicians claiming to be "the most Pro-Life candidate" mention their rush to war or love 4 the death penalty
Good Fight, Mayweather is gonna win it.
Hopefully or Rachel Crow will win Xfactor since Drew gone :(
": Even more important than the warmth and affection we receive, is the warmth and affection we give."
Y'all I'm so dang hungry!!
Can any guys tell the difference between air or blowed dried hair??
Thanks to everyone who came out tonight for the concert. We had an amazing evening of worship!!
I beat the pussy up!
I feel like that most of the time.
At the club with !
Refreshingly few iPads at this conference.
Ordered my couches! Interview tomorrow.. So far so good :p
desire to finish school, become a millionaire, travel the world, or to save the lives of millions, if you have passion, you will succeed!
Started my morning running barefoot in 20* weather after the city tow truck... since I kind of made my own parking spot last night :/
yes i do
If u gonna complain about how I do something, don't ask me to do it first place. Do it yourself next time.
RT : just finished Robert K. Elder's () The Film That Changed My Life. so so so good.
I've added easy to follow links and info to The Right Side of History on my website. Please check them all out and help!...
definitely the third house
Super grumpy today for no apparent reason. Blah.
WMYB IS ON AGAIN!!! Bam! Third time in one car ride haha
You can close your eyes, don't worry. I'll still be here in the morning. <3
Side note: a female reddit isn't going to help women get their voices heard. Separating women out just widens the gap.
i cant tell..2 busy w/this hubby, that i cant wait 2 meet..when r yall coming to the ATL
Had lunch with a gal from yesterday (Hi Lauren!) -- they're just awesome :)
Ever feel like you're the only one in the world not getting penetrated at a particular moment?
If I ever fart so hard that I get a heart-attack the headline should say: Hart's fart made his heart not start
“ “ If money grew on trees then i'd go rake leaves <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0081>””
#FF recommendations More of our gr8t #ClearedJobFair customers You are the best!
sleepin in on a monday >
Trained the "baby sharks" today at Davis Wright Tremaine LLP
On my way to the compound in ATL. Maybe i'll go see what big boi and andre 3000 are up to.
I've always wanted to go to Vermouth.
What up Fam?!
How does "posting notices" on the "wrong ends" of electromagnetic networks -- the poles -- create communication archives?
Sf resident just asked how austin weather is. I said violent! Lol
Im a girl that dont care alot of things,i do stupid things and i make mistake sometimes.
RT LOL&inspiring! Nothing is unachieveable if you are prepared to work psychotically hard. Marie R.
I have so many books! It's kinda frightening. We've castle of books, many hold things long forgotten.
Aww thanks for your kind words! Thanks for supporting the movement
Awesome day already! New commercial! Class, finished my dance combination, test and no parking ticket!Thank you Universe!!! Life is good!!
: That's 3pm MONDAY in RWC.
A home theater or a surround sound patio would be an awesome way to make mom smile!
$GOOG doesn't say there's no such thing as a right to display snippets; just that it's #fairuse in search context.
In the city you go home. In the country you are home.
Three burritos? Dang son. That's a lot of beans...
If Tea Party protesters were pepper sprayed, arrested and detained, how would the media respond?
": got ya girl wet; super soaked her !"
that could have been a bonus for her. ;)
"#O4L: One thing the devil cant manipulate is your integrity.. Dont sacrifice it for any cost!!!" #Killuminanti #Black jesus
Installed new brakes on my bike by myself for the first time. So if you don't hear from me ever again, there you go...
twitter.com/howardkurtz does a George Plimpton - has a star turn in film as a blogger, including a v memorable scene with
Tonight, we JAM. Join us as brings the funk for a good cause tonight with Chicken Wire Empire!
RT Hey baby why don't u come over to Myspace. I'll let your Twitter my Yahoo until I Google all over your Facebook.
I think you should follow me? (:
Not sure why gets mad about being trolled when he spent his week trolling Clay Travis.
I just wanna cry and be with my dadd forever....
Happy Thanksgiving all! Enjoy the football games and the turkey.
Thanks! RT : The annual Zombie crawl is this Sat- trying to break a world record - wonder what I could do to promote that event?
Stomach hurts going to bed early :-)
Not really but kind of.
Thanks for the follow! Would love to chat , social media, and SD with you sometime
We wish to thank all who have served in the Armed Forces. We honor you today and every day and thank you for your service.
Don't mess with my turtle shell.
No bullshit drama, I'm just going to do me and live it up tonight!
so I bought into the buzz about the FuelBand API. Asked a question and got a blend answer: No public API. How about an early beta?
same here.
why doesn't Andie Graph in the android market support Ginger version ?
when are you going to the library?
Thank you God for this BEAUTIFUL day!!
See, this is why I'll never be a Seahawks fan. Go #STEELERS!
About to ease on down the road to Nectar.
I think I just found the quietest place on earth and it's not the library? Any guesses? Hints to come...
follow Cali D. Productions
Woo! Looks great!
Classy and handsome just like him. Can't wait!
I'm appearing on the Maintaining & Managing Your App panel today at Mediabistro's Publishing Expo - See you there?
(3/6) Sticker-shock analysis of "that's a high number and it's therefore too high" is not a useful way to analyze finances.
tonite.tonight.730pm 4 new songs and one not new song :) see you there!!1
Not going to be at #ImagineRIT? Watch this account Saturday. We will be tweeting about all the coolest events all day long.
Alex's remake video of nice guys ... Is like replaying in my head ... (; -Ally
Cats are cute(:
Can someone please explain how is leading a war against Marriage?
I really want to see #dictator when it comes out!
The real costs of owning a car When buying a car, think beyond the purchase price. To understand a car's real cost, take into account how
and now you retweeet your sister
I wanna go to a tractor pull this summer. They are surprisingly entertaining
Damn Pierce.
can these people next to me on the metro stop making out...
Were inviting you to come to our Sushi & Champagne Dinner Party Saturday Night at 9:30.
I worry that Mitt Romney is a robot or sociopath. <robotvoice> "These work units must be...eliminated"
Requesting "So Many Girls" by on
Here We Come will rock Tonight #Wicked :D
Heading to the #budlightplatinum party tonight at Midland.
What you doing!!
seems so long ago. these 4 have had such a stranglehold on the top 4, it really is crazy.
Tonight's menu: pan seared jerk tilapia w/ peas & rice.
just been sick, trying to recover...you.?
TY for following us.
waching the voice
Sunny, chilly morning, might need a Vanilla Mint Latte with a Blueberry muffin for breakfast.
Dressing up homophobia as racism . . . Yuck!
WTH - going on vaca tomorrow and now my nose starts acting like i have a cold. Not today germs and allergies GO AWAY!!!
absolutely. And it is a huge shift for many teachers to let go of control and become master learners.
got kidnapped by George Bush. He took you to yo grandma house
me nd the girls hittin club ice tonight <3
Daniel Franklin at #ideaseconomy: I am routinely optimistic about the US economy and it's ability to reinvent itself.
Please tell me you guys had a good week of Practice!
The Avengers was awesome! Loved it all the action is amazing! :)
Weaseling out of things is important to learn. It’s what separates us from the animals…except the weasel.
Wtf Im starting to trip out.! O.o
Relationships fail not because they are destined to fail. They failed because one of the two or both, made a choice to give up.
I'm glad you're happy! Start drinking coffee in the morning. It will curb your appetite and promote digestion.
can't today - love to tomorrow...
It's kind of stupid that he would lie like that... it only makes him more enemies lol.
OMGawd. I love you Jason, I needed this for my MJ biography. :-)
I used to defend #Bryz, but #Flyers are back square one, goaltending. #FlyersTalk.There is no possible way homer can bring him back
Twitter is lame, and the funny part is it looks cooler than Facebook. But, I think Facebook just has that cool ashy look to it. haha. ;) lol
thanks for the
Wanna cuddle with the love of my life right now..
Making collections calls
Been to the desert lately? My favorite time of the year in the far east county - lots of dry heat and great deals at places like the Palms.
The Laps Around the Lake event has been canceled tonight because of the rain.
I swear I'm about to break this Mario Golf disk. Tiger Woods would go +10 on this stupid level.
yo Life when u gonna record the track I sent u from Left Field
With and having a blast
Want to compost? Learn the basics with Jeremy Brosowsky at 1:55 pm. At the DIY salon on the farm field!
Maybe I'm just getting too old for comedy. It's getting harder to make me laugh. I've heard it all already~
shit. This BETTER happen...I won't tell Chad. Shhhh.
REMINDER: 30TH APRIL MY EPISODE ON THE HAUNTING HOUR AIRS ON THE HUB NETWORK!! I PLAY A ROBOT!!! U GUYS EXCITED?
Q3B: Dark for hubby, milk for kid and me
Borrow a truck from for that weekend home improvement project.
What do you do after a successful month? I'm going to Disney! We are on our way to take little man to see Mickey.
May the 4th be with you :)
Candlebox - Believe In It by amazing song!!!!! can't wait to hear the new album
Look forward to your tweets!
My dog ate my copy of the Alinea book! Well the cover...
great to see you at the Madison East store event with Randall Cobb yesterday!
i seen him in it and i was like ah marry me NOW !
This is gonna sound so gay, but when will someone decent actually like me?
Working on social media cohesion... thank Gaea for tweetdeck!
Sanzenbacher a german name? Sans meaning without. Bacher mean Backing. So really its German for Cutler than right?
Phone, iPad, and Computer all charging, all in preparation for #wcphilly day 2!
I'm sexy and I know it.
Haha. Well I look forward to it!
I never thought i'de miss you.
Broken foot, torn ligaments and tissue damage. . . #gohardorgohome uuuggghhhhh :(
When following someone on twitter or FB, etc... do you prefer: 1. To be entertained 2. To be informed3. 3. To be overlooked.
: Thanks for the retweet! We're so excited to partner with for this year's Real Food Campaign!
i found obama!
I dream of purchasing the purple animal Dyson. I talk to it in stores as if it can hear me.
Far too excited about these things, but realized that w/ AirPlay mirroring, you can watch Hulu+ from iPad2 through AppleTV2. Now on to Wed!
lol ikr. I just want some wings. And chill with the names
holy shit the twitter account totally doesnt make their "religion" look/seem like a blatant cult/scam for idiots. (sarcasm.)
Sarah Jane had sonic lipstick. Maybe it's pink?
Thank you !
don't sweat the technique
Dear colleagues, if you really want me in 12 back to back meetings today, bring me iv hydration.
But that's illegal!
That's what I keep tellin people
The service you do for others is the rent you pay for the time you spend on earth.
"Nothing can add more power to your life than concentrating all your energies on a limited set of targets."
can't wake up... this calls for drastic measures... Misfits Away! Static! Static! Static!
Just bought a domain name via
Keep the faith brother...keep the faith.
Happy BIRTHDAY!!! I think the rain is supposed to go away!
What a slamming night I'm rockin salt is making this kitchen smell so good. I the way thanksgiving smells!
Next Wednesday is CENTER CITY SIPS! Come to the Wrap Shack as we blow it out of the water with these awesome Specials: $5 Cocktails: Don ...
Come to JH025 tonight for 's last meeting of the year!
did people show up? How was it? I feel rusty -- haven't trained since Nov
same here :/
It's cold and rainy in DC. How about a little "I've Change My Plea to Guilty"?
Tommy I still refuse to acknowledge such a substance with a name.
She was spread eagle for a good 20 minutes. It was adorable . Oddly enough.
I have noticed, if you drive the speed limit everywhere you go, it takes a lot longer to get to where you're going.
“: Okay, I'm doing it. Watch CNN Saturday Morning (tomorrow). I promise to say at least one inappropriate thing.”//Yep u did!
You so need to market that
So much work! So little time.....
What's Goody Out-there Vi-Life People!!! It's Another "Fabolous Friday" Let's Get It In!)
Observing at a school for 6 hours today #fallbreak more like
Right?!? RT Wait Sheriff ! Don't go!
yea dats watsup so wat r u up to
wait, you know i can't go to the jmoms right? :( my mom wont let my go without my sister...
I doubt it but thanks.
where did you get this? "There is a huge gap between reality and its possible representations..."? Anyone? Speaks to my soul.
Have to cancel our plans for tomorrow morning w/ my boo sorry but me dont feel well anymore :(
hey lucky! yeah i shouldve done the same, but i never filed. oh well and oh i just myspaced u! lol (low life i know)
Woo ha
Finally at the barber tho getting dis hawk redone
Not done yet, but tonight was tough and will be hard to bounce back from. Hoping somehow it's a Yotes/caps final.
I see $12 section 443 Row J for 2-14 tickets on stub hub
I saw that last night
it looks like your "pneu" chocolate cake from that angle!
Wrong turn still freaks me the f***k out
Tyler Penny Can!
Sometimes people can be to nice, then they regret their decisions
easy. They're on a rapid release cycle now. There was nothing wrong with v4. :-)
Gearing up for on Aug. 28. Announcing participating chefs, breweries, wineries soon! www.digindiana.org
we'll we definitely have to get a beer, well be in Germany! ha! Gabe's working on his speeches right now. See you there! :-D
ok..and stop eating so much Chinese food
Blinn/Galveston is now live. 4 of their 5 games this season went down to the final inning. So you might want to listen before u go to sleep
0-0 after the first half... Mexico is getting the majority of possession, but Honduras is playing very well defensively...
Hii...Great I Cant Get Into My Account Again=(
Spent evening with Alexander Manu, as he discussed Disruptive Business: Desire, Innovation and the Re-Design of Business. Fascinating guy.
I'm a fast runnaa
haha yes imma write another rap.
in the line up yes, face offs not really, Beagle would've got much more ice time then Halpern did
Landmark #sandiego bay cleanup on brink of approval.
whats up!!!! What color was you?????
haha fuck yes! RT Damn I thought I had a good sticker!!! See you soon for some shenanigans?
Found this Dave Matthews quote in old notes: "It's not like the death of the record company is gonna kill music. It's going to kill them."
koo I'm off at 2
#baby sleeping, Steve Wilkos Show in TV, all I need now are donuts.
was just thinking about that phrase - kicked the can down the road - that used to be a fun game, not a bad thing, right?
thanks bro, appreciate it!
cannot wait until summer...it's going to be a good one!
only a fool makes foolish remarks..............but not only an ass can have a hole
"First you take a drink, then the drink takes a drink, then the drink takes you." F. Scott Fitzgerald - Happy Weekend Tweeters!
Will the leftovers be coming to the Journalism Librarian's Lehman office? ;)
Every child deserves a chance at a life filled with love, laughter, friends and family. - -Marlo Thomas
Do audiences need to watch Titanic again & in 3D? Whose idea was this? James, you don't need the money. The exhibitors put you up to this?
Stop my Marvin Center lobby and Donate to the Whitman-Walker Clinic! We have cupcakes, brownies, condoms and info on HIV/AIDs!!
#BackInElementarySchool I shit my pants once or twice
Thank you for retweeting Friday's Facebook password article!
For anyone who missed new doc check it out at SVA tonight at 9:30!!
Camp Lazlo was the shit for a while...
I was only mad cuz of that but yet you make the biggest deal . Calm down . Ill live , but it cant always be about you .
... Is James there?
Thanks for the RT of my #MissYouDad tweet last night.
I am very davastated....and confused...I need to pull all the facts together and see what my choices are...
Umstead hike, full body massage and a tequila dinner!
Come hang out at the Mango reception free drinks folks
Say hi to & if you see them working their marketing genius out in Pewaukee today!
Ooooohhhhhhhhh he said she ain't got NO NIPPLES!!!!!!!!!
the geological reports for the LA regional connector are pretty interesting re the relative depth of bedrock.
So... This white boy just asked me did I get the new future album yet, lol
I wanna be on jerseylicious
Epic service tonight! If anyone missed it they really missed a treat!
Dworkin: looking for the inverse, ie what kind of language practices are produced by organized listening
sorry cant talk now, working on v important project wherein I transcribe all of eagles' greatest hits on tiny squares of paper w watercolors
Does Brad Pitt ever age? Doesn't seem like it
are you talking about the "Instant Personalization Pilot Program"
m tacos! send a pic!
It's a Creative Cause/Take Charge Indy type day
TWINS! WHY DO YOU NOT IBB AVILA TO GET TO RABURN!? HE'S A GUARANTEED DOUBLE PLAY!
Today was a great day!!
Always so cool when I return to twitter after a long absence, to see familiar folks - makes the world seem safe, yanno?
Tomorrow is my 5 year! Congrats! RT : 2mrrw is my 7 year anniversary 2 the beautiful
leave my boi alone!
The Battle of Florida has some of the TOP players from UM in the game. Jan .thebattleofflorida.com over 11 FL colleges
Some of our band will be working on on July 1st in Houston,TX for The Sunshine Project! So come help and see us!!!
depends. Where are you going to put it?
I feel the same way every damn time. It's infuriating.
Online and social #fitness is not boring, it's a shame the #sxfit panel was. Oh well.
Day 2 of WI, and I've eaten cheese curds, seen snow fall, made gravy from scratch--and I just ate cheese w/ bacon in it. Hello, Wisconsin.
Google calender has a new look! Time for me to purge my calender of old college relics I no longer need.
Congrats to alumna and adjunct professor Jennifer Kruschwitz, named 2012 Tech Woman of the Year by ! (via )
awesome site!
I need food w.e a mimir <3
Its opening day, but if you get downtown too early for the parade and need something to do, we're open 11-2.
RT this if you love me and every one else because we are your fans
based on the last four years, you and Obama have almost nothing, politically, in common. How is this this a good thing?
...Merry Christmas you and yer family also. Enjoy the holidays.
At the time, getting a dark red manicure seemed like fun idea. 4 days later w/2 major chipped nails? Not so much. Need polish change now. :(
WOO adventures!
Sitting beside at the thunder game
you can for me and my daughter bishop Hillard! I'm believing God for a break through w/her.
You Got To Sang Along.
Great story on how made his way into marketing world of sports w/ 's Fuel to Play60 & #NtlDairyCouncil at Priority's event
Exciting news! I am grateful for the opportunities ahead! Just one step closer, waiting on the final call. Fingers crossed.
I feel like giving away some Gabriel Iglesias tickets out now in the 7 @ 7 Countdown...turn on Kiss 97.3! #7 is Rihanna "Talk That Talk"
Thanks for the # FF and back at ya!
Oodles of Noodles.
I managed to somehow go through the process of switching my email to the new system only to find I had switched to the wrong system.
No signal on any of the networks and can't connect to any either. Could earlier. Will check in morning
Thank you for following me!! =)
My cat, who can read, just said acerbically, "and the problem with that is what?"
Good start. Began the day with some banjo, which is a tricky thing to do without waking everybody up.
yeah it's sad.
I'll come by sure brother
Ballet was so slow and lame, but the rest on the day was GREAT! ( : #Yay!
Dow says there's been division on current BOD
It's #TagItTuesday! Stop by Amazon & hit the like & "agree with tags" button for your fave authors.
Tonight at 7:30pm check out the recent film Facing Windows.
Girls growinq up TOO fast to be a dummie && boysNOT Growinq up enouqh to Be a man
Cool Tweeters to follow!
great/fun read. hope you're having to cook your hubby something nice tmrw! keep it rollin'.
Movie Review: Girl In Progress
A closed mouth never gets fed. Ask & you shall receive. "So I say to you: Ask and it will be given to you...." Luke 11:9
Hey, dude sitting in your car outside my house. Turn down the bass a bit.
It sucks when you lose someone you have who is a father figure/great brother & your bestfriend.. It sucks to have a hole in your heart..
if you can do it great if not we get it.
Nice roomate! Looks delicious.
lmfao. they stayed for at least an hour. maybe they wanted to sleepover...
great movie. Priscilla Queen of the Desert.
Anyone else kind of concerned that Kim Kardashian's sex tape lasted longer than her marriage?
I am leaving Twitter. I hate it, it's becoming ridiculous and I WANT OUT. You REAL friends of mine know where to find me. Love U Steven.
I don't like that I saw you for a minute yesterday! Can we have a baking date? Make pies and stuff... From scratch.
Jordan rose.
and need to come and get me and !!!!!!
#OhShizznettttt ! Congratulations on the win(:
dont talk to me.
Thank you very much!
WOW!!!! Just did a fullbody workout first time in about 2 months and I'm worn out. I can't go another 2 months before working out again.
Oh, how I miss brisket and hot links
#everytwittertimeline has that one person who is so FUNNY :)
I can't wait to see what you guys do after this. And also Im praying for a dh reunion movie or episode
oh I'm sorry Nancy. My thoughts and prayers to you and your family
“: Which liquor stores are open today in da county” go outside the county...no?
stressed like crazy.
The BCPSS leadership torpedoed a common sense plan for school construction funding and this is what we get? Baltimore deserves better.
RT “: Stevens has played 11 guys so far tonight...3 who haven't seen the floor are the 3 walk-ons”
is trumbo on track to be halos 3rd baseman opening night?
Interest rates on savings are extremely low, almost nonexistent. Your savings account is actually a loan to your bank, a free loan.
Give back to the community & Text to Volunteer!! :) text BCVOLUNTEER to 27138 to subscribe to text message updates.
It's one of those "just get through one more day" types of days at work. :-\
There's baseball at CONSOL Energy Park this week! 4/2: Trinity vs Thomas Jefferson @ 7 pm; 4/3: Penn State vs Greater Allegheny @ 2 pm
well I think the NYC context is a different beast, in denoms (Redemeer has this problem probs more than others) and nondenoms.
Not yet. I'm still looking. I ordered business cards to hand out. You can see at my pics if you'd like. Thx for asking. :)
your Nickleback trick didn't work. Line at Haileys = damn! Time for plan B
. Good work on the grades piece
last year we showcased some of our favorite neighborhoods and /
Eric Clapton Unplugged
Oh yeah
ON SALE??! Hell yeah, off the fence, purchasing now. aka #trendsetter. cc
I did not receive it. . Pls re-send it.
well maybe if you spent more time on adventures you wouldn't have to correct spelling on twitter
OMG WHERE?! I LIVE IN LA :O
that's just dandy that we agree
hell no lmao. And my bad <U+263A>
what high schools are in Johnson county? Olathe and Shawnee mission?
Experience is the name everyone gives to their mistakes. ~ Oscar Wilde
must see tv in 30 minutes! 48 HRS MYSTERY: FACEBOOK DETECTIVES on CBS!!!
And where is Waldo? I mean Bill ? continent jumping rocks.
RT : Derek is a versatile DT who plays with great intensity! He can do a lot of things for us on the defensive line.
haha yes they are so white (: or was that a norwal they have horns so no its the beluga wales that are white (:
T.T Guise. She no love me no moe.-A
im am what u talkin lol muahhhhh i feel better im ready to act crazy now i got hella energy
Need a haircut this week? Call Strange Beauty Show and get $10 off your cut (773) 252 - 9522.
Makeup Tip: Clean your mascara wands frequently....Ewe!
Griping about my tenant not giving me a 30 day noticed. 4 bed room house for rent.GRIPEABOUTIT.COM
WELL HELLO THERE :)
": Who up #Alone" always up hey
preparing my first live-slide session for tomorrow's #change11 talk: who knew blank slides took more prep? damn pesky questions.
T-5 hours until I am DONE with the semester. Pray my finals go smoothly today (3 of them). I am greatly anticipating this freedom!
I feel you there are only a hand full of ppl i trust ppl are fuckin dogs shit eating dogs
ok :P
miss you
Enjoy your time here in DC !
I have a story idea for ya for next week... DM me
Apparently I've reached the stage at which the Starbucks barista knows what I want without me telling him....
I love that it is like this!
Well your son will be known for having the"Hot Mom"
I ran today. Ten points for me.
the power fans at is all about F.U.S.E.
Grey's Anatomy. Oh my god lets just give me a fucking heart attack.
The WH's mysogyny is showing,and it's fear of self assertive citizen population, who are the ones that vote.
I'll take the under.
This man in Toyota just told this woman b/c her kids are 8 and 13 she must have had her kids at 16 b/c this is Memphis. Smh...
<U+270C>& Much <U+2764>. That's my motto, spread it.
whatever; professional standards should be free anyways
Damned If I Do And Damned If I Dont How To Fuck The World With My Chest Full Of Smoke.
Good morning :) may everyone have a good day!<3
thanks for the reward video today I was surprised but it was cool thanks again looking forward to the album
thats not cool and def not intentional
#Np GET YOUR ASS BACK HOME
I have lessons learned, not regrets.
WHAT ARE YOUR THOUGHTS OF PINKBERRY? A great tasting & healthy frozen yogurt with nonfat & lowfat flavors that are packed with live &...
It's a football score now at Marlins Park. 7-0. Dolphins over the Bears... Like that would ever happen.
my brother and fam is actually out there right now. U guys should connect before they leave.
Thank u :) #NF u back RT : Following
we play next Friday at Riverwest Public House, then we're going into hibernation for a while.
Began the school day with an essay about how cooking lobsters alive should be considered animal abuse. Ended the day with lobster ravioli.
Investigation into City Hall masonry may cost another $1.3 million
hey hows you? :)
Tomorrow night, join for a series of short #LGBT films, a part of
Applesauce and Starburst candies make for a well-balanced, totally legitimate lunch, right?
Had some delicious rice flour dumpling-like things in Hanoi tonight; hope the mystery meat wasn't dog.
No matter who tries ti teach lessons about life, u wownt understand it until u go thrugh it on ur own
I don't know. Maybe this I the kind of thing where they're all terrible in their own special way.
Just saw KE$HA at Lax!!!!!
Rewrote the entire upcoming DnD encounter. Maybe now the PCs will be "challenged" more. BWAHAHAHA.
Off to my favorite restaurant with my favorite person... That's YOU Pink Door! That's YOU Ian!
You're awesome!! Thank you so much! :)
one other note...a friend of mine went to the same high school you did..she graduated by the time you went there though..
Its gonna be one long day
Making a list of my stolen guitars from 2002 that I want to replace. My $800 Tele thinline? I found one. Over $2k. Thanks thieves!
Wishing a great day and hoping it's as lovely in Chicago as it is in D.C.!
Limitations live only in our minds. But if we use our imaginations, our possibilities become limitless. --Jamie Paolinetti
Sending thoughts and prayers to the family & friends of the Yaroslavl Lokomotiv hockey team & to former Brad McCrimmon. So sad:(
Exodus 22:2-23 "Do not take advantage of a widow or an orphan. If you do, and they cry out to me, I will certainly hear their cry."
Uhm...i think i should UNFOLLOW SOME PEOPLE. This is definitely not nicee at all.
Yep.. It's official. I'm dying. Why is my stomach hurting so bad?!?!
Best moment of my day.......... Watching on UStream <33333 #daycomplete!!!
": The A will be half empty this afternoon for game 1 of the playoffs #fact"< 13 fans......white shirts will cover the seats
Little Dragon and Damon Albarn duet
No time for bullshit
Good job!
Really successful day yesterday -- Thanks to for having us and !!
Dear twitter bootstrap havily-based and barely-customized websites. You look boring.
never give up...he might!
Looking to get your company's name out there in the Milwaukee area? Nalani has got you covered.
Very nice thus far... Keep it up :-)
The BoyfriendVideo is very good and has loved too much swag video Justin ... we love is very good. RT if you like!! LOvee Youu
Finishing up a grant and the first draft of our annual report today, gotta love Friday deadlines :)
You know, I've never been there, but I've heard good things. Will check them out soon. Thx!
iRealB is an app that will play your song in any key in different grooves and tempos. You can print the chart too!!! It's pretty awesome.
and so much for the follow! Happy Friday!! :)
RT : When the pain of suffering persists, God is still present. When the gifts we enjoy are gone, God is still good.
That's really great news. RE: "There was...no quarrels, no marriage problems...after 8 years of being on the road."
Listened to your new album love the song Mad Season! Thanks for hanging out on this morning.
Crazy ass night
and I loved the call tonight! Ad I'm loving the videos. SO wonderful! :)
Sluts get no respect.
everyone has a story but its those who you dont know that are worth listening to.
My day has been absolutely INSANE today, and its just noon! How has y'alls day been?
"If you build it, they will LULZ"
get anything at walmart? Other than crabs, of course.
The Man Behind The Shades Dreams of being on the Stage with What I Love About America see the Video ? touching Hearts across the world
when are you coming back to school??<U+2764><U+2764><U+2764>
If u let me have my way i swear i'll tear u apart!
thanks I'm trying.
Just got new tires on the truck. They were expensive but they look mean so its worth it I guess.
Those of us doing film to film preservation will be the last consumers of stock
Making Bun Bo Hue tonight fit dinner
NPR just reported that new al quaeda leader was almost not selected Because he is known to be abrasive in his mgmt style. I find that funny
Out and about? Want to be? Late Night Happy Hour at 10, $5 Drafts. Turn Tuesday into TUESDAY!
Watching master teacher cajole a student to take a risk by answering. So many aspects to teaching. Best PD= watching each other.
#ff One of the strongest forces in the world at the moment.
:yes there is definitley going to be a repeat next weekend.
Recorder charged, in hand, all prepped at while waiting for the fantastic Time to nerd out.
Great chatting with you. Thanks for sharing your thoughts as a person who READs -- a lot!
LOL, thanks for the input!
#DidYouKnow? #BHAG stands for Big Hairy Audacious Goal - A long-term goal that changes the very nature of a business’ existence.
Can't FOCUS today!
Big changes ahead for Facebook, thoughts? Lots of people threatening to leave for Google+?
Democrats should now target the Extreme Ultra conservative Obstructionist Tea Party, Indiana Republican Sen. candidate (Richard Mourdock)
Freezing right now but today is going to be great! It's my last day being part time and Taco Tuesday tonight! Margaritas!!!
I kinda hatw it whm ppl sat a celeb wuldnt date a fan like they r ppl were ppl y not the only difference is tht person is more known
TONIGHT! Chanel le Meaux is performing at ! No cover! 9p!
4 reminders / day to shoot. Capture a variation of the 'high 5'; 'the fist bump'. Every little bit of encouragement helps these days.
the bad part for the 99% is that we are lied to thinking that all people can be fooled, but we r a nation awakening!
right back at ya girl. super excited and super happy that something we talked about years ago has come to fruition! love U!
Goodnight and plz have a good sleep you need your voices.............lol
Ha! That is good. I think Sting would concur!
#2 Bro do you want to live a long life? Then Honor and Obey your parents at all times! #Brotips #GodlyBroTips Ephesians 6:1-3
I agree!! RT : Oh morning how you came oh too fast I was enjoying my dreams, how rude of you to interrupt
I can wait either! And Friday is the movie! :)
Next Friday it is, unless someone objects. Bring whatever you'd like. Any cupcake requests?
Amazing how many people smoke in #florida! Quit smoking, everyone! I've heard it's bad for you.
Las Vegas tomorrow! Covering th LGBT pool party at the Luxor this weekend!
A1. Best way to understand customer needs is to ask. Requires engagement. And manpower. C/b hard to scale.
Heading to the “Red, White and Blues” event, hosted by President and First Lady Michelle Obama in the East Room of the White House!
night babygirl. i love you like crazy with all my heart and i can't wait to talk to u tomorrow :) te amo tambien princessa
alright. I give up. We'll try again another time.
Manic-glut :: Organ Hunger :: Radical (re)vision :: Muscles need their own relent.
when is your new show coming on tv?
what the hell is a viddy??
Dang! On ol' Rocky Top. I'd imagine so, but could be wrong. Hollins is liable to fly them back tomorrow at 6:30.
That one annoying relative who comments on everything you do on Facebook.
is hilarious
you think its hard for you..try being me once..lol
Q. What kind of motor vehicles are in the Bible?A. Honda...because the apostles were all in one Accord.
Have you seen Sicko?
The way randomly came to visit me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
I think ur friends wanna watch me make love to u.#channel 696969696969
I was just thinking, I'm not even sure gets on twitter anymore.
The masterson just say "the browns are...well the #browns"
Since they refs. Are calling everything on the Knicks they should not come out in the second half they are clearly cheating for Miami
lol Alex . Sorry
Watching "I shouldn't be alive" it's hard to imagine all the places to get lost and not be found for days or weeks. Not in NY
If everyone had the determination and drive to do what they love instead of what's easier the world would be a better place.
#Knicks will need way more than Melo to beat this team. Other players have to start showing up
can we get this guy a coke? :-D
hey now, I've always made room for you #buttmunch :)
Np...anytime. Love to do more
white and liquidy i get it
Christmas Party~
I played a dangerous game of cat and mouse, & I didn't plan on falling along the way... I'm sorry. </3
Pretty much good for anything. I've mainly used it for various meat, fruit/vegetables, and random house supplies.
happy birthday bifffy i love you <3333333
HA! RT : Today must be my lucky day. Got not 1, not 2, but but 4 notices informing I just received 6MM USD. Just have to...
jill_hw: Last morning in NOLA. Ready to head home and healthy food. Post #sla2010 diet starts tomorrow.
Aw, hardly! I care about the a lot, just offering #SMM advice based on my Tumblr projects for & =)
hey David Lee love the new VH works..looks like you guys are having fun again" ever consider doing voice over for a commercial
I just booked my hotel and flight to I'm staying at conference hotel
So proud of the dawgs today :) thanks for the shout outs and support!
this election is already being turned into..war on my intelligence
RT : last chance to win tix to tonights show w Raekwon + Dubb Sicks at ! RT THIS FOR A CHANCE TO WIN A PAIR OF TIX!!!
Has anyone ever tried to kill two stones with one bird? That sounds horrifying.
ahh nothing much what about you? :)
Thanksgiving + game day= awesome
Zakarian VS Faulkner. A la cuisine!!!!!!
Was worried about the quality of the 3D until I saw the trailer in front of Avengers. Worries officially scratched.
HOLY SHIT! CENSOR MY BALLS, SOPA!
that sucks that comic press thinks black characters won't sell - am assuming that's why? drag : (
I do believe I am, but not the specific article revisions I need to get done today...
How about letting the student body see the game?
RT When you practice philanthropy, you can educate people, encouraging them to be independent, more aware, & more creative.
- just seen this! will tag em :) some real nice shots there, thanks :) we should arrange another shoot one gig
Go See #JesseEisenberg's #ASUNCION !! No, seriously, GO SEE IT! "Where's my mother fu**in' O.JAAAYYYY?"
beautiful. Love ya too bro, till mañana
i'll keep you updated. up until today everything was headin the right direction but i'll let you know
I'll try to do that next week
I loved "Learning by Doing" even though I came in late!
I'm tired of missing you, I just want you right here by my side.
You're very welcome!
RT The 1 conference I wasn't able to get to this year is lighting up its hashtag! Love doing good? Follow
That's what got me too. That and their size. And the clothes. :)
last minute packing...then train to lansdale to meet up w/ dad.
Was told about an art show in the basement of a shop today and it was just a Zumba class. Served.
I followed now you.
Aww, I tweeted Rachel Crowe and she tweeted back.
LMAO YOU REPLIED TO YOURSELF HAHA. and no its not fun. its death. awww ok. i might help you adter i do this homework
Going to record today :)
Limited time combo pack! Buttons, stickers and an ID Cuff, design of your choice for just $27, valid till may 30th
Yes, I'm excited that my new washing machine is being installed!
I luv the days when there is no real news..and everyone is searching for something relevant
S/O To Floyd Mayweather he right about Lin Espn blowing him up. Kevin Durant and D Rose didnt get credit like that the 1st season Lin 5games
where are you working now?
Yea this going to be a good game! # Team Heat
#ASKING ALEXANDRIA ON REVOLVER GOLDEN GODS ONLY ON XBOX LIVE
East of Eden, John Steinbeck. It's taken word for word from the book.
Hey Artest. Why don't you just admit you did it on purpose due to your psychosis? Lying is only making things worse for you.
Making sense of our lives, and making our gardens grow. Tempered optimism wins out in the end.
Just really wish I had been able to go out and see him. I need a car soon. Next time I have to invite him out.
well get to it! Go the Mom and Pop route!
OH: I don't know why but they had me in the lineup
The snow started here at 4:00PM on the dot, just like the NWS predicted. Weird. :)
Do you look yourself between the eyes, and think about who you let between your theighs?
you make sweet melodys
so i hooked up the modem and router combo on my main floor and the computer is up stairs, trouble with signal
Who has questions for re: #CSPAN's archives? Tweet them to
Look outside right now for the most amazing moon rise!
oh I'll have both charged, thx
Did I really just spend 15 dollars on skittles and jello?
Thanks man. Decided to get rid of the anti-Selig'esque one... Not that I don't hate Selig ('cause I do), but still...
I keep a lot of shit to myself, because in reality, no one gives a fuck.
My dad talks on his phone way to loud why is he so annoying
The Rat will be gald to hear that. :-)
I'm sneezing like crazy .
One days ovr a thousand footsteps wen u walkn in these jays committed to walk this dream
RT : The Lens will webcast the Orleans Parish Prison Reform Coalition's public forum tomorrow from 6-8pmCST.
A man must drive his energy, not be driven by it. -William Frederick Book
RIP Ayrton Senna
I've been in that boat before! Just keep your toes painted :)
Thanks for the
Fuckkk yea RT : #Chicago! Monday "Boyfriend" will be playing on and it is incredible!
Thanks for the #FF and !
Feed The D is a pretty good name but when you say it as Feed The Detroit it sounds pretty weird. Oh well! as long as our produce is good :D
yeah but the pictures do taste funny... but we took enough pics to remeber it well...
If I take care of my character, my reputation will take of itself. -Dwight L. Moody
Baby you Light up my World (; Hehe <3
Thanks for our your support Council Member. The food really is great and the kids love it!
Many in mine still don't understand how fractional banking creates money.
"What are you doing?" Reviewing episodes of La Voce (#TheVoice). This year's batch of singers upped the game. Bravo! Bellisimo! Kick ass!
Lol He Got The Jewish Thing On
so good. I can see why. Jodi said the same thing, lol.
#JoshHamilton hit four homers in one MLB game. Question--with all the PED's used in past why hasn't it been done before? Think he juiced?
Liriano walks the bases full with two away, then gets out of it with a strikeout.
School -_- should I skip class...? I'm kidding :P
Andre Miller just made tonight's #top10 in a very bad way!
How have you been?
Aww! That's so sweet! :]
That's what I thought!! Lol. I'm still trying to figure it all out.
and where is that - am I anywhere near :-)
Start your day with a yummy and nutritious Team Vic Matrix Meal Replacement shake.
Picture. Locked.
We're on the drug called Charlie Sheen...and we like it.
you know I been thinking about ya:) idk y
Unsatisfying trip to Home Depot - everything there's made in China. No more #Home Depot. I'm buying American.
H&M sunglasses i bought in Sweden? Made in China.
Who woulda won a rap battle between PN News vs Oscar from Men On A Mission? GO!
Sleeping pillows should be small enough that can support your neck.. :-) being small with lessen the chance for discomfort.
haha I try :)
9 more years of this
how yall doin? i'm doin just cheeky at the moment. (;
They need to end it for ERRYBODY.
RT : Join us this Thursday at 9amET for a conversation with about our nation's fiscal priorities! Details here:...
anyone interested in going for a nice outing I'm heading to the famous tail of the dragon motorcycle ride in NC 10/02/2009. hit me up
Finally met the great #smsports mind in person! One of the very best at what he does for the #Lakers!
Gone to the moon
#NYC Best Food Trucks
Preparing my next pitch.
me haha I'm hoping for over 500
it really is....I keep seeing the pics from when we were there a couple weeks ago... it is drawing me back
Leaving the club
#Nationallabday had a fantastic time in the Galapagos on #missionblue! Pictures coming soon.
Entertainment of the night=mom being drunk
omg , this girl . LOL
thanks b-sack ill tell you al about it :*
Say what you will about the program this weekend, the next two weeks are off the hook!
Being hi at a Solon
So many pregnant people walking the mall, must've been a fun summer
If you're joining us remember to use the #CampusChat with your tweets. I have questions for but everyone can contribute& ask Qs
YES! i get an extra hour of sleep tonight!
Going to get a will at the ripe old age of 28. This is kind of depressing.
hm I don't know, I still can't get caught driving. I got pulled over and I've been paronoied ever since
never lose your integrity
Thanks for the follow. A fine chick like u needs more...
I'm picking up good vibrations!
Congratulations on your amazing accomplishment!
Programing some beats today music in the air ;)
Run Emily run. These guys are LOSERS.
And people wonder why.......erky
i admit there are two things that drive me crazy: women who pee on the toilet seat and people who make excuses for not doing their work.
I'm jelly! I will definitely keep you posted. P.S. I miss you & E!
Knock KnockWho's there !Bridie !Bridie who ?Bridie light of the silvery moon !
this time for africa :D lol that song is so old :p
RT Special thanks to all of our Georgia Tech students that are using Fast Food Express Atlanta. Promotions will be coming soon for students
When we don't have the good we fight to get it.. then when we do, we complain about it.
They will still suck while trying to copy the Spurs colors. SMH
If you had it all to do over, would you fall in love with yourself again?
Thanks for the info on Carrier!
Hope all is well with you and your family!!!
Is Lebron's biggest weakness his mental toughness?
"I can do all things through Christ who strengthens me." Phillipians 4:13
oh okay its coming out in may at macys
Either way, great season so far, yall are doing it Big this year. Sucks yall dont come to MEM this season to play
I love looking at your boards and reading your blog.
ugh. that > working in a cubicle all day long.
Eating roman noodles (: church at 6! my hip hurts.. Well that's what I get for picking the biggest and strongest girl on the team to guard
Sometimes you just want to have your feelings not explain them.
YMCA Preschool
#ReplaceATLSongsWithKirken get down on your kirken and tell me you love me!
RT : Hey Pres! I love your profile pic! Hope your well! *>* I'm okay, it's a pic i took in 1925...
S/O to for the hottest Sunday night party....#spotlounge!!!
Do I go to old Miami tonight in Detroit or chill in A2 with the fam?
I would like to do an interview with you for my show. Email me at if you're interested.
I'd like more draft pics, to help rebuild. Give Sam some toys to use
Sex iz on my mind (in a singing voice lol)
You are absolutely right. If crossfit is taught in a systematic manner, it's very effective. But it often lacks individualization.
Join us tonight at East 91st St Christian Church for Trunk or Treat from 630 - 8p. Dont forget your Operation Christmas Child dontations!
#Onlyblackpeoplesay...Only Black people say!
can't I do both?!?
a fellow fan right here babe :) love all britney army. hihi
I doubt you'll forget next time :-) how's your season going?
I just sent Larry texts he sent me from back in November. He probably don't even remember saying that stuff lol.
What is all the hype around pinterest? I am all about new toys and not sure how this works.
Don't suffer from paralysis of analysis, take action!!!
do you remember me???, :'D
Thanks and #Gallaghers for a great premier season! We'll miss you and can't wait for Season 2!
I can't stand rude service people. If your job involves going into someone's home treat their environment with respect.
Going to my little sisters Award/Graduation Ceremony at Suny New Paltz! I'm so Proud of Her!
hey Janneke! that's maybe kind of what I'm concerned about. like, I don't want them to think this is a stunt moustache, y'know?
Returned to my walk/run routine with Ismael Rivera in tunes. As you can image, I had a little swing in my stride. Sabroso!
This is the Friday we call Good.This is the day when the whole world stands still.We recall the great Sacrifice offered,Christ died for you.
RT this if u ever cry cause !
you don't want to get mange!
I can wait to see fast 6 & 7.
true! RT : LOL great example of Assumptions <U+2665> RT : Guy on the train in front of me has two empty cans on seat...
You spend your life caring about your life only to wake up and realise that it was all for nothin!
It would be great if your pricing structure encouraged sales of $.99 like the app store though I'm sure you have your reasons.
Its way colder whan i thought it was......
Let's face it, Obama waffled, then huddled up w/ staffers, then came out in support of something that gov has no biz being involved in.
: Lemme guess, without reading Chic? Swag? Swish? Or one of those other seemingly pretentious one-namers?
Chris spent last summer shooting a biker bar reality show. The footage needs out! -- Frankie D's Highlights #1 youtube.com/watch?v=NJyEOl…
my daughter's 17. Why didn't you tell me this earlier.
I just KNEW it.
I'm at a store. Like buying frapuccinos and cake. Cunt (:
click the hashtag
ah nightmares!!! RT If you're having a nightmare, don't press the snooze button.
“: but for real if u got $2500 i can find anybody a decent car. i got my guy a 2002 durango for 1k lol”lol damn that's str8
RT : Grady's (Whitman Mayo) ghost is gonna haunt you for stealing his line! / I ain't scared of no Grady!
let's not forget that AJ was a turd for 21 years too.
I don't sleep much! haha
Thanks for letting us know :)
try Doctor Who!
Yeah...but are you tellin me not to shop??
I was reading my sisters texts to her friend until she barged into my room. :(
a few quid worth of experience and we would have won today. Without it we will win nothing. Wenger must face reality or GO
sloppy joe. no cookie
Workaholics (the show) is too f...n funny
a picture of you in a restaurant? I'm shocked^
Dear Beliebers Why hate on Selena? What did she do to you? She's dating your idol, so what? That's no reason to hate her.
Haha alright (: And then when I reply, it'll be long. There's a lotta shit I gotta tell you (:
Dope bro!
Your tweets aren't cute. They're self centered and immature.
Try vitamin B. I take a sublingual B for fast absorption two times a day. Helps the tired.
Megan is super nice, too.
I need something to do
I enjoyed AGM. Regarding what you signed up for, in what regards did it change from your vision?
Thank you for the mention Jenn. Blessings ALL
If everyone is thinking alike, then somebody isn't thinking. George S. Patton
when we doin that track?
Shells are the DEVIL.
#WhyDoiAlways find myself getting In trouble with my friends? We all mean well. We just go about it differently haha
So now I know. You CAN'T kill a cold with kindness!
i do follow you
Proud of all of the adult students who performed in the showcase tonight! see you guys next semester!
glad I could make ur day.
Watching sum tv
Some newbies on the shelves. is seriously digging our new Rioja. Unapologetically straight forward and dangerously addictive.
Follow me ? (: Bye Bye<3
i hope you know how much looks like you, at least in his twitter profile pic. i seriously think it is u everytime
Prayers go out to the two people hit outside Raynor.
I got to take this like a M A N :/
Greetings New Followers!!
The amount of untagging photos that will be going on in the next few days.....
lol well to me it is!...if im ratchet...then your THREW!...lmao
In order for something to become clean, something else must become dirty; but you can get everything dirty without getting anything clean.
Cool. Hands on training starts tomorrow.
#AdventureTime Is an amazing show!!!!!
Success isn't built on accomplishment. It's built on failure. It's built on disappointment. At times its built on catastrophe.
or trade that in for bf3
The secret of happiness is to make others believe they are the cause of it. Batt, Al
Good Morning World
Ready to be back in lex with my boys not tho
I was reading your blog. Would you be interested in reviewing my new psychological thriller A Smudge of Gray?
That awkward moment when you walk into a conference room late, but nobody knows why. #ExperiencesIwillface in an hour
I have 2 hours to watch a dog. What to do what to do. Im waiting for my new app to download and reading Mockingjay. Nice day out though! <3
www.likejuice.124online.com go go excellent healthy drink
Funny 'cause it's true: RT : The modern way of thrwing rottn fruit on stage is 2 tweet live that u suck.
Ricardo Lemvo at #Yoshis SF TODAY and John Santos with Jovinos Santos Nieto Yoshis Oakland Friday. Great music this week.
Daily Sketch Writing Suggestion: A mark on the face of your lover, the samurai who did it, your choice of weapon, "Konichiwa, doo-doo head!"
Pawesome photo of you! Look like a swanky hotel. Me likez!
I hope you don't because I love you!
cowherd should really take his act on the road.
got off work tonight, what to do?
I literally give up on today.
I love chocolate...lol im just trying to reach the tweet limit,but dont know why..I am seriosly going crazy
I was at that one in DC! In my pre-presenting, hover-and-observe early grad school phase. Yes, I will live-tweet for sure.
Goodbye Feb, HELLO March. I love spring time!
Invented national grilled cheese day.
TY 4 the mention/#FF - right back @ u - have a gr8 weekend!
thank you! Im so happy my friend told me this morning lol. I will! :)
I hope you decided to wear clothes. :)
just "pretty accurate"?!?! BUST
Smh...when you grow up, then maybe things will change. Till then don't be surprised why things aren't going your way
I shall never listen to you D:< you sir are
we can't talk mess about how plastic nicki is anymore. Lisa turtle just topped everyone
Me and Katsu-ya disagree. But hey, happy birthday!!!
I didn't realize Jeff could have gotten W to practice today...hope that all worked out and W had a great practice! :)
Do your prefer red or white wine, ?
President has just entered the house chamber. Perfect timing... popcorn just finished.
Hey, I never asked you. Do you like guacamole?
Contracts are about what you get. Covenants are about who you are.
I'll bet even ur kids know Gonzo lacks the potential to be a top 10 WR, on a practical level, not justified by one stat
it wasn't that bad!!
Hey, what's up?
now that it's summer. we need to get us 3 back together.
im watching right now....
hey sorry my Gma was being naggy
Damn, I can't even believe your eighteen. Haha. We need to to hangout!
Glad you discovered our deal. Hope it meets your expectations!
Truth! RT : Sundays are reserved for family<3 ....when I don't work, that is lol
here waiting for someone to text me :(
and im still awake. awesome
I here that my pup is sick... Is that a big enough excuse to stay home from work? :(
#Sushi happened tonight. We were dealing with withdrawal symptoms:-))
Having made it through St. Roch, Benedict Arnold's men are marching by the northern walls of Quebec receiving heavy musket fire from above.
what are the set-times for Future Islands show to night
the pop in my glove echoes across the field. it's an 8am practice with no people in sight..clear minds...pure baseball.
I like cats. meow meow meow.
Rocky Road & Cookie Dough Ice Cream :D
Need. To. Stay. Awake. Got. To. Do. Hw!
There's To Many No Lifes In Corpus! Get Your Ass Up & Go Get A Job
*stole this for blog post going up in 15. credits have been given sir;)!
Today the truck is at Buffalo and Broadway! Another great day to eat tacos :)
I am a recruiter with Third Screen Talent. I would like to talk to you about a client of mine in Vancouver Are you open to new gigs?
Time for the first #turkeytour2012 I didn't have to wake my daughter up. She is just as pumped as I am. Let's get this done!
Nothing like relaxing in a perfectly clean house
Love Sylvia Plath's work
Wake up <U+279C> twitter <U+279C> school <U+279C> twitter <U+279C> home <U+279C> twitter <U+279C> food <U+279C> twitter <U+279C> sleep <U+279C> REPEAT
Damn its been a LONG day!! Works over till tomorrow morn though. Think im just gonna relax the rest of the night...
Good things are happening.
I have to say, I do miss Beltre's theatrics at the plate. Always entertaining...
you are a sports fan. and as you know "professionalism" is key to results. Stay professional. I will stay professional!
C, u the exception! U were taught by me...so u special!
Hah! : Do the Mariners usually leave their wives at third base like that too?
the rain doesn't help here in the north east either!
thanks man. Doesn't sound weird at all. Bigger fan of 4HB or 4HWW?
I'm updating my online dating profiles instead of grading. How can I grade fairly when I'm lacking love???
oh cool :) I am walking around in all black tho :)
Did you know we give our spent grains to Geauga County farmers for their livestock? It's a green way to go! Win-win!
I'm so jealous! You guys are practically BFFs now.
RT : In Social Media Success Summit session: How Social Customer Service is Attracting New Customers and Increasing Sales - Frank...
e.g. Muffler infection, spark plug carcinoma and end stage engine disease.
Hey good seeing the other night!! Send us that Ungoliant record soon ya? Also did you say something about Spy goggles? Haha
10 hrs of training between Friday & Saturday. Resting today. Time to recharge.
i love this idea so much! thanks for sharing pictures!
tired...it's 424 am and I went to sleep about 1 am...oh and I got a shotgun. Ha ha.
Just saw a watch downtown. On a casio stand.... yet it was a c- shock. Yes it said c-shock. No g
If you rest, you rust. ~ Helen Hayes ~
And wants to see you! Maybe someday you can take a road trip. :)
Thank you for getting me stuck on Raheem DeVaughn!!! His song "marathon" is on repeat today what a HOT SONG!!!!!
#GiveGetHH 6-8 pm looks like an awesome way to give back
just saved my life...who would of thought.
No. No there is not. #FriedPotatoes2012 RT : Is there anything fried potatoes can't do?
I too am a student going towards a communications degree.
Genius RT : DRUNK HULK WONDER IF TEBOW LIKE BEING THIS DEPRESSION'S SEABISCUIT!
A white wall of snow is slowly making its way across Summit County...
it's awesome isn't it! Thanks for following!
Feel free to send us any Appliance, HVAC or Boiler questions/problems you may have via tweet or mail.
we will Miss you!
At Cal State University San Marcos for president Karen Haynes report to the community. CSUSM is a great resource for our region.
One words reply tweets?
tweets are the absolute best<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><U+263A>
My Quote of the Day - "Those who restrain desire do so because theirs is weak enough to be restrained.", William Blake
72.2% of Americans access social websites & blogs via mobile devices in 2011. It's about saving time.
working at til four! we have 25 cents off hot OR iced teas and lots of free tables to come play a game or get some work done!
Google calendar. On your phone. On your computer. Etc. In the cloud. Works miracles for scheduling. :)
that no-good will smith look-alike ruined a lot of dreams
Big crowds at all of our gardens! Great reception and smiling faces!
who was supposed to oversee this department? Does Sweetwater even have a compliance unit?
Escort service hells angels hiring talent send pic
We've got a new winter menu! Lots of great stuff, allow me to recommend the black bean breakfast quesadilla :)
Buster sucks
OMG. MY ORTHODONTIST WAS PLAYING 11:11 IN HER OFFICE!!! :D
i had no idea your song came from heyhihello :( i thought it was an original
Aww he's so cute <U+2665>. Follow me Mama :) <U+2665>
are you alive?
Aw.. Thank you so much!
Because you live in Seattle. RT : Why do dogs have to go everywhere people go?
Solar Systems and BBQ
Changed my Tumblr url fuck ya finally.
Thanks for sharing! :-)
u know u can!
#uk carpet == #us rug. although, still laughing so much at seeing "chunder" written down! ;-)))
Hey friends, there are not enough chimneys at polly's. Please rectify asap. Thanks.
The more I observe, the more I learn.
you and ya poodle rock matching leather outfits
Probably the last happy hour of the year in DC... going to miss a lot of people.
tried beersmith, beer tools pro, & pro mash. Prefer beersmith by far.
thumb thru that check !!!!! get this pussy wet
Suggestion – Fourth, The longer your eye contact, the more self-esteem you are perceived to have.
- thanks. So pushy, acting like NOT paying means I've decided to give up on getting new customers. - who falls for that tactic?
Spare the bullshit. I've heard it all before .
When my mom complains, I remind her that I have no illegitimate children, criminal record, or hobo BFs. That's her present, too
I got a beard compliment in Walgreens...from another dude.
I really want automatic windows. I'm sick of rolling only one window down -_-
US Postal Service is promoting dead tree print as good for business. This is their marketing strategy, leave the net? Are you kidding me?
F this storm!
Nope, I don't have any siblings that resemble #KentuckyDerby horses.
Whats the over/under on " is a beached Whale" & "Who the fuck is " jokes? I'm guessing 12?
This day last year, I had no idea what college I was going to. The day before the deadline.
Narration RECORDED! Almost done with this thing.
Idk and really care less right now
It was only great because of the amazing guests! Good times at #UberIcon!
u knows it!!! Hope you're doing well :)
About to go on a tweeting rampage (:
First time for everything! I'm looking froward to the rest of my weekend. I plan on Ultimate fighting tonight, then bowling tomorrow! YAH!
Hello to new followers,
ha, truly awesome.
Keep dreams alive!! Support Live Music this weekend. Take it further & buy a CD or t-shirt while you're there. It takes a village...
thanks so much for your generosity. . it really makes a difference. .
please fill us up with some delicious gyros this week on
"Youth is wasted on the young" -George Bernard Shaw
it's cool baby girl do your thang (; xD yeahh I know,
We have 999 followers. Who will get us to 1,000?
im already following (:
The northwest territory was given to the US in the Treaty of Paris in 1783 but the British wanted to keep the forts + outposts on the lakes
Tonight’s Scott County girls' basketball game against Perry County Central at home has been canceled because of weather.
It SUCKS that the nonpaid mods are more ACTIVE then the PAID mods on !!
Tweet, tweet my friend!
Cheers indeed! Lakeview location has a special Oktoberfest beer by Two Brothers! Cheers to the season of fall drinking!
heard you have some music coming out on June 5th :D buzzing!
hahaha, I don't carry it only for that day. Lol.
22 Hours until our RLife Sunday begins...We'll see you poolside!
lmaoo! Like everyone goes to the beach to lay out and I'm the only one trying to find a tree to sit under!
Embracing new media for my news sources.
Fabulous Event Monday Night - Women in Beer - Thanks
Sanderson Students: Our our delicious lunch special is just what you need to get you through the rest of your day, for a great price too!
Tonight in B Rip, its burlesque brought to you by ! And tomorrow its our special Mom Show! 8:30 showtimes. 317-255-4211.
Not in New Orleans it ain't.
I lived in San Carlos Mexico training workers to inspect plastic moldings used to cover the Intel Pentium II processor.
um, stop?
Knowing the deadline helps with whether you take the risk of pulling them out of a meeting to bother them.
Forbidden fruit always tastes sweeter.
"I know it's impossible, but you should try to shake it off." ::mates of state::the re-arranger::
Health Tips: Lower your anti-nutrition intake and avoid trans-fats and Hydrogenated fats! Surprisingly saturated fats in moderation are OK.
...tonight!...inside ....8 year anniversary!!
He is normal. He was born a bunny. But he was born a bunny who wants to have an awesome red beard.
Anytime :) Hope we stay in touch!
Oh I hope you know, that I love you so...
At best, insensitive. is a decent guy but he's in denial over his homophobia like most "real men."
Thoughts and prayers are with the family of Jr Seau. Gone way too early. Crazy I just saw him in Nashville a few weeks ago...
Wow! Cheers
hey cutie
hey there!!! Trying to follow you on TLLCLAWNCARE and it's coming up forbidden?!??
Happy World Read Aloud Day!
the house was a bargain- can't believe you didn't jump on it.
looking for a prom dress (:
Ah a walk to remember is on next <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
BBN might need you to go to work on Shabazz again. Don't worry, Sandy Bell is not looking! Haha!
10:00 PM - Rootbeer, A.D., The Last Hope playing www.myspace.com/rootbeersound
DWade with the classless act.
How are my bros celebrating cinco de mayo tonight?
I've always said that 07 was the best year SC ever had and will ever have.
Send me your email so I can add you on my newsletter list! :)
if I had I wish it would be to meet you :) 1
a floater Terrance!!!!!
"Psychology comforts the afflicted. Sociology afflicts the comforted."
Little guy is out of surgery. Tonsils and adenoids have been removed.
im feeding him
TY for the RT. Feels good to have the draft about half done!
yesterday was great, lots of baseball, lots of beer. Today I'm back to work & staying productive. How's your weekend going?
Somebody come help me shop for a two year old girl. I'm not very good at this.
While you're busy reading Shades of Grey, just think about all the nonsense we guys are up to.
that's awesome you just launched your book! I'll tweet about you!
What is the best drink out there to consume???? I'm a RedBull and vodka guy.
GB on the clock!!!
I love my dad so much.
thank you. you guys are doing some inspiring work. you blew the booster team away.
RT : The 22nd seems so far away .... Like hurry up
I do this every time and i never know why cause every time i think about you it makes me wanna cry
Been trying to wait for Galaxy SIII
what time is it over there
RT : We just got in more t-shirts and sweatshirts. We also have sweatpants with our logo on the leg. Sizes vary. Get yours!
Finna head to iTunes for that #SSM Album !
Don't remind me...
Setting up my Twitter
4-6 weeks..lte version I am sure is being made..a lot of buzz when I was at big red the other day
Thanks for the amusement
May as well make money on the fun things and avoid the less-fun things, I reckon.
Morristown judge orders psychological evaluation for man who tried on dress, urinated on himself
In my head, I have already consumed the Thai food I just ordered for delivery. Hmm...mango sticky rice....
Meijer Gardens Moves Up List of Most Visited Museums
You feel me
I like tuwrtals!
bout to watch the super bowl...
You know Common wants to say "Drake, Take Care...ops sorry"
THE BIRTHDAY MASSACRE is over halfway through post-production. Let's chat about it when it is complete. Thanks.
Word of advice to anyone who doesn't want to be kicked out of a bar... Don't call the bartender a bitch
Sublime Tribute 40 oz To Freedom tonight - 8:30pm tix $14 with guests APEX, Dizzy Woosh and Surf Zombies.
show 4 the next 3 months 6 days a week 12-16hrs. I think we should film a fun shoot during the day with JB and I
I wish I had a punching bag mounted to my ceiling sometimes...
Time to use those KFC employee benefits lol RT: I'm hungry <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
When you're playing a game on your phone but forget to turn the sound off but don't notice because you have your ipod in AWKS.
Goodnight ladies and gents
Not tired.....weird
#thanking god everyday for being alive and in good health ..
Exactly, Mothers are the Queens RT ......wait till fathers day , I bet you won't see all this love on your TL though !
Check out May come in handy tomorrow!
Correct. Message me your address and I will get them in the box today!
hope you are both well. Would love to catch up w your respective lives and times
Paul's Boutique was first CD I ever broke by playing it too much. My friends & I called it "Paul's Butt" which I probably shouldn't mention.
Shock that I'm drinking another MonsterEnergy... So many energy drinks this weekend!
Wow sold out the Best Buy Theater in the heart of Times Square, New York City already!!!
Just another rich guy.
Yea I'm interested. I'm on lunch atm but will be back online around 5:30 EST.
If you had to go, you could've at least said bye....
Philadelphia Union went to Rome to see the pope.
Are there any K-pop fans in or around the Birmingham area that would be interested in joining a council run Korean society/club??.
Scott, director of NDI, citing the tension behind civil society orgs & legislatures, yet potential 4 collaboration.
*looks around* what? Lol
At some point today, I have to stop listening to and actually start working on our new episode... is seriously SO good though
NBC had great success in comedy this season? Umm...really?
looking forward to spending the weekend back in the Mitten!
Most guys hope to someday have all the hoes. I hope to someday have a wife & kids.
Have questions about #TEFL? Ask now! Just use #bridgeteflchat. And if you're an #EFL expert, come share your knowledge!
thank you, Sir. No worries, the whiskey makes it easier to navigate the wet! ;)
Happy Halloween from !
How many x's can you RT something like this.. damn only once. RT if you want Donald Driver 2 dance shirtless
Thanks for the Follow!
Glad i didnt get caught in the rain
hehe I just texted you!!!
Your illustrations always point out just what's wrong with me
Get over yaselllllfff...
Whoops, forgot hashtag. I think #casesmc chats are a great idea & will work to make this happen.
Congratulations to John P and Tina K in the #Milw office for reaching two #Kforce milestones!
Happy birthday love! (: Xx
Wow what a missed opportunity by Robben!!!
da moto if i was a rap i wud hav a g mix as in goseple mix.
Avoiding problems you need to face is avoiding the life you need to live
A late night at the office. Yep...
“: “: I don't know what you're talking about:)” forrealz?” I'm being sarcastic:)
You've got to have the heart and soul to go with it
RIP Justin Bieber
that sounds familiar
#MXpresidentialDebate Peña ... we want more kids going to college"
Surfers make it look so easy...it's not.
See Someone Without A Smile ....Give Them Your's
I don't remember him sharing lots of details, for which I'm grateful.
O_O can I ask what you two talk about?
Can the Lakers/Clippers fans coexist & support each other, only to clash during the Western Conference Finals? I certainly hope so.
#ItsTheBest!!! Sweet country life :) I do miss NY sometimes
I keep dreaming about you drinking that crack in a can lol
... have backgrounds in higher ed. It's there they became driven to change education from the outside (entrepreneur)
No power in the studio today. Looks like a snow day :)
yea so I haven't been to inclined to jump on one in awhile
Tori-ah rape rape! Prince-shh Tori-rape! Prince-its not rape if you scream yes and i guarentee you i can make you scream ;)
Please put a song with a heavy bass on for him to wake up to.
Do you and the cast hangout off set?
Rock 'n' roll belly dancing for the 21st century - San Jose Mercury News
how can i scare my parents?????????
you learned this from me. ;) proud
okay , & I'm alloweed to take the car to downtown Disney
hell yeah B! That ish is so funny
at 4 our #Fundraiser Banquet tonight! Join us 5512 Pennsylvania Lane Le Mesa, CA
u can't put me da same category as Dee fat ass LOL
I would be disgusted
She came thru in the clutch
Thanks for giving us a global view on today.
#BOYFRIENDTEASER WE NEED IT JUSTIN
Not quite sure what ur talkin bout but my acct was hacked.
Bitches tried to hack my twitter account! They need to be bitch slapped!!!
My MacBook air is toast. Of course this would happen while away at #drupalcon. Need a Mac expert and hardware. Help?
ABOUT TO FALL OUT ON THIS DESK...NEED A HOUR NAP..THEN WORK..CLASS
You'd never guess this modest little suburban girl knows all the words to "Intergalactic" & "No Sleep Til Brooklyn".
Check out Joe Gutta on 106&park text B to 79922 support ya boi Joe Gutta
dad. turn on the air conditioning. im dying
Harris Lass Museum Afternoon Tea and Vintage Fashion Show today, Santa Clara, CA - again a sell out and again a wonderful event.
up in the mountains snow skiing
Music + texting + twitter = dead battery ! !
One photo session down, now off to photography class. One more shoot this afternoon- need a 5-Hour energy lol
why thank you ;)
just heard about the tour good brother may god kontinuously bless you!!
I am saying though,Reggie Miller,i think you need to go home so ur older sister can smack u around some more,sick of ur voice right now
Breakfast with the fam at Corner Bakery!
Chewy Reese's Chips Ahoy ;) RT : Chewy cookies o.o
#Str8LykeDes.... Still sick af but tryna get better... I guess ima take so moe medicine then head back to sleep...
I respect gospel singers. But Mary Mary are some fine ass women
Yeah they have to get it together it's the playoffs!!
Hate everything about it.
its just a matter of time, till you find. he's no good girl, no good for you.
Gosh he's been around the family since 2004 long time
#Team No Sleep !
": "Be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle." -Plato". Oh Yes they R !YE
#ILookForward to a world without rigid gender roles.
A Limited Time: Watch, then link to Review & Discuss "Anne Frank Goes to Hollywood" on the official Site: www.annefrankgoestohollywood.com
woops. I mean: Prost! with my lovely lady.
Cee Lo looks like what you'd get if you took Charles Barkley and left his arms and legs in a dryer too long.
I wonder who wrote the software for my dishwasher... Somewhere, there is some guy who's job it is to write dishwasher software.
RT : Forget Cinco de Mayo come celebrate 's bday on 5/5 starting at 7ish! Let's do this!
Exactly. Often times the attending knows it's sort of ridiculous.
no problem^^
“: I'm gonna be on the Tonight Show with Jay Leno, well, tonight.” You look so amazing! I love you!
MVC design pattern was first designed for smalltalk
My people are you with me where you at? In the front, in the back killa beez on attack
Success is getting what you want, and happiness is wanting what you get. Dave Gardner
The men who stare at goats. Quality film. Watch it.
exactly what we did recently. Revised service model and staff realignment and training. Long way to go though
What? You're not going!? Well, if you need an on-site correspondent, I know somebody who'd be happy to help (wink) (ps it's me)
“: How much douche could a douchebag douche if a douchebag could bag douche?”
I have my girlfriend for that, sir.
To want to be what one can be is purpose in life.
still dont know what your saying lmfao
Im going to inbox you because i don't want everybody to see it.
Nice to meet you Lawana!
Super Bowl Sunday and we are open!!! Our store closes today at 2 pm so stop by and grab a sandwich, sub or pizza.
Tired of tryna make it Work.
I see the head of my History Masters committee is celebrating 4/20 on FB. Huh.
I enjoy going to charity auctions and bidding on things I cant afford so that it ups everyone else's bids. I consider this my charity work.
My history teacher is awesome and is letting me follow the gio situation on twitter since she's a big royals fan too :D
Today is a GREAT day out there. :) You should return soon!!!
i have so much history homework but my math tutor is coming tonight ihml
listening to Marty Tirrell...mouth of the midwest
that's a good sign.
We so cool, we shop for clothes at goodwill and role in a granny car! -people parked next to us
My father is in the Hospital, on Thanksgiving
yall mispelled chicago on the tv a few minutes ago
But, I totally see your point. You clarified that for me. Thanks. :-)
Rhinos are just fat unicorns.
Re war of public perception: today's SF Chronicle editorial page & letters to the editor.
Our new Graffiti Ecigs are the hottest on the market! Follow us on Twitter and receive a free sample.
Howday! from Nashville
Yeah, I see that. I think ESPN goes for confirmation of details rather than rushing it like TMZ, which I respect, I guess.
NMDOT: Crash on I-40 EB @ University has 2 right lanes closed. Expect delays and use caution.
Chick at belgian beer bar without a single remote idea how to pour
Getting set up at the Radio Chaoz. com studios for the all vinyl event it's gonna be off the hook. Be sure to tune in.
#whitesox. What a waste!!
Had a really great weekend, just sorry to see it end...
your welcome... i don't take anything from anybody i don't care who they are no one needs to treat someone like that
Day one of our Client Appreciation Tour over! Clients LOVED the cupcakes & truffles from ! Best cupcakes in town!
don't whatever me we gone fight
One of the MANY reasons why #tonboston is my favorite!
WHAT IS THE WEB ADDY FOR #CountdownKO ?
We need to redefine the meaning of laborer and consumer.
Former catcher Wilson Ramos out for year with torn ACL
Anybody remember the game when the Pistions and their fans beat the Pacers ass! Like literally jumped they asses?
He said I'm an arrogant bitch..
Now, let's say you and I go toe-to-toe on bird law and see who comes out the victor?
Want to know the best way to get me to blog about your band or event??? Invite me to it.
thanks man the things to come will be a fun journey
In honor of Blackout - 2011, I'm going to turn off my computer and hang out by candlelight tonight.
#WisconsinBadgers tip off at 6:15pm, at 9:17pm and #HungerGames at midnight. Could tonight get any better?
Tonight!! First Run Film Festival 6:30pm Cantor Film Center 36 E 8th Street Floor2 Come see dancing in "State Debate"
And I have to write a check to the IRS for how much?? F#@%!!
About to start CHIAROSCURA in Lynnwood -- Joubert, Strauss, Schnittke. Very excited to sing this music - Tacoma tomorrow, Seattle next wknd
hey do u have a game today at Weston?
how's it going? Thanks for the follow
#meandyoucantdate because I said so.
Vegas weather has been FANTASTIC this January! Light jacket, blue skies, no wind... oh wait, maybe I'm just again.
you do the same for us! www.keycommittee.com
I cannot wait until I have a car again. Psyched to roll down the windows and blare some
Goodmorning world B-)
So unhappy here. /: I just want to be happy.
this weekend drags.
Acne. Balding. Bad back. Wanna add me to your shopping cart?
Got asked by a few Greeks today if I was Greek. Guess that means I fit in and can find my Hercules for a big fat Greek wedding!
Bus breakdown in Chinatown. Man in the street with trumpet playing the Chinatown theme.
So chick Jst came outa the blue & said ima stripper
This week’s #phillyhunt question: What is one of today’s deals on Philly Dealyo? Answer now to win the nano.
#NCAAFinals Anthony Davis needs some tweesers
Happy snow day Colorado! Siting at home? Throw us a bone. Let's keep it going strong today. Thank you!!!
Hoping for a good day today.<3
I found a picture.
My iPod is annoying me. Iwishihadatimemachine.
Have fun!
And and above 80s on my precal test and quiz. Holler!!!!
On my way to Philly for an audition. Lord, give me some inspiration pleeeeeeeeaaaaase.
Looking to hold a company retreat or off-site meeting? Our octagonal barn has an opening on 10.22.10, call 503.693.8452 for more info.
Wait just a minute... Kirsten, no need to be hateful and Ashley I resent that statement, are you hungover?
Must be nice to always get your way!!
Asking everybody to send prayers out to my buddy ryan klimek!
lets work to get our #solar trade surplus back!!
deal, it has to be by an innocent bystander tho
please note the *diet* coke and orange slice.
Ready for the weekend! How about you Buckaroo?
great seeing today! Excited about opportunities in
amen and then probably the Air on Sunday and Monday
Nervousness and anticipation starting to set in already. Going to be a great weekend.
VA? I hope u do! And not sure about me in Nash this summer... Trying to find new job well see. Possibly Atlanta now too...
Flashmob was too funny(:
Holy hotness, Batman.
Sure! Send a detailed email to .us. They will help answer your questions!
First experience with . Veggie Pita was great!
This Twitter page showed inactivity since last year, and that's why it was unfollowed.
nice butt.
follow me please!! Please Austin please(:
was that your first tweet?
please please follow me! i love you so so so much!:D<U+2665> i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 6
Great deals coming your way! Check back with #Uscoop this week and next for , ,
thanks. We had a great meal at Hotel Donaldson last night.
Kay drunk at the fashion show. And she yells "photo man, photo man I'm ready"
and what count was I in when I was at Indiantown, FL Correctional Facility?
Support Our Troops: Give Them Jobs. Post for Free Here: www.PurplePlacement.com
Hey guys! Can you please help my friend get noticed by ? She is amazing, and the biggest Belieber I know!<U+2665> xx
Wake up still baked.
ok followed (:
When is your next show?
Calling them mean won't make u nice Calling them ugly won't make u pretty Calling then weak won't make u strong<3
I'm probably the worst patient that handsome young eye doctor has ever had-I jerked back or blinked uncontrollably everytime he came near me
Come check out our movie after #CPAC intro > I Want Your Money in Thurgood Marshall
I can't help it!
I'm super happy I discovered Yoono!!!!
Celebrating my bday over some casual beers watching a bluegrass band at a dive bar in a sweatshirt... It's official, I'm 40.
#WhatILove the lord almighty.
OH "Not multicultural audiences. It's general audiences" Pam El, Groovy insights b4 the panels start! Tech Summit
Haven't been on here in awhile.
don't know the address yet. Soon though.
"You have to learn the rules of the game and play better than others"
Shout out to #RichardPryor R.I.P
Job Fair tomorrow - going to prep by reviewing the companies that will be in attendance.
Understandably. I'm floored. It's highway robbery.
Making about 400 truffles for the ABC wine tasting...
Seabass, don't get kicked out the hotel this time, lol no one else knows what I'm talking about.#$%@$%&
I sometimes think that this is all a practical joke and you don't actually love me the way I do you lol.
Listening to SiriusXM's The Pulse, one of over 60 music channels found on Dish Network. Want some? Call John at 350-6428!
I'm still caught up in how the Bruce Banner/Hulk complex represents the struggle of man vs capitalism.
Let your faith be bigger than your fears.
what else does Rivera have to prove? Best CP ever, mltpl WS rings, countless All-Star appearances. I say call it a career
Saturday... 7:30pm... Game 7... what are your plans?
“: HATE West Town Mall. Too many damn Belk stores ... so confusing!” <-----Truth!
where at bro
How the fuck am I in Clarkston
hah! need to get one of those great stickers for my MBA
looks lonely.
Where do you work?
RT great vision on that blocker save, awesome display of sheer natural instincts!! In love with that 1st from Vintage Marty.
fear me! I have a pretty sweet karate chop.
apparently no one is, not even me.
How is your "ministry" going?
unfortunately we do not have any information available, at this time.
#InElementaryScool used to come over haha
Marq alum here Dickie V, thoughts on the Golden Eagles this year? DJO can flat out play. Also who u like in the afc game? Ravens!
: Not bad. Damn it, Olisa and I are heading there next weekend. Well until next time we can tear up a Wal-Mart near you...
no i didn't. Sorry to hear that though...
Well plate lakers. For selling us a lemon of odom.
Everytime I check who I follow this freakin' thing has un-followed someone without me doing it..... Maybe I need to change my password!!
thanks for sharing my Dabble class. Super excited to inspire and empower people to get that coveted job!
I am grateful for network marketing. It is the next best thing to oxygen.
I hope the Hawks enjoy the long flights back and forth from the left coast.
You're listening to Carolyn and Jackie! Make sure to send in requests.
Life is a classroom and each situation you face is a lesson. Don't discredit the teacher. They're likely on assignment from the Father!
Tune in and May the Fourth be with you! Giving you a little Star Wars on
yes as do I but fuck these coaches that play games like this no class at all!
HAHA! Amanda you crack me up!
Looking forward to A Flavor of The East End tonight ! Stop by the Yelp booth and get yo'self some schwag!
attention attention attention I love you bestie! Nuff said
Let the weekend begin!
Ha! I fumbled with my iPhone to get a pic but the coyote didn't want to wait that long. I'm doing good. Hope all's well with you.
Remember..... Get 10 of your friends to like us get a free T-shirt. Read the challenge directions in earlier posts
please follow me !! I LOVE YOU ! <U+2665>
I'm sad :( probably wont ever reply to me :'(
RT : Q3 as we learn how others see us we get to learn the others mind and perceptions.
twitter told you to follow me lol for real..?? well in that case I must follow back..!!
Fucking Mexican cutting my grass today blew all the dirt to me and with the blower and got shit in my eye! Thinking of suing<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
It doesn't matter if you were drafted this weekend or your just starting out, being fueled properly helps you perform at your peak
Will do. I need ruby slippers and a good witch first. The hunt begins.
Ok, so my arms officially hurt from pull-ups two days ago. The price of leveling up
I loved Paul.
I wish I knew what the right decision was right now. I only want the best
"Don't get aggravated. Then the enemy has you by the short hairs." #DeadwoodLifeLessons Thanks JT. I can really use that mantra.
Let's go to OT
Only if they're new with tags
happy birthday to you! See you this weekend!
Don't forget to bring water bottles (with sport cap) to the events this weekend. More info at bit.ly/xsj7sV
tight pants; not tight results.
I'm not a cat person go
looking forward to night at #SDAFFSPRING with LET THE BULLETS FLY
Please cover Pay Phone by Maroon 5. Please.
Do you guys accept credit cards now? Thanks!
that makes TROB the MVP, but not the BEST player. Clearly Davis is most talented and impactful.
Also I want to put some new videos on the site but I'm tired of these wack ass videos coming out of AZ. It's getting worse and worse. Smh.
Lifes jus like a roller coaster
It's good to know that the gum I chose has "been reduced from 5 to 2 1/2 calories" bc those 2 1/2 calories are really counting against me...
Yoga and Stair runs... I swear to God my backside better be an inch higher after today!!
P was sent home today and is suspended from school tomorrow for punching another student in the throat while playing "ninja" with eachother.
"I am the light of the world. Whoever follows me will never walk in darkness, but will have the light of life." (John 8:12 TNIV)
thanks for being here for me (: your an amazing best friend <3
Justin Bieber <3
Or I could just move to NYC and ride the subway. That would help a lot
Can we just pretend that I did the writing portion of my science homework?
Taking off for London.
HELLO :-) I MISS WILL N GRACE. . .JACK N KAREN SPINOFF IS OVER DUE!
Early this morning before I went to bed it worked again.
Damn… was catching up on Foamy the Squirrel and the site went down. Apparently i wasn't the only one…
we must be related. RT I'm so lazy.
I wish I could say sorry to you but I don't know what for
The power of call and response at work in Lyte shouting out songs and artists to get the audience involved and on the One
We gone get this money
There isn't anything funnier than watching midgets run.
all the things you could do with us if you lived here!
so nice to wake up in austin today. headed to SA and later for an 8pm solo show... see you there... x, joseph
omg jalapeño-stuffed olives
If you really want a good workout, try moving a 3-piece couch set up 3 flights of stairs...
"black tie invited" wedding? Don't mind if I do!
Actually a busy day at the ARCH computer lab. Helping with resumes and short story writing.
me too! Here's to a prosperous 2012 and beyond.
Everybody used to pull my hair back in the day.. <U+E402>
OH DAMN I GOT THE STRESSED OUT SHOULDER LEAN GOING... ARRGGGHHH
Anyone in MN used ? I'm intrigued...
#best90squotes life is like a box of chocolates u never know what you're gonna get.
You say its too late to make it but is it too late to tryy
did you see 's keek? Omg i feel so bad for her!!
I'm already taken
vague tease.
I'd rather smack someone than protect someone from being smacked.. *shrugs*
#prayersforjess please pray for a lady named Jess who is fighting cancer. Pray like she's your sister, mother, daughter.
I'm so excited to see how this goes down!
I don't love Austin just because of his look. He is very talented and he has an AMAZING personality.
I WANT THAT HAT
No work. No play.
My boyfriend is cuter than yours. Deal with it.
Chilling out in St. Michael's on a dock watching the Caps and boats with a beer in hand. Brother getting married in a few hrs.
I'd like to say that I've lived my life without regrets. That I've always made the right decisions. But hey, I'm not Tom Cruise.
-- ...trying to get to the annual right now. I am going to pass on this one more than likely.
I can't wait for P.E.P. too! But I'm also excited for your little bun. :)
you're cool
At fletcher watching my lil cousin run thru these boyz
Holy crap!!!! I just got THE CARTER IV !!!!!! I am crying that's how happy && excited I am :D
Last for
you back to 100%?
Three kids at the doctor today for check-ups. Phew...we survived!
“: Getting drunk with my cat #YOLO” hahaha
I MAY LOOK LIKE A KID BUT IM GROWN ASS HELL TRY ME IF YOU WANT TOO
#That1FriendThat just happens to be <U+2764>
So that we may boldly say, The Lord is my helper, and I will not fear what man shall do unto me. ~Hebrews 13:6
Haven't downloaded it but doing it now. Thx for the reminder. I'll update you soon!
I keep my gun on my night stand. One in the chamber because more would count as homicide.
Chili cook off this weekend. Will I kill myself again? Stay tooned.
Correction folks! Todays PBR's at are $1.50! Sorry for the mistake.
we have several different kinds. Dr. Neale would know better than I.
could buy a down payment on a car, a trailer (lol), a lot of chicken nuggets, 200 slices of nonnas pizza.
I see you noticed that I have a stillborn fetus attached to my head....
Mom: Who wants to go to the store? Me: I do!!!! Mom:Alright but dont ask me for shit! Me: Nevermind then...
Hm... After a certain someone, I will try to live
who is that dumbass fan!!!!
Time to gym, after go to Orlando !
Beat that ball like it owed him money smh
see u out there!
Cant wait into it get hot so i can clown
I'm holding you to that.
Did you also know that in my very first on-air I turned it back to Roger Crozier, Sabres goalie, instead of Roger K., radio jock?
GM #rise&grind Thanking God 4 being blessed & #TGIF Gettin ready 4 work, last final 2day, & then back 2 work. Everybody have a great day!!!!
and Happy New Year. I absolutely love that I saw you pull into DD. Made my day.
Priorities in the fridge. Nice!
-Thanks baby yup yhu knw I love yhu no matter who say I dnt-!!
Working on a script about a double transplant gone terribly wrong: JAZZ HANDS!
Burning the midnight oil and accomplishing some travel tasks. woohoo!
Jcole cuzzin came to my job today. I woulda prefered him actually coming but i guess that 'll do
My heart is closed until further notice
Tip 3: Wealth - Wealth isn't something that is necessarily within the reach of most but the perception of wealth is.
Our pleasure! Looking forward to your updates :)
But look at the methodology: Each of 37 plays meant to be from a different country, 37 different languages.
I can't imagine! Dangerous packaging
Mario v. PETA is absurd.
"A REJECTION is nothing more than a Necessary Step in the Pursuit... of S U C C E S S" ~Bo Bennett -
Music, movies, TV, gadgets and other forms of mass distraction: Follow on Twitter.
RT : Confidence is what happens when you've done the hard work that entitles you to succeed. -- Pat Summitt
soon as he step in the arena gone here nothing but boos
I need somebody for that 3,000 tweet.
i really wished it was! It had to be one of the best nights ive had in a while! And u want some followers?
vodka please :)
They jealous. Do your thang. Let the minimum wage females do what they do best hate.100 # salutebadfemales
Hey, Are you at Home Depot Center? Or watching on tele? If you're here, I'd love to meet up.
is not mean,she is beautiful and nice and sweet.So stop hating on her!
Going to the company holiday party with tonight. I'm worried he might dress better than me.
Carlos Rogers with his 2nd pick today... You suck
you going to be okay?
Aw, Cal went 0-3 on Wait, Wait :( I'm going to fanfest anyway...
I want a guy who runs miles just to find you&calls you every night to say I love you, a guy who calls you beautiful even on your worst days
and u know this man
I'm glad I didn't stress. We found out she had epilepsy, Chiari I Malformation & kidney/UT malformation.
Thats not you bro.....your not ruthless.
I decided to burn lots of calories today...... I set a fat kid on fire.
Month* RT You guys realize that the last play is ALL ESPN is going to talk about all week, right?
Need to work on creating a seamless system for user on library website. #il2011 user experience is about the feel and feeling!
Very glad! The bullshit is for the birds! Haha. Lets just have fun &&be happy! <3
I'm so cold!!!! Brrrrr
Is it 20 free articles per month now? I didn't see any explanation of that on the website.
It's sad when your so called friends let their friends steal your stuff!
cant trust you
Healing is a fundamental longing of God's creation.
Reading Ready Player One. Adding near future cyberpunk 80s nostalgia to the list of things that seem no-brainers once someone did them.
No problem!
Who's going to win the Golden Boot?
Happy Birthday !! xoxo
Of course you will get a drink. You just need to get yourself to Seattle so you can hang out in Belltown with us.
Thanks for supporting #kc arts. We appreciate it.
LETS GO CELEBRATE
Guess what? I always follow back! You don't need to ask. #dontworry :]
I don't work with any good yellers.
I am so sad I had to leave 30 Rock before this interview....
I sometimes get yelled but ignore it :D
will you ever come to California ? (:
You the best I ever had.
Yes, mostly geography classes at PSU, Lewis & Clark, Willamette... also a bit of international & women's studies. past life :)
lacing up the strings for the first time in a few weeks
Don't chase after the wrong things, they will take you in the wrong direction.
High school drama sucks !! >.<
cautions breed cautions. Bet they say that gonna be a few more wrecks
LMAOO! RT : I hate how it is...but it is what it is.
ha ha I wish I could tell you... Jamie handles that side for Gio. I have seen his name everywhere.
I can't believe I'm awake at 8am and can't fall back asleep. I think I may have insomnia
It's Alex and me because it's a PREPOSITION
Thanks i'm checking it out now!
Huh. Apparently not all offer WiFi. Isn't illegal for a coffee shop to not have WiFi?
Surprised how believable Justin Timberlake is as an action hero.
Well, been in Seattle less than 3 months and have landed a house gig at My Greek & Italian Restaurant in Tacoma two Fridays a month.
#BNoticed has power again. We are back up and running. Thank you for your patience!
I'm going to send you guys an email in the next couple of days explaining what we do and how we can help in the future. Best
Jim Knight, Chubb CIO & Chair of SIM is leading a strategy discussion. Marketing & Leadership Dev. are priorities
Our last Google trick for the week: Type in "askew" into your google search. We dare you not to tilt your head.
We will see if it works :) RT PRESIDENT OBAMA IS LYING ABOUT SAME SEX MARRIAGE
orgies or pants off, dance off?!? Because both are awesome
It's VERY bad. And probably the reason I hated Alex Karev the entire time I watched Grey's Anatomy.
Really could have done without the picture of Amar'e's stitched up hand!!!
Our 1 bedroom 1 baths are 660sqft. Monthly rent is $1180.00 Rent today and get $100.00 off your monthly rent with a 12 month lease.
Good times last night!!
are you still going to do younow tmrw? Thats what gets me throught the day! #excited (: <U+2665>
I just found out about Brandon Inge. Now we'll DEFINITELY break this losing streak.
Raise your hand if I'll see you at the premiere of "The Shittiest Movie Ever Made" at NMF5 on Friday. 9 pm. Sooner Theatre.
Editing change files, listening to hip hop. If anyone tries to interrupt I might have to throw down. Thanks
#marchmadess is in full swing ! Join us tonight as the Ohio State Buckeyes take on the Kansas Jayhawks!
Haha congrats on the GMAT studies. Which schools are you considering applying to?
Run complete. Contemplating dragging a lounge chair into the shower. Great idea or greatest idea?
I think your arms are tired when you can barely get your suit top off after the swim. 2500 yds straight sets
RT : I have an opening for a marketing/ PR/ writer person - full time if you know of anyone
I call it soda but being in Rochester aren't we supposed to call it "pop"
I want to go lay out in the sun! This office is cold and I'm bored..
no, she's probably gonna say no though, cause she let me get my lip pierced.
come on now sis
COME ON PATS! LETS GET GRONKED!
So what's the deal with 'American Horror Story'? I've recorded all the episodes but haven't watched any yet...is it any good??
Game over. KU has no answer for this offensive onslaught from Mizzou. No doubt who wants this one more. KU playing very uninspired.
Disorganized personality style may be risk factor for burnout during internship
Anger is often a big signpost that points us toward areas in our lives where we feel shortchanged.
plug in stereo!
Stephenson, and yet again she tweeted vast, scattered, various, and incalculable
Wow -you filtered 19 of my 20 reviews.That makes sense since I've only been in business for 5 years.They have to be fake. Great system
Picked up VMware vSphere 5 Clustering Technical Deepdive. What a great book! Well written and will be reference for years!
same here! I PAY taxes because I EXPECT services like top tier public schools. And its all for
Things have to go bad before they get better
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 251
dudududude guess what zack ryder and eve are back together
Awesome! Are you guys on campus? I can meet you in 1/2 an hour.
The Pilates Method of body conditioning is a highly effective workout technique that strengthens the body while engaging the mind!
“: just walked in the room. It just got real in here! #LiveFromTheBarrel” I'm so real. And so dubstep.
you is important haha ;)
My 20,000th tweet was about being a flagget. Am I cool yet?
- Strange request, but think you could take a photo of the Library Pub/Bar from Pub Stop for me? Can DM you my email to send.
Lmfao we are literally horrible.
I may be high as fuck....but....isn't #kobe supposed 2 take that shot?...or Bynun @ least?...or Pau....did I imagine it was it Steve Blake
Agreed! MT : Everyone should. : Non-profit peeps should go to #SXSWi panels they wouldn't normally go to.
it's the new black
Thing about most people, they all screw you over in the end.
I wish to do something great and wonderful, but I must start by doing the little things like they were great and wonderful - Albert Einstein
The author curiously thinks there is no politics in academia?!
It is like a sitcom, but with ugly people.
founder of the Treavor Project has a YA anti bullying fiction story called Treavor
Makes what Zito did even more impressive
it's like school pictures where they'd never let you smile how you wanted so you end up hating the pic.
Finally getting the library all together. Book displays, bulletin boards, books, posters, yay!! Fun times with awesome library helpers :)
Off to see Avengers in 3D to help me forget about the stupid Mets and their stupid closer.
booked his flight and hotel and is officially going to the Rose Bowl!
"I think that's it..." "36 seconds"-GZA haha yes.
Username: Password: Remember Me Create Account IJ Login ...
bout time! Geez..
RT Anybody know where da APS building iz uptown?? -On Uptown rd & indian school w /across from bus station thing lol
Hello #Pottermore, it is so great to meet you!
I hate sushi.
yes please visit! : )
Going to see The Devil Inside. I'm ready to piss myself lmfao with Lydia and Tommy
RT : Hi , I just found you & will request a beta. Here's how I'm building my #SelfPublishing team:...
Up early & I'm back at it-Stalley
And thank you for your support! RT : Thank you for a lovely evening & delicious meal! <3
Bahaha. Can't wait to take a look when I sit down later tonight.
She loves me, she loves me not, she loves me, she loves me not. She loves me!
The Android app, with it's flawless function and media is model for others to follow.
reading these tweets just gave me a panic that it's Monday not Sunday. Ack!
been there, felt that & got the t-shirt to prove it.. lol i feel you pain bro. Ima DM you my number
Good Morning TMDers...the Spurs wax the Jazz, the rest of the NBA playoffs, Junior Seau and more coming up on The Morning Drive
Yess im baq tweeps its been a while but the tour was a while. So wyd
I can totally relate. ;) “: #ThingsIGetAlot "Maddie before I knew you I thought you were a bitch. But now I freakin love you!"”
CAN'T WAIT TO C JACKSON MEMORIAL
Wine tasting flatiron 920 broadway street. Today at 230
RT : my BB is acting weird again, email will be the best way to reach me
any chance they can go ahead and get Herstreit and Musburger fired for explicit OSU homerism.
Yes.... I'm still waiting for the m.ciddy footage. Any idea when that's dropping?
Bookslingers! I love me some Morrison as much as anyone, but the post-Nobel period is ripe with stinkers. Is the new one worth it?
so good! And it was with the manager of the store, she's super chill and hilarious! So it was awesome!!
holy poop! (yes i just said that) ah. AH!
Iconic, much-loved Central Liquor sign has vanished from F Street. What happened?
Content is what I do. Can't have thought leadership without putting your thoughts out there for review says
That moment when hard work finally pays off :)
Baby, you don't know you're beautiful<3
Omg! tweeted right after i got his ringtone! Talk about creepy. #neversaynever - :ICameToWin:
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY!
623-255-4088 ext1 mst ask for Dean what can we help you with, or teach you to help yourself?
Hey #Teachers! Come get tons of free teaching resources from museums who love you-- 4 pm, Hilton Trianon ballroom 3rd floor!
If we're going to reduce the cost of healthcare, treating vascular disease early is one way to do it. -Dr Wong
Wonderful time at Blogs with Balls--keep eyes peeled on GQ blog for photos of Laura and Erica!
I mean I'm not having any coffee. Blech! >_<
Awe, forget what I said then I still got it for ya. <3
Let's make love and listen to Death from Above
Loved the ambiance and the fantastic paella! Thanks
“: will be speaking on the panel at the #Coverings2012 Trade Show today!”
I hear the beat of my heart get louder whenever I'm near you.
“Then you shall ordain Aaron and his sons. “Bring the bull to the front of the tent of meeting, and Aaron and his sons shall lay their...
30 minutes to AF game with 95 posted so far with consensus on Toledo & over so far with more posts to come
Haha I need off sometimes so I can get that b-roll as needed! Plus thank you for the b-day wishes!
Phil Steele Day = Christmas in the summer. RT: Only one more month of this out of date 2011 Phil Steele magazine taunting me.
no, we have to save seats in the van! It's a must.
Are you tenacious? “A Minute with Maxwell” Free Daily Coaching from: www.johnmaxwellteam.com
;) you know it!
Right! RT“: i can't wait to get out of ben davis.”
Robert Moreno, Sr. is speaking. So is future Republican CA Governor Meg Whitman and CA Ins. Commissioner Steve Poizner. My favorites
How does network time *as* "bursts" sustain the "public"? The question of "what" constitutes a public has now become a question of when.
-- I think I'm getting the hang of it, and it's pretty awesome Have fun on your upcoming adventures!
definitely great conversation in the class and over dinner!
I'm the youngest person in my French class and the professor is letting everyone know. "Elle est la plus jeune!!" This is embarrassing.
library til I pass out <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+009D>
Any day I have a job and can make some money is a GREAT day to me!
send me some of your tunes, musicman.
Maxwell: more people engaged in multiple paths of research from open data and OA mean quicker commercialization
"I don't like that beer"-- Stop using this excuse
ha! Ill always be one in my heart!
Doggie playdate and short run with this morning! Not sure who is more worn out, me or the dog!
Go on and try to tear me down, I will be rising from the ground. Like a ScyScraper.
>:( A LITTLE BOY CALLED ME A WEIRDO...Well hes not kinda rong?
it's gona be legendary :)
quite-funny headline in automat: "Poor Bret Easton Ellis Laments the "Cliquey" Publishing Scene...in The Paris Review"
What do you think of Herman Cain: 2012 Republican Presidential Candidate?
Sick of being ignored tbf
We are now accepting vehicle donations through V-Dac. Very exciting! www.v-dac.com
haha sure;P
bad roads in SW too as I was returning from
Exellent. I'm doing a couple other summer trips, so July looks best on my end... looking forward to a getaway.
Ahahahaha Muahahahahaha #TimUrban my arch nemesis goes home! Just as I was starting to enjoy his awkwardly awful performances.
Allie did the same thing last night!
not cool, I know my twitter and IG wouldn't be the as good without you.. And I don't even know you :)
Congrats to , T. Kail /cast & crew of Magic/ Bird opens ton. on #broadway. Magic & Bird on red carpet- interviews on ESPN
are you guys getting married yet
: Why do you hate that song, if i may ask?
Happy New Year everyone!
WHEN KEEPIN IT REAL GOES WRONG.....DAMN I WISH DAVE CHAPELLE WAS STILL ON THIS VIDEO WOULD HAVE BEEN A PARODY
when did you enter? I've read online that if you wait until the final deadline it takes longer.
It IS. And also not a surprise ;)
CJ Sapong will score..when he comes in.
Ocean race accidents stun sailors as probe deepens
Thank you for the #FF!
is it weird that i like Tom Cruise's acting more now that he's a bit looney?? you know you secretly love him too!
Been busy with rewrites. Just heard. RIP Blake Snyder.
Just set up an eBay account with proceeds going to St. Lucia and Dominica :-D Retweet me!
what it do unc...Seahorse said what up? U know his old ass dont know how to work this twitter shit lol
that Macbook Air item is from 2008.
The avengers Dbox in 3D for $10 yeah,? Heck yes I'll go!
Just found out that Travel Channel is re-airing Mud People tonight!!! Show your love again tonight at 11PM EST, 10PM CST, 9PM MST, 8PM PST!
'katie if you were black , you'd look like Rihanna' you would .
16 more hours till I go to NY
Unfortunately, most of these music videos don't go with the songs. :(
thanks! Weather is so nice
Hello hello baby
It's over. My tweeting thumb hurts. Now time for the 45-minute parking lot battle royale...
I've been on a S. Maharba kick lately, and that's where I grabbed the music. The animated gif looks like it's a loop from a Méliès film.
is still in shock about being assumed to be somewhat older than he is...test ifttt
Was briefed by Sec Donovan on #mortgage settlement stabilizing market & delivering $790 mil 2 NYers
I love being home in my own apartment, I love this living room
thank you Stoudemire for missing the shot <U+E106>
Hey peeps going to our room/studio to Jam! If your interested! Hmu
Financial Aid Info Session for Study Abroad at 11 am in Talley 1202!!!! See you there!!!!
i know believe me i wish i could go but i gotta run shit at rosatis haha
Delight yourself in the Lord and He'll give you the desires of your heart. Bible
Well the only two acts I was hoping to go on just got the boot on #AGT Guess no reason to watch after Stevie Nicks performs now
This will be a great series, wouldn't be surprised if this one went 8 games lol
I wish bestfriends were like money for u can take them and check which one is real and which ones r fake..:T
The #RedSox are killing me. I love them, but COME ON!! Play baseball correctly
1 out of 2 americans live below the poverty line...still staggering!
boom. Also, hover effect to make it easier to scan. I bad mouthed Raphael a while ago, but it worked on the first try, simple.
omg, let me know when you do! WE ARE HANGING OUT!!!
. prods and their brands can change/evolve & should, as long as all stakeholders (customers) feel part of decision
I hate writing summaries in Spanish class!
Finna go to sleep
Alright #wwf I need you to stop giving me butthole letters
Great session tonight for !
but, how much of a different skillset do cakes and cupcakes require?
I have suffered a great many catastrophes in my life ...most of which never happened. – Mark Twain
Wearing yoga pants while cleaning... where do I put my iPod? Do I possibly need to invest in a fanny pack?
Its okay:) Lol i just felt like sharing that:PP && i miss you!
$3 Bombs and $6 Riverwest Pitchers today at Libby's Lounge! 1682 N Van Buren
crowd is a whore. She's with you when you're up, booes and derides you when you're down.
#Whitney the bodyguard
CAUSE I'M RIGHT DAWN!!! ADMIT IT!!! YOU BELONG WITH HIM!!!
Thanks so much for the RT!!!
We going to Ohio University": What's doing tomorrow night!?"
That hat trick attempt by Messi was absolutely sick, almost slow motion
you can pick your friends and you can pick your nose, but you can't wipe your friends off on your saddle. True.
I did and that's all that matters :) I left you three on Facebook :) didya see? Love you boo
#IWannaGiveAShoutoutTo everyone that supports local businesses! You guys rock!
Mascot fans: How many years has the Challenge been going on?
when are we going to the park
that could work (;
the first person to ask me if i'm ok today is going to get punched in the face.
Welcome to #MastersPOV E. Gustavo! Glad to have you join us :)
thinking in terms of US & new media activism since video & various embraces of tech + organizing impulses 4 street actions
you may want to call the 11th Street Station and asked for Homer at 512-391-2331. Thanks.
Wishing you'd come over my place...after while..
Solid breakfast with
At , wearing a tee, drinking a Sculpin. I love San Diego.
Oh im sure its the food in chafing dishes that's luring you. That always rocks.
Glad to hear that the President of my country (whom I voted for) thinks I should be able to get married. Now, let's see the laws change.
Sweat is the cologne of accomplishment. ~Heywood Hale Broun
This====>: Where all these Heat fans come from tho...I honestly respect Celtics but u Heat niggas are the definition of dick riding
I'll be down for a game! Considering I didn't even know what #usmnt meant. I could use a lesson
haha wow this is not where I expected this conversation to be going
RT : RT : I don't know which is yummier, the sushi or the boys from
follow back? =D
#twogenerationsgap more about not making a song in 30 years
Now you listen here, I'm goin in that there pit ya hear.
Stop assuming u know a persons life thru their tweets!
you aren't following.
Today from #KISS joins as well as to talk about being the Blazers rep at the Draft lottery!
RT : Big Momma aint get her foot cut off for this RT : I want some of those Birthday Cake Oreos.
Hm I think the real question is given the relatively small amount of cash they've dedicated to payouts, what will they do w/the rest?
Totally thought today would never end . <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0093>
wonder what else is in store for me tn..hmm
Single by choice, not by chance.
In the eyes of God, I am his testament!
Gn Twitter and FB friends/fans!!
Almost have enough to buy my ChachiMommas , can't wait! :D
naa let him sleep I'll go with you :)
In #life u want #somebody not #anybody but
Really interested to hear and Have some mutual connections at their respective companies.
This lesbo is now looking up Scruff and Grindr! I have no idea what they are? A boy site, right?
agree agree agree! Can't wait for a better shot of her.
Unlike that heart the mind cannot show love.
I feel deprived...I never learned anything about fuse or circuit breaker time curves...
Ryder's Suffering: Is Cena to Blame?
“: I be headed to #YoungRoyalville” Really tho? Might stop by. It's senior skip day there's no reason for me to be here
Fuck the haters. man! YOU RULE.
Now that's how you wear a tie... if you have to wear a tie.
aww, such a pleasure meeting you too!
My personal >>>
I would like to see if the new bigs can play
Looking for cheap flights to SF next week on short notice. Tried the usual sites. Anyone have any ideas?
for now yes. We won't mind if you ditch your plans to dance with us. :)
Can anyone please enlighten me about ball licking and puppy humping?
Fuck you Marlins Park traffic
Yeah, i don't really want to go there to see Demi anyway. So yeah. someone needs to announce summer dates!
First time all day I'm not greeting/visiting with wedding guests as they arrive. Kinda weird to be alone!
No problem feel free to follow me for expat related news and tips
Would like to have you guys onboard. Let us know if we can help with anything or give you more information.
Haha thanks! This class was easily my MOST difficult so far.
are you going?!
Hell yeah! Get ready for things to get crazy tonight!!! RT : & at tonight!!
I will email you to discuss the bills. Needs more than a 148 character explanation.
He certainly is! We're pleased to have his work!
The L'Oreal commercial/product that mispronounces the word "Sublime" has incited a rage in me. "Sub-leeem?" Really? Why? What?
Open Mic Tonight @ Texas Mist on 183 (Near Callahans & Landing Strip) (South Austin)
Snow....not cool
wait... Is that the cottages? Ps lets blade back in Northwood hills haha
thinking of you (karen too) and praying you are all well. Have a great week!
Good times!
From one BOSS to another
Find the best African-American nightclubs & restaurants – Download InSpotter app FREE
They re gonna get the Lakers in game 7 too...Because Artest will try and prove a point and trick off game 7 along with Bynum!
I just beat Shao Kahn in story mode. *brushes dirt off shoulder >.<
It ain't nobody fault but mine nobody's but mine
This is my first #talknt. What is sew and share?
Happy Birthday to best guy I've ever known.
Ditto! RT : A big congrats to everyone who particpated in the Marathon yesterday. Your hard work paid off!
enjoying Cinco de Mayo Lower School
I have a new found love for baseball. and I are going to go crazy next season when were roomies!! :)
Why can't things be different?
Looking forward to try your Thai Mango Salad. Sounds Delicious!
whoa this is crazy
Pay attention.
Gov O'Malley talking offshore wind, jobs, and a healthier Maryland in committee hearing.
YOU DO NOT! Please sell it to my mom down the street at Blue Moon Antiques!
Like bitch, stop telling people that they should love everyone and then go attack people you don't like cause you're insecure.
You forgot #teaparty. We need an "Innovator and Entrepreneur" political party. // RT : Where is the #Jobs focus?
I can stream perfectly on my PS3 as well as watch my blu-ray movies. Are you still holding onto you HD-DVD's :)
hope to meet you one day, such a fan ! I think you are perezious ;)
Learn ur craft and attempt to perfect it... There is no such thing as perfection, but at least u can come close.
k next time u go, u must take me too! I want it all the time, but NO ONE will ever eat there with me!!!
For $15, today's deal gets you the Hydros Bottle, a reusable filtered water bottle (a $30 value)- 700 ml BPA- free water bottle is durable
NEW SHYT IS THAT SHIT WEED NEED RAPPERS LIKE HIM #TOO MR.LIVE
true!! Did u ever go to the ball park in castalia??
yep I heard ;)
Looks like my 49ers are going all in, I'm proud of them. Time for another dynasty
crack : crackhead :: iTunes gift card : Erica Bolton
That White Mink Coat was a ShowStopper Da Truth
#ICanHonestlySay life is good. Honestly.
Hi -just found your site - we will use the coldwar tag more often, this month we are tweeting LBJ's trip to Berlin in '61
Also, I thought you were joking abt Pinterest a few weeks ago; hadn't realized how many museums are using it!
call me tomorroww boo<3 can't wait to hearr !
love that you're tweeting about & 's #SMPP!
Thank you for getting the word out to Boston area students! May you use #cable12 instead of #TheCableShow ? Thank you!
Just had two people in 10 minutes tell me they love that I'm wearing a shirt with Shredder from Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles on it.
Life is unexplainable and every moment is a lesson so just #LiveForNow and worry later.
You are right on. First do no harm, and then do the best you can to help people heal. Thanks for your message.
Car service: If it ain<U+FFFD>t broke, we<U+FFFD>ll break it
I don't understand why I am at home alone right now? Like, where is everyone?
what's ur username?
Drummond is bad post player right now. Low release point. Bad FT shooter. Doesn't know how to his body yet.
Who wants free protein @ Max Muscle ABQ
I think should send me one of those orange beards
Douchebag Yankees fans..
#2012isAustinsYear you know how I know that because he is awsome and I don't ever have to doubt him <U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665>6
I wonder how long it took Luke Scott to get to OPACY with his horse and buggy...
I'm At Fillmore East with the Allmans. Would have been a helluva checkin back in '71.
of course!
School could suck my balls right now -.-
thinking today's time lapse shots will include: Alki @ day, view from the Columbia Tower, Cap Hill at night (the madness!)
awesome....u deserve it
woo woo woo
Windows down.. on rt. 60..... cold ass ride
Ah, okay! Not by a comp anymore but will tomorrow. Thanks!!
Keep up the hard work! Let me know who wins #BedlamBaseball ...looking forward to checking out your YouTube Channel :)
Just stood on my bed and hit the John Travolta cause the fakers lost lmao
#ireallywant to get my tattoos already
One of my favorite kinds of confusion: Hearing a plane in the sky, then looking up & seeing a bird soar by where I expected the plane to be.
what is our toilet doing? eating cookies intended for the angry super downstairs...sorry francisco for my irish hippy of a roomate!
Friday, Friday gotta get down on Friday. Everybody looking forward to the weekend, weekend.
thanks for the follow check my music
#schoolmemories we were friends!! :P
ATT: designers and type people - PULEEZE read this about using smart punctuation on your web sites and blogs. Feel free to RT and...
This My Day , Legooo !
Do you speak up for the weak, gossip about them, or mind your business?
Sorry, I couldn't make the #SDProNet meeting today.
Merry, merry, merry Christmas!
Now that my studio is clean, perhaps I will get some work done this week! :)
It's amazing the lengths I'll go just to avoid human interaction...
My apartment smells like shit. Fat shit.
I heard it was supposed to be 80* in Orem today. Jealous!
Series taping is underway. Debut episode coming in March. Super excited!!
ah cheers!
Today is a bittersweet day. As I begin a new chapter in life. My uncle completed the last chapter in his life.
'The devil told me to put tequila in my spaghetti.'
You too DT!
Ah, I love bad-ass vampires that just embrace that inner animal, instead of despising, or being afraid of it. <3
well I got off work at midnight and watched some tv and ate dinner and cried about my phone ...didn't get tired till 6!
no kidding. is in Gulf Shores. Did you guys go anywhere?
#Valentines beats... #NowPlaying Bloodhound Gang – The Bad Touch on
Being sick is no fun, it cause an increase in tv watching. "The Firm" has two cylons as lawyers
only thing better then waking up, is the music you get to hear after...
When I get in the tub I don't no how to get out
looking fresh!
Can't wait to get the htc thunderbolt! #new phone
Divinity is ...comprehensible as Truth, Beauty, and Goodness!
There is nothing like playing an amphitheater when there is 13 people in there.
That made my whole week!
Discover Links Using Google Analytics New Backlink URL Report
Wanna get me some nomnoms?
And she got a ben stiller pun! this is love!
This week is kind of jammed for me, but I'd be game to make a plan for the week after...
depends on if you cup the balls or not duh
Times change; people don't. - Judy Blume
Thanks for the lovely compliment, ! We are excited to move on your logo and very much appreciate you pushing the new website!
ADV ENG I: If you were absent today your Unit Test - Romanticism will be in your PREP. If you would rather take afterschool let me know.
why is red hair so sexy . i love my hair
Pulling an all nighter #3D scanning whale fossils in Chile!
Have you traveled around the suburbs out there? Portland
Outstanding! RT : Le reve! And il mito! RT : Hey Wauwatosa! Tell us your favorite restaurants!
#Imagine waking up to Harry tracing his fingers up and down your spine, making you shiver.
I still am lol
When the effective leader is finished with his work, the people say it happened naturally
Awe!!! Happy Birthday Blake! (even if I am #teamxtina!)
maybe he was flattered. I'll never know. I was flattered he even walked by my house.
I didn't realize we were arguing. Rather, sharing perspectives.
Doing all things prom with Seventeen. Wasn't I just that age? Weird!
Ditto": No sleep"
Damn my G! thats crazy
I'm glad you enjoyed it! We aim to please! I'm excited beyond words to have you onboard for the launch!
One Direction Patriots Center. :)
oh.... shit.... I LOVE YOU JENNY. (no killing please)
RT : for the record, I'm not offended by politics. only slightly offended by pretending politics isn't where it clearly is.
lol ok c:
I think is well on its way to becoming a methadone clinic...
Sara PEte + Nicole Pike = awesomeness beyond measure. Thanks ladies for thinking of us and showing your love!!
Shot a living poster today with the 5D!!!!! thinkin I might use the Mark IV next time!!!!!!!!!!
I just heard the WORST news ever T.T
I love all these very specific databases that UMinn has - traveler accounts, ISO databases - lots of cool data
*TONS of SPECIALS TODAY* Anyone who signs up for ANY MEMBERSHIP today gets to tan in the next level up for one month FREE!
“: when I come back from Chicago get the bRos we out on a bromantic date” Wid it I'll tell Will that mamaguevo!
getting better every day. Hope you are too :)
SO many PRs in the #NYCHalf today! Well done runners well done!!
so the answer is: no, we are not doing all that we can. in my opinion, we are not even trying that hard!
Ah Janet's working on a new album!!!
looks fantastic!! What fun!!
Pinedas got a fuckin torn labrum really season ending surgery really
would be into playing THE FEST if they'd have us again, and the timing all came together.
Hey everyone check out !! Buy their strings! We support them and so should you!
Dead that shit was funny. I can hear him say that shit
First and last time you will ever read that headline: Cavs win behind Harangody's double-double
stopped by Audobon School's June Jam
only because I play with them on FIFA lol. I won't really care. Man u is my team but they're out
We honor your patronage, in our price & most importantly in our service, oh yeah, & how bout them PACKERS!!
#CelebsThatShouldRunForPresident because he's #BASED and he can fuck all of our bitches.
Those chill nights when my mom forces me to stay in are always better than i think they'll be.
Always interesting stuff! RT " It's Colorado History Tuesday! I've got some good ones today!"
Proud to be a gangster, blessed to be a street nigga fucc being famous!!
Tell us about the best presentation you have ever given! What did you do to make it so great?
Awww. RT : Main Street in , because it's where he proposed! Q2. Favorite 'main street' in U.S.? Why?
You're welcome! RT : Want to thank for sending me some awesome swag. You rock brotha!
wiz khalifa older songs went harder than his songs now...
Just got my Master's!
Hands up, like a touchdown...
My friend just said twitter is a waste of life -.-
Ray Allen is hurting
I'd recommend the Green Goddess (307 exchange place.) Monday's always a tricky dining day.
How do you think #Paleo worked for you for the race?
Just left Late Night w/ Jimmy Fallon where our good friend Elmo will be a guest on the show tonight. Hilarious segment so be sure 2 tune in!
Any recommendations on a festival or fair that would have people interested in a psychedelic anointing oil used in ancient religion?
Socks began when peasants rubbed their feet in suet and stuck straw to them, these were known as "strawkings".
It's okay!! I love you too:) We'll miss ya!!
try words with friends its addicting.
Drake transfer Rayvonte Rice is headed to Illinois according to multiple sources.
Our speaker today is Michael Powell from Powell's Books talking about the future of books.
RT Be a Minimalist. It's the least you can do. RT
Try this bitch, just like mom use to make <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
"Life isn't about getting more. It's about BECOMING more." -Tony Robbins
To the truck spewing gravel on 5S that cracked my windsheild: thnx a lot, can't wait for my claim 2 b denied! cc:
Cuddling time seriously
are you there at the parade, Brian?
ah! i miss you too! hopefully coming back to dance soon!
Just wrapped my shoot for March amazing as always. Shots are spectacular!
seriously!? I live in studio city! Glad I know that now.
The Arnold movie? I don't think I've ever seen the whole thing. If so, it was a very long time ago.
There will almost definitely be more #stjbb prospects playing at iS8 this weekend. Just waiting to hear who they're playing for.
Today is someone's birthday!
Dancers are rehearsing for the Lula Washington Dance Theatre show tonight. Tickets are still available and we hope you won't miss it!
I sure will! I'm going to need an outside member for my dissertation…
Beauty Call LA is going to help you get the summer started with an $8 eyebrow wax and a $20 Brazilian!!!! CALL 3107709177 ! See you soon !!
“: I hope you choke to death on Tebow's manparts RT ARodg lost at home in div. round by 17. Blow to legacy.” HA
You are a natural in front of the camera! Will you come dust our house too?
But you should.
Hope & I will be seeing you on 5/11 at Lenox Lounge for Blazing Tongues: Johnny Hartman and Ralph Ellison.
no you don't... You just hate when I win!
thanks, Amy! Hope you & Snoop (and your other boy) have a great weekend.
Love watching students faces when they're taking tests. Such concentration & intensity!
Congrats to the #DUCKS & the #BEAVERS for their wins this weekend!! Now when will we get to see the #BLAZERS play!? We're waiting..
and thanks :) I'll look into that
hahah the princess ones! Well... I had help but they were scrumptious!
Happy 2011! Thank you to the talented artists and gracious publishers with whom we worked this year
I know! Pick a date you can metro to ballston and I will pick you up. It is that good.
lol it's Pretty crazy lol
i got another joke about you...lmaoooo
#Show just wear that low cut number like the white dress from wedding I have that photo luv ur
This is gonna sound awful but what do homeless ppl need a "cup of coffee" for? They need to be awake & energized for something?
Thx Andrew! We're very, very excited. Counting down the days/milliseconds, actually. See you soon ;)
A1 .. to effectively assimilate trends, "our customers are thinking X" requires knowledge management, aggregating across agents ..
Whoa! Skycam vertigo.
"And B.I. said King remind yourself... nobody built like you... you designed yourself."
Martinez move could put decision on Green redevelopment off until 4/26
your picture is phenomenal. Want on poster.
I don't want 1D to fucking follow me -.- that's kinda the point of my status!
I bet I can throw a rock at you
Hate how my mom makes me go to the store with her when she already has 7 cases of water at home
Hold it down for the Bay, reppin' OAKLAND!
Finally Done planting her flowers .
cool, thanks! Have a fun & safe NYE celebration tonight! :)
there is no telling how it's going to be but I am so excited for sept to see it all!!
Busted right after dinner break. Ah10s on a A-7-4 all spades flop vs AA and red queens. No spade. Shitty tournament!
Even tho I sale rocks it fells good putting money in yo mail box
RT : SAN ANTONIO! Tonight, join at PEPPER... & at KLUSOZ
nah, just Friday
Wilson simply cannot miss. He has now hit 6 three pointers, 22 pts overall for the senior.
So excited to purchase a original painting! If you're in #Birmingham this weekend, check out her work at Lynn Park.
finally got the smell of dead baby pigs off of my hands <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B7>
RT : #Mothersday is coming up! For witty take on the "mother" role, check out video from HENNY ON THE COUCH author...
OK, after listening to Madonna's new album MDNA on Spotify 3 times (to win tickets to her tour), I might actually like it.
:( goodnight, hopefully tomorrow will be better!
I love darts!
RE the UW screw-job last night. NO explanation in arena. Huge breakdown in the relationship between the customer and the team/league, IMO
Congrats! That is great news and well-deserved. It's about time anyway.........
Ain't it the truth? RT : Sign of the times: Today the phrase "you're all thumbs" just means your very fast at mobile typing.
so i found out yesterday im not seeing on june 1st. pretty freaking upset. oh well. i'll meet you someday <3
what email do you want me to use? I will add you to my invitation list
Chicks that talk like they excellent n bed, & don't be bout shit <<<<
"it's basically a combination of jesus and jesus" i love this fanbase.
Good luck to everyone starting AAU this weekend, make the most of it!
A belated thanks for the #FollowFriday mention! :)
#oomf dm me asking to be my twubby umm thanks but no thanks but I am currently taken applications haha jk only taking apps for besties sry
Thanks for the shout-out!
#LiesBeforeSex Of Course I Love You!
"you're your own problem. but you're also your own solution."
Fortunately for print media, reading the AP news wire stories they publish doesn't work well for TV comedy.
Wow watchin my sister beat up my bro haha the men that america makes lol
So all you "IU fans".... Are you even watching the pacer game tonight? Or know who they are?? LMAO..
Happy palm Sunday! Ill be getting my palms at the beach <3
Hey! Have a great day!
haha yeah! Home run!
Awesome video! I hope it went well for you out there with the race. Enjoy your time in the islands.
We've gotten about 15,000 new fans lately thanks to Caine's Arcade. Welcome, everybody! Care to introduce yourselves?
Dear where did my direct messages go?
Thanks for the mentions and re-tweets everyone!
#TheReasoniWillSucceed is because i have focus and a mind set. :)
George, are u satisfied with JoePa determining when he leaves? I say he MUST LEAVE now
Same here, seems like its getting worse and worse to use :(
Courage is of no value unless accompanied by justice; yet if all men became just, there would be no need for courage. -Agesilaus the Second
whoa girl! You're going through your pre-pre quarter life crisis! J/k :)
U claim ur a bad b*tch; yet u have no house/car/job.. ur not a bad b*tch. ur doing bad, B*tch! There's a difference. Hope inspires u 2change
Tacos, margaritas, and "The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo." Really liked Trent Reznor's cover of "Immigrant Song" at the start.
EST. RT : Thanks for listening! Tune in again at 9pm when we'll re-air Jaime's "Face the Music Tour" show! nkairplayradio.com
these chicks are an embarrassment to all classy women everywhere!
Hey Champagne & Chickenheadz!
shows off all the new content in -- lots of cool new journals from over 200 publishers.
Thank the lord, I passed Econ.
Thanks for the shout out! we are here to assist! : )
Totally did a backhand spring layout step out, a front flip and all my dance on the balance beam tonight!! It's been 7 years
will send my people to cut marios yard twice a week so he can stay..
I hate Shane Doan. I hate everything about this year's playoffs, including rooting for the Rangers and Kings.
Cleaning up from the flood? We know it's hard work! Give yourself a break - take 20% of any Massage, Manicure or Pedicure today only!
Facebook switches all pages to Timeline tomorrow...is your brand ready? What steps have you taken to prepare?
I love making people laugh !!
It's who you are and who you strive to be that defines you
and it's GRAPE scented!!
Lol I love to look at the clothes my mom thought were cool in the 70s.
Does Education need a Howard Beale to say he's as mad as hell & not going to take it anymore ? Time 2 get #eLearning woven into our culture.
How did I miss this all day...excuse to eat Reese's Peanut Butter cups and the like
If for nothing else, McCain will spend centuries in purgatory for visiting this plague on the world; sadly, a willing world.
nothin like a good pair of booties... on a cold spring morning!!!
Need a legal document served to a Registered Agent in Chihuahua, Mexico.....CALL US!!! 877-527-5737
Back to the West coast tomorrow!
" Stop tweet watching SO I KNOW ITS REAL! " Lmfao that video is hilarious lmao
I really hate when a woman aint self sufficient.... a man don't owe u anything, take care of ur household...
oh I am so sorry. Wish we lived closer I would help you
love you too
500k kids in Haiti can't go back to school. Join me & and donate RT
he actually came to one of my classes once. funny guy.
Great tonight and tomorrow at 73. 80s for thurs-sat with spotty storms. RT what's the cabin forecast?
I think I washed my hair 3 times....wtf
Pouring wine for dear friends from at la comedy shorts festival... Huge hit!!
In love with life. Day after day I need to tell myself to be consciously grateful. reminds me too.
If you know me you know that i rarely give up on anything. I fight for what i want and I succeed.....for once...I'm tired of fighting
Seeing avengers again!! This time in 3D
N da bull will be active against ma man! “: DJ Kennedy to the Cavs... now two Schenley alumni in the NBA”
that is very polite! No such qualms here...there is a stampede when an email goes round announcing the arrival of cake.
I'm trying. I'm moving so slow this morning, I might as well be going backwards.
home with my Fanny...
maybe so but phillies -140 was a fucking steal.
If U think education is expensive, try ignorance. ~ Derek Bok
Watch Last Man Standing Se1 Ep24 Found Money
Fiction 20 Down baby!
Law and Order >>>> Cut the grass
Id do anything to meet my Channing Tatum Good Lord!!
Working on Web2Print
Did the Lakers just lose another road game to a whack team?! You have got to be kidding me.
I really think there's nothing better than Twitter & Facebook photos of your mother having fun. I love them all.
many things - still play games with kids + tennis, dance, vball, frisbee, crawling around the house, playing with my baby
Lowes is the best price, built a whole system there for less then $600
Someone take me out of this class <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
": practice by Drake" *Practice it is then*
hope all is well. I'm hoping I can make the audition for background on Monday. God bless. Wish me luck;)
They say the first step to recovery is to admit you have a problem, here goes....
Yes I am just got back
Had the privilege of speaking at my son's high school FBLA meeting today. Always happy to volunteer time supporting the next gen of leaders.
I hear watching #packers helps #gmat scores
re: I thought that was odd too. Who cares if the misspelled something? You know what she meant.
How do you feel Dr. King would want us to celebrate his national holiday?
My Weekend Gonna Be Fun
Lunchtime is around the bend - come join me for BarWorks
I got everything figured out! Thanks tho. Phil gave me pro version so I'm sure I'll have more questions later. Im way into Pyro!
"I cannot make decisions" Quote from my boss
OK looked at the sufganiyot pics - those look amazing!!
see u in an hour and a half. Try to get some sleep!
Happy Friday T!
Thanks for the retweet!
Being 30 really makes the #reality of not having fulfilled my #dreams yet (or even made a dent in them) #HAUNT me.
Thanks for the heartache USC. Fight on!
you say yes, i say fuck off get a life <3
running out of room to put all my shoes
Joe Pa
There aren't any really good alternatives? (and thanks)
Make your own guacamole bar and fried green tomatoes for dinner #sxswi journalist party!
Here comes the rain again. Falling on my head like a memory. Falling on my head like a new emotion.
he's at home this voyage! So I'm having to fill his shoes and keep the spa in business ;-) Sacrifices.
I look great with an haircut
That is sweet. You made the right decision.
If you ask your mom and I ask mine aha
It's not what goes in your mouth that defines u; its the words that come OUT
Good morning! Quick question for today: What is everyone's favorite kind of art?
Listening To Music Choice (Rock)!
Sick sesh at Trevor Selby's today. Back in SD about to sesh big with Tommy D. How about some wax dabs to start with!!!
What's your #SXSW2012 adventure?
Good Night <3
“: Those people that think they're the shit and think they're better than others, LOL bitch please” 50 % of my school
I wish i was #paperview tonite i would b paid lol
RT RT I Am Now following them i like they style they sound good!! :)
I purchased at Costco be4 but they were too big, I bought at Target, they are in the vitamin section.
idk what the hell I was thinking lol
thanks for the message! use my personal code SPRINGLOU to learn more about us...1 year free membership
Short run, I'd pick 1, Long run, I'd pick 2.
wasup bro. got a fya hook for u to make a beat over . imma come threw to the studio sum time this wkend
Hahaha thanks. I wish it was! WHY IS THIS WEEK GOING BACK SO SLOW!?
I'm annoyed
or any other apple device would be just lovely.
One week until V-Day! I hope Cupid shoots an arrow your way! <U+2665>
Urlacher out for the season!?!?! This sux...
Before spoke, dow down 300, after he speaks, down 500. debt man walking in 2012. #keepthechange mr. president
Ice Cream Truck:SONG Me:MOM THE ICE CREAM TRUCK!!! Mom:Really?! Me:YESS!! CAN I GET SOME?! :) Mom: no.
Stamps are outrageously expensive <f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00AB><f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00AE>
Question that if PSU spent 340K on crisis communication that we should ask for our money back
#WiseWordsToLiveBy : never trust a person who says "anything for a brother".
what's going on?
I haven't worked out in over a week...
haha you and my dad could probably get along lolol : )
Navigating the awesome trying to find where I'm speaking!
Why is it okay to say what u really wanna say on twitter but when you say it on facebook ppl get offended and rubbed the wrong way?
Great premiere for Fat and Back at the Rivoli.
The Baltimore Ravens are 2-0 in pre season, people are feeling pretty good about that in Charm City!!
Kati from Zynga makes a great point about how web or mobile apps #tech only amplify our experience of a real physical world
That's ok. This new setup is hard to figure out. LOL
Completely entertained by a ring on a necklace swinging over wrists haha.
I dreamed that pilot "Susan 313" an Roseanne's pilot "Downwardly Mobile" both got picked up.
Thanks for the reading!
Houston has so many fun places to hang out...where is your favorite hangout?
Really? Business trip? So grown up!
Clipper won!!! Now they Play the spurs!
I don't usually trust Bronson but today I think he will do decent
ah thanks again man :) I'm proud to be uncut! ;)
in the outfeild.
The Silk Tie likes NJLawyers! ties make the law sexy
and you know this!
It's now Oct.22 and we'll still here. Mr.Harold Camping was wrong again.The fact that there are more false alarms tell me the fire is real.
nice hit me up if u wanna meet up
": Getting fucked up cause ain't nobody fucking with me on my level" I CAN DIGG DAT
What would your ideal day consist of?
marquette out too? there go two of my sweet 16 and my 3rd final. the beer and the upsets are starting to look better
Both teams have too many fouls! Let's clean it up & end the night on a high note. Come on Florida State, Beat Cincy!
ignored me. I see how it is
I could really get used to this whole 3 day weekend idea. Wonder if 9news would be ok w me taking every Friday off
ya boiiii blast it out! follow follow
RT: It's 4/14! How will you be celebrating #MKE Day today ? >> by drinking some great
Blended low res program for special forces in different parts of military/civilian array
I think it would be DACS compliant to skip the acronym altogether :)
Haha! Me too!
HOLY MARY MOTHER OF JESUS ! AND CHEESE ! I AM SO JALOUD OF THATS TV GUIDE WOMAN ! id faint ! O:
Don't be afraid to change your mind when conditions change.
Really wishing for a really good HD lens for Xmas. Lol. Built in wide angle too. Maxing out on detail core matrix in P2 right now.
hi friend! When are we going to see you in DC? cc:
www.facebook.com/lastcallromance
Terminator X is a turntable god
Well folks we are going to be wrapping it up. Hope you enjoyed the Grown & Sexy Slow Mix.
:nice day to you :)
I think Olivia deserves the award for the best joke of the year.
Heading to my last Monday at with some pretty wonderful people.
Neat! Will keep an eye out. RT : I'll have a BBQ piece in this Sunday's Texas edition of the New York Times print copy.
With more than 1 billion local searches every month, this translates into a huge opportunity to attract new customers through the Internet!
So great to see the industry in action at HD Expo! Having a great time in Vegas networking with old and new friends.
Double OT would be good for my fantasy team ;)
you're welcome!!!! <3
ayooo get ready for the world premier FT -husband or wife - remix..fire summer anthem ya me kite
Second show added for Daniel Tosh at Landmark Theater in Richmond at 9:30PM - tix on sale now!
THANKS!! this is insane.
Better than - "We're going down"
I went shopping for yo god baby tonight where you told me to go and I cleaned up thanks boo lol!
huh, as of yesterday she was telling us all about it, so I assume all's well.
I like mapmyrun app too. Tracks your run, tells you pace, time, distance & maps the run!
Enjoyed the #CNNDebate tonight and watching Rick Santorum get owned.
Have a great trip!
Of course! Thanks for sharing your GF baking inspiration!
“: The eldest children in families tend to develop higher IQs than their siblings.” haha!
3.5 million dogs are euthanized every year. Don't get your dog from a breeder - adopt & save a life!
Yea seriously, that and assigning jobs for your assassins
That would be amazing! We should make that happen ; ) Your solo was out of this world, by the way : )
and i saw build a bear has a cow build a bear! D:< i must get it. loll
You Da Man!
is this the part where I rob you?
I hate Food Science, honestly I don't need it. Good luck getting married Miss. Marren.
Thanks, that's a fantastic thing to hear! Just saw for the first time. Reminded me why (live) music is my heartbeat
Gig 'em AGGIES!!! Goin to the national championship!!! I've always loved womens basketball I swear
spendin money like it owes me money
woo hoo! That just seemed fun to return:) happy Monday !
Shake not Malt!
I have the most amazing mom
Good Morning #Dallas- Make it a good week!
Don't hate what you can't imitate.
I'm surprised that even after the extra wait, it's still a relatively small update.
Night ;D
Who!!!! A nigga is figuring some shit out!!! Now all i gotta do is make this shit fit format!
Another silent call..
We vote wine :)
Oh the number of Twitter apps I've installed & deleted since yesterday. What's your choice Twitter client for iP?
Hi, Ron from Southern Oregon. Looking for some good ideas for using devices in the classroom.
The high is 70 today.
Nice job Cano
Just wanted to say "HAPPY BIRTHDAY"! I hope your day is very blessed!
Chances my left eye survives allergy season without turning me into a jinn: 40% and falling.
I bet Kanye would pay $100K to be next to himself! RT I don't think we should wait until Kanye West dies to roll out Hologram Kanye
well lett me knoww which day you decide !
nothing happened <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
And that's a wrap on the forest scenes for this month at least.
I think you should join the judges' panel! You make a lot more sense!! Love u Louis!!!
It looked good! I know it's a "comfort food" but some ppl swim in all the cheese(geez!)& butter.
Sunburnt and Exhausted... Mexico was a success.
Great Brewers victory-Hey Cubs Fans...How are those Granny Smiths tasting right about now!
Anyone up for some camp? I really really REALLY want to see #DarkShadows #ASAP!
jeans+fitted+layered shirt=shitty day
Starting a new relationship while holding onto feelings for an EX is basically cheating. Don't play yourself!
It's FRIDAY!!
There's a baby boom at the bronx zoo! So cute.
I'm done reading book "working it" and I'm offically ready for RPDR season 5 so come on, cast me! Robyn Banks is Ready! Lol
Nothing is more frustrating than trying to pay CenturyLink. I guess I have to find a physical bill to determine my account number. Assholes.
Not the look. He's got a (phone) camera in his hand.
Goodnight moon. Turning in with a long day tomorrow, a weekend in Boston, two auditions, a gig, work, and rehearsal before Monday am. PHEW
Marion graduation gone be so packed!
Attended the Brooklyn Real Estate Summit hosted by Green Pearl yesterday. Brooklyn is hot! Rents are up and new development is hot!
love your work!
There's a mockingbird outside on my balcony rail. I'm going to kill it to be ironic.
Also just learned its spelled Betelgeuse and not Beetlejuice
we go from txtin to tweetin but i just enjoy talkin to my twizzler
it' already DONE!!! Limitless possibilities. Show them how it's done. have a great rest of the day.
Sounds like a fresh quote from #HowDowgielloGotHisGrooveBack RT : Goddamn I look fresh today
Weird to see Seth Smith in an A's uniform.
btw, I am a native 607
PLEASE FOLLOW ME YOUR AMAZING :'D
Who is being racially profiled in the media? Is it George Zimmerman or Trayvon Martin?
If Austins heart was a prison, I would like to be sentenced for life
If it applies to you, Happy New Year ;)
I need a nap.
My little cousins are up to something.
Feeling good right now..
you were great in the 20/20 special on Islam!
who knew that when you gained fame in acting, it would help raise awareness for illnesses?! Keep up great work!!
Its a party its a party its a party ayee....a wii party lol
greatest weekend of all time
very cute and summery! :)
RT “Some people dream of having a big swimming pool. With me, it’s closets.” — Audrey Hepburn
Friends, they will be there when they need you... Not when you need them.
So Rick Santorium won the Iowa caucuses.
i want to eat your cupcakes.
Tell SonTard I said happy 8th birthday(; I turned 13 on the 30th(;
Looking around Feb.18 as of right now.
I have THREE prescriptions that are $43.00@ WITH Insurance, the remaining eleven are $7.00 or less each. Harmaceuticals need to be regulated
For the record Trayvon Martin's mom works for the Miami Dade housing authority and his dads a truck driver.
Can't read an entire tweet, can't view FB updates for all friends in a single feed, can't view either in full screen.
Grinding these days..double duty with my daughter Chrissy who is now competing playing-up in Girls under 16 singles she is 14yrs.old.
If I lived in California, I would be going to every single show possible.
Being a #couchpotato before I go to work blah!
Immaculate? :O
Babe's home! Now gym flow so maybe I can sneak a nap!
The show tonight starts at 7:00 PM! If you need directions, ask! Can't wait to see your pretty faces there!
And so, like a good but weak soldier, Komen has essentially destroyed itself: hardline leftists will never forgive it; hardline rightists w…
u follow curt schilling? Wtf
Priceless view of the past. Thanks for Tweeting! Happy Holidays from across the pond!
Next time decides to live tweet The Lion King and/or Aladdin, you must give me advance notice!
...I like chewing on two......peices of double-mint gum...
I'm really good at knowing when to bet fold and very bad at actually doing it.
I didn't have a coffee drink this entire day. Hm, maybe that's why I have an incredible headache.
Lmfaooo RT : Richard Pryor hit them free throws like it was nothing
Demi Is Gorgeous Point Blank.
miller lite dodge!!!
He said I just do stuff for attention... I just speak my mind. Twitter is my fucking journal
Inserting political commentary in lieu of artistic talent is fun!
taught rdg to struggling 6th and 7th gr.....it was their fav research project every year.
Pepper tonight at SDSU - free for SDSU students. What a deal.
my pleasure Pops!
So how was #AAM2012, ?
Nobel laureate and environmentalist Wangari Maathai is laid to rest in Kenya
good luck! So I guess I should come to town for the half marathon??????
I try to use it up in three weeks once I have opened up the bottle.
RT : Don't forget, the official hashtag for BlogWorld NY is
we're cuteq.
1 of my favs. I read this to my son's flag f-ball team who lost in 2nd round of playoffs Fri. We had a heck of a party tho!
Dead sleepy :(
DiRT Showdown Demo OUT NOW
In a strangely good mood, considering I only have 24 hours to submit this term paper. The end is near.
That awkward moment when your boyfriend retweets your brother. Eww.
Big it up Canucks. We are all behind you now. Check out every single playoff game
Who is down to go swoop some flowers for our moms?? Lol
Good you are going into business best of luck. still best times-news rev dunk photo vs us my sr yr
The more independent artists that can make a career of their skills the more diverse the music scene will be.
fair use in the classroom: should we be braver?
I get to wear my warm LL Bean coat tonight!! Won't get as much use as it did in the past, but I like it!!
I think i am starting to like cause he is going to be on CSI aAhhhhhhhhhh
dawhh!! Your soo sweet!! Your my fav love!!! We must catch up!! :)
Hey if you in da city monday, stop by HOLLYWOOD IMPROV 4 sum MLK DAY laughs, i got you A table, OG BIG SPIKE
Loving this couple on #propertybrothers James and I are both "not feeling it" but the brothers have vision. Want them here, now.
Passion - This is the key to creating that propelling motion that drives us all to success. Whether you have a
Klout has just informed that I am influential on the topic of "lightning." I also used to think "klout" was intentionally misspelled.
One of each in a cuddle puddle right now! #please and
What's in your #officebeerfridge? There's Samuel Adams in ours. :/
found you! Hope you enjoyed <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
RT : Risk of #autism US, as of 2008: 1 in 10,000. Risk of death from ALL vaccine "preventable" diseases: 2 in 10,000...
are on the website?
Thanks for the follow. If you guys are looking for a fitness expert, I'm your guy. :)
And lost Brandon Marshall - Don't forget that...
i am great too! :D
no wayy :o yours is alley..beautiful girl ;)
Yeah!! The best month! RT : it's our Birthday month!!! Woot woot!
high five!
Life is simple, its just not easy
Socialize the losses, privatize the gains.
We watched Rugrats Go To Paris a couple of hours ago
Welcome to twitter Coach:)
Working on my abstract for
Stoked for tonight's Tap Takeover Gonna try pairing Brrrbon w/ SPA's tasty chicken wings
Yes &/but similarly, virtual presence = increased relevance MT hyperconnectedness+virtual reality= want off-line exp
that bed looks MIGHTY comfy!
ezra jack keats exhib at
If I wasnt fat I'd where dat body suit had on in the #beezinthetrapvideo LMFAO...
Don't force 3s <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
hope it happens man!! I can't think of that yet haha don't wanna jinx it! This is so intense!!
Let's go Lakers!!!
i'm pretty smashed, lost my job, so liquor & a good friend are keeping cool & some music & ps3 & rambling......lol
Use your commission check to grow your business. Randy Gage
We'd love to hang out! The only time we're available is saturday evening for maybe a drink :) April is so packed for us
just smashed a dope dinner at ma dukes palace
NES Financial is currently at 66th Annual Convention!
Did anyone else's house just shake?
6000 and 40 tweets ago I brought forth twitter to my black berry. I tweeted and tweeted nonsense to hardly any followers. Nothings changed.
yeah summer beauty,
It's starting to rain here. Must be God crying for...well...God.
guess what larry has been holdin out on our class. He gave the second session new information
been up early searching, writing and arranging!
no you weren't.
ways good
Big thanks to and Catherine for decorating my car while I was at work.
Remember when #TigerWoods was popular? ...cheaters gon cheat
Bless U!
To my secret lover....no that wasnt directed to u.... lol
What is Angela from The Office doing in a Clairol hair product commercial? Good for her image? But still weird!
Mom was appalled when she found an excerpt from Justine was in a vampire compilation I had when I was 15. But she let me read it...
OK. That Brittney Griner dunk was pretty cool.
Sweet. Might have just scored a kickass shirt for half off.
The thanks go to your award-winning team for keeping spirits bright, stomachs full, and future flights assured!
Judge Ana Espana on Sweetwater TRO case: "These are adults talking to each other. It's distressing to hear these words from parent's mouths"
Easy, Breezy, Cover Girl!!!!
Another great event tonite with , , , , , and !
I have a sick obsession with ice cream... ah!
Showcase tonight. Scared but excited.
I think it went well. Thanks for asking! I'll keep auditioning while I wait to find out. :)
Looking forward to seeing friends and colleagues at the RMSLA South meeting tonight to talk about the alignment.
#WhatMakesYouBeautiful You're different from all the other girls.
announces that #Jets punter has joined the Twitter world.
cause we get that w 1 down more to go we hungry
Interesting: Conundrums in the Collections #nwaohc12. I once found yellowcake, but never had someone show up with a grenade in his pocket.
Just getting ready for the Big Game tomorrow. It's going to be an exciting evening with a DJ, music, pro basketball, celebrities and more!
It's times like these you learn to love again.
I non tried you
my phone is like messed up! I texted you back.
You aint gotta be a dime but you gotta be a nine
He has every attribute of a dog except loyalty. ~ Thomas P. Gore
hahaha I get that a lot
I'm telling U people; as nicely as I can n the correct genre of thought processing relative to Human history as an ongoing record; the Mafia
I got my HaleyWaley's back.
GUESS WHAT. I'm working on a new beautiful something that will be for sale on Monday! Maybe Sunday!
I've never performed in a circus
Tnight on 10 Late Edition on ABC5: Hundreds of conservatives pick a new GOP frontrunner, plus it's a cold night
Den Honey KOkaine gets shot in the arm behind your shit talk? YALL GOT THE OPPORTUNITIES PEOPLE DIE FOR AND YALL NIGGAS CAN'T EVEN BE COOL??
I was always a dreamer, in childhood especially
My vision of you is sitting in front of a TV eating Peanut Butter tracks ice cream from Trader Joes
Owe ... I feel an attitude coming
fair enough.
AH have fun at the show today!!
true! the reason we're here is because we demanded food fast and cheap. The hard part is, can quailty be made affordable again?
does not support member items in budget. speaker silver expressed he is open to putting them back in budget
We're starting a small businesses in the 43rd exchange at our monthly meetings next month. Hope you can join us!
Lakers getting schooled like Delinquents! I said Kobe was gonna do it! Just not necessarily today!
yum yum
Hoes on my dick cause I look like your mom
jus got up
#bandsilove - team sleep
A $12,000 SuperBowl ticket? I love it! Whoever bought that, gaygesuntaheit (go in good health).
RT : Blogging is content creation & content marketing rules apply: Audience, Approach, Plan, Tactics, Measure, Refine
It don't make sense for me to lose, I just don't see it
RT If it aint in a Rap Song.... Niggas won't drink it!
Big things coming from GDM! Stay tuned!!!
you bet. we think you're awesome.
My daughter's off to Santa Fe in the fall in her new #kiasoul and I'm so blessed I can't wipe the smile off my face!!
Congrats on the remodeling! Have a HAPPY Thanksgiving!
like idk twitter does it I guess.. I've been getting them ALOT! I got 53 today...
RT If you want a DM to Mikey Fusco! (Must be following )
o.o lol
Her name is rio and she dances on the sand <3
If Jesus can unlock death He can unlock any door. Revelations 1:18
you gotta put up that pic of you in your throwback duds.
You know, if I follow correctly, WORD.
Just for the record I've known 's music for like over a year ....but I guess I can share the love of his talent with u stugots
Messed up skirt on baby's dress. Have to go to store and buy more fabric tomorrow. Grrrr!
it's happened... is on twitter. follow her if you want in on the crazy #MyStupidHeart <3
Drinking caffeinated tea. Lady Grey, set my mind on FIRE!!
follow me!
About to have my first chick Fil a experience. No idea what to order. Who's got tips?
Ur followed love!!!! :)
always. always be nervous.
I'm sorry, I will leave u alone
I can't wait to see you tomorrow in Colorado springs I hope I get the chance to chat with you like I did in salt lake
Had a great time teaching Rogelio, Derrick, Eric and Cheryl tonight in my Long Beach Salsa class. Lots of laughs and great dancing.
24-yard loss by the Jets on the miss snap...2:15 to go in the half
OMGosh that is SO AWESOME! I'm so proud to be a "Fischie!"
Emmy is making Damien look like an angel. Dang. Disturbing, I can't finish my pink
please ask your guest what they hold as collateral
I c u
I think we need to honor this important holiday. M. RT : HAPPY NATIONAL PANCAKE DAY!!!
Finished an interview for Episode 15 and headed out to the official B pre-party in Austin tonight!
In the mood for emo music? I highly recommend the Teen Mom soundtrack.
Thanks for the mention!
Opposites do not attract. Don't believe it. You're faithful = They're not. Simple mathematics.
Doing my job with both hands tied is getting rather impossible.
“: I am unbelievably bored right now.” omg same <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Dummies get trigger happy when it gets a lil warm outside SMH......
Important news about the event on October 1st for all TFT members! Free and upgraded accounts are all invited.
Ima be too cold come Monday playin the 3 not my territory but I know how to play it
Should be great! RT : Ready for next week! 5 days filled with great speakers!
watching avenged sevenfold all excess ... favorite fucking band. ever.
1 Timothy 2:12.. Awesome! There it is right in the context!
That's what I say about you! Lol jp ily (: ": Bitch be hating : simon puta bishh!!!"
#Knock and #Rising enter post-production this week. Hard deadline at April 27th. #indiefilm -JO
if I'm out somewhere and a boy comes up and talks to me, no matter who they are my dad WILL give them dirty looks until they leave.
"Bazinga" from Big Bang Theory RT : Wow 3 for Booya right away :)
I wonder if Justin or B.J. ever referred to their significant others as "Upton Girls".
School is such a drag
I was afraid of that. At least my dog seems to still like me.
I like it because I can have my work apps on here also but there is no easy reply button RT : Thoughts?
Finding a mint xb12 for sale locally is making me doubt my need for a new four wheeled vehicle
I can never be too tired to play the drums!
Hit me up for your ADMIT 4 FREE Pass TONITE! NEW SATURDAY SPOT! ALLURE 2224 ELM Downtown!3 Levels w/ 3 Different Vibes!BEAUTIFUL NEW CLUB!
Your mom made breakfast for me and Canepa today. She was great last night. Thanks for sharing her.
Stop by today !!
Great. Fucking rush hour. That means there's accidents all over the place. Best case scenario, we confiscate some really good pot.
Davidson basketball.
:o I don't like bees.
Unfortunately we didn't win Family Biz of the Year for MA. It was truly an honor just be a finalist for such a large, recognized state award
nothing like being able to walk to your neighborhood grocery
shit my look! It still works but some of my tweaks tweaking!!!
contemporary artwork all originals for sale www.zanbeelart.com
Let's make it FOREIGN WORD FRIDAY. I'll start with PRATIES, (PRAY-teez) the gaelic word for potatoes.
Good thing I can think rationally.
#LebronOrDurant...umm easy, #MVP bc he doesn't Wet himself or shrink in the last 3mins.. #Durant=Clutch
Halftime - H.D. Woodson holds off Good Counsel - Leads 27-25. DC YOUTH ROCK!
props to for being our 500th follower. john, you've won a copy of our not yet released live album. direct message us.
Almost dinner time, why not dine in or carry out from the B!?!?!?!?!
If I could go back in time I would press the button to take me to the day cheese was invented.
Walking Dead restarts tonight..don't miss it:P
If your life needs some color, Call Protect Painters and no other!
hell yeah
Help us get 100 followers before our 50th show tomorrow!
it's what we're all striving for, right?
If it's important to you, you'll find a way. If not you'll find an excuse!
Thanks same to you Hun! :) “: Happy Mother's Day ”
A sad day for Junior Seau's family, friends, fans & SD community. Full story 4, I will take a look at his past in a live report
I need to find a paying summer gig but all I can focus on is trying to get clear of this semester.
Thanks for the follow!
- You got me thinking about why we don't more often promote archaeology as a source of modern social inquiry. Nice stuff.
Woo officially going to Warped!!!!
“Writing is like washing windows in the sun. With every attempt to perfect clarity you make a new smear. ~ James Richardson”. So true!
yea she is
At least every month, I send my ex bf at least $200 if nit more. He can't make it on his own....am such a sucker.
Theory: Based on its actual user-posted content, feminists should hate pinterest.
I LOVE PACO. I'm a creepy dog mom, and I fine with it.
New specials on the menu this weekend! Stay tuned for dets....happy tuesday peeps!
no well informed individual would have ever been in a position to see this coming ... lol!
Sorry that I'm not very excited about you being in a commercial and CONTRIBUTING TO THE DOWNFALL OF SOCIETY!
Hey. Chilling on the couch with No wallet but she bought me dinner. Couldn't get better.
Love you guys and love you
500+ RSVPs! RT : Gearing up for tmrw's Personal Finance for Recent Grads event on campus. RT if you are coming!!!
Cleveland is once again irrelevant..
Will you be doing feedings on Thanksgiving? Will be back in otown, and want to help out!
The weather is absolutely perfect! Can't wait for our Retro 70s party tonight - 6 to 9! Join us for live music, cocktail, great ambiance!
I hope you feel better soon my love. :3
good lord! Apple should start endorsing you guys.
yep! they started a new series 2 weeks ago. feel free to come early and catch up!
Why wasn't Narveson in at the top of this inning?
Have you found any polar bears yet??
I'd say ari..
I'm not completely sure but shouldnt Jamie Dimon be investigated a little bit?
You think Tebow enjoyed his Last Supper tonight?
RT if u wanna something happen.. GET 2 WORK!! UR GRIND defines the outcome .. so b prepared to meet the challenge
and I am glad our paths have crossed and a friendship was birthed.
Let us be your designated driver! Seats still available for Thursday's Bricktown Shuttle from OU, UCO, Tinker AFB! Only $15 per passenger!
I HATE AL ROKER
Student just contrasted JC/TS wearing no shoes during 68 olympic protest w/Jordan refusing activism b/c "Reps buy shoes 2". My job is done!
Are we really discussing gay marriage in a religious sense? Ugh. So Annoying.
Thank you, Quianna! I so appreciate that!
“: I really want a vernon maxwell jersey” That'll go nice with my crack pipe
A lot of Midland's clients film large videos and then re-purpose it for Social Media.
The girl that never steers me wrong.
I was told my spec of Parks and Rec is amazing by a current industry writer! Can I send it to you to check it out please?Thanks
Look nobody likes you. Ughh Qishebsxbcusiqlalsieuqbslciamzmsoslshalsnbslabe
Three free t shirts today. Not bad.
Why the fuck am I awake
Heh. No announcement yet, except to our families. I decided on Georgia Tech. Yikes. (I may need moving tips from you :)
Playing on Main Street tonight during the Joplin Art Walk! We'll be giving out FREE cds and selling shirts while supplies last!
I wonder if Jeezy goin make a
Rayle' up lickin my feet & my arm she doing 2 much then she slapped me n my face & pullin my hair she bout 2 get beat up this morning,lol
Hi u contacted me regarding bad info. I have a stalker and need that info please
On Youtube I keep seeing something called Kony 2012. Can someone tell me what it means?
And I quote "This is hardly the party of the century."
Chasing Disaster will be "Featured Artist" on Reverb Nation the week of June 25th.
RT : ... given that trend, it will ultimately be unsuitable for enterprise storage or even a server side cache...
Hello stranger! LOL Have a great weekend Dawn.
I'm eating cereal and really, really wish my Honey Nut Cheerios were Count Chocula.
If I ran a sex toy distributor I would make sure every shipment went out in packaging that read "FRAGILE, OVERSIZED DILDOS"
thanks, Nick!
I really can't wait until the weekend.
Uhm no u'r not!! ": I'm going to be my daughters prom date.. IDGAF"
Reptar, King of the ozone #thatsmyjam :)
Artists well worth the follow
Missed my shuttle so they send me a limo instead...I'll take it!
Oh, and come back to work here, will ya?!? We miss you, too!
Im told my goonz we gonna be rich 1 day!! GOTTI!!!!
please austin come visit your fans one more time.at northstar befor you leave " ;(
when #oomf says they "butt dial me ". you know they is lyin they just wanted to talk but does have the balls to say it
Bet RT : lol! I'm there bro
Any one know a good way to network some music music?
:o haha really?
Or a Morneau concussion!
I know people who are willing to go there for silymi so.. & do you know how much all stars is going to be? :o
I hate Wednesdays.
yeah I've heard that before. Problem is I rarely get pissed...it takes a lot to get pissed.
In the car headed to Tampa with my wife. Listening to Ed Sheeran, this gots the shit!!!
We're excited to see what you come up with - good luck! RT : Scraping ! :D
So thankful for a gorgeous day at Penn State and beautiful weekend in PA. Pictures coming soon from my multiple garden visits along the way
what happened?
There was a man on a horse and I killed a guy with a trident.
the wife made me watch! -bway
RT Couldn't "mind of god" be a metaphor for all knowing and predictive? #ttw12 #d2 - digital omniscience?
My brother moves back home this weekend :)
Happy 15th Birthday!!! <U+E112><U+E312><U+E310><U+E34B> Hope you have an amazing Birthday. :)
he is such a tool
What's your #leadership style? Self-aware leaders are characterized by clear sense of purpose & a consistent way of interacting with others.
Omg! We will be reunited, been missing u guys
LMAO hey you never know maybe I do it AL (; RT as long as you're not flying the plane on Saturday we cool <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
WeAre #UTSA capital campaign announcement of $93.4 mil is gr8 news! Thx to all who attended last night. fired it up. Wow!
yeah you are
Marathon Monday! Run down here for a few pints and some lunch! It's a great day to be out in the city!
The main difference between a visionary and a dreamer is action.
absolutely so. Just had a tear or five drop. Continued blessings to you love. #ShineOn <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
That'd be sweet. And selifshly, would make a great story to write.
Is it September again?
Family dining at Big Cheese in South Miami. Using our Miller Deal coupon
thx 4 following, and for your bicycle initiatives and your involvement with Asians and Pacific Islanders during Census 2010
RT : The brave may not live forever but the cautious do not live at all.
never give up on your dreams <3 --goodnight, (: <3
haha yeah brother
Did you launch any rockets today?
our words will/ not change/ if we persist/ to believe in them
": I feel about Anchorman 2 the way many teenage girls feel about Catching Fire" Samesies #RonBurgundyismyPeeta <3
That match was probably shorter than the Sheamus vs Daniel Bryan match at Wrestlemania. gg Layla
Only if we understand can we care. Only if we care will we help. Only if we help shall they be saved. -Jane Goodall
please follow me cause i will #NSN! and there will only ever be #Onetime when you follow me and today could be it x 40
You are so awesome and I can't wait to se what else you have instored for us all.. Keep me updated..
Almost positive you guys will shit yourselves when you hear what's in store for you guys! 2012, let's make this a good year yeah? \m/ (;
Huge: Nuggets headed back to Denver Thursday night. Wow. Denver beats Los Angeles.
Instagram does NOT.... (I repeat) «does NOT»... make your a photographer!
More relationships would last if people treated the ones in their house as well as or better than the way they treat those outside the house
Did you make a Q and A video??? If so may I have the link to it????
did you get my facebook request
Gotta love the Raider kick coverage team...
: Wishing Everyone a Very Happy and Prosperous New Year! May GOD BLESS You All with All the Luck, Success, and Happiness!!!! :))))
Heading to Rancho for 's Cinco de Mayo party! This kid has way too many parties... ;)
~ thanks for the RT!!
at least for ARod and Kobe those were salary numbers. Pacman leads the way.
Hello Christmas break! I have missed you! It has been a while! I love a great reunion!
(cont.) It's like those damn Activia commercials. You know for damn sure that no one in their right mind does that shit!
Congratulations. I think paper.li is on to smth 'library'!
I sense a little gay, am I wrong?
I know! It's a Christmas miracle, Charlie Brown.
I know you're better than that. You can do better than someone who crys over not being able to sit somewhere when there's plenty
picking up another dumpster in midtown! would be happy to haul stuff away for you!! Tweet or call if you've got something for us! 7134649200
Wouldn't matter. Educational system here is so bad that it's amazing they spell anything right that has more than three letters.
sure :D
For these teriyaki fajitas to be this good.....
Yeaah, it need too be because i stayed home from school today and I'm boredd. It don't be gettin live until like 5 though
The Dell #WIMSS in Singapore is a meeting of 120+ Dell imaging employees from around the world, meeting to set strategy for the coming years
RT : Today in 1995: Bomb explodes outside Alfred P. Murrah Federal Bldg in Oklahoma City, killing 168. Lessons learned:...
Daz Ravage has recorded a new personal best time on Krugerfontein in Real Racing 2 for iPhone and iPod touch!
RT DWNTWN Concert Summer Series:FREE performances begin w/ "City of God" & Chris Cauley on Friday May11th at 8pm!
cool I'll hit u up after work
Cuz the strongest is the best to have...LOL :-)
A diplomat is someone who tells you to go to hell in such a way that you look forward to the trip.
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much! Will you please follow me back???! <3 :) 37
Is everybody watching love&hiphop
I'll take a page from your good attitude then. Go me! :)
Hello Monday, new followers & old tweeps! "All life is an experiment. The more experiments you make the better."
We have one extra ticket for the Great Taste. Face value $50. First one to reply gets it.
You will face trouble & persecution. 2 Timothy 3:12 A life with Jesus doesn't exempt you from that: it helps you to be better prepared.
Someone should Dm so I can give them my num and txt them I'm bored af
Phoebe Snow — one of a kind. RIP
I love you <3
Possibly a hip injury causing a misalignment. I adjust a lot of knees, feet and hips. Common problem areas. Give us a call
Why are people driving so slow today?
I didn't catch much of his work during those games, was referring more to his brief stints on CSNNE's shows
Extremely disappointed with the amount of inflatables in the undergrad area. Step it up.
Back from bootcamp and completely soaked! Am I training for a tri?
Every one check out $h*t Peterborough ppl say. Starring and
aw ok ok, wht studio you going to ? And youtube me deandre751 listen to my song Wanna Be
Thank you for the RTs Rick!
Aw! Happy Mother's Day Hot Mama!
Lmao !!! How e gone tell em his cum is concentrated #death!!!
Not sure it ever was. RT : is this still true? RT "Not everybody trusts paintings but people believe photographs." ~Ansel Adams
Bought everything I need to start making my own beer.
Hey guyz at my grandma house yeah buddy
We would rather die on our feet than live on our knees.
I will email them over to you tomorrow. Messy is not even the word! The fact that we got through uni and settled down is a miracle!
Stop playing with me
Homeless Pick-up line: Your Box or mine?...
Oh Mariners. Please get a hit when I come to the game tomorrow. And maybe a run?
Going to kirby later for their band concert!!!! :D cant wait to see everyone i know there!!!
Sometimes there can be too much structure. It's a field trip, a reward for hard work & good behavior. Relax the rules a bit!
definitely looking forward to reconnecting after CES -- hoping we can do something musical together!
Aren't conferences just with one kid, and mini-lessons with the whole class?
When people assume I'm mad. Um no I'm just annoyed . Then you give me attitude , well then now I'm mad.....
ahh i see. did you ever see it? was for lucille ball - a TV with channels, volume, etc.
Let the wedding festivities begin! Manis & pedis at #nails&company So excited for
Teaching. Tried to catch a bunny that is definitely not wild..but it was too fast. Even tried the Cadbury cluck to lure it out...
if I do it I will! My hair is black!!
Art is the most intense mode of individualism that the world has known.° - Oscar Wilde
NXBL (PRO DOUBLE DIAMOND BASEBALL) Watch live Broadcast at www.n-xbl.com Orlando vs Tampa today at 6pm at St Pete.
harsh but true words. I was a huge fan of his, until he left SI.
We spent 4 hrs in Prospect Park with 5 y/o twins & a 10 y/o (+ parents). Came home & weeded, spaded & swept outside. Um, whose life is this?
depending whether you have one or not. HAHA
Dobson's is an ideal destination for dinner before a show at nearby Spreckels, Lyceum, Convention Center, Symphony Hall, 4th & B, etc
Sure! Its a fave of mine and only 5 weight watchers points. Hope you like it!
Corporate clientele now?!?! Not bad!
RT : God is doing more in you and through you then what life is trying to do....to you.
Here for the final run of Internet Week with of Percolate & of Know Your Meme talking Science of the Spread
Calm down...
Welcome to the brigade
Just shake it, gyrate it, wobble in place, do the butt-quake, dive from the stage, shake what ur Momma gave ya - let the music save ya!
Just confirmed a reality tv show with Warner brothers!!!!!! Hells yeah!!!!!!!
More pictures of Kareen Abdul-Jabbar standing next to people 20-22 inched shorter than him, please.
Alrite, who has a metal detector/bigass magnet?
Another dirty martini for you miss dont mind If I do
That was your Cinco De Mayo & pre Mayweather - Cotto fight TECH update...enjoy my Twitter friends!!
I can't find my DS lite charger, but I can find my phat DS charger, why can't they just work on both?
We're the majority when half your fans claim, 'I like both.' You won't hear that nonsense over here.
Aw i love when you lie to me :') honestly your so sweet when you lie<3
I'm so into Google a day!
Hands down 21 jump street was the funniest movie I've ever seen lmao!!!!!
me too! “: #wcmia has been great - hope that Wordcamp Orlando #wco meets up again this year!”
But nothing can be changed until it is faced
Bowling with and I'm still somehow "good".
thanks for the shout-out bud!
Omg #madmen : Roger Sterling drops acid!
THX for your kind words:) keep well #1!! & welcome on board this TEAM of angel survivors so no one faces cancer alone, thx!! :)
": Everyone who bought PPV, who came out to Vegas and #TheMoneyTeam -- Thank you."<=fasho that $70 was worth it!!
Made it in!
That's what i'm saying RT : Out of all people Blake?? Nough said
They're making The #Lorax into a movie starring Taylor Swift?!???
Periphery, The Human Abstract, Textures and The Contortionist tonight at The Rock. Come and hang out. :)
just feel its a silly ritual especially as he gets older. Oh well
I'm a bit sad I'm home tonight and not at The Troubadour seeing Kimbra.
the GOP? Or conservatives?
hanging wiith my bestfriend planning my bday party on friday
Planning SES NYC anyone have the party scoop?
How did you hear about Paradise Fears?
yes, you have a dentist appointment.
I wish I could have come:(
#yobitv - forgive him. is having a rought night. His razor was broken this morning.
thanks for the review, love the video!
yes. They were at the exit on your way out.
shut up sloth...
Is that a burger... with an... ORANGE on it? Win-win-win for the burger, the orange, and the eater I'd say.
I'm faded, faded, faded haha.
They debate the Wade/ LeBrick thing everytime the Heat lose in a close game that comes down to the last shot.They both suck.
You can construct the character of a man and his age not only from what he does and says, but from what he fails to say and do.
not sure but his 'take this longing' is ;p
Avatar is definitely the longest movie i know of but is still pretty dang good
This mountain dew #BajaBlast is hittn
Me too :D
Starting the marathon Friday night trip to the Cape!
I would go get some ginger ale and crackers or something but I am broke. As is everyone these days...
Sonoda's Sushi LODO, serving Downtown Denver since 1995.....Off day for the Rocks, Tonight the Nuggets Finish the Reg. Season #Denver Sports
Texas governor now requires PEO's to provide workers’ comp loss information to employer clients in a timely manner.
Managed to get ninja cat to the vet. Her diabetes is under control with diet, no need for insulin! So glad I adopted this "wild" beast.
"Sex Drugs and the American Way" ends this Saturday June 5th! If you haven't seen the show yet, there are still tix available. 414-278-7780
how does these girls know about zayns dance video ?
Good Morning World!! Currently at 8:27am in Atlanta, GA it is 32 degrees. High: 61* Low: 34*
Wrap your mind around this: the number of sexually abused men equals the population of almost 15 of the lowest populated states.
There ain't shit to do though.
Grrr Taxes, Grrr! It's 3 am and I have been working on you for about +3 weeks and may be only half way! Grrr.
RT : Need access to top consultants? can help. Resume reviews, mock interviews - it's all here > www.evisors.com
Hey , stop hating on the #DBacks! Also, start a game with me on Hanging w/ Friends. I'm over WWF :)
Will there ever be a way for a server mod/plugin to add custom blocks without the need for players to have the client mod?
Cell phone in left hand, cig in the right, which one to drive lady?
Fuckin Ethan eating 10 slices of pizza.
Oh my gosh.. It's almost been five months.. This is crazy.
Goons outside of the house with firearms.
“LIKE” if you are counting down the hours until the weekend starts
if was there id be ur superwoman and make them leave u alone. OneAndOnly<3
"Expect the best and you'll produce the best"
fair well fair weather; moving toward the chill aboard a flying ship.
#herworld so impressed to learn about the work U do from Keep it up. 2gether we can make a change
I sincerely miss those heavy metal bands...
Well maybe your action should be to press my follow button :)
I ain't swimming in the Lake or the resevoir. Ewwww. Although the Ramble does have a lovely stream.
I've been thinking of using fb groups, but I need to do some research on their privacy settings.
Omg. We just got the nicest hotel ever
#Milwaukee "Models" <<<<<
Let's GO #therealmattkemp! Bring them home!
and counted for a run...
Thank you!!!
Trusting the Process!
Dude all your rodeos end in you getting owned. Not a single win in 1,000,000 plus twitter fights.
U SMILE I SMILE WWWOOOOAAHHH <U+2665><U+2665><U+2665> AARRGGGGG <U+2665><U+2665>
Absolutely my pleasure, and thank YOU!
Sorry followers, if you got a message that 'someone is posting bad things about you', its a scam, don't click it, change your PW if you did!
any chance you'll be running any specials for signing up for packages, etc during soft open week?
thanks -- 50 total from my top weight, but doing the math has helped unplug the emotions and help me focus.
RT : Cleveland Park: All entrance escalators out of service due to mechanical problem. Buses are available. the station remains open.
Great screening! Great feedback! Many thanks to Nicole Freim for her hard work in pulling such a dynamic set of panels together.
I'll be a guest on KOGO's show Monday to talk about why all this "sex slave" speculation re: Killgore case is stupid. Tune in at 7:35 a.m.
haha agreed :) it's a cool new approach to ombre!
haha yes! Hey arnold was the best
Blake with the dagger!
lunch, & a couple more hours....
hit my line g
I like it lol and which y'all fav sport?
#listofTurnons a shaved pussy
My roommates are shooting a "gangster" music video and asked if they could borrow my clothes.... Haha no comment.
oh cool. U no its a new one on state
yes. Max Major Payne....
I noticed that you do smell your hair occasionally
Alright, I'm all out of tea, tweets, and tofu, but elfin' overstocked on hipsters, so I guess it's time to hit the road.
We would love to be featured by as "the" place to shop in Louisville for your international food needs
You drink some drinks, you find tequila....then the nights over
Great song choice - very well done
Ha! Thanks! Hope your carving skills are sharp, Mayor, in case it becomes a trend.
Seriously, if anyone is the film industry I will follow because no matter what... We're in this together now.
you are the sweetie pie of RT's! Thank you friend XOXO
sure thing man sounds good.
Auntie Em's MoCafe' Frozen Custard makes it's debut today. Come in for sample.
Nighas act worst than females
Jim Carey turns 50 today.
Eggs, mahi mahi, tuna, and rice don't mix well....
email us a link to your music. We might use one of your tracks in the near future for the show.
The game is pretty good, as far as I am concerned. It would be better if it had a point to it, though. :P
": Minnesota's weather is like Niall picking his favorite food. #MinnesotaProblems"
RT i need a translator in new york city who speaks bahraini arabic ASAP. #bahrain. please help.
Anyone having a problem getting onto Chase Bank's online site. It keeps bouncing out to search engine on me.
how LA win the series? Cause they better nigga
Need a Lakers jersey. Not to wear like some of you fucks. But to have. As a fan.
Since you and are back doing pods again, are you going to be doing a Plus One?
lol hopefully for like half an hour
LIVE IN THE MIX TONIGHT AT RANDYS BALLROOM!!! ITS GONNA CRAZY AND VERY PACKED!! DOUBLE DEBUT!!
"Armadillos have four babies at a time and they are alway all the same sex."
I just learned that we've shifted from zone 5 to zone 6a. Yikes.
in which city are you currently found in!? (aka living in)
sorry to see you go. hitting my follow limit again
I got my cup filled up, we came to have a good time so turn my music high we gonna tear this place up.
If anybody needs a cranky radical to run their tiny little broke library, rest assured I can
Oh, you have a tattoo on your lower back? You must have been hot stuff in 1996.
girl i wish. With these 3 majors i'll be a Dec grad. Btw, its been far too long. I never see anybody :( i be feelin alone lol
@ gottaeat tough to follow Gaga from Harvard
My son taught himself to knit..I was thinking..maybe there is a niche for him in a project like yours...keep up the great work!
alright so
#fml #valentines is coming up soon and I don't have anyone :(
u just earned my #respect 85 rage on RT : No!!!!! Support the artist n buy the album please. Alot work goes into their craft
“: who's going out & getting reckless tonight?” where's the poppin place?
Awww. They're adorable!
Very excited to be speaking at #gwcms class this morning about online strategy & agency life.
#thingsthatshouldbeoutofstyle Guys wearing skinny jeans
I only use it to be a little more polite. I try to keep it Rated G on here.
returning 's calls is required.
how are you gonna have an argument and then walk away?
Hubby has to go to an Army training in VA. Flight is supposed to leave at 11 AM. This will be interesting.
Shoot the ball, Gasser.
thanks! With your help I'm moving up ;). <U+2665>
We're not all bad...
I'm so proud to be a Angel. I'm so proud to support and love a boy from Gold Coast Australia. Hater's opinions about Cody are not important.
Im trying to make filia, parasoul and peacock work. But parasoul is hard for me :(
Reading "Free the future of a radical price". Paints a vivid picture of the media business models over the last 80 years. Must Read.
I have literally spent this entire morning looking at photos of myself...
A surf board just arrived. #40U40 photo shoot.
#MyBiggestProblem is being too hard on myself.
IM RIDIN ROUND IM GETTIN IT ...
My boyfriend is skating & doesn't have his phone on him & I don't wanna go all the way to the oaks -.- fuck man.
wat is it i want to kno
Nerd :P
I have been able to listen to you guys for the past 3 days at work without hearing a repeat
Cool, I'll get back to ya. haha
Check out the great nonprofit organization which encourages the discusson on epilepsy. Started by our friend
You're disrespecting OTISR Temple!
.. hey hun .. not sure if ill be here Friday yet but if I am, I'll come thru!
thanks gents. :)
Aww, she's a cutie. Happy birthday to your kitty cat. :D
The moment the Twin Towers fell is day that will NEVER been forgotten in all American History
Thanks for the RT Carmen. Have a great weekend!
you've lost your retweeting privileges.
Thanks so much for the kind words! Also,globbing is done by the shell before ruby gets called but it should've gotten a mention
Omg only 19 more this is amazing!!!! :D
Group 9, Economic Vitality: using all group's elements for economic vitality, actual people create network, crowd sourced ideas
i love u
Screw you Clint Bowyer and while I am at it, you too David Reutimann!
It's been 5 yrs and 2 kids.....why do I still feel like I live in a bachelor pad?!?!
- I don't but I will make sure to keep you in the loop! I can't wait to go! - Lunch any time just pick a day & I'm there.
How bout then pens last night!!:D
I spent 50 minutes Running. 646 calories burned.
goodnight sweetie :) <33
amateur hour lol
I think ima get the samsung galaxy !
one minute please
I Hate Wen People " Think " They Know It All
RT :Out here in Juneau, Alaska with the homies , , , +More Killing It!!
Bobby Bottleservice, full service, the service
blak-n-yello & Platinum Prospects presents: BKNY In the Main Room: Resident DJ/Producer Tyrone "mixologist" Francis (blak-n-yello) + guest
The Boyfriend music video........ Ohmygosh.
People get sick in California?
AND SAY SOMETHING LIKE "YOU RUBBED ME THE WRONG WAY," SHE LIKED ME AFTER SHE "GOT TO KNOW ME." FUNNY HOW EVIL SHE IS. AND SHE DRESSES
My eyes are on fire.
No matter how smart you are, your heart always makes you dumb.
Dear crystal, I'm bored. Just doing my Spanish project and painting golden balls. And wasting time in Twitter stalking people.
We are looking for interesting speakers/topics about the Future of #Rehabilitation Tweet us your ideas!
You talk funny, Boston.
RedSox Radio- "Reynolds led the league in errors and Strikeouts last year. That's hard to do!"
then go to your kitchen and make some
My lor sista get on my nerves about netflix to early for this shit
One of my favorite people was at my gig today Jennifer Lopez with her manager Benny Medina
Getting my shoes shined during long layover in Denver. Now I don't have to do it myself.
Friend and Starbucks barista thought it would be funny to add two espresso shots to my coffee. Now I can't sit still.
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) Will they come to Anchorage, Alaska? :D 2
I'm just here to help
3 things certain in life: death , taxes and Nowitzki. what's up?
thanks =) did you hear I'm road tripping through NE next summer?? finally going to get to see glorious Ogallala!
Bummer. Don't tell Em I said that. #xoxo RT : Heading to Houston for the first Christmas with the in-laws (@ San Diego Airport)
To love is one thing, to be loved is other thing, but to be loved by the one you love is everything.
Having your class in the hall #likeaboss #clevage (;
Thank you!! Yes, I think I will blow his mind right now :)
Its crazy..i just passed my grandmoms house..i would go see her but my so called uncle is there..fuckin loser..ugh
Is that really necessary...
Thanks so much!! How about you, do you play any music?
No ideas. Going to go drink a bottle of wine and draw borders on 500 pieces of 8.5x11 paper.
#Politics How can people think of having Newt as president. This guy has been in congress 4 decades & hasn't help d people of this country.
sounds like something the Bush administration would say to get you to buy a war they were selling. Or the
well there's only one answer to that; banana nut!!
Forget not that the earth delights to feel your bare feet and the winds long to play with your hair. ~ Kahlil Gibran
Hey Detroit! I have over 1000+ blank eyeglasses that we would like to donate to a local charity or several. Pls DM me any suggestions. Xo
That is just WRONG!!
Great minds really do think alike! Nice to e-Tweet ya!
thanks. yeah, forensic meteorology is fascinating to me. He was a great interview.
that's funny because I just screen shotted that and sent it to her <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> let's see how much she loves you now!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Huntsman believes US colleges & universities are underappreciated, underfunded but still the best in the world
I'm not Fred Flinstone, but I can still make your bed rock.
RT : The best way to predict the future is to create it -Jason Kaufmann
If you're not following the hottest player in the NFL Please go follow now >>
She the best bitch i own.
Former #spurs legend #Jürgen Klinsmann new coach of the US soccer team - exciting times ahead for the US of A.
We primarily work with clubs in the South Florida area but also do private trainings as well.
We've got the new issue of , and it features some downtown #Madison local music venues. Stop by and check it out!
Watching The Lion King with my baby cousins. It's not a good weekend for my family. If you care about someone, let them know.
congrats on the b under-30 nod!
The night is dark and full of-OMG WHAT THE F JUST CRAWLED OUT OF HER??!!
What up Bro! Need some tracks...Lace me up!
and if you're gonna caucus, do it right.
cant...stop...listening...
My husband is a cop and we LOVE the show. Keep up the good work Hatosy!! PLEASE give the fans more
u at x-lounge tonight?
Session thru and be on the lookout for Caztros new track with video thats why session thru someones gettin it told to em
conjugation might be wrong, but by marionetas I mean sustanivos pardon
trying my first mangria tonight and loving it!
Glad to see Lakers go to seven.
I like this chick... She ugly but she cool lol
lol real talk
Why can't it be the way it used to be....
Yes! I will DM you my email and I'll pass it along to the right person. Looking forward to potentially working with you.
he's dope
You tell her bro!
Gherardo Casini jokes about "Washington consensus" on use of XML for leg open doc standards
Degrade the value of our labor, blame the culture of higher ed for structural deprivations, and then reinvest for massive profit. 2/2
That's why I downloaded and rewatched the season finale of #Castle :D
Watching n drinking heavily! RT : If you want to see unbelievable tension, turn on ESPN2 right now. These last 20 minutes...
If I could figure women out...I'd write a book n make me millions¡
Bored a/f
thanks for the add
yeah!:) u going to youth on wemdsday??
I WISH I could go to the game...I will be watching it on TV (which seems weird considering I'm in town).
Sunny & Bee-Yoooout-Ifull in Feenix! Time for the pool & some sun!
I'm sofocated .
LI'L D, to stranger: I miss daddy! STRANGER: Where is he? LI'L D: Hiding at home!
Aw, I dunno... I sort of find K. Thomas's "book every 20 years" thing endearing. And they're good books too. That quote is silly tho.
Filling out our annual report card
aww <U+2661> your Xmas card!! so sweet. year long fridge art.
Hair color is the pigmentation of hair follicles due to two types of melanin: eumelanin and pheomelanin.
Oh boy! What a fun contest to judge!
If i said it i meant it
It's semantics. Whether you quote it or came up with it, is the same. If you didn't agree, you wouldn't have said it
as bad as watching Chris Matthews MSNBC interrupt his guests you can never hear the other persons point of view
What are your favorite herbs to use in gelato #recipes?
i said youre!!! That counts as one. Whatever i deleted it
"I'll be back one day"
gelaskins! I'm half-tempted to get one of those in addition to my case. They're sweet looking! And I can customize it too!?
Gold..RT : Good Morning! They normally post 7-10 days after your closing date. Which Amex Card do you have? -Rachel
its a struggle everyday were stressin, but whats a life without dedication?
so i guess we started a trend for wisconsin-themed rap songs, huh?
'Liberty is kissing the one you carelessly in public
So enjoy Woody Allen movies!!
#nowplaying. Old Friends 4 Sale by Prince
Can't wait until I'm away from this fucking place.
We are testing today, so should be monday or tuesday of next week.
:D that's what I'm here for!
what kind of ecommerce work do u do?
"LASERS! THEY DO EVERYTHING WITH LASERS!" haha
steven segal movie !!!
If you hold a cat by the tail you learn things you cannot learn any other way ~ Mark Twain
First act done, one more to go :D
Hey Robin! I'm trying to figure this TweetDeck thing out. This is supposed to be EASIER? LOL! I have lots to learn! See ya! :)
Drinking water keeps you hydrated and oxygenated. Ditch the high-sugar sodas that make your energy crash.
60 minutes blows my mind everytime
I'm getting sleepy now!
Quote of the Day: Life is not about Winning or losing! If you win, You gain & If you lose, You Learn!
my goal is to redeem Bruno Mars in your head by the end of the summer. Since you choose to hate my
Yes, already done =) !
Daily Tip: Plan and use the safest and most direct route to your destination.
Community Supported Music. CSM puts dollars in the pockets of local musicians, enhances local communities and contributes to a good vibe!
those star wars figures don't buy themselves you know....
": If You're <U+0418>ot Ready To Risk Everything, maybe You Don't Want It Bad Enough. . ."
. Lists of photos make sense to me because unlike other rich media you can view them at work.
cnn just reported 3.6% up for holiday season...that's great!....
Oh boo! Would have loved to hve seen you, but this was an unexpected stay from my trip home from Cancun!
A real boyfriend knows his girl like the back of his hand. he knows when she's mad, sad, aggravated, happy, hurt, because that's his girl.
"You fat fucker, You fuckin molee, You big piece of shit, You tried to trick the gucci"
Nice job on Wieber
and now it moves to the legal challenges...
You can't expect these youth to do better if nobody is teaching them better.
Diggin the new album :)
Always been a Knick fan. makes it so im NOT ashamed to admit it. Lol.GO NY GO NY GO!
Happy Birthday!!!!
Indigo Tree Publishing is not in the habit of recommending other's books, but Roger Ebert's Life Itself, A Memoir should not be missed
If your morning is starting out rough then the McCafe Caramel Mocha will be the smooth change you are looking for!
Yes!! RT : #Carnival has arrived!
texts that he sent her & I was like "YEAHH NIGGA. YOUR FAULT. YOU'LL MISS ME.(; OHWELL I WONT MISS YOU. NIALL IS MY HUSBAND."
god i love Niam. i go down with that ship hard.
Anyone have contacts/referrals to either Offices of (Juvenile) Justice? or Chicago ?
That's right
I learn more when i read what girls write on the bathroom stalls more than i do when im actually in class smh
Up late last night finishing DAUGHTER OF In awe! , u r a treasure, weaving myths infused w/ so much heart & soul.
So happy for u and Bill! <3Blessings<3
i see that being a problem in the future.. fuck it though its now and im young.
Ready to get back into the gym!
Chicago Bears First Round Wide Receiver History: Fan&#39;s Look
everybody to have the 21 in their pic, either on a piece of paper or with their hands it doesn't matter :)
It is really hard for internetional students to remeber so much professional words...especially the geology class...
thanks for stopping by today John, it was great to meet you...glad you liked the banh mi!
Only the place 2 be Come check out surrendernightclub Only
But not on ! RT : hrd frm Pats fan on USS Carl Vinson that Pats -Broncos is Amern Forces Ntwrk fans choice game of week
When Dorian and I have conversations about K-Pop, that's when you know it's true love.
you told me to.
alright watch
I never worry about u. Except maybe when u act a little too crazy. Oh that's right it's not an act. Haha
Prayers for your mom, Sara. What an extraordinary touching post.
Take a look at yourself in the mirror. Who do you see looking back? Is it the person you want to be or the person people want you to be?
#Winning RT : My 2 (uneducated) picks would be "I'll Have Another" (best name) or "El Padrino" (it is Cinco de Mayo after all)
Thanks for the follow, Barry.
what do you use right now? Send me a private message for more info.<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
RT :Special thanks 2 4 testing @ our play in NYC 2 come out & do tests live on stage!Audience loved it;wants 2 know more
Just ordered my #JeffreyCampbell high heel shoes! Whoot! Whoot! Happy early birthday to me!!
Relaxing watching , hahaha
Looking back on my life there's only one thing I coulda change
Lmfao, I guess dunkin donuts is the new hang out place for all the bikers and hipsters!? Bahaha this shit killed me! #Wtf?
Youre unique.. thats a good thing.
-Only God Can Judge me " <3 "
Only 8 votes separate 1st place and 2nd place in our iPad contest. Have you voted?
might be moving to LA \^^/ woot woot
RIP Whitney...stunned.
I guess sono kall me first
omg wow so thoughtful I should really take that into account......
I think it's time for a change
If they understand you then they love you..if they don't love you then they will never stay around long enough to understand you
I know. Because my observation that there is systematic and deeply ingrained misogyny is JUST LIKE genocide. #aiknowRITE?
LMAO!!! Tell them negroes to put the tupperware/paper plates & foil AWAY! You're supposed to be invited to take a plate home
I agree, sad that learning about an artist & their success or failures is often the least important for aspiring artists.
if you have his number text him or call him :o i could try and go earlier but it's not guaranteed.. Lol
If matters go badly now, they will not always be so. - Horace
good morning<3
It ain't my bday but I got my name on that cake! Believe that!
Today is pretty good for Friday the 13th! :-D
The Office has got to be the STUPIDEST show aired. #GTFO tv
Chris Brown Vs. Trey Song Freestyle
Had the best #acupuncture session yesterday! Feeling good and rooted in purpose.
the x-factor
So just tweeted something I want to retweet but I can't because she wants to be private & shit -___-
A simple how are you... can change someones day. :)
school monday I'ma dread waking up early in the mornings
I dnt feel right
RT : Joe Biden is the Flava Flav to Obama's Chuck D.
my picture is better :-P
iPad Contest Giveaway on Twitter! RT
who the fuck are you, to be a certified account??
Yes, very interesting, isn't it?
Oh wow, I remember that!! Yikes! Good thing it was a 1000-year flood, probably won't have to worry too much about that ;-)
Who wants to hang out just got off work?
Oral contraception is not purely sexual promiscuity
amare stat is so dumb selfish ass
is there any word on Holiday's status for tonight?
anybody!! watching the DUETS show!!
On second thought, I don't think the 99% are shopping at #neimans anyway ;).
one of my fave bars! Take a shot for me.
I don't even know what they do on that show. Is it good?
German Apple Cakes, baked fresh at Acme by Appalachian Granny! Order yours today! 614-732-2803
I wish I has my real camera with me! iPhone pics will have to do though.
" Coakley campaign raises questions about the integrity of the election."? Democratic version of angst takes the form of accusations .
#Thatscarymomentwhen you are in the shower and you get soap in your eyes and you think that there is a monster in front of you!
Cause the bastards need money.. RT Obamas Broken Promise Why r the Feds Still Meddling with States Medical #Marijuana Laws?
seriously! It's sick.
Those strike me as wise sentiments. Thanks.
glad you're here, hi!
Beat like a monkey!
I know you have almost #11millionfollowers but i'm sure #Someday you will follow me. Maybe today =).
criminal minds >>>>
I'm out of chocolate. This is terrible. One should always have good chocolate for Scripture study. I think that's what God must taste like.
Quote from language craft teacher about using supplement websites to learn grammer "its too dangerous"
As a Brewers fan, I grieve for you having to endure Ned Yost.
I would guess anything finer than my fingertip would be good! I feel like a caveman (if cavemen had iPhones) without a stylus
RT : Anyone have any tips for finding cheaper car rentals in the states for a week?
when im out there maybe you could teach me a thing or two about it cause im just not hearin it lol
Lmfao.. The video they made of justice rose dancing is 2 funny I was #DEAD :D
I like the way those hickies on your neck, really bring out your eyes.
yes, let's set up an interview. I think people including myself would like to know more about your skills!
The fuck is a Frank Vogel?
Check out my Blogs I will start posting - They will relate to Music + Life + YOU!
Yo I had a great time skating wit my cousins and we had a blast and i only fell 3 times
Yes, I just #subtweeted you!
What do you guys love about your neighborhood? The history, the community, great restaurants? Live music? Tell us here!
Just a quick note that I'm working on getting your info to you. Thank you!
Ya its unreal I've actually noticed that to...People are just too perfect lol
Those are pretty good, right? Give in to your urges! Hope to see you soon! :)
Remember that no man loses any other life than this which he now lives, nor lives any other than this which he now loses
happy birthday!!
TRLN doesn't want to end 80 years of cooperation in an e-book world, wants to lend to each other, right now can't- per Nancy Gibbs
Do u know Bebek?? Of course one can never compare'm..but I wanted s.thng at least that has water, nice people etc so I don't miss Bebek ...
Good thing you work in an industry that doesn't rely on you talking.....oh crap.
Thank you Michael Jackson for your incredible music
DAMMMNNNNN :D ": Tweet me the first word that pops in your head when I say "Mindless Behavior""
- Ron, we're so in sync right now... like, ‘Merry Christmas, Happy Holidays’ *NSYNC
thanx for the retweet and welcome to the world of #goodreads. It never gets less addicting :)
At what point does being so "busy" just become sucky for everyone? Not eluding to anyone in particular... These are just questions I ask...
only if you wrap it up :)
I'm going to tho baby(;
Oh yeah, we actually didn't know Liam :) <U+2665>
if you dont show up in a wife beater I'll be disappointed.
going to the mothafuckin aquarium today !
Don't mind me, just livin' the dream! Well-- Maybe not my dream, but somebody else's dream. Feels more like a nightmare. Go away from me!
Current presenter: can artists be curators?
hey twitter works a lot better when you use it
Follow for some GREAT quotes .(:
It *can* be interesting. It can also be pleasant as well as unpleasant; juggling bills can be as much fun as juggling balls!
thank you <3
he's about 2.
My e-mail is
Handed in my application for a summer internship at wish me luck!
Lady Baltimore cake.
No, Hometta tweets are from Managing Editor
I saw a couple in the stream, but there may have not been many.
Someone in my class just said "brashear can suck a dick" and my teacher said "I like your sense of humor"... I love these teachers
b/c it's biden
do you know what a sugar-glider is? You should get one !
you better, I am closer to retirement than you are :)
Movie time!
that is the job of a particular , he says. :)
how long ago was it you visited ?
The NH legislature passed HB1241, which will allow brewers to use molasses, nuts, maple syrup, honey, sices, herbs, etc in their brews.
you do that all the time !!
Drama drama last night...Today: chill and sleep ;)
#thingsblackfolksscaredof PLANTATION, FLORIDA...wtf kinda name is that for a town?
Thanks for the RT and :-)
havent been on this i a long time i just been watching The Vampire Diaries I an So Hook on this show i love sefen and damon there so Hott
Love is the only force capable of transforming an enemy into friend. - Martin Luther King, Jr.
My teenaged daughter's friend is playing Gershwin's Rhapsody in Blue on my piano as I type this. I wonder if he's up for adoption.
Dependable cleaners summer reading program continues at Yogibo this morning at the South Shore Plaza. Come on by
Bout to Rock Chico
I could spend all my time & money on etsy!
Great morning lifting session. Guys got after it. We even threw in a twist for conditioning which brought out a lot of competive spirits.
Tonight i'll hand wash until bed time.
yeah lol 4 days ago it was a month xD
Watching classic Buffy the Vampire Slayer on ; so much better than the lame novels I've been reading lately.
I just want to take a nap. But I'm going to go clean up target instead.
Maybe I was just not in the right mood. But they were boring me to tears. I think this version of the band may be bad.
Great service today at Kingdom Life! We had our first Conquering Kids service! Pastor BJ taught to soar as eagles! Love my church!!!
Watching The Kennedys on Netflix. I cannot handle the amazing-ness of these overwrought accents.
Is your middle name "Lucky"? Mine is.
oh sshhhhtaaaap it!
A conversation about eunuchs with an SPBS clerk inspired this plot point...
Robinson didn't use the term "double standard" in the Gradebook blog's transcript excerpt.
Relaxing and Cavs game watching.
Great meeting with filmmaking compadre this afternoon. Good things are brewing, methinks.
Absolutely. Email me a snailmail address () & I'll send you a DVD on the topic.
lol I been talking to u on mh other account :)lol
I don't know.
Aw you look so pretty in your DP
how is Sir Mark of Muncie?
I've myself up with a new mobile device and a new cell plan. Perhaps I'll do this more often now that it ia more convenient!
baby im not like the rest<3
it was amazing. You have to eat
If your social head down to and get some sweets
but thank you ha I was so bored on here an had to tlak to someone :D
shoutout to the best radio station. Listening from Costa Rica
u have a FANNNTABULOUS day too!!!! Xoxooxox
Oh my. I have about 3 months of my life I can't account for due to streaming Lost episodes on Netflix. Love it.
I had the pleasure of ripping all of my geometry papers to shreds when I got home! It was a magical moment I must say.
Arlington has a lot of great things to offer in the way of unique artists! Be sure to support your local artists!
Welcome to the m
Thank you! You made my day. It's greatly appreciated.
Damn, if I only had a hammer…
When a girl ends a conversation with, 'k bye' you should know you just pissed her off.
to be honest, I thought about 2/3 of the book was awful. It was interesting and insightful but I hope we can grab a coffee sometime.
Tonight mom told me she wanted to learn how to twitter lol
#1 on my list of #ThingsImSeriouslySickOf People who live in the city with #Dogs & let them bark @ kids & bring them into stores, etc
anytime! i'm always here if you need me <3
this is a death threat! Ok, bye
Heading into Trader Joes for the first time. Let's see what all the fuss is about!
sweet! Send pics!!
Aw.... love #lobster love #vacation! :)
www.joborworker.com, we just started, but save this link for the future.
Ham claims he hits worse during day games. Honestly, I don't see a difference at night.
is miami media celebrating? Knicks lose best defender & only guy who can bother Wade. Bulls lose mvp. East playoffs now a joke.
#jobsinmadison Web Designer needed to create buzz & excitement for growing co!!
Don't forget about Reptile Day today at Wehr Nature Center from 1-4pm.
I Googled "iPod Touch Data Recovery"
Nah, you've got to tag it on Instagram proper, or it won't be pulled in.
Sorry I missed your DM. Emailing you now...
The rain has finally subsided. Time to get my Mother's Day BBQ Grill on. I can't wait to see my Sister & her family today for dinner!
BEACH AWSOME.HOPE YOU HAVE FUN! #YEE YOU SHOULD write on THE SAND ND TAKE A PIC ND TWEET ETT TO ME.PLZZ:)
God gave me u 4 the ups and downs god gave me u 4 the days of doubt 4 when I think I lost way there r no words here left 2 say god gave me u
Just responded to you!
Funny, I thought it was just a bunch of dudes with pituitary issues running around. Thanks for enlightening me!
Hey , your damn servers are down!
I think I need a best friend or a boyfriend that's my species...so if your dog has a twitter, send him/her my way ;)
omg. I'm FINALLY on when you're on! :D AMMYYY!!! :)
Do you know a woman who's making a difference? Tell us why she should be recognized as a local hero for Women’s History Month....
How about them baby !!
*nods* I recalled somewhere a comment about users always find ways to surprise the developer.
omg so glad I'm not alone. I'm so annoyed by everything college related right now and everything relating to the future...
Nice! RT : I think needs 2 find 3 girl models. I have them: blonde, brunette and redhead-in my house!
The grass isn't "greener on the other side"... It's greener wherever you choose to water it."
miss yo crazy ass!
On the global scale? I'm with you
awww stayed up till 12 in the morning too oh well since its for you idc :) <3
not really, i hate it
As of 12:01AM, there were 9054 class searches via Course Guide and 538 students used Schedule Planner. Two great planning tools.
thanks, Brian. At least there was some good news today, too.
If I allow for preparation to lead to obsession as an impediment to substance, then I'll continue to circle without striking.
Was gonna say.. There's no way you, or anyone, is beating AT. ha ha How's the snow? lol
boy yoou got MY Heartbeat running A w a y , Beating like A Drum And Its Coming YOUR Way<3.
I'm sick of hearing Pac vs Floyd talk. I just want to see some big fights. I'll pay to see this Pac-Bradley match up.
Kweli, sir, my fav rapper for years, you have to include that song about post-Katrina N.O. you did w/Bun B.
Miami Heat have lost two in a row, both by double digits. It was the first time they dropped consecutive games by double digits this season
So excited to introduce you to our spotlight business owners we'll be featuring in the coming weeks!
ELETTRO-produced WE tv contest just officially ended at 12noon EST, May 14. 3 winners to be announced SOON!
#QuestionsIHateBeingAsked are you sure??
love ! amazing scents and packaging
awesome! I shall follow then. <click> \(^o^)/
Spicy as shit <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A5>
Is it just me or did Al Pacino's speech put you to sleep or what? Jimmy Fallon rocked it though, love him!!!
Awkward moment when you think you forgot shorts because your legs are too numb to feel them
& MD ballot initiative this fall
Raiders win, are now 6-4 and in sole position of 1st place in the AFC West. Beat the Vikings 27-21.
Yes! We'd love to collaborate. Feel free to shoot Mia an email at !
you are equating your disagreement with #Occupywallstreet w/lack of clear message. and no i am not responsible for other's words
I long for a scarf, maybe a boot. A sleeve, even.
Not a good Friday for Tiger...
Half day today!!!!
Good morning Twitterverse. Let's see what's going on in the world today.
I am ready to fix me some Gourmet Hot Cocoa! I love having my own gourmet coffee, tea, and hot cocoa!
You mean street riding, as opposed to trails?
Kanye West All Of The Lights Remix - Pretty Lights
The Most interesting Ficelles in DC will visit FRANKLIN PARK tomorrow. Forecast for tomorrow is 80 degrees. Stay hungry my friends!
He just started a new account 12 minutes ago. ..
Punked out on workout today because of grumpy hip flexor. Have to be careful w/anything connected to low back. Don't want any more surgery!
keep it steady
Not sure, ask Williams. He mentioned it on Friday so thats why I asked. I don't think anything has been decided as of yet.
Lifes not so hard. You just gotta live, and learn from it.
see that's why I luv u.
Check out the 4 gutsy girls on the blog section of stratejoy.com The quarterlife crisis is totally normal & comes in many forms! :)
so hot it hurts
Ooh shut up. :p
So sick of eating salads but i #lost20lbs so i guess its worth it!! Just 15 more to go till <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0084>
RT : : It may be too late for Troy Davis but there are others. Please sign up to volunteer
Oh really? Yea it's really small so most people haven't heard of it, but it's pretty well known in academic circles.
Aren't government contracts public record? Can a public library sign a nondisclosure agreement?
TOMORROW FREE TELECLASS WITH for LA Actors at 9AM PST. RSVP to . Hurry is space limited!
To be or not to be that is the question? TO BE!
Had an amazing time at 'Durango' and now enjoying shows and hang time in Texas.
#usnatarchives a2 research room staff especially helpful for a Friday. thanks
Sun 5/13 #DC free SOS #spiritual program: How to Develop #Detachment, & #vegetarian dinner 4PM Seekers Church BACK DOOR 276 Carroll St
#Obamacare: "People choosing unhealthy diets, no longer have to worry that their choices will reduce their access to health insurance."
Ask for a table by the fireplace - the ladies love it!
She was a speaker at a Conference.
After this class, I'll successfully have five hours to write a paper on the analyzing of a passage from a Greek tragedy.
Back in 1960s, 1 out of nearly 200 U.S. workers received a Sears paycheck.
RIP Don cornelius
In Miami, Florida touring with and see you tonight at 11:30pm-1:30am
Who Wanna Bet On My Lakers Tonight?
Haha. Love your smart mouth!!! Glad you found me. "You forgot your !*$%& chicken!"
Follow back? (:
Need 2 followers!!! Any Shotout Please :{)
#quote this
Listening to Whiz Khalifa feat Ricky Ross - amazing. This is such a cool song ...
Oh and follow our BRAND NEW STREET TEAM IF YOU WANT TO JOIN DM THEM OR GO TO myspace.com/mltmstreetteam and message them!
your obsessed
Me and my squad are in the building!
my dick was put on punishment cuz it beat the pussy up.
Terrible headache & starving
lol you can enjoy my silliness anytime!!
Yes. he yelled @ me in Shultz for spelling it Brian
thanks for the #ff !
Will be itinerant retailer @ Eastern Mkt Flea Mkt tomorrow tho tempted to go back to family's immigrant roots & trading all in for pushcart.
Congrats to Connie Romay, Prosperity Bank for #jbj40under40 recognition. Great service-oriented person with great service-oriented bank.
Last day of instruction wow
I set min. requirements for blog (1 class related post/week) but others can be creative.
starting to make my summer bucket list with the inspiration of tumblr and pinterest :D
Knew today was a good day. New PR on incline - 380lbs for 4 reps!
Follow back bff :)
AAM? Do I look like a marketer? :P
well, news conferences like the one Zimmerman's "legal team" just hosted just make things way too easy for &
Is always priceless
Loved last night with my two boys. Xoxo.
Founder of Quantumsphere, Kevin Maloney talks about Nano Technology on our show! www.onaair.com/
someone's mad abt something, someone else is overly sensitive abt something & someone is being a douche, typical twitterday
Drawing is fundamental .
randy would you like to ride my bicycle?
lol..so true!
why yes
Cuz he is horrible outside of shooting RT : Tell me why the 2011 3-pt winner James Jones is not in the game!!!
because it is cold outside.
Shane face hurt so bad he want the sweat to air dry he don't want his corner wiping any sweat off
no lol I'm livin in greenfield
How's life been, Sire?
NHL Playoffs - hoping my Wings will let this be my focus for a few more weeks!
#SongsPlayedDuringSex dear mama
Ninth Suggestion, Life is so short and we never know what is in store for us. So always be prepared so that you won't have any regrets.
you should go listen to one in the same an tell me if you like it
still no follow back :(
I haven't failed out of law school!!!! (yet)
is looking for entertainment, sports and mobile technology start-ups and working on content creation for live music concerts in 3D
Damn getting followers is a fucking task, some of yall act like pesky salesmen
& speaking french= WAY TOO CUTE! <333
Thanks to #eli2012 #aaw12 #aascu #nglc2012 #nglc for a knowledge-packed 6 days in Texas. Now ready to be home!
The question THA's Michelle Apodaca asks-- The 82nd legislative session... starting to bend the cost curve?? What do you think?
Rainy end to a fun night with the milmag crew.
I am randomly annoyed today by clumps of keys on keychains, because no matter how pretty the keychain, the clump of keys make for ugly.
i ship you and the word ship since you hate it :-----------)
The alumni Cougs are looking a lot flyer than the co eds right now
RT : Apparently iPads have been around since the time of Moses. Or was it tablets... -
Everyone should be hugged and kissed on the daily.
God Morning!
Aida at the Met....lord, what a set design. Does one need to be reminded why we live in NY?
*guys RT : im so attracted to white girls.
Brewers are now 14-18 on the year. Next game is today at noon.
President of #TeamInsomniac stii up working, if u were wondering...
made yur girl suck my big cock den blew my juniors down her chatter box
Nick Folk anyone?
I miss twitter though & come back to check in. If you're on FB feel free to find me. So... What's been going on, friend?
The small farm movement is alive and well. Proof? Visit any of the farmer's markets in Tally.
I don't have no fear of death. My only fear is coming back reincarnated. - Tupac Shakur
whole should b better than sum of parts
#RIPDirectionerPaula You will always be remembered and always be a part of the 1D family <3 <U+E413>
hello how you been
preach, tell it how it is.
thanx babe :D your too!!
wat letter does the word start with
Citadel's hedge fund platform Surveyor Capital will be hiring at least 60 analysts this year...this platform is really loading up
Im so high I could eat stars right now
UF - Gainesville bound in the morning for orientation!!!
It's a beautiful day for a convention! The booth 634 is just about ready!
Gametime:) go Rams!
I hope Sam Malone & Brian Long appreciate the KY Derby.
Just got this feed back from a client! “Noah was a pleasant surprise. He was the perfect entertainment for my Mom’s 80th Birthday Party. …
Anyone have experience with network extenders? Calls not always ringing/phone showing as roaming at times in our new house
did he die today?
Metro Weekly Spotlight Pick! Come see ALEXANDER AND THE TERRIBLE HORRIBLE NO GOOD VERY BAD DAY. Only 65 tickets left this weekend. http:…
Happy Mother's Day! Wishing all the mothers and moms-to-be a wonderful day!
It is hard to soar like an eagle when you are surrounded by turkeys
RT : Holy Cow I LOVE IT! just revamped this website and it looks awesome! Congrats guys!” agreed!
they're not real. move on.
Hello my Lovelies!!!! That just made me smile! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Who she really is?? WHAT??
Double check for Raji
Majority of gate is out of state for a cup race. That is why we have the Monday Labor Day buffer for our race.
I agree with you on the BSB>N'sync
Merry Christmas to all from Extreme Moms Headquarters! Get out there and give
Very sorry about that! We got slammed today! --didn't anticipate the crowd....Please next time you stop by 10% off your bill!
damn I thought you was bald
you've been too stoned to notice.
i have to say that we have an incredible back line and Jimmy made some huge saves this week between the two games
its okay I'll be alright, don't worrie
I've never been to the strawberry festival, oyster bake, fiesta, etc...
of one of the explanations didnt include the word "Duck" then we have a problem...
Your welcome
Ok so we hv the Free VIP cards for the ladies & I just get a text from a guy tht wnts one bc he's gay..wht is the world coming to
of course
Hey tweets, I had a chance to visit the Debbie Allen dance academy. So inspiring and such great work. support her mission
easy: Kurt would want you to pick Joey
ight next time I work I will let them kno....
Yea is me ill upload that pik on instagram soon lol RT : that's you in your icon? no way lol
Heading out with Mandy on a reconnaissance mission to Richmond, VA. Can anyone recommend things to do or people to meet?
raphael is cool but rude
I need to throw a beer and bacon party. Extra bacon. Everyone bring something with bacon in it.
There has been only one Framed New Country Star of the Year Montage Trophy Awarded since 2004! This will be a newsworthy win for sure.
omg me too. I want to stab everything. Everything is making me grumpy.
Excellent. Just e-mailed you some questions, btw.
I am so sick of fake people
Cook County Hospitals report laptop theft impacting 7000 patients under Breach Notification Rule.
This weekend>>
But yeah, they're crazy boring!
“: Good morning! ” thanks! Good morning to you.
Flight for Life. Literally. UVa Nurse saves man's life "mid-air" more on this amazing story tonight on 19News Nightcast
Join us Tuesday nights at 9 p.m. where you can win half off your tab playing Trivia!
oh god it's snowing.
“ I'm single. Therefore I can call, text, mention, DM, talk to, walk with, hug & chill with whoever tf I want.”
Not sure how far in advance you plan, but keep your eye on ! Huge blowout. Start preparing your liver now.
I'd love to send you a gift from RK! Follow/DM an address to ship to :)
oh. i don't know. i don't fuck with anything EO related. lol.
whats up with it. Follow me.
About a 70% chance! RT : Portland March rec rain: about 7.5". City has 5" now. Chances of breaking record, ?
Not sure how many #construction workers check their Twitter feed before hitting the job site...but if you do, be safe and stay cool today!
Loving your profile
The charity near & dear 2 me is Ronald McDonald House Charities Northern Cali.
thanks por le follow
No one cuts me off in the middle of my sentences like mommy does. Gotta love her.
Favorite Beach Boys song? "Heroes and Villains," hands down. So epic. The most epic beach pop.
Love to hear the birds early morning! Spring time! Gorgeous!
Oomf is gorgeous!
Somebody call me NOW I'm bored outta my life!
Journalist...really?
haa i went up to ricardo and talked to him i told him tell jc hi for me
Preach! RT: Bruce Springsteen. PRINT IT!
Oh, yeah, totally agree. I think it's a case where he could have gone either way. Sour grapes for has work to do
Watching Dear John #channingtatum <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Mega Bloks Pirates of the Caribbean 3 -Danger from the Depths …
Is it just me or does Rivers travel every time on his first step???
Micah Solomon is our guest today... topic, Customer Service! Key, absolutely key to your business success! Join us!
My favorite song: Meet Virginia <33
Fresh cinnamon-chip scones while they last.
Can't find my favorite cereal on store shelves anywhere! #grapenutflakes where have u gone?
holly shit OBAMA is by my house
sad to hear that :-( sorry for the loss of your beloved family member! I'm sure he's running free and happy in heaven!
*it didn't happen, not its didn't happen...my phone hates me.):
#YouKnowLifeIsGreatWhen... you were being assigned to midway island and you were in the safest part of Hawaii.
I'm looking fwd to it :). Faith is such a beautiful name too. I love the meaning of it.
My mansion sitting on 40 acres. Who the neighbors? Kobe Bryant from the Lakers, now thats paper.
At the Young Leaders of the World Affairs Council of Atlanta Networking event at the W Downtown Wetbar| with & Derreck Kayongo
Relieve Pain! shoes control the way ur foot rolls w/ the right amount of force & stability, easing foot, leg, hip, & back pain.
CHROME. Do it.
u done grew up lil mama looking good :)
Gardeners bring food to market, and in return they take waste (manure) which they can turn into more food, a cycle that fascinated utopians.
I seriously had a dream about the #Rapids game today. Let's hope it goes how it played out in my head.
but that is a choice . Would you take 10 yrs of fame knowing you would die at 58
The Fakers are getting used in OK. To bad cause Kobe is such a great guy.
that crazy mama of urs is following u on #twitter, i just wanted 2 give u a heads up lol
I love the video! It's really good, and u look VERY hot!
U are very welcome! Glad you enjoyed the food! Don't forget to share the love via Yelp! Hope you have a great weekend!
finally picked up 's The Arab Uprising. Will continue to feel incomplete until I finish it...
“: Ferrandino running through the bill, benefits of civil unions... #coleg #civilunions”
I suggest planning it during #CBC12 in
after your NY concert you should come to Boston (: it's only 4 hours away<3 <3 COME TO BOSTON<3 PLEASEE WE LOVE YOU HERE!!(:
now I am drawing a blank, I am gonna google him
Its hard to write music take care of kids prep for upcoming show and do homework#soo hardbody with a mind of a god
We'd love to have you come by our happy hour. Will be in touch soon about it. Have a great rest of the event!
We're excited to announce that engineer has been invited to present Break a leg!
need to see yo face soon!!
Follow me back,Is Hot related to Watch The Big Bang Theory Online Episodes
I feel like im annoying you by tweeting you too muchh...
ok so MY song would be by your side by Sade.
What's going on down here in south tampa with the nonstop helicopters overhead?!? cc:
Thanks ! I definitely did and look forward to the follow up convos.
Padres give up there one good player for 3 Boston prospects. Should be a really great season next year. :P
So tired and there isn't enough time in the day
“: “: Every loss sets me up for a future win””...I wonder how niggas take it when the bucks say that
haters gonna hate.
Bulls season officially over. Rose out for the year with ACL/MCL tear. Thank you Bulls coaching staff!
Cool kids cowork and I'm here too w/ and !
Lebron James you SUCK!! Bulls Win!!!
Finally startin this night off right!
A writer uses a pen instead of a scalpel or blow torch.
I "quipped" my mind to quickly prepare 1st graders for a quite quavering trip to a quiveringly exquisite, cute colloquium.
Oh Barry ..... I can't wait for you to be gone
Nope, just the dates with 2 weekends again and now ticket sales.
Time to shift gears to Different site, new Walker scandal. Yeehaw.
Sometimes a winner is just a dreamer that never gave up.
what kind of accent???
Gresham man runs out of restaurant *on fire!* How it happened and the good sam who saved him at 6
I was never in the game SMFH
I had a nice vacation in Grenada 2 yrs ago. Tiny place; very pretty. RT : Remember when Reagan invaded Grenada?
This Women Rights stuff is really irritating. No one has the right to state whether women can or cannot use some kind of contraceptive
Yep, consistency matters right? So now my screen names are on Twitter and Instagram!
any time! “: Once again, you complete us. Thanks for the love.”
Yeah, please don't ever forget me, haha. Missing you and Y'all left me here.. Alone
Haha I can't believe they found a food you don't like :D Xx
Chris is only performing on DWTS tonight he's not a contestant
i just need more followers
This series was lost in game 1.
Feelgoodnights is so excited to hear Ami O again. This guy is hands down one of the best percussionists in the world. Live at EXLA!
Wanna keep your girl? Respect her, care for her, love her, text her first, make sure she knows how you feel about her, and NEVER lie.
WHy ? WHat's Going On ?
Our new song "See What I Need" is up on our bandage! Check it out!!!
Listening to Dr. David Orr discuss sustainability at opening of Daniel Burnham sustainabilty conference.
One directioner : she loves 1D ! & She loves glee! So follow her!(:
Festivus is not over until a member of the media pins Mike Trgovac.
"You should be exactly like me."
Good morning eatin breakfast
Visit Stanley Scan Modul stand B05 at #HBE9 to experience how SpaceTRAX can transform your medical inventory management.
He's so intense! He gets completely out of control even in regular season. Calls every game like Game 7! He's just the best.
but..we..are...a..love..story...no? We need to go to the theatres if I go during the summer. There better be a good movie on :D
15 hours of sleep last night
M this black coco coffee from Dunkin is pretty good :)
Music can do that to you - it affects you almost instantly and contagiously!
do a Michael Jackson move for your first NFL touchdown?
I got fired for asking for a complete and correct phone list, and I'll be lucky to get $800 in severance pay.
5:45 am mantra: coffee, coffee, coffee, coffee
I was in Louisville and I SCREAMED IT OUT THE WINDOW!!" #A Day! 5
Is it legal for to spam text you? Cause I just had it happen.
Hey unions and progressives, how is it that more taxpayer $ for public unions is what's best 4 taxpayers?
Back left corner by soundboard <waves>
Stop acting sill
When the person u love hurts u, forgive them. When u hurt them, they'll forgive u otherwise they never really loved u
Wishing I was playing taboo instead of at work:(
FASHION TIP: Cute socks (under boots & heels) are the rage this season, invest in some fun pairs to update your look.
INDEPENDENT ARTIST SEND IN YOUR MUSIC TO FOR THE "INDEPENDENT ARTIST SPOTLIGHT"!!!
if your from phoenix, az... stop by and twitter a hi or hello :-)
There was a rooster in my backyard :)
College talks with my therapist>>> ~Devin.Anne<3
Bring it on #Rangers!
Thank you, Lisa! You'll have to try Gingham! RT Congrats on your opening. I enjoyed dining at Burlap Friday
uhoh #ArethaFranklin and Little Richard on 3-way on Anderson Cooper right now
Watching the fog, feelin' the fog. Happily zoned-out :) Cleaning house and hoping everyone is having good work day. Especially Kelly - <3 U!
Watching The Talk lol so funny <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
the new site looks great on my iPad! Great work dude!!
true enough dear! miss you! see you soon! xo
We’ve got so many DJs on the 1s and 2s that I really think we’re leaving ourselves vulnerable on the 3s and 4s
not gonna lie. i actually missed not having a moving night with !!!
The Dangers of Cynicism at the Office
I am exhausted and laying like broccoli
Happy Mother's Day to all you other Mom-tweeple out there. Enjoy your day with your children.
if i was in the track meet tomorrow, i would be so exausted!! lol
RT : Love seeing N. Irving get picked in the 3rd round - He is a VG ILB who has overcome major injury to become an NFL player.
lol I always found it challenging to stay objective when it came to writing about concerts/events. heh heh have fun w/ that xD
It's nice you want to talk about foreign oil but I'd much rather hear your thoughts on same sex marriage.
I'd definitely take him over LBJ. Add Ray to the list of people before Melo though. He has never missed a shot in his life.
Thanks for the stock tip. Just sold SOTUS rejection shares.
was caught at HOOTERS.....haha RT if that makes u laugh:))))
If youre reading this, you have nobody to blame but yourself for not waking up tomorrow morning
Evidence for time warping: I just tried to buy tickets to see Garbage at Webster Hall and they were all sold out. It must be 1996.
One-start suspension for disingenuous Ubaldo seems about right.
What is happening
You don't like my words, don't listen. You don't like my appearance, don't look. You don't like my actions, turn your head. simple as that.
Let's go #packers. You're due for a playoff win! Tonight is the night.
WHY CANT ME AND MY CRUSH BE THAT CUTE OF A COUPLE I MEAN HOLY SHIT.
Community shout to and
Don't stop, don't stop, don't stop talking to me.
omg u r an amazing singer tell me r u gonna come out with some of ur own songs? Because I would download them in a heartbeat!
Bad karma is my best friend.. She'll hit when you least expect it..
oh its you:P Haha I thought you were someone else
“: nothing like listening to in th morning! #wakinguptobeauty” I love you!!!!
i bet yours is better
thank you!! If you dont have plans tomorrow some of us are going to la ha around 7 for margs if u wanna come!! :)
oh all of a sudden we are on the same time again...LOL
bachelorette party m&v style: fabulous dinner with exquisite wine, then club
QT : *sings* HEY I JUST MET YOU AND THIS IS CRAZY..BUT HERE'S MY NUMBER SO CALL ME MAYBE ^____^ Lol
Steve Blake!
Todays gonna be a long day! Schools not fun!!
For some reason, the temptation to do some water related activity is extremely high. About as high as the tempature.
You Obviously Like Oreos (:
he's already gone </3
Just met TTU BYX Adviser Greg Sands, head golf coach! And he's coming to chapter! SCORE!!!!!!!
By the time a man realizes that maybe his father was right, he usually has a son who thinks he's wrong. ~Charles Wadsworth
because he's a senior he may play right away.
I am looking forward to this, get ready for the entry!
props to for her handling of 's personal attack against Cable news can be shallow but this was a legitimate Q.
OMG! We're checking out and on our way!
That article about Maddie didnt make me feel better. we still havent found her. The police arent disclosing anything. :(
I'm planning to give my humidifier some extra time off after working so hard the last few days. I think that's quite nice.
I loves all my followers :]
PUB CRAWL & ROCK PAPER SCISSORS TOURNAMENT TONIGHT! ON OUR WAY TO GINO&CARLO 548 GREEN ST. WE'LL BE THERE UNTIL 10:30!
“: That bestfriend that you can have a whole conversation with... just by using facial expressions” .... :)
Don't mean to be uber-lame or gooshey or uber-lame, but the hubs and I just watched #TheVow and it was pretty.damn.good
we got rain wind and hail. :/
love ya 2
if it's clear on the coast - go for happy hour at C level (part of the restaurant Island Prime). Check out the coast at La Jolla.
#Browns drafted 7 DB's since 2006 not on team now: Larry Asante, E. Wright, B. McDonald, C. Francies, D. Carey, D. Minter, J. Hamilton.
Thinking about doing a editorial on you for my final in journalism..Whatcha think??(:
Where's the PARTY?? MacDinton's Irish Pub in downtown St. Pete w/ RIGHT NOW!! Get Involved!!
We have SEEN effects of TAX CUTS & it is a FAILED policy. Tax Cuts do NOT create Jobs OR improve lives of working class people!! Obama 2012!
she's a white bitch that wanna b Mexican but ur a jap bitch that wanna b a nigga so bad... Both a u bitches is confused lol!!
Timothy and I are going to see that movie tomorrow. and starting "2 Super Awesome Fags Talk About Movies" after it
Okay when's the next break? Lets start a count down<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
Oh twitter, how I've missed you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
THIS JUST IN: Poet, Performing Artist, and Niece of August Wilson Kimberly (Dr. Goddess) Ellis will be hosting this year's #AWMC on April 2
that's like a crazy meth addict taking credit for their rich and famous uncle. Doesn't matter!
Hope all mothers have a #HappyMothersDay you are all amazing!
i just forwarded you precise mp3 link drop,let me know how you're feelin it.
"I've been alone for almost all my life, what makes you think that you can ever do me right?" <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A7>
that's the ufc after party hosted by Faber I think BOOM!!
W Who do u think will ace the interview portion? My choices USA, INDIA ,Australia, and T&T!
yep I agree! I hate when people say I hate blacks cause I am Republican.Clearly they are just misinformed. Lol
that is a tuff one but id probably go with hill but id be 50 & 50 as well lol
it needs to!
Omg... its friday the 13th did I really just realize this, and its eerie outside. ok now i'm just a little creeped out
yea dude u gotta find it all like pokemon lol
Happy Friday everyone! And a beautiful one at that!
how you been young lady
Defenderfest TODAY!!! Get stoked and get there early to see super rad bands!
almost 3a.m. :/
Has anyone been to Studio 200 in Milwaukee? I'm spinning there this Saturday with my girls Jen Dub & Mali G 10-close No cover!!!
right on !!
Do you think Proms are Stupid?
Loving dogs should be a 2 way thing - we need to satisfy their needs as well as our own - it’s important to learn their language.
The #NSPA Keynote speaker was #Oprah's main squeeze and a power onto himself --a guru on self actualization.
RT : For what? Not knowing what a stranger intentions were? They acted upon learning.Now they have to predict actions?
yes this is day... you were lied to all these years lol
For every kid who is not the tallest, the fastest, the most athletic.. Look at Andre Miller and Steve Blake and keep your NBA dream alive
No you guyz did not deserve to be in the bottom two
The Hangover 2 is not nearly as good as the first..still a decent amount of good laughs though...
This song doesnt stay gone for long.
thanks for the follow miss lady!
Planned Parenthood of Maryland fundraiser. My wife is the incoming CEO.
or follow me so I could dm u
Great NHL Playoff action on NBC. Get ready for a great night of world class Fire soccer at TOYOTA PARK. Go Fire
Remote Conductor is currently ranked in the Top 50 Paid iPad Apps in the Utilities category!
I will send her a msg via facebook & ask her look around for 2 of them for me.I have Radier truck around the corner from my house
In 10 hours I'll be at LAX picking Nick up from airport. His first time home since 12/5!!! Very excited!!
Where is an okay place for happy hour in Seattle?
Speaking of TV, it's unbelievable how many shows have been cancelled... Lots of shows I watch! So annoying!!
Glad I learned how to play Spongebob songs on the guitar, kids are easily entertained by sing-alongs :P
Hope You & Scott are enjoying yourself here in Green Bay Miss you on WNFL come back soon
And yeah, we will need to beg/bribe...whatever it takes, really.
T.G.I.F.! Head over to #Fridays for #HappyHour from 4-7pm. We've got all the best food and drink #specials in town!
Finally moved into my new place and I love it!! :) Anyone want to help me unpack?
. we love them since they are so cute! I want to give them a hug :)
The more I work with clients, the more I firmly believe that if you can't say it in markdown, you shouldn't say it at all.
My wonderful family missed me so much that they're coming to see me before they even go home <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
uh did you really mean to tweet that?! LOL
MLB.TV subscription + GPS spoofing app = I'm watching the Brewers on my phone at work in downtown Milwaukee! EAT IT, BLACKOUT RULES!
I love my vaporizer. I literally have it on al day and night.
I Got My Eye On YOU.!!
night Austin:) do I get a goodnight back?:D<3 btw loving #SAYSOMETHIN needs to be on iTunes!<3
Talking on the fone :))
At EE-Sane in Milwaukee for some great Thai food.
Blessed indeed
I'm SO proud of YOU, your such an incredible passionate singer forget autotune baby U ROCK!!!
Google's Motorola Acquisition Ups Ante in Apple Competition
waiting for my boo to get back to the house.. watching bgc. Whatcha doing??
Eyelash! Awhhhh I miss you girls!!! I haven't gotten a paper? :/
chills watching past video of Whitney Houston performance on the Grammy's-what a voice- "crack is wack!!" what happened? RIP.
Shout out to the birthday girl!!!!!! Happy 21st hottie!
Yay! RT : Hilarious YA with a multicultural cast of characters. I couldn't stop laughing when I read this story!
last night!? Lol
i want kisses from Shug and Buttermilk too :D and Walter when he gets better <3
HAWT!! I was like, "Where has he been all my life?!?" LOL
Man in front of me at the theater has a cooler...how did he get it in?
Hip-hop was created by the dj!
-Ty doll! Follow pls, and play #TrendsTues each week! Thanks for the tweet! xox
Let's #Dance - Jump - Sweat - Have Fun and WHOOOOOHOOOOOOOOOOOO :) email us if you have any questions @
support group sounds good!
June 29th,Section 3,Row L #1DTOURUSA I'm an Irish Dancer so I can all five of you boys irish dance for me?-Madison
Obama"When I think about those Soldiers or Airmen or Marines or Sailors who are out there fighting on my behalf" Really? Your behalf? WTFRU?
Of course, we're still giving away free copies of Fahrenheit 451 at the "Ask Us" Desk. Get em' while supplies last!
What is wrong with the women on the bachelor this season.
Haha, as tempting as the first one is, we'd be more inclined to post the latter. Less stiff competition. ;)
All this worldly wisdom was once the unamiable heresy of some wise man.
#1Dredorblack PROUD OF ONE DIRECTION
it's not weird! I find it very attractive
my man, what course do you typically play? we wanna design it for you as payment for your feedback
where at
Good morning!!
Poached eggs, sausage, grits, OJ. Perfect southern breakfast.
That's it, Bruins are the 2011 Stanley Cup Champions
+100 RT : A3: And get a mentor or coach to assist you in pursuing your life's passion for contributing
Attention #NascarFans! The BIG car haulers are in #Walmart parking lot in Hamburg w/ parade through #DowntownLex! Send us Pic of Favorite!
Cuz I no rich. Lol. RT : why you no there?
good luck jack :)
haha, you are so funny!! :-)
Thanks to Everyone that came out to J&B's Tavern last night you where amazing packed house with great people. Can't wait for the next...
We're losing our freedom to unelected commissions, boards, and bureaucrats. Inevitably they act as little dictatorships. They run YOU.
Holmstrom did say he couldn't see himself playing for another team
SAME HERE IM SO UPSET ABOUT THIS, THIS SHOW IS NOT LIKE IT USED TO BE!
#85PBRFord making stuff complicated
I scheduled a Meetup!
Good luck darling!
“: Good luck today to the students who are taking their EOGs.” [mine are in #charlotte ]
You raise a good point! RT Not at the end though. Home of the Brave is clear.
Giveaway winners announced tonight at the Party at Cleveland Browns Stadium. Sponsored by and
#YouCuteAndAllBut...who am i kidding youre gorgeous.
3 ducthes rolled watching scarface the 1932 version,I love this movie
if i see him toma im ducking an dodging lbs
Nice one!
I want to get up and go this morning, but I just don't want to put the heels on yet...
I know! People were all talking about that last game too.
WHAT UP SEXY!! WHERE THE HELL YOU BEEN
Were we not following each other?
Shout out to everyone getting kicked out of the Holliday Inn. Sorry we ruined it for you. #421 can't be matched
i love her more :)
when im with you, I try to make every moment last because i know the second i leave, I'll miss you again
oh haha okay! You British people have the funniest way to say things.
No way that is anyone's burden! He's going to #schwingit at tonight!
must not tweet
After a year at Condé I finally bump into legend Fred Woodward in the elevator. It's a
You don't believe man
*butter-lettuce fist bump*
So glad everyones telling me that Coach Way told the whole guys soccer team about my golf cart incident at our fundraiser last fall
don't tell me tell your doctor lulz
So, popped in to the twitter :) Morning dearie.. how have you been?
your welcome ^.^ and thanks(:
BBQ beer and billiards... Not a bad thing here either
I'll be thinking of you while I down my quad shots of espresso this weekend. Seriously, good luck!
i feel that my emotions are getting in the way of my thought process....
We just washed the Dachshunds. After running and shaking off they are sound a sleep. Love them dogs! What a life they have
Ah, so SourceTree could set GIT_CONFIG but you'd still need to include the non-conflicting values. Unfortunate.
Get over yourself.
agreed! iced is even better...
ALALALALALA. So. Bored. :\
I think you're right... Problem is, nobody's heard about it! Help spread the word!
we need more comfy guest chairs, too. We have to get things a little at a time :)
Thanks for all the retweets and mentions! You do great work:
but only in Saturdays. 6 days of the week breakfasts do not rise to the sublime status of DO.
tomorrow is going to be a terrible day..
Can any wide receiver or tight end in the state of Georgia catch a ball this week?
"This is for couples blah blah Do you have a partner?" "uh no...<U+E40E>" "Sorry than you obviously don't qualify" "oh...okay...<U+E403><U+E058>"
Oh, I was pulling your leg man! I had a couple of stories to end the week. One on San Miguel Fire, and another on SD Unified.
Why does #gchat say that it is "Watching Everyone"?
i'll tell you later
Stu went down and was kicked in the head. Later at home still bleeding from the gash in his head, he refused to let his mother call a doctor
You don't have to defend yourself to me, this is a jugement free zone.
What are you going in for?
sounds good man. Same number. Talk to ya soon!
Don't tell me a prollem and expect me not to have my opion and then be hard up bout my opion. My opion don't matterso why b hard up.
Hey Lee! Woof!
come to the stork club tonight for a free hug . oh, and we're playing at 945!
Why would he shoot that
PLEASE DONT LEAVE ME):
please follow me. I do have time for you and I care about you. you are all very talented!!!
Id love to interview you for my blog! I'm trying to find Chicagoans- new/old/forever- to see Chicago through their eyes!
Candidates doing introductions. Tone has already been set - folks are fired up in the 9th!
Sure is Big Guy!
Looking forward to lunch with and today. Time to find out more about the Portland Tech scene!
RIP to co-founder of LRG
i haven't owned a pair since high school. LOVE THOSE SHOES!
Of coarse not! haha. I would never do that.
I can't wait to carry this pillow around with me this weekend at the competition hahahaha. People already think we're the weirdest studio...
It's supposed to rain all weekend. I can hardly wait to hunker down and do some stitching. My machine is calling my name :-)
Nice real nice
Me and my friend were playing the random game.. "justin""bieber""is""sexy""and""he""has""alot""of""swag" ha
bring me home an ipad
Tell me and I forget. Show me and I remember. Involve me and I understand. ~Chinese proverb
Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers :-) R.I.P. Mom, I love you :-)
New deal with SG Biofuels - cool company taking plant-based petroleum to new level. Great to be back working with JD Davids!
just went to grab lunch and saw a lot of people being really polite - to the empls and each other. Was so nice to see!
I'm loving Justin Biebers album! I have caught the Bieber Fever !
When do wanna pick them up?
Looking forward to another great class tomorrow ! Can't wait expand my essences!
The chicken has left the coop
Orthodontists suck. A lot. I hate them all.
Thank you for all the fans that came out last night! Was a great night! You guys are great, there is nothing like coming home!
Ohh okay lol I'll look for you :) and Will do, same to you!
The hashtag "#nerdprom" for the WHCD couldn't be anymore out of touch and condescending
It’s Funny Fish Time: What do you call a fish with no eyes?…Fsh
looking for talent for the worldwide superfest for philly showcase.
This is amazing!!!!
Laundry all weekend for me. How about your plans for the wknds?
I wanna go home, but if I go home I'll go to sleep. I can't go to sleep.
Lets start over. Stop fighting about the same old things.
There may not always be a right answer, but chances are you'll know which is wrong.
"for he's a jolly good turtle." watching a pet cremation.
This ESPN retraction seems fishy.... If he wasn't suspended why the word "resume"?
. these are wonderful episodes! Thank you Bob.I had a blast. Now I must sleep.6:30 call tomorrow.How was Australia?
30 hour famine show was beautiful! Thanx to all who helped pack the place!
WHY DIDN'T THINK OF THIS: Peapod using QRCodes and Bar Scanners on a wall with images of product to order your shopping list !!
Sitting with the team at the #Pinnacles2012. They're cleaning up with three awards already! Congrats!
Lolololol it boosts my self confidence when a 6th grader tells me to call him and blows me a kiss . O.o
Today was a long day ! ready for the summer ( :
Hair and nails bouta be on point for friday :-)
Happy Birthday!!!
and we are underway #MISLChampionship, to be decided today in MIlwaukee
Good morning Everyone waking up reading the Secret to Teen Power!!
Esther Cepeda: Stop your pandering - Indianapolis Star
I love peace of mind! n/s watched pirates, stranger tides american idol/ taping survivor!!
Young people are out in full force tonight! The future of
Public education is failing in such a miserable way. I just don't understand.
Hospital Radiology Partners Names Dr. Mary M. Saltz as CMO
don't stress about it to much! :)
Amy Wilkins Event: There has been educational malpractice directed at students of color and kids in need
Awesome interview with #karmin on #johnjayandrich!! Love their music!! anyone else!?
We must take a stand for injustice!
Long day tomorrow :) ;)
Hung out with last night. Can you say dancing with the stars. Fun times
Digital Citizenship, what do students need to know?
I'm on page 25 of an RFP and still no description of the project.
Interesting opinion: "You don't mortgage your home on a new venture when you can't afford it". Why #asteroidmining shouldnt be a NASA effort
Who wants to pick me up to go downtown?!
RT : April, 2011: the month that women's college basketball caught up to men's college basketball.
NYC FOR LIFE. R.I.P COOKIE.
oh ill show u the picture in a sec when i find it
Oops, sorry about that. It's working again, and includes info about the Twitter login requirement (which is changing soon).
hahaha I hope so. I would blow that up and put it above my fireplace if that was me
Way too bizarre. Yeah, something about it was planned.
Happy birthday to my mom/mum/mother! (: lol. Tons of ways to say mom (:
The door that will no longer open is usually the one that you slammed shut.
People Wearing Old fashioned Style Clothes Unless You Old. I Pray For You.We Got New Style In 2012. I Have Three Words You Ratchet Af Bruh!
I dont wanna buy followers id rather wait and gain...
Lol you are now tied for first.
Aww thanks Peyton! We love you! <21. But your the HANDSOME boy that makes MY world. :)
Is it wrong to retweet yourself? ... I'm sure there's a low-brow religion joke in there somewhere.
Txs for the follow Your Neighborhood Plumber for NYC & L Wes No extra charges nights,weekends,holidays or emergencies.24/7
Best part about this all is... It's cousin a m$$$ f##$$ musical genius... It's not a Dream its Destiny
Baffles me how different the hiring process is in academia vs business. Not that one's better than another, just so different.
I'm helping a couple of business people with their online and traditional marketing. www.houstonpcguru.com for more info.
Vandy had no clue...
I love u...I'm just not ready to tell u yet.
we can make that work. id have to make a detour to get to you tho
Same here!
I know! It's been reminding me of when we went to the Star Wars premiere together <3. I miss you!
Come out 2nite to Outriggers w/!!!!
Today I ask for company along the way, recognizing I cannot do this on my own. My whispered prayer is for authentic community.
can't wait to start playing Wall Street Survivor w/ some friends!...excited to be beginning the journey of becoming truly market savvy
Sometimes I wonder what my friends really think of me I think nice things and when they need to no the truth I tell them
Help your child with #ASD stay focused on chores by chanting together. I like chanting to the tune of Frere Jacques.
Shot outs to my 558 "PAKALITES" for following ya boy.STAY DOWN WITH THIS "PAKALITE MOVEMENT" All artist wanting a hot 16 get at me! PAK/rt
got into a small car accident. Just a little scrapage action. Make it a tall beer
@ This club/bar in HARPER WOODS wit rollers in my hair & they talkin SO WHAT? BIG PROOF wore pajamas Y I CANT wear rollers?
Got the dub, no practice tm and home field advantage for playoffs
lmfao i hate my ex so badly .
Where is this meeting on LEED at and who's attending?
The XO Skins should help clear up the look of your screen by reducing finger prints and smudges.
RT : may have to change their Twitter account to read as
I only likie waking up early for school just to watch Boy Meets World on abc. c:
The Catalyst-Linkin Park<U+263A>
Calm stress & promote relaxation: Massage the area between yr eyebrows (this activates the acupuncture point, yintang, your third eye)
RT : I think we may safely trust a good deal more than we do. ~Henry David Thoreau
haha so true!
I think "crazy" was being used in a derogatory sense.
Happy birthday to sal :))
Kristin, let's chat soon about interviewing you with so glad we met at
Hopin and and ...follow me back :(
I will miss erica
you just made me spit up my water omfg WHY
Two beers and wasted at Lillie's! :)
“: Seriously craving a muffaletta from ...can you PLEASE deliver one to PA?!” we miss you! Will send one with Matt
Welcome, Brenton and Mark! Glad to have you here! :)
Where do they get these hookers? #excused they all pole dance and kiss on the first date... in the first ten minutes
I understand now! I know without a doubt the man I love and want to be with forever!
Auctioneers are proof white guys could rap if they tried hard enough
Q6 Also, specialized computer classes (how to blog, email, etc.). Not everyone can afford computer & these students need the skills
#sometimesyouhaveto stop letting shit slide and show niggas who's boss
Great job!!! So proud of you Chris and Mike!
Free advertising is out there. Find it, and take advantage..!
Does this mean #nopantsthursday is off? PRT : Word on the street is, the part needed to restore power is en route
“: #ThingsThatDontGoTogether - ME & Cigarettes! R-T if you DON'T smoke.”
you should go to the veggie grill ... sunset n crescent heights.. fabulous
Thank you!!! #euphoria RT : listening to #euphoria on the plane.
I am pissed off because there are so many things that matter more than this. Your rights are on the chopping block.
Done! RT Better to get twitter feed...RT Was mostly watching #ESPN #Yankees-#RedSox & [disliking] Hershiser
<U+E04F> good as baby powder.
bestie I missed you! Hope you're doing great!
Re last tweet- hacked by but I still got love for him and his bigotes
ha I think my fav part about that article is sm button title, "Sharing is Sexy!" lol & that posts w/ "marketing" has lower CTR..
Im making a twitter... duh!
Why won't he text me? :(
“: Beware of the boy who sexts/texts you all day, he either is not working or doesn't have a job! X0”
Fifteen more minutes. Why does time move so slowly?
Not all expensive products are guaranted to work effectively.
Lol, I feel like I'm the Parent and your the one that just turn 18....
Why does is matter how a corporate CEO defines education? He went to school and did quite well...
HE IS AN ANGEL EVEN WITH HIS SHIRT ON BUT ITS BETTER OFF LOL :P
Getting back into paintball, besides drinking its a great way to relieve unneeded stress!!
:) Thanks! I'm excited for FajitaRita Monday at Pericos! :)
"Quickie" is an underappreciated classic of the George Clinton oeuvre.
Im thinking about joining a street gang. There are no reviews on Yelp. Does anybody have any experiences/recommendations to share?
In one of those grumpy moods
My computer obviously doesn't want me to work on getting new website finished. Something has completely hijacked my display settings...
Thanks for the shout out and the support. Hope you had a good afternoon at the show.
I agree! He's been 100% every week.
If experience is an indicator, they, along with loud, curious toddlers, will probably all find seats closest to me.
The block of granite which was an obstacle in the pathway of the weak, became a stepping-stone in the pathway of the strong. - Thomas Carlyl
hahaha don't let her eat them!
an invitational organization of women leaders in fod, beverage & hospitality....
I love using big words to sound smart. I mean, utilizing gargantuan idioms to fabricate intelligence.
u could start for the Hawks TODAY.
Still short crude. target is 32 bucks.
Go with Roddy. Good luck sir!
Practicing in McLean VA today. Thinking of the many #veterans who have helped secure this great land
Quite true. A very good emphasis on the value of researching collateral relatives.
where are you flying off to?
"When in doubt, choose change"
FOLLOW BACK BRUH! AND DAM YOU THE BEST ACTOR MAN I SWEAR LOL
Just got fucked 4 times at the bath house. My ass hurts...so good!
Thanks for the RT
I'm competing for your attention..
lol i was just watching that. But then i switched back to bad reality tv
SC vs UCLA - should be a great game today. Go TROJANS
I play the song sweet emotions in summer time more than any other song on my playlist
Definitely. Have a blast.
Holla at me when you see me! I got you
It felt good to be back! :) Of course I couldn't help tinkering with the copy...
early is the new late
Wait, what did MWP do?
Jay Bilas should be banned from doing games involving any teams from non-BCS conferences.
lol ok. How was your interview yesterday?
well maybe you're not a leech but you know as well as I that some reporters ask question to get a reaction from a subject.
never said it did but he needs to be more effecient to pass deron and paul.
damnit! Forgot the tag!
adorable!!!! Will RT to help Hunter find a home, we have to wait to hear about other dog, TY for thinking of us!
the highest mountain we'll ever climb is the mountain of doubt, arrogance & selfishness, we build in front of us.
APIs are one of those concepts,full of technical mystery,that deter the marketing community from grasping the opportunities in front of them
I meant I must be tired this morning...
Who wants to grab a six-pack and watch a movie? Me neither.
getting ready for work!
no i got it on the DM you sent me, don't put it here
One of the films on my Netflix Top 10 recommendations is "Ticked-Off Trannies with Knives"
My boy KG is Hoopin...
She is quite loveable indeed, my friend. She's got cowboy in her.
Murray State baby! Bracket Buster!?!
Halfway through the 2nd I realized I see the game the way he does and agreed with everything he was saying ... probably because
This weekend's performance with Johnny Mathis is now SOLD OUT!
Business English Communication,International Business Marketing,International Business Finance,
I am never making it to work. Ugh.
He ain't use to tasting his own blood...
I Hope They Didnt Stand You Up!!
Thx for the great comments on my pics from when I did General Hospital. That was from my first gig in Feb. I'll fb when I'm on GH again!
Thanks for tweeting about our new Poetry Anthology and Book Release Party! We're so proud of this new book.
RT : Hanging out this morning at Walker Square Farmers Market enjoying all the fresh produce! See you at 7:15
Excited to enjoy a chocolate pie tomorrow made by my favorite pastry chef in Chicago - !
Up watching Rio i need someone to talk to if you got the # Tm if you don't LMS we can change that
My Sunn'Dai going to be 2 cute at her B-Day party
Lmaooo RT : WHO SHOWING TITTIES FOR A HIT OFF THE CLIP?! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Lot of DC Fire EMS activity rolling down Nebraska Ave? What's happening?
Affirmation: I let go of everything that does not serve me.
awwe well im here if you ever need to talk about anything<3 just hit me up
OR DRINK BEERS WHILE U RUNZ
I find smoking so unattractive . Smdh .
just ran around my block. gonna puke.
big sunday for the stable on stars lets go
I could sing you a song, but I don't words could express your beauty.
Today's Game Theory Marketing Read:"business strategy is about actively shaping the game you play, not just playing the game you find."
Minor official, Great American Empire, Now heron watching.
just saw the #Scandal previews & I'm hype already!!
Wishing the best of luck in his new endeavors! You will be greatly missed by the Chancellor Community!
Looks like you made 10K followers today. Congrats!!
Nope def not...I agree 100% on that one.
thank you so much
ya :( but we meet him at the end. Im jealous...
Wet Hot American Summer
Like RT : Loved doing team development planning today with #TeamTopNotch!! Thanks for including me!
Just another movie about a prepubescent boy who's creaming his pants at the thought of an older woman he'll never have
#sschat, thank you! I always feel lost!
*SERIOUS ACCIDENT* Poplar Grove St & Clifton Av, West Balto; 4 medics responding, 6 patients injured.
Be my friend. Wrap me up..
It just started.
YOU are in serious trouble! She is GORGEOUS and apparently HAS YOUR NUMBER!!!! : )
Okay, that last tweet was basically a lie lol
good seeing you too Jenny! It will be a fun night for sure!!
I really like Back in Time by Pitbull
Hooray! We placed 3rd out of 18 & 5th out of 22 our first show ever!
If any #Spartans are moving to #Chicago after graduation, we're a free apartment searching service & would love to help! :)
At Chicago city council w airport workers fighting for a living wage
Is there a flyer for Mesa? There's a genealogy group in Tucson that wants to distribute one at their meeting this Sunday.
Life has many chapters, don’t get caught up on one chapter, move on to the next and see if any doors open.
Good luck this weekend! RT Heading down to tomorrow for the SARRC/MARRS Challenge!
And I say hi to my little New York
Will you please invite over?
It looks like the rain is gone and the sun will be out! Take a stroll down Magazine Street today and stip by and see us!
The one with the biggest bag of cash moves to the top of the list!
Isreal just killed it on your show! He's got the talent for six or seven smack off titles! War! Jim Rome tour stop in Milwaukee OUT
Every bitch has thought about hoeing at least once in they lifetime
this is slightly reminiscent of the Rutgers case. Therefore, Rudolph is screwed.
Lived in your home a long time ? What to update your interior ? Give us a call. Interior painting,new doors, crown moulding, we do it all !
We need to add evaluations to the beginning of ADDIE. Becomes EADDIE. We need to think about results before we start the process.
i Jelena hatred is so false that relationship ¬¬
Did you know Jenga means "Timothy McVeigh" in Oriental.
Business Development Director & Campus Consultant... Was on Sigma Alpha Mu staff as director from 2004 to 2010 & still serve as vol
hello mister how u been? Been lovely here as of late. Like 20C today. Bliss.
Obsessed with Questions by I love that song (:
a berry-tea smash, Beefeater 24, mint, lemon & agave syrup. and the guy next to me just orders a shot of crown. :/
I have a # tootsieroll addiction.
I heard rumors this was an open note, group final exam...is this true?
Association of America presents #SCAA2012, April 19-22 at the Oregon Convention Center.
you're pretty(:
#TGIF Wish I wasn't at the office but such is life. Looking forward to watching #UK claim #redemption from #IU tonight.
2 Hoboken Cops had argued with me, why? In the end they lost an argument and I did say I didn't mean to hurt their feelings :-)
FOOTS ASLEEP >.<
Our past mistakes are a point of learning, not a place of despair.
Im tellin u i think so highly of u that i want u to be the mother of my children??? Is that not a wonderful compliment???
We're putting the final touches on our new web site design. It's scheduled to launch soon--stay tuned!
it's a strange controversy to me, ppl getting completely defensive about luxury food. & to blame HSUSA is outta left field!
Uh-oh. There goes my sinuses again…
not sure yet. I think the San Fernando Valley at Air Hollywood, but that's a guess.
you guys won't know what to do when I leave you will sit in the corner in the fetal position
being cooked lol
You had the only entry.
Getting very excited about opportunities to collab with biz students at alma mater for marketing ideas. Love the Marian community!
Preventing Healthcare-Associated Infections: Q&A With Wava Truscott of ...: The following article is a Q&A with Wava Truscott, PhD, M...
D: Glad she's OK! I love Mantis!!!
It seems that I won't be sleeping tonight
got the kicks to match the can today too?
im sorry -_____-
At starbucks its hella nice out today. Got to love the cali weather
Have to check this, but the LA Kings might be the first #8 seed in NHL history to go 4-0 on the road to start the playoffs.
Hahahahaha! Thank you! :)
haha awe Thanx :)) I bet you'll look real pretty in yours <U+263A> and really who?
Human beings are made of body, mind, spirit. Of these, spirit is primary, for it connects us to the source of everything.
I'm down
So nice!
Thanks to for rocking out another OEM video. The talent in the marketing team is very strong
teenage fans that are gonna make him big..
ohhmyyygoshh ! I'm so proud of you! (((:
What is going on #hrva?? I'm hearing random weird stories from all sorts of places. Now the Bill Oreilly show???
I've attended 4 Hawk playoff games, and they won all 4!
Totally free from the bullshit! This feelin is better than any drug can provide.Be you,do you cuz I'm doin the same wit no hate."Get Like Me
At Douglas Park speed ladder and cones. Couple of laps...defensive tackle with agility???Uh oh.....
omg yes ive heard of it. thats so cool that you live there.!!
thanks a bunch!!
Was partin I'm back! Talk to me ;) <3
I want a dilly bar. From dairy queen. Right now.
i wanna see Lucas drop 30.
Ugh. I used the wrong "its" in that last tweet. Autocorrect. Sorry about that.
Midwest Middle School Showcase in Chicago! M14hoops.com for more info
ah your beautiful!!!!
RT looking for a few live painters for 4/1! Help lead 1st Friday goers to our new location! Message us if you're interested!
please call this number 254-716-4646 Please its my friends birthday! :) She would be so happy! :) 61
finishing up 's tutu. Now that I'm a professional, let the orders roll in ;)
The lobster rocks @ Savoy. Thanks to Chuck Sanders!
At a crossroads, and scared as hell.
Gamel's a gamer. Watch him hit a HR on his next AB
Whole Foods is the perfect place to pick up all of the ingredients for your holiday meal. They are always supporting the neighborhood.
my poor step dad had a spot removed from his ear last year! The man now lives in wide brimmed hats.
this was the worst show....too long..agree w john..treatment of final four brutal
night tweets, don't be an April Fooler and cause people meltdowns with pregnancy announcements...
I would understand why tho I respect that.
That feeling when you are installing 101 updates on your computer.
how sad
If you want to see , and myself wearing chicken hats --today is your lucky day. Ohh boy. What did I sign up for?
You mean getting a word in edgewise?
Go cats!!!
My sister eats & gets skinnier... I swear omfg wtf
#planking may be silly but hey, people are working their core in random places...bravo!
I had that problem last week...it was annoying!
" my mother told me I have to see it." say no more. But I would like to hear your thoughts. Did you read the book?
Congrats on the new job buddy!!
sorry for all the Elvis tweets. That guy is damn funny. Kind of far camera angle but still not bad.
I was really impressed by on Celeb Apprentice, even if saying I watch brings my cool quotient
McClutchen. Raise the jolly roger!
save me a glass!
i made this account to support you! please follow me! im a big fan! <3 79
Yeah. they are the best.
i asked ryento tell ya
thanks for being awesome at bridgetown! you were an awesome volunteer!
I can't believe that not one person has posted a photo of the supermoon. You have failed me, Twitter and Facebook friends.
Was crankin at the Big Chair Today!!
Good morning friends! Another great day today! What's for breakfast? Anything you got from the markets this past weekend?
Allegro Dance Company is officially working on their new show "All Roads Lead to Rome" -very excited for summer 2012!
danny sorry for not responding to your last email. Been crazy which is a good thing. Thank you for all the referrals.
On the bus waiting for the Civil War tour to begin- happy to be in Richmond!
Messing with him while he's sleep lol he gettin mad
Welcome to Las Vegas, no pushing or shoving.
I 66 East CRAWLING approaching Sycamore st with a crash in the right lane
Wow, it looks like Thad Matta just played in that game.
Captain America: The First Avenger won the weekend! Harry Potter Part 2 comes in second. Friends With Benefits lands in third!
Don't file away "Enter Sandman" quite yet... RT Mo: "I'm coming back. Write it down in big letters. I'm not going out like this."
Jump off the cliff and build your wings along the way.
those look like #adorable trouble makers. :) What breed are they?
#provercoffee community impact looks @ timely, relevant events. Nonprofit story needs hook. Dec is volunteerism issue via Andrea Leptinsky
yall has been comin on STRONG w/ the singles!!!!!! #nowplaying So Fly...where's the album at!?
at all. Smh.
Muse is a tight band man..good taste
Well said RT: : Art doesn't expire..
have a blast lady! Xx
Bob Dylan's Christmas album rocking the kitchen. I'm enjoying it, can't speak for anyone else.
Hi Wolfgang, check your Facebook messages and your Dropbox folder. :)
Calling all bloggers, tired of paying your host to have a BDSM related blog? Stay tuned, we will be announcing a blogger network soon.
Actually, naww. I <U+E022> U twitter.
It has begun! www.livestream.com/globalrevolution
what was her reaction?
Dave Guarino: These days, it's the bomb throwers that get the attention in congress. Olympia Snowe was/is kind of a throwback.
busy day at today ? lol
Today was a good day! Got it in! #teamhealthansnutritution for the win!
thanks 4 the book lead and the Geoffrey flow. I'll add it to my reading list:)
This isnt bias but your boyfriend is a loser):
Wait lil wayne died?
- thanks so much! We'll have to swap book recommendations. :)
They should have Wall & Cousins in at the same time.
As air fares cool, it's time to take a break abroad - Economic Times
collegiate night Get there at 6:00 to participate in games with #jacksonvilleuniversity alums!
Aw, I miss you too! What do you have planned for the holidays??
enough shameless self-promotion. I have to work on my screenplay now ...I am only 7 min. into Sequence A
It's amazing how much easier it is to run after binging on carbs. :-P I just finished a 5.02 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
did you really just say that??
CONTINUATION FROM EPISODE 4 OF TOUGH LOVE NEW ORLEANS TONIGHT AT 8/9pm!!!!!! MAKE SURE YOU WATCH!!!!!!
All the hoodrats are out in claymont today
#PAC12 officials who scoff at our academics obviously haven't seen the ingenious ways our students elude their RAs.
send that article over when you're ready
Don't come and bitch at me because of what your friend did to you. Have some balls and ague with him. Shit people make their own bed.
It's Finally Friday! And Happy Birthday to the great Michael Jordan! But why are David Brooks & Reid Hoffman trending?
bet! Jordyn scared of the beach though she might have to chill wit momma. Lol
Animal rights crazies, really?!? HBO cancels Luck after 3rd Horse death. Just when it was getting good.
Just read about proposed bill to limit youth from liquor store purchases. I applaud you! I hope this passes. It's needed.
Only 20 tix left 2 David Crowder Fight 2 End Hunger Tour Extravaganza. We R at Greenwood Mall Food Ct till 8
A great man is always willing to be little. ~Ralph Waldo Emerson
#WorstFeeling when your uncertain.. Not sure.. :-//
Driving on a windy night in Hollywood, leaves flying off trees like red & gold confetti to the tune of Broken Bells' "Head's on Fire." Sexy.
Sonic happy hour with good start to the weekend
RIP Les Paul
I'm going to miss you girls!!!
i wouldn't call it an obsession...
man, you were so far up my ass, I thought my colon had hired an interior decorator.
wtf. i told spencer. what kinda brother is he!? lol but thanks dude. forreal!
not sure if I'd refer to George Lindsey as a "TV pioneer." Character actor, yes.
Rise & shine
is transforming inner turmoil into manure for his garden, and the fruits will be sweet.
me too....tomorrow too
Hesher is one crazy/funny/sad little flick.
but thanks :)
If God is watching us, the least we can do is be entertaining.
Haha! & u must prove it if they are. RT : If you have a Skrillex haircut I'm going to assume your pubes are half shaven too.
I'm taking the GMAT next Thursday. Any advice?
Netherlands officials cite organized crime as grounds to ban tourists buying pot. And we all know criminalizing pot reduces organized crime.
GIRL : I'm not waiting for a prince, I'm waiting for someone who thinks I'm his princess.
i promise you whoever buys this beat im listening to will have a song on their project that stands out as being exceptional
omg, ur makn my stomach upset with all those poo poo teams!!!
i'm just happy to have found someone who wants to kiss me and has a favorite episode of How I met Your Mother.
Happy Valentine's Day from the Signature Team! May your day be filled with love and cheer :-)
I had a GREAT day (;
I couldn't weight on my wait anymore! RT : I souled my sole to the Devil.
think through this men's onesie idea. Men will have to queue up at the men's room like women do.
ugh nice watch...
I'm glad we have the old back <3
#iusedtothink THAT THE HOMELESS PEOPLE ON THE SIDE OF THE ROAD WERE REALLY HOMELESS UNTIL I SAW ONE JIGGALATING IN SUM GATORS LOL
I'll have to take a raincheck Doug! But now you know who you can get some amazing wines from!!
email me so I can get a hold of you so we can do interview with you!
thanks! & also thanks for the follow back :) should you need new shots down the line, feel free to contact me.
sup man!
Steve Nash was born on a UFO
oh lol okay! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Our Cash Mob business did its best day ever! What a rewarding experience. What a concept.
Are you protected from Electrical Spikes? Call us and see how we can protect your units from this costly random event.
Ferry to Brooklyn for lunch and a Brooklyn Lager, then a walk across the bridge back to Manhattan.
What a Beautiful day in the City!! :)
LOL! You need help too I take it. Go away...you are worthless and weak.
Rat actually just ran over my foot. #nycfirsts guess I should be happy it took almost 10 years for that to happen...
Indeed! RT Very cool. RT : Really cool #VW #banner ad. Does it work for you?
no D:
Am a certified licensed LBPR contactor ... Check it out at gyframing.com
What are your thoughts on NL MVP runner up Matt Kemp coming to town as hottest hitter in MLB?
I got one earlier from someone I follow. ODD. I guess they got me some how.
Q. What flowers grow on faces? Tulips (Two-lips)!
why you up so early? Flying again?
drunk or not, tired or not, i'm listening to blitzen trapper - echo
That's true bro. I hoop and make beats and i'm damn good at both tho...lol
Nick I will see you at the Berk JazzFest !
Do u ever drive while hanging ur foot out tbe window? Just saw that// And you didn't even honk? Least I'm wearing undies!
It is indeed. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A> We're so smart.
The best is
I'm feeling the mood you in today
You're nothing short of my everything.
RIP Junior Seau. A great player and class act. Its a tough loss for the football world.
We are putting the finishing touches on the PO$ITIVE PU$H online store. Grand opening is going to be massive! Stay tuned Contest coming soon
Thank you Sevier!! Hope you had a great Birthday!!
Ughh, FCAT today :p shoot me.
Rangers beat themselves and completely outmuscled in the crease.
Thanks for the RTs & the SO! Happy Thursday!
finna watch transformers an brainstorm
react bible study tonight at 8 n upper kings chapel. Come out and have fun praising and learning :)
halloween is gay
you mean ??? Lol love it
shh .. i dont hear a Lakers fan talking at all ..
where is the best hotdog in nyc?
Sneezing is ugly!!
flarf-driven Emily Dickinson impersonator uses "yolo" instead of dashes.
Camping and frosted animal crackers.
My check this week>>>>>>
Whatcha reading right now? I'm reading "The One Minute Millionaire" by Mark Victor Hansen and Robert G. Allen.
Lady's if u love yo man show him u the fliest grind up on it show him how u ride it
For Billy Crystal.... RT Tina Fey's hair has a hardon.
Good morning Houston... Let's make it a great week and end the Q3 STRONG!!!
maybe they'll be fresher, if they just get in and play. lol
What can you live without right now? (Aside from these tweets!)
hahaha you guys are hilarious!
I'm not pissed? More annoyed.
is talking with this Thursday! He's won the ! Hit us up if you want to ask him a question.
Thanks for the RT's!!!
THIRSTY THURSDAY at the Hustler Club!Get $3 Absolut Vodka Drinks, Bud & Bud Light ! Come in for the time of your life!
I don't think that most people are aware of that though.
today was moderately hell.
Okay. Sorry, if Im being nosey, but what'd he say? ...if you dont mind telling me.
I told you I was going to throw the book at you...
I had to step away, missed Tyler Perry. But I recorded it!
Happy Birthday Week :)
I really can't decide what I'm most excited for this weekend- #HungerGames or #MadMen premiere. Can't wait.
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3> see how you use that against me
exspecially: it's not a word, friends.
that makes sense. i'd just be nervous if design gets to a point where its mostly a pay-per-view situation...
My tum tum is full :P
There aint no doubt in my mind, country must be country wide(:
AR Under TONIGHT! Come on out 'yall!!!
S/O to my new Follower ! , Mwahh Much Love and I Kills That Jerk lol
“: manliest photo ive ever been in, how about you " Yea buddy
Hello friend, please ignore the DM. Spam. I was hacked. :( I tried to DM you but Twitter won't let me. Sorry!
SuperCycle is coming really soon the Studio who's Excited
yup Tim is a great guy to have in the locker room, Shanahan always raves about him
Me, too! “: I love Sundays more when Howard live is just around the corner...”
yes yes ya are
Can't wait to have dinner with my family!
I'm not that great anyways lol
haven't followed until recently. Drawn in hearing son & other die-hard parents. Lot to learn.
will you be organizing a running/jogging group at DHSI? ;)
Hope you and the wonderful had a terrific bday bash!
You won't need to drive that far to see us haha. We'll be playing in MD soon ;)
and its march and I can think of 2... durant and Lbj
: referencen something specific from the interview, something you talked about maybe during the intro?
who are we talking about??????
Hi beautiful! I thought about you yesterday when I saw my personalized and autographed copy of "LINK THE EVOLUTION" Miss you!
+1. Though I might get gyros.
You can do anything that doesn't get me into trouble as your babysitter! :P
We should plan a trip to go see in Austin! Eep!
Thx for the
I need a squirrel.
that would be cool
- I own a company that cleans pools, what are you looking for, some help or someone to do it?
yeah it is i have like 5 shirts n a hat... Got a head shop by me that sells srh n kmk gear so i also have like 20 kmk n srh
what's the domain? we'll check it out
RT “: Never doubt Tom Brady.”
I sure hope that posts tropical pictures of her dad, in his Speedo. Tell Mr. B I said
or the military.
Waiting for my bf to text me back...wish he was here wit me.. ~*S&T*~
I'm tweeting about two different people; I bet my followers are confused as fuuuuuuuh . (x
My moms playing Logos Quiz and she cant even spell the name of the car she drives..
Less than 3 weeks until Family Fun Day at Hartwood August 8th. Lots of great stuff for the kids from 12-4pm and its all FREE!
I know! Is it still 1-0?
On what its like that tho
Been fighting a migraine for two days. I think it's finally overtaking...
Cool story bro..now go publish it and sell to someone who gives a fuck.-,-
Thinking about joining the course? Sit in on one of our classes for free. Just drop in and let us know your sitting in...
Screening tonight of Nuit #1, le nouveau debut feature by Anne Émond about young French ravers falling in love (or at least, having le sex)
Ya manda and there is also an unfollowed button
I'm so tired of mediocre movies being hyped for like two years before they come out.
yeah, I found all the info on the site! I'll probably try to go after work tonight... No idea where it is
what's the point in creating a Science Direct user account if I can't save individual articles for later?
sorry, we're fans over here ...
There have been some good trailers tonight. #Prometheus and #theraven are particularly intriguing.
I'm hungry for some breakfast!!!! LoL
how many times have u met IB?
Is this Kentucky team better than the John Wall & Demarcus Cousins team?!... I THINK SO!
sounds fancy :]
not yet
Goodnight. x- <U+2665>
RT : REAL.LIFE.EXHIBIT Grand Opening. Thanks 2 & 100's of volunteers
Wish the other gals were here to wish Maddy farewell.. I see how it is
Great show today fellow show goers See you Fri!
And, I'm lagged four days. Buh dum dum. :-)
Went to see Hunger Games today. Absolutely loved it!
Ha!! : "There is almost no marital problem that can't be helped enormously by taking off your clothes." -- Garrison Keillor
California pizza kitchen with Roo
hahah! that's too funny! when i read that i laughed so hard that i snorted & my office is dead quite too! (umm...embarrassing)
to make better grades this semester & I'm super excited about taking ASL, so I'll dedicate a lot of effort n2 ASL especially!
I'm in the best mood <3
I'm working on a little baby blueberry hat now! Whatcha working on?
No, any startup would benefit from 's teachings. Hope to see you there.
Did you know that estimates now show that over 60% of the American population is considered overweight? I say we get to work on fixing that!
4 min increments.. Really??
I am totally content with the fact that I've eaten WAY too much chocolate today. And this week.
Link doesn't work
after my haircut we will
yes mother!!!;p
Old boss told me I look great in a way that suggests it is not really true.
First #pla12 session of the day: book discussion groups
Preach! At long last, some big picture leadership in the college arena.
I mainly use V-8 for at-home bloody marys. But this TJ stuff is all off--too much vinegar and carrot maybe, not enough celery.
Staff (TEM) retreat 2012 is going to be in Rosemary Beach!! 1
Hopefully there aren't too many crumbs in the keyboard. In related news, there's some junk food in my drawers if you want it.
Omgah I do to lol. I saw the music video this morning jajaja
Never use a metaphor, simile, or other figure of speech which you are used to seeing in print
Hunger: One of the few cravings that cannot be appeased with another solution.
When is your next project due out? I've worn out Live Out Loud! Lol
how do I change that usrname?
IF YOU DON'T SEE THE FNORD IT CAN'T EAT YOU
Make vacation plans for May each year.
Design and produce your graphics ahead of time. Allow enough time to preview your graphics early. Have someone proofread your copy.
RT : ACRL 2013 proposals are due this Friday! Don't miss this opportunity to share ideas with your colleagues....
At last...the cast is off!!
My post workout treat. 2 cigarettes, 1 cold Budweiser, Tullamore Dew on the rocks and Sweet potato skins, hold the cheese.
I picked up a chick at a gay bar once. Yes it was actually girl.
“: i don't respect niggas who talk/act like bitches”
Thanks man, sent my info to the email from your website
pet peeve - screen shots of your entire desktop. really? crop that shit out people!
What do Think of third party reviews?? got to me site and click the review part and tell me what you think these
Tags:video, news coverage, TV Segment, HubSpot Culture
Hello Seattle Tweeps. Sorry 4 lack of tweets. Eldest daughter (& 1st born) married this wkend. Sun came out just in time. gotta sell paninis
No, I would say Dracula was.
my ads have been disable for invalid before they even start to appear on my blog. Please let me know how to fix this. Thank you.
Nope. If it happens it happens but the chances are slim and getting slimmer lok Xx
I'm unfollowing everyone but you
#IllHaveAnother “: The Bourbon Renewal with , lemon juice, creme de cassis, simple syrup and a dash of
Good song. Glad to hear about "Zoo", I want to see it, I'm a a ScarJo fan.
god save some for the weekend
Wow! Thank you,
damn! Nice job. Why the two-a-days?
hey Tyler will you re-follow me? (:
Outstanding breakfast briefing with Rich Miner Android co-founder and Google Ventures exec this morning! shame shame if you missed it!
i'll think about it. getting my 3rd tat next month. you'll love the quote on that one. :)
I need your healing rope.
So true about hiphop!
thank you crazy!!!
Couldnt be anymore tired than I am right now. Do not wanna go to school tomorrow. Do not wanna take finals. Do not wanna do anything
Happy hour anyone? The #firestonedistrict has plenty of choices to choose from! Make ur way down here!
he had ahold of his arm but he fell over like he got shot... Come on. Keane needs to be tougher then that!
I just made a dinner reservation for next weekend at Flying Fish Cafe. Fingers crossed we can sit at chef's table!
I just wanna share my love....share my love with u - R.Kelly
Hitting on girls via blackboard.... I have no shame >:D
I have no idea. Not sure that I want to figure out the subconscious thoughts that manifest itself in that way...
When I Met You Last Night Baby,
Sometimes things are better left unsaid.
Wow - that is amazing - suspicion confirmed (hopefully) - Now I'll go see it
RT : Speaking of, I haven't paid for the person behind me's drink in the Starbucks drive-through recently. I should.
Congrats to Coach Peeler + Lady Cards - esp the seniors - u played hard tonite & all year. Enjoyed watching u compete - thx
Can't see through Emmert's BS can you?
Received so many compliments on how awesome the venue and system is.
no problem if anything you have a fan in me I am just in aww right now that I even got a response from you.!
FINAL: No. 4 Eastern beats No. 2 St. X 8-7. Eagles SS Jonah Philley ends game w/ line drive snag and unassisted double play at 2nd base.
Mhmm, sure! Love you too(:
#VansWarpedTour was fun but I am tired. Pool time?
Wouldn't Lindsay V and Tim T make a cute couple?
Luxurious & sensual, sheer materials elevate the style of any room, Hunter Douglas line, you'll find 100's of sheer fabrics to choose from.
no Spiteful brews tonight but we will see you there!
Just finished setting up this twitter ya dig.
I hope you had a wonderful Birthday with your family Rick!
hahaha! So true!
A mysterious donor who gave $1 million to a political action committee supportive of Mitt Romney for president has been identified.
let's go #mizzou! looking for a 13-0 start to conference play.
I did not mean to retweet that. Lol.
What do think one wears to work when the temperature outside is going to be 100 with heat indexes up to 111? Is a bathing suit appropriate?
yeah yeah it takes a lot of energy to hate somebody but he's my graduate advisor and his inaction might prevent me from graduating i'm spent
old timers
we have crap sears so just by tigers bull pen
This rumor has gotten so far out of control
not watching NBA basketball related stuff, thats for sure.
thanks for spreading the word.
man they was ballin tonight u goin to thd game on weds?
K and FYI I swear to "God" I have used "Rebel with a cause" forever. And what happened bella? Your talking slow down? LOLOLO
i know u do somewhere deep down inside
Worked it good <U+2764><U+2764><U+2764><U+2764><U+2764>
Thank you for attending the New Mix event and the mention!
oh, no! Only 7 minutes left to chat with the bloggers. womp, womp.
It would be on Drudge with a "FLASHBACK" to the video of someone getting beaten up in a McDonalds. Awesome.
Ive been watching SVU all day. I need to change the channel
ugh, 146 emails.
Yeah, I was in that closed eyes/half asleep mid stage. m
When I hugged Alec, I just broke down.
Didnt know planning a birthday event would be this difficult
We have some ad space up at Check out their next orientation Sept. 6th & tell us if you see it.
if you have a dope brand! best believe we want to do business with you hit us up
has moved to room 308, bigger, badder, better
Anyone know how to trigger an SVT episode? I've only got the ECAT for two more days and so far they haven't been able to capture one.
LOL! They have an unlimited supply.
: good idea. Thank you for the good feedback. I REALLY appreciate it.
sweet. Sounds like the same organization. Although royals good first 20 years of franchise. Last 25 yrs have sucked
so good running into you last nightt <3
The kids just came in with fish from Horace and Dickies. Just a snack,but since Dinner is later-Ive got to wait! The smell is inescapable!:)
is interviewing Director today to record a few words for tonight's cOMmunity screening
Is it possible that Congress wrote the tax laws to be in legal agreement with the US Const but makes it appear they apply to everyone?
wow sounds cool! I am suffering from the 1st world problem of jury selection.
okay, cause that's what she made today. Hahaha :D
Happy Mother's day. Hope you are enjoying the day.
Success is liking yourself, liking what you do, and liking how you do it
Good idea. RT : The Obama Campaign strategy is to portray Mitt Romney as a throwback to the policies that caused the recession.
lol. I'm taking notes here.
Muppet! Muppet! Muppet!
RT: : We'll be closed on Friday, April 23, but don't fret--we'll still be open on Saturday from noon-6pm!
me too!! “: T- 5 minutes until I'm with my very best friend so ridiculously excited #cantwait #loveher”
Luv u guys! enjoying your tweets! :-) Tks for the follow!
There is a film festival somewhere out there that I need to be at.
"I woke up feeling like my left nut was being twisted off" <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7> things you hear at the hospital at 3am
As an artist I see how many artists in Africa are losing out on their property rights. - Helene Faussart
Do for me and ill do for you.
Please can you follow me???? I did!!!
I'm calling out Dwayne Wade. He keeps gambling on defense & doesn't run back. Did it 3 plays in a row! Bench his ass!
I Could Be Omw To STL But Noo , Mama Sick .
Given how I've been up since 6am yesterday you would think I'd be dear right now. However I'm just yired lol.
How do you get this information before I do? I work here!
Turbo Tax. ugh
data doesn't make one literate. other way around. you need to be "literate" to be able to use & understand data effectively for..
glad you enjoyed!
Terrible roads. #61 bus stuck at Roland Avenue & University Parkway
Are you assuming or implying that I pay zero taxes? If so, wrong.
"The Avengers" will be the closing film at New York's Tribeca Film Festival on April 28th.
I agree...will Rose be healthy for the start of next season?
I have a home game Monday and so do you, now we can take pictures with our jerseys because we both are number 17:)
your dumb..
Great day today working with a client as she reinvents herself as a leader and launches a new buisness unit. Relaxing now in Santa Monica!
I need vid ideas!!!
#chillax bro.
thanks Julie, I was going to send you a reminder in the morning :)
Just got word a certain 7" was shipped today and we will be announcing our new band and release in our next newsletter.
ACLU's Jay Stanley is concerned about #NSTIC and warns that cyberspace is not just fur commerce. It is also an avenue for expression.
Dutra can me and Brittany please hang out on Friday?
Be careful out there people. RT All NYC parks are officially closed because so many trees and branches are coming down.
Thx! RT : The Charlotte Stories exhibit is great! I didn't know the museum had some of these items from the early 19C.
f yeah! Let's do this.
Great website, great idea,
I just liked the response. I'm sure you learned your lesson. :)
#ThatOnePersonInSchool you cant stop staring at <3 omg, that person is my ex. Miss him:(
What Memorial magic???? Go Cats!!!
NOTHIN HERE HAVIN A HEAD ACH N WHAT NOT N BEING NERVOUS BCUZ OF TOMORROW AHH IM THE 1ST ONE FOR THE INTERVIEWW
Performing at the annual 420 rally fundraiser tonight @ Casselmans, doors @ 7 come through & smoke one with your boy! Play It Through 21+
All dressed up for cupcake tea at the Ritz. Yep. Then home to change for Dead Weather show later.
Michigan out in order in the sixth, Wolverines still lead UW 5-4 heading to bottom of the sixth inning.
Thanks You just cost me $115.99. ;)
Ate the chocolate world macorons and it pretty much sucked....has a hollow middle
Does anyone use QR codes at their events or has anyone ever been on the user end? Feedback?
Stunning outside, I think I'm feeling sick. Cough cough?
no one even had the Giants making the playoffs but now if Brady beats them, he's the greatest ever?
just a very slight bump.. it`s all good
#ThatAwkwardMoment when you let something slip out your mouth, and there's no taking it back
Love year-end accounting. GL review. Ugh. Need to train my staff better.
WMWJW: What's the Matter with Joan Walsh?
...There is always something to remember Something to remember To begin
yes!!! :( so depressing! dropped it while getting out of my car at work this morning. it looks so bad!
can't wait for the show it's always a ny favorite mine too!
The Dean from Community just won an Oscar! Awesome!
Slow night.. Closing early ..10.30pm come on over
Shame shame Race for the cure unless of course you're poor and must go to a place that provides *affordable* care.
#NEWARKNEWS NOW OPEN, LINCOLN RD, NEWARK
Im in a NY state of mind
two ads and an updated business plan due today. Ready set GO!
Hey miss you RT hey luv!!!!
Well thankyou! - but reaLly, the silence is essential for you to pull all your feelings in and settle within yuorself the beauty of your ...
Its the most wonderful time of the year.
Have a question about medication? Call Hieber’s at 412-681-6400 or text the word HEALING followed by your question to 96362!
Doesn't an Italian BMT sound perfect for dinner? I think so anyway. Can't wait to stop by #SUBWAY for dinner!
There's always one song...that fits the situation a little too perfectly.wtf lol
Nope. I got bored with football
what song is this.
Models I have worked with
Americana artist, is playing Friday the 13th @ 8.30pm @ The Pig N Whistle!
And you would look FABULOUS in it!
will you ever do a song with ? #Ariana100Questions 12
#ila2011 It's not just about leadership. It's about using our #leadership abilities to save the planet!
80/20 Scorer DVD release MAY 15th. Remember "Impossible is an Opinion."
RT : A true friend will never test or tempt you with things that they know you struggle with.
Sometimes I feel like I want to start everything over.
Stayed up till 3:00 reading (again) and just now getting up.
RT : watched it loved it! Im really enjoying it can't wait for each new episode keep up the good...
In n out RT : Where is that at?
I just fb now you fb
Poor Pinterest. I just got a message that they're servers are overloaded and to try again later.
I just want to say thank you to all my followers. I want to say thank you to all the fans of us entertainers.
HAPPY NEW YEARS TO ALL & U ALL HAVE A BLESSED ONE!
No bullshit - Chris brown : FAVORITE SONG EVER<U+2764>
Thanks for checking in! Let us know if we can do anything for you. Happy Monday! :)
Te quiero ami, today is a soul searching day ;-) Love u
Looks like I found a place. Very exciting!
Looking at someone on your timeline and saying "why can't I look like that?"
Francona's damaged goods. Year after year after year of soul-crushing, spirit-breaking winning takes a toll.
We can probably get you a hero card!
Nap time.. my brain is fried
is at Kona grill w the girls :)
Gotta sell your YSL? - Sun-Sentinel
#Forward 85% of the world's human population makes less than $200 a month.
i shaved i look terrible shut up but yeah how u been imu :*
Lmfao I have the best boyfriend ever just saying! He's such a sweetheart! (: Iknow your jealous.. :P
The SEO question reminds me that this is where the super-charging idea came from. If everyone is doing the same thing cont...
I'm an engineer/producer based out of FLUX Studios in NYC. I'm looking 2 meet emerging artists n the area. Can MEANYFEST help me?
Likewise. We're excited to be sharing the work we're doing and supporting the #GotYour6 message. //
Note to self: never wear flats without socks ever again. Never. Ever.
oh yeah! But I love what they are doing with the characters
Great question, and I aim to find the answer. Right after this crazy holiday season wraps up, of course.
We will be out on Washington&Fleet at Ale Marys and for a little photo shoot for the Baltimore Sun. Tonight 8pm. Sharp.
no worries! it was such a fun show! I go to USD too! it's a blast there. we will have to play some music when we get there
I just wanna feel like i'm ACTUALLY cared for...
: Greetings from LA!!
Lima...one week and counting
is your game over already?
what to do with a pound of quinoa?
I hate my geometry class.
Looking for a few people to join me & my friend as occasional writers for Let me know if you are interested. /via
Today's Tip: Don't eat out of the container or box. You'll have better portion control when you serve food with a separate plate or bowl.
Did you go out and protest for May Day???? Anything interesting happen in SC?
THX! RT : Gr8 impromptu dinnr/dessert @ The Red Door 2night. Gr8 service, tasty food... Kudos to Kim & David. C u soon!
If God dropped acid, would he see people?
So irritated with him smh
also bonus point win.
She will be loved.
Greetings' to everyone..message for today is to enjoy life while u still can. because each day is not promised to either one of us!!!~
lol, it's a good thing! It beats drafting contracts for several hours . . .
Liar! If it was "Pick On Derek Day" I would've picked on you.
WHAT DAY IS IT 2DAY? FF! Come n to , bring somethin n frm the posted buzzfeed link & get it cleaned 4 FREE!
RT My food's not at all what I ordered, thats gotta be bad ... Sorry all the live streamers if I eat in your face :-)
Does Baytown still run EMS separate from Fire?
Nothing much you?
Walking. The safest, most efficient way to burn fat. MindFirstFitness.
I'm like the fucking terminator. I'm just gonna keep coming after you.
It's time you get your story straight.
merry christmas to you to
Architects is in charge of $700m Rams dome retrofit.Same firm was lead design firm for Miller Park
More L.A. #shakespeare for #ff: - Richard I. Catch it before it closes Feb 25.
they definitely need to make one of those!! That would be so awesome! We should make one (: lol
it's the email for imessage
is that bad? :o RT added penguins to her bio.-.
i do A&R for the label that releases all the music on iTunes.
As long as Tebow remains humble, NY will not get the best of him. He might help change the mindset of NY media.
All of this subtweeting...
I gotta get back over that way!
me and Jenny are going to throw a party when you come home :)
c'mon, Bingham smells like roses.
we are looking forward to unveiling our new look to RELG 2636!
Send us pics of your favorite Spring shorts look for a chance to be featured in the next Jeantherapy photoshoot!
tehehe its OK:) but uhm my mommy said that I can spend the night or you can spend the night of you want tonight :)
u knoe it,but its really not mines doe but i need sumbody 2 tlk 2 doe
It's scary to think that there's only 4 more years left until the "grown up world" for me. ;c I wish things would slow down.
Yea u right but dey probaly peeped dat basket full of 20's one day lol
My boss and I just did a happy dance in her office. This is not a joke.
Yeah man some Mexican thugs from Detroit. People are crazy!
Bored, listening to Black Veil Brides<3
What are you doing there?!
Tried out Whole Foods. Left with a block of cheese and some weird crackers. But I could have left with some Toms. It was an option.
Patio open, martini making & DJ spinning! See you tonight!
OK, OK, something nice. It's nice to not have to pretend like we're impressed by Derek's juggling
Just had a great meeting with in SF! First date of their headliner tour! Looking forward to working with them, great guys!
You don't understand. Hamas will fight to the death!! (of helpless children and other civilians
"Lucky I didn't have Jay drop him from the team"
Wow, 5 shows now booked and 1 radio interview. Going to be a busy end of the year!
MiLB guys are just my type!
Idea: useable coffee filter dispenser. There. I just made you a million dollars.
thanks for the heads up. We'll check it out.
Why am I not getting notifications that people are messaging me on here?
Do you have a mobile provider with no roaming agreement, which causes problems for your business?
What is your anxious child's favourite exercise? Is it a group or family activity?
Just got a new track hot off the press. Studio Gangstaz-Get Nasty. This track is gonna rock the electro house scene!
First Mammoth fan to find Wooly in the building and say the phrase "All-Decade Team" to the mascot will win a sick prize!
hm who and where are you tracking? I might be down... Caught part of barmmap on ustream last night. Interesting!
You have 100,000 followers? o: PUT IT ON YOUR RESUME. They'll be sure to hire you.
Nobody gets me.
Thinking about the after party.. I might go
SNOW in Salzburg!
If you can't look in the proverbial mirror and find a flaw, that IS your flaw.
Benefits vary & are often unexpected. Ex: teaching seniors/kids tech turns into dealing w/ ESL folks for the first time.
to be happy and loved "That's All I Really Wanna Do".
After passing three dairy queens, you eventually just take it as a sign.
if you have a problem with the rule that is fine. No need to continually bash Bo for playing by the rule.
Good, not just me! Unfortunately, I often forget about them for a while :P
Good Morning Tweepz
Sony launches new smartphone - Sun.Star
Tacos are back?! No Fish & Chips?
For real? Yikes! Good catch.
U design album covers 4 the band #Transcendence! Great work. Good 2 meet u! RT : become villains
awhh I didn't win. I guess I should break the news to my mom...
thanks for the Blast on new video by The Natural
#808Pridenews Its 9:55am and i just woke up kama should be up in like 6hours
Edwin Maysonet grand slam, as predicted by
I just finished the Hunger Games Trilogy and I'm speechless!
Valentine's Day Twitter poetry contest! Tweet us your "love letter" about the Bali Hai for a chance to win a $50 gift cert! Through Monday..
RT : Stress kills. Smile more.
do you feel like a plastic bag?
call my PR director Molly at 215-413-1443 & she'll schedule an interview. Can't wait to talk about
will I run into you at #bigomaha?!
I don't feel good .
spring break for me so far is awsome : )
thanks, looks like a great conference. Even if I don't make the cut, I still hope to attend!
“Our food should be our medicine and our medicine should be our food.” – Hippocrates
RT The extremely happy moment when you drop your iphone/ipod and the headphones save its life.
but shit than again maybe she will...
FCPA: Warren Buffett: “There’s never just one cockroach in the kitchen.”
Stuck in a classroom all day
Thanks for shout-out about my classes. Look forward to perhaps seeing you there...
I'm prone to hyperbole, but one of the best meals I've ever had.
RT : Finished Daniel Handler's Why We Broke Up. It's a must read for any love-sick or heartbroken teen. Or an adult...
RT Love this feeling. I'm 15 years old right now!
the 4 amibros! sold. we may need to move to this given the clientele for the new "water pong" at gus'
Love him or hate him, LeBron was the MVP this season. Well deserved.
To run or not to run ..
I'm so proud of you! I told you loves you so much! ;) I felt too :)
yes , ex-ac-a-tact-ly :( haha.
Tonight is the last night for salsa under the stars at Elements for the season. Last chance till spring! Hope you join us in P&L tonight!
RIP Titanic and those that perished 100 years ago.
thanks for the kind shout-out - you make it easy!
Tweeted at halftime of 1st game. Just sayin RT Kentucky v. Kansas Monday nite. Officially calling with 25% of games played ...
High Noon Saloon Sunday Dec 19 @ 1pm for the GRC Fund Raiser! Queenie & the Blue Cats, The Sigourney Weavers, plus GRC & LRC bands!
my pleasure. Please feel free to keep me in line when needed also
RT : The Crisis in Scholarly Communication is like The Cold War. One reason why claims that "
which is indian for??
Success of integration has much to do with teacher education. Cost of team-teaching; mastermind who can bring it together
i want to see Lebron get a ring no lie. i just wanna see his reaction
$1 burger Monday $3 tall cocktails $2 miller deb has music on patio and sun shining
Coming to Jacksonville, TX next Friday night!
haha true, I took it easy on him though since he is still in the league (on my celts, injured but was better than i thought
Glad I learned how to zone out ...haha
why does Sloan look so manorexic?!
Ray allenn for three!!!!
Wondering what the Line will be when we play Lions for Bears to knock Matt Stafford out for t season for the 3rd year in a row?
your tweets are so deep right now! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Hahaha, yes please! My self esteem has been pretty low since I haven't gotten too many new followers lately... :'(
My second game this year, hit up Marquette at Providence, gotta take free tix when you can get em
Caesar ain't tha type 2 ride dick but Since88 finna be HAM!! Thorobread music let's go!
He's only been at NC St for 1 year. I was thinking of his record at Bama--OK, but not bring-him-to-UK level.
New CandySwipe FREE game comment in the #android market: "Luv this game" by Anna
Still need to sign up for advising
weather forecasters don't know anything
Daily cleansing can take a toll on your skin. Use cool water when rinsing your face.
The only things my room is missing is a tv, ps3, and fireplace
Nice rally cap bro. You're the anti-Bartman. Go stand in center field.
I was chilling drinking my coffee. Anything wrong this that?
It's a knucklehead city
I'm heading to my next stop shortly. We'll plan ahead next time. :)
Another day another dollar!
i think i am this weekend!
I need the hairspray DVD please I'm being harassed :(
Today is gonna be brilliant! Say it with me...
Never was a #tebow fan & just love #PeytonManning. Go !!
Yes i do i will be opened tomorrow
sore throat :/
LOL... I'm sorry but this level of service is unacceptable.
Turning off my alarm because I don't have to work until 5 tomorrow is a great feeling. Only thing better would be no work at all.
I can see that happening very easily actually esp at FAMU. Ppl can bring in fake papers/documents plus it's up to
costs more but has so many great features! Would be great 4 presentations. Bummer on the long wait-let me know how it works out
that sounds amazing!
Seriously? Explains a lot. Still, MLS could take efforts to recruit & certify more.
which arbys? On what street girl?
#ATTENTION PLEASE FOLLOW NOW!!! ---> #TVDFAMILY #PLLFAMILY #DIRECTIONER #FOLLOW NOW NOW NOW NOW!!! GO GO GO!!!
what's Cherry Smash?
Thanks man. This shit is stressful!
a exiting bachelor just said "she's missing out on a great body" and then showed us? um????
hey thanks buddy! hope to see you there...
4 more day til Georgia! Band practice tonight!! <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B8><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B5>
Dear Winnipeg and True North, PLEASE NAME YOUR TEAM!!! is anyone else getting annoyed that its been weeks and still no name!?
Give a jackass an education and you get a smartass
pedialyte & Gatorade can be your friend. Hope you feel better soon.
Here at Yanni's concert for a friend who sings backup: the gorgeous voice of Lauren Jelencovich!
Where you at
Saw 's name on the title credits! Excited!
When Joseph missed that free throw, how angry were you?
I love !!! She is truly an incredible inspiration!!
Hey Heat....Love that you got BEAT!!
hahaha omg the speech was so bad. Not a fan.
": My cutie presenting all by herself & looking cute af :* <3" I almost passed out.
You're just lucky that I have a great sense of humor lol.
RT“: #Cancer and #Scorpio match made in Heaven when they are getting along or else a volcanic eruption waiting to happen”
by the way, great game Pens, just need three more like it
Thanks for your vote! We hope you'll keep casting votes for us until May 21, and encourage your friends to do the same!
Youtube ads will be the death of me
Why are so many suggesting Gomez for Leino? Sabres would never take on an albatross like Gomez.
One thousandth tweet. <3
I always buy things on impulse & i just bought some purple paisa lookin heels . . . its a sign. lol paisa anna !
Idk what this pertains to but I'm gonna be upset if i missed Jericho
1490 ESPN "The Zone" travels from Corpus to McAllen tomorrow to broadcast Alexander vs Brownsville Pace at 3:55pm with & me.
Semi truck rolls onto an suv north of Lancaster this morning.The truck was carrying 6-foot-long ceramic pipes, crushing the front of the suv
"mom knows best" Favorite quote ! <3
Petite feet, feminine step, sounds like a lady when he's walking in a room
#Seattle won the #snow war w/ #Portland. Big time. One flurry in SE #PDX this morning and now it's sunny. I'll take it.
#808Pride NEVER say ur not #Beautiful because baby u were born this way
More food for thought: If the subsidized $99 Xbox 360/Kinect comes to fruition, could it be a test-run for their next-gen console pricing?
That awk moment when a person's like "you know that thing..." and you dont know what they r talkin so their like "oh... Nevermind then."
PR Tip of the Day: Every story needs a “poster face”. For reporters, no story is worse than one without any ordinary people in it.
I just saw this, great article! If we're connected all the time, strong arguments against 2 hours of traffic each day.
Awww!! I love and miss you too!!!!! <3 <3 <3 Yup, still in Spain living it up the last month I have. :D
I am good... thanks for asking and you? :)
Hope everyone is looking forward to the Oscars tonight! Any predictions?
“: She can cook like her mother and drink like her father. #ShesAKeeper” I'd keep her!!!!
Would love to see a Celtics - Sixers series.
That said, I hope he has a good start and the #Dodgers bullpen runs afoul of #TheLegendOfGeorgeKottaras again
Wow. Weather is here!
How the hell is it getting light out already
Hi Amrit! We sent you a message about the release of "Pluto" by Twintapes! Did you receive it? We would love your feedback!
Manners is very important in the Santorum household. Grammar, not so much....
Join the Twitterthon. Donate a tweet to raise awareness of
the opposite of.... eh, it's been done.
thinkin about what. And same
Can you do 7:30? If so, I can reserve a table for 5.
if we're being honest pitbull looks more like a hairless cat than a pitbull
Bring back the Heartbeat of America slogan
Today's adorable (but fragile) find: pressed violets sent by a 6 year old to her older brother in 1901.
someone has to keep him on his toes.....hes been slacking all day...so scared of a little itty bitty 14ft gator. lol
Sneezing, Watery Eyes, & Coughing your guts out; What fun. D:
Hey, it was a good edit, though. I mean, if you're gonna use puppets, then use puppets.
Five days into #Lent and I've already screwed up. I couldn't even last a week!
Looking at Noein it's a cool a anime I like to watch.
"I'm seeing all the signs from above. I'm gonna be the one that he loves! I was made for loving him, the fashion of his love"
Yes I forgive but I learn to never forget.
Any chance we'll see a Charity Water Big Jambox in those fantastic colors?
I mean you can check on him whenever you want;)
#gtd 3 of 4) A printout of my tasks for when I'm not getting a signal
even better with a hoppy dog
Hard week. Life will get better:/
what's degree?
...ready to celebrate the weekend in T - 1 hour. What are your plans?
Testing can lick my left toe.
A kiss is a rosy dot over the 'i' of loving
my favorite quote!
It was so nice having out last week that we actually kind of miss her...it may be the circuslike aura that she provides
What desk did you get? I need a new one.
have a damn headache I can't get rid of.
Fuckk so not down for a full day of school tomorrow -___-
West Ham and Bayern double today
Movie Tavern with Nee Nee and my In-Laws. :)
Why are you scared? Hahaha
I am officially addicted to coffee... again. Happens every time.
this sucks butthole where u have to scoop ur poop out of it with a spoon!
Homo Picnic LP on the wall at Milkcrate
Just a feeling....I'm guessing McCarthy goes for the jugular here...either a long bomb or no huddle the entire drive
Getting some negative feedback re: my original M&M question... What I meant was that I prefer: M&M peanuts, pretzels, peanut butter, etc.
No following Hook it up w some good events!!!
Can't take SVU seriously in HD
Taught that to worship those with $, cars, clothes and hoXs, but none of these things can save or cleanse your soul.
I can only be board for so long then I go insane then realise I am all ready insane Then go back to being Board :/
Hi Can You Follow Me Pleaz..? (: And I Think Your Really Pretty..!
Another beautiful day in LA
Love a woman in boy shorts !!!!!!
Landsharks are no lie
- Doing great bud! Just that work has picked up, but nevertheless, still getting it in!
singing group
RT : "Don't let yourself be defined by the competition." Ken Chenault, CEO Amex [Great quote live at #FMC!]
WHY DON'T WE HAVE A FOREMAN GRILL IN THE CAR?!!!
God bless the day came to the
I like Americanos now, but it took me a while to warm to them. Always compared them to drip coffee. Apples & oranges. I feel so hip now!
NEW ICON(:
2 for iPhone 4, iPad, and iPod touch 4, will you still pay for the full MobileMe service?
They pay $0.75 an hour in China. The race to the bottom. That's where we are headed.
KitchenAid Stand Mixer GIVEAWAY | Budget Friendly Holiday Meals from Sam’s Club (12/29) via
please follow me cause i will #NSN! and there will only ever be #Onetime when you follow me and today could be it x 5
Today @ Noon on the Lunch Time Theme Park, The Rock & Roll Yearbook for '66 - The Beatles have lots of hits, The Beach Boys release their...
There are no shortcuts to hosting the Oscars, but there are ways to save time on your papers so you can actually watch it this year
I'm at kings island I want to meet youu , ah were are you
oh thanks sweet sista. this pregancy has majorly taking a toll on me. been sick, energy drained.
and we are going straight to <U+26EA>
should have been ejected from the game. Kick = punch. I smell a fine coming!
Today's weather : High of 70 a low of 46!
Alright dammit who took my copy of License to Ill and my 5 Boroughs? Return em now and no one gets smacked!
I hear ya...Racine is looking better & better. They actually support small biz. Get me out of here
You should think of good things cuz not all of my goodies are showin :o) lol
Weirdo Cartoon Network !!
follow our members that use twitter! much love, WS <3
im stupid...i mixed up americas next top model with american idol...lol omg
As tu encore ton text+ ?
I know it's late, but thank you for the recommendation!
Bravo, good sir, for holding to your principles. Loving Connectrode so far!
so excited for November 2nd!
Daily GTKY question: Have you ever had something happen to you that you thought was bad but it turned out to be for the best?
I'm just done with everyone's bullshit.
come on all I need is 5 more #TeenWolf fan follwers to get 300 COME ON PEOPLE I FOLLOW BACK?!?!?!??!?
basically lol if I were you I'd turn in your app and talk to the dude he said he's able to hire everyone that applied.
where's the new pocast #5?
Little red ones sure are, at least.
Its amazing.... the ride of life.
i hope there's a real story.
Will walker I love you !
Ha! Amazing.
That's not an awkward moment that's a fucked up moment! I hate that crap!
we also offer free shipping as well look at the coupons try and get all the savings that you can..
For donations brought to StreetFood Asia for the Hunter family, you'll get a complimentary small plate (up to $10 value)...
Keep it 100
then tell him?
Milling your own flour in house is great, except that you still need to flavor your food and not treat your guests like shit.
My winner: Jon Huntsman. I like a silver fox and some reason.
I like the stoner titles and emblems. High command, or the so baked with the pot leaf.
To all the real rappers singers and entertainers #Salute!>Starboy!
will do(;
if you think having wireless internet is pulling all your wires from your computer You might be a digital redneck!
Looking forward to dinner with tonight. Always a treat. And then some.
got some lowell shows in the works for december, and still booking! let us know if you're interested in playing a show!
oh my got we got 1000!!! KRKDODNEKFJSM
Transformational leaders transform themselves, their friends, their families, their community, and through a ripple effect, their world.
Thanks for the RT
And if "brands" are the only ones in books making money, is that a publishing problem or a culture problem?
Q2 You’re in a foreign country and your travel companion falls ill. What do you do?
Those ninja moves you make when you are about to drop your phone.
#Thehungergames was amazing!! :)
I don't like this Internet censorship. Sounds like a potentialy shitty movie staring Tom cruise as the Internet police.
Cops deny forcing House of Blues to cancel local rap concert - Chicago Tribune
I don't do any vulgar movements. - Elvis Presley
Sully, I am disappoint.
miss you on TV, Congratulations and looking forward to it. Have been watching you since you were a little girl. Yay !!
Damn perfect chance to tie the game
welcome to the twittersphere, !
Silly me for thinking the basketball playoffs would be more fun to watch than #GC2012. Bet some delegates are praying for a slam dunk...
Gearing up for the 21st and trying to spread word about PAUSE for Peace!
I love making peolpe #smile. :)
Alexus has her first school dance tomorrow...man im feeling old
"You either die a hero or you live long enough to see yourself become the villain." - Poor Ole Caps Right Winger Joel Ward
thanks again, Andy, for featuring the #Burma #photos. Much appreciated! JF
you're mean. You didn't send me a happy birthday wish;( Jk I still love ya!!
yep rewrites and all hate my editor
My 2 rules of fashion are don't wear dog tags unless you have done a tour of duty and headbands and sweatbands are not considered formalwear
"Science cannot exist in a bubble" says "People Matter," smart new film
Happy birthday!
its fine
"You are the average of the 5 people you spend the most time with."- Jim Rohn
trying hard NOT to get excited about the #wildcard, but #dodgers are only 5.5 back. . .it ain't over until. . .
No Matter How Much PAIN I'm In .. I Wont Ever Let It BREAK Me !
Much thanks to & for their terrific insights into #FOI and #opengov issues at
I thought it was a wee bit odd you wanted to hang out on a Thursday! Hehe. I have no plans Friday, but I work 4-8 :( after?!
We are excited you see you today! What are you planting?
lmao!! I get it now! It now makes sense!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
He said he don't do omegle. He just said it on the twitcam.
is wearing a Kansas jayhawks shirt today.
Nice to see that the family of Roy Orbison was willing to part with those shades.
me too! you gotta buy her some flowers(:
lol tell me
I hate being sick like every other damn week. It's getting old. -.-
thank you!!
Studying for a job interview. #DNS, #DHCP, The TCP Stack, #Perl, sub-netting, routing protocols. It's all coming back gradually. :)
Going up to my local pier. Time to get away from the TV or I'll never stop watching :).
I just discovered you and I love your music n.n!! <3
: NOT TONIGHT!!! GO NOLES!!!
Thanks for following my back up go follow!
A lot of us out here have our resumes ready!
Congrats tonight! one of these days they may actually air the win of the Gospel awards :D
All taken Care of and YES it was an oversight!
Im having a hard time with Oliver leaving, ive never been so happy
you're GIVING them suits?
~ Holy Awesomeness!!
Midwest Dates announced soon
Sorry to jump in, but I have to ask. Why stay with AT&T then?
There's no better way to start the week right (and make up for the "Big Game" junk food) than ordering something off of the Simply 600 menu!
Warm up with a pot of Ginger Pu-erh tea with a cup of Onion-Fennel Bisque and a Grilled Fontina, Mushroom & Arugula Sandwich.
um tell austin to stop copying my chem homework.
thing 4 u in return.
Lol! Thanks! one of these days I need to change it up but I get lazy about that kind of stuff
Daryl Dragon turns 69 today. He's the Captain in Captain and Tennille. He has some neurological condition now. Sad.
Your my best friend , I would never EVER do anything to hurt you ! <U+2665> && I don't want you thinking I would .
Seriously...wait for the close up...it's even sexier.
When someone sends you a text that says “call me”. Why didn’t you just call me?
Heard online: "Pinterest 'xplain me something. How do I find out where the items pictured are FROM? Isn't this the whole point?"
Sorry to hear about the chemo. Lots of warm wishes and good thoughts and feeling betters in you and your husband's direction.
i feel anxious >.<
Hope everyone had a fabulous #hangover free weekend! We'll be giving out some samples of Closing Time in a little bit so stay tuned :)
LOL! who is speaking at #smss is telling latecomers that they have to twirl as they walk in....and some are!
almost 4pm. last half hour at work. pretty slow kaya good naman.
Happy Friday everyone!!!
#FF to our new design followers!
Why doesn't beer come in juicebox form?
Thanks for the RT!! Have a fabulous Tuesday!
Thanks Slavery!
oh metro, time to be alone w myself and 60 of my closest strangers
Trying "Midnight in the garden of good and evil" again. Couldn't get into it before; lovin' it this time. Age brings humor, maybe?
Be sure to check out video list I just retwt'd. One mentions "calculus in real life" !!!
Grow your intuition + imagination. Open to the #Spark inside you.
Nothing official yet?
No severe T'storm warnings yet for Waukesha or Ozaukee but you could be up next. -Justin
RT if you love Harry Styles <U+10E6> (follow me )
tx for following me. you must be a friend of my girlfriend Jamira.It's a good day that Zimmerman is being charged
omg it was. x.x;; The Ghost Hunter guys were AWESOME. They're so cool and shit. Like, they started convos with us.
#100factsaboutme I'm a heartbreaker, but if you break my heart, I'll burn your house down! :-)
oh no!! I love laughing at crazies on segways here in SD. Especially when they look so serious on them.
LOL :) Yeah, and they will blame Bush for it...
Follow to get more information about Music in Atlanta
Almost Home
thank god for my family. absolutely the best people in the entire world.
I LOVE the promo!
We can all fucking sponsor a rescue seal or something. No need to get a tattoo, I'll remember you all perfectly fine.
see the mission's to get what we don't got, the strugglin' don't stop until we drop
Hulu live streaming State of the Union tonight, 9pm EST.
#everyonehasthat1familymemberwho never shuts up...oh wait thats me
you need some of cupcakes at your birthday celebration!!
"Never give up on something you can't go a day without thinking about"
Happy Mothers Day! :D Headed to surprise my Mom, Aunt & Grandmother! (:
AYE U BE LOOKIN GOOD N SHIT
No matter what I'm always going to care about you even if you don't me. Idc
About to get TNF party action started! 5:30 kickoff
YouTube or podcasts only, no typing
good I cleaned my room did some laundry and got some head
When is this gonna start?
It's a rainy day on vacation.
dude had knee surgery, like 2 months ago?
please add to the list. Thanks
is it?
Great Day...feel like makin sum moves
Trying to decide how to make it in academia w/o selling soul to the process of always realizing I am less respectable, somehow, w/o tenure.
Just met David Solano! :D
What's going on with website? Keep getting an #error when trying to look up #summer flights :(
What It Do Bro, DM Me Yo Email Too
weak tweet
nope not working is it public?
Having an awesome wife really does make life easier.
Taking a day off or Relaxing means I'm just slowing down my workload for the day...
haha oh yea I remember that! That was funny!
Forecast for Wednesday Night: Mostly clear in the evening. Becoming cloudy. Patchy fog overnight. Lows 54 to 59....
You wasn't with me shooting in the gym!
it really does.
There's always a first time :)
I love that movie! She cracks me up in it.
ok . ima call you in a min.
let me come out with me own shit
Don't know what I'm buying my dad for christmas
BUT IMMA KEEP VOTING FOR YALL CAUSE I LOV YOU GUYS :)
just caught a short clip from "hot dogs for gauguin" - you make a loveable terrorist! but how does it end...?
could I ask you a question (:? Its actually kinda important?!
I'm not sure about that, but my comment on Ricky was meant to be facetious.
thx for following!
"Parents"- à comedy/ Horror film, rated R. Set in the 50's. Involves cannibalism and house wives? Okay.
Is gold still a safe haven.
Too many commercials, not enough show.
You should give me a shout back for wearing your jersey every Sunday since you signed with the birds last season!
says May of 2013 but we can pull some strings... :)
Want to try new FF dishes—incl #meatless items? Only 4 hrs left to tell why you deserve 2 free tix to our 4/13 popup! Good luck.
I was booked for 3-days with Appointments! Many wonderful Healings and lives changed... God's blessings upon all.
Survived my first week at the new job. Very grateful didn't fire me.
That's kind of what I figured. My little one doesn't like playing in the rain!
On chill mode tonight.
I have the weirdest dreams.
MARRY ME NAILL HORAN
it was great. Yours???
Happiest of Bday wishes to you :)
I hate when I turn a Guy down and then i hear him tell his friends " fuck her she's not even all that hot" that really hurts my feelings
On my way to see mom. :)
Beautiful day
It has been quite the week. If I don't pass out in my enchiladas later, I'll end in the win column.
Its a blessing and a curse. :D
um i did lol
perfect!! i'll come over soon and we can bond! i must got get luncheon first!
RT oh boy : So Sami says MOM, what did you do to your hair, you need to fly me home so I can fix your hair!! Color is all ...
come on now
Also guacamole, Settlers, Peace (a family Risk in which everyone wins), theoretical physics, sharing apps, vampire movies.
It's always a great feeling when a movie based on one of your favorite books doesn't suck.
just another social network
Define yourself, then outperform! RT : "Don't let yourself be defined by the competition." Ken Chenault, CEO Amex . So right on!
RT Can't make it to Friday's event? You can still purchase raffle tix for a chance to win a 3-month lease on a MINI Cooper!
Amazed when SEOs complain about Google updates. Just shows how out of touch they are with things like vision, authenticity and adding value
- We Will Meet Again Bitch !
work hard play hard
I always hated those weird men's briefs in europe that didn't say anything on the waistband.
thanks dear! <3
DITTO! RT I'm not going to lie if they actually did build an underwater arena I would love to see it/work there.
#Oomf needs to not ac like sheeOn suckk dick !
Coast 2 Coast last night: Bigfoot w/ telekinetic powers? Outrun a cheetah? Its very existence remains a mystery; let's stick to that for now
Tweet me guys I'm bored -Diamond.
#inspiringperson i used to be so shy, when i saw you on youtube it changed me, now i talk more and could not be more happy<3
The ability to embrace change, and empower employees.
#NowPlaying they know remix <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A7> he so adorable i freakin love this boy<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
So surprised it wasn't COLDER! : in DC April only 1.5º milder than March #dcwx many cities April cooler than March
Shopping With Mommy <3
These tears wear me out.
OMG just more #batshitcrazy : RT : Santorum: “Now Bella is a life member of the NRA…And I hope it’s a long life!”
My first patient fall today :( technically not a fall though since we had to lower her to the ground...
Another grocery chain is expanding in Portland. Zupan's spent $3 Million to convert the old Wizer's in Lake Grove. More at 6:30pm
Neither of these teams will beat the Spurs.
“: I just feel like I'm over this shit and I wanna smoke weed.”
hum...are you taking classes? might be able to get a student discount. my bro's at u of m--something to think on...
Have you ever heard God speak to u? What did he say?
Thank you for the retweet!
Working on editing Episode 4 as I Tweet. Sorry about it being a day late, [matt]'s been busy with work.
days like these make me think about stuff
Thanks for the retweet!!
Congrats to and : Peabody on #HD3 & for at same time. Did not break internet.
Thank-you my #MothersDay is now much brighter!
smokin weed like its legal
#boyfriends aren't always there for you, but #bestguyfriends are...
Keep your head up gorgeous. They would kill to see you fall. <U+2764>
RocLyfe has just reached over 1000 followers in two weeks...let's keep moving ppl...
Got the lunch time blues, we got lotsa pizza coupons. Beat the Monday BLAHS, have it delivered and beat the heat! www.Denver4Less.com
at my desk
My definition of hell on earth: going to the Apple store in Austin tomorrow to get a new iPad 2 while SXSWi is in town.
if you're wise.
So did I mention how much I love being stuck at my house...oh yeah a lot...-___-
I'm going to invent the new literati genre called laundromat horror stories.
Jessica Simpson finally gives birth - Dramarama
game of thrones
Thanks to our new followers & !
wats good bro'
Ur one of the most fakest people i fucking know fureals u make me laugh dumb bitch((:
Couple hours of sleep and off I go to sin city!
watching the rays game :) longoria <3
RT to keep Joe Biden on the road & in the news, totally uncensored.
#HarvardSquare is still one of my happy places. Good to know.
hahahaaha! this made my day... mastaaaah cylindaaah (doot, doot, doot) master cylinder... going to be singing it all day!
wa miss you come home
Hailstones ? It must be May.
Don't even try to make me feel like shit when I got plenty of shit on you to ruin you.
yes it is!
I Made It So You Hate It That I'm In All Of Your Friends' Playlist..
haha I'm talking about you #duh (:
The Twisted Animated Take On Amare Stoudemire Versus The Fire Extinguisher (Video)
yea definitely man
Hopefully Lebron and D.Wade can pull it off this year!
I saw that you finished cleaning your room...not!
A bird does not sing because it has an answer. It sings because it has a song.
oh gosh I hate when that shit happens! I order then I realize I have no money & have to tell them to hold it embarrassing <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
I would love to conjoin! We could be attached at the hip-Siamese Social Media Twins!
and I have coined a new phrase, 'Nit-Twit'...why don't I get it?
Ch-ch-ch-ch-changes
Good morning! I woke up craving chocolate...does that ever happen to you? #SUBWAY cookies & coffee for me this morning. Breakfast of champs!
I have no idea. My grandpa is the weirdest eater. Grandpa, WTF IS WRONG WITH YOU AND YOUR OLD ASS?!
Yeah, tied on points with that team featuring Landycakes, Posh's boy-toy and Robbie Keane. Oh, and we have a game in hand. #Crew69 #FireWho?
tip talk huh? I guess, why not, it is Wednesday!
You're suppose to dislike him. You watch BECAUSE of him RT : oh god I hate Pete Campbell....I watch in spite of him
thanks for joining today's chat:
Only one person retweets my tweets. LOL. I'm so totally popular ;D
Woohoo! Breakfast with my Beyonce and my Best Man
Although this whole ban foie gras debate while there's double-digit unemployment is a great example of how ridiculous California politics is
I noticed that. I wasn't watching--that's why they won.
America in the global community. I'm in it right now, we have to freehand the
2. My "Wreck This Journal" Book! <U+E148><U+E502>
The Adventures of Bub Rodgers in the 21st Century!
Forgot to mention that has been semi-secretly watching Girls while I sleep. It's ok: he updates me so I can have opinions
Great night at macs!!!!
The truth you believe and cling to makes you unavailable to hear anything new. -Pema Chodrun
I just showed that to my GF and we both awwed really loudly haha. And yes, being a pup parent is the best.
Crap! You're leaving me in the dust on my own good intention! Gotta try harder.
it's in my old hood - only 1/2mi down the road from where I lived for 3 years.
open in CLE, close at home vs NYG. Thursday game at home vs CIN. Dallas on 2 SNF, in NOLA for MNF
our apologies. we just changed our hours.
I'm the new American idol, up until someone lowers the volume on the music lol
Got a 7th and 8th grader to help me with my crush. ME GUSTA~
if you like fantas of course. (Modern Fantasy)
Discussing this now!
About done with some people
": #Confession I'm still not real sure what the Agriculture Commissioner does."Unfortunately 1 thing is he oversees the horse industry
“: The economy is NOT doing better. Don't be fooled by the numbers.” it definitely is starting to.
Guys assume every girl is a hoe cause thats all they ever had. They never actually had a good "woman".
love love love your music.
Still a lovable dump! RT : Maloof raises idea of renovating Power Balance, says it would cost less, put less pressure on city.
hahah ok ok but I think we can't talk about that here lol :P
Good morning, the sun is up, are you?<U+E414>
putting on feathers and flapping your arms is a good second attempt
Peppermint supports liver & respiratory systems, improves taste & smell and improves concentration and mental sharpness per some studies.
I love my Arianator family<3
Alex Presley needs to be optioned to Indy. He needs to find his groove again.
Mark the time: I just saw someone use Siri for a real purpose, not showing it off to friends.
I Realize That A Relationshio Comes With Marriage Thoughts But Is It To Early To Talk About It
: I got permission to leave at 4:30. are you coming to my library tomorrow?
just realized that I'm not packing yet! I need to pack, clean, study, and shower before 10. hopefully that will work.
Hello, newspaper, somebody get me re-write! #Rockies Todd Helton just hit grand slam! It's 4-4 in eighth.
woah! Figures you'd put your real face when you're not Jillian "k" anymore ;)
#ThingsICantLiveWithout Levi jeans and heels...
I just want to go back to sleep.
Drinking a campfire mocha from Caribou its only necessary when I have a strained big toe and have to wear heels
Some people need to learn how to mind their own business.
Thanks bud. I bought a 12 pack, so a beer or ten is definitely doable.
that's one meal you could have at any time :)
sounds good to me bud -- enjoy the game!!
Have a beautiful day! Just met with some great people at Desert Rose Restaurant in Los Feliz last night. Great Lebanese food. Yummy!
im so scared
I am ready for 2012!!! Whatever happened in 2011 is behind me now!!!!
This is not the person I used to know You're not the person I used to know
We'll take thibs if chicago won't keep him.
Today is preparing to go to #ISTE11 tomorrow. Excited! Wish I was there today for Educon, oh well, I will follow what goes on here!
i think they will be alright...
Ditto! Next time I want to see your pretty face!
Same here...I saw all of them. This surpassed all of them.
I made you wait for so long D: *hugs and gets in the car*
Mehh. hope i make it in time!!! :(
Cashier at lunch spot yesterday has a son with swine flu...I'm still showing no symptoms. Phew.
I'll be at #ala11 too. It's my first time as well.
Gunna be another one of those great days! Happy to be where I am
Tonight, Bakers, the B Will Experiment, 8pm
in Arizona? Damn
My life cud honestly not get any much worse....:'/ why is this happening to me....:'(
I give up ._.
YES! RT : If your interactive runs on an iPad, visitors expect to be able to pinch, zoom, i.e. use it as an iPad.
Boy : "Can you help me?" Girl : "Sure.. What can I do for you?" Boy : "Can you love me?"
Smoke my life away
thx so much. I get so much inspiration from my pln and #kinderchat I'm so lucky to be a part of it all
Can never fall asleep on Sunday nights
I hope Buzz punches Cadougan in the face at halftime.
Woo-hoo! Lets do it! :) RT : Thank you so much for following me! Let's get the message out!
not drunk yet
will you follow me please?? I gave up on trying to get and to follow me :(
It would go viral, dude.
Referring to Madonna: "I think she needs a new hip!"
You can't always "make it happen".....sometimes, you gotta "LET it happen".....
A Woman holds it down but A Lady never brags about it <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
LMAO!! ": The throw up on my trick<<< -_- thanks Chris lol"
bring on the Heat! round 2 of the playoffs finally woo
On the upside I'm going Snowboarding for the first time on friday !
Call me McDonalds because I'm loving it!!!!
"Writers write. Dreamers talk about it." -Jerry B. Jenkins
Can I get a puppy bowl update?
5hrs of gameplay so far. Knowing me imma rank up quick like I did on mw2.
So why is summer really about to be on in poppin tho! #summer2012 <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
I knew a guy that was so full of himself he broke out in narcicysts.
I don't understand socks and flip flops, but I understand tights and flip flops less.
- could do , but sounds pompous (?) so maybe , or Something fresh and new for you! :)
Tie dying with my boo this week
Anyone have a clue on how much VIP tix are gonna be?
U inspired me at gym today. Did ur push ups from my knees with the kick up at the end. Hopefully my end will kick up soon : )
Looks fun, and scary. But mostly fun. I'd probably have to bring my own g-free beer for afterward...GD I'm lame.
Apparently #MIXTAPE #1 is in stores a week early? Of course I'm the last to find this out - I'm only the
No no no... We could've only done that from the start. Now we've gotta fight to the bitter end.
I know there will be one upset this weekend, but what about those Bulls though?
#wheniwaslittle I usto go through my moms fingerhut catalog&circle everything I would buy if I had my own house. From plates-vacuum cleaners
Good Morning #SXSW! Come and get your wake up juice!
Love your new E.T. video!!!
Getting together with , , , Chris, Michelle, Abbud, and Daisy. Gonna be a crazy night!
Yael Cohen () now takes the #bigomaha stage. Been looking forward to this.
RIP Whitney. What a voice. You will never be forgotten.
you don't even know which one I'm talking about, brother.
Did Rondo tripping cause him to bump into the ref or did he bump into the ref on purpose?
Following and what's happening in #Marryland today
She will be so moved. LIfe flashes before our eyes on stage.
Ha! Hamels! Welcome to the Bigs, Rook!
Coors Field - it'll make a man out of you! Gordon probably felt like he was 175 or so after hitting that.
Grey in orange 12 got get cop if this non wearing Jordan's mufucker don't beat me to em
Show me how
well I'm gonna show these folks......lol
happy birthday!!! Free thursday?
Can't wait to see it! RT “: Fabulous!! Paley is an amazing artist when it comes to steel structures!”
no idea. Action during the race has died since they changed IMO
Hi WRASTeam! We sent you a copy of "Pluto" by Twintapes! Did you receive it? We'd love your feedback! www.twintapes.com Tks!
May 22 Show Out featuring will drop by & Don't forget to request on your local Radio stations! Lets go
saw the movie 'the hangover' last night.. hilarious... i highly recommend it!
Hits from #Nicole's bong c: <3
oh ok, what year were they on?
is amazing(: <3333
Hey Jasmine Can you my friend ?I love you you are beutilful :)
did u see the girl counting down to christmas?
All NBA First Team by , would have Dwight in the middle and Parker at PG though
Have a nice summer Philly!! You always have the eagles… o wait. #phillysucks : Not even enough Flyers fans left to boo.”
What .. ever will we do!
for sure
Can't believe we're 1 fan away from 1,000 on Reverbnation. Thanks for all the support everyone!
In the end, the draft won't matter at all...GB still winning the superbowl this year
so this is what it's like to go live till 9 every am!!
Late night at work. Tired. Closed my eyes for a bit in the cab and end up all the way by Coney Island?!! I'm about to make the news
Teachers in SDL reject contract - Lancaster Newspapers
get wit the movement
At a bar with line dancing. 's sister says it is a veritable "foot circus" up in this joint.
whats a a.n.t.farm quote
White guys with dreads should just take the extra step and put on clown makeup.
don't kill me but FB festival is a no-go for me. Already have plans for that weekend. :( Bummer!!
Outcome should be shared understanding and deeper knowledge of community.
a big THANKS to all my followers. HUG!!! Your presence is a special blessing ;)
“: Give up? When it comes to you, I'm never giving up, ever. I promise.” & sometimes this love will last forever in silence
Yeah, we don't have that anymore.... I miss that organ though.
what style of singing
Been a great weekend! My first book will be available on kindle shortly. Its still under review at the moment, but will put the link up soon
funny story, when i got the FB msg about the reunion Katie had misspelled 's last name. Srsly how hard is it to spell WHIPP?
lol i can't stand u dude wyd though
updating resume, portfolio and website
New song just gave me the chills. Wow.
So were gonna see another race, but for tebow???
I Got Money Schemes That Come To Me In My Dreams. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0>
thanks for the follow:)
Looks like other people have the same issue at processing step. No luck so far.
The past is behind us, love is in front and all around us.
these do not seem to be as effective today as they once were. We try to understand "What is to be Done?"
Most people just fake it to they make it...
I Kinda GIGGLED WHEN YOU SAID I GOT THE BLACK CAN WITH A GREEN M! :D
"thinking dreams might be about bright lights and feelin like you're known, but life is about who you want to see when you get home.'"
wah u mean
I hate timid ass drivers! Grow some balls and drive!!! Or stay home! UGH!!!
what's up??
Getting naked .... to take a shower :P
I'm so jealous of you..ugh
i think i have two buttholes now . . .
...and there goes my battery.
go vote for #MindlessBBB & jus forget about the jona brothers right know and go MINDLESS
At the Duquesne game! Let's go Dukes!
I got no life
nope but you sure could why you guys are not on from 3-6 I can't figure it out
Really?! Did not know that. The Sleeping Beauty story from Strange Pilgrims, or Memories of My Melancholy Whores?
Changed my name to . + I have new profile:P
this week will be the death of me.
umm yea - so JEALOUS! Why can't he come to the states!!?!?!
Happy Mother's Day to my Mom!!!!! And to all the moms out there!!!
Was that Italian Sausage from one of our shops? How was it?
yupp its that time of breakup moments. hbu
regarding a.m. smartphone app use: I need "in bed" setting so screen doesn't rotate
The top 3 Finalists from Pittsburgh will WIN SCHOLARSHIPS from Point Park University and more.
Lebron James needs to step his game up
Well I'm not a member there but I have 2 krogers within a mile of me. I just figured that was to advanced for them. Thanks!
Everyone should follow ! She follows back!
bruh coach worden can wait, or I will fix him up with a sub during lunch
hey, answer your phone!
#articles Articles Wealth Building Free Blogs PLR Private Label Rights Master Resell eBooks: Distribution Software: What Can It Accompl...
Intelen's disruptions in Big #smartgrid Data: how we use simultaneous "push/pull" point-to-point IPv6 torrent methods for stream data mining
it sucks that you have to find out this way :((( I love you bffsis.
Even in the most progressive of scenes, a dirty foot rears it's bedazzled head. Word to
I'm back! It's been about a month, but I finally escaped from that wretched Walmart. They thought I was a Furbie.
whose babaay shower? i dont think people want a stranger showing up to their shower.
thanks for sharing, Tariq. What's your take on Pinterest?
"You must stay drunk on writing so reality cannot destroy you." - Ray Bradbury. Oops! I only read the first 4 words! There was more?
that's it. Although she thought it was gin. Sounds better with rum.
#thingsthatremindmeofyou pandas of every emotional variety
Great to meet you man!
We will be closing at 6 tonight and closed all day tomorrow! Come see us now!
Just watched the trailer. I would've been ok without this sequel
Little Mexico!
Capriati into Hall of Fame Jennifer Capriati says being elected to the International Tennis Hall of Fame is a "dream come true".
My favorite fruit is Manqos <3.
Back up, before I chop your balls off bro
Come out tonight! The chicken enchilada in a flour tortilla with lettuce, tomato, onion, jalapeño, and of course the green sauce is rocking!
TICKETS ON SALE FOR CONCERT TO NYC!! FIRST 400 TO BUY GET A MEET AND GREET(:
at mile high happy hour, code sprint later?
Just Deleted ALL DM's I've been sent and had sent out, even before today.
you #fail at life. This movie seems like its going to be intense. I wish you would actually watch it.
"why drink and drive, when you can smoke and fly?"
Ur beauty is still impressing me, what do i say
Fly fishing lessons from Daddy... I need to get my fishing license now!!
If at first you don't succeed destroy all the evidence that you tried
that place is amazing! Get the Mac and Cheese with bacon... You will want to live in that bowl.
just practice!
b-b-b-but they helped me realize that my e mail list is my personal gold mine!
About that furnace. Good and bad news-good news, we will have heat/ac now! Bad news, if ya didn't see the show you won't. gotta protect art!
These blue pills look like skittles
Oh happy day! I hate it when technology doesn't cooperate.
Life is a game. Play to win
#joetacopinaplaylist Snoop Dogg, Murder was the case
I choose the likely man in preference to the rich man; I want a man without money rather than money without a man.
sunshine, rain, sunshine, rain, sunshine.... is this really LA or am I trapped in some kind of nightmare and actually still in London ?
Why should I be the one to talk to you first and ask you to hang out just to get rejected when you don't make an effort? Thats not fair
The library is closed today, Friday April 27th, due to water main work outside the branch
Members of watchdog groups like Sunlight Fd. and Public Citizen laugh at Newt's suggestion he wasn't a lobbyist
How can playtime led to innovation & technology? Rachel investigates at the Coyote Point Museum's Tinkering Exhibit, Sat (3/13/10) @ 5:30pm.
You HATE me...but LOVE the results!
Don't have your most recent issue. Will get it. Great design, adventurous publication.
I just heard that from Shenice. What happened? Thats sad to hear. When was the last time you seen her?
If James Jones's foul on Noah was a flagrant 2, those refs need to go back to man school.
IB may yet rise again, especially if Intel has anything to say about it...
whatup new follower like the name son. u just put me over ... almost
we've been waiting for half an hour in the cold after being kicked off the train.
"oh, Honey. I forgot a guest. Remember I told you about my ex, Phillip? He was great. Invite him & his bf and put them next to mom"
Educator Janusz Korczak and his 200 children were rounded up on this day in 1942 and made to march 3 miles to the deportation trains
wow really
i feel ya -__- RT“: i want someone who understands me ..”
school was a killer today....
Could see a watch box for ern. part of #NBC15 viewing area soon. SPC monitoring the area. More at 11 on-air and online.
midnight business meetings are surprisingly fun
Get out to tonight for the first night of our Wednesday division!
I turn 37 on friday & would die for a happy bday wish from you, pretty please? Also, ReInvention DVD plz.
No!!!! GTFOH with that shit!!! This was not my fuckin idea to come home for the week!! We ain't even do shit on mothers day, not even church
#TU203 "Human Capital too important to leave in the hands of HR"
#Fenway Brats live rock&roll party Saturday night at Who's On First #Boston! Facebook.com/FenwayBrats
That's odd, everytime I watch it I just keep visualizing her rear.
not here, #F_O_L_L_O_W_F_R_I_D_A_Y on
Josh Hamilton slip n slidin. u serious? did u not see what happened to mariano?
You are too funny, just exclude me why don't you!? Ohh, I forgot you already did!
Peace. We want to thank all of our kick ass fans & any haters too for helping to make all this shit happen. Thank you & Stay Drivn eternal.
I'm down for whatever
"Success is not a destination, it's a journey". -Zig Ziglar [Thanks Mr. Delahoya]
Lol I liev in Massachusetts. I feel honored that she turned my state into a swear
Thank you for the RTs! Have a very nice and fun weekend!
In honor and memory of our 22,993 fallen heroes for our State on Yom Hazicharon!! Am Yisrael Chai!!
oh my god! That is just horrible
Congratulations on the launch of your first novel! You should feel very proud of this accomplishment.
You just watched one of the best games ever!!! #WKUHilltoppers baby!!!!! #KentuckyPride!!! Now THAT is March Madness!!!!
thanks man, hope you're having a good time
I love that Buffy conveniently left out the "Angel + Sex With Buffy = Evil" thing.
RT - In the crib watching throwback Hard Knocks with The Jacksonville Jaguars. Just chillin
Today feels like the kind of day where I'll want to kill someone just for saying hi.... Twitter friends are the only exception
okay well now you know in advance..ttyl. my mom is on one...telling me I gotta go to sleep. -__-
#mobwives is such a joke.
ohh k yeah we need to!! Call me gf !
i love her and i hate to leave her lonely
Well.. I'm celebrating #ACBW in style.. 5 beer related events for me next week.
hey thanks for the follow! u should sing dance and play guitar to jaded! "like" us on facebook and get down!!
I have his first poster, <3 yeah I've been there since March 6, 2011. I miss those days when I could talk to him <3
when you erase a person from your contacts cuz you dont talk to them anymore && they randomly end up texting you<<
Congratulations to for his #win today at Quail Hollow! One of many more to come hopefully!!!
you got this!
Audubon society of western Pennsylvania beechwood farms nature reserve
Nadal shifts focus to Spanish clay after Monte Carlo Rafael Nadal prepared on Monday to move from one record setting week to the next as
yes it is. You really want to get into a cursing debate?
I think I'll have a beer.
Is there anyone worse than Taylor Swift live? Maybe not quite as bad as her Grammy performance
somehow resisting the urge for taquitos right now
pilates huh? get em girl.. i cant do it. i tried 1 pilates class and there were machines involved... It was all bad
Diving into the realm of 3D films!!! Gonna be awesome!!!
Just left my first go-see in Orlando. :)
Everyday try make someone smile. Start the day complimenting 3 strangers and 2 friends. It might help them make it through their day.
Anyways going to Cali tomorrow morning for some training! Can't wait! Sleepy time!
@ alexandria, geological enigma
I'm back ma be on tweet 24/7
At what stage of your company's growth, if ever, should you step aside as leader?
back to BBC's GEL, which was presented yesterday by Kutlu Çanlioglu
I love it! 3 stories of greatness!
me and katelyn are looking this weekend for them
S/O TO MY COUSIN FOLLOW HIM AND LADIES HE'S SINGLE(;
I am blessed with extraordinary friends.
I wanna meet her so badly!!!
Just got back from seing ''THE LUCKY ONE '' BEST MOVIE EVER Zack Efron is the shit:)!
I need someone to tutor me on how to use Twitter. No like seriously, I do. There is no reason why I can't catch on...i'm like wicked smahht.
Had a good workout this morning but have been wallowing around doing nothing all day since, dreading 1st day back to work tonight...
an employer mentioned your profile in our morning meeting. what impression ru sending to those looking to hire #syep #dc youth?
a teenage spell? you mean like attitude and defiance? ha ha .. of course it does! I can handle it :)
GO FROGS.
Oh my goodness. You are so funny.
what if i told you i can cook burgers?
Jumps in shower..invites u in with a Spank! RT : i SLURP'd already anything over that is YOUR cleanup!
It is so appropriate that the stadium is playing 867-5309 while Napoli comes up to bat against CJ Wilson.
lol yo u could prolly get a deal with the bars u spittin
So excited for unlimited salad and breadsticks at critique group today.
most ridiculous thing in Doyle blog = idea that major owner of a $billion business would stop paying attention for no reason.
Thank's to everyone who joined us for the TOAD Tips and Tricks Seminar in Baltimore. It was a great success!
I am on a journey to know God and love him more intimately, though I know that I fail, He never ever does...
Oh and my alarm is going off in three hours....
upright Is there a plan?
thank you thank you thank you!!
hey tony!
QoTD: "Be satisfied with nothing but your best." (Edward Rowland)
Colin Dunlap for the 2nd part. Wait, does he even count?
Why is it ALWAYS rappers that flake on interviews last minute leaving us totally fucked?!?!?! Arrrgggg!!!!
there still so much work to do.
So excited to be up right now.
Winter Man Camping ... gonna be a hell of a time. 15 at night, we'll need an epic bonfire!!
My life, no longer redeemable, has become an expired coupon.
Travis Ishikawa wears Rob Deer's number. Better bunter than Deer.
Tomorrow night, THUR 7/14, we have ZOOGMA! Opening the show are DJ's Juan Cosby and DJ Stump (of Skeetones). Ages 18+ / $10
im wearing shorts
Hey yall follow me on Twitter
#LeapYear freakout! Already hearing about watches who think it's March 1st
and I are hosting a show on WBNA channel 21 right now but I'm told the cameras wont start til midnight.
My dying work computer can't process tmz or timeline Facebook..what now?
I have never been so excited to go home and do nothing. Long week.
going to order in some Thai food and watch all the episodes of "The Killing" I've missed this season.
Our most popular #sandwiches are about to get even better. Look for thick sliced turkey later this week & tell us what you think!
If I ever saw someone abusing an animal I'd break both their arms
Please tell me you have footage of that you can release:P
I was commenting on your "get married" tweet. ;)
throw a towel over your head and stand over a steaming pot of boiling water
On this day in 1999, Nancy Mace became the first woman to graduate from Citadel, Military College of South Carolina.
why stop now? it's 2012 right, gotta get this music made before the aliens show up in December and take all our water.
Got the munchies:o
= Thanks for your acknowledgement... it's so true.
u could do He-man and She-ra?
I just finished a 2.57 mi run with a time of 29:14 with Nike+ GPS.
Best. Exclamation. Ever. RT Sweet mother of pickles! We're going to #ala12 cc:
and I are getting our Christmas shopping knocked out today! Can't believe Christmas is only 9 days away!
First snow of season?!
well I'm still on #catchingfire but right now I feel like Peeta's too much of a good guy...Gale seems more exciting!
AUSTIN IS KING <33
#CRAZY ASS PARTY
Not sick anymore <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Assuming the Pirates game doesn't run long, I'll also be playing at Rivers on Friday, so hopefully I'll be blogging even more at 3RP soon.
thing is, she has to line up the shot. colossus can stand in the middle of the screen and... you know.
of course! No prob (;
Hope you enjoy the read!
Ah replied to me. :D
If you are winning or losing, play your hardest, because it makes people respect you
I actually think there's massive, massive potential there. It's just about getting that connection.
Character consists of what you do on the third and fourth tries. -James A. Michener
Haven't heard thunder in a while
I am fine = I wish you know how I feel inside.
Think i'm going to head out, get a drink or two then come back...need something to get my creative juices flowing
Skylar showed a lot of class by not putting herself into the group she thought might be safe.
Just lost 500 of his 750 numbers on his phone!!! I NEED EVERYONE to message me there numbers A.S.A.P!
- Lloyd Dobbler got the girl and got on the plane. All is right in the world.
this dog bakery here in town.....it was cheap too
Game Time
lol. And if by "no problem" you mean, packed to the gills, then yes, no problem.
#ThirstyThursday , I'd say it was a success. #BacardiHasMyHeart <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
lmaoo probably up here for the year...visit home some time in the Fall
Girls who wear red lipstick >
I believe Drew took it over and changed it. I left in July.
": Tryna hit that New Edition concert in June... #LifeLongFan"<=yeah im most def hittin that too bro
I just jacked off on a Wendy's bag because I like prepubescent redheads and square meat patties!
A bunch of reserve team players were just called over the intercom at KCI to board their plane immediately to Chicago. Ha!!!!
In observance of #ChristmasDay, Meitrack's US office will be close from Dec 24th through Dec. 26th. Please contact HQ for any urgent issues.
RT : UNFOLLOWED -- cause shes a fake belieber who used justin/beliebers for 200k followers then became a quote…
What can we do everyday to offset the effects of the #gulfcoast oil spill?
I past San Antonio now its where you live! :-P
Sands famous wet t-shirt contest. Sorry kids, not uploading any pics.
Ha! Glad you like it, good sir. Hope all is well in your world.
Don't Ask, Don't Tell repeal finally going into effect today. At least something in this country is going right.
Ditto. RT : The Avengers movies is gonna be so ill tomorrow. I'm such a nerd and love summer comic movies
Ok, Detroit....are those snow flakes I see?! Stop it. Now. #only27morehours!
Happy Monday to all!
Tonight! Fremont Bicycle Clinic Fundraiser! Get your bikes cleaned and tuned for donations- plus stay for bands, prizes, and fun!
you are giving me AG vibes via your Avi/profile pic lol
never got a ticket from it ;P
Tomorrow will kick off James' closet getting organized , and will have tons of new merchandise!
Please support our band by downloading your favorite songs for 99 cents/song on the store icon, signing up as a fan and telling your...
You decide how you run your life.
Lopez: Put Ava down. Both daughters were behind her. <crying> "When I stood up all I saw was a car coming right at me."
LOVE that you guys love our shoes! Let's think of a cool collaboration! Let me know any ideas you have :)
F U Pal. Take your spam and shove it up your ass. You piece of shit lower on the food chain than a maggot.
- Sometime's iWonder if You'll Ever Come Back../:
We got it trending yayyy!!!! i knew we could all do it
What a career I have where a Google Image Search for 'cartoon clit' is legitimate work.
Movie time then golf!
Paola, do you view timbre as able to communicate specific things or add to the meaning of words in your vocal compositions?
But they ALL sound so good!
Offensive boards as opposed to defensive... usually bigs grab all of those
It must be nice to beat someone in a video game but sucks to know that they will whoop your ass in 1 on 1 in reality
I have moments when I tend to be a complete smartass to people.
Guinea Pig? That's hilarious... I would try that though. I'm open to culture...
yes we are Blastoff Netowrk (officially). How can we help you?
where's senior elite <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008D>
Opening packs of gum while driving is like ten times harder than texting and driving
Remember the tea kettle - it is always up to its neck in hot water, yet it still sings! ~Author Unknown
No worries What hacks us makes us stronger!
Does Dad need tools? We got 'em -- why buy new imports when we have good sturdy used ones -- keep it Portland and REUSE
Class of 2012- we the best #khaledvoice RT : I am a proud graduate of the University of Missouri. Class of 2012. Wow.
Posted up chillin stacking to the ceiling
They support artist
WHEN?? 103 the peoples station party at the artmore. yes
RT : #Youknowitsfinalsweekwhen there are no tables left in the library or candles left at the grotto.
yes, please.
my sense is actually more that many students don't really have a deep sense of syntax as being something flexible
Ok so I'm sitting here on my ass doing nothing what so ever while my best friend is getting a massage this is really jank :P
RT : thinks needs "hand holding". Pretty sure the Iraq War vet can get through #il08 on her own.
Thanks! I'm so slow but I know it'll only get better.
how bout you learn to STFU! :|
All these commercials are killing me. I miss London so badly! Hands down the best time of my life.
You're a mean one, Mr. Grinch
The majority of poor people aren't poor, do to others outsmarting them, they are poor, do to their own stupidity.
Except the gay boys who screwed me over.
Sounds good! Glad you like what you see/hear!
Lordie. Which charity is that for?
I guess I'll meet you one day... Instead of watching you talk shit in the Group...LOL
The twitter contest for 2 free conference passes is now closed. Thank you to everyone who entered and your kind words
FINAL FOUR. HELL YEAH
Jason Hanley of R&R Hall of Fame riffs on Milton Babbitt: who cares if you teach? (can public musicology be relevant to general audience?)
You can't buy happiness, but you can buy cupcakes... kinda the same thing.<U+FFFD>
Stop complaining about every little thing in your life. They're people out there with diseases/cancer, and they still manage to be happy.
I have the funniest scene from #theoffice involving Kelly Kapoor stuck in my head. Having moments of lol as I tweet.
Glad to hear that Obey is doing well.
Oh! Now I feel dum
pshhh im not her ! you wont do that lol
Indeed. Hate is the operative word here. Uglier it gets, the worse it will get. Unfortunately happening too often everywhere.
RT event with SOLD OUT! Wowza... we'll try to book another date in the coming months
oh yeah, duh. Stealing recipes from your bro?
It's a very dangerous and delicious landscape of bake shops here in NYC. I "try" to limit them to special occasions. :)
True...but why must it always be so hard to win. Don't get me wrong I will still have them winning it all in March!
Dito def moves to NYC soon so. Well have a ill city to touch base in.
I hope you have a safe and speedy recovery!
Just caught myself watching the original 90210 and playing Snood at the same time. Freaked myself out, had to walk away. Haha
Who wants to be a model and actor just linked up with the largest talent angent message me for dtails
Ugh...Hope you get to work soon! - R
there is so much amazing music at the moment
You are quite the traveler!
Haha me and Taylor stopped. I'm SO SAD): I AINT GOT TIME FA DIS(:
Y I'm n the house dancing no music or nothing
I will as soon as I can follow people because right now I can't until I get more followers.
I was hoping it would lick itself in mid-air.
Inbox me email ad, story is too long for twitter dm:)
Ms. Archer has to be one of the dumbest teachers i've ever met loll.
Dj Rosay in the building... Rise and shine the early bird gets the worm. I got to get it I'm on the grind yall
NYC comes with all the good and all the bad. Like Puerto Rico. Ill take it.
It took the maid two hours to clean room at the Burlington. Where's the show? Still one more leg I could snooze on...
Eating a slice with the girls :] #enjoying my day
damn sweetie! you tweet so much that if you were actually a bird, you'd be a parakeet lolol
life sucks when you're that great but don't always do great things...you sound like Jalen Rose right now.
geezus, I will stop complaining already : ((
Sadly I have to work at 4:30am tomorrow and it's already 11 so I'm sadly calling it a night. Enjoy your day, or night my dear followers. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
"Wild" definitely counts. The author's name is an added bonus for a travel memoir: Strayed.
My morning got MSIE'd. I'll add it to Microsoft's tab.
Eyewitnesses & fellow protesters describe incident as "violent ambush" by security forces, causing "severe injuries" to his face & body.
I before E except after C
it depends on what it is.
round 3 of finally trying to watch Uncle Boonmee. don't know why its so damn hard to dedicate time to finishing this, but i'm gonna do it!
. Thanks for the follow. Looking forward to visiting you soon!
omgoodness, fashion show saturday =)
your face just popped up in my twitter stream and it made me miss you so freakin much! will i see you before we depart?
Thanks for letting me know about the #Instagram fix. Hope you're having a wonderful Saturday.
Start with a dance to loosen the body, then visit a local shelter and give the animals some love, tell jokes on the way home!
KONY was so fake..
Hey mahomies, how you doing!!? (:
We need a new Dance Group of the Week! What group would like to be nominated next?
Got breaking dawn part 1!! So stoked :)
mint julep margaritas. Why hasn't someone thought of this?
This must happen!!!
[Dri] is still Catholic? Don't worry, she'll come out of it. She's in the union, it's time for her to wake up. -Papa dropping knowledge, ha.
Met a female dragon had a fire conversation
#FF for the latest in #Seattle cultural happenings and generally all things awesome: flavorpill.com/seattle
Great find!
WHY ISN'T #SAYSOMETHIN ON ITUNES YET!?
Adderall is being banned in America. Graduations will be less, fat people will be more, after hours clubs will close, jaws will stay still
Blue Dream going sell like crack.
my phone hates tellin me u responded. Supposed to take a train to boston for my flight. Currans convinced me to stay
To want to forget something is to think of it
i've got the coldest heart 'round these parts.
Uhm its my Christmas wish to meet you someday hopefully it will happen soon
#FactsOfTheDay a 6 lb. dog cannot make a 5 foot jump from the kitchen table to the desk.
I'm preparing for the first of two new solo piano sessions at Cookie Marenco's OTR Studios in May...
This In 'n Out was very disappointing. . .
dude im home and it sounds so bad
The article I wrote last Thursday on should Christian Businesses tithe has ranked #4 in Google for the keywords Christian business tithing
Now American Airlines don't let people take bags on that fill the overhead storage so others have to put their bag at their feet. #discount?
Guess I'm gonna call it a night, movie jst went off. Nitersz everyone..
Every day is a new beginning. Treat it that way. Stay away from what might have been, and look at what can be.
it is! And 100% vegetarian. Get in here ! ;)
MSFT std .net grid control takes 600,000 text items and needs 8GB to display then. Ouch!
I always get a kick out of seeing a ref to the Susquehanna Hat Company routine . . thanks.
Had a great bowl of Pho today - though the tripe was a bit chewy...
if you come to Redmond ever you will think it's Ireland, it's stupid how many gingers there are.
i am
I think it's hard to get noticed anywhere. Customers have so many choices!
Windows are open and people watching is at it's best. Milwaukee's best sidewalk patio is ready to serve you w DJ Justin on the decks
I have one now we are doing evaluations and then I have another evaluation at 3:30
We really appreciate you supporting independent music.
#TheActorsGuideToEverything will launch in less than two weeks!
please follow me please
A mother should be celebrated more than one day a year, they atleast gave 9 months per child.
October youth football scores announced - TCPalm
Start off your Saturday afternoon with a glass of wine and a panini!
Today is gunna be a good day I already know! :)
Damn right.
Good Morning TMD'ers..the Spurs and Gm 2, Amare doesnt love fire extinguishers, the rest of the NBA, Yu and a whole lot more
“: Excuse me miss but can I get you out your panties?”
#NCAAFinals i don't think we're in Kansas anymore
Once again Pres. Obama takes the wind out of the sails of Repugs by showing in Afgahanistan & giving inspiring speech to troops.
Hey #followfriday #FF lets start following
I couldn't agree more.
I'm the only person in my Italian class. Wtf
You know you're a Denverite when you step out into 41% humidity and go "it's kind of humid out today"
Won my match tonight!! :) #mydayismuchbetter :)
Yeah I will just didn't want to sleep this early :/
can I get a follow?(:
I don't understand how Super Mario can smash blocks with his head but dies when he touches a turtle.
": I'm waiting for those "free oscar" shirts :) Bytheway ya'll killed it tonight he'd be proud" <3<3
You better believe it!
Would love to hear more about it soon!
We have a great respect for legendary composer Johannes Sebastian Bach!
Wow video of Junior pulling Ryan Leaf out of meltdown is awesome. Old school BOLTS.
Lucy hale on abc family movie right now!!!! Can't waiittttt watching in 2 min
#ItsAllFunAndGamesTil I loose my lighter for the 100th time!
Format Factory...It's Free!
Now mixing on 's A Stage: The #SXSW-bound documentary on legendary punk band, !
Don't forget to save some foil for your hats! You never know who might be listening.....
UK,great season.heck with Dickie v...
This just makes me depressed. </3 :P Anyways, what's up?
i am to old to celebrate holloween, and if i do i want to be a grim
lol!! Thanks!! Happy Friday!!
Im backk, and by back i mean not hungover anymore
Should not be surprised at all by the multiple ads promoting colon health during these continuous re-runs of Frasier.
#incaseyoudidntknow I'm not watching American Idol ...I only watch the auditions BUT good luck to them tonight
Im sleepy yep bed time
Can you smell what the Mitt is cooking
Margarita's Mexican Food and oyster Bar has a neon "SUSHI" sign in the window.. :/
Got to spend some time with <U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
I adore and the #NextChapter. Some really good stuff!
Talk that talk I know I'm such a showoff.
thank u miss KPT. Kick cam in the knee for me for my bday
#ThingsIThinkAboutWhileTextingYou "she hates me I know she does" >.<
He gay
Woah, playoffs already. Well, good then. I'll be crossing my fingers & toes. Tangerine.
Ugh no
POST GAME #CLIPPERS Reggie Evans: "I guess a lot of people gonna miss church on Sunday to watch us play" (AMEN!! )
Still 2hrs left of the Paige Haas-Leukemia Benefit! great turnout! Brian Batch of Alpha Rev up next!!!
Nice little Dunking battle at todays Winter assembly...Joe Tuss won the battle!
Big winds and a barfing baby in Bear Valley. I pray to the storm gods to keep the power on.Don't want to melt snow on woodstove to clean up!
#yournotfromphilly when you say water, instead of wooter.
:) thanks! My dad welcomed me to adulthood and 12 months of financial obligations haha
Mistletoe video, I'm so jelly rite now tho
well, let's not get carried away...but, thank you :-)
I would be happy to. May I recommend #Rouge ? Let me know when you will be there!
pretty good!:)but still waiting for someone to notice me
(1) pay incld no stock options; (2) excitement in work; (3) work perks (beer & foosball); (4) opportunity for impact.
your beautiful just the way you are!
Walked into 10 clubs yesterday pushing DHP. Got called back by 2... Batting .200 but that's ok for a start.
Most of us are only six inches away from success; the distance between our ears.
hardcore bathroom problems! that sucks
OMG! when i went on the official channel for the ICONic Boyz on youtube they had a pic with vinny cropped out, Almost cried...
also curious who will be live tweeting. please let me know
mane i need a mac book pro
Im sorry! Ok im am sorry! :'(
can you plz mention to ppl to follow me, plz n thx!
This worksheet just said how does the president exercise his powers? And I answered "in the gym". This is how I do my government work.
Who else is really excited about the #MAPS Mastery event at the Harry Potter world at #kwfr ?
I hope yur wrong, cuz if yur right, we're basically screwed.
How do ya say there Lamb Chop? RT : what's up there bottle nose?!
its an honor to have you following us! Thank you!
Senioritis does not mix well with a philosophy paper on religion and morality.
Although, even we can appreciate a little extra Tim Riggins in our lives.
30 Rock was so awesome! rocks times 30.
you can learn much here- it is prom night and I have a junior so I'm hanging out/catching up/reading links after STL blues win!
#iWannaGiveAShoutoutTo everyone who is up
Spotted @ #AllPeoples: SD's #ToddGloria, Rep. #CongBobFilner, former Rep./Candidate Lori Saldana, & Caridad Sanchez for
Thanks 4 the amazing mac n cheese & burger ! A fav #Chicago #restaurant! (& an / spot is an added bonus!)
It's Sunday and you KNOW you want to come in for tattoos and piercings!
#Thatwinningmomentwhen my Mom fills up my gas tank
FREE concert tonight at 7:30. St. Paul's Church in Brookline. Program includes works by Brahms, Bartok, and Haydn. Bring a friend!
Better leave around 5, to be safe.
We werking.. It's that #Pop Hour" fuck some rap, #red-eye shift who up and werking? got records who need some
Remember Leach was forced out of his job at Texas Tech where he had established a foundation. UNM offers little foundation/money to attract
We came to get crunk, how bout you? Bottoms up, let's go round two.
Hate this light on buchtel tf
Fantasy Baseball Deep League Waiver Wire Pickups, Week 5 Batters
RT : When did I become such an awkward person..
": There are only two ways to fail: quitting and not trying."
ARGH! I #LoveToHate you on #Leverage!!! never admit it made my day...
Yesterday was the beginning of something new! He changed everything... no more ?s, no more doubt. #love kdc
haha im not kidding! That I looked forward too!
It be hot ass hell outside
#moolaboys RIP LOS HERO'S LIVE FOREVER
Practice. Living for these days.
u might b a redneck if u r searching for a mc Donald's n pass 100 other open restaurants while ur searching....
25 Ta Life jersey for a hundred bucks? Yeah, right.
Eating cereal and tost
Instead of taking pictures today, I am watching Yul Brynner in The Return of the Seven. I just love the
": "There are two men inside the artist, the poet and the craftsman. One is born a poet. One becomes a craftsman." Emile Zola"
Love seem to have readers in Turkey, Sweden and.....Gibraltar?
I really dont like this at all.
Congrats to the Cheese heads!
In the course of 53 years of living, I have endured being violently abused, ridiculed, cursed, threatened with violence and death...
ill :( follow me pls and i will be healthy soon i Hope :)
"Immortals" now playing Tues-Thurs at 6:30. If it helps, tickets are only $1!
Visionary? bit of a stretch there, Jeff. But thanks.
you'll be in my heart too <3
SMASH! Yes! IVY GO DOWN!!!!! She kills me.
I <3 working Saturdays....
Pirate's catcher doesn't seem to have much of an arm...
Looking forward to working with and RIchard Kind tomorrow on NIck's new comedy show.
Tomorrow is payday! Hell yea
Oh wow. That was totes the best week for everyone. Love motown & what it brings to the dance floor.
I heard it's so other station's bugs don't cover ours when they show the video.
All this chain smoking is great for my lungs...
hence what they end up producing can't achieve any #timeless quality
running on four hours of sleep in the last 24 hours.
Its February celebrate BLACK HISTORY MONTH!
I hope you will be able to... i'd love to meet you face to face. :)
Post Jimmy Kimmel Live! show Big Freedia at Bootleg Bar next Thursday! 9 pm! Come through LA peoples!
- At a conference now with folks asking this very question all over the country...
An anti-abortion group from St. Thomas Aquinas is now lobbying to be included in the 2012 Hampdenfest.
"To create more positive results in your life, replace "if only" with "next time".
Whew, the intern is gone for the day. Now I can start swearing again; ie, be myself.
nope Wat u like drinking
Court tomorrow.. /:
Here are you
construction began on a 49-unit development in the BX, the first time in years that public housing has been built on private NYC land
Riding the super shuttle comforts me to know that the pcusa isn't the only org that has some issues
I'm headed to the Bay Area next week & would love to meet w/reviewers & librarians interested sit-up-and-take-notice debut fiction. Msg me!
George Carlin~ Weather forecast for tonight dark.
you are famous
pandora always knows what you want to listen to.
Omg! I'm listening I some crazy guy Interview some dumb bitch about some production company Bahaha sounds like a load of bs to me...
RT : IJM's budget could operate 65 clinics like !
Nah, I don't like to go on alott.. && I don't got a phooneeee.
#10FactsAboutMe I'm trained in 5 different forms of martial arts.
Yes we are open on Mondays for all your hair care needs....
remind me
your phone just went out on nbatv
I'm really happy with it. Pretty simple & intuitive. Just that most of my clients use Windows so needed something for them.
aw tits you caught me. .____.
who saw on Ellen today?!?
That's great. Good luck to them!
What current members of this Pistons team would you keep long term? Shep's talking Hoops, 248.848.1130 - Chime In!
You know how important the addition of fresh fruits & veges are to your overall health & well-being! Expend energy & move move move!
Thanks for the shout out, Isaac! "Magically awesome" is an apt description. :)
You have to expect things of yourself before you can do them. ~Michael Jordan
Hi to our new followers, , and Thanks for tagging along!
RT : know I'm watching 2 much when i'm stuck behind a Prius & it's ALL I CAN DO not to bump it off the track.I mean road.
A man running from his problems is a race he'll never win. So, Man Up-- no one is coming to save you! It's ok 2 Ask 4/Seek help.
well other 25 $2 bills my parents found
- the world no matter how much progress we have made or make is full of scary stupidity. Shame...
Oh oh, trust issues.
assembly hall downtown! I forget where exactly. It's on April 20th hehe
HIPHOP NEEDED THIS ALBUM! REALEST ALBUM OF THE YEAR? ID SAY! FUCK THAT, REALEST ALBUM IN A WHILE!
buzzed before noon! Well played!
Heat will own sports talk radio for the next 24 hours. If Pacers win, Coach Spolestra is going to make a fine asst. coach for someone.
Why not open it for student suggestions @ what to graph?
Thanks to for some inspiration this morning. What he is doing with Prime Prep Academy is amazing.
Woke up before my alarm. Feel like an old man
Holiday shopping :) merry christmas eve <3
Enjoying David Hoose's gorgeous orchestration of Liszt Via Crucis in rehearsal. Cantata Singers on Sunday afternoon in Jordan Hall...
#saa11 Session 503 Holly Mengel talks of centralized training for team project student processors
Rookie Of The Year and Backseat Goodbye at the American Legion on December 10th contact us for tickets.
emacs+pdb+virtualenv is evidently beyond the state-of-the-art
check me out tomorrow night at the fabulous
Planning a New Year's party? Please note that we will be closing at our regular time that night - 10pm.
shut up
I hope I don't cry this time <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>
Lets see do I have a Troll doll somewhere for Bingo tonite???
T minus three hours to RGIII! Not that I'm counting or anything...
For people who ordered tickets online, you will be on a list for the show. Pick up your ticket and package there.
What matters is taking that bold step.....the rest is secondary.
We got some hella dope stuff coming for all you peeps!!
#Harkness, A Discovery of Witches. I was expecting Jonathan Strange & Mr. Norell and got Twilight, except with rare books. & a cliffhanger.
Tweeting during it will totally help!
Reaction should be Mazeltuf
hey cutie
RT USGS just reported a 6.0-magnitude earthquake off the Oregon coast (about 159 miles west of Coos Bay). No tsunami expected.
Late night at the gym
Out of curiosity, is the preview the same whether you are signed in to a Google account vs. not signed in?
Awesome! Bottleneck, by any chance? Regardless, I'll be there!
one love my nigg
I rarely watch golf. However, when mom is here we do. Tiger just left course.
Congrats to Greg D. from Chicago, IL in winning the VIP Upgrade sweepstakes! Thank you to all who entered!
So when we tweeted to add to the line up, it didn't change anything? Should we do it again?
nothing doing her usual
me too. in section 437.. I fell down over the seats from row 21 to row 19. My tears weren't from pain.
no I was just rt some of ur post I like there not about anyone lol
Math Class Is So #BORING!!! My Friends Are On A Field Trip Im With 1 Girl && Others Are Boys... :>l
Just beautiful! "You have a really sweet voice"
NW Book Club tomorrow @ 2:00 - We're doing Caleb’s Crossing by Geraldine Brooks. Next month: Dreams of Joy by Linda See. See you there!
I haven't talked to in awhilee. /:
sitting at aunt barbies with kane...bored. well please follow me and i'll return the favor.
RT : I totally finished the #24hr #Zine Challenge, but I am still at the to staff while these other dudes...
Listening to Iron and Wine... getting ready for the artist salon tonight.
Hey!! All New Live "SINGLE CHEF" show. Monday night at 6pm Pacific Time. www.theroomlive.com I'll be whipping up Chicken Teriyaki!
Calling all parents: today I had to buy a "cup" so my 5yr old can play T-ball. Seems young. Anyone else doing this?
“: *Beefs It Up*” Can I get some gravy with that beef?
Babel - great movie
Definately looking forward to good coverage of #MW2010 for us out-of-towners.
There's absolutely no reason for me to be up at this hour, but I've got a peppy mambo stuck in my head and can't go back to sleep.
#lindalavin is hilarious!
. seriously. it is bad ass.
FUUUCK. "Offer only available in-store". None of the close BB retail stores have it in stock. :/
Wondering what's really in the Senate Healthcare Bill. Senate leadership won't reveal details. They're hiding what?
I hear the faint sound of cha-ching n the background when I read this
#SafeSexWensday WITH MIKEY
#fridayreads Bobby vs. Girls by Lisa Yee. I met her yesterday at a conference. Awesome person and amazing writer.
Good Morning. Everybody! Don't forget to have something for breakfast!
Loving life to the fullest :)))
has given me the greatest exit line ever! "Bye bitches!" Luv it!
Getting into the holiday spirit here! Yummy new flavors coming soon-:)
This cat farts too much!
Fuck It, To Sleep I Go.
Mister got bread like quiznos
HAPPY HOLIDAYS. Gift of Health. FREE Medsonix Treatment. Until Jan 1, 2010. Friends join FaceBook or Twitter. Treats PAIN, MS, RA Migraines.
Females these days. Is it low self esteem ? lmao.
Heading out for Cinco de Drinko? Do us all a favor and book your ride home now!
Use twtvite to host tweet up.
Heading to Woodstock on Tuesday and then Chicago after Xmas. Soon! When are you visiting ;)
exactly! except now it is "research."
My only real complaint about Cap is that there really should have been two Cap movies set in WW2 before Avengers came out.
ok, well keep me posted :o)
with every intention on working on US for the rest of his life
Happy Birthday Dr. Seuss! "Today you are you, that's truer than true. There's no one alive that's youer than you"
Old glasses clinking and a new order’s blinking. And I, I should be floating but I’m weighted by thinking.
insulted me..Damn u and ur clever mindgames!
Good morning!! ^AP
just got some new furniture. took a while to set up.
Right back atcha!
Busted hand before break when supershort, aak5sscc jammed after i 3bet button open, q high dd flop, he had qqj7dddh - in for a re-entry
no it's fine, haha. my mom's like, "why would you like them, it's not like you're gonna end up with them." it's asdfghjkl.
PS I get to see you so soon!!!
I got codeine in my cup you can bet your ass I'm sippin'
um, the non-diabetes side.
Well known fact!
Good question!
This isn't the day I angsted over a paper and dealt w/ undergrad brattiness. This is the day and I took a pic with Julie D'Acci.
Why do they sell Pringles at Best Buy? Or is the real question why am I eating them for breakfast right now?
I will forward this to our executive director and we will be in touch! Thanks!!!
I JUST TWEETED...TO SAY..I LOVE U...(IN MY STEVIE WONDERFUL VOICE) ..and I mean it from the bottom of my heart!
leave them alone
"Terrorist attacks can shake the foundations of our biggest buildings, but they cannot touch the foundation of America." GWB
RT : HAPPY CHARTER DAY TO THE BRUHS AT
you're rude, i was asking you nicely, what's with the hate?
lol okay. Okay then, I see....
let's see female and shopping what a surprise lol
RT : spending 10% of marketing dollars on digital to engage/grow audience, build social audience, test/learn
...right umm thanks?
Kristen Stewart is a very awkward public speaker
What would happen if pigs went on strike? They'd form pigget lines.
I am literally waiting for the phone to ring. Such is the life of a PRgirl.
I want everyone to come amd support my team tomarrow.At Mason high school @ 5 pm on friday :)
cross pollination has begun! thank you social media networks of networking!
is super busy but surviving. thankful to have work and more lined up in the wings.
Is anyone out there?
Vegan? Vegetarian? There are plenty of options for you
I need to start using Facetime again <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Boy, what a really close 1A game huh???
Be proud. Represent.
The rain in Spain
but you love me ;)
oh, I'm not complaining
I need to know who this pick is. Come on already!!!
Sure it's not Paps & Blanton? MT : Looking forward 2 my 1st "How about they trade Youk & get Papelbon back?" email. Matter of time.
Not knowing any culture, politics, history or anything else that occured more than 5 years ago...
Oh coffee, you smell so good right now.
Watching the proceeds of the Greek austerity plan...so much violence
Yess!! I will be on Monday though! Can't wait to get the party started!!! #Vegas!!
ah... such a beautiful, rainy day :)
ineed a new twifey ! my old jawn dissed me. sup w. it ?
I wish I could attend! Will you eventually have this available on iTunes or your website?
hey nicky i seen you on tv and i like what u do. i was wondering if u teach tattooing i tattoo and want to learn more
I wonder if Kobe will "lose on purpose" tonight.
one does not simply "K" me.
Harper's A team in Syracuse is near the bottom of attendance rankings for Int'l League this season also.
Just because something good ends doesn't mean something better won't begin.
Can only wonder what "Hayekians" dally with...
FOOTBALL IS BACK!!
Tough call. I'd take Lasorda though in a close one
thank you So much for the donation! You're awesome!!
69 now. How do we get more???
We've got joining live this morning from the U.S. Bank Center, leading the Fight For Air Climb!
RT Did you watch yet? What did you think?
Lacking Nick Collins evident, but Morgan Burnett - 2 picks - knows where to be.
Only about $55,000 worth of member items are Assembly Dems. Or a total of 13 items
Kinda? Did Cuddles Do Something Bad? :P
so much Klout fool
Wait. Strike That. Set my alarm for 1:30 a.m. - Gotta watch Dre's comeback with Snoop @ Coachella. lol. Damn This East Coast Time Zone!
Hey your hot i know what for cuz u got those crazy little curlsEveryone else in the world everyone else but you! Harry you light up my world
I hate it when people use other peoples phones to tell me to fuck off...
never had a headache this bad in my life #inpain <<<
hey guys, start your games on saturday at a time you can broadcast them on tv or tell fox to shut up
Beyond excited to join the latest sexperts at #IASHS in #SF!
Chicken souffle empanada sounds real good right about now.
Touring WashIngton D.C. All day...2morow Home bound :-(
Umm… Jonathan Cude from McKinney… not so nice…
I taste pain and regret in your sweat
Good morning folks love u all and have a great day
only 28 days until graduation!!!
yay! Glad you made contact. See ya soon.
There's this female at my school lounge drinking Coke Zero cause she doesn't wanna get fat...
Roger Sterling on LSD. Best storyline ever.
omg wish we could!
So hot! Shake it baby!
haha that I would DEFINITELY believe
i say that..
I love my curly hair, sometimes..
and can help!
Thanks for the retweet.
"Bieber vs One Directon vs The Wanted"? okay, that's so fucking stupid. 1. Justin is a SOLO artist, the other 2 are bands.& I love 1D & JB(:
Can't believe I have that freakin fake baby again tomorrow. Fuck.
Merry Xmas to al me peeps and team
Micheal woods tonight ! Time to rage
Auditions, stuff on the list, Belated birthday lunch, meeting for our startup company, work out and back to the list. That's a plan.
Goin to get my herr did
At LAX...not a good time.
find me! So far so great!
Smart Pipe RT how the heck r you guys going to implement viewability for RTB
I now understand the pain when they discontinue your favorite lipstick :(
I just finished a 12.0 mi run with a pace of 8'45"/mi with Nike+ GPS.
It is very frustrating. I thought about trying it as well, but thought better not. BTW, you need many keywords for ur game
... the thing about Evangelical Christian voters is, they think God and the church can fix the economy. But, the gov must stop gay marriage.
I woke up today with an uncontrollable desire to break into the shoehorn industry. Really stuck on first step to take.
Let's do it all over again tonight. Ya know.
Questions annoy me.
I'm sure that you will find some to be alone with...
MT : Congrats to fellow #Vegas scribe on fellowship. Should make a social media whiz even more of a pro
Ok so I'm drinking and your not here! ! Hurry, Boots And Bikinis starts at 11! Come drink with me -
Yeah. Pretty much. I don't think caffeine goes bad.
Getting sleepy EARLY :(
I don't like Floyd, but I LOVED him repeatedly telling Cotto "You're fucking with the best" while staring down each other
My dad is gonna piss me off. Told my brother he needs to call my mom n say happy mothers day but i know my dad didnt. N didnt wish me hbd
you made it sound like you were a VIP for #wantful. haha #santa is not real, cool items on your list though...stay
New York bright lights big city gone to my baby;s head.......my baby "H" sweet of sweets love to lap him so sexy
The video for Santa's Littlest Elf has Autism is finished.
TONIGHT Morena Maulers, Timmy Nostalgic and the Waybacks, Seminal Pink Sex Panther $15
He fouled from behind but Ima hit them weights this summer
yeah I'm pretty sure....there were so many performers yesterday I can't remember names
Hungry & need coffee :/
my teenage cousin found and downloaded our music for free off his cell / made me feel old
and get ready for some crazy Nacogdoches hotness! And I'm not just talkin about the weather ;)
Soups of the day: Chicken pastina, tortillini brodo, Greek lemon chicken , split pea , chicken gumbo , ravoli florentine !!!!
Appreciate it!
it's hard dealing with all of that uncertainty on top of the suffering.
I want a boyfriend to cuddle with that will take me out and get along with my friends that I can have fun with, were are the cute ones at
“: I HAD DREAM I MET BLANCA AND MOS WANTED LMAO. ” and it shall happen bby
I'd like to apologize to M. Night Shyamalan for my previous comments about "The Last Airbender." It was only sort of unwatchable.
Ryan Braun MVP speech page 2- at those challenges and view them either as obstacles or as opportunities. I've chosen to view every challenge
Nope, I don't buy it. There is only one "f" in Follow...so why do they use two? Sorry...I can't accept this! :-)
saw u at the knick game tonight u looked gorguess as hell as always luv ya! Maybe one day u can't take me with u!?
The Big Duck Fan has 40 racks of ribs ready...
Who's from the bay area? :)
There are 24 usable hours in a day and I am making use of my Monday for sure!
Wooohooo in dallas watching the super bowl ......wheres the after parties at???!!!!
Just got checked in at the hospital for baby numero 3!!!
i said dont answer that question! and how do you know theyre flirting?
wel text me i sent u my number in DM
That seems to be what I see. They're exempt and there's no way to prove she's not being educated.
Olay was derived from the word lanolin: "a fatty substance, extracted from wool, used in ointments, cosmetics, etc."
What are you doing today to prepare yourself for what you want your tomorrow to be?
no girl, they're overachievers. don't you worry your pretty little ambitious heart :)
I know! I was like damn you.
stunning as always. Great floaty camera work on the film, and color saturation on the spreads. Thanks for sharing.
Good point RT: Sometimes NMNH's curators spend months in places where they don't have reliable access to tech.
flip flop no feet, handicap but eat meat... looking at u make me go awww naww lol
That's what Domb Ozzy was saying but he has to realize in America these days you really do not have freedom of speech, and have to retract.
Sittin down eating at ice castle my feet hurt. I really cant skate
"You never told me this was a synthesizer!!!"
At sams club waiting 4 tires to be put on. One guy working on 4 cars, not very efficient...
who needs valet? Park far, and get the exercise lol.
Can't wait for to nail it tonight!
And one can also say that caved on Rosenberg or do you not know the difference between a resignation and a firing?
And Number 1
Totally kicked ass today in the tournament today!
OMG plzz come 2 Aventura or Hallandale :) I really wanna c u :(
#TRX meets the beat... Had a great time at Body Blast this morning with trainer at #empower this morning... My booty hurts
": Matta fac im workin on a lovely piece on #INKed" post dat hoe i wanna see it,brodie
Fab artwork at SIAC today, Chicago Book Expo tomorrow!
Wzup everybody? Been off twitter on my $$ grind ...I probably missed a bunch of good stuff.
I just walked into a wall..-__- silly me... Haha
Very cool. Make it easy to give -- crazy idea. Send me a picture and details.
Yes, it also stirs dumb celebs who can afford iron gates & security guards to sick crazies onto regular people- invites vigilantes.
Had a blast yooo
I can never remember my sprint password. I reset it like once a week.
Holiness isn't a look! It's a lifestyle!
yes. Hell yes.
Off to the post office.
Melo said he gon live by the gun !
Working on lyrics for a country tune I'm cowriting with a buddy. Feel like I should burn some coffee or something to get the mood going...
Hey you! It's been a while kiddo! How's life in LA TV treating you? Love following your tweets..:) Invite me up! I'm there!
thank you so much! And same to you I just never got the chance to tell you!
i really need more followers, I am trying to use this twitter thing and i just dont get it, lol
Aww :(": Got dammit car started smoking..this can't be life"
Twitter is suggesting I follow Snookie because you do as well. #QualityReadingMaterial?
Remember!!! It's easy to point fingers...until it's your hand caught in the cookie jar...Cut the man some slack!!!
Whats with this trill shit all of a sudden?
HAPPY NEW YEAR!!! ENTER THE DRAGON!!
COME ON. THAT DOESN'T HAPPEN. And shut up, he only turned to see who we were. You would have too.
We are not only receivers - we are contributors!
i need europe. bad.
I refuse to settle for second best!
Gonna go see the #lorax with my nephew hes forever my movie dateand excuse to see kid movies
Don't mind me, I'm in love with the characters I create.
Recognize the signs: Child neglect is when a parent fails to provide adequate supervision, food, clothing, shelter for a child.
does Reed Johnson have a twitter?
Bitch you beneath me like ah coaster ! I done been in more bitches walls then a boy band poster :)
these 3rd shifts is kickin my ass
Tomorrow's FINALLY Friday.... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Association events are coming up in Chicago, Denver, Houston, Seattle and Atlanta. Please let me know if you'd like more info!
"Preservation is a good return on American investment"
5 more hours! :-D
Once a Belieber, always a Belieber. We Will Never Leave Kidrauhl <3
Trying real hard 2 stay positive. Lost my entire purse, probably while doing laundry. smh Sometimes it never fails, thank goodness 4 plastic
Sarcasm is just one more service I offer.
All the cool kids are taking the 3:05 train back to DC from Penn Station.
Let's play a game! Tweet yr favorite quotations from #pbc12 and we'll name the most popular (#RTs) quote the official 2012 NOTABLE QUOTABLE
look closely at that video from last night and u can see rondo hanging with Josh smith after the game!
If you could pick one word to describe us, what would it be?
Last #UTSA home game TOMORROW. Say it ain't so!
No I have not, I'll be able to get to them later tonight.
#coworking is quite different than the focus of your story, but I'm happy to share thoughts! - Susan AT officenomads DOT com.
NASCAR it up, Jerm. It's not like we bought a pig in a poke.
Cool workshop! Met Donna McKenna (Indy CD) and talent manager Jennifer Lederer! Both with awesome responses to all the actors' questions!
yeah but it needs to be like ugh.. Idkkkk lol
I would love to!
Dark day. I am twittering.
WOOT WOOT!!! We're waiting in Minneapolis! Can't wait til you are on VIKING Drive!!!
is working on carrying a line of #basics for women...we will keep you informed.
Glad to hear that dinner was apparently satisfying. I'll have to try that place for a special occasion sometime.
gotta make a new page new email!
Headed to Texas tonight, pardners!
I think you made an epic fail following me you silly ignorant feline
You can't look manly while standing on your tippy toes.
Our conte center is now on twitter! Lots of great #mental #health updates to come! /cc
Follow me, I'll follow back ^-^
Cool stuff going on in edge lab. Http://edgelab.ge.com
Valentino Celebrate Launch Of First Ever Virtual Museum World renowned fashion house, Valentino, have dived into the Virtual world by lau
you've spent top much time on the copy edit desk
Ok here are more think out of the box kind of ideas for new co-host. #PeterDeluise #Harold or #Kumar and Harry Connick Jr.
"I am in love with a boy, manufactured to destroy" #NP Lady in Spain
You will play by way of a game, discover any bugs or glitches, after which submit stories on any points that you came across
Best German food in Milwaukee! Have fun, y'all.
u bull shittin?!?!
Our telly is so random but so awesome lmao
had a power nap during my writing. got an idea about the data in my dream, lol
What's a God to a non-believer?
New rule: don't say lol
No Compromise wit Q&A wit Pastor Vines was dope!
Reaction to the #Wings being in a 2-0 hole to the
stop releasing your cars so early! It runs the suprise of it when they actually hit the market
that grand slam was ugly! :(
It is not he who reviles or strikes you who insults you, but your opinion that these things are insulting. Epictetus
kozelek is crazy good.
I feel like #acting gets more & more infused into my vains!! Love it!!
if i adopted a road i would name it after eather bieber rd or bieber ave now that would be a LEGIT ROAD fersure!! :D
ESPN reports Washington Wizards fire head coach Flip Saunders
In prep school, Romney tricked a visually impaired teacher into walking into a door. Mitt will be a GREAT salesman for #GOP economic policy!
come find me when you are done over there like last year?I promise I won't just put vodka on the porch and then go to bed!
a bit? I should say so! Lol good evening
Thank you gorgeous!
SATURDAY!!: *GROOVE master class w/ Pat Cruz of & | 7p reg | class starts 730p | | $12 -- flyer coming!
Thanks to Cedar Square's monthly trivia contest, I'll be able to feed myself for the next week and a half
me what's up?*?
Distilleries bring all sorts of flare to events. Breweries just bring a fuckin' keg. I like the beer dudes approach.
now if they didn't spend countless $$$ on print advertising (to promote themselves) maybe service would improve or fares decline.
I never noticed that cooked carrots are kinda gross.
I miss you too :( We used to be such good friends, now we never talk
#Orioles loss to #Yankees drops them into a tie for first in AL East.
Oh. crap. Reese.
We all empathize. Most common NW connectivity performance complaint: Why is my Internet slow? shares survey findings.
Through our world famous 90210 gateway we're building the largest distribution channel for #Mobile #Media content in the global marketplace.
that too
follow you, you have to have their name in your twitter. Well at least that's how it is with Thomas and Connor
More like embarassing...its an early Easter Egg in the online version of the story...gotta find it
organizational culture question. Is it possible to build a great biz culture if leaders are not living organizational values?
sometimes lifes rough patches really do groom you for a better tomorrow..take the best of each situation and move forward #life ;)
Life goal: a follow from
Damn can't wait to go to Cali! Sick of Ohio already haah.
I'mma go talk on the phone. c: BYE.
do you really have a unicorn? if so, pics plz.
Wish it came with a T-shirt though, cause has a cool logo.
Fake people <
Everyone has his day, and some days last longer than others. Winston Churchill, quoted in the London Express
Whoa, for real? What is the heading?
Whoa!! I heard there's a new trick where if you retweet a user's last 10 tweets they send you their nudes!!!
yes me and Maddie want to chill with your parents...
7 "If you do well, will you not be divinely authorized?
via "All cruel people describe themselves as paragons of frankness." -Tennessee Williams. Think about how you message to others!
Noticed a store advertising end of season sale. I guess they don't realize global warning has extended summer to practically Halloween.
Athletes cheat all the time...but few rape.
Just a few hours left to get your #taxes done. Me, been there done that.
how many threes for the bad guys
Hello Art Mann
Happy mothers day to all the teen moms out there
#sadness. k.
I miss u and we have to chill <3
Here's hoping! Ha! You'll be up there with me, tho!
Adele crushing it
Fuck any Boxing or MMA fights this weekend? If not this weekend gonna suck )-:
winning that conference should have landed them in this weekend's Division II playoffs. League is poster child for D-I bloat.
In Jagan's illegal assets case.
I've already got him at #5 on the SKC bloggers list. Me being the top 4 of course.
Would somebody like to bring me donuts or 2 breakfast tacos? Thanks in advance!
I thought that would #shockfactor lol
That is an awesome idea!!
(curtsy) And yes, men cheating on their wives at the same subtle rate of blow consumption in Scarface is getting old.
#DearTeacher please dont ask me to be quiet..maybe u should be quiet
To all my followers and to those whom I just followed, follow me
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait! Ya'll got yall panties in a bunch over some 30 sec snippets??? Well, I be damned...
We're all friends on twitter here lol
I'll accept the challenge. Sounds like fun.
Remember, it is up to us as students to make this year’s Mifflin a safe event, you can still have fun and be safe!
#FF just an all around good character & friend - we love her & her social media marketing advice!
Well, didn't win the powerball. But no one else did either! Just means I buy another ticket & await my turn to buy my station.
Happy Mothers Day :)
Le raining. <3
What's in YOUR cup on this rainy day?
yeah, and he hired her. makes perfect sense.
Tough loss. Suns need to improve.
Fredrick will ask for a restraining order
Mims has problems
A great campus visit today with a DFW big man! He is a super nice kid with a bright future on & off the court.
Yeah, I know, that would be wonderful lol. I should be around Wednesday, why do you ask? lol :)
any other 16 year old`s wanna cuss me out tonight lol
: My niece Steffie Ferrer is coming to the pre-game Sun. Pls say hello to her. She's your biggest fan. Really.
RT #hipstercouples Are allowed to say all the sideways racist shit they want because everyone KNOWS they're not racist.
So what's your point ? Anti-Martelly thugs got beat by Martelly thugs ? so what ? u think those students were peaceful??? smh
: Somehow it's nicer, because it seems less artificial. It's the real deal. :-)
The website seems to be down! Any news on that?!
have a GREAT Birthday #6!
the most important thing is to be ready to face the things you will see when you're dead, isn't is my dear Mature
RT : No hitter for Roy Halladay!! What a way to start the MLB playoffs! holy crap, that was awesome!!
Q3e :) People are so busy, they don't have time to troll all the info out there! Let them rely on your brand! #Social PR
forreal they have sex on the playground & everything. And this your hood
happy bday big bro, long time no see!
ARE YOU EXCITED FOR YOUR PERFORMANCE OF #BOYFRIEND ON TONIGHT?!?!?!?:) 47
when you give up on someone, it’s not because you don’t care anymore. it’s because you realize they don’t.
reminder that feet and kpop are esports related
Wow Joey Votto. Decent game today.
I'm just gonna get mine lol
Oog! Good book!
Good Re
Welcome aboard to our newest Co-owner ! We'll DM u your Account details.
I'm not a 'Business-Man'! I'm a Business... man! Let me handle my business, damn!" ~ Jay-Z
if I buy tickets again! Haha
I don't know who this productive woman is in my body, but I'd like to keep her.
Browns fans that don't like all white unis need to look at 86. They wore all white at home
I got one.
and Pumas did not go through la liguilla..this weekend has been so depressing
why wernt you in any of your classes today?
Noway! What would be the point? There wouldn't be anyone left to impress!
you can be a junior with sophmore credits. Your like in the middle.
I am dying of pollen. So the trees get their revenge after all.
“: Today's a good day. I just found an unused razor cartridge in my bathroom.” Simple pleasures of bearded men!
We may shine we may shatter and may be picking up the pieces here on after.
Hmm yes...I guess that is how a hippo would deal with an unspoken treadmill rule...indeed!
I have no life.
Planning this Road trip to Cali this summer w/
Amy-"I can like see parts of my life in my head" Devyn-"they're called memories..."
I act so ungrateful to my momma and she go through hell and high water for/with me. S/O to my OG! I love her I swear <3
E-mail, for example: less than 1% is legitimate, the rest is spam and cyberattacks. Your ISP cuts most of it off at the pass.
cant believe i just scared a girl...didnt want to tho lol:D
Don't Kanye West me, otherwise I'll Chirs Brown youband Tiger Woods your mom.
What's Mindy watching?
sure :) your followed
Great Pump class Chapel Thrill!
Sorry for your struggles; your tweets are most entertaining this evening. Tagged something #hatesprinters last week; can relate.
Tomorrow is Mothers' Day! Will you be celebrating with your mom and family tomorrow?
Nice. Not too far out, and for a good cause. #chuckloses #fundraiser for
We R a brand new computer service that currently deals w/NY & South Florida customers. Can we trade ads on eachothers media?
RT DOES MS. HUTCHINSON STILL WORK THERE??!! • lol yeaa, her ass still work here
You don't have our edibles yet Patients want them
When people don't remember things that they said to you...so are you gonna forget all those promises you made to me too?
kakao talk ma'am
not true! Haha
Good luck to El Cajon's own who is racing at Pocono currently underway.
Wonder if the new movie new years eve is good has anyone seen it?
Thanks for the shoutout!
Glad all snows starting to melt! Bring on #Spring!
I'd just roll with it lol!!!
what it do good brother....... just pushing this book bro bro
Ironically, I secretly adore all of YouTube *except* for cat videos and Glee videos.
As he's a gooner i show respect. Also have time for CNN, Head office is near me in ATL
I'll add #alumchat and now - great suggestions! (you're talking to an #admissions / enrollment guy) :)
"Dried grapes! am i right? whos with me?" oh college, a time for learning
“It has a mind of its own. Thx! : Bryan! Your hair has gotten MASSIVE! <3 it. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>”
Yes! The Artist! Perfect!
I know. But it shouldn't be. Eliminate 1,2 and go straight to three.
not much just rented a bunch of movies about to relax for the night :).
Haha people these days are dumb.
true that man :)
Tasting the rainbow right now. It's raining.. My plans are fucked.
We are getting so excited about next hope month. Do you want to go camping with us?
On my level watup twitter world
drummond, king of etiquette, says it's a pho-pahh
So sad!
There's a 98% chance I'll be back tomorrow:) <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
First Coaches Edge webinar is in the books. We have to smooth out some wrinkles, but it's a good first step in the right direction.
talk w/Chris Plante #PreserveMarriageWA talk abt #N.Carolina ban of #SameSexMarriage statement
nice save!
Great presentation ! Thanks for inviting us.
You look like a bitch, so i dont like you and dont wanna talk to you, ever.
Damien looks eeeeevvvvil with those dark eyes in black and white.
I was just in a conversation that included the phrase “essentializing Hegelian dialectic.” I <U+2665> working in a university.
definitely my favorite by him.
Remember when Feingold said unions supporting Falk with PAC money was bad? His PAC money is much more kosher.
IM "Special" okay! U know that so don't judge
I <3 daylight savings time. That is all.
Million $ idea of the day: Someone should breed dogs that look like they have mustaches/beards and sell them to hipsters.
I need some photo work done man...
I can't stand the whole "plan the pre-game" crap. Give me a break. Give me a hot dog and a beer at the park tail-gaiting is lame.
Thanks for the RT
call me today to discuss your audio needs!
Cardinals have Gallardo figured out
... then finished the night by delivering 40 yards of native mulch In Spring Valley! What can we do for you??
i think that song came out like 3 years ago. LOL... they did a good job w/ that soundtrack
When were with each other something always goes down .
Texting people first <<<
What are you going to be checking out at #LegalTech #LTNY?
Remember all of our locations are closed today for Easter, but we'll be here bright and early tomorrow morning. Enjoy the holiday!
fake emcees, bboys, graff artists and dj's. yer a disgrace pretending to know the elements.
Happy Holidays sports fans!!!! Have a great day!!
I feel high.... But I'm not.
Seriously, so good.
that's the best advice ever I agree completely
Thanks for helping with petitions Bob! Every GOP and Conservative Party signature is gold to our campaign.
People need to stop trying to rush time.
THAT'S MEAN! He had surgery. He can sleep if he wants to. Don't bother him or I'll kill you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
- not bad for #Toshiba tablet - #Asus transformer would be nicer
And here we go #LFC vs #CFC it crunch time
I just saw a girl in a smart car texting and driving. Not so smart now, huh?
No rating from this me. I would only say state GOP saw need to handle this in private meeting, which seems a rarity
finally got on twitter TYB 4 the pic, post &the bday wishes from ur friends, sorry I don't have an iphone I can't play along,d'oh!
Head over to Mcmenamins Mission Theatre today 11-5 for the crafty underdog! Shopping,food,beer,music...lots of crafty finds
oh really is that so!
To all of the moms out there...Have it your way today. Happy Mother's Day!
yum! is right across the street, and you are making hard to resist.
Baseball game Friday . Then two games Saturday . Then going to Ashlyn's about to party it up . (;
PLEASE make it happen quickly! Sorting the recyclables separately has taken over our pantry & moved into the kitchen too!
lol well good morning to you too sir
tell ya mom I said text me
Next year is #YearOfChase!
Thinking about the home opener for sporting in june
Leaving Aspen. 2nd stop on You Are A Gift to the World tour-Boulder B&N on Pearl St today 4:30-6 w/ the fab
#20ThingsAboutMe even if I say I don't like someone, it's usually just temporary. I get along with like everyone.
A great tip to help lymphatic drainage: sip on plain hot water throughout the day. Do this for a couple of weeks to help your body cleanse!
How are you liking seeing someone finally driving the ball into the paint a la Lin?
Sorry I'm in love with elle varner. Yea bitch...to the left
Tonight, I'll be on the roof.
added a few new "videos" to the site www.sinzibukwud.com start planning now to come see us at Johnny's Irish pub Oct 16
please follow me<U+2661><U+2661> I'm fucking in love with you, just notice me, please :'( 98
RT - If the Jacksonville Jaguars are known as the 'Jags' & the Tampa Bay Buccaneers as the 'Bucs,' what does that make th...
You can't blame this game on me.
i need to organize my life
Just got back from the river w/ ! :D
I've seen things like that before (ESPNZone), but this was odd. Like they added new tech just because they could.
don't tell me! I gotta see it!
are you having a good night?
#ThatAwkwardMoment when people think is part of Daft Punk........
Sorry for your loss, didn't think the Rams had it in them.
You say you like me but then you go to some other girl.. I want to say #dontevencare but in reality I'm saying #OneThing ...
#letsbringback real singers and get rid of auto tune
I love it when my boys check in with me before I even have to ask because they don't want me to worry, since they know I will
Homemade meatballs? Man, I wish ya'll lived down the street from us. Whaddya say? Chitown or bust?
Thank you for the invitation!
It's a lazy Tuesday. Kinda feeling like a loser, what with my weekend being everyone else's Monday and Tuesday
Don't Miss ESBN MONDAY NIGHTS @ ALLURE 2224 Elm st.!Hot New Club Downtown.HUGE Every MONDAY!Industry Mtg 8-10 & Party After 10-2am!! RT RT.
Bummed that I'm missing out on all the Thundering Up with my peeps back home...
glad u found them!
One of life's great mysteries...RT : Why do #Jazz musicians stand in line at the bank...? No one knows.
Phillies v Braves game starts at 12:10. Guess i wont be paying attention in 6th period
Poised Creation has enjoyed its research into the entertainment industry!
you can buy one off our site or I can get one to you! I'll get one to you it's easier
you got this, girl
I cant wait till is back in Cali! :-)
Its hard to be happy when everything is against it.
Coworkers walking up and down the hall with buckets and towels... do I want to know?
pound yo ass!!
"Hilarious! : You attract what you are. << No wonder all my friends are beautiful! ^_^"
fin was supposed to be fun. I don't think fin is an adjective
JORDAN: 6 Guess that's why everybody loves him...more than Kobe
Instagram sold ... for a billion dollars. One Billion. Billion with a B. #Billion. f*ck. That's like the least casual thing I've ever heard.
I love when Eminem say: "One More Time ..." Is so SEXY !
i love when our neighbors have their fireplace going. seriously. best. smell. ever.
How many days till pitchers and catchers report?
If you actually pay for a soda cup at chipotle you ain't bout that lyfe
The chances you know you'll never have again always give you the biggest headaches.
Mgmt was surprising awesome 2night! Lowered my expectations after snl...wasn't dissapointed by their show though!
I'd love to know who that hot guy in the bar was last night.
Awesome Keith!
I don't understand the sheer volume of conferences & meetups. Doesn't anyone have any work to do? Or a family? Or maybe I just don't get it.
whoa, that could be dangerous late night!
lol why didn't you do this yesterday?????
we're a silly bunch of people. grown people on an easter egg hunt! how crazy is that!! haha
Just seen a car full of dudes pull up to another lady in her car and ask for a cigarette...and she gave it to them
Love that we did pretzel in bar class tonight for #NationalPretzelDay!
Need better screen capture software for usability testing. Camtasia vs. Captivate: recommendations?
The country of Honduras has its own laws and statues that deal with immigration and deportation situations
Watching Wristcutters: A Love Story. Let hope its god.
Ronny Turiaf goes Heart to Heart
Yoga with and
Nice to see Jones back in the action...just one more weapon..
Maybe because I always drop my iPhone, but it has to be the worst auto-correcting iPhone in the history of iPhones <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00B1>
Can't wait to see prev UpLate guest perform her new jam as well! Come see us tmrw if you're in attndce
& The Assist man once again gets another Triple-Double!
Off to work ... grind time
thank's for the follow ;)
Am I the only one that still wears boxers I had in 8th grade?
man i sleep good last night i did not wanna wake up
If you work it, you'll get (Self-Realization). If you don't get it in this life the Upanishads say it is 'mahati vinashti', a great loss.
i was out by around midnight. why are you working so hard?! there can't be THAT much news in Mansfield! :)
Up early again :(
That is true. Thanks for being honest ;)
so could I. And there soup to is good.
we r going to have fun tomorrow promise
I'm told that when it comes to making business deals in aggressive corporations, the rock climbing wall is preferred over the golf course.
Basketball must come on every night since #somf talk about it "every night" .
RIP Stacks and Where Else, That leaves #Purdue with 2 campus bars for 35k people. Hmm looks like I won't be attending homecoming this year.
why did that bitch try to give us a health class lesson
attack your dreams and be great #TGIF let's go!
In an editorial that goes up on our website tonight, we'll suggest Barrett, Flynn, Chisholm do more to cure the disease infecting MPD.
I think I'm going to change the adage, time flies when you're having fun, to time flies when you're gettin old.
I hate how none of my friends like my relationship with my boyfriend. No one is ever happy with my decisions...
Thanks for the MT/RT this week!
Just did a sneak preview of our show for the Seniors at the YMCA. So much fun and great to have a responsive audience before we open.
If You Want Things Done, You Gotta Do Things Yourself!
Hittin the open road on my bike this morning!
Happy mothers day to all the wonderful moms out there :)
Things unraveling rather quickly for the #Brewers...quick do something!
Figured I'd throw a tweet your way too just to cover my bases... no puns intended. Check your facebook messages! Thanks!
Nice to see the Crew lock down Gallardo.
#Andre #Iguodala returns for
Planning a trip to see in Oklahoma since I missed them in Dallas
#AFT in 6.75 hours. Who is going to be there with us tonight?
One of the "locals" offered to help us plant a tree. We Got This. But thank you. :)
Follow us !
Those look very good!
Waiting for tonight's episode of "Downton Abbey."
Easy peasy here.
Are guys gonna play at the underground again sometime?
you guys playing poker tomorrow?
Hey! and How about a reporter run down to this MKE precinct and find out just exactly what is the hold up! FRAUD??
thnx man...I would love to be part of it, fingers crossed!
You shall love the Lord your God with all your heart and with all your soul and with all your mind. This is the great & first...
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA lol i fucking love chinatown. sad thing is...he really thought it was "Don" lolz
i keep wanting to acknowledge that i like a tweet, but without wanting to retweet it. sigh ...
anyway I'm done, u guys tweeted at me, so u started it
i can't believe we actually won tri-county.
Knew she was signing but didn't realize she was in Frisco!
k bye guys
conducting an open media coaching session on 10/15 in Portland. Email for cost & details.
why am i so happy right now?haha:)
My two little cousins are quoting my comedy videos! I feel so cool!
When you are ready love will appear!
you guys have swag, so can you follow back??
Haters make me famous.
How is it that my new iPad stays at 90%+ charge for 2 days but my iPhone dies every day?
So cute they asked me if I was his sister cousin aunt wife girlfriend
aww! So glad you two connected :)
Just finished the Charmed series absolutely awesome!!!!
My nephew just said "uncle, why are you playing a restaurant song?" He is 5 years old...
that means a lot :) it's nice to meet you!!
taking your bra off is the best feeling.
SCREAMTOURNYC IS ABOUT 2 GO DOWN!!!
Do you think that's why the Patriots' offense falls off when it's time for playoff football.
Thanks! You prefer that because it's easier to understand than something like 65/834? Or another reason?
Just found a spider in my bed.. Then lost it.. Guess I'm sleeping on the couch for a week.. #BiggestFear = spiders.. Or just bugs in general
testing. testing...
can I join you for the rest, you can keep the salad...lol
ik memphis might go finals
You mean Jesse and the Rippers? Yeah, they rocked.
Whoops. RT matching! or you look like a boater RT : A3: AND, every man should have a perfectly tailored suit
what drama ?
Don't give in to beer-pressure
Win Avengers Movie Screening Passes right now on Kiss 97.3 (Must know all 7 songs on the countdown)
Why do we always hate on the people who are doing good in life instead of celebrating with them?
#iug2012 is a users group meeting for libraries that use Innovative Interfaces for their OLD.
ATTN PROMOTERS/INVESTERS AKA UNCLE SWIZZLE NOW WORKS FOR A MAJOR BOOKING AGENCY. based IN LA ATTN: PROMOTERS, SERIOUS INVESTERS…
I was to, my class went out to the football field and I knew like none of them
for all of you iPhone, iPad, iTunes heads - beware of phony emails claiming to be from Apple asking you to update your credit card info.
Make sure to tweet about us at tomorrow! Use the hastag #SportsExposDen and connect with fellow sportsmen!
Anyone else poopooing the day of rest and doing something active?
Is that your ex?" "No, that's the biggest mistake of my life."
I Like DJin good music and kickin it with my love and all my friends and hanging out with my pup and of course i love cars
Dear Toy Story 3, you better be good! This is my childhood you're toying with.
The festival sounds like fun. I'd love more details to write it up. DM me if you have time.
I'M FREAKING OUT!!!!!! best movie I've seen in ages!
Before that I had all of the Von Erichs. Think they were free from Pizza Hut?
Hey - give a smile to that person in the mirror!
well I will await then!
N. Maw Music of Memory ...22 yrs since i did premiere finally teaching it TWICE at NEC this yr Bravo to Colin and Robert B for taking it on!
we're not friends anymore.
I love She is so classy.
Love this. RT : Just trying to help people understand that we're not perfect. “: love how retweets criticism
Get to for at now! Shows at 7p NO COVER!
Thank you!
My mama askd me today how come I wasn't Prom King in high school I said cuh I was a LAME! Lol
Programming new color schemes for the LED lights in the dome ceiling! Exciting stuff!
i was thinking about that!! i was just so amazed we were meeting ariana
In 30 minutes will be 18. Time flies doesnt it? Love you Justin!
I could not have said it better. Acquisition may be good for the founders, but will be it be good for the users? Doubt it.
And my God will meet all your NEEDS according to the riches of his glory in Christ Jesus.- Philippians 4:19 ~ U NEED JESUS
Soon i will have my gym pass and be in there this late!
you had me at anticross.
End of year giving. Consider , , , , Good Shepherd Housing & Family Services,
"For the Spirit God gave us does not make us timid, but gives us power, love and self-discipline." 2 Timothy 1
There is legit a show called dinosaur train... fuck free tv
What's going on?
go ape on
can you manage to snap a pic?!
one time I got called out for "outward cheering for a player" because I said "look at ____ go". I just get excited about baseball!
Too bad it's not winter. You sure would heat the place up..
I said he *should* get suspended for 10 days. Still applies. And you are a sycophant. (Go look it up.)
Off to London now so wont be on until Tuesday! "/ See you all then and love u all!! <3 #muchlove to all my followers!! =D
second half no score yet.
Shout out to for going hard at the #greygoose event tonight.
Baritone sax is the most uneven sounding instrument when close miked. occasional lows, evaporating highs...
Awesome work, Danny! RT : 50mg of StormBeGone and it disappeared! No snow today.
yeah it's been a good minute. Last time I was there was for my birthday last month. Did some bday shots :-)
thank you :)
That is AWESOME!
The hubby is introducing me to the "quiet storm." the slow jam is on.
With your avi theres no need for more tbt RT : y'all act like there's never gonna be a throwback thursday again just chill
#mygraduationspeech F*ck you, F*ck you, You're cool, F*ck You, Im out , DEUCES!
Omg our waiter is a babe;)
wen grab mt butt
DiMasi attorney Cintolo to question gov. Patrick for "no more than a half hour.
send it to my email and ill check it out and let you knw!! In box me
very cool, appreciate it! good luck with the radio show, and we'll certainly talk more as the Fanfest in June nears!
Don't forget that we've got 's Norwegian Blue on draft!
The difference between fiction and reality is that fiction has to make sense. - Tom Clancy
Under Armour is quickly adding to it's football side of the biz...Julio Jones and Cam Newton- Two future stars
WOO HOO! Finally at LOVE this place!
that bag is a must have I put it on my wishlist! lol =)
Yeah what's that guy's story?
Ahh look at this, call waiting...well you just tell the mayor he just lost 6 votes!
Your Dreams Are Coming True & im standing right behind You & Cinda 100%.. I Love Yall!!!!
Ah! The sneaky plot cloud descends.
i did! And they had coffee! We need to hit up this closing reception, yo
the fact is that #HIV is manageable thanks to protease inhibitors and others meds
#nowplaying Unfinished Business
If things are meant to be, they are meant to be. Don't stress. Just enjoy life."
Sometimes i just wander if some people actually care about others...guess not.
Deposit has been sent for st johns university..looks like im going to college after all
I don't work anymore this week.. And I'm really sorry but I can't. I'm pretty hungover.
Waco loves country music! Thanks for written such great tunes! goo.gl/DGMbZ
Exactly! Thats all it takes!: Funny thing is.... it only takes one to win"
#FF For some pregaming before this weekend's MLB games: - Mariners - Cubs Rays - Pirates
Heard some incredible music tonight! Cant wait to hear Donny McCaslin's group again in Columbus tomorrow
70 year old man in the pool today splashing me and doing flips off the diving board #extracrazypoolday :p
I knew the D would own tonight! Congrats Boys!
Most people like to think so.... Depends onwhat you feel is ok?
Joseph V. Bellino wraps up the first day of our Behavioral Health Confrence by addressing violence in the workplace
Jeff Lyon of DATCP said Governor wanted continued collaboration among those charged with serving #WIDairy leading to to dairy sector growth
Hey Nana you are funny. I'm going to guess. Bah-ZOO-ski. ??
Top of the morning Twitter World! Remember the doors we open and close each day decide the lives we live. Make the best of it!
do you work harder when you make #money or do you quit when you get paid? do you treat people less cause you have more? #stay #balanced. TYF
How 'bout them ? Reinforced the team with a couple of key trades. Only downside is they traded (IMO) the soul of the team, D-Fish.
Welcome to the Church of the Holy Cabbage
haha I found out their open til like 4am!
I'm The Realist MuthaFucka In The Game Like Tron Nigga !!
You know that thing where you polish off a bottle of cognac from your friend's wedding, but his wife's remarried with children? I did that.
Urbie Green turned 85 on 8 Aug, & he was playing his ass off last nite @ Deer Head w/singing wife & pianist son. What a BLAST!
isn't our LoHi neighborhood the perfect place to lunch?
It's an interesting feeling, as a journalist, to see a page encouraging shares of your story for the chance of winning beer coozies.
I'm glad your having a good time in miami
RT : "The only true failure in life is to stop trying." Unknown
": Some jäger to settle my stomach? #dontmindifido"thanks for the invite #jerk!!!
Kolb probably hoping to be pulled after the first series tonight. Bad memories from the last time he faced the Packers defense.
wait you booked it?
Lame! :) But he looks much happier pouring that beer.
Thank you for the follow. Followed back + FB liked. Peace! Best wishes for continued good health, too.
We're opening at 9pm, Merry Christmas!
No amount of "Tebowing" could save Tebow from Brady...God decided that the joke was over. Tebow will not be starting next year, any bets?
I'm watching your favorite movie (;
ready for that gator game!!!
"Really? That guy? Weird." - Barabbas hearing about Easter for the first time.
Thanks Dave!
We choose that as well. Have a great day Brian!
“: Wow, I am totally not douchey enough for Monte Vista.” Has it become douchey? I don't remember it being like that.
Any takers for booze tonight?
I was gone for 2.5 weeks up north finishing my album and teaching my voice students. I have to leave again for another 3 weeks on Saturday.
sexy beautiful lady
I freaking love you. That is why i am sharing this free promotion site with you. site is on my profile. :)
hey this is my twitter, do follow me maybe? :)
please do, I would really appreciate it
: Mr. Rooter is reliable and will get there on time every time.
someone visit me at work!
Not accepting to the fact I'm one of few juniors at school.
Cant send DM says authentication failed?
Big announcement coming today!!
you are by far one of my favorite people to follow.
Great meeting you. Keep an eye on us. A lot more is on the way.
Enjoying my ice latte before work and listening to music <U+266C><U+2665><U+263A>
... For the record, is NOT my cousin haha.
Pacers beat Miami!
You look so pretty, Cait. ;)
Even if women came with a set of instructions, men would toss them aside without reading them.
I doubt anyone is looking at your nails rockin that #crossfit body #BrownChickenBrownCow ;-)
totally the girls went sorta crazy
Thor and The Hulk. Especially when The Hulk wants screen time by himself and Thor goes away.
woahhh! Looks like I'm going to have to step my game up!
#FF for the behind the scenes happenings at She is always planning events from boxing to Gaga concerts!
u will pass away but remember ppl talked shit about u ;p
on me ah liar!
Lunch at Lottie's on now: we're doing orange margaritas & "The Freak," - turkey, pesto, guac, roast tomatoes, bacon!
Found Torchwood season 4. Lets hope the Americans don't make this season suck.
I would to be on the safe side. It could take 8 weeks or more, so even with the price increse it's probably worth it?
Love those Giants!
Everyone text Vote to 5710 to vote for Eben!
Dude didn't even go after his missed dunk..
#NP City of Blinding Lights - U2 <3
I'm so sorry for the mix up. Please bring it back tomorrow between 11-2 in the Studio Theater and we will fix it right away.
After a tough morning, headed back down to Gilbert for more competition
I can't imagine why the entire world thinks Americans are fat, dumb, lazy and entitled. Other than, you know, our behavior.
okay I followed
happyjoel you're not friend of mine!
okay :/ sorry that people can be so harsh sometimes.
Confirmed, all OK. Four guys headed out to help flip it back ponto its wheels
Yaaay my emmy's moving in
I know I just started to get the hang of it now... How are you?
yup! pretty pretty cool. it's shame it's an ad...thanks!
So just isn't enough today, so I'm gonna go to and get my butt kicked there too! #thinkingofFloridanextweek!
You fail at doing that.
2 trucks today Wisconsin and Schmitz park!
yer in DC? did you hit bier barn? Pizza Paradiso has great pizza and excellent beer selection
I'm sorry.. Txt me babe. Let's chat? :)
FF# - he's one of the best people I know!
I deff thought it was Friday today
Smile.....It Brightens The Room:)
Dnt take it personal!!
Thank you! Website/IMDb/and FB page all in the works for Last Goodbye. We like to work backwards! :)
I put a cup a shelf above where my mom wanted it and she starts getting all pissed. Really..?
Half mast flags today
At the end of the day you just got to be able to make me laugh and not worry
I think Brady's a handsome dude, but he's too greasy, nerdy here. Sarah, he's got the eyes of a stone-cold killer. :)
What has school done to me.
“: maxed out my box jump to 50" #crossfit” jumping out of your shoes man that's great!
anything hgtv I love!
regular people :I love him so much me : FUCK ME NOW JUSTIN
Thanks for the mention!
Just watched my first John Wayne movie; True Grit. "Damn a man that whistles."
I just found out I really don't like painting rooms.
by the bar on the bridge
Life's lessons can become life's wisdom if you let yourself be guided by your heart and remember why you do what you do, -you love it.
Most guys will give you their best move first to establish a rhythm - be ready for anything then adjust if you get beat
you were great! Enjoy your time as #MissAR2011!
A Woody Allen movie a day keeps the madness intact.
you were missed!
will do Tyrese...thanx and may God continue to bless u. and all that u may set forth to do!!!~
Get Happy tonight with Mambo Blue playing for free , E. Wilson, Madison. Happy hour show from 5-7. Gonna be groovin'!
Another exciting day away from the boredom that goes by the name Roanoke
Congrats! That is so awesome.
#6wordstories true beauty lies beneath the surface .
Welcome to Twitter! & will be thanking our FOLLOWERS w/ a special THANK YOU event starting tomorrow!
Rats! My right ear bud just fell into my full coffee cup.
I can't believe I actually have a twitter now, lolol.
purple haze!!
Its darn windy
Haha another day I don't open my backpack.. #slackingtothemax #ineedsummer <U+2600>
I just finished a bag of Skittles a minute before reading your tweet. We're on the same wavelength.
of all the people i met/talked to today , is still one of my favorites.
I'm waiting for the bus and this is not fun.
Actually it looks like I'll be doing something similar to you. MLS Program Coordinator
It's funny when people push you and say get the fuck out of the way with out even saying excuse me
He'll yeah ; D
he smashed Andre Rison in the middle of a game tho
I hate that every scoring play is reviewed!!!!
You prefer paperback to hardback?
How's Texas?
Nothing like running through a swarm of thousands of lake flies to get to the car. Yum!
Lol hell yeah man. out here wit these crackers.
just dnt talk to me and dnt fucken look at me or else
I'm not what you're looking for...
great-perhaps u all can come 2 the 3rd beyond borders:diversity in cannes symposium sun may 19 & bring with u.
oh dear. Joffrey likes his shit kinky
hit me up next time. I am still working on winning the lottery so I can quit my day job.
thank you!!
#Brewers, you have to take the series. Better yet, sweep!
Any cable experts out there? Can I get basic cable (TimeWarner) but still be able to use a DVR?
All the NHL teams will be Shawnted by Andys ghost before the season is up
sounds like a plan to me.
does this mean that you had written 2/3 of your paper in a short enough time period that the auto save hadn't even kicked in?
"Over 90% of teens own a mobile phone"
Your Twitter Name Says You Respect Females Be A Man Of God And Join Evangel Fellowship And Renew Your Life
oh love you too logey
I do know that a group of people are in the process of claiming the lottery winnings. Couldn't have happened to better people.
What are 5 things that could never happen at uva, could it happen at OpenGrounds?
Wouldn't it be nice to schedule your Tweets ahead of time & do it so that they still appeared as if they were tweeted in real time with
I couldn't be with an uneducated man. I want someone who has goals and is working to accomplish them
great! What time should I meet u there?
#CILDC quandary: Thur. eve. Dead Tech. or ??
Good to know! is one of our favorite places, especially in the spring!
Not that I'm judging Kaner for being drunk. I just think it's funny.
Purchase a beat from and record 4 free at or , DM for questions
Laughter is the spark of the soul
I see ya lol
way to pull the wool off your eyes;)
Ayers: No distinction between form and content. Build connections to older ways of doing things.
True, but his forearms are neat. “: Jayson Nix is sort of useless.”
I hated Buffy and Angel and Serenity, but I loved Firefly and Dr. Horrible and the Avengers. Mostly tho i think its just habit.
PLEASEE FOLLOW ME JORDAN
It is the trouble that never comes that causes the loss of sleep. Chas. Austin Bates
The EVERNOTE application is wonderful for my phone & my tablet! LOVE IT!
Fuck you, #Flyers fans! Your silence is precious.
So umm, something has been bothering me as I watch Mavs vs blazers here...WTF happened to Brandon Roy?
On my way to atlantic city, hope I do better in the casinos than Garcia did pitching UGH!
Wonders if Mike did better than me on the exam.... Hm ": First exam of summer classes finished!"
Man, when you work long hours, having a break is heaven
ok bye.
You and a million other girls.. lol
Back to Florida.... Back to work.
Wow I must be old! I've never heard of that my life
SDHomeGarden's eclub recipe of week from Joseph Shutsa El Bizcocho, Rancho Bernardo Inn: Beet & Goat Cheese Salad with Arugula
Should I call bullshit or
I got nothing but love for ya
hey. Do you go to the b side?
well this was the worst time to drink an energy drink... im so hyper im not gonna be able to sleep
Need to make a PDF with previous/next buttons from #InDesign CS5 WITHOUT #Acrobat thinking my PDF is a form. Don't wanna hyperlink 140+ pgs.
The people who live on Lummi Island have to be the nicest people in the world.
RT : ": This weather is amazing!" You're amazing. No. YOU'RE amazing.
How hard is it to get involved in a working group?
Today is awesome! 1)3 year anniversary with the bf 2)Midnight premiere of #HungerGames 3)Spring break!
I like the new interface of the iPod Twitterific app!
#ICantEvenLie What's the point in trying? it does nothing anyway
haha 13 thanks;) what are you doing?
uh...kevin hart does not appeal to me. nor did his chunky bretheren.
Watch your language
Sweatpants feel So good.
new year's resolution - let's new up!
“ nobody ia gonna ruin my day nobody or nothin...impatient to be at already... IT IS FINISHED... #thatswhatHEsaid”
RT A2 No experience with FM Radio so, no bad habits & a year with another internet radio station
you totally would, too. You may be my only true friend.
After the #ncph2012 new member breakfast i'm waiting for Womens history at historic sites. what are you going to today?
Gah! My eyes! ::looks away, blinded::
Better get clothes for christmas
TY everyone for your prayers! It was an #AWE-God moment!
Mom's doing ok~still pain. Pls keep Praying4 Pain Management+Therapy. Thx SweetFriend!! Missed being w/U on SpreeCast! :)
- Great Performance on the View - It's Great that You're Exploring and Expanding Musically - Limits Don't Work for Artists.
The ump wants to go home...
Of course! Happy to spread the love :)
Marshon Brooks is the next Kobe.
Work is a
I'm stuck between two apartments, one .6 miles from Van Ness metro on Connecticut Ave and other .1 mile from Cleveland Park metro (same ave)
Lol, I reloaded every app on my phone accept......lol!!!
and his "dazzling eyes" :) #flipped #followme?
If i have to sit through one more day of school im going to spontenously combust
I find tomatillos endlessly fascinating.
(AP) -- Israeli media says PM reaches agreement for unity government, canceling early election
“: who of my followers is going to #AMIA2011 in Austin? Anyone?”I'll be there-stop by Iron Mtn Ent Services and say hi.
Having a hell of a time with #Wordpress this morning. Definitely NOT feeling the love.
i love you Taylor! I just joined twitter..and just wanted to tell you that. ;)
It was so hot today, I had sweaty balls.
Hey guys...check out pics of imats and everything i bought on the blog! Im such a makeup geek i know.... Makeupbylinda.blogspot.com
you're welcome :)
clueless...please speak english
you've got to be kidding me...
address please!
boys want to work for spring break so sweet!
Reno Hackathoners! is on Thursday night and we are trying to fill the last few speaker slots! message us!
Get Your High Butt Off Twitter Lol
So tell me darlin, do you wish we'd fall in love?
RT : I’m miserable. I can’t sleep in this lonely bed.
Aren't cooked worms just "extra yummy protein"?
Coming down with a cold, yay. Just what I wanted.
Do you think Chicago has good musicians/bands to offer? Tell us who you think they are...
I need my sweat pants and my iron and bow...can you give them to me on Monday?
Tip 1 of our 3 Tips to Better Marketing Translation: Make introductions and get your stakeholders familiar with the “going global” process.
Loves the Karma WP Theme but is aggravated that the site option panel breaks once so much CSS has been added. Child Themeing is the answer.
Only 15 per beat . Plus a 3 for 2 deal
just found out my second favorite color is probably like light blue blueish
But humans can be socialized into #Zombies too!! As in
That little girl who sat in front of me in 2nd hr. -_- like, he texts her but takes hours to reply to me, eff' that.
Oh, Baltimore: Only you would be home to a mattress/bail bondsman store.
That's whats up! RT : Where Are All My Corpus Christi People @????????
I would have rather seen the #bulls get blown out than to see what happened last night<U+E416><U+E42A><U+E113> hurry up football season
oh noes! they have to fix it before my online test next week.
All my dogs do is lay around and be lazy. I want their life.
I am winning the Crankiest Teacher of the Year award. I am not proud of this. It does seem to be a vicious cycle.
I need to buy 10 homes on West End of Galvy. Pretty or ugly!
Just had a yummy veggie burger, milkshake, and fried pickles!
“: listening to y'all today bros #locallove”<<
hello baby
Pissed -> Sad -> Angry (does regretful things) -> Regretful -> Alone.
Arsenal/Milan can't wait
It's a syndrome, I go to bed thinkin bout hunnadz!
RT : "I've been clean and sober since 2013!".
WHEN ARE YOU COMING BACK
Silver on pay raise: if there is a will from other people may bring up later
#punny RT: : A little bird told me I'd like this site
Luz. I told you already. What you don't believe me? Look I'm not even tweeting.
President George W. Bush is backing Mitt Romney for the Presidential Election 2012.
great news. Have a great birthday! You both deserve it!
I just joined twitter. Do you use this much? Are you allowed to "follow" any conservatives? ;-)
dang! Each time I've seen you mention Abney, it's like 6am and I think, oh I'll text him later. Then I forget. Text me later
Then you might want to use the internet to research Kony, Uganda and the Inv. Children organization. Its not what you think.
I have my own FabLab, but I call it my closet. I like #libmade's better
We're selecting the 2012 EdTech Link Fellows at noon tomorrow!
Sleep is my drug, my bed is my dealer, & my alarm clock is the police.
very grateful. Thank you.
"A man who stops advertising to save money is like a man who stops a clock to save time" Henry Ford (effectiveness is key)
Alexander McQueen Heels look so hideous.
its a good song but I only put it as a #Captain cause that was the song I was listening to when I took the picture
On the plus side today-got my first in-person thanks for a #CALI lesson I wrote-student said it should have been required!
Gotta catch up with my fam soon. Been way to long.
Never lie to someone who has always been true to you.
How cute! I love that zombie brain gelatin mold.
Can't wait to see you and jammin on everybody! lets take care of bizz!!!
If I can't have greenhouse for dinner may as well go to happy hour! #isitsummeryet?
The sacred King and Queen are magnets for ordered space (cosmos) in the chaos.
Hope you all are having a AWESOME mothers day :-)
i hate that i can't follow people back ): EFF FOLLOW LIMIT.
I want to be able to speak in more than one language
right haha fuck señora I still hate her stupid buck teeth weird ass
I Cried When I Heard Moments For The First Time :'(
I was just trying to let her know this is the stage where the mother is supposed to assert her dominance over the child and if she doesnt
Ballgame over Yankees win thaaaaaAaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa Yankees win
last cleanups before deploying proof-of-concept to appengine. next - integrate w/ google health and test security.
Conductors cannot expect people with vibratos to remove them completely especially in long works. But in Bach there R moments requiring none
How could I ever get mad at ? Hes one of the reasons I have a twitter.
Who is like You among the Gods, O Lord-glorious in holiness, awesome in splendor, performing great wonders? Ex.15:11 Name above all names!
ard meek , i see you ..
says text me...um to what number haha #justmessingwithyou :) #imboredtothough!
I just woke up 15 minutes ago ... need moar sleep!!!
Sat, May 26th at Beer Co? :)
you want me to hook you up with a <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>?
Actual quote from the Bachelorette "Being engaged is something special and should be saved for someone you want to marry". Wait, what?!?!
I know you love me. RT The worst mentor is the world --> RT This girl has a name. Thank you very much.
"e-book"=their name for it. WP-based multi-modal magazine might fit better. Got the draft up in final class. Cleanup to do.
sounds fun :p haha
School sucks....
Congrats to the AZTECS! 68-50. It's on to Anaheim.
At some point,you gotta let go,sit still and allow contentment to come to you.
Baby show me by the way you hold me, way that you control, speed me up or slow me.....
Good morning world! What do you have planned for today?
Could you please take a moment to follow me back thanks a bunch!
Yeah!!! Finally my hair is cut:D
Swapping off snow tires today in Wisconsin. Yippee!
Then you could dye your ball hair purple too RT : so tempted to dye my hair purple, if only I had balls.
RT : One step closer
It's the worst!
What have I done? I feel like I've been beat up or something
we know.
RT : When a door closes, another one opens. If you keep looking at the closed door, you'll miss seeing the open one.
LET'S DO IT! ILL SMOKE WIT YA(; ALL DAY ERDAY
Ya I know
Happy birthdayy to my boy <3
Thanks 4 reply If U know anyone who does the bananapuddingcake pls have them tweet me! ;) Can't wait 4 another taste of heaven.
RT : “The cave you fear to enter holds the treasure you seek.” Joseph Campbell (1904 –1987) Mythologist, Writer, Lecturer
lol you add me just type in marquis gunn
darn! I was hoping #grammys were so bad it would have had opposite effect. Apology accepted.
We want to offer our furniture assembly service to your customers
Nice dinner last night at O's in St James, NY. Great food and decent wine by the glass. Wish they had more by the bottle though!
ABC News reporting that Former First Lady Betty Ford has died.
What about computer-human marriage? ;) I mean, computers will eventually become sentient. It's just a matter of time.
To the best of knowledge Only Intel Based Macs are affected by the Flashback virus at this time..
Chris Andersen is one fucked up individual
“: Real men never stop trying to show a girl how much she means to him, even after he's got her.”
that's awesome!
that's my favorite hashtag so far!
I am ok with Wade taking the shot but I didn't like how hesitant LeBron was. Hot Potato
RT : Life is a succession of lessons which must be lived to be understood.
Got some Wild Life news to share, that you will like. = post job advert. at
My 1st Sem. at UK was $3,500. It has tripled since! Add in the potential interest loan debate + no jobs & college is almost impossible.
Trying out that new Cap'n Crunch cereal All Berries! It's alright, but I like the original Cap Crunch with the berries though.
very very nice.
Thank you. I have to confess to using the whole filter and app arsenal for IG. I'll look for your Island pics.
Thanks for all the connections! Visit us on FB too at: www.facebook.com/TheOhGroup
I very rarely had non-white paper.
Looking for a producing intern ASAP! Interest in marketing a plus, but a great attitude is the only must! email
Great to finally meet you irl too!
The club get old when you gotta dj all the time
Indeed. Not a sign you disregard willy-nilly.
Orpheus Roy Best of Craigslist 420 show tonight at 10pm at iowest. We have comps.
Shrimp Recipes They'll Adore When you're short on time, yet still want to put a good, home-cooked meal on the table, turn to shrimp. Thes
RT : Looking forward to attending the Great Circus Parade this Sunday here in Milwaukee!!!!!!
It's been a very good day! I LOVE GOOD DAYS!!
But what a way to go...
She says the facts suggest murder. Her mind is supposed to be made up. BEFORE charges are brought.
I'll have a plate of super cool with a side of awesomesauce!
: where you at?
oh haha! When do you get your cast?
you are loosing a great fan,, probly the best 1 you've had so far :(
I just saw Bill Cosby pick his wedgie. Oh boy!
Good crowd tonight
i gotta drop dj stuff off at 6. then putting make up on there. then getting food. youre welcome to come grub with me. xx
thanks. I just hope it works out like I want it to with me and the boys.
Yoga at the DUCK Thursday 7-8pm
Who Wants There Name On My Bio ?
the world hates me
GRIT N GRIND...That's all we know!
but, who knows, we could do it enough that it'll be easy to do all day (TWSS)
Thank you Cynthia! Provides electronic records and imaging services, including large format. #GoatCurse salsa!
Forgive your enemies...but REMEMBER THEIR NAMES! (one of the many funny senior quotes)
i have a lot of homework.!! Hey do You have msn.??
Probably irrelevant even with a Wiscy win. Big Ten becomes irrelevant to title race if Wisconsin loses
Thnx for the love! :-)
Hm we will see if that happens u gotta talk to me first
follow please?(:
so happy is following me!
yum Lobster! Enjoy the East Coast!
do not agree with that statement, but it is the kind of snl movie I miss, but I respect your opinion and I respect your breath.
Who gone call or text me tonight
In the car on the way to the airport... land of enchantment, here I come!
I'm speechless after watching the season finale of #Boardwalk Empire
Today's parenting tip: Throwing toys away means less mess to clean up. Plus kids become mysteriously proactive in keeping their room clean.
of course! malapit na, probably my birth-month, July
it's hard for me to understand why this gets so much attention when expressed directly when it's indirectly expressed nonstop
Signing the lease on my first appartment. Growing up... Wow.
Can't let the Heat win this shit.
Party party tonight wt the girls Rip cuzzo miss u & love u
The length of this funeral procession is akin to clowns pouring out of a tiny car. It goes on and on and on and on and on ....
Who's to fault for the #Knicks recent struggles?
RT For real flaco RT : Syracuse and Florida tonite. Let's bring some pride back to the Gators!
end 2011 in first. Happy New Year folks!!!
studying for this test -___-
RT I'm 2 young 4 turkey gobler neck.Noticed this on old & young 20 somethins. Never goes away despite diet & exercise.
sweetness, may I have your permission to use this photo in one of my haiga? Pretty Please? You'll like it, promise. :)
omg .. tomorrow is totally not a date . or is it ? ...
it started off in the middle school bathroom around 11:00 before lunch time:) u just pulled me aside nd we made out:)
Welcome back to work daily grinders! Stop by The Screaming Goat for lunch for a break from reality!
some stories need to be remembered forever, and i'm just a storyteller. so much to live, so much to learn, so little wonderful time.
any way to up the limit on the Sir Mix-A-Lot Live room?
RT You can also exercise or walk to release additional adrenaline
im going to bed. peace out all you little girl scouts.
awesome article, man. It's been a fun ride for that awful, decrepit franchise... Hope you're well, friend!
Muahaha! *blushes with huge grin*
and of course the pi has never run with an unflattering picture of anyone ever
For real I just got pizza to!
Good you ;)
Great show w/Billy Block last night. Dustin Wilkes rocks! 2 days left to vote. WE NEED YOU!!! www.refresheverything.com/operationsoundoff
The Dirges are going to sleep,,,Good niht fellow tweetters... talk to ya tomorrow
Imagine: Ariana on tour :) even better worldwide!!!
THANKS BUDDY
Simon says jump. Simon didn`t say land, you`re all out.
idk what youre talking about, whatd you predict the steelers would do?
Decided that I'm NOT ready for a bison tongue, though. They are, uh...vivid.
Bl50/100 utg limps, i bet 400 w/88 in cut off, Blinds,utg call. 875 rainbow. Checks to me. Bet 1000. Blinds fold, utg pops to 3000. I shove
Really enjoying the Photoshop 6 preview... some great changes are there. Still a bit bloated though (imo).
Who is coming to the David Crowder of Caring Fight To End Hunger Tour Extravaganza tonight at ?
The Queen Bee website is back! Check out the new items from Shoshanna, Autumn Cashmere, Splendid and more! www.queenbeegirls.com
Come in for Liter Night and get away from the busy malls and stores and relax at The Anchor Bar..
": #Aries have the best hair of the zodiac."
I always leave Whole Foods thinking "Surely the cashier must have missed something. How could my groceries have been so cheap?"
totally weird!
": I think people start drama over the dumbest things, grow up and move on. Don't give up a friendship for something stupid."
#SongsPlayedDuringSex crew love
I just started using Twitter again-- finally! And good name my man!
ha idk bout the end of ur tweet but ill be 18 in july
the games on
Trivia is starting soon- Gather your friends and head on over to the Turtle!!!
Had a great time being silly today with and my other friend Itzel. :)
shouldn't that be a mug of beer, eh Normy?
The O's just happen to have off on September 10th. Lookin' at you, You coming?!
I can't live in a world where we have another week of people fellating Tim Tebow.
hello yes you can reach me at
Recording music like a
Call me maybe at
uh, can i just say that your skills amaze me. Just got your email and #wow. Will write u back soon. Thank you Colleen!
Personally, I don't believe the world owes me a living, although for the amount I make, an apology would be nice.
It's so good to see that some things never change in the classroom. Awesome.
"We should not be defined by what we have; but by what we give others, or help them to get." Justice Michael L. Douglas
SLEEP WHY YOU NO HAPPEN
ALSKDJFHG. why don't perfect guys like him live in andrews. kill me now. omg.
I would be interesting in auditing! How abouts would I do that? Just drop by or should I call ahead of time?
If Erick Dampier can be out there, why is Shaq in the studio?
I'll do it for you!
The hot cheetos I ate earlier are gonna kill me at practice!
My cat just brought in the cutest, sweetest baby owl! Thankfully we rescued it before she did any damage. I might post a vid tomorrow
welcome. It's in like donkey kong.
Spam attack at today, some signed "HELP DESK, University of Rochester." DO NOT CLICK ANY LINKS. Forward spam to .
Starting work today with the Global Health Institute, guiding a group on making street theater on social and scientific themes. Love it.
Yes, its monday! Woo hoo! LOL
Who Should Own the Dodgers?
It made me look ashy. IMAN probably never uses that shit. She walkin' around in MAC promoting her Walmart bullshit.
y are you Mad
where do we see all the upcoming pet adoption events?
Also working on reading comp solution on AI/human intervention platform. Brilliant product development guy DF to work with - fun stuff!
They were going to trade me, but the asking price was just too high. Now, I get to stay in San Diego! Life is good!
A few hours late but I can't believe you're calling out the fans that still show up to the games.
I've listened to Neon Bible about fifteen times today all the way through. I almost forgot how good this album is.
my mother just texted me from the other room to bring her some cereal. nice mom!
The easiest way to make my husband mad at me is to have him catch me using MS Paint
is mailing letters to the New York City Department of Parks & Recreation and the New York City Department of Health & Mental Hygiene with b…
I've been really sick this week too. It has not been fun! Hope you're feeling better very soon! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Yes. Their cultural values meaning Bin Ladin values.
Letting go.
Happy Fridy everyone! What's the strategy to make today go by fast yet productive????
chillin. Livin the life. When you coming out to KC?
Who's awake! :)
The flashforward episode where we see Jeff and Annie's daughter fall in love with Britta and Troy's son.
We have uploaded a lot of new styles on our Facebook page. Check it out and let me know what you think :)
I saw at #aiip11!
Why tf is it raining right now?
thanks for RT ;-)
thank you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Guess who's going to shoot the beautiful and mega talented Make-Up and Hair Stylist Jeni Teran's wedding in Boston June 1st?? ;)
Thanks for catching today and posting that pic of her & Shamarr! Shamarr plays Gentilly at 1:30 Saturday!
Thank you for sharing our post!
....Vinny I wonder why people call you the"GRANDman" because you motivated and inspired millions and millions of people! RT
I just remembered a dream I had last night.
": Think I migh take my lip ring out for good tonight hmm should I?" Don't bro I regret it
Thank you for celebrating with us!
At with & for #shehechat - although at this moment I just want food. Too busy working all day & didn't eat.
Local bands I loved back in the day: Viva Caramel.
what's The City mean?
"Less is More" is such an aggravating phrase. I guess its easier than "infrequent notes will have more emotional impact". You lazy bastards.
Kate Jackson had to turn down the role of Joanna Kramer in Kramer vs. Kramer because of her commitment with Charlie's Angels.
(: haha, ahh I just had like a mini heart attack when I saw it, she is so sweet, I love her<U+2665>
I stopped watching once it hit 5-0
RT : I think I'll just sit here for another five minutes.
yes, we know her.
“ Hoes b extra hard 2 control!”
hey!!! A bunch of good stuff, how have you been?
The only thing better than u following me, is me spending the night "giving" u my thanks ;)
you think you could hook me up with a pair of the breast cancer elite socks in a size large?
Lol RT : ": Today is a good day to hit up Kopps's <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+009F><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00A6>"--- yes, a burger, shake, and onion rings lol
Watching #SNL on DVR... pretty sure I would love a new prime-time Muppet show.
M Mango Salsa RT : Craving fish tacos? You have to try the Mahi tacos - simply amazing!!! Oh & of course a marg or...
is reading a personal letter from #PresidentObama on
Say,,,,Let them eat Cake,,,,
this is now my new background because it's you in Miami :)) unless you want me to change it but it has to be one of u + me
Filmed the train/welcome/opening show. Slight blurb about the MK being open for 24 hours. Will upload video shortly.
make two dreams come true but following me nd 11
TRAFFIC - Disabled Vehicle in Traffic - Wb Belt @ Midvale Blvd - off to the right, but slightly blocking traffic
Rain smells so fresh and clean. I'm even looking forward to walking in it.
thanks for following! Appreciate it :)
Steve Jobs...RIP
that is pretty freaking awesome, did you ever get yours?
When did it become acceptable to be late or just barely on time to work on a consistent basis? Is this a generational thing?
First day in almost two weeks that quittin time isn't midnight :)
big hair dont care ;)
This is the thanks I get for helping a friend learn to NOT run from true love?!?!?
Cant a young Billa get money anymore
Happy First Day of Spring!!!
Scott County Cards face Marshall Co. in Sweet 16 first round Thursday at 6:30 p.m.
So cool - we just built a new mobile app on an iPad & had it install wirelessly right onto the iPad so we can begin testing features. It's …
Any plans on the docket to visit Wisconsin for White Tail deer bow/gun/Muzzleloader hunting?
Still modeling the database. That was just from eyeballing the preliminary data. Luv it when numbers tell a story
Just give me what I know is mine!
pauly crushed the chinese food..where's the rice
lol no idea..water bottle refilling stations
Gents, I've been on a pro-boobs platform since '82. is jumping my campaign!
A society in a society
RT if you love Austin Carter Mahone.(:
fast food
I've never really liked tea, but I really like the IDEA of tea....I think I may try to give it another chance this fall!
Cool! I love Logan Lerman! And your getting distracted with All Time Low music?
Should pay bills, do laundry and lots of other stuff. Did none of it. Feel crappy and lazy. *sigh* Get to bed early, try again tomorrow.
Which one's Kyra? Such cute little guys. Lol. Have a great day Jeannie my friend! xo
yes Reed! Wow:)!
P.F. Changs yum
You mother fuckers are beautiful, Just Say It is one of my favourite songs EVER. So hyped, preorder for sure!
That's what I'm talking about! If you know what I mean.
Whats is a Ideas . they are Dreams That Comes From The Human Spirit To Help Mankind Achieve Wonderful Blessing
Show a child you care today. Notice them, listen to them. Their voice is important.
I would say we're lucky to have a very defined mission & someone who isn't afraid to address lots of ?'s
Died for your sins.
Follow my boi Welcome him to the twitta world twitches
Please!! is one in 17 million chance that you see this tweet but im try .. i love you so much justin!53
They call her love, love, love, love, love. #allineed <U+E30A><U+E32A>
King just pinned Melo dunk attempt up against the backboard. Lol
I have a headache and I want to eat all the peanut butter.
& seattle mayor mcginn 13 million ~ every street dwntwn has one lane dedicated 4 bikes! it's fucked
The venom of the Australian Brown Snake is so powerful only 1/14,000th of an ounce is enough to kill a human.
Hi Tina! Can you follow us so we can DM you an invite? :)
totes wanted to wait a day to say happy birthday. I didn't want my sentiment to get lost in all the clutter! Happy Birthday!
I miss my frann :(( I text her but she never ever responds... w.e. I still love her though :3
Managed to spend under $5 at Jo-Ann Fabric today - pretty sure that is a borderline miracle.
How'd the talk go? Great job on the prezi btw...
"Rave Alert 5.0 features hosted Exchange e-mail performance optimization and customizable alert creation..." via
So. Bored.
RT : Ride the Beat Tour is in town! afterparty co-hosted by & (B.o.B) this Saturday
same here, i caved this morning and thought it was so charming that i re-posted on fb... sigh.
You read my mind. Let's do it!
yeah!! We were trying to figure out how to tell Ny and X. Thankfully we won't have to.
love the camero spot. Will be my son in, uh, 17 yrs!
Congrats Jeter! Awesome home run for 3000! Go Yankees!!
hahahaha that was so clever!
that sucks, well I hope I still find a way haha
i used to not know what was going on in my life or what to do, then i met you, and i think i'm finally figuring it out
I'd give it a 10-15% chance Lowry goes anywhere. His contract is gold + had a chance to swap for Pau but said no.
thanks for FF
I wish that the same guy wasn't making the burrito the 3 out of 4 days I've eaten Qdoba. I feel pathetic.
Yes! Just no flash photography.
#ChuckNorris sleeps until he tells the sun to get up.
Samantha is on fire!
My next career: developing game shows for Telemundo
enjoying knowing i have two real days of classes left! woo!
Filtering into see ! #PENFest12 #salivation!
only thing that's helped is taking Zantac with the Allegra. Pollen is so high right now.
RT : Wonderful meeting with Kemper Museum of Art team members Margaret Keough & Nicolle Ratliff re partnering on...
Come see us in Booth 6 at the VSAE Fall Marketplace!!
As soon as they post it, you'll be the first to know. It's really more of a intro column, but you'll dig it.
thank you again for coming to the show and for all of your support! We love you!
yea I did
I Love the Video & The Song :)
Whether you think you can or whether you think you can't, you're right!" -Henry Ford
meeting up with you?
Here we go!!
Oh you'll see soon enough ;) and def keep waiting - it will be worth it!
Here at Protege training at Stanford Center for Biomedical Informatics Research
I have a conference call at 2:30, then probably head downstairs for a drink before he reception. Meet then?
It would be nice to drive one just like Niki.
Inspiring exchange w/ founder Seth Goldman & chief of mission Cheryl Newman - how cool a job is that?!
I'm dying I'm dead
Saying "let's not speculate about Whitney's death" does not give you license to do so. Say "let's speculate" or stop doing it!
Goodnight Alex :)
Did you hear? TITANIC being re-released I-Max, 3-D in April, 100th Anniversary of sinking. Artifacts on display SD Nat. History Mus. 2//10
Are you a #Counselor #Therapist #LPC #LCSW and need CE's? Check out our Marriage and Family Therapy Training program!
DH demands division of labor rather than "soup to nuts" scholars--more like sciences.
I wish I had money . Blah
Let's finish this Brewers!
Did you stop in yesterday for the first day of Downtown Dining Week? You have got to try our Irish beef stew!
Singing karaoke the divinals-i touch myself
Have a suggestion for the Youth Council? Reply!
They all blend in!!
Okay, perfect! Might abandon my plans now. :) Blue Hill is sounding much betta'!
Don Imus' nickname for Gingrich is "skunk vomit". That always makes me laugh.
I will be back on Friday. I won't be there for your debut...it's time for the little bird to leave the nest.
NP-Love shoulda brought you home last night
Should have used that $300 to pay off the next person you play. See you at the draft.
Shout out to #EliteFire on their move downtown, to Chrysler House.
Ball movement, player movement, and setting quality screens are the staples of motion offense.
Where is Nelson's?
What do you like on your pizza? :-)
See our latest special on sterling silver and natural gemstone jewelry starting at $12
on air tonight 6-9 at 90.7 FM NYC pulled out. Then at 9 words & music with
Rain when you have shit to do <
I'm gonna cry next week
Lmaoo! Thanks <3 You Cute Too Boo (;
sometimes it is like that
and, by yourself?!
Great time at the #yougenconf with
thanks for the FB - i LOVE zombies!
i'm trying to write // haikus, but i can't get it // nothing fits the mold.
I really wouldn't mind some cake right now <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
I wanted to get sick and now that I am sick, I don't want to be sick /:
how is the party?
Thanks for the RT about #artwalkjax !
"Remember: Evil rum = Sunday morning headaches" - Bo Jr., vice president of Funology
We pause today in remembrance of the lives lost on 9/11 and hope for comfort & peace for all on this tragic anniversary.
RT Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones you did - Mark Twain
It might go without saying but NEVER BURN poison ivy/oak/sumac. Resins spread via smoke and can travel great distance downwind.
I just destroyed that piece of flan and now I am filled with custard and regret
i second this <3 i would be the happiest girl in the world- no joke o.o
Thanks for the tweet of my post
just finished watching I Am Sam >>
He think he strong! #Rinku!
as much as i possibly can. since i was a child. Too far ahead of my time.
Do u ever have one of those days where nothing really goes wrong but you feel like you hate the world and you just want to cry?
sore a.d waiting I got my texts working
Stopped in the T mobile store on 126 bisc. The customer service idiot was rude and needs a to learn how to treat customers. I have choices
giving up on Tmobile lol phone not working again ugh
oh you hush lol ! I wanted Jamar to win so bad :/ I loved him but Juliet killed her performance last week so kudos to her
Thinking about how the woods in YGB functions similarly to the City of London in Wakefield
I really hope my team isnt mad at me. I had a really bad family issue:(
need to be up at seven..loool
#HIWI spirit! Almost finished moving my son into a new apt. Looking forward to traditional oversized meal & beer as reward.
Happy mothers day
Save butter wrappers in the freezer to use for greasing pans when baking.<U+FFFD>
o yeah i can't cause 1. im fat 2. im ugly
thank you. <3
So dreamy
I wanted Sat. but they sold out too fast...Sunday is a great second place though!
found one a mississippi recs last week.Vol 2 at the dug record show a few months back. So im On a new Orleans tangent right now.
aw dont worry ! ): go talk to yuuur ear !;D
:) I love you sister !
The pain had become much worse through the years... How would I function??... That 1 took about a week to listen to... Continued next tweet
That's funny! My mom produced "Jacques Brel" in hometown Pittsburgh and it ran for five years. I grew up humming "My Death".
good, you should be! I lost at rank 8 with like 600 votes :( I tried so hard, oh wells, another day, another contest ;)
Hope ya'll had a great time!
Playing 1090 #wsopc 92 runners so far. Table includes AND Taylor Lipsey
Wasn't one of the Alpha Flight team gay? God I feel old now...
Our sympathies on the fish. Thanks for the #follow though!
"R. Smith was exhausted , that's why he shot an air all ". Pitino
Reckless Nights rule! Denver garage! Now for The Conjugal Visits from Colorado Springs
you will be hearing from droves of Bieber fans. No doubt!
Well then you're going to absolutely hate it. But good luck :) haha
How was the ride? Thanks BaltTservice Improving taxi quality in Baltimore
Austin may be just another YouTube teen sensation to you. But for me he's one of the most talented & inspiring guys on earth. <U+2665>
Sometimes our thoughts require an affair with "Plain Jane" to get it right.
Happy Florentine Opera Day! (as declared by the City of Milwaukee)
Almost the weekend(: someone text me!
will be on discussing 3rd grade reading today at 9:45 AM. Be sure to watch!
Looking forward to a 3-day weekend!
I know, I would rather watch on 50 inches of high def.
Listen to your StrOng song Starship. so good babe yeah!
#20ThingsAboutMe I have two bestfriends that I wouldn't trade for the world. & , I love you both.
Monday Night Football +
I know. I have it written. Now tweeking it a little and finding research to back up my points. ALMOST DONE!
If one more person "freaks out" bc an "orb" flies by their video camera, I'm gonna write someone's congressman.
Shoot the biggest smile you can find that's not fake. Or practice on how big you can go without ruining it. File in brain for later recall.
I want to go see "how to succeed in buisness without really trying" so I can meet nick Jonas :'3
U.S. stocks stage afternoon comeback, erasing bulk of Wednesday's losses.
Tonight: Marinated steak. Read article on how even minuscule amounts of red meat makes you more likely to die. Eating avocados for dinner.
@#$@#%!!! If you want ppl to read what you write, use punctuation!! Commas are nearly obsolete and now periods seem to be optional!!
#foodallergymomarmy I love that! No one understands like we do. :-)
Get Outta My Life And Take Yo Weave With Youu.
“: Burning question: Will #Tebow change his dog's name from "Bronco" to "Jet"?” your question exactly!
The frocks was hung along the wall, and before them was acurtain made out of calico that hung down to the floor
": Before Twitter ---> Facebook. Before Facebook ---> Myspace. Before Myspace ---> Life"
So what's up? Other than i see your attempts to get Baby Lux to follow. Don't give up! Lol
yo now following u! :)
Wow. Someone in Leicester, England, keeps calling up one of my blogs. I like that. I don't care who it is. I like it.
I am shocked to learn of the death of my cousin, friend n ministry, & SCLC President, Howard Creecy, Jr. He will be missed.
Just got a text from friends happy houring Sounds like they are having a really really good time! Envious.
Who is ready to find out who win #zapcash??
Final score England 26; Wales 19.... Great game boys.
I don't see you
#edumooc2 Thinking about extending the analogy to runners fetching snow to kings..tech making edu more democratic?
This is your interview with Shakespeare. Your one hour to pick a genius's brain.
Good Tuesday morning!! To all my fantastic followers have a beautiful day<3<3
2 outs and we can't put it away.
Uncle Curtis is money!
please let that girl be me .
are on MLB TV right now. Enjoy!
Twitter home screen filled up with
Guys, she is very, very touchy.
probably yes
The middle class has already been squeezed. There's not much more we can take.
it's hard to believe, let alone accept
Orchid Fest: Nov 5-13, $3 - Hundreds blooming orchids. Orchids & supplies for sale! Experts on hand to answer questions.
Celebrating my parents 35th anniversary. Lms if u still believe 2 ppl who love eachother can make it thru anything n stay 2gether forever!
A stumbling block to the pessimist is a stepping stone to the optimist. -Eleanor Roosevelt
Its Sunday & I am up so early! Why?
Disagree. This gives real teeth to the complaints about "always on" beyond the laptop/commuter canard
#Spurs an Clippers battle it out tonight! Gonna be exciting.
Heading to La.
Nora (PHRSPHR) is SO RIGHT. Go over the categories and subcategories. File them in like they are a book outline. Look at the weights,
MEAN GIRLS!
Redneck English tip: the "r" in wash is silent.
Breeze feels nice.
I have become an insurance pro after the past year. Co-pays, deductibles, co-insurance. It's quite a web.
huh. link?
Having a secret e-mail for hookups? While in a relationship? Shady. And gross.
Found a way to use my almond butter since I don't eat bread! Almond milk, yogurt, banana and almond butter smoothie
Great Picture! Love the coordinating outfit! ;D Was there a special occasion?
Hey #BBOKC Volunteers, tonight is work night! Excited to see you. Beer and pizza! 415 NW 7th, 6-9pm!
I'll split brary rent with you
I guess the parents working little league announcer booth/music don't know the lyrics or meaning to Pumped Up Kicks.
why do i need to follow my brother lol!
True that!
Can't Sleep, Matty is having late night phone conversations with Melissa. He talks so loud-__-
what do you mean get live
congrats on 23,000 points tonight....
Some people are like plutonium: unstable and toxic.
not yet but i'm excited!!!! i'll stick up on my blog when it comes!!
What do you call the genre that artists like Empire of the Sun/M83/MGMT are in?
Bottom Dollar Services growing stronger and stronger in Central Florida
Public invited to attend Alexandria Spring Invitational Cheerleading Competition, 11 a.m. April 28 at T.C. Williams.
Cast. Dir. Sherie Hernandez (Rita Rocks). Fun, great personality! Met again Cast. Dir. Tarquin Alexander (Middle). Helped clean up resumes.
thank you!
Pretty funny stuff!
35 days left to register for the first SAT exam of the year .. Enough time for Columbia Prep to get you ready for the exam on Oct. 9!
time you heading towards legends?
I smile because of you.
Does anyone have any #photo website recommendations besides and ? Their pricing & download options don't fit my needs.
sweet!! Can't wait to see the new pair. Have a few glasses for us! Love you xo
Follow Me, PLEASE?(:
I'll be starting the whole tenure thing, so I'll need to get researching. Besides, I'm going anyway. May as well present.
hold on
RTing and putting on our Facebook page!
still thinking about the tuna tostada and carnitas tacos from last night
I hate when Im trying to explain how a song goes to somebody but im just too embarrassed to sing it.
I know! I had a blast! So glad to have connected! Go trannies :)
I'm not tryin to drive...loll...
Keep knocking the cover off those baseballs! Best of luck Friday!
What is your favorite green-themed read? First 10 to tell me get a gift copy of Builda the Re-Bicycler for the iPad!
You seem to be more concerned with the affairs of others than your own.
We suck!
C'mon legs you can do it!!
Great meeting today. Things are lookin up!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00BC><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Roddick vs Fed....3's a charm Andy?
just used your HD blush. Trio on , it's so versatile and looks amazing on her.
Great! : hey there hope all is well! finally emailing you that pitch I talked about when we met in Feb - excited!
We are loving it! “: Arlington is the best little town there is :) #bornandraised”
Hey man, you dont mess with tradition. Did they do the wave right after that?
thanks for the follow x
#TEDMED speakers blowing my mind: #healthcare revolution through community/social cure.
Okay, I should be in NJ next week....
Many an optimist has become rich by buying out a pessimist. -Robert G. Allen
I watching 13 ghosts for the first time ever... and this shit is craaazzzyyyy
a couple months ago on the bus
Happy Easter! <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B0>
Preparing a dinner with friends, what wine would you recommend for a summer night dinner?
I love how.people will talk the worst shit about you, but never say it to your face #kissmyassandgrowup(:
... am proud of yu. And u love yu. Always and forever will yu are an amazing person and I'm glad to call yu my brother!
CHIPOTLE IM SO OFFENDED BY YOUR COMMERCIAL. if you're gonna free the piggies then FREE them don't cook em! #dostoros for life!
Toured BSAMs new tech ctr in Akron, OH. Slick! Passenger, truck and OTR tire paraphernalia on display. An IP lawyer onsite as well.
Bosh ugly as shit
It is certainly big-time!
Hey One take and One Take Only
anyone interested in a BOB SURA rookie card. i got doubles. twit me ur best offer.
TO MAKE THE POSTERS lol they seriously need too like noo joke js lol
Since updating to 5.1, iPhone won't auto connect to known wireless networks. Why?
I need a big break. I'm talking huge. Something to get me out of this rut.
Good luck! Hope it works out for you and Liz!
Belen needs to get her a$$ on guugle+
#NTT won the concert vs. trivia battle inside my head. Team Trogdor returns! cc:
Me! How's it sounding?
Fun afternoon for Guys & Dolls. Picking up some dinner before heading home. Many chores await.
you're welcome {':
I need to drink more water.
Same as it ever was RT
ah ok got'chu lol! i'm here & been online but it's fun being able to go to the actual campus :))
RT : Jim Watson on his fav gene: "It’s the only gene I know whose very structure is an implicit biological message":...
(i'd still smang tho. early)
Trying to write a love letter for Valentine's. I don't think "My dearest beloved, my simmering pan of hot grizzled bacon" will go over well.
Craft is beast
Rigatoni with Italian Sausage in Marinara followed by a walk in the rain to Coffee Grinder for Tiramisu and coffee desert.
When my mom puts money in my account >>>> <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0>
Ohh yeah I gatta have some j Cole && drake in my life
I miss my
Still in bed . I aint feelin today
no kidding! How's life?
you just need 20 seconds of insane courage.
Nebraska? You into self-punishment?
Aye lets work wit da work lol
I am surprised you didn't write it before you responded to
#BandsILove We Came As Romans
": Timbers Army chanting Beastie Boys-inspired "All I Really Want is GOALS." #RCTID #RIPMCA" can't say anything negative. Awesome
I was born in Greensburg, PA, which was named for Nathaniel Greene.
Valentine's Day may be over, but our Feb specials are still here!
ME EITHER!!!!!!!!!!!! twilight cruise, really?
White on white baby
so if its a understatement Dah mean sayin it fat ain enough
Sometimes " different" is a big deal!!
: You will love it, I'm almost done w'it. you can borrow it from me if you'd like!
#BackInElementarySchool when you couldn't chew gum
Fb on my phones being gay!!! It keeps closing. WTF
ok thank you dm
Nothing is more durable and environmentally friendly in the home than tile and stone.
you don't have to retweeet my podcast posts more than once a week! I'll still love you! but thanks! I send one a day, everyday
I love traveling
well thats no way to say hi.
My heart skipped a beat when you smiled at me;)
Mixed Emotions
oops sorry!
We are excited to have you back?
Hello Ryan, posted 2 websites on your Facebook which can help you retrieve your outlook data. OOXX
Just saw a men's bathroom line longer than the women's.
What a beautiful day today in NYC! Spring is in full effect.
ridiculously late, that's where! I'll be there in 15 and I'll find ya!
Honestly don't know why Granger was passing to Collison anyway
ya i left haha and i miss you to!
Rub those Dodger fans' faces in our victory, get your SF > LA t-shirts now at webegreater.com Free Shipping with code WSFever
may i ask why?
I think I'm ready to just retire! At age 28.
i luv u more cuz ur my age and we could be freinds and chill u know
just saw that are in your hood next week. you going?
where does one going shopping in #sacramento?
awh thank you I will let you know my meatball! :) invite only ;) hehe
exactly! Thanks so much-- I appreciate it!
Mac Miller is all I know of, and care to know of haha.
that's what I usually do...pick up my bitches lol jp
Does China do capitalism better than us? Interesting debate on the topic on AM right now.
You could say it's a 'Mad Men' style homage to the early 60s; no one will know the difference. Or, move to Austin.
Hey, it's mother's day, so you're supposed to be right about everything today anyway :)
Thanks! Appreciate it!
Oh Yeah Passed My Classes I'm A Bad Bitch
I want a guy that will watch a nicholas sparks movie with me.
girl he was sexy xD
Friday Night! Come party with Vegas' FINEST!
she doesnt tell me! That's between her & God
Just waiting for pretty little liars and make it or break it come on
I absolutely do not like Susie and I'm unfollowing her as I speak messy bitch..
is lying down with nighttime thoughts.
My coworkers threw a celebration for me and two other recent grads that included an ice cream cake and beer tower. Best day at work ever.
No. I think men & women have the same urges, I just think women control theirs better.
every time i hear Sleep With Me by i can't help but have this huge smile on(:
me too. I loved him and Dickens taught me about real hardship at youngish age. A2: Pip from Great Expectations!
I hate that my summer is so short:( it seems like i only had a 3 week vaca! it sucks that school starts on aug 1st.........
#1ReasonICantBeAThug cuz mugs not for me.I like to smile. Da ladies love it too so im cool!
GOO EARTHQUAKES!!!
thanks brenna! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084> can't wait to see u<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
drink with me this weekend please!
damn you're sexy!
Heaven help the person who irritates me today.
And you all wonder why I cannot stand being at school. Sigh...
#improvisation if you rest on your laurels, rest for 30 seconds.
When I tell a joke.. Please laugh
I told YouTube to go ahead and import my Google Video stuff (they offered) and didn't realize they'd add it to the TOP
Today is the day that every single teacher annoys me. Just let me sleep.
she is jealous of you and your gina.
game was amazing. Almost lost my voice! Oh, and I was literally 2ft away from Ray Allen
how far is that from Baton Rouge?
When someone tells me track isnt a sport. I look at them and try to imagine them doing what i do. Then i just die laughing
National Lab Day has officially reached 1,000+ projects posted! Ready for 1,000 more!
Our Southern California office is looking spirited while rooting on the in the NCAA Tournament. March Madness is officially here!
#sonsofanarchy seems like a cheery thanksgiving day..
Thanks for #following ,, , , and
Tonight in Clovis, friends and family of Kathy Lawson-Arrendondo—who is missing—will gather for a vigil, holding phones instead of candles.
play nashville!
just singing for now :)
Join LinkedIn groups with your school's alumni. View the members and connect with them.
but you're in the city now, nothing but celebs and fabulous people!
it was a big job. :-) I want to talk to about copyright now. Miss you!
Ok #TwitterPause again :)
you are too precious! I will let my "super fly mama" know that you are watching! Xoxo
I enjoy shaving with my electric razor to the beats of electronic music.
Had an awesome time playing in my last match for fort worth and also my first sevens match! Gonna miss everyone for sure. Much love.
I happily paid the extra 2 dollars on my fishing license to fight invasive species so if I see an Asian Carp this weekend,I'll be livid.
RACKS ON RACKS ON RACKS. MAYBACHS ON BACKS ON BACKS.
Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm. – Ralph Waldo Emerson
If you are sending some random best sale EVER tweet that is not for your own personal local biz consider yourself unfollowed. Capisce?
You were just in Vegas? I'm flying out there on Thursday for a Packers themed bachelor party? Want to join?
I Remember Ms Caruso From 8th Grade. That Trick -___-
Didn't watch War Horse, The Help or Extremely Incredibly Whatever.
lol too funny
Nice seeing other friends at the Racer's Party at the Hall of Fame Museum tonight...now it's time for that run I never got in earlier! :)
I want, my anger to be healthy.
"Words of exhortation for those in the struggle" freedom church 11am Garrett heights Elementary. 2800 ailsa ave 21214 (park on ruecket ave)
Liam seems to be having some troubles.
welcome back lovely!
Love a #nude special vacation 4 nights $399 Caliente Resorts
I'll definitely see you! Did you go to the salon?
awesome! i'll be returning to ctu online.
I need to go to sleep... Nitersz everyone.
Thx for stopping by and taking the time to learn about our program!
The weekend has begun! Looking forward to spending it with my love and cheering the to victory
Why do people always offer to talk or listen when u have a problem? You listening is not going to solve my problem. Only action can.
one word "funeral" lol
Yeah, nice place, just haven't been in awhile. Not too bad a a trip for you.
President Obama's administration would rather cuddle LGBT than formulate the legacy of Dr King & Huey Newton/Bobby Seale!
"...he was never cool and never sold himself as an arbiter of cool, he could never become uncool." U said that about ABBA, no?
Post holiday Rx for stressed skin...Revale (-the coffee berry antioxidant.)
- I'm going with my Gunners, Allan!
Broke down and renewed my subscription to Better Homes & Gardens. I feel like an old lady but it's cheap and the holiday issues are awesome.
We would love to meet you!You are very beautiful and so nice(:
:) Gotta love derby names.
Cheers to weekend (only if you worked hard for it)
Sexy Justin Timberlake had the #1 song on this day in 2006 with SexyBack.
i just got someone too buy your CD ! :D i feel so proud. Lol. i love christmas eve the most !
You were on fire tonight. Love your energy and of course your handstand!!!! Thanks for the amazing show!
Jim Gantner had the game of his life: Home run, double, two singles, 5 RBI and 3 runs scored!
will you be at #structureconf?
True verb is that reverb of choice. You just have to build your own presets
I hate this class -.-
Logical that ancient reckoning values reflect today's science: counting of spacetime will render the same/similar numerical values.
If Mr. Leonhardt yells at me, Im blaming my Dad. He told me to turn it in Wednesday, so screw it. Im getting some sleep.
Justin Bieber just knocked on your door & said you needed Proactiv....how do you feel?
Ard I'm off here was just checkin in lol
Not as good as gaining ground on the top 7...
The group is alive because of Shane, Daryl and Glenn, not because Rick. nuff said
Thanks for waiting, sorry you had to wait! Glad to hear it was worth it and hope to see you again soon. -Rachel
o ok whats up
uh oh. Scratch Buffalo. :) gotta end the twitter view now. Thanks so much for playing!
We can’t wait to introduce tomorrow’s group of Nostalgicons! They’re happy, loud and perfect icons for a food that talks back!
#Smash season finale!
My Thanks!
Always thought it was the 2 of us against the world. </3
Yeah, maybe safe for today. Lol
Hay , Jennings is the lead man, but #TurkishThunder brings it every night. #Ersanity! Amazing day of #NBA basketball.
good to hear that. I am good. Laying low just a little. We should meet up at Bus Boys & Poets soon to catch up.
was it. Lol
We have $2.00 Off Coupons on all our 6" Cakes. Just go to our website!
highly productive day today.... gym time later
GOING TO WATCH DOOLs NOW I LOVE MY DVR I CAN FF COMMERCIALS HUGS TO ALL
I still get excited whenever I go to profile and see " follows " <21
Yes! RT every day is Fabulous Ladies Club day!
Been up all night
I think I'm hitting 15K today ^.^ we having a party on twitter <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0088>
how beautifuk it is! the colours are so fine and smooth!
Just finished blended learning keynote at Cerbibo conf in China. Went well. Lots of questions. Positive feedback from hosts.
Marketed catering to the Indiana Chamber of Commerce today. Zajac attack and I are amazing! They loved us!
Yup you heard right!
Your friend breaks up with his girlfriend, becomes best friend again, finds a new girl & u never hear from him again
hey gurly..thought you were n town..I will catch you next time...be safe!
That's awesome! We put out a release - the momentum in this state is incredible!!
Happy St. Patrick's Day, Chicago! Have a fun and safe holiday!
No, I want a scary dragon. You're like PUFF!
Basic graphic design tip #9: Your logo should read well at any size, whether it’s huge on a truck or tiny on a badge.
Middle-aged guy at the coffee bar this morning seemed kinda angry that no one watched the Grammys. Sorry, dude.
YES! Seder dinner here they come has Passover chocolate & coconut macaroons #nomnom hat tip
me too smh
Watched LA Confidential lately? It's on amazon prime streaming and BOY does Bud White HATE CHAIRS
Get up on the hood of my daddy's tractor.
..good advertising, I just bought 'Jackie Hold Horses' for my lady! Thanks
sorry doesn't cut it...
Heavily thinking about this early turn in..
congrats on 3 million followers! :)
At a mall carnival!
thats great to hear... Have a good day
Of course. If it's not hitting then it's pitching.
missed u in LA ... next time sir, next time
And again I say, damn you Broxton.
If you believe that some day it's going to happen, some day it probably will happen.
I don't care about tomorrow, I care about two days after tomorrow.
ITS ALMOST 12 AM WERE IM AT
I like rim jobs just as much!
Trying to get my house and my life in order for yet another week. Which might happen first?
I don't care if u call me funny names and joke around with me, but if u call me ugly or fat being almost completely serious, it hurts..</3
Good lunch yesterday man! Thanks again :) Be well.
you know it lol
What are we gonna eat tonight? We will have to take the kid to pick it up unless I grab it on my way home. Let me know. Wendys?
...reads like well written prose.
when Tom Dewey found out that Ed Flynn had made me a deputy sheriff in the '20's, he railed about it at a City function some 20 yrs later
Graduation 2012 Afterparty tonite. 21+ Free All night :: Saturday night hookup 2500+ ppl every week. LETS GO People
I love when I get a new book!
CONGRATULATIONS!!! Good reason to miss
I'm settling into the new job, just trying to wrap my mind around the intricacies of this behemoth institution.
Going to South Beach soon? Read about our waterlogged vacay on MTB!
followed! Sorry for the late reply!:)
tell me
DM Hi Kelley,just a quick message to let you know that I was thinking about and praying for you. many hugs my dear friend! Dean
We are generally the better persuaded by the reasons we discover ourselves than by those given to us by others.
Can't believe it ended like that!! #summerneedstohurryup!
#TheVoice beats #idol but beats
": Being infallible, God is probably an #Aries."
Derek, you are very welcome! Looking forward to reading and sharing your tweets. Have a great weekend.
Personally, we love and
energysaver bulbs in cathedrals :(
It's O.K.! U got a couple taps with 98MPH pitches.
ur mad lame son
Is wondering WTF a live, ginormous owl is doing sitting on a porch on the south side of Chicago??? Thought it was a statue, then it move ...
JPCF Trustee meeting, then off to the Cinema Series screening of the classic "Waterhole #3"
Got the job bitches!!!!!
On Fridays you can use #followfriday or --> #FF to suggest people to follow. Have a great weekend!
I am no promoter... But perhaps you could play at Stevie Ray's blues bar.
LOVE to you and Mana!!! :D And kisses to your beautiful baby!!!
Happy Monday Somaphonites! :)
#itshardwhen you have a friend who passed at such a young age. Love and miss you Akeer<3
Oh, Tin Man! RT : Emotions are for the weak and people with a heart... Who needs that hassle.
Holdin on to Fantasy, gettin bitten by Reality
Didn't get enough sleep last night. Just read "engage your audience" as "enrage your audience".Was thinking 'well, that's a new approach...'
yes gurl ...nothing against sharon just
Photography I wash my hands of you!!.
A friend of hers on FB said she was still stuck in traffic an hour ago, and would call when she got closer.
So cool! Have fun!
That tired feeling, dragging yourself to the car, off to work, only to realize you have no gas in the car
: :Maybe we can rouse & others to flashchat too #lrnchat < I'm here!
#StudyAbroad deadline for Yonsei this Thursday! Who wants to take a library #adventure with me? Let's do this!
guess what Lisa saw this what a disappointment after always being there. No one will ever live you more than your mother “
RT : Prediction: economy matters more to 2012 than bin laden capture. If unemployment's still over 8% Obama's still quite vulnerable
I know you are but what am I :o)
why r u feeling dead ass. Just smile
that eye is so my colors! What lip color is that? It is such a great combo.
hopefully its not THAT good....you're on vocal rest :p
You want DC inmates to stay in DC and not get shipped all over the country? GET OUT AND VOTE TOMMORROW
what day does machete come out?
Man I don't wanna be here right now, Smh
fuckin celtics gonna shit the bed can't split at home man
Im hungry!!!
"Dork Shorts" sounds ador(k)able. Excited for this weekend!
i'm gonna have to make That stop in the morning too
I'm returning the follow! Thank-you kindly!
Gamel toe. #go brewers
Join the DAM conversation! RT : Tweet Jam Today: Digital Assets & the Customer Experience
Neotame (Pronunciation [NEE-oh-taym]) is an artificial sweetener that is 8,000 times sweeter than sugar.
Agreed, first pick had to be a defensive player after the "offensive" offseason.
BECK: ELECTION IS CRUCIAL TO FUTURE OF U.S.
Woahhhh There Was An Earthquake Here In Oklahoma At 2 In The Morning ! I Didn't Even Feel It ! It Was A 4.7 But I Was Knocked The F*ck Out !
I asked him if I could twitter what happens. He said, "Yes."
Ding ding ding!
Please come to Baltimore on Jan 15 or 22 to watch the Ravens beat the Steelers or the Pats so u can eat purple humble pie!
When I am not buying yarn, I am thinking of buying yarn and/dream of said yarn.
exactly! Rice and umeboshi.
- checkout so slow family behind me bought pizza + hotdogs and ate while waiting in line
ughh..frustrated. who do these people think they are!
RT : : wht's everyone doing ths wknd? Going 2 C the Declaration of Independence at the VHS 4 FREE on Saturday!!
Never a failure, always a lesson .
#askSarah Would u follow me? (:
Congrats Christine! She won our charity giveaway, winning $200 for Camp Hope, helps families that lost a parent or dealing with divorce
As a kid I loved tom and jerry but I'm watching it now and i just noticed they dont talk
before miller park was officially proposed, what was attendance numbers at Co Stadium? May be similar to BC's?
more girls need to fall in love with their best friends!!!!
Yes. yes i did <3 :D
Be sure to follow for all the official announcements and updates leading up to the viewing party on June 28th.
Getting ready for another busy week... working on some facebook deals for you all! ;) Stop in and see us!
Contacts make me angry in the morning.
Kid tried getting to databases by googling, "Gale"
If anyone knows where I was yesterday, and with whom, please do not tell anyone. Especially me.
ok I'm back
The Legendary Connie Hawkins looks good. So does the Original Sun Dick Van Arsdale.
where have you ben ! lol
I agree. The only reason I can see why he might still hide it is because of his family…but there's no way they don't know
After a few rounds of clinical trial QA review it is evident industry must get back to basic good clinical practice or risk project failure
I use Adobe Premiere since it works really well with my SLR footage.
I'm not. Just saying wow because you could've made a new friend before the last minute lmao
Man you are making me JEALOUS! I gotta work on my live sound skillset so I can come out with you all next time!
AnthroSource is so incredibly broken I can't tell if the new AA isn't up yet or AnthroSource is just incredibly broken….
Kardashians, Jenners tweet about stupid boxing fight. Oprah and Demi Moore tweet about the
As soon as MC2 dropped that three, The Gap Band went off in my head.
My grandmother was great at adding captions, but she often did this on the front of the photo (better to see in photo albums).
Right keywords mean right results, so make sure you use the proper keywords for your Google Places page listing.
“: RD1 - PK3 #Browns: T. Richardson (RB-Alabama) #NFLDRAFT” He's good, but I'm not a fan of taking a RB this high.
Good morning Chicago! Hope each of you have a fabulously productive day!
Me me me me RT : Who tryna go skydiving with me?
David, you are very welcome! Looking forward to your tweets.
“Good people do not need laws to tell them to act responsibly, while bad people will find a way around the laws.” -Plato
In my best Daniel Bryan voice: "Yes! Yes! Yes!" “: Anyone praying that Florida State does indeed leave the ACC for the Big-12?"
that was Sidney Weinberg's advice...
I just wanna go back to regular school, i'ma good person. i dont deserve to be in this place :'( lol.
I think I prefer Joe Cocker's cover of The Weight to the Band's version
welcome to the life of an unemployed college grad! It happens all the time unfortunately! (PS congrats!!)
oh spurs baby!!!!!
One of my favorite moments is lying in bed and listening to the storm roll in. Now all I need is a good book and a big mug of tea.
I Miss You To Mommy :(
hehehe well she does look gorgeous! :)
To live in truth you have to become forgiveness.
i really luv this song im not surprised its at #31 its an awwesome song
Woot! Excited to meet and learn from you!
+1 to that!
Seeing other artists do brilliant work makes me feel very humble. <3
Kidlet is doing a Kaiser Sose/Verbal kind of thing as he tells me about his day. Stories have included the apples and eggs in our kitchen.
it's definitely NOT Mars Attacks =o)
Follow my new Twitter . I had to make a new one.
when i'm feeling down, i feed peanut butter to kittens.
Man she is b..a..double D mane #NuffSaid shawty got the
Bus driver acting like tour guide.
My grandmother's graveside wasn't until this Wednesday, so I won't be going to it. So, that wasn't crammed in.
Anxiously awaiting a supposedly "huge" Facebook announcement at F8. What are your guesses?
RT : 'One can live many lives through personal style. Every day is an occasion to reinvent yourself.' - R.Lauren
I did see you last night at the speaker reception, but you were pulled into a conversation with someone else. See you soon.
ya babe! “: This month's has sold more newsstand copies than any previous issue on record. #hot”
Can't stop
only dummies sit in the back of the classroom
interesting you say that right now man....
calling someone fat doesn't make you look cool or hard, it makes you look coldhearted.
right on! I'm so jealous!
ill tell u tomorrow. basically he still liked his ex, and I broke it off with him.
Congratulations, Ryan.
Take care of yourself, parents. It's a great gift for your children.
#SheProbablyAHoodrat if she sends pics to Travis Porter for #SexyShortySunday .......
Looking for a great wine as a thank you gift for a great client. What would you recommend?
I eat my Pizza whith a knife and a fork just to piss off folks in New York.
: i can't find my coffee mug so i have to use my water mug for coffffeeeeeee.
Agreed. #MobiView would also be good for meetings. Have fun giving it a spin!
Your just no good.
Went to the Indpls Job Fair today, got a second interview!!
I also had the larb (with chicken). It's my favorite!
It's also a high-deductible, but still seems very reasonable for a single healthy person
I believe its "synced" "sunk" would just be stupid. haha.
I could but I'm not cause I gotta take a shower and do hw haha maybe later lol
Refinancing homes talk and they show Geithner. Sigh...
You think you know but you have no idea -Slim
I always take the hanger out of a shirt I'm buying so the cashier won't stretch the collar.
"Wishing to be friends is quick work, but friendship is a slow ripening fruit."
On the floor : "We can all agree that we need to invest in our kids and their education!"
We're sold out for the day. Thanks to everyone that stopped by today!
Only the selfish stays broke :D
Ever started off writing an essay about one thing and by the time you finished it was about something else entirely? That just happened.
On World Press Freedom Day, the spread of mobile and publishing technology ... - Nieman Journalism Lab at Harvard
has announced that she will be leaving at the end of May..we wish you the best!
More crosswords.
where is the ice cream from?
no but Mtown is in here...Grizz Nation
Less than 2 mins into and I am dying of laughter. Love this show.
That was actually my initial thought, but would affiliating with it put certain restrictions on podcast content?
Having fun in Lincoln County!
Thanks! We're excited! What do you think? Did you like the intro teaser video? ;)
It was awesome talking to the , (& )! Thanks for having me on, and I hope to do it again soon! :-D
Indeed! What does it say about me that I like it better than Bedford Falls? Guess I like to be where all the action is.
3 days and counting... playlist should have a heavy dose of
Yeah, not sure. Maybe other cities didn't have local newspapers w $, commitment to the truth.
Alright, this means war
Out of Frosty Paws = dog tantrum.
On the sea of madness...
Wtf ! I hate guys who are always bragging about how big there dick is! Like STFU nobody gives a fuck !
There are over 150 Golden #AEDs still out there worth $50 a piece as well as the $10k, so keep submitting!
ok then! I fucking love you!
In this July 18, 2011 file photo, Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner speaks at the Treasury Department in Washington.
hold on to these days, months and years as long as you can. College flies by so quickly--so enjoy every second!
Likes the awkward moment when everyone is singing in the car, stops, then sings again.
Man I'm starving.
I thought "the Fix was in" b/c Harvard is Obama's Alma Mater..had them going all the way..Oh well
Coachella Music Festival is on Friday. If you are going, who are you most excited to see?
Hope everyone had a great Seafair weekend in seattle!! Goodnight
Anyone have a 153 book they would be willing to let me have/copy
Won tickets to see cirque de Soleil in cedar park from VERY excited about this. My radio winning skills are back. Yes! : )
CONGRATS to ! You are our 37th retweet! Please private message us on twitter to receive your free 37 Album!
Always have a plan B!
$PASO Keep this stock on your watchlist this week alot of accumulation goin on.
These dam sour cream & onion baked Lays potatoe chips taste like paper yukkkkk
i'ma celebrate something later today
RT yeah, i get pumped when ppl retweet my ishh
I hate it when #oomf sleeps on the couch but i hate his snooring even more!
I was the best personal trainer, even though I kept forgetting to slow it down.. I said "SLOW DOWN AT 7:30" and you didn't:'(
cant wait till winter break so santa can come to my house :)
Morning is rough... I sleep then. And I will, trust me.
Ah, the school year begins soon ... Adjusting/printing syllabi and lesson plans.
Stop in to to experience our sandwiches, fresh salads, homemade soups and fruit juices, sodas and smoothies
ill miss u jarred kodesh will be so different :( have fun at ur new school
sounds like a move
wow...that's insane...what's next, Chess King? Structure?
that's good(: & yeahh I had an awesome halloween(:
wait wait wait. Backup. Peapod still exists??
The truth always comes out.
Hottest holiday fashion trend? Enter to win our Holiday Wardrobe Giveaway here...
Just as long as you have a path than your good in life.
I am jealous!
thanks man! Hope you are doing well!
If only u could buy time..
If you could walk to the sun it would take about 2000 years (unless you know a short cut). #odd facts
Protester sign: You don't know how many hornets are in a nest until you disturb it
"This...is Bell Atlantic"-Darth Vader
ohh, okay. Well I'm following you so I hope you get 3k! <U+E056>
match it with ur icon.. maybe purple?
Great night at Vanessie last night. Hope to be back soon. SANTA FE SOL tonight with Baracutanga & Mala Maña 7:30pm M
Feeling real great right now.
Okay the cove is definitely not for me.
Oh fuck..x fin
I just witnessed someone mix diet coke and Sanagria..... omg like how to drink.
waddle waddle
iiHATE tHIS FAKE PRINCETON !
Another Lost Dog - Small 12-15 lb. dog found in San Jacinto, CA. White dog with Brown on face. Call 909-731-1904
An Asus Transformer
Stopped training for about 6 weeks, and started again 3 weeks b4 the race. Not much of a taper ...
When people are like omfg I'm 's number 1 fan!!!111!!!1 And they're username has another YouTuber in it. Yeah ok <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
like I just don't like sausage. Wow We might have stalking problems too.We knew like 15 seconds after it was presented
aerial coverage provided by
Finally over a million on temple run ik right lol
I dare you to click my follow button! plz
Finally getting on the list might be my undoing. So much awesomeness.
I've tweeted more before don't know how that happened!
This bruise on my leg is fucking nasty looking -_-"
"...and not to make bourgeois art for a few and ignore the masses." - Keith Haring, October 1978
Sounds like you got great seats. Enjoy!
At the convention, a kid comes up close to me, whispers "Your face looks really dry…" and proceeded to run his finger down my nose.
The 2012 Gala was a huge success. Thank you to all that supported and helped make it possible!
Since we don't have a ton of followers, I think I'm safe saying this. Why do people fuck with Mac Miller? He's really not that great.
God, I hope you're right.
Movie night tonight with (:
lol! We need to chill!
haha yeah I know, just wishful thinking..that was a good pick by them though
boo that's almost like false advertising
Started talking to this 20yo boy....he's not a twink but he's cute. Not too sure what to do with him. Should I give him a chance?
i hate getting on facebook , somebody always putting a photo saying like if you care keep scrolling if you dont . Just know god watching
you too :)
Do you believe in love at first sight, or should I walk by again?
It's 2 predictable for me.I knew who the bad guy was after 20 min intot he movie.
Don't stress... just do what u gotta do... and whatever happens was meant to happen..... God got you just Do!
I'm working on it boys!
Time for the GIANTS!!! (after a quick foosball game of course...)
C'mon Lani!!! “: I admire a Samoan lady like u! The Samoan in me is my worst enemy! Sitting on my couch Unmotivated!”
Good to hear from you. Heading to #ces?
never underestimate the importance of good air quality...it's made a HUGE impact on my life & my family's over the years.
Thanks for eating our pizza and checking in on ! How was everything?
Give a ways?
My address for the Picture is Mike Morris 2820 SW 75th way, Apt. 2501, Davie, FL. 33314
yep unfortunately. Find others that enrich ur life and make u happy. I am
Just woke up randomly, can't fall back sleep - surgery in about 8 hours so I guess I'll get more sleep then. lol
Friends r collecting new robes/blankets 4 chemo patients in lieu of birthday gifts for their kids. Let me know if you want 2 donate!
Boo, Ray LaMontagne. We love your music, but it isn't sacred. Entertain us, dont't scold us.
It's 50 cent beer night tonight now til close! M, local beer!
THANKS TO LOCAL COMMUNITY MEMBER SERGIO RAYAN WHO HAS AGREED TO SPEAK AT OUR PEACE FESTIVAL - THANK YOU!!!
Case of spaten Oktoberfest. Ckeck. 4 tivoed episodes of #threesheets. Check. Three sheets drinking game rules. Check. Game on. <U+E30C>
o! Perhaps you could convince them to share that recipe with a foodie transplanted to WV??? ;)
On a boat at cleawater ;p
iAppreciate Your Sarcasm.
Calm down!
I'm mad I gotta watch marquis corny self play 2k
uh.....did miss something here?
help us get this site out and ask to RT
Man, you can really tell you've been working harder in the gym lately. Looks great!
2012 Phenom Camper ° Phenom 150: Deonte Wilson °Rising 10th °San Antonio, TX °Travel Team: Longhorns °Point Guard 5’4
Moderating live stream/livechat of special on #sept11 with award-winning correspondent
is ready to get back to work. I swear "vacation" is busier that "work".
dm Would love to spend some time on a cal to exchange thoughts. Would you be interested in participating in a consortium?
2012 is here and we are super excited about this coming year! Planning to make 2012 even better than 2011!! Welcome to 2012 everyone.
glad to see you on Pinterest. Re-pins are coming your way, I love it already!
your welcome :D
Ate the other night. I'm so excited to see all the environmentally friendly and cool things they are doing there!Way to go Via!
was a perfect play, well executed and then MKG ruined it. Helpless feeling for a coach/team. UK too talented & they play hard
Cant make up any tweets..so you retweet everything
Love that song! Have a great time.
I don’t know the key to success but i know the key to failure is trying to please everyone........just do You!
The way you smile at the ground it ain't hard to tell, you don't know oh oh, you don't know your beautiful <3 #onedirection <3333
Good luck on your Race!
Romans 5:5 And hope maketh not ashamed; because the love of God is shed abroad in our hearts by the Holy Ghost which is given unto us.
Is Steve Martin your dentist?
lol it was my inauguration to my vacation
What circle would you like to be added to?
That feeling when you are sitting down to an exam and your thought is, "Whoops, should have learned this..."
have fun out there! When you get back, we have to get you guys one Emmet's social calendar! (P volunteered to babysit)
Chapter 2012 Page 76 of 366 recruiting for my personal Board of Directors per
what the hell? Almost lost my alto, made at least 7 new friends. Rocked Lilly's...I'm with I Love Wednesdays.
Nope you don't it's not our girl lol
Blenny is smallest, Nigel is largest!
Thank you Make-a-Wish for such a wonderful trip to Disney World. Elise had an amazing time. You really do make wishes come true!
if you still got the bonus, fuckit. a show for 30 it is! just imagine your in Buffalo, thats a good turnout..lol
Met family and friends of Army Pfc. Jacob A. Gassen today, killed 1 yr ago by a rogue Afghani policeman- see new memorial in Beaver Dam @ 5
Thanks to my 7 special followers of the week! ,,,, ,,
Imagine a world without Craigslist, Facebook, Wikipedia, Google, Ebay, Yahoo, Twitter, ***STOP PIPA (Senate 968) & SOPA (HR 3261)***
Yay! RT : first day at the new job! LOVE it!
"If this thing takes off...we could make a boat load of money...then we'll see who's laughing"
Watson on Jeopardy doesn't do speech recognition. Lame!
sorry I resigned, may have been an accident
was won Twitter, Saturday, #nerdprom, #mittideas and my undying adoration.
i can't actually be trapped inside my house i'm just trapping myself.
coffee was a big trigger. I tried to go totally cold turkey & got some gum for the intense cravings.
Cruel joke it JUST happened for the 2nd time today! This is some serious hazing
Well, that's understood. :)
Slightly bruised and battered (and exhausted) but battle #3 against the blackberry insurgency was a complete success.
it's on a sunday! :(
ha Yeah be sure to get out of the library first!
By itself, it is too bitter. But with the peanut butter I like it. :)
Wednesday Morning, 3AM
First Person: Saving for Baby
#ICantWaitToTellMyKids to come downstairs when I want them to get the remote and change the channel for me :)
Crowded ass cafeteria, ignorant ass workers...
Listen to our Brand New track "Last Christmas"! Happy Holidays <3 www.soundcloud.com/gammapulseband/last-christmas RT!!
Sorry I missed it - especially you, Anna! Busy week + illness left me pooped.
Favorite part of 21Jumpst: tatum walking by hipsters: "I don't know what those are."
is it Dragons
Hmm… I'd imagine that you'd be pushing 3G to its limits. Hell, I do that downloading email. :-p /cc
What did Christina say?
Orlando airport needs tech disruption! Its so slow...
Can Omega, KENTA and/or Marufuji be next?
Lil Jon taught me to snap my fingers and do my step, and I can do it all by myself! You know how fucking empowering that is???
pick me please for my 2 lovely daughters :)
Bah. Missing #mw2012 sucks. Wish I was there in sunny San Diego with all you museum geeks. <3 you guys.
I would eat potato children. I love sour patch kids...
Spent some time fixing up bmoresmart.com - added some pages on getting involved in the city, events, etc. Thoughts? What's missing?
Can you imagine walking into a VC office and pitching this business model? 's talk My New Software Company:...
You talk it. We live it. You're jealous. Admit it.
oh yeah but I can't tweet it or she'll know haha!
*gasp* #jealous This weekend isn't gonna be too exciting but the following weekend I'm graduating from college!
My grandmas cure to everything? Mia & mulkha.
DNAD making a nice move today... dilution has stopped.
send me some of your modeling work
letting your child record your family's voicemail intro is not cute, its more like annoying.
Construction Campaign-RE:LAX. Count slowly. To ten. Then think about how great it'll be when it's done. Nice idea, tho I rarely get past 5.
you are most welcome
are you in the new issue?
It's really cool to watch every kid some how find their parents in the stands! Proud brother today:)
Ok can't keep my eyes open night night <U+E418>
It was beautiful out tonight ...no bugs yet to spoil it!
Snow bike!! There's nothing like it in 18inches!!
I did all I could with what I had , plan B start rebuilding Be proactive don't let anyone rent space in your head no more people pleasing
FOLLOW DA HOTTEST PRODUCER IN DA GAME !!!! THIS NIGGA SICK AND FOR EVERYBODY THAT FUCKS WITH MPIYA SHOULD KNO IT!!!!
If it all goes well Wednesday, I will have a contract for a brand new home! Getting kinda surreal not gonna lie!
Ask the universe.
“: You understand me my friend ..” ~ Yes on a deep level. You get me naked in my dreams with your wiles & will
You're a good person.
Starting a band today - we either sound like Venom doing Hawkwind covers, or Hawkwind doing Venom covers. Can't decide.
Thank you for the follow.
“: oh me too! Especially after staying up all night :)”Oh yes
oh no. Good luck Keith!!
who said bitch you wasn't with me shooting in the gym. Lol I know that.
done xo :)
U put hardware cloth down then lay window screen over it b4 adding soil. Screen prevents dirt from fallin & HW cloth allows drainage :)
I can't see the conversation so I'm unsure of what's being said, but I should warn u, I'm not fond I rude peeps.
we would like to stop by soon to get some pics of the cubicle art we did for you awhile ago. When is a good time?
I really hope my mom didn't ruin this for us...
Fox already has! "Are low gas prices BAD?." oy
Join us at the Western Branch every Monday in March at 10:30am for Storytime! Ages 5 and younger.
I think i’m starting to like The time that we spend and when its building inside then i can’t pretend
lame, haha go enjoy the great outdoors
HB! Come by for dinner and get a free t-shirt for your birthday!
say hi to Fa v rah for me. ;-)
cant wait till the movie comes out justin me and r gonna go c it!(:
you know the warning on the shampoo which says "May irritate eyes"? My brand can change theirs with confidence to "Will irritate eyes"
I Have A Dream ~ Martin Luther King. We will always remember what you stood for and how you changed America.
I think I'm officially obsessed with #FrozenPlanet. you with me?
Yeeaaaah bitch show the crew luv
Titanic on the big screen again in less than 4 weeks.
saved you a bagel lol
sorry for the delay Remi. It will be real soon. I promise!
day off for moi so maybe catch up on dvds I got x
RT : Being money hungry is great but being money hungry and you not willing to go get it yourself makes me not wna fuck witcha.
I am now, thanks aly! That means a lot :)
With all the downer school news... I've got a win for one district. On your 4 Oock News..
What the heck is wrong with traffic this morning?
:) I'll Follow right now!
I can't believe I laughed at this! ": "Whitney's Dead: Charlie Brown" will air tonight at 2am on #ABC"
I see secondary since there hasn't been a huge run. Although if Ted sees a gem on the line or at RB he will go for it
Made it through the first round. My contract for the Miss New York Pageant is 22, yes 22 pages long. FML loll
No haters in #BBN! You r superhuman but still human, not machine. We proud of you! First regroup, Next ,
Wish I had Someone to Talk to.
Sad tweeting from my kitchen
he knows it's true. I said hey to you at lakeside the other day from the car and you looked confused
S/O to that dude The kid can cook a mean burger.
I'd so go on "Money From Strangers" if I ever had the chance.
just read an article about the "day-glo" rave. what the cheetah?
Thanks!! I start Monday.
is most certainly "copacetic"
even though we got cut on line after waiting 4 u 4 10 hrs it was still worth it cause i got 2 c tht smile in prsn at the view
#greatnessIs achieving something after everyone told you that you couldn't.
The origins of culture developed from the stories we tell ourselves and help us define who we are
God makes the incomprehensible a reality by empowering the unlikely to do the unconceivable. More tomorow at Main Street Church 8 & 10:30 AM
She that deal :)
The Hudson is NYC's #1 indoor/outdoor venue. 2 separate sound systems, strong drinks, & sexy people.
Who's online RT
fans gave us moment to remember at end there. Entire stadium chanting "Na-na-na-na,goodbye." Arrowhead days are ancient history.
Calling all ALPFA Milwaukee members! Brief meeting Monday, February 27 at 8 pm. Union room 143
Can't mess with going out if it's gonna be raining like this.
According to the AP, Hoyas have hired longtime assistant Keith Brown to take over women's bball program.
Nobody Now-A-Days Understands The True Meaning Of A Hater . Or The True Meaning Of Being Fake . Too Many People MisUse It
Problems we all have! RT : I can't decide which scarf to west today....
great stuff
yayyyy so excited to hand off to you :) love you too!! Let's kick some ass
Nothing on tv day 2.
Sammy buddy! I am super sorry been so busy the last few weeks its crazy! Email me all the details @
your last tweet <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
dont look at me crazy when i tell u where the cash aht!
I asked Google if they would do it for their dataset. Not sure what they are going to do.
It's 1996 playoffs all over again!
probably WGI copyright complaints. Thanks for wanting to watch though!
I would love to listen to a podcast that is all about the world of G.I. joe universe just saying :-)
judging by your tweets you still are drunk.
that's good haha(: I missed you!
Is the other language sed? I think it's sed.
I trust you until you give me reason not to.
Just said goodbye to family starting my 2495 mile bus ride to Washington D.C.!
Kick some Spur backside today!
RT RT What are your short term goals?
your welcome.maybe it will be developed into social networking product like suggested in google session?interested to see!
Howard: "Hey ma, can you rent me a tux?!" Ma: "A tux? What kind of sex are you having up there?!" #bigbangtheory <3
Badgers lose contain | Kafka runs for a first down | Big play for NU |
I'd love to! I just sent you an e-mail.
it's my parents car but yeah i do!
lol omg I wanted to say Hi, but yeah it was kinda awkward>.<
I go to USC what do you think the actors here are missing?
I prefer moes over either of your choices. I am opinionated too!
Folks are so messy
hey hun how are you?
I may not be a mom... But I am a human mommy to the three best kittens alive... I love you Lizzie, Swisher & Tyson :)
Today , enter through the gift shop!
we would love to have you! Please email and she will get you set up. See you in March!
Very Upset. Poor ball possession and no counter attacks along with very bad ball clearense from the defense.
actually much more working on energy stuff than rockin at this point! What's goin on?
it's about damn time you got on here!
there are some further-out areas that will be available, but you'll spend more time walking than you'll save driving.
- you take sum meds ???
So excited for 's intensive this weekend.
looking for boardwalk, short line, pennsylvania, ventnor, kentucky, tennessee, virginia, vermont, mediterranean. Have everything else...
Happy to be composing music with Rufus Cohen for Lisa Nevada's solo piece.
Our DP Mike was nominated for a student Academy Award for his film Dignity Harbor!! Way to go Mike!!!
CAREER FAIR TOMORROW! 9-1 @ Club 101 at 101 Park Avenue, New York, NY. 50+ companies that recognize the qualifications of Berkeley students.
is on Twitter? How did I not know this? To anyone there who still remembers me: Hey!!!
Sad day in my home state right now
Hey how many followers do i have
Of course! You are our buddy!
ROB GOT A DOUBLE HJ FOR MY BIRTHDAY
We drank, we fought, he made his ancestors proud.
I can't comment becasue my mother once told me if you don't have anything nice to say, don't say anything.
Thanks for sharing ;)
What's your favorite print ad of all time?
I can tell!
Having REALLY good stuff on the horizon is very stressful sometimes! Thankful for stress today!
Happy Birthday! We're so glad to hear that you'll be celebrating it with us. Hope you have a wonderful time.
Y.O.F.O = You Only Famous Online
RIP Joe Pa!
haha I know
watching Girl with the Dragon Tattoo...this better be good or its your fault :)
Great show tonight the sag awards is the best this why i love this business
We got about 165 new followers since yesterday at around 8 am #SteelerNation Gettin' it done!!!!
Hey, who is this Sonya on the twitterz? :) RT I did just barely. It's a date with
No. Not at all. Have you started to warm up to Matt yet?
Looks like you need to pay someone...
“I never leave the house without applying lip gloss first.” #TargetBeauty cc:
I'm ready to go see Titanic a second time.....
Its hard to believe but the evidence is out there.Ima send yu a video frm youtube that will explain things better than I can.
well I don't know about nada being the same w/you,haha but drinking Nos sure isn't as much fun
Forgot ur a fellow U2 fan. Nice.
That's great news, the rest should soon follow.
Why have efforts to organize a mass revolutionary movement over the last century failed to produce a revolution?
Am i doing something wrong? Link not correct
24 S01 E05: Bauer's daughter is the dumbest living organism ever discovered. How are you still not free? Shoot her in the
: yes yes. Got a bottle of crown
stop tellin twitter u single
wow i can't believe it's 8pm in vegas over her 11pm
mane its like jumping trying to see him i dont even seem him at much as i used to and its pissing me off
was it? i was thinking about going
my favorite headline of the day "Lady Gaga wears another meat dress" HA!
Like at 6 i think.
r u a fellow snail fan like me? Ha2
Watching baseball with my mom. Something we do well together.
This Saturday, Dragonfly Nightclub, Harrisburg - PA!!!
party in Spacc's room
Can't tell if im nausious or anxious. Wtf.
Vacay reads: Carry You Back to Me, Art of Racing in the Rain, Lovely Bones, Every Last One and a short story- Betty and Veronica.
David, Arie, Nate, and Ryan
Marriage equality bill passes committee! Happy Valentine's Day!
Deadspin, eh? Trivia: my favorite pro sports team is Washington Caps. Sadly, not doing too well at the moment.
#TopTech really want that iPad- black n white swing skirt 10198
forget it... saw the last post...
late again
Ok, it's seriously time to start planning my birthday bash! Less than a month away till the big one!
hm Is cutler still 'famous'?...But I think anyone can
yeah :( losing game 2 sucketh in a biggest way
Real thugs moisturize before bed. You're looking at a real Thug.
Finally watched Cowboys & Aliens. Visuals and audio was great, the movie overall was ok.
#ThatsLove RT : I wanna go to States on Saturday to see HVT boys run !
got u guys
You are awesome! Thanks for mentioning us =)
How on earth are schools going to know how they are performing if parents get their kids tutored privately?
2 arrests made (non students) & third flood flooded to the second
Thank you for the retweet, Delinda! Very much appreciated!
You're welcome, thanks for the weekend #follow!
I would pay money to watch Robbie Keane and Roberto Baggio have a 'shank off'
Community Calendar
BOOM goes the dynamite baby!!!!!!!!
Every time you trust someone, They show you exactly why you shouldn't .. -_-
Let's talk: What brand of camera do you use/like/prefer?
...you're my jet setting hero!
The crazy years. 1920. Paris
Yes, I'm in Pittsburgh. Right now. :)
looking after the boyf and making him dinner and washing his clothes at this time
“ Nomophobia is the fear of leaving your mobile phone behind and 66% of us suffer from it. We also check our cell phone 34/day
Did it! First retweet of my life ...feel special lolzzzz
I need britney's flawlessness rn....
is manufacturing wholesale & catering.
I'm a Christian.
Well a bird just destroyed its face on my window
I wanna go get a 40 oz. And drink myself to sleep tonight. I sleep so much better with some king cobra or Mickey's
Dreams of thunder and lightening. It was very very frightening.
Thank you for the RTs!!
Sommelier - A highly trained wine professional, specializing in all aspects of wine service including wine & food pairing.
California... Because weather doesn't have to make sense... Right now I am standing in Bright Sunshiny Rain...
6 Curb Appeal Ideas to Make You the Star of the Neighborhood
I think I had an alergic reaction to something I ate. Feeling itchy. Weird.
That moment where you realize you can pause in a 3D videos. And its still in 3D. Mind=blown hahaha
is already taken. We will switch to next year. When we switch, followers are unaffected.
#WordPress #Tools Custom Admin Menu – Gives you the power to rename, hide, or move just about anything you want in the admin area.
Dammit Bravo why do you have a billion commercials on your ondemand now? I just wanna see OC Housewives!!
i would never lie to you Nikie like that ex best friend you told me about who would like criticized u on our hero
Generally it's publishers who place place restrictions on depositing works in repositories. Some repositories are subject specific
lol no thats next years potential plans ell came up with
she git dirty like
RT Dont forget to vote for my video 'drop on by' @ www.gactv.com; - just cleaned the showers. Doors open
yeaa okayy lmfaoo I love how he is talking shitt but he's such a puss Himself !! Lmfaooooooo wack ass!
Back in the states and it feels so good :) Israel was inspiring to say the least
Not a whole of info on that run, huh? Maybe we can talk them into moving it to the trails? :)
blah....I ran out of space, this is no fb for convos lol
Candid Lyrical Volume Shows the Way to Hope and Self-Discovery - PR Web (press release)
Awww. You're right. I left our your handle AND an authoritative, scribbled signature. I failed! I failed!
S/o to for not knowing how to give the silent treatment
Interesting. So the Kuna bailout (or NON-bailout) IS on the legislature's radar screen.
THIS JUST IN: Tonight's 10pm format is Battle Royale! Don't be the last kid on your block without a reservation. 259-9999.
Reality shows ain't real
oh cool, CJ practice tonight. how awesome. can i just throw up or......?
The ones u can depend on are hardly around.
The do's and don'ts of NBA all-star weekend. www.tncnews.com
#phillymarathon Run! Run! okay you can walk.
Terrence, thank you for the follow.
If I write a thousand words, I get two pages & if I write a thousand words for a hundred days, I get two hundred pages. #oscars inspiration
why all men now smooth shaved pubs like us girls???? love it yes boys
Don't forget Art Spaces. "Art in Nature, Nature in Art" Gallery TODAY 5-7p.m. (via )
You know youre a redneck if youve ever watched Jerry Springer
85 minutes of twitter and my ipod
HAPPY BIRTHDAY <3
Too ADD for the gym right now
Yes would love to work on referrals.
Social entrepreneurship is definitely evolving/growing. A must topic for 2013. Thank you Scott!
RT : A careful driver is one who honks his horn when he goes through a red light. Henry Morgan
Sgt. Johnson, he knows what the dead alien scum likes.
loved your radio time today, good to hear real opinions...keep it real
okay, I miss your braces, but you are so much cuter without them! #followmeaustin <U+2764>
2/yo daughter spills water on table. After telling her not to do that, she promptly goes to her "timeout" seat.
Watching "The Day After Tomorrow" on air. Come help us rip it. ZenLive.tv
Congrats! Enjoy the show, I want all the details.
Best show for me in Vegas was people watching. Enjoyed the poker room at Loxur. Well back at work.
no :( my friends just lik to go out a lot
From my soon 2 b 13 yr old. "Mom, I cut my nails all by myself!" Phew, was wondering when I'd be free.
Come on over to Barleys Bar on 15th. and Cuming. Grab a #beer and a #cws T from your old friend Piv.
We always have great music and great people we are the only night club are way... Come check us out !
ok Jeff, if any of the Network pro bowl trip winners didn't claim their prize, I want dibs please...ready to go today!
How will the game time change on August 13th affect the #Brewers Block Party and Autograph day?
Don't call me a cheese leg
Hell yes! Love it! “: tweeted me the other night I know you got a pic w/ her but I still felt special!”
Librarians jump into youth media like says
I could have sworn they won two series in 95 in five games lol Stupid false stats.
excellent bfast w talking about #dctech and her business ideas
yeah that sounds like every wild fan good catch man
"what's your favorite cheese and why" boom!
lol that regional thread has become a ghost town now
Riding with them hammers couple youngins lost they in front of they grandmas. Trynna play with hammers.
even though i miss you...youre still not missing me
just the way you are
so does this mean the Colts are going to draft Robert Griffin I?
PLEASE STOP TALKING TO THE CAMERA AS IF YOUR ON PEEWEE's PLAYHOUSE
Hello and thanks for your RT.
“ Naught That Put Her Ugly Ass in My BIO.”
the "traveling" dance. Hilarious.
this years SB was as bad as last years national anthem!
Show date announced! 1-15-2010 @ Mr. Smalls! Visit YesterdayRocks.com for more details.
not before my back was blown out
as long as it wouldn't be like a changeling I guess, but it would make it more obv it was a hallucination
Use the Good Neighbor Next Door program and eligible buyers can receive up to 50% discount on the price of certain homes
#ASTD2012 moving on to four seasons 1. fun and games ahead!
ha! I will gladly dj your presentation. Giiiirrrrllll I'm going to rely on my Baltimore stories and pictures
LoL... he's been stalling for 30 minutes... I'm curious what he's planning to do for the next hour and a half.
You should hang out with my friends and I! If you have time...
Unsubscribed to some email lists because now I have latest posts in feedly so if you noticed I did, it wasn't personal.
shut up Braden!
was thinking of word for my analogy in my thesis conclusion. the word? rhizomatic. first time using it since explained it fall07
hahaha yes! “: Titanic 3D, What? Do they see the iceberg this time?”
oh I agree that there are other factors that impact people of African descent in this space and across generations.
It's Monday ! and it's May! the fastest year ever 2012! goodness !
Ladies night is tonight!!
First Friday - Featuring Two academy trained lifetime artists and agency art directors from Portland, OR
chloe im so upset that i was playing xbox and this person msg me and said im chloe moretz and blocked me was it you do youplay
At thee hospital
":awkward moment when your about to tell your crush you like him but he interupts you and says "you should meet my girlfriend.
U ARE MY LOVE, U ARE MY HEART. AND WE WILL NEVER EVER EVER BE APART.
My nostalgia for the "minimalist" marketing campaign of 1979 is strong. That's why I've stayed away from this stuff. Just me.
Why do you hate Mormons?
Maaybe :) when are u off traveling again?
GIVE ME SOME QUESTIONSS NAOOO seriously please :'c
Another dog on the bus. Can i bring GK on here?
This asshole thinks I'm stupid...
8 hours of sleep and a nice work out to start my day. I wish it was like this everyday.
#TwitterCrushOf2011 :)) <3 he's on my mind, all day ;)
aaahh ive been at work for 2 hrs. but now the clock says its only been 1 hr. i feel like a whole hour of my life just dissapeared into space
Rapid City puts one in the net. The refs don't waive theirs off. Score now 1-0
We'd love to see some pics! Have fun RT : Thanks for the #swag. Going to rock my new sunglasses in
Funny, that's what it tweeted after you asked it to tweet your response.
welcome home son.
Hehe of course i drew it:) but thank you! Appreciate itt just wanna make it cooler
Hey! Follow my sister!
I need to make a Super Bowl commercial next year. A friend just won a cool mil with his! It's a Frito Lay Frenzy in
WEBSITE LAUNCHING SOON!!!!
RT Like matter, love can't be created or destroyed. It's always there.
BTW, we really appreciate you speaking as part of our Ask the Expert series. This knowledge sharing is so valuable. Ty!
we can create a video before the opening to increase the marketing efforts?
Great parties need no significant preparation. It is all about the people attending.
if you send us the vid and the projects you want to we will take care of it. Sorry for the trouble
everyone should check out this band Forbearance
have a nest with 4 baby bluebirds with friendly mom & dad. $15 for my address.
I am love this movie
When a bitch whispers something to your friend sitting next to you about you & you're just like "Da fuq? I heard you dumb cunt."
Holy Jesus oh my bob I just met and I asked Isaac to make an #itgetsbetter video and he wrote it down!
Wow... Way to kick off the Q&A session
I too am inspired by you and your talent and courage. You are terrific!
Holy crap, the Blue Line is flying. Where was this in 2008?
That's like everyday in my house... lol :)
this sucks and is BS. Teams are going to target him now!
There's still an hour and 10 minutes to win 4 museum passes and $50 bucks at Weissbergers!
thanks for the FF ... i used to know what that meant but have forgotten!
love you so <U+2665>
great article on theat windows. Love your points on data-driven decisions. Would love to chat about analytics we run for films
"People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well, neither does bathing - that's why we recommend it daily." - Zig Ziglar
Ha! That would make sense. Sorry that I didn't pick up on that! I had one of those "more-power-to-you" moments :P
extremely hungry and I need some food cant wait for my stepmom to feed me...
For those attending the NACUA Workshop this Friday, don't forget to sign up on-site for small group dinners to meet your colleagues!
(downsize when decrease in demand) another thought... increase innovation create new demand.
No Hands by Rocka Flocka Flame
Bynum doesn't step up &help on Young's dunk-In fact he backed up-& just cherry picked for a dunk.Ton of talent-no mental toughness or hustle
Downloading songs on my Iphone ;D
that's on mike brown. His defense 2 weeks ago vs. Durant was spectacular
“: Debating if I wanna go to Brew city or not” you do!
ugh, I gotta get off. k, Cody owes me an answer later (;
u saw what happened last year and this year when they feed the beast. Just wait til zbo a 100%
come come now, you should know I have a copy ;)
Happy Opening!
congrats on Ebony's power list! Found out today I'm on it too for my work on sickle cell! Yay!
As long as he's not a "painter." :)
RT : Level 1 "snow" advisory declared in Butler County because of hazardous road conditions:...
Here on time today and looking forwared to chat!
Poking a chick on Facebook is never enough I jus wana fuck you , fuck you …
But what to get my gram, mother, and girl? Idk for sure
do you know of elementary school social studies teachers that use Twitter? Looking specifically for teachers in Kentucky
don't worry about that as #Weeden will start week 1!
There's a few people in striped shirts in Pittsburgh that should lose their jobs within the next couple minutes.
Nah, I was talking about a bodyguard/security here in Detroit Not Sean Kingston
hey fellow worker, make your way to #occupyrichmond the folk festival will be in town!
Venice can wait, I'm off to Berlin
Don't give them the ammo, so that they can't wage the war.
for sure, I really hope to. Hit me up about anything! I'd love to chill with you dudes, and MCMS too
Can a girl stretch in peace please?!! sheesh “: you turning soft now. Lol”
“If you can’t feed a hundred people, then just feed one.” - #MotherTeresa |
Nevermind, I see in your avatar that you are a Giants fan. Ha.
Nuh Uhh... RIP Drake is trending -_- Don't Even Joke About My Favorite Rapper Nigga -_-
Thanks, lady! Hope you had a great holiday! :)
Connectivity--both digitally and as Philip says "using the oldest social media--talking person to person"
Mayock is a knucklehead! I am happy as hell we got Perry!
What a wonderful thing it is to be sure of one's faith How wonderful to be a member of the evangelical church, which preaches th
ha ha. Why in the world are you watching it?! You seemed rather predisposed to hate it...
I love my life!
thats true...we need to have a little get together sometime!
How was the surfing up in Brookville? The river had a bunch of debris this weekend.
The big question is "How do we fix the housing market"??? Ask me and I will show America how. This is what my presidential campaign about
So full , i can't even move !but I Can't wait for leftovers :) my favorite part !
- Well, hello! Thanks for the follow.
Haha that's classic..
ddnt mak it to the World Hip Hop Dance Championship Finals :'( watever im still supporting u! I will forever support and love u!!
Definition of Statistics: The science of producing unreliable facts from reliable figures
Turning 19 on Saturday can't wait just think in two more years I'll be 21
Matters like Bountygate...which are directly related to brain injuries. Why do you think Goodell cracked down so hard?
Why do privates park in general parking and generals park in private parking?
I see my fated stars in your eyes. They melt me like the sun does snow
Date with the boyfrwann this friday:) The next 3 days need to go faster!
We are on our way there now
MJ pandora is killing it right now
Fell in love with again today!
90 Ch Léoville Barton (2of2). Classic #Bordeaux nose of cedar, graphite. Stingy notes of tobacco, cherry, cassis. Keep waiting. 92 pts
Well said. I just hate when people say "We gotta make him do the right thing." Always gets a big eye roll from me.
Ppl wonder why Pgh has the US's friendliest drivers. Easy. After dodging potholes & deer all day, other cars seem downright lovable.
sick! we love those dudes a ton! Are you coming to see us with them at Amurica Fest?
ESPN guy just ranked the Niners #1 in the off season based on the acquisitions on offense. A little a high? I was thinking top 5.
came up with a radical idea for our music video. I say we do a mashup of Hold On & Superbass.
I'm fairly sure all will be good....right? yes, yes, it'll be fine.
My room is so hot right now <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A5>
I took that 6 years ago when I went back home for my 20 year HS reunion
Restaurant specializes in Mediterranean, Greek food
he's part of the team, but hadn't counted him because of his inactive status. To be more correct, it's 30 official & 1 inactive
While transcribing Spener I came across Coloss. 2.8 & this word: st<U+03BF><U+03B9><U+03C7>e<U+1FD6>a. The KJV says "rudiments." M, interesting.
Cranking up the volume on the headphones... What the hell just happened???
Any of you guys bloggers? Help us out by posting our music!
Im ready for you . love you! Lol
RT: If I give you my heart, be gentle.
psh, maybe just a little..
This guy, I swear ... RT Nashville has a Wacky Waving Inflatable Arm Flailing Tube Man out their arena
Today is Everybody-Give-A-Long-Speech-Day in the Ohio House, AKA "Wednesday."
Clock management, McCarthy?
#FavoriteClothingBrand Forever 21, Polo, Tisa, Urban Outfitters, American Eagle, H&M, Zara
This summer is gonna suck..
im craving some korean soup!!!!!
you're pretty dope with the music
Progress always involves risks. You can't steal second base and keep your foot on first. Frederick Wilcox
if I sold my winter album for $5, 3 (magical) tracks, as a fundraiser for tour/new loop pedal, would you buy it?
LATER ON MAN...LATER ON
Can you play Thats what makes you beautiful by One Direction ? and can you tell your listeners to Trend #Bring1DtoHawaii???
when I've seen someone reading This Book Is Overdue! by Marilyn Johnson, I've wanted to say, "I'm in that book," but I've been chicken.
LUNCH is the *new* breakfast - don't you agree? Join us today?
have you hit it yet? :D it rips pretty smooth, especially with ice :)
We had some nice rain last night. Perfect timing for fertilizing.
Staff of ATLA (booth 251)outbound ORD to SFO. Proud that some of our tech and pr staff are also religion/theology scholars.
Its a buzzin' here at Portland's Maywood Park annual neighborhood garage sale weekend. Love my Parkrose community!
we #adore both you two #wonderful young ladies! #cantwait to shoot RT : love ya too mama! Muah!
Up early, putting on the full armor...
WAIT WAIT WAIT WAIT WHAT?!
Anna Sun by Walk The Moon haha whoops. And ikrrr
CHOIR CONCERT THURSDAY AT MY SCHOOL 7PM BE THERE. haaha Emily...
hahaha says the man from WV. I for one enjoy country.
No official work out - lifted a lot of boxes.
I hope I'm running around like when I'm 65.
Great sasquatch.. Expect a pigeon performance next year!
Beanie wells went h.a.m. Today!
Meeting with FH Business Vitality Advisory Advisory Council then 530pm Town Budget Workstudy.
appreciate that!
OMG WE NEED TO VC WHILE IM MAKING MY VIDEO HAHAHAHAHAA
WeSeed Today's very own Carrie Long aka is now on Twitter! Welcome her?
Officially done with grad school ! Woo!
"We must use time creatively."
I don't have school tomorroww! :P
Some days you're the dog; some days you're the hydrant. HAPPY NEW YEAR to all. Catch ya next year! —Tommy Bone Digger
I miss you more
Goodness, I hope tomorrow is warmer than today.
Anyone still up ??
Just got done changing the oil on the whip
That's A Winner!!!
We put together a gift bag for 1 of our injured runners. One of the items is an OISELLE shirt. She's gonna love it. Very nice.
Kinda weird how that jersey is a "throwback" now.
if you let me here's what ill do, ill take
wow bro stop her, she better not be trying to commit suicide again >.>
Three fantastic classes this week leading into the holidays. I can't wait for the new year of work!
Arts And Crafts - Scrapbooking News
Yes it really is!
Hey Trelly! Good morning to you too. Yeah I'm on this :)
Hey Mike thanks for follow, it takes a brave man to admit he was wrong, best to you
. wanna dance tomorrow night? I'll be at on the main floor!
half the time im not sure whether to laugh or cry while watching your show haha love this show though
RT : Any web developers out there? I need one asap.>
LOVE it!!!!!!!!! I cannot WAIT for Wimbledon!!!
Pretty aft
Juniors wanna be like us seniors so badly. 2012>>>2013
The Dog the Bounty Hunter Christmas special with Dog's kids tracking down Santa Claus is AWESOME.
#imalexsgirl WELL.... DUH (;
Good Morning. -_- You should have a Guava for breakfast.
Need 1 more follower for me to get 150 Followers...
thanks for following. Happy to connect and follow you back. Have a fantastic week!
The absolute best thing to happen to me today? Getting to know better! Thanks, Lynn!
Fun time presenting at #TEDx Comcast today. Inspiring stuff.
Just had lunch with a good friend. Love relationships where it's been awhile but we picked up right where we left off.
Think about how much you are going to know.
70° February weather....LOVE IT. Tennis!!
"Be Our Valentine” Sun. Feb 12, 2012 Celebrate an early Valentine Evening at “little Italy” & enjoy “The Malea duo” – vocals: Malea * keys…
P.S. Laupahoehoe is my old stomping grounds! Chee-hoo!! :)
Texas weather is so wacked, one minute it's hot one minute it's not. Next its raining then its not
I see the future...the pain will be less this time...on the cusp of my b day...I'm going to make the next two weeks mine! Come Join me
ok u be followed
dang Jess lol
#Advertising campaign pitch tomorrow. Pretty excited!
I am learning many lessons at this time and thank you for what I have learned from you also.
Berrie burger in my belly. Thanks to Sarah for the fine service at table 10.
-_- im awake
Damn this was exceptional derby, thank you to all the lovely (and brutal) ladies of RCRD, thanks for tuning in, for RCRD this was Papa-San.
From what I understand...you will become addicted to it! : D
well you know...'if you like it then you should'a put an egg on it!'
Should the crazy things we do in high school be held against us as adults?
No one? No one wants to see a picture of my crush? bro. he's super cute.
The Colts should go for LaMichael James...
Read to a Dog starts at 3:30. Cutter is a true canine bibliophile and likes anything, even books about cats. Especially books about cats.
I'm soo tired...
Today I'm going to my ghetto former roommates garage sale to buy back the shit they stole from me
Happy mothers day joan! We love you <3
Oh, nice! That is seriously awesome! You like the Stellas?
Your hair looks so pretty!
Ugh, they bounced my big upset pick, #14 Belmont (Baptist). Bad day for Protestants.
Sorry to inform you.. CRIS Radio is doing maintenance today and there will be no
The series is tied and that's
Sunshine in my liiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiifeeeeeeeeeeeee
Dear Radio Stations, you know, there are more than 5 songs in the world. Sincerely, ANGRY listeners.
Tomorrow begins another week of working hard to save medical cannabis in San Diego!
Gotta love Veer merch
They also use leeches to bleed themselves when they get the flu...
Speaking if big pussy how are you doing?
not sure yet, it might be Thursday because it's Good Friday. I'll let you know tomorrow after school
worst coaching job in Thibs career. Blew it. Should have put in subs & not pushed Jo
I'd just like to point out the best Hank I album is "Lovesick, Broke...," not "Straight to Hell." Thank you and good night.
If you spend your life regretting things in the past, before you know it... you will have wasted your life on regret .
sweet dreams, make all your wishes come true?
It's Friday! Get out there and make today fabulous!
xo Whitney Diva
you're extremely blessed Holly :) May God bless you forever <3
Classic song."world in my eyes" and "halo" are my favorites from Violator.Love DM.
needs Stevie, Hank, and Elin back
Wishing everyone a Merry Christmas and a blessed, exciting, and fun holiday weekend!
Rick Ross New mixtape: "Sorry for the Weight" ... COMIN SOON.
Tonight is 's Midnight Breakfast! Starts at 10pm
Thank you<U+266A>
for some strange reason, men are attracted to trash
We used to make jokes about carrots, spoons and turtles all the time. I miss that tbh.
What else could I do? I'm so inspired by you. That hasn't happened for the longest time.
What are u doing now in baseball
metro pass?..... On promoting??
M14Skillz App is flying out of iTunes...get yours today!
Me?? Misbehaving ? Hmm? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Hehehehe :) i would love a cup of tea (coffee) ... Morning love
Sad that my favorite weekend of the year is over, but glad my dudes made it over for another awesome B1G Tourney
new pictures check em out mixtape drops march 14.....get wit da movement!!!!!
oh yeah!! We should work together in Stillwater <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Thanks for the plug! Appreciate it...
Shotwell : Chinese zodiac shows 2012 is the year of the Dragon
Don't change for anyone people who love you love you for you keep that in mind (; ~ Maricarmen
Need address 2 send...REAL BUSINESS REAL PEOPLE REAL VIBES...
Just announced!! Another show headed to BankAtlantic Center in 2013! June 13, 2013... tickets go on sale next Saturday,...
Nice trade with Jags for the 7th pick in the 1st Round and also gain a 4th Round
I had the blues because I had no shoes until upon the street, I met a man who had no feet. Ancient Persian Saying
Mo is the Man!
Smile in your sleep
TOM &JERRY
Que onda Fredo? have you recorded anything new lately??!?!?!
I'm about to hit the "proceed to checkout" button and heard there may be a secret BU discount. Are you the keeper of such wonder?
Brava! “: Google+ friends - I quit. Left G+.”
Is Heyman gonna be on Raw?
Bye bye new yorky. Was short but sw.. warm. See ya soon when the blizzards have returned.
I think everyone is happy with their life except me
Beyonce just served leftovers.
luckies they get to meet u . Sadly I don't live in nyc
From th desk of th Prophet's corner: A brief examination of ourselves is apropos. U will discover u r th chief engineer of wht hs manifested
I need 2 get me a swiss bank account
#TS and #VDI are both in the IT architect's toolset. We must be able to justify one over the other. "sexy" isn't adequate.
#thatakwardmoment when ur physics teacher forgets that he left his twitter on his computer & turns on the projector
RT : Thanks for the free trial online I learned how to greet the belluomos in Italian in less than 15 mins.
this team cud be dangerous RT : Marquette: 1-10 in their last 10 three's. My fear is this might be a recurring theme this yr
Dreams on dreams on dreams about this kid. <<<<
We are offering a special price of (regularly $25) for a total body fat assessment nutritional counseling. Call Luis 786.787.8487
Love this!! Woohoo!!
I'm So confused...and don't know that to do! :/
not going to lie I have a mad crush on you
the Secret Millionaire may be the best reality show on tv....
I'm bored too..
If you've never owned a pair of white airforce ones in your lifetime you're not a real nigga
I can't stop laughing about what you did in Latin!!!! hahahah
Blend Darjeeling Black Tea with Hawaiian Paradise Fruit Tea or Mango Flip Fruit Team for a special treat. Plus Darjeeling teas are on sale!
Parents having Twitters is just weird.
aww...thanks. I'm ok, just old boy drama that came back up today. Silly inside of my head.
Great...a new dog in our building sounds like it's saying HELP when he barks. I'm sure this is going to confuse the crap out of me.
Give us the tools, and we will finish the job
The movie Meet Joe Black is weird, boring, bad, and way too long, but at least it had George Bluth from Arrested Development.
“: goin to the beach .. bye” well my Tuesday just got more boring
So, is a person who enjoys traditional print as much as e-content considered bi-textual?
Only about 40. But we will get there!:) Wanna help and follow??:) <3
It's days like today when I truly love commuting on my bicycle...70°, sunny, with no wind...PERFECT! :)
big pimpin Jay z
you can do it
Next step: Facebook Art Project, followed closely by Amazon Art Project
can't pay attention when there's a dream to be lived
Hannah! Do you have a happy dance? All kidding aside, can DM us your address so we can send you this awesome tank top? Thanks!
Can't wait to golf and catch a tan the next 3 days
And I'm just sayin it's fine by me, if you never leave~
dijieron que no?
Arsenal goes up 3-2, that would put them back in third...
At Anime Detour. I am totally out-nerded.
Thank you for courage to come out & oppose homophobic bill. Your honesty sharply counteracts harm this bill could do. Bravo!
Definitely the Sun Chips and hummus. Yum!
Ordered a new #VWBeetle in Sept., have been anxiously awaiting & got news from dealer today that it's not available till May?
God to like a loving parent, ask for help.
#games Villainous Tower Attack
lowkey you did say before I came we could go to grant park lol but yeah so yo place Friday niggas get high
Independent music is finally in the strongest position it has been in years! Support the socks off it!!!
real shit ian gne make it in jail I know this
What a nice day today grill masters time .....
add me I'm always down for some sc2 fun! RTnirro
Still @ the scene, they just identified my bro man smh
Even If you can't possibly win, face the challenge full-on anyways. It's better to burn in brilliant flame than to walk away and die slowly.
5 Hour Energy: Most convincing placebo in the universe.
Screw you trampoline world... 2 1/2 hour long kid party & the parents can't jump AND you don't sell beer, I'm gonna bounce
I am crossing my fingers that this list also includes vests as well as pastel tank tops.
yeah you know me with all my lying all the time ;)
I know we Spanish girls know how to move to bachata!!!!:)lol
Thank You! Check me out www.reverbnation.com/jewallep
Heyy peeps!! ;) i hate rain -__-
Just heard Andre 3000 will be playing a role as "Jimi Hendrix" in a movie "awesome"!!!!
Because I outgrew Flintstone vitamins 2 years ago. RT "Why are you still eating gummie vitamins?"
That is the true experience of freedom: having the most important thing in the world without owning it
Oh sweet sweet fifa
Doesn't matter how many times I see it, the final episode of FRIENDS tugs at my heart strings, man.
Raise your hand if you just ate an entire package of bacon in one sitting then chased it with 4 eggs and coffee. Mine is raised high.
Nice! I didn't know you could do that. Is that of today?
That they do! lol
Stay classy, America.
Will be a guest, taping an episode of Dr. Drew's Lifechangers, with my good friend and producing partner Toni Staniewicz tomorrow.
We have 2 bottles left!
I need some power tools. Like asap.
Put a hoop up at fred rosee.. hit it up
you guys rock. can you deliver to camps in hawaii?
Guys love : A NICE ASS . Nice boobs . Short cute girls =] .
It is crucial to understand that all visas have expiration dates—Green Cards and Citizenship are permanent, not Visas
justin bieber.
I did the same thing! So glad you posted the error of your ways.
Yes, unfortunately, sitting requires performing a squat lol
no, not yet. it goes on iTunes June 5th.
Thanks for the follow and
you always said you'd follow me the end of the earth. Now I know it's true cuz U follow me on #Twitter. Back together again
You are correct. And that's a nice library.
I'm doing just that in about one week! It will definitely take the edge off the 11 day vacation.
#thoughtsduringschool i wish i was sleeping
"God can't save you from me"... The Rock -- Faster
Baby<3 I am so glad you have decided to go on Twitter<3
Shout out to on finding my beloved coach wristlet #yourethebest <U+E418>
hope ya had fun!<3
That always happens to me! RT : Of course my mom wants to eat at a place with a 50 minute wait <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
and there ain't nothing wrong with that! RT "Miss, liking your own Facebook status is like laughing at your own joke."
The diesel fumes from 's bus are freaking killing me. Like seriously? 3 hours straight of running. So terrible.
Yesyou you became boring I love you but come on I like to see u in a bikini spice it up
No love? Noted relationship expert Rabbi Sherre Hirsch is gonna tell u how to get sum on Wednesday 9-11pm(pst) on RADIOKOLAMERICA.COM
lmaoooooooooooooo u crazy
Ty Lawson's numbers in this game are unreal. 13-17 from the field, 5-6 on 3s.
An excuse is worse and more terrible than a lie, for an excuse is a lie guarded. ~ Pope John Paul II
Next round of results in! Mike now ahead 1,209!
Buy a random stranger a drink at
Why does my boyfriend rub it in my face everytime he gets taco bell.
Hate odd days :(
I guess we all have a line we won't cross...LOL!
OH, AND AND I HAVE DIFFERENT SIBLINGS! (Ryan and Luis? vs Lilly and Will). And I'm not as Asian as she is. I'm just Spanish. ;D
I'm heading to an event stuck in traffic on 90 and I look over and see a guy playing the harmonica while he's driving! That's a first!
Watched "Best In Show" last night and spent the whole time thinking about how all the dogs in that movie are probably dead by now.
George Michael still rocks the Christmas songs...
Is Keith Morrison real? Ooohhh my
I MISS YOUU. hop on the next plane to Florence please
There's one thing you don't know about me, my dear. My PhD is in... dance! ~ Dr. Cockroach PhD
watch out, will walk you into a brite tank
RT - #truestory at SFO waitin on a flight & there's a guy sitting across from me in a Cleveland #Indians jersey with a black...
It would be a great Mother's Day gift if the #HEAT take game 1 tonight
hah ok will do.
Trying out Python Twitter Tools, which has some nice cli options, and is missing some big ones for me.
nobody would share one of those.
it was in the inside, I saw police lights and stuff there earlier today or yesterday I can't remember.
that's why we're twins lol!
Lots of new photo projects in the works, including weekly new shoots with model Liz La Point.
WrestleMania for 2nd yr is highest grossing/most attended event in host venue - Grossed $6.6M, w/ 71,617 attendance @ GA Dome (via )
"i wont believe this lie i knw theres something mre inside when darknes is all u c this is our SWEET BLASPHEMY!" fuckinmakesmyday<3
still determined to watch West Side Story
Birkbeck loads the bases in the 5th, and Mirabella relieves him. NO further baserunners, but two score. Mariners retake lead, 6-5.
no questions on HLDI??? :) It's really quite simple...don't be afraid :)
So excited to be part of new grant for mobile site on History of National Mall under direction of Wow.
Dendreon DNDN stock up +7.50% for us today. Nice profits! Stock market experts baby!
lol..u r so mean
": Tough times don't last, tough couples do."
Because 9A and Baymeadows sounds better than I295 East Beltway and Baymeadows
of course
Have a great afternoon.
focal length and curvature.
It's been a while since I've been in Twitter jail...
well ima have 2 learn it real quick so i could catch up! :P Lmao, what yall do yesterday ?
I DON'T REGRET ANYTHING. But I've made a lot of life changes to better my future.
That is awesome!! Congrats!! :-)
Happy birthday could you please unblock me from r-rated Bieber imagines :/ it's been a while and i love yalls stuff. :3
During these hectic days of the season, be sure to take time for yourself.
i love that feeling. I had my MRI yesterday. will know whats up on Wednesday
Hear hear!! : Questioning authority is apropos. May Day at
bet fam ... im linig one up in my hometown now... but as far as a 'ville show still looking at venues!!!
Sean love it..give me a ring
email me that one
#30weeks 7-10 more weeks unless he who must not be named decides to come early.
"If it was meant to be then it'll happen," my new rule in life.
48 DVD'sburnedand mailed out so far today.....
Auto insurance premiums can be affected by your credit score.
music is my life:)
I contend.
I tell kids to pursue their basketball dreams, but I tell them to not let that be their only dream. Kareem Abdul-Jabbar
Ed, we like the idea!
I can get through 55 slides in 15 minutes, right?
Exactly! Good and bad are pointless! Making "Best" an archaic way of evaluating anything. For me, at least.
We have a new and easier age verification in our website. Thank you for your last mention!
One resume sent in. One candidate getting interview. Sr. C# Developer needed in #Boston. #Perm #CSharp #ASP.Net #Agile. #…http://
Thank you!
Never leave me
Almost left this house this morning with my slippers on.....got all the way to the car.
omg answer your phones you big fat losers.
Merry Christmas!! (: I love youu!
End of classes. 2 finals =cake. Time to focus on building myself as a product.
What is a reasonable price for having a flat screen TV mounted above a fireplace w/ a tilt mount???
Friends and lovers. Please suggest this sexy page to all of your friends!
": We need #BIGUGGLIES" yes we do! Who's the best available right now?
Clear cut & defined goals make the surrounding distractions disappear. Define your goals today as your life's mission statement -Zach Marcy
follow back please
Happy St Pats tweeps!
brb building an arc.
I've got an archive from back when I was webmaster - It's only four years old. Would that help?
do you have an oovoo?
Cityfeast Dinner about to start
Mexican always win over everything!
Talk to people you don't know... If you didn't you would never meet half the people that you are closest to today. :)
Sly fox
Ugh, I feel sick just reading that (couldn't bring myself to watch the video).
"But if you ask me I will go, anything for you But if you ask me I will go, cause baby I need you."
okay awesome!
“The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be.” - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Thank you love!
wmyb on the radio....just spazzed and scared my mom oops
If you live in or near Milwaukee, please follow !! They'll be giving away free tickets to the show soon!
Fountain Hills flags at half-staff to honor those killed & injured in this weekends tragic & senseless shooting. Time to heal and comfort.
we did a worksheet and watched a video.... -___-
“: Before you put your head on that pillow, make sure you earned it! #teamnosleep” I did !
Is it wise to court the man that all the girls want...
Such a beautiful day! Thank you everyone for following
THANKS to all the actors, writers, directors, and our AMAZING community who made last night's #dareproject possible! Great show everyone!
| Hope we can connect this week!
This Bulls Heat Game Wild
yeah!(: sorry or te late reply.
Everyone has a story, don't act like you're so special.
EEEEEEP so much to before technical rehearsal!!! Ugh favorite time of the year <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Winter storm watch 'til Tuesday. That's right.
Hi Robin. Is "Blue River" based on a real CO town??
Lol All closure is not good closure but some ppl just need it obviously
Keep on when your mind says quit Dream on 'til you find your living it I'll be right by your side
#justsouknow the time to plan to win is now
Welcome to the real word....
Us too! We make sweet music together. RT : loving all the shoutouts on lately :)
only fuckin with u cause you were the most ecstatically funky security guard i've ever seen in my life
Congrats Josh! Some where between Calvin Johnson & Mario Williams money, right?
In that weird "first day back after vacation" phase where I'm not quite sure where to begin with all things that have piled up.
haha ok D'Angelo please dont make me fight you
I may have read the hunger games books had I not seen the movie preview. WTF is so interesting to so many readers? Seems so awful.
Let's come together and make this world a jazzy place
Clarification from - 1 can't just go out & get ORCID. system still in development. Aspirational tweet
yes it does make me feel better, now i have to figure out the solution :)
In Anderson with daddy!!
Jamla Army marches to the hot beats of 5-star general, We salute you for your fight to preserve real hip-hop.
congrats! nice work! I love the story of Harriet Jacobs.
i swear MSM got an uncanny talent for finding the most random fools to put up there as authoritative when it comes to us...
Yay! Just got my new UGGs! :) now have 7 pairs! :)
talk that talk
<I agree with ya and hope you make it to Washington, it's time for some real change. Good luck and best wish's.
