I hate stucking in the Big Apple traffic! Cuz wanna hurry up & kiss my momma
when i get married im gonna hire u to scream shit in the background during the wedding
It is! I actually got choked up while reading it. I was a sophomore when he was here. Everyone loved it.
Follow if you've ever dreamt of hooking up with a model in a Las Vegas parking structure.
Enjoying your website. We definitely share some common ground. Thanks for connecting.
Glad I'm not graduating today
Tampa Tampa That Tampa FL life
"Click Logo To Enter Site" / "Click Logo to Enter 2001"
don't tell me what to do please
Hell, a mere fifty years ago I WAS one.
it gets even more indulgent: they have a variety that are cream-filled. Heaven help me!
Fuck yes David.
yes sir....we need fi link up
made a solid start on some awesome recordings with a great guy yesterday~thanks austin
Kobe got benched damn
Agreed. Torres should be banned for life. That was unforgivable.
Well, at least Snape got his moment.
a break won't hurt <3 feel better though bb. When's your last day of school?
Crosby officially in the lineup Thursday for the Pens
that's why there is room in today's movement for the malcolm Xs, Fred Hamptons and Angela Davises. Make it what you want it.
I wana get signed!!!!!!
if you eva need beats ill hook u up 4 free just let me know im tryna get my shit out there 2
Time makes everything better
yay you admitted it! :D
Business is business ! Don't forget !
. a vote for Walker is a vote against a future for my children
oh okay
Gotcha coming bro! In the lab grinding it out!
My sleeping son makes me feel very lazy..I just want to hug him and join him. <U+2764><U+2728><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+009F><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
Did you watch Friday's Jeopardy episode? What did you think about the gluten-free food category?
Oh no :( and well tell him I am mad at him then haha!
As always, it was great to have you all! Look forward to seeing you guys Tuesday!
Bad: lost Internet, Good: time to go anyway, Bad: 10 min walk to bus in wind and rain.
MT We don't create bright futures for #children by cutting meals, #health insurance, & #foster care. Congress #InvestInKids!
I wish I wish I wish I wish a bitch would!
Good job team
I still need to see Attack The Block.
Have folk actually read AynRand? She was disgusting. Put 1 of her books down a few 100 pages in during a rape scene by the hero
TY for including me!
I should just move into the library
Not that I'd want to. It's the Hawks! RT : Not even your mega rigging can be bring back the Hawks in this game
Well, I guess we'd look like schmucks if we didn't do it now. Let me know when you can talk.
Happy Monday from
good morning !!!
seriously my favorite strap now! Yup all cleaned up with fresh leather
how u feeling babe I'm good
Cannot have imagined a more perfect way to spend the night before graduation with the girls I started college with. Thank you girls! Xoxo
see you there! RT totes excited for tonight!
Unbelievable. A few days after moving to LA, I win the $50 gift card raffle at my 2nd home, Progress. Oh the irony.
I enjoyed it!
That's an upgrade. So Lion upgrade nukes your old Java installs. Again.
Unemploy rate drops again to 6.7%. Bad news for WI econ as hard-working #WI Ppl give up looking for JOBS in woeful walker economy
Go for it, girl! RT : new year, same damn central park hills
shut yo mouth
THANKS for supporting ! Love knowing that $3 for Nomad Play brush sold till Mother's Day will help vaccinate kids!
We dig Albuquerque! Many of the bands who play there leave stoked! Thanks Albuquerque!
The Energizer Bunny was arrested and charged with battery.
But I turned and walked away because I love you like I do, You're the nearest thing to heaven darlin' you... We miss you Johnny Cash.
what's the link?
ok and whats up with the louis/hannah/elonor thing?
definitely sledding.
Look everyone, peed his pants!
Oh, there it is: "I'm scared." Will that be the theme for this season?
I wish I had a choice in the matter. :(
you must have went soft on him then Chip
Looking forward next fall to hanging out with my 2 UO roomies
Excited about our Fiddler on the Roof performance this weekend
In the event you view an entire thing it appears that it is always wonderful.
At steakhose with no idea what to get any suggestions?
face the new day each day with Jesus googles. Makes every day a unique vision of grace, mo matter what age or frame of mind.
Wat it due get at me about wat u think of the Miami Heat after they lost last night
Q: Don't university attorneys need to be more educated on #copyright issues, since they're the ones making decisions?
Wow, I didn't get to see the first Good Girl video, and it's taking forever for the new one to upload
Mc Officer__ Please Stop Giving Me The Run around Don't You Know That's My Bby So Then Let Him Go
#lookoutjoe in mt. lookout is getting a new patio! come in, get some frozen drinks or hot fresh coffee, and watch the big machines!
I'm gonna climb over that Anger Wall of urs One Day...... And its gonna be glorious!
yessir fear beats optic
Happy birthday Dave
lol what that mean
Been listening to continuously for days now... Haha :)
Good 1st half. #dontchoke. Your losing right now!
Saw a demo of today. I could literally spend hours doing competitive research in that tool. I'm such a data nerd ;-P
From an actual breakdown: "Casting - Come prepared to be here for a while." Patience isn't a virtue; it's a tool of elimination.
No problem your welcome
Start by doing what's necessary, then what's possible, and suddenly you are doing the impossible. ~ St. Francis of Assisi
A lot of ratchetness!
See you there!
Who benefits from Hurricane Irene? is it all HYPE in NYC and or do we take precaution and let GOD have his way?
There is something very soothing about writing pages of ANOVA syntax and then watching the hourglass turn and turn as it runs. M... data.
Not so sure about Michelle Williams super duty peplum
sup friend you like it up there @ Ohio State?
Waking up before sunrise seemed like a productive idea until just now. May have to grab a 5 hour energy.
day 1 of my 3 day kayak journey across mississippi!!
my sister's doc just reached the 10,000 mark on
resend. The link's not there.
how about the people who can get free tickets
I have a gut that would rival Winnie The Pooh's.
staff is hired by the Executive Director, not board. The staff works w/ EU and US local teams, which is where chairs come from.
#ThePhantomEnnis VOTE NOW!!!
Check out my last tweet!!!!!
what you do today?
- Wow, so people are pretty torqued about that still, eh? Dunno about Lackey - It's easy to hide being an a-hole as a pro athlete
Wow, too sad. How to improve this?
me too!!! We can do it!!!! Heard I'm seeing you tonight!!! Yay(:
This #weekend is going to be great!!!
isnt in the belmont shore parade this year but we WILL b in the naples boat parade next Sat! look 4 us biking on h2o
so cool.. The best pleasure in life is getting out and seeing new places.
I LOVE ONE DIRECTION™
Happy Monday! Did everyone finish their holiday shopping this weekend? I only have 1 gift left to buy...
Knicks going down. Have to have Amare for games like this.
Ray Gricar, a DA who investigated #Sandusky sex abuse claims, disappeared with no trace In 2005, his laptop minus hard drive found in river
August Strindberg~ I love her and she loves me and we hate each other with a wild hatred born of love.
I know!!
Dangit, quit sabotaging me! ;) Thanks !!
Our OFFICAIL Twiiter Account , HOW EXCITING!! - Valerie ; Junior Company(:
Oh. You were referring to my pistachios, not your Burt. I retract a small percentage of my confused response!
whoops my phone didn't buzz. Six handed, maybe 7handed soon. Seat open!
Today I am #winning! Both the village idiot and his follower admitted I was right and that he was lazy.
i want some hot chocolate
"RT if..." No shut the fuck up!
dang she is cute!
THATS GOING TO LEAVE A MARK!!!
Please continue.
that was the hand of God right there for the tip in, you are great man! hope you meet with in the Finals.
You ever go to empty your shredder, and your hand slips and little pieces of paper spill all over the floor? Me neither -___-
So Sam Bradford is going to be that dude this year right?? He better be cuz i don't wanna have to move to new York or Denver 4 2 or 3 years
Tiered of this 9 to 5
*****Pardon**** Just saw that from DMs, I sent "Twit Validation" thing. **But I didn't! Don't even know what it is. Lots were sent. NOT ME
Darn you for bringing mama's peanut butter cookies to HQs today. Good thing we're doing so much walking!
your hearts big pimp god likes that
Congratulations!!! Ayumi signed with Basic Models this past week!!
NYC! Congratulations on paperback edition! Miss You!
hosts founders of Chances for Children to discuss their work with at-risk parents and children TOMORROW 6-8pm Ross Hall Room 227
i love you! hahaha
just got our Anthems in-stock!
Started vocal coaching a new student today! Really enjoying this! Grateful, Grateful, Grateful...
Hannity is a joke. He is an attention seeking disconnected individual. I won't drink the kool-aid he's putting out
Happy Mother's Day to the teenage moms out there. To those if the dad left her, he's a bastard and if he left you, he's a fucking idiot.
LOL!! I'm too frightened by that director lineup to even think about how those versions might turn out. YIKES!
Your Girl says Im going out with the girls 4 a LiL drinkEdrink later = My coworker might be gettin some pussc if the drinks R 2for1 tonight
Too focused
RT : !! RT : Don't resist life's immense abundance. Let it flow throughout your world.
Birth control pills typically cost $20 to $50 a month. You can't afford that? I spend more on ice cream.
I aint with the BS
#GetDaddyDirectionTo3Million he deserves it!!!! love you !!! <33333
on a 90 degree day, just had to make chocolate sun butter ice cream with dark chocolate chunks<3
I love "Do you think Chris Rock's real name is Christian Rock?"
hi honey how everything?
crazy weekend.
he wore the shirt i like on him todayy lol (:
yep :) got any guys in your life?;) lol
#stopkony the kids in Uganda already suffer enough.
19 mo old daughter convinced she will find Elmo in our UofC readings in western civ books. a great fundy question in there somewhere?
>>>I KNOW!!!! I loved the Avengers - the FIRST movie that I loved with my 18 and 25 year old that we enjoyed together! YAY
It's good to be home. Back to work.
Thanks pretty lady. You too! It turned out to be a jam packed day!
Have a great weekend all!
Guess so. Whatever you do over your career, try not to succumb to that kind of silliness. I enjoy your writing, stick to that. (:
I'm not unfaithful but I'll stray.
yea you gotta come thru again then.
are you graduating this year?
Lmfao, really? the way you're obsessed wt diz goat stuf. i hope u've nt done it b4
Loved, loved 's GQ piece on celebrity stylists, like Zadie Smith at the Oscars meets 's The Hollywood Economist.
I really do hate people though.
The world is a looking glass and gives back to every man the reflection of his own face.
ok great. thanks for the update, sorry for the earlier trouble.
If the Alien prequel doesn't have Charlize Theron screaming at Idris Elba "Where Ripley at String? Where she at?" it's a missed opportunity.
I MAY CRY A RIVER IF CUTE ADORABLE YOU DOESN'T FOLLOW ME TONIGHT IT WOULD MAKE MY WORLD AND BE A DREAM COME TRUE PLEASE <33333
ha ha ha
“: Larry Fitzgerald, 28, needs 857 catches to pass Jerry Rice. I'm not betting against him.” He'll pass him if he can get a QB.
do it for all of us
A good sound-bite but does each demographic agree "that's a good story"?
Just finished and sent the first of many post 2 am Figment emails for the 2010 season. Sigh.
Yes! Video will be posted following the game.
Happy new year kyle soon have a good year
...MEM has Rudy Gay back, so? SA has Manu back, and both teams are DIFFERENT than last year. Memphis lost good quality guys...
Oh yeah. NYTM is the coolest tech community ever!
We are working on some news to bring to you all, we'll see how things go.
some celebs in today watching )( x
Usually a good multitasker, but when #PLL is on I can't seem to do anything else!! Haha
Thank you!!! xoxo
Its so pretty outside <U+2665>
how much child support money did u get for that walgreens & fruit of loom mention?
Lmfao! That's the funniest thing that has ever happened to me xD
im not mad. ha. just letting you know, goober
Just signed up for , which I'm trying for my Mac.
w funky as the the the DOC
I forgot my phone at home...I feel like I have lost a piece of me.
I don't even care anymore. Oh whale.
#thingsThatUse2BeCool - that gummy candy that was shaped like watches.
#you know shit when you where gucci lx fendy and you sexy
#idRatherHave on some overhauls than uh shirt
Had a good conference with son's teacher. Great to see young teachers inspire kids to learn.
I totally respect that. It won't be for everybody and I'm very comfortable with that. I don't take it personally.
MASSIVE SHOUT OUT TO !!! #TeamWeirdo's
Happy birthday Debby.I love you <3
its brilliant imho
I'M IN SOUTH BEACH FL THE PARTY DON'T STOP
Digital Entertainment Ventures Seeks New Media Investments - NY Convergence
I'm at the 5 mile mark to cheer, and I'll ride back to the finish once she passes.
Follow back (:
yeah it is.
hell yea !!
Gary is irritable today. And fuck the third person.
Now I understand why people don't fuck with my music lol.... It makes since though.
#BurgMYT Transformed through awareness!
Sketch haha glad that's over
Hope you like it -- I'm kinda addicted! :)
My redeye flight here was full of high school kids. Despite how loud they were @ the gate, they calmed down on the plane.
RT Just heard someone say "she's got an online website."
I agree and let's be clear: I'm the fool who paid $40 for a bottle of CBS.
": thank you hun :) sending you some uk love x" we gotta visit Tia!
The windows of my soul I throw , Wide open to the sun....
Happy Nat'l Teachers Day to all the educators out there! How do you show your appreciation for the teachers in you and your child's lives?
be careful we want to see you Monday
Just don't call it Global Warming. The science isn't in yet! ;)
I loved Reading Rainbow too! No surprise we're librarians now :)
HOOSIERS ALL DAY
I can<U+0092>t thank you enough for this S%$# !<U+0093><U+0094>Mikey <U+0093>Biz<U+0094> Lopez Bronx, New York City
i am but i cnt watch cuzz im going to go stay with a friend tonight she has no internet....hope u post the best prank(s) on utube! (:
yes I know I didn't say this.lol
Drinking isn't everything.
also, with 4HR early, i think we got best of Gonzo, not like he was going to stay that 'hot' all season
Brainstorming for a new Youtube video. Any Ideas? :)
where are you seeing him?! Tell him I say hello!
Thanks Brit! It'll be a long few days but we're eager to put it behind us. Thank you for the thoughts
Hey thanks! It's the real Michael.
The best players across the MLS will be taken away from their teams to play the substitutes of #Chelsea (Euro Cup)
thanks for reaching out - the site looks like it's back up now!
Finished excellent conference on the "auditory turn." Wondering when all these turns leads to spinning.
why do you get like the best spot? Like honestly, i bet you know the band too.... or singer. Idfk
Hey, they're not even all that expensive. You could get two!
Hoping the 2nd half of this OSU/KU game gets more exciting.
Hey get at me I got an idea about promoting local fitness.
thx man, Hope all Is going well for you
LOL RT : Guys, bet a female that she can't touch both her elbows to her belly button. Sit back Watch, and enjoy.
really digging the new sound samples. going to be a great CD. he should have sung for creed.
and someday BF and Randy Moss will retire with a sum total of 1 Super Bowl ring between the two HOFers.....
Welcome to our area in advance! When is the big move?
last tweet sent error (heads are rolling!) M2 suspension was in march!
No matter how smart you are, your heart always makes you dumb.
Plenty of sunshine today, warming to 76°. Clouds roll in this evening with a chance of showers near sunset.
I just want to curl up with my Bella cat, and my mommy and watch old home movies and talk about life. I'm about that life.
Could you please follow us?(:
Hey twitter and friends
I'm going on a watch buying frenzy.
Im tryin to get my talk game as good as I swear that girl can get out of ANYTHING! LOL
The head of the US air traffic control agency has resigned after a number of incidents where air traffic controllers fell asleep while on du
I love being home alone :D
Sometimes I wonder why some of you retweet the things you do...
I've got my headlights on!
Working late again...Making things happen!
Dig vintage guitars? Then you must follow my new guitar shop!
is a dog killer xD
..but i will get it next time, the store near me just had a special on various craft beers, dragonsmilk wasnt on sale lol
I agree but I would definitely over use it.
mm-hmm...sounds like you're having fun :)
Calvin Klein black shirtwaist or totally precious sweater set?
Oh, I believe in us, too. :) But your comment provided insight to something I've experienced and observed.
going to see it!
Of course I am!
since your a teammate of Ryan will give you a follow .....hope you got to try our products
There were notes? Like I said, lots o' drugs RT In Punchline notes. Embrace cliche--I quote u when I teach kids
Painting is silent poetry. ~Plutarch, Moralia
I found your soul mate! "You never lose by loving. You always lose by holding back." LOL =)
Hey Bianca have you read the Hunger Games? :>)
nice new Hair color !!!
The new IndyCar from the back looks so ugly. They ruined that look.
I WILL TURN THIS TWITTER AROUND ARTEMIS SO HELP ME GOD!
“A promiscuous person is a person who is getting more sex than you are” -- Victor Lownes
Buffy- I abhor the ads that have pummeled me with Evernote. Hydra-like, keep changing settings, keep appearing.
lol really? Well tell them I said hello!!
it's still in pieces. We will see what turns out with a little hot glue and some creativity.
Kickstarter is almost fully funded...13 days left.
yea that's my artist cuz
Very disturbing article... but good to be informed - thanks!
Smiling is how angels Tweet
Reach high, for stars lie hidden in your soul. Dream deep, for every dream precedes the goal. - Pamela Vaull Starr
lol she called me fake the other day, she was inside the house and yelled it through the window
Overheard in the office: m, cookies and eggtarts. the startup life. :)
so in the moment! hahah
It is 9:42 pm and all I want is a coca-cola. I will not I will not I will not!
Thank you for the #FollowFriday shout out!
#youknowyouuglywhen you can't fit into themirror.
aint no maybe about it!!! LOL
Wow-1,111 followers-very cool!!!
“: I feel like I'm watching the Soccer of Football games.” the Chicago Tigres!
Amazing time meeting other support group leaders at the FAAN leaders summit. So many ideas I could hardly sleep last night.
I am writing a cool book with my cousin, Vampirates. Really cool book, will be a sucess internacional! very soon the oscar.
#MixedRaceProblems , Girls Hate On The Length Of Mixd Ppl Hair
Are music blogs killing the shelf life of singles? It seems like records that would last for 2 months barely last a week
The weather's fine and so our the Foster Indy Mart community entrepreneurs -- come see them today 7916 SE Foster until 7 PM
Auto-checkout. wins again.
Hey, thanks! I just checked out your blog - I have multiple favorite pens, too. Some may/may not be stolen from co-workers...
haha! You don't know if the alcohol makes me grade easier or harder
Just arriving at the House of Blues for the Young the Giant show. Very cool venue. Much like 930 club in DC.
#WeWontWorkOutIf your telling her the same shit your telling me
Agree with your assessment! ps I identufy as Catholic! oops! there's always the outlier...
Reuniting with the hipster scene residents and at
ok im a do it now
#B1GTourney title game getting intense
feel free to use it on one of your shirts!
You're welcome , thank you for sharing such an important message!
tony and yes we do mam
in case anyone was wondering im sleeping in bobbys living.bobbys on the ground and greg took his pants off...wtf is going on
I loved Holly in the movie where she played the crazy cheerleader mom!
Black people are like phones, we die and/or catch a charge
Nowak: Brian Carroll, Carlos Valdes and Sheanon Williams will take the responsibility to manage the locker room
When a girl stays up all night just to text you ... Treat her right.
": A bitch nigga that's that shit I don't like" excuse me?? You have no reason quoting those lyrics.
the devil is in the details!!
and my wife :)
“: Who's watching #interiortherapy ” taping my condo curtains up as we tweet.
pay attention in geometry and stop coloring!!! :P
The Paul Ryan plan. Romney's campaign. A bra without an underwire. Things that do not support you.
I did.....apologies!
I miss my high school days. College sucked, because i made a lot of fake friends. I thought college was supposed to be fun
Smooch! RT : Because I like you,I am going to save your life and send u a gregorian calendar (via
RT : Oh could be high up only one worth waiting for.
SO inconsistent. How is this different than the Ovechkin hit on Girardi? Either way HUGE game tonight! Go
please spread the word of kony watch the video please hes ben comiting crimes for 20 years join invisible children
Today's location for my "lost" keys: in the bag I was holding. Search time: 15 minutes.
No name rappers trying to big time people...
...to encourage visitors to share reactions w/eachother & the artists w/in & outside, during & after experience
Playing around with my new 32gig 3Gs Iphone!!
Don't ask for my advice if your not gonna take it Cuz when you realize I was right, I'm just gonna sit back and say I told you so
justin please folow me
Light up
ROY is definitely Kimbrel MVP is Braun Manager of Year is Roenicke and Exec. of year is Towers
what up JHole?
TAKE THAT WITH YOU!!!!!
I love my puppiess! ((((:
Naming products is really, really difficult. I think I'm decent at it but boy is it a struggle.
I'm not immature...I just know how to have fun!
I wouldn't go that far but I know a thing or two...
my mom acting like a jerk man i'm tryna go somewhere.
I'm on w/ a news update in one minute.
interesting letter. 2 bad has to b this way but I agree with 90% of it. At least Axl still has integrity I feel.
Hi Dan! I'm working on a version of Kindlegraph for signing at live events. Would you like to try it and maybe use at PAX East?
U forgot to tag me bby<3 but i know that tweet was for me but to bad hes dating parker.that kid is giejcsh <3&your welcome love.
you know where I can get a good American Tele??
Hope so!
"I'm not looking for a relationship." Dude, neither am I. I just want to have a nice meal and enjoy some company. Damn.
I just added this film to my netflix queue - can't wait to watch it. Thx for tweeting info.
yes it is! and off the team for 3 days. you have some haters girl
It's so nice to have tons of customers visiting the bike shop with such nice weather! See you soon!!!
In a strong relationship, you should love your companion more than you need them.
It's 5 on 2 basically, these "role players" on Miami be on bull, Chalmers gotta step up
Arevalos sentenced to 8 years and 8 months in state prison.
the tangy lemon flavor is partially made up from the sweat off the backs of their gay slaves. And atheists.
Made the 1st Christmas tree purchase of the year at the Home Depot in Cape Coral. Will be decorating in a few.
I think every BGLO Dean believes they deaned the best line ever. (Still mad proud of all lines in my chapter )
That kid is good.
my Momis imaging Fu if me
I heard rumors of and Amy flirting in the parking lot
I will do don't worry babes ;) loving our Skype call btw x
Our assistant band director looks like Alex Goot O.O
with so much yummy goodness!
saw it, loved it! Hope you found a date.
“: And ... I'm ridiculously early to the draft. a nice change: wired internet at every station” how's the food spread?
Ugh. Mornings on the campaign come too quick.
The registrations in Alaska are rolling in. They're rolling in everywhere.
The Taiwanese-American Jeremy Lin NY Knicks Point Guard and All The NY Knicks Team Beat out the LA Lakers I bet Kobe Bryant Knows him Now!
Thanks for the link John. Hadn't come across that one.
Beauty is in the eye of the beholder.
sii y me aburro u.u
Great time at the game tonight!
Glad you enjoy it!!! Well see you soon!!!
Today is the last day of free drop/add for Fall
you know the first cigarette and cup of coffee of the day is the best. Today is an art day... its all grey and yucky like panties... what?
pancakes. mandy-cakes <3
Perfect end 2 a great weekend 2night hubby plays me to sleep..#SimmerDown get ready 4 a new week & new opportunities 4 greatness!
its not workin on the hot new hip hop site?
Ernesto Miranda's killer got away with murder by exercising his right to remain silent. Awesome. IMO, Miranda rights need to renamed.
Stop blaming Ayn Rand and start blaming bad politicians and ignorant voters.
New periodical: zombie monthly.
General rule, if you shoot an unarmed kid and you have a gun, you should expect robust investigation.
cause I've tried writing a poem lol
#BSBCRUISE2011 I WANT TO GO SOO BAD. I will beg my mom to get me a ticket. Lol
haha I was just playin, we're going back in an hour. see you fools tmrw tho let's cheeel
hey I wonder if you see this.....Love you Selena<3
The weed guy is here :0) lol
Just pressed reply. But I'm very very sorry for the inconvenience.
o okay! im like no! haha
“: Hey LeBron, THIS is how you handle leaving a team. #Colts”
He was pimp slapping Shots, Beasting in the Middle....
New quarterback is WAY hotter than Kirk Cousins.
That's all 4 2nt, folks. Join me next week when my guests will be my Dad, Joan Embery from the San Diego Zoo & a 750ml bottle of Glenfiddich
This live 30 Rock is like a funny SNL
A colleague of mine just found a photo of someone else receiving a design award for her work... what would you do in her shoes?
Will be presenting our inspiringly cheap beam splitter at the London Z Axis meeting tomorrow.
Goddamnit UNC better pull this off.
A dellen is a small, indented region of the corneal surface resulting from constant dryness or dehydration.
Turned on the game as soon as the puck went in. Yes.
i wish we had another time i wish we had another place cuz im still STUCK IN THE MOMENT with you :) lol only in my dreams
One day you'll be old just like us. :P
I might be, keep me posted!!
If that's your thing check out Paul Newman in "The Towering Inferno." RT : Disaster porn! Disaster porn!
Very neat! I could see these as a great teaching tools in schoolyards!
tough guy!
RT : I trust that everone hate me lets see with how many ppl love me RT IF U FUK WITH ME EVEN ON TWEETERS ..... <---
Not going to happen.
Noah PorterThere is always room for a man of force and he makes room for many
couldn't have said it better myself.
Also, if this A-10 expansion goes through AND Creighton is included, the league must rename itself "All The Mid-Major Powers (and Fordham)."
Kind followers, please help me populate my expense report. What's good to drink in Louisville? And where at?
Very cool birthday I must...but what the hell am I suppose to do with 32
I've met Brian & Billy before...no seven degrees of seperation here! SWEET! Didnt know moms could be so cool!
agreed! Need to see you pretty
thanks for the shout out homies!
You think because you buy me things it just makes everything okay, but in reality it makes things worse.
Players refusing to play, passed balls, errors, wild pitches -- doors coming off in Bronx
hmm, i might title the right side "things that belong on an intranet because external visitors look for different things" : )
FEEL BETTER we love you
Hi!!! Still here, just crazy busy with work/family/life. All is well. How are you?
almost a long time since i've been on :/
looking god
I do... more legit lol RT : Who uses a CD player anymore?? Hahhaha!
The Books To Movies series continues tomorrow @ Gibson Lib @ 1:30! We will be showing movies based on memoirs. Call564-9261 for title info.
JK Rowling announces new book - The Casual Vacancy - and ohmigod it's about election fraud!
Yum! RT : "What's your favorite dinner the night before a #halfmarathon? #fuel” SPAGHETTI!!!
is a meanie.
wish I had a nice boyfriend to do that for me..... F u
The pipes, the pipes are calling... LOVE Red Hot Chili Pipers
great talking tonite. Thanks for all the compliments. See ya soon!!!! Big Daddy
Funny, I scrambled to find a pic from on of my trips to NYC. Then I realized I could just take one :-)
RT “: Dont focus on getting done. Focus on celebrating the successes of the year. #educoach Being not doing!
lucky have a good time
haha I know, we're coming during 5th cause I need to get my ass in 6th period for that test and for you. ;P
2 sick kids=1 long night and no sleep. yet they were both up early this morning feeling fine. what's up with that?
Def worth a watch through IMO. Wouldn't mind seeing it again myself... :-)
Free New Frontier panel at noon Thurs: Rachel Grady on how making #Detropia affected her view of the future.
heading out for another fantastic day downtown!!!!
its an kind of day
Holy active Friday... have a great weekend everyone, support your local race and the State Fair during this wonderful weather.
okay text me tomorrow then
A million things running thru my mind! I'm ready to give up:-/ everybody plays me out 2b da bad guy well say goodby e to da bad guy!!
Awesome. Where are all the instagrams? :)
Carlos Marmol, what the fuck is wrong with you?
“: Emma Stone was awesome&that wasn't easy to pull off. Most would have bombed. Winner.” agreed. Loved it and love her!
you make it so much worse by the shit u say.
10 are in a bowl, three fish live, five drown, how many fish are there? Stop counting people fish cannot drown!!
Im a seductive mo'fo. (;
gym time #p90x mode
Photography is like sex We think about it Test in the lab=masturbate Read manuals= pornography But nothing surpasses putting into practice
I say don't revise then. If it's that good .. why change it?
I've found only one ultimately true idea, you can never change/help another person unless they want to change/help themselves.
#FollowMonday Discover great reads by indie writers!
If Obama doesn't win reelection then he has my vote for best one term President.
New favorite show: Full Metal Jousting
Oh, and EBSCO pulled full text for Bentham content in February. A response to the "predatory open access" charges?
Yeah! Men at the corners! Bring Mather home Sori!
just downloaded on my ps3 guess who isn't sleeping tonight...this guy!
"your will power only lasts as long as your actual performance" xD we were talking about teenage boys hahahahahhaha
Got it. Thanks for the clarification.
It's 11:23 am, and i'm awake! shocking i know.
bro don't go there lol.
Buy 2 get 1 FREE Thirsty Thursday sale at www.lasvegashcg.com check us out on FB www.facebook.com/lVHCG
The reporters who have been covering the Republicaneternal primaries are tough, brave, amazing, resilient.
What a fucking terrible day. And It's barely just started.
'Tis an honor, indeed, to be the subject of so much admiration! Happy Valentine's Day!
I hope this series ends in 5.
i am sitting outside waiting to go into my 9am and i had a couple more drinks. you were obviously being dramatic. haha.
resident evil cuz she's taking more of a risk.
lol naw but I did make it to like 21 or 22 with Brandon once but ima beast in all aspects of black ops don't get it twisted
hey are you and the TAMI folks going out to festival in El Paso?
'twas going to rant at the description of #AdrienneRich as a "Lesbian poet" & not a "poet,feminist" but it's YOU
hey guys chilling here wit my girls and friends jamming
>> Theo will not save them man.
Officially had to upgrade our cell phone plan. I think I used up all my monthly minutes in a day for interviews after Obama's statements....
i know he should take time off to take care of his private business
#TwoThingsThatDontMix fat chicks and thong's
Got it on my schedule for this wknd...:-)!
White cake flavored vodka...amazing stuff; tastes like Baileys Irish Cream without the cream
Thanks! We look forward to hearing your presentation! :)
Good day twitter peeps
I'm a be a LEBRON fan til I DIE!! Point blank period and whatever team he goes to YOU damn right I'm going!!
Sir. SIR! It's a little early to be so drunk you're falling down. Hey Barista can I get one of what he's having?
Last class of the semester almost in the books. Post grades, clean the room, done! Time for College Football and Family!
On the Beat: Hey Monea! is top 10 finalist in Hard Rock Cafe contest
Normal people: Aww, they're such a cute couple! Me: I wonder if they fucked yet ! ISwear Thats Me llS'
I cannot *wait* to annihilate my bagel and cream cheese
we need to make a fight club in sac like the movie
Some special selections for you today...Lentil and Cactus Soup (V) and Chicken Cordon Bleu Soup...Yummy!
Where's your purple suit?
Jamie's win is living proof you can truly live your dream and see it come true!
MY FULL FULL ATTENTION WILL BE ON THAT GAME TONIGHT.
that picture u posted yesterday sis.
Jingle balls, jingle bells, jingle all the way!! Merry Christmas my friends! :-)
thank you so much! I'm glad you liked it! :)
SXSW over! Headed out for a gospel brunch and a show in Denton with our buds
Did you know we are working with the City of Detroit to help you do biz better? Have ?'s about navigating #BSEED? Contact Biz Advocate,...
Just made this Twitter on friday!! Come on and follow me! It would be amazing to get to 100! Send my name to your freinds!(:
All of us at Appalachian Granny's wish you the very best in the New Year! We're baking again, starting January 10th!!!
I know- must get it asap!
People too weak to follow their own dreams will always find a way to discourage yours. So stay strong believe and you can achieve
I agree—isn't "sales & mkting r 1" idea returning with surge in direct/performance marketing?
did you know that once punched a hole in a cow just to see who was walking up the road?
We sure do and we'd love to save the day! Just call 612.824.9100 to confirm you're in our delivery area.
rocking out to in the car with !!!!
Art and science most clearly connected at the youngest ages where kids don't distinguish between them as much. How to keep that going?
We're about a month in & I can feel a difference. Shaved time off my run, seeing a tad bit of muscle, and this booty is lifting!
Yo is your ankle feeling better lets go longboarding tonight
omg she did that to me before lmao
Our season of staged readings is coming to a close--only 2 more left! Don't miss the latest, a Pulitzer prize winning drama, on Feb....
This exhibition is about how Native Americans keep their heritage alive. What do you do to keep yours alive?
Okay so im trying my best to put a picture of me as my avi but these apps be on crack geesh smh<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
dunno about a collection..but she's got a pair.
And that's a wrap. Now for the wrap party.
Love u!!
Everybody's watching to see you fall down #eyesopen #tayswift <U+2661> <U+2661>
Merry Christmas :-)
First film release coming in the next 24 hours and shoot next wed and thurs for our second film! Keep it up!
I hope Paris has been practicing
aw poor Kristin
I wish..... Nvm that won't ever happen
how annoying is that thing to carry around? You'll have to show me one day, I was thinking of getting one
people don't respect your time until you don't have anymore.
Drita held her own!!!
Yesterday I found out that there has never been a desktop computer in the oval office. Very disturbing. How do you do work w/out a computer?
ETCH A SKETCH MOMENT: With vote today, will try to wipe away past support for taxpayer giveaways to Big Oil?
I think Thanksgiving should be once a month..
My grandmother got all dressed up today. We asked her why. She was going to see my papa LGMH
Hope its all worth it in the end..
ask her out daddy-o
diehard 5! go make sure the guards at tiffanys aren't german nationals
Seeing my girls &
well, would love to play, of course. Love that you got Mr. Belvedere. Who are the leads?
Just got out of a test. Working on it now.
their tagline? If your on a ranch and lonely go to farmers only......its also their jingle
Always thought stafford was good but he looks ridiculous right now.
It's hard to be on the same page when you're reading different books.
TED Talks on NPR? In a word, awesome.
Um hearing & seeing was kinda weird plus he said #Coachella ....either a nice voice over or old recording..but weird non the less
Why don't I ever come on this accoun??
Today I will be releasing my first of many playlists with a series called "Tuesday Night Specials". Look forward to it every Tuesday!
Man watching the #Celtics cook right now has me scares for my #Spurs chance at a championship if we are lucky and healthy enough to make it
Comfort + success are opposites. If u want 2 be comfortable, you won't succeed. If u want 2 succeed, get out of your comfort zone.
Should have known before I asked. Of course it was a #fugazi cover. # wildflag
Is he "blessed"?
Do you want me to rise or do you want me to shine? Actually i'm about to do both.
scheming with
Another difference btwn UM & MSU classes. #GoBlue (From my cousin @ MSU). RT ": My professor just told us he shits twice a day"
Kicking off Derby weekend!! Just landed in Louisville, Kentucky. With my parents & Rich. Can't wait to party...
haha, was real good. Now I'm craving Indian food--haha too random.
DC rent is more reasonable than Baltimore for you?! I think you're staying in at the wrong place.
I think I would have. :) <<hugs>>
Wrapping up the TWS-5 and am short 18 year olds for our midwest sample @ or DM us if you are interested!
#Knicks can still win the series! Nothing hysterical about that, just good karma!. #beatthecheat!
we'll see you in BKF soon!
But the world acts like he's the only one who's ever missed a shot.
oh and this one too.
If you mean my wife and I, yes, we definitely consider ourselves (amateur) foodies. :-)
FOLLOW ME BACK:) 51
Lots of great stylists w/appointments available last minute holiday hair, nail openings. Connect with a salon & spa appointmentlink.com
Same here. :/ Also, take a car nap pic.
i got some breakfast for dinner at Denny's and it was great
shit my new website go check it out
Started the day with the family at Alder Planetarium, now lunch
Re: current status roster: I'd really love to see Cousins over Chandler. Bosh is still a solid asset for the int'l game.
this new overlay-from-the-right trend is interesting, saw it first in Chrome settings, then new Facebook app and now Asana. Like it
Question for #assistivetech ppl: What are your must-have software programs for assessing LD kids w/ rdg/writing deficits? Getting started..
just made it to the house from geting choped
what a game!
Thank you so much!! I've been very lucky in the cover department. Now I have to live up to it! ;)
eating Jerk chicken while crying over some girls.
just got a round of shots!! Let's get this karaoke shit show going!
Took the better part of the day to come back from last night.
Nazarbayev&#39;s free-trade goal offers Central Asia a future
The Interactive Guide is fabulous. You can do the task in Office XP or 2003 and then be shown where it is in 2010. Cool!!!
there are 3 general features or crinw
Thanks for your tweet! Just wanted to let you know that 1000memories is a free site... we hope you give it a try!
Just arrived at Sundance with my new independent movie. Its so independent, I haven't shot it or written it yet.
#DYK? The Central VA #AMA EMMAs deadline for entries has been extended to Monday, May 23.
lol damn niggas can't converse!?
Check out BROKEN SMILE by the beautified project on !!
need 8 pts for a playoff spot. Pick 1: Kevin smith, Tolbert, lance Moore? Opponent is done. He leads 90-82.
“Learn from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow.” ~ Albert Einstein
#YouAllGetMajorPointsIf you smell nice (:
& stop yellin at me. :(
He says: "Dreams don't pay the bills." She says: "Neither do you."
check out my reply on Google+. Nice use of the work of !
If your teen receives a text/IM that says LMIRL, then they're talking to strangers. It means 'Lets meet in real life'.
dang it-I want, I NEED in-n-out burger in mah lyfe! why so far away?!?
RT : Former NAACP chair Julian Bond to visit #NCAT 4/11. 5-7 p.m., new academic building as part of the Distinguished Lecture...
A much needed night out with the hubby!!!
$49 monthly group class membership: Come try #yoga, mat #pilates, cardio or kickboxing classes all month long for $49!!! Dog Friendly
Yes caffeine - lets blame caffeine:)
good morning & happy mayday!!!
nm babe and you
Having a good spring break so far:) #noschool aha:D have a few things planned to do this week!
and of course RT who is the OSU Beavers recruiting person I should be following?
Ugh I want some weave !
what are you guy s going for? Is it at green lake still
Mike Schenk is kicking off Consumer & Residential Mortgage Lending School w/Economic Trends & Implications for Growth. Forecast: looking up!
The Jackson 5 are definitely one of my favorite music groups ever.
Is the show getting cancelled? If so, why?
Hey, thanks for the RT, ! Looking forward to #dhsi12!
The Silk Tie likes Sekou! you simply are the man!
Amy, are you thinking about doing another 30x500 course?
SBSUWNEKDGHEN. HIW DID THAT HAPPEN!!! I'm so happy! (:
Free John Jolly of the Packers! April 20: "Court date on drug-related charges stemming from his alleged involvement in a drug ring." -Yahoo
I officially hate his ass rs!
Wanna impress me?!? Jus b real!!! That shits rare these dayz.
I love it when great papers turn into discussions about pedagogy and what we actually do (or might do) in the classroom.
“: Just listening to the sweet guitar sound of Keep it up man your amazing and so is your music #nextbigthing”thank
I have a liddo bit of followersD:
I think your walks encourage a return to community spirit. Gets people out in their neighborhood, which is always a good thing.
We're looking for talented web developers. Any leads out there?
Have fun tonight at ib8!
~ Rocking it OUT.. hehe See you soon, my VJJ looks forward! Ha.. xo
I'm doing good, good.
Don't think I'll be up too late since I gotta reserve my room tomorrow...
#HereWeGo so far funniest Superbowl commercial!
I have an opening Thursday before 1, and one after 3 if anyone is game!
so pretty!
Off to SF to visit my sis Let the vacation begin!
"Liking money like I like it, is nothing less than mysticism. Money is a glory." ~Dali #quote...appropriate on #TaxDay!
thanks for the tip. Just downloaded the app.
Current treaties with Canada and Mexico require some coordination when channels to be changed w/in certain border distance
He's the Leader of the US, you Clown!!
2 No is 2 No suffering
sounds like a plan
MLC chose Zapf because she wouldn't let him take a picture of her at the Linda Vista Town Council debate.
Pretty sure has led me down the right path for this math craziness, ty Noah plz redeem this tweet for a beer (no expiration date)
I'm outta jail...
Yeah that nigga sickness super funny lol RT : This dude had me dying at the studio last night! Hahaha.nigga crazy!
Well, that's a shame.
#Twitter just like traffic, you don't know who exactly but there's always someone following you.....
The Ricardo Laguna Project. :o I think I'm in love. xD
go tebow im cheering for you and the broncos man!
Last time the Lakers faced a team that lost Kendrick Perkins to injury, it was game 7 of the NBA Finals against the Celtics
WElcome to sweetie pies coming back march 31st can't wait :)
What are ur fav things to do and places to be in #NYC? I need suggestions!
#JoeyDiamondFact joey has a canon rebel T1i
": Not gunna lie. I just got out of bed"my bed it was great
and Tp kept the team afloat when manu went down for a while
Show with our bros con the villain april 30th!! Who's comin?!?!
Good Luck today.
#groupon needs a lot of testimonials and online reviews before they will approve a merchant account. In case any small business wants one.
Merry Christmas, Happy Hannukah, and a Festivus for the rest of us! Hope your holidays are filled with joy, love, peace, and art.
Lord , is this the life you chose for me ?
i will follow everyone who followed me !
Hmm I find that Woot and Woo are different words.
Oh my goodness. They're based in Denver, but he is EVERYWHERE. Used to be big advertiser on KNEW/KSAN back in day
I brought it in!
Sure thing! Welcome to
what's your favorite MiO flavor? I'll bring you a shit ton on july 9th :) fuck yeah warped tour!
I bet there are some high dollar bounties on him. Where can I chip in? Lol
Shed a tear for Whitney tonight.
will you have donut muffins Fri around 8:30? They mysteriously vanish the Tues/Fri's when i try introduce them to others!
:) Nice win for the Yanks tonight!
Has magnesium which relaxes your muscles. Also do very MILD + SLOW stretching/ yoga/walking Teresa Y
you have no proof!
excellent point.
Could we still try going to the movies Friday? :)
All Watched Over by Machines of Living Grace
lie...you don't have a bad side :)
New Mexico Satellite Man also sells and installs local channel antennas! John at 350-6428!
I'm going to get a grape tattoo. That way when i'm old, it will be a raisin
I didn't put that in. That was probably Nate?
Happy new year to all my friends on the east coast!
you still have trouble talking whenever I see ya !
The Foundry tonight with Solipsist! Sold out show! Tag us around if you're going.
I used to be love drunk but now I'm hungover
Live&Love&Laugh Throu Life :]
Hate him SOMETIMES ;-)
Utah! Free haircuts!!! (I'll sit this one out.) RT Text 'Jazz' to 47328 and see what happens... You're welcome! - Anthony
#newpuppy I have an Australian Shepherd and a Shar Pei, big dogs for me too. :) Though I started with Chihuahuas.
We all have our junk, but my junk is you
fuck that, I only fuck with a bad bitch! lol fuck a good girl lol
I'd rather watch grass grow.
When you snap your fingers, the noise doesn't come from your fingers! It's your finger hitting your palm!
Yeah like Starks&Saine as well but running game was lame and Green was hurt bad as well.Its time to find the next Ahman.
Neef Buck-Boiling Water (Official Video)
deal. You are taking me out when I'm back
don't lose your drivers license
They Lovin The Crew
The PR Industry lost an amazing woman. Thank you for all you have given us, Deanne Roberts. RIP
How can "conservatives" in any state support these big government hypocrites?
hubby says hes not perfect so he doesnt have the right to judge me...r those people holding those signs so perfect that they can judge us???
happy birthday!!!! :) ur so amazing and sexy and talented!!! I love u!!!! 15
Tonight @ the White Elephant Saloon in Fort Worth, Texas - hope to see a bunch of y'all there!!
Do we need standards and a code of professional conduct as voice-overs? I'll be blogging about it tomorrow and I'd love to get your input.
Short first day, but got all my paper work done (:
not my couch darling, you should ask Geoff about that one!
Also, didn't the director write with his wife or daughter? Seems like there's more nepotism in italian film.
This year, July has 5 Fridays, 5 Saturdays and 5 Sundays. This happens once every 823 years!
Eyes heavy ready to take it down....GoodNight :-)
literally that article INFURIATES me. #Rihanna is the farthest thing from a role model if she gets back with that dirt bag
Heart rate should not be 80% of your max heart rate while working out during pregnancy.
i'm doing the 15k. Its a stretch for me but I think I have enough time to train for the 9.25miles.
Storm passing. No power since 7AM. Lots of limbs down (some big). None of our trees fell, yet. Plenty of batteries but no instant coffee!
#brb and salam :D
It was my pleasure, really. And thanks for the follow!
RT : Heyo! If you're hiring or heard of a great job opportunity, tweet it & tag with #WorkWednesday + the city.
Clubs looking for a dj a I am available! Looking for new spots to showcase my talent!
Become a fan of AU Discover the World of Communication on Facebook!
Great job on the panel this morning. Thanks for the shout out!
When asked to comment on the #TrophyTour, Billy Gillispie said "Did Alan Cutler chase that bus in boots? He sure is fast."
Thanks! I'm partial to RogersTHAT too!
I think that calls for some throat punching!!!
If I See Something I Want, Ima #GrindHard Till I Can Get It. If You Cant Pat Cash For It, You Cant Afford It.
#undertaker shaved his head.. hell no.
perfect, thanks!!
FwB is usually too much drama, but sometimes worth it....
If you're a MKE Co worker and if you or a family member seek mental health services, your copay is about to go up 1000%.
lmao right ! You making plenty money tho .
Studies have shown that regular exercise can be as effective a treatment for depression as antidepressant medication or psychotherapy.
This marks the first time Rinaldo has ever gotten revenge on someone in a clean manner.
I almost made it though a Muse song just now.
i saw your brother there! havent seen him in years. let me know the next time youre back home and well all have do somethin.
RT #c2css12 any links for non-attendees to check out presentation materials? keep your eyes on the website!
S/o to all the pretty women who's beauty fills our eyes. Usually ya'll are the most shallow.
The Huffington Post Wins Its First Pulitzer: David Wood&#39;s &#39;Beyond The Battlefield&#39;
I love #TurboTax, but having its progress window blocking my whole computer screen for 15min is really annoying.
they ain't give back is what I mean
RT : Repeat after me: "Your logo is not your brand." (brand is entire customer experience. logo is visual anchor of brand)
the new mayday album really isn't expalinable in words. it's breathtaking. hgdfjsghsjkgh. so good.
Totes sitting in the Internet Famous lecture with you right now. Great comments! :) Will Goog your jewelry ASAP.
I really want a pasty!
Wishing all you Women With Moxie a Happy Thanksgiving!
Up at 6am this morning to sing at a wedding 2 hrs away. Last time I saw this hour on a Saturday I was in Vegas and just going to bed.
I love shake it up is my favorite show.
Dreamt about #phantom25 last night. Is it sunday yet?
ZOMG derby pie derby pie derby pie
Wow 94.7! Really? Christmas music already??? (And then I listened to it.)
Get me some Chocolate or I'll cut you .. Hahaha love me some Glee
You've arrived! Welcome back.
I just don't know about some people.
How is it, with three jobs I'm still broke as sh*t
#Padres game right now. Come to downtown later!!!
…Le sigh.
get the fuck out my bedroom askin questions like
<U+2606> "Enjoy life without comparing it to others." <U+2606>
Dear Commie-In-Chief, Thanks for all YOU did in killing Bin Laden. Sincerely SEAL 6
Are you enjoying tonight in Lawrence? Use password "Werewolf Bar Mitzvah" and get 'Electric Kissing Parties' vinyl LP for $10!
Todays my Friday! :)
Your tweets kill me!
haha omg awesome
Our Admins are actively looking into a connectivity issues that is currently affecting some of our customer. Thank you for your patience
More tragedy for the Kennedy family :(
thanks guys! :)
“: pat on the back for being at the library on a Saturday night -- slap on the wrist for not doing a damn thing”
Went to Wal-Mart and got followed by some guy with a #1 dad shirt on
"Sacred and Profane" w/ the Durufle Requiem & Carmina Burana is TODAY @ 4 PM @ National Pres! Tickets available at the door
If I can help you with this or others in the future, please let me know. Looking forward to following you
now that the packers are out, i wouldn't mind seeing another harbaugh bowl
Yea don't care to be bothered at this point.
The 2012 AVN awards. Best way to end the night.
Ur right, it is classy why I have so many followers lol.
Too many concerts. This is gonna be a great summer
yeah, bt I can't be angry at hm bcuz I like him so much. He is still with the band right? Maybe he was too toasted?
denies reports that they have fired meteorologist Lynette Charles. Report stated she stormed off set,after not training a new hire
ahh yes. Good old sinead. I don't think I'd be able to resist singing at work.
Amazing visit with the Trailblazers. Thank you Brandon Roy and the whole organization Shriners Hospital thanks you!
What do you get if you cross a toilet with a pop singer ? Loo-Loo !
the stuff you find on the bathroom stalls of sketchy Chinese food restrooms >
23: im talking to you now. Your the sweetest
Being that it has yet to happen, your future is flawless...how will you step into it.
I think im stayin in the weekend gettin some work done, shyt after 3 weekends of str8 partyin
I'm hungry
Did u know that if u listen to n****s in Paris really closely near the beginning they say "we killed 2 pac" in the background
Any good business networking events coming up in #phoenix #AZ?
BC being booed and givin up 4 ERs isnt enough. CJ is starting tomorrows game. I hope he got some cryotherapy ice tonight. Gonna need it.
Thanks for the follow, fellow badger! I wanna learn some sports trivia from you, so I can impress my friends :)
#Tony #Romo has throwing session
where.. were u?!
you too, max. such a great conversation. thank you so much.
“: I just made my profile and your my FIRST follower!! You will forever have a special place in my heart ;)” Yay!! :-)
Huge thanks to for facilitating our class on labor and DH. Robert Boyle has no fans in
that bowl is huge
oh yea we was thinking about going through them for our internet cause the one we have now sucks so we stopped paying it lol
. AND the Cubs lose! It's a real good day now.
"be as safe as necessary, not as safe as possible."
My apologize for the last post. I didn't get the url correct apparently.
oh no! Keep trying
Promotw yourself or business and sponsor me in the 2010 Miss California Pageant airing the CW!!!
Don't know how I missed this! Thank you so much!
"My way of joking is to tell the Truth; it's the funniest joke in the World" --George Bernard Shaw
Forever ignoring annoying 10 year olds messaging me on Facebook.
Enjoy your time In Minnesota. Have you been to Mall of America yet? I would also check out the Galleria in Edina :)
These Price is Right prizes have gotten very.... fancy.
I heard you were looking so strung out, smiling and tumbling down
I am so fucking tired of this damn keyboard!
At the t#NSVFSummit trying to decide which of the many interesting panels I should attend
I can see that
I don't know what to do anymore.
Lots of peeps don't like milk, or it doesn't like them. hehe ;)
Sound-checked and ready to rock socks til we see toes! Two new songs and all-age rage welcome!
Why I always attract the easy ones? That aint me.
Just received our books from Biz ! It turned out fabulous, we couldn't more pleased! Or impressed (go Josh!)
Needs more followers new to this >
If can't find something nice to say... then there's plenty for you to do on the internet.
Sullivan is to complete the fortification and secure the towns at the entrance of Piscataway River from any attacks by British war ships.
#funfact Moderate dancing burns 250 to 300 calories an hour!!!!
You succcckkkkk-.- why I love you, I'll never know. Lol :p
R.I.P. Ronnie Montrose. You were one Bad Motor Scooter and an amazing human. Go in peace and enjoy all the Rock candy you Jukebox Hero!!
m I want some. My dinner tonight sucked
I like the song Hallelujah the most & by any1 :)
it's basically like if Hanna Montana died in 50 yrs.
sorry. I'm winning that jackpot yo. Backoff. Lol kidding :)
big fan of that fact that this is still your last tweet.
just that it's an internal struggle for them. They don't want to sacrifice the story for style.
oh he'll naw I would say tht. Lov our lil blasted moments when pickn up... (FunnyTweet)... Um I don't get it lmao
“: Tualatin coed rec. football #CHAMPIONS #griprip #nevergiveup” Game 2: Should we quit? Nope, ship it is.
I hope everyone had a great Thanksgiving. If you didn't yet, take a minute and think about what you're thankful for.
Happy May Day!!
I'd be remiss not to praise for their tremendous work. And for making me look like crap. You guys are amazing.
Reading a newspaper is always nice... every once in a while, though.
omg I'm I the only one who totally heard bebo's number clearly?
Hi Sarah, in a Jan'12 article you wrote that 1.5 mill iPads were being used in schools. Do you have a source for newer data?
Zimmerman to Be Charged in Trayvon Martin Shooting The special prosecutor in the shooting death of the 17-year-old in Sanford, Fla., said
Hey, Hey Hey, It's MAAAATTT Albers. And I'm gonna blow a game for you! And Bobby V's gonna show you a thing or 2!
#foodplease meet me the library.
Good night everyone
In time I'll pour it out, until then I'll keep you inside my head.
silly girl
haha in the past hour I was watching Grease with my mom lol
Tell me when u get my tumblr thing about l and l. Sent it on tumblr. Tell me what u thing
did you eat something yet *christina the cuban*
It's official! Am moving to Walla Walla to enjoy a constant supply of
A girl should be two things; Classy & fabulous. - coco chanel
To train your palate drink your favorite varietal for several weeks then you learn what style u really like. Mine Sauv Blanc Zin Petit Sirah
That awkward moment when a kid in your class text you "Hi zack"
so happy to be drinking nyc h20
I know, but it's hysterical the lengths ppl go to stay attached to their mobile devices.
Heading off to UCLA tonight for a panel. Been five months since I've been there so I have totally forgotten the layout of the place.
Me AND ? Dying, dead.
I am really good at coming up with new ad slogans If I came up with a unique one for your company think I could work for you?
lol,ok,You still wanna live in CA.,Thats cool
i agree. i realize that i'm really happy when i go someplace new at least once a month. far or close. i think it's important.
hosting free webinar today at 2:00 Eastern Time - topic: Family Business Survival. DM or @ me if interested so I can email invite to you!
girl u know u talking to a brotha. I'm really surprised u haven't tried or been offered something. n skinny was in, in 80's
lmfaooooooooooooooooooooo keep it light
my supreme beanie>>>>
Taking over a site on BlueHost. They want a scanned copy of my drivers license for shell access. Is this really necessary?
In Senate Judiciary committee: Interesting that Steinberg & Dutton R co-authoring a bill (SB 1186) regarding liability in disability access.
#duke is making me nervous.
To indeterminately engage with what is outside ourselves frees us from limiting thoughts to bring us closer to expressing our true natures.
oh that thing, yeah its fixed , cant believe people would get that mad over a joke.
At the #beanpot too bad #Northeastern is down by 1. Go Huskies!
Sure could use a little #saltwater this weekend, but duty calls. Too much biz & not enough time. Glad folks still need CDs, DVDs & tees!!
#churchclothes staying on repeat.
see bitch and yes im call a bitch and really shut the fuck up since stop cause the reason why cause he tweeted me single bye
if you want to find "tumblr girls" then just go to a rave :)
Oh frozen pizzas, why do I eat so many of you?
My life hasn't been the same since unearthing the secrets of microwaving uncooked pasta!!! <3 <3 <3 <3 <3
I spend most Monday mornings conjuring up a way to not go into work... Today I failed.
MT It's an auction. 94% of the time candidate with most $ wins. 196 ppl provide 80% of the $. And 10% pick all candidates.
Except that's not what author says. He says the dev cycle is too long, not that developing for Android sucks.
Bout ready to cuss out these kids outside my window! Midnight has passed,take ur bad asses to bed!
I bet they talk about how hot i am
Soup... Vertigo... Is the microwave only accessible by ladder?
tx will b da national champs and da Boys SB champs
Tomorrow is my Friday.
Gorgeous day. Thank you
Being called weird is like being called Limited Edition. Meaning you're something people don't see that often. Remember that.
seen them twice. :)
So far, music performances have been great!
Interesting Fact of the Day: The cruise liner, Queen Elizabeth II, moves only six inches for each gallon of diesel that it burns.
Go see tonight... Live at the Madison theater!
lmfaoo i been did that on friday ;P
Karrin wants the slong too doe wit her krayzie ass
I am really getting heated. I would appreciate if you got your servers back up. Your holding my scripts ransom from my clients.
Ah, the 'impressing-the-girl' clean. Well played young one. You should still get that wallet ready tho.
Beans, beans, the magical fruit...
I must try this. “: When I see political attack ads, I put my fingers in my ears&make up Beavis&Butt-Head dialogue. MUCH better.”
If UR child w/ #autism starts school + they say s/he's operating @ lower level. Don’t b adversarial. Work w/ them. It's hard.
Okay so This is my fan account for jeydon wale so my other account is C:
Anthony Ive been emailing back n fourth with ya. When u send my package plz include the extra artist pass plz.
i never said that
Picked up my cap and gown today....
Don't forget the #big10expo is being held in historical union station! Walking distance from #BigTenTourney games and lots of food & drinks!
Except for Dan Wheeler. Never forgive. Never forget.
Vandy! Bring on Wisconsin
How much does a horse eat..?
Us here at have been really sick! So as we continue to recover stay posted for new tweets and reviews to come!
can't wait for your show tonight. Can't believe it's been 20. Yikes.
San Diego Presents "West Side Story" Broadway San Diego in Hillcrest presents the best love story of all times! Check it out @ sandiego.org
#Nuggets want it more. Plain and simple.
I have slowly lost my trust in a lot of people.....
i was reading that this season might have been his last
More and more companies seem to be open to an integrated branding approach. This is good news.
thank you i appreciate it
Hahahahah you already know
screw you.
Just added to the #wfx expo floor Dollar Tree
Matt Jones got 99 problems but a bit&$ ain't one!!!
Meh, I just feel like quitting but must keep up enthusiasm.
I hear ya. think its a good pick up, another weapon on special teams & if he contributes at WR like he did when Johnson was out
same here...im broke!
I better get dem three stacks ;)
omg... Diésel he sing Our First Time? Haha no im kidding :P
ah, well Craig is a good one. I've known him for more than 48 hours and find him to be delightful.
could you follow if possible
This bitch is ridiculous, How dare you get your Bf's phone & Go off on his BbyMomma just because she sent you a pic of your daughter at prom
had a great time working with and the Mansfield Symphony this week!
probably have a higher degree than you do,besides which you never gave me Bernie Sanders reason for being Independent,do you know.
not cool bro haha
“: I'm not tryna be right, tryna be wrong. I'm just tryna make it out here on my own”
Dear #AaronRodgers, I know your offense isn't helping at all but please find a way to win. Sincerely, a worried #Packers fan.
I'm not sure you were wrong. I've just deciced to continue. Damn the consequences/torpedoes.
Thanks, dude! Love you too! I'll see you on Wednesday.
Congrats on the win! Please let us know what address you would like your prize sent and we will ship tomorrow :) thanks for playing!
Man I'm really bored
If you were crop dusted by me, I'm sorry.
Need a great Mother's Day gift for a special Mommy? Save 15% on Bottle Snugglers with coupon code Mom15 at checkout!
lmao eww I hate that word
End of 3rd period. trail Swarm 10-7. Colorado out shooting Minn 40-33. Score shouldn't be what it is!
The Shable needs to have some #Yankees pieces of flair added to it.
yeah. I feel like sarcasm and chirping should be reserved for the guys on the ice and not PR interns.
what the fuck is everybody gettin pregnant now seriously OH MY G000D ;O
Even with all the PittSports stuf I wasn't sure it was you until I saw you were following the 'moustache institute.' Then.I.knew.
you bout to go hoop?
Done with that tho.....
tuesday = weights -- and counting down: five more days!
I wish I had my moms eyes
liam secretly wants you ;)
Looking forward to tracking your progress, good luck!
I actually set aside one separate viewing of the movie just to marvel at all of the Cleveland shots.
its sent
“: hey ....i have a gift for ...wanna guess what it is?? ” thanks for the pig ears!!!
Go and follow ,she play in JONAS !
If anybody up on twitter get @ me on FB @ toninkajj dats url or email
that sounds like a plan.
too funny!
TODAY at 10am Lunatic Luau 12 starring Shinedown will go on sale at Farm Bureau Live at VB - NO service charge at box office.
All these birthday wishes from friends have been great, but none have warmed my heart like these emails from my dentist and insurance agent.
Me and need to get some work done with the fam and ASAP tho..
ew i don't like you idk why do we act like we're friends
Chicago Bears 2012 Draft: 3 Positions of Need Not Addressed
Hey Matt, that is a good question. If I do come across any free film festivals, I will let you know. Good luck.
Going into production in January with 3 other directors for a Night of Comedy. Stay tuned.
aw, thank you! That was very sweet of you to say! :)
Nuts. Absolutely nuts!
goodmorning, hope you have a great Friday
Love the photos, particularly the black and white ones...you're so gorgeous! ;)
<U+2600> good morning <U+2600>
They range from £20-£1000 depending on seats/view you want and even then you're entered into a draw :( OMG in holding a
Keep an eye out for the Spring Short-Course schedule coming out this winter!
The Queen and Duke of Edinburgh officially open MediaCityUK and explore proAV’s world class AV
he backed out of the GSP match when he "disappeared"
I've learned Spanish for 9 years and grew in south Florida and I still don't know spanish
To me success would be to be able to do your very best in everything you do. - Paul Cummings
just a tad you're just too much to handle
silly goose it can be allergies :P btw I miss you :(
are you coming?
preparing for harry potter tonight by watching all the movies!
He's four, so there's still hope for him.
Likewise, Rachael!
Onto the entree round, they've one-upped the chicken feet with... TRIPE! I'm lovin' this.
I dunno how many times in my life I've tried to get a guys attention just by setting statuses...I feel like I'm getting annoying -__-
Weeel, nothing new I guess, how about you homes?
is that what you meant when you said you have to fry 45 lbs of plane cake
Hey guys!! Whats going on today?
i never thought i would have sumthing in common with a 1D dude, but i have to admit im exactly like niall in the food department.
Banned from a room while a mirror gets hung on the wall. Good call . Good call.
but not for weed if your mema new what you used her $$$ on she would be smhing :P
I guess we're supposed to start selling the dish stuff, we better get a discount!! lol
Why post a picture on Facebook with the caption 'OMG!! I'm so ugly' and then get annoyed when I agree?
Rehearsal tonight!! Gonna tweak a few more things before we start lighting the stage up!! Who's ready!!?
Xcode is a pain
Come in for a classic Dark & Stormy cocktail on this dark and rainy night. We make ours with Cruzan's Black Strap rum and ginger beer
Appreciate the staff at The Ram showing their love by wearing team gear. Turning the game around for them would be nice.
We are tallying up the Venue/Artist agreements. Do you have one? Final week to get them in!
I just got them on Saturday, so today's their first day at home alone while my roommate and I are at work. O_o And hi!
I don't lie. I have, however, invented my own language which uses a lot of the same words as English but with somewhat altered meanings.
Just left Tampa Bay Got Talent wit & , lotta talented ppl out in the bay, great look for the city s/o
The single biggest problem with communication is the illusion that it has taken place. <U+2015> George Bernard Shaw
SMH..well..I bet u wont go that route again! LOL Just playin, hope u get better asap
your pretty
Hey , can u dm me ur email? Have project I want to get you on, thx
Back at city hall 2nite to hear Alonso presenting school construction plan. Good turnout from
Saw The Dictator yesterday. It was aight. Pretty much already forgot about it.
Follow back?x
Wish I could have gone to the panel on Digital Marketing and PR. It looks like it will be so interesting!
She was just somethin do when there was nothin to do
so what are you going to do
Thanks ! "One of my favorite #pittsburgh orgs.“: Truffula trees for our Read Across America celebrations tomorrow!
RT : Thank you to the people of Delaware for your hospitality. I'm talking to you, sallow roadside Roy Rogers employees.
what's the deal with this Heejun kid on Idol? is he damaged or something?
I feel it in my gut, to kill these mutha***** is a must like the arm of my pits lol dying of laughter at
Off to Syracuse tonight then PA tomorrow! Starting summer off right
Increasing evidence suggests that acidosis results in numerous injurious effects on the body - Am. Journ. of Clinical Nutrition
thanks for the follow
haha thanks Dee! Working on it as we speak.
that's so not fun! I hate allergies! Sorry, I feel your pain!
Driving around rocking out to One Direction.
Successfully harangued dear NY friends into seeing Sleep No More. Soothing jealousy by seeing the Jesus and Mary Chain here, same night.
RT : We should plan a couples skeet shooting wknd! It would b wickedly wonderful 2 watch Marca & I school u...
Don't wish it were easier, wish you were better.~Jim Rohn
“: Splendid evening with ” indeed
Wow. Hope I have a chance to check it out!
Damn I could use a drink right now.
IM SO TIRED BUT I CAN'T SLEEP. WHAT THE HELL.
will u ever come to shelbyville indiana and can u give a shoutout to kiara plzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz ( live at...
Gorgeous! I love Costa Rica.
followed her.
ZERO ONE, the film that won me best score in Boston, will be screened at the London Sci-Fi Film Festival in May.
Our interns are working today on an Edit for Eccleston & Wolf and finishing up a project with The Maryland State Bar Association (MSBA)
I thought the Wolverine movie was badass.
It was salty that at the end of the "Call Me, Maybe" video...dude was gay hahahahah lmaoooo
doing this now. love. RT Finally listening to all of 's "Myth" in one sitting. Goddamn this is so good.
RT : Important #jewishcamp values include: independence, tradition, Jewish pride
We getting together @ ur crib tonight to see u off right? lol
ddddaaaaaannnnnggggg thts a long time.... Where are the coming from cause i live in the city...
aw okay give him a hug for me.. I might not be goin till tomorrow morning
RT - Two Cleveland Indians players in a TT. that's what's up. Orlando Cabrera. Lonnie Chisenhall.
Happy Mothers Day! I love my Mama :) <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
I NEED A #PENS STREAM!!!!! HELP RT
yo Zach follow me! i miss You); #woof (:
You are an ugly a lie you know I love you friend <3 :)
should we start planning for after-party?
I swear I'm adopted. I don't fit in with my family at all. I feel like they all get along but I don't. And I've tried to!
heard via the mouth of the same AMEX agent: "Your wish is my command."
I agree that this could be an opportunity for us--fast books on tech and education with a research foundation.
Just booked a Model FIT class taught by Can't wait to train with the man partially responsible for Irina Shayk's body.
oh, nope! Too broke hahaha :(
“: Outside Halle Berry who else are some really good actresses????” Sandra Bullock
Way too cold I promise you, your gonna need some theraflu
#inshallah they're in the good hands of the western seculars who worship #science #precision #punctuality #legality nothing's left to chance
Man cannot discover new oceans unless he has the courage to lose sight of the shore. ~ André Gide
Im loving my new job <3
Cookies n milk and watching war of worlds tv show with my dad :)
this stuff is crazy! R u watching this mess? What u been up to?
Wow! So busy building site forgot to say "Good Morning" to my Fellow Twitterers! Let's kick some BUTT this week!
Miss a beat, lose the rhythm.
come on, please don't tell me you had that
#flight_attendants are not displaying an #Baldwin payback effects. Oh happy fly time
All i need is Jesus ... thats easy to say but does your actions back that up ?
Have they convinced U that U don't have rights.Well U don't, IF U don't use them.All talk and don't vote,where's the (beef? vote)
Too hot
I will be in Washington DC today. Meetings till 4:00. Free @ Union Station till 6 if anyone is here and wants to meet.
''Just got off work. Took a dump in the Phillies clubhouse".
"omg potato chip wall!!!"
is a great marketing tool, if you know how to use it, more to come, so stay tuned, thhhaats all folks!!!!!!
Hahahaha do I even want to know why Alex Gaskarth is trending? Lol Love him to death<3
I am the best you've ever had!
I'm trying it...so far finding it a bit disconcerting to see, for example, that is in the document RIGHT NOW! :)
lol mines too !
In case you weren't entirely convinced that I'm a Caucasian, I just googled 'YOLO'.
Should be a nice day for that! :)
Got some great field recordings from around Amsterdam tonight- the kind that could be the foundation for a composition, unedited.
stfu..ol sentimental ass
When one sends me $35million cash and a Chi for my Muse, we'll see, :)
If anything, we hope it made you smile and laugh a little bit, and that there are other classes that may interest you.
don't take it personally if i left you behind, i didn't think you'd mind.
Chase is looking a little old. Someday will look like Bruce Springsteen.
is there an issue with the website? I'm unable to watch.
if turkey bacon were a phone i would eat it after i hung up
Thanks Mark! I'm very happy to be with !
:/ let's go! I'm inviting even though you made that rude comment.
Going to continue my Dunkin Donuts rant. GET SOME SOY MILK.
If we keep doin what we doin, We gone be on Top
quarter lifers are not alone! The blog section @ stratejoy.com has 4 gutsy girls posting in real time as they conquer theirs
Sven Bean on now talking about Ring of Fire!
Rest in peace Mr. Don Cornelius
needs to follow me... Yes?
#WhenWillYou realize all i want is you.
These programs are American Legion programs designed to assist our fellow Veterans & their children who are in financial crisis.
About to watch some movies
I'm #StarvinLikeMarvin right now
: "You are a mist that appears for a little while and then vanishes." James 4:14 Think this through for your priorities.
Tanning<3 then gym
Uzeke will be vloggin with Amnesty International USA - Youth Groups in Denver, Colorado this weekend.
is the coolest, I wanna be like her!
At doctor waiting to see if I need a biopsy.
#ThatAwkwardMoment when you see Battlefield 3 advertisements before watching a Modern Warfare 3 video…
ze event tonight is sold out, but if you come on-time-ish you can get a ticket at the door! we
#firstdayoffall putting away my seersucker and pink pants..
Two people I want to chat about the new Manson album with: and
Determined to finish this dissertation chapter draft today...
This is 4 the ppl who want to commit suicide don't end ur life becuz of the ppl who bully u it's not worth it & there not worth it 4......
Balls Brean aka is on discussing the poor 7 year-old whose father allegedly burned her hand and sent the dog after her.
sunday but they're having a big party for her sat night. 45! no, do you want to come? it's like $20 all you can drink 8-12am
Where y'all at?
happy mothers day to mane
Seppi is killing it out there. Good for him.
There is no disguise which can hide love for long where it exists, or simulate it where it does not
Happy hump day everyone!
Might stay in tonight... :-P I'm so tired!
you'll have to post pics when you do!
Dragon Dash 5K is starting in 1/2 hour in front of my house. www.thedragondash.com
Lil puff puff
I should totally have one of those! Big secret: I'm a dude.
lalalalalalalalalala :) and u might say i was wrong but IDGAF # t(-.-t)
My bestfriend and i are way too comfortable with each other, i love it
Finally reading this book that people told me to. Better be good
Big thanks to all who showed up for the localplaylist Translator Lab today!
please call this number 254-716-4646 Please its my friends birthday! :) She would be so happy! :) 16
Cycling/Spinning class! That's what I'll be doing tonight!
Thanks for the follow Jakeal, friend me on facebook to find info on my coming new album #Authenticity!
A runner must run with dreams in his heart, not money in his pocket
Just got on a 6 train that smelled like a zoo. Where's the hippo?
so have the 100 winning skins already been sent out and delivered?
maybe i'll come in for lunch!
thank you :)
#nwill2011-K. Spring took my "A-Zed" presentation to heart, learned a lot from it, and came back this year with "Takin' it to the Web!" Yay!
Kerringto would your mom let me go to maliks party with youu??
RT : Since you like to play w/ fire imma let us burn !!
I'd like to meet you too :)
Jealous! Send my regards to all the children's media research all-stars there :)
It's going well!!! How about you? How's Summer treating you?
There has been an absolute explosion of Firkin ticket sales today! That's Firkin Awesome! VIP tickets almost gone, too.
The clouds never expect it, when it rains, but the sea changes colors, but the sea, does not change.
you again for your generous donation of hand lotion for our guests!
If you wish to be regarded as a human being, never utter an apology (or half- apology-like statement) like Mitt Romney's.
I'm a brand new commuter - thinking about signing up for feedback from current users out there?
What day are you leaving?
Now I know what faces to attach to my disappointment when I walk out of a two hour commercial posing as a movie.
Have a good night everyone. :)
From Campus Transportation: No route "B" service to Greenwich tonight from 5 PM to 11:45 PM due to the
hi Brandon! Happy birthday!! Make it s great one! And I'm so sorry for ur loss, she's home now. I love u!
ROBIN AND BARNEY :3
American history lesson happening now on VH1.. I was about 7 yrs old when this happened.
Hey Jersey boy! How are you?!
I defiantly want a 'Mechanical Dummy' shirt as soon as they are up (':
Glad we got to spend a little time w/ Jeff, Celisa, and the fam in Carrboro. Next stop, Folly Beach, SC!
Happy Founders Day to the mighty sisterhood of #Delta Sigma Theta!!
Watching "The Weight the Nation" on
Teni makes my followers hate me.
labels turn you down and then when you are in magazines, paid shows or concerts and radio play then they offer you a deal. Lol, No Deal.
RT if you're going to Drake. <3
Is that doing the voiceover for an All-Star Game commercial starring Alex Gordon? I swoon for Ford.
just burnt the crap out of my hand on my straightener -_-
Making chocolate muffins :)
Lunch Specials just $15: Includes any entree and house lager!
Last game of the season
Cant wait to see my sister tomorrow! The best bday present ever!
The woman I just worked with talked for straight 8 hours
I need ideas for dinner.
The happiest moment of any job is finding out you got it... it's all down hill from there.
Oh my gosh, that was so funny. Omg.
Hey Niko - Tell your Belieber followers to tweet us something using the hashtag #5hours (for our blog im working on)
yeah but WHY do you hate them? did they cause an embarrassing moment? are they unethical?
excited to see Sharon Jones & the Dap Kings! they put on a helluva show!
I honestly don't think well be able to see over the side of the stage PLATFORMS !!!
Stalk bitch... I don't like.
Kareem's was closed so trying a different recommendation, Sahara Falafel.
#WhyDoiAlways think about you?
Can't wait for #hellweek to be over! So I can start my summer!
Hush I ain't been on here in a while and last I heard u were banned lol... yep that's my shit. I ate that cookie super slow lol
Sleep. Homework. Two and a half days off with daughter. Hmm... which is more important...
On this day in 1863, Californian authorities seized rebel passengers & cargo from the schooner J.M. Chapman as it tried to leave SF Harbor.
Just saw a Scentsy car advertisement. Her name? Ima Peacock.
What a great idea! When will you get outdoor seating?
Considering focusing on customer service for a blog discussion. The lack of is a real problem.
I hate when I'm behind on something.
Taking care of sicky sick.
Make sure you check under your tree on Christmas Day! for that #GothamCity mixtape!!
seriously over this day...too bad i'm not even halfway done
My thought exactly.
Let's go caps!
#SPRINT I HOPE MY PHONE BE HERE TUESDAY!! THANKS FOR THE FREE PHONES OFF
And today we acknowledge that the #Redskins have actually played a higher value on the #Rams 2nd pick rather than the 1st overall.
Even with Big Sean at my face when ASS came on I still sang version im addicted
I haven't been on iceskates in a decade. But I really want to skate the ice for the WInter Classic
Since it is not looking good for the , I am tuning into on with special guest
Thanks for the RT!
Out done my record for running up and down stairs at gov
Today's Gallup 2012 Presidential Poll shows Mitt Romney leading Barack Obama 47% to 46%.
in other words split the vote. The only way for Obama aka voteindecan to win
Had a great fuckin workout! With my buddy. Time for lunch.
Aye you pass along that message to Tom Crean for me?
hell yeah xD
No lie, ppl be having the hoes on twitter, on mamas they have str8 HOES & GROUPIES, but hey do ya thang
harry! or louis. oh theres zayn. oh & liam. oh yeah & niall <3
Could also (dep on market) mean more ROI, profit for developer. Local govt can incentivize and require affordability in return.
Glad to see Bitchwizard is coming back from the dead. Totally crushing band!
Made a banana/strawberry/blueberry/peanut butter smoothie this morning for breakfast. Starting the week off healthy!
miles away.
thanks Jameson! every tweet helps!
LOL - Well said. Wonder that myself.
Do you have your wireless Internet setup?
ahahahahahahahahahhahaha i love him soo much!!!
: Yeah… All is working like a charm… We're playing it safe with the number of races we're displaying...
And the protests/arrests begins for #NATO summit in Chicago.
Belly is feeling extra big right now!
Caught a nice grouper this weekend while deep dropping
There is no scarcity of opportunity to make a living at what you love; there's only a scarcity of resolve to make it happen. Wayne Dyer
RT : Thanks Patsy! I like how it came out. /Your camera, you and water work well together.
it makes me sad.
Last night I dreamed I was #TimOlyphant on #Justified and that my bro & sis gave me a beautiful blue watch. What does it all mean???
Thanks! We havent sponsored any events yet but we would consider it if it was the right opportunity..
Coming in about an hour. When is the interview with Xtina up?
I've been showed so much love tonight...geeze louise.
I sent a folder of materials with Lisa-- I hope it's what you had in mind. LMK if you'd like anything electronically. Have fun! :)
Best Disco on WRAY 69.9 The RADIO and now for some HOT STUFF from a BAD GiRL toot toot ahh beep beep bad girl she's such a dirty bad girl
RIP Adam YAuch
For the ancient Greeks, Medea figures the principle of the enigmatic inhuman within the human.
you swear the world has got you backed into a corner, but no one holds your hand when you walk into a fight
So of course I started Yu Darvish and Brian Matusz today.
Lmao I remember when I was 9 and their son 13...i used to have a crush on him, lol, hahahaha.
yep, discovered that one about 5 years ago. You feel like Neo from the Matrix
Countdown to the alcohol and human agriculture miniseries in Scientific American, four days to go.
Only reason to elect Tommy Thompson is great impression! If we ask nicely he might do it W/O having to put him back in office.
Ha! U got jokes!
More of the same. The health care system is broken, no matter what country you live in
Corporate art install was a success today. Off to sleep. Have a great week my friends.
I pray for an abundance of joy and for problems to dissapear! :) Stay strong!
I have a butt? Woaah.
i gots me a ghetto hood accent. haha
That`s awesome,thanks!
lol come on... You're exempt
we hope everyone had a very Merry Christmas! - Boyercom Communications Group
Love a #swinger discount getaway 4 nights $399 visit us
love your new career- mostly because I find cars driving through garages interesting. Hah. I hope you're well Sarah!
Alright, put Tebow in at LB. Let's make this a game.
yeah but Iowa wasn't where he came directly from
I really hope tomorrow is surprise drug test day.
Bring it 11/11/11 let's see what u got. Cause 12/12/12 is coming up next year :)"
Ha! RT : Daniel Pinkwaters next big testing hit "The Trowel and the Pussycat" MORAL: Shovels make poor paddles.
Lol!!! He had to be! He had M Weiner to contend with!
so I asked my three yr. son what he wants to be for halloween and he says he wants to be
Thoughts on...Impersonal "Universe" randomly sending us opportunities vs a Personal Loving God who sends us opps, love, people, work, & joy?
RT : RT : You know Christie has won when Democrats are fighting over the type of tax cut to give taxpayers....
Very nice!
#smbmad virtually here on the backchannel. Tell Tony to talk slower on the intros
Travel insurance can ease financial pain - Chicago Daily Herald
have you gone to the beach all summer ?
thanks dude.
thanks love (:
#ThingsThatPissGirlsOff when they're wrong
HUGE congrats on your raise. You are amazing!!
To succeed in the world it is not enough to be stupid, you must also be well-mannered. Voltaire
OK,then.
where are all your fish?
The toughest part of running a business? KEEPING UP WITH THE ADMINISTRATIVE TASKS... It's boring and mundane
Jeezus, those Miller light man up ads are getting just a bit tiresome. Packers rule, though.
its true!
Well #QPR, if you're going to go, go all out!
u rock dont quit being awsome
follow back! lol
yum! Enjoy.
What the heck?! im gonna need braces!!
I'm predicting a female dominant SYTYCD season. Plus, more ballroom than recent seasons.
Every night in my dreams I see you, I feel you <U+266A> <U+2665>
silly tumblr cant spell properly
Just gottickets to the SSalom bayis Tour by , i am excited, actually my wife is excited! Good luck mendy! You rock!
I can't fake giggle cuz I think ur cute anymore, im grown and I need hardcore comedy!~
Is it weird that I understand the appeal of bird watching more than NASCAR?
So, I just learned that I'm bring presented with a Music Business Recognition Award by Prof. Tini here at WSU. Lol.
congrats to my highschool theology teacher, on her Jeopardy performance!
sike nah no kids for me until im like 22 so 3 years
Mum woke me up to go look at a car. We get there, and dude suddenly says he sold it. Uh. We were the first ones to come look at it dude.
Seattle represent! Hoping might make an appearance too!
Listening to my wife sweetly play Greensleeves at our midnight Christmas Eve service. Doesn't get much better.
fans, tweet us your post game pics
$5 Breakfast: Bagel Sandwich OR Breakfast Burrito, Fresh Fruit, and Coffee OR Juice! University and Exposition - Bonnie Brae. Come over!
If you`re loved by someone, you`re never rejected / Decide what to be and go be it
this guy is unnaturally good at guitar. I am now jealous that you're going and I'm not.
Thanks for the follow,
They're not overpriced for what they are. Midcentury Lane pieces hold their value well.
Ha! RT The Winkelvoss Twins are turning over in their pistachio ads.
My lack of self discipline is strictly limited to 10am-2pm daily.
So nice to meet you too! RT : <3 #kipcamp! Nice to meet you all (esp you, #Ohio). Thanks for all my new "whoa" moments.
I like how everyone is started a workout for summer and in here gettin fat....Lmao
but i dont knw wat u talking about.. :P and yes...a lovely lady sounds nice. :)
[Today in PD] Russian Strategic Forecasting’s New Look
on my way as soon as I change into something sexy! You are the best! xoxoxo
YOU ARE PERFECT
Everyone I know is having a kid, they just need to stop!!!!
can you share a description of how you do that activity? sounds neat
Oh My God I Can't Really Believe It...:O
Sounds good to me!
ah bummer sorry to hear it. Hard when mind is a different age than body!! In my case anyway!!!
really happy with SF weather past few days. MUCH better. <3
What are you talking about?
did he just call Jimmy B "The Heimer"? thats a new one...
lmaoo. that's funny af'. o m g!
Giving credit to #TaylorSwift for telling off the meanies of the world.
now that's more like it.
This summer we're making it happen.
This Cirque De Sol performance was amazing!!
2012 for me: Television, Tupperware, and Touch-ups!
girl bye.. NOT WITH THEM PANTS ON...
Hit the gym harder than ever. I lost 8 pounds. Need to lose 20 by end of June.
I'm all over it. RT : Come visit me #bigomaha! I'm the one helping prepare your lunch on our local start-up
People annoy the living hell ooutta me!!!!
That joint just shook the house!!!!
Everyone is talking about this show #scandalABC. Let me see what it's all about
Some days you're the dog, some days you're the hydrant. - Unknown
Ready for the intriguing blend of entertainment, excitement, and renewal that is the buckhannon Strawberry Festival...
Okay. Is it just me, or did get fucking sexy...
Our hood! Haha
I leave this moment with you, God, knowing that with you all things are possible. ~Adam Thomas
It's pretty amazing!!!!
Did I look particularly snarky today? I need to work on that. :-)
Apparently, the new #Sherlock Holmes movie is an extraordinarily brilliant timeless thrillride that completely outdoes the original.
That would be Nielluccio.
Finally at the #TtW12 conference after a hellish commute.
i bombed last nite sorry
Varieté tonight! Featuring singer/songwriter Nicole Saxton. Dinner service starts at 6 pm, entertainment at 9.
It feels good to hear the song #Worldwide when they at the airport, you think that #BigTimeRush did the song for you<U+2665>
Watching the little red dude run on the #bostonmarathon tracker is pretty entertaining. He's booking it!
talking to SCORE biz folks abt twitter.
she was being lame as hell. Bitching everyone out. She kicked me out for texting...lmfao.
There's only so many times when I'm willing to try until I just say fuck it. I'm now at that point
Butterflies that won't go away. Man I need to get up early. Haha.
what movie is it
Hwy 24 sign #5: BIG DADDY FIREWORKS - Best bang for your buck
The topic of the night is ???? And no not expozure let's get it petit or shedot or pop
Seen Daizyana in the car<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
it's great to be a florida gator
“: Oh, you're the real Slim Shady? Please... Stand up.” hahahaha
This is 20/20. Ch. 2 tribute to Whitney Houston. Surreal.
Recommend reaching out to , including , , and They may be able to help.
my mom put that in a newsletter about me a year after i was born imma bring it to school tomorrow
There will be rehearsal, then there will be free music and a cheap beer. I will own the rest of this night.
#3WordsForYou call me maybe <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
thank you so much! I will call you soon!
I'm in need of about a gallon of coffee..
NBA meeting again in 2 minutes at noon....Let's get a deal done.
Congratulations to the winners of the 12th anual Northwest Design Gala at the #SeattleDesignCenter. Really amazing award ceremony & party!
Last week of undergrad classes. Where did the last four years go?
The road to the Super Bowl: Tomorrow the first game is at 3:00. We will be packed so get here early for good seats.
Three installs next week plus a few service jobs! Keeping the techs busy all over the country :) www.brausse.com
A girl can be your best friend, wife, worst enemy, or worst nightmare. It just depends on how you treat her.
Tired as fuck but she ask can she get it
the answer is an overall rise in the market, no?
RT : #FF the incredibly festive actors
Ouch!!! Ya could hear that! Way to take one Raul!!! Loaded up for Chavy!
Thanks for the follow, Kirsten~Check out the Jedi Nighties along with 3 other great female-led bands at Plush on Th. March22
#TimeisLove gotta run....<3 i wish i could be with you everyday... But i gotta run.
I was pleased to catch a glimplse of u at the serving spoon
wanna a music video, commercial, family function, short or feature film shot. Hit me up @
lol worth a try
Haha, the fact that JClay sang it...
Following me will lead to zen twitting - the vast nothingness of me. Quite existential, really.
March 2012 Housing Starts in Vancouver and Abbotsford
Happy birthday to the home girl :)
Wedding today this shal be fun then a partaaaay tonight can not wait
This is the first day I've been with Columbus since I got here.
#tebowtakesmanhattan tebow will not have a good season in his new division tom brady,ryan fitzpatrick chad henne tebow worst 1
"RT : sweet Tuesdays??? But it's Thursday;)" <-- Good lookin! So where are YOU this fine Thursday?
Thanks so much! A lot of work went into the neighborhood guide. Glad you like it!
lol ! You still there
Hi ! River Works, where kids can splash around in the water and learn about Chicago's waterways is sure to be her favorite!
Thank you, my friend. Hugs back at you.
“: Just available in IL, WI, and IN for now.. crew is working on expansion” IPA in MI nxt week. OH, GA jun 1
I really like that song. :) Do you?
Pondering good design problems to give 2nd round tech lead candidates at
Thanks for the follow, Noah! Check us out on Thurs. March 22 at Plush with Lang Neubacher, Sheila Shahpari and Suzie Cue! Rockin!
Last time I checked, Klout said I was "influential" on robots. Now it's warriors. Are 12-yr olds following me?
most. embarrassing. moment. of my life. Hahahahahahahahahaha.
I will marry, fuck, kill you if you can get me a comedy writing job
my g it keeps messing up so if i spell somethin wrong im sry
what happened...didnt fans chase them and they stopped coming to meet fans individually
I know, Melaney. I hope another party steps in to open a new bookstore - although travelers are packing light these days (eReaders).
MT : Coates stresses importance of data triage: can't keep all the data created, if data not reused must be discarded
Stormy skies, sirens in the distance, and I almost biked over a snake on my way to the coffee shop this morning.
I watched "Cops" last night. I saw drug addicts and prostitutes. SAD. These are nobama people. obama bucks and crime. No jobs.
Which is the funniest? : Horrible Bosses, Bridemaids, or Friends with Benefits??
This guy standing outside promoting the threading salon has a STRAIGHT unibrow. Oof.
maybe. that's a disappointingly low score. last time i scored a 15.3.
iRead it. I'm on it. (Hating auto-correct).
Thank you for the follow Working with Oneness & The Return of the Feminine books are wonderful inspiration.
#Quadri y el neoliberalismo ha beneficiado a las multitudes, no ching!!!!!!
Stealing... Uh... I mean borrowing...tks
wow that was special and u show everybody?
should of asked him why he don't swim instead of fly!
KB my friend, we hold hands and skip, I put her in my pocket, and I make her friendship bracelets.
Forever Alone...
Well not right now, but I was when I took that pic
Fuck these hoes get u a down ass chick
We got you!
Thanks for the feedback. Ilike walleye and might have to stop in there to check it out, yellow tartar and all!
God doesnt give u the people you want he gives u the people you NEED 2 help u 2 hurt u 2 love u to leave u 2 make u who u were meant to be<3
founder of StartingUp Now will be on TCM Radio at 11am CST. Tune in as he shares more about Skillcenter + entrepreneurship
Fantastic fundraiser with last night! What a fun group with a great cause. Thanks Travis & Elizabeth, Bob & Pam.
No way!! That's a little overdue.
Student yesterday: "I like that song We Are the Champions." Me: "Oh, by Queen?" Her: "I thought it was by Prince." I AM SO OLD.
Wore my #DearZim bracelet everyday <3
hmm, yeah. So many options in this city. If I could teleport tonight, you'd find me at Zahav
Somebody needs to do something stupid...all the trending topics on Twitter suck tonight.
I guess any press is good press. Tomorrows game will speak more volumes than your crappy written article ever could.
Does MyEmma have a widget creator that allows you to post forms on your website in html?
RT : "True success is overcoming the fear of being unsuccessful."~Paul Sweeney
Good lord...the people at our school.
#YouCuteAndAllBut I heard you a player..
where is our 14th President of the United States Franklin Pierce biopic?
Admit it, we don't call Gatorade by its flavors, we call it by its colors.
I'm good. c: How about you?
Glad that I outgrew Civ. NOT!
thanks for the uh-mazing content. :D
apparently I don't know how to do any of this retweeting crap properly. Technology can suck it.
oh, you mean an iPhone? Isn't that all an iPad is, an oversized iPhone? LOL
yeah today was first time ever having a frosty super sad lol
All of your other technology is mobile so why not choose a videoconferencing solution that is too?
Should I have received my Ultimate Package by now? Haven't even gotten a confirmed shipping email…itching to get it!
Hicks-- the forms of slam have been used for decades in places like Sout Africa.
Okay, Eric Church! =)
Pinch and a punch - first day of the month!!!
Has anybody else's connect button gone a bit strange? I can't see any tweets past April 23. Sometimes Twitter is VERY frustrating.
omfg same thing happens to me i get in trouble for not doing the dishes all the time. i refuse cause it's disgusting
Apple's iBook Author publishing software is not taking Quicktime video (H.264 .mov) for some reason. Thoughts on compatibility?
The weekend will be better!!
Any commercial with could pretty much make me fall for any advertising ploy.
yeah that's true
Hello everyone, Hope you guys are having a blessed Sunday!!!
nah, it's made out of a rusty hubcap I found in the junk yard and shined up. ;)
In time of test, family is best. ~ Burmese Proverb
The random guy we met called himself a fan but said "didnt tvxq have like 6 members or something?"
OMG lol after that all 3 of us were like done.Poor people that were in the dumpling place with us..
My Grandma n her fifi calling lmfao :)
o can we start a pool for the next excuse? My $ is on 'we were hacked by China!'
he's now outside talking to his hot friends. YUM. well one of them is super short and not that cute but whatevs
There is nothing going on in politics today that is nice. Nothing. Zilch. Zip. Nada.
NO IM SWIMMING DAMNIT
I'm not being a dick in front of my friends , you're just being a bitch. so therefore , you're provoking me to be a dick.
Fellow Young Winos chapters....are you active on #Twitter?
Uh-oh. Massive exodus of #M100 w/Google. Too bad. Presentation has so much potential but presenter needs serious work.
beware! beware!! the ides of march march!!! beware!!!!
!!! RT : I wanna go to Wildwood this year since I never been
Pam Brown, along with Manpower coaches, are leading 6 ALC students through a Resume writing and Interviewing BootCamp!!
dw liana ill take care of him for you ;)
I know smh.
My studio goals for this month are to collabo w/ & scratch every Friday for at least 5 hours. What are yours?
- why do you have to live so far away??? :/
I'm watching War of the Worlds.... Oh Oh... people are evaporating. Am not sure if this is the movie for me. Anyone watch it?
Excuse me...PREP school. The place where the privileged classes send their children, or so I've heard. I wouldn't know.
SP lowers Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac senior debt to 'AA+' Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes.
Hey James
Thanks for the following, Justin!
Via : "Remembrance without resolve is a hollow gesture. Awareness without action is nothing."
spaming time babe even though ur gonna hate me for this lol
RT Talking with folks at about Social Networking.
E O Carillo New Wave Connecticut. Fantastic way to start your day bought a couple at the fabulous smoke ring Webster Texas
Or everybody would just go find a random webcomic and start reading it.
And the mystery team is SEATTLE.
we are looking forward to sharing the stage with y'all at The Ritz Theater in MPLS 2-24-12. It's been too long!
#People's Elbow The Rock wins! Can you smell what Rock is cooking?!
Whem my book is done you have one. It is about this journey you are walking with her on!
Art is the daughter of freedom.-Friedrich Schiller
WOW. That's all I can say. Well I think 5 people win tickets so hopefully we'll both be going to see it!
I have a dance crush on Sally.
Thanks and Good morning SweeetSuziQ how are you?
Dam right it doesn't. I been asking for years.
Last day to get our #cops #tshirt for $16.95! Our newest #tee (released tomorrow) is freakin' #awesome! Check out TuesdayTees.com!
GREAT seeing u guys! RT Made it 2 NY safely wit & Heading to park ave to meet wit
#Little500 is underway. Crowd has definitely showed up now
One month only! ! Hopefully someone awesome, lol.
steal a spoon from there!!
I have so much love for all of my #CUNY peeps, both colleagues and students, fighting to be heard. Sending support & solidarity from afar.
Wow this girl really just paid for my breakfast since I couldn't find my card..so generous!
bout time a tardinal fan admitted it lmao
Here we go Ozzie...I'll take the OL from Georgia or Upshaw. That is, if you care who I want.
: you better hope there is no karma or you won't be back. You're an oblivious scumbag thief. Get a clue douche
Trying my hand at comedy this week. Oh...I kinda LOVE this! can't wait to work on these scenes with you!
does your sex life really suck that bad to make you shit on me 24/7 #seriously #eatafuckingtwinkie agrees strongly
zero: the number of students who laughed at the bake sale joke. srsly?
Maybe in the re-release, Rose will throw Celine Dion's larynx overboard.
Tryna be in a mellow ass mood 2day no problem no drama 2day imma jus try to shut up
#instantfollow good luck on your interview
its getting late but i dont care :P
Suzanne Lyons tells us: "You're the CEO of your own company". I also like the tag line for an ad that claims: YOU'RE IN THE BUSINESS OF YOU!
and the Turkey, turkey!
why make someone a priority when you are their option...
Brand new special : Butterscotch/Walnut pancakes! Sweet!
THEORY: Andrew #breitbart couldn't stand living in a world without
Go ham.. Let these niggas know who you are..
fancy pants!
These tools add a "tecnological literacy" component to assigments that already teach communication skills, subject knowledge, etc.
#UnattractiveThingsAboutMe I binge...but don't purge -_-
5 day weekend >>>
im gonna message you girlfriend and tell her you cheated on her which is true,
Wait, Groundhog Day is Feb 2nd? So I woke up to "I Got You Babe" today for no reason? It never ends…
“: Your music is so cute! You have a really nice voice=) Thanks for sharing that with me!
What a pain in the ass.
I remember hearing about this!!! Keep doing your thing. Date soon since I didn't make it last night. <U+2665>
Last track meet of the season today, and then regionals!
I didnt forget about you! Congrats again!
alright who wants to go see wanda jackson next Saturday afternoon? the QUEEN! that plus later that night...best day possible?
Let's go metta
Concern yourself with your lessons and allow others to learn theirs. Release the hold they have on you by letting their burdens go...
your little avi is cute.
Incredible. Joel has been giving me weather in the morning ever since high school, but Don truly was a natural. Missed by all.
Perfect. Spend it at the date auction!
wish I was going to be there but Ca is long way when are you making to San Diego area
so technically advanced! So proud you're on twitter!
Free 2-day cruise to the Bahamas if I participate in your 30-sec political survey? Sounds real!
#ImTheTypeOfGirlfriend that will break out the mitt and play a game of catch with you.
Working on getting my name added to talk to the credit union for information helping buyers get their loan.
It depends on how the question is phrased.
Haha. That's awesome. Almost stopped by on my way to the post office today but opted to go with Mickie's. Now regretting it
LOT of $66 of pet~dog~cat food coupons 26 FEB - 29 APR
great meeting you!
#Rangers are moving on! Win series 4-3 over #Ottawa with a 2-1 game 7 victory
Meet us in brighton tonight Italian eatery
meet we been putting in some good work together
I'm surprised you haven't yet!!
Robin: "The more people we have contributing to #kohails, the better it is."
nm just finished up school for the year so now I'm working.
same for you Brad :)
omg keepin u n everyone n my prayers.
So tired, I wish I could win the lottery, drop out, and sit on my lazy ass the rest of my life!
Yay! Nothing beats a shiny new Mac (at work, that is).
I think keeping up with social media is and will continue to be on my list for 2012.
I figure with his mama at her house, I need to work extra hard to fatten him up a little more. Need to make him really, really fat. 2sexy!
All girls wants is for boys to actually mean it when they say "I love you"
Finally 18:) I think I'm gunna like this!:D
DAY MADE. sampler <3
I hate the europass CV format. It makes CVs harder to evaluate by encouraging applicants to list irrelevant details.
Yay! (h/t to ) MT : Happy Endings and Parks&Rec renewed the same day? It's like a Mandonna/Mouse Rat concert in my head!
#FollowMeAlexConstancio pretty please with a cherry on top
“: like hasn't eaten in days cause he's been too busy doing smoking crack?” lol
sorry for delayed reply. Yes, great to see you. Come back again sometime!
The #difference between #porn and #art? A government grant xoxo-Rabbit
Join me at the from 4-8 for my last beer in #Bmore before
Great time at the game tonight, despite the loss. Dodger and Giant fans alike kept it classy. Also, LOVING the shuttle...genius.
- The 3D version was cool, but at one point I got motion sickness.
Recently (IPhone reboot & freeze) Both happened this week.
Ahh, sorry you couldn't sleep longer, I know how you feel every weekday, have to get up very eary at work.
me too they said they are gonna keep all there guests safe and gonna call police!! I'm literally crying!); hopefully there ok
This SAT is gonna be like my breakfast.
Nobody Greater, Nobody Greater, Nobody Greater Than YOU!
Hearing off to mater academy in a bit <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C> hopefully i dont get lost.... Lmfao IM GOING TO PASS THAT AP EXAM!!
East KY radio/print HS Sports guy here. Enjoy listening to you on Sunday mornings. Try to stay out of trouble at the party.
day one of mentoring and hs senior "job-shadowing" done... favorite saying of the day "I had no idea archaeologists did SO much"
Production Club at UW-Milwaukee was just awarded 's Outstanding Student Organization of 2012! AWESOME!
I am gonna be positive today and not whine about school or anything! Just try to enjoy myself the best i can :) Whose with meh?
hop ur pretty ass in this fucken car
Ok I'm Out. Have a Good Night Everyone. If you go to sleep giving a fuck pray to wake up giving a fuck less.
RT : Not feeling school today
Bummed I missed 's b'day extravaganza. Hope it was a blast!
YES! #winning!
FUCK NO. I've never said that out loud and I never will. Just listening to an old episode of "This American Life".
No brace today. This should be interesting...
snapbacks and tattoos
I got some girl scout cookies in the cupboard if you want em hahah
you didn't make that poor kid pee his pants did you?
I bagged 12 mini coconut cream pies, but that probably is only one box for you righ?t :) /
work, conferences, travel, waiting for life to slow down in the fall (hopefully but prob not)
Astronomy compels the soul to look upwards and leads us from this world to another.
Why does channel 10 news achor man looks like he was drawn up on the screen...
Check out UnKnownTruths.com for EBooks available!
Jan Terri Underwood
Today's BTU inspiration: "Many people are alive but don't touch the miracle of being alive." ~Thich Nhat Hanh
#briandarcyjames everyone loves you.
Are you a current student? I would check with Advisement, they should be able to help you.
Success is a relative term. It brings so many relatives.
got the windows down, the radio's on...
totally. Which do you look forward to more, Game of Thrones or Mad Men?
i have a competition tomorrow to (:
your #GotyeJokes are making my night lol
Man! The #RealEstate Market is hot! Just checked out #LODO. SO much fun&greatness in #DowntownDenver! http:www.laurengardiner.com
we're each others support!
"should I bring my bowl?" lmfaooo I love you
Tuesday Tip: MAXIMIZE pre-workout nutrition. Drink guidelines: 2 hours before - 20 oz / 1 hour before - 16 oz / 15 minutes before - 8 oz)
Tweet your favorite so we know what to play on tour!
We are going green this season at ! Stop in today at our #Brookhaven shop for a FABULOUS Christmas gift for your little one
for reals, this is really bumming me out.
The story of your innovative teacher just keeps getting better. Thank you for sharing it!
#ff thanks for the follow!! TGIF
Awesome! Thanks for sharing!
12 modules down 7 to go. And then a big scary test… Calling it quits for tonight, I should be able to finish this thing by EOD tomorrow.
you guys are best. thanks for the birthday wishes.
Gonna listen to my horoscope so I can have a good day today.
wow, ridiculous column (again). Bama was handed BCS appearance, what did they earn? People like you screwed up the BCS.
yeah, it was fucking expensive too! I could leave you a voice mail of me singing if you'd like? :)
Life isn't about instant gratification, I have to think about "Rosebud's" future.
Sitting here alone watching gay porn. Need a real guy with me right now.
Always a good idea.
On a morning when I could have really benefited from that bloody mary, that flavorless, weak disappointment was basically a hairless dog.
Dear students: 11:58 is not the time to text me about problems with the wiki. Ever. Now I can't fall back asleep :(
A6 pt 3: as transplant from CLE, I might pick up some gear. I like it and am not a fan of the
Down at the Derby send me your questions
Huntsman: We are currently in a political reform cycle
Saw a billboard off of 465 for the #Indy500...CAN'T WAIT! still owes me an autograph. Maybe this year?
Morgan Freeman
I hope Zuckerberg adds 'blue outline' as an option.
A singer so terrible, they named him twice. I prefer Conway.
-Sorry we're not there for donut holes - Dr. Tom did great research for ASHP/CML many moons ago and we're delighted!
midtown..very west. This one is way more pleasant to visit than the last :)
"You don't sell the steak, you sell the sizzle" - Cosmo Kramer
"Even miracles take time"...praying for my 11 yr old Great Nephew who still remains on lifesupport. #inGodshands”
Brandon Inge to join the Oakland A's today. Could be a good fit for him.
Reading "Why Mahler? How One Man and Ten Symphonies Changed Our World" by Norman Lebrecht. Interesting. Beyonce's 8th cousin.
Leak leads the offense down the field and throws a touchdown pass to wide receiver Bobby Sippio. Storm lead 35-17.
Hot stone massages were popular again this week with some colder coastal foggy weather mixed in on the coast. Come on in this weekend!
because he has no business running! bo
IMP Advertising, Pleasanton&#39;s Premier Internet Advertising, Online and Social Media Marketing Company Breaks Down ...
Dude. Tiger Army… so good. I love seeing people getting into their music.
Ready for my high school class reunion...
That picture was taken from a Clean House episode on the Style Network btw :)
He's not the blogging sort. Had lunch with him today.
Lebron James = Dwayne Wade after eating a red mushroom and invincible star
I'm with you all the way
Its about time we thank you again for following us! We hope it has been pleasurable.
We dont care bout no hoe.
Dear : We NEED Chris Jericho!! :|
Sniffling through the afternoon while catching up on vacation/illness email and following up with recent SUG grantees.
Just saw Kristen Johnston leaving 230 Fifth Ave! She signed a few autographs. I love her!
Phil Davis kicking off Personalization Summit 2012!
RT : Happy Pay it Forward Day!
“: 50% of single people in the world, have not had a date in almost 2 years.” it's pathetic but that's me.
I have some cute drawings on vintage book pages but my Internet is down so I can't list anything =( my etsy looks so bare
Also, do you really think Marnie on Girls is an asshole?? Bo.
Okay, one more time. Flashing red light = stop. Flashing yellow light = DON'T stop. Seriously, how do you people get a driver's liscense?
With a closed mind and heart, the light cannot enter. -Shelby Taylor Weaver
here I am asking before I eat. and then bam! I learned I'm not asking until I am done eating. Shit.
ok to eat red.
URBAN NOISE: Winter Festival - February 23rd at Brooklyn Bowl! - DETAILS TO COME!
who called out? Bill?
Indications are the #Marlins will not pursue Prince, but the #Marlins are very interested and actively pursuing him.
Wow! Wish I were lucky enough to have so few problems that I could be sensitive enough to be upset over a non-follow back! ;)
It was pretty sweet watching Philly lose. It's always sweet to see that though. Haha yeah, 81%.
I love True Blood.
text me
Where is the #hungergames24PIT one? We in Pittsburgh are supportive of the Capitol? I feel like D13
NHLI is celebrating All in Graduation this May, Congratulations! to our alumnae
And then one day you find ten years have got behind you No one told you when to run, you missed the starting gun
Wow so much going on lately, talking with CMYK Magazine today!
& I pay MORE taxes because we are married (marriage penalty). Thank goodness we are married, anyway!
As much as possible #lovelocal too RT : Q1 #Foodiechats How often are you eating #Organic Food?
You might let Matt know. I'm sure he knows them as well as the listeners.
What station is Austin on?!
Hey! Thank you so much for listening!
Okay I got u:)
Great coach! Better person
I adopted
don't worry.....he will...haha #SWAGGY:):D #muchlove:)
#ThingsILookFor A good relationship !
I will unfollow you if you retweet one more
Have a great day. Think good thoughts your lunch break is coming.
I concur. NBA been going soft. RT : These Miami fans are bitchmade. It's a hard foul. It's the playoffs assholes.
#RT Got all the mixtapes and mix CDs on deck only for $1 #Dollar get your CDs #ASAP before prices change
Dismissing someone as a "hater" seems to be the preferred defense mechanism of the thin-skinned and the fraudulent.
Spring 4 A Day!
YEA! LOVE big weeks! More than that, I love the END of big weeks!
I ALREADY DID!!!
Forgot an f in that last tweet... Whoops
I read it all in one sitting, didn't want to put it down. :)
Gorgeous 2 Bed + Den Opening mid July Call today 414.231.8810 for a tour today!
I should I dunno where this Foo tryna go!
The most common #job in the U.S. in the 1890's was a farmer. Today it is a #salesman. -U.S. Census
; i can't lil boy
Someone was at the exhibit floor today #ala10 RT“: I hereby vow to *never* have old lady hair. I'll shave my head first.
I bet Lupe listens to 'The Cool' now and is just like "LUPEnd.. the fuck was I thinking?"
First day of class as a MA student
"Sold as is" is a stupid phrase. How else do you sell something? "This item is not sold as is, there is some hammering I still need to do."
Nina In New York: The State of Maryland Hates My Dog, And I Hate Them
And catch them witch I will be happy when that happens
Now they are going to rally around the raper. I've seen this before. Ugh
I'm honestly so bummed out right now
Thank you for the support!
F U construction season!!
yeah, it would be totally interesting to let people choose their 2 favorite designs and print them inside and out, too.
Thanks! I'm not a big Political Science person, so World Politics is a bit of a struggle, but it's pretty interesting stuff.
I steal ideas only from the best (cc cheeky_geeky)
My new bed is dope
A friendship founded on business is better than a business founded on friendship
Actor from Memphis Beat was beaten by a Vancouver police officer last night for doing absolutely nothing.
On average, Americans move to a new place eleven times in their lifetime
I KNOW i know ! the nerve of some people in this world !
Thanks for the follow Steve Juba (solotravelclubs)! :)
Tickets and dress for #TasteoftheSouth are officially purchased!
Glad to see involved in Powershift 2011! He is such an outstanding and inspirational supporter of youth leadership.
#Follow friday - a great guy who merits our likes, follows and retweets!
So... Kevin Durant is actually allowed to shoot the ball late in the game? Huh.
You Don't need it but She does
he had a customer! It's a start!
RT : fab spot so far food has blown us away! Delicious indeed, french onion soup dumplings? Yes!
It might be awkward if everyone lost their pants RT : advice for the day: put a smile on & charm the pants off everyone
"You are the sun and moon to me" "ill never get over you and you'll never get over me" -above&beyond
Our next deadline is Friday, Feb 3. Call today and mention code "facebook" for an automatic 15% coupon. (exp. 2/3/12)
Dudesons in America. The greatest show ever! Haha.
what's in San Fran??
And thats the way we like it, we like it, we like it!
#newtgingrich Beating a money machine is just what I plan to do, against #EricCantor, come November.
Meeting with Goca Clothing went great, Such a pleasure! Couldn't ask for a better meeting, Details to come!
My little guy is teething and maybe an ear infection...ouch
I'll keep that in mind! Thanks for the advice.
OK, who was making broccoli & cheese soup in the microwave at 8:40 in the morning?
I Shall make yard sale soon ...so I Can get rid of things I dont wear & to get money (:
Just a quick ?. The Angles had to have some idea on Trout. Why take RG 24 then MT 25 in that draft?
..My mom always threatens me she will rip them up or something but i have a bunk bed and she is too old to go up there
One of the most important things in a #relationship is caring for your significant other through good times and bad.
First month of the year down - How are your resolutions coming along?
Bangin' Flux Pavilion's essential mix.
Agreed! It's lacking explosions for one. Though this is more a look at how time changes once violent battlefields
ugh. Sleep schedule is all off. Not going to class. Need to do other work.
Puck you Jonah!
:-( (hugs) I am sorry must have been very traumatic, worse than I have experienced.
RT Today in #Herstory; In 1873, philanthopist Anne Morgan born. Daughter of financier J.P. Morgan.
Excuse Me !
Makes up for the lack of during season? “: Kinda weird that Seattle was first national and last national game of preseason.”
think Greek salad minus the olives plus cilantro.
happy? Without me??? HAHAHAHAHAHAHA I CAN'T LET THAT HAPPEN
watching at the one in DC after the Bucks dispense with the Wiz
does anyone have an extreme hold status on e-books? Holds of any e-book format can go in the hundreds easily.
Listening to tell an amazing story!
Joe McNally Photoshop class tomorrow at the SD Convention Center. So looking forward to it. Any other Twitterers going?
wait....we start classes tomorrow?!?
but you always need to cross reference the trees people submit.
Well, good night to all my twitter family. I will chat back with you all. Much luv
Damn! All I did was kiss the kid!!!! Now everyone is trying to crucify me lol
Long day of work, got a quick nap in and i'm ready for tonight! Let's go!
no i dont. grab one form home
Just finished a morning meeting - now it's time to get to work. #nodaysoff #occupywallstreet - how you doin?
Good health is merely the slowest possible rate at which one can die.
The four building blocks of the universe are fire, water, gravel and vinyl
Ugh why can't SQL statements just auto tune themselves to be super fast? Time to break out xplan and my optimization hat.
okay loll.
I miss u too baby
US consumers spend 77 min daily on smartphones but spend 92m on tablets. Yet only 24% OWN tablets (66% own smartphones)
Closing on 600 follows! Thank you!
Are the servers down? All of my sites are down. Please advise.
Oh my god. RT : AP: White House gate crasher Tareq Salahi says he intends to run for Virginia governor next year.
aww I bet it was emotional, that's so cute :) I love wish I could have been there! Glad you had a good time!
(Actually, he was trying to think of a word to refer to a series of four books, and all he could think of was "quartet.")
Rams Head on Aug 26th;Rams Head on Aug 26th;Rams Head on Aug 26th; Yea message us for tickets...you know you wanna be there for this!
openly??? I ask only because I was getting ready to write the same thing...
Wait, are you serious?
SO! Who's going to a 2012 concert? Anyone...? -Caitlin xx
Wait, did Raven Symone really come out the closet ?
tru fact RT ...but if you toy with a #Taurus' emotions or get into a battle of wills with them it's over.
Just landed in NYC.<f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0097><U+00BD>
Wish we had time to play pickup games tomorrow!!
Get your sweaters out, baby it's getting cold outside!
I'm in Chicago, otherwise I'd join you. Game of the century!
Make that game.
Should I wear a poncho to work tonight?
Musical and healthful thanks for following to , and
DuBois' analysis of the criminal justice system must be revisited. It was prophetic.The color of the crime determines justice, not the crime
Dont ever forget that
City Lights on Nov 19TH. It will be a night to remember!
Is everyone finishing up their holiday shopping? Or are you just starting?
It's going to be a late night for He's getting new tires put on the back on his way home. They're as bald as Dr Phil lol
I'm really happy for showed his amazing icon. Arturo is very adorable and sweet to best friends.
We just delivered our poll workers lunches by Bio-diesel car.
Firehouse subs > penn station > subway > jimmy johns
HEY ARE ANYONE ELSE'S EARS BLEEDING? HELLO
Everyone needs to follow I promise ull never regret it. Hes an amazing person!!!
WHAT ARE YOU STARING AT
His real name is Brian Bradley, but apparently he goes by "The Astronomical Kid". #he'llalwaysbebriantous
Oh! lol it's okayy! Thank you girll! You too!
If you know or have a patient with cancer watch the documentary 'Burzynski' by Dr. Stanislaw Burzynski, it's an eye opener...
lmfao! yes Naiomi!!!! im so jealous
oh my goodness! So precious!
"I just love to overpack" -
Family members are coming by The #PalmBeach #School for #Autism and dropping off supplies for their #students. Such an exciting time of year
And last but not least!!! 2000th to for coming over straight after school, bringing me flowers, and just being an amazing guy
hm, can't remember. I thought we checked in when we got there ...
I could be that kid from Insidious that pops out of your closet lmao.
It isn't going to be a good week for the students of SLIS.
as always it was a blast. thanks for having us. looking forward to our next class!
"I hope you each have early failure because early failure is the only way to rly know what success is"-David Weitzner on life after school
RT : Baylor women's basketball has just done what no other college hoops team has done before: 40-0.
No one should die, being told their lives weren't worth living.
Terrible tragedy what happened to #TrayvonMartin but it will happen again. History says so. But who's making these profits off his death?
I'm just scared! LoL
The awkward (and annoying) moment when you're not allowed to wear "denims" in school... -__-
Did you know that we are open on Christmas Day?
All of our writers are fluent English speakers, with over 6,000+ articles combined. No matter the niche or topic, ArticleFrogs will deliver!
iMonsterHero I'm On Can You Help Me Get More Followers
Fashion weeks are coming!
« Tomorrow on : Catch Oregon @ Monona Grove!
I am now accepting ideas for brilliant DIY Mother's Day gifts.
Put all good eggs in one basket and then watch that basket.
There is no way on God's green earth, that the Steelers should get Tim Tebow. PLEASE! They need speed on defense. COME ON!
Hungry....i'm headed to Blue Ginger for a snowy lunch
Wow, stunning colors.
Look more closely: it's in the seating.
Jesse Campbell has everyone crying (inc me!) Love his voice
Pastors & , testimony tore up the sanctuary then she said, "time 4 the benediction and chic wings!"
A hard reset of the VM cleared the beachball issue..... Lion-in-Lion achieved. I'll try it with Snow Leopard as soon as I find my media.
Melissa is racist.
Finna go get me a slushy.
#Tossing&Turning all nite long sucks . Time to make the dollar first I must spend a dollar
Happy Friday friends!!
Hey #TwitterWorld and #WWEUniverse how is everyone peeps yeah!!!
Happy Mardi Gras! I may or may not be wearing an elaborate eye mask and stuffing my face all day long at the office..
I love you. ": And spell better "than" you, you fucking moron. ": most of them still act better then you.""
I think Perla is right. Sometimes when I go with you or hangout when you want to, you always end up leaving Me . -.- like WTF?
Fun to hear and see #Allegheny's (kinda) own Gertrude Stein show. And love, love, love the Demuth portrait- neat piece.
You gotta be 2ft taller than everyone there! #lollipopkids RT : Oriental Beach
I shall later when im home :)
Three new jams almost ready to share, what's the best venue?
This would be a damn good time for Loney to break out
To say nothing of the price of a ticket.
CANT TAKE NO MORE
Believe it or not, I gained followers after my last tweet.
Pre-flight wake and bake
<3 EVERYTHING ABOUT U
I wish I still had a 4 letter word
Thanks for following us although we're hoping we won't be calling you anytime soon!
No way! Must be something like seeing how useful people are?
<U+25CA> Lovely. They should auction off each lineup card for charity. The way Jerry Narron does it is so special.
^5! RT : Cool concept. Seems handy for a complicated trip. +1 RT : check out - its one of...
S/O May 12 Is Around The Corner
You aint as bad of a dude as ya thought my man
English and Welsh, nice touch :-)
where is your drummer?
Thought I saw walking down North Ave. Got excited till I realised I was in Atlanta and not London...
Your the best Tramon! Great guy and an incredible CB, DYNAMITE COMBO!!!
": Pray without delay about anything and everything. You have not because you ask not.- James 4:2"
#museumsrawk Herb Day at the US Botanic Garden! The awesomeness happens 10 am to 3 pm.
- Thx Mark. Btw - I'd like 2 help u build the ManCave brand. My partners & I can help. You'll love it. I'll be in touch.
w/my sister after an afternoon of early #easter shopping.
Q3: Can individuals contributions to DH be clearly articulated and recognized for their unique contributions?
Cute pic!! Love and miss you both :)
. I can imagine! Probably even better after the fourth bong load.
Glad I got to wash my car today, it was looking like a bug graveyard on a massive level!
pwease follow me (':
I need to take my morning piss, right now!!!! O_o
chillen just got home i miss you
are u goin to school for anything this fall?
u peeling that peach?
sweden weather
Have a great trip!
hi?? Who are you
and even more <3 for you!
I was alright until the #game last night....had my stomach in
Unfortunately this happened to my friends & I when we were traveling in Guatemala too! :( Otherwise it was a great experience!
It depends on many factors. But it may be possible.
yeah well it was the scariest moment of my life ha.
Got my hair cut! ;)
There's too many hipsters at this Starbucks in Blacksburg. I can't even narrow one down I want throw lime on and hose down prison style.
i'm cool with imax and you can still tag along whenever i go to that "class" I think it's only $10 on their website as well!
Check out the Google logo today. Good animation. #HappyMothersDay!
There's a singular bouncing against my ceiling while I'm trying to write,which is annoying. He must be a horrible flyer. Jerk.
- agreed 's CS team rocks! Thx for all being awesome!
Immigrants that don't speak English are always so polite when they come to The US. I guess because they have to be...right?
Sorry to hear it. Peace to all of you.
The Girlfriend: “Your butt is comfortable.”
But I bet you don't live two blocks away from YOUR sinkhole. Haha. 'Cause I do.
yeah. Reynolds is actually having a decent game though
Happy Valentine's Day. Enjoy this speical day with your loved one.
We're committed until 3, but if you're around could meet up after.
I enjoy watching soccer, but it's tough to watch a sporting event referred to as a 'friendly'. I would prefer to watch a 'pennant race'
“: <U+2752> Single <U+2752> Taken <U+2714> Smoking with my friends.”
everywhere. I've been so damn busy. I swear I'm gonna buy a new phone so we can text whenever
Not feeling this homework today at all
Yeah, it's been a fun couple of days actually. Living across the street from a hilly park is a + on snow days :)
These last few days.....*phew* Between reading the first book of the Hunger Games and watching the latest episode of #glee, I am a wreck!
"Kingdom relationships are based on covenants not contracts." Ryan Bain
appreciates 80's hair bands
Enjoy the little things, for one day you may look back and realize they were the big things
Happy New Year Aplin Familyj and the Gibb Bothers
Ugh. Snow. fml.
The only discount double check the vikings will be doing is looking for a long snapper on sale!
Is it bad that the only way I can fall asleep at night is by watching friends?
yo buddy. We can give the night off and rock it like the old days in Nashville 9/15.
We've toyed with it, but the big problem is that YouTube videos are limited to 15 minutes & know how long Council meetings are.
Justin, Mac. I can rig it by connecting 2 ndry monitor and moving them. Just wondered if theres easy solution.
#BOYFRIEND10DAYS Let's get this trending for ;D so we can show us the single cover *__*
Scowcroft: We should never be involved in regime change. We dont know how do to it and don't know any country enough to know result
LOVED the George Harrison doc. LOVE LOVE LOVED IT! So beautiful. Reaffirmed my love.
I got you locked in now . #follow the homey y'all
Thanks for the RT!
RIP Junior Seau.
off to the printing press
Do I think oil removing clean and clear wipes and a couple sprays of listerine are as good as a shower? Yes I do.
RT : Ultimate heartbreak: the unopenable pistachio.
RT : c'mon, that could be just about anybody i know.
Joe's son is named Dante
np, hope you got wasted
Please stick to pot jokes today, people. Please, please, please, I beg you.
Its about to be on April 27-30
My husband is looking forward to that Man Cave too!
I'm new at this twitter thing... if I tweet you will you tweet me back?
Hahaha, a test! WE know energy and smiles are contagious, thank you so much:-)
I DONE CAME DINE HOL UP
Hell Yeah!... you know it... lol hopefully one day when you're not busy you can be my #twitterboo :)
oh, isnt that hot dog amazing! i haven't tried the poutine yet. The BV crew heads over for drinks post-work occasionally
thanks U 2
#VisitPittsburgh... Sleeves and teeth are optional.
Today @ BDW get a free small frie with purchase of any burger and drink
This is what happens when profit comes before care.
YES!! But like Cartman says, diet soda doesn't give u diarrhea
“Success seems to be largely a matter of hanging on after others have let go.“ William Feather
Happy birthday to ! She doesn't know it yet, but one day we're going to be best friends haha
Me and on this bikini mission don't hate cause u ain't
you killed it man. Most 19 year old kids don't have the humility and the salesmanship you do. Outstanding job.
hahaha. I saw a preview for that and was curious if it had Oregon cupcakes!
If Kamara wears those vampire fangs while up in the Northeast, they might cast him in a Twilight movie.
Can you recommend a good #wiki #tutorial for newbies? Looking to play on one!
Updating your bio can feel so cleansing. Just changed mine, and I feel like . . . . uh, this metaphor is getting stupid.
I used to drive & park at the STL airport just to get They're now available at YES!
I really doubt that that's your only chance. I think that I say it aptly like once a month.
any advice about finding com. col. grant opportunities? I've looked all over the gov. site, but there's nothing for us there. thanks!
thanks, Sarah! It was such a great time :)
not yet! Still cook'n.
Damn! Point me in that direction. RT : red velvet pancakes
Cool, I really enjoy your reviews. Just finished reading the Warprize review & added that book to my list.
Energy and persistence conquer all things. ---Benjamin Franklin
After a DDS makes them out of composite, you should be able to slip on & off canines
Thank you all for joining my page. Shows you care very much about preserving our history, Woo hoo :D
possibly new video tonight/tomorrow(:
you should know this!
never had them
Sometimes doing what makes you happy isn't being selfish, it's doing what's necessary and healthy.
Getting ready to power down for the holidays! #happyholidays to all. Enjoy. Be safe.
mkay, I see. Guess who's not giving you a ride to concerts? This chick (:
Nobody said it wasn't a team win. I said to Shannon I thought all of the Broncos did well.
Getting ready for Captain EO....woohoo...or should I say hee-hee!!!
showing my nigga ROZAY sum love mixtape is hot (my dream is to meet this nigga nd ima DREAMCHASER)"Rich Forever"
and and most importantly , how about florida in the final four?
Come #RockTheRed with us tonight as we play game seven. Game will be on with sound. Go #Caps!
Way to go with your commitment to sleep at the Capitol no matter what the weather! Thank you.
Just finished teaching the last of this term's library instruction sessions for 2 awesome groups of students!
i have the best family ever!!!!
If you're looking for serious eats, we are what you've been searching for, stop in, try 1 of our hot sandwiches or homemade soups
Oh...I hope #RookieRef doesn't know.
I'm with ABC in New York, trying to reach golfer Leo Millar's parents. Have you contact info? Please and thank you
proud and quirky? Proud and pimply? Sad thing. It's going to stay empty. Developer skipped town.
Thanks for the RT and Thanks for supporting #NurseUp!
Men having baby's..... whats next???? Pigs giving birth to chickens???
Good economic news! check out www.housingwire.com/2011/04/21/dallas-fed-finds-texas-housing
Shit, I always text and then realize she got her texting taken away.
On window washer duty!! #working(;
Gotta like the fight on the Knicks tonight......
Like!! RT : +10 RT : A4: When I am trusted, I am inspired to take risks and go new places
we skyped and also recorded the museums from each school.Uploaded video because of time differences betw us
This boy likes me and i kinda like him but we barley ever get to see each other and my cousin likes him but he dont like her what do I do
this was some rough shit. I can't go to Mayfair anytime soon.
' That's rite , check that Bitch lbs!!
This Thursday enjoy the sounds of The Craig Woolard Band during a FREE CONCERT in Festival Park !
Leah had another new playmate today. My friend Kris' baby Hayden. He's getting soo big.
aw omg thank you <33
I think the Girls are the strongest category, and any of them can win, but Rachel was the best of the three tonight.
We're looking at Greg Behrendt "He's Just Not That Into You" as our 4th for the comedy. The others hiked up their price tags...
Don't give up yet! The negativity is not appreciated.
RT BIEBER OR DIE. i guess Osama didn't choose Bieber....
Bro comes to town tonight!!! So excited
So excited for tomorrow night!!
How does the flow look today?
I hear you on that. Inspiration can come and go. Trust me. It goes hot and cold with me every day
AWESOME!! hey draetown!!:)
that sounds awesome, great promotion at Dodger Stadium
RT : Just because you think you're hot, doesn't mean you can pull off anything
people in the audience during this neutral milk hotel bootleg are discussing dr. who
“: Problems are only as big as you make them to be.”
Want a happy Friday morning? Turn on a "Motown" Pandora station real loud.
Holy god, that was the best meal ever. #brinner .
+2 pts to Vladimir for highest total judges scores!
lol i'm always a little slow. STORY TIMEE:D
#Business is easy business
My midget girlfriend just dumped me, sucks, I was totally nuts over her...
chill out u know me I go to ur school. But I bet u can't find out who I am.
My legs are still bruised and cut badly. #ItsBeenAWeek:(
"We should throw a silent dinner party since people just tweet at each other anyway!" on the future of social media
All the time...
“: "Jack White's Side Project" is the name of my new band.” you should Jack to guest on it.
Good morning! We look forward to having you stay with us! If I can be of further assistance, please don't hesitate to ask!
I know. And then he'll probably want a kiss. A roach first. Then a frog.What could be next, EWWWWWWW
haha. Umm. Beats, Phillips specked, some skull candy, Sony. Over ear or in ear.
so great to have you in today! Send us a pic of your new ink when it's healed up! :)
General Membership meeting coming up in May 2011. Time and Date is still being worked out, but there WILL be deep-fried pickles to be had :)
"God bless America, land that I love... ", wish i could sing...
Pretty good storm blowing in off of the Gulf. That will make 6 straight day with rain. Finally feeling like Florida. Need the rain bad.
What is happening is #syria is evil. #Asad must be stopped. He is "butchering is own #people everyday
SO awesome that Chesapeake Shakespeare Company is adding a Baltimore location in the beautiful Mercantile Trust building.
check out our facebook and twitter account tmrrw after 12 for an amazing dinner announcemt!
I'm now following my favorite actor :) His book The Elephant to Hollywood it's pretty awesome!
Hope you had a good weekend good luck with football brotha
Ah! 2 and a half hours with the teacher! My brain is about to explode....
All men who have achieved great things have been great dreamers
Ugh you get on my nerves , just stop speaking to me
I have 2 mondays left silly!we get out the 31st!lol(:
girl i am wide awake and ready where you at!
Really enjoying tonight's episode of #FashionStar . LOVE LOVE LOVE that taiko drummers were featured!
At gov McD inaug: had an impressive ceremony with native Indian tribes of Va in costume and drum beats.
Weds is here & TASTE A GRAPE & GROOVE is back(4pm-8pm), $5wine by the glass &MISSION MINGLE starts at 6pm. VMusic band will be playing!!!
is on fire to start the game.
On sports this morning discussing #Brewers finally scoring again, and winning again - plus a no hitter in their farm system.
On the road again...... Can't wait 2 get home 2 my fur babies:)
thank you for a great fall tour. Bobbi please reschedule your westbury show. Hope 2 see you all soon on the east coast
What's up hurricane Andrew rainstorm by tamiami airport?
I love how I called on Skype at school. Haha
Shout out to for the live stream to GA! #gc2012 Praying for everyone present-may God grant wisdom and courage!
princetonboo2princeton boo princeton is taken so dont trip
hahahaha im a really good child
I was praying for Sandy in Memphis “: Okay....Ill let you in on who the secert guest is for SOAM......Craig Shemmon...”
Problems are not stop signs, they are guidelines.
the little joked out..
The 5 Worst Grilling Mistakes Fix your flame tending flubs, and grill a better meal tonight
sudenly the nl central has NO stars
Off work yayy
Chris Hedges Joins us on Monday at noon in Freedom Plaza for a teach-in on "Death of the Liberal Class."
Enjoying #beer, food and a great presentation at 's new user group meetup location at SoftLayer.
I'm not heartless, I just use my heart less.
A marching band from Japan, their first time in the
India house show tonight! Sharing stories, photos & songs from our trip. Special thanx to & for helping :)
don't brake the code
Got up at 5am scooped my mega millions quick pick and now time to watch my mini me till I gotta work. Lotto gods change my life tonight lol.
You don't choose your family. They are God's gift to you, as you are to them. ~Desmond Tutu
still single haha
Who remembers this song??? Where did trick daddy go? Lol he fell off hard!
#BeALeader & help advance pancreatic cancer research. Cosponsor
SUPPORT MY DUDE RAYDO WIT THAT NEW MIX TAPE OUT TOMORROW!
no problem:P
Only you, you're the only thing I'll see forever. In my eyes, in my words and in everything I do.
Even if team COULD afford to pay Fielder, it would be a TERRIBLE idea to tie up that much payroll in this market.
Morning Beauty! Callback! First one with a US accent where they didn't spot it was an accent :D
You right! Thx lady!
has won our Twitter ticket contest for The Devil Wears Prada today. The day is now here, hope you guys are stoked!
The 2 articles for Thurs. are by Miner on the Nacirema (a personal fave) and Merry on Human Rights
More pro athletes doping to win
watching the Middle, great showw(: bbl
How is this possible?
I registered for #BbWorld11! Are you going?
Ugh school Tommorrow!! I was lovin my break why did spring break have to end so fast!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
if you need me im here love:))
#NodeXL downloaded 105,000 times. The easiest path to get, analyze, visualize a network. #SNA #Socialmedia #InfoVis #data visualization
Will do!
Just won my homeslice challenge for a discount. I'm kind of a god when it comes to paper-rock-scissors.
Me and you....You're the bomb!!!
Thanks for the follow Dana!
Contentment is not the fulfillment of what you want, but the realization of how much you already have.
damn. how old were they.
party at your place lol
I Agree Completely!!!RT = UNBELIEVABLE
aw! I love you bestfriend! <3
Girl i wanna play wit you...
RT : I own the rights to #zomblatt method. Please never use those 2 words together without paying the $19.95 usage fee. //
The old saw applies to Obama: He's the WORST candidate for #POTUS, except everyone else (I suppose). Where was the 'bold leadership'?
Knew something was missing! No #bankfailures on Fri., 5/11. 2012 count holds at 23. #Banks still sick. proves its still risky game.
I like spicy too. yum!
Still Crazy after all these years
Had an amazing time yesterday just sitting in Urban Outfitters, reading the funny books, & laughing my ass off with a handsome man.
We need to see more of it. Oh, and someone needs to put some hits on Torres.
Followed by Sarah McLachlan's "Angel."
CANTINA LOUNGE THIS THURSDAY! WINTER BREAK MASSIVE! hit up for more info.
Please join with in demanding fair practices with its ON AIR talent. Demand better for a great city. R/T please
Bayshore Apts is at it again! 2Bd + Den w/high ceilings!! Call 414-231-8810 & schedule a tour !
hey helping friends with jumpers what about you
Shiller: High stock returns in the past The bursting bubbles of the 1990s and 2000s caught most of the experts by surprise. Not Robert Sh
Regret Nothing, Because At One Point It Was Exactly What You Wanted.
lmaoooo! Listen the campus is in a small cute yet desolate town where the crime rate is 0% lol
I'll try my best! We perform tomorrow 2 also!
Wow - we hit a thousand "likes" on the Darkwoods Facebook page. Yippee! Thanks, everyone!
It wasn't, though it was a singer in that band.
can you switch the schedule to make y'all's first game tomorrow?! Haha I'm amped and ready for some soccer
Totally guilty of getting most of my political news from #JonStewart & #StephenColbert! EXCITED to see on J-Stew tonight! :D
What nice neighborhoods put out their garbage on Thursday nights? I need stuff. Yes, I'm serious. I'm this broke.
congrats my dude!!! U deserve it! Will be in contact soon
better have an amazing birthday <3
Everybody do ya thang and #FOLLOW #Now! FaSho!!!
haha if your lucky :P
It is official I just ordered my guitar..step one complete... now onto step two learning to play :D
every time I glance at ur profile pic I think it's the Chicago Bulls logo. Anyone else see this?
Sometimes you text a person with full of feelings and you get a blunt reply in one word.
Worked on the Jo book while eating chicken, orzo, and kale.
girl I miss you!! I'm back in Chicago we should def catch up sometime!
I been getting the hiccups all day. What's wrong with me? -___-
hopefully the readjustment goes slow and steady.
nah chill out with that
I don't even know what to say about that performance
absolutely! Feel free to shoot me an email & we can discuss further. Thanks!
US Airways owns CLT! Have not seen another plane anywhere. 80 & sunny here I come
2011-12 Eliot Rosewater Indiana High School Book Award Winner: Perfect Chemistry by Simone Elkeles CONGRATS!!
So. I filled up my gas tank 2 days ago. My brother came home for the weekend, I haven't seen MY car yet.
you never take a bad pic
Thx homie RT : well it is clear to me that your shoes are the tops. you guys rock. have a sweet chrismas 2012
If you still have your baby blanket
Wow! November. I'm really gonna miss iCarly! :(
I wonder if #theboss is struggling like I am this morning after the show.
Ditto! Been 2 long.
You never regret a workout! HIIT the Beach and then did Summer Arms #BeachBabeDVD Thank you for the inspiration ! You rock!!!
follow back:-)
Have been so busy - just back in NYC after 4 weeks in Texas
What happens w/the Heat if Bosh is done for the playoffs? Will they get by Indy? And are they the faves vs. Cs if he's out?
i recently moved to the Bay Area...wking w for a while and then who knows what's next :) loving SF!
How many joints you think this eighth is rollin?
my bars go over their head like a halo/ ill put a hole in ya bread like a bagel. lol
Ela R. Bhatt, founder of the Self-Employed Women's Association (SEWA), will address SFS Commencement on May 19. More information:...
I wonder if they did it via text message ; ) T-Mobile break up to cost AT&T $4 BILLION.
I bet if jay or kanye do it you will be all over there nuts about how hot it is": Hey Rappers: Trayvon's name is not a PUN!
is tommy pitching for you guys?
Yes, I know what you mean. But he trainings are excellent, and the food will keep you warm. ;-)
What the hell happens in maine anyway? RT : Hell u sending me an invitation to an event in maine I'm all the way in nc...:/
I don't think you'll have too much trouble :). It's going great so far, thanks for asking!
At Summerstage. McCoy Tyner has just taken to the stage.
"People with beards are the funniest people." -Micah, 4yo
Yeah, got me good on that one. *hides the Puffs Plus*
Working on a reality show for Al's Car Lot. Details coming soon! This is some funny stuff, can't wait to show the world!
YES abbs. Fully agree. Congrats on being done.
Live up to greatness.
Baltimore loses two great Steam Crabs houses Phillips and Obrycki's we will miss your service to our community! Thank You!!! Seafood Lovers!
hey! How are ya!
metro was empty too. I guess everyone is taking the day off to prepare for game 7 :)
a quote by "is there any wood in this car"
6 months later and my feelings haven't changed at all. can't you see how much i care?
Wow. Google+ is so pretty! Too bad I never use it.
thanks for the add...im following back...maybe help me out by a few shout outs? :)
how do you know ?
not sure yet. ill axx someone
My mom thinks my friends are bad influences. But honestly, I'm usually the one coming up with the ideas.
Nicely done guys! RT : thanks to everyone who listened to the webinar today with and !
RT : How many people would buy a nick barnett packer I phone app?? I would.
just played ZUMBA omg THAT'S A FREAKING WORKOUT
happy birthday to mr
Hi again L. So I haven't written on this directly, but there's lots of scholarship on the Supremacy Clause and the Treaty . .
idk what song i want to make a dance off this type of stuff is a good exercise lbs
No matter how enticing, reheated tacos are not the Breakfast of Champions.
If only 140 characters could turn into 140k!!!
=) i find that refreshing so whats your new project going to be about
Someone just told me my tattoo that says blow me is disrespectful. -_- lol
So... At The Drive-In is doing shows again...
If I lay here, if I just lay here would you lay with me and just forget the world
hahaha not sure actually. Hopefully soon! Did you find us on tumblr?
Thanks for the follow!
Yes we do! Any Gormet or small retailers near you? DM me their names and we'll hit 'em up!
its impossible to get noticed by but i knoe that it will happen #SOMEDAY so #NEVERSAYNEVER 72
Long ride back to spokane with
Dude, may I recommend some cunt-be-gone!
Twitter is going down. In less than an hour, the power goes off and Twitter will be hanging off air. It's already slow and it's still on.
i thought hurricane season was ovaa
More job title shenanigans: "[company] is looking for a Forward-Thinking UX Business Analyst" Yet again, a mashup that cuts prof. UXers out
The things i go thru with him , i wouldnt wish them on my worse enemy.
always a great idea
Thank! I am honored (I think)
Throw me some scripture that I should read
All we have scheduled at BN at present is the May 29 Mark Sultan show.
At this very moment I could shake my fist at the sky & say why but I refuse to get discouraged! I could really use prayer right now!!
Umm, I'm no hockey expert, but 3 Red Wings defenseman and the goalie following one guy to the corner seems like a bad idea.
Everytime I ask my little cousin who my boyfriend is he always says Justin Bieber<3 Ive even tried 2 get him 2 say other names but he wont(:
no way you have a twitter!!!!!
a new website! check out www.cellofury.com and let us know what you think!!
I always take my Mother out on Saturday. Places are empty. Just call it Mother's Day Weekend.
Go listen to ! Heard him perform live last night w/ his wife, Lauren = AMAZING!! Go check it out!
Good night!
Most of the #rinkrats are actually not #Rangers fans.
I'll open up a browser and I'll look back in 30 minutes and FF will be taking up 300mb of memory
": I feel you.. It don't stop.." No doubt fam. I know u know how it is. Be easy fam. I'm still blastin your LP. One
first email at today! and rehearsal dinner has been booked at le colonial!
we raise a glass to our friends , hope you guys have a blast tonight!
Thx 4 RTs You guys ROCK! Have a great Friday!
I am in the middle of nowhere in Spokane WA with no 3G.
"is it a late night or an early morning?" Lmao
Our Fall Classes are opening for registration soon! Also Yoga Day Camps during all school closures this Fall. www.facebook.com/YoungYogis
NO FLUKING , this is our plan and we're going fucking everywhere xD aha Beach & mall & tj xD ahaha idk everything (:
haha yes! Thanks man
the way I see it he's fair game until he signs.
my roommate is starting a blog...
#nowwatching boogie nights
A few more hours left for $5 Gyros! Chicken or Beef! Get here by 4pm =)
TY for the retweet! You guys are awesome! Happy Friday!
There's not enough corn in the world to describe that play!! Ha
omfg why are you so perfect
what's going on?
Itchin to take the boat out
Some people might as well post 'Wants Attention' as their Facebook status.
I'm gana be the bigger person and still be kind to you :)
I'm pulling for the RT : Does anyone else think the Pacers can beat the Heat!? I sure do! I am taking Pacers in 6
Do you think if Chelsea knew I took her first overall in my Survivor fantasy draft she would go out on a date with me?
"Building a Network Within and Across Agencies Sector" is having a great conversation at #NGGS11. Useful and replicable advise. Right on!
Good sports day! Penny jump-starts #SFGiants, #49ers beat defending NFC champs, Mauer does his thing in #Twins win and #Vikings roll
In my opinion, if you do drugs, you're automatically unattractive.
Job where are you?
A good workout deserves good fuel- bc I've got PiYo yet tonight! Fantastic #trx workout this afternoon! Japanese
After his strikeout in the bottom of the 15th inning, Cody Ross has now fanned five times. Chris Davis has also struck out five times.
Another awesome Friday thanks to Bossman! Get to leave at 1pm. Home in time for the game! :)
hearts beating fast.......
that has to be so uncomfortable
Ill chill u in a meat rack :scheme4:
I'm looking forward for tonight
What are you doing?
Good morning everyone
I'm being good -- on vacation but still planning a long run tomorrow. It helps that I'll be running in Georgia. :)
Hello everyone!!!
I better get to see you before you leave!
Ohmygoshhh. My heart is beating like crazy right now.
boys headed to porcini's??
watching boy meets world. nuff said :]
": IM SINGING TOMORROW AT R&B LIVE!!! IN SHERMAN OAKS, CA AT 10PM!! #TEAMSUPERHERO" :( Wish I was in LA #BOOM!
wow that's quick! Your nuts day before Easter
Umm I don't RLLY wanna say on here sorry. Look what he said: 9:07 PM it was made up by a bunch of gay doped up crack head (c)
Was #thatonepersoninschool who studied hard for test and still used to fail
Your awesome!
Please be sure to pick up The Gaze by Javier A. Robayo ( ) it is a beautiful #story that begs to be
Your #1 in my life girll but I have needs! ": cheating on me!"
It's #friday13th!!! Your black cat should buy a lottery ticket!
Scouting some creative areas of town for project material. #LasVegas,
them in n out fries smelt good bro!
is there life is my life <--FlyyGurhlBritt-->
only if you're driving on the road at the same time.
oh in LA lol I thought u meant NY
RFT “: I would never try to get at one of my friends ex's. Cause that ain't even a real friend.”
#USA DOWNGRADED #Shame on Washington left & right for the fiasco they have created It's always about politics.
all over the place lol
i have to admit that was hilarious! <U+E412>. Shit buy me a phone!
s/o & #followfriday to some of our new followers:
RT : Twitter is like the New Yorker: I love receiving it but never get around to reading everything I should
. RT : Hey girl, don't mistake my supportive embrace for a hammock of dependency
People are too sensitive, to the point that being afraid of offending someone is crippling productivity and new thought.
not invited
there hasn't been anything yet; there was supposed to be a library wide post about Open Access, but it hasn't happened
Yesterday the L.A. Kings became the first #8 seed under the current format of the playoffs to knock out both the #1 seed and #2 seed.
Lol G'night! :)
LATEST EVERYTHING:
Yay! At for some after dinner drinks! Hi Chip!
Super Service
ack, ants in my apartment. This is the first time I've had this problem at my current place.
School is SOO boring!!!!!
#iheartronswanson RT : How can you kill a show that has Ron Swanson?!
Jus got the job at Fry's Electronics happy af :)
good! I'm going on a field trip!!!! :D
wen I talked about u, how even c my tweet?
Watch out for the snakes. As you and I know snakes never leave the ground. They look as everyone fly. There is more snakes than eagles.
I LOVED Susan Scott. I want to hire her for the King County Chapter of Credit Unions quarterly meeting. They would love her too.
HI Ashley! We have lots of beautiful options for different budgets. Let us know if we can help you pick something! ;-)
calling for volunteers to help today to make signs w/ slogans 4 march. We will be meeting at the Cannabis Defense Coalition @ 4:20 Join us
HERES TO ALL GIRLS: You have to know your worth. Don't jump for ANY guy that's winks at you. Have self respect.
Skipped 1 and might skip 1 other assignment for a class this week. Soo not like me. :/
What's my age again! What's my age again!
hey do you have a link to that meetup?
Whose down for a session
Oh hey, it's Ashley. I'm the one going tp Leaky dressed up as Dick. xD
"We shall find peace. We shall hear angels, we shall see the sky sparkling with diamonds." Anton Chekhov
I'm sure this could be worded in a way that is easier to read: "If you do not wish to receive these details by email please untick this box"
Great meeting you this morning, and welcome to the Windy City!
Down goes Frazier!
Anytime i think i can......something happens and i fall back
Yay! Glad you like it so far. Thanks for buying it! cc:
It's a toss up b/c you need to be comfy. Nothing worse than workout clothes that you don't feel good in. Keep both :) see my DM
Can't believe I'm 4 days away from being 15 lol :p
what d'ya do if they schedule oral surgery for you and the surgeon doesn't show? 'more scots whiskey, drill sergeant!'
Indians/Jays game heads into the 13th inning
I'm so strong! I threw a baseball and broke my girlfriend's hand. No more hand jobs for me. #EGOBOOST +1
I don't know about you, but to me the cutting edge sounds awfully painful.
because they suck
who are these folks that say UK could beat an NBA team? Are they crazy?
That's happened to me too - buying a book I already have! Thank you B&N for reminding me I've already purchased a Nook book
thanks for following Everybody Deserves Music! Perhaps you can help us find some great deals for our students : )
When I talk to him first, it's because I miss him. When I don't, it's because I'm waiting for him to miss me
thinks the fact that the $139 kindle only has wi-fi sort of undercuts the excitement of the price cut.
get so hyped over mess that really don't matter. beef over law and policies that impact human lives not entertainment.
why thak you
MJ is going through a rough patch.
#ICantStandWhen People point out someone else's flaws but they can't turn a mirror on themselves.
Thank you! :) I don't watch the games ever, but I'm a Browns fan forever.
Happy Veterans Day!
Thanks you !
O.A.R is amazing! I fully approve of this musical selection!!!! :-) love you, btw!!!! <3
Justin Bieber is actually quite attractive.
way to go with the sexism!
I am officially over hyped on this weekend's championship games. bring 'em on...go Colts and Saints!!!!!
Thanks for all of your coverage of the #buffs and #Rockies. Can't wait to hear what you have to say on MLB network.
Independent music is finally in strongest position it has been in years!
I count myself lucky any time I get to witness a genuine cool buddy exchange.
Can you give me some video shoot for show with iphone and send on e-mail? and i send you questions for one interviews!Is that ok?
hello. wishing I was outside.
tanks for the follow
US :D
I love April Fool's Day. Always great to see so many friends found your true love, got engaged, or pregnant:-) The world is better this way!
If ur n Da ATX,i need studio time for my bday! Get at me if u have sum time for me cuz i really need to record
“: Never leave a drink unfinished. There's sober kids in Africa.”. bahahahaha
Check out our latest photos from Wholistic Life Ministries Revival Service!!!
nice! Thought I missed it
Strawberry Cheesecake Ice Cream! =)
Thanks for joining me here from guys!
Bringin it back
Realised i was at the health plex for 5 hours...
Long day... ready to put'er down for the night.
Blazers tanking the season intentionally? We're way to talented to be this bad every night...
The CON application submitted by and LHP Hospital Group to take ownership of Mountainside Hospital is complete.
No Stephen. You cannot. Also - are you in LA right now?
We are open two more hours today (til 4p). Come by and get a panini sandwich togo. You can grill it at home. 101 Stewart (at First)
I'll start that soon! I'm almost done with rescue me
Elk quesadillas, snuggling with my babyboo , wine, and 5 degree weather
I got James Cromwell: just won awards for The Artist, making finding other material so difficult. Good luck! #JMS375 (#JMS310W)
Back from hardcore training weekend. covered in dust from camping & running. Rode hills. Happy? indeed!
J. Hoberman being fired is the first horseman.
u coming thru today...
this cld make the #Packers more dangerous than ever, with the weight of the world off their backs, they can focus on winning a SB
Had a great time at the Alameda County employee appreciation picnic today. Thank you to all the men and women who serve the county!
how is tour?
Rangers 0-0 Motherwell | Scottish Premier League match report
Sorry, folks, but I've got Heat over Pacers in 5. You're just not going to beat LeBron + the refs unless you're great. Pacers aren't great
Xbox 360 capture card help? Ok so i want to buy a capture card for my xbox but i dont know what one works with...
Good luck on finals! Don't forget to breathe this week.
Hi Mary: I really enjoyed your session on Healing With the Masters. It was profound! Keep inspiring!
Something changing .. The air is lighter and it's cold ..My feeling that caped inside leak out .Plz not now or I'll sore back to the ground
Touchdown Seahawks!!!!!Way to go Matt!
Oh... she's a good one.
The GOP has NO plan for health care ... all they can do is bash Obamacare ... they are pathetic!
Hi Kent, interested in discussing how Kanjoya's emotional tool can assist you build customer profiles to best market them. DM?
What a great surprise! 6th grader brought her guitar and played/Sang Taylor Swift's song "Should Have Said No" for us. AMAZING!!!
I must say, all the steps that would be necessary to put in place the needed bells and whistles make me very tired
RT : Lesson for first days of school: Learn about the kid before you try to teach the student.
Maybe you will be on our set someday.Xo!
The Brew Crew up 4-2. That a Boy Braun!!
even though it's fucked up girl i'm still fuckin with ya.
I'm listening to your commentary to Some Nights on Spotify. You mention borrowing a sample for a never finished song. Killers?
hahah matt said he mentioned the purple helmated yogurt throwers...now that wouldve been hot!
replace the w with a b and u got it
Happy to report I made it through my doctor checkup without him finding out what I do bad ... safe for nother 6 mos ...
thanks for the kindness! theres more where that came from, currently recording a 2-song single. stay tuned...
Effing cum stain!!!
been for 1.5 yr. been in marketing lot longer!
My eyes are heavy -.-
Generally, I put my Pandora on Young Jeezy to get in work mode. Today, I put on New Edition Radio and I don't feel like doing a damn thing.
<3 it's been a great night.
man that was beyond depressing
thanks for the tours and locations!
it's been fun talking to you again. He's been quiet since hand injury. He's focused and ready. Hope he talks b4 game
Movie being shot in Detroit right now starring Laurence Fishburne....on my way 2 work....
Two moments that will never be forgotten. The first time you said you love me and the first time you broke up with me.
AS SMART AS YOU iS..YOU DUMB AS HELL WHEN iT COMES TO OTHER PPL...
parents fight. It's human nature! Try getting out of the house and going for a walk :)
I just came in from shoveling snow. Has someone said where he is standing?
sorry, but i don't know that answer… why do you ask?
Hungry? Text FacebookPJ to 90210 and you could win a #FREEPIZZA! Normal messaging rates apply.
Hey Amanda, this is Paula. Please tell me what a Fast Pass is for the convention.
“: Am i the only one who watches storage wars or” i thought i was the only one.
She's an extremely intelligent and outspoken person who is outsting the corrupt cronies. She's not ACTING ANYTHING!
Picking more #HAWMC Superlatives with now. Whose blog/which post that you read was your favorite? Tell us! :)
NBA Under 190.5 Phoenix @ Dallas. Good Luck!!!!
Thank you so much!
how do we get some tracks?
DM when u get a chance so that we can discuss a possible cell phone drive fundraiser for the #austinwomentech to benefit
so now that i'm totally pissed i might as well add 'keep your hands off my clock, assholes.'
Today is my #someday... will retweet me. #neversaynever 44
let's hang out!!! You need another gay best friend!!!!
This guy just wants to get his check n go home
Off to my dads house with my dog(:
NOBODY'S talking to me. :(
The actress who plays Joan, Christina Hendricks, may be the best actor on the show. Great subtlety and presence w/no bombast.
The awkward moment when me and have the same exact thoughts >
Buzzin bout to Crash
Finally The Wedding Is Over... Now Off To Sleep Tmrw Gunna Go To Six Flags Fiesta Texas (:
In America today you can murder land for private profit. You can leave the corpse for all to see, and nobody calls the cops. ~Paul Brooks
hey dude check your phone if you get the chance later!
now if only something with Robert Benjamin woul come on. Portnoy's Complaint perhaps ?
Wish 's twitter game wasn't so damn juice. All his fans wanna know
Trying to figure out how I manage to have anything left for a tennis match on Saturday morning.
lol hilarious. Had to clothesline my kid too.
For some reason whenever I tweet saying follow some1 else, most of the ppl follow me lol ppl r so backwards
why? You need anything?
Real talk RT : Ready to go home
My apple just exploded.
Couldn't find the right album today. that's it.
Forget it ..ima just go to sleep...
If you love that someone fight for them .
I look calm but it's killing me inside
That's bullshit if you can't play hard basketball.
I'm pretty sure I got like a 30%
you'll learn the ways ((: of the
If 'ilm was limited to extensive reading, a sharp mind, and having much info, then even today it would remain incomplete. -Mufti Taqi Usmani
not even.. pshhhh
Oh whatever
missed Hightower pick was out looking at cars...
That sounds like an awesome job!
:) Hey. Keeping an open mind is always a good thing.
Da only sites encrypted&protected from hacks r ones associated2 simonthunder.com Others exist soley'cause they advertise Simon Thunder4free!
ha looks like u should focus more on college now and fixing your grammar than worrying about after college
: Happy mothers day to the one and only
#BratsAdoreCher < I am interpreting this BRATS„ as in the sausages, which makes more sense to me
Your love is so sweet , its knocks me off my feet(:
THANK YOU 4 ALL THE LOVE AND SUPPORT! #teemadness12 VOTE PURPLE & CHROME
Love You Guys :D
I need to pee and this bell takes forever.
#WhileInARelationship trust has to be there
Hour and a half for.three innings of little league? Good thing for two hour time limits!!
Ha ha! Thank you Lois : )
yes totally, tools = extension of self. on unrelated note, i'll be in la this summer, we should meet up there. :)
I can't stand looking at you I swear
BET I'M BOUT TO DO THAT NOW
Why the hell do I cry during every Vampire Diaries episode?
Thanks Girls and Happy Saturday..Hope it's warm and sunny where you are!
I agree. But voice is more than just word choice. It's point of view and meaning ...
I made alot of mistakes
Thanks for the RT earlier this week!
Good night all!
Can summer get here any faster? Seriously i'm dying here!! haha! can't wait to see my girls and !!!:D
Haha. The Spanish announcer guys are calling Belichick "Billy Belichick." This is great.
So!!! is the new girl at ur school?!..Lucky her!!:(
I doubt it.
Happy #MothersDay to my awesome, loving mom Hope you have a blessed day.
HEY MOONMAN...U'R HERE...WELCOME TO THE SQUIRREL-NEST...NOW PLAY US SUMPIN SMOOTH..T/F/S..
My life literally consists of school, homework, work, sleep.... #repeat #busygirlprobz #<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0>
older is so much better. 40s sucks but 30s are PRIME.
Thanks for the follow, see you at your open house.
<U+266C> Want to see Martina McBride, She's performing tomorrow Jul 30, 2011 Solomons, MD, Calvert Marine Museum, don't miss her <U+266C>
Well it's a series. Lakeshow just need to get they're legs back. I say clear the bench and let the reserves get some in the 4th.
u can't wear dress shoes riding your bike to train station, you would look like a goofball <- wisdom from my daughter this morning
I'm soaking wet and cold can't wait to get home and get under the covers
thought that was a given.
Last presentation ever at Heinz tonight. Obviously will be djaying, storytelling..someone should streak
Told we are going to see the B-52s she said, "the love shack guys?" Yep. Not the "rock lobster" guys.
the best
Glad to have you as a friend!
Happy Hour always puts a smile on my face. Especially when The bartenders know your name and what you drink.
'Books are written in Cairo, they are printed in Beirut, they are read in Baghdad.' - cultural proverb, quoted by
RT : Shoutout my guy for the gear!! Much love my guy!! Good music wit coming soon!!
Going to try a run on this gorgeous day. Knee hurts but have had post-race runner's low all week. Need to clear my head & soak up some sun!
illegal cab?
If I was your butthole I'd nver let you poop
GYR3gr3hfiuk3jenc¶#@¶#@#€@O¶<U+2202>#«“@!! That's how I feel right now.
omg i got loose on the juice too! ended up blasting primus and alice donut down in studio with the fang bros
So tired... Can't keep my eyes open and I'm out to dinner with friends. This is awkward
Success in InCopy adoption--a freelancer came into office, sat down, started up font software & InCopy, made own (approved) text correx!
And he failed them how? Your a fucking dipshit. LIAR!!!
:) not much wbu?
It took radio 38 years to reach 50 million people. Television did it in 13, Internet 4, iPod 3, Facebook 2, and Twitter did it in 6 months.
Get to know one of our sponsors, !
My trophy of pogonotrophy is gone but not forgotten. After 6 months & 1 week, the beard has been sheared!!!
We love giving early Christmas presents! Enjoy.
Be honest with yourself about game performances. That is where your image is established.
#ParkerVegas still happening! Stop by our booth #1609 to get your posture on! Shirts are 50% off!
On Query Tracker it says you rep YA, but your agency website doesn't have it listed. Are you actively seeking YA? Thanks!
uh oh. where is this going. hate to see you in pain.
The weather really need to pick up here.
hahaha yes its harder to get to follow me than a famous person lol
play on!
mee (: thank god for battle of flowers !!(: ugh but the sad part is I'm not going downtown .. Ha
heart attack, party of one
RT“ Once you have the heart of a #Pisces, you will have it for a while.”
"It is cheaper to solve homelessness than put a band-aid on it" -- Secretary Shaun Donovan
RT : Mavs will continue their royal blue-outs through the WCF with shirts sitting in every seat beginning with Game 1.
congratulations, Mark!
LOL, It's official. I'm obsessed with the Hunger Games.
Toshiba announces three new Android tablets - BGR
Time for some Diablo 3. Aw yeah baby!
“: Writin my record for all u animals” Can't wait!!
I'm good still young but tall!! Hahah lol
I used to throw shirts out at suns games...the things people would do and offer to do to get one were crazy
Everything she does annoys the living hell outa me. I wish that bitch would just....... Move. Lol
- How about MORE Latinos and LESS stereotyped roles
"Way down, all I know your loving pulls me through - Yeah, I owe it all to you." ::mugison::to the bone::
meh city, except for the belly dancer.
Aaahhh! Gotta luv our technology impaired parents! My mom quit Facebook after 1 day!
I'll vomit
oh OK March I knew it was March ray ray kept saying february
Going shopping at centre court
Those are awesome!!
That's partly why they built the GT MC in 2011. You should drive one if you get the chance.
Lure or live bait?
that's what I was trying to tell you the other day
---I would love 5% of that for
I just want to say #ThankYou & #ILoveYou for being in my life I don't know what I will do if I didn't have you in my life #GodIsGood Amen
Well obviously since i read it it was about me! duhh! (:
We're bummed that our BBQ was canceled, but we are looking forward to the BBQ THIS Fri! Check out our blog @ auambassadors.wordpress.com
One more to go! Congrats!
Thx 4 the follow, looking forward to your twitts.
Great April 3 Daily Show (Mr. SCOTUSblog, neighbor--never met him) and Colbert Report (dog with peanut butter tongue defending #dcvote)
I just want to remind everyone that every Thug needs a lady!
hey hit me up when u get a second. I messed around and deleted my text message from you
At my baby's softball game
Every time I try to login to the Adobe site, it takes a half hour of "I forgot my password" rigamarole.
Referral program: Tell a friend about Strange Beauty Show and receive $10 off your next service! Easy discount ;)
Well, i don't curse anymore so i don't use the real word. I just use words like it :)
S/O my little sister Becky for getting some up to date music in my car!!
Looking for a Personal Chef or Personal Trainer? Hit me up I happen to know someone. I hear he's pretty amazing.
How to embed usability testing in organizations that have mentality: "if it ain't broke, don't fix it"? Any suggestions?
interesting. Safari update disable old, out of date, potentially vulnerable version of Flash
Two direct books for next week!!
Those hugs that make you not want to let go.<U+2665>
the world always needs more bartenders
Thanks for the wilco stream. I am totally rocking out !
And at half the quality ;)
can't b strong anymore
Matt Cavanuagh must be a discuss coach in track and field not a QB coach in the NFL if he thinks Tebow has good mechanics
Dam i hate waking up knowin i gotta go to school everyday. /: im so tired...
Put your money on the Yankees this year!
follow back plzz
On the phone with a hot babe! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Gym swag with ..super set or take ya ass home
Glad the the Browns got at least one Samoan from USC.
Happy mothers day to all my followers who celebrate it today!
Last night of overnights for awhile - I am excited to reintroduce myself to my bed.
Have a question? Don’t be afraid to ask! Use the #CLbrT2012 hashtag & put it out there!
Lets take a plane
The world is changing very rapidly. Big will not beat small anymore. It'll be the fast defeating the slow.
I just had a slow moment. I hate slow moments. Lol
But GOOD for the local economy! woot woot! :)
Jesus saved me. Hallelujah
mavs looking good vs. bulls
I'm like a magnet for that one person at protests etc. who just wants to ramble (and shout) absolute nonsense.
I feel like I am totally going to miss out on #missoni for Target and I am not pleased.
Fighting a spiritual battle while dealing with human emotions and feelings, baby I need you to trust God on this one with me, please<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BC>
I pray that Lakers comeback!!
RT : Get a new leash on life and adopt a furever friend...
Just watch...now our second baseman has a fractured wrist
Don't know anyone at Brownstone Park but I've seen it. Very accessible, busy spot! (Ask about repair policies and crime.)
I've done that twice in my new house!
fuck yeah! i got 50 dollars! on my way to see and OH! and c;
they are 6 hearts and a face loser
Friday is here. Family time with the grandson.
And Carlo, feel free to twist (well, ignore) facts to fit YOUR viewpoint.
- Prediction for tonight, #Arod and #Jeter both go yard and Nova goes 7 and gets the win.
is at work and counting the days to the National Championship Game! UT vs. Alabama...Thurs at 7pm! Hook Em Horns baby!
Do anybody know how i can upload pic into twitter , i keep gettin error message that the pic is too large. How do i reduct the size.
Today we discuss bell hooks' Black Looks. Let's consider the contexts in which/against which she wrote in the late 80s/early 90s.
Making progress on the next #SymphonyCrack record.. in it to win it..
I feel bad
Are there any ATL marketing jobs open or opening? Graduating in May & willing to relocate/travel
followed follow me please
Glad I could help! Your new place is fantastic :D totally need to find a time to hit up Ikea...
I think they are very cool birds as well!
haha! the perils of being self-taught.
Egypt is finally having elections. Hot Button Issues: new constitution, sharia law, more pyramids.
temped to I follow you
Last week had a patient almost crawl into my ofc. After intense treatment ovr 4 days. He is walking tall now. The human body is amazing!!
haha weirdo I miss you!
Basketball is my life bro ^o^
Gee. Wouldn't it be great if there was a way to travel this holiday season without the hassle of layovers and long lines?...
The bed bugs are so bad that you are seeking shelter with scientists?
Be so glad when Prince tours in the u.s.a there is nothing like a Prince concert you never forget that experience#teamprince knows about it
What did you do with that extra hour today?
when will we be getting lunch?
Thank you Steve Lavin, Jim Larranaga, Stan Heath and Kevin Borseth!
Like.. Who dance battle?
Hair? Check. Flowers? Check. Makeup? 1:30.
What is the best sushi in #NYC ??
what happened to Lil?
rugby team playing in prom dresses this weekend! gonna be awesome...
Did You know April is National Food Month? Stop by and sample some of our delicious dishes to celebrate!
Global Crash on iTunes, in the US, Canada, Mexico, Japan, Latin America/Brazil, Australia/New Zealand, UK/European Union
I'm tired of saying sorry when really you're the one who has done wrong.
is my favorite<3
Don't miss Mike Rodenkirch play on Saturday night 7-11pm.
Allergies are killin me
5th grader to educators: I've never learned so much about Chicago. In one day, I mean. Good job and keep up the good work.
u 2 SO will you please help me get followers ????
That is awesome! I so need one for Evangeline.
who said I can't have multiple resolutions?
no phone dude dm me .
hashtag. Follow Friday's. Etc...
Hope you're all watching on !!!
Nm how bout you? :D
Hello your boyfriend looks like a child molester.
So many people in one place makes for a bad cell signal. Hello, Opening Day!
Lol at this show *steers away from saying sth ageist*
one of many battles in this beautiful country whose govt does have 'interesting' priorities.
Humble yourself and you shall be honored. Honor yourself and you shall be humbled. -Unknown Author
Love em or hate em, is a marketing powerhouse.
Lucky you! Lucky you!
Oh I'll be back...So many more dishes I want to try!
It's the beer more than the fish. On me. You needn't worry.
God I hate it when people make me cry and lately it seems like that all anyone wants me to do.
I jus followed you :)
CASTLE HASN'T BEEN CANCELLED ALREADY?
plzz follow me
Love possible idea of NCAA Baseball tourney being all Best of 3 series until Omaha.. Would be more profit for NCAA also!
Both dogs are asleep in my office...it's like dueling snorers in here...
Hello Library, you mean mean woman....
Tim Tebow will be just fine at the end of the day!
: follow :p
NYC...and at all MLS special events and big games
Help us reach 2000 followers! Follow/RT for your chance to win a $100 AMEX GC!! Winner announced once we reach 2000!
#CNNTrayvon. Just realized that CNN was doing the Treyvon special, thank goodness for "start over"
I'm glad you dislike Courtney as much as I do. Why can't Ben see through her?
» Talking to an old friend makes you realize how much your life has changed.
Ms. Hurst, would you be willing to volunteer to do so? :) RT is anyone archiving this hashtag yet?
Tried it 90 minutes ago. Hey, it works!
Empty house?
Great training week.
I can't believe summers over and I start school tomorrow:/
then don't watch fool!!
Uhm.. So... is it to early to start bugging my mom bout #BELIEVEtour tickets? <3 were a month away omg! im dying <3
not sure what happened, trying to find out for you.
Sorry. Didn't mean to insult high schoolers with that last tweet.
I would if I could love!!!
BEND IT OVER
Hey guys i feel so sick *IfIRuleTheWorld*
(; I had ice cream again!! You jealous?
only if Thomas and O'Brien have a duet. "smoke break"
Im One Who Doesnt Like To Share
A good publicist...is familiar with the key media in a client's area of expertise.
I know I'm a failure
Haha Kobe missed a free shot.
Minneapolis-bound with and blasting The Proclaimers!
that nap>>>
Where there is love there is life. Mahatma Gandhi
atleast we're starting strong this game
When the script gets tossed after period 3. Glad we spent half an an hour meeting on this last night...
Compare comment about Ann romney to about Ms. Fluke, then we can talk who is waging a war on women.
What's going on??
we love you so much <3
lol under a rock called Killian with Brandon:P we haven't seen any of you guys in a minute, we need to chill asap!!
Do you see services like Dropbox remaining standalone or becoming part of bundled service packages?
Esty is a good website
your in luck, I have 2 ;)
Getting rid of Favre and then using that draft pick and getting Matthews.. .so masterful!
Seven more to one thousand
We went to GET MOTIVATED Staples Center today.Joe Montana, Lou Holtz,were a couple of the speakers.Bill Cosby was the icing on the cake!
Syracuse is going to win it all
I get deep in that pussy dig her out, surgery
#Dirk does a fade away when he shoots free throws..
I just signed up to the in SF on June 2. You need to do the same. I got your back. This is your motivation!
I could only dream 1 of my kids would run w/ me & stick w/ it. They think I'm just as crazy as my husband thinks I am. Good 4 U
My boyfriend is making turtle sex noises
why make millions when we can make..... thousands? *raises pinky to corner of mouth* muhuhahahaha..... muhuhahahaha!! Muhu..
Another long lonely night
Sometimes I make our painters talk in fake Australian accents.
We told my nephew to be patient with a bully, Karma would bring justice in time. The next day he hit him back: instant karma.
Ikr so pretty after my mom picked me up she was like who was the chic that left right before...then she said she is really pretty
I don't follow her. Just saw an article today and was like .. OK I forgot her for a minute but good for her lol
just found a dead hawk in a zoo exhibit. We're having a lovely time.
Thanks for your reply- yes of course, I went to Tokyo to visit FEG last summer! Do you work with them?
way to go Paul Humbler, check that, Phil Humor, something
MARIACHIS! Anyone up for a gig tonight?
#Caps GMGM confirms for the first time mine and 's report that it was a one year deal for Hunter
Good morning ladies n gentleman!!!!
RT : Sharing research is rarely simple. UCLA's Christine Borgman talks challenges/opptys at next talk on 4/9:...
OK, now somebody tell me something good and fascinating about North Carolina...
Oh, perfect! I'll dm you my email addy.
Mitt Romey will make Bush look like little league. Have n have nots for real.
Must a government of necessity be too strong for the liberties of its people or too weak to maintain its own existence?
Lol it was just fries that I had dropped. Sorry for getting you all excited.
A whole bottle of wine for dinner, that's fine :)
Mac Meezy on MTV
One that I can trust as well.
Thank you! Let us know if we can help you with your accounting and tax questions.
I think a nice lunch and a trip to barnes and noble are in order
you mean the warrior with the midnight face?
Just got home from D.C... Great trip but glad to be back in our bed and see our precious boys!!!!
Jordan Zimmerman is going to have Tommy John Surgery, not good news!!
Tell me about it =\
Big News, NY TIMES bestseller Gayle Forman speaking @ Westside Community Center next Saturday @ 10 am.
www.varsityjackets09.com NO minimums no set up fees on all our cusotm Varsity and letterman jacketrs Call Bob 702 510 9942
#USA women's soccer team 1 win away (fri vs Costa Rica) from #Olympic birth. In Q. tournament they've outscored opponents so far 31-0
all late lol. Just been chilling and you?:)
I just retweeted about the tickets. I'm actually at a conference in Orlando for a few days.
He was such a bad writer, they revoked his poetic license. - Milton Berle
appreciate it
We are pleased and honored to announce that has joined the cast of ! Support
Thanks for the mention! Re: Why Write About Bootstrapping? | Plan on Fire
sounds good!
I think my favorite thing about is the percentage of tweets that can be mistaken for the real thing.
bout to watch my girl dance : )
About to get my boys ready...i hate work...i think im go in late lol
We landed 15 minutes early...only to sit here because they didn't have anyone to drive the jetway to the plane. *headdesk*
Weak immune system! Get better though!
Just an FYI: Clintonville is in Columbus, not that other thing.
Hope you've got bullet-proof actors!
yeah, cheap and unnecessary
Getting over my anger and heading out to !
For the city ..
go to academy idiot. Why are you scared of that place?
Who's dressing as saints fans for Halloween? We are!!
I look forward to racers having OUTDOOR moto contracts only. Ditch the SX circus.
Working on a song about the civil war for school
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>, naw fck that, I'm taking Monday
The 49ers with Tebow reminds me of Steve Young days. WOW! With Harbaugh coaching is very intriguing.
Yay! Congrats on kicking butt!!!
French fries and hamburger heaven!!!
Civic Orchestra of Chicago audition in an hour. Let's do it!!!!
(jen) My six year old LOVES our latest animation project, so at least it passed THAT test.
Apparently #OWS is good for the barricade industry...
Can you imagine the pain & sufferng you mus endure in HELL for gainng at others demise & stepping on people? Fear your lord & make it right
really liked what he had to say. That dirty old hippie!
And just like that Yankees lose. Well i know who i am blaming #Yankees fan,And i think this player need some extra work in the batting cage
<U+25BA>F¦s¦l¦l¦s¦<U+03C9> <U+2730><U+2730> •••••>So if life has twist were is the straight way to success? Believing in yourself is the way to straight success.
Starting to think Kidd is senile. Did he just punch a camera man trying to side arm an inbounds pass?
Put a grain of boldness into everything you do.-- Baltasar Gracian
what? Was there a Chiefs game today? I thought we had a bye.
I see #sunshine, now that's what I'm talkin about
too bad that's not at all what happened
some rooms are still left on the Lakeshore with ArtWalk discounts too! www.ghartwalk.com
the litter box is now at "toilet level"
Thanks! It's not a bad time for a half, but I'd love to break 2!
I'm addicted to facebook games !!
u should come out to the run in raleigh at groad tomm
“: STAY #Blunted”
Informal training at its BEST! Plateau specialists answered LMS questions at BEER with KSO.
awesome bc its checked out here :) RT : i'll loan it to you - i've got it at home!
The whole team behind our all-girl indie film, , thanks you for advocating for ALL our bodies. We stand with you!
It took Dampier 2 minutes to get off his warmups.
I have so much to be thankful for this Thanksgiving! I am so full of gratitude. My wish for you all is warm hearts and full bellies! <U+2665>
Everyone come see at Swayzes tonight. We can crash some parties after. ;)
In that case, don't forget, Ruth's Chris happy hour is 5-7p daily! Have a great week.
Call for local bands, DJs, & singer-songwriters: Interested in performing this summer at #BkSq? Email us at !
people make fun of me for using a humongo 17" laptop, but they don't understand what it's like!
Fyi, changing username for clarity, to barbarajlittle
OK! Great idea.
I am a hot mess
Outside AT&T Park yesterday, our "zoning minds" in overdrive looking at the transformative power of zoning changes.
everytime I get a text from you I smile :)
I want to celebrate by listening to the Newsies cast album but I'm tired haha
love it!
I'm fresher than a mf
Since racial tension exists at EU (but, we do not have the corner of the market on that), I am trying to develop/choose a platform that...
thanks!! I'm sure it will be great
Up bright and early. Big day today. Time to launch another business. It feels good to offer a quality service and put 3 people
My dad was watching that show and I was like what is going on?
mom on her way
Trying to wrap my head around the huge bug-eye sunglasses trend. They don't really look good on anyone.
Follow #DigSportsDesk for great video, stats, stories and tweets during the NBA Playoffs
i adore Justin and Christian (:
it is the a close thing to having a shared American communal experience. I just don't know what it is teaching us to do.
I started watching the shark tank. I love it.
Best book I read this week: Unfinished Angel by Sharon Creech. Reminds me of The BFG and makes me remember why love her writing.
I posted a few more. All yours. Sal
what video?
follow me i follow back
The Holy Spirit leads, guides and prompts us …but He leaves the choices up to us.
Nice chatting with you too! Love when Michelles can bond over food.
wish we could, already have plans. might be around, not sure yet. Next week maybe?
This spray paint smells funny...no wait...it smells HILARIOUS!! DID GOD GET A WAH-WAH PEDAL OR WHAT?!
I love you guys
It's weird that sticking my finger in my eye is part of my morning routine.
The Farmer's Market in Monument Square is open tomorrow right?
Is there a way to create a segment that only includes pages that were referred from the homepage?
Damn you Daylight Savings Time, I have to be heading to bed now! And I still have so much to do! Ugh. Losing an hour sucks.
where my spaghetti at
Great song, Should have included "pussy" in the lyrics.
I gotta see ya tonight
HEY GIRLIE! HOW IS YOUR PROJECT GOING?
all's good here. just working hard, thank goodness. lets catch up soon.
you should come back to DC
O wow, no sleep.
We're glad you like the tunes!
: It's like they wrote that just for me
thats cool and good. Have to make that money
I'm repair man man man man man man man man
When your prissy side-comments suck, they aren't funny. It just looks like you're actually trying to be rude.
#OurTime RT 15 innings, and 13 straight outs that didn't leave the infield. Inspiring offensive performance late
RT : People connect with people, says - Anyway you can connect human-to-human is good for #video :D
/// Here we go...once again I see Laker fans on this bitch reciting championship history again..
If I had a chance to leave this town and never come back, I wouldn't even have to think twice about it.
I'm glad it never came to violence, though I'd love to see what would do if that were the case.
Happy for the opportunities I have had in the past, and excited for those to come in the future. Here's to continuing to grow and moving on.
": If Twitter were high school, #Aries would be the bullies."
#SAFAFTRA #oneunion yeah-yuh!!! I totally just teared up...getting verklempt...talk amongst ya'selves.
We Rollin Pittsburgh deep
have fun in NYC !! wich i was GOING !!!!
ima message you
nobody likes you
Going to try and make some more toy cars this weekend, buses and something new I just thought up six months ago.
what it is, what it do, whatcha workin wit.
although... I *was* married once, so not sure where that says about me.
“: People spend about two weeks of their lives waiting at traffic lights.”
Taking care of TWO babies.
Not here in Milwaukee Fabulous Friday for Maintenance!
“: Oh you corrected my grammar again. Tell me more about your social life.” I think you would like this one
Aww you want me dead? That means you care I exist (:
Game on!
Felt the baby flopping around in there for the first time Sat. as I was changing my infusion set. So bizarre/rad!
I see you , I don't fuck with hard , all soft lol
Glad you came in to see us! : Loved seeing #Shirley and friends yesterday!
I'm so excited to be joining the MHPN board!
yeah fosho I'm down, you still got my #?
JVG going off.
Discount code for 10% off entry to the Todd Durkin IFC: SFEIFC10 visit www.sandyfeetevents.com
Pamela Saunders "It's been so long since I made love, I can't even remember who gets tied up." ~Joan Rivers (LOL)
nice to see you on Twitter, thanks for following us + for all your support for PHAME!
Yep, tomorrow back to normal life < Isn't Normal too boring? ;-) Keep it simple, but keep it special: keep it yours!
Im Tired As Hell Tho!!
The car
I can't wait for you to perform again in the Bay area!!! I hate I missed you last time.
Pres Zardiari of #Pakistan.. dude lets chill while ur in town I've got a few questions
ah but they aren't. You can get $12 bleacher seats :)
“: are banana clips still in style?” they are in the Midwest.
is it weird that watching people draw feels cathartic?
girl's attackers were so kind to cover up her indecent exposure when they torn open her shirt...how kind. ths literally made me sick
Vision of Love
is scared
that waz not funny
Watching all these shows and I just wish and dream that I could have the chance of being on one of these.
Follow for the latest on youth using tech creatively
kettle bells are always fun.
Watching "Let's Stay Together" with Viggle. Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Please, Please, Please follow me and I'll dm you my secret plan to make my bff's dreams come true.
Smells like ancient poop in the restroom. sorry that i even know
“: Penguins cannot walk backwards. They are too top heavy and would just fall down.”
For the next 10 hours swing by Five Star Burgers and get the deal shown here: $5 Margarita Tuesdays!
What u doing for Nye?
it comes on in 2 1/2 hrs but still I wanted to see it now!
Just sending a word of thanks to all my followers. Writing music right now. Holla Back !!!!
ass up nose down, bitch i do it! ;)
As a business man myself, the goal of business is not to hire people: it is to make a profit with the least people.
where are you located
Thanks for the mention!
This is gonna be chipper jones last season....i hate it but it is what it is
FOLLOW ME GUYS!
ah mitch I miss you too can we be close again...?
Awesome weekend of baseball, now 7 more straight days of baseball.
glad to have been there for you! Happy Friday!
It is pouring down. Lord. This is sleeping weather. But I am up. Headed to work.
I can't even change a tire, but today I made two different mechanics "check [their] man cards"...yeah, I know my girl.
don't be.
haha yeah till I drop ! Lmao
I like how koran changed his verse on humor like a nigga not suppose to notice
In enforcement of the ObamaCare mandate penalty, IRS says they will not lien or levy - but they will offset your tax refund to collect
you guys did awesome in Stamford :)<3333
youth day still is, jus depends where ya at
Thinking my daughter gave me her stomach bug. Thanks Jessica......
I maybe too late. But Starbucks, I'm addicted.
Just posted a rough teaser of 3 new songs we've been working on!!! Things are starting to turn around for us, after we get the songs...
Watching on right now. G-O-R-G-E-O-U-S and inspiring.
Going to get my largest Google Adsense check yet mid $X,X
Mike a lot of the "fans" have never been alive when the Yankees sucked. It's all they know win!
Since we are independent agents we have a variety of Insurance Companies to quote insurance for your Auto and Home.
Strauch: "We are here today bc of the choices you made...to drink 3x the legal limit and then take...2 pills of Ambien." Agrees.
Yea had some issues! Workin Now..
With Lexy at my brothers baseball game in Azle! <3 im bored so text me!(:
Holland America Line new low fares for Holiday departures & new low fares for 2012 Alaska cruises round trip Seattle! Call us! 800-803-7245
you are following so many people but not me :(
Welcome new tweeps! Will do more shout-outs later, gotta scoot! More Mahler this weekend! Will tweet from #rehearsal on Friday. :)
#Randomfact my closet NEEDS to be color coordinated
Somebody made my day today by sending a msg on FB saying teaching is one of the most honorable of professions; wasn't an American. :)
tonight, we are young, so let's set the world on fire
Aw man that was cute! All my boys on MTV!! Did you love it?
I dont think anyone understands how badly I want to act; the need I have to become an actress :(
#CorporateGreed: Let me guess, the president is in on this as well?
Have a great evening.
No. Haha. Drake, Jason derulo, ke$ha, rhianna, eminem, Katy Perry. U?
Woke up today in rural #KY and local news station reminded viewers that #OWS has alternate ideas for
RT: ": If your not happy you need to reevaluate your situation ..control your own happiness." true
Windows down, shades on, bumpin The Weeknd.
there are a ton of annoying people here tonight.
Congratulations on the verification!
Never worry about numbers, help one person at a time and start with the person nearest you. Mother Teresa
No way! I would love an all-LA series. I'm just commenting on the beard. :)
I feel like a bad friend to ppl cause I automatically hold everyone at an unfair standard D: I can't even help it...
Jack White?!? That's fucking racist.
Chin up, Kevlar. Your castle awaits!
Anderson comes up big again on a nice shot by Boyle. Boyle has really played well for #NYR in this series so far
You might be the reason I get head aches..
For to be free is not merely to cast off one's chains, but to live in a way that respects and enhances the freedom of others-Nelson Mandela
is this good or bad??
learning 4th grade music in advanced choir smh
hahaha it's not creepy at all! :)
YOU ARE BETTER!! <U+2665>
I hate feeling so disappointed. I can't change what has happened though.
If my liver could talk it would call me a dumbass
Fuck you if you are a slumlord serving eviction because I asserted my rights as a tenant.
packing fucking sucks
Bambi<U+2764> #children.movies(: #old.time.memories!
Super City remains America's largest ashtray. Thanks Will Indy ever be #smokefree?
Watching Survivor: One World with Viggle Wed | 8PM | CBS Get real rewards just for watching TV.
okay my love, I'm looking forward to talk with u again ;) xoxo
we will tell Michael Shannon you said hi
-> : "Biggest mLearning challenge is consolidation. Ppl don't want 2 go multiple places 4 tidbits of knowledge."
I have wondered if abjection IS divine. It certainly has come coupled with #divinity enough.
Bout to watch some basketball
at talking about twitter
my hat goes off to all you veggies and vegans out there <3 I could never give up burgers lol
LOL! My hair is STILL natural. No need to inbox me about a perm I did NOT get.
by the speakers are acting all cra cra!
Started watching #GameofThrones season 1 on demand this past wknd & it's fair to say I'm addicted.
Tomorrow: From 2-3pm, Children's Book Reading. 7-8:30pm The Medium John Rogers will be here.
follow me ;)
Goodnight twitter & sweet dreams.!(:
I know -.- sorry if you opened the link
She just gave me her cookies, so delicious.
Surprise. Gaddafi is just raving mad.
Had a consultation for a downsizing / estate sale. Has the makings of a FAB sale. We'll know the details tomorrow.
Nothing in the fridge? Put a pizza in there! Pizza Shuttle delivers till 4am on Saturdays.
you're quite welcome :)
Sorry Denver seasons over
I find this plan to be perfection.
Just voted for Justin Davis in the Food Network Star Fan Forecast. /the-next-food-network-star-fan-vote/package/index.html- you should too!
Shout out to my new followers! ;)
At Crown & Anchor, arguing whether mean, median or mode is a best average.
it's on my new favorite route home!
And how come they don't announce it when we're three hours late?
Kampman's tough. Good luck! RT : Sociology final tomorrow, lord give me strength!!
My UX team rocked their Q1 update to my boss, CTO Great job demonstrating the value and impact of UX - yay!
If you are looking for a low cost SEO who is always there for you! Call Mark at www.WebPromotion.com at 703-722-6012
My opportunistic tweet of the day RT I love that Beyonce say Drive Safely. Most glamourous traffic announcement
Lotta smells today Chicago.
aw wow…i get the statistics part but the math not so much…im trying 2 go 2 law school not be a math teacher lol
cry about it
Just got rid of two huge garbage bags of clothes and still seems like i have no room. Purge #2 begins
#ShoutOut to people who don't text one word answers, better yet to the people who text back paragraphs :))
who would you like to see
you're not Lying... Whole downtown has their heads down walking around.
i love fugazi.
JUSTIN STAY FOREVER IN BRAZIL.. Yes please do. America has enough pussy's
Tryna finish this econ homework but my pen keeps falling on the ground....
What happen
#occupydc and nurses from Boston marching down K st.
be back on l8tr :)
Still asking myself the same questions. What makes me truly happy? What's the purpose of it all....
Work flow.. feel like shit.. Missin my babe ! Can't wait to go home !
If you truly love Jesus, it's reflected in the way you treat ppl. OK, disagree abt politics, but you'll never draw them to Him when u hate.
What I #respect more than #goals exceeded r #values honored. #character and people matter more than numbers.
My abs are burning ! #BobbyMcAndrews really kicked our asses in #boxing class >_<
oh shit girl. good luck. i went for one years ago and have never been back
cuz im chill like that
Being subtweeted about <<<<
Fruity pebbles is the best cereal by far
Thanks, I needed a laugh.
move to Cali!!!
RT : The golden rule for every business man is this: “Put yourself in your customer’s place. – Orison Swett Marden...
Bynum got mad gray hair. Ain't he like 24?
Hey there, (sumware), thanks for the follow! Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
RT Saw the UC Davis Pepper spray video again this morning. Why is that "Officer" that sprayed those kids not in jail? ../EXACTLY!
Lol thank you! :] and I wont forget
wishing performers a HAPPY NEW YEAR in advance of the madness that will ensue tonight !!
On my way to my sister's dance recital! Go Tinsley!!
Whoa! Score!! RT : Just found The Poetical Works of John Pomfret, published in 1797 in the donations bin. Crazy!
Having gotten Yes & No on A mailers; thought the "No" was a lot stronger, but not this strong.
lol… Barkley. "Who the hell would name their kid Kawhi anyway?" Hey Chuck, 'Kawhi' is about to have more championship rings than you do! :)
Just met Dominic Monaghan (Charlie from LOST) at the SSF with It was awesome
Some people are you celebrities on Twitter! Then in person, well even my grandma is cooler.
Boxing was not something I truly enjoyed. .. Sugar Ray Leonard
#Vegas was so crazy! Best time ever with !! now for halloweener!
thanks for CodeDay invite, but I'm checking out a bit right now
ill be the judge of the hotties!
Bo senses Mr. Bennett and UVA is close to tapping the Pipeline
Had the last of the homemade strawberry wine last night...
ill upload more right now
don't worry I defended u the same.
Alright Roger Goodell you better get your mani, pedi and hair permed before announcing the Cincinnati Bengals you fairy!
Did you know that I also perform surgeries in Beverly Hills, CA? Located at 9735 Wilshire Blvd. Call for an appt today: 888-Lex-Docs
I thought I heard singing from the lair : )
even if it's REALLY shitty improv? Like in a middle school cafe shitty?
Long hair. >> short hair.
RT: Cant. Stop. Reading. Hunger. Games.
Kentucky Yale beer <3
Ah no, did I just become a character on #Portlandia for wanting to go to OCAC?
whiskeytown - sit and listen to the rain
will u marry me?
. Thanks for the #ff love!
I never meant to be gone so long
If anything this kills UW recruiting in the future, so either way Bo gets what's coming. NCAA still holding athletes hostage.
"open a night club called eclipse, it's open twice a year, cover charge five thousand dollars."
ninos :) we never online at the same time
and in the process, making a corporation filthy rich, well, it should give you pause.
that crazy guy...say hi to him from me!!
the opening line says "PepsiCo Inc. desperately needs some razzle dazzle to boost its brand." Michael creates that?
our Q's in '08 and '10 weren't identical, but political soc. networking users went roughly 2/1 for Obama in 2008
ppl that dont get ur humor thought u dissed the Princess <3 I love you
Quote of the day: A learned blockhead is a greater blockhead than an ignorant one
it's great to connect! hope you will check us out 2nd weekend in november. we throw an awesome dance festival that showcases
It's all about da West biiittccchh!
It's raining... Yay.
All night printing session in full affect!! Stripping away the dead fat of my portfolio. Feels good to lose the weight. My gut is next!
Last time there was a rape like this in Denver Kobe was on the other side of it.
Y is it that therez gotta b someone missing when u have a packed house...
no we weren't shutup brooklynn your giving everything away(:
I bet is probably thinking, 'i love when my wife shouts motivational phrases her old softball coach used to say.'
Can not wait for Christmas time! <U+E448><U+E335><U+E022><U+E033><U+E112><U+E32E> #family #friends #food FAVORITE time of the year <U+E32B>
Um. For real? That is like asking someone to perform surgery without training. Ok, not as extreme but you get what I'm saying.
Im in my bedroom with the door closed. I just heard my roommate in the kitchen down the hall hock a loogie. So this is what love feels like.
**You and Me By: Lifehouse:)** <33
Im so addicted 2cream blush!Use a powder brush to apply to the apples of ur cheeks,set with a light powder if you need xtra wearing time!
#IfYouKnowMeYouKnow idont care what they think
The crowd erupts in a chant of "thank you" as future state senator Lori Compas is on stage.
where u at maam
Amare will shatter his other hand now.
I moved to the left side of the couch tonight. Gotta switch it up, ya know?
Wow that was a shit night of sleep!
We'll send him supportive Three Squares Greeting cards.
As if Pinterest wasn't interfering with my work ethic enough, I'm now obsessed with Polyvore.
Tell me about it! Lol I'll be in NYC for a bit mama but when I get back #itson let's do the Runyon this week!
Yes! We are the SUPER and we adVISE you to back da hell up out my face!
RT : I wonder what Kanye put in Kim's keister basket last night a fat hog u dumb jock fuckhead
RT : For Charlie Sheen, his apocalypse is now.
Honestly, you don't have to wait to be a megamillions winner to quit that research department! ;))
Police chatter of evacuations.
Looking for a small crew of people to come hear me teach/preach on worship and the temple at Union next Wed at 9am...can anyone come?
Thanks Jaclyn, you too!!
thank you so much for the wonderful event - I am truly honored to be a part of it.
"Waiting for a user to say: "Is this working? It seems to be down." should be regarded as a monumental failure in monitoring""
#ItsCuteWhen my boyfriend kisses me and doesn't want to stop!
is an inspiration to all us Beliebers, he taught us to follow our dreams, have confidence and BELIEVE in ourselves! :)
#NowFollowing another #Dope photographer
I need more followers...
ALERT: #TEDxUSC today. Afterward they'll retreat into a cloud of smoke & congratulate eachother on being masters of the universe.
how about all of the above RT: The #1 distraction in the bedroom?...TV (other offenders include pets and cell phones).
i saw you climbing out a window in ford heights
One thing that sucks is when you try your best on something for someone...and they seem not to care.
@ her lmao. I feel you. Miss it 2 RT : &amp; the love died. i miss our pointless convos about ..... yeah that person
Sometimes I use Twitter.
I couldn't agree more... I'm counting down the months till next season!
Well Ale House beer is hardly commercial, what did you have, I have heard good things about the Polish Moon(milk stout)?
Mattel Reiterated at Neutral
you have amazing graffiti
Spartans win big yen title go Sparta!!
Note: If you ask for / buy the leanest beef filet at a store, you WILL end up with a flavorless hunk of meat. Fat = flavor.
#10favouritebands cheetah girls
Thanks for the follow ! One of my absolute FAVES!
Possibly cousins...
Condolences to the Chin family. RIP Joel Chin.
Any sign of duels and / or army / large-scale battles? Maybe you are not far enough into it yet..
Thanks for Your obvious High Mental Energy; I listened to the music, that genre is WELL represented in my collection of sounds
The bus driver and I just made a wordless agreement. He opened the door at a stoplight, so I won't mention who blew through my stop.
If u still in SA u gotta try Mi Tierra RT : Starving for some Mexican food.
We would like sardines for christmas. That is all
Sorry to see your series end. As a Govt pro, I loved the campy portrayal of the Intel Community. Great five years. :-)
That's great! We're happy to hear the books have a good home.
#WeirdFactAboutMe Everytime I Look In The Mirror I HAVE To Make A Silly Face c:
hahaha I love you!
13. #Dodgers 4 #Brewers 3 | Afternoon affair / Matt Kemp asserts his power / we'll take two of three.
Do you need more followers, likes, etc? try the site on my profile. It's free promotion . Hey lets follow 4 follow
cuz im the foolish one that u anointed with ur heart
#PGA on Wisconsin!!!! Go Stricker and Kelly!!!
Well, you have perfectly described you and your friends pet names for each other. Very enlightening.
This made me lol. We'll see how all that hopey changey stuff works out for ya.
#AnIdiotAbroad Poor Karl...
heh, been too long, might have to. next batch.
When people mouth back to teachers. .
yes and then alive is in stephanson so i will get to see what its like !
People are becoming obsolete, thanks Apple.
we specialize in distracting you with great historic Philly photos!
Please take time out today to remember the thousands of people who lost their lives as a result of the September 11, 2001 attacks.
We don't have one where I am but I stock up whenever I find a TJ. They have some tasty food!
Happy 30th to me! If the 30's are anything like my 20's, then this next decade has some more #awesomeness coming its way!
I work out so I can feel strong and healthy, & so I don't feel guilty spending hours lounging on the couch with my nose in a book <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
haha! for being an awesome McCurdian! :) and you're welcome!
I was supposed to tweet this yesterday but, Summer vacation has officially started
Any analysis on how the 2010 Census/redistricting will go down in light of Tuesday's results?
there's no cure. The key is to get your brain into stage 3/4 sleep @ night 2 lessen EDS. Are you being treated?
“: lol that's a luxury assumption you should cherish it lol” I dont want to be African lmao
Damn it's cold. What happened to that early summer we had in March?
Going to see #thelionking tonight. I was in 6th grade the last time I saw it on the big screen. Wow.
LOOK OUT #SanAntonio.. Here come the #CLIPPERS!! RT : Clippers up 80-71 w/ 28 seconds remaining in 4Q
You see, I'm not really all that complaining. I think my crew is WAY better at
Build resilience. Diversity in geography, scale, production, backgrounds. Balance local w/ (inter)national. Great talk by Dr. Hamm
I'm experiencing my first ever gaming hangover.
I'm excited c:
Whats up Brewer nation! we are here finally after a long winter wait. it's here. this is my first opening day. how are ya!
being against medical cannabis is outdated, 13yrs ago done, why holding your prejudice? The rest o state moving on.
didn't think so! thanks for your response!
Give thanks for what you are now, and keep fighting for what you want to be tomorrow. ~Fernanda Miramontes
OMG THEY GOT NEEDLES AND SHIT . HELL NAWH , THEY GONE STICK THAT IN MY MOUTH TO NUMM THE PAIN
Please, please, please watch Jon Stewart's extended online interview with Jim Demint. So good.
A Singer/Artist has the courage to expose himself on stage,not to give in despite the criticism and to take action against all odds.
I had a tennis lesson, ran 4 miles + lifted weights for an hour. I'm EXHAUSTED!
: I completely agree!!! Find a beautiful way the bless someone's day!
We'll have to have a action extravaganza when I'm not sick
Don't you mean one of the 5th or 6th rated QBs and WRs? Both were projected 2nd rounders. They're not steals, they're reaches
Yes and, we should hand write a letter and mail it to your congressman to pass the jobs act! This way we help the postal service too!
how was your pizza last night <U+E057>
Former Cat. Current Cat. #BBN RT : Rondo's the best overall PG in the league
George Zimmerman is being charged with 2nd degree murder. And he is current in custody. - WSB TV
The only good thing is that it's ruined me for any other kind of cupcake.
You always say ' The right guy will come' well . . . #WhyCouldntThatBeYou ?
He's trying to make a case that the vote/plan is because of NCLB only.
So happy 2 c my pharmacy patients today. New state managed care Rx program causing much confusion. #txlege decisions effect many negatively.
Wow didnt see that coming
#keepin it clean like a washin machine :) hahahahaha just seen a shirt with that on it !
Congrats to for being named C-USA Player of the Week! #StayHumble&Hungry
oh you know! Thanks you actually got a twitter?
thank YOU for being bored one day and making a music video!!:) <3 without you, there would never be Angels <3
Thanks for the follow! Great coverage. Look forward to checking out your Facebook page.
The IN State Fairgrounds is on the IMM course. They experienced a tragic accident. Please keep those involved in your thoughts & prayers.
I'm the new cancer, never looked better and you can't stand it~ #flashbackfriday. Reminds me of in the jeep.
keep them crazy dunks coming, forget them Fakers!!
#mycrazyobsession hair, hair, long beautiful hair...
Gotta say I am loving the backlash at #applebees and #ihop for switching to #pepsi. People LOVE their
What's happening? THE WANTED EMCEES newest single "Wanted the Illist" is what's happening. Download on iTunes or Amazon TODAY! Peace n <3 Yo
hello ex girlfriend, happy new year as well! I hope this year brings us happiness!!!
The 16 players still on this roster from the 2007 NFC Champion Game are looking for revenge, I hope they deliver it too.
I will be there, too! Fun fun!
since its raining I am not responsible for how ugly I look today
congrats mots! so proud of you!
RIP Junior Seau
Really cool! So you basically take old unwanted books then hollow them out for special orders and such?
Laertius Diogenes~ Chilo advised not to speak evil of the dead.
And this time I won't forget!
I love you too!
Thanks so much for listening!!! Help us spread the word :)
I do
"Behold the turtle. He makes progress only when he sticks his neck out." - James. B. Conant
Randy's during anatomy? Check.
Facebook is getting on my nerves, Twitter is my new love
Eatin cheddar biscuits at red lobster nigguh!!
Why are all of the police stations always downtown?
": wow you got in before " She is probably still puking
when is your last final?
Tallest man in US travels from Mpls. to Mass. for custom shoes
Laying on the floor cause im too lazy to get up and it's comfortable lmao xD
Horrible sound tonight at the Rock Hall event and embarrassingly rotten $8.00 Coors Lites. I'm a fan, but just FYI.
we need to collaborate & listen lol
It rips at my soul that I've already spent a week failing to get some (any) Linux variant to do what OSX could do after minutes.
More web updates today, both Records & Archives. I've already crashed DreamWeaver 3 times in a row, so I suppose that says something.
I'm lame and boring hi.
My good friend is a grand maestro. and one of his pop songs was just on TV.
Preparing for the Petroleum Show in Madison WI. Hope to see some of you there.
Wow! Well said! RT : Sow a field of courteousy: Reap a harvest of advocacy.
Excited to see everyone at Essentials 201 tonight!
Yo!!! "I Am The South" is my shit!!! Bullseye on that joint Fam!!!
Smart man + smart woman = romance. Smart man + dumb woman = affair. Dumb man + smart woman = marriage. Dumb man + dumb woman = pregnancy
you're one of the best human specimen on this earth. Im afraid ill have to abduct u. We're lacking perfection on mars.
How many folks do you know who work for Amazon S3? :P
Listening to one direction and playing frisbee on wii!
Possibly, but that is probably because it is such a fantastic episode!
being inspired by Palin is like being educated by Billy Madison.
I'm quitting. I can't take it there. Matt told me to take some time off if I'm unhappy
Can you believe I left my prepared statement on my desk. I had to wing it at this council meeting on Human Svs.
GHOST: The Musical? It's official, Broadway is out of ideas.
and ready to mingle? ;)
I thought you were saying my name, but you were saying the word 'Tell'
So true Jenn- hope you have a great weekend too.
Everywhere you look is a blessing :)
I'm trying to make Skype work but the Internet hates me! D: WHY
you guys always make us proud <333
I'll likely get a little time in tomorrow but not much haha
aww, shot. well that just made my night. ;) hahahah.
its Weds and if you wanna stand outside Tiff's its all yours!
Just got home, I swear my bed has never felt so comfortable!
Thanks following & I'm NF back & will be adding u to Instagram :)
“ Girlfriend = FaSho pussy.. Ho = Some mo pussy.. Don't lose your FaSho pussy, tryna get Some mo pussy, & end up with NO PUSSY..”
We love you back! :)
When I suductivly lick a spoon, it turns my best friend on;)
How does a team select a QB that's only played for a year and a half??? Sorry Dolphin fan's but that's horrible
13.5 hours until I leave for my surprise!!!
oh! :( you almost gave me hope! lol
I miss Kennedy.
Very excited to speak to the preemie mamas at today's Lunch and Learn! We feel honored to be included in the panel.
if they do I'm about 50 bucks poorer.
He said it! "The aim and final end of all music should be none other than the glory of God and the refreshment of the soul." - Bach
I wanna cuddle
shoot us an email to and we'll make sure you're taken care of!
Bottom of the 5th #Dodgers on top 1-0 over the
I seen Daisy from rock of love!!! Just sayin:)
They're forever coming home in my coat pockets from random launch events, etc.
okae i hope she's very healthy
why won't my hair cooperate?
Oh! YES, girl! Me, too! Love me some decor when it's swanky cush! You fidna add hotel roundups to the blog, lol?!
Facebook "Like" is done. Please let me know what you think about the DM I sent to you. :)
swapping out short term wins for longer term investment to bolster change?
Bout to play some baseball later
it's true. 18 hours removed and the loss certainly still stings.
PR is pleased to announce we're beginning to roll out our new web-site. THANK YOU for your patience as we grow
I can't stop laughing, I am stealing this picture...thanks!
Many Men , 50 Cent
The cherry blossoms are at peak & as gorgeous as everyone says. Also barely overlapping w/festival due to summer weather!
Excellent. Looking forward to it.
True slug love: he programmed reminders for all my fave TV shows inc the ones I watch during commercials b4 leaving 4 work. Heart!
BREAKING: police say driver tried to run over security guard at Riverside Hospital...guard opens fire...more to come
Schedule next semester is so chill
RT Angels gave Pujols day off yesterday, as he didn't seem rested from the other 27 days he had given himself off.
My grandmother just came threw her surgery fine. Praise God
Great magazine!!! Congrats and great job!!!
of course smh
that was awesome. Go Spurs Go!!
I'm back in 10 minutes :)
Plan for prosperity!!!
I want a social media-engaged council, but not in the middle of public meetings with unequal access.
Somehow the EU Golden Rule, born out of German frustration with costs of bailing out Southern states, is about European Solidarity.
Flowers and French farmers on bikes? Cute overload.
um... its freezing!!!
The first bout goes to Travis Thaxton, who defeated Kyle Johnson 2:58 Round One from TKO Strikes
WHATS YOUR RECORDING METHOD?
Has your leg fallen off from taking Xphinopihiariza? If so, call 828-3652. You may be entitled to financial compensation.
shut up, why are you telling everybody??? It's a secret :(
The premise is super-simple: Stop sabotage. Face fears. Take Action! - Fran Briggs
Minnesota Transportation Commissioner Tom Sorel says good transportation systems are essential to economic competitiveness
- Such a beautiful instrument or should I say instruments - both your harp and your voice. Thanks so much for the follow!
Thanks, Leigh Ann!
DOT DOT DOT is back bar tonight & tomorrow night, they never seem to disappoint us!
Journal Three due today! Then enjoy your weekend.
I did...it's a great hotel and great location.
Life is short. Enjoy today. Find the balance between working towards a future goal, but enjoying where you are right now.
Chocolate and candy cane confetti. We will put it on your waffle. For serious. For realzies. No joke.
is the cutest guy ever! I wish he would follow me. THATS MY GOAL FOR TODAY! ...It's just one click!!:Dplease! 19
Watching #topgear and eating tomato soup.. #lækkert!
Happy Halloween everyone! What are you dressing up as?
Watching nsn(: all u recycled beliebers: go watch it again. Ull feel guilty cuz u left. WELL U SHOULD. Seriously go watch it tho.
Photos today were a success!
Would like to introduce you to flook
Not that my opinion matters much, but holy smokes, how great is Reading Machines? I couldn't put it down.
I'm not a fan of Andalous. My driver actually said that the owner uses poor quality ingredients. Did not approve.
I can put it in a simple term: I'll do anything to prevent GOP from winning.
Rabbit, rabbit.
project announcement in 2 days!!!!!!
Did you notice no news is good news?
108th street seasonal war of the smells is back: tonight pot is winning, but hot garbage isn't giving up without a fight
I'm sick can u tweet me or have , , tweet me love u all
Gordie Vye whose 11th grade reading list still inspires me
thank you!!!
I was always told that people do stuff just so you can react do if you respond you didn't win........ it's true in most situations
Would you sign a picture if I mailed it to you?
Somehow I was already following you! Ha, I blame/thank and/or Thanks for having us over today!
Saw Wenders' #Pina last night. I think my boyfriend might secretly wish he was a performance dancer.
": I just wanna see a Titty during Half-Time and I'm good!" U a damn fool for that lmao
isn't letting me request invite via twitter button. Keeps crashing out of APP.
Home from gym now time to make dinner. Grilled Chicken Breast over romaine w/feta, tomato, red onion & Greek Vinaigrette & smoothie.
Ball signed to Ted Williams from Babe Ruth, "To My Pal" has sold for $195,500. Fenway Par first pitch ball from 1912: $172,500.
Robert Parker for co-rec IM soccer MVP
Strategizing tonight with creative volunteers for Young Professionals Network.
Men do not fail; they give up trying. ~ Elihu Root
I like the #sock & #shoe combo
banquet in Philly was sick! Big ups to Bill Gibson, my Night Owls, and all Kronum players and supporters.
“: check us out OFFICIAL home of <<< we also got all types of ILL shit !!!”
The gasp in the room when she said "oh, there are no multiple choice questions, just short answer" was pretty epic.
He JUSTIFIED ME!! Paid ALL of my random!! I don't owe the Devil a DARN thing and he BETTER remember that!!
Already off to a great start - some big things coming down the pike! goal setting and accountability are part of the formula my friends~!
it's hard to believe that i'm gonna be a junior next year....where has the time gone honestly
Going offline for a while.
We made it to TWU I am so happy to be here but mama is taking pics lik crazy lollx oh dang we forgot the 3box of tissuses for her lollx
Still laughing
Tonight- Authority Zero w/ True Liberty, Under The Bridge, Idleminds and What Price Victory- Doors At 7pm- Canal Club
Fresh breathe of air walking to work in the sunlight!!!
Mattsss here to
Goodbye résumé, hello social networking.
Self-respect is the cornerstone of all virtue. - John Herschel
What can you do? :)
": yes. i mean im married to zac efron but i've never heard of zack efron"Oh I get what you mean
Over dramatic gay guys no need to try hard its annoyin
Well it's 4am it's official time for me to go to sleep so goodnight (or good morning, you can choose)
Training in progress . looking very professorial!
#Gyro has been keeping us busy! Sorry haven't tweeted in a while!
Eating at the cheapest and sketchiest taco stand with while wearing a full suit
When I'm nervous I just talk
You got them? How's that working out for ya?
Thanks Michelle! We're crazy flattered! Glad you stuck around
as long as she still looks amazing it's cool. She loses her objectivity and I'm gone
Good luck #RedSox from your Official Hotel Partner. KNOCK THEIR SOX OFF AT #FENWAY100 GAME
Already over the #PaulaDeen diabetes news. Now lay off the poor woman please! She's not force feeding butter to anyone.
Some great tips from a casting director workshop tonight! Thanks Danielle Eskinazi!!
"analogous" is a funny word.
You underestimated my game and doubted my skills
I know.
true, but believe! Lol
we were vary happy to have you in. I hope to see you back soon
"I will coach as many minutes as Skip Bayless played basketball as a senior"
not yet! how about you
Shorter Joe Ricketts: "I have people whose job it is to make me look less stupid than I am...they have a really tough job."
what is NHS?
THIS WEEKEND ONLY: Large 2 topping pizza or a specialty pizza, with an order of wings, just $15! Carryout/delivery, just mention this ad!
Ban tailgating bc of 49er/raider fan brawl? Vegas weighs in at 10.
marc was hardly paying attention but but was asked -- will your partner be on it too?
NEW IDEA! Teacher merit pay based on the number of bubbles kids fill in!
Dancers work harder than you think. We get yelled at, we get injured, and we suffer and you think it&#39;s all fun and games. NO.
exactly background is usually 8/hr or minimum and you learn! :-) !
Just a few hours ago, I was thinking "Dang my car is dirty. I hope it rains soon so I can get a free carwash." And now its raining. Psychic?
August 2nd...HOLD ON TIL THE NIGHT....!!!
lol ain't that the truth...I think they are scary looking !!!
RT You know your poop was good if a few minutes after you flush, your toilet burps.
It been a rough patch this past week,but at least we put the plays our for all to see and document themselves. This way,You Decide on plays.
PRO TIP: if you are going to write a blog piece linking to another blog for support, make sure that blog actually says what you say it does.
i'm cumming mama
: "Do lecture halls belong in universities?" Education model is outdated.
5 people thought I was a senior! Lol that makes me feel old!
Haha good one:) but She is pretty I just think.. Idrk, I didn't think I had a chance w/ him anyway soo why hate haha:)
"The ring looked even better in person, it is totally polished silver, shines alot."
The movie was pretty amazing...Followed the book pretty well
Congrats to first win of the season
Whoopee! Glad you'll be chiming in!
Lost in Frederick, but it's such an adorable town I don't even mind.
Garnnet put his nuts on his face lol!!!!!!
I got a haircut...I look like a pure badass..not..
Makes sense when you see it on Facebook ;)
You might be a redneck if you pick your kid up at the bus stop with the lawn mower.
whyy u no follow me sweetheart?! <U+2665>
you should follow me because like, YOLO.
Are there any sites (other than the WWC) that help non-pyschometricians make sense of education research and evaluation?
Don't get mad because your favorite player can't hang with Lebron
Damn, it's crazy seeing how today is prom for Hami, knowing that last year we were in that exact same position
Im praying for you and your family God bless you!
felt the same way returning to Chicago. Never been so happy for a gray, drizzly day.
the last time?? yeah i think soo
- We understand and appreciate! :) Thanks for your ongoing support!
The fact that my cousin still makes fun of me for hitting a parked car<<
In LAX hunting for Mexican food.
Seems like its always someone everyday with something negative
wow, well, as much as I dont want the Durant/Oden comparisons--I'm glad OKC swept Dallas
Ohh, but you missed so much at Coachella. It was phenomenal, 3 days of heat were well worth 3 days of magical music madness
actually we stopped you guys in the street because your hair was so awesome, and then we went and saw your show.
Dodgers sale? Might not have been a presser that night.
Looking forward to playing drums for with the Gretsch Guitar Ensemble at Elmhurst College tomorrow!
#kids Baseball Clinic - North Hills Baseball Summer Camp at Scharmyn Park, Mon, May 14 7:00p: Instructors-Head Coach Nate Buttenfield,...
I'm ready to go back to the 80s with John Hughes.
Boylston station is closed until further notice... Just another day with the MBTA.
Everything comes in time. Don't get frustrated and quit. Quitters don't win anything. Nothing comes easy, just keep going.
Uncomfortable amount of men in shorts suits here getting on my flight. Is Al Qaeda terrorizing fashion?
We marched streets in 60s when it was not chic at all. Maybe there are lessons to be learned, you say you want a revolution
Couldn't hurt to try!
This times 8372662782762 RT : Too much NFL on my timeline. Go away. You're in hibernation.
#TRUTH! re: The bad Phillies fans are just insecure. They rely on their team being good in order to feel superior to others.
Meow I hate sleeping alone who wants to cuddle <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BC>
I would feel better if Charles Barkley picked us. lol
Are you following ? #ff Best gelato in #Seattle! Maria and Skyler, thanks for the benissimo behind-the-scenes tour!
Needs a bit of tinkering/editing, but jaredwhitlock.com is a go. The Interwebz will never be the same.
I did now!
You gave the good fight on last night's #MTVTheChallenge. Hope to see you at one of the next ones!
Pre-diet weight 255lbs.....6 wks out to drop 30lbs......I luv cutting....true fitness ppl only smile at hurtles...all weight ain't gud
I need to check on my cousin but that car!. Gr. Pincho puto. Ha i'm sounding more like my cousin.
lucky I had to stay in cuz it was to cold and my aunt said that there were 4 kidnappings @ our area
We can't wait 2 see u this fall! Check us out on fb until then! RT : Can't wait to attend some events here in...
RT“: Matt & Alex went to #Bucks game w/friends. They still have some friends left despite me being a major ass."
thx chick! We have to get sushi before you move!
Congrats to Arthur Bernardi being named HBU athlete of the week. Great to have him with us this year after 2 years at New Mexico JC.
#I got cast for the new #Saigon's music video. Saigon's a rapper produced by Jz. it's gonna be fun!
JT vs. Andy Lee in 2012 - make it happen Lou!
I have to dance in front of the whole school.
RT : #umediacenter Films from the Vaults today OUGL. No popcorn but lots Eastman Ektachrome film. Sesshu Toyo currently scrolling.
I'm still waiting for a signed book of The Best Of Me.. Do I need to be patient? I won it!
RT : Six hours ago, there were 4,728 perfect brackets on #TournamentChallenge. Now? Zip. Zero. Nada. NONE.
Get your east coast prep on: come down to waterfront to check out the crew races going on right now
Holy shit that was funny. Made by night
NBC accidentally DOCTORS a Debbie Wasserman Schultz tape, unwittingly causing her sound SANE.
My mom and her friend are singing to party rock anthem and tryinf to shuffle. They asked me to teach them...
I'd be happy with that, too. So why am I so worried the Commish will say "And the Browns trade..." at
Love that my kindergarten students thought that "Press Here" was really a magical book!
Thanks for the RT! Have a great weekend.
EPK's are accepted over regular press kits ?
goal for tomorrow morning: wake up at 6am and go jogging, HAHAHAAAA
how much is an Iphone in your country? Sorry for asking.
Simple dinner: pierogies (frozen) and salad greens dressed with EVOO, balsamic, salt, & pepper.
Luckily for this girl, she found the one guy at the party who has a knitting fetish.
- Welcome Lisa! Thanks for following! Robin Lynch Aerialist
I wish he was still pitching. He was good back in the day.
Central Park
I just accidentally touched my eyeball, but generally speaking I'm pretty excited about starting a new month today. June creeps me out.
This court is ugly, and so is Anthony Davis's unibrow.
At walmart with my older cousin Marc! Lol he's so FUNNY!
when u ready to
I didn't know you had a sister named Zoey lol bahaha
FUCK TWITTER IM ON INSTAGRAM WIT IT
laundry detergent on bed sheets???
mitt romney felt NO responsibility for Bain destroying lives of workers so would NOT feel responsibility toward voters either! He's GREEDY!!
It's 5 o'clock somewhere
Wouldn't use anything else!
Even the bitch is alive they say it's okay.
add me on fb Justice Mele
Not only Jeb Bush, but was a FL state legislator who voted for Stand Your Ground law. His hands are bloody too.
Ohh Noo Lol One Time Channel Flip Thingy , Of Course Not I
is weighing the pros and cons of a calling service. More money a month (a definite) vs. more work (a mere possibility).
Yep getting closer!! Keep it up!!
Umm.... It... Was..... FREAKIN AMAZING!!! Ah I was hyperventilating, it was so GOD!!!! #ProudMahomie!!
What a GREAT party. Can't wait to be back again on the 1st!!! <~Quack!
nice man! Thanks for the shoutouts. I see you making moves brother, stay on it!
I'm filling my boards now! Follow me!
watchin the lion king!
I weighed in and lost 1.7 lbs.
#IfYoureBlackYouKnow When Your Mother Says, "Don't Ask For Nothing When We Get In This Store", She Means It!! lol
Gonna spend the weekend practicing falsetto
Scalia asks of a state has to accept all people within its borders who do not have the right to be there.
Love your gloves! ;)
haha yeah I took a class over The Big Lebowski in college when I read it. The Coens based most of the The Dude off of its themes
#inourgeneration I hate that this is trending. I'm a vampire... I've been every generation since 1910.
?OTD - What is going well that you need to do more of?
I hate when i'm driving and people try telling me to slow down by waving thier hands
Me:*sneezes* Class is dead silent Prettiest girl in school: *sneezes* Class: oh dear god honey are you ok bless you sweetie bless you
Looks like im going to MLK
Thank God for all that he has done for me...
so i was suppose to work out like an hr agao but for some reason i started youtubin vid of my high school lol what a loser i kno
Watching Viva La Bam brings me back to 2003/04. Must. Stop. Getting. Older.
watch 's video about our band!!
Drunk drivin on a Wednesday w/ 3 bitches in the mpv half a gallon of Georgy Porgy & Cranberry that's the p.o.p
Hm pancakes and coffee
what style?
x ray
Respect for ourselves guides our morals, respect for others guides our manners. - Laurence Sterne
peace good people - lets get to it ...
-> RT @[me] apparently religion and sportsmanship doesn't mix as well as we hoped. Tebow why hast thou forsaken us?
is it crowded right now. I'm looking for somewhere to stop on the way home but not looking for a crowd today
We can't wait! Just making sure you know-- we've moved to the other side of the harbor, to the Power Plant near the aquarium.
you're a genius. ;)
#java #leanstartup Well finished my advanced java course, got a little overloaded towards the end but passed and learned a lot.
Happy new year !!
taking my 82 y/o mom to Drs appointment i cant recall how many dozens of and dozens of dr visits we have gone on last few years
Why do we root for our own conference to do well in college but not the pros? The Talking Cheeseheads weigh in: www.cheeseheadtalk.com
I just can't bring myself to eat something called "liquid egg substitute".
Me llamo Bob. :T
This place is a prison and these people aren't your friends.
Go VCU, beat Kansas. Total underdog status. They don't even have a page on Yahoo! Sports
our pleasure!
true for some but many easier to criticize after replay
Nothing is better than a home-cooked meal :)
Sex jokes aren't funny, I mean cum on people.
I am constantly surprising myself.
Happy Sunday! :)
Game of Thrones it is. I'm sure you were all eagerly awaiting my decision.
yooo call me wen u want us to pick u up i gata get off im gana get mcdonalds:P
Is there anything wrong with being drunk before noon? Methinks not, it's south side Irish parade day. Vodka Gatorade in tow
they ballin bro who would have thought utah would be up
what's good?
STOP HACKING ME!
#LTBroadcasts "Today was the official opening of the tallest building in the world, the Empire State Building in New York City" (5/1/31)
Had an exciting long day, so ready to cuddle up with Catching Fire!
Is Thete Gonna Be Another Season Of Tiny And Toya
that's what's up! Get it in!!
Filmmakers! Need poster/promo art for your film? Contact - she works cheap and does amazing work!!
#20011taughtme that well idk...... 2011 was a $|-|!+ year for all or almost all of us -.-
At the Michigan NOW State Conference! About to present on prevention and engaging men w/Gentlemen.
I'm so lost right now.? Help.?:o
Just heard my song, 'Who Do You Think You're Foolin' on KPIG 107.5!
I'm meeting Nick Mara b4 school starts yay!! ilml
what happened
I'm dating if anyone didn't know.
Dude, that's creepy.
at are you doing?(;
OKAY PEOPLE I NEED TO SLEEP, IT IS ALMOST 1:30 AM HERE!!! GOODNIGHT
40% of all men cheat on their woman, has to be more than that! O_o hm *thinking*
RT : Speaking of donuts: Voodoo in Portland are the best... And I had to move to Mississippi. Agony.<<Voodoo dont play.
# you know u shit when nigga saw see u and want to fuck
Happy Thanksgiving to all our friends!
Enjoyed the Web Developers SIG at #SIDLIT, tho I confess when you said "island," I immediately thought you meant one in Second Life
RT : TODAY ONLY! MyActingSite.com 50% OFF! Includes Domain Name, Set-Up & 3 Months At MyActingSite.com.
He would physically give me each 1.I felt like cayenne pepper red hot spicy I felt Dizzy Sonja & Miles Davis between my thighs. (Love Rain)
Hello! Looked like a beautiful day! I'm needing to catch-up on the iPad thing ;)
As requested, more photos of our Titanic exhibit are posted! You can find them on our Facebook photo album, Exhibits!
sounds good (:
IF "STICKS & STONES CAN HURT MY BONES, BUT WORDS CAN NEVER HURT ME," IS A TRUTH, WHY ARE THERE SO MANY LAWSUITS AGAINST SLANDER?
We got the Ex and Richbaba (mine). Not all are in stock so don't fall totally in love w one till you check
azusa tomorrow?!?! Shut up why! I want to see you!
SDSU Hoops biggest game of the year (to date) tomorrow. 11:00 a.m. on CBS.
Learned a new code shared amongst the Rangers...GTL,Gym. Tan. Laundry.
The Celtics are on a roll! Come by for dinner before the Celtics vs. Cavaliers game! Gametime 6pm!
that person is a Genius <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+0087>
It's what you do when people aren't looking that makes you better
I love #MirandaLambert 's new album. All of them, really. Such great lyrics, melodies. :)
BC football hosting it's annual Lift for Life to raise money for Ewings Sarcoma TOMORROW at 1pm. Be there!
Well the "Royals" are already parasites, so a killer virus isn't such a leap - England's greatest #WELFARE recipients.
Sure it is! Just have to realize...some of us (yeah, you) just live on different schedules than everyone else. :)
If there is enough people, they will head that way. Stop by Hemming.
Hope to make it! -- In the Line of Fire: Sam Coronado's Guerrillera Series, Saturday, May 21, at
and that's the damn truth!!!
I rely on a soundtrack of waterfalls. It makes a great white noise. But sometimes I have to resort to soft foam earplugs.
Where are we on those beardsoup pics?
Never a dull day in the poker world...
Thank you very much for the advice and enthusiasm!
If your name is Brian, Caity, Merissa, Ashley, or Hillary please text me.
Research and Markets: OECD Report - Literacy, Numeracy and Problem Solving in Technology-Rich Environments Framework ...
Bliss is a feeling that u feel when u r the happiest u can ever be
Thou Shall NOT Gazeth upon'eth the Wife'eth or husband of another & Lust for thee As yo ass'eth will get Ripp'eth'd
@ sounds good!
#girlbyenotwiththem Taylor Swift heels
Hi Trainman.
Cigars, Lord of the Rings, the beautiful and sunny outdoors, good conversation, laughter.
#ConfessionNight soccer is all I have going for me
-_- i was wearing jeans a black hurley shirt and a redbull hat ( the only one):D
Spaghetti an garlic bread!
Hold my breathe, cross my fingers because I just want to be with you <3 --
#neverbeenhappier “: my neon pink fanny pack and leg warmers are packed &ready to bring the BUSINESS this weekend
Time changes people
exactly. i read story after the mclouth trade that it was about money. he makes more money churning prospects than winning.
See "Catfish" the movie ASAP
yeah! Or Whos buying them
you're welcome and thank u for following me back :D <U+E415>
#Music will always be in
since I only have cash, when I see you Saturday can I just give you the money then?
I'm not sure if I missed your announcement or not, but if I did, congratulations!
answered Q 3 first! way to go. You are neck in neck with Judy so far. Come on girls Q 4 is coming up!!
Indeed...thanks for the message!
thanks for the inclusion
“: I just ran into a guy who says i dont do it myself”
Great newsletter! Thanks for the mention :)
And RT : Stuff's going down in 889
Happy Easter!
Amazing start
My ears are burning...go ahead and talk. Whisper, whisper...
Open to serve you. Dbl Punch Drink is our Honey Bunch Latte! We're fully stocked and 10-20% OFF everything in the Bookstore!
Great coffee this afternoon with Art Alliance's M. Powell!
Gary Vaynerchuk seminar at SXSW is filling fast and it's a huge room.
Late night, anyone that wants us to follow them @ reply us! Follow Tom Berg as well
be careful! Not too many blackout nights in a row now!
#free tans all day Sat 3/10! Walk-ins welcome! #seasonpremiereday”
who your top 5 right now active
Whew! Glad the tsunami was not severe in Hawaii. Very interesting to watch on TV and the interwebs. Now to get some stuff done. Aloha!
No matter who he w/ believe he still gone LOVE him sum Briana
Clear the track so we can get back to this race.
*sweet. the sweat must have gotten into your brain :p
why people bother wasting any of their life hating on others, I will never understand.
good point!
Who's watching the Oscars tonight? I'm watching the Red Carpet right now!
Thank you doll face “ happy birthday hunnay have fun!!!!! ”
your definitely money!
cool to see that Math OGT is trending in CLE, CIN, and CLB.
Good idea.
Am I on that list LOL?
i had a pastrami sandwich with cole slaw the other day.. it was the most amazing sandwich in the history of sandwiches.
Some guys don't realize that you need a girl in order to have a girl on the side.
I've had bad sleeping patterns since being a youngin
I've never seen a McDonalds or a Burger King under construction. They just show up.
Apparently ranger fans would rather play wiffle ball
pretty sure #hrsw11 was an executive decision... ;-D
Ha! Both of your statements are fact RT : Awesome! And ew.
#GINOBLI <3 #spurs . if we're talking about the same spurs, that is? ahaha
love and , not so much. Will be happy when her 15 minutes is over.
Scoreboard accidently showed that reply on the big screen
yes haha. (: text me anytime yeah? (:
It's hard to believe that girls like me love guys like you.
Maybe you should go with him to make sure he gets there. lol
Most of my friends went to that high school. The funny name is the only thing remarkable about it. Sad this puts it on the map.
Meeting former boss for breakfast before am sessions
thanks, mom!
hahaha and it seems like the obly ones for a long time that why i got the old shows on my phone already so i can watch them there
paradise fears and artist vs poet woo
it is a good idea. I wear mine to the gym, just so they'll know who to call when I pass out on the treadmill.
your an amazing person!!!! Sometimes all you have to do is say hi for a girl to melt......... just say hi.......
Who woulda thought walking home from school would be such a schlep?!
So sick of watching flopoff games in NBA, with players that loaf, psycho, & don't earn their check until Game 7...yes referring to da Lakers
Just got up to walk without realizing my leg was completely asleep...CRASH...Thank you Strangers in Starbucks for laughing
Tata stupid ahhhss got my eye hurting !
Gummy Bears:)
I'd rather try and fail, than regret never having tried, and living the rest of my life thinking "What If?"
what's up!
Thanks for follwing
We had to confirm that u were having a bad night RT : My phone always blows up when the Lakers are losing smh...evil ppl
>> Very cool. Please tell Theo I'm proud of her. Thanks, Greg, Class of 1990
None of us are, babe, but we do the best we can. yes. I'm in awe. I'm not worthy.
undateables has to be the cutest thing ever
Rob Carrick&#39;s Reader: Let&#39;s talk money, honey
I wanna hold your hand so tight I'm gonna break my wrist :3
Gotta prep and perform a bit this weekend. Looking forward to it.
amazing by lowry RT Kyle Lowry's dished out 14 assists as the lead the 72-60 after 3 on NBA League Pass.
Any chance Memphis lets Tony Allen go? Or do they try emulating the playoff team from last yr?
lol thought you meant bloody actually, british style
that's the last depressing tweet btw. i know how annoying it is to see this shit on your tl
Dog training and learning to write well have a lot of similarities. Sit. Stay.
Where are you from?
When you want something you've never had you have to do something you've never done.
uh oh you don't want that lol jk
Justin Verlander wins the AL MVP and Cy Young awards.
ah my DVR was full, is this episode going to show again soon???
haha okay thanks :)
Get your FUN message out there! Tweet your event!
#worstsongever I would rather be stuck on an island with Lil B performing live continuously than listen to keef once
You sir, are a legend.
Supporting players from KU refuse to take shots, Self looks frustrated with his team. Hope they can rally.
Three weeks till States and the end of my second to last year of band...crazy!
guys my mom has a big surprise for me...what do yku think it is?!?!
You fail at Twitter. lol
“: If you cant say love!” just can't say cuddle. I hate that word.
who needs either? I'm going Amish.
I was gonna go to sleep but then tweeted "#mostdop tweets coming up" so I guess I'm continuing this all-nighter.
just ousted me as the mayor of shitman-ville haha.
Professional rally car driver #mydreamjob (Subaru, of course.)
I wonder about these charitys,what percentage of the money thats raised goes to the kids/charity/cause, I hear Unicef donates 100%.
In my experience of driving on I-95, the south begins as soon as you cross over into Henrico Co.
When I'm High , I Like To Sit And Sort Shit Out In My Mind
Sometimes you gotta read between the lines, cuz bitch niggas be throwing stones and hiding hands, but Im right here waiting on it...
sorry I missed u today. Hope life is treating u well!
delicious! So jealous!
My wife and I were laughing hysterically. Glad Braun is ok
I made it to work OK. Lots of snow, ice and slush out there. I am still ticked off about not being able to see the eclipse last night.
the 2012 Dodge Challenger = sex on wheels. i won't rest till i get that car!
Speaker silver says governor cuomo is now very supportive of bill to raise the min. Wage.
I learn a lot following 'The Bunk' What I learned today was that is an idiot.
Ok world...I just deleted my okcupid account. WHOO-HOO!!!! Freedom!!!
So excited for tonight at the Mid!.
What a joke.
is that what you do billy? Hahaha.
I'm in complete ah.
How long are you going to be in Indy?
It's colder than a Witches titty-
GRIND BOLD flavor >>> Union GRIND : Cafe Voltaire, Library GRIND : Delta Mud, Cambridge GRIND : Alterra's Favorite.
Heck yes!(;
I got pulled over last night and the cop said "papers?" and I said "SCISSORS, I WIN" and drove off...
So no mention of the next wave of crowdfunding sites? What about social business / social tech?
yeah I am sure we will do the same. Going with Furbs. Also sitting 400s
I hate when girls get with army guys just to portray themselves as "army wives." especially if they cheat on em while they're gone .
yeah n motivated to bring sexy back!
i went shopping today wbu? :)
Had a great gig tonight! next rehearsal is this sunday afternoon 3-5pm
example being and playing at same table of Main event being allowed.
Jordan Staal: "It's still do or die for us."
any new songs coming out?
Music is my escape from reality.
He's upset because he can't figure how to transfer his live journal blogs to his MySpace... from what I gather.
Wisconsin sports fans got sizzle and it all starts with Ted Thompson!
3days b4 I go back to skool and she ain't trynna give me just 65 fucking dollars to get my hair done.
Not amused about the #EBSCO crash..especially those of us teaching databases and having them crash in the middle of classes
I know, i jest! cool beans, you let me know, you down for beads?? the string beads are quite comfy =) they look rad too
I wonder where lesly is
lol ya'll gone be together?
In the final stages of scoring for GIRL CLOWN! Very exciting!
HA! So you ARE The Situational Franchise!!!
Thanks for the mentions ! You guys rock
lucky ass. That concert would be sick.
I cant say this enough though, i love denver:)
Thats good lol its hoes out here that cant even remember the first person they fucked
Last tournament today. We placed third <3
I'm so high.
It's a little chilly this morning stop in today for lunch and warm up with some beer cheese soup!
Knowing an embarrassing amount of things about Greek mythology makes everything much more interesting.
I think Romo is my all time favorite..
That same damn time video got me geeked early in the am. Lol
By telling you to move on I didn't mean to my best friend.
on my Martin DVD right now!!! Hustlemans wedding planning!!! 19gs chief!!
The new #RickiLake show will air this fall on ! Stay tuned for air times!
hoping for a Google Wave invite tomorrow....
get on it babe, you've got less than 7 days! ;)
Happy Independence Day!
Stay tuned for a Wednesday Interview!
Great article. Until "Live by the console." Then I realized he was crazy. One-of-Those in fact.
Holy collection of liquid water droplets or ice crystals suspended in the air at or near the Earth's surface Batman!
youre not kidding! Dont spam the man!
“: Idk about you, but God is good to me I mean it!!”
Its been a pretty busy day so far
Who's your favorite band of the #the70's? holla back
I'm comin
If I could just marry skip schumaker I wouldn't ask for anything else in the world..
Preciate it!!! S/O back atcha!!!
Boom Bitches
yayyyyyyy chinikalanina on youtube and gmail
Trying to have a good time at #chuy's in Louisville, but the wait is long and the service slow.
Android App Tablet Review: SlingPlayer for Tablets - Android Apps Appolicious
#livegive really must try
sounds like you should maybe take a shower..just an idea
Well that's good to know.
Are you for real?
weight of my shoulders
Its so funny how many girls be thinking I'm talking Bout them when I post things on FB o you must be guilty....not my fault you insecure
no not now , when i go to my moms house (x
I'm starting to really dig $RSRS...
watching play call of duty (:
Happy Sunday! let the football whistle ring!Love me some football sunday!!!!! Whoop! Whoop! Lets go GIANTS!!!!
We along with other exciting breweries are mentioned. Check out the link on Facebook.
How do you top zombie drag queens? WRESTLING DRAG QUEENS! I love you, Ru Paul!
Hope so! As long as the servers aren't gonna be stupid today.
Pretty soon Santorum will have to foul Romney to see if the ex governor can make some free throws to close Ohio out.
Thanks, sweetheart! Turns out you'll be exhibiting with Fresh Arts! ;)
Great work as usual Meg. We all can get along!
“: ": Velvet, Who is the Best ? Mickie James or Melina ?"I'm going with Mickie!” I say VelVelHoller.
Honesty seems to have a short shelf life
hahaha and the second chip in led to a DQ!!
Three bucksts and now takes a charge! Somebody get a bucket of water for the Flat Top. Great start
FHA Construction Loans Available: 3.5% down or Land in Lieu of down payment, Works for lot purchase or existing land. 
I will always be the bad guy <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081> Fuk it!!!
<----- dope music im really feeling that, lets remix it!!!
wanna stir something up?
just ate two cups of mashed potatoes and am finally feeling sleepy night y'all
yeah - done. Doneso
don't blame you on that one. Still can't get over you are old enough to have a 12 yr old
WHAT I DO TJ
Thrilled to welcome to the team as a senior engineer!
haha that must have been bad, you afraid of storms?
RIP heavy d u were always my cutie pie
yup! Follow
Soccer commentary is funny.
#Shoutout to Indiana
Dinner started @ 6 and we're still at it. I've lost track of the course count. Fantastic!
i picked up embroidery and sewing. LadyNerds FTW!
thanks for the follow. :-)
RT : Always keep an open mind and a compassionate heart. Phil Jackson
get me a plane ticket and a place to stay lol
I like to think of the events taking place in Ohio as a modern retelling of Noah Ark
Honored 2 be here! RT : Good to have & at #metro2012. Awesome couple.
great stuff!
holler @ me sometime. I'd love to come play yalls spot.
Stop it. Stop. He is too adorable jeruewtr
WATS GOOD WIT U BRO
RT : #abq Looking for a roadside spot for your Chile stand, need to roast - I have a variety of locations available from...
Wants to thank "A Finer Event" for being one of the sponsors for our "Champagne and Roses" Event on Decemeber 9!
finals week chillen bro. How HU life
I will be one of those horrible girlfriends that drags their boyfriends to see The Vow on Valentines Day.
tell mama that Cameron in Colrado says HAPPY MOTHERS DAY! haha love u both so much have a great week!
Used to be Daymaker. Put some beer on ice we'll be over after or join us.
good point thats true. I recall they broke the Braun drug test & were ALL over it even tho he ended up exonerated. Why not this?
There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure. -Colin Powell
Reheat #coffee on a low heat.
I'm buying a gun too.
Same on as for land lines.
Handled it....lol miss ya Lilly
I would be A raging attention whore if I looked liked that too
did we make the cut?
O boy
I live in the west end of the San Fernando Valley
Dear LA ELFs, if Hyukjae strips down and takes his shirt off at your SMTown in a few days, I DEMAND PHOTOS or else...
Director's question during 'Voiced' rehearsal - "What's the scariest thing about getting older as a woman?" Any takers?
Ladies, I apologize if my excitement came across as some type of jerkish anger. Please forgive me. How's the weather?
awww! :] cutest little baby bump ever! are you finding out if its a girl or boy or waiting?!?
Feel like I'm stuck in Park
Excited that it is on livestream Dr Picirilli is one of my favorites!
Take life with a pinch of salt... A wedge of lime, and a shot of tequila.
I need a Bottle ...not a pussy ass cup
Grow some big feet
HOES Want ATTENTION, WOMEN Want RESPECT !
1/2 off all bottles of wine and champagne today! Come cure your Monday blues.
Playing golf at Fisherdale at 3:00 if anyone wants to join.
All 4 players ever rated over 100 on went (or will go) to SEC schools - Clowney, Kouandjio, Nkemdiche, Foster
- Portland does, though I don't think either team would like it. Butler for Kevin Martin. Thats the deal.
2012 Phenom Camper ° Phenom 150: Joseph Lees °Rising 9th °Southampton, PA °Travel Team: Southampton Knights °Power Forward 6’2
Thanks, Pardee. Send me your San Diego community news.
Or let's get physical!
#fridayreads continuing 'One Step Behind' by Henning Mankell on CD in car
Sleeping Beauty was a delightful experience, beautiful dancing & beautiful costuming! Glad I got to catch the dress reh. on Fri.!
*sings* I never knew there was love , love like this before ! Never had someone to show me in life , love like this before !
maybe thats why you got the good price...like a senior discount! LOL
Thanks for the favs KB!
Is my bestest friend okay. :)
Do you work in downtown Seattle? In the middle of the May Day March? Call Arwen and be on the radio: 206 543 0520
RT : What is Freddy Galvis' walk up song? //> WHO KNOWS THIS ANSWER?!
i think tanning really is addicting! i thought i was the only one that thought that!
I'm glad. It was an absolute joy to be there
Well I had a great day skiing at Blue Mountain in the Poconos. Have a great evening everybody.
Heads up you're sending spam DM's your account may be hacked.
Lol a mixture of songs, but mostly my girl Beyonce lol
#becauseitsthecup and these guys have won it. . . you haven't!
Working on new music for the EP and full length album and opening up show submissions. Will be sending out press packs shorty =)
SoulMotor Rehearsal tonight ..... Show coming up Sept 11th with Queensryche at Ace Of Spades in Sacramento
yep :) so you're love, follow back!!!
The weekend was going good until my car not starting.
Spent some quality time on the phone with American Wind Energy ad peeps today!
you got that right! #goggles up <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0>
Came out as a #vegan to sis. Her reply: "What do u eat?!" Should've said "Everything u do, just without the meat/eggs/dairy." What do u say?
I agree...
Yeah, so maybe my most recent search item is "guys with big butts". Fuck you.
I wish that there were more people in the world as beautiful as you . <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
The #Jayhawks will have to depend on Releford and Withey to pick up the slack. The biggest problem now is lack of depth.
it makes me so happy when I hear taylor swift because I think of you
please call this number 254-716-4646 Please its my friends birthday! :) She would be so happy! :) 20
Good Morning.... Happy Monday :)
Seeing Rene Marie tonight with KeJuan Carter. Good times ahead.
Season 4 was wow!
In such a phenomenal good mood today. I am so blessed. :D
S/o to all my lovely followers
I can honestly say "I liked it?". I wasn't wild about the third act but it's worth seeing. Are you a horror and/or Whedon fan?
There. my twitter is all Tigers'd up and ready to go. no excuses now, let's not induce panic and heart attacks tonight! let's win! go go go
Thanks for the interview my dude! Looking forward to putting it up on the blog Wednesday...
BRUINS! Marchands my BOY
it ain't nothing wrong with being gay ..
Ty but I have my son Xmas day
Thanks for the RT!
or, in other words, freedom's just another word for nothing left to lose.
when you get spare pages taped in at the Embassy in SEAsia it's free!
can't wait to watch it
That's perfect! The answer is unknowable to the average person (me) so I will think you are an expert & bow to your knowledge.
Thanks for great resources. Lots of work ahead.
I'm so jealous! And I miss y'all terribly.
#IfYouKnowMeWell than you know I gots a bowl to smoke.
Awesome! We're getting lots of great feedback. Just need to get some people to pitch at the next one!
It's ready to roll this friday!
I can't decide on the colt, the bushmaster, or the sig.
I know it's lightning and thunder outside, but if my signal is 4-5 bars, why did my AT&T wireless call drop? #horrible service
Reminder in these times... "A word of encouragement during a failure is worth more than an hour of praise after success."
K NOSSA K
Getting started with #techraking hosted by
i need a guy who will sit here and watch sappy romance movies with me.
Robert Weiner has joined Arnold & Porter as a partner afer having served as Associate Deputy Attorney General at the Dept. of Justice.
but no he really did ask.
Looking for your next apartment? call 612-703-RENT Affordable housing is closer than you think!
Hey , John Leguizamo's in town, you should get him to come to the Moulin Rouge quote-along tomorrow!
Stopped @ Burgers & Brew for a Pliny and Lamb Burger.
haha well I'm glad there's people like you, otherwise it would be and it would be an epic fail haha
I just got back from dropping off a crate of water with the #occupychi folks down at the Federal Reserve. Lots of nice people from all wa...
ya know i used to didn't like reds, but now i love them.
- is playing Beastie Boys tonight. Let's cry in our whiskey drinks.
Good thing the delete key, tab and volume controls aren't working on my 3 month old Mac Book Pro. Incredibly frustrating
Great to see the effort after a less than stellar outing last night. Need to keep the intensity up 2nd half.
Do people actually collect 7-inch records? Or am I one of only three people in the world starting to get into this format?
Manning: I'll always be a Colt.
that's pretty sweet. thank you for breaking it up into smaller sentences, too. it. felt. right.
Would you rather buy mass produced items or something quirky & unique from a local biz? Media make it sound like we're ALL on bread line!
I love my s. Too bad I only wear them at night and when I need to look "smart but hip"
": Lunch: Problems are the Platform for His Power to be disPlayed. #100aboutGod"
when you think of awesome comebacks after the argument is over -___-
The truth gone heart you<f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0091><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0091><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0091><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0091>
hey madison, can you please follow you met her at six flags:)
It's funny how people are so quick to open their mouths but can't get shit right their own damn selfs
COOL WELL MAKE SURE IM THE FIRST TO KNOW U KNOW I STILL HAVENT SHOT MY FIRST VIDEO IM GLAD U BROUGHT THAT UP
SO excited for Spring with you guys :) Follow us & we can collaborate on promoting the brand!
yes! have tickets to the ballet, though. are you staying here overnight?
Guaranteed to make 'em jump like Rod Strickland
Amazed. Just uploaded parcel of ebooks to google docs, found file in mobile interface on iPhone, then opened Infinite Jest in iBooks.
lol had to say it!
Are parents taking sports too seriously
apparently Ian just said hey to him. Lol lol that bitch is cray.
ur awsome u need to tell me how to dance because ur the the best dancer every :)
#DML2012 borrowing sociological terms, using them fast and loose
Nice icon!!
omg did you skip trivia too?!
Our Fun Fun Fun Fest wristbands came in the mail today! Can't wait!
beautiful. Disappointment from the start. Had high expectations for him. I wish him the best...and to stay away from Osi
In that land of pure phantom / nothing is real / In that land where dreaming comes from / time is still...
This is a must read by — Mitt Romney saving lives in the style of "Baywatch" and "Silence of the Lambs." Who knew?
Tornado south of downtown Dallas (my workplace) lifted. Storm cell is heading to Garland (my house). I hope they keep the kids at school.
Ughh, immaturity at its best.
We are proud to announce that Ginza's new album "Metamorph" is to be released Tues. Mar. 27th! You may purchase it at any online store.
Super last minute free show tomorrow (Thursday) on the lanes in the Garden Bowl w/ Dusty Rhodes & The River Band wsg pizza and beer!
How about some props for Marquette. A week ago everyone had them out in first round.
#raw10 my Bro has some big Lips, they make Mick Jaggers lips look like dental floss. I told him, his lips look like Baby Bungie Bumpers!
If you ask God to help you, it means you trust His ability. If He doesn't help you yet, it means He trusts yours.
best deftones album ever the end
The longest yard in my pants
oh lord. What happened? Haha
$AAPL has another blow out quarter selling $39B. Over 35 million iPhones sold in the past 3 months. Wow.
I'm gonna really pray for her..... Smh
Nice visit with and today. Just 3 guys from 2 Washingtons meeting in NYC to talk
well that's good to hear. Well kinda !!XD haha you're welcome bruh.
I did. Multiple times.
Thanks for the RT, Mo. Are any of your followers on university hiring committees? :)
I know, right!? I could just go the easy route....
Kaleida Health, WNY's largest employer, is working the phones - and the legislators - to win repeal the FMAP Contingency Fund. So is HEPNY!
It sucks thinking about how much time I wasted on you </3
No promises, my friend. But I won't fill your page with silly hockey jargon like
Please update, especially if you use a lot of images. Image rendering when scrolling has been greatly improved. Thanks!
text me pictures!!
I'll listen to it now, so I can give you some feedback :))
Hope my favorite skinny housewife, had a fantastic birthday!!
thanks for following!
#Dwell was truly powerful this morning. It always seems to go by way too fast for me! Thankful JD and Nichole came by to worship with us
Heading out to LA tomorrow for an audition at #USC...prepared and ready for my 10 minutes of the spotlight
There's still time to save with the Disney World spring discount.Book by February 28th for travel thru June 14th! Contact us for more info!
Yes no school today
Hobspot The Science of Email Markeing
I'm going to write a book one day about hunting down the old man who continues to use my email address.
Why is he wearing a coat and nothing else??
Whew! *fans self* ": This dude in the purple though... >>>"
1st time... Goin for a burger at lunch box labratory. Suggestions? Favorites?
#tchat I like that!
time to party
Josh Hamilton is the next Brandon Inge!
I heard that after the success of the 2Pac hologram that they're going to make a Freddie Mercury one. Also known as"Aids in High Definition"
CAN YOU PLEASE BE MY FIRST FOLLOWER!!!! PLEASE PLEASE!!!!
Damn did I fuck this up! Time to pay the piper~>ManUp
Just sent by Lil sweetheart 12 long stem roses to her job for a surprise to brighten up her day..shhhhhh
We love that #allgirlsarebeautiful is trending! Here at French Pharmacie, we couldn't agree more.
Wish I was like that. I hold grudges.
How can such a cold night be so smothering hot ;)
You forgot me! I'll be tweeting about traffic around the stadium and getting some reactions from the parking lot.
ill be your study buddy anytime :)
Power Monkey Rodeo Halftime show is June 16th :)
just got battlefield heroes. gg studying
I wish I could win the lottery and quit work tonight. I would drop 100k at work and let everyone fight over it
if cutie followed me that would make my day
Next time in Tucson...I'm going to Lovin Spoonfuls! Never realized how close it is to where I stay!
thanks for the links to Jason!
one reason i don't come on this account very often is cuz there is so much fucking drama. you either support austin or you dont.
Finally heading to Puerto Vallarta.
#FREEFOODFORLOUIS when I saw this I thought it was for Louis Tomlinson :)
haha I've been alright New place is ok. Lonely but whatevs And no! Both kitties are alive and annoying :) How are you!?
I have about as good of a chance of finishing both of these papers by Wednesday as Johnny had of making it off that cliff.
RT : Flying tomorrow am from Van to Calgary.. looking forward to spending some time in the #Rockies and shooting ...
- Every Once in A While i Gotta Do Something Stupid To Remind MySelf That I'm Still Human . .
Wow! Portugal vs. N. Korea tomorrow.
Last #FF for 2011. Check out (my) top 5
I already miss that hour.
I don't know if I've ever been so irritated after a #SportingKC victory...
lol I was wondering why I didn't see so many giant buildings like that in Seattle!
I got VIP parking from
Is now homw from Arizona! And now has reception again! Had a great time there! Can't wait ot go back! :) #hadthegreatesttimeinmylifeever!!!!
would have loved to see myself in one of those Toyota Prius Thanks for the love and support!
Re-Think Re-Engineer Re-Deploy all that you have learned and apply it in your personal and business life.
by your standards, I should say! It's decent.
Thanks for coming out to see us! Bring with you next time. We'll be showing it again June 9th at midnight!
the N-word: "we must not let it...imprison us" - Rice
could tell you that I'm a horrible person, but he could never say that I have taken him anywhere with bad food.
Jesus, the line cook at Moes?
Just heard your podcast with Jerry Heller. That, my friend, is Music Industry gold...
your hair looks really good long
I'ma wax Anthony Davis' uni in his sleep so he knows it's real ;-)
you and me both
Afternoon #realrnb is right here: >>> what are you wanting for? click that follow button our goal is 120k let's get it!
Im here && never can i ever have a serious convo with this CLOWN!
I do! i totally need to get your number!
thanks for sharing....
When will new research studies be available to participate in?
Not when public aid $$ go into endowments of private schools. Do u support vouchers 2 attend privates in k12?
Time for some EXTREME, HARD CORE relaxation. Gatorade-check, bowl of grapes-check, Alien series queued-check. All systems-GO!
You're looking at me, but i'm looking through you.
Sunday night is always All You Can Eat! Get here early before the Hamachi and Madai Kama run out!
I do like teaching Zotero to put emph on an organized research process, correct cites are just a bonus
Watched Mystere last night and it was absolutely incredible!! Probably the most stunning Cique show on the strip, dancing and stunts wise!
as much as i like bon iver i would be z-ing this late at night if i were driving...which i wish i was doing right meow
Need Players for Last Minute Fantasy League in Denver area.Draft will be this Sat or Sun.Send Direct Message for info.Prizes and fee is low!
Q2) Seems people in the US want to be lead through exercises, europe seems to want to discuss exercises as a group
I wanna go swim. K. Byeeez
never participated
RT : Under 's budget 30,000 special education teachers & staff could lose their jobs.
70 in Denver...today...30 tomorrow! Doing well here. Hope to see you in the fall.
Your prospects come to you with skepticism. Some reason for not wanting to buy. Find it and dispel that reason.
True story: was named after Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis.
"Every second is LIFE, Every breath is LIFE, LIFE is NOW!!!!!! TSIKKI
Among those missing tonight for various reasons, Takudzwa Ngwenya, Todd Clever & Chris Wyles.
thinking about Vegas in September
I love listening to while I haircut and haircolor
May I suggest YouTube or ITunes?
Mines future
KidLock... lock it so your kid is unable to accidentally exit a particular app...
Its hard to find people who really know how to play. Too bad you aren't in Denver
RT: If u know God is ur partner-When worry or anxiety tries to intrude remember-If God is for me, who can be against me?
amazing job we had a great time.
ahaha LA, yes?
On a boat with my corona, jamming ....
Four steps to business success - step #2: Connect to fans with ads. #ctctfb --> can be a good strategy, but not for all!
This gonna be a boring axs Saturday .
Time to study then.
Pop sensation Justin Bieber has allowed his song "Born to be Somebody" to be used in ads for the documentary Bully, saying he hopes his f
between it being cinco de mayo and going to the #Caps game. Yes I'd say I have already started. No stopping now!!
Do y'all think Ricky Martin is a bottom? Or does he use that pinga?
A nose that lights up? ; )
Hiya Paul! This tweet: a man after my own heart.
Gotcha, email me and I'll see what we can do! We are new to the program so it isn't widely communicated.
HAYWIRE is really great.
hah fair point. On a diff note: personally find his death shocking bc watched nearly his entire career
no I was watching hockey...but is he the one that won the truck series last year? And what place is he in?
my bed is not empty, yet I'm still lonely..
That was Cleland's statement, and the fact it was so far FROM fact is telling. He was put on the spot and winged it.
you guys are wonderful! Very blessed to have such great women in my life!
Researcher found fun photo of George W. Bush as Lord High Commissioner of Stickball in 1964 while student
it's never a good idea to paint your nails before going to sleep. Looks like a manicure is in my future today! Happy Friday!
Quite possibly! Wrking on it :) RT : Andy Nibley to speak! That is amazing!! any plans to show the documentary too?
when you come back ?
Thanks for the follow, Laura! Video looks great! Come see DBS tear it up at the Hard Rock City Walk tmrw Fri 3/30 at 8pm!
you have my number!
"Goals are deceptive - The unaimed arrow never misses". Kimo's Hawaiian Rules
hey girlie! Are you awake? I am trying to write this morning & also to transfer my files from my old computer.
Which? Melanie or Apple?
that was amazing you've got a great voice ,true talent :)
OMFFGGGG IM CRYING
All these kids in my bed even if I had a man there would nt be room
awww thanks Lauri! I think I'm starting to get the hang of it! You all have fun today!!!
Well now you're just chastising me. RT I will. Just for you.
Thank you thank you thank you x100 for bringing Geo T$ and Mikeyy back to Chitown!!!!(: IM PUMPEDD
I am literally
we haven't set the final menu let, so if there is anything you would love to learn - please tell us!!!
Portland: what's a good, semi social place to work for a long time that's NOT a coffee shop or coworking? Preferably N, NE or Inner SE.
almond joys hershey reeses butter fingers..pick ur poison
I believe monsoon season has arrived!
“When we first met, I had no idea you would be so important to me.”
you have got to be kidding me
It's amazing how people with all the advice never have control of they own circumstances
#AutismAwareness month is over but #AutismAwareness should not just be one month a year it should be year round
I know those people who marry cars and buildings and junk are totally nutso. But now that I have an iPhone, I get where they're coming from.
Our process is a deliberate intersection of design and engineering because we want to capture our users expertise
is it time to move to bear market funds?
what are you watching?
Please follow me on instagram it's, <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Good luck on Monday. Rest up tomorrow!
"Never to suffer would be never to have been blessed." Edgar Allen Poe
In economics, the majority is always wrong.
see you tomorrow. Im playing first.
Who tryna roll wit me to the Beer Fest at the IX center 2mrrw?
ok imma let u get ur hit back.
I'm extremely horny right now. RT if you think I'd be a good fuck! :-)
Dangg I didn't knw it was like that
funny woke up with Mattesons in my head.
early mornings are not for me!
hm will have to try the crabs!
LoL!!!!! I'm loving McDonalds new commercial on The Grammys!
break for walk
psshhhh of course I will.
PS: please don't let me become that person
capoeira, how I am so happy I rediscovered you! Feeling EXCELLENT! Axe, Axe.
How on earth does a slice of cheese have 70 calories. That's ridiculous
Sounds like you've mastered it. Send me tips!! :)
thanks britt!:)<3
You are correct! The answer is ! Message me your mailing address and I will have your Starbucks card in the mail.
Check out our new cake menu at Firehook Bakery & Coffee House!
REAL leaders have people who WANT to follow them. When we embrace this Truth, we gain influence with young people.
What on earth is going on with the delicious.com design now? I think we need an intervention. I'm on the cusp of leaving. Finally.
Men, avoid wearing shoes without socks. A man who wears shoes without socks is like a man who sleeps beneath a duvet with no cover.
lol did you play moose
Stacy Pullen podcast on Ibiza Voice. That is all.
you r a mess for that one lol SMH
My baby boy Kamashae just got here I'm bout to take a nice relaxing shower and kick it with my son (:
RT : Want phree beer? visit www.phreeps.com and log in to see how today @ the Lazy Oaf Lounge you can get phree tap beer!!
yeah but the MD that tells you not to smoke wasn't paid $$$$ to promote tobacco
AWESOME -thank you
Happy Mother's day!!!<3 :D
Ugh. Nothing worse than awkward handshakes.
The more I think about it, working at #Borders for 8yrs better prepared me for a career in librarianship than library school did...
Matinee today! Grab lunch at 1 of our Walker's Point neighbors & head over for show!
Thursday Gold at Lottie's: $6 Georgia Golds w/ beverage purchase - good till 4 p.m.
Mah liberry has a mobile site now!
OMG dont u hate when someone breath stinks nd they talkin 2 u like its time 4 a new kind of gum...lol
Thankful for free donuts. (Which we are currently eating with gravy and stuffing)
what u got comin up? Fill me more info, check out my music too. Thanks
Headed to #ZooLights this weekend? Stop at LiLLiES for an excellent dinner in an intimate atmosphere, just a few steps down the block!
tired of all the self-promotion and advertisements for wireframing tools ... where's the content?
You're welcome, fellow #Brewers fans. Obviously, I put money on the #Mets tonight.
Butt-shots!
Just got hungry I smell BBQ!!
Tight deadline project for prof who never checks email/voicemail. Hit snag & need response from him. It's his fault if it doesn't get done.
They both thought they had lead guitar and they were both so amazing they started shredding some amazing
just make music like if I want to read inspiring quotes I'll follow one of those fake twitters, and stop biting drake so much. Lol
craving a brisk!
Register now for Friday's User Group ft. ASU Jonesboro's myCampus Enterprise Edition! email to sign up!
Did you know: Gilbert Gottfried () does a really good Jerry Seinfeld impression. Watching his standup from '92 on
Dustin Brown is the man
Its gonna be ok. (:
I'm done
T___T RT : Now let's free Troy Davis!!!
I can disown whoever, whenever... even family <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Deleted my Facebook, all the shows I watch Sunday night are apparently done fer the season. Yeah that's right I'm doin homework
Thank you for the follow! We are following back too!! :)
He so stupid b4 he was datin her he nvr talked 2 me ten wen tey were dating he talked to me now ter apart he doesnt even talk 2me lik really
RT Brain expert says there is no indication of a natural cause of death in Yeardley Love.
do you watch Desperate Housewives too? Can't wait for the funeral episode this Sunday!
I don't always do things as last minute but when I do I make sure it gets done.
Thanks for the RT! Enjoy some real pie today :-)
You can't let praise or criticism get to you. It's a weakness to get caught up in either one. -John Wooden
i just got skimped nigga lol bad. my dub bag is on a diet.
I kno exactly what u mean lol
On a happy note, it's a splendiferous morning on #CapHillDC! Sunny, crisp, & cool... perfect!!
Shouldn't have lost them then you stupid fuck!
Downloaded the app to keep track of all the RSVPs for next week at #SXSWi. Gonna be fun and exhausting!
I do! Heading to Ft Lauderdale for the weekend
never take your pimp daddy for granted! Sheitttt and plus the great one, is the chocolate one ;)
I will not do such a thing! I'm passionate about my roots!
This is true RT ": Evan turner > Iggy"
we can start counting there losses now lol": Retweet if you're excited to find out the Raiders 2012 schedule tomorrow! RT :
you don't know me and I don't know you but I just wanted to say that your really cute :)
wait, is this the point where the machines gain sentience? oh crap!
but we are looking at a backup electric motor on next bike to deal with hills...
Road blocks come in the form of people, places and things. Which will you allow to overcome you today!?
I'm feeling SO MUCH BETTER today. I think I'm even going to go for a run. (I KNOW I KNOW WHO AM I?)
why is cee-lo on stage? honestly?
could happen
I need to holla at cha
I cannot decide! How helpful, I know.
I know of only one person from highschool that was kind to everyone. She's still kind to everyone. She'd make a lousy president.
thanks friend for your help - 10 more days :)
Not being able to finish a sentence because you're laughing so hard about the ending.
Hope you feel better. Fevers suck!
Appreciate what you have now......you won't have it forever
Wait is Andie McDowell yr example of oogly? No way, of course, since she is a hot-t.
I feel it bra
The study I heard on about people driving less didn't make sense to people like me who #drive over 20k #miles a year.
Since when are there "express" trains to Wheaton only skipping Forest Glen? Lots of pple now waiting.
Would love to, Carolyn, but I'd have to actually buy an iP*d first LOL Thinking it might make a nice birthday gift...
Isn't that the way it always goes? Feel better! :)
What?? Where we going?
Prob. more expensive than 1 2GB plan, but less than 2. I'm still on my unlim. plan, but we pay $55/mo for that plus a 2GB.
That 70's Show >
nice to have company at the bottom though.
sweet! I shall be near! Or maybe I shall attend the festivities! I definitely want to see you!
I just text u
Riveting crowd of 11 here for Madison's hardest trivia. I thought this was a thinking man's town?
Head phones upp loud as fuck while doing chemistry vocabulary
Bartab has been featured in NY Times, NBC Inc., & many well read publications. Chicagoan's/your niche would enjoy a Bartab piece!
It was! It's much lighter out there now though. Didn't snap a pic. Sorry!
isn''t she coming june 29th?:/
hope your day with your wonderful has been amazing! Have a great afternoon and a great nite! #MuchLove to you both!
Have an awesome time at Sundance!
Watching TV , and u?
No real requirements that we can think of, aside from being a reader of ours :) ^BPS
Let's go Giants!
#YouveDoneItToo claim your dog are your homework
Its National Cupcake Day. Choose your flavor!!!
hey um so can we stop by shs so i can pick up some money from my dad
One episode in and I officially hate Friday Night Lights.
You're looking for answers everywhere except within. Learn to master self-realization
Q7 I hate explaining 2patrons why we're not org by reading level. I'll find the book b. we *purposefully* don't organize that way
there are times when relatives a very useful critters.
Happy Star Wars Day! May the 4th be with you! Go Mets!
Haha made my flight with like 9 minutes to spare! Boston HOOOO!
Go Follow --> # PLEASSEEE For me it's my sister ^^
If only I had a dollar for every contestant who says "I'm not here to make friends..."
So since you're tweeting a lot I think you should send one my way ^-^
Details and apps to perform in 2012 fest will be posted in Feb. Fest will be early Aug. Hope you can join us!
Here we go aain! RETWEET this for a chance to win FRE Tickets to our show June 15th! with Fuel!!!! Go
This is the second time and tried so hard to be nice but I think I had it to the point where ijdgaf
Enjoying a weekend away
You're a liar and I don't like it.
Let there be a purpose for everything you do .....
Haha. No...really. I'm in L.A. and feel the compound could be taken down with very few civilian causalities. X
so that translates to "I bless Me", lol.
you to? I always feel like breakdancing.
Dear In regards to your new commercial. Should I realy be excited you let a $200 Fire on my PUBLIC WALKUP DOORSTEP?
has it been sunny all week in Seattle?
Sometimes I really wonder why people care so much about themselves #letgoofurprblems<U+E427>
Just found out my sister got jumped. Oh we jumping now? Fucking weak as' wait till I find out I will make sure you don't jump again.
Brandon! I absolutely <3 ur handbags & the little pillow dude is adorable! You are so creative, so happy to have met u in sf!
i have The same thing (:
I'm hoping I can get a ft job, it would def. help with payments.
All I wanted to say was "I Sorry" I hope you can forgive me ?
It always feels nice when you see a guy walk into a parked car while staring at you.
RT if You Support :)
I value you… if that helps.
In that case, please get here STAT!
finally reported #occupywallstreet but claimed we have "no Ideas" favored bloomberg's position. Maybe break up banks? Regulation?..
We're talented...at eating food.
I was called youngin' today :) good day..good day
do you know that is based in CLT? BTW I'll be in DEN this week. Which resort has the best snow right now ?
Yay, count on it. : Planning on having you with us next year!
great review of the movie.
Thanks Pat :)
•Love is temporary insanity curable by marriage.
Yeah probably like a dollar or two
Called Delta airlines for bereavement ticket info...the price quoted was more than what they were selling it for on their own website!
We will start to hear more people speak of the Tribe! Who is your Tribe? Time to wake up, Family, friends and supporters are your Tribe!!
Either Jarrett Lee is sleeping with Les Miles' wife, or Jordan Jefferson is sleeping with Les Miles.
game tonight as an early birthday present from moma and daddy. #soexcited #kindaspoiled #lovethem :)
Lithium Networks for all your networking/IT solutions.
Has Tom Brady blamed #SuperCuts yet today?
Duplicating/Printing DVD Short-Runs like crazy lately. Been authoring quite a bit to. The video work we do has certainly picked up - fun!
Positivity is key <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
Chik-fil-a for lunch hell yeah!
everything man has ever experienced began with a single thought.....
"JOEY AND JANICE'S DAY OF FUN!!" :) only my and my mom!
Tonight is $6 Liters and $5 Jager.. Come in and say hi.
The world is blind and you're its puppet , you lame puppets!
the packet?
"I was napping then I woke up because I farted"
yeah, it's starting to feel like purgatory now
When your in tumblr at school and a sex picture comes up... Yeah, I hide my phone.
Taylor airballs three ~ A shot-clock violation ~ Badgers are down one (3:01 remaining)
Well...I don't like you what you did is so wrong I'll never forgive you.
I've grown tired of these fucking grown man liars, storytellers..
morgan all over that.. love the shit talkin back to the stands
Happy Thursday Thanks for checking in on
It is too early for this. It may have something to do with all the Jager last night. Adrenaline is rocking Beale St. tonight at Wet Willie's
so can you come over?
Gonna record the rest of Consequence today.
I hate goin to work this early smh
shut up twin!!!!
When it comes to music you know a lot of Shit....I've been listening to the Blue all day...Keep killin it Sabzi!
Thanks for the post!
Ebony the only friend I got that be up early as hell with me.
So we got the day off tomorrow...but I may just come in anyway. Recruiting is a beautiful grind.
Hey Pittsburgh Fans, don't forget the Steelers play this saturday night vs ATL.
Why do I even like you? I guess thats why I do.......
i love you so much!!! the show is amazing!!!!
Spoiler Alert! Some of us are on the west coast! :-p
p. tars.
The beginning of the end... WORKOUT OR DIE!! SPARTAN TRAINING LEGGO!!
You CANNOT make such an IRRATIONALLY discriminatory statement when its clear you dont know SQUAT about people with Autism.
many thanks, Erin, for the kind words!
This beautiful life I live >>>
Happy belated Sun Keith
I'm attracted to an alien
#10peopleontwitteriwanttomeet Josh Hutcherson, Gabriel Landeskog Matt Duchene there are a bunch more but I can't think of them
What's up Serg. You able to do a phone interview sometime early next week?
missed u more!
Agreed. Great player. RT : Former WR Anthony Carter to announce #Vikings 2nd round pick at NFL Draft... Awesome!
if u could go on a date with anybody who would it b?
LMAO!! Been two years and I still have a MySpace account...160 messages, 109 from same advertising guy. Lol Someone tell him about Facebook
Picture day today! Go take your pic otherwise your id pic will be used in the online yearbook!
omg yes we do...but where??
We have links to three #South African newspapers on our site WWW.ussportspages.com
“: “: We know Obama and Rahm like it in the rear but we don't. Romney is your fraud on us #RNCmafia”.”.
I crave taco bell
my pleasure! You've moderated some great content there. Glad you're digging the song!
Just downloaded the tweetbot app. Highly recommend it!
Party song for a Friday: Tequila Sheila by Thom Shepherd
“: Don't look for people to tell you what to do. Seek out people who will inspire you with what they've done.”
alright :) thank you
Well they did create some pretty cool shows, the mini shows like Alice and Wonderland and their short movies can be great!
those were Vidal Sassoon's last words
When I’m feeling old school about a new marketing technology, I seek out cutting-edge partners and suppliers who can bring me up to speed.
You need to be on tumblr....
SHES SO DISGUSTING. I WANTED TO VOMIT EVERYWHERE.
does anyone else get uncomfortable watching nina and hicks get freaky? I don't know why but it really bothers me.
Got a 10-month old Weimaraner about a month ago. Might have to get this for her. She freaks out when we leave and most noises.
RT : Don't neglect your hair, says -- ensure your locks and happy and healthy with her tips:...
sounds like a plan homie preciate that
SO, i got the job <3 c: im going to fill out shit on tuesday and start training sometime this week
My neighbors are having a bonfire in the rain.
Big thank you to ! We honored her on the mic but she had already left. One of the main leads for Twestival Seattle! Thx, Nancy!
"Do you like your job?" "I mean you can bring snacks!!"
So I fell asleep on the couch last night reading. Woke up and moved to my bed at some point. Think I slept at least 11 hours. Whoa.
Bbq 20 lbs chicken for my kids school for tomorrows Christmas party listening to the Pens from Fla
where are you going for your lashes?
i think you're either missing a 'k' or the 'f' should be a 'd'...I think the former...
- Welcome Marna! Thanks for following! Robin Lynch Aerialist
Good stuff!
RT - #NFL also fines an undrafted rookie of the Jacksonville Jaguars Mike Lockley $20K
Haha. All that time, up in the cuts like gay niggas in butt.
Ah, yes - the chess games. I just KNEW I was forgetting something!
Today is #friday and I a co-worker bought me lunch to thank me for my help. Things are looking up.
This day needs to go by faster.
- thx for the follow. cool concept for a site. I just signed up. lets rock this thing!
Both nigger and slave are words that strip someone of their humanity. Replacing one with other makes no sense.
I liked it! We should only do the ones he did in that show.
DID WE ALREADY ORDER RAVEN TICKETS oh and when do you need MANAJ money ?!?!?
RT Nice to run into at ! So excited for good things to come this year!
We just passed key $30k momentum point on Thanks to all our supporters!
LMAO I photoshopped the hair in... glad u enjoyed
Be aggressive Boozer, I almost forgot you were on the Bulls roster
Hey Banjamin, Thanks for the follow!
thanks. Actually trying to do some market research. So, really what do you think?
RT : Tweet or take notes... Argh. Multitasking is a myth. -> I think tweeting is taking notes.
We just posted stills from our recent staged workshop! Check them out and "like" us on FB! www.facebook.com/thedevilanddaisyjane
Huge showing tonight at #wineweb: and many others
Opening night party has begun-come have some cake with us!
awful call
What are you dressing up as for Halloween?
how do we get on board for a show?
Waiting, waiting for senate to take up stadium bill. Senators Bonoff & Gen Olson predict longer debate than Monday's 8hr House.
My darling ... I have my book & crossword puzzle
Then I work with a team of developers to make our tools do those things
What are the 'dying field' today..
AT&T hooked it up with unlimited messaging and calling to any mobile at no additional cost. Cool!
Absolutely, man. Thanks for the follow back! Let me know what you think about it!
#liber2011 Need to move from being journal-centric, with authors (with ambiguous names) at the periphery, to contributor-centric.
Tonight's gonna be a good night.
thanks for the follow! Can't wait to check you out! xox
Yeauhhh good day for Avenue 52. Quick Photo Shoot, now working in the Studio! Pics out soon!
www.thejobewilson.com The Jobe Wilson Band
M....I love a gorgeous sunset!
Just woke up from a crazy dream. wow.
can't wait for #Believe !<3
what would your superhero name be?
Go UK!! RT : Kentucky Beats Louisville, 69-61, Moving to N.C.A.A. Final
I'm off to the Bahamas tomorrow for a babymoon where I will be doing my best manatee impression.
You look like Nucki Minaj :o
whats happening brother?
Getting ready to plan a trip to Cocoa Beach this summer for a fun in the sun getaway. Where should we stay?
“If you don’t bring a love of mankind to your work, your work is going to be very hol­low to begin with.” #photojournalism via last tweet
Tonight's Foreign Film - BREAD & TULIPS (Italy, 2000) Starts at 7:30pm
That's right Reggie miller all about power and speed
I hope you will all start following stansdailybrew here on twitter, it's my new coffee house in montebello!
Way to respond, Bulls! Led by the Bench Mob and Lu!
Me too Friday come already! ! (:
Who out there is
143- love the number :) i love your username! and your hair looks gorgeous red <U+2665>
You're welcome!
DASH has Orion V, Gillig Phantom, and I think a couple of others.
it's cool
You can't keep doing the same things and expect different results ~
Think like a man had me rolling
Your twitter page looks great when open to a picture, it's like landing on the #WSVN homepage. Well played , well played ;)
1044 homesless kids in the schools so far this year. 840 still in the schools. Doesn't include 4K kids.
We arent scoring in this game. It's done.
Bedwetting Misunderstood but Often Treatable
Criminal Minds has aired 148 episodes. Wish I knew how many i have seen.
The one advantage of being to ops guy is you don't suffer bleacher ass during the eval period.
legendary pacer forward jeff foster retires today after 13 gritty seasons..
dont tweet about it unless you be about it. LMAO
Why do people still prank call and why do they have todo it at 4am.
im not leaving til August 17th
I need more friends that want to dress up for Halloween with me. Though I'm thankful for plans at all. Should be fun even without a costume!
"Find out who you are and do it on purpose.” Dolly Parton
My followers are amaing!
I'm officially sitting in the dark
faveorite part so far! couldnt stop laughing!
It is a beautiful day in LA today!
Peggy:"12 Years old and drinking a BEER?!" Bobby:"I didnt even like it!" Hank:"Oh now youre just trying to make me mad."
Great take on iTunes, Adam! We need to save iTunes from itself!
Only a couple of seats remain for the Grill & Swill food & wine pairing dinner Friday night Details-www.chefjjs.com
To be seasoned and wise you must first be young and stupid.
Can anyone else think that spring but be delayed by higher gas prices?
": Anbody in Madison getting UW-Gophs game on TV?" Channel 445 on dish network
wish I could! I also have a gig that night. But thanks for inviting.
She must have heard me coming that was quick.
What's your WiFi Network?
you just got me pumped as hell... I got you baby
I don't know who u are or what you're about. But I've apparently fell victim yet again to slandering claims. sorry 4 inconv
President Obama says he now supports same-sex marriage. Join for the latest on First at 4!
People already calling King basketball players "thugs" on JSOnline comments.
Dude... Peyton Manning is a Bronco!
Texas Assault make it back to Adidas Super 64 again! Championship Game vs. Dream Vision 7pm CST. On CBS College Sports TV
#Str8LykeDes... Ion play both sides dats for you pussy niggas who claim you loyal to streets...
can't wait to have you evenings made fresh
Thanks for doing that!
Im going to that pay perview got a free ticket
wait, that one was drive. I've posted both
Headed out to ! So happy!
Nice place you have here. Ava and Finn are with us too.
Am I the only one who is scared of Siri? Wait till she takes over everything and tries to kill us! Remember iRobot people!?!?
GB should be ashamed of that BS. Killed by an inferior tm
thank you!
But the pout, my friend! Enough to melt adamantium...I think:)
thanks for responding... I'm almost there too haha crazy... Wish didn't hate me
Just learned from Watertown coach Steve Harrington of the passing of Peter Gonnella. Condolences to the family.
Because it's all about the #Pricing guys- thanx for the RT's!!!
LMAO! Yes he is. Why did you wait so long this year?
LV school district is a joke.
I also get mad when it's your birthday and they get mad at you, that gets me so piss.
What the imagination seizes as beauty must be truth.
goodmorning twitter. great day for a shoot
Jeff van Gundy is the definition of a hater
Happy Friday the 13th!!! & this is my 666th # tweet! Yay! :)
are you a #mizzou alum and/or fan? If so, I admire you even more. Great win tonight!
Yas boo. I'm in NYC anyway, for the Malcolm X event with :)
GO TO SLEEP! ;)
I Really feel that Twitter is like my personal journal. <3
Learning & AJLI history is fascinating & inspiring but makes me wish we were doing even more now
"So" is a real word stop correcting it to "do"
“: Dad is encouraging me to take a morning off school this week to go surfing. #badfather haha” Gotta love your Dad! <3
Holiday travel takes a toll on everyone. Why not use a GPS Personal tracker this holiday season? You'll know where your loved ones are.
Can you imagine explaining to a 4 year old what the word "retarded" means?
It's June 16, if you aren't busy ;)
#RaleyField is a lil slice of Americana. Nothing like 9 innings, a dog and a beer in
i dont wanna hear it !
many thanks!
to me, the worm was worst cuz i HATE the smell of worms.
RT : Network becomes one large distributed cloud data center – see the demo at Intel booth -
Who says u cant? :-)
Good Morning!
“: Partner is the new associate.”
YEAH! Glad to hear that I was able to inspire you. Find what you love, and the motivation will come. :-)
Hispanic and Native American parents have the lowest educational expectations for children
flying out of O'Hare in a few minutes, land in Ft. Lauderdale at 9:45 :)
# InterviewQuestion You really didn't get along with your last boss, did you? # Jobs Leading question - don't be led!
Matter of fact, I WILL start a rumor just to see how many analysts blindly react to it and scrap months and months of research. Here we go:
I dislocated my knee is college. There is nothing like it. Really painful
hey followers thanks for following its appreciated! :)
Jennifer's body > idk why I love this movie. It cracks me up all the time <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
Soccer! RT: : There's 100 days until the #Olympics. What's your favorite sport?
Miss you!
I got a sign on my clit, paid niggas only.!!!.
Signing copies of my book, Grey Eminence, at Fort Belvoir this weekend. Now I just need customers.
Wow! Huntsville, Alabama! Bout to be on the radio and doing shows there.
Seriously. Almost birthday party time. Hurry Friday!
"I got a pocket full of ones and no drawers!" - Kevin Hart, "Think Like A Man"
“: ugh! Simply Casual on Livernois and outerdrive”>>>don't ugh me!
lol! i have never even met this fool in person, i just had an internet tutoring session with him and he's asking for my digits!
Twins win!! What a come back. 6th in a row and we're now only 2 games out of 1st.
Follow me, i follow back. Please retweet. :*
Tired. :S
sweet! Can't wait.
sometimes you have 2 dig deep 2 find something beautiful.... --Mia
They wanna send me a 24 inch one instead lol.
Thanks to former #MiamiDolphins DE #JohnBosa for joining his old teammate on the show. Your calls/texts the rest of the way!
Today in 1957 #Indians young pitching phenom Herb Score was hit by a line drive and it largely ended his career.
I loved the Christmas video! I'm so proud of you!
RT : Laying in bed and watching the eagles play this morning. Go get'em boys!
channeling our early conversation to reach Zen - we must do that more often :)
Are your bags on the broke bus still or did they fit?
i want there to be a thunderstorm. (:
calm down for a second. they wouldn't touch the spurs or thunder in the west. come on.
After the Lions, I'm rooting for the Jets in the draft.
On my way to epcot! #woo hoo
tell 'em quit the bitchin, we're gonna make it in a second....
Eghh nasty guy at Mickey d's giving me the creep face D:
Officially signed up for the 10-mile Broad Street Run!!
You can listen to thunder after lightning and tell how close you came to getting hit. If you don't hear it, you got hit, so never mind.
I <3 talking to no one :(
#LangstonHughes the poet was born on this day in 1915
That weed is shitty its all shitty colored and dead lookin oh wow I actually thought candy bar dude was cool but his weed ain't
ha! i bet i know who you're talking about. maybe you & i can go get the one reserved for her and split it
This wasn't because you we're tweeting & driving was it? Stay Safe!
Welcome to our newest members to our #Fringe page! Hope we can all survive the hiatus!
Twitter vent sesh
Happy Birthday Vicki !! Hope you have a great day !!
I got the job
One week until we play at Red 7!
im doing good, very bored! what about you? (:
Watch them on the rooftops leave you topless.
You know exactly how I was made, bit by bit, how I was sculpted from nothing into something. Ps139 MSG
i LOVE justin bieber <3333333333333333333333333
after luck who should the colts take with their next picks
Hm, I wonder why I can't change the channel...
they need that big red staples button lmao
You? RT : Lady Gaga's #BornThisWayBall Tour has grossed an approximate of $30,000,000 ONLY in its first 8 shows.
We recently used Champion Movers, found via Angie's List. Price was right and the guys did a very good job handling our stuff.
": wait there are not even 275 countries in the world why the fuck does it say this in my script?"HAHAHAHA they gotcha!!
In Dallas for a 3 hour layover, what a blast!
PLANNING ANOTHER FREE FACEBOOK EVENT! Who wants to meet a brand new psychic????
Also, get prepared for pilot season and feature films by taking an on-camera workshop to hone your TV/Film acting techniques.
no sir
Thee picture of Ed and Lily looks weird. It looks like Lily cought Ed cheating or something and he's saying "Harry kissed me!"
definitely taco bell.
Penalty Union! Cheeky pk. Very nice. Philly 1 Columbus 0.
I have too much energy
Can we just for one night let the stars where we belong?
will allow us to inform you of nearby offers. We promise the app does NOT operate as a GPS when closed. We're battery friendly :)
Denver better bring it tonight. :] Show tonight at the marquis. Only everyone is coming. :D
Haha my babe will not have a clue for what I got her for Valentines,,
- so glad we don't do that anymore. That was actual work. What I do now... not so much
(c) door shirtless...SHIRTLESS...it was damn hard to stare haah....#fail at that haha...he waved, and then started to go up the stairs (c)
Just watched replay of Chelsea/Barcelona....... Holy Crap!!!!
RT : Daniel Radcliffe steps out of Harry Potter's shadow in He talked to our critic about it....
Talking and with
Create a new account <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0080> Follow --> :)
Yeah well she's not gonna be nearly as old as me on Saturday. LOL. <U+2192> She's going to be 13 on Friday - YIKES!
Think i'm gonna go take a damn NAP!
I drown myself in music wen the world dries of silence!
I totally agree wth your comment. Pathetic, disgusting, incompetent, clueless ass.
Show no love„ love will get u killed
Doesn't he have a woman for that?
TIPS try to help elder/disabled neighbors prepare, and the outside/homeless animals, tarps/sheds/porches make good shelter, food too! RT
I could really use a LORT of my own. Jeez o wow, I am so ready to program the hell out of my own LORT. :)
About to cause some well deserved chaos.
all day long, b
thanks for the Follow (:
Would like to get tickets to a taping of #TheVoice. Need to see if is really as tall as he looks on TV.
That's my point: they're marketing it in a way that keeps libraries on their customer's radar. Opportunity knocks.
My pastor word for the day... Nehemiah 6:3 - "stay on the wall, don't come down"
depends on what you're buying! haha I'm down for whatever
Looking forward to all the shows coming up, anyone want Einstein! to play at your house party? hit us up :D
Thanks to Mariam at 826DC for a great conversation about how and can collaborate to serve DC students!
It could be interesting to see Jones/ Silva at a catch weight b/c they're so unpredictable and explosive, but I doubt it too.
"We favor an income tax [so] wealth may bear its proportionate share of the burdens of the Fed Govmt" Dem Pres Platform, 1908
twitpic! What did you decide you were gonna do this weekend and on Monday?
I'm dying to hear the story! You know, my husband and I are wedding photographers
thank you hunn,btw you're super nice too :)
It was a circuit training routine. We have a personal trainer for our office. kicked my butt!
Following the light of the sun, we left the Old World.-Christopher Columbus
Hey twitter!!! Can i plz have more followers! I follow back! :)
thanks for following us we would to do an interview with you soon dm any kind of info to contact you
you are always good enough! especially for olivez <U+E044>
nun much just chillin in school...
zoo free today, you guys know what that mean right?........All the black ppl will be there
Wow her dog luvs us..she placed yet another order! She luvs her dog!!
At my last trinity football home game of my college career! Kinda bittersweet but we're off to a great start!
RT : Justin beiber rolling with the Money Team!
with a healthy Oden, MAYBE.
You got it..
or C. Go to rant like Mel Gibson lessons. LOL
it's a happy hour! Come on down.
University of #Arkansas announces head football coach Bobby #Petrino has been “terminated immediately”
its goin good just finished the kitchen
Mind out the clouds and head in the game..
yeah but our bandwidth makes it a little iffy. I welcomed you all into my bedroom - I thought that was very open of me.
No baby yet...looks like his due dad will come and go....my wife thinks he has a sick sense of humor like his dad...the wait continues...
Awesome blossom, with extra awesome.
Was skeptical about crowd-sourcing until great session DC thanks for hosting it & everyone for participating
To the hot guy in the white range rover sport who winked and smiled at me, I love you
I keep forgetting to buy my globetrotter tickets! Who will go with me???
Illness likes to prey upon the lonely, prey upon the lonely
same shyt, grind and hardtimes boo
my pleasure! Thanks for the kind words :)
Drag Your Content from the Internet Abyss and Have it Soar Above the Surface Drag Your Content from the Internet Abyss and have it Soar A
I just caught my puppy staring at one of my posters... is it possible for dogs to be simpsonizers? haha:D
Congrats on becoming pres of Austin Film Critics Assoc!!!! Well deserved!!!!!!
Follow back?(:
Did you dm him babe x
Password swappers rejoice! It looks like Google's quietly added multi-admin support to Google+ brand pages...just in time for X-mas!
follow back please
Working on NetCDP. An easy Online backup solution to Amazon S3 or NAS appliances.
Thanks to everyone who attended #TheDaveDormanExperience here on Saturday - what an amazing group of people.
These alley oops are
Now following :))
what happened?
Awesome! I've seen both the magic/surgery. But completely forgot about it. Makes me want to integrate tech into my magic more!
I'm doing a photo shoot right now with the green globe painted on my belly, waving a Swedish flag.
RT : Zeen.... Soon sawt yuh out... · k..I can hear you're accent via tweets lol
word! keep em coming!
Facebook is showing it live right now :)
I wish i could go so bad but i have SCHOOL :/ hope you have an awesome time
Can't wait to thank my wife.. and GOD!!! for my Golden Globe... Ricky Gervais was funny, comparing the Golden Globes to the Oscars..lol
what did u think of it? :)
Good morning :)
Hello, Marco, thanks for following. What is your PokerStars club number? Invite code: ? Thanks.
Prince went yard!!!! SWEET!!!!
Never got tix to see my girl in #MKE. Stubhub, here I come!
The main motivation for doing this is to donate (in the donators name) to the various cancer fighting funds, such as !
ha, I do the same thing. A lot of "there theres" :)
bye Nashville and
why's that?
if it's not like a movie. then that's how it should be. <3 katy perry rocks :DD
just made your Easter Egg Bread. Even w/brown eggs (not dyed) and a very warped-looking braid, the whole fam loves it.
Keep in mind my sister is a scientist who *has* a relaxer. She's not convinced it's unhealthy. <insert confused face here>
You earn respect.
well then sir I hope for your sake you move miles forward and then jump from the car and let it hit some jerk at top speed
#SharkTank Lesson: Wow Vinnie Bikes killed it! Sell your product to your investor and the investment will come!
ITS GAMEDAY SunTrust River City Rumble style!!! Coach Warren and the Fins host the other team in Jax at Arena at 7pm!!
YES THE COMPLETE LENGTH HAIR PRODUCT LINE IS STILL THE HOTTEST ALL NATURAL HAIR GROWTH LINE ON THE MARKET.....
When your guy friends talk about girls awkwardly...
Off to Globe to meet David Shields and sort more type!
I just got on my tumblr account for the 1st time in like a year when you made me make one. Your posts or whatever r crazy!
I love your observations.
I was legit scared for a second until I read the link
text me
“: Whoever planned the exit strategy for the Black Eyed Peas in is a moron and should be fired” - AGREED!
Avengers with
is having a FB contest. Winner gets $25 Visa & a FREE 2 oz of HCG (if you need to lose about 30lbs) www.facebook.com/SoCalHCG
Today's #joejaneswisdom: "This is a meatball search: you throw in a lot of stuff and hope for the best."
i love aubrey oday so much when you were in danity kane that i named my daughter aubri lol keep up the good work.
hey hey hey hey :D
watching Tracy Beaker hahah
I'm not sure how to tell you this...but I can talk to owls.
pitch corrected. computed emotion
careful what you wish for ;)
It's sad to be excited when you see gas for $4.08, huh?
Dad's retirement dinner!
Is sheltering in place at the starbucks on dupont circle.
dual monitor set up, headphones, and diet coke with a straw makes for a happy communications associate.
If you are the first of your friends to find out about us, please suggest or share our page with your friends.
Look forward to seeing friends - and making new ones at #cesummitFC today. Make sure to say hello!
I bicycled from Portland, Oregon down to San Francisco...It's a trip I'll always cherish...good for him.
No kidding! It seems weird to be starting this when it still feels like summer.
will do!
Are you crazy lol,what are you gonna do with Cena hit him with your skateboard,you have made him mad now too
If everybody smoked loud then the shit would be cheap ....
i cant believe im really goin to philly in 2 days....crazy last min. shit lol but exciting!
and ps if you aren't watching ice loves coco right now...imma need you to out it on asap. Please and thank you.
Thanks! I'm looking forward to building a couple of other apps soon.
Thanks for the link. Debate goes on. Actually the "Monster" metaphor interested me for a different reason, name, can it (cont)
Thanks so much, Linda! It's good to Thrive!
I was feelin coco lounge lastnight excellent drinks on the latino side but y they didnt have shit in the hip hop room lol?
Shake the Stress away
Just watched the Hunger Games! It was awesome!
If I buy fantabuloso tickets will Justin be there since Carly's performing
shots of patron and buds
thank you my friend, I should double check my grammar before posting, especially if I havent had my daily dose of AM caffeine ;)
well I have the same problems!
I'm a songwriter & my publisher sent a song I wrote called SPECIAL CHILDREN 2 ur company, I also sent it 2 Susie,have u heard it yet?
“: so excited for you!!!!” thank you!
Don't promise when you're happy, don't reply when you're angry & don't decide when you're sad.
Twice, back to back? God I'm amazing.
Look out casino, here I come!!
i dont even know who im talking to!
Today is Michael Stipes birthday from the band R.E.M. Share a QWiP on your favorite R.E.M song with your friends & family!
RT : It's incredible how a simple "hello" can change someone's world.
Those martinis look delicious! Love the pic-- thanks for sharing!
Can't believe there is about a month & a little bit left of this school year.
Yes.. it's actually a passage from Norwegian Wood.
And that WEATHER!
Seemed risky to me too - lots of 'awkward' potential. I was impressed that someone was able to make it work in their sessions.
me c:
wish you were here.....
Ill be back in the salon strong tomorrow! Come get beautiful ladies.
actually I probably should be worried now that i am following you, and . Yikes.
Honestly, why do some people make everything SO difficult--This is not a rhetorical questions.
Body still in pain. I know I can't fake the feelings but don't try n play doctor Phil and try fix the problem. I am trying to forget it.
David is dumb :T
Do you offer your tenants Convergent Billing and Utility Consulting ? www.ocius.net
Portland is my friend. :-)
By the way, we totally cleaned up at your book sale.
not so eery, really :) Just reachin out to the #LAThtr fam, lookin for the best deals for a lil shot we still gotta grab.
Awesome! ! RT : Wow! Seattle students were out in force at today's #gapyear fair! Great afternoon!
Hey Sheri! Yeah I'm here till Monday.
Think can pull out a W over their archrival Purdue tonight 6pm? We sure hope so.
Oh god, Vonnegut's glass of water is now some lady's hat?
I always thought they should let him run the wildcat a couple times a game. Give Ben some rest. Not in Toad Haley's bag, I guess.
Definitely hydro, would need to check wind, probably solar. But solar had space program to nurse it through.
Unstable creatures ain't shit and they aint say nothin....100 mothaluvaz can't tell me nothing, I beez in tha trap (Edited for the kids).
We tried creating your SlideRocket account for HATCH but the email got sent back to us!
woah I dunno about that! Is pretty great! maybe we're equal?? ;)
compromising? hmm, do tell...
walked by my window
Congrats on your marathon. What an accomplishment, especially in hilly So. Cal.
That tweet was painful.
The dog jumped up on my cousin and her 2 year old niece said "oh dat dog tryna suck yo titty." I died laughing
Settle down queen | no one better, you forever that's for now queen | when the times right, get your mind right
Looking forward to Mike and Molly tonight - it is the wedding!
"Big journals are not the best fit for everything." "Editors can be your friend, but do call constantly."
I ain't one to complain but in 2012 I'm putting my foot down this he expect me to do I ain't gone do it unless u doing it to me
ah me to ! i cant wait anymore!!
I need some water
I'm mexican and I got the belt, not a race thing, bad parenting crosses all races.
Tryna find sum way to get vip tickets to the #1 girl tour
is your happy hour still going on?
ok goodnight gotta do the mom run tomorrow with the Byrne Mom and girls! Hope I don't get my ass kicked by old women
Do deaf people get paranoid when they fart in public?
Birthday in the Little household - DQ Cake w/flames, Go carts, mini-golf, and fun with friends
Red Sox fans behind home plate watching themselves on smartphones instead of the game should be removed. :(
Thinking about a #kodak memory project to capture #ROC & national sentiments
Google Ads Now Handle App Download Links - InformationWeek
Think it into existence
I feel like dog shit but I survived! Yay me!!
Starting vocal rest but I actually just think I'm getting sick :/
wow you got a great camaera great pic's i think you win the prize!
Ok knee - none of this. We have a 5k to run. Shape up!
you can hang on for another 7-8 mins ;)
It's personal, myself and I.. We've got some straightening out to do..
RT Looking for a client side writer in KC, 4-6 years of exp. Will work with all mediums. Great culture, great benefits.
Why is it that every time I go into the bathroom at Hodges Library someone is always taking a mean shit? WHY!? I want to urinate and breathe
besides the subject matter there is a husband named Gary & dog named Brutus! Lol
no telling, lol. But that had to be years ago.
I'm not -.- I'm just saying that you are mean. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
will be there with Mrs. PaddyMcAtl she can bring some Cuban food
Follow Matt Hunter before 12AM and win a skanz band!!! He is incredibly talented!
Really tempted to slap this bitch she is giving me a headache. What the actual fuck.
Since moving to Seattle we've put on a few lbs even though we bike/ walk everywhere. I blame all the good beer here.
you realize Gus Johnson is doing MLS radio? His call last week with game winner in extra time gave me shivers.
Anyone want to go to the drive in tonight?
Yea its late but im just now getting dressed!
Excited to see you! Let us know what you have. RT : excited for dinner tonight at !!
darril or something in that nature
Never been to San Ramon. I like Costa Rica though and have been there a bunch of times
HAPPY BIRTHDAY HAILEY!!!
That looks like the dearly departed Antojitos...
That's AWESOME!!
HAPPY LATE BIRTHDAY TO THE BEAUTIFUL <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0088>
Oh wow. I'm a nerd.
reading the george wright/black panthers story right now :) thanks for rt
"says if wasn't for me, it would just be aweso"
save me a pitcher of gin and juice.
RT : An Opinion...Is Not A Persuasion. Too Often,Christians..Have An Opinion. That's all.
freestyle www.youtube.com/spyda254
LOL! Good glad I didnt miss it :)
Biggest vices: alcohol, women, and netflix.
Are you dressed daily in the clothes of humility?
Love it when he texts me first with silly comments! :3
Find us tonight in at swirl wine bar
Proud to be named a board member of the ! As former staff, I know first hand the impact of this great org.
Wait, HBO's Veep is created by the director/ writer of In The Loop (on Netflix), one of the best movies of the past couple years? I'm in.
At #toast2downtown because this is the neighborhood, and I love it
SHUT UP!! wasn't it hilarious and terrifying?!! aghh what the hell is it??!!
I miss 's #FF mentions. I really do.
Just said "sorry" for making the female bank clerk run my company's stack of checks again, b/c the comp. didn't get them all
Captain Gross.
Superbowl XLVI prediction: New England Patriots v. New York Giants
sure thing let me know
I love the internet and would be totally lost without my constant connection but it can be a source of such anonymous cruelty.
where are these inflatables you speak of?
This one is for the grown men. If you're going to be bold enough to go up to a woman and ask her out, please don't do it in Aqua Socks.
So the High-Octane offense is leaving #Pitt for Arizona State. Which may be good, I could barely handle all the excitement.
RT "To make a great #film you need three things - the script, the script and the script.".
Wow! - Post Japanese Tsunami - Super-honest searchers turned in wallets containing $48m and safes containing $30m. [ABC News, 8-17-2011]
because said devices correct your spelling to completely illogical new worlds.
I'm telling you, prayer really does do the trick. It's just what I needed!
can I come with?! I just saw the email! Haha
Guys with big lips <U+E106>
Back at the hotel now. The SDCC OSM exclusives are totally sold out. www.theouterspacemen.com will have them for sale on Sunday night!
idk yet just started the tape 10min ago
You met him ONCE. He "flirted" with you. It's called being nice to a fan. That's really all .
Love that song!!! I'm not giving you an hour or a second or another minute longer - awesome lyrics by Hillary Scottplease retweet
Today is #FollowFriday. Tell your friends about
We would love to help! Email us
It's funny when dumb users turn it around on the person helping them as the one being dumb... No my friend, it's you.
Tiny Dinosaur Sported Shimmery Feathers
I'm on it, sorry. Trying to answer people from lots of different places. Never a dull moment here!
boy meets world is trending... twitter is now
Colorado Solo Music Artist Awards May 16, 2637 Welton St. PERFORMANCE BY TICKETS $6
Gonna be in NYC early part of next week. Are you around ?
You guys are seriously so perfect together <3 aww so beautiful and perfect :')
I hear people all the time say they hate exercise. It's not that hard. Find something you enjoy doing and DO IT! Don't just sit there
I can't forget to mention and thank the one and only for always being my true inspiration.
hi Ariana! Good night! Love u! Xo
:OSBC panel: Michael Skok -North Bridge Hat, :most likely to disrupt: CMS
Participated in the online discussion on managing #foodallergy in schools. Great forum and advice!
Exit Facebook, close laptop, get into bed, unlock phone, check Facebook ..
Time to hit you all with the Pre Mayweather - Cotto fight TECH update!!!
no I don't know any places I'm pretty sure they sold out
I see you. Give me a call when you have a few. I've got some updates for you.
i posted a pic:)
I watched that movie when I was 15 and it warped me Then Cruel Intentions came out and I was pissed no one had seen DL first
District Champ for the 1 mile!! :D
saying "and yeah.." when you don't know how to finish the sentence...
Yeah it is, don't lie.
Getting razor like Cristina Yang focus right now..... whilst watching her on GA.
hit me wit darian unfollow then
Yeah man your work looks great. I definitely understand you charging. Let me think it over for a while and get back to you!
Keep 'em comin...and please say hey to guitar tech extraordinaire Kevin O'Rourke! We miss him.
is mellow out like a mofo!!!!!!
TeIam ... now tell me there is no "I" in the word lol
New single "subway" drops today :00 Twitter Facebook YouTube Hot new hip hop Sound cloud
can a buddy get a follow? <3 Brock
bike's not for sale, but I've got a MacBook Pro I can do for an even 15
We cannot accept recycling in plastic bags. Our vendor will not take them. Please recycle with your grocer. Thanks and thanks for recycling!
de nada. If you go, say hi. I think I'll be there.
O, look at all that red and gold. Fancy!
Just found Tweet.Grader.com as part of a story I'm working on about Lexington tweeters. I'm ranked 1,393,074 out of 10M+ Tweeters. Ha!
If I cared about who won this game, id be freaking out.
Elliot took a quick nap, and the whizzing puck by his ear, woke him up!
I see you're into generalizations and facile conclusions. gotcha. 1/2
not away k mean WAY
Tonight Sunday Funday Chucks! A*dubb and killing it all night tonight starting at 10. No cover and Shots Shots shots CROWN!
Great advice. Always go in that order plus shoulders before tri's and bi's
I'm in, confirm with Aaron....
Amen that you can appreciate being raised that way, with values and respect for yourself. And Kudos to who raised you 2!
Hi, No I don't
will the new cafe fit all of the people who are getting tickets to the opening party? Seems like you'll need a bigger venue!
Soul Surfer is such an insipring movie too me. :)
absolutely! This extra-judicial war on wikileaks is a worrisome development.
Hey, meetcha on the beach in one month! Congrats on all of the art show action too!
That's a Friday? That may be our grand opening of new Friday RT Gotta tour bus fulla people on May 18th
Ah. We've finally solved that one by coming straight into the lot from the N... No turning in. Made a big diff!
Sending the best of luck to our RAW Dream Team member Nick Delpopolo at Panamerican Championships!!
Salem MA. rocks! Just sayin'
I hate it when I forget to shave my armpits....17 days in a row.
So lucky. My son loved the Buccos game. What a trooper.
All crazy errors I get in #FinalCutPro ONLY happen when I'm at the end of a project, on a strict deadline, and have had no sleep.
Heat is putting in work <3
And with that, I've just gotten every single achievement for the entire Mass Effect trilogy.
doing maaaah hair <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0086>
A tilt of the kilt to the Festival City of Edinburgh. They have recently wrapped their second annual week-long International Magic Festival
Hanging with authentic good friends is like food for the soul!
Looking forward to the coaches clinic 2mrw in the Dells! Should be a fun day of hoops!
the kids are ok still the same ol you know
I hear you have this thing called espnplayer? I guess u can get NHL center ice on it??
Good Afternoon
I need a blunt right now. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
haha we swear there is one! RT : Can I beta test your iPad app that you can't convince me doesn't exist? ;)
what u got plan 4 today
loving this rainy day. especially since I don't have to drive anywhere.
Watching this Nationals/Dodgers game is giving me flashbacks of Ned Yost.
Soon as I go to sleep watch how many missed calls I wake back up to
the protest is at 1pm!
I thought so. Are you sure there isn't some Red Bull in there?
": If you do not yet know your calling, it is because #God is still preparing you for it. Enjoy the ministry He gives you daily"
oh man, that sounds nuts.
#BecauseofObama right wing loons pretend our national debt began on 1/20/09 & take ZERO responsibility for their role in it!
Nothing new to twit about.
Elvis has reopened. Baltimore's biggest burrito is back!
thanks girl! You too!
is good tonight #HappyBDay!
the lyric in question is referring to the diameter of a bullet not a gun, your change doesnt make any sense.
I want a flashing toothbrush,luckky....
do you know of any place that fixes cracked screens on iPads?
I flirt with old ladies just for the fun of it!
following you :)
Woke up so early 2day it was still yesterday.
All the Xmas gifts we bought this yr are from a NonProfit or for an experience. Decision just affirmed by seeing the chaos that is Filene's.
RSVP: Destiny Pictures
Nigga just stopped a nigga and asked for some reggie...i damn near choked to death laughin at dude!
what's next?
27M or 24% of revenue in Q1 2012 was due to international subscribers
I mean but it's me though.. And I don't feel the need to change for anyone... despite if they like my shit or not..
I owe u money ?
The Bloggers Lounge is on the 3rd floor. You won't be able to miss it. Welcome to bring your laptop to do some work.
I am, thanks dude:))
LIES! It was nothing short of the sexiest thing i've ever seen.
thanks!! :)! Ugh I can't even imagine taking your exams lol I would probably just die :( and yes! Wanna go out next week?
Tonight, our singers help pay tribute to this year's honorees at the Honors. The show will air on 12/27 at 9 p.m.
Daughter chose dentist from Yelp MT et all. Personal referral is how most people select a doc. How can #hcsm support that?
#DASER Nathaniel Comfort will talk about Reflections on Elegance in Science and Nature.
i wish i got good grades
Congratulations to our final Target Gift Card winner for Friday, JimV!
Please join us! Create a FREE profile, connect with others www.knowledgesafari.com
New song ft cap1 &quot;racks n bands&quot; tune in
Our GRANDman has came so far! Our family is almost at 100k. Were proud and love you Cenzo :)
I bees in the trap
Ate a bowl of strawberries and now my right ear keeps twitching. WTF is all that about...
driving. Blah!
just leave it as that
Punch hole in wall
Hello Liz: Thanks for the follow.
Hi Ricky, interested in discussing how Kanjoya's emotional tool can assist u better understand ur clients campaigns. Follow 2 DM?
yes!! Totally legal and everything. What do you think ? Can we get a doggy?
Loving and protecting my kids is all I really wanna do
It's a GREAT day in Charlotte with
Morning Tweeters... Hope everyone had a safe n relaxing weekend!! :)
Finding out I ain't gotta pay for my classes >
Ron Paul plans a "revolution" at the convention..ever since Washington left him behind at Valley Forge, that man has just wanted his day..
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams. ~Eleanor Roosevelt
snicker snicker... up to $50... stop while you are ahead !
Thanks to all who came out for the San Diego premier of #WeightoftheNation! We're all in agreement:
We have a new communal computer station w/internet access -- a worn but not forgotten Mac, no less -- look at us now ;)
LOL'd at session one. Very odd way to start the day. Can't say I'm surprised with what I've seen if other cons.
Real fat flexible hoes look crazy with their legs pinned behind their heads. Taffy apple looking bitch!
Today I don't feel like doin anything I just wanna lay in my bed don't feel like pickin up my fone so leave a message at the tone
The fine a** people you find on Facebook with the relationship status single. :O
The more we understand God’s love for us the more love we’ll show it to others.
Keep it up Memphis!
RT : Loyalty is either dead or dying.." ~ its #dead ~ peeps don't even know the meaning of loyalty anymore!!!!
Golf claps to for high-fiving the youngsters on his way to 17 green. Know it was a tough day for him, but made their days!
but it's not like she eats fish....
I 2nd that.
Agreed. Ridiculous. And I'm #BBN. RT : A joke not elected to HOF - BELONGS - resume is Hall worthy.
If you gota die you might as well die hard .
Do the thing you fear the most. ~ Eleanor Roosevelt
Its hard seeing someone you once loved, love someone else
I need to finally go one of these days.
Closing the gap on one heck of a long couple of weeks.
My cholesterol is a little high. Hahaha I love Bruce Willis
same as last two years against Chicago and Vancouver
I mean, in *my* world they are...
Good luck to the team doing the Indoor Triathlon at Fitness Formula Lincoln Park today! Go T2!
TONIGHT: Winter Ball 2011 at Swan Dive with the VBB. Drinks, food, pictures with Santa. Jazz standards and holiday music. 9p-2a.
Just booked a reservation for our wedding anniversary dinner at our favorite restaurant Serafina in #Seattle! :)
should have went to kk
Got a little bit way too squirrelly last night
Salba is Chia Seed! If u r buying this,u r probably paying too much. Check for Chia Seed price @ grocery or health food store. #Foodie 32112
I'm almost tempted to stop recommending doubling soft 19 vs 6. It never seems to end well. LOL.
Happy Monday!!
Librarian humor:
No you are not. He is brilliant.
in the lab wit puttin the mix on
Is that actually you? With the black tank top?
I thought so too!
Tim Sands, 39% of research awards at Purdue involved HPC in 2010
Cake taste better than Muffins
Cool, that is what I am thinking to Vinum then PCG
is laying down with ice on his parts, working toward responsible infertility and receiving the best of care.
Going to BNI...
OMG were going to have a new family member yay my aunts pregnant <U+E415><U+E057><U+E057><U+E057><U+E057><U+E057><U+E057>
congrats pumpkin!!!! You're gonna be a fantastic aunt
Tried a burger at "The Purple Cow" just now. Not a big fan...
if someone would text back then i would.
#Badgers No!
Can you do me a favor and please give a shoutout to
-Ty for the emails doll! Looking forward to pulling!! xox
knocks round.
what goes through a guys mind when their screwing you over.....://
MY NAME IS LEYLA! ;D Hehee(;
My Klout score is higher than both of yours. I have no idea why.
thanks for the interest. Were you at #zinfest too? I'd say I was sorry I missed you, but I couldn't even find my coworkers!
Shits about to get real ugly at my house, I need to get the hell outta here!
My Brother Better Sit The Fuck Down Before I Go Ham On His Ass...
Awesome to meet you last night at the rackspace party. It was awesome!
Albert or miggy?
Thanks for following ! We just had Red Velvet Sunday last week at Will be visiting MIA location soon!
GO ! #99Problems is #6 on iTunes singles right now!! Moving on UP!
Also, I will be glad to give a recommendation so look for it this Sunday. The too many P's was too funny. I didn't even realize it.
Watching Captain America did not make me tear up. Nope. Didn't happen. Did. Not. Happen. That's my story, and I'm sticking to it.
black opaque 30min. Tops
57% of shoppers more likely to purchase on a site that shows their friends who have purchased on that site. (Sociable Labs study)
Happy birthday to the best boyfriend in the world. You mean the world to me<U+2764> I love you baby
music nerds unite!
I need you to follow our site so I can communicate with you. Thanks!
Wow #21jumpstreet was some funny shit!! #goingtobed with pain from laughin too much!!:)
Crime rates continue to fall in many countries, including the United States.
Tonight is the Oklahoma Humanities Awards! It's going to be a great evening celebrating so many worthy individuals & institutions in OK.
same thing happened to us. We went across the street, paid the guy working there $40, filled up his pickup and he drove it in
Ok ill send you one of my short comedy videos
Wrist brace, yoga mat, groceries, now off to pick up repaired laptop. When the fuck did I become such a cliche?
What television channel can you watch tonights's NYRB/RSL game on Time Warner Cable in Manhattan?
thank you for the retweets back in LA soon can't wait to hang!
I kind of want to do a flash mob in four parts outside the school( bus circle, tennis court, football feild, parking lot) HAHA im crazy
SHOUT OUT TO ALL MY FOLLOWERS, FINALLY REACHED 1000 FOLLOWERS! LETS GET THIS SHIT POPPIN.
Thanks for the follow checkout
Looks like the money management pros are fully invested mow for the month and the quarter. The bear lives
Graduation Day. Henceforth, you may refer to me as Master Trout.
if u don't let that 57 cents go!!! LOL
Hm, this just proves she isn't wired up right!!!
let me kiss you on your Stomach then work my way down south
lol don't start with me
Your jersey and poster are framed in my room. U r the perfect NFL player, no problems and come to kick butt everyday. God bless
Thanks! We need 2 come see u for a massage! RT : #FF the perfect place to grab a post spa treat on a day like today
How can they remake Arthur?
Rand Paul is a piece of shit!
Who likes my tweets??? D:
you make me laugh so uncontrolably all the time.! I love you, BooBear!<U+2665>
Hair cuts...always hit or miss. Fingers crossed, here goes nothing
Only 4 hours to and at the KiMo!
pineapple is in like the top 3 for pizza toppings, are your people crazy? lol
Getting ready to open the studio for today's art sale - some great deals here on original paintings!
"my house has a veranda, does yours?" oh the things my little cousin says to other kids on the playground.
Easy way to get a girlfriend. Hire your friend to steal a girl's purse. Pretend to beat your friend and bring purse back to girl
Pool time was awesome! Then some friends of ours sent me a present. Tears.....love our bandit family
My son with aspergers wants a girlfriend. How do I go about this? ....
Tip: if you talk to me when you're drunk and I'm sober, I'll probably hate you
Tears are words the heart cant express
": #IfIHitTheLoto i'm buying a baseball franchise, the #brewers. no way attanasio sells them.. :)
I wish Carrie Bradshaw was a real person. #SATC <U+E13E>
God help us for we are weak in that some of us can't tell what's right and wrong, fiction from reality.
Please consider donating to the MACC Fund through my run in the #BrewersMini. Such a great cause. Let's help the children...
The #Ravens are going to be a very different team in 2012
Damn. Im old ._.
it's like a gayer version of Cheers. Worth it.
haha it was not a good morning but then I went to yoga and I'm all good haha
if u have a smartphone u can download the kindle app and access all your books from there. ;)
I was not aware I am friends with such a powerful individual.
#LIES! RT : I'm here talking with the organizers - everyone's packing up and going home. Event cancelled. :(
Confession #3: I like this boyy.. He's niccceee. He's weeeeirrrddd. GRAND.. and he has BLUE EYES.<3 dkfjajaejojimcdflse
: who's your favorite among the remaining contestant? :)
Thanks for checking da music, was a helluva fun night!!
Idaho: Kenny McGowen buried a 3-pointer at the buzzer to give Idaho State a 64-62 win at Holt Arena on Saturday, burying Weber State's...
did Selena && justin break up? Thats what this girl is tellin me. & idkk. Whoever tells me gets a shoutout
Thank you for checking in, Josh! How was your night with us?
The Year Of Fear Begins Tomorrow Night At 7pm
help making it all happen :)
I love every bone in your body
i love that show he is cute
so so so
man screw Kobe and every foreign nigga on that team he ever been butt buddies with...
Hey T! Actually, it is the opposite, it always perks me up! I am doing ok, got a call, he does not GET IT! But he will. M
it's fun right? Well done, and something special for Downtown- I'm glad you agree! xoxo
why is swedish shit "better"? tv selling the "Swedish diet". What it do: 2 drinks a day. Yeah because swedish people don't eat ya kno?! LOL
how u doin
Ut oh!... Now I know nothin is going to get done! LOL At least you have fun with Karen!
Thanks for showing me one of the best stores in the world tonight! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
I spiked your coffee
Im the Pussy monster so throw the pussy at me
Oh, Bobby V. played the Bill Buckner card after A-Rod let a dribler through the 5-hole
Join us tomorrow evening for a campaign phone bank!5:00pm to 8:00pm at 2912 N. MacArthur Blvd. Email for details.
Who are you supporting in today's FA Cup Final?
That is SERIOUS CUTENESS.
I think you are sexier than socks on a rooster
I'm liking my 81+ chances
negativeI hit the gym bro,im nt lzy&i don need to gain muscle lmao im losin10lbs bt i kno how to do that already Thnks tho
Lawl. I'm bored.
Oh my god its perfect! Ordered, overnight shipping
: Cry Sweet tears of Joy! Oh! and Slipp him my number lol
get that nappy shit cut
you wouldn't happen to know if the outline was due at the end of class tomorrow, would you?
SO THE 76ERS ARE REALLY STUPID.
& Thanks for the advice! I'll take a look in those directions.
AUTHOR'S NOTE: This account does not "astrotweet". All stevekingisms are real, sadly.
baking chocolate cookies, while being pardoned by the Twitter Big Brother, and be "unlocked" , regards to All there,
Very busy week ! As we prepare for the Holidays & welcome a NewYear, let's remember the greatest gift is giving from the heart.
oh holy heck - I only just discovered Google Art Project - as I was trying to go to bed tonight - more google art project tomorrow kthnxbye
Following us on twitter? Be sure to like us on
well, I AM a slacker! ;) I'll start uploading again very very soon!! Promise!
off to wrk
- Alan, how is everything going?? Congrats on getting the Lone Star Challenge certified. Looking forward to a great tourney
Done working out time to go home shower, eat nd sleep cause I'm still sick nd feel like shit
Thanks Aidy. Don't know much about Klout. Have to check it out when I have more time....OMG another app to figure out!!
RT : now seriously craving a DD coffee
Did you make a new friend today?
Time to make that paper :)
I voted for you babe. I love you <3
My condolences to your hair. :-) How did it die?
I hope this is for the best of us.
Just caught a huge flurry of major
Thanks for keeping our stars and stripes souring high! Veterans day content posted now in 'Sweepers'
very dissapointed in my room
Enuf w/ the neck scarves when it's not cold. A year a go it made u look cool like a bohemian French artist, and now it just means u watch tv
Movies to go see Think Like a Man :)
The triple Cs epidemic ohh and that Friday that mad ppl went to jail or got in trouble for drugs... shit was real
Just call me Kenneth Toilethole.
NO! JUST CHOCOLATE!
“ RT : Jesus became what we were so that we could become what He is. (2nd Corinthians 5:21)”
is headed to for drinks after work to check out Chicago's newest hotel!
haha cant wait to hear them! :)
where the heck r u??
1st contestant is Andre McCoy of Wheatley SPI who developed a small hand-sized wipe that detects explosive material
TY for the mention!
not yet, ill check em out for sure, thank you so much!
Waitin on session 2 to start, guess ill work on a beat...
Currently composed for the video game RAGE for id software.
Wake up in class, read my TL. Go back to sleep.
follow back
Yes Im a Belieber & im crying Because is amazing and i luff him to death. Shut up Im a girl so i can cry about these things.
I went negative 1,000$ by going to vegas... its all good though.
Crazy, isn't it?
Great I think my computer froze -.-
You have really good tweets! Would you happen to be a good writer?
wnet from havin jus too much fun one day.. to no fun at al;l
I Looovveee You ;*
": Surround yourself with people who will uplift you."
Yup, he's still whoring on twitter...nothing's changed <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Lord, Please humble me today. Teach me not to judge, because judgment in my heart, limits your work.
I Left Mines At The Store
date number 2 tonight. my god, im being spoiled in a way.
lmao! I was kinda nervous at 1st when they was down 8 in the 4th. I was gonna go home and kiss my hyperfuses good bye lmao
great promo but how did you make those pumpkins?
At least it's not a foot of snow a week before the election:)
1) we have approximately $700 million major renovation MRR and repair backlog. Current bond to pay approximately $500 million.
You aint never lied. Good point!
RT In response to your questions on Veloster availability, they'll begin arriving in Hyundai dealerships in the first half of Sept.
Fuckk this the gerbil is sleeping
We will have some big announcements coming soon!!
How about local music scene or summer festivals? We'd put #Lolla and street fests against any city.
give me a buzz 915-727-4445 hope you're able to help re: previous tweet. All the best!
Alright. So, I'm supposed to hear back from the Colorado Improv Festival today as to wether or not I got in. The waiting is killing me!
sitting here thinking that i got it made most people dont have the stuff i have so im grateful thank you jesus
and I would love to chat about your SEO needs. We do training or contract work, both architecture and backlinks. LMK
Baby Hang Ova
Thanks so much for the continued shout outs, we truly appreciate it!! Have a great weekend.
can someone please press the mute button on jeff van gundy...
Who wants to go to lunch with me? Dipping out soon get at me
Anybody know the SPAC presale? I will buy you beers at the show! I procrastinated again #PHISH Summer Tour! Thank you!!
It's an honor!
no I'm gaining so much weight kms
I'd like to be, everything you want <3
Verily. ": I'd like to point out that long before "Mad Men", there was almost every single character in the Old Testament."
happy easter (; how are you ??(;
Taking our little Brother to see Santa Today at the Mall starting at 6. Lots of FUN! Anyone else going???
Anyone else notice Bart' Simpson's Hair is his skin.
Senate holding #ESEA hearing 11/8 & #SchoolLibraries aren’t included. Why?! Good #schools need good #libraries!
Ron Paul scares me.
Thanks as always to our pal for talking some #NBA playoffs with We're taking calls the rest of the way. Let's go!
Jessy from Breaking Bad is hanging out at the bar. Maybe the rapture did go down.
Name the top 5 best cities in the world to listen to good music!
Pretty Boy Floyd is looking a bit bloody
May 8,1932: Churchill made his first radio broadcast to the US appealing for joint Anglo-American monetary policy.
Info on seafood festival or getting involved with soft-shell crab distribution and/or consumption?
Idk where the hell i was then. Ha
Got my review copy of Bart Giamatti's "Take Time for Paradise," thanks to
Hope that is doing well and that his comedy show will still be on in NJ in January!
Holy sh!t! Ben Vereen is seeing you should, too! 8pm tonight and tomorrow, open fist theatre in hollywood!
She want's to see on jun 1st, I might.....keep her happy..
Closed SHORT $USDCHF for +18 pips profit; 6% of the community volume is trading the USDCHF with sentiment 80% SHORT
Funny, we say that about Maryland drivers.
haa! Dang, I didn't think you'd catch me for those last two! Naw, that's funny though.
Occupy protesters have latched on to the "99%" moniker because it is a statistical number that appears very infrequently
So sleep deprived. Goodnight.
how cou;d it be real if its not biblical
Lil bitch ass bitch :)
Not yet? Okay fine
Tired of waiting. Either you coming or not. I don't wait for nobody but myself.
Connection directly to the owner of this Kondo into the lease Panama City is the whip of region the state of Florida lease by ow :-)
Fried chicken, seriously let's do this.
how is CKHS doing in their sports??? :)
I did meant tomorrow night. Just one of those weeks...
It's a beautiful sunny cool day in mid tenn
We finished packing up our trucks this morning and their on their way to Orlando for the IAAPA show. It's almost here!
GASP! A lady on the internets? SURELY NOT
Why is dubstep so awesome
I think this is punishment for your gloating about nice weather a few weeks back.
Favorite album in the past 2 years....POST BELOW.
The first duty of love - is to listen ~Paul Tillich~
My body hurts as if somebody beat me up with a pole and ran me over with their car.
Omg im so down! Itll be our goal for the summer
And it was that introduced me to wiggio.
LOVE LOVE:D
You know, just hiding behind a pillow while and watch Woman in Black.
idk but it starts at 6 30 and we step last
we're probably gonna see each other!
Please ensure you and your family stay safe and prepare for Hurricane Irene. www.MarylandTopLawyers.com
Preparing to pray the Rosary for peace.
hey you said it not me aha
Does annoying album names "Just doing me" " Simple me"
Brennan's in Marina Del Rey tonight!
I think its cute when a guy walks me to class, but when he wants to do it all the time.. FUCK it gets annoying
CO representing at #flatirons DBM: RT : Both Colorado US Senators will speak at #flatirons. Very impressive.
San Diego, CA, 92123
good luck!
Thank you for your support!
Our of all my tweets, for some reason, u had to pick that one to favorite
im ballin out on every level.
Ya i knooowww(: Aint it adorable(: Im so creative(:
Just returned from a productive trip to DC to visit HQ.
Thanks yes, they did.
in her lane?
He just saying, "I Can Do Better"
Merry Presidents' Day!
I want new friends:(
Vangaurd High School has 25 valedictorians! That sounds like a really long graduation. Kudos to all of them though!
kudos! Dedicated #glutenfree buns & options & dedicated French Fryer - Wilmington, DE Thanks!
Whenever you like baby doll, after 5:20pm.
lol, I like that one. We have to link up soon. Miss yall!
will do bud
This guy think he's funny right now…im so not amused…lol
I wore a scarf to bed and I been wearing it all day.. My parents probably think I have a hickie <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
“: good luck to aka "miss always on time" in the #wpt today” <-- best nickname ever!
Haha thank you, thank you. I try to be twitter fresh. doesn't deserve a picture...
If you want me to follow you just ask!
Shooting three spots in the next three weeks!
Calm down.;) Sorry, I had to.
: it be like that sometimes eh? How long until packers pick?
I am at the hospital for my physical examination and drug test && i just remembered I Forgot to put on lotion . Ctfu
Article: "Patterns for collaborative work in health care teams" (Grando, Peleg, & Glasspool, 2011)
Played Trine last night. Steam had this great deal about a week ago so I played it. My son and enjoyed it.
saw a great game, eh?
#ifyouonlyknew how much I hate when People Follow me, then UNfollow. You're wasting ur time cuz i'll UNFOLLOW you back!
is giving away free copies of his CD
You crusty nigga
Truth: is one super awesome dude. Thanks for being my host in Austin this week for railsconf and bohconf!
Thanks for the shout-out!
thank you. love the yomastercard.com will try the affiliate program. love it for college and well these economic times
cant aait until ur first ever performance of #skyscraper :)
You can't change your circumstances or anyone elses, but you can change your attitude and influence the perspective of others.
Funny, how the talent at Carson Dunn Media is off the chain!!! Mt staff keeps getting better.
If u RECIEVE a text at 12:00 noon, saying you have won a prise then text back there will be 3 winners good luck. (PRIZE WILL BE IN TEXT MSG)
this week went by fast
I was hoping Jericho or orton would win the rumble but, I don't mind Sheamus winning it :-)
Kim hiked Manitou Incline for the first time. NO soreness @ all the next few days. "Thanks Quick Gym" she said www.quickgymcs.com
Milwaukee weather peaks and everyone walking on the street is your new best friend.
Had fun today at The Tonight Show w/ Jay Leno.....
Hey, , stop that fallsing to sly remaks!
#helc12 Attending Useful Apps for Classroom & On the Go. Hope to find some to share with faculty!
thank you for updating your desktop driver compatible to Lion operating system.
#ComeGetYourSpuds !! and. Enter to win $100 gift card and other prizes... Sun, fun .., and spuds !!!
That touchdown just got me in the mood lol
dead Elvis
hey don't I know you ;)
#PackerNation will miss you too Nick!!!
Bring a friend to Other Lives at Amoeba Hollywood at 7pm. 1st to find me after the show gets a Radiohead In Rainbows discbox.
Congratulations on the announcement of your child to you and your wife.
yes yes u do
I like cheese! ( voice )
content curation is key
I can't do apps unless they are facebook. Sadly only my son has a smart phone,and iPad. I have dial up internet & tracfone.
Just you wait. Management has plans for other locations, some of them 24 hours.
Oh man, should I make pie, too??????
Been a while right? “: Shouldn't you be telling people where you are or being mayor of someplace? :)”
RT “: RT this if you want me to follow you :)”
Good luck Mangia Fans there will be a Lucky winner today!!! Can you say Pasta!!
Also loved ur Paris photos on BB Photog. Was there May & can't wait 2 go bck. U will b n primtime or movies soon
Thank you RT : Cheers to the people who rep Maryland wherever they go in life!
I take it you had a good burns night.
On our way back to New York! We had a great time in Pittsburgh...the guy checking bus tickets was a tw!t though. -jt
Thanks for the RT, Have you made it to any events?
Big meech your candy empire is going to crumble while your suspended
And on the 7th day God created Tom Brady. #Patriots + #TebowTime =
That pooch doesn't know what he's missing! Well, neither do I technically.. But still! :)
Merry New Year!
Awesome news to hear !
Thanks so much for retweet :)
w/ Hightower back due you anticipate a rotation change? Helu blossomed, think Hightower would serve better as a 3rd down rb?
its mothers day..you gotta cook for her.lol
I 7hink I know who you've been 7alking to.
I couldn't find you on Facebook. Does chemjobber man *gasp* NOT have one?! OH SHIT!
Thanks! Possibly ha, send me some stuff
I swear im just too cool... that's why im in #TeamCORAHN , #WeirdoGang ,and
Don't forget about Austin :)
... i'm not sure what you're asking about... a nap after coffee = talent. garage on my car x2 = a lack thereof. :)
MT : Good examples of films made FOR Latino/ Hispanic Amer youth? Putting together syllabus Teenpics & Am. Youth Culture...
Student panel at the event today said instructor feedback is the most important factor in their online courses.
Uhm . Like In 1:43 Around There When They Stop .
**Emporio says, "Getting ready to hit Scottsdale for the night.. Gonna be doin the old town tour so if your out n wanna meet up hit me up!"
Indy Reads Reading Coach Training this Wednesday and Thursday at the Indy Reads office from 6-9 p.m. Call 275-4040 to sign up!
RT if you think that #Brewers #OpeningDay should be a paid holiday! Come in for our Braun special: $8 for 2 Hot Dogs, chips & a Miller Lite!
well keep cranking! And feel free to update your progress Amy time! Support always helps!!!
We are going to see ya'll next week. A bit too chilly, windy, etc. for our liking.
You?...love it. Beautiful...serene...fantastic composition.
On the phone w 8 year old niece when Grandy hit that. She was telling me about her report on Lou Gehrig & got very excited.
#BoiseSOC Bieter: A livable city is one that innovates.
we're gonna be crawling home lmfaoo I see it now !!
As if .....“: Could have draft order implications if STL wins...RT : Steelers will start Batch against Rams
pray 4 u in unity...and let the. Lord cont. To bless u and ur family...and stay strong...
Yes! So excited! RT : can't wait to have you visit this Thursday!
hahaha!!! hmm to the rest of the world this is nonsense, but to us, we get it #vitametavegimen ;)
your acount is private, and I can't RT you): but good morning (:
I Wanna Get A Half Sleeve With Some Kinda Metal Mulisha In There... Any Ideas??
Is that a sock? Full of buttah?
Summer is over :/ I'm going to school(JAIL)tomorrow :P
I noticed you =P
Six car were stolen from in one morning, in Carlsbad. Sometimes, the cars' windows were smashed. Sometimes, the cars were already unlocked.
At central office for Milwaukee Suceeds mtg w/ Looking forward to this collaborative work!
So way is it storming!
how you know!? You wasn't around back then
Cuz it seems like u and that chucky person bond pretty well
Just in case you missed it
they're grey for sure but everytime I hear the name redbox I think CRAP! LOL
damn right I did
Props to NC State, but those last two set plays are on the coach. Horribly drawn-up plays.
Giving Back Magazine is proud to have just become a member of the San Diego Regional Chamber of Commerce!
USN ADM Willard just retired & warned that NK's arsenal is "now in the hands of an untested 29 year old." Fair winds & following seas - JDG
there she is! What she order?
Spinning tonight! It's gonna be insane.. forget the recovery party ;)
FEEL BETTER<U+E057>
Lol we do what we can, Fordy
exactly. I think even most self-validated woman can appreciate that.
Damn Junior Seau just died. Sad
but what of those who've already seen Sherlock, through albeit illicit means?
Per Harvard, "self-disclosing" here pokes the same pleasure-receptors as eating, fucking & "getting money". (Note: plan to quadruple output)
Thanks for the follow, Monty. Great to be connected with you!
B12 is a concern if you're not eating any animal products, but a supplement can fill that gap. Most ppl don't....
Long and stressful day at work? Need a drink? Come to La Cofradia for Happy Hour we have what you need
Delicious soup and specials. Come in for some Holiday cheer.
I have that and tweetcaster, and like tweetcaster better. Ubersocial used to be better, but no longer
Met some amazing people at the emerald coast songwriters festival last night. Looking forward to playing again tonight!
Sunday. Already?
is my favorite, speaks his mind without hesitation! GO SKIP!
I need a place to stay for the night. If anyone can help out let me know.
omgzzzz peeta!! Miss that movie date
go Rams!
Why does the girl in Metropolis (I think her name is Maria) keep grabbing her own boob?
thanks for the follow, look forward to your informative tweets.
As a King grad and MPS supporter I'm happy to hear James Causey defending our students.
I think I've heard enough, I'm down lol!
Store-bought happiness never cuts it.
Had no idea Shane Battier was still in the league *shrugs* basketball ain't been the same for me
#ff music and comedy everyone should hear!
RJ And The Assignment (electric band) will be performing @ Aliante Station in Las Vegas for Regina Archie's private holiday event 12/17
well if you want 100 percent i reccommend you do 50. 45 will only get you a 90%
Scanner monitor: Possible fire at Dartmouth Elementary. School is unoccupied but smelling odor from the furnace after a loud noise.
im bored
Nah. That's the other one. Gustafson, maybe?
cool. Let me know when you do and i will be sure to check it out.
The Kaiser has a lot of work to do, later.
lol yes!! I remember buying the Phoenix Night's box set VCR and that was in 2002! It's funny how recently technology has just
OH: "People *love* blogs."
Fun as always!' RT : Thanks again for Another great #Foodiechats Did you have fun?
Hey! follow back please(:
I know Albert Einstein said, “The only source of knowledge is experience.” but I don't think sleeping with everyone is what he had in mind.
Tonight on MPTV 36, small-screen historical costume dramas are celebrated from the past 50 years. At 9PM.
IMMEDIATE JOB OPENING! Financial Analyst in the Rochester, MN area. Please contact me ASAP. Advanced Excel skills needed. 507-285-9270 $25/…
Celebrate loving memories that shine bright as a star
my word is law
congratulations, poacher!
New Phone((;
I want a burger off the grill w a potato bun & some mustard! Yum
SPEAK NOW OR SHUT THE HE-- UP
'twas a pleasure and an absolute honor!
Nevermind...just found it! haha. Thanks so much =)))
I am leaving here right at 5:30 damn it.
lets have a non gay bromance ;)
Thank you so so so much. <33
Switched it up cute hair :-)
NEW MUSIC ON THE WAY FROM "YGMHM" BE ON THE LOOK OUT!!
If parents could only realize how they bore their children!
lol I miss high school. Everything was easy.
: omg, #GIRLS do any of them have Asian friends as girls? or as girl-friends?????!!!
Tweeting random stuff cause yolo (:
you're way more interesting in person. <3
don't care what anyone says, man vs. wild freakin owns
Thanks for the follow! I hope the weekend has treated you well!
Im just trying to have fun, but people and school always ruin that
« « Grow up but don't give up»» I wonder if midgets give up on growing up.
You have his number?!;D
yeah and what about the critical thinking skills?
Watch: Tune into Greater Boston to catch an interview with FUEL founder Bob Hildreth!
I really know who my bestfriends are when shit goes down
Ask yourself.. Are you living?? Or just existing...
ooc; Awh, did your little master see our convo?
you don't want to go. Your a Nets fan. Lol.
BREAKING: #Tebow reported to retire and join cast of #TheVoice on NBC
"Ever seen the bottom of an Avatar's foot? Wham!"
it's not the cornbread it's the everything else thank you very much lls
You left me, just when I needed you most.
Thanks for RTing us! Happy Friday.
1.17.2012 -our #smallbizpgh #twitterchat! Join us to network and share resources. FREE - Forbes Magazine Ranks our Guest in TOP 20 in USA
Christmas isn't the same..
I'll meet you halfway, meet in Nebraska? Kansas?
of course(:
i hear u. as long as he keeps cracking jokes on tv!
I love my whole cast Union Square!!!!
they say the kid is alright..and this is how much black we found ! :P but it was just all in the kids head ..haha : P
"HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!", awe you remembered my birthday :D " no...... Facebook reminded me "
More scouting today for an awesome upcoming project with Good day.
How about we take it back 25 years.
yes it does!!! Good Luck!!
Congrats! I'm about 20 rows behind you ... see you at the next ceremony :-)
Every morning I wake up to a construction sound banging on my eardrums but the weather's too beatiful to complain. Maybe life is like that.
Though it's not recognized by the State of Texas, 500 #belly pts at gets you adopted as part of the family; photoshoot et al.
Austin has a girlfriend ?! D;
Power Tower @ Roosevelt University - Schaumburg Campus - Student Center. Enjoy!
A huge thanks to for being our 1000th facebook like! :D
#ThingsIwantMost a log cabin and a bunch of forest animal friends to gather my nuts and berries
Too much of a good thing is wonderful.
tonight going to houghs... you?
Save it for next Sat!
Sentence lost at a political ad factory, answers to: “They’re circus mirrors, reflecting back our grotesque delight in money ill-spent.”
I'm about to have so many babies
Finally getting some rest today what a whirl wind of shows and lectures last week. it all starts over again in a couple of days!
Thx for stopping in! Hope you enjoyed the grub and the show.
Dear Internet, celebrate 's birthday by giving her a job in DC. Then I get a present as well!
To the weedy front garden!
Dude, Chris called me and told me that everyone will go to Edward's party. It's at 10, he told me to invite you!
good night :)
I feel like hoopin
burpees with pushup, pull ups and toe touches
OH : Editor #1: [singing] "I like pickles, I like lettuce... uh..." Editor #2: "Meow mix meow mix please deliver?"
There is something powerful that happens when we simply persevere in the things of God; when we keep looking forward and refuse to look back
Friday food porn: Vegetable love
spam email with a malicious virus (of course) from a source claiming to be the Better Business Bureau. Don't open it!
I won't. Seriously.
These doctors straight thirsty boa I tell you. We're the only suite in the whole fucking building that's gone be open...smfh
who, in the days of Ali/Frazier/Cosell, would've thought the future best active boxers war of words would be about gay marriage?
How many times will the world ask for a "ceasefire" in a one-sided conflict? Tell them to stop killings & give them consequences NOW.
I'm moving back haha
DOUBLE D WEDNESDAY TONIGHT!! THE FUN STARTS at 8PM!! GIDDY UP!!
It's 11:11 make a wish and make a wish and SAY SOMETHIN!!
if life gives you lemons, make lemonade money together and buy all CD SELENA GOMEZ: D <U+2665> <U+2665> <U+2665> <U+2665>
The sun might be fleeting, but a waffle is always golden and warm!
RT : It is my fav! 1 of Cincy's best places! I spent most of my childhood there lol So fun!
thanks for the rt
"Some say the secret to a happy relationship is separate bathrooms. Those people have never tried Poo~Pourri." Keep it in your purse ladies!
Got a little nerdy last night with & - totally new, sick, geeky talk heading your way!
doing for what?
congratulations on the breast cancer survivor ... I have no clue how I got to you page....but something led me here....
what are they gonna say when #Patriots get bounced from playoffs by #Ravens AGAIN???? Joe will throw more TD's than Tom.
I hope I cross your mind every once in awhile, so that I won't feel pathetic for thinking of you all the time.
Mqn sick wit da flu is some ugly shit real talk.
thank you for the mention!
Wow. I haven't tweeted since August 1?
hahahaha you're the only one who uses #oomf it's cute.
It's the magic of risking EVERYTHING for a dream that nobody sees but you. ~Million Dollar Baby
you're not gonna get your kind of gossip from my twitter lol.
We are less than 5 minutes away from News in the Morning. Tune In!
Hmm what to do on my day off.
Too early for anything..
I love how MJ watched the blackhawks last night and his Cubs tonight. But, his Bobcats, the worst in the NBA, need him to suit up!!
isnt that the fibonacci sequence of buses ?
looking forward to finishing my kitchen this weekend and a good weekend of PSU and Falcons football
I smoke too many blunts in a day...
I think I want everything on the menu.
My pulse at the moment : ____________
a Happy Thanksgiving to you and you family as well. Stan
Our mini bad beat of $500 for any full house beaten hit 3 times last weekend! Over/Under for this weekend?
Using Prezi to design a presentation for an upcoming creative writing class. I like it!
Drinking margaritas and planning my future wedding. TSM?
almost done with laundry....finally I can have drink! lol
when are you coming back to ATL!?!?
#cable12 RT : Hey, critics/journos/media/PR peeps: Anyone coming to NCTA in Boston in a few weeks? Let me know!
This bus sucks! Ready for a nap!
follow me
It's Thursday! Who's stopping in for a Guinness after Jazz in the Park?
Seane Corn - self realization is important when interacting online. See the web as a mirror and act accordingly
Whats your favorite song to run to?
good luck with your presentation!
where u been?
Thanks for sharing! Hope you found it interesting!
Next speech trainers event: P-ESL Certification in Plainview, NY - Dec 4-5, 2010. Marketing Essentials on Dec 6. www.800-language.com
Today’s Abbot Kinney Specials: Soups today are Mushroom and Carrot Ginger. Sugar free Lemonade is Cucumber Mint.
Firstly, your aptitude for gaming is graciously rewarded by a generous compensation
For most men, yes, being nice to a person means they wanna sleep with them. No, it ain't "good" but that's how most men are.
Nice bitch foul bynum
awesome stay , only dissapointment is having to find another hotel for Saturday night. This is a must stay hotel, class act
Adele is the best! I love her!
Nashville is coming to Atlanta tomorrow for a meeting. I'm excited. :)
Shelly will be going home next week!
Studying snacks tonight are #saltines and #sunchips. Maybe an #icecreamsandwich later. Thoughts or suggestions?
#Vegas night out w/ friends! then to the fun, fun, fun'
Tonight at the pit, everyone gets laid.
RT : "A happy #family is but an earlier heaven." George Bernard Shaw
hahahahaha OMG your tweet. I can't breathe. -dead-
Spoelstra is a good coach...but if pat riley was coachin we wouldnt loose games like these
Why was everyone making fun of for her weight? She was still super cute!
Nice. I'd love to see a Library-wide signage type project. (BTW, we'd have to pay this guy, obviously)
Found out today that many of my friends honored the passing of St Valentine and spent last night getting stoned.
oh my gosh.
Don't forget Mother's Day is Sunday, May 13th! How are you celebrating?
Alot of stuff
My kids made more money than me today? I'm not even mad at em.
On snap...#BrockLesnar is back....dope lol
i saw 'union' and 'SoB' and assumed it was about soccer
Ryan Tannehill chosen as Miami Dolphins’1st round pick of 2012 NFL draft
If I was your everything you'd fight for me.. But you didn't, and aren't going to, so I will depart from our path.
Obviously turned on for post-game. NBC coverage makes me want to poke my eyes out
thank you for helping me to picture a week of abundance, not mediocrity.
make a video of you nd send it to me im making the video to i will never stop im getting on tv sis
Shadow of a Doubt arrived with a crack; Miller's Crossing with scratches. Are Netflix discs worse now?
Unless you believe, you will not understand.
Great. 24 is a parking lot.
I love these things! RT Do pregnant women know about the delicious "Take 5" candy bar? Pretzel, peanut butter and chocolate.
Feeling lucky to work at a company that considers St. Patrick's Day a holiday.
Oded Meyer describing Carnegie Mellon's Open Learning Initiative (OLI) - stand-alone online courses.
- thanks so much for posting this. I'm going to post it on my site!
I haven't been taking steroids??:O
my guess, going by the recent brewers trend, torn acl - out for the season
haha will to reveal your real age? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
We're seeing lots of local winery check ins today. Maybe we'll see some wine fueled matches on Wingman!
same!!! And im still going to bed early
An inconvenience is an adventure wrongly considered. - Gilbert K. Chesterton
agreed. Make it great
that or they're actually planning to move RG3 to WR/KR! Sneaky!
u sound like me lol
Just yesterday around this time, we were still in dallas waiting for our flight -_- haha
Want to carpool to Coachella? Post an ad on Antengo and find people in your area to ride with!
I can watch the UNC game on after this as well. Insight blocked it? Good call guys...
is up for the first ever Goldschlager cleanse... Any other takers out there? ?
Heart-Shaped Meatloaf for Valentine's Day Dinner This adorable heart shaped meatloaf recipe makes a perfect Valentine's Day dinner for th
Learned that both Ida B. Wells and WEB Du Bois were gun owners and suggested that other African Americans arm themselves as well.
i wish i could(: right when you get home im going to lick you. dont worry. its gonna be all wet and slimy (: haha
I still need to make it to #toteonturf and can't wait for some #Moet! RT :)
can today please be over already
Let's GO Mariners!
you saw i was jk, right? :)
Red lobster wen i get off
so you'll be in owensboro from wensday to Monday?
Head on! Apply directly to the forehead
Cloud nine
movie or kinect?
who should we ask
HP management is smoking dope. Why is Autonomy better than their existing core business? They are beating Dell in the enterprise these days.
Whatchuuu talking about?! You've always been cool!
Apple's iOS 4.3 Beta 3 Offers New Tools, Honeycomb Competition
Soo nice outside in downtown Bellevue! I just wanna get out of the office and hang out in the sun...
#ThingsMyMotherSays "I will always love you"
RT : Artists lets work some records! Holla at me! Serious Inquiries only! RT
Go follow He has made some of the Sickest guitar pedals anyone can make! I personally have the TUA and it is killer!
absolutely love that blogpost, Mike..seeing a troubling over-reliance on data and analytics in business today
HELLO MY DARLING!
I never get upset when ppl text or call me constantly bc it shows me who really wants to talk to me
Haven't been in a mall in a very long time; now stuck in a really bad one. Waiting for kids to get out of a movie.
Seems like the best way to get #SuperBowl ad publicity is to get banned (please something new Go Daddy) or say you are not advertising.
to my dude u got a spam!
Whole Foods Market Milwaukee is donating 5% of all proceeds earned on June 21st to MKE Habitat. Head over that day to show your support!
A6: It's not like it would be completely new to US. NASCAR, Golf, etc. Fans would adjust to it
": Really wish my Twitter came with an NBA filter.". Couldn't agree more, thought about unfollowing everyone till its over...
just ran into kevin coval at an event in the city. Talked him into coming in april! :)
: See u at the open house Sun.?? We have to catch up!
UK most investors keen on Alternatives claims A | PRLog
RETWEET this & follow for a chance to win 2 tix to the First Round of the #NFLDraft on Thursday!
I would say this is an early morning for me - but then I would feel guilty with all you 9-5ers. (Industry folk, you hear me, right?)
you can't poke fun in one line and bitch out on the next.
;-) Happy Friday!
How are you?
Got a record for you bro. Need ya email
we joined you in having too many beers. I was the mayor of Learys, how did you know? How was the test?
Got your voicemail, thanks so much. Looking forward to the big day tomorrow! Call if you need anything.
Follow my tweets , interact, holla at me
Anyone going to Covington tomorrow to see the boys? I am!
hahaha yep! So whatcha up to??
no\t in my top 2 tho
Welcome to Pretty Good with Words, the Podcast.
Good Times. BTW, how is Tejas? Sounds like things are going well?
that shyt go hard...up went in
Thank you! We'd love to see you here.
Just Keep in mind that "Self Made" is NOT the final final version! We just wanted to put it out so that you all can hear! :) Enjoy!
uh ya
Fighting a cold all week long with no sleep has led me to this awesome friday of never leaving my bed.
RT : RT : Urban myth re: puts sugar on their fries & lettuce to make it addictive. NOT TRUE! # blogher11
Hey, question. Do you have updates to that awesome 'moving the needle' prez you gave in Boston last year? If so, can you share?
FANTASTIC CLASSES this week!! THANKS to my all my students at AACS, Albany Salsa, Capital Region Arts Center & Albany Senior Services! XO :)
joining the likes of Al Harris and Brady Poppinga as Packers turned Rams
RT : UPDATE: Officials tell they believe 2nd shooting victim at Virginia Tech was the gunman...
"About the be?" Related: Nate Bush is pouring us shots.
oh, very much a Dave's topic :D Sounds really interesting, I'm sure it will be great
If you can dream it, you can do it. –Walt Disney
Congrats to and Team Dublin for making over 500 calls tonight!
It's spelled Juneau haha :)
The best of all governments is that which teaches us to govern ourselves.
This is the best thing that happened today
Come up with good content and you can get RT's, too. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
I deserve a break today.
What is up w the pink support hoes on Cotto?
I'm running after the thing that really matters
Wittman says she's terrified of questions
Time tah get my tweets up
We love you!
I hate bullshit.
Flatbread: Grilled Chicken w/ red peppers, red onion, cilantro, provel & chipotle aioli Soups: Smoked Tomato Leek or Cantaloup & Apple
I stay.. You're unhappy. I leave... Still not happy.
Happy B-Day to two of my awesome co-workers and !
thts so exciting!! i love both of you so it would sound amazing!!
Blame it upon a rush of blood to the head.
Hope all my Dallas friends are staying safe!
The District's Special Olympics has been canceled b/c of bad weather. Events have been rescheduled for March 20 & 21.
Hella props to the person who had sex to #silence. Awesome S/O on #CC250 by I know I would ^_^
They gather in a generic suburban office park, working-class students chasing a fast track to success: a college degree.
I dig this old spice champion commercial, but I would never break up with heather graham lol
Hahaha and her road rage.
Ready ... RT : Get ready for deluge of tweets, I've been out of pocket all day and a ton of stuff happened...
get some horrible cough sweets? See if they help? Have fun on your dig!x
You people aren't updating fast enough for my wandering mind.
My real niggas know what I told em about these #Thunder I ain't gon mention it online i'll jus wait til our day comes
Tuesday, May 3: Inter-blink Interval Patterns in Dry Eye and Normal Subjects (D976) from 3:45-5:30PM.
Aw! Yellowbrickroad is streaming on netflix now too. Crazyville.
Fresh blueberries & macadamia nuts. An exquisite snack pairing.
listening to and LOVING IT! Awesome voice & soulful lyrics. Great music.
It's an exciting final day of MLB. 4 teams, 2 spots, and 1 massive case of angina for their fans.....
On the road
I'm sorry
She is a girl not a puppy, you are her boyfriend not her owner.
I suck!
"like" this post if you want to win some Denver Browns Baseball SWAG and comment telling us why you deserve some free SWAG!!
Staying at the tonight? Hop across the street for the #Indianapolis Indians Baseball Game at Victory Field at 7:05pm.
I really wanna watch the Lion King but it just doesn't seem right without or
Glad to know you are okay, and the family you assisted are okay as well.
Exactly. Fleshy. And not in a good way. In a too-much-beer-and-too-many-Funions kinda way, now with added sweat.
Getting ready to embark on a cross-country journey with There will be so much Justin Bieber. And coffee.
I choked on a lifesaver. Oh, the irony.
RT : Exciting convos re parity gender/POC re writers. Can we expand to all levels - dirs, ADs, MDs, designers, etc?
so i'm looking to book my flight. 5/18 - 5/21. Can I see u?
That's not fair I didn't sandbag anything. However, might need to make some excuses.
will never notice me.. and i cant stop the tears because nobody will take me to see him in milwaukee, i love cody soo much :'(
mermaid & a ninja?? #awesome wouldn't happen to also be a wine drinker would you?
totally agree!!! Sad when there are so many great tools out there and they are all blocked :(
About to go eat with the Fam
Yep! As I catch the 6pm service remotely. I hear the bridges are a mess.
well hey der ;) ready for some nashville?!?!?!
Keep them squares up out your circle
I think everybody ought to get affluent and well-known and do all that they ever desired so they may notice that it is not the answer.
you're welcome precious!(:
I owe you great debt. In your words the world has been restored to recognizability thru language.
'lil help?-- any ipod users out there who have tripped the water sensor on back of the model without actually dropping it in water?..
The Electric Slide... BARF!!!
Thank You
Gettin' Sticky Balls at with Carl Weathers. Yeah, I know. I can't even believe it!
A real "Bad Bitch" never looks to her past , Because regret isn't Felt ; <3
I know I just wrote a WFNY "why no one at Tribes game!?" post, but I can't really talk, I haven't been to a game this year.
Love this time of year !
": Girlfriend: "Babe, What´s Your Favorite Position??" Boyfriend: "When I Get On One Knee & Make you My Wife.;)aww thats cute
looking forward to seeing old friends & making new ones at #tnla12 tomorrow!
lol that was my joint! & been wit a star!
Who's coming to our fundraiser at this Friday from 6-9?Bring a donation, get a $1 drink & enjoy 1/2 off appetizers!
thanks to for plugging my , my baby nonprofit. :) check her out too!
"You give great oral hygiene!" --inappropriate dentist
How long ago did you start running? What motivated you to run?
Working on the preparations for the launch of the Great American Songbook Hall of Fame!
Hey , I'm trying to work and you little jerks keep flying into my comp screen. I'd get out my vacuum but you multiply like crazy
two unisoms and I still can't sleep
#bookaday 's Best Books for Boys Fantastic guide with so many titles to add to my summer pile
Theres a contest running right now...just look at the link below :) <3
I'm leavin monday at 11
Hey so I'm officially out of minutes, so if I don't text you guys back... That's why!
Record high of 78 set in Central Park at 2:38 PM today. Broke previous record of 77, set in 1938. Also records at LGA, Bridgeport, Islip.
well I forgot to check my twitter for awhile lol.
Just tried Danish smoked bacon. Really? A whole country whose entire cuisine is based on pig! To Denmark... Everyone!
Wonderful! That is great to hear!
It amuses me (& it might amuse ) that a business in my nabe is called Oregon Breakers. THEY DON'T SERVE THE BEAM. Or do they?
Excellent RT You'll never have a Super Bowl ring. #suckit RT : You'll never be a starter.
now I have 6 leagues to follow next year. Fucking hell.
Let's go Pacers!!!!
Joe Rome won our ticket drawing for Bear in Heaven tonight at Crocodile!
Wow. Sunshine, a cold draft beer , and a bucket of local oysters can change your day!
omg How does one even get a boyfriend? Do you like buy one on amazon or..
- got to sit court side four or five times during that period. It was a BLAST!
on occasion, yes. Though at festivals I find it hard to listen to anything while editing.
you, I'll get his one day follow, and to me its a tweet
Did SMU pay you to speak? Or was this carryover from the 80's? sorry piece of shit.
Anyone out there done a data warehouse migration from Oracle to Greenplum?
Only 2 days left of the 2009 Indiana County Fair after today! Come out and enjoy it before it's gone for another year!!
bosh but nobody wants him
Some BIG football games coming up on Sunday!...bet the teams with the best off-season training/conditioning will win! Who do u have winning?
Pouring at Kimbark Liquors tonight from 6-9. If you don't care about the Bulls game, come say hi!
Spice up your next party or office event with Bakehouse Catering! For menu and details, call Tashia at 812-327-4842
James Lovell was by far the most pretentious and annoying office seeker in the founding era.
watching sytycd - don't understand the judges adoration of Ryan at all
Who's watching Alex tonight? I AM!! (:
Please follow ! She is such a big Enchancer <3 PLEASE! She loves you! <U+E32C><U+E32D><U+E32A> 17
Me too! RT : i'm over this bipolar weather
lol oh well can't complain we need the rain :-)
Thank you for the RTs
March Homebuyer's Club Orientation is coming up on Tuesday the 15th! Come see what all the FREE credit improvement hype is about!
Not happy my phone not updating right!! Gone have to make a visit
nope! It's cater :) I thought it was Carter too but I DMed him and he said cater lol
Mountain Lion is just a service pack, why will I have to pay for it?
#nwill2011 assessment: used grade center in Blackboard, skills are "assignments". Feedback in-system and students can track own progress.
Two Things I Hate More than ANYTHING!!! A Liar and a Cheater!!!!!!!!
I agree with you.
Forecast for Tuesday Night: Cloudy with a 50 percent chance of showers. Lows around 60.
like your swag U y should let the casHHouse take &you and some of your friends downtown, would be great a time ;) ttyl sexy
Now following the homie
"Do you smell that? It smells like leather. And Teddy Roosevelt. And wistfulness."
So, now I am re-plying and not re-tweeting. This is like public experimentation here where everyone can see how confused I am ...
Great tip for next Sunday. RT : Sunday night: 64 oz growler and large pizza from To go only. Just $25 bucks!
Thank you Elizabeth! RT : Great speakers & brand representation, fabulous accommodations & energetic staff.
are you on right now?
Trynna start a fight with me and you outta state.. #Really makes no since
just about everything :(
What is more beautiful than relaxing in a hot spa, watching the snow fall! We have everything you need to enjoy it!
"I gotta run out and see #johncarter before they yank it from the theaters" that's the first time anyone has said that sentence.
Never let a woman go even when you know she can always be replaced. She can always be replaced. #kingcharles <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Can't tweet and drive!!
Fuck research projects.....In the ass
True story.
Thank You All Who Came Out & Helped Make This Years 9 Mile Music Festival a Success!
Only 1 week until our party with ! Make a date 2/25 7pm doors
Kaitlyn Stroud standing on her head in this game. Denies Monogue in the box.
I KNOW! IT'S PROBS MY FAVE SONG BY THEM!!!!!!!!!
#thisrapturesucks if anyone sent money to that fraud radio preacher, time to sue for fraud, you think?
Neighbor looks more like Mark E. Smith every day.
Ugh fucking court!
Hmm what to do today?!....
....Waiting for the program to respond. Well fuck. It almost never does, and there's no way im closing the program.
mi dos
People who care about their klouchebag score should get higher klouchebag scores.
Jim! I correctly guessed the new head coach. want to know next steps to collect for contest. So excited! Look at your timeline
": Let's get this record finished. Stoked." Aw yee-eah!!!! See you in the studio tomorrow!
Trying to get my room organized again. I have way too much crap
playing songs ... breaking glass ...
Out of town for the night, broseph. At the family home tonight. Send all my regrets!
God bless the ones who need it
please let Blake know I said Happy Mothers Day!
Hey there! Hope you're doing well & can't wait to hear how it's going before the big release date!
Joseph said, "God sent me before you to preserve you a posterity in the earth, and to save your lives by a great deliverance."~Genesis 45:7
go JR!
Little country music, Spurs basketball, homework, and the cool Lubbock air makes for a great Sunday afternoon!
congrats! where are you going?
IPhones take fucking amazing pictures. Omg.
#Brewers continue to get clowned on by supan
I once slept in a hotel that had roaches in it, when I complained the roaches told me to go back to sleep.
Washington governor signs pilotage bill easing access for large boats into region.
Most rappers tell producers they want something that sounds like what's already been done instead of making what's next
#IfYouCantRap don't quit all activity to pursue a rap career.
. thanks for
I know it looks like one of the videos from but I can't find it on youtube :(
That poor tanning woman is just getting skewered by the press today!
RT : Congrats to everyone who ran the La Jolla Half Marathon!! It was great to have all of the racers in town yesterday! :)
I Fuckin Love Music Choice....
#ThingsEminemTaughtMe "be yourself, man. be proud of who you are. even if it sounds corny, never let no one tell you, you ain't beautiful."
your the chef, hoe about you make me food
I'm so immature its unreal
You don't even know my name. You're too busy playing games.
the 10 spot limit is a bandwidth issue. Would live too see that limit opened up though for all
Did you get my email?
what's upp? we haven't talked in foreverr.
In the winter of `65. We were hungry, just barely alive.
#Wine Joke: Forgive me for I have zinned.
So true! RT : Excellence is not a skill, its an attitude. With the Right Attitude you can do any and everything.
be strong,your beautiful,chin up, this is your life,go on,don't hold on.
Yay! finished my Finance homework .... now it's time for Business Entities! I can't wait until exams are OVER!
we had the same conversation about Pushkin with my parents on Saturday! (+a statue made of black cast iron)
We love Larry's birds.
RT : Those 44 were part of a record 548 OSU student-athletes who will be honored at 45th Annual Scholar-Athlete Dinner on Wed.
borrowing from Terre Roche - How many musicians does it take to change a light bulb?
Today is the LAST DAY to get up to 80% off + free shipping + 5% cash back at Forever 21!!! fb.me/1jtwmUhJ3
“Let no feeling of discouragement prey upon you, and in the end you are sure to succeed.” Abraham Lincoln
I'm not sure but I think has been creeping on my Facebook. I feel special. :)
I really want to watch the okc-lal series but I don't think I will ever make it to the end the 1Q
Bucco Nation feels for JMac tonight
late late
Well goodnight twitter ... and I hope really follows PLZ FOLLOW!!! :))) luv you guys #ThereIsACFCureTHEREIS :)))))
More like busy month along with june!
The Super Bowl will be a high scoring game for sure? Giants 38 & New England 31
Shut it down and there won't be anymore reason for hiding information. It will end the crony kickbacks and open it to oversight
that paper is so cute! Where did you find wrapping paper like that.
poorsquare.us a great concept app. well done
Cheers to
in the car and happy.
im bored af!
We had a great trip to San Francisco to forward an innovative microlending startup. We'll keep you updated of its progress.
#FF to So glad to work with you!
That Jeopardy's producers share our society's unjustified contempt for teachers.
All have a great weekend + follow
Patiently waiting. "Only 5% of babies are born on their due date" - Dr. Sears.
It's lunch, thank you.
's manager was on 101.5's food porn. it was really funny. Lady La won! again!!!!!
American University Cathy Hubbs on privacy (control over your info) and security (confidentiality, integrity, and availability) URMIA11#
What sort of project?
and a special thanks to for picking up the tab against his own will. Credit card roulette refereed by
Enjoying Newt being down in Georgia?
We need not worry about the cleanliness of our water. Water naturally cleans itself through the settling of impure matter and by aeration.
Snuggled in bed watching 'Like Crazy' for the first time. This is the perfect lame Friday night that I needed.
Grizzlies could of easily been up 3-0 but they wasn't feeding Randolph and Gasol
Chomsky: "If the Bush administration didn’t like somebody, they’d kidnap them and send them to torture chambers." [1/2]
What are you going to do next?
Mothers hold their childrens hands for a short while, but their hearts forever. I LOVE YOU MUM #HappyMothersDay Thank you for everything. <3
Carrefour now with ROBI tic tic taptap HEY
great to meet you too!
What kind of donations? :) RT Awesome lunch before headin to to pick up donations for
I can't make you love me if you don't. You can't make your heart feel something it won't.
what r u the right version of #NationalEnquirer ? K
Yep. Happy moment.
I don't fear death....
Jump around! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
whateva jet fan. I guess you did all of your crying in December!
how do i change my profile pic now?
Note to self: if you let 2 different bottles of whiskey have only 1/2 a drink left in them, you WILL feel like a lush when they both empty
. It's not a pretty question, and it never occured to me, but it is a valid question.
where u at?
#KingOfDiamondsMonday get here!
I say it's time to party anyone wanna second that motion :-)<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0081> <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BB><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0081>
sure can girl :)
Oh, why hello brownii!! I wish the #Catnap came sooner!! Is it Friday yet? :)
that's my girl :)
I think the show is called everybody hates chris : P What's ur fav show ?
Fight is won.. behind the lines, in the gym, and out there on the road, long before I dance under those lights. -M. Ali
Got a sneak peek of photography in #socialcurrency exhibition. It's going to be amazing.
Sunshine Rain
that is why i love this magazine
DAMMIT! He says they're freezing spending, and now he's launching a new web site? WTF?
i guess showering would be good...
The special: Caprese Train. Fresh mozzarella, Romas, basil, and an olive oil drizzle on a fried egg sandwich.
Has anyone ever actually had a restaurant Mother's Day brunch that they thought was outstanding? Food AND service wise.
Where the party at?
use the rules/filter settings to route your email, makes it much easier to seperate junk from people you want to respond to
me and ced convo last night >>>>>> made my night .
I cannot accept the truth it is already 5.34pm AH.
In 3 days we finished ALL guitars and main vocals. O.o We have so many surprises for you guys! Please keep telling your friends about us <3
Thank you for RT's! Happy (almost) Thursday!
The vote for Amendment 1 is tommorow! I hope people vote against it..it would hurt SSOOO many people!
When teeth and muscle war, muscle never loses.
Peace out juice drinkers and coffee makers!
Anyone interested in starting this game for tonights league or should we wait until Monday to start guessing for next week?
Awesome!!! Will love to see you! And maybe you can help build a solid CO team ;-)
if you can't spot the crazy person in the room, it's you.
I'm so gone. I'm sorry twatter.
Maybe the Tigers can get Fernando Rodney back to add to the madness
MT RT Randolph bill to ban discrimination against #LGBT Floridians 'never even put on agenda'...
haha! I hear ya. I'd do the same.
Set an outlook alert for todays 407pm baseball game.
User eXperience Design, of course. Probs should have TUXEDOed better (Tweeted Using eXpressions Everytweep Doubtlessly knOws)
who u stalking lol j/k cuz!!
IS GETTING HER ASS HANDED TO HER ON FACEBOOK UNDER EVERY POST SHE TYPES. LOL
I'm currently watching Topgear legit
You had a lot of crooks tryna steal your heart Never really had luck, couldn't never figure out
I never got the joke on 30 Rock where Liz's agent is played by an adolescent boy. Now is doing it on his show too. Huh?
Grocery workers in southern California reach an agreement
What's the song to get you over to the pub for some re-hydration?
I think I got first on Saturday. It's all downhill from here.
Good lord soccer is so damn stupid. I'd rather get kicked in the face with a golf shoe than watch this.
looks awesome-- would you want or need any assistance on the project? Good to see you at btw!
Planning is underway for #SlainteMKE at ! Follow for updates!
Hey if anybody know my name follow me k
Came home from #codemash to find my heat out.....not a good time for that!
Happy 420 :P
Wowzers. Just looked up photo of the "beach". *That's* decadence.
But I'm not gonna be a bitch, cuz that'd be a bitch move
: Happy Birthday!!!! Live it up on this Cinco De Mayo! :) xo>> thanks girl!!
look for a link above the video thumbnail for more videos. Also go to YouTube.com/iheartranger
Thanks for the mention!
Ah, Austin's aunt came online after like 10 hours and replied to my tweet. just made the night even better ! june 22 <3 goodnight :)
Home after a tough loss tonight to Florida
Happy birthday from a long time fan!
dat is my background pikk go see
joe johnson thanks the hawks for that celtics 10-0 run
Shoot me your email and ill send you something to listen to! Appreciate it sir.
I want to go on vacation!
Just got brought onboard to edit a short comedy. Looks like its gonna be a lot of fun, really excited!
Make or break in the next couple weeks... If something doesn't happen, its on to better and brighter things...
Always team Nicki!!!!! Till I die, and still repping.
so, i havent even thought about you lately..
"I mean, the question actors most often get asked is how they can bear saying the same things over and over again, night after night, but...
I like to keep my issues drawn It's always darkest before the dawn*
whats up twitter?!
But my GPA is poppin' so I'm down.
The Superior Man is aware of Righteousness, the inferior man is aware of advantage. Confucius
Win a Lemonade from McDonald's! Just tell whether you'll tune into the Idol finale tonight. Email with your answer.
I CANT BE MEAN!!! ITS IMPOSSIBLE!!!!! ARGGGGGGGG!!!!!!
I mean fuck if I know sheeeeeit
Nick. Come on back. My wife and I miss the "Swish Salute"
The wick is for kick ass wicksters
Hi Stacey!! Thanks for following. There's a lot of exquisite art pieces on your page. I look forward to seeing more. Best wishes
Love this rain:)
thanks Rohit! We entered you in the drawing. Looking forward to being on the NYU Blog.
Whenever I lose sight of my goal, I look at the faces of everyone on my team and I'm right back to it.
after dealing w/ 15 month olds this weekend, my advice is try and keep up with them and you'll be out like a light in an hour. ;-)
. 2012 is next week (April 3-5). #Terracotta and will be there (booth #400).
Good morning - welcome to Wednesday...
Bummin around with in LA... it's
Social Media Overtakes Search in Advertising
like music to my ears! Good to hear homie ;)
you call on me at the weirdest times Nikkole Parker
i so got that
I guess this doctor is a substitute, but I'm certain he was a serial killer in his past life. Creepy! I just wanna go home.
has literally gone insane!
oh baby please forgive me im sorry my mom hacked my account
I don't appreciate spam.
Can today get any worse?
using #javascript to write cookies in the browser... yay or nay?
I feel so stupid
My cousin is coming in from Dallas...it's nice to have out-of-town company sometimes.
thank you Rabbi for following me. Best of luck in your senate race<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>God Bless You!
Matta fact that makes a few of u niggas I never see yall rooting for a team u like.. but I always see yall hating on great players n teams
Been using it for almost a year now. It's pretty cool
must be nice! Good for you.
@ the airport, watching people arrive from Vegas. Everybody looks like they're doing the walk of shame
Dont you hate it when somebody turns on the light to wake you up and you're just like -_o
Take ya lazy ass to the gym b4 I tell Master Sgt on you
I have a feeling somethings different
I got my stickers in finally!
Life itself >>
Your obscurity is overwhelming me, why you deserve invisibility.
Today has been a really good day :)
Have a great weekend, everyone!
This time of year it gets a little more sad as time ticks by...tick...tock as it gets darker earlier and oh so HOT! Depressing...
I have got to start relaxing and not typing my hashtag wrong; listening to Sean #LNYHBT ... got it right this time.
we danced to mother gooney bird.... and read the book by Tomie de Paola "My Mother is So Smart"
Pop a Molly Smoke a Blunt, I'ma High Roller <U+E402>
very cool idea!
don't sit then lol
First year of college complete <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
FINALLY on my flight to San Antonio en route to Austin. Excited abt and 's party!
What are your plans for Valentine's Day?
you can chat with me anytime, dear!!
#Ghettocrayoncolors grandmas bunions - tan
If you want to get around the I-40 west bound rockslide near the TN/NC border, take I-26 towards Johnson City then Highway 25/70 into TN.
"Your body is the baggage you must carry through life. The more excess the baggage, the shorter the trip." - Arnold H. Glasgow
New personal information aggregator TLO has some capabilities that neither Accurint nor Merlin have. More later.
- you are the man. Thanks for teaching some of my favorite people about tweeting!
Who's joining us Sunday at the Rockabilly Chili Contest?
My first-time new Apple rush: Bought iPod Touch for son's HS graduation night of Sep announcement. Picked up at FedEx last night.
Welcome to the official Twitter page for Knife Edge Productions.
(c) It says I gained again!! -__- I don't know which to believe!!
Monster Cush ... Super Unleaded<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A> Grand daddy purp .. #JetFuel<f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A5> On deck...
2nd WINNING PICK - #NFL WEEK 10...EAGLES/CHARGERS #TAKETHEOVER (47)...THIS ONE FEATURES TWO BIG PASSING GAMES...LOT S OF POINTS
I'm 100% in support of your new hashtag,
Just got my nails done and bought a lotto ticket!
Aw man baby geez lmaooooo
Chainsaw you're the best!!
|#quotes All you need is ignorance and confidence; then success is sure.
lol that shit happened to me and it was kinda crazy.
thank you!!:)<33
Damn it, I love my life.
Hazardous Mat, Spill-Leak
QoTD: "He who fears being conquered is sure of defeat." (Napoleon Bonaparte)
MT : Today Pres Obama announced his support for same-sex marriage. Join us 5/15 for a convo on gay rights......
In 3rd wk at and lovin' it! We're looking for a .NET QA Engineer. Join us!
Right back! I'm hoping Golf & Poker are in our near futures.
I'm so sorry that was an accident. :D
Hope you and your family had a wonderful New Years Day! Final day of Bijoux Blitz starts tomorrow. Stay tuned! guyandeva.com
Real News is missing the point on scans in NYC. It's not where you accept the scans from PD, It's standing up & saying NO to Scans!
I like Homer Bailey. That is all.
like that movie undisputed with wesley snipes
Part of the 'A' team on pretty little liars is he's helping Mona...bet you didn't see that one coming <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
I want to work in revelations, not just spin silly tales for money. -- Kerouac
Paintballing & white water rafting today & tomorrow... Kicking off senior week #letshopeimakeitoutalive!
Petco just came out with their new spring fashions....maybe they have a raincoat? I'm heading there today to see what's on.
omg... I don't know him.
it was weird don't do it
Loving the stare down the remarkable students and Thayne have been sharing in the last 10 minutes.
yes! RT Clear eyes, full hearts, can't lose.
did you ever get a chance to Skype with my friend in Uganda?
We're having fun at Lunch and Learn!
Must have tweeted it for the both of us then. :)
u can try burping your hiccops with ur mouth closed too lol
FORZAAAA MILAN >>>>> I ROSSONERI FROM INDONESIA
If its trendy... I fucking hate it
Is “parents-loving-themselves” a prerequisite 2 teaching kids 2 love themselves? #ptRAD pls RT
Love me or hate me, i swear it won't make or break me
I MISS YOU SO MUCH
God Damn I hate the fucking flyers
Wish I was in Springfield.
DAMN, forreal though, where's the de?
population of black people in iowa 10.45%
We wish!
And :)....I'm also wondering about a good, reliable herbal that infuses a pretty pink color that will be sweetened with agave and iced??
good stuff, that's what!
“: Happy Banned Books Week! What's everyone reading?” - "Slaughter-House Five" by Kurt Vonnegut, Jr. Once banned in SE Missouri school.
double like
#upallnight is the best new comedy of the season. HILARIOUS!
The name of the LORD is a strong tower; the righteous run to it and are safe. Proverbs 18:10
#Redskins #NFL #Facebook Follow us on facebook www.facebook.com/redskinfans
if yall don't know, then your missing the best tacos that ever graced yo face -- TEXnROOK got the twitter name wrong.sorry
RT : <U+2726><U+2727><U+2726> When one's #mind is made up, this diminishes #fear; #knowing what must be done does away with fear. Rosa Parks
JOIN ZE CLUB
You Got Some Hard Shit Bro
If only I were young and single. And credentialed. :-) I'll be watching from here. Enjoy Denver!
Never hit a man with glasses. Hit him with a baseball bat.
": I'm here girly!!!" I miss you!!!! So does kaitlyn and my cousin even though you dont talk
I cannot wait to hear Mr. Bardo's response. Those were some strong words that can be misinterpreted if not clarified
Mary Kay scientists regularly consult with independent dermatologists and other medical experts around the world.
aha i love temple run!!:)
that would be fun....
CU IS NOW OFFICIALLY ALSO A BASKETBALL SCHOOL!!!!!!!
I really could care less about finals next week.
Life is a beautiful thing&everyone should love to live no one should ever doubt bout living no matter what happens:))</3
I have a place by work called Chutney Joe's. While the food is really good, the name is really bad.
At Bad Genie for No Requests. $2 PBR/PBR Lights. Get here!
CALLING ALL #Bandsthatrock! We're looking for bands to put shows together with in #Chicago & the #Midwest. #forthoseabouttorockwesaluteyou!
Kid Cudi is so cute!! :D
I think the same thing about the CT ones!!! What's up with all this white powder at schools????
I def wanna see you soon too <3(:
Time to get productive.
uh yes ! Lmao
Today is my Birthday please follow me and my 2 friends at and :)
Rise of recognition of engineers: Because we rely on complex hard- & software to achieve results how to recognize contribs
Images for shoes+tommy - shoes tommy
#fallformal Friends are the glue that fix heartbreak. Friends and a bottle of whiskey.
thats true & im thinking of working with music :)
what answers?
it appears so.
Happy day of birth to K to the E!!
if it doesn't, they have a couple great matchups in the coming weeks!
does it really taste like mountain dew?
Im very sarcastic.
you can be an escort lol
I like comedy, I love it very much, I love laughing
Rude Ass hoe I ain't worried .
Gemologist was a $310,000 purchase at the 2009 Keeneland November Sale
ohh ok well if you need help always happy to help! :-)
Texas Roadhouse is O-MAZING. Great steak! (medium rare for me of course) -M
Hope everyone has a great weekend! Remember FRIDAY is the last day to buy Homecoming tickets!
shooting story on sprts hall of fame induction-cool ray field jason elam, david greene going in plus others
You can't expect someone to keep taking you back after you continue to do the same shit you promised not to.
Man Looks at your Outside! While GOD looks at your Heart! David went from a Shepherd to A King! You are Capable & you are loved!
Grapes and a cookie for breakfast
they have growlers! I'll remember that for next time
it's unlikely that you will make it through today. It's a vicious city out there
Chasing Disaster will be headlining the Duke City Sleepout Benefit for the homeless in Albuquerque, NM on June 10th.
the Orpheum i post it on FB as event ima invite you on there if you still on there
Half of a tuna salad wrap with lettuce, tomato, cucumber , sprouts, served with a cup of soup$6.95 *Chili & Clam Chowder 50 cents extra
had 2 separate 5 loads of laundry & they will just have 2 sit there & think about what they've done only then will I deal with them
We got our tickets to the MD film fest!
I think I still kind of love her.
Today CW stands for the Civil War on this anniversary of the 1862 Battle of Williamsburg.
yeah, i think you've nailed it man
I gotta go back to the power plant live, it was so much going on...
. is bringing up the Blue Button for allowing patients to access their health records or for doing mashups with feeds.
4 years ago today was the special Memorial for Bill Keightly in Rupp Arena. Today #8 is celebrated.
I love you and I only want to see the best from you
well, that's not a bad combination...
Heading to the first gig tomorrow for a battle!
Please pray for Bailey ford, she is 4 years old and has stage 4 cancer. Thanks
my roomie has been wanting to play!
#breakingbad last 15 minutes tonight, incredible television
happy birthday!!!! :) ur so amazing and sexy and talented!!! I love u!!!! 19
I'm typing Im typing
no clue never lived in dorms but knowing most colleges you can't have pets in dorms.
It's Kenosha Korn! Sound delicious.
How was atl ?
Oh sick, but still horny, huh? ;) <3
We in The Jungle. Follow
Extremely excited to find out I will be filling comedian's seats not figuratively!
RT just finished selection meeting for #boulder. wow. great stuff out there. hard to narrow.
G'morning to all my Tweetsters! Today is a great day to fight for equality! Never give up hope!
could be more of an adult-oriented/fan-driven slot. How long did Fringe survive there?
Yeah uh huh
I'm thinking 10-15ish. reserved a table for us.
no but im going to monster jam!! guess whos going to be there... DRAKE!! my life is complete! wish u could go with me :(
I WUV YEW
haha okay we are having to much fun, back to the #TweetChat --->
It makes me mad when my iPad gets new gmail emails before my android phone!
Trying to figure out why orders are getting to Europe faster than to Canada o_O
Come and see us at the ICMS Conference in Kalamazoo next week, Booth #3. FREE book prize draw!
But where do they aim..Las Vegas and the Clubs to chase panties and hit the bar..waaaahhhh!!!
Just received a very convincing PayPal spam/virus email - re: API and IPN updates - do not click any of the links!!
"L U V Madonna!" - guy in Europe
I know the one place needs to be and so does he!
serious question, why dont u try to get a job with the browns of some kind of capacity
it was a thing of beauty. And better than Riley deserved.
a lil to late to rt that
Here with family
TXS for new followers :)
I know I shouldn't but that's too funny! RT “: Relationships are like fat people. Most of them don't work out.. #MYOPINION”
So many weddings this year! I love it.
gracias chica!! :) i'll make a scrapbook out of just about anything possible lol
Chapter 2012 Pages 129 & 130 of 366 Money can't buy happiness but it sure can provide options!
Working in a 100 year old building= lots of power outages. Breaktime!
GO TO BED OMG ARE YOU SWEATING.
damn, just looked up photos. He is pretty fine.
Men judge us by the success of our efforts. God looks at the efforts themselves.
Hmm...what to watch first from my latest haul? Ken Russell? Fritz Lang? Super Cops? Ursula Andress? Stroheim? So difficult.
I'm not sure high D, low R turnout is the recipe for success. High urban/suburban low rural would have been toughest environment
Bizarre! That is an amazing word...stupid spell-check. It needs to check itself.
We take for granted all the things that makes us who we are.
Awe I didnt know you were in the bldg!!!!
I'm realizing that if it's Pats v Packers in the Superbowl, I won't be leaving the house.
Not a good sign when all of the tweets from a flower delivery co. are apologies for non-delivered orders. What gives, ?
If you live in the 13th aldermanic district in the City of #MKE, please vote for Ald. Terry Witkowski.
Thanks, ladies! :-)
my eyes are going bad, my friend is going mad...
Do u need any help wid sum questions 4 chem? Coz my bro passed his gcses (year11) with flying colours he is the best at chem!!
Think of new subscription models, like per document for your online collections/databases. Also check free region/state consortia.
When I pointed out what booting me looked like they threatened me with legal action and hid behind their terms of use.
ah im soo bored such an boring dayy
She was great!;)
Do you think our music fits their genre?
Happy Friday to you Sandra!
Thank you to all the Quality people. Customers & business associates...we <3 you all!!! Happy New Year...
Fuck Jon Jones
I wish:) RT : Elle Macpherson WOW! If only I look like her when I get older. #sigh It's all about neutrals.
Speaking of which, still looking for good fantasy names of kingdoms/ territories/realms for DnD. I'll also take names for characters!
Why are this year's crowds at the Rose Garden better than last year? The Players tell you
I was about to faint.. I said you didn't follow me anymore .. Then it showed up .. (: phew (:
Also, Calipari is looking to the bolt to the NBA. Develop your game at #Georgetown, be the no. 1 overall pick, and life's set
sounds like a spa treatment
Follow , our pop up flower shop opening during Better Block! Cash and carry flowers by the stem!
I love ur profile pic. very sexy and strong. I know what mean about people. I give them my all to eventually get shit on
have a good broadcast and call a win for us!!!
Frankie's with the great and the one and only GO FROGS.
merging at the last minute has been shown to be most efficient. It's actually merging in between that's the total disaster.
touche let me see and I will get back to you haha
FFL MARCH BOOK SALE! ALL DAY TODAY AND TOMORROW! BOOKS FROM $1! BEST SELLERS, PAPERBACKS AND AMAZING DEALS! BRING THE WHOLE FAMILY
LaSalle Solutions Achieves the Advanced Unified Computing Technology Specialization From Cisco in the United States
Hubie can't even say our ONLY all-star's name correctly. It's HIBBERT, not Hilbert.
Matt 's Atlanta win?
So refreshing to see the O's winning and actually having fun while doing it.
IHOP, riding and movie night with ! :)
RBTI on watch this coming week!!!
say what?
Being single is better than being lied to, cheated on, and disrespected.
apologizing doesn't always mean your wrong, it just means that you value your relationships more than your ego.
Why did Facebook pay 1 billion dollars for Instagram? Don't they know you can download it for free?
you're good people. Still rocking you shirt and making people jealous?
#YouMightBeGhettoIf You use duck tape to fix EVERYTHING
Hey (: omg lol.
Even though it ended too early, I'm still Proud of my Aztecs for their EPIC season.
To all who purchased pie, thank you so much for for support. Our apologizes for selling out so quickly. Look for the mna,,,,,,,,
10 Facebook Tips: The first rule of Facebook is you don't talk about Facebook....Yahoo is suing them for billions
Tacoma is more of a ghost town than usual... seems like every second office downtown is vacant
Taking note from my phone ;)
The top three reasons for sharing are to inform friends, express a point of view or to say something funny (in person or via social media)
just call my name and I'll be there! Had a conditional offer from anglia!
completely unsurprised. I think I was congratulating y'all.
Have a Good Night, get plenty of rest and sleep with the angels......remember, always God loves you and AngieB loves you
Gonna watch this rangers/tigers game
#ItGetsMeMadWhen people try to bring other people down just to make them selfs feel better.
Final number 2 on deck.
That's what they all say. My blog is on life support. It'd be kinder to let it gently float away...
backing up Palmer??
It's a new morning
Getting ready for my very first Armenian wedding experience! I'm sure it'll be a blast!
Yes then BUSH2 spent the surplus & 4Trillion more, then left it for #Obama to clean up the HUGE MESS! GREAT JOB SO FAR!
Thanks Paula :) I
P.S. I don't recommend anyone look up what that word means, if you don't already know or can't figure it out root word analysis. Yeah.
I don't doubt you for a second. Just speaking' my mind.
ok am officially cry ing please don't do this to me lol I wanna go so so so bad I'm such a big fan!
That kickball is awesome anytime and anywhere no matter what!
how about next week??
if you had to play a sport other than soccer, what would you play?
Cirque de Solei was awesome! Just beautiful!
Downside of dating 6 guys at once: Texting the wrong one "I'll see you tonight" Ops!
Ooh, such a nice care package!
watch out for a family of roaming black bears.
and rock!
Alkalizing supplements can go a long way toward helping you achieve proper pH balance and subsequent health benefits.
definitely in... Just name time and place
yes girl!!! Thank you!
: Can we make that an online class? Distance learning, perhaps? I have Skype! lol
former Revs star!
Best #glee performance will always be Teenage Dream.
I have a friend named Winchester on Facebook now. I love it.
RT : Saying "YOU'RE WELCOME" so fucking loudly when someone doesn't say "Thank you".
Quite a dynamic duo.
Your money will be safe.
-I had an awesome meeting as well. Very enlightening! look forward to next fri as well
Oh here it is!
correction: that was Marco Ilic (not S. Heller). :<)
hey can you hit me up L8tr?
Which one? I'm overdue and need to renew...
I have missed you guys,
: lol. Well ur an artist so it's expected
or even WORSE he'll tell you he wants to be in radio not college. No vacation. He'll be borrowing $ for a while.
3 weeks? That's a nice vacation. Take care of yourself.
hey. bro in the bright yellow chevy cobalt covered in blackhawks stickers. stop being so cool, mmk?
I really need to stop reading the comments on news articles. I'm starting to hate humanity.
The iPhone Economy: A Video
Hey that's awesome man. You're going to have a great time. How long have you been working with him?
A lover is a man who tries to be more amiable than it is possible for him to be.
off to teach freshman seminar.
niiiiccce! Cheers brother!!
Fuck you monday leave me alone.
I know you are, but what am I?
“: Teach me how to....? #finishthesentence” teach me how to become Ricky's girlfriend. Did I just tweet that? #awk #awwell (:
Ron Ron tastes good they should sell this!
Trying to leave him alone; but he's like my drug. & can't shake him...
'Cause I, I believe in my soul And I always wanna feel this way so honey let the good times roll
YOU AINT GOT LIKE ME AT THE END OF DAY I AINT LOSIN SLEEP....FUCK YOU!!
is their going to be another jersey shore season
Choo making quite the statement to Sanchez tonight..
And another top 20 finish for Keep it up and you'll be ROTY
There are 3-tiers of users (hyper engaged, moderately engaged & passive). Each serve a function so develop a strategy for each
Thanks Jaz! Hope you had a great weekend and holidays too!
This cheese is rotten. I'm going to the hospital.
Grass or turf?
Yes, you can.
Don't forget to post a picture of your smiling face sweetie...maybe from Miami!
ok talk to you later :) have a good dinner :)
And I'm probably biased cause my sample size is mostly online players
In true geek fashion, I would like to wish everyone a very Happy Star Wars day. May the 4th be with you.
I present a portfolio of my college career in less than 30 minutes. It all comes down to this.
and I don't remember if I even have it :-(
loving my new (old) technics turntable. thanks for hooking it up !
shotgun?! OMG! That's why I adore you and think you are da bomb! And, attack kitties are super scary, too.
Last night enjoying the #Grammys, today my #iOS game has been downloaded in its 53rd country. Life is good! Thanks
awe lol I would hate to be her.
Just heard an officer say 'I do not consent' to being taped by friend of a guy detained at 50th Can he do that? Didn't stop.
And at the half it's #Turnovers 17 - #Seahawks 0
Can't Sleep
This just made my day, I will be booking my flight soon!
There is Tigers baseball on in the office. This means it is summer, right?
My coffee problem has escalated to 3-shot espressos. I blame the K+K Hotel Prague for their "liquid crack" machine.
This week is going to go by so fast, you won't even believe it!
Can't sleep cause I'm thinking about which cameras to bring to Mexico.
Happy Easter!!!
One more day until my birthday! Thanks 2 my true friends for all the scheduled lunch/dinner/party dates! Wknd is packed full of fun! Luv u!
No problem! Everything is great on our end, fabulous weather & events! Have a great rest of your week.
:) thanks boo! Trying to stay cute
nba2k12 keeps freezing on the loading screen. Whats going on?
16 people DM'ed me to be on the scrapbook!! :) great im gonna put y'all :)
"oh the things that I have missed… the Black plague, the Spanish Inquisition… the Brady Bunch reunion" Ivan Ooze
What do you think of new profile? Looks nice, don't notice a lot of differ. in functionality but perhaps that will come in stages
Where do all my socks go?
KISS performing on Dancing with the Stars must be a sign the end is near
chillin n da cut like an infection...
What kinda #mikeshard do u want today?
LIVE chat with right now on GrabBagSports.com. Come join the fun while watching the#Rolex24 and talk racing with TAG.
IT SUCKS
hahahahahaa a girls gotta eat!
that! confused me!!
16-9. Really just a perfectly played baseball game. Great pitching and good hitting. Bring on Boston!
#EncourageGreatness in others is a key to developing your own #Greatness. You are even Greater by helping another person Shine Bright!
The learning matters a great deal, and especially the focused effort behind it
Information overload!! -- at least there's more depth to everyones ideas, time to pay attention...
el español homework is done... I keep reminding myself, one week at a time and the semester will be over
yeah. It was crazy windy too. Finished with Rush n Crush though. You going today?
oh sorry:/ he likes Brittany
Liquor doesn't bring out the asshole in me, it just lowers the amount of fucks I give.
Thanks for the free copy of the Constitution. The bad news is I now have the Schoolhouse Rock Preamble song stuck in my head.
since 10th grade right?;)
Haven't started the TV show, though I'm on book 3 right now.
It got cold again I swear if it snows I'm punching someones baby
Don't u hate it when u click 2 see details & mistakenly fav a tweet? Yeah, u know they already got e-mailed & are feeling all proud.
ok.. so, some fool decided it was a good idea to call 911 to get to the Lil Wayne concert. He actually asked for a helicopter ..lol
I wish. We were to gather. Instead of being really good friends. But never going to happen </3
Just looked at myself in mirror - bags under my eyes are horrendous - and I have been getting good sleep... <sigh>
Dear Logan, Who is that whore you are holding? You do know that there are no dog allowed on beach. Maybe even buy her a bikini that fits.
Come join us Thursday night 6:30pm @ XINO Restaurant with
lmao. #FlirtFail. She should've been more like the Subway girls...
“: follow back? (:” followed
There is a difference between a "service" center and a DH center. Don't just drop of documents to scan--push scholarship
no way. It 422 in camera. I'll rent when I need it to be better :-)
go up into Washington Heights along Broadway or Saint Nicholas Avenue.
Will Studio H remain at its current location?
“: Oh, that Joe Biden. Always going off script and saying weird things like people should be treated equally.”
SO HOW HAVE YOU BEEN G????? HOPE WELL :)
Truly blessed. My family will forever be my rock. Could not ask for better.
RT : 60° really? // Yup. With an expected high around 72°.
I'm 7 hours behind on my tweets, but I'll eventually join in (or I am joining in NOW) lol
happy birthday!!!! :) ur so amazing and sexy and talented!!! I love u!!!! 18
manage your personal/professional life like a rock star manages a career: be able to change. try the unexpected. avoid one hit wonder status
Thanks to all of contacted my about the #executivecoaching discount opportunity.
#fridayreads Finished Stonecutter by Lackberg. Excellent read, can't wait for the next one! Thanks
'10 Cats. Wall, Boogie, Patterson, Harrelson, Orton, etc. Loaded team. RT More talented team: 2010 Kentucky or 2012 Kentucky?
Smart thermostats coming to DC soon, currently before the commission.
HaHa Ikr .. The Circle Misses You.
when are you coming back ? :(
Congrats guys!! This is awesome for us all!! Stoked for Thursday!!
dude thata excactlyhow i feel :D
what are you doing?
“: Facebook needs these buttons: dislike, Who cares, & are you an idiot?” preach!!
I too am passionate about developing great leaders, to help them understand their system & find what works best for them.
um idk I don't think tht would be a good idea cuz she might have to pay long distance we can still talk on here though
Heh... no biggie. Not like you were looking to catch up on the ole timeline. But I'll answer you: I keep Raburn.
Ranted in BestBuy re: hating Sony for nonuniversal camera cables. Then salesguy told me his name was Sony. For reals- it was on his nametag.
Happy Friday the 13th! Take advantage of our deal...$100 off when you book a photo booth or green screen in addition to your Band or DJ!
must be something about them Bryant's..
It's summer and all that's on TV is reality television shows... I can officially stop thinking now.
Going to rock the smoker again tomorrow. Chickens or spare ribs?
We should be occupying K Street, Not Wall Street. It's big money's influence on our politicians via lobbyists that bothers me.
Cubs game Saturday ! Can't wait :))
SAVE THE DATE: SAT 4/28. is back! More info TBA. Interested in being a vendor? Contact:
you have msn?
had a great sandwich yesterday that is absolutely going on the menu
Honestly one of the best spring breaks I'll ever experience.
if u can't give ownership to a player Adams can just give ownership to Archie until Peyton retires
Show this Wednesday at the High Dive in fremont! Come on out seattle people!
if i dont know how to respond to a txt i just type "!!!"
#QuoteoftheDay: "To find fulfillment...don't exist with life - embrace it." <U+FFFC>Jim Beggs
thank you
First sunny day in a week and 50 seats outside in the sun booked for lunch! Great start to a Friday!
I assume he'll be gone also, but a lot of "insiders" say there's a chance if the Vikes pick at 3. Should be a great draft.
Ask them hoes about me!
Heeeyy you're cute. Get naked . K(:
Thanks to , , and for the follow!
Everything that I have is yours
Thanks for kind words about Printers Row! On deadline for next issue, let me know what you think!
I love you :/
It's too bad it's detractions overshadow the significant things that happened in it.
Thanks! More to come! RT : Using Never knew how easy and awesome online ticket sales/box office management could be.
WTF was that, Rondo?
no problem :-)
not enough sleep for ya?
Happy Easter to all my followers!
The first easy thing to add would be some full body workouts. That will jack up your metabolism! Second, what is a usual meal?
Can't wait to get my iPhone
Hey Followers . What's popingg? :D
For #ExteriorPainting, latex paint is easier to clean & lasts as long as oil-based. Always by the best paint you can afford.
My brother bought me Nutella (:
Boys lie.
I am freaking speechless.
... Glad my obscure reference was missed. Score!
partners with talk show hosts like Oprah to amplify its education message, says Ward.
I miss you MORE. Let me know when you're free...next week is like super good for me except Monday and Tuesday :)
J Montero HR to RCF. Wind's blowing out, but he crushed it. 7-1
#2, supersize, hurry up I'm starving
Im a lazy fuck
You're really not helping yourself. Please leave me alone
hahaha i wrote " to to" instead of "to watch"
a little wait for the most awesome day of the year....
Great Fresh Air interview with the late John Updike on ...and he's even rippin on my favorite author Jack Kerouac
I would watch
Say she's "beautiful" not "hot" she's a woman not a temperature
Compared to other words people could use to describe Bill Belichick, 'jerk' is nice.
I forget way to much...ya just gotta remind me
I really need a good day tomorrow! Ready to see tomorrow night! I'm gonna cry!! :'(
Inspiration from the Donald?!.. "I like thinking big. If you’re going to be thinking anything, you might as well think big." -
Trivia Tuesday tonight at 9 p.m. Come early for prime seating!
Happy Hour ALL day in Doral Shorty's. Stop by for happy hour drink specials today and tomorrow.
Ok I will stop.. Sorry coach. Text me when youre done ;) <33333
Am I really expected to know the geography or location of a country if the US hasn't invaded and imposed beliefs and principles on them? NO!
He wants my kitty ..
Sometimes, the wrong things are what matter most. Because by making mistakes, we learn. Then, the more we come to see the reality of life.
Starting to think that the secret to success for economics has something to do with Starcraft.
The guy at the table behind me is such a whiny bitch I'm surprised he gets any sex at all - what a loser!
I didn't see your message before ... Doesn't make it better, but definitely everything sounds better with a British accent ;)
I always speak my mind. I don't hold my tongue for no one
yep, it's on tonight on channel 5. The KJ103 interview went great! Talked about you some too.
He'd be a good fit! RT Patriots should sign manning! Imagine the defenses would have to prep for Brady OR manning???
Gonna play soccer in gym for the next 3 weeks or even untuil march.
RT: Up to 50% of former #foster #youth become #homeless within the first 18 months of being released from the system
Got another article out in the #knighthawksinsider This week is a feature on check it out in todays issue of the
I swear, they cant leave me alone. Its like, back da fuck up!
It looks like it, I am not a hundred percent positive
Dodd! Frank!
Will our history pre-2009 be available if we imported it from Dodgeball?
yep that's right
i feel so outta the loop :(
Still swimming. Don't know if I can make it. I am losing hope.
YOU TWEET
blowin my phone battery is low , phone turnin off bye :p
Lindy Fix tonight at 8 at PCH! Lesson with Sam and Kate! DJ Sam! Kate and Nate will also start a June session of Intro to Lindy at 7 :)
Reading about exhibition evaluation. I feel like I'm back in grad school (and that's not such a bad thing).
If everyone in America had a product or skill of value to offer, we wouldn't need welfare. Alan Jackson is a "Singer of simple songs."
It has! I'm going to start using the carrying cash idea and start leaving my cards @ home. Thanks so much for sharing your story!
NASCAR costs: $3 million a year to field a Truck Series team. $5.5 million for Nationwide. $18 million in Sprint Cup.
Nope I got it streaming via the canadian feed on the laptop haha. I'll show you a picture of my multimedia multitasking
Last night's #SpaceGeeks tweetup rawked. I heart the planetarium. Can't wait for tonight.
i hate being done dirty....especially by someone i love smh
So my hair looks black instead of brown ahh :/
Such a great night! Soulard is going to be awesome this summer!
YES. Education was a second chance for me. Great meeting you yesterday.
What's the most interesting / clever cover photo you've seen on Facebook?
#PrettyLittleLiars = Best Show Ever
Thanks Klout-givers! So honored! Sincerely.
The API is back to normal. All requests, including those utilizing WebHooks, are up and running.
President Obama just flew over my house
Damn it i always end up liking you again. Why
Attention to health is life greatest hindrance. ~ Plato
: Belated congratulations to you and Grishu! :-) Great contribution!
MPAA plagued with issues. but R-rating is short-sighted. RT : Re: #Bully doc. Impact on public trust in MPAA ratings board?
Think the title of my next one person show is I'M ALWAYS PLAYING IN BASEMENTS
alex just saw that! lol was it god??
The #Bruins are 4-1 in overtime games in the playoffs. I'll take Tim Thomas over a rookie goaltender. But need a better period than 3rd.
Heading to an exclusive launch party for a beer brand in Seattle today. Pretty exciting!
So proud of our dance club kids! They danced so well. I am so lucky!!!!
Yeah, it's good stuff! :)
sure, but that only works for your immediate neighbors. You would want a wider net if your dog ran away
of whom are you discussing?
Many thanks!
Always a treat to see Old Aches & Pains on the wall.
The three tho sigh I'm not much of a wing man tho
Hey make sure your paper is finished. He is collecting them at the beginning of class.
consider investing in a self-inking stamp
My big toe keeps me balanced. I just wanted to say I love you big toe. ^.^
#c4l12 REST precon - real diversity in the group - different skills and experiences. Good times.
Finally! I've always hated thinking about offense. Welcome, Peyton! Our new starting QB and OC.
Some of the songs on pandora. I mean really I have never heard of this person in my life. I don't wanna listen to some weird crap. Smh
stupid but plz join
you mean it's *GASP* another sign of best buy being behind the times?
Applebees commercial... "the taste of burbon street". Their marketing team has never visited, or honest description of food quality?
There is really a BBC documentary called "Steve Jobs: Billion Dollar Hippy."
I'm just saying in general. It's annoying seeing people bitch about it when it could be so much worse
ok sounds good
Headin to tha pad ..tired as hell ..
ayooo! gonna make your mom go bankrupt!
Gabe York played in one game in an adult league during the season is violation of Southern Section rules and has been suspended
your a fucking asshole :/ I cant believe I actually wanted to be with you, smfffh!
Don't spend your whole life holding on <3 #BoysLikeGirls <3 :)
Looks like I'm gonna start watching now that my fave will be on it! So excited!!!
#80sMusic in the car on the way to the beach...
Will wholesome making genious happen
Feeling a bit guilty. I served cake made with coffee at a casual Mormon gathering. In my defense, I used decaf. And it was amazing.
i absolutely could have pictured him cracking that one.
By the way, there's no reason watch "The Walking Dead" finale right now. If you need a zombie fix, I'm pretty sure Xavier's center is one.”
well played
RT : We all attempt to seek comfort for outside sources then feel guilty when we lose something we've neglected
On the road with #mcdm-ers and , talking social media engagement strategy with in Raleigh, NC. /avc
im so jealous! I want adventures. D:
Ellerman on News Corp: This level of attenuation in connection b/t bribe & business advantage for news reporting is obstacle to FCPA charge
something like "don't judge a book by its cover, because it's just a cover" Hahahaha :)
I should slap you for even saying that.. You dont understand how stupid you sound
Wants sleep! Rawr. I feel like crap. I miss Aaron's arms. I want to cuddle!! >.< GRR. I don't like nights by myself. :/
no news isn't always good news :(
It's called a French kiss, bc the French have the time, and lack the shame to do it on every st corner. Get a room y'all
And a bag to throw up in... GROSS! RT : A hot-dog filled pizza crust should come with fitness training sessions.
heck yeah!
Projecting 'Refresh' classic mashup this evening
Happy Groundhog Day! This may be the first time that I could handle 6 more weeks of this weather!
you can raise her up a lady, but there's one thing you just can't avoid, ladies love country boys.
#SeedFaith... "When Something You Have...Creates Something You Don't Have."
Watching ID channel....Love these stories!
My word for the day (heavy on my mind) - I won't allow the agenda of adults to get in my way of helping kids!
topr all day
TuneIn Radio app. It's a lifesaver for am stations indoors. Plus hearing stuff from all over world.
Now you could go get some good coke lol ": Thank you to everybody for spending your hard earned money on PPV last weekend.
its going sorry for late reply just buisy i have sick bikes that im putting out so gotta make sure my guys are on it:)
We are more than most will ever know
We're #22 on the charts! Thanks for helping!!
BAA's Admitted Student and Family Orientation- Thursday March 15, 6-8 pm at BAA. We look forward to seeing you there!
the yankees arent the only team in the world man gotta open your horizons
Once again....I have my own apt, my own car, Im certified, and working on my own job...what part of independent dont they get?
and don't forget the one in SF!
Such a cutie right??(:
can't play now out and about. Will be on later. What's ur psn?
ha ha believe me, I know. I was struggling to keep up and y'all were sitting pretty up there. *shakes fist* ;)
That also factors in the shrapnel backlash of the Bush Administration as well.
"Create your own" 6 pack + little bit of finance homework + Brewers baseball = solid, yet productive Friday night.
When software eats everything and every company is a software company, strategy follows data.
oh, i thought you meant you slept ALL day and just woke up at 6pm today!
Less than ten minutes to support 's Zero Hour program! Go, go gadget dialing fingers: 414 799 1917!
I love visits from so much! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><U+2764>
I nominate for a Shorty Award in #football because of #theleg!!!
me personally I'd say MIAMI VICE - but I'm in the minority due to everyone else's being wrong
I know! I folded like a steak quesadilla...I forgot to hit a lot of ppl up! :(
thank you i love you
. And lo, students & administrators collaborated w/creativity inherent to overwork and procrastination:
Is it really all that great without me? I really want to know. Was it really that easy to forget me?
Even back in the 1960s, I would ask the poster artists, “Hey, aren’t you going to put the year on there?” Sam
we also gotta pray she stops using lOl that looks like a plate and silverware next to it
Vocally revisionist priest spends the afternoon and evening helping to feed 150 homeless men
RT : SIMPLY PUT: "Success begins with can failure begins with can't"
Yoo brotha hope you have a happy birthday!
its not : Oh My God Becky , Look At Her Butt ... Tunechi . Itz : Oh My God Mikey , Look At Your Abs ... SEXYY !
ah thanks
that far away? mine is everywhere, I look in the mirror and get amused sometimes
I'm excited too.
#1DonICARLY #IGoOneDirection Go Gibby omfg Harry Sam and Zayn. Loved iCarly so funny and best episode ever!!! I love the boys
Same here RT : Blessed! I forgot I got paid today....mainly cuz all my bills are paid and NO more carnote! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Usually, yes. Considered doing it this morning, then considered again. Getting the rhythm is key.
I would too bro. But he isn't a premier passer. He will get 2-6 Assists and that isnt enough to make up for his efficiencies as a
Thanks:)) What a catchy tune
Thanks for this - good read! Bonus: a 1/2 page written in German - I need the practice!
I'm really sorry, the Houston date didn't work out.
omg you would be dying right now...there are huge posters of Marky Mark in Contrabande which opens here next week, lol
I believe what my creator believes.
RT : we need an #edcamp music ed unconference soon!!
Congratulations Toronto Pearson Intl Airport! You've won my contest for the most chaotic traveling experience ever.
Is that what it suggests? Or that I don't have a smartphone? I like to think I've got a healthy work-life balance. ;-)
<U+200E><U+200B>Divine's Roller Promo-Recommend f/ acne scar/stretchmark.Skin Matrix Roller Package only 1.700 K IDR incl 5x Roller+acne/firming serum.
I am in town, working & available anytime. I prefer climbing by bicycle but rock climbing seems to be fun!
Thank you so much means the world to us!
Great day in Orange County talking about the importance of life-long learning & personal development. Never stop working... on yourself!
Oh snow flurries in the A. I can count the snowflakes. 1, 2, 3, 4 ... awww, it's over.
yep shww did
Thanks louis! <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
ATL - Thursday night 7p - 10p. Be for karaoke and spoken word. You WILL have a great time. Guaranteed!
Tnx for the follows and mentions!
Thank you all so much for making this an amazing birthday!!! Love, Gil
Thanks for the follow John. We love #Colorado and #Startups. Hope you're well.
I saw a pic of you writing "SLAYER!!! on some kid's arm. You fiend!!
Shaving your legs with no soap or shaving cream #notagoodidea.. Legs are burning!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
I just had the longest day of the last 2 months. Life sucks so bad sometimes
#sljsummit transliteracy: inquiry-centered engagement with information in all its forms & creative production of knowledge & understanding.
#SAVOR 2012 is in 50 days. I guess I should start preparing. What's that you say? It's ? Perfect
To prevent future issues like it, yeah, it does need to be seen.
Three....three people....three people dead and many more after watching such a stupid film!
you should follow & tweet me because yolo.
Me and my bros will be at Society NightClub shutting down pdx tonight.
4 EYED REDHEADED JEW
Game time! After one no score.
IMA program is the way to go then. I'll hopefully be locked in a slot by Dec. I'm over them, but expect to go over once more
where you at
RIP Earl, I'm going pick all night in your honor
Great day w/ my folks in Austin for surprise visit! patio chatting > coffee at Mozarts > dinner at Mandola's > peacock watching > Flipnotics
paul walker aiint bad lookin at all
..themselves." Yup.
I hope you feel beyer and I hope the storm isn't that bad...
it's my birthday... Lololol even though you'll never see this
We are working on a website for HelpALibrarian to make it easier to submit questions to the group. It should be ready in Sept!
I think we have to work smarter. Alwarys having to prove that we know what we are doing and what we are talking about
I forgot what 7am in NYC was like...such interesting people.
I miss you so bad.
I gotta go to work in da morning smh
Alas, after a certain age every man is responsible for his face. Albert Camus
Hahaha!! That's so wrong!!
Is the caffeine still in effect? I know the 60-degree day is over :)
Good morning everyone(:
I hate that fag !
will be cheering runners on from a water station - thanks!
More on survey fatigue... mentioned in the article was Satisfaction: A Behavioral Perspective on the Consumer” (McGraw Hill, 1996).
18+ tonight! and you got you on the list! RT : Put me on! What's the age?
I think I had one too many vodka and coke drinks... But they are so good!!!!
“: All the shit you put me through and I still care about you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>” story of my life!
hey bitch
need Twitter Facebook YouTube or Reverb promotions? contact phone/email [ 916 877 4676 | ]
haha it's kind of true!
cameras stay loaded and charged!!!
hopefully! And you better get a 100 on yours too! Yours is so good! She should like give you extra points since it's naill :)
if I ever had a chance to meet I'd probably freak out at first,but than you'd get to know that I'm the awkwardest person alive
Happy New Year! Go for merch! Get out of the cold!
I now have an android. I have stepped to the dark force of smartphone. #new era
People frustrate me!!!!
haha, well yeah...
Jermaine getting kicked off for that reason is total bullshit. American Idol, that's YOUR loss, not his!
Let&#39;s Make A Deal: How Parents Can Make the Most of Their Money
March Madness in full effect!
tmw is TODAY!! Can you PLEEAAASSSEEE tell us the deta
#earlyrelease today.....#kids are home already.
why cant I retweet your tweet?
Idk where steves been... females i know been thinkin like a man.. or tryin to at least! Lol
Most beautiful hour of the morning.
At work ugh working at mcds
"Money is the ROOT of all evil!" Do you believe that statement is true?
Sixth Suggestion, Pick an evening or rainy Saturday afternoon where you can spend two hours together watching a movie or cuddling together.
wanna do a triathalon...#ambitious?
I #miss first grade when losing your teeth was considered
Janelle I'm sorry about Jacob
love your name!
totally brought up your awesome job search w/ my loyola students 2nite. Needless to say...I think they were impressed!
Catwoman could totally get in there though! Watch out for supervillain burglars!
-- ask jackie where she got the magic raspberry ketones
Stop by booth 426 at #ASCD12 at 2:35pm for a chance to win a Kindle Fire and learn about the partnership with Total Reader.
#IWonderIf you would follow me if you saw this .<3
just got our Home Opener Tickets!!
I don't have an attitude problem. I have an attitude that you have a problem with
if Manning burns us ... My hate for him will go unmatched
alot of people are in the same position now
I wanna play twister
Turns out school didnt burn overnight :'(. Someone did my Research Project :D Loving life noww
#fridaylistens Undone by Karin Slaughter - enjoying getting to know the characters.
I love having clean clothes, but hate doing laundry :/
Like I was just standing in line behind her & I had 2 F21 bags cause I was holding 1 for my sister. I also had alot of money in my (c)
Thnx2mydad 4 buying me a ferrari, hiring someone 2 read me the newspaper & having Nike design my own pair of kix
Thanks for that. I do think books are wonderful, and obviously you agree. What kind of stuff do you write?
my style inspiration is !!! Her style is so girly and pink and i love it!!! :)
model figure or not tho, everyone should be happy in their own skin,
he saw a pig fly RT : im bout to completely cut drugs and drinking out of my life... officially
Thank you for the RT on #pdxmayor poll.
Feelin this new Brandy song<U+2764>her.
Follow back fam
yup, true
RT some girls are so bitchy! grow the fuck up and learn not to say bad things about people. AGREED!
hahah u are cute by no
Interviews: e-mail following phone or face-to-face interview is key. Dont just say thank you, be specific on your qualifications, interest.
wats good bro
Who has a top hat i can use for this video!?
#thoughtsduringschool when does this class get out? *looks at time every 5 minutes*
you are officially back in the friendship circle of trust.
this season of the #BiggestLoser should be called the Biggest Babies. Final five are pathetic, ungrateful
How awesome! I hope so! Best of luck in whatever it is.
Cheers! xo
Email me: Esther at outside dot in, I'll explain.
Employ or Destroy.
Can't sleep smh
After a week of command line battles, I have brew and node.js finally built and running. It's a crazy new world.
Happy Hump Day! Tune in to the TJMS until 10am to help you get through the morning. Only on 106.7 WTLC!
you should follow your #GIRLFRIEND right? Hahaha :)
Who watched the All Star game last night?
That is cool
RT "if at first the idea is not absurd, then there is no hope for it" - Albert Einstein
Nice one too! RT : Just gave a lightning talk to about CouchDB + PhoneGap = CouchGaps
Too much driving
Thanks--just did that. Will see.
It's too cold <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
let's fuck..
did you buy that fish sauce in tally? If so, where?
i am really good at overthinking everything!
Confession18: i dont like girls with a nasty attitude because it makes them look unattractive
Goodnight folks! Busy few days ahead
Bad Afternoon. I blame stupid Matthew
He can sing x she can too!!!(:
RT : "This isn’t about giving Democrats or Republicans a win. This is about giving people who are hurting a win."
glad you enjoyed it!
- it was unbelievably good!
hey! :) We drove some cool new GM products at the Texas Auto Roundup! We'll have some good reviews hitting soon enough.
Amen! A majority of the malls here stink though
RT : I LOVE them! Are they really coming to Jack Rabbits?>>Got ALL their CD's
not quite i'm on the prowl <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0080>
I wanna break out, I need a way out!!!!!!
at the party....
Dear Karma, I have a list of people you missed.
Check out Lopez Tonight as he talks to Anne Hathaway about making coming out 4/15. Check out the movie, and come to the museum!
Ha, knew I was doing it wrong. So P&R lots are cool for a few days? Just need a spot somewhere for 4 nights along the hwy.
Doesn't matter. You're still abusing tax payer dollars by watching public programming.
#metoobitch let's be self-destructive together. The wreckage would be huger.
Yes he's a keeper. ;)
oh okay I remember u bro we rode the same bus u know my brother luis
Ugh, yes! So close to being done but it's hanging on. Haven't really been resting :)
Confirmed a show with "No means No" in the Uptown Oakland sep 17th!
I hate it when a women says she is closed, now what are we to do with our need for expression :)
If there is anything that I've learned in life is that, 'they always come back.'
Thanks Annabelle for the follow!
I hear ya girl, I hear ya
I love your android app! Whens the desktop and web app coming? Can't wait to soak in that awesomeness!
Not over the top at all :) My bday is May 31
e! It's gonna be lovely! We should find somewhere we can go out dancing! :)
has everyone checked our site www.desertdogdiving.com or liked our fb page? Please take a look and follow our adventures
I love how Ron Paul is ending the "active" campaign but is still actively F'ing with Romney using delegates.
Tim Duncan is still in the game. The Spurs might not need him much longer. The Spurs lead the Blazers 80-59 with 4:01 left in the third qt.
Robin m henig. Danger of framing science as something you 'believe' or 'not believe.'
my cat just shredded/chewed 70 plus hours of research notes. Seriously! Arrgggghhh!
#whitney, shocking and sad. I most hate this inbtwn part of speculation where they bring up all the bad w/o celebrating her greatness
The screams coming from the studio tomorrow will hopefully bring the Fuzz...that means our screamers have done their jobs well!!
#FF to ! Where it's going to get weird tonight with #roblokos, Chi Teas & Bellinis for my 23rd bday. Come down & join me!!
The best thing is that you got to see him , And he remembers you and your sister So dont be sad be happy {:
#3DAYS until boyfriend. :)) I seriously don't think I can wait.
I love the podcasts. Keep up the great work. Talking points will be sent.
ahh cool!! I have played all positions. :P I used to pitch.
| YW! Thanks for the quick follow back! It was all because of for saying how great your business is!
Boobs< It's whats for dinner!
Dave! You are awake. I bet u and Q had a night!
Brand worthy style maverick!
Thx for the FF, John! Have a wonderful weekend!
When I'd go to clubs, I spent half the time texting people who weren't there. Eventually I realized I could just send those texts from home.
way to go kid! love it when pitchers go yard
I think a gallery cat would be awesome.
#nowsmoking La Palina Pasha from the Family Series @ Signature Cigars
New Episode with should be up in the next hour or so.
I have the best boyfriend ever. <3
If you want something done right just do it yourself.
no you ask girly
Spotify: check it out. It's legit
headed to teach a Hip-Hop dance class in Oakland, CA !!
What is becoming of our #youth when you can't even #multitask across #socialnetworks - I do it always - even now, lol
Some dumb #Rockies fans out there. #dbacks pitchers last name is Miley and fans are chanting Miley Cyrus.
the domi face is legit! :D lololol
I am never miss it.
I love it short.. makes you FEISTY!! =) life's great... how about yourself.. you still in phx?
I want to marry Rihanna
I think i found the guy who took my ipod and hes my friend but he wont let me see to check if its mine or not...im gonna cry :"(
Anyone want to start the 15/30 mix at early? I'm here playing some omahahahahaha
Very good! I'm expecting the greatest this week! How's ATL?
This alkaline water blessed me and with is definitely gonna have to stay on deck.
Dissecting a pickle in 8th period.
what time??
I will not get sick. I will not get sick. I will not…
i loved him so much.
It's a thrill to watch art history unfold before you & actively participate. And seeing art that has been made in-&-of it's time, our time.
I hear that! We use tape over the speaker holes!!! Planning any local meet ups?
let me know when u get there of they're still running and races are on time
there's totally time to get to california. for lunch. I mean, why not?
I think I'm going to be live tweeting #Birdemic here.
Yeah, Dave! #TheFrozenGround is such a cool film. Let's make it sound great!
It's earmark day: deadline for House members to post earmark requests before submitting them to the Appropriations Committees.
Am digging these new savings deals when you tweet with #AmexZappos #AmexTix50 Ya'll should sync and save, too!
First nascar experience of my life..... I'm so redneck, I loved it!!
that's true.
I'm #GRAND But When People Get Me Mad , It'sWorld War 3 .
Hey ive been playing on TMV for a while and i was wondering if i could become a MOD? my user name is ERIKAVANITY
Happy family life means personal compromises without keeping score
": If she stays with you through the worst, then she'll love you till the end.."
Extremely limited time offer -- Cyber Monday holiday 6-pack: bit.ly/vnqBk9
#DASER Borgia gives background info about sexual selection -- it involves 2 elements male-male competition & female choice (mostly accepted)
I know. I saw that on FB this morning. I knew we had a special connection :)
Art is highly subjective and yet we cannot feel from listening to Kenny G for a whole year what Louie Armstrong does in a second.
Huge line at the post office.
After being pregnant, I can fully appreciate how maddening it is when men pontificate on pregnancy, bc, etc.
we gotta skype very soon
I think Kreider has more goals from the top of the circles out in these playoffs than he did all season at BC.
Interesting how the roles have been reversed...
no Albert This is just what good offenses look like. But I don't blame you, you haven't seen one since you were at JMU
RT : full list is on WEDpinning{dot}com but our favs are
: Thanks for featuring us in this month's issue of Craze!
I aint even have the bread to fly back right now....It was so sudden ... Im to fucked up about this whole situation bro
Follow me I love fitness; I am the princess of swim & gym!! And I started Julie Berman on "GH" was her agent
yes, I have thought about this a lot. There's no easy answer. Sometimes I feel I need to protect students from themselves.
Sorry 1st visit: Great Ambiance, loved the peanut shells on floor Service=AMAZING, but burgers/food didn't live up to the hype
Also: 'How big are the windows? We're shopping for drapes' RT : Inbox: ABC News Exclusive: Romney Tells Obama to 'Start Packing'
So true! It's an investment in a new business. Start ups don't blow up overnight.
- The 2 songs I've heard sound terrible to me. Maybe I need to listen again.
Go follow asap his tweets just make my day :-)
I don't know but you may blow bubbles if you fart!
all kinds of yes to the new pic
while you're at the domes ask why they didn't turn on MU colors last night. Was supposed to shoot that.
I see that hand going up. and takeover of AJAX class in 5...4...3...2...1...
yep, food, labor, food deserts, and other topics. Pretty interesting stuff
it has to be against my religion to be going to school today and tomorrow. can the pope write doctors notes?
Thank you Jesus for everything you have done
I like that. True.
Nice town, Littleton...I used to work across the road from the Arapahoe County building...is the mexican restaurant there ?
I checked my email again. You failed :P
That's pretty awesome.
We are the "Restaurant Bucket List" app, so we perk up when people say our name. Enjoy!
This makes me want to have my own child.
while (i<4)
halfway through a box of samoas and it's only 9:45 a.m.
speaking of Romine we don't know how he is doing with recovery from back injury
Make sure to pay closer attention to speed signs and help save your life and other<U+0092>s lives as well
I just saw the nod DancePlus Fall got in the December issue of Dance Magazine- so cool!
RT: "Loved seeing senior graphic designers work!! Congrats! I love my #art #community!"
Oh, I'm raising it!
went to the Bulls game!! BULLS kicked butt! Beat Golden State by 30 point! GO BULLS
See ! This is what I mean lmao .
we're coming to CSA on May for 5 nights. Is there anyway we can make dinner reservations early since were short on time?
J-Lo's performance in american idol was great. Those dancers bodies>>>>>
ah s***. Sorry to hear. A sprain or tears? I sent a few dms did u get those? Twitter has been dumb
Does hip hop HATE women?! TONIGHT THURSDAY MARCH 18TH 7pm McGuinn 121-- come see what Bakari Kitwana has to say about it!
Sidney Crosby's back tonight. The over/under on time it takes for him to be back out of the lineup is set at 1.5 periods.
so true!
Common sense isn't a given...
I'll be there too :)
"The Lord is the everlasting God, the Creator of the ends of the earth. He does not faint or grow weary; His understanding is unsearchable."
okay, brb, 15 minutes!
Many are just online pretenders or Munch show offs. Community takes on many different meanings.
Another high rise fire in the South Loop sends one woman to the hospital and others out in the cold.
I was actually 9... (I keep thinking it's already been 20 years) But still.... They make me feel old. Lol I'm happt o find..
So, Monkey Tuesday is now observed on Sunday? Good to know.
Anyone else in S FL loose service on their IPhone?
Welcome home!
. Trend 4 - expanding digitization. You've got to go beyond "just" digitization. Digitization is just step one.
#Stop It
Welcome to Printed Silk Fabrics' fan page! Thank you all for liking our page, Amy Hines Staton, Ducusin Nieves D, and Robin Redmon Dreyer!
Wow! Thanks for the great list of WWP Seminars. And for the #nitlesym tweets.
Great to see you in St Louis. Thanks for the jig!
What? And suits are never overrated.
": RT : i Don't Really Care for females claiming they freaky but dont suck dick > [Truth]
she was a huge inspiration to me......love you on house of anubis
I don't believe I've ever used the phrase 'via whom' before...
Happy New Year to everyone! Be happy and thankful for what you have achieved & go for more :)
We are sorry for any inconvenience this has caused our customers. Updates to be posted once more info is avail. Thank you for your patience
Sitting here listening to Alison Davis on 7 trends of world communication.
Got the 'ol in the mail yesterday first stop The Club, second stop the slopes?
I love
HELP A BRO OUT lol
sweet! hey, do you know destorm?
cause your evil.
This pinched nerve in my neck is making my morning long and difficult... long... and... difficult...
ESPN time to look for the two Laker highlights from tonight to lead Sportcenter. Give OKC some credit for once.
lol Ohio State is "trending" ;)
LMAO agreed. Some ok moments in the 1st half, total sackage for the rest.
that is true, look at Pierce. Still, sadly it's time is running out
Is the game being aired on TV!!!!
We'd definitely like to reach out to all the artist in the Fulton Market area that have moved in recently to participate!
I really don't give a fuck about hearing what you have to say. If I wanted your input I would have scrapped it off ya bitches zipper
I'll bring some...
spring break for me was surprisingly good:)
You left behind a biscuit? FOR SHAME.
I drew your name to pick me up at the airport Monday night. Congratulations , you can drive my car.
Also saw quite a few UO football players there. Confirmation that they don't just smoke weed all the time...
HAPPY FRIDAY!
Leadership development is a focus for extended leadership team and part of metrics to measure success and culture.
did you wet yourself? :P
RT : Jim Carrey would write Tupac funny letters while he was in prison to help make him smile.
yea! though #springofreunion doesn't have the same ring to it as #summerofpromise cc
New day =]
The weather is beautiful, the lawn is mowed. This can only mean one thing...BOCCE SEASON IS HERE!
cool! today i am going to my Great Grandma's house, and tomorrow my Grandma's house!! :)
Your new twitter background looks amazing ! An eye opener in a fabulous way!
ND = Neutral Density & GD = Gradient Density filters.
Bringing her some hash muffins. And she's going to stop taking the handful of pills our health system has prescribed to her.
1 person in Kansas won It all
oh boy sounds delic!!! How do you smoke your own bacon!?
She said it, boom! RT : > is funny....that is all.
texting Dustin. <3 can you say perfect?
Haha and please don't call from the restroom...
It's a rainy Tuesday, I didn't get much sleep last night, and I have to work today. So why am so optimistic today?
“: Not so fast, Canzano is ready to report that your show has been sold to the Timbers.” LOL
planning what i am gonna send u soon! Get ready :D
So goodnight beautiful people <3
Just know that you got schooled by the hallucinating and discombobulated yet EXTREMELY zealous version of me.
You never find yourself until you face the truth.
S/O to all the ppl over at KNON 89.3 FM putting it down!!! Live party with them and II KOLD SYNDICATE River this coming SATURDAY!!
I'll be a freshman a week from now :))
I love you :) do you have a kik? 'Cause we should totally talk there! :)
AH!! BEST. NIGHT. EVER. Omg can't thank enough for performing at 's concert! Finally, saw the biebs in person!
Romney, in his impromptu comedy routine, says that the #TeaParty can attract the Latino vote by appealing to the reasons that #CNNTeaParty +
The game has a graceful, athletic, ballet-like beauty and an extraordinary history of heart and drama.
have a lovely weekend my friend!
lol more like reality. the truth!! and how old are you because im deffinitly older! :)
Joe said we will b w/ about 60 cops/firefighters on St Pattys Day. IDK if that is a good or bad thing LOL
it look like you was really pissing off!
Come brave the snow and warm up with Cha Cha Tea samples from 11-12:30 tomorrow at The Kitchen Gallery!
Peace g.
Check back here tomorrow at One o' clock!!!! :D
Nevermind, I figured it out. This is really cool.
No problem, Chris! Happy to connect with fellow Coloradans! Good luck with the music ;-)
My new greeting as I work the room: "I see you! I SEE YOU!"*AVATAR meets VEEP!* ..works when u're busy & need peeps 2feel loved-(ish)! lol!
I'll be up there from Sunday to Tuesday.....bucko is coming home for the week. He should be there tonight sometime
O i want one do they have mindless behavior iPod touch cases
Officially addicted to RedBull. I can't seem to make it through the day without one (it's a nap in a can).
eating disorders are much more serious than people believe. for support and to raise awareness follow us to help spread the word and love!
And that's how you atone right there. Jameer w a hard drive, layup +1. all of a sudden we have a tie game. TO #Pacers, building rocking.
Today 1995: Scott Paper and Kimberly-Clark merge, creating a Fortune 100 global consumer products company.
Patrick Swayze died?
Over 75% of girls report experiencing orgasm through oral sex, compared to about 25% through sexual intercourse.
and don't forgot Idaho... RT : The Republican Party is very diverse. There's white people in their 50s, 60s and 70s.
that is so amazing! So happy to hear that! :D
#BBMA can't wait til Sunday
“ Omg omg omg finally! But of course that snitch would be there #Revenge”
been listening to it all morning :p
So the best movie on the planet is the avengers mhm I believe so
Listening to NJATA God Nick is amazing. :)
Don't challenge Kubes!
Beavis and Butthead is set to return this fall on MTV. But how can they rip music videos on a station that doesn't even play music?
This Cinco de Mayo, celebrate by inviting me to do fun stuff
I want the movie rights to the colorful hoboes story!
RT : Congrats to our #griefreliefteam members who ran #parkwayclassic yesterday! Every mile you finished will...
Vertical mobile layouts received a 64% higher CTR
Chris Doleman with 150 Sacks and No Rings. Charles Haley 100 sacks and 5 Super Bowl Rings. Who would you pick?
On my way to HQ in Boston for National Executive Leadership Conference. Looking forward to seeing friends from our network.
Doing well! Stay busy teaching & yard work. Also playing basketball getting ready 4 alum/faculty game! ;-)
Glad my #Dodgers are playing the #Pirates. Visiting my family in WV & can watch them on TV. Go Blue!
I bought 5 gallons a few weeks ago (buy 2 get 3 free) and then my freezer broke! Ridiculous on all levels.
Hey guys, the show we're playing is outside of Pittsburgh in Lyndora, PA, do you know where that is?
Thanks for the RT!
Too cute! Happy birthday, handsome boy!
R.I.P. Dick Clark
Lost kitty found. Crisis averted. He's feeling very smug for having evaded me AND gotten extra fish out of the deal. I'm feeling traumatized
Tonight's Blazers win is so huge. It is a lesson to be learned that confidence is everything. Everything. In sports. In life.
If shes amazing, she wont be easy. If shes easy, she wont be amazing. If shes worth it, you wont give up. If you give up, you're not worthy.
How odd, 7-Eleven adds low-cal Slurpee to it's line up, adds low-cal jobs to
RT : I'm thinking of becoming a vegan.
Four innings complete here in Monroe and the Cheese lead 2-1 v Edgewood in softball
Celeb pix: John Cusack gets bird at 'Raven' premiere - News in photos
Glad you enjoyed the chicken & waffles ... and the view!
To amok w/ Molly. Comics!
so true Louise! Re:Hemingway
My husband says it's all playing out how she planned. All she wants is a book deal. A scandal is a gr8 way to get one.
More than ever, I'm convinced that joy is a natural byproduct of gratitude. It's one of God's best (& most mysterious) promises.
Same here, darling! Join the club.
Somebody at figured out I'm an über Star Trek TNG Fan — Just received the new Blu-ray TNG - I'll watch tonight & tweet my thoughts.
thank you. Meantime back at Zuccotti the crowd is still searching for consensus...
Do you have a link to a story about this? More info please!
haha yeah were the losers..
IM CRYING REALIZING I HAVE THE KEY TO LARRY. thanks to dont worry chicka i wont tell a soul.
agreed! melissa mcarthy was in an unfortunate creation. have fun compiling.
Oh, what a comeback.
Just got word & go ahead to start giving away Mc Donald's Shamrock shakes ... more details coming soon!
Nice pick!
RT : Tonight is the tap takeover starting tonight at 5pm!
Congrats to Collin with the first goal of the evening. We at #SportingKC have all taken our shirts off in support of him.
This is incredible though where we are headed SI fans! Keep this up! We r gonna live this dream TOGETHER. It is OUR DREAM
Saw FOOTLOOSE the other night and LOVED it. Nice blend of new story and sweet nods to the original. Well done sir.
Fake ass you are.. Say it directly to me!
Happy Hump Day! That is all.
I wonder if people realize that between hashtags, links, and other people's quotes, they're showing absolutely no personality?
"Does a mall babe eat chili fries?" -Jubilee, X-Men the animated series.
You know life is bleak when you're googling "lentil walnut loaf recipe." Yes, my husband's glad he's out of town.
I can't stand the Canadiens
hey you're welcome - hope you're having an awesome weekend.
Green Tip: Laundry Detergent: Add ½ cup washing soda and ½ cup of Borax as water is filling add clothes. Cleans & Deodorizes!
Impressing me today for sure! Jealous of my two friends who live in NY and went to the game.
up early on this good easter day finna be out to raleigh soon no recordin til i get back -.-
wait until college when you have to wake up at 5am for morning conditioning.
haha no worries
looking for some dumbbells can anyone help a brotha out
can i just be in your bed right now?
I think I'm only glued to it because of Megan fox <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D> otherwise it's weird....
my roommate is making us watch the end of the All-Star game & it is killing me! want to see what everybody is tweeting about
I'm joining good company
and a howdy do to you too! ;)
Just a reminder all clubs will be closed on Sunday, April 8th, 2012 in observance of Easter. We look forward to seeing you Monday morning!
Thanks for the #FF!
i have to sleep . i can't stay up any longer.
Can't wait for this day to end so and I can start our cape cod weekend!!
If you milk it, he will cum.
Re #UK: Look, I'm not saying they're all coming back, I'm just saying it's not often ppl hold a press conference to announce what's expected
Oh l'Amour is over-rated. A Little Respect gets better and better.
Tattoo time
If anybody else needs the email with the details for Sneaks Up mixtape 6... hit me up with an email Address...
Momentum... It's a beautiful thing.
If you haven't been to the Santa Fe Cafe in Calabasas.....you're lame. It's pretty amazing.
Check it out! Newbury St Coffee is located right inside of Berryline's Newbury location.
Going to the gym!
Want real-time #nascar?
Just came back from the concert...And when I got home my mom made me some bomb ass enchilidas...
Thanks for the follow, Marty!
texting you nowww :)
“: Ok! I'll grab the blender! RT : it's dubstep time!!!” GREAT! Bring #bls with you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
This nigga jake just made the soft people cry out of they armpits lmao
Dennis Ross about to give closing keynote at Harvard Kennedy School.
I saw your post about having 21 Spotify invites and just assumed you were trying to get rid of them, haha.
So far I'm killing this captain's course. Can't get cocky though, it's still pretty easy to fail.
what's the matter?
Here's hoping for a better tomorrow.
Just slept for eleven and a half hours. Holy shit.
the Canucks show life, riots on hold, for now anyway.
Easter is here and I am forgiven. But have a feeling like I am going to need more then that soon. It is good He is here.
Hell Yeah! Can't wait to see another great fight from canelo and !
I'm going to need the men in my life to not plan things on the same day. it isn't fair.
what non-profit are you working for?
Thanks! RT : So important to make time (&space!) to read for fun. Kids literally practice what they learn in school...
hey Ariana I love watching you on Victorious!!!!!
Ugh. Cee Lo Green: Making Madonna look talented and normal since five minutes ago.
Paddy Harrington takes the early Masters lead, Tiger waits in the wings to attack a soft golf course. Time to get fired up.
Ha, yep.
This bitch drive like she got no sense. Lmfao if I die find her
*facepalm* LOL You said you were a TNA mark just a couple weeks ago you hater sheep.
Thanks and you guys rock. First one to rewtweet this gets a free shirt and Lazer!
Are they serious?
Enthusiasm is contagious. Why not start an epidemic?
Thanks for following Tell your friends!
is she your gf???
With a green U-Swirl VIP keychain! We're going to run a contest today, so be on the look out for how to win one!
Kinda hungry... What to eat lots of things to chose from... Oreos yumm
You are missed too....and if you are traveling anywhere close, we can always make a short roadtrip.
good stuff! caught a good amount of your games :)
haha I wish! But yeah we're on vacation in California for the week soo hurry and get on a plane! :D
hahah didn't even know there was another one.
Is trolling us? He *is* from Bremerton, you know.
#BabyGirl u know my situation!
I will look at show and see if im ont it
at this point I just want a position. So if it wouldn't really help that's good to know
go to sleep...go to sleepp...go to sleep little pregnant bean....
Merry Christmas, Happy Hanukkah and season's greetings to all. Have a safe and happy day everyone!
Looking for a gig. I NEED to sing somewhere today!
this one boring Friday....for now !
o lol bye
Ugh. My muse has deserted me. Can I borrow someone else's please?
I haven't heard an ice cream truck in this neighborhood in a while. I thought they were all too scared to venture in to the "hood."
Want to get away from all this snow? I know I do! Come to tonight with us! Get your tickets in the CLSI today from now until 4
is building partnerships in Hell's Kitchen.
Arsenal must have got Spurs news, they score at 5'
Planning my vacation. I know they're called the Virgin Islands, but they still do oral and anal right?
Don't worry...I'm taking something for it...(although I get a waiver - 10 year old daughter)
wish that file permissions were really persimmons
Bledsoe just blocked the mess outta gay.
on train stuck@ table w 2 drinkin dweebs (term carefully chosen) dweebily giggling as they see boogie nights for the 1st time ever.
.... Tonight might be the end of both our lives if you go to sleep happy and a tornado comes =0 =0
I'm crazy thats the reason I've got talent.
Wow, really?! What takes you to #NAMM Yep, I'm totally going to be there. Look forward to seeing you there!
twitter!!!!! i dont know wat to say
Going to bed, so I can wake up with She's so fortunate its not the opposite! 6:45a!
Frantically working to get mailout done, then remembered postoffice is closed...good we can laugh at ourselves :)
they bout that life, I'm bout that life... yes we is, yes we is!!!
what do you think about the activison blizzard stock?
The shows this weekend went great! Nice just to play acoustic sometimes.
half a gold star?
Love ur tattoo! :)
He didn't say there were no explosions, he only said he got it installed.
Porter Airlines-Sun-Times TIFF contest: text Porter27 to 20101 for a chance to win a weekend at the Toronto Film Festival!
We should still have some Friday, and at least part of Saturday.
omg same here. and ikr
Anyone else out there a bit tired? It's been a good week, but a long one (and there's still Saturday for this small business owner!)
The very winds whispered in soothingaccents, and maternal Nature bade me weep no more
Hot cup of tea with honey then bed...
haha yes, you should
Hi Gill - thanks for following Better Wine Guide, now following you too!
jesus christ if i never read the words "urethra rod" again in my life i'll die happy
140 characters walked into a bar and they were all tweeted very nicely.
Looking to hire - how do I list on the job list?
Matthieu: walters got grant to digitize Flemish mss, inc. 80 livres d'heures. Creative commons. Start December. Best
Some times u jus have to press the refresh button! Life! YE
#PrayForSeanKingston Anyone dumb enough to hit a bridge while riding a jet ski needs all the prayers they can get..
That's cool...I can definitely dig that, same here.
Go Follow Me On Twitter !
I'm looking for ways to get to NYC for memorial to hang with someone last minute
Well, if others won't thank you, please allow me. Thank you! Thanks for doing what you do. Keep on being great. Cheers!
we provide online yoga for corporates... if that helps :)
Personally you can't do it?? I heard the actual rule about two years is only a rumor!
Check out our Twitpics for amazing photos of our products! Have an Awesome Day!
Why does it come down to Ms. Clinton changing her hairstyle to get front page space--so sad. What about her global impact?
It's key to visit the dentist at least twice per year.! Make an appointment today 858-622-1400
good job @ QP today! Was there in spirit. #wedontdowalkingaway #watp<f0><U+009F><U+0087><U+00AC><f0><U+009F><U+0087><U+00A7>
no. That tweet was from my iPod. Stupid.
": Anytime I see a guy with Denver Broncos gear on I wanted to stop and give him a high-five! Let's Go!!!!!" lets go big Al!
Website issues all day. TGIF !!
I'm also a Unity rep
BUZZ, now available in Chinese e-book. If you can read Chinese, read some of the reviews ... in Chinese, of course.
you must ate the worm
You were just a small bump unborn for four months then torn from life. Maybe you were needed up there, but we're still unaware as why.
Cant wait to move out. im so done being here.
Getting a few extra <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4> tonight
#YouCuteAndAllBut your personality Is ugly
how're my tweeps doing tonite?
A phony smile stresses the face muscles more than a genuine smile, because you have to work harder at lying.
yes. hog or no hog
I LOVE STORMS !!! :D
RT : About to join chat2lrn for the next hour. Chatting about Measurement. Please excuse all the tweets.
I pray that everything is ok with you. thinking about ya<333
Thats Good And Your Welcome!!!
can't wait to jump into your arms
Don't go broke trying to look RICH.. Act your wage
Lmao the acting is always so terrible.
can we be friends or....? You're like that male version of me. Omg.
Pleaze be sure to listen to my and my bros music video supra-My Dreams Are our Dreams..on youtube.We're twin Rappers..pleaze check it out!
"sort of objectively true": someone somewhere at some time probably agrees that this is the same as fact.
“ #ItsTooEarly for a lot of things LOVE isn't one of them.”
Mark Nelsen just said it's 73 degrees in Rapid City, SD... it was NEVER that warm in the winter when I lived there!
i agree
Team name ideas anyone?! THink I'll go practice my putt skills this afternoon.
#OFAtraining guru kicks off #Fellows2012 in Richmond
Happy Thanksgiving from DFG Final Fantasy Recordings
Wait a minute, Private Practice is still on the air?
Tell somebody u love them b4 bedtime... Love yall!
you know im just sayin
you are awesome! Servers also don't get paid a proper wage, tips are literally our paychecks
#US #WhiteHouse on #Syria veto: #Russia and #China gave #Assad license to kill.
Getting ready to hear 3 of the Republican Presidential candidates at the Faith and Freedom Coalition event in Pewaukee.
Congrats to the Wisconsin Timber Rattlers on a combined pitching no hitter!
It's $5.00 Monday! All films are a cool fiver tonight!
Waiting to hear from you #lonely <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B0>
If gophers become extinct, the hole ecosystem will die.
good I've been waiting to break it off ;D
#Metadata class presentations. The jokes are getting a little stale. Really, no need to make sex puns about metadata schemas. Sigh.
"public truthtelling" took me a while to find that one too. ps. I may or may not make it to class today...
/ New game cards will start up shortly. We are doing some maintenance on the beta site to improve performance.
well that sucks..there's no way to reset it or anything?
Your blessing saved me....
Great opportunity! Mentor a teen girl through a job shadow w/ 's College Readiness Program - (414) 265-7555 for more info.
THIS MY LIFE & I RUN IT EVEN WITH NO FEET!!!!
I warned our bartender friend to prepare for the apocalypse on Saturday
": The awkward moment when you realize you're wrong in an argument, but you keep arguing anyway."
John, Great to have you following. Hope to have you around again this year for the Comfort Food Classic!
yea I am haha
Every young man would do well to bear in mind that all profitable business stands on the foundation of morality.
;-P RT : Pete Krainik, Founder, is so good lookin. No other guy stands a chance when he's in the room!
I didn't get a chance to look at the price until you're tweet.. $150 is just stupid
To get experience, you have to get knocked around. Experience, if it doesn’t kill you, teaches you how to bounce back.-David J. Mahoney
becu, i love you, except when my laptop power supply is far away and i can't take out cash to bus there cuz you only snail mail PINs :/
same im so bored , i stayed in because i have no friends . jk but yeah ,
Instead of waiting four the storm to pass why dont you learn to dance in the rain? <3
Cuz were just two lost soul swimmin in a fishbowl year after year
it hurts but its true!
i really dont feel well
Looks like dufus Rick on #pawnstars is getting burnt on the D. Copperfield 1st Ed. HAHA.. I hope Old Man get his revenge on him!
NICE WORK on this week's cover of NEXT MAGAZINE! you look FANTASTIC! Happy opening night to Newsies!!
If my name was Miguel Torres I'd get so many more girls, but I'd also have the same name as a bunch of other dudes getting so many girls.
#CGbaseball ...man, I miss those guys!
Nba needs playoffs to start. End of seasoj is crawling...
'Segs in the City' Segway tours in DC, is it rly possible that no one has made this genius pun before?
Does this mean what I hope it means???? Winterhawks bound?? Please be true, you would make me one happy season tx holder
Any age! All nominees must have had or currently have
if it was only that simple
it's ok. Jus the way all djs hav the fatmanscoop drop.
SweetLove by Chris Brown (:
If today isn't the perfect day to stay in bed then I don't know what is.
Thanks for the Tweet!!
Thanks! Truxton Circle it is.
The LACMA Rock is finally in LA!
big shout out to my friends at Crossland rental
its thundering and pouring
#1 is "Girls Talkin Bout" ON THE COUNTDOWN!! ON KNEW THIS WAS GOIN TO HAPPEN!! congrats to Peace&Luv to MB<33
Made dinner for Ryan and my dad tonight. Homemade sloppy joes and Parmesan veggie sauté
Our manager loves you B-) (It's true, she's kinda obsessed. She flipped out as much as we did when you emailed us)
I hope you took my advice and took some time to pamper yourself. It was needed I believe :)
It is a well known fact that increasing penalties for infringement does not act as a deterrent.
When you have to come to school and take a final exam on Saturday morning a Friday just doesn't feel like a Friday.
I see it. Could be a Pixies deep cut if it had any sense of humor at all. But then that would ruin the song.
I'll give hamburger Mary's a 8 out of 10... I need to go back and try some more of those burgers though
Personally (this being Mike), I know some pretty demented people out there - so Choose Your Own Adventure and decide Brian's fate!
If TRULY loving sinners, yet hating #sin makes me a "liberal", then I gladly accept the label. #Love over Hate. Mercy over Condemnation.
On my way to pick up at the airport, had to have talent flown in for the tournament this weekend
On vacation in Florida. Told kids that news said beach was closed because of oil spill. "sounds like April Fools" they said.
This week is going by so fast.
Welcome to twitter !
C'mon Power! lets go!!!!
IF i go back to work, I will be on here alot less- at least when I am new to the job..
Joy is found not in finishing an activity but in doing it.
More people planning for the zombie apocalypse, this time at Julius Meinl on Southport.
You could just rent a cat for a while. js
On ferry to Lanai Wed when we heard a tsunami was coming from Fiji then the diesel filters plugged & we limped along @ 1/4 speed. Weird.
The uproar about Starbucks' use of bug-based food coloring is baseless. If you regularly drink Starbucks coffee you deserve to drink bugs.
Thanks for the article.
I loved the show tonight, especially the custom 1911. I think it's awesome that you helped with it!!
She f-ing throwing garbage tweets fuh me ......
Its hard out here for a pimp...and mad pressure for the powerful
For the times they are a-changin' -- been on Bob Dylan discovery mode lately, thanks
dude it sucks lol. When it starts getting to 113-115, you're home bound.
Hey you sometimes tell me u like my shirt when I wear a 1D shirt
#johnnie - having a ball in Chicago
i'm teaching the kid beastie 101 today. DID YOU KNOW LICENSE TO ILL ISN'T EXPLICIT? (guess who's keeping her job todaaaayyy?!)
I'll tell you tomorrow .
This shit is Bananas B.A.N.A.N.A.S!
where is everyone?
HA!! Beauty, brains & sense of humor is perfect combo in a woman! =D Plus, you love "squirrels"
Stressed out? Find a little humor somewhere - anywhere.
Hilarious. Change-of-email auto-response on infinite regress with #MeetUp default reply-all gives me great amusement.
looks like i MIGHT be moving to florida at da end of dis summer.
Congrats! Hope everything is goes level AWESOME in Boston!
Remember to take a break from the worries of life and #playfaithfully!
So thrilled you liked the new location!
Ahh my breath smells like Fruit and Alcohol.
Heading to bed....
Im not a "bieber freak" like i used to be.. But i must say the song 'down to earth' is an awesome song. Still 1 of my favorites of his work.
CSU was the 1st offer...surprised so many are late to the party. Hurst will be a very good D-I player.
Poised Creation would like to celebrate the great career of Elvis Presley! Rock and Roll!
so just made kissy faces at the screen when your tweet showed up. Just thought you should be aware of that.
Possibly no Tim Duncan tonite.
What a show!!!! I am so proud!!! I LOVE my actors!!!
Time for #thevoice, although it's hard to drag myself inside on this beautiful day!
That must have been tough. Thanks for sharing.
“: okay okay I'll do my best!” atta girl :)
Whenever I hear names like #DerrickBell & #ShirleyChisholm on a national television show, I feel hopeful
"Success is not a destination, its an everlasting journey that never ends."
The suggestion is that more $ is needed. That can either mean more racers or higher reg fees. Except...
haterz go on and hate..... ill pretend i give a fuck!!!!
Text "Sorry you spilled your chai latte" to 90999 to donate $1 to the victims of the U.S. East Coast earthquake.
At Darkroom - free drinks and food tonight - rock
Yay! So happy to see over 25,000 signatures on the petition for school libraries. Can't wait to see the White House's response...
i wanna be done with class for today....
Definitely have insomnia lol but good morning everyone
I'd go with Cedric
In Spain people sometimes put ads in newspapers looking to find other Jews R. Hillel Athias-Robles
too sweet!! Thanks...what a night that was :)
2012 Saturn Award Nominees « File 770
had a place set for for Easter but of course she didn't show
No, I'm not partisan. I do not worship political god's.
Nice... Well luck is clearly #1 :)
dam doe went MIA on me im tawkn bout gone
7, but I swear it has nothing to do with Andray Blatche.
Trying out the new Google Chrome beta today
Love is the delightful interval between meeting a beautiful girl and discovering that she looks like a haddock. ~ John Barrymore
I love your twit-thousiasm!
Moon sure is close!
yeah, a quarter is managable, but five dollars is gas money! Haha
It's 8:20 and I've already had a productive morning. I am happy about that! :) now to go landscape with Stephanie :)
Pretty sure this Chinese guy making his little son bash out "Can Can" on an electric piano at Union Sq is violating child busking laws
So Diablo I?
Going to watch my friends entertain me with jokes.
lets talk
Hope you enjoyed GhostWalk last night! Thanks for coming out!
I did that at the beginning of the year w the syllabus but they could probably use another intro. Thanks!
If you like cool people follow this guy
having friends is way overrated anyways
Keep Elevating Rushers! the album comes out in 6 days!!! ah so excited
If you're part of the 10% of women who can't wear black, wear navy blue instead. It projects just as much authority
yeah you can send an edited picture of you including your twitter if you want or holding a picture of a message for Austin.
Couldn'tbe happier for two amazing friends!
Why do the times on Eventbrite say Pacific Time?
Chilling of a Chinese Wookie RT : killing for some chinese nookie
you're my fave character on Glee. And proabably one of my biggest idols. I'd die if you replied to me. (:
May the '4 s' be with you!
Oh, other events today: KY Derby, look for . The #SuperMoon is tonight. & CincoDeMayo, look for with a sombrero!
Get the App! Download login with , password utapthat.
You Rock! Love your intuition. Have a blessed weekend! Aloha :)
why can't i just have straight teeth :/
that's a great book!
try gamaran. Its getting really good
not a clue yet lol
my night guy is KILLING my day guy right now. Al Jazeera will post the video of it shortly.
Reusable content vision is sometimes blocked by not having an idea on possible reuses
to make you feel better it's no different than most tweets anyways lol
8.00 to 3.20 went from happy to exicited to angry to almost try to fight and now it back to HAPPY
back home :) I love breaks from school!
thanks for the RT
RT : I guess bombarding us w/TSA & border gate X-rays is one way to keep Social Security costs down.
YES :D lol
ah awful auto correct, thanks so much for the help!! I wouldn't have noticed
Free UW Women's basketball tickets for Sunday @ 2PM. Reply for tickets or RT if you want.
"Blood Money Media" race baitors, post Zman from 2005, instead of black looking pict 2012, that make it black on black, 90% of black murders
the satisfying feeling when you get a test, look it over, and you know how to do every problem before you even start
Nearly time for another PWA brunch. Does anyone have a brunch location recommendation? No suggestions will be mocked (or will it ??? )
What a weird bears game
Message recieved -- clearly we must take the whole office to SXSW next year! ;)
3 boxes of cap'n crunch and NO MILK
Also, Pirates win, raise it!
I ate so many carbs today, I think I can now be classified as a muffin.
Katy Perry is awesome!!
Sushi date with the sister in collge station. Where you at
he do say real shit
NCAA picks turned in. Both and I have KY going all the way.
well you look handsome nice hair cut!!! :)
Taylor swifts song 'Safe and Sound' is such a good song!!!! I could listen to it all day and never get bored!!!!
May 3 is the longest day of my life!!!
thanks for everything, <U+2764>
no problem :D x
If niggas think you snitchin they aint tryin listen. They be waitin in ya kitchen ready to start hittin
Nope...they had their chance early and couldn't convert.
tryina make sense of it all..
I was surprised that I found them! I almost sent them to a random department, but then figured that no one used them anymore.
It's a Friday night and you're the only one playing #wordswithfriends with me. What's that say about us? Lol.
He did well last night. The show is much better with him. I laughed.
you're welcome Christina! :-)
beautiful sunny day in NYC!!! celebrate with happy hour -buy one get one free on ALL drinks!!
What about family members? If my sis wants to get pregnant is there a test to determine risk likelyhood?
we are bummed that you are going to miss it! Come to the Wine Tasting in September...
I think Deloss Dodds should now invite UH to the Big 12, so Sumlin can stay and really stick it to A&M
Thee Satisfaction just got off the plane I'm about to board. Dope.
RT : It's so cold in the Burgh. (literally)
Those r good ones too. I really love them all tho. They all keep u on the edge of ur seat. :D
so pretty much same old same old? Lol... jk
#nf follow back
I love u this is for those who read this mess right now lol
Meet some of our VA coaches
HOW U BEEN HOMIE?
A woman in Florida called 911 yeaserday because a bear was swimming in her pool. for Sarah Palin that would just be called “bear soup.”
I finally ordered some Tweaked earbuds using the discount code from and saved myself ten smackeroonies! Thanks guys! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B5>
Dear #drupalcon speakers, be kind to newbie questions, but quickly take them offine.
come n b my assistant lil bro
Lyrical Trilogy Ranked Number 14!!!! Doing big things LMAO play a couple TRACKS
#Caps we're the champions!!!
Amen..that's always a good look RT : finally off work!! Yayyy!!!!!!
returned my $59 dollar shoes to #nike and got a $75 gift card
Q: What's your costume for Halloween?
My parents called to tell me with excitement that they caught me on Desperate Housewives while flipping channels.
can you please #FOLLOWMECODY for ? it would make her day!!!!
@ tag and she went on to say y they broke up lol. Too much!
Got all B's this semester!!! Boo I wanted all A's :/ gotta try harder next semester!!!
Ready for home!
hush up. I don't cuss
VUM updates: optimized cluster patching (more than 1 host at a time), schedule VM Tools update at next reboot, multiple UMDS urls
Damn. I thought they had maybe fixed any one of my major annoyances with groups.
#YouKnowYouAtClark l0l that's my schools name.
Absolutely! RT: Saw Bobcat Goldthwait's "God Bless America" tonight at the MD Film Fest in B'more. #Baltimore loves your work Bob!
But requires u to be willing to share. Some of my friends are nervous about "idea theft." I'm not but it's a legit concern
No, it's just artwork for now. Thanks though! :)
Hiccups #most annoying thing ever
I love this song (: it's dumb tho lol
Starting the week off with a BIG Deal of the Day!... buy 10 sessions, get 5 FREE! 15for10! MUST mention this add! See you at HT!
love love love spending lazy Saturdays with my man… :)
Jus finshed shooting for "bring it down" man I miss JeffersonPK!
Good Morning Tweeps...It is Monday, what more can I say
YOOOOO you're man MARIANO RIVERA just tore his ACL rocking the NIKE AIR MAX 2012...guess he shoulda signed with Fila right? BITCH
Nothing comes on tv tonight.redbox sold out.i cancelled netflix.im just up da creek shawty!
hehe okay then sir will do so right now
I hope 5th is good enough for you for now...
Hope you have a speedy recovery bro... Raw needs you back on.
Come over to myspace and google on my yahoo till I twitter all over your facebook.
oh PLEASE well u and ma lil kesh better butter yourselves right up and sli e up a couple shirts!
DeForest wins at the buzzer!!
Aw, that's awesome! Please tell him or her thank you!
Peyton will be working out for the -- So where exactly does that leave Jesus..err I mean Tebow?
Everything that is wrong with American is here tonight. Speaker Boehner, however is not.
Still looking for best technology/software to map/track debates in little magazines of the 1920s. Any ideas?
RT if school is stupid and you hate going to it!(:
Lakers all day!>>>
Once u stop worrying about every damn thing and just focus on what you need to "do", life's really pretty simple, no matter what your deal.
Occasional appreciation of New Amerykah 1 suddenly blossoming into full-blown obsession, wowww
ouch. That sounds bad, yeah.
i heard a voice in my room the other night :\....i think it was my best friend..and he's not alive...
This is a HUGE Warehouse sale w/ contents from FIVE local estates. There is a large selection of furniture, linens, home decor, household...
gin + seltzer water + thinly sliced cucumbers = refreshing
ok you singing
Good night world. I saw a school bus full of kids hanging their heads out the window and waiving to the cars. Made me smile.
I want to go to burger king but I dnt wnt to loose my parkin spot
Easy. "Positives from the Chiefs Season So Far" and leave the half page blank.
I would love to get with u and put some of ur scarfs with some of my clothes. Check me out!
im not sure why he said that but there are black Hispanics.
now about 35 min fron home and all i can think about is getting back to #tulsa asap to see an ...
Can't help but laugh at people who say one thing to me and act a completely different way. Are you seriously that insecure/immature?
jerk. What about missing me:(
ALERT: send in ur checks 4 the new fundraising campaign! RT : <U+200E>"Uncertainty is the beginning of adventure." -President Nikias
really wanting to buy some merch.
Thirsty Thursday! I love college. (;
It's to early for school to start in an hour. Can't wait till friday.
You can trust they got nothing on we.
Murray's meats & cheeses and Mamoun's falafel for lunch... its like a West Village Buffet line
we accomplish things, its just that there's no time to acknowledge that fact
Nope - the title is Mr. Blue Sky.
Can I get a hell yeah from someone ?
It is about time, isn't it? I played Born This Way so much I wore it out. Hopefully her next one will be even better.
I got G+ to take my main acct by removing the 2nd, logging in to G+ and re-adding the 2nd G+App likes the top acct
Thank you!!! Have a great weekend!
Just got first hand look at projects to be shared with teachers at PBL by teacher Kirsten Grube
We appreciate the follow!
maybe Sunday if the weather works out!
Fun audition at Actor's Express tonight. Love those people!
top 25 list...
but when u say it. it makes the ratings go up like crazy. it even makes me go crazy.
we're going to be changing that behavior to make working with UUIDs much easier. Being reviewed and tested now :)
Need 3 ppl who want to earn $100 today. Must have 1-2 hours set aside to complete the work. Computer with internet connection needed.
It would be nice if the Sacramento Kings move to Seattle
Bouta go support my baby in her concert hope she do a good job <U+2764>
We may or may not have listened to it a thousand times, and every time...I love it even more.
I don't jniw
Brunner: We must pay more attention to the dimension of time in these mattering practices.
This is my last week of school! And then graduation on June 15th. It's been one heck of a year and my highschool career... #Unforgettable xx
Enjoying all the #draping pics. Awesome! Looking for to the return of Mad Men
I agree, Evol's stencils are amazing & we will be hearing much more about him in the years to come.
I miss you too
Ty! Safe travels to you too & looking forward to talking on our return.
Anything under 90 is perfect in my book! RT : It's to hot out! haha
I'm scared/:
Good is good, but Chingon is better.
I love you. Even though you make my day everyday, you'll still never notice me. But I still #believe #someday you will <3 35
Hey thanks so much! Absolutely, we already decided we're going to enter. Sorry -- just the move. Will submit soon. Excited!
We don’t offer a liquid at this time, but we do have delicious Resveratrol fruit chews available at
The official currency in France is the Euro
“: We are leaving tomorrow!!! (((Screams))) #MIA” Yeeeaassaahhhhhhh!!!!!!!
Yeah, great shots in the Transporter flicks. Funny Stallone had on a Panerai in the newest Rambo movie
HAPPY EASTER!
"back country", huh? at least we know the difference between "your" and "you're".
It is going to be brutal if we lose the game on Saturday Seth. I may have move to NY if we lose this game.
On a mission today to find some cute service industry shoes that aren't absolutely horrible looking.
that sounds delicious. We just made a video on white wine and cooking :)
Just saw The Lucky One. It was good. Zc Efron is hot. <3 My sister had some interesting comments when he took his shirt off. HAHA. HSM
Watching the entire Concert For Bangladesh on DVD in honor of the 40th Anniversary tonight.
Yes me and your brother eat them alot lol
Big sigh of.relief.... now taking a
So FB go's Public tomorrow...Here come a few more Millionaires.
got chu my twitter was bein stupid
Why do they introduce someone just so they can introduce someone else?
Starbuck would make a kickass dev or designer. she would not make the logo bigger. ever.
Drum roll! The winner of the book 'Google+ for Photographers' by Colby Brown is.... Michael Priglmeier!
Getting revenge is honestly one of the best feelings ever.
Yes! How funny that you ask as I had three pistachio orders over wkd. I have one left. Want?
when do yall leave? One last happy hour and/or brunch?
I want pizza LOL
“: I like food more than people.”
thank you!!!!
Or Drake chopped and screwed. Not sure which is worse.
we voted
Thx! No set end date, we just thank every 100th Twitter follower of ours with a $5 Frenchy card...8 more to go til 800th!
Feel horrible to be seeing this just now. Spent the morning in the studio and was on a bus to NYC at 2:00 yesterday afternoon...
Merry Christmas to all my followers!! And whoever just creeps without following!
gotta be there at 830 tomorrow!! Doomsday here we come!
I'm going to poop like I've never pooped before.
I was nervous that the prez was gonna spill the names of those Navy SEALs.
Pressure!!!! Loving these vibes
Thanks much for the RT
re: I'm starving to see a movie with fresh ideas. Foreign (not American) and indy are probably your best bets.
That is good business.
A practical tip for building relationships with the media. Tip #5 Consider becoming a member of a professional media organization.
You'll have to come east NE 37/Broadway, worth the trip RT : on the Westside? Looking for a good Chinese restaurant
Just let the dogs out...gave them their nighttime peanut butter...they're following me around, knowing it's time for bed. :) Night!
Wow Omg the argument between and WAS EPIC!!!!!!!!
Wings score with 30 seconds left in the first half. Westervelt with the goal.
MT Killeen: NSF will be more interested in data sharing aspects of grant conditions in future. Note for data mgmt plans.
Thx Sam! Now hurry and come home so u can meet her!
Less Go Tigers! Show them New Yorkers how we Grind in the D!
"It's not the wrong train that you're on / it's just another way to go" musical wisdom from my morning commute.
Bill Romanowski, on ESPN, is doing a predictably bad/sad job gilding the brain-trauma lily re: the difference between "hurt" and "injure."
Hope everyone had a wonderful holiday and received some thoughtful gifts! Tomorrow, its back to work! :)
#NP - The Game is to be Sold, Not to be Told
Within 20 minutes of posting grades, I had four complaints. Go me!
RIP CHUCK BROWN
Sarah has tumors in her brain, chest, liver & bones. And still, she positively states: *Love Your Life*
Sigh. Yes. RT : What writing feels like: I'm a genius! I'm a fraud! I'm a genius! I'm a fraud! Genius! Fraud! etc etc etc.
In the process of working on the NPR Sunday puzzle, my husband came up with another potential puzzle. Now I just have to write the question.
President did a bit on legal history today.
If you go to o'connor, and you know who you are. I just wanna say I love you! (:
Plan a picnic in a scenic area like a park or the beach for a low cost day out.
Aw yay! I like to hear that. We should get together for a run or something!
Guess it's time to delete from the app graveyard folder on my iPhone. Sigh. RIP.
Bruce! at the Verizon Ctr.
Hope you enjoyed the show!
Want to learn a funny new history fact for each day? Follow
Yum, biscuits and gravy sound good!
Can I get an RT for #levilowrey?? Co-Writer for Zac Brown Band's "Colder Weather". =)
Herbs I swear.
I WISH I COULD TURN MY PHONE OFF AND STILL LISTEN TO THE MUSIC
Where are you guys getting your tomatoes this time of the year?
Gonna charge mi fone.. off this
I'll bring the shovel!
So excited! is going to the Davis Bottle Shoppe beforehand. Wanna grab a beer there & do the ticket exchange?
Thank you to TJ Campbell for backing Gears!
this really suck big time.....
What color were your bridesmaid's dresses? Or what colors are you planning for your upcoming wedding?
Do people still like, traditional vocal Jazz?
haha he just started dating her today and he was tryna kiss her and stuff
I've got buy Join the Conversation on my calendar for Sunday
My goal is to hit 300 tweets before the week is over, wish me luck.
Lawn Boy
What's with the Journal running an AP story on the Munch? Get on it! :)
mikey loves you and you're gonna get married c: l0l
Jaelene Hinkle for Tech has their best opportunity so far for an equalizer, but puts it over the bar. Play is back and forth.
"The Client List" is so good!
The only thing i want is to be with my friends tomorrow, get a tattoo, and celebrate all weekend long.
what time is the show tonight at Billiards?
Networking as we build relationships it becomes easier
Really, I'm just taking what I learned from your wonderful city and applying it to my new home.
welcome to the unforgiving world of Twitter there Mr. Gunslinger.
I stand corrected- a rare singable moment
According to my own personal facebook-esque timeline, facebook started to suck like two years ago
Hi Sasha, Thank you for following! Have a great week!!
RT: 2 4give is the highest, most beautiful form of love. In return, you will receive untold peace & happiness. --Robert Muller
#ThingsThatMakeMeSMH I don't understand why girls wanna jump into relationships as soon as one is over.
Europe as of now but I may not be able to.
i could actually possibly help with that one.
absolutely hate gym #lonermoments dotn look at me when no ones there >:0
Watched Blues Brothers this evening and enjoyed it as much as the first time in 1980.
Found in Reference Universe: “Early Girl Scout Recipe” in The American History Cookbook
no messages boo who
i love u bby daddy
My cat didn't spend all those years in medical school for people to say, "Aww isn't Mr. Kitty so cute!".
well everyone but me quit. I am figuring out what to do from here. This will take some time to figure out.
Rise & Shine.. Another day of staring at the screen editing photos.
thanks! maaasahan ka talaga! thanks for the sunshine!!! dunno what i'll do without yah
Girl I just wanna see you strip right now.
#oomf never has the guts to tell me what's up face to face!
THANKS I APPRECIATE IT
Verizon without even a second's thought.
Thanks! How are you?
I'm in H town!
Same bullshit, different person.
RT From the Big Picture board meeting: "Students only get credit for answers. They should also get credit for questions."
Aw you think you're a photographer too? That's cute.
Excited to be in DC! Breakfast with the greatest philanthropists & millionares on the planet! Ready to take on the world
Ten (10) short weeks before "pageant week" for Mrs. International 2012!
Going to be a busy week on the tracks for us!
- Thanks for the follow!
omg you did not just go there lol
The Hood Really Changed Mac Miller
your kindness is touching. I promise to do the same for you soon in my travels.
i never use that moneytree101 account. follow me on this one! not that i tweet much.....
Happy Chinese New Year&Lunar New Year2those that celebrate it!Remember what u do/act today is an indication4da fate of ur year,if u believe
Why RT : did you know there's something called burning mouth syndrome?
Resolutions are made to be broken.
GRT : RT Mark it down in bold, please: A solo Cowherd show will not do well critically or ratings-wise.
#shopping for the holidays, gifts,home, check it out!
Another advantage to not having all my apartment supplies yet: not having to floss.
In the struggle lies joy
calls a girl a slut, and they boycott. calls a "spic" and no one says a word.
Paperchasin on my mind tryna get a mill ticket
I kind of like that it still eats at me the next day when I skate poorly the night before. Can't wait for next game. Fire stills burns.
you mean she ordered a BLT (bacon, lettuce and tomatoe) sandwich with Mayo?! Smh...crazy old lady
Avg. College Grad in 2012 will face more then $20k in debt upon being handed that sacred piece of paper.. is it worth it???
Only slept a fucking hour ah I feel like shit. 4:30 needs to hurry up!
One leg is Christmas, the other is Thanksgiving.. Can I meet in between the holidays?
Yeah. Its dope ;))
Well I been fine . Wbu ? Feels like a while since we talked ;(
I don't care, as long as I'm with you. –Mowgli <3
Happy Mother's Day(:
It is the mark of a truly intelligent person to be moved by statistics
GOD DAMN! Avengers was one of the best movies I've ever seen! Definitely in my top 10, maybe even in my top 5. FANTASTIC!
it is about sex - to say it's not is absurd.
So after all that..THAT'S how we end the quarter smh we good tho cuz Melo and JR completely off..that's gon change
I enjoy scanning 's feed. They are consistently posting important information about the dangerous aspects of our world.
Mary-Catherine Morning is my best friend in the entire world and I love her so much.
i just got woof'ed at.
yes you were
the best
won tickets to see Jason mraz.
It's raining & I need a chick like right NOW!!!!
Ron Bennett of School Services of California just took the stage, he's one of the foremost state experts on state ed financing
was sup
its fine! as long as you don't accidentally press start
I've never seen so many little kids at a happy hour than during the starbucks happy hour.
What is the proper business jargun for being screwed over?
At Ihop with
Welcome to Miami bro
My spanish says fuck in spanish
My best friend hates me
The password for the nisd-wifi is northside. How did I not know that? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
I think it's cause I was up past 4 the last 2 nights.
i dont mind if you talk bout me behind my back coz i love the idea that im on your mind.......have a fantastic day!
Wow, Marine Corps Marathon sells out in just over two hours!!! Glad I am in!
Haha! You're emails are fine! Coming to Draft? No promises yet, but I'm trying to work out a solution to POSSIBLY allow cams
writing a couple of important emails this morning, work related.
I need new clothes.. ;-;
Even better! Thanks for the correction.
You don't have to go to parties every weekend and get drunk to be " popular."
Since our move to MA: Red Sox won World Series; Brown won "Kennedy's" seat, Bruins won the Cup, and now Barney Frank retires. Next year?
what is ur favorite show??
Love that spot - NatGeo covers all the best locations;)
"The best way to prepare for life is to begin to live." ~Elbert Hubbard
I bet, hmm, high schooler <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D> #creeperstatus but hell I'd stalk you too <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Peter Gammons on NESN: "There are pitchers who got picked in the 2nd round & received $500,000 bonuses who dont bring it as hard as Davis.."
lol I like it here. I'm not leaving. My mom tried to make me though.
I hate getting flashbacks from things I don't want to remember
Can't wait! 2NE1 Monday. See and there.
Hi , I really wish you wouldnt delete . But I know I cant stop you . I'll miss you . c:
If an old lady going after a young man is a cougar. Is an old man going after a young boy a nittnay lion?
Jonas Hellborg awesome Bassist listening to his work on "War Games"
live for today, plan for tomorrow, party tonight.
ALL CHILDRENS AND ADULT CLASSES ARE STILL ON THIS WEEK!!! SEE YOU IN CLASS!!!
Being on the surgery service is a lot different than the family medicine service.
Strained abdominal
Arrived in Harrisburg after a pleasant train ride with a nice conversation with a fellow traveller. Trains are the civilized way to fly.
Where are you hiding?!?! Missing your tweets, come home ni99a lol
Hard work and dedication
I'm finally following an awesome person of God from CGO! (=
you make twitter magic all day long! :-)
just my willpower lol
Glad to see my boys & connecting! You know us want in on that play!
About to attend my first elders' meeting at CHBC. Looking forward to it!
FOLLOW ME BACK:) 67
#HowToKeepARelationship. CHOOSE YOU BATTLES!
For me they're great. Esp TDD for quant and scrums and sprints for qual. All to manage scope.
w you're too cool for me
Pachanga why did you betray Carlito <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
football clinic. Not addressing your second question due to lack of respect.
omjesus! Haha I love you too old friend. You are the best!
Thanks Lovely!!! <3 hehehe Hope you're well!
Hats off to my lovely wife for my v-day card made of #qrcodes. Tech & 7 layer cake made from scratch will win me over every time
boss=douche
MERRY CHRISTMAS EVE.!!! lol =))))
Ohh u got a facebook
YES! def want to catch up! See you there, I will be the one trying to make it to Sponsor party but prob will be late. :-)
big fan of show and thunder and lightning show! Go get those cards!
Snow Day means NO work for Fay day!!
OMG!!! I just had a great soul food dinner with friends & family. Forgive me Lord for I have sinned!!!
ugh ordering my pit tickets for hot chelle rae tommorw c:
Dallas Seminary? Bo! J/K ;) I'm a Westminster grad (M.Div.) :D Thx for the follow!
5 dimensional clock that makes keeping an eye on the time actually interesting.
Signed up for today. We'll see how this goes -
Are you ever a jerk without knowing it? Or do you just find out after the fact? Yeah. Maybe I should just never open my mouth.
great advice indeed!
RT : Check out ! and I teamed up to design a 'logo' for a different #Wisconsin town every day for...
Thank you so much for coming in tonight - great stuff! We really appreciate it. See you soon!
can u follow me back then? lol
Food Critic - Use text messaging to post your critique of the week, so all of your fans can see it from anywhere. www.zesmo.com
Agree! RT : A1 Seems to me authentic affirmations must come forth from ones heart to really be felt
Saw last night at Caroline's. Watching him live was probably the best thing ever. Great job!
Steven Tyler and the National Anthem are not a good match... Yikes!
you silly goose you (:
no one really knew what to make of that song. Only one other couple danced, but they're huge tmbg fans, too.
I had the good fortune to meet #fredshuttlesworth. Thank you and all who work for
im looking for prom shoes! like silver to go with my dress xx
Just got off phone w/ for scoop on a record breaking attempt at something very cool! Pitching it NOW in the newsroom meeting.
#Austin tops nation for job growth since 2004 from paper today. Very cool.
I just Want Friday to be here... Cuz no matter what ill be in a good mood
Something's are better off left unsaid. But if it needs to be said then say it before it's too late!!!
Haha! TY hon, for the thoughtful eGreeting. Made my morning, esp the panda/Rudy character
#np odd future, forest green.
You rock! But of course you already knew that. :-)
Some Good , Some Bad...But Overall It Was A Lesson Learned...
In 1896 sharks were on display for the Aquariums opening
RT : mixes are on the verge of being unveiled(to myself). My nerves are on end.
At "Magic of Motown" concert with Alpha Blackburn.
Have you read yet, yr tattoo buddy? Also, NOX, Bluets, Flannery O'Connor, Emperor of all Maladies, Raw Shark Texts
Trade for him.
It's a salad, but I tackled the sandwich last night, minus the bread.
hey are you ok with your team
Stabbed in the back l0ve
lol cut it out
Yous a BOP give me TOP !!
yeah I had no idea what I was listening to, lol. I couldnt even tell which band, but I thought it was Civil Twilight. Thanks though
Great, great show tonight. Tons of energy in a small room. Thanks for rockin with us everybody!
he's talented playing all those parts. I just don't think it's very funny.
Thx, that trck is called GET IT": has a bomb ass cd..BackPack City is the truth :-) #fanmomentsorry"
you were right btw
None of our first presidents were 'Christian' while a non-christian today couldn't b elected president.
I went crazy on the fancy this am. It's more product focused but I really like it.
when is the mo'nique coming back on? i miss u and that show!
Gripping wood catching splinters!
it's just a tilly's status saying you could win a gift card at the tacoma store if you say why tacoma rules
because they're (IU/Crean) doing everything the "right way"... remember? I gag every time I hear that.
HEY ADAM!!! WHAT'S UP?
Couldn't resist since Matt Millen walks around wearing a bulls eye 24/7. . .even during the offseason.
Thanks more to come.
Can yawl feel what i feel i dont think so i doubt if fake ppl kno whats real
Getting so excited to see tonight :)
right in my life is cuz i didnt believe in him. N i wish i culd but i just dnt c it possible.
Knowing that the other members of Nsnyc well never be as great as Justin Timberlake.
I hate when old people steal OUR music.
A hardcover book (or 2),get in a few magazines,some conventions,new tattoo shop,line of products,custom art....it's going to be a busy year.
All the cool emo kids cut their buttcheeks. -.-
Game Theory: The Hoops Whisperer on Teamwork, Competition - SLAM Online
WANTED: Do you Have a Love & relationship website & want to exchange links? please contact me right now: RT.
I would let you take a slapshot at me, Keenan style. Lol
I am! Well, kind of. In the form of on the couch in the same room while on my laptop.
I'M STAYING AT YOUR PLACE THIS SUMMER OM TOUR WITH MY BAND AND ITS GOING TO BE GREAT
When you're lost and you're tired, when you're broken in two, let my love take you higher, 'cause I still turn to you.
Thanks #ReuterFamilyFoundation for supporting !
"The arts are carriers of messages that tell us who we are." -USC President Max Nikias
So excited! 20 years of being a fan is finally paying off!!
starbucks is expensive tho
Only $59M committed for 2013? That seems low.
Discovery! Woman's Medical College records that have been locked in a vault & not previously seen by archives staff. Early 1900s -1990s.
thunderstorms aren't that big of a deal here in Cali but if you were scared of earthquakes then I understand!
now, who wants a shoutout?(:
Re-living my childhood with lol
things are so ridiculous.
Clear skies tonight, low of only 41! Next system arrives tomorrow afternoon with rain chances increasing through the night & into Sat. Hi 65
Enjoying my first foray into Japanese literature with #fridayreads The Housekeeper and the Professor.
We are counting down the days till Saturday too! Hope you enjoy a little something special we have coming your way ;)
Teams draft QBs early to be starters, draft QBs late to be No. 2s. #Redskins just did it in the same year. Rex Grossman lacks backup makeup.
Thanks so much for the mention, Maestro! I'm a huge fan of your Wagner arrangement. Looking fwd to programming it!
That's all kinds of awesome! \m/ MT We gave away three bikes on CCNY Earth Day to encourage sustainable transportation.
If I haven't followed you LET ME KNOW...
If you're going to make bold statements, be prepared to be called out on them and asked to defend your premise.
Have they done a Behind the Music on Monica? If not, they should. She's been through some thangs.
I'm sure this was said, as I knocked out early last night. But the new Bane voice mix sounds extradiegetic. I'll take the mumble.
New Look What I Did jams via the Zanzibar I rock opera, which will come slowly over time, may begin popping up online soon ;)
These past couple days have been rough but all I can do is keep my head up high and strive forward even though it hurts me....
i want some takis! D:<
FSU would play UNC AGAIN? Who you like third time around??
ha! oh the good ol days
There's nothing like the sound of thunder and rain to get me into the studying mood. Definitely time for lounge pants and hot chocolate.
Reinforce what you wantto see repeated.What gets rewarded gets done. Brian Tracy
My roommate called me the other day.....no just no.
thanks Arlen! :* but youd be surprised the jerks I meet lol and not to mention older guys. I want someone my age!
lmao *plays go-go remix of "Jingle Bells" then a hyphy remix*
don't feel too old - I'm still not totally sure what hash tags are!
< games disks stopped being read, then the CD tray stopped closing
must be nice!!
Can't wait to photograph and at College in North Andover this Friday! Who's coming? Tix are only 20 bucks!
Have discovered that it's close to impossible to move across the country and stay on top of tweets and tweeters! Twitterverse, I'm back!!
aye yo son gangsta as hell cussing n shit
Hope everyone is having a great spring break!
Cheer up, - it didn't touch your hair!
I know man my SF position is horrible!
Whoever raised 1K to send all employees red, blue, & green cupcakes all flavored boring vanilla is my new hero.
Alex Honnold segment... Amazing.
Featured vocalist , Stephanie Ferret. Also Streamed Live :00pm(pst) on www.ustream.tv/summersizzleseries
RT ": How many retweets can this get? :D"
Wouldn't LeBron's taste better? If Heat lose this series nobody will let them live it down.
Loved every minute of our interview with
Still love you, boo.
Killer dames, LOL! And let's hear that story... :)
The Hottest Athletes Strip All The Way Down For ESPN! (PHOTOS) Summary: ESPN has hit us with their third annual Body Issue, celebrating
no disrepect... U are so pretty to me!!<U+E106><U+E405>
Sometimes I remember Stoney at random moments - I cried while chopping parsley (ask Dave). Memory is good. (&PHM rocks!)
ok I'll set the alarm :)
RT : I cannot imagine how the clockwork of the universe can exist without a clockmaker. -Voltaire
Today has been a rough day.. Lets hope my second job will he better
Hanging out with and some Scratch 60
Why be with me and him at the same time while you could have him all to yourself? I rather you gamble with his feelings than mines.
Chocolate swirl #Juniors #Cheesecake AMAZING!!!
excited about the caesarstone challenge!
No, we want some more we want some more we want some more.
Ok so iduno how u say u aint gay if u fuck a guy in jail.like is just yo dick thats gay?Id choose my hand over a dudes booty hole ne day lol
The baseball team is back on campus after its trip home from the Marion, Ind., win. Two days off then prep for NAIA World Series starts Wed.
Sen. Manchin votes against repeal of Healthcare Reform-joins Sen Rockefeller and all other Dems.
I saw the announcement on the Queer Caucus' FB page. I'd ask
She said she a dancer, Imma call her prancer
: ": Friday, April 13th It's going DOWN! #THETAKEOVER with in the mixx! More info coming soon!""
would love to have coffee one day. I'll email you. Will send Linked In invite too. urock!
Chrysler tag
Parents, did you know that secondhand smoke kills approx 430 US newborns each year from sudden infant death syndrome?
Back in Memphis had a great time in Nashville
send me some free play type stuff. im coming to play and stay in june!
Yesterday was so perfect.. and today was good until got my really sad news :'(
Julia Cameron (#theartistsway) stresses that we must take "Artist's Dates" to refresh and stimulate our imaginations.
hard to explain , I work for insurance company tho
Give us a call to discuss shipping. We sell through designers and can certainly arrange shipping, 212-759-8700
Good night-- snow falling and singing in the bus ride home.
the cure
Augmented reality games with cross-media provide engagement and exploration, not bound to as desk
If The NFL wanted to protect players. They should have suspended Sean Payton 3 years ago .How does The NFL explain that?
we love having you guys out!
Wow, Peter King on NBC just said Peyton injured himself in the North Central High School Weight Room.
Less than a week til the next Alberta Street Teahouse tea tasting – 4/15 from 1-3pm! Sign up by emailing
U R seeing CORE that uses proprietary wireless 2 send info 2 display. Link sends to smartphone. Can use CORE w/o display (I do)
My daughter wants to go into R/D, she's been going to school for that. Not sure anymore though, she's changing her major again
You said that you could let it go.&i wouldn't catch you hung up on somebody that you use to know..
Pop, lock, and drop it RT : I feel like dancing .... :D
Do you have allergies? If so, which?
"She knows my heart like a work of fine art, and I love her like a Tennessee breeze." Can't get these lyrics outta my head.
RT : "No"? That just means "ask someone else" ;-) #Charisse'sWorld #"I'mpersistant
work w/ Recruiters & Hiring Managers to understand the culture/environment-or ask for contact info of someone in the role you want..
you were tweeting .. niether of you tweeted me.
“Don’t find customers for your products, find products for your customers.” - Seth Godin
hey baby birds who wants ta go to Head Slammers with my friend and I next SAT? RT & send a message
Drank my coffee IN the shower this morning.
Service pros: Scold a client at a first (or any) meeting for tardiness, forgeting an item or misunderstanding, bad PR ensues.
more than 2,000 for sure before litigation is over. 12,000 is an estimate of ALL potential claimants, according to court docs.
i dislike being sick i hope i feel better soon.
Morbid Curiosities goes until June 8 ... you should go!
Pearson: Algebra 1, biology, Environmental Science, Geometry.McGraw Hill: algebra 1, Biology, Chemistry. Geometry, Physics. No HMH books? :(
so tired from work
At 64 degrees it's 20 degrees warmer in #TippCity, OH than #FarmingtonHills, MI
What do you want for Christmas?
watched re runs of Bam's Unholy Union all day on that show was funny as fuck man
That's newseum.
#sxswedu is a much better bet. Plus a good time, I'm sure. I thought about going...let me know how it is.
223 folks have appreciated the #poetrymarathon ... Are you among those numbers?
North by Northwest is on TCM. nice!
Hey Karl, I just checked my grades, how come I have NGR in replace of final grade?
to bad thats a fake its been online for like 5 years now
Today is gonna be a good day <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
Sam Donaldson is a name dropper! Interview subjects Warren Buffet, Ronald Reagan and Colin Powell mentioned so far.
Swim for the music that you know that'll save you when you know you won't survive.
Is My Bitch And I Love Her So So So Much!!
spent more than half the day trying not to fall asleep.
hey! Can you dm Christian too? I can't go a day without watching his vids! I even downloaded doctor stalker off of iTunes. Thx
you're most welcome. Merry Christmas to you!
I have a lot of those kinda people man it sucks that's why my circle of friends is so small now HAHAHA
I want crab legs :<
who you talking about. Sales
doppio espresso this am and it was delicioso. Another, please.
Twiddling my fingers I never been so bored in my life
Just explained to that JB stands for
RT : I'd really like to have a beverage with Annie Clark.
One month from today-GAGA!! E!!!!! I might be slightly excited :)
I often have to play the guessing game to pinpoint whose crotch I'm looking at.
Hey guys! Sorry I haven't been tweeting much! whats every gonna be up to today?! ;D
She said she love me.. what ever that is
if im louder would you see me?
Thanks for a great night Milwaukee! Remember, we will have both floors open for Valentine's Day this Tuesday.
I haven't tweeted in a while. Hm, well my life is great right now :) I have everything and everyone I need in my life<3
President Obama announces his support for same-sex marriage. Thoughts? Do you think this will become a major issue in the election?
what time is it?
Hate boring people who r afraid to take risks
stomach just started hurting idk why
Exert your talents, and distinguish yourself, and don't think of retiring from the world, until the world will be sorry that you retire.
Nice summation of #Avengers history.
Thank you and for a great weekend in Monterey, time to get home &
Seeing Chronicle. I hear it is awesome!
Wow honestly. My mom is mean to me all the time and never apologizes buy
Show this afternoon at Crossroads went great! Gonna sleep good tonight! Tomorrow night {Monday} Bar Fly rocks Dales in Orange City!
Vote for Katherine Priore in 7x7 magazines "hot" list. I mean she is pretty hot AND she heals children thru yoga. Getting my vote...
Kush break anyone?
youre following 666 people! just thought i should let you know eddie! O_______________O rebecca black.
vote NO to SOPA/PIPA supported by all type voters. Unlike term limit, don't hurt self. Plus they already pocket the $$$!!!
Saddest thing is seeing your grandma cry.
If you're looking to lose yourself in a big novel over Thanksgiving break, I recommend Peter Nadas's Parallel Stories.
based on tweets from over last month, Madison is short on DBA resources or there are some serious DB build outs underway...
sushi date my my favorite girrl<U+263A>
It really does taste damn good. Thats kinda all I ate when I was there. That and Hard Rock Cafe.
Kiss Your Cat For Good Luck :3
There's also a script written for a third Bill and Ted movie with them middle aged.
It seems a lot of people do that. Read Kindle on various devices.
Checking in @ NOLA airport heading back 2 the Other LA! Gonna miss ya, but will b back in 2 weeks!
I'm so into bubbles, no, really
Ha, when I do that, it's just b*tching.
RT : R E T W E E T IF YOU WANT MORE FOLLOWERS | #TeamFollowBack | #InstantFollowBack | #TeamAutoFollow | #500ADay |
sure it was!
NAFC Post Fight Party host is also the area's #1 spot to watch MMA-Star Bar, 631 N Milwaukee St, featuring the famous 150" mega screen!!
What would be the better death: falling off a ledge or dying for popcorn?
haha bald would be sweet!!!!;) But Im just gonna go super short!
Finally got n to with my foto pass. Excited to see haha
If you're losing your soul and you know it, then you've still got a soul left to lose- Charles Bukowski
I haven't.. I'ma check him out though!
We loved having you! Thank you! RT : Thanks to all who listened to me gab today and enjoy (&share) the tiny underpants!
Just watched #insidejob ... disturbing
#raw10 I was riding with an Atheist, when the Brakes went out. The Atheist screamed out, Help Me Jesus!
When the kid in front of you smells like must
"That guy's about as funny as a bad analogy"
Who knows. It's all Pinky & the Brian up in her furry head. She could take over some day and it could all start with this.
dude what the fuck is up I haven't talked to you in forever!
Enjoying lunch outdoors. Austin is beautiful!
Long time no see. I've been out of commission for a couple of months, but posted pix from SF
Isn't technology awesome? :)
exactly how much do 1Dtickets cost?
Tmobile phones am starting to hate u!!! Cant wait till contract ends.
Louis' theme song- Diva by Beyonce
"No officer, I'm not intoxicated".
yum I love ziti anything pasta actually :)
I wish for the best, give everyone a big hug from me
aww, well YOU don't. xo
We are a polite band so SUCK OUR DICKS PLEASE! Thanks! You da bitch POPS. For all those offended: "Nothing is sacred" Quit crying, PLEASE!
sounds like an awesome day. let me know if you need a mixer for your new project.
I don't have an iPad, but I assume that the game apps work for both the iPad and the iPhone. I like Lil Kingdom.
Why are you so happy? Cause u didnt go to school or what?!?
Distribute your ignorence to someone else's TL please
Organizing and tossing, in prep for my new palm beach/moroccan/romantic bedroom designed by !
Manny Accos-ted again. To be fair, he was squeezed on Ramirez. Nonetheless, he needs to be buried 6 feet under a lettuce patch.
I don't get the reference... but I dig the song. I listened to the whole thing. I think I'm going to keep it.
What was your most memorable or outrageous part of Market Days. Send pics to us about those experiences. Pease and xoxo
A happy life is one which is in accordance with its own nature. - Lucius Annaeus Seneca
no matter what happens tomorrow, I will cry like a baby, regardless of which outcome occurs #nervous depends on tears of joy or sadness lol
chuckviaskype is the username! I will answer a couple of calls
RT There is no cosmetic for beauty like #happiness. ~Lady Marguerite Blessington
NAPEO begins tomorrow. See you there!
great show #7!
Got #Tapes ? All media tape orders placed in January get FREE shipping – save even more on already aggressive rates. Call today!
I like it! Thumbs up
um well I've had it and it's so good and now I'm gonna be a fatass
pretty sure I'm not gay and yes it was a solid day. Got a lot accomplished
great meeting you here :)
I'm so glad that school is almost over and I won't have to worry about hw and tests for a long time.
/o on his Succezz and there Grind Zealousimages
Good job!
that's good
"She's a lot of fun and you're no fun at all. She completes you!"
still top of the list
I plan to nap on and off for a few hours and then bored eat.
Your greatest fear shouldn't be that of failure but of excelling at something that doesn't really matter.
We want to seeLarry Merchant to kick Mayweather's arrogant ass!
Watching my CU Buffs on top of Okie State by 4 pts. at halftime. Or am I dreaming?
Its starting to show...I maid the stupidest mistake of my life :'(
I have the best friends!!!!!!
My NBC affiliate preempted for a special on the Olympics. I don't get why Thursday at 7 is a disposable timeslot for them.
Today should be a good day; easy practice, portillos, go on a date <3
you got it
Love horror !! I'm getting the book !! All the best luck !
wow, I had no idea! That's a beautiful rendering of the quote too.... just in my mind i intertwined love letters & blessings
Pomegranate is mentioned in Europe as early as the Iron-Age Greek Mythology in the Homeric hymns.
It hasn't even tweeked enough interest in me to check.
I laughed! :)
You should check out
Is it too early to be excited for Halloween and all that caps-screenprinting.com equipment can create?
RT : Must have deliverables that say "hey, my community wants this" yup. Know thy community/ies
Thx 4 reaching out, #FF “Rain dance Friday night, weather permitting” ~ Carlin
If Megan has 6000 words to write, 2 exams ahead and 33 days in England, how many fucks does she give about her grades right now? Zero.
concede it to Kentucky, but rooting for Kansas..
Thank you sir! Much obliged.
congrats for ur graduation!
MKT's automatic parallel parking system employs ultrasonic sensors, as opposed to competing offerings that use cameras
Who is Derek?
Accidentally took a nap with a sick child. Well I'll be up for a while....but thank goodness for Kids NyQuil, she won't be! XD
it's amazing how a typo can destroy your life.
Thanks for recommendation! & I are at in Chicago!
TGIF!! And have a great weekend:) :)
Niggas so quick to hop on twitter with mess, hop on this <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0086>
Reading a book & having to reread the same paragraph over and over because your thoughts are too distracting.
working the graveyard shift msuddenly ain't so bad when you can see The Roots crew jamming w/ Bruce Springsteen!
and our high school broke the internet
I am well sated. Commencing curry-coma...
yeah poor justin):
a gentleman and a scholar... Enjoy your 4th!
i just went through all your favorites and laughed at my own tweets
Woke up this morning and couldn't feel my legs ...still can't feel them lol
E.L. Luther - first agent 100 yrs ago. E.L.? A.) Edison Lee? B.) Elliot Lewis? Or, C.) Ernest Leonard?
#FollowFriday A fantastic writer, blogger about all manner of subjects
very ATx. Just watched zenith at west lake. Great performance
Jon Hamm introducing Day 3 of the #NFLDraft? Consider my juices flowing!
Women sound so sexy when they aren't talking.
Holy shit, guys, #HappyBaekhyunDay is already trending worldwide! xD<3 Shiners are cool~^^
Anytime! I got your back lady :)
love you. Been following you since the beginning
Talking social media & compliance. First key: Establishing trust
8 billion people in the world, and your the ONLY one I want :) <3
#FF RT : Just realized my boyfriend & I have photos of each other as the wall paper on our new iPhones. It's disgusting!
nah man
On your shoulders I can see!
and - so glad y'all are here! Welcome!
LAWLZ what a gay tweet
When I was kid I used to think that my heart was actually ''<U+2665>'' shaped.
they are out there now... need someone to light the lamp for
Thanks brother RT : man badass song. Good work keep on keepin buddy
Chillin in Orono for a bit until the game at 4!
Thanks for the follow Doesn't it feel like Monday?
#howtomakeitinamerica STOP DEPENDING ON FOREIGN GOODS!
that might have something to do with you not even watching the best season of it yet.
I tend to go a bit over the top. I could give you a lesson if you need one.
oh. nice. i like skype.
“: “: I wanna see Zimmerman in cuffs doing the perp walk” WORD.” WORD.
Doing some crappy work for my CIS class, remembering CCNA stuff, the OSI model, network architectures, etc... Ooh joy!
Someone should play draw something with me!!!!! Username is Michael1394
r u still sick? Well at least ur not going to he doctors tomorrow
#masseffect3 face import - fail. Forced multiplayer - fail. Forced to pay for day 1 DLC already on disc - fail. Horrible ending - EPIC FAIL.
speaking on my favorite topic...The Candidate Experience. So many candidates are customers for B2Cs...treat them well!
There's no way Nicki Minaj is on heavy rotation in my Rdio network--it consists of 5 grown men.
Speak Out * Take Action * Fight Back "Say No 2 Blast" bLAST On Blast !!!! On Blast Action Alert Call Pabst Brewing Co. “800” Number
So, if you give me some nutella, I'll love you forever. We just ran out </3
Priority mail is normally 2 to 3 days so keep an eye out and it should be there before Friday. Hope you are feeling better soon.
Another trip to or should I call it Burger kink since dis bitch talking like a pornstar
long 2's are killing us
SHENANIGANS!! Shift Key for structure auto build repeat in SC2?!?!? NOW we know how Michael is spiking the charts!
I see , I fallow him now!
Need to watch a movie or something because this book is way too depressing.
You are so kind - thank you for always keeping me in mind. Have a wonderful day!
Water st?
finally lol i love you too!
“: RT : Yes! Digital Decisions will be an ebook soon! That's great! Can't wait.
Fiesta San Antonio. Once dias de puro party.
Thanks for the add - Welcome to my Funhouse of Fiction!
Ah...Lovely. Guy get away with anything?
what happened!
RT : Proud to announce UNC star Kendall Marshall () as a new client (cc )
Great game let's not stop now.. let's keep rolling. Great win guys.
Love NEVER fails. If you love someone that is hard to love with the love of GOD, that love will not fail nor will be void.
Any girl who gets Pregnant did it cause she Wanted to .
$60,000 for two rear wing assemblies? The bumpers don't even work! What a waste of money
Session through good nite
www.thomastradingonline.com >>> shop!
lol its cool
Yes!! My mom is coming down this weekend & she LOVES German.
Filming a music video today for a new song we wrote!
Hope this works. RT : Please change the #diginow hashtag to #diginow12 - to avoid the spam we're seeing. Thanks!
it would be interesting to read a study on survivors who had to go into debt in order to leave--I had to. Financial abuse is tough!
aw damn
I have the biggest headache, the damn car trunk slammed me in my head.
Second only to your #Badgers, right?!
RT: Tx Aggies jump out to big early lead, then choke, blow lead & embarrass themselves. btw, Rick Perry's an Aggie. Coincidence?
yeah, far. but great huh? i'm going to look it up
I love how the word out has one letter seperating them. O-i-U-y-T
Saturday night!
what should her @ name be?
You have found Nirvana. RT : Enjoying a frosty this Super Bowl Sunday Funday.
I like the positivity of Almost like a Rudy-esque twitter motivational speech. Good luck !
btw, don't mean to come across as "interrogating," i just like to learn how diffrent public libraries provide their services. :o)
In Seattle, its almost partytime. How's it shakin where you are?
I am a whole new kind of crazy today. Should be somewhat entertaining
No tweeds a day keeps the followers away.
Fuck A Nigga Money Make Me Come
The Swedish Chef dropped a “say hello to my little friend” when he cleaned out the fridge! <U+2764>
President to Announce Reduced FHA Refinance Fees
gmail is down... for me
what you booing me for?! Lol
But if income rose (instead of falling) wouldn't that be neutralized by the sales tax? So people don't see more money...
Auditioning for the new In Living Color.
At&t raising the bar.
Thank you for the support :D
Definitely inflammation. Cutting gluten was prob the main thing. Knee bursitis and bum shoulder gone in a few months.
Ha! I'm twitter ancient!
You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough - Mae West
ugh unfortunately I'm fenced in. Serious problem. Ha. Trapped
The most boring tweets ever are on thanksgiving. I really don't care what you are thankful for.
LUKE, I AM YOUR FATHER...and your mother. You might want to sit down for this one son...
im wasting my time.
<_< RT : So I'm at the gas station to get gas. I forget to put my car in park and my car starts rolling back lmaoooo
Can't wait to head to Cape May this weekend...beautiful beach weather is much needed after this rainy week!
k thanks
oh! I must try that. Thanks for the tip :)
hilarious editing tonight.:)
This dude just walked into Bed, Bath & Beyond with his pajamas on...bathrobe and everything.
UTvac, thanks for following us on Twitter!
is there something in the water or is it the spring air that is making everyone act unusual...
Watch 9volleyball4ever's youtube videos, ya digg?
I swear he mad lol
you're going to hate me tomorrow.
Im beyond bored.
Ochocinco's sex face looks like my shit face!!
Are you near Biloxi? I've heard there's a little something to do there.
Played MW3 with Alex and practically all day :) What a great way to start the weekend! <3
Both and bring home series victories this weekend!
Alejandra wants the Italian guy ;)
Wendys Got Better Nuggets But McDonalds Got Better Fries
wait till you see them in person
One of the few Mondays I have looked forward to
I simple am _______________!
Google the real player and some other apps on this chinkey HTC wildfire S do not work. Your Android is Shite.
Cool story! Looking forward to connected at
I just want to ride in airplanes and yachts.
Tom needs to make a twitter.
Maker bots are additive technology (as opposed to sculpture that takes away to create an object)
"RT : I'm too old to deal with little girls"
Wow. 3 tries to park my car correctly to get gas. Now I know how tired I truly am. Gas cap has been on drivers side for years. Impressive.
Happy Monday!
welcome to the call!
omg... that was hilarious lol
You're full of Sith. Haha, get it? I did it again.
I'm so tired of photos on Facebook making you feel guilty from a sad photo and telling you to "like if you care".
Fire in fitchburg. 18 people displaced on guilford road after fire breaks out at 1:15 am. No injuries. Fire originated in basement...
#sundaylibrarian without coffee. We'll see how that goes...
If you have ever wanted to learn to play the piano or are wanting to revisit the piano,this is for you! Let’s all have fun at Piano Source.
I just got so pissed off.
where at
anytime! good day for a convertible.
relaunch coming very soon
Yes! it was at the opening of and it was
Last night I ran 3 miles - took 35 minutes, but I did it. Bye, bye 30 pounds. I might run the Thanksgiving marathon, you in?
I Can Take You To Your Ecstacy, Jus Let Me Kno Where You Want It To Be
Today is National Pi Day. Come celebrate at (Morton's the Steakhouse) with a fabulous slice of Key Lime Pie for only $3.14!
love wordpress but #ccitis2012 is slowly converting me to a google sites user. waiting to be impressed by blogger
I'm gonna throw you in my DeLorean and gun it to 88.
I still can't believe we have a megaphone at work. lol *yells at people*
But, yeah, my mother told me never to use it because it equated deafness with stupidity, when I was really young.
Booked role of PACK in the upcoming Webseries titled "NORMAL" that I auditioned for last night. More info soon!www.imdb.me/dannyboushebel
Happy Payday! What do you love about Fridays? We're open until 7:00, just in time for you to start your night off right!
Thinking about making a new fb, but not sure just yet. if i make a new one i it will be under an Alias, just for i wont get deleted again.
I need a(nother) drink!!
He liked me.
All those crazy #Flyers fans in orange look intimidating
Our showroom at #SeattleDesignCenter is ready for the annual Sample #Sale. Make sure to visit us at suite 120!
Kylie,we love you,when r u gonna make a duet with Madonna,u both r the best!
Not sure if my brother likes my weight loss or not lmao his reaction was ”look at you... Umm... Wow... Look at you” lmao
Did it seem in anyway not to be?
Dope! Txt me
30s?! Someone send us on a vacation, asap.
I am heading out of the office to preview some unbelievably underpriced pieces of real estate investment opportunities.
Hey, GUI lovers: What will you do when Microsoft cuts the umbilical cord and expects you to know #PowerShell?
thanks for checking our website out and the mention!
send any inquiries to me
welcome to the old Milly. Holler if you want to get some drinks tonight.
mystery = solved!
you should have never let go ;)
I think that's why they do it. I wonder how many people watch
God does not fix your marriage-he will give you all the tools & resources to make the necessary changes to get the job done. Read your BIBLE
“ Now, 5 Easy Rules for Online Communities. (hint) Rule #4, Don't be an Asshat. #140MTL”
Salad, wine, & SVU. I wanna marry detective Stabler.
ooh yes! I'm an earring gal.. I'd be all for earrings! :D
it's not possible for me not to care about you..
I NEED one of those hearts on my sleeve shirts!!!
first day of dangerous experiment: running home from work. 2.5 miles, and totally out of shape.
Just finished the first draft of my ABC pilot. Came in at exactly 42 pages and about none of them are good. WHY DO I DO THIS!?
underage sex. Underage pornagraphy. Lets do it ;)
get ready for live tweeting of
welcome home!
Hope it wasn't a GSLIS Student, but if it was, kudos to the flagrant disregard for contextual irony. Blame it on #springfever !
Family gift to my parents: sorting and converting 50-60 yrs of Kdchrome to digital. Contemplating archival implications...:-)
You dont just stumble into the future. You create your own future. -Roger Smith
Thanks I appreciate it!
leftover comic books to give out from free comic book day!
I is so sad. forgot my hotdog and I is hungry
There isn't a person anywhere who isn't capable of doing more then he thinks he can.
awesome ! hey are you at home or school ??
Watched my first episode of Dr. Who today.. in love <3
My week was "engaging" connected with a lot of new people.
I J-Mike doing a rooster....as in "you can't stop the rooster"
Register as both songwriter & publisher. As for noflomusic, it's just my handle for EVERYTHING, so that's my publishing co. too.
Correction: Jamal Crawford made 37 straight FT's before missing just before halftime. (Thanks )
RT : RT if you think is
thanks for the follow bro returning the favor
not until friday.. and then im off saturday! /;
yay 2 million views on It Will Rain. Thank you so much for the collab. I wish more artist were like you:)!!
Really impressed how they have thought through how to use #mobile platforms for various types of #hcm biz processes.
Saw your blog. Is that a look you're after? I like it, but just want to get your taste cause I'm not in that palette.
I wanna go out tonite bt wit who ?
My Happiness Is Getting Taken Away From Me : (
you better.
P!nk, Rihanna, Taylor Swift, Katy Perry, Lady Gaga, and Rise Against are the nominees.
I was just staring at the screen, mouth open with a lil drool.. LOL
USF represent! ... RT : Elsewhere, Jeff Cunningham & Comunicaciones are top seed in Guatemalan playoffs.
#8mins ! :D we love you so much!<3
yeah I just feel D'ing W da stahs has more soul ... Per se
I'm pro Fat City Loft project.
You walked away from the one girl who thinks about you day &night.
Free open computer lab, computers available, an instructor will be on hand to answer questions. Wednesday April 25, 4:00-6:00 PM,...
LOVE THAT PLACE!!!! Have a great time and take tons of pictures! And do NOT, under any circumstances, chase the rattlesnakes.
hey Isuru. Glad Senuri is feeling better. please tell her I said hi!
I can always tell when you fuckers are high on weed. no one listens to Bob Marley, when they're sober.
That too.
#ifIwasNiall I would do a whole lot of things not considered socially acceptable.
thanks for the mention!!
awesome! Thanks!
They shorted us a few pieces on a $200 to-go order and, while they suggested we "remind them next time," I've never been back.
Thanks for the RT :-)
Angry Birds suicide hotline, which level are you stuck on? #FunSat (every saturday at 10am cst for 2 hrs)
Hopkinsville has a great one!
Man is a goal seeking animal. His life only has meaning if he is reaching out and striving for his goals. ~Aristotle
It's cold...cuddle night
Getting glam for Celebration of Service tonight. Excited to see so many service champions in 1 room, oh and Reba too.
Great job on Letterman ! Hilarious!
What kind of friend recommends a dry cleaner that doesn't accept credit cards? Shame on both you and Waters Edge Cleaners.
Social media is the wave of the future. Yup, that's right.
awe thank u so much!!! <3 and can u please tell the rest of the band i said hi and that i love them to death<3
Google "Prune belly" images
Seems to me that your base "map" could be any kind of image representing space-- incl. a stage or theatre.
that's true!! Maybe I'll wear a dress the first day and shorts the second :3 or the other way!
I stimulate my mind when I think of Man in Columbine
Never let the sadness of your past and the fear of your future ruin the happiness of your present.
Procrastination it wins every time.
It's awesome that Cooper is sniper-riflin badass on Justified now.
i wanna be your bestfriend!!!
Sitting on the taxi way in PHX. Homeboy next to me has downed a 20oz Coke and half a box of twizzlers. It's 900 am!!!!
Those two runs we walked ed in are pretty big right now. This is slipping away quickly for our Rangers
What better way to celebrate your independence than to come to Pasquini's for free beer and pizza from 3-5?!! Come get some freedom pies!!
FUCK WHAT THEY CLAIM IM IN HERE TO GET PAID YA CHICKS NEAR SHE SWITCH GEARS SHE RIDE ME NO SEGWAY
just have them copy down a few from homework and you can zip thru them!
Enjoy! Be safe!
<U+2763>Love<U+2763> either finds equality or makes it. John Dryden
but, I've seen them get jammed...not fun. Still, I'm busting your chops for the foreseeable future for this one.
the hallway at my office smells inexplicably of shaving cream. which is not the worst inexplicable smell, when it comes down to it.
what's creepy as fuck is you stalking my tweets LOL
#FirstClassMailPresort - Advanced Mailing Services of Albuquerque, New Mexico offers automated presort for First Class mailings.
Follow me!!! I follow back!!:))
Must be you, our TV is fine!
To register, check your email for registration link. If you have not received this info, contact to sign up!
Right handed people live, on average, nine years longer than left-handed people
there should be a twitition for the boys not being allowed to wear shirts. we might as well because theres a twitition for everything.
wot's yer email address? Will send Awesome. Promise.
": Ok now the fight is getting nasty.#rhonj"they always do
hi guys!Just wanted to tell everyone thanks for followings and mentions! Have a good night!
Like us on facebook to receive more motivational quotes and more content! Lets converse about anything, lets talk about life and the world!
ON CAM PLAYIN WITH MY SELF
Great I'm being followed by Tiffany Megan--she's taking over the world. I'm a bit shocked she wants this one. Oh well.
spendin $$$ always seems like a bad idea to me till tax time when i realize if i don't spend it on my business i gotta give it to Uncle Sam.
Busy editing a traffic jam of book blogs. Can't keep up with my own chicken scratch!
Yes! I just realized the ad is on the back of my Women's Health. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094> Like, where was their copy editor?
MT: Yeah, and thanks to recent improvements you didn't even have to sleep on the floor. Maybe next time we'll actually feed you!
Good morning!! Looking forward to seeing you today. Prepare to roll up sleeves + dive into content, content, content! :)
Original Scared Straight program saw higher recidivism. Why does A&E think it is a good idea now? Harming kids for ratings?
Dick Clark made it to 2012. Now he's gone. Think about it.
Boom! Pow! has kicked off "H+ Music" focusing on musical projects with Transhumanist themes!
now following , fwm (:
We will have to meet up sometime!
Heat gon be good
private streets and public streets are in fact different. mayor is hoping to achieve fairness among all private streets.
Hey students: If you create a multimedia project for school, save a copy for your resume! We see many #interns w/ lost clips
Keep a well balanced diet high in Vitamin C, protein and zinc to speed up your recovery post surgery.
and myself have determined any show with the word "Break" in its name is amazing.
I hate dreams that feel so real
ya, love being part of the process, it really is magic. Cinema is King!!
lol Yeap we do..... I know damn we can't even have a party at the club anymore, thanx to Yall!!!!! Lol
would you rather go to a screamo band concert or a classical band concert???
Ah yoooo #FMG #We#Working DEF JAM RECORDINGS got at us m..... Deals coming at us
Cleveland is such an ethnic town. I love all the foods! At St. Mary's Romanian festival. Yum!!
Sore head to toe from several days in a row of hockey. Time to kick off the ol' skates and eat some soup!
My cute little dad washing my car in this heat when he can be at homr being lazy
def meant no one *
you're hilarious! <3
Time for a follow up MT : Dig deeper. some key players/SEC officials weren't talked to. Over at Ernst&Young too
May is Teen Pregnancy Month
I fucking hate my mom. Youre a dumb bitch.
I will soon know that feeling and I can't wait
same here g
“: Anybody know some good rap music about some real life shit? Name some!” All of Big Krit's mixtapes.
I remember when Trey lied to Furious while he was sitting down getting a haircut.
Creative up to four times more important than your media plan.
Cosmo Kramer is SUCH a spaz. SUCH. He makes me giggle every time.
Family guy:)
Sunday Funday means watching amazing casting edits!
#TriviaThursday Answer: Florence Nightengale is considered to be the founder of Nursing.
Remember Woolworth’s & Kaneshige Jewelers? Check out the MM exhibit. Go down memory lane see photos and other items from past and present.
My brother's gas in this heated car with the windows up<<<<<
Almost done with packing for Sacramento and #LerftCoastCrime. It's the short trips that take the longest to pack for!
love games no homo
Thought ole Blake was going to rip his jersey in half, but he really wouldn't dare. All talk, no walk.
what is it
Just hit up the local mini ramp in lansing, pretty sick and was fun as hell!
Trust me they'll like it. They love the attention. Hahaha.
9 free Google tools to use for real estate | Inman News undefined
Diplomacy is the art of saying 'Nice doggie' until you can find a rock. - Will Rogers
I WILL OMFG I'LL PROBABLY DIE FROM LAUGHTER
FoCoMX this weekend! We play Saturday! At Clippers Lanes at 6pm. Be there! Two day and One day passes going for a flat rate of $20!
With Rick Santorum out of the race now, I am doing something I never thought I would do. I am officially endorsing Ron Paul for president.
:-) Aint trying to be cocky , I got yo heart in my pocket
Hey !! I miss talking to you
To simplify things I should just change my title from "Supervisor of Student Workers" to "Dispatcher"
Are you google? Cuz ur everything I'm searching for ;) <3
hahah a virus ate it!! RT : A students dog can't eat a blog!
Denver vs. UNC intense #lax best game of the day
Lea Michele and Cory Monteith from Glee guest star on tonight's episode of The Simpsons, watch with us at 5!
Grace transforms fate into a meaningful vocation
does that sort of thing run in the family or..? Lol
Sometimes things have to seem worse before they can get better... Don't be fooled.
thats whats up. But dont for get about us brothers
I'm convinced we draw to ourselves ppl who reflect our character & values. Nathan's supporters are the most wonderful ppl ever!
these 4 days need to go by really fast!
yes! Love Mexican food. Need a marg now
Good times at Mordecais last night. You guys were a blast.-BH
as a reader if I like a book I am reading than I will read another buy that author not the editor I never look at the editor
. thanks Casey.
If you just put talk on web instead of lecturing in person, what would be lost? Very good question, not necessarily rhetorical.
I should...I need the rest of the week to recover from grad school hell week!
BUT I DON'T WANT MY CANADIAN TO BE IN A STUPID MOOD.
This is one of the disadvantages of wine: it makes a man mistake words for thought! ~ Anonymous
For the 2nd, write about the law that applies to your toy and how it applies (Use the paragraph from your summaries)
didn't get it text me now
If what you wished for came true today, are you really prepared for it?
Yellow bone super fine know im hitting it from the back .
uh oh....I hope you don't have to take your jacket off
NICE! Almost #Masters time RT: I was in San Francisco doing some US Open preview stuff. Will chat again this Monday.
i love you more <3
Those that would be fearless, must keep themselves guiltless. (mhc)
Im just ah nigga waitin on a fairytale to happen!!!
Week vacation at Hecienda Del Mar next to world class golf coarse, contact me for details www.mwishartpi.com www.mwishartinvestigations.com
parsons, I hope you know that when we part ways on may 17th....it will be the happiest day of my existence.
take a deep breath (or a big drink) and relax your mind...its as easy as pressing a key.......
Only 5 days left of school.
case in point
Looking for a new job! Possibly one where I work with people and not boxes.
Better than saying "Phillip Hummer with the 21st perfect game"
I paid, I went, it was a lot of movie. I was entertained for about 4 minutes.
got shades on your eyes, and heels so high that you cant even have a good time.
Looking forward to hanging with innovators from , , , and at tonight's Kickoff.
I can't explain THAT phenom. but not broken in the sense that it can still produce good, albeit in limited quantities, results
heading into the Park today for tech rehearsal! brace yourselves!
Sorry I just thought of this this morning. It's not "an escapegoat," it's "a scapegoat."
Seriously debating cancelling Netflix. I watch MAYBE 2 movies a month...but it's more like 1
I also think it starts with the product, it has to have something special about it, something that sets you apart.
Hope you all have a freakn fantastic friday!
It's really dark outside... stupid blackout
#jobs HTA Council is hiring! Event Coordinator- responsible for locating & planning fun & educational events the region....
Is that a response to "Going Rogue" or, dare I say, "Commando"?
Great idea! We've added links to high-res versions for most of the maps.
Watching God's work as I sit on this train. We are truly blessed. #OneGod.. bible says the goodness of God leadeth to repentence
Ironman or Hulk? Hulk all the way.
honestly , nah, you can't and.aren't you getting tired of capitalizing every first letter of a word? Lol jk
Feeling. Like john legend ...tonights the best night I ever had
"Livin' in a city of immigrants/ river rolls out & the sea rolls in/ washes away all my sins..."
Day 2 of: The Russian Brides; they are on my bed watching A Streetcar Named Desire.
plus for a worthy cause!
Putting Kevin Gregg on the mound in any situation is conceding to lose.
RT : Everyone wish a Happy Friday!!!!!! :)
no I went to bed ..I'm up early
“: You can touch the buns just don't touch the meet” Meat. Dumbass.
thanks 4 the shout out!
Watch for beautiful diatom images being posted soon on the NMNH Flickr site. Thank you Genna.
Correctio:n: My bad. That Brandon is ? Beaver not Napoleon. Beaver is a CB rumored committed to U of Washington
Happy Cinco de Mayo
Back n NYC grinding ....rehearsing ....
Sorry Mark, maybe next time!
I'm drunk enough to be drunk, but not drunk enough for the burn pain to go away.
Watching the free-again Dr. Horrible.
hey don't forget to ask!
Aggravated pimping, as opposed to what?
I've got your back, regarding and
Is at homecoming!!! :D
“: Good luck on your auditions!”>>thanks!
It's pretty cool being able to watch Coachella live on my iPad. Can't wait for this Dre and Snoop show later
love that song!
Photos by: , Styling by: & special guest models. . .
I didn't know y'all when I first saw you. And look at us now- We is BFFLs. Hahaha, but you're amazing, without a doubt <3
Steve Almond just told me that reading LGLA made him feel like a Jewish mother.
Sometimes I think the rumor mill is a living, breathing thing. Ugh.
girl let me see your 2 Chainz old name
Yup. Your a man whore.
omg I know so excited!!
you can't read can you? & not as ugly as you dick sucker lol
People who say "It is what it is" all the time -__-
Question, define unstructured data.
Sorry- I haven't been on twitter, just found your tweets. But we're set up nonetheless for a F2F. Try text, email, biznik...
Can't remember watching that one, but it's a famous quote.
It Was Nice Seeing #Oomf Yesterday.
Don't be scared of a little pain, pleasure is on the other side.
yes they do :)
I'm be lowkey trying to play call a duty but this dude never be on it anymore lol
To secure his base OBAMA promises more Post-Election Flexibility for the mentally challenged, but politically committed masses.
Beautiful! Cheers for that.
Finally just got to see the movie #RedTails! Can't wait to add this one to the collection!
yayyyyy!!! Cutest girls ever :)
Hey : sign up and I'll race ya to the finish on October 22! Oh and don't be jealous of my sweet spandex!
it more beautiful of a person is her personality and you have personality <3...
#ff we won't bite, we'll just say nice things! Studio 34: Fantastic supporter of the arts in W. Philly
Network Marketing is not about being good at SALES. It's about having a duplicatible system. That's why anyone can do it.
We can't wait for your review. ;)
Hoping to play at Orange Drive Miami Beach Music Festival 2012! Interested in attending?
My flinging-dirty-clothes-across-the-room-into-the-hamper skills leave a lot to be desired this morning...
I still remember the feeling I felt when I first started talking to you.
My wife and I just had our second baby girl. Maybe with all your energy, you could visit and stay up with the baby!
Hahaha! Juan, you kill me!
That's what they all say! RT : LMFAO, It was gonna happen. I just gave up 0.o
not the time or place
and thanks for the happy birday :) :)
I'm really sorry we missed you. On way to schmidts sausage haus right now, if you'd like to join us.
Hood love is good love.
damn Ann whats goin on with your shit HON
Haha, thanks Gwendolyn! *sigh* … poor Oliver.
Watching a movie
Looks like a humongous storm front heading our way in from the west... So much for a peaceful night's sleep!
i hate when commercials get randomly louder then the show your watching.
You also don't have to (always) wake up super early for class and get to take lots of naps. Lots and lots of naps.
Are you the same on the outside as on the inside?
#modasuckas shout out to big girls with food names Peaches Cherry and Candy
Hope your DH is doing better.
*so far
i really need to get off my ass.And try to get passed my mental issues right now
sweet. Call me this time. Let's grab something to eat or you can come over.
Really tempted to start a golf blog
Yup, im changin my major!
: Have you checked out yet? Go listen to their music!!!!
love you ladies! Glad you came in to entertain me tonight ;)
I hear there was a lot of back yard dry cleaning back during the dry cleaning prohibition in aught six.
The power of narrative becomes increasingly important in the information age - James Nye at
Thanks for playing a fantastic movie!
I hope someone invites me to a really great Cinco De Mayo party. If not I'm afraid I'll end up at The Four Seasons looking like a piñata
Am I the only person who worries that this new Wes Anderson trailer suffers from a surplus of preciousness?
RT In 2003, the CDC issued this alarming report: hoarding among seniors had reached epidemic proportions.
you flirt whiff everyone. calm that stanky pussy.
Back from Culver City TV audition. Now at the studio in Watts working on these submissions. The hustle never stops.
Good Tip!
Thanks for RT!
Tips To Your Best Spokesperson: Be yourself; you're in control. Know your safe place. of
#Drew don't stop singing. You're amazing & incredible. I can't imagine what you're feeling. Keep singing #Skyscraper <3 <3
Tebow is playing for us Now. Lol
Commission reviewing No Cal Congressional districts
*laughs* I'm not suggesting that he was the best president we've ever had, but I do think he's been unfairly demonized today.
Taking advantage of the free WiFi while waiting for Asheville connection at Charlotte airport.
I haven't been a reddit guy up to this point, but it makes for a damn useful search engine for free advice, I must say
four cups of coffee did little to wake me up although the sound of wind-blown falling tree near the house sure did the trick
Very ready to just enjoy this weekend.
Enjoying a Dions Meatball sub...m
Disney? Good luck!
- Any luck with the ride?
Tonight could be a good night to watch Hackers and maybe much later Donnie Darko.
ditto. Definitely thought-food for the #DHSI12 #DP course
Being all great.
Enjoying the natural beauty of Lake Tahoe while preparing to do a webcast to Johanbesburg. What a world!
sorry if anyone got unwanted messages or tweets from me. someone hacked my account and went crazy.
Thank you for the review and the listen! Merci Beaucoup pour ecoute!!
Christopher Leigh & Broken Arrow Tonight for all u Flint MI area fans! BEALE STREET Friday 3/23 7 pm till 10pm. last Show in Flint 4 awhile.
I have so much homework to make up.
Whoops I didn't hold my breath and honk my horn in that tunnel.
Graphic designers??? Send info
#YouKnowItsRealWhen when that person can look through your phone and you don't care....
(Woah)man -- is crushing this talk on journey maps. Nice work lady!
The money the dodgers are getting makes the money the mets have look like chump change.
The Wendy's drive-thru at Troost & 63rd really stretches the "fast" in fast food... its not fast... at all.
I like u
smart man!
Can't wait to see you July! My <U+2665> Germany and <U+2660> UK!
If You Make Me Smile&You Smell Hella Good Thats An #InstantTurnOn For Me :P
I used to be a hoarder of music, but now deleting files is strangely therapeutic.
freaking jelly that wants to be in your bed.
hehehe your cute x)
I'm a teamster and can't wait until November 6th. We are going to take our country back on every level. I will be watching MSNBC. FU
If you try to get rid of fear and anger without knowing their meaning, they will grow stronger and return.
They have it for the Droid? Wanna race? RT : Just got the 100 pushups app. The goal: 100 consecutive pushups in 6 weeks!!
I'm in shock I didn't drink tonight fell asleep around 5pm just woke up. Oh well time 4 some Arizona ice-tea & some
Oh shit. Just unlocked my tweets. I'll probably get fired or kicked out of college for my offensiveness.
follow back
New CyberLink Media Suite 10 Redefines Software Category - EON: Enhanced Online News (press release)
go die.
#allgamejobs We Need graphics #programmers for some great opportunities on the west coast.
My helmet disappeared while spelunking in a bat cave to which Frank remarked, 'a pithy helmet?' Then I struck him.
Never get too comfortable, you'll get a rude awakening.
I get discounts?!
thanks u too!!! For the pups :)
Swedish fish ;)
“We don't tell kids what to do. We help them find their passion and support them.”
Anything but the way out. I hate that :\ Skele-dude would have used it, if that were the case.
maybe I was there on an off nite... I'm a firm believer in second chance dining and I feel like I gotta go for it again!
Thank you sir! How are you doing, John?
RT Caps win game 7, Nats at 14-4, Wiz Kids on 5-game win streak and Skins drafting RG3 tonight: that's Cloud 9 for DC sports
you buy the fresh bacon or nothing at all and if your store doesn't sell unprocessed bacon, you get a new store
I think it's the heat. May be the time zone. Either way, I'm SO sleepy this afternoon.
You gonna be in Cali this summer? If you are we gotta get up for my shoot and possibly a feature after i release my single June 1
What is your favorite E-Mail Promotion service?
go to the Venetian!!!
Thanks for following, Heather. Thinking you should follow as well. Tweet there for RTs
Any news on accident on WPR? Was a child/teen struck??
likewise, hope everything is great!!!
Listening to Cudder on the come up..
It gets harder and harder to wake up....
thanks for the free webcast tonight! and to the douche who just flipped off the camera: who let you in?
A woman's favorite position is CEO.
I got the most information through tweets from the Giovanni session. I was manning the the sell your cellular booth the whole time
no doubt. Just shoot a follow back fam
I didn't get to eat breakfast :(
shock and dismay!
Hahaha I would hope not missy!
I'm so serious
Cool! I thought it was the Mucky Duck, looking at the show it's across from the Addison Market so I knew it was close. Thanks!
If CNN doesn't want debate audience to boo, there's a simple solution: Don't invite Mitt Romney.
Haha! I was watching coverage of that at work and I thought the same thing.
wow amazing man! so is the pizza as dope as they said it was in the movie? lol
Taking back the twitters... Or trying. Something new soon, cleanup and relaunch on the horizon, go iPhone go.
Almost game time. Be ready seabreeze.
wow.... What r u doing up so early?
yea dey suppose to
Trying to see what Herman Cain is gonna do. Can you call him and tell him to 'sit down' please!
ugly couples <<<<
This is your life, is it everything you dreamed that it would be when the world was young and you had everything to lose
Thanks for the follow Austin. Will try to have a listen. Keep creating! Come visit
Anthony Davis is going to break the fourth wall by the time this game is over.
I love checking everything off my to-do list with an hour left to my day...time to peruse the blogosphere
there is a secret handshake too
had the greatest night with my best friends Erich, Sara, and Jeff. Nothing beats word play, pretending your getting drunk off of lemonade
Happy Mama's Day friend!! Xoxo
"I wasn't that drunk" "Dude, you threw my hamster and said, 'Pikachu, I choose you" XD this makes me laugh..ALWAYS.
Weeks just snapped his 0-for with a solo homer! Wuhoo!
Congrats Fall '11
Thanks for watching. We like doggy breaks!
RT : Q2) Definitely am more open-minded about my industry now that I see so many others are thinking the same crazy stuff I'm...
First night of 's Divas & Desserts concerts went well! It's our founding Artistic Director's last show; I managed to only cry twice.
wanna follow me handsome? Never giving up on you :)
im off to a wedding happening at that exact moment. it's jessica searer's, if you remember her
is it scary though? I don't watch scary... Eek.
yes, they haven't been showing since Thursday... Any ideas? Thx!
Congrats to our drop of the hat shirt giveaway winner. Megan A. She chose our trademark Longhorn skull design. One of our all time favorites
where can I find the Hawk call from the game today?
Hello everybody
ah I'm too happy right now <U+2764>
ACM needs children's museum professionals to serve on the #IA2012 Program Committee. Email for details!
Well Dan, you should become one of cooks! You're good!
LOL! Currently looking for a cheap place to rent or a roommate situation. You might be in luck.
ha! We've got to do a little #skypeplay debriefing n my class. We hung up on 1 friend &others just sat &stared. Lol
DYHIW you start venting on social media and can't seem to stop ;-)
Please text or tweet when you know something about your dad!
an anonymous phone number tipped me off! Haha
RT RT : A dream is not something that you wake up from, but something that wakes you up. -Charlie Hedges
Sadly, not as awesome as I thought. See my new blog post about what happened when I scanned...
same here watchin in the heat of the night...
College graduation is on may 17th! YES! FINALLY!
I'm really excited for The Paper Box's first shows next weekend. Gonna be killer!
Those who don't want to park in "Frank's Lot" should just take the free Dodger Express shuttle from Union Station.
Any chance of squeezing in 's TMNT cover? If not tonight, soon. It's pretty damn rad.
soon enough kid:). This is the home stretch.
RT : "We cannot teach people anything; we can only help them discover it within themselves."--Galileo
today school picnic :00pm..location: 1600 hayes Street, Arlington.
If this bug comes near me i'll scream:(
yayyyy kevin hart is hosting the
Sent you a direct message. Trying to learn more about StudioVo
What on earth would make ANY bagger in ANY #grocerystore ever that it would be a good idea to put the sliced #cheese with the canned goods?
Makin statements assumin?! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>aha RT : Asking all them questions
Rock'n the reverb nation control room from the ipad2 2! Gonna be sick!
Once again, sucked into the digital media home photo internet web design pinterest web vortex. Ugh - must stop & sleep!
alright good luck on that track
Can't sleep!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Hey! I know this chic too!!
me to! dying
On to a hopefully productive day. (prefer those kind) So far, so good.
To all of the people who told me stories about their babies and I replied with one about my dog, I am sorry.
<----Smart girl wit a dumb booty! Lol
Well aren't you domestic? haha
Looks like the wheels are falling off of #MacAskill 's wagon re: #Megrahi . Could this be a #scottish #watergate .
you got a reverbnation page?
"Isolate the most obscenely sovereign desire from conventional pleasure." -Hal Jaffe from Paris 60
I am a flake. I don't mean to be. I just make plans and then forget about them. If I add to a calender, I forget to look at that too.
Wednesday, or Friday!
In the very smallest cot there is room enough for a loving pair.
Well this band just got the lyrics wrong to Mr. Brightside
David Stern - the GOP of the NBA.
change your mind yet ymcmb /Derrick
I gotcha
A1 I help my clients ensure that their web properties provide a fast, intuitive & conversion-focused mobile experience
lol you were to drunk lol
ohh sorry that makes more sense
Headed to to check out the bikes and have lunch! Yippee!
A 7 y/o & a 72 y/o in my life are going through break ups. Strange how the pain is the same no matter how old you are.
- Hmm, I'm not sure. And no fun colors in site. LOL! Just your basic black and red.
help what? Haha
follow me please123
the seniors are Jio, Eric, Renaldo, Greg, Blaasczyk and ...?
never watched that but I've really been wanting to. We kind of miss out on mostly anything that isn't on Netflix! Haha
For more on Stem Cell Research, check out www.StemCellAnswers.com
Starbucks is the only way to go
Make sure to Retweet our #PhillyHunt tweets because more followers means bigger and better prizes.
About to tee off at the Bog. Gorgeous day!
This lady needs to shut up already! Idc how you feel!!!
Today was an interesting day...
videos about bugs make my skin crawl, omg.
We can be reached at . Can you cc to ? Thanks
Thanks to the shout out from Tom Chanault on his program for PBHG on the pinks!
Looks like somebody has a crush on his former intern. Guess Bret Stephens will do anything for a girl in uniform.
For once, I wasn't lol
To hear samples of our other group, Elby Brass, head to www.elbybrass.com/music! Our website is www.elbybrass.com! :)
Can companies contribute to a Kickstarter? Any examples of a company having done so?
my whole family is just one big ball of clumsyness ._.
Came home to shower n change and was gettin ready to leave n it was flat
Is it football season yet?
I don't know if you were stating a fact about Coupon Suzy or if that was a coded message.
My work email isn't working. I never knew I could feel so lost.
As a kid I always wanted to see these characters up on the silver screen. As an adult I feel elated seeing that actually happen.
lol you know what the pennies are for right ?!?
G hasn't shown to be a hothead, plays the game the right way... just got crazy heated on that shift haha
I was including the advisors and investors in this observation
#IDBmtg Post earthquake expenditures will lift Japanese economy this year, Takatoshi Ito, University of Tokyo. IDB seminar
dancing in the hyvee parking lot u look up and people r in the window staring at u
“: TODAY: i quit smoking weed.”
no not right now. I'll most likely roll out a little later on this evening
Wow, 27 today! My family is taking me to a new theatre here to see "Jackass 3D!" Then my mom and sister are making me a triffle! :)
It was a pleasure kicking it with you at Laughing Skull!
and then that same 4 year old tricked me into playing Barbies with her.
Eric's point is well taken. 1877 was fast. Are we there now?
I know the guy in your profile photo. Bill Hayes, lives on Fort Hall Rez in Idaho. He's a model for artists. Happy Trails, Angel
I love me some Greinke but that's just...wow.
what do u mean? I live in SD lol
Apple is going to fall down?
hello boys :)
you really think is the best? You really think his chin could withstand JDS's boxing?
Raw veggies and a sunny D...
<U+2665> So happy you are born <U+2665>If you not born i'm sad...
The ceremony was nice today!
I'm built to Paula Poundstone pantsuit.
LOL see me sucking down weak coffee and rushing to work with a "Flash CS3 For Dummies" book in my coolant-leaking Jeep....
Taking Matilda to hear Vince Giordano and the Nighthawks tonight. Very excited.
Good Luck in MTL
Will be at the Keystone Conference this week in Hershey, PA! In the area? Contact Kevin for a consultation.
Is Arrow Electronics Going to Burn You?
lol u lost me im somewhere in freebands land lmao
Wow. Wonder how much time it took to work that all out. That is the very definition of a close collaboration.
Oh how cute you think I give a damn..
The trouble with children is that they are not returnable. - Quentin Crisp
143143143143 you were in the video for cody. you're really nice & we should talk more
For those of you who subscribe to , see pages 36-37 for the story of our friends at River Dell Regional School District!
Did you know: The Spring 2012 Schedule of Classes will be online next week Friday, October 21 You can find it in course guide & student ctr
He's 1 of the best. Coming to in June!
What is the point of the game? To rack up stats or win?
we miss you!
I am fucking bored.
so did you see FRINGE? AWESOME debut of the new season! Also the Defenders with and 'Connell.
Thanks again for coming from so far to be part of the Letter Writing Social and sharing your #showandmail!
Lived my John Woo fantasies Nerf-style while "house managing" #KILLINGWOMEN for last night. never knew what hit her.
No /: I wish i was though
I just fallowed you! :)
name it!
we didn't connect yesterday send me a direct message with your email and or ph number
I have the CD version if you need another backup.
So bloody tired of the disconnect between assessment and remediation. What's the fucking point?
I love it when they don't and then they fall head first into a pole.
Wish I was doing anything but this paper right now. Procrastination? #TWITTER!
cool! Where did you get them? What color? :)
thanks love you too! RT“: sounds fun! Hope you ladies (and Dom) have a fabulous time! Happy Easter!
Power of pics “: Power of #social: site traffic from now rivals traffic from Twitter for #Gilt - #dsum12”
wow me too! RT : i have never loved you more.
hope you had a wonderful birthday!!
Got an A- on my business law exam
can have a decision made.
RT For the girls that can't just mess with a guy but have to try to talk to every single one of them, get a life.
So is Biden still in trouble or not?
We drove your car to the dead end of your street & we made love where no one else could see.
Fuck yeah! Tomorrow pool party at my cousins house for his birthday <U+E42D><U+E00E>
talked to a girl at work about it today who blushed the whole time she talked about it!! Ive heard very steamy!
ok. Thanks.
Novak showing some Bozak
highly recommend following
may 19th!! Rickshaw stop in SF!
Best Tap handle ever! One of a kind!
Grrrrrr - well no selling out today -- Just gave Mother Nature a 1 star Yelp review for being too windy....GRRRRRRR...
So here's a scary thought... What happens if we nominate a weak candidate to run against Scott Walker and he wins?
I'm late to this convo but if you're getting back into the game you should definitely check us out.
I wish I was one of those kids that didn't care about being behind a few hours. I just want my break already. 4 weeks pass fast,
's kitties are out gallivanting around the neighborhood instead of cuddling me.
Me watching #fridaythe13th Door shuts abruptly Girl: there's something out there! Me: no shit Sherlock
We only need 440 more followers to give away a #free #flipcam!! Follow the on Twitter for a chance to win!
Imma do me
One plane ride left and finally home
#thesave I will be voting for next week. I fell asleep and didn't vote. She is the best singer in the competition!!!!!
Should be awesome
You can teach someone to be good, but to be great, you need talent. Talent is God given. You either have it or you don't.
Manicure; check(: now gotta take a shower an get ready for the dance! (:
Can we start loading money into a dump truck to entice Michael Fassbender to play Finnick?
sup girl
What would be the best way to photoshop sweaters, jean jackets and gold chains onto pictures of cats?
thanks John for the updates sorry for those mustangs but glad u saw a great game
thanks, definitely. If you're headed to this afternoon I'll be down that way sometime after 5:00
why are u eating my chips
Wow, she looks just like you!
don't forget the other three: your fur gloves and blazer.
Go black!: black wave FTW! you me My sister & can blaze the blue trail ;-)
Awesome! // RT : Should've come to Vegas, Charlie Sheen. That kinda bit is just called "Tuesday"
Uh, that was supposed to be "boo".
I could use my "Can you provide evidence to support this point?" rubber stamp on both student papers AND HS friends' FB posts.
My friend just got whooped in boxing lmao.
it was a double entendre but whatevs
Snap! Have a great time in Ny!!
Many, many, thanks, brother. Truly means a lot.
Welcome and thx for following all
Someone pls tell me the last time Detroit put up 48 pts
Thanks for the affirmation:)
We just got our hands on a new report. "Free Guide for Sellers: Getting to Sold." RT to get your free copy.
Snow patrol is playing in the mall I am happy
wow! awesome i'm very happy :D
find out what you truly love to do and then direct all of your energy towards doing it. Once you do this, abundance flows into your life
YOU NO IT
"Don't let past relationships ruin your future happiness, scars remind us of where we've been, not where we are going.”
Thank you! RT : Happy Anniversary!
Thank you, Britt, for your help. I really appreciate everything.
why are you looking
#MittRomneyFilms True Lies: Discouraging Under Fire.
is it too early to be excited for the #winterclassic?
Remember 5 years ago when I told myself that cross-country moving was such a hassle I'd never do it again?
Ugh I hate getting my braces tightened .
Thank you for my new go-to site for joy infusions.
Humus has two main ingredients; giraffe jizz and teen barf.
Changed my profile from hpnldp to AnInvitingPlace to better represent what I do. Thanks for the tip!
Will be tweeting about KY museums to support my alma mater in the NCAA championships. Learning about museums in my home state will be fun.
Love your new pic! Just gorgeous!
Wonders if the tone of Collins' "Introduction to Poetry" is insulting to students? It's such a teacher's poem.
you im freaking tired
As the Bhagavad Gita puts it: “Just a little pure awareness relieves a soul of great fear.”
At the gym. Its workout time!!!
S/O to & for helping out my tweet game
thank you for giving oakland a classic soul memory. Amazing show!
The art show is amazing!
it's our duty as a pledge to call out fuckdrs fuckng up this shit bro$! 200 bucks!!
This is hard for me to say but. Taylor Swift > Miranda Lambert.
Thanks Cuppycakes, you have the BEST business name ever!
Great RT : OK. That was "stunning" #SM statistics. And overall interesting site. Bookmarked. Thanks for sharing
Thanks for the mention, my friend!
Ladies....I like/love yoga pants- good choice
The SJS Project salutes #JamesBaldwin on his birthday!
when you argue with a telephone poles, there are no winners.
If #BradleyManning getting life in prison will be one of the greatest tragedies of my generation. Makes me physically ill.
Can I just skip the exam tomorrow and go straight to the drinking?
Why do you swallow so much sunlight?
No prob! Us Orlando acts have to stick together. Follow us back??
It's Fridaaaayyyy!!!
This year instead of leaving your Christmas tree out to be picked up as trash, use it as compost! Or chop it up in your yard, let it...
Don't let Facebook fool you, we're not friends.
Its time to sleep^_^
Took my heart away from money, ain't interested in fame, but I pray I never change
you mean with the computer? It's usually not like this. Being super slow today!
Come live in my heart, and pay no rent. - Samuel Lover
Believes that listening to Red Hot Chili Peppers helps IT professionals focus better while multitasking. Any studies?
The roof repair going on right above my office is really helping me concentrate.
I've managed to Dodge , but CarSon's review might justify a gander.
That's false. RT : Lakers fan are not allowed to speak on our lost tonight
just saw the swearing of Sonia Sotomayor as the new supreme court justice. Brenda is proud to be a WISE LATINA!!!
#SomeWhereInTheHood a cop is beatin on a black person
Mike - you know where Uecker's at? Is everything alright?
lifetime movies and spooey soon... Let's not wait until its time to "study" for finals!!!!!!
Looking for a GREAT meal in lake placid. Any suggestions?
When is the show, where can we find it?
I wanna do something fun
hmm not sure I know what you're referring to
offer accepted for country house; now the fun begins
I always knew his birthday was the 22nd steve harvey+ them kinda threw me off!!
i want to follow me pretty pleassseee lol for my birthday this saturdat! btw im watchin him on stickam.com/NathanRyan !!!
congrats man.
thanks. I agree. I think it's a good thing for the university & the city as well
That Should Be Me Holding Your Hand... DAMN THAT SHOULD BE ME JUSTIN :'(
julian, can you PLEASE follow me? Please<3
I want to!!! Ill probably cry if I don't.
Awesome! Thanks again!
. A lawyer blind to the injustice in pervasive state sponsored discrimination on a minority! Not a good lawyer!
TY RT : LOVED all the #raceoutloud tweets during recording. Can't wait to hear it.
We love you too
Great! Hope to see you soon.
party time Saturday???
Caffeine, nicotine, and alcohol.. One of those is bound to work right?
I'm sick right before my 8 day work week. Awesome stuff!
happy happy Friday, sir. :)
Hart of Dixie, my vice. :)
Follow me on instagram: Branc0 <U+2764>xo
How many deductibles are in health insu plans and what are they? There are '8' deductibles possible in every plan. What are they? Follow us
Follow For a shout out.
+ = extra dosage of Royer-Rants?
Break ups arent going to be easy
redfoo?! Oh my god, what.
I go back and read. Information is key.
Back in town!
Aahahaha , No Ma'am ! I'ma Be A Regular Person Sitting Watching The Game With My Nachos !
<---- THIS UGLY ASS NIGGA UNFOLLOWED ME!
My damn eyelids sweating <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Firing up the chainsaw. RT : Chop off your left leg. Old wrestler's trick.
- No clubbin, lots of music listening tho. LOL.Cking ur song out now. Chk out "Why" to chill bef u head to the club.
I feel fantastic. Must start more days with 100 burpee pull-ups.
Please do! RT you going to make it to for this evening?
It's on right now here!
You look like a lose cannon to hahahahaha. You probably wild as a motherfucker
I have 4 motivations now.....maybe 5 but picked up a new one....
Whole Latte Love - www.notesfromaglobalperspective.blogspot.com
Going to sleep. Goodnight <3
I'll have to examine that with my testees tube. “: #KateUpton isnt real right? She was developed in some lab somewhere, right?”
Independent music is finally in strongest position it has been in years!
Tonight's final episode of Desperate Housewives was alright but it wasn't as good as the episode where Pilar beat up Deion.
thanks for the follow man!
TONIGHT - DJ's AI & J-Roc will be Playing the Hottest Hip Hop & Dance Music and the The Lotus Dance Team will be turning up the Heat!!!!
I'm guessing Bobby V's trying to light a fire under Youk. Get him pissed at the manager so he'll get it going.
Blah blah blahblahblah.
Wus good ma ninja
Amen. RT #minitex12 licenses a hugely critical site of rights; must examine and challenge unacceptable terms
Is drinking Gato Negro and thinking of Laura Coleman.
It's a picture perfect PINKBERRY kind of day!
Looking forward to #Pennsylvania primary results, especially in PA8 and PA12 (my home district)
I can't win for losing tonight.
RT LiZlOvEsYoU22: How to fix a bad day: Go on profile. thats it:]
Dont you hate it when some people just dont get the hint :P
I'm too sexy for my shirt
I mention the actual slow speeds of my to them at the office and they call me "savvy", 3x today?
Mr. Eric Roberson I have to say THANK YOU for your Soulful words from the song "SHE" & for T R U S T I N G my Treatment. :o)
thanks! It's highly descriptive, for better or worse. :-)
Everyone is entitled to their own opinion. It's just that yours is stupid.
Me 3! : Really enjoyed breakout session on lit pedagogy with
Fascism is the merge of corporate and government power - Mussolini
Yo im bout to be in an actual video this summer haha! Crazy!
We'd like to wish all of our moms a very Happy Mother's Day! <U+2665>
#FridayReads The Graveyard Book by and The Hidden Adult by Perry Nodelman, among a myriad of criticism and theory!
can't wait to visit you later today to celebrate my Emily's bday! Look for a group of 30 ridiculously good looking ppl :)
I'm amazed at how many people know the Beck song "Debra" by far my favorite Beck tune. Love everyone and their high falsetto when it starts.
I would wake up with a sore throat...great.
Imagine for yourself a character, a model personality, whose example you determine to follow, in private as well as in public
oh ok
and i aint tryin to be in class after 5
Big congrats to new #UFC champ #dossantos a long way from the Bahia
Leadership: have the courage to speak truth to power. Sadly it is often about what power wants to hear...and it may not always be truth.
Nice work!!!
We are looking for ppl to put in our #ForeverFly clothing line commercial!!! We well be giving out clothes for the event!! RT and hit us up
City Center is working on a donation program for Japan earthquake/tsunami victims. To donate $10 now, text REDCROSS to 90999.
We could get Silicon Valley of the West & Silicon Valley of the East together. In Omaha for a Bacchanalia.
I need a change of batteries this morning or coffee.
thanks so much for the follow.... have the best weekend
thanks for sending this!!
I've got a boat now so ill call ya
can you ask Jordan what type of balloon animal or object he wishes Keaton would make for him?
I GOT THROUGH A WHOLE COUNTRY MUSIC AWARD SHOW WITHOUT FAST FORWARDING ANYTHING!
#nowplaying Glad You Came, The Wanted
me and a colleague
A man wearimg nothing but a chain and boots pulls his wallet out of the right one
Oh my god. How awful!
that's one hell of a fog in #Manhattan!
: the feeling is very mutual! :)
**They all talk about starbucks.... Lol
so the Inquirer is wrong?
Texting my Boyfriend til I go to sleep :) Goodnight twitter <U+E022><U+E022><U+E022><U+E022>
thank you!
Im on my knees begging you baby please just kiss me (;
yes the IRC will be on all day tomorrow freenode
This family next door are still arguing they started around 6:55 Like STFU already & be over that shit!!!! DAMN
Thanks mama!!! Miss you and your awesome vibes!!! XO
#Oscars : Now they've done it. Circus in an Oscar. Afterall that is what the show is.
#Madmen. 10 hours and 35 minutes. Not that I'm counting or anything.
i just peed 2 times in the past hour and i have to pee again..
The secret to happiness is to put the burden of proof on unhappiness
okay i am officially done:c time to try and sleep.. goodnight
So now I got 7 monologues...Now to put them on reel!
RT There's still time! Register for our FREE PR Pros “Secret Weapon” webinar today at 1pm CST with and !
of course!! You always entertain me, P_Fred!
Fair enough - I'm on it! ...right after "Say Yes To The Dress." Ugh.
To compliment a friend on building his new shed, you might say, "Golly! That looks like it grew there!"
Lmao!!! Degrassi always makes me laugh.
Lol! RT : Two chickens in a bucket
I would if I were in the area
Hah - sly! In this case, was just trying to help out friends by making connections if you needed on the ground access.
I will remember this fourth of July as the day my computer died
“: I hate when my body is like, "Time to sneeze." Then it's all like, "LOL JK."”
What I still ask for daily - for life as long as I have work to do, and work as long as I have life.
We are here to help!
is hiring! Know any Public Affairs #AccountExecutive or Public Relations #AssistantAccountExecutive candidates? Send 'em my way!
I passed my midterm :)
How does a play by play guy make the wrong call twice.. After a time out.. Smh
Netherlands bans tourists from buying marijuana. Yes, in Amsterdam, too.
We dig your blog, Gia! You get Charlie's email about the cool event we're doing? Would love to have you involved! Holler.
I am running the marathon for them :)
Fist bump. Keep rockin' it. RT : Sending a shout this morning to fellow sheep
Just got done watching #DEVIL , .... pretty good ..... but weird. ..
Very special thank you to and for helping keep us on task! You rock!
Play wifey? That's where she makes to-do lists for you?
Thank God! I hate making my bed!
Will the sboe release #Amendment1 results by ballot type? (Rep, Dem, Lib, Una)
Why am I just now going to bed, you ask? Oh, just spent the past 5 hours learning about #metallurgy, the usual.
Happy Birthday
Up next: Marie Radford, Chair, Dept. of Library & Info Science, School of Communication and Information, Rutgers.
that is the coolest thing about LA!
If you my girlfriend, you gotta do what i tell you to do!! lol
It's 80 degrees. Thunderstorms are bearing down on Milwaukee. My wife is cooking a turkey.
Who is hiding under their bed?!?!?!
it's friday the 13th, I'm staying indoors to prevent any mysterious happenings
me 2 alex riley and zack ryder are awesome so wat match do you want to see the most
Yes! #Sixers in town tonight =)
not important is what I meant to say
Tebow should get a 100 million dollar contract....he is like Vick except that he wins lol
Sometimes ya just gotta stand back and ask.. "W T F"?? Then, just giggle, a LOT! =]
Have a wonderful Thursday!
National Renewable Energy Lab estimates cost benefit analysis via model web services.
Physically, yeah. Emotionally, hell no.
Trying out a few new things this week: brioche, mini pies, and new cream puff flavors.
need a lot of people to follow these pplz: RT
Today is a gift! Treat it like one
They simply don't respect profanity!
60 cemeteries were flooded to make the Lake of the Ozarks- 2800 bodies couldn't be relocated & are still underwater. WTF!!
First look: BlackBerry OS 10 - Smartphones &amp; PDA ... - CNET Australia
I believe it. Thanks for sparing the details. Tomorrow? I want to put some thoughts together as you will clear apple soon!
Duane Wilson (Dominican) and Anthony Carroll (Tosa East) with 20 each to lead Playground Elite past CP3 All-Stars, 75-71, in NIKE game.
AND U LOST THE BEST LOVING YOULL EVER HAVE!!!!
Thanks for letting me ask a question on your show with rachel
:) Watch where you step!
For example?
Ya Buddy...Dj Pauly.D
Why did it have to rain?
Why are most of my direct messages (spam) saying someone is saying terrible things about me ?
I <3 you though =] Duke won it all year before last...I'm still bitter
Tal Alon-Mozes: Distinctions b/w kibbutzim & urban farms; Kibbutzim are rural and apart, urban agriculture practiced as a small enterprise.
Yeah you're just dumb.<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
No don't worry i'm fine. I don't care that my bf and I broke up two days before valentines day, I love your roses so cute.
Get these MFing snakes out of our MFing town!
i did not even know that was tonight.....
Id draft Burfict too late 3rd round read his story please on Yahoo sports u got to take a chance on him!
performance! Was just, I can't even explain it!
I hatee stupid pages on Facebook. Liking a fake picture of a sick baby doesn't make some self-righteous activist. It makes you a douche
So you mean you work overnight?
Thanks for spreading the word about our FUNraiser #HappyHour at tonight!
Living these hot boys in Aruba (;
LMFAO. #MINDLESS -_- HAVE U MET MB BEFORE?
Obsessed with Teavana's Samaurai Chai Mate! It has the same amount of caffeine as coffee without making you feel yucky afterward ;)
First cross country meet today :$ I wish wud wish me good luck, but he is asleep :'(
I wanna go walk the beach
My first tweet's for you. Happy St. Patricks day!!! Hope you're having lots of fun!! :)
Who was Matilda's sibling? Geneamath makes my head explode. Don't tell anyone.
You should just rephrase the question until you get the answer you want.. That seems to be what everyone does when they call me
Dont test me.
Welcome to the Edge, the edge of the Canyon James You were "digger", you have to talk us your experiences.
Is it really only Tuesday? I'm so discombobulated.
Could being monotonic sufficiently explain the tie strength between you and your HS buddy who you are not in touch since?
Lol ok... didn't even do anything ... but oh well I guess lol
Diane Lane is GORGEOUS
dont understand why kids handle things in this way when I went to school we had bomb scares but no one ever got hurt
...just a CM Punk themed page.
Faith Hill!
are you serious?
President to address Nation tonight.
Cool ... What time you going and do you know how to get there
Hardest question of the day: coffee or mountain dew?
voted already :) for you baby!
It's so strange being on a large university campus where almost all the students are White.
Watchin early today, can't wait to start workin with him, could be a baby Ray Allen #d1prospect #
I know!
can't wait to see you too!
Quit your bank. www.moveyourmoney.info
ugh fine, only cause it really is past my bedtime :P
That last story breaks my heart...
so when do u turn 17?
#casting Ok who's casting today
Omg I was just literally 3 feet away from my diploma :)
Inbox zero is a zero sum game. Eat it, losers.
xo miss you
Thunderbolts and lightning!
FACT: each day, I wait for a childhood injury to kill me. but first, donuts.
lol you clearly hate her baldnes
Jetro my favorite place. Yea rite...
I'm old school too. I prefer a land line over a cell phone. No dropped calls, better sound.
RT - The Jacksonville Jaguars signed former Bridgewater College star wide receiver Tyler Beiler to their practice squad today.
is going to meet & greets all day!
sony eletronics rocks.
Nothing like drinking beers on the beach at 10am w/
Today is Mexican Independence Day!
can i just punch a wall
Sorry I missed your rec, I took a turn driving! Any tips for 80/90 headed west in Indiana?
Do anyone think Kentucky will win the Final Four?
heck yea hitting the road running
Lls you know is true
too much chocolates..
#Pinterest has a freaking wait to join? Now at 3 days? Why does anyone bother? Competition just has to be instant-on & they w/be gone. Bad!
Nightlife is good. That's the thing that happens right after happy hour. =:-)
Tomorrow night, my #ADD nuttiness will be on stage for all to enjoy. My Stand-up comedy debut aka at Go Bananas Cincinnati.
Dislocated knee 8 years ago without surgery. The not so smart decisions that we end up paying for in the future
Nothing like a high school football game...plus w lucky parent might win a 10k scholarship tonite with 'kicks for kids!
Okay...what's next?
Inbox us to get on tonight's #ViperRoom guest list by 5pm!!!!!
If it were possible, I would go to sleep until 6:00 Saturday...
There is not too much difference b\w zone 1 & zone 5 boarding.
PENALTY 2 minute blue card for tripping Scott Buete. has 4-3 advantage for :22
Will these links be available online? Good stuff.
Aww looks so cute in that pink dress and grant and clarie and Taylor are looking great. :-) aww that makes me so happy
#RT just in case you want a cool Shoutout ;)
2nd Annual Naughty Leprechaun St. Patricks Day Bash - TONIGHT - Whip Lounge - 7pm-2am - Presented by AZ PartyLife Productions - DJ J.Alan
I'm 27 and my parents are getting divorced. Can I still be angsty about it?
THAT'S why you're friends with me! Someone's got to read them! And write them! And reread them!
okay no problem just pass it when you ready; whether its by call or email.
Band Perry, nice song
#bitcheswhowontdateme the Vice Presidents wife
Hey Bill, what songs do they play when you step up to bat?
this chemistry review <<<<<
#CbusMarathonTMT - I just started the Nationwide Insurance Columbus Marathon. Wish Me luck!
going to the bathroom before 6th hour and seeing those "dickbutt" drawings while im washing my hands was random
Plectrum Entertainment founder Curtis Hughes is a special co-host for Citywide Blackout on UNregularRadio.com 6p-8p live tonight
I can't imagine how bad Ben and Courtney's childrens hair will be parted.
Is There Any Chance You'll Be At The Botanical Gardens In Chicago This Weekendd??
Well, if I'm gonna stay home I might as well do something productive....like cut my fringe
hahaha you got this
Just saw the Halloween stuff at Pier1 yesterday! I love fall... but that's just crazy!
...minus the cheesecake
Shut Down Your Eyes, Log On Some Memories, Download Some Dreams, Save Some Joys, Delete All Your Sorrows. Have A Nice Sleep. Good Nite!
A little late on the ball but just downloaded the Mass Effect 3 demo. Happy Valentin's day to me!!! Aw, I just made myself sad...
i called you, why ain't you answer ?
Im gonna straighten my hair now... #byebye <U+E253><U+E04C>
The starts in downtown #Knoxville today with great artists like at
i'm on vacation in nyc and u?
"Jenn I love your CFMPs" "My what?" "Your Come Fuck Me Pumps. They're fabulous." Haha ok! Love my gays & my red high heels. ;)
Employment Opportunity: Marc Anthony Salon & Spa is looking for Stylists & Nail Techs! Attractive Commissions & Rent offered.
Carmen Capalbo RIP. Sweet guy, briefly directed Hansberry's The Sign in Sidney Brustein's Window and from Harrisburg, PA like
sound studies :(
I know it's Lions Sunday... but, any take on Cus Pitt applications to the ACC?
dude really, more snow? come on.
Like... Im In A Hate Everybody / Dont Talk To Me Kinda Mood....
...cause that wasn't sexual at all. Hahahaha.
I'm thinking about seeing a movie today, has anyone seeing #ProjectX or #JohnCarter? I might even just see Chronicle again (it's that good).
Yes, so sorry to have missed you! Really meant to pre-arrange something. Friday evening in Anaheim it is.
Twilight walk with dogs in woods by lake. Very pretty, very cold. No coyotes, no Sasquatch sightings, a good night.
is selling "Sprinkle Mountain" cupcakes to benefit TCC kids during Child Abuse Prevention month! They are DE-licious!
Thx for the shout out -- you rock too!
“Fashion is more usually a gentle progression of revisited ideas.” - Bruce Oldfield
Lululemon, please stop with the new spring additions. I am going broke.
Drugs & hugs
Yes, exactly! #sachat RT : burnt-out to me feels more detached, and not always due to stress, just drained.
Former Rep. Connie Morella (R-MD) on webinar says female scientists and #STEM professionals are need in Congress.
Updating the website. Excited for another Jenn and Elliot gig at #NationalUnderground this month! Yay May! :)
But did that car have to be hangin out the liquor store like that on 27 n Burleigh??
...so I went to Chick-Fil-A
Catching your best friend talking about you >>>>
A margarita mix digital the mescal media the grand marnier textual the lime. Shake well with lots of ice.
Good luck today first step towards #3peat!!
Ray is hurting now, he did too much today.
It‘s more than a #BeerGarden type of day. It’s a Kirkwood Beer Garden day. $18 Abita buckets and $5 burgers sound great for dinner.
John West ft Big Sean - Already There.
Ill got to say be a good father bruh
PLEASE SHUT THE FUCK UP
The district exhibition is ha!opening tonight, hope to see you there.
Find someone worth your tears, worth your laughter, worth your heart and loves you as much as you love them.
The top eight countries consume about 4.7 million horses a year.
She will go there i bet you will meet her one day! :)
#WorstBreakUpExcuses<<<My grandma hates yu...i cant b wit yu no more
Don't cry over the past, it's gone. Don't stress about the future, it hasn't arrived. Live in the present and make it beautiful.
Group projects <<
I I love you like a love song baby and I just keep hitting repeat repeat repeat
One of the penalties for refusing to participate in politics is that you end up being governed by your inferiors. ~ Plato
Rocky Rocky
More like "God help Nigeria"
Catching up on some It's going to be a great night.
We finally made it! Thanks for the welcome!
You are so welcome!
is there any ariana posters in the latest issue?!? :) I love her,and your mag!
So, with that ritual, I say goodmorning. (:
Dear Christian Conservatives: Really? Booing the golden rule? Do we need no child left behind act for Sunday schools too?
I'm pulling for Ben.
I think it was already vacated. At least for Gopher basketball fans.
What's your favorite ride at Disneyland?
Yeah :) I agree. I think in the 80's be great for anybody. It is weird that it feels like the fall season even though it's April.
DJ VA what up dear friend?
no no. All good
Positive + Positive= Positive : Negative + Negative= Negative
Happy #FF to some great Chicago Tweeps!
RIP great former heavyweight champ, Joe Frazier.
Baby you light up my world like nobody else!<3
that sucks I love
I don't miss the teachers at all xD
First Saturday tour of the yr tomorrow and a high of 27 degrees is expected. Let's hope it goes well and everyone stays as warm as possible!
I am so!
A period of travel and relaxation when you take twice clothes and half the money you need.
Yeah Vargas isn't pitching great, but the offense isn't doing so hot either..
Waterpark...holy hot guys :O.
Happy thanksgiving everyone!
yahoo cloud computing
Columbus Clippers game with Vince. Hooray for cool breezes in this 90 degree weather!
#atlstalk you should stalk me because I see you right now <3
July 4 weekend with Traveling Circle live performance Thursday and new video screening party Friday www.myspace.com/travelingcircle
I've tried taking those sexy pictures where it looks like you're smelling feces...but it just looks like I'm smelling feces. Pretty unsexy.
If your partner is a screamer, mute it with kisses. If you are the screamer, stop it.
Hi peeps
I cannot wait to get my roses colored, and to get my spider bites.
Ight man. Text me when you're close and I'll head there.
i gotta go there now lol . I have a reason haha
I got the samurai Bushido blade
was texting Taylor Swift, "dating" Lily Halpern, & is now seen kissing Emma Ostilly. WOO YOU GO BABY!
hey buddy. How u been?
PERFORMANCE TIP: Regret and Results are ultimately determined in the sphere of ACTION!
I didn't just fall off the turnip truck, you know. I fell off of a more sophisticated truck. An endive truck.
Longoria! And now no baseball tomorrow. A nation of jews comes to the sad realization we'll have to speak to our families at Rosh Hashanah
Life is a journey .... Im goin places.... she love the rush.... hit the clutch to get her hart racin...... "S-DOT"
Thanks for the RT Lisa! Hope to see you there! :)
Girls: We stare at our closets full of clothes and still have nothing to wear.
haha yeah. My right hands frozen. Look for me if u want. I'll try to keep space beside me
This was absolutely something that never should have happened. Do you see now what your words can really do? R.I.P. Kenzie
@ nope if you dk you don't need to
Sacrilegious! RT He shouldn't align himself with anyone wearing that tie and suspenders! :)
doing the "right" thing you'll never be paid.
Hacked by
I'm how do I get bore when I'm trying to fall asleep x.x
Just fwiw, since I've started watching, Tiger is -2.
I just recently bought a PSP &cant afford any of the wonderful games... Can i have a code for MLB10? Pretty pretty please??
It's such a cold Friday. Come to Tea Pot Lounge for some hot tea and get your $35 8th on all top shelf strains.
It depends on what we'd get, but I'd probably trade up...
LOL I was wonderin about that tweet aint no such thing
like last year there was a food fight, but luckily there was only 1 not 2 this year & i wasn't in the middle of it.
Just stepped outside to walk to the coffee shop. What a beautiful spring day!
Thanks! :) I totally agree.
Been a while, hope your holidays were good!
If you beep your horn .03 seconds after the light changes green, I will shut off my car, lay on the hood, and feed birds for an hour.
how much for the tix?
That is awesome!! RT I'm going to have nightmares surrounded by all these glow sticks.
Hey Jonah, found ya via & dig the blog concept. That's right up my alley.
Its raining n its ugly outside
yes, the brave new e-book world! Enjoy!!
RT : Officials: Defense motions 2 allow #GeorgeZImmerman's family phone testimony in bond hearing tomorrow. State OKs.
George Woolf considered Seabiscuit the greatest race horse he ever had the privilege of riding.
New OPTION TRADE OF THE MONTH coming this Friday, Sept 16th. We continue to profit in this turbulent stock market. www.OptionSpreadStrate…
Monday Tweetcast - morning fog goes away quickly - some sun, some clouds, and a small chance of a shower/storm. High near 82°.
there is no like button on Twitter...
I vote for to be the Miami dolphins coach!
son lo mejor.
you better follow me back
#ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate Later on, we can check out my dunge....ah, finished basement! Yeah, basement!"
it does(: u ask Ur mom?
Thanks for the tweet! It was a pleasure speaking to your class and be sure to reach out if I can ever help you out!
I am numb.
2. Settle for an uncharted path. Changing careers means leaving the well-trod path.
She cute so maybe she won’t, yeah aight nigga, trust me she will
Feeling fantastic after an early morning boot camp. Who knew?!
What Makes You Beautiful just came on & I thought of trystan & chase <U+2764> awwwe lmao
lol i knowwe i love her. She's so funny she keeps falling every time i turn hahaha
Our little girl has a bad case of reflux. Anyone dealt w/ this w/ their kids? It's just so tough. Any advice is welcome!
needs to follow me but im still #TeamCORAHN tho <3 ;)
Two companies that have no business in inkjet printing are going into business together to make...inkjet printers.
shawty tryna give me a heart attack
BaseBall game cancelled!:(
Glad you came by! RT : Just had the best Burger and Shake in DC
The correct answer is your child makes the decision. Not you.
eww lame & when you get off and when do you go back?
Valentine making station in the breakroom. Smh,
This movie bugged out..
so broke need money does anyone know where I can get some?
I thought it was common curteousy to run two chainsaws at 6am and by 7 you limit it to just one
The theatre dance instructor owns her own studio down the street and my friend Cami just instructed her first class there today!
Playing in Norman twice in the next two weeks. We like that. And both are free :)
great meeting you last night. Looking forward to growing with you.
Nice & Smooth Hip Hop Junkies Spanish Junkies Mix
Blues History: Nov 19, 1979, Chuck Berry released from Lompoc Prison in California (tax evasion)
Kiss my as! ..I'm on my wayy
If you are an independent artist and would like some exposure on internet Radio plz send me some music and info at Okai ...
Damn sound like someone amazing...
WHO has the guts to do #Boston #NEWS story about #Age #Discrimination? Call #CEO & ask him why he won't #hire Women or Men over 40?
the deli I want is like my favorite in Massachusetts
Why do the chairs in eye doctors offices have to look like the one that zapped Bill Bixby on #TheHulk?
Dan Fagin, NYU: Years from now most scoops will come from sources like anon blogs. Journalists tasked with sifting/fact-checking
try for smaller things or for larger items.
The Lord has been gracious enough to grant me another year of life. Quarter of a century old today...that just sounds crazy to me!
I have a job, family, a home and a beautiful ride or die chick
THATS GREAT ME TOO
Be safe out there this weekend East Coast!
Think its a little tonis kinda night
Awh. Okay I just fangirled a little bit.
It's the freakin WI-kend ladies and gentlemen
@ SCZA-- so jealous you're at the bruins game!!!
Can't wait for the avengers 2
Also, what the hell is going on in Fond du Lac County? How hard can it be to count the damn votes?
Failure is not the worst thing in the world. The very worst is not to try. Anonymous
Texas Renegade should lose some sleep.
William Stafford
thinks if you like it then you shoudda put a ring on it
where u stay?
#webarchiving Are web archives users looking for pages or sites? Inquiring minds want to know...or at least ponder further.
Great! I can't make the tweet-up because of another commitment so I'll give you my ticket. :)
Lots of moisture in the air today. Very humid.
": you fucked up my eyesight .__." Lmfaao i said caution
Oh and it was good seeing to!! Even though I didn't talk to her! Hahaha sorry I will next time! Lol
i know :( although my sister said an all-crackers diet did wonders for her.
Baron needs to pass. Big lip fucker.
We think so too RT "Linda Ellerbee is awesome!"
In spite of everything, I still believe people are good at heart.- Anne Frank
I Need Help! I Like This Girl And Everytime I Look At Her, She Looks Away Or Down... Does She like Me??
Just ignore he's just bored and wants attention.
there are no more jobs. There are no more bosses. There are only clients and customers from now on.
Thanks to the many active tweeters!!!
i hope you had a nice day too :)
no no bipolarism lol. I'm ready for the summer too. Hopefully I'll see u at a show or something.
Seems like community depends on personal investment and the gift economy to keep things going. [+]
Or the most interesting (wo)man in the world
looking for apts tomorrow in Lincoln Park, if you know of a cool place or good realtor let me know.
Power just flickered here, temporarily killed my Xbox,very very windy.
hahahah. "our fans are great"
Will lead app-based walking tour of Coventry nbrhd this Saturday. Meet @ Coventry PEACE Arch 10a.m.
is your email still the same I got some sounds you want to hear.
I've received a couple of media requests for resorts....wish we had a Chamber member that was a 5star resort owner to chime in!
Focus is #Gold!
yes, I'll post something for you guys today =]
How you like them Snapples?
Why did we get to busy to write a few words of hope on a card or give a simple smile to stranger... ?
Good suggestion, but I already have it.
Thanks for letting us know Jenny, we will have a talk with the driver. Would you mind DMing a little more info about location?
me too.
good morning cheri, happy thursday to you
Quote of the weekend: "Oh look! Someone cares about you!"
Driving for the first time my brother is makin me nervous
Oye! 4yo just came out of potty, pant round ankle: mommy the paper for my butt is dirty.
Keep your eyes fixed on an object 6-10 ft in front of you! Avoid always looking down. #LearnToRun #runners #runnerds via :
gotta love Rec Soccer against a bunch of young-uns.
what are you coming to Chicago for..?(:
probably has more access than my fake media credentials... :-(
#StuffDiggySays now hit that shoulder dance [;
That said it's disappointing that most of these occupiers choose a small amount of comfort over a lifetime of change.
I spent yesterday doing absolutely nothing, and I'm dreading doing it again today. Maybe I'll just finish up my wedding invitations...
We're hosting a gathering at Hearthstone Coffee House in #Fishers #IN on Sunday at 6pm. Open to the public!
"No Gates, no white trenches,...butterfly effect" improvisation by and with Henry Threadgill happening now at Playing it UNsafe
Happy Hump Day! What are your plans for the weekend?
Roger & Me in my pants
Meeting with the city today to discuss this years crawl. Anyone have any suggestions on what they'd like to see this year?
Oh I'm lovon the crew
Hey! You better not play without me!!!!
Atl & Miami trip postponed due to schedule conflicts. Updated traveling schedule COMING SOON!
is looking for a drummer! Spread the word for us!
Ten min omg
Feeling #Grateful... happy, in love, no complaints :)
love love love it! RT Remember this when you go into the world instagr.am/p/G1gpS9wAfy/
at all
DHS pilot implementing prosecutorial discretion, review of immigration cases, in Denver & Baltimore ends today. Next: nat'l rollout.
So true. RT : If there was any justice, Google stock would drop 50% based on their unbelievably screwed up account consolidation.
Wealth is never measured by what you have but by what you can give away!!! <3 <3 <3 <3
Need a bite to eat while studying, stop by the Robot Cafe. It will be closing at 10 pm today through Thursday!
girl it's just gonna piss you off!
yes, that would be why. #:) Happy Thanksgiving, Gweg!
#florida in one month, I can't wait!
Growing Food: New Places, New Technologies Conference.
going to start daily 3o minute walk Just like Dr OZ says
Check this video out -- money
Looking into your eyes is like kissing a unicorn in a pot of gold ^___<U+2665>
1pm on Sunday work for the podcast? I can stick around after to talk about the video.
#3words Lax for life
my history teacher isn't going to be pleased with me.
For the week ended 5/12, U.S. chain-store sales fell 0.8% vs the prior week. Year-over-year they grew 4.5%, says #ICSC index
Through wholly accepting what is... We evolve further in our Divine Intelligence, knowing what to rise above and ignore... FMHY <3
Big day at New Leaf today! It's our Holiday Partay 2nite! Come join us for bacon, ninjas, food & drink, 6pm @ Tavern on the Sq in Central!
#GhettoEasterBasketItems a variety of KOOL-AID packets
shut up RT : 50 used to body other people's beats and put his r&b shit on it
S/o to holding it down
twitter is better than facebook, so im on here more now. :) Niall is so adorable <3
Not to mention grammar and spelling. MT Random people of Twitter have a poor read on economics, history, civics, and civility.
we will! I do nothing. Text me sometime!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
For you, #CupcakeLover! :) RT “All you need is love. But LOTs of cupcakes doesn't hurt."
Praying for Japan and Hawaii and Now the West Coast! Praying for their safety! God Bless us all!
Muddy. Windy. Rainy. Happy.
You were hilarious at the Oscars! Loved your opening number. You are so talented and professional. Please come back again!
#nowwatching the regular show, cartoon network
Keep up with the latest C. Frank Webber and Interim Session happenings by tracking our hashtag, #TAFP. Use it in your tweets, too!
Looking forward to the premiere of "Miss Representation" on Oct. 20th, looks to be inspiring and informative, learn more
Just brainstorming friends- but if we have a food challenge,would you be up for it?!
#NeverShouldYouEver Try to play me cause you cant play no player
Those are the same people that only watch it during playoffs.
lmao it's just saying hello to you!
Happy b-day to my baby boy braydon :) he's 2 today :) (he's not really my "baby boy" I just call him that) :)
doesn't have a ride home lol and she is pissed :P!
Rihanna likes S&M, and I've got another session with my trainer at the gym today, so it's like, kinda the same thing.
I sat in Barnes and Noble and read the whole thing and got all teary eyed like a big dork. I guess I needed closure. ;)
at least I know more than
so philosophical...
Heyy I just got home!
kleptocracy: the goverment exist to increase the personal wealth and political power of its officials at the expense of the wider population
Caught up in this damn triangle
RT : The only way to heal FROM it is to deal WITH it. And sometimes the only way OVER it is THROUGH it!
I'm not mad, I'm not ignoring you, I'm just waiting to see if you'll actually make an effort to talk to me.
/ my thoughts exactly. ;)
Valerie's Family/The Hogan Family or Silver Spoons or It's Your Move?
"Collaboration is not always more fun" ... but we can't do without.
coffeeman... Thank you for the #ff! Try anniversary yet??
^ Childhood obesity is best tackled at home through improved parental involvement, increased physical exercise, better diet and restraint...
sudden craving of mexican food. what.
he said lmfao ok
Guillaume Mazieres from TEMIS: "When search is not enough: how content can drive discovery"
hey what about me? Am I already forgotten!? Haha
Woman on the bus screaming on her phone to her boyfriend about 2 very fat people she had to sit next to, lulz are being had.
Got the last open table at #Corazon for early opening. Everything looks delicious!
#301999 I'm the one In the profile pic :) xox
Sorry everyone, due to the breaking weather news the "March to New Orleans" special on 10TV and ONN will not be seen.
I should really be doing my homework...
Gah. So many things I want. Employers, Y U NO CALL BACK?! :/
Aaron Carter in the offer today to film a nice video.
school tomorrow. ew.
doing them Tommorow wanna come ?
And so it's Friday, happy drinks are on its way. It's time to play after a long day;D Come visit us today or tonight. We will make it right!
I love it, too. I'm saying it right now RT Juan de Fuca...I love saying that. I drop it into sentences just cause
Cleaning out the garage, which definitely sucks ass!!! :-/
you know it's really sad when you only have two followers -__-
i lack emotion & i shed no tears... LOLJK that line is the complete opposite of me.
Will do! Thanks for the warm welcome!
I needed that but we will see haha. Close stuff
have a good night!
Going to volleyball practice
Thank you, Barbara. Good point. And thanks for RT.
aw that's sweet :) it's handmade so whether it would last long in her hands... I couldn't say :) but thku for the :) <U+2665>Aoede<U+266A><U+266B>
Let's go giants
that's when you press 'delete as friend' haha
#tacomagohoma it's a reference to what WA natives call the Tacoma Aroma (it's really stinks there)
Good question. It really depends on the company's social media policy. Essence doesn't currently have one, so it is difficult
my votes well.
But would he (or you) actually pay the money to buy one?
Slammin' that thing like a Cadillac door...
#UARSSatellite barely missed me. Whew ! Hope everyone else is okay...
I am a member too. this is no joke
Lyin in bed in da middle of da night tryin to decide if itz worth it to get up & pee or if u can hold it in until da am
And... Now back downtown I go (on foot) to the Gauguin exhibit.
I wish I was in Madison today, period! The B10 Track Meet overlooking Lake Mendota.
all I want to do now is go to sleep.
Well first you will have to actually invite me over and i would rather do that anyways.
Not "alternate methods" but willing to walk farther to bus/El stops that I've deemed "too far in winter"
You stare, I stare back. You look away, I smile.
I Love You All :D My Fans <3
damn fuck Rogers county I still got warrants out there!
Quote of the night... "I feel like I'm on the movie set of #Selena!" Felix convo de mayo!!
RT : Great Minds...Think Alone
&#39;Super Moon&#39; to light up night sky
about damn time.
I've always wondered - are you in any way related to the Guha who wrote "In a Corner of a Foreign Field"?
hm....I may have seen ya
Those who like me, raise your hand. Those who don't, raise your standards.
No, it's called One Day. It's British. She gets hit by a bus.
If I can run 11 miles in a sand/windstorm, a half marathon on land should be a piece of cake, right? I'm going with yes.
Maddux is so underrated when compared to those 2 cause although he didn't have the speed they had his control & movement were unmatched
Staying in shape never used to seem like a chore. What happened?
Left over pizza for lunch. . .
This is dumb
I can't believe the Twitter app did that! Wonder what they plan to do with all the info...
we'll find him and put gym in his hair!
Happy Valentines Day!
Don't do keyword research, do content research ... or Matt Cutts will mattcutt you.
You will like the movie even if you haven't read the book, the plot is pretty well developed on its own.
im really sorry
THAT WAS.......FUNNY!! In 'Sundae' School, lol, great for a Friday morning laugh!!
Lincoln park it is
#artpolitics CCTV art. State security under a language of care. Surveillance art treats the camera as a human.
how are my beautiful friends doin this mornin
I haven't met your parents, but they have to be swell people. You are a darn good person, Mr. Gartmann.
Shower Beers are easily the best invention since the koozie.
Bold! thinks computation will have bigger impact then organization and indust revolution.
Listen to Rebecca Black & all will be right with the world again.
One hour flight delay and Jennifer Love Hewitt sighting in Las Vegas airport.
Excited about the 1st draft of my 60 sec pitch for Social Innovation Fast Pitch Competition! Gonna to be a fun night!
"fill the glass, 'cause the last few days have kicked my ass"
nothing ever came of it. couldn't get student networks to respond. going to #occupyDC tomorrow.
yah pretty sure I've got that.. so what "raw" footage to send that ladies way? I haven't watched all the footage yet..
Geez Mayo is stroking it. Hang on now.
That sucks, but priorities...
RT : Mark your calendar for the first Fund Milwaukee Cash Mob (and Social): May 5 at 3:00pm! Location to be announced soon.
wake up sir.
WTF JEREMY LIN 38 POINTS AGAINST THE LAKERS!! #LINSANITY #NBA (got off set late today, just saw the news!) ASIAN AMERICAN REPRESENT!
I Was Playing With Them Yesterday.!(:
Today in 1997, Goldie hits #13 in the UK with "Digital".
thought I could go the whole semester without having to deal with snow, but it just HAD to come the very last week. Not a fan of weather.
Yeah. Maybe Bandcamp or Soundcloud, but I still don't think it's likely. Would love it if it happened though
free just write for the website
"Nothing splendid has ever been achieved except by those who dared believe that something inside them was superior to circumstances."
#schoolmemories the one and only BILL NYE
loved it!!!
oh yeah!
Thank you back. :)
Fun birthday party for a good friend tonight. Psyched that class in the morning is cancelled. Php and lynda it is.
So anyways, good night. Wish me luck. Let's hope I actually sleep through so I can go to school tomorrow since I'm still doing testing.
Oh! Well, learn to hold your liquor like a normal human being. ;)
What a game
Can't wait to get the F*** outta here!!!...I'm ready to dip!!!
was right, if you want a lot of comments, write a Cleveland Browns article.
#TheMostInterestingManAlive --He warms up.....at the end of games.
I'm tempted to just finish the rest of my jäger cause I'm home alone and bored. -.-
I just got home from school and now I can be fat
Jamaican me crazy
Our graphic tees aren't 6 bucks, because the graphics on our tees aren't 6 bucks.
submission deadline is Feb 15th! Submit now!
Okay. I'm done. Paris Hilton has nothing to do with what Ms. Fluke was talking about. WTF??
- I am so deeply sorry to hear your news.. Thoughts and prayers..
You graduated unlv(probably in the 80's, when they mattered) yet you're on twitter arguing. Man your education didn't teach when
Static contraction training is an energizing workout that rocks!
Some good music playing at --->>>
Too many media types who never played the game don't get that.
can I get a good luck for my math test!! It will make me feel so much better
SHIT. Wrong account. Lol my friend told someone something without asking me first but whatever.
Since Romney is using Obama quoting McCain as if the source was Obama, Obama should use Romney's ad and make it like Romney said it.
Jeff Davidson is our guest today, talking about achieving a work-life balance. We can all use that in this economy! Tune in at 3:00 ET!
Thanks !! Glad you love it. Spread the word
Man, it's a gloomy day outside.
Respect Justin.
Social Media Symposium...Unliked!
Attention all Drama Queens - auditions have been cancelled for today..
every now and then i'm amazed that the four girls i kept in touch with from high school are ladies i've known for 15-20 years now. so cool.
refs... Deciding to make 2 BS calls at this point? Seriously?
If you hit Phila., the Franklin Institute should definitely be on your list. Great place for kids.
the awkward pictures omfg.
no prob. That about you today- hope all is well!!!
Was just in a new business presentation where i say "I'd just like to introduce myselves." .myselves ...as in my multiple personalities?!
no. I was only in Shanghai and surrounding area. Maybe This summer I will get up there too! I wanna see the great wall, etc
r u coming out this saturday
I know - my car tends to fix itself ? It's magic basically lmao
you and these ridiculous songs
Thanks for the #FF!
Yo,whats good bro,are you free 2 day
RT- sittin on da beach//// Only way to do it!
As a middle-aged 2nd career librarian, I sure would embrace it! :) Doubt it would ever happen to me, tho
Jessicas aunt is my favorite
There is a rumor you're running a workshop in Philly on April 22, sponsored by Pew/HPP. Truth?
reached out to directly via email. Do you recall receiving an email from me?
SO YOU ANSWER ME ON TWITTER BUT NOT MY TEXT
I'm collecting newspapers for a special project, if your in the palmetto bay area I would like to come by and take them off your hands!
We wish you a Merry Christmas. We wish you a Merry Christmas. We wish you a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year!
It energizes those fighting on the front lines and gay men and women across the nation. Makes us feel the hate a tiny bit less.
is getting together audition information.. stay tuned!
Fuck bitches. Get money.
It's cool though!
(FW :)Steelers hire former Chiefs head coach Todd Haley to be their offensive coordinator.
My church () is the best ever. just sayin... :)
hello! thanks for following us. check us out at facebook.com/mufasatheband
of course! #ifwewin the #megamilions we will be sure to shell out some your way too :P
BlackBerry Curve 9320 shows up on T-Mobile&#39;s site, heading to the UK next month?
kk I followed you! pls follow back?? :)
Loving is not just looking at each other, it's looking in the same direction
Hi Nick
#AGirlDeserves to feel happy at least once every day . Thts wht does for me . And im NOT letting you go .
please provide updates re Sandy Koufax for the Eve 6 show. thx
#NP Above & Beyond - Far From In Love (Original Mix)
haha it's ok. When your following someone you can send them a private message without anyone else seeing but you and them
hahahah girl I've been day dreaming al week long about him<3 well more like all of them (:
Talking divs and jquery and stylesheets with on the way to
downloading it right now <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C> follow back
Get ryt shawwwty. Ittsa bout ta be on time.
should deff be in your next sign! (:
screw math im going to bed
Long boarding is actually fun haha :D
guess me doing nice things makes me the bad guy
David nail<3
Great day in Denver, Peyton make the right decision!!
#civilwar FOTD. On this day in 1861, Raphael Semmes resigned his commission in the US Navy and prepared to report to Montgomery, Alabama.
saw you on Portlandia tonight. Great job.
IM NOT A FAN OF SELFISH PEOPLE! !!!
#INDIETIPS BRAND YOURSELF, STAND OUT!
Churros in Chi-Town
Dude has major issues. I keep hearing stories about him from different people who have worked with him. Certified toolbag
We provide therapy for adults with-Anger Management issues.
Thanks for the kind words and shares ! and myself had a lot of fun chatting w/ !
Hello NYC Hooligan! Thank you for following me <U+2665>
i feel so socially deprived.
Fordham Rams 1/4 ' ‘Rams ’ on 6 mm Rollo Bracelet – Sterling Silver Jewelry
Hating Bank of America right now.
Glad you found us! We're following your cake pop trail, too! :)
All #finns look alike
#FirstEdition #TheBusinessOfPdx pouring #Starbucks for #Mickey at the happiest place on earth-more w/
thanks I appreciate that! I will send as soon as I update content. Been crazy busy lately. Def could use the support
and to all new followers we appreciate the follow! Visit www.AustinDiamond.com :)
darn I Cant be Chinese for tomorrow, cuz I have more than One child.. Bummer
#lol if moreno shows 1 more youtube clip ... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
hell naw! its a joke and I'm not a stick
Thanks for the follow Jodi!
I plan on streaming the flirty, frisky, fun on Keep Calm & Carry on & :)
Judy Moody And The Not Bummer Summer, I like how that rhymes. I'm easily amused.
I live at a crossroads btw higher Ed & philanthropy, but how to explain what it looks like from here? Maybe Twitter is a space to explain...
just did aerobics for 1 hour and burned 1118 calories. Total burned so far: 2236 calories! on 5/9/12 at 9:23 AM
Hi Clifford! Thanks for the #FF mention. How was Texas? Let me know if you get to Austin & I'll buy you a 65 degree drink!
Are you always a douche, or do you just play one at the club?
Nothing is really work unless you would rather be doing something else.
WOW, i dont think ove ever.been happier in my life. Im so proud of you girls youre makiing it so far. *cries*
Interesting content to be found:
You can count on a great show and amazing vocalist Faith Gallardo
Sometimes it's hard to avoid the happiness of others. Assael, David
oh come on. it's going to be beautiful!
You too. Happy Friday.
Happy birthday to our partner, friend & all around great organization America's Promise Alliance !
I finally remembered my password after losing my phone! TYGER Is back bitches!
yes mam i gotta follow you without a doubt
If you live life according to the "odds" you will never really live at all.
God will show up when you least expect him.
Run today MINUS double stroller, PLUS old-school Janet Jackson. No my first name ain't Mommy. It's Page. Miss Fehling if you're nasty.
Don't wait until the last minute to do your Christmas shopping & wash your hands & BE NICE!!!!!
Don't tell me what to do! RT : Back off!!!!RT : Josh Turner. Aghhhh! <3 Marry me?
Yes, great episode of Brothers and Sisters, Holly & Nora as Thelma & Louise. Very exciting.
I got a Bad Bitch... She more than Cute .
Nah, she was kind of young, mousy and scrawny. Probably your type.
We can live beside the ocean, leave the fire behind. Swim out past the breakers, watch the world die
Also, David is so adorable. Like, what is this dude.
i dont even know why i boder to care about you any more
Hi! Thanks, Quentin. I hope that you will check out our Fan Page on Facebook. "Tales from the Stage"
-In Science Class Itzz Poppin In Here..!
no I insist<U+E40A>
I DONT THINK I WILL EVER REALLY BE "INTO" THIS SOCIAL SITE SHIT NIGGA GON HAVE 2 HIT MY LINE OR SEE ME N DA STREETS
Fuck everything now I'm Wildin for respect
We must be nearing the end of the semester. Citation citation citation questions at the ref desk.
Clutch RT UK finished the game on a 20-4 run after trailing for nearly the entire game.
lol well the goals are part of soccer lol no I do like it the just take too long sometimes!
really, i have a legit question.
Wtf Mcdonalds you cant call it sweet tea.if theres nothing sweet about it.... Im mad I need that sugar to wake me up, now wht :/
hope you can sir!
I'm excited to watch SpiderMan 4
Mortgage rates took a turn for the worse this week, dragging down refinance activity in the process.
That is genius.
Out to the hospital to be there when my big brudder become a daddy :')
WORLDPEACE CAME BACK AND PIECED EM UP!
participate in everything you can! Be friends with everyone! Have fun! Work hard! It's all worth it at the end, only one for me!
get it girl!
Beef jerky so good!
You doing the most
What's the talk in your library today?
Some people may find this trait annoying. We mean well! #leo #allheart RT : You cannot stop a #Leo from loving you
I'm so pissed I'm shaking
what kind of animales do You like?4
I assume you have, but have you seen Wisconsin Death Trip? I recently just watched the documentary (loved it).
This member of the #messengers is voting for P2 tonight and I urge y'all to do the same.
Do you know that if you refer a new client to Details we are going to give you a FREE Shampure Shampoo AND Conditioner? True!
Only thing that looked familiar was Marnie begging bf not to breakup with her. I did that in my early 20s. No need to see it 2x.
watching burlesque <3
wat u mean??
GET THAT WEAK SHIT OUT LEBRON!!!!
Todays my birthday :) I'm 14
look forward to sharing many more tweets with you!
Have you taken your chem final yet?
": So happy right now with my he is the best <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>"aw... So sweet!
Hope you get a chance to check out what we are doing!
RT - who cares about #MU/KU when are right ?
How much more $ is in your pocket since you sent the #Tea Party to Congress? Installed them in state houses? How much $$ do you have?
Access 34,000+ Happy Hours nationwide! Other FREE apps try 2 duplicate the magic, but there's only 1 worth downloading www.gotime.com/mobile
If you're not following , you're really missing out. I hope he never gets found.
I wish there were fewer launch parties and more "lunch parties." Oh well.
Congrats on your defense - just in time to start teaching!
Sex and drugs, sex sex and drugs...we want some sex and drugs ;)
Greet each day with a positive change and magic will happen!
Can you imagine what I would do if I could do all I can?
Just got woke up at freaking 6 in the morning to go to Walmart! What the crap!? Not happy!
Wow! Just watching a zombie & robot!
The best art should hold one in a unique experience.
Is Perry quitting again?
We need to find a soft serve truck around here ASAP!
Use the county that you live in as the password.
Every emotion can be found in a song. The happy ones are there. You just have to look for them.
New!!! We now have 3.5 x 2 stickers at the same great price as our flyers!
If you insist on outside please start roaring fire on next table
I'd rather stop congress' assault on the separation b/w church & state & the anti-American "Christian" push toward theocracy.
Orang Pendek is most probably remnant of Homo floresiensis
Q0+) I also learned I should eat more than a piece of chocolate cake for lunch. :-(
Gaddafi will now be forever remembered as Sadistic Monster of the Middle East.
<--- knows how to make a girl smile. You're amazing , don't forget that<3 & handsome too(:
::very very sharam::
ooh, that's WAY cheaper and less maternity-leave-y than the other way.
#GOP elected leaders are denying U.S. Constitutional #DEMOCRACY & Human RIGHTS 4 all American RED STATE citizens thru #GOP VOTER SUPPRESSION
Looks like we are following the same event schedule!
I don't even like being at my own house anymore. How many days until #Graduation?
Those "I love you more" fights >>>
shoving pizza down my throat before this interfview
I second that! ": I kinda want Allison Clarke to be my life coach. #nwxportland"
making my new twitter account after the dflyzer never woke up
New summer concert shell and latest and greatest IDs added!
#incaseudontknow WHITE MOUNTAIN TRAIL MIX is the best mix.
. Hi Iswar, thanks for the follow- looks like you teach social enterprise?
cant wait to see you guys in action next year
Excited to have our editor at #tocchicago today!
Might go check out some #Hydroponic Lighting today.. You n*ggas aint busy
LOL RT : Did Sarah Phillips give a Derby pick?
G.M.N.I.: I really need "The Last Dragon" on dvd. A true
Must be time to unfollow Timbers fans again.
He's still chairman though
If Ramirez starts hitting St. Louis like his career has shown, he can suck against everyone else. We need something against the
No one does ultramarathons to improve their health. That's like shooting a rabbit with a machine gun.
Trying To Forget Someone You Once Loved, Is Like Trying To Remember Someone You Never Knew
thanks so much! You guys rock!
nope the lovely amare' on monday smh
You're welcome :)
hey folks
Trog! The monkey that works with the calliope player in the park is out of work! We have to help him find a job! --Clay
I'm fina come
Who's working on a project that's not due until April? THIS GUY. #howamistillsingle?
Wow, another fabulous day! had a model search/casting today at Nagas, we had over 80 people show up!! looking forward to fab new beginnings
idk? Why do you?
“ Don't see obstacles see opportunity! With God ALL things are possible! #StayUp”
Geek initiation means custom coder pledges (and commit sounds) from the interns
webwise it's pretty awesome, we had Levar Burton this morning.
Listening to music:)
yeah imm goin home in like 5 days :) !!! Im So Exited
"We lose people we love because we're meant to love someone else. We lose them cause we're destined to find someone else."
Killing Joke - Democracy
When I really think about it... Auditions are so strange.
Good day congrats to all the #UTC graduates
#subwayfitchat How can I make my workout more effective with hand weights?
Chef Geoff's Downtown supports the REDSOX & THE REDSKINS!!
it's unfortunate that the male "leaders" in the church are so intimidated by the women who so faithfully serve the Church, God.
Does anyone know what Mitt Romney's lying points are today?
I may have to catch the 3D Avengers today.
->I had the burger and it was really good. Fresh ingredients. The guy & girl behind the bar were working hard & w/enthusiasm.
Here's to some miles clearing my head.
Happy birthday (Pinky). Took you long enough to reach 21.
I'm under the weather today, and all this week. I miss you Tweeps... I'll return as soon as I am 100%
Everybody do yourselves a favor stay from downtown until Monday it's one big jam!
training forms after a delightful BGI chiropractic adjustment, feeling free, clear, and alive! boyfriend's flight just landed, yahoo!
¡Sí! “: "Mama; Solo hay una / You only have one Mom." - Celebrate her when she is with you, honor her memory if she is not.”
Omg phillip phillips is too cute
It was a LOT of work. But, it was worth it for me. I enjoy teaching. Actually didn't plan to be a teacher. Just happened.
Hope you have a great experience there. Lots to see and do... but you're there to #dowork . Bring home 3, please!
You best be going to the North Shore today.
How's about you get our old friend to 600 followers?
I think they will :) Glad Joss and Evie are well, even with that kittenish mischief.
#TimeOut #CLIPPERS 19 #Grizzlies 17 ABC announcer just said Clippers were up by 9.. not sure which game he's watching LOL
is having his signature brunch drink: Wit-mosa... Great White beer (or a Wit style beer) w fresh sq O.J.
Also, IMHO economists have an excessively cramped and price-focused conception of efficiency.
did you already get them?! i thought its sold out?
You love us RT : Naked White People though....... ????
I got asked not to work so efficiently. At work. Ahahahaha!
"pop that sucker open and pass it around"
smiling more than u frown......is our definition of Success!
oh my goodness, when you hit hit 60 then you can be sad about how old you're getting lol
> pocketbook issues even though they don't have paid jobs (where Rosen's wrong), but *Ann Romney* doesn't understand them cuz Mitt's rich!
And the Reading Rainbow & ST: Next Generation theme songs play us out to break at #webwise!
Kill procrastination by finding inspiration--you won't want to procrastinate if you're passionate.
Yeah but I poke back when you least expect it, rather than right away.
Ah, I hear this song and I think of
king of the back handed compliment. Ohh look tony's doing his job how cute! Never change bro! You are the best
Thanks for the RT! Happy Friday to you. Hope you have a great weekend.
Can't wait to see Titanic 3D
#Seattle women--we want you to meet Emily! RT : The meetup in #Seattle is canceled. Need more participants.
wow I love that
That's adorable!
#Warren ~JP Morgan Chase took risky bets and lost two billion dollars in a matter of weeks. #Walker is in who's game! | #wiunion Democracy
What's next?
I don't know what to tweet about... Ha
cant help who i love *shrugs*
We are definitely going to miss #Summerfest when it's over tomorrow. Getting more than 4 hours of sleep= priceless.
Sweet! How are you liking Raleigh? My bf went to school there so if you need any tips or wanna meet peeps we can hook you up!
It needs to get warm soon so I can run or my legs turning to flab ew
Funniest Steve Allen clip: in his shorts onstage, they smeared dog food on him, made him holler "gravy train" and 15 dogs ran onstage. Haha
Checkin out the new apartment tonight. Ready for a new pad, used up all the vibe here
Lmfao! Good one!
Adele is phenomenal!
love you. <3
Know anyone who hasn't eaten food? And yet stores are not required to give free food... but there r charities/food kitchens..
That's such great advice! I've decided to build my network by connecting directly.
KISS playing with Motley Crue August 8 in Englewood! You going, ?
Still some spots open for the Comedy Gym 's Daughter. 8 PM show, 5 minutes, all new. Who want's to play?
Lol, I wasn't planning on asking him. Daniel would probably be shot!
oh excellent thanks! where did you hear that? i just googled it like crazy & didn't get any answers...
I can't figure out what #Louisville uniforms remind me of. Maybe Hotdog naked after a day game.
I feel like we should start classy wine sundays this summer... A glass a wine with a good tv show/movie....
Windy day come in out of the cold and warm up with a pumpkin chai Open til 8 pm tonight. Show this tweet. And get 30% food or drink
ATLAS and ATHENA programs - effective drug use prevention programs for high school athletes. www.atlasprogram.com
Your cat has mistaken me for Pepe Le Peau. True, I have ze manly qualitieez of a lover, but it cannot be.
Ever have a event n music city let us know
At what point are we going to stop using #slatepitches and start using #gawkerpitches instead? Pretty much the same thing lately.
Wife told me I needed to see a pedantiatrist; she should have said 'pedantiatrician'.
That's part of the downfall of boxing and my initial point. We are too PC for the sport.
Damn. When did you start listening to good music?
not drinking these days, but would love to c u. xo
I think a museum needs to go ahead & buy up J. Dilla`s record collection.That IS history.Rock&RollMuseum,Smithsonian where ya`ll at?
How did you get that Fells fumble? Thank you, you are da Man! That changed the game!
IL: Mauro Gomez 2-run double puts #PawSox ahead of Columbus 5-0 as sixth inning begins. Doug Mathis still working very well.
Bank of America to pay $335 million to settle federal claims that Countrywide discriminated against minority borrowers.
"I told you you'd find one eventually, you just have to go through a bunch of shit heads first."
Now watching #SFGIANTS VS #MARLINS zambrano vs zito battle of the Z's comcast sports bay area ch419 dish network. #FUCKHOCKEY GO!!
ciroc berry and sprite all night!!!
Dodgers fans booing include a bunch of people who hit him up for autographs...but man, his haircut is TRIFLING.
Coach Scott: "We have a calm confident team. You have to credit Olson, O'Neale and Udofia with some of that."
Wait Hilary duff had a kid?? Wow
We got a show! If you're in or near Troy, NY then come to Broadway Brew tonight! We're gonna extra crazy because we're so happy right now!
Zillow Launches First Mobile App for Rentals
Alan, as it has rained at least 70% of all of the times that I have been to England isn't it wet everywhere?
have a great Saturday!
ugh so much laundry & cleaning to do before gets here tomorrow, can't fucking wait!!
Martin #Scorsese just thanked my uncle on the Emmys. Can't help it--I'm kind of psyched by that.
:) of course
Happy national piercing day....Maybe I will get the bellybutton ring I have always wanted..
Thanks for the mentions !
Your life problems are HALARIOUS.
Clear your head... Breathe.... AND PARTY LIKE ITS 1999
Yeah that does take some dealing....well I think its great -Caden
Congratulations!! That's awesome and definitely a reason to celebrate!
I can't take seriously when she's jamming in the library.
check out it's a community for charitable causes to seek advice and help one another
awhhhh. that's so cute. they must mean a lot to you. :')
eek that doesn't sound good biggyyy
Thank YOU! RT : Thanks friends!
Hey -->“: Tomorrow is Poem in Your Pocket Day! Carry a poem you love & share with your co-workers, family, and friends”
Thanks for including the link to my short story!
Life is a reasonably good play with a horribly written third act.
You don't boss me around when it comes to Austin, okay? I say what I want.
Really sad to see what seemed inevitable is true. Derrick Rose is done. The Heat's path to the finals just got much easier. Sighh
But framing can make a difference in who listens and how effective conversation is.
and sometimes a 400 lb woman with a 9 inch mole hair on her face comes out from behind the counter and gives you the stink eye
why were you blacklisted from the PTA?
Avengers was hard in the paint!
Unbelievable win by the LAC. Down 27 and still win. I'm so glad I'm a CLIPS fan.
people these days... :P but you're welcome :)
you wonder why they call ya bitch?
Thinking maybe I made a mistake this time. No longer in denile.
Oh nice. What channel is it on?
Finished giving a presentation to potential clients about using Social Media to drive awareness, participation and collaboration
I'm headed N y'all. I can check The Stadium off my Bucket List. The dancers were decent if I may say so myself
I'm not spending my whole night on here just do y'all know lol
sending warm thoughts your way.
Wow, really?! That just made my week right there!! :)
i can't meet thm ugh DX
Happy Easter
Thank you to all that came by & partied , last weekend was one of the BEST ever, more to come, stay tuned
Hey Im That 47,000 Follower
Sure did!
#WarriorDash was so much fun, can't wait till the next one.
Good news. The Cheeto machine has been refilled.
Principles matter. Don't give up, chica.
RT : Home Improvement & Maintenance Tips : Cheap Remodeling Ideas: Cheap remodeling ideas include repainting the wall......
i suscribed because i think you are amazing
and gum 2
I don't have the money and I don't know how much it caughst but I know I don't have the money
Good after noon to the world, I have figure out what I'm going to do today
Had my first attempted break in today! I'm surprised it took this long!
H = N/C [Healthy Life Expectancy = Micronutrients / Calorie density]
Also check out Alien Frontiers.
Negative people need to shut the fuck up and worry about their life okay ? :D
We have father time as a sub here in geometry.
My bed is calling my name.
Tiger Woods has terrific taste in NFL teams. Go horse!
I just found out who is, I should use the computer more often.
Third time now. Return the guitars & bike! #dontbeadick RT haha wow i'm in the same sentence as tom petty.
My boy is riding w/no training wheels it's a big day in West Allis!
A relationship is not like Twitter where you can sign in and sign out whenever you want.
Life Lessons for the Day. Tell the truth, render just verdicts, don't scheme, and stop telling lies.
listening to Maroon 5 today. I dont know what's wrong with me. I'm blaming the sun. Us in #Seattle go a little crazy when the sun comes out!
whoever invented homework can go f**k a cow
The bird lady had a nice voice. It's a shame she's a crazy bird lady.
I'm going to be on the News tonight !
We are giving away Free Tickets to Steve Aoki (playing tonight at 8pm @ the Rave) Come in and get a drink and see Jed right now!!
I figured you was caked up.
i would love to meet you too hun, awww thanks thats so nice you dont know what that means to me, You Are Too =)!!
“: #ijustlostthegame is possibly the worst possible trend ever ” fuckin twitter thats the second time today!
oh and the release of the new tempe 12 girls is at el hefe Sunday.
haha ok sounds good :)
cool profile pic
where the hell is my laptop ugh
cannot wait for the premier of the second season of Archer tonight.
Raleigh tmrrw for Raleighpalooza!!! Hey , race you to that 6:30am check in..
Did just
I can't believe your moving to Florida! I'm so EXCITED! Even though Miami Is pretty far away, I'm stoked you're moving here!<3
This is my favorite hashtag. Ever. I might be playing #BroadwayStarWars for the rest of my life.
Yes. And swans. A swan would kill you without a second thought.
Riding the bus is a scary experience.
Shout out to the 80's Disney Robin Hood movie when Robin Hood was a fox. Not this on Syfy right now #why?
Why would John Travolta have a sex scandal?
nice! At least he has manners.
this girl keeps texting me saying its you >.>
#mahomie if Im in your timeline please help me gain followers im #official #iphone4s twitter. Thanks(:
is that baby ?!
RT Here's video from our TODAY SHOW appearance!Thank you everyone for watching! fb.me/SJVPkN8Q <--awww yeah!
Cheesecake and dill pickle flavored popcorn at the #BIGSHOW2011 member's preview was so awesome.
so long as I always have more
Wrapped up but they're still playin me more trks lol.... I'm trapped but I love it!
And home to the awesome 5-day National RT Traverse City is where doobie brothers records go to die.
Dear North Carolina, Fuck you. Sincerely, T. Something
bet if you get someone to follow me and say "#NF #SaidSo" I'll definitely design you free business cards
"The Achievement Gap: Is their an App for that?" at #nsvfsummit with my boys
happy bday moe:) from all of us!
yikes! good thing you didn't RT his next tweet
nursefriendly - iPhone Apps for the Smarter Nursing Student, April ...
there are some recycle-able ones around here....
Had a good day in Baraboo at my cousin's wedding. Ate way too much fried chicken at the reception dinner.Anyways,congrats to the newlyweds!
If you are in #RVA tomorrow,be sure to be at BrownsIsland for the ShadrockFest
haha good enough then
I can not wait to get paid $$$$$
Thanks you too! In and out of #soloPR today but looked like interesting #PR tips as always.
Why is the Cleveland show still on the air?
Did you get a new #Mac for the holidays. Being new does not mean you can forego a #backup. Hard drives at increased risk in first 30 days.
I gave him no expectations, it hurts to not have things go your way
keep shipping the boys with other famous flawless girls while i sit here and cry.
Are you guys dressing up as eachother's characters from Victorious? :]
#3WordsForYou SHUT UP BITCH!
Hawks made the Heat play a half court game instead of transiton basketball.
As the wind blow I think clearer...But as I inhale smoke who are u n da mirror
#BREAKTIME: If this is coffee, please bring me some tea; but if this is tea, please bring me some coffee.
When did crawfish become so popular?
Any great running paths in San Antonio Texas?
take classes or go to workshops? Do new projects and get feedback from people who just broke into the scene?
“Your life is your message to the world. Make it inspiring.” - Lorrin L. Lee
Build a relevant audience of people who care about you in order to improve
Annoyed! He's not that fucking great im jst saying
Are u still moving this summer?
On my way home from morning service and then band rehearsal..been a great day for the Lord.
Coke for dinner. Cool.
im so there.. lol.. be safe have a great friday :)
lol say no to ketchup!
happy mothers day monae
And the young poets rise
Upright Citizen's Brigade rocks!
left early, love my mommaa
ah! Send him?
The Other Day A Beiber Fan Insulted Me So I Kicked Her Ass... It Was My Sister xD
"Consume less" RT Hmm. If you're tweeting at 11 am, does that mean there's been a half day of procrastination?
I'll send you a link once we finish up everything. Hope all is well!
LOL...quite an interesting mix. I feel bad y'all can't get into bars
I love doggies, but my kitty cat is a friendly one!
More like yes :) RT : ": Is "A Goofy Movie" the best movie ever? Probably, man...Probably." &lt;3
You're welcome! Hope everything goes well tomorrow. RT : thanks to #JMS481 for the beautiful flowers and lovely card!
Bear Down. Goodnight.
Amy Senser verdict: On 1st felony count: Guilty, Count 2: Guilty. Not guilty of gross vehicular negligence. Guilty of careless driving.
Who uses Joomla! for their company website?
Hightower grad Eric Moreland (Oregon State) had 13 points, 6 rebounds and 4 blocks in today's 86-84 win over Washington.
A Google sztori - PC World Online
omg didn't it hurt
on the hunt for a new wallet.
welcome to Memphis. Come by after the show!
Really appreciate the regular updates but wish updating was as easy as WordPress. Is that an impossible dream?
Are you open tonight?
I feel like im about to die ...
Its more of my dad that does it. I cant wait until college. Im so getting out of here and then no one will be able to make me ...
good job! There will always be children who can run Faster and longer. Those were the days.
JEALOUS! hope you are having fun:) love you!
Are you there peaches n cream waffles? It's me, Dena.
Yeah, I still pick chartreuse.
#askmau What would you do if I came up to you & hugged you out of nowhere<33? :D
ok just wondered. he gets the idk thing going but told him cant sit on fence 4ever with any decisions. lol
is gonna be on DWTS!! cant wait!! :)
You're not at for class? RT : brad ramlow here cooking dinner
RT : Clap your hands three times, then declare your full name with jazz hands. Good. :-o
44% of women can’t enjoy sex with people of low intelligence
hell yeah.you should definitely come kick it sometime!
not really
Next week, interested in region in the 1940s too - PA, NJ, DE. Mention and we will RT as prep for release of
Chuck E Cheese???? LOL
Today can only be described as a total bummer. But as Lucy Maud Montgomery wrote, "Tomorrow is always fresh with no mistakes in it."
We'll keep it in mind! :) Thanks for the support and we're glad you enjoy our music! - TS
Austin(: can you please follow me?
Off to work can't wait to post pics from our event with
#imprettysure armadillo's love Raves!
¤ Almost all really new ideas have a certain aspect of foolishness when they are first produced. Alfred North Whitehead
oh I remember that show. My sister always watched it. What was your favorite animated show?
3 iPhone4 giveaways to the top three most creative #BroLies by Sept 1st. Tell your friends!!
RETWEET...,CLUB DOWNTOWN IS KRAZY PACKED RITE NOW!! WE STILL GOT $4 U CALL ITS!!!!
Hunc1120's Wachovia Securities, FAME Renaissance #ipo LA Redevelopment Agency SunTrust Housing MKT
Parking st baltimore airport. Each spot has a sensor so you know where the empty spots are. Neat idea !
Enjoy RT I start physical therapy today...yayyyy <U+E41F><U+E41F><U+E41F><U+E41F>
Colorado State boosts undergradate tuition next year by 9 percent
I never used to get sick. NYC is bad for my health. I need to move to healthier terrain.
Be boundless. "Don't go with the flow, you are the flow." -Sugi Tanaka
My idol doesn't smoke, drink, or party all night. And she'll be 19 in 67 days.
this is fucking amazing Haha you have some nice muscles!!!
Power lost last night. dont worry the season is young
#Diabetes is preventable. To learn more text HEALTH to 300400.
Is happy to announce an all ages show on December 11 at Ground Zero. More details to come!
dats true lol we go like we did 2day me fufu n d wit M u n Mary wit M lol shawty n da rest wit H or pops more likely pops lol
Reminiscing on the past when I was 16 & everything was so easy and simple.
I did the entire Voice Studio when it first dropped, it didn't reward me. Shows that I'm done in app, but no items?
STREET BEAUTY ENTERTAINMENT..BE BEAUTIFUL,BLACK,AND SEXY.
ohh hiee i didnt no this was you cuz ariana is so pretty in this pic that i thought i was gonna get trapped in her gaze :D
try again. We've got a bug in the time zones, but we should be good until the real deadline now. :-)
I'm gonna go cry now :L bbl
Playing hot potato, eh?
Saturday it is I'm setting an alarm haha
Join the OCA-Endorsed National Buying Club for Organic and Non-GMO... ow.ly
Looking hard... I'll give you something to look at!
for real. Liaison and Trinniberg had no business there
i miss when i was little and i used to make forts with blankets and chairs with my friends.. haha.
#WeCantDate if u have no class
Going to bed with alot on my mind. Fuck ineeda smoke but I'm tryna quit that to -.-
keep your head up, hell of a year! They brought a lot of joy to my life this year!
watching tv && playing unoo!
Could go for some spicy shishito peppers right now
Hello Aziz. Can I please send you a Spec of P&R I wrote? No biggie. Just pdf. A current Comedy Central writer told me it is rad!
Happy birthday!
i love that you call yourself a fat ass, when you are a skinny bitch.
Mom's making meatloaf and mash potatoes I'm so fucking happy right now!
; I Hate Ugly People In My Presence
I always knew looking back on the tears would make me laugh, but I never knew looking back on the laughs would make me cry.
- and children are too vulnerable and naive to discern this. Parents need to be discerning on behalf of their kids
That's a shame, McGehee was safe
I just swallowed a lemon pit. A tree is gonna grow out of me D;
Photography is the voice of my Soul and witness of my existence. #photgraphyis mylife
: Do you know what time you're scheduled to play tonight? Vegas club shows run notoriously late!
Tip 6: Ending the Date - If there is a mutual attraction don't forget to get her number and don't expect a kiss on the first date.
lol its never too late..*hint hint*
Southern Comfort party at your favorite Ned Devine's beginning at 10!
RT I am so very p90xsore today. Why didn't someone remind me that writing>exercise
I MISS EZRIA <3 AND RAMMIE <3 I NEED PRETTY LITTLE LIARS, & JERSEY SHORE!!!!! 2DAY AT STAPLES SAW PLL GIRLS ON POSTER AND CRIED :)
Good evening to everyone on twitter ...,Im hopeing everyone have a wonderful evening and a joyious and safe memorial day on tomorrow!!!~
I need a prom date now...
I really didn't know that Congress could LEGALLY trade on insider info. It's so crazy, I'm still having trouble accepting that it's true.
Everyone wish a very happy birthday!!!
/ I know Jeffersonville well! I grew up in Paoli. I know a few people who attend Southeast Christian.
shattered glass keeps falling
Oh girl, I wish I didn't have to leave :(
it wouldn't tho, kuz DB's run this shht and we don't get are shht mixed like vodka n oj...
Happy Father Day, to all the Father out there. Happy Father Day to my Dad, RIP. Love & miss you.
haha oh jeeze. That is a problem
Sadly I had to go back to SF friday in the afternoon :( But I encouraged my #startupweekend friends to go! Have a good one!
Angela: Siri, call my husband. Siri: Which one? Siriously?
Overheard at a #TreeofLife screening: Dude, took a tird so big today that I almost had to opt for a C-section.
yeah! Let me know when you're not busy!
OMG! KJo is so hilarious! I was laughing so hard i peed a little! You need to have her on more!!!
Same Day Raised Letter Printing. Fast. Easy and Affordable Printing. Give your Business Cards a more vibrant look.
Shaq's two questions to Z-Bo: "But really, how are you?" and "To win you need to believe: do you believe?"
I'm jazzed you came! Thx again!
I swear to god if you fuck this up for me you will regret it...
Happy mother's day to all you moms out there. I would specifically say that to my mom on here but I hope to God she doesn't read my tweets.
Doing nothing has a way of synthesizing what is really important in my life and in my work and inspires me beyond measure
No talk All walk
So I just passed a woman on a razor scooter with a dog perched on her shoulder. Yup.
Finally cancelled my second gym membership now I'm down to one...that leaves room for more right ?!!?
"Till sin be bitter, Christ will not be sweet."
Congrats to for making it official!
Monday we are going out to lunch then? :)
why u up?
I'm so bored!!!
Its weds and I have to decide if I drink fri or sat-------i just want to finish my week
Just finished working out. Now to get working on equality.
"I really feel like they could've shared the door..."
Elson! When are you going to drop by again? You should bring some friends!
haha nono i'm going back to bed (;
I had such high hopes that today would be better than yesterday... i was wrong ;(
Cheese Nips & Poppycock
Questioning this hip connection. It's most of the load. This is what I thought about while I slept last night.
Finally did it! After many complaints, I got rid of two underscores in my Twitter handle. You're welcome! :)
Happy Wednesday Columbus!
ZIMA was like the Peach Ciroc for Light Skinned Niggas in the 90's..
At Capers chillen wit da family!!!! We out here:-)
Watching The Blindside. "You will look great in Gamecock Red." Automatically thought of
sounds like you got all the food group in
Hope you visited us!
Happy Memorial Day from San Su. Drive safely today.
I love my life.
join us in 10 minutes for the Creative Animal Relief Radio show on www.blockheadradiolive.com
FOLLOW ME RETWEET
I literally had no idea what I was doing..
Lol my twitter and instagram works like 4G when im in school
he shirtless woah
The hats are insane.
On this day, in 1873 the first train robery west of the Missippi was pulled off by Jessie James.
March 4th all you can eat pancakes, eggs and bacon or sausage at Bjornson Lodge #Oakland $7
Playing several RPGs, FPSs, action/adventure, MMORPG, MMOFPS, FB games & myriad mobile games including Words w/ Friends. My fingers hurt.
I did! Thankfully he was just trippin'. ;)
More and more lmao!! : must have been packaged too tight :)”
heya Chip! glasses in yet? Would make a great present for Javi!
Life can be a mystery - make it so, and join us for gala Edgar Awards night at the Grand Hyatt, NYC 4/26
It's funny to hear the announcer for the Grizzlies and remember that he was singing at my church this morning.
I got attacked by a shark and it ate both my hands..<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092> hahaha
yeah. I'm pretty lazy when it comes to telling people to follow other people.
When that special person ignore you...... That's cool
“: "IE 1.0 was Bill Gates looking at Netscape and saying, 'Why the hell don't we have a browser?!'" - #idea10”
Can we send you fan mail to Ariana's address???
liking you is such a challenge, i don't know what to do anymore.
Photo Release -- New Fall/Winter Collection by Chicago-Based Christina Karin is Not to Be Missed
I need a nap
The Pawn Lab will be bring to you #music #news and #reviews from the states and international stay #tuned for #updated info
Going to dream the sweet dreams of a wood fire grill coming tomorrow
In a good mood today
Fill a growler and take home a complimentary bag of Uncle Buds Deep Fied Peanuts of your choice, 4 flavors.
BRING BACK ANYTOBER!
2 Motorola I1 phones are up for grabs at the #120League Scholarship benefit and Kick-off for the Latina Leadership Conference.
Paul Dolan Sues Former Partners (Wine Spectator) Former Mendocino Wine Co. executive disputes value of his share in the company
If you have tried free-SEO or paid-SEM traffic, have you tried free-VIRAL traffic? Tell me...
Have you heard our benefit CD for ? BradPaisley ClintEastwood JimmyBuffett SherylCrow etc great local project!
Please ask Don if he'd like to go to lunch with me.
DO YOU GUYS LIKE OREOS?!!!
And for the record I agree with Pacquiao.
Off to Kolstein's Holiday Party 2day w/Sean 2 have a mini-play. Lots of bass cats will B there. Should B a blast!
It'll be fun, they said... We won't get caught they said...
The risk of premature death among uninsured Americans is 25 percent higher than among Americans with health insurance.
“: FB and Twitter is now "traditional new media" Guess that's what 30 somethings get for our love hate relation with the computer
Happy birthday to the very handsome
A7: Have impact and leverage your power to alter, change, and improve situations.
Going to get my Yorkie!! Any names?
"How many eye lashes do you have again? Like 2 right?" says
Watching 60 Minutes on CNBC with Viggle Wed | 12AM | CNBC Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Getting ready to do stuff on my day off!
#come on wales
does my hair look okay?
very impressive tea and chocolate pairing today during the holiday tea seatings at Bloomsbury Tea Room, Capitola, CA. We love Bloomsbury!
“: The moment a girl says I'll never find a good guy and inside your like ME YOU STUPID GIRL!!! #malepains” Again.
something! I was thinking something to do with the "last batch" of food. #outoftheboxthinking :)
Orlando--E21 Latin America cabinet--great team--working on future strategies--one is joint conf. With Luis Palau 2012!
In Memphis. Just had some classic memphis bbq for lunch, now study hall for the boys, and practice in a couple hours.
GS also does not practice Due to his Foot problem But i want to see sasha p. Do work in the playoffs
Wow, a yahoo…that's a badge I'd wear with honor.
Hoes our like condoms either they on ur dick or in ur pocket
Everytime I go out my way to help otha ppl dats wen shit fa me get bad fa no reason..
Staci with an i. No e. #NotThatAnyoneNoticedButMe #YouRock ~Not loving the green though.
He would be eligible next year.
And, either instagram doesn't remember that I follow people, or I forget that I randomly unfollow people... Idk why that happens.
#lineoftheday - Cosco keep the cost low!
always wanted them never thought I could touch my eyes lol thats a cool color ! But your real color is better ! :D
but sucks cuz you'll be at work and i wont be able to get to talk to u :( lol
My wife makes the best banana pudding!
Thank you so much Lynita for sharing your story! So wish you could have gotten our training b4 leaving that area of the field!
I love airport people watching. Why do so many women wear heels that they can't even walk in?
So do that dance in the dark and bite as hard as you want.
it's only Thursday lol. I'm writing an article for me editor then hitting the gym. Trying to stay awake right now tho.
yup...Peyton probably thinks im crazy... :\ ha
Starting a 10 day Metabolic Detoxification today!! I'm kinda excited and then NOT SO MUCH.... Hopefully I will survive! >:/
Providing support to clients in Boston, San Diego, Harrisburg, and Austin for starters today.
I'm bringing cinnamon loaf, yo!
Really? POTUS can't just go off to Afghanistan on a whim???
the definition before that was 1 white man, 1 white woman. so changing that part is ok, but not allowing YOU
One Direction <3333333
i took a xanax. :-P
looking for affordable commercial loft spaces in NYC - thought I should reach out to you!
I want to think that all of the conflicting symptoms on this schizophrenia ad are accidents... But they're appealing to my other self. # ...
Thank you!:)
>>Work Flows = Cash Flows!<<
Slow accidents happen.
More Insiders Buying at Maxwell Technologies (Updated)
no worries. just came up in my broken link checker. good luck with the fix.
African babies with aids and no parents RT : Nothing sadder than seeing someone using an iPhone with a cracked screen.
We will never get along... Something about you just bothers me! <U+E059>
There's way more space in my room after having unpacked & cleaned everything
Good Morning Milwaukee!! Have a wonderful week :)
Happy HaLLoWeEN from AZHG!!!! MUuuahhHaahHaaa >:^D
Furniture shopping is exhausting. Lessons learned: seeing it in person is way better than online / brochure.
I hate the distance between us, I miss you every second of my life.
It's "oh, i want to DANCE with somebody" not tonsil hockey. RT I want to kiss someone for about 25 minutes.
Final #heartofasoldier tonight ...Seeing it off...
Wish someone would introduce him to other goal cellys. There are OTHER ones.
Tonights gunna be sick! Looking forward to a great evening! 12 stories up!
what's over under on when he is gone? June 1st?...can't see him here later than that
Great weather coming this weekend. Lets get that spring cleaning started by power washing your garage and driveway.
Thank you for the follow!
What more followers ?! go follow SHE FOLLOWERS BACK REALLY FAST !((:
cheat day tomorrow!!! Gotta re-read the "tips".
thanks Marianne! We'll have to celebrate our good fortune together when you're back.
We have a TON of daily deals up today, including one for in #uptown. Now I have to decide if I want to cut my hair again!
Rum Rice Pudding - Huffington Post
Life's amazing and yet so sweet in the most absolute creepy and maybe disgusting of ways.
I just need to not replace it with coffee and it'll be a healthier choice for me too!
interesting egg hunt idea. so kids just found the problems & answered them or what?
John Cena calling Johnny Ace a douchebag has been the only good thing about his promo thus far.
Will you be sharing anything in writing about #EdCafes? I'd love to learn more about it!
Any businesses looking for promotion and to be in our first episode contact us today. We're spotlighting companies in South Jersey.
My guilty TV pleasure...#IceLovesCoco. Please don't tell anyone. :)
Thanks to and for the t-shirt RT love!
If isn't home in 30 minutes he's Dropped.
As a long time Cubs fan, it's hilarious seeing what some of these people are throwing at you.
Do you use any of the eBay apps? Would love to hear what you think!
I swear this shit feels like an illusion
I'm a few short- until tomorrow. ;) RT : don't you just have a full set of dentures by now?
no that's alright, hopefully I wake up early.. thanks though.
that's a great attitude! It's so true for life in general. Thank you and good luck!
Well, that hurt.
wanna bet!?!
Sitting on 'WikiLeaks & the age of transparency' from Personal Democracy Forum
We don't need your money, money, money We just wanna make the World Dance Forget about the price tag.. (:
Happy Mothers Day<U+2665>
The laundry soap my dad used to wash my clothes smells like fucking sex. This stuff is god.
See u work at hardees super size # 2 hurry up im starvin narly radical Haha gucci gucci by kreayshawn
I had to stop reading the comments. My eyes started to bleed
Going school :/
In laws are in District 2... by way of The Capitol. I'm just referring to the US in Panem terms from now on.
you want the dick;)
Glad everything went well!
This isnt about being with other people.. It's about doing good things for myself.
#Knicks need to stop relying on Melo for everything! Other players have to step up! Lets go! Dont give up on this series!
s l o w ' the picture you took of me & ___ Saturday night downtown ' * remember lol
Mort says #Manning to
Sprint is still not working for me. Doesn't even show the Sprint network in the upper left.
don't listen to ...start your tambo preparations... and get touring chops ready... bus rolls out in the fall
I'm Ron Burgandy. Stay classy San Diego?
Come see the second viewing of our new show, Straight 2 DVD, this Saturday at the Box (2nd and Gold) at 9pm!
hey,:P i had to use tgis account cos i got tweet limit on the other xD but anyways, i DMed you(: ill talk to u thru there
Wow. What do they do with the leftover one? RT : There are 2 trophies. one at City-QPR and another at Sunderland-United
is at the CHSA convention brushing up on Voice tx skills! All day CEU then reuniting w/ old classmates!
Thanks. I owe all the credit for how awesome my profile pic looks to
awesome new years tour! Mom says thank you for being so gracious when she needed a chair! "hope they didn't think I'd croak!"
I was behind you and the first one closed on me Haha
hey what's up?
shut up with the whole "im over you" "i dont care" bullshit. If you still tweet about him,you still care.
woo 30 days of yoga.i go to corepower and they have free weeks for new people and 3 free classes a week for everyone.
why not??
Looking forward to meeting at tomorrow. #sixseasonsandamovie ;)
#Oomf is my baby, my headache, my love, my smile, my frown, my wrong, my right, my sweetheart, my pain, my happiness.
Was your vote today? Our polls closed at 9. RT : What's the verdict on the budget?
you were wrong, i followed
I could so see that in the next Chloe Sevigny x Opening Ceremony collection.
Don't miss out....Jeff Deyo, Bob Sorge, Morris Chapman, Pocket Full of Rocks, Antonia Lawrence, Jose Dugand, Cape First Worship & many more!
- just watching ur reel from Hottie & Nottie...haha! Really great. I worked 1 day on ur film Process of Creative.... :-)
Last night was fun. Had a good time with my friends. Gotta do it again sometime.
Good Morning All!#good morning
I hope our project is due friday.
I do not like pop-punk. At all.
thanks for the follow and the support Steven which team do you play for? if you are in the chi check out
Or I've just seen _Repulsion_ too many times
Watched and the Umbrella Man and play a great show tonight at the D&W.
Come try a Root Beer Float Cupcake on us! That's right - for FREE! Let us know what you think. (Limit one per person while they last.)
Are you always a hose bag or is this something new for you? ()
Don't you hate it when you're trying to do laundry at a Red Roof Inn but the washer is being monopolized by a meth witch?
Back to day job this morning; would rather be home writing.
Hm, gotta think about that.
Hubby has off work tomorrow. Are you available to have lunch with us and Ava?
u need people in ur life who will tell u the truth in love. There are some things in ur life u will never change without the help of others.
Hi Robin!! I would love to! Is it am or pm? If its pm and I'm still in, it would be tough. :(
I really wish I had number. </3
puppies dressed as cats!!!!!
Dhisx bxtch pebbles ah sore loser.
I wish i was Katniss even if her life sucked. You wanna know why? She had Peeta. Peeta, Peeta, Peeta! Im in love with a fictional character.
I put my Oral-B toothbrush thru the dishwasher and it came out like new!
Oh god I'm crying already
The dog's life a la Nietzsche: wherever I go, I am inevitably followed by a dog named "Ego".
Bush already had agreement in place with parties ageed on withdrawal date of 12/31/11. Could extend if agreeable.
BECAUSE YOUR SONG IS AWESOME I LOVE IT<33333333333
Still waiting... it's getting excruciating. I'm hoping we'll leave Cali in late Dec./early Jan. and arrive in DC in late Jan.
SERIOUSLY epic! The production for this tour and show will be amazing! And that's just a tease ;)
I'll be your host over at WFNY this weekend. so if any of you sports writers have links that need linking, you let me know.
So. What's up?
At least it's high carb day and arm day at the gym.
glad ur here!
I don't kno if ur friend would like that...lol
yup you definitely win that one.
Look out for him on the RT : awwready thanx finna check that out!!! sosa doin his thing he gunna be a star!
no bro. I got'em on speed dial
The Oklahoma Thunder is essentially made up of all Big 12 players. Pretty fun to watch.
Yeah, and its currently unavailable at Amazon. =)
But I still enjoyed myself sitting here laughing at ppl wit
you can tho
What an amazing night last night.
Is this an OTC support?
mine too!
Is it me or is the #maskedmamba about to go in on these fools!
": Ok enough about the fckin Titanic...ruining my primetime tv sess"... I hear DAT!
The best times in my life Ive never been soo Happy but on the otherwise feel empty theres something missing man tryna figure out what it is
You're welcome. Remember, you're a very special person. God loves you and I do too! (Hugs and smiles)
We cleaned and stocked our pantry.
NEVER TOUCH THE HORSE IN SUMMERTIME...that is all.
STEP YOUR GAME UP!!! Street Beauty Entertainment is the Way!!!!!!
Join me tonight at The : "Teen Researcher: Discovering A New Treatment for Ovarian Cancer" 5:45pm Networking/6:30pm Presentation
I think the price is right on.
exactly--- a BUSINESS helps you get out of debt and helps you build wealth! with a job, your salary remains stagnant (mostly).
I'm tall.....with my stilettos on. Mile high!
Just noticed that it's almost 12 ! Well night guys <3
#SomePeopleDont know the diffrence between making love and having sex
Hey, Richard Marx only goes to the dentist to be reminded that he once had hit songs...
Taking train to work and the lights dramatically went out. I always think of the video for "Existentialism on Prom Night" when that happens.
Thanks Janie..no more burgering... The radio needs me!! haha
we'll see you next time!
I've heard about Weaver. I may have to download this one!
I go to takoma park, they ask me 'have you hugged a tree lately?' I say 'what?!!' can you repeat the question? lol
Leave Wandy in the game and if he gets in trouble call on your horse. Always get beat we your best pitch and Wandy was that pitch.
Hey Ray!! Good to see you! Tour is starting! ALBUM GOES ON PRE SALE THIS MODAY :) tinyurl.com/marlenebrehmmusic
Great to be at Thursday night football
don't be shy,just follow me! plz ;)
": The past can't be changed, forgotten, edited, or erased. It can only be accepted."
RT : Truth hurts, but lies are worst
I miss
That awkward moment when your gf and her dad are talking about her having a baby and him raising it
Also, I imbibed garlic at breakfast. Don't ask me why. If I breathe on you or in your general direction today, I apologize in advance.
#YouWasSexyUntil u did ur make up...
Would you stay on the fone with one of your followers for 5 hours strait??
Seadle, digital archiving relies too much on marketing claims and insufficient data, more research needed
To be honest n shit I. Don't like lil wayne
whats your url?
Thanks for the happy birthday!! On to the next one!
rocks my socks off <3.
are u serious did amy winehouse die forreal???
'morning Fort Wayne! We've got a special this weekend. Try an iced vanilla soy chai for 25% off when you mention this tweet to your barista!
My license has been suspended for the 4th time smh
Traffic this morning?
: I am at home, but I plan to do Good News in Africa plz get me funding & ticket call Congress women Lee!
is just Awesome. The shitty must be silent
I blame , disney for my high expectations of love .
LOL, I have everything but the title. We used to not stack boxes in heavyweight but we are condensing the international flights.
#ohsnaps! i remember that. He really disappointed me bro. Well we live and learn. How are them dumas boys doin?
i understand it now! i95 has absolutley nothing to do with philly.... woot.
RT Sex is better when your in Love..
giving Hootsuite a try...
i need to know when Justins coming to Boston
You do the same! Hope you have a great day with friends and family.
New at TLV – Wine Tasting every day! 5-7pm. Three wines, $5 dollars, no rsvp – stop by to find a new favorite. Today: Wednesday Whites!
Sam wells is so weird
I feel ya but females are worse they want a nigga to have everything they ain't then use the word ours...
#Women's Initiative is busy planning the spring event! Tuesday, April 24, Notre Dame Academy. Mark your calendars!
great to see you, too! can't wait to see your photos and excited to hear your thoughts on the MkIII!
up in 30 minutes!!
Oh gosh I need to find the answers for my final !!
you should come hang out at Los Alamos... You'd be awesome here...
people were questioning it, idk why.....?
no promises.
not yet!! Soon though i hope!!! :]
: Me too :) Happy new year, Vic
Game over, way to go Packers!!!
the Badwater Ultra Marathon,
No need to apologize. The wanton destruction of property is destructive to both sides regardless of who the perpetrators are.
I'm glad my interview style appeals to our audience ;) cc
Dear 270 drivers... The Quebec ramp is a double turn lane... Not a triple turn... Idiots
First you have to make it, then you have to master it, then you can matter...Daymond John
#ThingsIHate unreliable people..
Can I show you mine?
Funny that time warner goes down in the middle of discussions for new service. Reminds me why I should talk to others.
you and i love this song :)
I wonder if in toy story, Andy's mom has toys of her own with the same name as woody and buzz
Jarrett: accreditation/certification is the last refuge of scarcity-driven model of higher ed, and even that is being challenged
okay boo
Ridicule is the Burden of Genius. - Daffy Duck
Taking a shower and hanging with my franndzzzzz. <3
THAT'S WHAT SHE SAID!
lol, who told you that !!
And what gives you the right to kill a young black male when they did nothing to you? I swear society is just Fucked up.
Bad day
That's a good call. I need to look into that myself!
morning to u too
Thanks :) RT : Thank you and for the fun times last eve. Congrats on the new work.
i wanna burn the fat off my thighs but it'll take years cos im a fat shit.
is the big ten going to play half court basket ball at the rec center this season too? I am sure izzo would love that
Social networking is falling off imo
the only 3 things I have ready so far: 15 pairs of panties, instant coffee, &hand sanitizer<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0081>
I'm listening mgk, wild boy hahahaha :)
I'm still "Mad at Miles." RT : And a Miles Davis stamp is coming this summer!
I knw that's right....I just started my own business, it just might be a good fit for you.
just discovered the Blackboard WebDAV folder is the easiest way for me to transfer files between my iPad and computer....love it!
awesome ! I will see you guys next Wednesday for bike class :) bringing my boyfriend, too :)
I miss seeing you, but I hope that all is well with your family and with teaching!
Respect my mind, Respect My click
Sometimes doing the right thing isn't always the most popular thing to do but "its the right thing to do".
I'm quite proud of the fact that I live my life without much drama!
lol are you seeing the financial collapse of those counties. Wake up and be real. ,)
Alhamdulillah I don't have to give khutbah today, which means I get to go listen to my beloved Mawlana 'Abdur Raheem Tahir Bandwi (db) :)
Kareem has opened a business center -- copies, computer use by the hour (a MAC, no less) and he'll even give you business advice!
hey vic can u follow me plz it would mean the world for me all for me plz!!!!!
Oh yes, you were. And talked about in such a good way. I'd have loved it if you could have been there.
just finished a run in "The Piano Lesson" & just got casted today in a play called "Freedom Summer" & working on v/o spots
Golden Globe and Oscar buzz for The Help. After all these years it's great to see the Beatles movie get the recognition in deserves.
Oh Lord, someone save me!
Looks don't really matter 2 me. Someday when I find Mr.right He just has to have a good <3 n have God in his life.
that sucks
Wow seriously. says that the LGBT community does not need protection from discrimination.
I've been doing laundry all day today -_-
I'm Celebrating my Birthday at KlubCirok on Dec. 10 and its goin to be A Saggitarius Bash!!
The child is going on a field trip tomorrow via sf public transportation. They don't need no stinkin' yellow buses. Nervous.
do let me know!
love watching Amy & adam on screen and online.
wtf!! my profile is laging i am following 36 ppl and it says only 27 and i got 4 followers and it says only 1?!?!? jeez twitter is off today
good!(: but I'm kinda depressed.. the person that's suppose to bully me next year, decided not to try out.... </3
Payback is a bitch
I like your way of thinking.
After 3 days and 3,000 mostly throwaway words, i have finally solved the first 2 paragraphs of this chapter.
Oh Jeeze. Family Drama.
Just got the nights pressure washing done before the rains got hard in Las Vegas, now time to wind down
God's faithfulness is so true, what He is doing at is a perfect reflection.
now are u not wrapping gifts at barnes and nobel 'cause u are busy wrapping kittens and dogs and what not?
This series is getting god! Looks like Mavs may take game 4!
well who wouldn't! So energetic!!
is a breath of fresh air. A great way to close a great day.
Creation science bill passed 8-2
LOL it got beyond real lol, ppl were really ready to fight at Sherita's house
If she baked cookies, but they are for her "guy friend"... #ThatBitchIsTheDevil and
do you have a link ? :) i haven't listened to it :c
I've gone too far to come back from here. But you don't have a clue. You don't know what you do to me. -
was hoping that piece would have a section on patterns of first world guilt and shock. Or, the excuse of shock.
RT : The documentary The Interrupters is amazing.
Is attending SCBWI MIAMI in Jan 2012!
Refs just cost the #Bulls the game.
|#quotes Sometimes, we just don't know enough about what we are trying to achieve.
i wouldve done anything to see ryan broyles in a browns jersey next season <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
crowdsourcing is great til some monolith monetizes it and makes it just another form of labor to entrap naive people to earn for them
Good morning handsome<U+2665>
Wow i lost it after my match tonight. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>The tennis girls are my sisters!!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
inspiration>idea>work>art>make money>repeat if necessary
that awkward moment when my mom brings over her boyfriend of the week...
such a headache D;
oh why didn't you just say that before! And by the way it's more like "Oh Lawd Jeesus there's a farr"
just brought timmy ho's - savior. the luminaries are being lit.
Can`t believe George Lindsey has passed - RIP Goober.
Fun day at the Walters in Baltimore.
I love you all.
perhaps i spoke too soon...RT Really, Saturday? Say It Ain't Snow - As of Wednesday afternoon, there's a "pretty good chance"
What don't break an ese', make an ese' Me.....cuz I ain't no n!99a =)
its blowen me that some girls keep coming at me and they aint doin shyt with they life if u rollen dont go smack if u got a nigga respect
My tweet just showed up on USEF Network. Holy crap.
I'm really glad we had that talk.
Yall already know how I do , it's like a holiday !! Lol
Im so ready 4 teen wolf RT IF U R TOO ~LOVE . BE AFRAID.~
Hey what's going on?
#39 Bro, if your having a hard time focusing on God it's because your too much in the world, under His wings He is all you can see.
so anybody have good reason to hit batter ever?
no, I got it. I chose to ignore it because I'm nice like that lol
SHUT. UP. Why do you have the coolest life ever!? Was she nice!?
So The Avengers was really good! I know enjoyed it.
I'm honored! :)
Dry Fly Distilling has a nice 100% Washington Wheat whiskey.
great day today! stay positive!
Would be so awesome!! The script is being worked on so I know it'll be a couple of months before anything is announced
I love it
we are rolling out a few people/activities/steps at a time and have found it to be very kid/user/teacher friendly.
Gotta go to the Jim
get some good rest, amigo :)
are you looking for any jr copywriters??
how do you feel about your new nfl record.. first int of a grandpa! lol! great job! WHO DAT!!
oh Mos Def I completely understand. Just thinking ahead. It's a dope thought you know? I just hope we get around to it someday
Be listening to Generations about 7:15 for a conversation with John Morgan of the famous smoking and weightloss seminar, why do they work?
If I remember<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
We're excited to lead worship today at the Internatinal Baptist Church in Bremen Germany at 4pm! Come out if your anyplace close!
Hey Zombie, what are you doing to do for your next Shakespeare production? Inquiring minds want to know!
its Okay, I Don't Really Have One Either. |;<
is filling up at Von King for Jon B and Olivia! Show starts at 7!
yeah, that was the comment
i have a hawt new follower. :)
RT IF YOU NEED TICKETS TO MY CONCERT?(:
apologies joe - i forget you're not on facebook. (In fairness, you probably should be) League: Home Nation Truths. PIN: 4598
Happy friday the 13th. peeps.
So I was just watching and realized I AM THE 40-YEAR OLD VIRGIN EXCEPT NOT QUITE 40 YET
oh wow rush is apologizing for stooping to the level of liberals and/by using inappropriate words. "its important to not be like them."
Yeah! I love Ed Sheeran!! He is amazing and has an amazing voice off mic! I would die if I met him LOL! :D
Alternator broke on bus. NO AC. We are developing some toughness!
Would it bring us any closer...
“: Shout out to keeping it real down in Miami”
80% of organizations use some form of Market Pricing bit.ly/nIwp4j
Run with the pack or face the wolves
nope, im at home but im about to go pick up my prom dress
why aren't you following me anymore dick!!!
Really liked the pear port and ginger cookie And id put curry dark chocolate with that raspberry merlot!
ask them if they were on the Titanic
Miles Davis: play the silences, not the notes. ~ John Kao #astd2012 {brilliant}
Brunch prior to 1 pm home games-check out the expanded menu and grab your Clipper passes w/out standing in line.
CNBC reporting a done deal in Europe. Are you a believer or not? Euro up to: 1.42. Time to start bashing the US markets.
Forevs. RT : Always my pleasure. Glad D + N were able to toast style. CFF's stick together.
Also remember they can not fix SICK either...
me too. See you soon.
i still don't have a phone
RT : If you’re not living life on the edge, you’re taking up too much space. Anonymous
my mom doesn't like what he's doing to the laptop either
Hey Parker Polidor of Cell Journalist is in the house..
how are you feeling? Has your dad changed his mind?
Now, that's a hoot right there!
you are so volatile hobbs! Tell your doc to subscribe to your twitter feed. This may help with the diagnosis! :)
Tuesday is Betty Whites 90th B-day I want to wish her a very happy one.
Hard to say goodbye
Oh both of those are new to me! Off to check them out now!
You can thank the Twitter bug for that "unfollow"...no idea.
Great seeing you last Monday in NYC! I wish you happy holidays and great next year! Karel
Yes! Did you not receive the email from them? They cc'd you on the acceptance! I'll forward it to you again.
"The new iPad." I fucking love it. It's like we all named it. "Hey, did you see the new iPad yet?"
Thanks for the RTs! Have a great week.
Why am I tired soo early? Well Goodnight world.<U+2665>
Anbody know of local stores where I can buy sealing wax? Or is online order the only means?
"Do you only got Diet Coke man?" / "We got Coke Zero I think." / "Nah fuck that shit, that's even diet-er."
give me a call next time u r in Memphis. I have a few great songs to give to you!!
I'm glad to hear everything went well. Can't wait to see the pics! Maybe you should shoot me and Dan!!!
Wait a minute...you're not a man too right? -_- RT : lol im aware. guess i wont text first either! good idea :p
mhmmm, all of that! Hahaha. Seriously tho, I miss that shit. Good laughs man <U+E00E>
are you sure?
So at last, all the pictures have been burnt. And all the past, is just a lesson that we've learned. I wont forget, please dont forget..
Its our year lets do it
he would like never notice. He doesn't me anyways
Boldin u got make that catch.....
Only you and God know the truth of why you only call monthly, barely ever saw me.
I guess I meant nothing to you .___. </3
Accelerating progress on national launch. Several things in work at once. PR kit, web revision, new IP, etc. Updates coming.
GRIT will get you where you want to go with your long-term goals. Befriend this tendency.
Thanks for the video! It actually looks ok on the 10 inch screen
haha that's cool!
trying to be as smart as our team... I'm just an old skool hack at this point "vi+/etc/fstab" vi "manifest" my religion wins ;-)
When stupid people decide to stop right the middle of the hall to hug. MOVE BITCH.
Call (773) 663-4082 to learn about our home remodeling layaway plans, as well as our senior citizen discounts!
Um...If anyone has any helpful hints on how to "de-nog" those eggs I' be much appreciative.
still inclined to think the revolution will begin when boomers quit analyzing and defining the next generation FOR them.
So stoked about our tasting tomorrow!
The next chapters of my life I Will not be where I'm at now. So help me God!!!!
No or today!? Sucks but thank god we got
Who Wants to make money and is good with paypal Email at US peeps only.
Lolz, why are you thanking me?
Hey Jenny =) Aw thank you for that sweet hello. I really appreciate it. I hope all is well with you & you're having a great day
Chea, I'm down!
That was very fitting for the memorandum
Let's go #Brewers!
Starving mothers and children in Somalia and Kenya is an African problem that needs immediate attention from concerned Africans. Act now!
It was an awesome seat. And if I leaned forward really far, I could even see the back of the President's head.
#padcampli about to start!
One day, Terry Richardson will shoot me. It will be as iconic as Marilyn Monroe's signature pose.
no not yet but sure wish i would. hehe!
Damn its humid outside.
#EBUS118 Mention me in a Tweet about this eBusiness Principles class you are taking - remember to include #EBUS118 for trending
Happy New Year Fam!
They're in bronze and have been since season one and they win three matches in a row and they think they're Naniwa.
Thanks for the info, I'll have to share that with my students after Easter break.
I'm happy that I've avoided NYC's coffee shops for at least two days. Do I hear three? That would be awesome.
I will keep you in my prayers.
I've been supporting them for 8 years and never seen them finish outside the top 4. it'll be weird assuming it happens
Processed and canned fruits do not have as much fiber as fresh fruit and they are nearly always sweetened
That's an oldie, but I love it.
Mason temple
Sitting around, its 2am and then, in dead silence the beach boys starts to play outside. People in my neighborhood are fucked in the head.
Also, type 5 reasons why you're awesome with attached stories/examples
RT : It bothers me when people say Reese's like Reeseeeee's peanut butter cups. There is only one e!
just followed you on tumblr ;)
(bryan) Great coffee with yesterday. So much happening in this industry, so quickly.
"Hey mum can I call you right back? I think I'm going to poop my pants" - Happy Mothers Day
A belated thank you for the RT!
#BizDen2012 is completely sold out! Looking forward to an amazing event next week...bring your biz cards too! #GoEntrepreneurs! :)
Of. That's a good question. Let me know what you hear!
His Take on Her won Best Regional Short Film at SENE!!
Palomar Card Club's evidence hearing in front of the state Gambling Commission is scheduled for Oct. 15-19, and Oct. 22-23.
Yankees loose! Go Rangers!
it's 12 at the doors, but 16 at South Park Mall. Are you still going???
I have a feeling my sexual frustration will be at all time high after I watch this vid. your fault ;)
Joe Cortez has ref'd at all the big ones. Didn't think he'd let things get out of hand.
Deltona, Sanford, Winter Springs, Winter Park, and Orlando...it begins any minute
Hi twitter fam! Its been a while but im back at least 4 the moment. Gdmorning everybody!!! :)
If at first you don't succeed, try, try again. Then quit. There's no point in being a damn fool about it. W. C. Fields
NEW GATE HOURS @ CROWN HILL - 38th St. & Clarendon Rd. gate closes @ 6 pm; 34th St. & Boulevard Pl. stone gate will continue to close @ 5pm.
you never did!
Great interview of one of my heroes, thanks Jim!
your so mean to me -_-
yes, or they could turn into orphan works, which need to be adopted into the bigger community.
Never been to #wwdc but there's a first time for everything :)
#spheroMEGA I'm in love!
GIRL : If we become engaged will you give me a ring??BOY : Sure, what's your phone number??
what the h*** i am trying to send a tweet to my friend and it keeps sending to other ppl
“: I need to visit you soon. I haven't been in so long :(” we can't wait to see you.
Ugh... Kids back soon. Better get back to writing. #amwriting Going to buy your book, Jael!
If you have connections to free or discounted food you should start calling my your girlfriend now(; #amireallyputtingthisontwitter?
court today, filing motions, and representing Middle TN with high qualityn professional legal counsel. Call me today (615) 250-8000
Today's Specials at Emerald City Catering and Take Out: Bacon Blue Burgers and Chili
What kind of a fucking person knocks your door at 5 in the morning looking for drugs??????? Dear god that was creepy!
Pamela Shifman, Dir of Initiatives for Girls and Women, NoVo Foundation is testifying.
Just played with Manning as a Bronco in #Madden13. It felt weird seeing Manning in the huddle of someone besides the Colts.
It's baffling when you care more about your workplace than your own manager does.
I hate A lunch
Great back to school today-____-
Judi Dench - how cool is that? I'm sure you impressed the hell out of her! :)
The Avengers was AWESOME! And yes you had to be a comic book geek to get the tease. Guilty as charged!
Dude, that Kart video was awesome! You should buy it :)
Filed for unemployment. The most adult thing I've done so far in my life.
Took a poll on days/times to come in for Spring Break office hours. Came in when they asked. 2 out of 3 hours done. Tally: one withdraw slip
": Happy birthday !!! I hope your day is wonderful! :) :) love u!" Thanks sweet girl!!! :)
Follow me don't be such a holy fool. I'm serious follow me.. Just kidding.
Cool, Pinterest has an analytics service. awesome. I like the 'Best of' listing.
There's a bug on my windshield...
: Off to see featuring
Not over yet
I have a promo clip coming next week for the new video (:
didn't realize the uk d-line was that thin at the 2 deep.
Met a girl today who is good friends with wynston Marshall..Mumford and sons banjo player.
let me know when you are coming to NYC!!!
One of the best predictors of insomnia later in life is the development of bad habits from having sleep disturbed by young children
Character, preferably sci-fi or comic book, that you'd like to see me draw, and GO!
Unintentionally means Honest. So true, good one greg keep pushing that!
Tax return didnt come today like it was supposed to but cant focus on negatives when there's endless possibilities around me
Rick, if JFK's speech made you wanna puke, imagine how we feel listening to you.
Thanks for the heads up on the migration. We are heading back to the original handle, but it's been renamed AMOA_Arthouse
4k left, on dinner break, blinds are 150/300, 25 ante when we come back.
what kind of sandwich is that!!!!?
Camp Cheerful Campers are getting pumped up for the race! This year’s 100 meter dash is going to be the best one yet.
Do not ask Milton about his knee unless you are willing to cross the rocky river barefoot.
who cares about KU! Let's talk Royals!
Are you an Entrepreneur with a business or a J.O.B.(Just Over Broke)?Learn how to make your business work without you.Join The next ActionCl
Very excited for your visit as well Please greet your fellow members for me #AIGAStout I am preparing gifts!
Ah time travel books! I think I may have to work through both of these.
#FOLLOWMEAUSTIN I love you MERRY CHRISTMAS! <333333
Love these Thursday nights when Eddie Money's greatest hits are on shuffle. Two tickets baby!
Love them too! Chk out quinoa salad w/ these at
Coming November 8... Christmas graphic and font packages! We'll also be offering a custom ad design service, too!
Theres a beautiful baby on this flight with his whole life ahead of him. :)
The Black Male Identity Project will have story tellers @ today's FREE show @ 5:30 in Center Plaza. Our theme is "Scaling the Mountain".
Chandler deffinatly has my vote for VP!
The best inspiration comes from within!!! Get Inspired!!! Do something GREAT!
And I forgave you right away for what you said about me last September, so why can't you forgive me?
where you moving to?
Totes. Then, whatever I reference I usually think is important. That is, important enough to reference. Hehe.
Yeah, the days I sit at the computer all day and don't run, I'm miserable. Connected, but miserable, haha
So hungry!!!
I've had it with Omaha Hi/Lo! Tired of spitting pots, & too hard to scoop. Think i'll stick with Pot Limit Omaha and Holdem & take it all!
I think it flows better & ends with more pizazz.
Csikszentmihalyi wins the award for Info Behavior Theorist with the Hardest Name to Spell. Let's hope this isn't on the midterm.
I think I'm getting sick again. Do you see what happens when I take the subway??
by all mean please do, and I may be there to drop some stuff off so you can use a live example, lol
Babysitting Gage and Kolten soon. Love my cousins. :)
damn someone knows
Man!Why did they put a hot dog & French fry spot right next to the dance studio! Come out after a great work out wantin' chili cheese fries!
#SotellMewhy Niggas still lie to women. its only a little of us left after deaths and prison...they pretty much have to deal with our shit!
u must be bored in the waiting room... But ill go to jail with u.
O NOES! I still follow you, tho. Weird glitch?
P.O.D., Emery, HEAD, War of Ages, Da'Truth, Run Kid Run, DJ Promote and more...D.C. Spring Jam Fest 2011...May 14th...itickets.com...
some jerk who clearly doesn't understand the title Ms. I-Do--Big-Things! Miss you boo! We need a phone date soon!
That being said, It's a celebration! Enjoy yourselves! I'm officially out of pocket until Wednesday. Romance time ;-)
HSBC Business Direct makessimple B2B global wire transfers
MT Texas has gone 6-1-1 in the Lone Star Showdown since State Farm started paying us to keep score.
Who currently holds assit. record?
#ImHappyWhen i'm creating!!!
Love this time of year: no temperature difference between the interior of El cars and outside. Seamless transition
Because it's not ever enough, so why try?
Nice. I am going for that look. Bring on the bronzer! Okay well my skin is alabaster so....maybe not so much.
GREAT ? RT How is it that possessing Christlike love has never been considered the central test of orthodoxy?- Greg Boyd
At first people go crazy with #foursquare, but as they start to use it, they tone down.
say good night shawn! ;)
I'm just going to throw this out there: Jenna Bush Hager IS Anastasia Steele.
I get high,
In a synopsis of my novel about New Orleans hookers during WWI, I use the phrase "eponymous bordello." Good God...
Apparently some people still send out game requests on Facebook
Latin Night @ Sky Lounge! 2nd St. & Washington.2 Story Night Club. Party All Night!. Salsa, Merengue, Bachata, Reggeaton, Rock & top 40!.
Excited to visit the alma mater () on Friday!
I ur gonna come back to wrestling. ur gonna come back and help vince mcmahon regain his power.
damn u sexy
what's a good place to eat on beach?
Daily Creative Confession with Delano Johnson: NOV11 Mine.... Laser Sharp Focus for the next 18 months. Yours.....?
thanks for adding us!
Champions baby! #8!
There goes the neighborhood. Congrats!
Hope the #LTDArmy is having a fantastic start to the weekend. We can't wait to see you all tomorrow night at Grim's Roadhouse!
I find my life is a lot easier the lower I keep everyone's expectations. - Bill Watterson
Nice.. if Ted is on sax it's gotta be good :-D
AMEN!!! RT I don't want Rush Limbaugh to apologize. I want him to go away.
Can't wait to introduce D.C. audiences to and the other dancers tonight at the Jack Guidone
thanks Norris
Tomorrow's excitement involves looking for our Cocoanut Grove fire records for a possible commemoration for its upcoming 70th anniversery.
those days happen. Mine was yesterday and it wasn't dresses, but hard drives. :)
RT : Carter 4 was trash nigga : Let's Go Lake Show!!! We need Shaq bak man.
im not the only badguy here miss not single, plus u forgot about tomorrow :/
FOLLOWING YOU FOLLOWING ME
Tomorrow, the weather should be wonderful at the Lake Anne Plaza in Reston, VA. Hot Club of DC (HC/DC) will be there from 7pm to 9pm.
. will interview #Egypt blogger on Monday. Tweet your questions to #askaam and watch to see if they're included!
Turns out that I can't DM you because we are not following each other. Our email is dzian [dot] music [at] gmail. Let's chat!
If you put Quick or Lundqvist on either of these teams, it would be so unfair.
humanities must take the high road, or must fight back, or must attach themselves to authority figures or rival bullies, etc.
them haterz get tossed
I'm going on a diet forsurre.
Have to question the loyaltyRT:OSU fans on Urban Meyer: I hope he's solved health issues. That's why he left Florida, Right?
She's getting used to it but we just started rather recently, so nothing as fancy looking as on your blog!
had a gf and she wasnt even dat pretty! But i got to hang out With Jason and like talk to him allday and hang out and he gave me his #!...
Interesting social media discussion at Arts Roundtable meeting right now
I Believe I Can Fly;
Recipes For Real Men The best cookbooks
what spot r u guna be at at navy peir cuz I no the perfect spot
TONS OF SPECIALS TODAY just in time for the HOLIDAYS!!! Buy a Santa Bag for $39.99 and receive ONE MONTH FREE in the 60 booth!
Even when you think you have no more to give, when a friend cries out to you, you will find the strength to help.
Hey Lilliy! Thanks for the RT. How's the hummus biz?
I love all mahomies. Doesnt matter if your new or old. The point is, we all <3 him, & thats the only thing could ask for.
Sin Cara going too win
just woke up from my much needed nap since appearanly wednesday is the new night to get balls out drunk.
I actually took it very easy all weekend... Nice to relax!
This week is going to go by so fast! Then it's already #May! YES!
When I heard the premise of the Hunger Games, all I could think is that I've read at least half a dozen fanfics with the same plot.
All I can think about is how wasted im gonna be at breakfast club this weekend
Just wrapping up some email so I can head downtown for SxSW Interactive - Yeah!
Spoelstra at the podium!!
Thanks for the follow, like your hat.
"to the window, to the lake!"
Did you know says, Twenty percent of women have libidos higher than the average guy.
Always interesting (if you like SEO): How to Develop Link Marketing Ideas
its fine.
Welp I know I'm not waking up in a good mood I'm all up eating cake an ish!
wow! that's a beautiful picture
I'm thankful to God for blessing me inspite of myself. I surely don't deserve it.
If niggas was really about it ya niggas wouldnt get down with sets, ya would be about it just alone cause niggggga you was born alone ! Foh
I thought migrating WordPress was supposed to be easy? What a pain in the ass this is turning out to be.
Also, first cousins can marry. That somehow doesn't threaten the sanctity of non-related marriage though.
RT “: Someone come give me a head massage. Lol wtf
I live in the US but I love the UK boys! <3
Got a bag to mend the strap on today. The owner has a cat. Based on the persistent face-rubbing by Boos, I think he likes her cat.
Glad it Encouraged you. RT : Finished #sunstandstill today. Thanks for the encouragement to pray audacious prayers.
CLICK ON THE FOLLOW BUTTONBABI!! &
Told u so Eagle! “: Aviles is gonna be the next Nomah! Def drafting him in Fantasy! >Last place. Write it down.”
When I will be doing the interview, I'll be sure to let your guys know
#EveryoneHasThat1FamilyMemberWho criticizes every little thing you do.
Life is not about what you've done or what you should've done. It's about what you can do and what you will do. <3
somebody said I looked like a pedophile with it lol so I couldn't have it anymore
I can only imagine....and one year actually experience!
- good to c U here bro
Hiding eggs in Broad Ripple too?
She said that she's at the store xc Lol xP
"In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on."
Music Influences Ah Lot Of Yall lives Personally That's why some mon ah wear purse and dem sistah jeans
tried email and it bounced back!! Saraliz978
don't you wish your ipod was wear a floatie?
why so sure gb will go for 16-0? No injury concern?
ha! Oh disposable planes...how I don't miss those.
i knew u would like cheebos...way to ruin my surprise. how am i suppose to stalk u if you're one step ahead?
The RNC obviously put her up to that after a thunderously bold SOTU the other night. Smart.
I like potato salad
Pnce again: not enough monster sex. Never not applicable
I haven't been with my mom for mothers day since I was like 15.I'm 24 now. Since I'm in arms reach of her I'll make it the best day for her.
I love to thank everybody for showing love also follow
Your worst days are never so bad that you are beyond the reach of God's grace!!
....& you might get something extra for being so patient. ;)
alright sweet man cause were headed to west Knoxville right now.
Oh, America! RT : Percentage of Americans who believe that Mitt Romney’s first name is “Mittens”: 2 (Mar ’12, 2 of 2)
Need a ride to the polls? Call 410-338-4036. We'll get you there!
Buy your ticket. Great movie.
I love how spanish people type "hahaa" like "jajajaja" jajajajaaj !
My opponents in fantasy football are both going to come close to 200 point weeks (199 and 180-and counting). Should I take this as a sign?
followed back, sorry it took so long!
I have to reschedule my senior pictures :(((((
#kids Preschool Story Hour at Kittanning Public Library, Fri, May 11 10:30a: Attention all preschoolers! Do you love to make new friends?...
EVA's next meeting is tomorrow Sat. Feb 5th! Red Hot Internet Publicity 2.0 with Penny Sansevieri 10:30 @ the Azusa Public Library Join us!!
I'm not sweet
yes, but I gotta get on it. I've got people to impress shoot!!
Need to get some stuff dry cleaned in atlanta. Where's a good cheap place to go? x_x
My only concern this morning was checking my calendar to see when I planned to take off again :-/
hahahhaha. (: im not going to open gym tonight .
Saddest: punk and alt "establishment" rearranging deck chairs on their Titanic. We're in this together.
Trying to wake up and get it going. It's 7:17 am. Of course my little girl doesn't want to go to school. I mean come on, it's school.
“kill yorself or : Unfollow . Your tweets are ass. ”
Even though I already had the whole album on my phone, I of COURSE bought the yearbook edition<3 So happy it's out in America!
I always think a Shiatsu is an armchair that looks like a dog.
RT : Everyday, God gives us the sun - and also one moment in which we have the ability to change everything...- Paulo Coelho,
last statement, no worries Deion Sanders!
Hilarious train operator on orange line this morning
yeah what a win! should be a great game against Seton Hall tomorrow
What? Someone is trying to sell faxing services? Time warp to 1995!
happens to be the single greatest twitter account on twitter <3 Much love and respect!
If you rest, you rust. ~ Helen Hayes
please mary help me behave today in a way today that honors you in all my thoughts and action.
yeah, and sometimes we gotta make decisions to better out future.
Beefy crunch burritos are way too good.
you would make a nice cabana boy! Or fairy godmother. But I think would want to fight u for that one! :)
Leadership has nothing to do with title or rank. As soon as people volunteer to follow you, you become a leader.
...absolutely! i'll get you to help me pick out my dress -- after i go to the #Goodwill boutique!
well 161 left to turn the season around.
I'm so MAD! Why cannot a biased surveyor like DATA VENTURE of Salt Lake City be banned by No Call List? All questions blatantly biased. LIES
I LOVE YOUR AVI!
Welcome to San Diego! Be sure to check out the Gaslamp Quarter!
Tell the mayor I said hello!
It would be GREAT is #coxcable let their Tier 1 folks say "I don't know" instead of LYING TO ME!!!!
I have more followers than you... That means more people like me and care about what I have to say... Eat it Kobe!
#thesave #idol YES! Thank you for saving jessica!!!
RT : "If the only prayer you ever say in your entire life is thank you, it will be enough.
May will be the last published by Weiss Communications - the plan is to sell the mag to a publisher in hopes keeping it going.
doc b, u should consider writing localized articles in pubs such as u should pitch. it would be a good match
just have a couple shots of Jameson, that should change her appearance for the better and it will help you approach her.
y la foto?
Your new starting CF Aoki! Pretty please! Guaranteed better then current platoon
Without unity you won't win
#IfWomenDidNotExist Who would cook and clean. R-T if you read this tweet in a Peter Grifin voice
You staring me down wont make me think you're cute, it makes me think
go to design and change background image. There you can upload your pix
Coal Run by Tawni O'Dell.
Hope you have a perfect day just like You <3(: love you So much xoxoxox <3(:
Got to get used to openin my eyes up at 4:45 am...
My pleasure, although so sad, & angry making, is it not?
Here's two blog posts where I ream people who disagree that the best strategy in RPS ends in a tie
The only thing stopping me from chopping off all of my hair is prom. If not, I'd be bald by now.
u suck Tyler, no1 vote
Recruiting for a Research/Periodicals Librarian in #NY! Contact me for details!
First its about having fun, then its about winning;)
Anyone i used to talk to HELLA... TWEET MEEHHH!!! ;D
How do you know when you should be tested for celiac disease? Does age matter?
Other things are coming!
A turtle should never abandon its shell. : what a mess. everyone`s leaving.
I thought it was good. Slow in spots, but classic.
Happy Birthday bro
small world! SMALL DICK
Amazing isn't it?
Thanks a lot :) We'll let you know when the EP comes out!
3.3.1 Is out! Vacation's over :( IE won't click through links automatically and added transition:[6] for galleries of different size images.
Many thanks to the for hosting our Executive Board meeting this afternoon!
Kacie's Dad is such a downer he is foiling Ben's initial thought of getting a 3 way with her sister!
man, i wanna snickers bar right now.../:
I believe mini chocolate chip cookies are little drops from heaven an Jesus way of sayin he still cares! It's such a tasty pleasure! ;)
English algebra then home!!! Dinner later with the fam! Bored af tryna finish that last track today! Wish me luck! Hmu
I just came from aud "I promise" an I killed it. Thanks Sanford Meisner forgetting me of my head. Now it's out of my hands.
mhm just don't mess it up
At the dealership for service on the ride. Can't help but think I'm getting screwed. What do you pay for an oil change & tire rotation?
Thanks for RT. And keep up the good fight!
oh yeah, she's gone.
So grateful for the brilliant new album - it's providing exactly the push I needed to get through this last bit of book edits.
My get up and go must've got up and went.
Planet Orange Rocks! Go JD!!!
Building systems = building structures = creating worlds, cultures, infrastructures w/ effects we can't predict or control
Back to Blockbuster!!!18 days left till close!!!MOVIES!!!
not really. William H Macy is the truth
You play forgiveness, watch it now, here he comes.
Watching miami and okc.. There is nothing about lebron that says ”closer”.. But they keep high pick and roll. If they lose, that's why. WADE
and not paying
Bittel The Nine Master Keys of Management
RT : Welcome new Prof. Dolores Albarracin, Ph.D., Annenberg's first Martin Fishbein Chair in Communication.
Dear iPod, When I put you on shuffle, what I really mean is play my favorite songs. Sincerely, next, next, next, next, next.
Thanks I just posted my week 8 video I was having problems uploading all day . had to put it in 2 parts
is follwing me :O i love Serianna!!
send ur number to my messages
why am i awake?
Games Inbox: The Walking Dead, PS Vita support, and Super Metroid - Metro
I went to their on-site yesterday. Their butterfly facility is incredible! Loved their arthorpods upstairs.
U can leave today I BET you come back tomorrow!
A great big thanks to all the artists that work with us. Without their music this would not be possible!
The Kentucky business press is busy today doing business at Churchill Downs. So local coverage of NYTimes story may be slow.
I haven't seen this much red since Lehmann Brothers collapsed.
I think I'm done for the night.
nope. while everyone is in church . ill be sleep
Eileen Foster blew whistle on corruption at Countrywide
Just stop yourself and remember why you love or even like your partner
Self and child.
#Thatawkwardmoment when you start to shout your name, address and phone num...waaaaaah!
town hall?
"Example is not the main thing in influencing others. It is the only thing." Albert Schweitzer (1875-1965)
someone help, i need more followers :)
Keep your head up
It's either you're with me or you're not.
Thanks. Not sure what it was. Gave benadryl but hour later she still said her mouth was itchy. Environmental maybe? Who knows?
awww I wish you were there too! How is Deutschland??
We are live tweeting the #GoldenGlobes Who do you have your eye on? Is it Claire, Sofia, Elle, Stacy.... Let us know:)
Thanks for the #FF :) I didn't even see this until now. Been behind on twitter. This 1st week at work has been ca-razy & tiring.
wrong person sorry , haha - anna
fuck a 'good season'
Hey Jessica! Your music is amazing! Would you please follow back so I can tell all of friends about you??
I could do it. I learned a pretty good one this weekend.
I want to love u, feel u, wrap my arms around u
and put in work today! You guys got my support all the way out in Hawaii. Stay strong #teamblack!
we were on cnn again this morning and i thanked them for giving the state department my pohne number in egypt. thanks cnn!
At Home ??
and a nice face
algebraic expressions and hieroglyphics are also hard to read ... for the layman ... point being?
Praise inspires ability criticism kills it
And then the republican told me he could own me if he really tried. UM no sir, I own you at life.
How do you mean?
Sellin cake at the bank?? Really!
That hand in face means nothing..shes been making that shot since middle school
How'd did you do that Alli?
Donna Erickson: For Mother&#39;s Day, surprise Mom with easy overnight egg dish
Thank you!!!
I cant wait till im on my own. Anybody who dreads that dreads responsibility and independence!
I have my three-day itinerary completely budgeted out. It's perfect, with the exception that there's no time for sleep.
your just the cutest...
what happened??
LADIES NIGHT: Who is feeling right? $2 house wines and 2 for 1 House Margs. 5 p.m. to close.
Signed up at the gym, start my workout tomorrow!
july. And for sure
better late than never, better wait it gets better<U+263A>
read my tweet again. I didn't laugh at her.
I'll have to try it
How can you tell if a violin is out of tune? The bow is moving.
RT : FREE IPAD: Follow retweet this to your friends--for a chance to win an IPAD in the next three days!
First guess is Stephen Hill goes to STL (or whoever trades up to that spot) at 33...at 34 my next guess is Indy takes Konz. Then BAL-Upshaw
fucking fjkadjig THEY ALL LOOK REALLY GOOD AS HARDCORE DOUCHEBAGS
Guess I'll be forced to go see Harry Potter
what do you mean again? you didnt say that the first time.
5.5K tweets by the end of the night doe.
That could be kind of good. your fridge is stocked.
Hey peeps! I kid you not, the first song my all-female highschool band and I ever learned was Iron Man.... :)
why is he not?
We're having a blast with it for sure! Do you think the other candidates shouldn't go because it's such a joke?
Greetings, love your tech+art jewelry, very cool stuff. I'll stop by next time I'm in the area. Cheers!
not yet
hahaha I should have seriously were not even on it yet...... kill me please
r u going to be an exhibitor or just attending?
There is nothing more pointless, or common, than doing the same things and expecting different results.
LMFAO... I haven't even started that yet... Wait till 7AM Central mañana
union station today, mass ave and north cap, get your tacos before there gone. Menu: al pastor, pollo sofrito, vegan potato and barbacoa
Not at all. Lol! Just left the gym. It was the adrenaline typing.
M RT : Slice of the Day is Artichoke, Feta and Roasted Red Pepper.
oh how I love LA! Let me count the ways!!
I gotta dig bick. You that read wrong. That awkward when you read that wrong also. And said "moment" after awkward. This is awkward....
I love my brother :D
Paul Erdos WAS SUCH a Hustler.
'Pressure is a privilege'. Billie Jean King,
Thanks anyway bud. I'd love to be able to send a tweet Al's way to let him know how much I enjoyed watching him play
I've never heard of it lol.....
RT : Dumbasses that don't know the difference between "your" and "you're".
Not only is there dogs at Norms, there's also a baby?? Its 11 on a Saturday.. in Fremont.
Good my closet is always open for more clothes
Take a moment and think about it...
overload: Daytrotter session? PItchfork TV? Dude, you're everywhere today.
It's is wrong that I downloaded every song from the #GleeRemembersWhitney episode? I think not.
You go.. Make sure you don't want this anymore.. Make sure.. Because we were supposed to be scared together, fights happen in relationships.
In better news, excited to meet Karen Thompson Walker (The Age of Miracles) tonight. Gonna dress fancy! Thanks, & !
haha sooner or later i hope
RT : we got some google wave invites... you need one? RT this !!
Then drop Kendry and risk the pick up. Or like I said, you have FOUR DL SPOTS, keeping him in one is not that much of a hinderance.
My hair is not enjoying this humidity.
In certain neighborhoods in Baltimore, Chicago, and Los Angeles—life expectancy for subsets of the population is lower than in Bangladesh
Difference of opinion was never, with me, a motive of separation from a friend. Thomas Jefferson
Enjoy the long weekend! Remember Tuesday is our Mixer! 6-8pm at Coppia! RSVP www.womenwithmoxie.com on Portland page!
1000 Full Color Business Cards = $75 plus tax. Use the coupon and it makes it only $50 plus tax.
Time change proving tough on the family. I'm the only one still awake. Dogs, however, are extra hyper.
You know you love it :-)
good hustle man. keep at it! who else beside gave you a RT? (btw... great cause)
Glad to have you on board.
Let's see what the Sixers can do tonight, best of luck to a Philly product,
i would like to know what universe you live in that whistling at a girl got you anywhere.
What's up DIVA?
Still don't want it in LeBrick's hands for a number reasons. RT : Yet another example of why this "clutch gene" shit is so shaky..
SUPER BOWL 2012. AYE
good I can't complain
"Let's work out every day starting tomorrow. Deal?"
Hi there MitchKunzler
Lucy 100. We can all let go. Make it happen in your world. Have fun.
I need like a 36 hour day to knock everything out
RT Donald Trump Slams Cher Over Anti-Romney Comments, Calls Her a 'Loser' <--I really need to know why ANYONE is listening to this dude
nothing wrong with a lil tough love hehehe
u pass it to Omer in a FT shooting situation?
sweet! I won't be done till dinner cause we get fed after. We will be on the town for sure. Where y'all stayin?
the boyz dancing with 8 flavahz makes me hate them fruit cups even more.
OhGosh! the guys @ work are talking crazy! it's hilarious.. I'm trying NOT TO blush, but I cant help it!
Now you've got my attention.
redneck word - exit: I decided to carry all the eggs n one basket so some exit the floor.
Lips So French, Ass So Spanish :*
My phone has been off the charger since 6:30am & my battery is still over 25% & keep in mind I watched porn this morning.
please mention me in a tweet
winter is mother natures way of saying "up yours" lol
Open Thursday until 5:30pm. Open Christmas Eve from 8am-2:30pm. Closed Christmas Day. Happy Holidays!
Ladies, I have the trifecta going: clean hair, a dress and a damn scarf. But come as you are.
Writing a paper about the persuasive techniques used in the #Kony2012 video. Most persuasive device: Russell's son saying adorable things.
what did we miss? Singing? Conspiracy? Hud?
we need some fitness tips from the amazing fitness trainer again! Let's get it started!!
Heading to Soupline fundraiser today at Seattle Sheraton!
Digital pre-orders are now open on bandcamp. Visit yellowlightmaybe.com, get them as soon as they are released, new single available too
it's just perfectly, amazing can't wait to hear more songs, so stoked :)
Very nice to meet you today
Much love for the RT! I hope you can join us! :)
Fantastic job on #SouthLAnd. You were great in The Pacific as well!
Omg so true worst thing ever :( : That awkward moment when you're trying to get over someone that you didn't even go out with.
did a scavenger hunt downtown for Alzheimer's Association. They're a blast!
I love Barcelona futbol!
The Titanic got a moment of silence. The Edmund Fitzgerald got a beer.
Well, there you go. Can't wait to see it.
let's get it
It's Friday the 13th & hanging with & once again from 9a-Noon. Do you think the hockey mask is too much?
My brain is mired in this overcast grey. I need to wake it up and get on with things.
and he just proceeded to tell me he's getting a permit to conceal carry and is also getting me a can of pepper spray... Uhmm.. What?
Openings this week - message me for days/times!
I'm gonna go to collin for 2?yrs and then transfer over to corpus A&M!! :))
Vos, you are such a weiner.
RT : RT : Isn't falling with the ball a travel?
Omg 2 of my fav coworkers are with me tonight its about to get crazy hha
Braiding my own hair is straining my good smoking hand. Lol
someone just told me ' yo. Kennedy is following u' bonus life level achieved- awesome to see you again!
i think tori kellys thinking about you is better than frank oceans.
RT Next one who calls my CD "Fast & FURIOUS" is gettin' a knuckle sandwich. @ SubCentric Smith Releases ‘Fast & Furious’
Turn the fuckin beat on!-jadakiss
We appreciate you! RT : I showed you some Love today.
Morning to all my doll face woman &Shoutz out all Sexy face menz's!!!!...
is looking forward to an afternoon with the Toledos.....a Bump Session and a 24mo Session. Snapshot to follow!!!!
The retina is delicate and can detach from its underlying tissue due to an injury to the eye. It's a serious vision-threatening condition.
Hm, I should throw a party.
Big day. Made a twitter. I think I might also buy an iPad. Bigger day.
That M&M commercial is hilarious
just a friendly reminder....
Looking forward to visiting #Monticello and warm, sunny VA!
middle of AZ the 8 branches off the 10..
“ Geez. So much respect for 's timeline.”
going good. How u been
Thanks for the follow ! We look forward to meeting. We love working with
I drive for work so I fill up every couple of days. It hurts.
Alcohol loves me
. Actually that movie is called Grace and the baby actually eats people.
so much work to do, and trying to keep up with invites from friends...not easy!
well, now I'm disappointed that I can't flap by your desk.
drive safe when you head home!
sharks are still my team, caps are #2...gotta root for someone!
Hahaha! Yeah lightning! I love it. Hope you enjoyed the storm too.
Thanks for the profile pic love and support. We're so excited about this trip!
Kitchen appliances help observant Jews keep kosher - Toronto Star
So glad 2 find it thr!. gr8 4 slicing, mac n cheese or ingredient when recipe calls 4 cheddar! In which city R U?
Thnx for the follow
Elections tonight for my tenants association! Then it's moving forward on #Oceanavegreenspace. Just in time for Spring!
Well of course signs up for Twitter on the 3rd day.
Heard some exciting stories about #oomf you'll be suprised
are u kidding i love math
Amish blueberry jam there's not enough in the world
Awesome thanks!
wow! Your apps look amazing. I'm going to have to download it and try it out (next winter of course). Thanks again!
RT: The cloud is moving so fast these days. Num. 9:15-23. We can’t camp out when God has moved on.Lord, help me 2 keep up with You.
oh ok. Yeah, it gets interesting, Dillon and Alyssa find themselves in some trouble. Can't give it away. Damn! :-P
Haha, IT'S SNOWING.
Any thoughts on where to get the best deal on a commercial loft in NYC - location not an issue as long as its in manhattan - space is key
I haven't eaten anything for the past 5 days really, and I'm trying to force myself to eat. Sucks because it just makes me sick.
2 pieces o' double fiber toast dummy! Now I won't be hungry for 3 days. LET US BREAK, MUTHAFUCKIN BREAD BABY!!!!
"Don't frown because you never know who is falling in love with your smile." -unknown. such a lovely truth!
thank you for your message. It is my pleasure.
haha I have one. It turned off though. Lol
- i shouldnt be sleeping alone tonight.. but whatever.
i said it once again, i said it once before #IJust,IJust,maaanIJustWannaKnow
- I read shampoo bottles, too. Ladies, get over yourselves.
Looks like VCU will hold on and advance to #CAA final against #Drexel. Amazing after the start they had.
related to space day celebration: today is the anniversary of Alan Shepard making it to space in 1961,altitude 115.696 miles
I'd give a good amount of money to have this girl's stomach.
asteris RT from Iran websites close to Mousavi are warning people of pre-staged violence in today's rally
Who is the woman in Hollywood who says she's so hot she can turn straight women to lesbians? Trash is on the way.
i'll check it out. i liked prison break but sometimes it felt like they were making it up as they went along.
“: yep, hes spending the night with me.” That's good to know cause everyones gonna get really pissed now .
PRSA Seeks Thought Leaders to Present at 2012 International Conference in San Francisco
How long do you brush your teeth for?? Time yourself! It should be at least two minutes!!
Breaking: Eliot Spitzer will forgo his new gig at Current TV to pursue a career in the
I'm pretty sure this girl sitting next to me at Satellite is a cyborg. I'd take her picture, but I'm afraid she might kill me...
I'm on the third floor with & ! Come on up!
Pigeon Forge
The Mediocre Five
Good Tuesday morning! We're having fun on the !
Heading out. What a beautiful day the LORD has made let's rejoice an be #Thankful for seeing this day. Thank you Father.
That's ok to have early nights! Is tonight another one? :)
then you have already smoked yourself stupid. haha .
well daaammmnnn... We need to hang soon!!
There will be nothing left, NOTHING.
I miss you Oregon folk! Keep fighting the good fight!
thanks for the article! Sounds like a fantastic conference!
add me on facebook
Carrie & Rafe, ugh. Wish the would go down in the explosion.
For mission to be a lifestyle, we participate in God’s mission of grace and reconciliation, not just on specially designated “trips.”
and 1% stupid.
YES!!! RT : Gators now running the semi-stall, still scoring. Up a touchdown at 14-7.
lady gaga shouldn't have more followers than justin bieber.
Come down tonight to and hang out as we celebrate my homie 's Birthday!! will be DJing all night!!
Woo! has officially expanded from coast to coast and has access to tons of venues in every single state now!
he's studyin for his AP test ya knows
So, I'm guessing Hugh Jackman owes someone a MONSTER f* favor, right?
Thanks to Barbarella Restaurant in LJ for goin' all out for us AM show! 4:30AM has to fun somehow! Cheers!
#oxymoronbattle Military Intelligence
Major dilemma: It's frappuccino happy hour yet it's cold outside. What's a girl to do?
no no no you got me fucked up friend..
I can send you a free chapter in PDF if you would like a smaple of the book? LMK!
None of this is ok or "not a big deal". Love if this shit would happen to you.. You don't even know.
what series is this!?
Sexy #Halloween Costume Contest - Gallery Nightclub Las #Vegas - Call Chris direct for table reservations at 1-855-666-7321,
MY SWEET SIXTEEN IS TOMORROW DSFALDKSJD
Oh yeah, Dani asked you out. I think that's really cool. Shows she has guts. The chick who asked me out is a comic geek, too.
Not a Slurpee. Put it back :)
you're listening to the station?
That awkward moment when you walk in your room & One Direction aren't in your bed...
I wish I could train my cats to CLEAN their litter box, as much as they USE it.
spell correctly rebecca!!!!!
I wish I pass my AP exam tomorrow.
Bordeaux's André Lurton Takes on a Partner (Wine Spectator) Leading French bank takes a sizable stake in seven châteaus, helping secure f
TY for the RT of "BEACH SLAPPED" the film clip!
I wish i could sing
where is work? let me know how much a tranny is.
Anyone who does not understand your silence, hardly understand your words.
#FreshmanYearTaughtMe how to get serious with my life yet I still manage to fuck up everyday
sauce i need a clean radio mix 4 my dance 2morrow.holla @ me
awesome day!
The new album is almost done being mixed. It's going to be rad!
life is GOOD
Paul MIllsap got SNUBBED.
#FactsNewTeamMindessShouldKnow Roc loves it when u grab his ass!!! It gets him excited <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
it was great, there was prob about 450!
okay! -waits for you in the apartment- :)
Milwaukee Bucks 81 Washington Wizards 88 End Of 3rd #bucks #wizards #nba (Via )
Having some sick margaritas at jimmy carters?
oh...it was the photo of me and Dorian..i forgot i had already posted it so i deleted it!
Is that Jesse L. Martin?
Did all of my hw yayyy
save20 saved some peeps about $150 on their shipping bill in january. c our website.
OMG ELENA!!!!!! Finally....the kiss we've been waiting for!!!
So, lang itself not monolithic. Like other tech, it develops more sophisticated iterations. cf: Snowcrash
I hope is having fun meeting #UMiami students at 's EPIC event today!
Also on the #CV agenda tonight: 3rd Ave. Streetscape plan on hold due to uncertain redevelopment funding. Meeting begins at 4 p.m.
No hate on #demi but I think they show woulda been fine with
Asm Olsen inquires about regulations with respect to civil disobedience... Tough to establish #student rules surrounding campus
Email Only Offer - Tournament of Kings: Tournament of Kings Tickets 20% Discount. Exclusive Email Offer $36.05
RT : Build your list. Joint ventures w/experts who have an established database.
que's eso?
Throwback Thursdays with and Sarah!
Yaa, I wanna see them but we could just go the other way
Thanks to Maury Povich, a lot of dudes are "celebrating" fathers day today.
"I recognize you from twitter!"
I'm going to drive a car today. First time in a while. I feel dirty, but got lots of visits to do where there isn't great cycle parking.
I wish i didnt have a headache, stayed in bed all day :/
We do have a pause button! Don't be afraid to use it!
But I guess it would also be fair to say, what drama was to grey's anatomy, it is now to the good wife.
Wow you're tall! Why yes I am Talented, Amazing, Lovely & Loved! Thank you for noticing..lol #TeamTall #teamtallgirls #teamlonglegs ;)
Glad we could accommodate last night's Marketing SIG. Great learning about branding 's #Snapdragon processors.
That last video link, btw, is our favorite TED Talk ever.
I know! Overwhelming.
Well-said! People seem to forget how varied the American people are.
I've been hunkered down all day. Apparently there was some news (stadium deal, sensor stuff, Twins won...oh wait).
no im asking if that's what you talking about? lol
The Silk Tie likes Frank!
Those who I follow needs to follow me back and more
THANK GOD FOR GOOGLE VOICE LMAO!
when did they show him?
Will you follow ?! They're having a benefit concert soon with upcomming artist to raise money for charity! <3
The class is playing bingo math, that's gay dude!!
Great great great great night <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><U+2764>
Vinnie LaRocksta And His Confidants Will Perform One To Three Nights Weekly In Random Detroit Spots Unexpectedly For The Next 3 Months
New #TDAmeritradePark is looking pretty solid...wish it were warmer
currently reading 's YA Molly Fyde series. If you have an older child who's into space travel sci fi, I HIGHLY recommend it.
Digging the drift.
I'm busy grinding its my time for God's favor it's my time 2b blessed!! I believe in my future if I don't who will!!!
I'm officially not watching smackdown any more. I cant stand him on Raw, not about to put up with him on both shows
Is way too overly excited about Lion King merchandise at Walmart.
watchin' Daddy's Little Girls on #BET....that movie is so emotional to me
The #healthieststate Start Somewhere Walk is in the middle of our Gov. Health Bowl - maybe we could coordinate one in WA too
Nathan Ryan Ninjas
dear mommy, TAKE ME TO GET MY FRIGGIN PHONE!
At 3:00 am Wednesday morning, an armed group of criminals broke into a house in the town of Cerralvo, Nuevo LeA3n.
OK THEN!
currently working on my new website then I will share some :)
A special #HappyChristmas to
NOW let's see if Zack Ryder takes Eve back! lol. But that was freakin amazing! MWUAHAHAHAHA!
seriously cannot wait till june.
is lukie really white?
thepulse983STATIK SELEKTAH LIVE IN THE MIX ON THE PULSE--POWER 98.3 WHERE HIP HOP LIVES!!!! --Termanology on deck!
OMG WOW, I just heard your song on Radio Rebel, AMAZING, JUST ABSOLUTELY AWESOME :)))
Midterm exams, I think. Doesn't really matter what the topic is, just that time of the year for students.
Even Twitter seems too verbose for me lately.
He called Me Hun (: , i think thats cute ..
I blame the weather. It made everything all whack
#GenEd12 Augmentation of the network part of discovery has massive implications for higher ed...& not just in Sciences.
Working on basic HTML websites in class...looking good!
Eat the elephant!
- thanks for the follow Alex
I say that as someone on the admin/budget side in a union house.
grrrr my dad is like its to far. Yet i can walk to the delilmfaaaoo
I bet Liz can see this
Congratulations to Lauren Cumbess for throwing her 1st no-hitter at UK, and to the softball team for winning the series against Georgia.
Hey are u a boy belieber? :)
Whitney Mercilus shared that he will likely be used as a pass rusher year one and learn how to drop into coverage as he progresses.
You're very welcome - congratulations on your award - awesome project!
“: Thanks again for my delicious sushi :3 #happyfatgurl” no problem! We're def gonna do it again :P
Isn't Robin Swoboda married to a former Browns player? Brian something... Help me out someone....
My pleasure. Happy first Mothers Day as well.
and baby you know i dont have much time cuz my practises starts 4pm......... and i rlly have to go now:(
Who will be our 5,000th "like"? Stay tuned!
Great end to the 3rd Qtr #Bulls came from down 1 to up 10 & that 3 by Deng was great!
I hate the word "utilized."
New York :I
please follow me!!!:D!!!
Happy Monday to all and looking foward to a productive work week!
134 certificates have been purchased today for a total savings of $1,206. You pay $1 and you get $10 at Mad Dog's Eatery. www.dealoria.com
not we dont each other, but im about cough up a lung
Don't fall off the exercise wagon. Get back to your routine ASAP!
"I don't care if Monday's blue, Tuesday's gray and Wednesday too, Thursday I don't care about you, It's Friday, I'm in love."
An all-day GAME OF THRONES review-marathon has left me mentally drained. So I'm just cheating and going with a six minute doc today.
Guys: When you ask a girl who they like and they say "nobody": 1% are telling the truth. 5% are lying. 94% that "nobody" is you.
who won tazah
We'll see about the flight, but I'm hoping to have a lot of fun in Dallas! :)
#now following you both put me on via
All the products are free shipping, and the the price is competitive, and also can accept the paypal payment
The meek shall inherit the earth.....after we're through with it.
When Filipinos run out of patis D; I can't live any longer...
RT : I'm going to go preview the house just to check it out ;) >Thank you for qualifying what you're going to preview!!!
Bite me.
Finalizing deal with Cox AZ to film Dialogue Series.
The act of putting pen to paper encourages pause for thought, this in turn makes us think more deeply about life, which helps us regain...
Just to Chicago? Or further?
Tweeting with owl family tonight...Molly and McGee's four baby owls in San Marcos...
I really wish I was the voiceover lady for Oxygen's hit show "Snapped".
And I knew that the lights of the city were too heavy for me.
funny. That is familiar headline with the Bush brothers.
Great house tour fundraiser today in the Detroit Shoreway neighborhood. Lots of people checked out Robert Maschke's sublime white boxes.
Thank you for the #FF! xx
Talk to people until you find what you are looking for.
March already??? Wow.
Boys with soft lips
holy sheet. glad you and the MIL are ok.
Keep pushing!! U r almost there
Got three Dave Matthews Band tickets
Well i made it to my personal room finally. Yeesh and still waiting.
Only in class for two periods today and it still wasn't good. Smh.
I like the whole single, party, fun, flirty thing. But I love the whole taken, being loved thing more.
My life as Liz
She ain't gone be able to love you like I will
Lol will do :) RT : many tweets and vlogs please!!!!!!
I did call she said we couldn't :(
If Courtney doesn't get a rose tonight I predict a cameraman or two are going to get some hot action with her. Oh snap!
Thanks! I think all research becomes (me)search at some point. Recognition of where one fits :-)
I vote for in the Shorty Awards Finals for #tech because...he has a fun smile
I just read the Wiki page for Bear Grylls. I'm going to shut my mouth right now and quit whining.
the keystone ppl jobs would seem to be temp whn its built no more jobs it wont take as many to run it
Rush know better, he don't belong to Bones.
Going to check out new studio space with MOVEius can find permanent dance rehearsal space! suggestions, anyone?
Listening to Wayne Shorter's Speak No Evil
follow back? please :)
“: So many of you would have been content being slaves. I would have been a run away. Sure would have.” I woulda got caught <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B6>
you are welcome and we have to support one another.
I may be in over my head sometimes but until im proven wrong im gonna stick to whats best.
Canon promisses new cameras with image quality that approaches ...
ay were playin #FadedFest n were sellin wristbands $15 gives u admission to all the venues, 70 artists, n 3 free drinks
CEO Kathleen Feely "There is a need, especially in this economic climate, for more integrated services."
Max Green "I like my dick dude! I needed spice up this interview, I figured I was already naked on here. But my favorite body part on other
Orville Albright might play with Brendan Benson and Jack White, but last night his amp was set up next to mine
Oh good. Still can watch it then. :)
people would never know it, but the internet generation is the death of the GOP. 65/35 pro gay marriage, pro choice, etc.
They low down, they dirty, they some snitches...
Lord Jesus, take control of that situation. It's not right, just my opinion. "We" need to open up our <U+E419>'s The truth is the truth.
Thanks for the follow. Keeping up with you!
haha that makes it even more tasty!
On my way to prom!
It's Tampico Tuesday! Today feels like a Tropical Punch kind of day… how about you?
it is . Lots of fun but to noisy.. No volume control.. And if I here slight work... Motto .. Or beyonce song I'm going to scream
no, THANK YOU! Keep on doing what you're doing because it's people like you who make an impact.
Omg I forgot today was a friends bday. Happy birthday dana!! Lol
Hey Man! ;3
Austin, I am in you.
RT : RT : Q5) Stop making people find learning opportunities. Make learning part of the job.
how are you?(:
Haven't played for 4 days now, and probably won't get time until like Wednesday.
What to look for in the upcoming #ROC rental guide: neighborhood descriptions, questions to ask landlords, and a comprehensive apt directory
yeah. I was more than half kidding. Post op Tiger Girl keeps me busy...
where u wrk
Have a great Day Yall, knowledge learned today forgives yesterdays ignorance
so true but follow me please!
Thats a great photo!
I have two feet and miracle to make
Looking forward to this mad men season premiere.
I've always been a fan or the light/dark green schemes like in Autzen or Nebraska's memorial stadium. Think it'd look good for
Insanity runs in my family. It practically gallops.
Thirsty for a cocktail, but gotta myself for ASU game :/
I haven't tweeted in like 72917392738 years D;
Saying my day could not get worse was not a challenge
everybody knows that the bird is the word. ;3
Better not to have neighbors whose guests aren't going to ask me to move my car this early in the morning
one more class ugh
Pittsburgh still has tons to be proud of. We had a decade of ridiculous winning. It might be a while here.
Who knew? “: Fun fact: "Jenga" is Swahili for "Build"”
Saw David Letterman Live fo free!!!!!! And saw YOU WERE AMAZINGG!!!!!!! #1Fan love you Jason!! You're music is amazing!!
oh hai woman I did not see you thar!!What a fucked up week!!I need a tim whoretons ™ and a pancake!!
Walking through a ghost town on furlough friday.
I'm at Saltgrass and I'm watching the Bulls play on TV!!!!! :)
I hate going to Costco.
alright I'm at metropolis
HAVING money should never keep you from forgetting where u came from....Bottom to the top!
DYK? Alpha Phi Alpha’s motto is “First of all, servants of all, we shall transcend all”
still part of the weekend
Given how old our QB is, do we need to draft his successor at 37 so he's ready when Weeden retires in a few years?
Counting down the hours until the season opener of TRUE BLOOD!!
It's my birthday and it has been such amazing day
All those fairy tales are full of shit..
hey thanks for the link. yeah, we'll need to be using those guys come fall... funny thing, i used to work for them!
why does everyone say I'm shy, I'm a little shy but not that much
And I congratulate you on having him as an analyst. Meeting him at Penn Station because I missed my train was a huge honor!
I have to be careful what I read when I'm writing fiction. I've heard other novelists say the same.
It’s extremely frustrating when you spell a word so incorrectly that even spell check isn’t able to help you out.
Checkpoint in east los on Whittier near target... spread the word
I gotta memorize them. :P
We need a ViccityBearGuy on Twitter...
Okay so I really need to co-wash my #naturalhair... But that means staying up late knowing I have to get up early... DAMN IT
WTF is the move today?
hey girl we been missing u here on twitter... hope u stay a while... miss u... and see u sooner than later... ;-)
This twitter account makes so much more sense to me than Pinterest itself:
that's for you to find out :)
Thank you! He is my angel. Growing way too fast for me though.
What will you leave behind for your people?
One last wish from Santa is a Packers win over the Bears
not only do the cats wait outside my door now at night, but every time I search a video on Youtube an advertisement in Vietnamese comes up
Right now I am so hot
Hey check put our YouTube for new videos go to our website for a link www.WithoutDelayBand.com
What the F is going in OTH?
and rivalry continues tomorrow who's ready!?
#JobsAct...read about in Black Enterprise mag too, crowdsourcing is a great opp for sm biz
Hail Mary attempt falls short. Penn State 16 - IU 10.
- Nice quote. Gotta love the Greatest of All Time, the "Louisville Lip". Ever been to the Ali museum?
LOL Max Keiser is so incendiary, but you will learn a lot about economics from him.
The Forward poetry prize at 20 - The Guardian
3000+ friends on Twitter, that's awesome!!
Jesus: the great Mystery in manners; the ultimate Grace in nature; the newest thing to ever happen under the Sun; son of God, son of Man.
i really miss you :(( friday cant come quick enough :/
nope! Wait do i know u!
I think the hardest part of holding on is letting it go.
i love your tumblr <3 Haha..anyway.. Pleeaase follow me on twitter please? ;D it would mean so much, you have no idea. :)
Instead of going to brunch or getting our nails done or going shopping my mom wants to go on a run to spend time together
yea yea, how Slovakia treatn u?
I'm not saying there are some literal superstars here tonight. I'm just sayin'. I mean, I'm NOT sayin'
sounds like a groovy plan haha. But do I have to help package them this time?
3 DAYS!!!! eeeppp!! now I get to tweet non stop about my trip!!
Well, snow tires were in use this morning!
Can't wait to see tomorrow!
Thank you, good suh. Mr. Lincoln was indeed our finest President.
McIlroy working on being being halfway to the Thursday slam
Let me know what versions you listen to!
HARRY STYLES IS NAKED!!!! now that i have your attention, go follow !!! x
I'm one of the top commenters in Shane's vlog
They consider blogs a presentational/journaling tool.
I won my first time at trivia night at Shakespeare's. Let me know.
": BALLS!" Here's a listener!
Participating in the Out of the Darkness Walk in Anchorage. Alaska is a great state, we shouldn't lead the nation in suicide.
nice!! Thanks for the tweet! You're our 2nd tweet since the update! Hope you like the app!
Is it short people day on campus
All good things must come to a end!!! <U+270C>
Be a source of light in the darkness of others sorrows.
#thingsiwillmissincollege In-N-Out
I challenge you to a duel.
Not sure. Probably a Nomad.
A great time working the yesterday blown away (again) by the powerhouse of sound that is DZ! Can't wait to have her back...
Experience - the wisdom that enables us to recognise in an undesirable old acquaintance the folly that we have already embraced
Witness quoted saying "He was just firing."
I AM following you, but thought you might like to know I personally almost never follow people who tweet more than 4 or 5 times/day
You're a real sonuvabitch for that Padres highlight tweet.
Why would my manager put the two Mexicans to close tonight on cinco de mayo?! ;(
i am too....haha
Going back to GA today got my shxt together finally.
please Ari<3 pick me? I have tryed for 2 years nonstop now ;*
I cant deny that I love you but I lie If I have to..
Other sports have teams they don't feel major league either. I'm a Royals fan, I know.
yupp, why you don't like them?
Yes im so going to watch Pet Cemetary by myself, and yes im so going to regret it.
I cant make you love me!
Here's to the Mahomies who never fail to tweet "I Love You" to Austin before they sleep, in case they will die the next day. lol I do(;
Attended NoVa Dem Biz Council this a.m. in Falls Church-now in Newport News, heading into the fantastic annual Peninsula JJ Dinner.
A friend of mine characterizes leaders simply like this: Leaders don't inflict pain
I'M LIKE CRYING.
OSAMA DEAD? Really?
Join Team Thomas for Harry Thomas, Sr. Day @ Taft ES fun starts @ 12pm!
Home on a Sat night with my little babe while the big babe is working on stage...
just imagine being the guy staying home with the kids while his wife is at C2E2 - she better bring me something
Happy New Year! Karate chopping 2012 in the throat won't be easy, but let's try.
Grapes... Can't help myself...
hey there:)
Great Movie......But this House Party is too Classic!! Forgot how good it was...
We always were cool , lol.
Ready to strap it up tonight? I'm talking about #TheBelt of course.
your boner. Hahahahaha
that's what they get for playing soccer. ; )
Yess i am
it's so true! I need to take my own advice.
- Do you have any idea who the #ThugInACocktailDress is and if so will we find out when #RHoNY premieres 2mrw at 10/9c?
im so down! Girls night!!
#vatraffic accident on 66W between centreville and manassas rest stop. Still blocking center lane.
To start or not to start apush homework...
correlation is not causation
A: My greatest fear is that I will be juggling too many balls and drop the wrong ones...
You shouldn't of said it now you gonna regret it.
I just killed a cockroach & found out it was pregnant so when I stepped on it. It kinda spattered & out popped the baby also dead.
- Taking things slow with dis dude Praying tht this one work out well :)
The reason for the tea party's limited success in the US is after forty years of neglecting education there are many fools
yeah. And then I'd be pissy that I didn't get things done. So being upright and in my office is probably best. darn it.
To the couple on my street breaking up in the Kia Sportage. Maybe your problem is you're having your big talks in a Kia Sportage.
Purple haze finally opened back up def gone be my spot again this summer!!
Just passed the 20 project mark. #Construction #Photo-data is cool.
For up to date specials, jackpots and events find us on Facebook: thebar LV!
that girl's a keeper :^)
Trying to figure out which payroll service to use. ADP is a bit expensive; QuickBook Payroll is built in but leaves much manual labor...
There's a bar right across the street that looks like nightmare before Christmas meets monster house.
Facebook Default Profile Pic: The Origin Story [COMIC]
Thank you #! Linux for being so amazing! Set up fully in five minutes and I get a nice lil menu for extra features.
WOW Wednesday!!!
Instead of tweeting about your lost #love and resulting depression, grab a bottle of whiskey and an #Adele album.
playing a show @ Naked Lounge in Sacramento on the 30th! More details soon...
So apparently you have to go to each blocked user's page to unblock them, and there is no way to see a complete list of said users.
#alma incorporates all silos into one platform. you don't have to try to make them talk to one another
#wcphilly Tricks of the trade: don't forget to promote your post.
I am reading it right now. It's very good. Highly recommend it.
Good Luck to our festival friends at the Cherry Blossom Festival in Macon, GA! Have a great time... and we are thinking PINK for y'all!
Next Event, I have the pleasure of DJ-ing a surprise birthday party for an awesome person!
too cute! It wanted a bath!
Sweet! Looking forward to watching it!
hello can you followr me
Tweet @ us if your coming to see we want to show them some love
She was very excited to finally fit into that top!
Well this has been an incredibly boring Sunday >.<
:-) RT : Same! & checking out windows :) especially looking forward to seeing !
selfish tears of a man whose first concern was saving his legacy rather than protecting those kids.
I'm so poor I can't even pay attention
1/18/2011 How to Increase Online Sales by Increasing Website Conversion Rates Inc
Tan. Tan. Tan.
As you take another breath, someone takes their last. Stop complaining..... appreciate LIFE.
Finally finished a WHOLE group project BY MYSELF.
RT Feminist author Naomi Wolf arrested at Occupy Wall Street yfrog.com/gzh5x4j (via )
Bachmann on immigration: "I will build a fence. I will enforce English as the official language of the United States government"...Nice
Ronnie's back! The video & the song #thedruginmeisyou are EFFING AWESOME! GO CHECK OUT "The Drug In Me Is You" by Falling In Reverse NOW!
take Gilmer -9.5 and get a free meal.
RT :RT : Caution Snack size Valentine's Day candies may be processed on different equipment than full-size.
Sen. Kohl says "We need a new facility" & that "it's not a wish thing, it's a must thing." is sure he'll make a personal financial commit
The $100,000+ Guaranteed $550 #SpringFling Championship enters its 2nd day as 1B begins at 3pm! Congrats to all of our Day 1A survivors!
Up at Millersville for the PSAC championship.
i'm like the most overdramatic person ever sometimes
I've been busy having fun so I like it but busy with school too -.-
the UN estimates that it would cost $30 billion/year to end world hunger. In 2009 the US spent $2.5 trillion on healthcare.
hahha no problemo cuzo "I NEED A MEDIC OVER HERE"
No! Not that jackhole again!!!
#schoolmemories, when me & Anisah crack ourselves up 'cause we're so damn hilarious. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Some people grin and bear it; others smile and do it. -Anonymous
AND SHE DRIVES A BABY MOMMA BENZ...
Thanks Dean! I think that might kill us though. ;)
It is cool, but dammit, Mom, twitter was MY safe space! #emosulk :)
yes! I like where this is going. It will start with the ghost of Steve and an 8 ball.
I don't know who is more sexier u or Luna I'll just say both<U+E032><U+E032>
oh cool! Lemme know how it goes !
Then embed photos and/or video to tell the story of what is going on and why important.
#thebelt is calling it a night. Take care
I tried calling Theresa today but she wasn't there:/ I just wanted to get that awkward conversation out of the way
... Makes you wonder, why are things the way they are?
Why can't you like someone else's like on facebook? Get on that Zuckerberg!
America, Tea Party Debate was great last night. Get ready for Thomas Bruzzesi, 2012 Republican Candidate for President to storm the race!!!!
We are back and rockin again! thanks for your patience!
Oh thanks. Hahah. Hopefully one day
Biggest prize in 2013 college basketball recruiting class: The Harrison twins - Rivals ranks Andrew #1 and Aaron
#TRUTH RT : Smart girls open their mind, easy girls open their legs, and foolish girls open their heart.
Legal Writing is Persuasive writing
I won't forget :) I'll text you when I get home
you wot have to deal with that NATO shit! Enjoy the mini vacation!
Will do! Especially since I might need to make up for missing early mornings at next week :)
Any #Colorado residents that love Cookies?! We've got a deal for you!
Getting my 'hunt' on to track down a great cup-o-Joe in the Windy City.
jesus wept just tell me already! You know you want to :-) #hogab hands. Off. Get. Away. Bastard
per Jeff B, with a Kindle you can do one handed activities. Just sayin.
Praying for peace
My friend Becca, is a trainer and has a booty camp. Check her out She's a great performer, a hottie, and she'll kick ur ass
Large but shallow dents on drivers side doors, due to teenager. No paint damage, just mild dings.
excellent. Will do. Thanks
That cannot possibly be your favorite movie! C'mon sis. You can do better.
Wait.. they don't? O.O RT : #WhyDoPeopleThink ALL gay guys take it up the ass
New videos posted at www.engagemyfamily.com. Hot pics around the US Ed system.
Ball game!!! That was a fun and very unusual scoring
Morning guys!!
Actually, anus feels TOO clinical. We need a word between anus and butthole.
well, i mean, people's memories do deteriorate at that age, and brains are wired differently and not everyone has a good memory.
I can tell. & you think of them on the spot lol
McKena Aubrey loves you <3 & she doesn't know how to use twitter, so if the turns out looking gay,, that's why.
#eredcarpet - I am giving best dressed to
Actually, the first time it was 2-0.
Now at seven pairs of shoes bought in the last month and a half.
That's right! I'm the comeback kid! ;)
You're welcome! Have a great weekend!
"Sure is hot today, huh?" - What this guy said just before I kicked his ass.
can u give me a shout out on my birthday on saturday
GET T TWEET 2 GETHER CAUSE IM GONNA ROCK THE HOUSE..LOL
Paczki's for everyone! RT : I'd rather eat paczki than pancakes! Have a happy Paczki Day!
#Wicker Park/ #Bucktown!! Download the #Greek4Good app on your iPhone and interact with the billboard at Ashland & Division
I hate when people don't text me back )):
hittin the beach in cocoa so hype this shit on that realshit
Thank you for the mention!
*Sighs softly.*
Yea. Fuck that.
been good! I know right.. Where have you been?
Happy Monday! Looking forward to seeing all of our Monday Clients! Not so much the weather......
Shoutout to New Followers By the way.
Thank you homie!
Rainy day calls for a warm breakfast!
U got that right RT : Coolest thing in sports handshakes only after series ends! Then the sticks to the faithful!
Makes me mad how anything a boy wears is comfy....most comfy people on earth!
Good morning from NYC! Editing another podcast for Tourist In The City, abt. people & sounds in NY. Wondering if I should wake the wife.
hahaha I miss you girl!
OH: "Entrepreneurs don't pay attention to money. That's why they don't have real jobs."
they call me stefana I fucking hate it! #rageface<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
Try adding one more telephone pole per day to your run. Build slowly. Adapt. Stay injury free.
please help stop the 25B settlement now
Will the real #Eagles please show up!!! My goodness what is going on here...
So excited for dinner with the family at Little Havana!
R.I.P. Richard "Dick" Clark
please follow she is you biggest fan!13
Brutal, but hilarious, response by to an aspiring Hollywood screenwriter's innocent inquiry on how he can pitch his movie idea.
Those who have succeeded at anything and don't mention luck are kidding themselves
lol but it's always good to have some back up options though. Jk! lol
Lobster Boil Dinner at Veranda Restaurant - so excited
I bet the CEO of CiCi's Pizza is always CCing his employees on emails. RE: PIZZA
“: Our discussant thinks there's no place for 1/4 in. screens on sites--insists the gauge should be smaller." #saa2012”
Males these days are all talk. Fuck what you say... It's what you're actually doin until then don't spit your game at me
"I mean look at me, I'm as fit as a fucking fiddle."
Thanks for the RTs!
Congratulations to on the opening of your Eastlake school. Cause for celebration!
home bitch!
Getting in an arguement with a woman is like being arrested. Anything you say can and will be used against you.
Haven’t Been Online For Awhile...State Testing Sucks :P
#musesocial is gathering & getting to know! Join us or tweet: What are your hot topics or burning questions for May 8?!
I'm thinking I'll need to see Alien first.
allright Twitter family going to the gym I gotta keep up with Tyrese and Idris Elba sh**t just got real
thanks Eric
you're preaching to the choir my man
im wide awake dont even want to go to sleep !
I just love taking care of the little babies! c: <3
if we get Rudy with 4 fouls quick maybe he can tweet you from the bench
duh, the cowardly lion
#thischristmas I'll be much more charitable. What about you?
At least you'll be ready for Baby Nichols!!!
... already quite familiar with your work. :) But I would be happy to link to the website as well.
RT : The holiday season is here! Our Holiday baking supplies are 10% off!
Homework, gym, laundry, vacuuming...all things that can wait until Happy Hour is over...We open at 5p, Happy Hour goes until 7p....
only if you wash them down with mountain dew... ;)
Make sure you stay until all the credits finish. I just saw it today & there's two extra things at the end. Also it was awesome!
Many people will not have success because when success shows up, it’s wearing overalls and looks like work. quote from Mike Nash - brother
Keep your mouth shut and your eyes open.
Thanks, Pat, you too. (Not summer here but it's been mild; no complaints on that score. But not much tennis outdoors.)
#oomf is a bad bitch
You know what's better than painting? A sharp stick in the eye. No wonder painters are always so stoned.
I'm off tonight. But I'll let them know.
Haven't gotten an @ reply in 24 hours. Better say something stupid!
“: Jess had her baby!” yayyy!!!! :) can't believe it! You totally predicted that one!
im good tired.tho wbu x
He could care less. I go hard for my Grizzlies, but I don't call people out of their name for guys who don't know I exist.
Attention all Musicians! If you want the deal of a lifetime, check out FloodGate Media on facebook, TROS has a new media company!
it's Opening Day-kiss some Angels fans!
Good luck in your senior year, you'll do great! I have no doubt you will continue to be true to yourself, stick with it! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
I just had a conversation with the sketchiest cholo ever! Damn he even had a waterfall of tear drop tats down his face haha
www.facebook.com/home.php#!/pages/Roseanna-Vitro-The-Randy-Newman-Project/153397711370316
The ship arrived so we're moving in to our new place this weekend. I'm now a Bellevueite...
YAy so glad you are a fan. Stay tuned for my new music videos Blue Sky and Be In Love coming soon!
This random... That Morning PISS is the best...
I was pleasantly surprised myself! A bit more 80's-influenced, but still very classic Strokesy
Gonna see the Avengers tonight
i wish the weather would cooperate...it's nice then it rains and now its freezing cold outside! pick something and stick with it! random ftl
Keep up the good work guys!
hey where you get your watch at!!
#prepping for weekend #camping #getaway in the #desert and #stoked to go #offroad in the
Only so much earnestness I can handle at 6am. #FF my faves with an edge
Can you blame them?
tomorrow's my birthday and it would be awesome if u followed me? ;) <3
God is faithful ALWAYS not SOMETIMES! Letting Go and Letting Him take control is the hard part, but when we do :)
too much to explain!
It's the Bard's 448th birthday! My favorite plays: Much Ado, Twelfth Night, Hamlet and Macbeth.
Hi friend! watch on my site littleliars(dot)org,all the Pretty Little Liars se2 episodes online,free access!100%
PP&R hopes to have the benches back in place soon, maybe a week or two, after refurbishment.
Did you know? limited weekend memberships are now only $10. See you soon for the IRT Florida Spring Break Pro Am March 7-11.
Mets get it done, now if the Rangers can do the same.
that's exceptionally cool.
Was a good one tonite! RT : thanks so much for hosting the chat!
yes maam well i might go home early cause i dont feel good but idk yet
#BGC8 is literally #insane Can't wait to see the reunion when everything finally comes out!!
I want to make a second account just for austin, but iddk.
Monday already?
On the road....headed to Ocean Shores for the Olympus Rally...helping Driver Corey Salisbury in service. Yeeeeeaaaahhhhh!
that's awesome! We love to hear it!
how did she apply the color?
We'd love to have you in RT : omg - their menu looks too good! lol
Recently started watching the show 'All on the Line with Joe Zee' and have found it a very nice look at the business side of fashion
wanna win some free stuff? Join SAPB at the info table on the first floor of the Campus Center from 11-1!
Volunteers can help!
are you a fan of Singularity?
Happiness is the best face lift.
Party passes are for people who want to attend a party but not the whole conference. These are $50/night and can be purchased onsite.
": lol. Good, got a show in cali this weekend"cool have fun :) I luv cali and have a good show don't 4get bout us
Rollin' Newspapers. Ready for bed. (:
Its not just hate either.
Tis the Season Indeed... Now to figure this thing out..
The power of social media... That's why I came to the
Didn't realize there was another NFL team in Texas...let me know when Houston gets 5 rings...or 1.
Oh good LORD no.
LOL RT : Kobe has that "I just murdered my entire team and you guys have no idea yet" grin to his speech right now.
what's up? how you livin in tomorrow??
nice!!! Grateful everyday!! :)
I know that me to
I Hope This Summer Be Fun
RT : Emery says Hardin will line up at strong safety
Miss: I'm jumping on a unicorn to make her fart magic out of her butt!
till u get ur additions
BOOM WE FLYIN IN A SPACE SHIP BACK TO THE BASIX BACK TO THE MAYTRICKS
hey you! wanna do a drunk history talk in april? wanna email me about it?
i'm always so tired but i stay up watching movies and reading.
don't worry, we'll all float all right
is saying GREAT is the Lord and He is greatly to be praised!! Hallelujah!!
Union Rags
when my dog's too lazy to jump off the couch so he slumps over the side & slides down until he's lying on the floor...you know he's a kew.
Forget what you've learned all you give is returned.
My life is in shambles
Magic people. Voodoo people.
North Korea
I am now reading: "Maeve Brennan, Homesick at The New Yorker: An Irish Writer in Exile" by Angela Bourke
Thank you! When you get time check me out www.reverbnation.com/jewallep and I will most def keep up wit ur music
It's a dream until you write it down, and then its a goal. - Anonymous...What is your #1 goal that you want to accomplish in the next year?
The Brand New station on #pandora is really helping me get through the last bit of the work day
Right choice of plants and #evergreens means that there is always something blooming or green in your #yard, even in winter months
Desmond. I saw him in another show, Brotha!
Have you checked out the new toolbar yet?
Tonight I get to see the little one :) been to long I miss lane <3
Thank you for your comment!!
When a person suffers from a bad relationship, bad choices and bad decisions it is easy to suffer from misplaced anger. Make better choices.
Cool, thank you! RT “: HEARD THE NEW SINGLE AND IT IS AMAZING!!!! :D”
Agreed, that #halftime commercial will be remembered by many #sb46 viewers!
Party tonight? Kewl.
Yes! We are going to #factorcon , we're getting in tomw night in time for the #RMP cocktail reception :) Will you be there?
Ugh ...sometimes I forget to reply to my messages
“ Grief is a merciless master. Just when you think you're free, you realize you never stood a chance. #Revenge”
Nice program!
Find me at WWDC ;)
if he keeps hurting you why dj you keep going back to him -
Secret hollister sale
Our special guest co-host is the hot,sexy JZZ!!! on Break That Single show right now w/DJNateski
Yep. They'd better get this crap fixed by the time UK comes on. I hate ESPN.
Did you know that flax is good for your skin and hair?
Bayside is a great band.
This is how you disseminate to multiple Social media assets
That is hard to measure locally. I know some brand info nationally for nonprofits but not locally. Hmm.
About to make a dumb ass out of myself on stage at El Camino right now.
- Hoke's winning with Rich Rods recruits who are now bigger, faster, stronger, and more experienced, especially on Def
#corbinbleu is following us on twitter now! wanna be as cool as him? FOLLOW US <3 we follow back!
An old friend just called and seeked my help. He and I are both seeking God. Tada.
Bakersfield! We are playing with tonight at the underground. We hit the stage at 925, cya there :D
We offer FREE SEO web promotion for musicians and music venues in the USA with the help of www.WebPromotion.com
#FridayListens THE RING OF SOLOMON by awe-inspiring & voiced by the great Simon Jones. Bartimaeus forever!
updating my ipod hope its not a fail lol
ronnie and samis relationship reminds me of my friends and her bf relationship......
OMG i know! i love a lot of the crews this season!
Swagger plus 10!!! Hulking like a mofo
cant wait til friday!!!:)
thank you so much! I will miss you!!!! We will always have twitter and FB! Don't be a stranger!
so true... but are excited for it to be built! :)
Bad economy job idea: Personal harassment trainer
Nah, that would require courage. I'm not seeing that here.
Captain Crunch Berries flow! Lol
Frugal Family Tree: Tom&#39;s Of Maine Toothpaste Review
What is school?
This Pendejo Better Have Finished His Part Of The Project ->
Making cookies at midnight >
Kind of angry it's uber cloudy in Boston - can't see the
We are looking for webisodes/series to be featured on our Network! Our launch kicks off Jan 2012! PM me for more details!!!
I rely on the twisosphere 4 advertising our products and it works. Just cause it's free doesn't make it ineffective.
I won the lottery!! Hold on... Nope... My ticket was upside down... And in my imagination... and now I'm going to cry about it.
#rememberwhen nick was being a pussy last year kept complaining of arm pain & sean blamed it on him wackin it too much?
LOL. So are you Speedog 2? BHS TENNIS? The Situational Franchise? Or simply all of Page 2 per chance..?
MT "Wear White" TODAY to Support IFC's White Ribbon initiative against sexual violence!
Thanks for the follow! :-)
RT : Reminder - all Vail Mountain roads and trails closed tomorrow, May 11, as crews fly out old Vista Bahn towers by helicopter
See that? How I swing from one tree to another? Fuck you Tarzan.
Is there any more intoxicating aromatics from White Burg than that of Coche Dury? I think not. 04 Meursualt Genevrieres is singing tonight!
"What's the deal with European coins?"
Another full night of songwriting after a full day of grinding.
baby u trying to get Willow Black Thunder
The power of imagination makes us infinite. - John Muir
Not used to this timee change -.- i aint sleepy !
you never text me anymore <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Yeah! Looking forward to this evening's mother blessing. Paint my belly!
bench warmer?
Most common lies I hear: Death n family Kid sick I'm sick
In #LasVegas #text TINYWARDROBE to 90210 for alerts on great specials from The Tiny Wardrobe on kids clothes & accessories. Use #mobile!
America's surrogate mothers explores the role of mammy in popular culture.
My armpits smell like baby vomit. MAYBE Right Guard shouldn't make a "Baby Vomit" scented deodorant.
Hang in there old man. RT : Ban-Joey is fading.,. May not make the end of this crazy race... z
like I'm a demented whale on fb and then I come on twitter and everyone's like your a sex god LOL
Absolutely! Well said.
all's good just getting it in uh lil sumpin sumpin on da mix tip......POOF!
have to go to this website! vote for hugo! should i spell it out? H-U-G-O. and best male new comer: ASA BUTTERFIELD do it................NOW
All of a sudden everyone is a Thunder fan!! Unless u from OKC how you rep a team that's only been around for a few years??
PHaha so true “: GoDaddy commercials are Affliction T-shirts for our televisions.”
just go to the FB page and keep requesting me or any other of your favorite's and let your friends do the same..
all moved into Stanford
All I need is the opportunity.
Thanks for the mentions!
You should check with Brent the Popcorn Warden!
Spent the first five years teaching my kids to share and then enrolled in sports and had to teach them to STEAL the ball.
Guinea pigs are jealous. Made a sign from hay: "We are the 99".
Can't wait for dis summer
of course not... you're here in spirit ;) If I don't go to the lake Saturday, I'm coming over
:D you like talking to your self dont you kayla? *pretend im spongebob and your squidward *
Let's do this, Brutus! Chicago to Orlando boarding. Over/under on screaming kids on this flight - 4.5
DOUBLE SCIENCE IS TORTURE
kill'em with sexiness!
Right! And if you did, you'd probably be like, "look at her crazy face!" This person is oblivious, haha.
Alex loves jack will always be the best TT ever.
can i PLEASE get a " good luck" from you?!?! I have a huge exam later??
you're 21 and dont have your license...are you amish?
this rule is so underrated Keep your family and business completely separated Money and blood don't mix
Love how you juss put me in the "mah homies" list... <3
they don't go on many trips now. This is his 2nd this year. Aisleigh has been on 4 already!
frogmanbunny Yah seriously. Without the bundle PS3's are only 249 now. That's really crazy. Same price as Vita (when it launches next year)
taking a walk really nice day out
Why you so concern about other females being Hoes?!!
NASAND pow wow on field house mall right now!!!! Come out and support and hear some awesome drumming!!!
That's the spirit! There's plenty of disappointment and rejection in this biz. Keep writing and putting yourself out there.
I'm only productive within the two minutes it takes for my microwave to cook popcorn.
BIG THANK YOU to our proud sponsor and awesome Team TD Bank!! You are great!!!!!
Ima give myself until about 3 ima be knocked out in this chair.
I just earned the Crosstown Magic badge on #Yelp!
Probably means you're not up for the job =P It also sounds sketchy so you're probably shouldn't apply
#nowplaying Dublin Crow by Butch Walker
thx and yeah let's hang out.
Waffles rule, pancakes drool. For reals.
Social Network
I'd like a #hologram of myself working that I can set up in various locations while I snooze on a beach somewhere.
Monday's are always so interesting! Have a great one folks! :)
I'm pretty sure these questions were written by the Obama election team.
omg, bitch please (; hahahah
#whosaiditwasok for u to rock sum orange foamposites when they come out
u sent a vid of Stevie Wonder
HAHAHAH i thought it was a graduation for keio lololol <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+0087>
"Patriotism is not short, frenzied outbursts of emotion, but the tranquil and steady dedication of a lifetime."
FYI to Managers-if your best workers are feeling unacknowledged and burnt out you risk losing them!
thanks for spreading the word! looks like a pretty cool exhibit :)
I can only imagine how odd my Spotify playlists have looked to Facebook friends today. Lot's of terrible 80's music!
has finished its new websites. www.heavehoproductions.com and www.newspirits.net
is my
Cab was late, long line to get in to visitor's center, but I somehow made the group photo this morning for the conference. Yay!
I like.
gotta say hazed & infused is delocious and I dont say that abouy many beers. Great job!!!
Your looks should be illegal.
RIP Junior Seau
you're not factoring in the 54% GDP growth that will result with the new lower taxes
The size of the "rockets" fire into Israel are medium sized model rockets. Not why I normally would refer to as a rocket.
Goddamn it! #Caps score to make it 3-3 in the 3rd. Horrible D by the #Bruins there.
Oh My! Kit! Ikaw na talaga! pink polo shirt!
omg you made me legit cry I love that! Happy 1 year(:
A bit slow but it was a great day!
no señora today = no spanish for us!
i am so busy with shcool,iam sick of exams :(
THE MOST IMPORTANT PREDICTOR OF SUCCESS STARTS AND ENDS WITH DETERMINATION! IT'S THE FIRE THAT BURNS FROM WITHIN! LET'S GET IT!!!!
RT : UH OH...Everybody drop your instruments! MONSANTO owns Fender and Gibson now!
I need 2 talk u ill txt u n a sec
Who wants a twitter group?:]
have u been to 16 Handles? I like it better than Red Mango.. Not as healthy but I like it better. #hopeRedMangoRetweetsThis lol
Closed groups can lead to inbred ideas/answers, but I'm seeing more turn into collaborative communities.
RT Panel! with
The stars should come to you and ask permission to shine
So, are the #Cubs mathematically eliminated yet? Go Card!
All guys are jerks :/
I was the kid next door's imaginary friend.
That bothers him and he's going to have to beat some respect into him on next week's show.
. Please stop ruining Pavement and Gold Soundz for me and all humanity.
I wanna party like never before! #party ?(:
Arranging new song material on piano.
At this point I dont care where I go as long as I get out of Pigeon Forge
nice to meet you tonight. :)
yeah g2g byeess have nice sunday tomorrow
The WORLD HAS LOST A MAJOR TALENT, I am so sad, we LOVE YOU MICHAEL JACKSON
RT As the #1 Jagr fan in Pittsburgh since 1990, it would be awesome if followed me.
If you need my help kicking some ass let me know, I been working out like a mug *flexes*
how did today go?
anybody ever fly with loose tea leaves? Am wondering if cannister or ziploc is best. Ziploc looks ridiculous.
I had a wonderful Mother's Day! Thank you,<3 and granddaughter. :-D
Omg, you're banned from some! Congrats on being a bad ass, lmaoo, what did you do to get banned?
Put "eat chocolate" at the top of your list of things to do today. That way, at least you'll get one thing done.
you RT'd me saying shout out time. Not the one I said RT for a shout out lol
This Deviant Dales is not bad. Not normally a Dales fan, but I can dig this.
Selling an LA Staples Center 2013 ticket!!! Come at me bros ahahah please RT!
Lil Wayne Bill Gate >>>
Hi Sarah. Could you please share a direct link to your #reverb11 prompt?
i totally aqree!
RT : Please go to www.leandraslaw.info and sign the petetion to strengthen laws against drunk drivers.
whats wrong with it?
even for #GenY it's a crap term - we have the same frustrations. Let's band together and start a coup!
There is justice in the world after all! A few weeks too late though....
Lmaoooo this little kid keeps throwing sand at Paola with the only evil smirk
any word on who's at fault?
Definitely come out to #EKLECTIK! Ali will be there carving #fangs as one of our official vendors!
sitting here. bored as hell.
This life it was made for me & im not giving it up for nobody!!
AWESOME!!! so glad you liked her!
Thank you! Have a good day
A writers ability to write stories, it is only possible cause she believe it is.Become Writers of your own future using actions as words.
I am so nervous for the #NYR game. I have a feeling that Henry will need to stand on his head for the #NYR to win
Valencia virtually empty, except for the 100 people in line at Ritual.
Shout out to Hennessy. You make my mean mug wonderful lol
chucky, when you adding that NYC show
I wish u were at a pool party too! RT I wish I was at a pool party work killin me today! Lol
Hi Jeff - thanks for the follow! Stop in if you are on the east side & want great cup of coffee! :-)
Prophet #21-24, by , is basically a Bruckner Symphony in comic book form - same sense of Time Itself pushing over you - DvL
scary! I hate spiders
Atta boy, Posey, smacks a single up the middle to hopefully rouse him from his slump
I'm guessing that you'll rejoice, but your reaction says a lot.
We are not human beings having a spiritual experience. We are spiritual beings having a human experience. – Pierre Teilhard de Chardin
Q3 from Paul Downey: Do you support city funds to support senior nutritional programs?
": I wish phones had unlimited battery power" ... He Said This Rightt When My Phonee Hit Dead ! Hahaha :)
is this the neuro science building at Methodist?
have a great day!
lol. have some wine for me, darling.
One word texts are probably one of the worst things in the world.
Ha! RT Ernest Hemingway just showed up, as played by Nick Nolte.
Enjoying coffee outside alone. Kids are sleeping and I'm grateful to be a mommy of 3 beautiful boys. Happy Mother's Day to my fellow mamas.
:Q << he's smoking a cig
Stupid Temple Run. Always draining my phone battery...
Google play hates on me
Seeing your name of my timeline. #Whore I'm unfollowing who retweeted your nasty ass.
I told my aunt send the pic and she ask have you got it and she looked and was like. I still have to press the bottom to send
I love Zayn too! <3 :D Such a cutie. :)
Rest ye O rest ye weary soul in thou fairest maidens bosom
Always fiqht for what you want , hey you dont know you'll maybe just win . Have confidence & believe.
God does work in mysterious ways and I love to sit back and watch him work on me! It's just beautiful hiw he works. I love you God!!
Hey people bye people
Oh ok.. so your just starting Culinary school. Where abouts in NY...
let's see IL has 9 Billion in unpaid bills. Nope that won't help. Next cause.
#WhatGetsMeMad is when someone acts like they know every little thing about me when in reality they don't know shit.
Also, in the meantime,can't I get cast in some movie where the excess weight would help me round out the character?
that's a good (and important) one
I will pimp my wares like my named is Goldie in platform boots and a purple suit.
I'm just going to say it - Tiger Woods is by far the most dominant athlete of our generation, and the scary part - he has a LONG way to go!
Vidal Sasoon's father was from Greece, his mother the Ukraine, as a young man he fought Br. fascism before becoming hairdresser 2 the stars.
Thug le Thug le! ;)
ipad or keyboard???
By the end of the game, I bet it balances out. It sure seems to be that replay is useless. Too many blown calls this season.
omg, thats such a good idea lol dude I cant stop the voice!! Ah its scary-__-
going to sleep late but maybe we'll hang out tomorrow afternoon... #pinkberry?? Tweet me.
Hey Gorgeous! Merry Christmas!! Big New Years plans in the Big Apple? XOXO
Granny G on America's Got Talent >>
Good Tuesday morning, Twitterverse! Have y'all thanked for making #AmericasGotTalent watchable? You really should!
what's up with these make $ from home tweets? Are they legit or did you get hacked?
there's nothing more valuable than Jesus Christ
It is one of the many things that make us special!
Flying home today. /: wow. Time flew by.
Both Of Us Remix is gonna be FLAWLESS (: :)
RT : So much fun for #CindodeMayo yesterday. Best Mariachi band around!! <<-- I"m glad you had fun!
how do you expect to shoot anything? Lol
Late to class -.-
Special callout to my 1,000th follower: (and from my home town too!). He wins a PLoS ONE PDF of his choosing.
wow. RT : #Clemson with the W. Amazing. THIS Clemson team is now tied for 4th in the ACC.
ohh I forgot to tweet you haha but I did good, hbu?
Red towards Shady Grove. It was a 4k series. 4025, I believe.
And their tailgating and special "presents" left in our alleys. They also were tearing down trees to put in their bonfires
i heard you got SEO, sucks
it's Tee-Swizzle.
Yes! You too! Hoping for a good egg hunt tomorrow. :) Happy Easter!
yep! we're thin enough and, with great defensive clubs, we really need him in there.
Thinking about Emmett Till & Zora Neale Hurston. Our history is clearly still our present. Time to refocus on building the movement
OK!! what you used to know as "slavetobeauty" is now "arillenblaylock"!! To update everyone at once, I give free hair/makeup/fashion tips!!
Call for artist is still up on the blog. 'Hobby Fun for Everyone!' exhibit is coming up. Also, SWEET 3 bedroom apartment is for rent!
I'm actually jealous. It'll be weeks before I can see it.
Early morning flight... Early bird gets the worm!!!
WOW , give me a frickin' HEART ATTACK by telling me sent me a video message!! that's just mean
Will evidence come up at Friday's bond hearing for Zimmerman? - CNN International
love it!!! Beautiful film and I heard in the mourning was amazing!!!
i was in my room and then i hear a door open and i get super scared because no one's home D; it was my parents bedroom.
It takes them like a month to get materials, and that's the quality we get for the simulcast?<_<
I'm seeing neg ideas about SMEs that we might need to reconsider.
RT : Its official! $2 million garuntee agreement for our event with 20% profits for !
Taking 4.5 year old on first amusement park excursion. She is still asleep and i am already tired.
thank you so much Dan :)
Beauty and the beast tonight! Excited to go see it!! :)))
I'll be at Becky's anyway seeing Scott..fan girling....hah. But seeing Rick Hearst's name does make slightly jealous LOL
I love Bill's hair...Awesome!!! LOL
trying to find a new icon pic that I like .... not feelin' this one...
Denver Fire reporting two kids through ice near Chambers and 51st. on the way to the scene in Green Valley Ranch.
Check us out!! Interested in degrees in Latin American Studies?! Visit: www.clas.osu.edu
Yeah I agree the next year or 2 Madden 3D I wonder if they are ever gonna have. Chicago bear on the cover
Will you let me know if that fixes it? thanks.
Human [to Alien]: why are you here? / Alien: to find out why you have child soldiers / Human [jokingly]: to resist an alien invasion / Zap!!
#DeepestSongsOfAllTime Mockingbird, When Im Gone, Hailies Song, Like Toy Soldiers, and many others by Eminem <33
I think designing an API requires more thought than anything else that developers usually work on.
My heart is very sad. Please keep someone I know in your thoughts and prayers.
Just give your love and I'll be happy , <U+2665>
": Out tomorrow - final blog on non-Ranger's fans views on fairer competition - and Christian Aid's view of Rangers"
worst of times for media, best of times possibilities for new forms to provide work for #writers DJ Waldie #USC # writers conference
you love me :) will u Marry me "tones"?! Bc ur just too cute..like the store...in cross county
I guess I'll have to get used to the distance.
Khloe Kardashian Takes a Picture with Her “Real Dad” Alex Roldan -
Why are Christmas trees like bad knitters ?They both drop their needles !
Just got done finishing my content for a brand product... Even the simplest idea will set you free!!!!
:) RT“: There's a reason is my favorite guard: shows like that. #wgi”
website building and Christmas song learning. I'm turning Little Django into Little Rudolph for one night only.
Finishing up the radio edit of Eff The World for then on to some treatment writing and studying
you aren't one of "the guys"
How hard is it 2smile more? 1of the easiest things u can do 2day 2make others happy is simply vow 2smile more!
probably midnight, the longer i sleep, the quicker I go to bed, its weird. and i ask you the same question all the time lol
Hey which armrest should you use in a movie theater?
is amazing :-)
"Great," you say?
There are a lot of things that would have gotten a hard stare out of me had they been suggested in the mid-90s.
it wasn't bad! Just something at the end pissed me off
#thingsisaywhilereadingmyTL child nobody wants to hear you funky ass mixtape....
The man who moves a mountain start by moving small stones
Members Card NJ Devils ML -160 (15 units)
oh hi :) not a lot, how are you?
Aye that show My Mama Throws down that we went to the taping of is finally on TV I heard lol
Worst stomach ache ever. Thankful this morning for my caring boyfriend taking care of me.
Chivalry is NOT entirely dead; it's napping on my couch with an empty Natty Light in his hand, snoring like a motherfucker.
That's Sexi Lexi's boyfriend ; )
Shower time <U+E409><U+E409>
live,love as long as u can!!!!!!
welcome back =)
Recognize. Explore. Adopt. Live The Real Change Project
Damn straight! That sword is MINE!
So How Sexy is your hair today Salon Ramsey Midtown 404.841.1499 www.salonramsey.net
This is gonna be a long night.
Ok - it's late time for bed- I have been on this computer to long today! Good Night!!
don't tell anyone, but Juan doesn't speak English
I just read a bulletin advertising the "Sisterhood of Gay Women." And here I thought that incest was still illegal in the state of Texas.
Blondes may have more fun but brunettes marry the Prince!
Sitting next to designer... support
omg. Where did he say that LOL?
#HypeMeUp!!!! I swear I'm on a whole notha level right now!!
we dm'd you back :)
holdn my baby causin in her uncle room
No. Don't have a Stickerman yet!
“: We gotta do something before I leave k :-)” call me maybe ;)
thanks for the follow, I'm a misplaced, homesick Texan who could use a serious dose of the south! xo
Don't forget to pick up your Centrum Silver. RT : Breakfast, Palm Sunday mass, Lowes/Target/grocery.
love the Advantage Me performance from #SXSW !
And we didn't get a invite smh messed up lol« Cook out at 3....Hope it doesn't rain»
Sad story about guy who visits his father-in-law and won't be able to if the payroll tax cut extension isn't passed.
Don't know if I will have the chance, but thanks for the suggestion and keep up the great work.
Go Finns! “: Let's hear it for Finland!”
The awkward moment when your ex bestfriend and ex boyfriend start dating!
you are welcome!
how long have you been together?
We have Youtube's Synth000 on with his insane aCapella and then I get to have some alone time with - 9pm EST @ ZenLive.tv
It's not a Monday morning in the lab unless I spend a good 30 minutes going through BuzzFeed. ...I bet this is their traffic surge time.
Is everyone ready for another Paltalk Easter Egg hunt?.. going to start one on the hour… let your friends know!
or an exotic dancer
I need to get out of this house and do something. I've slept all day.
Will do!
You know, I don't know where to get a Frito pie other than in Texas. Not in Virginia!
Rat Pigeon Smoothies
I'm in. Who else is doing a #writingsprint w/ us?
Seeing The Lucky One!
Finally found the drawer for the film "astral wars",exciting me.Now all the scenes can be drawn and ready for presentation.
Hooray, the boss bought us BBQ! Maybe we should do a "free pork rib with 100+ color prints" promotion today. DISCLAIMER: we're not going to.
“ “ Focus your energy on what blesses you, not what has broken you. #Godfidence””
You can get lost in conversation.
Thanks for the follow guys!
Flacco came up short. Are you surprised? I'm not.
Interesting to reflect on the "intelligence" of the collective social phenomenon described in collaborative research
let me know when you get some hot music!
Bitch will cut your brakes, to get your man <U+2702>
& my Grandfather actually. Boys were kept in curls until a certain age Dad says.
": Damn less then a min left! :O #KnicksFightingForTheirLives"
been watchin ya since married with children...Ya still lookn..if i ever get famous most def gonna try to wife you up...
Rs are in the majority. Don't count on them.
#YouWasSexyUntil u spoke more and I realized how many generations of "DUMB" u were!
"When I get sad, I stop being sad, and be awesome instead... True story !" - The great Barney Stinson
Finally got Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows Part 2!<3 Life is officially great, haha. Gonna go watch part 1 & then 2 with my sister(:
that's exactly what the good book says...lol! And it works:)
I am off to a Miami book fair in less than two weeks to show off my books... This is so exciting I can't wait!!!
Nothing inspires random strangers to talk to me more than my Texas t-shirt. Too bad my mom told me never to talk to strangers.
"where did you get it" omfg stop im dying
Put it on shuffle and got a dcTalk song followed by a tobyMac song.
my baby sleep <U+E058>
My daughter Rachael Aurora turns 4 today....
what time is it?!? In Texas it's only 1:26 am
didn't know about that one
Player scores for #Eng in their 3-0 Victory over Poland at Gresty Road.
more specifically the unequal distribution of the ability to obtain 'wealth'
I really can't be around musty people for too long.
Just count it up and bag it mane yea that's what Ah hustla Say!!
Tried to order an a850 on Sunday and kept getting an error. Customer serv took over. 5 phone calls later, still no order. #Sony site fail.
Hello there the angel from my nightmare
When do clocks die?When their time is up.
Did you see Pan Am "Kiss Kiss Bang Bang"?
Thinking and reflecting on my career
I'm watching jackass3.5 it awesome and plz follow me you would make me the happiest girl in da worl.
take that filth down immediately. I'll be the one throwing the brick through your window. Or maybe I'll just TP your room
nothing but rain here in the Couve! So jealous of the sun!
Who do you know that is looking to purchase a home in the Austin area? www.sherryscales.com
since its not showing on tv for me atleast and espn charges u to watch it online im just gonna listen to radio barca for the game haha
Don't care what anybody says, "Golden Girls" and "Girlfriends" are the best chic shows eva!!
Went to the wrong hotel. Rookie mistake
Fight time!!
My Favorite Candy Is Reese's Dem Thangs Be Hitten
o.O hm
"You've really out-boo'd yourself."
Ha! It's such a novel idea! Bowman wouldn't know what to do with it!
girl I'm still tryin to impress them why?
Thanks for the amazing job you did commentating for the Battle of Florida Collegiate Game. Re runs Sat Jan 28th 11.30am FOX
Coach Thibbs did that.
Amazing, as usual! :)
All day, today, I was thinking it was Thursday.
hahah me to
You tell us... Is "liking your own post" better than "licking your own post"!?
Thanks lovely one... love your pic from that fabulous day at Gallery 788...
His swinging style.
that's gross but I miss working :(
Press desk set up for Off to gym to recover from all the #atxunscripted food stops and to create room for more delicious tacos.
Love the EU iTunes folks. What a great trip.
Love the passive aggressive name of my neighbor's wifi. Used to be "I can hear you having sex"... now it's "U mad bro?"
Yeah :D what day ?
At Generations United board working to support #multigeneration #families in a volitile economy with a new report to the public
I'm on my phone & the Dean comes in yeah I had a heart attack.
About to see Yamandu Costa (Brazilian guitarist) at Towson University. I have high hopes!
when reading #tarot live online - great idea is 2 provide a summary of 3-5 most important points, illustrated by 1 specific card.
no you didnt
This Delisle Trial is ridiculous.
Wow! I can't believe this shit! I guess
Couches are here! Seeing people move my furniture is giving me ridiculous anxiety. I'm not watching.
You aren't kidding. It's reached the point where I make my boss wait for me to finish with twitter before responding to him.
that is one of our family favorites also...
My face is stained with mascara bc I didn't get my way, not bc I should actually be crying.
Too many hoes at homestead
shes about to have a what? BITCH FIT!
Krump to the Red Sea, melt down the golden calf, drink it, krump, be doomed to krump through the desert for forty years
The intellectual investment of social media is the most time-consuming
Now try it in reverse order...
On one hand, it helps prequalify prospectives. On the other hand it could mean you miss out on something interesting...
Ah the pink palace! Love! : polo lounge ”
The more you entertain foolishness the less you have realized how short life really is.
Man oh man I'm playin catch up all ready. Nice work!
I wonder what is doing right now. I'm sure it's something wonderful.
Ha! I may stop in at MdHS today. Would you have time to show me those Hughes/Cit yLife imgs this afternoon ?
how were you not following me before??
Here's our 60 today! Now we have to get through a 50 degree week to get back to 60 on the weekend.
I feel resolved.
Still working through some issues. This weeks a 'transition' week. Big things ahead, we promise! Anyway we can help otherwise?
Thanks Noah! Fans like you keep me going
what's going on why is everybody talking about the voting of iconic boyz!?
Great Plains snow storm.
Gotta to go back to the hospital after this...
RECONSTRUCTION: Something rebuilt after being damaged or destroyed-Civil War & South-Globalization's effect industrial education;
Rye Checklist: Schools, Sound, Easy Commute For the deep-pocketed buyer with a checklist, Rye, in southern Westchester, just might be the
Posh wedding for James Corden - The Sun
Keynote with confirms that private social networks (like Club Member Connect) are a key asset for clubs
When that happens to me, the next one that I write is always one of my best. Like a cosmic editor saying "You can do better."
Cause of hep C outbreak unclear
Can we retire "down ass _____________" and "ride or die __________"? We already know who is and who ain't! Stop lyin to these females
a PR emergency is significantly different than building loss or the like
Clogged drains? Periodically pour half a cup of bleach down your sink drains to help sanitize them!
thanks for following :) keep in touch!
I was born naked..
Right now im sick... Just like overnight... I really need to get my tonsils removed
Still looking for a #SQLServer based #DataWarehouse #Developer for an exciting company in San Francisco
Can my ex-wife file bankruptcy against me? Soon at www.lakelaw.com/lakeblawg
hahaha I think it needed to be pure Red, maybe with a hint of Pink, ya know??!
Drake's verse on Point of No Return ft. Eminem........proof he's runnin out of rhymes!!
great to meet you!
And Elton, it turns out, is a cool, unconventional name for a woman.
Worked some over the weekend and finally solved a config problem that has been nagging me for past week. Can start week off with clean slate
Wrong! Military, employers, sports, courts, etc would still test bec they want their people straight.
how are they gonna do the shows without him?!
If your a guy and can't bait your own hook, I instantly lose all respect for you!
Poll: do you tip valets when you drop the car off, pick it up or both? How much do you generally tip?
Saw you on CNN and you guys sounds awesome! Hopefully you are coming to Chicago soon. I also found my jean jacket...rock on
Everyone support Kaleidoscope as defending champs in the Battle of the Burgers this Saturday!
I'll be there! RT : who's hosting tomorrow nights game?
he hasn't done it consistently which makes me think he is on decline, still very good just not the old wade
": There's a difference between who we love, who we settle for, and who we're meant for.."
yes u do and rock u just got burnt by cena
Want a glass of wine with that pedicure? No problem! We are improving our space and services to make you feel even better! Come see us.
Craigslist post is up now it's time to go get bred at the bookstore.
<U+2729>I will love the light for it shows me the way, yet I will endure the darkness because it shows me the stars.<U+2729> Og Mandino
happy sunday funday
Solid prediction. Keep up the good work.
School was AMAZING !!! <3
Sorry guys I havent been online but i am always responding to my fan mail and my fan texts which go directly to my fone :)
Up at Niagara Falls, played 2 shows yesterday and 2 more today, then hitting Buffalo tonight
Heh, I think those are great too...
lol its alright u ain't got much longer short stuff
David Butler: Newspapers have a poor track record of monetizing the Web Still very much focused on print sales, not digital
Downloading #Photoshop #CS6 beta...
in the wild!!!
Happy Mothers Day
Keith olbermann is headed to current tv
You know what I want and you know what I need (:
Ok water glass filled the glass with her boobs. I think I want a coke.
really hope the ravens do the right thing and sign so he can retire in the purple and black
"oh my gosh I love him isn't he perfect?"
you are the second woman to say that today. African American kids nicknamed me Spiderman when I worked at a school.
HE IS PURE BEAUTY!!!!
Study for exams or chill n watch tv.... well I'm deff feeling chill n watch tv :) f that whole studying thing!!!
Wow. Someone just blocked me. Why because I don't agree that "Same sex marriage isn't biblical" OKAY THEN.
Life expectancy would grow by leaps and bounds if green vegetables smelled as good as bacon. - Doug Larson
keep dreaming...
I know, I wish I could be there! I would have taken my students, and had them write about it. It would have been the perfect class.
on 'nsync days, on Moves Like Jagger... It happens in three's... Who's coming out with the next mea culpa?
glad to hear you're OK, sounds like it could have been worse!
11 fouls for G'town in the first half. Sims, Lubick, Hopkins, and Thompson all have 2
That awkward moment when you and your best friend act more like a couple than you and your boyfriend do.
#YouWereCuteUntil you opened your mouth.~
For some reason I have vague memory of us having to sing "A Whole New World" during assemblies... weird
How do you define success? Is it your title, how much money you make, the accomplishments you have? For me it's the happiness of my family.
did you read #rush's apology?
Looking forward to an animation festival tonight in Brooklyn.
Some people, even in photos, just look like they'll smell.
Joe DiMaggio had a 61 game hitting streak in the minors. It ended on a game winning sac fly. Neat.
Be a Girl with a mind, a Bitch with an attitude & a Lady with class"
Bottled my first batch of home-brewed beer tonight. Two or more weeks until it's ready to drink, though.
wWwo0Oo0o feels good to be HhOoMmEe...!!
B-Meg ascends to throne, ends an era
Awesome: Max Saunders on modernist "manuals" imagining brains in vats, cell phones, brain hacking and other post-humanist stuff
What are the objectological positions available?
Hang on. Either my #JackRussell has a tick or a newly sprouted 5th nipple...a tick it is. Out, out, beast.
Carmel Farmers Market opens at 8 this Saturday morning! Great music, great Indiana-grown produce, great atmosphere. Visit us for breakfast.
Thank you kindly for the RTs!!
wish I could have attended that today, get my mobile on. oh well, one of my friends decided to have their wedding today.
when brian just tells me he was sleeping with his eyes open last night....
What channel is The Ellen Show on?
past 10pm i be afriad to see what these smuts post on twitter lol....#twitterafterdark really does exist
All these pics you're posting are getting me excited for this CSA start!
Shout out to all my new followers sorry I can't follow back reached max on following back
Thank U!!!
Nonetheless, we ourselves have been at fault for exposing each other through indiscretion & lapses in decorum.
Made some chia seed pudding with almond milk, coffee, stevia and banana slices. Really tasty, healthy and amazing super food for runners :)
We would love to be facebook friends. Hope you become our friend as well. www.facebook.com/NaughtonsAZ
good idea, find out what kids know first & then go into parent mode for nxt steps
NO! What a tragedy! My stupid library didn't tell me BLOOD RED ROAD was in, and now it's closed. And I'm leaving tomorrow! *yanks hair*
Witchey notes some curators have forced 50-word limit on their labels. Twitter wd sure be good practice for that!
yea and I have to live with her -_-
HAPPY BDAY MI AMOR!! I LOVE YOU !! :D
Boxers like you are what make boxing a joke. ALL BARK AND NO BITE!
Numerous inquiries on dates for the private screening of 'PRIVACY". Late August to late September appear 2b best guess estimate.
#FF continued! Check them out->
Some are #TeamJesus ... and Jesus is #TeamHumans ... Hallelujah!
Working the game. Keep me posted on the #Cats presser if you can.
This girl looks just like you. Well besides the face, hair, body and personality.
Aloha from Molokai!!! Happy Aloha Friday!!! Shaka!!!
Ok I have a final tomorrow, but what do I do instead...procrastinate.
How is everyone this afternoon?
10/13/2010 Seeking Balance in Product & Pricing Research Affiliate Marketing Overview
awesome! I will text you when I get home
Yup yup yup, what it do?
Writer Workshop tonight at Paragraphs. Bring a sample of your work to share, ask advice, or get ideas. Everyone is welcome to attend. 7pm
Morning estimated Leaders, to you, who represent Us,...... a beautiful day dawns... , ,
I from there but I live in Sleepy Hollow. Its like 25 mins. Away.
I wanna go to the summer Olympics in London. Maybe the Royal Family could save me a place in their VIP box
Reducing hours: Based on density/usage
Lesson of the day: don't say shit on Facebook that you wouldn't say to someone's face. You look dumb as fuck right now!
-- Lovely to meet you tonight!
Oh man, I think the Holidaze got the best of me. I forgot to tweet for two weeks! Have you stopped in to see our Furniture Clearance Sale?
and I got a whole bunch more. If you bring me some of what you make I'll continue to be your supplier!
oh most definitely!
can u catch them online?
A new dashboard for ZoomShift? Yea, we think it's about time for that too!
We're all looking for Love in someway or another
Yep I liked the Monkees and Davy Jones
Nothing that a cup of coffee can't fix or two!
If only there was a way I could combine my love of Doritos with my love of Tacos.......
very cool video!
Had to give up my jacket for an insulator to block the sound on the fire alarm.
what u on tonight ? My nicca
should be back around 4ish!
Q: How many writers does it take to change a light bulb? A: ...I have to CHANGGGEEE something?!!!!
Summer travel survey finds top destinations are in US - WGME
Lie so much
I thought wiz had some joint papers coming out??
Faith is to believe what you do not see; the reward of this faith is to see what you believe ~ Saint Augustine.
Where's my Justin Bieber tix?!?!
Is a 24 on the act bad for Wustl?
Working the morning shift at Stop by and get your ears dosed. [#ilm]
sounds ghetto
Overcome your fear. The only time you should have a partner is when he or she provides something you don't have.
hashtag is #umwfa12. Make that deadline!
That awkward moment when ur watching a movie with ur mom or dad and hardcore sexual jokes come up and hardcore nudity with a sex scene :/
2 #FF 's for now and they just got on twit. and follow them......
Retweet if you have the worlds best mom !!! #HAPPYMOTHERSDAY !
Sometimes it's ok to laugh at yourself man...
waking up tomorrow is gonna be SUCH a bitch
we might?
"To be surprised, to wonder, is to begin to understand." Jose Ortega y Gasset
Poor thing. She has the worst luck.
One down.....": Not until 2 Lakers get ejected RT : I think this is starting to sneak past mavs game 4 as the worst loss"
Easter Brunch anyone? 11-2 delivered by bike from the Co-op Cafe.
#imagine you're at a party with Harry Styles drinking and dirty dancing, your bum pressed against his boner.
OMG FRESH BATCH of LSD BUBBA, so sticky & potent, Indicas don't get stronger than THIS! From Downtown San Diego's DOPEST spot Bella Flora!
Im better without you and any other Guy focused on me and my family 100 percent
YOLO it's going to be a crazy year.
Love me some and Ms. Whoopi Goldberg!
#NF (I think that's right. Gotta get up on this twit ish too...)
it was our pleasure! Hopefully we see each other real soon!
Reinventing the wheel has never been so much fun, and never have there been prettier wheels!
slowly but surely figuring out how to use #Archivist Toolkit 2.0 software... lots to learn still, pass along any #tips if you use it!
Break from Tennis, football season has begun. Flight to Austin today TCU @ Baylor tonight and then LSU/Oregon in Dallas tomorrow.
when mike?
Good effort, good night.
Everyone please follow , and !!THEY ROCK;)<U+E214>
your first rule of #postseason certainly applied tonight!
We'll try and tweet some sounds of what we've been doing today.
Shid team captain honestlyRT : damn im on the fake team again
Good afternoon sir :)
Join us on April 2 for a special event at 8:00 for Avengers vs X-Men #1.We have both party covers.(There will be cake)(baring dropped cake)
your kitchen floor is concrete?
"Drink is the feast of reason and the flow of soul"° Alexander Pope
I'm sure billionaire moms like have the same economic struggles as Sally SoccerMom.
When your taking a nap and your dumb ass of a brother sprays you with water to get you up...
Kaykas-Wolff at Mindjet's response to my ?: "Prompt conversation w/ budget keepers on value for agile mktg via content needs."
Now that is funny !!
Excited for this #CIOpanel!
Thanks! And your's too!
Shooting at the University of Alabama kills 3. What is the world coming to???
When someone is trying to change their ways, the worst thing you can do is keep bringing up the past.
We're talking hoops, baseball, #NFL & born-out-of-wedlock children on the show. 888-640-9385 to chime in on these topics.
What’s the #spiciest food you have ever eaten?
so much to do in the next 24 hours!!!!!
I fly with the stars in the skies I'm no longer trine survive I believe that life is a prize But to love doesn't mean yur alive Don't worry
yeah, it was Ds only break till December. We grabbed it.
what took you so loing?
Goodbye #SCMS12 I can't believe I teach at 9 am tomorrow.
Most people would think January, but it is actually March.
RT Lets come together, show support & thank for taking a stand for #MarriageEquality today.
you would run away if I gave you one
too much brian eno tonight. time to switch it up.
Grover Norquist and David Cay Johnston on #realtime should be interesting. I hope stays out of the way
When people unfollow you for no reason<<<<<
thanks for sharing - a reminder that NOW is the best time to do it!
My lil bro got two goals or points whatever you call it for soccer , im proud of my baby lol
Watching RG3 highlights at halftime, I see that it IS still legal to throw and catch and score on offense. Quick, someone tell Mack.
RT : The collective fantasy football world just breathed a sigh of relief.
re:Apollo 13 landing and #spottheshuttle #Discovery. Man, it's a good day to be a space nut.
: dear The Cramps, you make me want to make out while listening to The Cramps. Thanks for that.
When a sad song comes out on the radio, I look out the window and act like I'm in a movie.
Saw the tape of the beating, and nearly became ill. How horrible for his family.
Officially finished #libraryschool! Newly minted #librarians of the word unite!
I write left handed. I throw right handed. I bat left handed. And I bowl right handed. Seriously.
come over then. <U+263A>
Great to meet you too! Big Omaha was a blast!
omg I'm crazy in love with that show 2 lol
congrats katy! :-)
i loved the video it was so funny in u looked so cute <3 lol
its been like that all week! I love it! I will be in Knoxville this coming up weekend. :)
What? How could anyone/anything hate you? x
i wld have never guessed that in just a year i would have met jordan 4 times and seen him in concert 3 times.
Thinking about going back to school for graphic design today...any good schools in Omaha?
has fallen down the rabbit hole of academic research... will come back up for air in a couple weeks.
#csa12 Geary: Recidivism rates are about being unable to fulfill the mandate of parole, which is impossible to survive without breaching it.
"Never lie to the girl of your life for the hoe of the night"
THIS SONG. OH GOOD.
If I don't find a new apartment by the end of the weekend, I'm just going to move into the next boxcar that passes me by.
#RT if u love your fans;) #Fans of Drake&Josh! you're awesome Josh Peck! :-D we live u!
there used to be "superfloppies" 120MB. I got to use those at a CO-OP job
gonna eat something good that we can't get here. Then she's gonna tell us about it.
New day, new attitude, new relationship status.....
il try to help
That is a powerful tweet, a real triumph! Perhaps the greatest tweet ever written!!!
Watching 21 Jump Street.
Baking and boxing more treats - getting ready for the Taking Action for the Animals Conference in July!
oh wait ! i need someone for nick !
nice haircut. WEEKEND
Man, Was Here Like She Own This Sht(: iLove My Fav! Go Follow Me Tho((: mention Me & ill Follow Back.
Lovely days~
I googled "chubby squirrel" and got a fat guinea pig... posers.
What time are you aiming at for your after-work ride? I might see if I can join you . Maybe get a bahn mi after?
Think I may have made a decision with my life. In a few months. Bye bye USA.
TONIGHT! The staged reading of DIARY OF BLACK MEN": "How Do You LOVE A Black Woman", at the HAYWORTH THEATER in LA 2511 Wilshire Blvd. 8pm!
Who has cool plans for New years?
he probably did the best version of the Hulk so far.
traveling to speak at American Health Care Assn conference in LA today. always a great group of friends there.
The photography rule of 100/1: You have to take 100 pictures just to get 1 halfway decent one. By that math, I should have at least 10...
Peace,peace.
I can't talk or swallow. #ilovewhen I get strep.
THANKS FOR THE SUPPORT!
-feeling like eating some nana right about now. Where at?!?
What happened to ? Somebody tell me.
and also to whompin.
No problem Brendon!
RT : Lmaoooo "But I need to fix her up a bit" < terrible smh lol
I'll surprise you.
Amazing! So excited! Will this all be online or in stores?
En route to LA for #iajgs - got to Phoenix 20 mins early, then sat in "traffic" on the taxiway for 30 mins... Go figure!
Cant wait to get off!! Chillin w/ the Boo's today, going to see Final Destination 5
Smoothest train to airport to rental car transition ever.
The next people that follow princessbarbi09 I will follow u back so re tweet this so I know who u are so I can follow u back
mad yuh sitting there looking like the flying monkey from the wizard of oz damn.
so true. And the TL I worked with had the exact same quote "toughest year" because of lack of dependable clerk support.
Twitter just suggested that I follow Britney Spears. Really? Looking at all my tweets and who I follow, you suggest Britney?!? Really?!?!?!
Orange jump suit too.
Web Design is just a fade for university programs? What do you think?
"I worried you joined cult." I love deroda
It's a beautiful day! Thank you, sunshine!
Jared Padalecki is trending. Oh yes.
Do you read any professional publications? How do you get informed?
Ben Greenberg is Hubble, debut LP coming soon. It's called Hubble Drums.
The person who says "let's agree to disagree" is weak and knows he's wrong.
A slimmer, multi-Grammied and harder to dump Adele might soon find herself with nothing to sing about.
Get reaDDy to Walk & Roll for American Cancer Society, Soldier Field. Our team's there sampling free iceDD coffee 9am - noon.
Wow. MT Confirmed: 6 people dead in #Oikos shooting. CM Larry Reid tells "It's just another sad day in my city."
What time is it where you live?
no I def did. Sorry. Mid Celtics game nap.
home I'm dome for the day.
top steak in the city
Rare Element Announces Revised and Improved Economic Results from Pre-Feasibility Study at Bear Lodge
Follow please :D
#RevolutionSaturdays Birthdays receive a Complimentary Champagne Bottle.
Where The Wild Things Are = Awesome. :)
word. Can't wait to hear it man.
Just got to our cabin from chena hot springs
"Drink a Bud Light?" Are you trying to double down the painfulness of the experience?
Long and busy week but all good now chilling' & unwinding (drinking H2o) listening to on 107.5
Gym is done! Now rehearsing and then my Meisner class tonight!
finishing my final project for my first grad school class and glad I made it!
#confession I watch every episode of the bachelor and bachelorette twice.
Flurries have been falling here in Oxford, MA for about half an hour. Kind of nice to enjoy it inside instead of live along the Pike! :-)
Amare, NYC will never forgive you! No matter the reason why...THAT SHIT WAS STUPID!
I keep missing the show. DON'T let me forget to tune in for in the finals!
beat me to it. Somewhere around 'Fly like a G6?'
I feel that way ;o
Thanks! Spread it to your friends :)
Laptop is in the midst of an OS overhaul. So can't play Dick Powell from there. 4 mins to figure this out...!
early morning workout?! I'm wide awake but could not do that right now lol
If you want people to unfollow you, just have a baby and tweet about it!
Who will win today?
: thanks for the mention!!
Thank you, Ms Shaunte!!
you are a poaching homeless man. - VD <3
That's exactly what i'm saying :) life jackets are obviously required for everyones safety haha
what, who are you?
K, just emailed u. Thx 4 taking a min to respond. The mag is DOPE btw! Very inspiring.
Can I pay the person who bleeps curse words on TV to follow me when I'm drunk and just bleep out 90% of the things I say?
On #CAE bus, dude just threw up outside and then got on. Amateur.
Static Demos, Cupcakes, and Hair Raising Photos! Sound like a birthday your kids may dig? Visit www.thebakken.org/birthdayparties.html!
I will check with to see what they say. I will be in touch.
Mrs. Price bit I gotta say I love caoch Watson the most oh and u said ur name was Anna.might it be Anna Marie Early
your yearbook pic is pretty
Arts Roundup: Dance, drama, recitals — and the Solaris Vocal Ensemble debuts
you got it from tumblr when I was with you ! dumb bitch
7hour shift today---exhausted!!
i had a drs appmnt so i just stayed home! And lmaooo.it was god how was yourss?!
Its that time of year again, who's giving me hot cross buns?! :-D
Hearing open to the public Tonite 7pm City Hall, Yonkers to Landmark PUBLIC BATH No. 3 on YONKERS AVENUE. Preserve it before its gone too!
What to do when you are waiting on co-workers? Find something else to do and then wait on someone else.
#the bachelor... Yes, Jenna, seriously
That's my take too. I think it will be the shortest series this round.
Twittersphere, please help with some #writing research: What's the most unusual job you've ever heard of; or ever done yourself?
SCRAP! WHERE ARE YA?????
Roksa: We need more and better information about kinds of collaboration student engaging in and what the results are
lol I had to do it
your bio says #CLASSY BITCH keepin it realllzz . . & youre sitting on sink . . .god help this generation .
"Most of us have jobs that are too small for our spirits.” ~Oral Historian & Broadcaster Studs Terkel b. 2day 1912
I miss kissin on you ... XWaitingpatiently for him too touchX ...
great season for y'all that welker drop hurt bad for y'all but atleast y'all beat my cowboys this season
damn all three of my cuzos is havin babies around the same time..
Shooting a TV Commercial 4 Acura, keep them coming, I'm blessed! Thank u God - Grabando un comercial para Acura, bendecida!
follow me im cool :-)
Please pray for my uncle Eric, he's having heart complications in the ER. Thanks y'all <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094> #
Confession: Every 2 weeks when I get a pay stub, NSYNC's "Just Got Paid" immediately & reflexively plays in my head. I can't control it.
love you too!!!
This Brunch Album is off the chain!!! Keep doing Denver pround
completed her food and exercise diary for 02/09/2012 and was under her calorie goal
would love to hear some of your music
I want a miracle to happen in this school so we all could leave early. I don't want to be in school at all.
UNITY DOW & EMILY CAIN: 2 distinguished women with rich, interesting lives share their stories. Today at noon, at Moot Court Room, USM Law
Sunday hangover equals sunday brunch before work.
I could not agree more.
yeah i need them too i wanna see these heat go home early cause i have no faith in the pacers right now
#Wecantdate because money can't buy you a personality.
At sf/clev game. Hope bumgarner has a better first inning than his last first. Plus, I don't own any Indians! Shutout!!!!
Michael mode: On..
That would work.
your dog just ran up the stairs& jumped on me.
#DontBeScared to be yourself. Who knows, people might like you better that way :)
Somewhere over the horizon, God is waiting for us
- I tried sending you a private message but since you are not "following" me, twitter would not send. Please contact me.
#firespaz Highlight of the season...either the Squirrel who scored a touchdown or the non-naked streaker.
Had such a great time at
Nice! I have a friend that's from Belarus! I can't help but to say nice things to a beautiful person like yourself! U R BEAUTIFUL!
HAHHAHHAHAHAHHAHAHAH that's embaressing. I made a new bep account to be someone else to befriend you again..
any other derby parties in DC on May 5th in addition to the $75 deal at the Round Robin ?
the death of one innocent is 1 too many don't get me wrong pls
Love to be outside in this weather all day!
hopefully alot stern i think hes going to be good but he has a past of injuries!
also, I'm expecting the next time I have sex there will be a white president.
People around here are just triflin as fuck.
Todays Daily Special Green Chile Cheese Burger Combo For Only $6.99. Come in and try one... It is Really Good!
Round up the usual suspects. CASABLANCA 1942
Haven't played call of duty in forever
Women's college bowling in espn. The best.
That's what you say now...!!
Really sorry to hear that, but thanks for letting me know. Can you follow back so I can DM?
The Elvis Impersonators Union has denounced holograms, saying that literally dozens of fake Elivses could cease to be marginally employed.
True, but I normally work with 4 other people around a big table in a room with glass walls. Sometimes, it's nice to be alone.
Last real week of school. Ever.
Being drunk for over a week straight. I wish I could be as cool as you are.
I bet she would pay for it herself and not expect the taxpayers to foot the bill
the promiscuous feeling of looking for a new rental house
tru dat.....i mean this has got to be the largest of last minute tributes ever
I am glad it didnt gross him out!!
I definitely loved watching u sing again on the voice last night!! Big things r to come for you!
By an order of magnitude the number one search term leading people to my blog is "liquor cabinet". Variations make up 5 of the top 10 terms.
Today in local history: In 1865, North Tonawanda officially became a village, then part of Town of Wheatfield.
aww tell Shannon I said hi (: & ur bro chatted me last night, it completed my life
RT Are you ready for a truly AH-mazing day?? Yup. absolutely!
: A note to our Packers players - Beat the hell out of da Bears. Show Cutler it was mistake to join the NFC North.
The great thing is I'll still get to visit ;) Thanks for the kindness!
Medications...sometimes they hurt us....
SueroViv yet? I still haven't so every time I see FedEx or UPS I wonder... could this be it?
Absolutely. I look forward to discussing your project.
haha ya she made him go backstage but he eventually came back out...he had a couple hickeys on his neck
Great game Boston!!! And they called you old!!! lol! Bring on the Lakeshow!
Building a horse to give to the Trojans and then fighting off Ottoman invaders. And making baklava.
I'm in. Love cravats. RT : I want to go to a ball from a Jane Austen novel. Time travel to the 18th Century anyone?
Haha thats true but wrestling is the real man's sport is what I was trying to say
Facebook just bought Instagram for $1 billion. Wow.
Haven't spent this much time on bridgey since the pre-toll days. Ooh hello osprey!
Thanks for the shout out!
First day of second semester... This should be fun lol
Start your Super Bowl Sunday off right! Eggs bacon hashbrowns toast and coffee, aka the #2 combo.
My pleasure. Happy to help out library consultants when I can.
after Man United choked away an 8-point lead, but only after City choked away their 8-point lead...
Oh My Gosh I can't wait. And again I fell bad for you since you really thought you we're getting "robbed''.
Did you ever want something more for someone than he wanted it for himself?
The wait to use the encyclopedia is much shorter than the 2 hour wait for a 1/2 hour comp session
Read a Twitter profile- "I Follow Back All that Follow Me! If u unfollow me I will unfollow" Should this b ur main focus?NO
“: She's cute and a vegetarian. ” thanks!!
Good luck and Godspeed to everyone running tomorrow's #BostonMarathon! Savor the moment, stay hydrated and beat the heat!
Weren't you talking about writing a Staal post awhile ago??...Did that ever happen or did I just miss it??...Or maybe I forgot..
I Listen To It EveryDaay!!!!!<3
Cousin looks at HR leaders "does Braun even have one?". Next Pitch "crack"
For DC Jazz events Follow Us, This Month Heidi Martin Live!
Finally dressed like 2 hours later.... o.o
Two things you dnt hide from ur wife, extra money and extra women
Congressman Norm Dicks introducing Sec. Vilsack
Wanted to say merry christmas to you that's all
thank you!!
Investigating containerized trees on a terrace for bud damage and branch growth- everything looks good despite this bipolar winter weather
Wolves are sleek, confident and alluring. Are you? We would love to show you with the reveal of our new line at our fashion show Feb. 28th
Dr. Michael Eric Dyson is the opening speaker.
my chat isn't working!
Cabin woods !!!
i like when him and sandy do karate
Teresa is on the show full time...she is a box of rocks with good makeup
DOE Sec Chu: Clean energy is not a political debate. It can simply be a cheaper form of energy.
BITCH I'LL BURN THIS MOTHER FUCKER TO THE GROUND NOW WHERE IS IT? Sir, calm down, your toy is under the McNuggets.
Break legs, kick ass, and have fun! #RABBITS Miss you tons.
If you are reserving , I am attending +1 ;)
#10RandomThingsAboutMe I never trip over stupid shit
Congrats on ya hard work
Only because seems able to draw just about ANYTHING.
half of all homes purchased over the past year were bought by first-time homebuyers, the highest level in at least 30 years
Toronto was great and I'm heading to Pasadena next year. First time in SoCal!
I have a coworker who's new to git and version control. Any recommended resources?
Happy Friday to you too.
Or the gym.
Thanks, Jess! RT : Our office is ordering lunch from today!
Try some Lemon Raspberry cake @ Firehook Bakery!! Yellow sponge cake filled w/lemon curd & fresh rasp w/lemon butter cream on top!
aw its raining
pinky promise(:
was that the star linebacker or that cat Lattimore from the Program. Dudes fricking INTENSE!
This sub is so mean. Fall on a hole
Who wanna chill tonight? I don't feel like spending 20 dollars to see this movie no more. That's half a gallon of gas. Lol
Not a woman, but I think you're right on the money. That aside, love your blog and keep it up!
go do some squats!
Awww! Hope all is well..: Note2Self: The struggles I face 2day are the price I pay for victory tomorrow.
Text "Bb11" to 99000 to hear about everything #Blackboard at
do it again tonight and report back tomorrow morning. i'll do the same.
Adam Lambert sang "Whole Lotta Love" by Zeppelin...You knocked it outta da box...YO!
yeah, that's ridiculous! why blocking? I was being blocked but e-mailed Andre and now I'm good
Yes, Austin is a BELIEBER. <U+2665>
follow me please!!<U+E056>
I don't think even Superman could clean up the latest oil spill
Heading home after a week in NY. Mpls here I come!
I always try to understand why some girls cut their self it doesn't make them stronger it makes them weaker...
Why not?
Merry Christmas to ALL and to ALL a good night!
Preppin for session power on
Esmé is throwing shade this morning.
what department?
Be selfish.others watste time.money.&thought
Another day, and another low, for the worst vendor a company could ever have the miserable opportunity to work with. *golf clap*
Who's got it better than the person that gets 4 NFC Championship game tickets from Jed??? Nobody!!! Go SF!!! Indy time!!!
ok really they passed a white guy for free stylin and it wasnt that good you can go to the streets and find someone way betta real shit
agreed. It kills me a little every time
Missing pT with
Does #pasteurization change the nutrition profile of milk?
Will Rhymes collapsed in the top of the 8th, so there was probably a lengthy delay.
evangeline haith think I'm fragrance and beauty :)
No kidding! RT : Dear running Gods, please duplicate this 50 degree morning in OKC on marathon day. Thank you.
people die everyday, he's not special
Oh la la, fake number, private, 3-way?
Guy next to me is mad Sedar held Ramirez at 3rd.. Then continued to complain about how conservative the #Brewers base running is...
They need to put snow tires & 4wheel drive on shopping carts in the north. I just made a fool of myself, seriously.
Aww, thank you! Wish we could, but we love the snow too much. ;) <3
about damn time...
Congrats! Let me know if I can help. MT Officially accepted to the University of Saint Francis. Now gotta make a big decision.
Crying would dilute the spilled milk a little, so there's that.
The #insane moment when lets some random hot dude lift me up to help me with my pull ups...#embarrassing!
I hope!
Some women don't know how to drive...
Huntelaar= my favorite at S04. And I haven't found you
the drugs don't work
2 weeks then school is over! time to work hard to bring my grades up! :)
Agree RT The death penalty is such a screwed up concept.
Auction action abounds at our place on Tuesdays.. Come on over to 4814 Hardware Drive NE, just off of San Mateo an Mccleod... Thanks!
lol yeah i had to look up tweet for dummies
shitty as usual lol what did you get into?
First boos i ve heard watchin the bucks this season.
Happy Mother's Day! Woohoo
We appreciate you!! :)
they're out to getcha... RT : There's 2 cops over in the next street circling one of the houses...what the hell is going on?
Does anyone use travel agents anymore? If so, I need one.
Happy Easter Everyone :)
Muhammad Ali brought boxing to another level and always made you laugh. Gerry Cooney
no I didn't change it why? Did someone change the password?
5....creatively trashy!
WTG! RT : Congratulations to all the J. Sargeant Reynolds Community College 2012 graduates today!
You too! I'm taking off at lunch for 18 holes at Wellshire - nice way to start the weekend!
that's SO nerdy! hahahaha. I'm excited to see what comes of it.
Everytime I look at my BG, I fall in love with it all over again! :D Thanks again so much to ! Love you <3 :]
Hunger = long-term damage to health = higher rates of premature death
I have bin playing Call of duty blackopps best game ever
hehe, maybe I'm romanticizing the memory more than I should. It's a fault of mine. :-p
Photoshop really is the best though. :) We've got tons of inexpensive tutorials. You can learn it quick! http:// goo.gl/X11YN
Hey man, VA is my neck of the woods originally, so I'd be proud to offer any insights. A must is John D. at Miller's in Cville.
Like a good neighbor state farm is there!... with a sandwich. Uhm are you kidding? With !!
Stressed out
Fabricio Oberto is the Blazers' new dirty enforcer.
Dent: What do we envision for a free Palestine? Will it reflect other 'democratic' nations' approaches to incarceration?
OMG JUST SAW THE LEGEND OF KORRA AND OMG #CHILDHOOD! AVATAR:THE LAST AIRBENDER WAS MY SHIT . I CAN'T SOKKA IS DEAD
Rose Bowl parade aint got nothing on Taiwanese nakashi floats. Happy year of the dragon, everyone bit.ly/viltPQ
I'm going to mingle with the unwashed masses.
Never take advantage of someones trust.
just started. I forgot how much I enjoy the term "throw the hammer down"
<3 all the new follows! Welcome everyone! Hope your Thanksgiving weekend was splendid!
Let's start "Fat" Tuesday by burning some!
Divergent stances on school aid - Asbury Park Press
Got called "a damn good libero" by the opponents coach this weekend, it's funny how one comment can put a lot of confidence in you
I gave it as homework to clients, but found that I integrated it into a daily mindset. Try to use it as an exercise often.
Mine went to Portland. It leaves one in a bit of a bind, doesn't it?
when people can tell when someone else loves you just by the way that person looks at you <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B>
holla @ me when u get a chance bro, I dont got the number
Positive words can put lots of money in a persons pocket!
. Students like me can’t afford to pay an extra $1,000 on my college loans. Please
shut it
The actions of two people and the blessing of God, put me here where i am today
2nd round to
my friend bday is may 15th she's ur biggest fan it would mean a lot if you could wish her a happy bday
thanks for following<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0087><U+00BA><f0><U+009F><U+0087><U+00B8>
I'm not a rap fan, but this is my new favorite guy: I'm going out to shovel snow and see if I can make me a few extra dollars today.
THIS JUST IN: We are open normal hours today and on Monday!
THE AVENGERS is the first comic book movie in ages that actually feels like a comic book.
I have not been outside all day today. Just trying to write music and network. Time for some dinner.
that call just now coulda went either way too
Excellent! Please let me know if I can ever help!
About to look for some places to crash at for the summer..
guys how do you get a twitition to go through to twitter? :S.
Its jus a one way chance of a dream G.I.G
Hi we are here just for the day... Visiting friends. Will be at for brunch tomorrow! So excited!
The best things in life aint things <3
Love how turico just mentioned korver having three blocks as if it ain't even a thang
You're welcome! Great advice :-)
Hope everyone had a great Christmas! Back to work Tuesday morning, bright and early!
Where is my google+ invite?! Get to it google.
opps.. Pumpkins are orange., I ment apple , :)
thank you for watching! Love you too! Can't wait to see you in a couple weeks (:
Sounds good, bro! Thanks.
Thanks! We will keep you in mind.
Yes, it's great for kids....and big kids.
"Genius is eternal patience." - Michelangelo
High property tax, high housing prices
#ThingsIHateOnFemales excessive make up. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
I wanna be sleepy af! :(
Thank you to our users for the tough love feedback. It helps us make better products!!
i'm gonna ley my mercedes benz sit in storage for a month or two until iget a better hold of my finances.its going to cost me at least $
Im young and im getting it.
I'm teasing. :)
well done... reminds me of great moments on melon collie & the infinite sadness, and others. "hitherto" resonates w/me most
I'll be the Romeo, you play the Juliet. The sun won't set, until you appear. Cause I know you're the one, my love, my love.
hey flea I'd like to promote silver lake on my new website 100% about music is there a way to talk to you about it?
Also learned on that there is a show called Mad Men. Perhaps should I try it? It's now on season 4
you know you did. #bestfriends #remember?
Trying to figure out Twitter and how to justify its use...
Remember...no matter how pretty they are, somewhere someone is tired of their shit.
Love Shabazz's intensity!
hahahahahaha we're so funny (:
hopes everyone had a great 4th of July!
Have you seen the New York Ripper?...almost time for The Los Angeles Ripper!
He came a long way from being that freshman who was afraid to shoot the last shot at 'Ole Miss.
Sciarrino is interesting; also kind of eccentric - has lapses of taste, like the dog-barking in 'Lohengrin', for ex.
that band bothers me so much
Great run in second 13.1 half. Broke 8 min mile avg.
If I told you that would be there then I would be lying. Or would I??? Yes I would be.
Love the rihanna/coldplay duet & segue to coldplay solo performance. Pretty.
Actually we do not! No phone tours right now, just QR codes. Everything else is simple paper brochures.
just saw Heavy D on the #grammys and couldn't help but remember your weird tribute to him... Odd that
Finally the truth LOL! RT : : If I end up missing ... after you call the cadaver dogs y'all go check out.
I'm always told to speak whats on my mind. & when i do, i get yelled at for what i said.
whore- wonderful humble or really entertaining ;)
Goddamn. I had practices this morning, then work, now my mom wants me to mow our big ass yard and do garden work
- LOL if ya think about it, I just tweeted it - so it's a new rumor ; )
if I could shoot with Max every month id be the happiest girl! So glad we finally made it happen - love the photos!
Yes. I'm mad. Ain't it obvious?
im gettin in on this twitter war
Get Down on the Farm at Frying Pan Park
Up late blogging about the importance of good health.. :)
hahaha oh Justin I feel it's the only way... I press snooze way too much!
I took my vitamins drank my protein and im headed to the gym for the first time in two years smh <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
“The difference between style and fashion is quality.” ~Giorgio Armani
Only from the heart Can you touch the sky. ~ Rumi
I have gotten to see more bands today then I did !
great session on communicating change & overall 1st day at #cls11 - see everyone at happy hour!
It just hurts when I move, lol!
Gorgeous day today!! Love a good beach day :)
#goal - science:A
dont get mad cause your voice is dumb
2nd reds game/ awesome time in Newport. Hell yeah!!!
I just woke up on the ground. Haha what the heck
Today is FREEFALL baltimore! Free admission all day! 10am-4pm
GET OUT OF TOWN!
Rapid reviews all night.
Can't believe I just slept 8 full hours. Wth?
Damn.. anybody got a dryer for sale?
Check out Mojo's World!!! :)
David Bowie's Earthling is such an underapreciated record!
My heart caves in when I look at you.
Why argue when you already know that you ain't gonna win ?!
Shit, man. I give up. I'm checking out of the
What a gorgeous #mothersday in #chicago. Taking the dudes to the lake to run off steam.
yeah that's a really bad scene. Sorry it turned out that way. Let me know if I can help.
Besek: looking at balancing needs of parties: practicalities of registries, who bears the burden of running a registry.
Good morning. 530 bright but not too early. Slept in.
Reminder: The weekly meeting is tonight at 7pm... if you want a tour of the space, come on down!
ha! Well we don't eat red meat or fast food anymore, but that taco really looks good. My fix for munchies is wasabi almonds.
let me know what happens with the job leads! good luck. :)
A dope trailer is no place for a kitty!!
Tweeting from my tablet using my phone as a mobile hotspot! Cray.
fine bye ill do fun summer things lol
Crap..“:RT Wilson has structural damage in elbow... Surgery a possibility, could be season ending #SFGiants”
O.M.G.. Motherhood is messy. Pour a glass of wine ;)
don't get any ideas about the trey ball. While you can shoot from deep, you need to be down on the block!
apparently you get thirty minutes to swipe back in so you can grab some goodies along the way or something..
Hey #Rams fans, fun fact: has his birthday 1 day before mine, well, not the same year, but I never knew that
PS. Cinnabon is now following me. Thanks, Macy Gray. But still no Microsoft.
Everyone seems to be in a mad mood today! Ahh!
Just a good ole day I must say!
Tattoo number two drawing in progress, just where to put it at is the real question?
no, why would he die?
...LAKERS DOWN...<Sad nite for Laker fans...taking a lotta ribbing from haters...WELL BE BAACK...
I definatley just bought the entire soundtrack to the muppet movie. I'm not even ashamed.
if you have the chance: go to the Salomon Guggenheim #nyc Museum! it's only 10$ due to construction of big 1960's metal statuary thru 6-6
I think Brendan Ryan shaving his moustache jinxed him..
Fucking with the bitches to get them MAD , thats just what i do .
The convo's done once you respond my text with " K " .
Ridiculousness & Money From Strangers, solid night
Hello LA----Where will the wind blow--- FRISCO or WEHO?
RT : Mobile broadband devices are great for on the go productivity solutions without WiFi access
We think its time to start planning another Project Captured Party. What do you all think? Who wants to dance?
Know your music standards. "Cissy Strut" was originally recorded by The Meters. Another LMS favorite "Watermelon Man" was written by Herbie
World Peace back for Game 7 after suspension
You're the man.
. Not intended as an attack--but as an honest appraisal of the position Obama is in.
I'm gonna fart in YO MOUTH
RT : It's unfortunate that those who CAN get married, often do not see/understand its purpose or benefits.
#FCPX MultiCam just blew PluralEyes out of the water
Jesus paid the highest price. For love you might give many gifts, but to give your life is the highest price. Jesus did that for you.
I'm really sad to see Game On get canceled so soon, the interviews you were able to get were amazing
You need Elfa from the container store
Going to see Richard Lewis at Club tonight! :)
Gettin my throat scoped this morning. Praying that there's nothing more than we think.
who is this guy? You dont see that every day
excited to see EL Sens & others on sen floor saying NO budget that's bad for wmn. Stop the
Outstanding! Welcome to Twitter Barb!
q1 bribery with chocolate and booze
We tried to avoid transfer to FCP 7 & stay in X, but app didn't work w/ Logic; Also entire source audio with 89 min project = big OMF
#ThingsIReallyCantStand when i'm on my computer and ppl feel the need to stand behind me.
Gonna buy a new HDTV. Any recs?
Some bulls fans are really just drose fans..shut up, u don't know basketball
The Popped! Republic team has been slaving away in the #popcorn kitchen this weekend. Get ready DC!
lucky you .... its 45F and rainy here :[
Just cant wait to carry out the moves for this summer wit my girls etc......
breakfast and dinner!
#WelcomeHome1D Keep tweeting
I can't wait until I can move. I am so freaking sick of it here.
Out on bail, fresh outta jail, California dreamin. Soon as I step on the scene, I'm hearing hoochies screamin!
You go Mike Pomeranz with Kare 11. Enjoy San Diego.
Get through it!
Christmas lights switch-on at Radlett house to raise money for charity - Borehamwood Times Christmas lights switch-on at Radlett house to
hey thanks for the follow :) have you checked out our music? ;)
so glad you had a great time at the Halloween Hustle! Thanks for your help!
You don't think, you trust the instinct.
Lets go Bulls!!!
Love you profile Pic
Is anyone up at this time?
I heard your show went great last night. Congrats
sure thing! see you in a bit!
so which channel is it on?
thanks Dez! Hope you enjoy my feed and music :)
Ordering a pizza because YOLO. Nah, but seriously...we have no food.
hey nice work today, brilliantly done!
Judging from my red eyes, I've been doing either of the following all night; editing photos & video or hanging with Kesey's ghost.
I like 's thingy today.
Hi Tommy - are you in Seattle on 8/20?
thank you.
“: If I don't write to empty my mind, I go mad. ~Lord Byron” And Fill it.
likely heading to New Orleans. Would be great to catch up again.
where are you staying? I am at the hyatt
Happening to me. Happening to all of us everywhere.
Will do! Thanks!
i need u to follow back jo
Woot! RT : Just been having a look around (v2) for the first time - ooh now that I could get VERY used to!
overheard in the children's library this morning: "Ole MacDonald ate a pig e eye e eye ohh"
Congrats to on her day of accomplishment. I can only imagine the outfit today...
My new fb info is
Rocked my audition! Now headed to watch the #UVa game with some fellow 'Hoos. Please let us beat Wm & Mary (aka "Bill & the Bitch").
only if I can be the gm ;) but I think TO can still be a 3 WR it's not different than signing another aging WR
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter I though it was stupid,
I HATE Bein In Da Crib Alone & All Boredd !
A-Z of independent artists today from 3-5. finishing the F's going through H. check it out.
TUNE INTO LOWERLEVELRADIO.COM TO LISTEN TO RESIDENT DJ, DJ LAZER ONE HALF OF 2IN10'S ON GROOVE THEORY MIXING RIGHT NOW
I know it took a really nasty turn lol
Sequel is so good
Thanks for your message. Let's help our people really heal
Silly me. Why keep the name of the shop to myself? Let's share it with the world.
omg. Extra cheese.
Nice. RT : I just touched the 's original copies of the Pentagon Papers.
where's that venting profile you keep talking about? I could really use it right now
I guess almost passing out in the shower this morning was how I wanna start my week off! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AA>
Thanks for the retweets! Love all your articles and #foodallergy outreach. You are awesome :)
Hey and Do you have any sugar-free cupcakes?
Pumped about #Fleurdelicious -- Louisville Restaurant Week! So many yummy places to check out! :)
thanks for choosing our restaurant for your Friday lunch! Have a good weekend!
On the roof of Euler!
Mars trines the Sun tomorrow. Big energetic lift off. You start to clear up move aggressively forward in areas ruled by Virgo/Aries
yeah pretty much. And I had one to connect with people and hopefully endorse myself. Haha. Or geta. Gig somehow.
Chris Brown on the VMAs? Does MTV condone his actions? How is this guy a role model for young children?
he has work, but i'll definitely hit you upp
I was thinking the same thing, except for the marquette game. go mu!
go wash ur mouth with soap young lady LOL
A healthy mouth can promote a healthy body! For fresh breath + great health, take a look: www.closys.com/research.html
Big day at the Javits, and not just because is arriving. Ok, ok, maybe just because is arriving :)
You can't have everything, where would you put it? -- Steven Wright
Trying to take my mom's advice and pray and leave this is God's hands but its so hard but those 10 words cut and hurt me so deep.
Just saw this man sorry. Frank is on Texas so go Horns!
keep ur worries out of sight...u still deserve the sweetest dream .....good night... :) <3
Getting ready for Mom U workshops! Emily Franklin in Galerie 3. Car Care in Motor Lobby
Thanks for sharing info on National Men Make a Difference Day 10-8-12.
At the #dnote in olde town arvada tonight. Time for a great fundraiser. Come on down
Its weird how many people I follow or follow me that I dont actually speak to
why was I about to tweet the same thing!
Who said you had to please everyone anyway?
u got the number right
The weekend goes by fast, every time. Enjoying the rest of this lazy Sunday. Hope everyone else is too!
I want more!
I just read that tweet put up and realized swagg means swagger I really need to sleep smh....
one of the best moments in that show!
Angels nurture us into fuller expression of Divine Love. Breathe in loving, healing energy, exhale joy to others. Ah!
I sent u a tweet sayin I never got your email! :( plz send to
Spring Fling $250 Event #1 A + B Final today! Play resumes at 12pm. 59 Players are left. Average Chip Stack is 73,763.
Super Bowl preparation continues after a fun brunch (read: mimosa) diversion! The count down is on!
As for movies, how about "Metropolis" and "Modern Times" for dystopian pics?
thanks. How is the training going??
those were the good ol days. lol wait till u get that pig!! haha
I will my love ;)
Opryland doesn't believe in toilet seat covers...my butt cheeks are offended!
Yeah lol we like the warped tour infact our other guitarists older brothers band we are the in crowd is playing it
no bluff make it happen.
Job Post: We are looking for a social media intern to help us on a part-time basis. Foodies and bloggers preferred.. DM if interested!
Yabba dabba delicious! “: Fruity Pebbles are so dang good.... #guiltypleasure”
If you love someone never be ashamed to show it! Be committed, let it shine !
haha. Yes. Heady days.
SUICIDE BOMBER TRAINING: "Pay attention, because I'm only going to show you this once."
Delicious breakfast!!
S/O For her niceness n sexiiness.........
CAN U REALLY BEAT IT UP????
#everytwittertimeline has that one person who is a spam page.
man i wish i was u! i started the trending and im not gunna b able to tweet wen it trends!! lol
more in luv now. Was 2 afraid 6 mos. ago. Armed w/ resources--confidence growing/still a tadpole aspiring to frogdom.
Mellow and merry day with my folks. Off to dinner very soon, bring on the good eats & wine!!
Sudoku at 1:45AM ? I have such an adventurous life.
Joshua Drabek, alleged victims step brother, stands mute so judge enters not guilty plea
whose the new Shaver principal?
Girls rugby: Canby beat Newberg 45-31 Saturday in state qtrfinals. Now 1 win away from 6th state final app. in 6 years as varsity program.
We are currently conducting interviews for fEASTival 2012 interns. What question do you think we should ask? :)
You will be just fine, stay beautiful!
Just submitted a scene 4 this cycle, looking forward to feedback from last cycle and this 1 ;-) Hopefully I'll B part of BP
don't worry about the dinosaurs...Tree of Life is splendid.
Watch tomorrow 4pm MT/6 pm ET Ransom.tv
Join for River Rhythms tonite in Pere Marquette Park. And remember only 2 more days of #DiningWkMke!
“: when i text you that means i miss you, when i dont text that just means im waiting for you to miss me. but you wont”
He's also helping his dad with various affairs and dealing w/some estate stuff all there, so... yeah.
Is this thing on?
Yep. My fears realized.
Bud Selig one of them?
Schools front and center for houston hoops vs jackson, nc state, arizona, memphis ,
Might post our new song tonight! :D
so tired of this bs, gonna wait till' it's 8 & go to sleep <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>
New season, new attitude. Check yours and if it needs refreshing, now's the time.
Alright ladies... Who knows the miracle cure to get rid of dark under-eyes?
do you ever eat breakfast?
No one else in my band has a reference to our band name in their twitter name...so...here ya go, world..
the more shit you try in life, the more likely you are to find something you really like doing
At magic kingdom <3
RT : when a woman loves a man deeply. That shit is intense and its not something that we as men should take for granted.
today was warm
Tonight is the First Pre Season Bucs Game.. Come by for $6 Liters and $5 Jager all night.
The temptation to rip the keys of my laptop and clean the underneath is killing me:(
Inspiring, heartfelt, humorous, nostalgic!! What a great #Oscars night. Congrats to all the nominees, and major congrats to all the winners.
Soon enough you'll be running 13 miles!
And bringing this up yesterday gave me the pleasure of the impeccable comic timing of describing his Tommy experience.
just fuckin wit you, its Kool, eventually youll see it.?
How annoying is this girl on ? Wow!
grandma, that is so sad. was the party last night fun? i'm sorry i missed it
------> “: Just saw a white guy with a septum piercing walk by wearing a shirt that says "We're all African."”
Another change is the collars, except GB's again. Teams have what looks like a screen printed pattern for the front of collar
#RandomThought Rookie of the Year was a bangin movie.
Was just 10 feet from an accident. Holy freaking God.
Making my #snca12 poster today. For the poster session on Friday morning. Probably should have planned ahead a bit more.
nice work making 6 months! I love that we are becoming a big healthy family <3
Anyone know stores where they sell Christmas cards where profits go to non-profits?
Bout check out again headache ):
no amount of money, power, fame or beauty can compete! Mother Nature alone stands to reign without question!
Catching up with The family! I love them!! Puerto Ricans are the best type of ppl to have as family!! Ah I love my life <3
Tragedy strikes - I just broke a full bottle of wine
I was at work. I'm done what I doin?
24 is still super young, kind of put it into perspective how young it really is when i ready the Oden grantland article
NAUGHTY NAUGHTY LINGERIE IS NOW AT SACHE! IF YOU STILL HAVEN'T GOTTEN YOUR LADY SOMETHING NICE FOR CHRISTMAS GO FOR SOMETHING NAUGHTY!
Note to presenters at conferences: introduce yourself. More than likely I don't know who you are. Introductions help validate your opinions.
Just ask yourself who would stalk me on to a coll campus and openly recruit students and staff to harassed
Isn't he just a baby? LOL
Also see for twitter coverage of postmemory lecture!
You know it! 440ishRT : Do we have a meeting on LL2 this afternoon ?
Ima give my kids the world, they won't want for shit
We love having at #Workspring! Such a cool group of people doing some really #innovative things!
Wait… on purpose?
maybe I just have a need to make physical contact with my babies...every parent is different. or is that her baby?
yayy so fun... im in too!
harsh comments
Larry David is on Conan! That guy is the greatest writer. Another person I have to meet. Funny.
Thank you for following Suburban Cowboys! Hope to be back in Minneapolis soon!
saw "american teacher". its good. the mix needs a little work & music a little much at times. mandatory viewing for non-teachers!
Happy Monday everybody! RT some of the things your preparing to do next week for Thanksgiving!
have a great year can you follow our card store
Thrilled to take part in the artwork donation with such inspiring honorees
Is this the newest form of "Tebowing?" (#TimTebow @
hell yeah..VEGAS BABY!!!!
I'm tired af ready to leave but I have two hours til I go
Did not miss sitting on crowded buses while on vacation in WI..
I keep saying I shouldn't have procrastinated, yet I'm still on twitter.
15 minutes left! RT To vote for the #Milwaukee99 People's choice award text the piece number to 22333! Voting ends at 7:30.
Sorry for my absence... Side project is all said & done! Back to the blog.
I'm getting senile...can't remember the last thing I tweeted, lol.
Sis zany really just follow you? Lol
God allows our lights to shine... Are you using your light for His sake? For his kingdom? Or just for your own agenda?
Dan Rather: Tremendous bi-partisan effort to pass Voting Rights Act and other milestone civil rights acts.
'cuz libertarians are driving the conversation RT Why should libertarians ally themselves with conservatives?
Did he get the message?
pour me a cup dammit....
two syllabi down, two to go...
MISHIBU THE RIDDIM QUEEN WICKED...SHE PLAYING TUNES www.e2onair.com
cool, thanks!
Words carry weight...speak love
New Study: No alcohol intake safe during #pregnancy. Via USA Today
It's easy to spend over a hundred dollars for a costume and accessories if you buy one brand new
Thank's You To :)
Just rolled up to Sea World for this installment of Daddy Day Care wknd...can't decide if I need a beer or a coffee.
already following you :)
oh yeah, I'll see you at 5:30
Kevin Love continues to validate his career with another ridiculous game tonight.
#Bucks are on the rise and my #bracket is about to start its decline.
Everyone in our school has afterschool activities. Mine is going home.
let me know when you need one. I have em all :D
Toni Collette is freaking brilliant! Why didn't I know this sooner??
No one needs ur negative shit, fall back
Irrespective of the direction of the wind, the smoke from the cigarette will always tend to go to the non-smoker
": Last night last night last night..... Is all I can say lol...." elaborate lol jk what's going on tonio
Its better to luv to to be without sumtimes;)
Sublime time at the match yesterday. 2012 Rapids slogan should be "Scarfs Up!"
come get some of dis Madden 12 work nigga. I'm inna game now LOL
Headed to #SundayParkways If you see a Portland Boat Tours shirt there, say Hi and you'll win one of your own!
To whoever gave me this virus: I hope your balls/tits shrivel up and you become fat with many cats. K. Bye.
unique art pieces, music, etc. Its an all-day event, if you're interested...
Why do u have trouble sleeping? U know why I do.
order to active money owed that had been joined in an
If u guy follow she will follow u guys back serious
Wildlife illustrator & state treasure, Bill Zimmerman passes He illustrated “The Birds of Indiana” and many other books. He will be missed.
that looks soo sad haha, but i heard it was great..
I have been in such a pissy mood today. Probably cause I'm so stressed out right now. I just wanna focus on my birthday this week, not work.
anyone tweeting from the games going on tonight across our great nation??
The winter slows me down so much
en route to vet for routine vaccinations, Cat was unhappy until I turned on the radio. What was playing? Mystery Train sung by Elvis Presley
Off to a dinner party. Will catch the rest of the WH Correspondents dinner later on TiVo. Lovely warm nite in the City of Angels.
wuts gud bra up been straight
hahah come over whenever were about to drink some wine lol
just discovered your site and am using it to make my office love/hate me.
LOL... Tell me about it.
better than 'i saw the sign'? ;-)
I call to buy tickets for the concert and they tell me it may not happen...is N Fla oblivious to good jazz? smh..love
it is Cx
not actually in Phoenix but in the Gilbert: FiveGuys or Joe's American Grill
looking good. Keep it up girlfriend
btw: I have been to brunch at the restaurant before, it is worth it!
Good luck sophomores taking whap tomorrow
Thanks, everyone, for all the birthday wishes. Very chill but good day.
Good morning! How are you? Bertie doing OK? i've been thinking about putting my Diesel Rabbit back out on the road.
I do my thing and you do yours. I am not in this world to live up to your expectations, and you are not in this world to live up to mine.
why just 1 song?
thanks for the #FF! We hope you had a great weekend. :)
~__+_. G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
I hate shoveling snow, my neighbors are always done when I step outside
School is such a drag.
funny how ppl flow in n out ur life. Hardest thing is 2 know when a relationship is done. Bury or burn it don't the past let it linger
I will travel to Israel in the spring & work w/ Israeli leaders to strengthen bond between NJ & Israel /// that's great!
A mistake is only a mistake if you don't learn from it. If you do, it becomes wisdom
with free business enablement software on the web. Talkbiznow.com and many others doing our part!
And now the point where I think too much about people who aren't thinking about me starts, and all I want is sleep.
Mike's white pizza, calzone, boutique beers, sports pub on walsingham irb sleek flat screens&decor Fab!
Breathe. BREATHE, MAN.
Completely underrated: A good, shampoo-bowl scalp massage.
whats the plan tonight?!
ooh that looks awesome! Thanks!
thanks for the shout out!!! Have great weekend! #ComeBlendWithUs !!
There must be a Lid or something on the hoop for the Celtics! Cuz nothingg is goinn down for them!
Wonderful to see you there. : great reading last night! Can't wait to read the whole collection now! :)
Britt from Spoon is up next on the Breakfast Show!
a spray water bottle is a great way to get them to stop using your porch.
I come home may 12 and leave the 26 for germany for the summer
The Braves got out of a very tight bases juiced situation..
#wearenotcoolbecause you stopped getting on twitter.
To mean more than what one says or to say more than one means is not the question.
Tickets to Lil Wayne LIVE coming up before 5 o'clock LISTEN FOR PAULY's CUE TO CALL!
Karl, I've got exiting and innovative .NET openings in Chicago Area. Would you mind helping me. Good referral bonus guaranteed.
We'll have to see what Pete has in mind! RT The creative revolution is here. It's time to reinvent this country.
got you with the syracuse game lol But they will be playing teams that can put up 70 points to and have a better D
Thank you for teaching and helping me to move forward will all things Social Media.
It's 29 degrees just outside of
you are one of the few that totally understand that tweet and agreed. C2C FTW!
Diana helped me more than anyone else has. They mean so much to me. Forever Family!
preparing for College Art Association in Los Angeles. George Helfand will be in the Luna Imaging booth.
Dinner in the city tonight (y)
...We tease him"Dude that girl last night was like 300 pounds!!" and he's like "Bro, more like 265 and a pisces."
I'm sorry! That sucks. Maybe you see him in Florida. Go to Miami if your staying long.
Much <3 Paul :) What u do and the things you are standing up for is beyond amazing! Love ya :D
well ur doing a wonderful job. It's gr8 to hear ur lovely voice in the morning again.
Chilling at panda with the ishkabiblians!!!
Make It Nasty
Nancy Grace, Devil In Disguise!!!!
you are my favorite actor
Kobe is better than LeBron
was up man? need visual work? #tweetback or email me
just started. Please come!!!
but there are cells!
Does wearing musk make me getting old or just kicking it Old School. Discuss.
The Charlotte Douglas International Airport has dozens of rocking chairs in the terminal- clever and practical southern charm.
Had a great show tonight!
#supportlocalmusic random mix of local and mainstream. stop by requests welcome.
#WeWontWorkOut if you don't have a nice ass
It's cute that you think everyone is jealous of you. We actually just don't like you.
I keep forgetting to get on here! What's everybody up too!?
Horror Films.... a good way to "protect" your girlfriend... how about you?
Digital Media is available of Floor speeches via CSPAN including transcripts
I expected to be blessed with your artistry on The Pansophy Project w/Niki Gee my audience will no longer be denied!! Love
or criticize him, but I guess thinks changed now-a-days.
aw ok then cuz he was like he need us 2ma
Busy is definitely good :) we are on fire today!
that's what I was just thinking
No man will be a sailor who has contrivance enough to get himself into jail for being in a ship is being in a jail, with the cha
I never even met her and seeing her makes me do the same thing! :-)
yea ill be there.
Typical jaguar. All staring, no caring
H.P.Chomley (1912): The quack of the Middle Ages was in every way similar to his brother of the present day...
You don't need 2 buy books but u do need to come say hello. I want to talk to you about something anyway!
Mine too!
It might have to be more like breakfast - busy day in Titletown.
It would be nice if Kobe would just once in his career not look at the ref for a call after EVERY shot
I'm in my 8th month and so over being pregnant! I'm ready to see my baby now...we need to get this show on the roll!
Ice loves coco <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>, I wish my marriage can be like Ice & coco<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A><U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0093><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
Well then maybe we all know you're a hoe now #asianproblems <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><U+2764>
Good night for my wife to be sleeping. Remote getting a work out tonight with all the hoops on TV. #BasketballRules!
Huntsman: Immigration debate should not be used to vilify and demonize
yeah i think he will. And i mean at the very end it kinda showed the 4 ppl that the guy had kids with from other towns
yup yup lol
NEW ARMISTICE SONG!!!! www.listn.to/ArmisticeMaine
Nails are done. Now I'm just waiting to go to my hair appointment at one! <U+E409><U+E409><U+E409>
I love how the loudest voices wanting #LibertyandJusticeforAll are the quickest to say GET OUT if you dont practice it their way
The Bucks face the Phoenix Suns here at the Bradley Center tonight at 8 p.m. ET. Will you be watching the game?
of course! We are big fans (and a fellow Arkansan in NYC)!
Facebook has become the newest television channel. "likes" are similar to Nielsen ratings during a "sweeps week."
I'll f'n retweet that! #sconnievictories Playboy's #1 party school & Men's Health #1 most educated city in the country.
i want this day to be over with already
"gratitude and thank you is something that's escaping us in our electronic lives"
It's about to go down.
My brother talkin about he wanna Ferrari .. -_____- get yo big !
that's what "Awesomeness" is all about! We have a great team!
BUZZ is realistic contemporary fiction set in S Texas - bullying, romance and all the other elements lead to a tense ride you will enjoy
That is a definite no-no that will come back to bite them.
#SecretTurnOn Kissingg My Neck OMG im #HOT now
I don't want anyone else to have your heart, kiss your lips, be in your arms, and to be loved by you. I don't want anyone to take my place.
#seattle to #Renton , these local beers are amazing but are killing me!
YOU'RE RAD!
The Falcons nads have never been as big as they've believed.
Someone teach and I how to line dance. #Puhhleaseee<3
.... Your using that joint?
This school year is gonna suck -_-
just talked to about you and the show. She said great things about you... my question, are they true?! ;)
I've never killed a cat before but I swear I'll do it. I'm so angry.
Guys it's not official, they said they're working on it. But maybe I'd we get #1DChicagoSigning trending, we could deff get one :)
that's one of those areas were brides really need to trust the advice of those helping them!
Through the fog, racing the crap weather, I bet I beat the hail & tornados to Nashville...
SMFH @ myself for just discovering the 360
It is very weird that someone is not answering the phone when u called or not answering any texts when you text. It's hard to trust you.
Information being gained from America's Youngest Outcasts 2010 by The Nat. Center on Family #Homelessness is invaluable.
School all day, shoot me
Ugh. No sleep at all last night. My afternoon seminar should be interesting.
So I called her 4 times and txted n no txted back....wow
And unhappy people like to stay in other peoples business causing drama!
HA! nah. jk i did
Eight wonderful days in SF, but yes and absolutely: I'm ready for you
Santos Perdidos live Friday Mach 16th!! don't miss it.
Thanks for the RT! You're awesome!
thanks Good Fun!!!!
Red card for Joey Barton!
HR Eric Sogard. Sogard looks like your 4th grade teacher and hits like... okay its still only Spring Training.
Whoa! Pretty cool.
Winter is coming
This AWP panel proposal is off to a gd start: "Poetry is a way of being in the world. But it’s also a way of talking smack about the world."
Bartolo Colon is so less of a threat now that he's not on the Angels and this isn't the 2005 ALCS.
hope the weeks been well, any plans for the weekend?
ah l'Hopitals rule...couldn't remember it if I had to
When your in the middle of a conversation and they don't reply.
Catching up on music this morning. Pretty happy about new Apparat, jj songs; glad to hear a Josh T. Pearson album; still don't get Bon Iver.
only 30 minutes left!! WHO IS READY?!?
If you not making money at all times of the day you wasting ya time 24/7 state of mind
#OkUPrettyBut been arrested?
Yes! Great show! Emily and Amanda are CRAZZY! Two more weeks!
. streams will be offline for several minutes while we install an important upgrade. Thanks for your patience.
You Rock Jeph Jacques!
its okaayy! omg was awesome i hope they bring him back on the show!
I dont!!! RT : Why does everyone hate foamposite's?
Trying to go to the #Sixers game tomorrow! RT If you wanna go!
WorldEconomy360 thanks for following me on Twitter!
i may have taught you everything you know, but i haven't taught you everything i know ;-)
ha I just got their email about it - def wanna see that show!
Here here! Yes!! Ive got it n writing!! ;) MT : Ur the best part of our Thursday!
nothing much. Just sitting around the house with Phil. wbu? *hugs back*
Hey #jets read the whole contract next time before making a trade.
and her style is unique! :) how u doing luv?
You're in my change presentation (304 @ 10:30) when say admin should "Not just talk the talk, but walk the walk" :-)
The Process Toolbox really helped me gain some ground and get sorted. Thanks Simon. :)
You get yours I'll get mine
for sure!
Waiting for the #Buckeyes offense to show up
have a safe trip! xoxo ~ Mom ;)
Rock of Ages.. A broadway play and 80s rock music.. #whatcouldbebetter?
ya we r definetly going lol :)
Hey, if the big publishers would publish great books instead of marketable books, maybe this wouldn't happen.
thats what i thought my friend said it wasnt lol
Love you, too. Yeah, those are going away. :) Also, congrats on your BoB! We couldn't agree with City Paper more.
Huge thanks to everyone who came out to the launch party last night! Do we know how to host a bash or what?
The DPS 8th Grade Career Fair was a huge success! I loved telling everyone why I love being a librarian and about all that the library has!
Leaving North Paulding HS...have a great prom and I appreciate the opportunity to speak at NPHS
just downloaded Black Radio cd from iTunes...a must buy!!!...limited time at $6.99
The purple blazer looks beautiful on you! Nice choice!
This US history book heavy af
That same self-serving attitude (damn the public good & Constitutional intent) is the heart of the SOPA/PIPA issue.
About to indulge myself in a little Halo time. It's been a while since I've played this...
Alexa Blair I love you! Hope your'e having fun in London town :)
okk read the picture i tweeted in my last tweet and it gives all the details:)
Whether you're contacting customers with promo materials or sending out a bill, using #digitalservices is something you should consider!
Never let me go
second day back to #bikram ...all my progress is gone! Ha.
This Mavs game is fucking painful!!!
I just fed my dog tortilla chips since I ran out of his food this morning. At least they were organic?
Would like to thank for playing Red Right Ankle tonight. Much appreciated.
omg i wish! I would love to be there! Hahaha my uncle used to live there
I love Damien!
everybody's so weird
My grandma is making birria<3
Hard to believe graduation will be here in no time
what's the weather?
this has happened to me before. try to talk to him about it and let him know that your confused. he'll probably then tell u
Love her! Can't wait to see! If we do get to see:) RT Where is Meryl Streep?
Actually going to practice tomorrow.
hello long weekend !
Sing it HeMo!
I think you'll like it. Of course some things are still unresolved, but that's what season 2 is for. :-)
aw, that's why you're my inspiration <21
Great night at the event. So inspiring. Thanks for getting me involved!
Drum concert for the younger sib.
#irallstars Billings: library partnered with vice provost of research to offer researchers help with their NSF-mandated data mgmt plans.
That just hurted so bad
At first I was excited about this supposed #slutwalk but then I saw that parade of whales. I think I'm gay now, thanks assholes.
hahahhaha mother of god, sounds like that will be an interesting class
About to play laser tag with 6 little kid omg pray for me!
You are so sweet! He is so adorably nice and a total blast. Great night for a great cause!
(cont) "and begin tabulating all the forms of plot used in Victorian novels as if they were a literary counterpart to the human genome"
yes! Come to me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
I get way more embarrassed when I hear "Too Close" by Next today than I did when I was 12.
Good morning! Happy Humpday
Up next our very own sparkly sequin takes the stage! Come on down!
Man caint get back to sleep fuck it at least it's a nice day out
watching youtube videos she's hilarious
bitch dont mind me, shake your hiney!.
I am a brand new teacher & gave my students a group project to do without instructing them how to work as a group and..
it does too!
You should be at my house right now
Psyched to with today. First day with new client. Leaders in customer experience management.
Everyone just do whatever the hell they want. (what I say when I'm at a low point)
Not a good idea to start working on Pizza content right before lunch. Especially when I have a not so yummy lunch waiting for me....
We'll have Patricia Rockwell's third Essie Cobb senior #sleuth #mystery out next month. VALENTINED. Essie has a secret admirer.
Looking for refs and pop culture of all "brows" ex. for my summer class on race, gender, class in US. I usually do global stuff--any help?
FW Yates paying a visit to #occupyportland, gearing up for a labor march at 5pm pacific time.
drunks RT : Ever fallen asleep on the toilet? Who does this?
the Carousel of Progress I meant....lol....still, creepy Christmas
warmer up north than it is in FL! Nice
What kind of mam exposed the Bengal cheerleader for sleeping with a lucky 17 year old kid?
Cooked a snack in the toaster Saturday. Found it today. The boys' Suessical the Musical is tonight!! Scott can't go :(
Cool sources for info on #engineers #changingtheworld via #innovation Know of others?
seems like we need a way to /find/ collaborations -- no one knows what others are doing out there in
Find a vision and believe!
the only correlation between Barca and "gross" is how sick that goal was
Time flew by! Didn't think it hit 10 already, haha.
yeah /: but if you want ask her!
does that mean you could get me discounts?! I love their burgers :p
true the performances was just low but caitlyn and mitchell, marko and melanie killed it on the stage! Love them both!
Mine or Pauls, :)
We are so over this dreary weather! Looking forward to a hopefully sunny weekend... Almost there!
too late.
now i know why new kids never sit at our table....they're not brave enough....
How I read it: #Israel threatening #Egypt's military with losing free American aid because it needs Egyptian gas. Am I wrong?
All of you were poised professionals and did a terrific job last night. Thank you!
Anybody need a webbie ticket? I have an extra one!!
i see you bruh nice
we miss you too!
Doe that! Lol RT : If she has never "Blown into a Nintendo Cartridge to fix it", She is too young for you.
Thank you! See you today? Text me in advance, if possible!
Huge party tonight with Jet Set "First Class" contact for guest list and table reservations at 503 484 5959.
Craft concerns me to no end. Thankfully Lamb and Miller can handle the ball on the perimeter, but Teague vs Craft...
Boy I want YOU
Maybe try changing the password to your email address. Maybe they have access to that and are able to retrieve the new twit one
praying for my nephew in Heaven.
hope you had a great time with us!
I miss you too kiddo. You're never around, you always making bank.
#ASCRS2011 Foundation collects donations for Japanese tsunami victims. Donations at Booth 1023 at meeting or online www.ASCRSFoundation.org.
Tuckboi into video bout to go down venrose
Bye bye <U+672C><U+7530><U+6280><U+7814>. You and your dealer fail me.
#News, studying #abroad, #culture... What would you ask the spokesman of the French Embassy? Get your answers TODAY, 430-5pm
YES! A Carnegie Mellon reference on 1560! (Bob - PhD, 1988)
I would support that 100 percent.
Holla at me! I got beats you might appreciate.
yeah, #illiad12 attendees are trying to speak for their co-workers and patrons to do the most good. :)
How does a team of professionals have such a low basketball IQ?
Anytime! Travel safely. Next time: Windy City! RT : For sure! Thanks for inviting us out!
hmm what happened to the summit?
Let's do some more collaborating...since we're both headed in the same direction!
Im Loyal To Those Who Loyal 2 Me I Cant Fuck Wit Fake People
Thank you for following Juliann Do you have your songs recorded ? Copyright ? If you need advise.
okay first of all i'm not a bro second of all shut up i could care less about your moving picture!
For those coming to Madison on 9/30 - use #UWEBCconf for the conference. Send other hash tags my way and we'll publicize them.
can't overlook the honorable mentions
Everybody been askn me were i been ?
When I see cupcakes and my 1st thought is heaving them at ur face, it's game on, because you've come between ME and cupcakes.
just say I am going to the back room ... Always works
Why do I have Paul Simon's "Call Me Al" stuck in my head?
NO I'M NOT YOU ARE
I'm confused, In the 60s, when we racially integrated the schools in the south, was the president declaring war on education?
if u love God RT this but if u think its a waste of space HEY! Keep scrolling!
Foster the People and The Fray playlist for sleep>>>
Content is our future
Thanks for the follow Allen!
Have mo' Mohave? Don't mind if we do... Vegas was a hallucination only the desert can destroy. Feels like home.
Have fun at your party!
What brand airbrush foundation do you use in your Iwata?
lifted, shifted higher then the ceiling
Late night jamming to since sleep doesn't seem to be an option at the moment
OLD SCHOOL!
RT : Gdansk Lech Walesa Airport Terminal 2 Prepares for EURO 2012 Crowds; ARINC Providing Passenger Check-In Technology http:// ...
#SMTips: Open a savings account. Many Americans don’t put enough savings away for the rainy day. Do you have enough to live on for 6-12mo?
Opening session at
Currently figuring how to make my own magnetic sports standings board that I can change every season, hang in the office & update daily.
what do you mean
was it always that high or did it get adjusted after announcement of iPhone
SHUT UP BUNGHOLE >.<
no worries. Yeah Boxing Rings are so different from wrestling rings too.
nice! And if I were to eliminate 99% of my tweets, I wouldn't bother to check which ones were even people's favorites ;)
...meaning, they can marry whomever they choose. I hope Obama's support leads to greater acceptance and legalization of same-sex marriages.
Go Heat.
Should I keep my 7 hair style with yellow rat_tail or cut it off hmm .....
I watched your show today and I don't know if it is much to ask but could you please follow me!
I would rather pass my math test than get flowers today
I think you can handle what ever comes your way. xo
Funny stuff. RT : How did January Jones end up in a Ed Harris movie? Or, how did Ed Harris end up in a January Jones movie?
I already have a solid farmer's tan
This shout out is for my new follower
Happy 40th Birthday Hard Rock! Thank you for all the great years!
Bitches be friendly!
Marketing Edge: Google AdWords allows paid inclusion in the top search results & can be an effective approach to marketing your website.
Careful with the sarcasm, or else you just might looks my stick my fist up your...
..."will" order it from you...
The ultimate measure of a man is not where he stands in moments of comfort and convenience but where he stands at times of controversy
RT : What a weekend to be in NYC! Clear your schedules for & #ReturnToTerroir events
Crossing fingers & toes & stuff
Loyalty is the pledge of truth to oneself and others serving the ones who fight alongside you watching your back when you need it most
Finely out for treatment for the day a going back tommow for my god dam depression
I will do u live there now??
RT : RT : There's free Wifi in the convention center today.
probably not.
u still in the bluff
At work listening to Buzz, talking about Fugazi, and The Rude Boy came up. Wondering how long he was on the air.
oh your coming south huh
thank you! hope all is well!
we're getting married <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D> lol
#Karma iz A Ugly Bitch!!
Who is in between Sully and Rudy? Allen Reisner?
Great initiative on "know before you owe" for student loans
Tomorrow night in Metry!!
I still get so much joy from watching #scooba clean my kitchen floor!
Got a great night sleep last night & woke up ready to go. But yes kinda early. :-)
Hey Lance, I was curious how accurate the calories burned were on livestrong.com It seems to be a much greater # than others
I broke down and ordered an electric juicer yesterday. This squeezing 10-20 limes at a time with a citrus press is taking its toll on me.
New booklet offers 10 Tips to Make Your Newsworthy. Click Free Downloads on our website
I really really really really REALLY dont want the rangers to go to the stanley cup neither does daddy #likefatherlikedaughter I guess
My milkshake brings all the boys to the yard..
"Don't ever lose hope. Even when it gets dark, the stars come out"
You get Italian bread in subway, its all about hearty Italian dude! ;)
haha it must be.
Fashion (turn to the left)
No, certainly an untapped niche, that needs tapping. RT : Does anyone know of any iPad apps for conservators?
July 1965, Bob Moog's diss advisor calls him 9pm, says "Moog, whatever is not on my desk by 10am tomorrow is not going in your thesis"
It is really satisfying to find that thing that smells bad in the kitchen.
Good job!!
Way too excited to be hanging out in PJs watching Lord of the Rings 2 tonight
Im so Square bidness I gave this hoe a nigga & I wanna give ha sum up to date cloths
Super! Where's the 'like' button on this thingie?
yeah I go but not as much as I used to. I gots a membership.
o wow... You have to take classes all summer to drive? That sucks, we basically had to do the same thing, its called...
I hate to see u leave.
No Yankee like a dead one, esp. in the hands of in #DamnYankeesBook. "I'm going to be buried in pinstripes," they said & were.
You attending this spartan beat down tom ??
thanks Gear!!!!!! And what's ur Skype I like talking on Skype
#DailyQuote: "I think I could live with animals, they are so placid and self-contained, I stand & look at them long & long." - Walt Whitman
“: “: "I did that once! I only had one beer,& then somehow I lost all my money!"- ” LOL.” roofies
I rather fight for what I think is danger than to wait n it be to late.
I'm really not ready.
Da money in muzik iz really not in bein a Artist its in producin a very small percentage of artists make any BIG money producerz a dif story
so ya fuck school i dont want to go back
@ #kidscreen - people have Harley tattoos. It's a corporate logo; no one has Procter & Gamble tattoo. Make emotional contact.
Yes in about 12 hours I have written a full journal length article.
I know you can, I know you can, I know you can!
Acting up, thanks for following
At The Zone Team Store located on the first level near the ticket line when you walk in through the BCA main doors.
welcome to !
Okay US Directioners! The boys Dare To Dream book will be released on May 22!-Kelly
Ha...yes, it certainly does.
Listen to #prettyprogressive on-the-go! Download "Live 365" on your iPhone or Droid, search "UCTC radio" & stream live tomorrow at 11 CST!
"Just for shits and giggles" is a curious phrase. I get the giggles part, but why is shit involved? Maybe it's a german phrase.
my original wording way was almost the same as yours, but I couldn't resist the middleman joke.
Just getting started on Twitter, great things are coming your way!!!!! Keep your eyes on us!!
Look Mayweather will whoop Manny's ass. So shut up
So excited for SNL I can't control myself.
sweet- we'll get you next week along with one of your pics as our cover pic in Dances from the Heart! Woohoo!
I miss u to!
one does not simply acquire the correct snack without kicking the snack machine.
Hungover boyfriends make for good entertainment.
Voted for Best Gut Wrenching Scene for 2012 MTV Movie Awards!
Good morning, good morning good morning. North Carolina says forget yall gay people, now what r yall gonno do about it.
Like Smokin Good BBQ, Share our page with your friends. Have a great day!!!
Huh. Sure enough. does look like the archduke Franz Ferdinand.
went by the exit for your hometown and started to cry... :(
- ha! good to know. can i put that in my column?
zuckerberg's gf is in med school and worked with pediatric transplant patient's. FB is trying to encourage ppl to register.
I know its after hours but What i just did, i did yesterday & i just made a Stupid Sack<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0>
Thank You!! RT“: Those are pretty cool! RT : 11:11 Make A Wish”
Hi friends :) & I might be reaching out to you via email for my Entrepreneurship class
RT : Kicking it at a Starbucks waiting for my homies to get here for the game.
Our Office Album Of The Day: Massive Attack-Blue Lines
Thanks! We're at it already....RT : [Brian Blade] Fellowship is a big inspiration to me, good luck in the studio!
No problem man!
Very sad indeed:(
Content covered is not content learned
Well. Tonight brought me back...
No alarm clock. First time in 7 days. Sleeping in.
Have you ever worked on a Habitat for Humanity Project? If so where and what was your job when you worked?
yep. zip em' up and send them over!
“: Whip It Out , Show Them Hoes Yo Bankroll $$$$ .”
well this has been the best easter! NOT my moms in the hospital):
I start reading Joshua Cohen's Witz, and my roommates start singing Hava Nagila while playing Super Smash Bros. in the other room.
I have a HUGE project that I'm gonna be showing off at the Wasabi Japanese Steakhouse 4/21 at 7! Come on out...this is gonna be HUGE!!!
#Twi2012 best and brightest are 'checking out' and refusing to participate in choosing their governments
:) yes! Shots on us! Cause we love our followers! #youespecially lol.
Book + lake + hammock + beer = bliss. It's simple arithmetic.
biggest issues I see are RAM and battery life. 4GB doesn't run many modern Windows VMs. HP envy ultra has 8GB tho
OH: I'M SO SICK OF BIRDS!
lol rite my bad but stfu dani I got u tomorrow
Those follows came quick! Congrats to for winning the Greinke bobble/I Hart MKE poster. Keep following for more prizes & news.
BAHAHAHAHA, I totes know who you're talking about <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Does this mean you'll be at Decorex. Please come seek us out! Larry & Michel
Jay, you forgot the "no homo" in ur tweet to
Time to change that password! LoL
Oh hell yeah. RT : You will scream #BeatTheShitzOutOfLA for me on Thursday.okay!
Twitter Fam im so lonely can i count on ya'll for love :/
How many Pink Pandas does it take to assemble IKEA furniture? Apparently all of us.
You're welcome! Glad you enjoyed the photo.
tell him I said hi!! Miss him. Was thinking about him the other day
Glad Remy is healthy, but I still don't like him in the booth
#backin94 you stole your moms credit card to re-buy AOL after she cancelled it.
Had a dream that this ugly hag was attacking me and Bobby flay came to my rescue.
“: The only thing predictable about life is its unpredictability. –Remy (Ratatouille)” FAVORITE FILM.
Do not have SEX with partners in your acting class! It is your safe haven!
Hey thanks for the link! Appreciate it!
About to bet someone in 'number pushups. Yep. havin' a push up-off. I bet I could do 50
“: LMMFAO RT : #RHOA is NeNe insinuating that Sheree is big? She looks like a bodybuilding transvestite”
Sad to hear that one of our dealer's bike shops has closed. Thank you Edina Bike & Sport in MN for your past support of the Buddy Bike.
The chocolaty goodness weighed in at 5,050 lbs and was made by a fudge factory in Canada in 2007.
done that in China. I prefer a car. Gives me more freedom.
lmao well they fucked up the rotation on this flyer
We're all about eating sushi for charity! Bring your extra canned foods to our diner for donation this Friday and get 10% off your bill!
If you are looking for inspirational tweets for writers, look no further than
Woo-hoo! 1 more day to tell why you & a friend deserve free tix to our 4/13 #LivingSocial popup. You've got until 8 pm tonight!
is probably moving back to California
Thank you, Dee.
-DOCTOR- Do you have sex? - PATIENT- Yes every weekday. -DOCTOR- Take out Wednesday. -PATIENT- I can't that's the only night I'm home.
if I never enter a waffle house again...my life will be a happy one
So I just, uh... I just cut them up like regular chickens?
15 pounds of candy? That should do! :) So glad you can join us tomorrow! cc: We will miss you !
I fuckin hate this sheer leggings crap. Dont nobody wanna see ur lumpy ass and underwear, witcho ten dollar weave lol
HOW DARE YOU NOT BE TOLERANT OF MY INTOLERANCE? lol good one, buddy,
Is it Friday yet?
so true. The right flooring can get you GREAT ROI / added value - we talk about this with our customers a lot actually.
That awkward moment when you are getting a physical and she is checking your balls and you run your hands through her hair....BOSS
i'm havin a hell of a time watchin criminal minds, come make my day
RT : In Dallas for #ALAMW12? Come to booth 2039 Saturday from 10-11 am for Bloody Marys & mimosas, courtesy of Springer!
love you boys! This is just the fucking begining!
She gettin all my attention.. #nuff said
Grateful for getting into and sticking with good habits.
keep me sprung, keep me runnin back to you
": We don't resort to violence, we on resorts & islands" no mo resorts 4 u says your p.o....lol
#Thefeelingiget when he does his best to make me smile
Having the Klout score built into Seesmic is pretty cool. I have a higher score than you do.
Got some interesting pointers on metadata from our distributor. Yes, that's "interesting" & "metadata" in same sentence. Thx also
If that dude had hit a game-winning home run after that, he's not human
yup there's totally no taste to them!
#10ThingsThatAnnoyMe when my ass crack itches in public!
We'll have the practices developed by the Ed Innovators on the website really soon. The Fall ones are already there.
Just give up and use SunOS!
I hope the roads are ok.
you make it way too easy for the Packer nation to dislike you. And we like everyone... Except you
I NEED TO CALM DOWN AND STOP THINKING ABOUT CRYING. OMG.
Read an f sharp book. It's good for you!
I wonder if he went after all?
A coinkydink indeed! Tweeting half-blind is better than doin it after 4 beers-Only ur typing skills impaired, not ur judgment
Hopefully they really settle down espeially in the early minutes of the 1st half. Critical moments.
: i heard same reaction when #Dubya won in 2000...and 2004. Who woulda thought #DragRace and #Dubya could be in the same tweet?
What a game!
Thank you!
Boosting Upward Internet Visitors Using Advertising and marketing Optimization Technique
Thank YOU as always David!
ooh! pretty! it's a really nice day here too :)
I miss ms noel :(
hahaha...did that really happen?...me and your sister had no clue what you were talking about...
aah, right-o. Thanks. Have a good one!
like 8 or 9 but then I'm going to a party afterwards
oh man this kid. Have you eatin lately lol
You guys know you can get a free shrimp app, a good chance at winning a $50 gas card and possibly a free vacay at Goldfish or
yeah I love the fantasy factory
Cute. I've heard that they don't last long. It that true?
#BOSTON and #Philadelphia is going to be a good #Playoffs series ... we got #JodieMeeks for 76ers and #Rondo for #Celtics #BBN in
Truth: Poor (adjective) -- when you have too much month at the end of your money.
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE FOLLOW ME BACK :DD <U+2665> U SO MUCHH !
Only a "fairy" would believe the national news coverage is PRO Obama! You are quite delusioned...**Pro Repub News outlets**
Good chance my new music video will be on Youtube TONIGHT. I'm digging it! It's very different than any of my others. Pumped!
Thanks Nancy! Just glad it's up and running...
I didn't really like them...
I can't believe that it's been 14 years since Seinfeld finished... now I just feel old, thanks mate.
Much better Sean. THATS how you tell Nauji good morning :)
I got mine at Whole Foods, nuthin special, and it's been great RT : in need of a new yoga mat - any recommendations?
we need to hang out soon, I miss jingles haha
Relistening to your Monroe Avalanche hockey broadcast.
I'm pretty sure the goal is to take fewer notes with each run...
There's a man with an eye patch cutting up ginger. How the fuck am I supposed to be focused in here?
The weather is AMAZING in Portland today!
you need to know the facts of the bank corporate history and the act of 1933 ...US congress is on foreign soil. Take US Back.
happy hump day dub! Xoxo
Okay, I've been on #Mint.com for about 15 minutes and its sweet.
thanks for the RT
CLEANING NABOKOV'S HOUSE arrived! I can now listen to a book whilst in dreadful pain. I cannot wait to give it a try.
Integrated form into our launch site today. Integrating and will be launching a new site shortly.
Did you hear #JoshHamilton's 4 home run calls from last night? You will if you turn on SportsRadio !!! 2 minutes!
Ozzie: Gino allows us to have a guy that can be a guard and a center.
Wonderful birthday.. I hope my wish comes true :)
We hope everyone's having a gorgeous Sunday! Enjoy this day with your family!
Channeled my anger issues into a can of Pringles this afternoon. Darn it! Chips are gone and I now see that it was made with Olestra... :(
Don't forget that Dr Christ Genius from TSTMRKT will be thowing down old chi-town wax at the artifice on Aug 2nd! 11:30 pm!
"Pockets touching" - how to say that a girl has no butt.
Love Supportland. I've tried all sorts of new places just because they were part of the network.
Should hear Yo Excuse Me Miss !!
In college my motto was "I'm eating healthy…so I can drink more". Hm. cc:
See you tonight! RT : Hope to see u there! RT : Friday: Glenmorangie Scotch Hour @ The Mandarin Oriental | Miami
"The Inner Light." Guts me. Every time.
I want to hear those songs! We need to play together soon!
define uber fancy.
I grew up in Marin...can't believe that article!!!
Absolutely. Call Holiday Tours @ 274-5749. They will be able to take care of you.
thanks for the mentions
Thank you, Matt! Very honored to be alongside "The Ceiling," a story I really love.
$10 for $20 of Upscale American Bar Fare and Drinks at Nob Hill Bar
if your in chicago check me out @ the us beer company 1801 n. clybourn. Lil Wayne will be here so gert your butt in the place
boy like blushy face is in effect RT Well I WAS eating healthy.............then I met some fried dough from
Chapter 2012 Page 45 of 366 I'm loving my life and all those I'm blessed to share it with.
who wants to attend a Red Bull RBMA event at the Stage in the Design District. RSVP for guestlist....starts at 10pm dont be late again.....l
officially giving up drinking
My bad morning was put into perspective after hearing about the CT work place shooting in the town neighboring my hometown. Very sad!
Ima put my children on game , I mean look at our generation i can't even imagine what's the next about to be like.
How about a defense to go with those jerseys?
Tommy Pickles for President 2028!
Where is there a dunkin donuts??
"OUR SIDE". Usually ppl say an advocate is fighting for our rights, not our side.
MT Petrilli: Digital learning isn't a/b little policy fixes. Gotta include funding, governance, accountability
Step brothers and pizza? Sounds good to me
in this case I had to settle for a Staples pencil and a sheet of standard quality paper. But close enough. :-)
#NP Put it on me. I <3 Ja Rule
Mhm im in the christmas mood time to get under the mistletoe out..!
Dont get the Browns. Steiny & JT were solid tandem RT : National Football Post: Browns are going to release Eric Steinbach
Music and work for the rest of the night...it shall be a long one again
Boomgarden sat out East and Verona's conference match due to shoulder soreness but, like Rodgers, was undefeated in conference play.
": addicted 2 watching reruns of my so called life" me too...It's an obsession that I've renewed!!
The eLearning Guild conferences are great
If U are feeling down, put on some Pat Metheny- U will feel better- guaranteed!
Should have checked with #Homewood Police prior to dark.
I give it up to all of those who wake up before 7 on a daily basis.
im a lebron fan and i agree with everything you just said. he gotta step up. now!
Pleased a late evening of grading coincides with a late Phillies game.
Wtf “: Someone on WIP just said the #Phillies should trade for Brett Myers. #smdh #foh”
And screw you, ab-only, even more, for miseducation with billions of tax dollars while I have to re-educate ppl with only (taxable) pennies.
Teach enthusiastic consent instead. As a man raped by a woman, I don't need to be taught not to rape women. I was raped.
Okay every time you post these gems from I think Fullerton, CA (down the st.) and get excited. lol :(
Thank you High Beam Events and #SXSW for the great bookings this year. Having a great week.
great question Austin I would suggest calling the recruiting coaches with those questions 877-845-6272.
dear awkward freshman girl sitting next to me in the student lounge, Please stop talking about your fucking boyfriend.
Guess he went to slp on me :-\
that is fantastic!
you ain't bout that life!
thank u sis. Happy mother's day to u too
At the airport, stuck behind the lovers in the longest security line ever.
Ever the fatalist.
Our attitude towards others determines their attitude towards us. -E. Nightingale
Lovely day for a videoshoot. If you're in the burg, come find us! (via )
good luck
most overused word of the week... "poachable"
We have euchre leagues on Tuesday and Wednesdays! Check our site for info!
So if your poor your screwed, I can go to the pharmacy and get 130 vikadon for 10.00, but 60 for an 8th, come on its stupid, if its ilegal
Just another beautiful day on the gulf coast of Florida.
I DO!
he's so talented!
follow back? :)
i love when people play with my hair !(:
Dont need makeup to let people know im beatiful
#graysanatomy Really? The singing docs need to focus on medicine. This is not
Band practice today, show tomorrow. You should be there.
Great #leadership is this: instead of taking control and creating followers give control and create leaders.
we aint losin......plus we got each other dawg no homo, i got chur back tho
Did you ace the final that you slept through half of lol?
I never drink water because of the disgusting things that fish do in it.
Why do I throw myself into every sit where I must defend
just a little #goodnightt <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
well ya know occasionally she can be nice
I wish DD was the Superbowl halftime show.
FYI you can purchase your own skeleton for the low low cost of 1000! Then we can dress it and name it and make it dance!
I just don't understand it
Argues that al-Obeidy (in the video) illustrates positioned potential. She knows the hotel is where she can find journalists, goes there.
Thats what I went with, though happily I wasn't up long to watch it.
Thanks for the follow, Fellow NoVa'er!
Before we all get too busy with the hustle and bustle of the season: Happy Holidays to you & yours from the Cool Math Guy team!
time to go sell cookies for girl scouts -_-
Here comes the lovefest! : interviews Treasury Sec Tim Geithner
love the new hairdo! Can't wait to hear what u think of #handsonahardbody!
NO. We don't.....Just kidding Yes we do! :D
Hey coco member me its MARINA
Thank you! I'll be sorry when we outgrow the cozy board room. I really don't want people to think of it as a lecture series.
When they GRAB YOU "Dont Panic"
Lmao,word!...but they don't know that
Wish he was here to attend our graduation !!
so you saw was he as gorgeous in person as e is in pictures?
They must be having "technical difficulties".
Thank you so much! Blessings!
Hey Peter, Really enjoyed your shows at WinterJam this past year. Keep it up. God Bless You!
omg the bachelor omg
Follow me punk!!
I still love the croc wearing, dong texting, gunslinger.
Okay, let’s nail this down once and for all: What is the exact definition of a Hipster?
Why are they playing the theme from "Schindler's List" at my brother's graduation? This cannot be good.
will do!
Wait....did I miss something? Is it your birthday today?!?!?
We're all here and it's begun! Today holds orientation, rehearsals and a night on the town! "Menopause The Musical" here we come!
I'd love to hear "Young Homie" by on #mrchrisrene. Pls play it :)
That's not so bad... Try being a #RedSox fan RT A-Rod is 0-for-17 this year against left-handed pitching. How can that be?
Left my phone in my apron pocket at work. Sweet. And we closed early today so I can't even go get it. Even better.
That was going to be my challenge...! Thanks Victoria--I'll be posting "Robert's Choice" this afternoon.
Up Since 3am
Hope will be at Rock the Bells.
I'm great thanks Fruity :) How is your day going? What did you do?
Anybody know what W32/agent2.dbd.Trojan might be?
Shaun heyy I'm sorry bout gettin my phone taken but I'm on fb for a bit so Message me if it isn't too late:)
Anyone going to any cool shows tonight??
awesome! love the assortment!
I want to actually notice me one day, an hopefully get him to follow me too.<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
//I'd like to introduce you to "Yammer" this week. It'll help decrease emails & increase collaboration for work.
God creates all things through the divine Word and Wisdom that became incarnate in Yeshua. - Dr. Mark Kinzer
#OneThingYouShouldntDo Request a Linked-in Connection without actually calling the person first, or at least writing a short intro note
WATCH THE BEHIND THE SCENES OF YG , NIPSEY HUSSLE MOTTO LA REMIX FILMED BY #HANDFULOFMONEYFILMS RT !!”
Somehow got thrown in the mix. We know how this goes...
Sorry, overlooked your tweet, thanks for the mccue shout out!
is making the end of our day AWESOME! Thanks for the tunes fellas!
1 week from right now ill be about 3 beers into Derby
Is someone getting the best the best the best the best of you? That's right - eating brunch next to
Merry Christmas, Kevlar! :)
Someone tried to use my debit card to book a flight around China. At least they're trying to go to some cool places!
My lil brother is not even following me wtf i cant stand that lil bitch
can i get a coupon code plz? About to order one of those badass pete rose shirts!
Booty Wurk contest for cash Friday@ Los Cucos in Wharton tx.#Ass everywhere#
#ThingsThatINeed SOMEONE TO TALK TO RIGHT NOW
All checked in for my flight to Orlando!
still looking?
That was an awesome movie. Under the right conditions, my street looks almost identical to the outside scenes in that movie.
Hey,whuts up?
You ride the same brainwaves ; #FF each other!
Well hello 43. You don't seem so bad
follow me back please(: <3
I shall keep loving guys with accents. And guys who say "You're beautiful" in a foreign language. ~My atracttive best friend, Ellisha.
Sorry I haven't tweeted in two days. I'm kind of in a mid crisis state of mind....
Tomorrow is one of two Friday's left on the Italian Steak sandwich. We will be launching our spring sandwich special on the 23rd.
I chickened out and cancelled my appointment this morning
is my new hero! just got a tweet from
wondering how to make good use of this twitter thing. Why does anyone care what I'm doing?
Ready for making off "Music Timeline". webisode no.1 !!! STOKED
yup hold on
Today: Early-to-Intermediate Dry AMD Eyes Measured by L-Cone Dark Adaptation Assessments (D843) from 8:30-10:15AM. ARVO
1st decade of 21st century is a celebration of democracy. Youth activated in 2008 campaign, Tea Party re-ignites boomer and immigrant voters
RT Yep....still hurts. (me too, but I'm smiling with memories galore!)
So lets build something better!
Fantastic lunch at Cremini mushroom soup & salad w pears, blue cheese & dried cherries. And wood-fired s'more
I keep seeing tweets about #GameofThrones and read them as #GamelofThrones. Is it opening day yet? #Brewers Summer is coming!
that's why you don't sell gear, you simply add to the collection!
Thank you Jesus. Getting a perm today
don't tweet me tuff shit come get at me my nigga im out chere errday!
can we give a shot out for #DiaDeLasMadres (Mother's Day) cuz in #Mexico it's today, for all them beautiful Latinas
- right on Chad! #Medeco Biaxial angles get their name from the letters beFORE & AFTer the Original L, R, & C angles
Dyahear? Registration for Thurs night league is open. Thanks for your patience, ballers. www.gokickball.com/columbus
Ill check as soon as I get to the station. RT : aye did you get that package I sent you?
We held an exhibit of poems & photos by local artist Ebony Walden. Plus, we hosted a poetry workshop for at-risk youth.
I wish I didn't like you like I do. It hurts knowing you don't feel the same.
Who knew? Ha! Time change! RT : Haha. I tweeted that like 14 hours ago :P It's already evening here now. Haha
Rob Jeter and the Panthers call timeout. They have the ball up one, 2:55 left. 46-45
thanks for thinking of me Cry. I will keep you posted for sure.
Took a bottle of vodka with me to class this morning. Because clearly I need to advertise how "hard" I "go".
Thanks for all of your help!
I don't think we could all afford what it'd cost to pay for him to go away.
I got that drank in my cup
I'm listening to all your songs<3
": Philadelphia has the worst fans in all of sports. You're really going to applaud an injury?" Ppl in Philly are Neanderthals
My philosophy of life is that I can die at any moment. The tragedy of my life is that I don't.
Max payne 3 need 2 hurry up and save me from boredom
Females are smarter than you think , but they juss play dumb wen it comes to niggas
I know your a busy man, but a little rock and roll trivia perhaps? Who is 1st American band to be on the cover of Time magazine?
Aww,you think lunch with me is amazing? Oh wait, you mean SXSW. Do you and want to chat near the end of the week?
Hey tweeps. It's me. New year, new alias, new beginning. Dj MiGGL will be phased out, it's al god.
My baguette doesn't fit in my backpack and my pants are covered in flour... I love Saturdays!!
's "what doesn't kill you.." video is the greatest thing to work out to. I want to learn the dance!
Up early. I need to thank Keylo for the fresh pair of Puma Clydes. Lacing them up halfway for today. Baseball anyone?
Watching old school Tron...
Looking for some account services/management online resources (newsletters, blogs, etc.) Any recommendations?
I finally know how you feel. Omg, no. Are you coming Saturday though?
that would be fun!!:)
#solongvampires that shit was funny as hell
Took the cat to the vet. All seems well. I guess he just pukes every day because he finds us cleaning it up HILARIOUS. Can't blame him.
God bless Harmon Killebrew & his family. The great Hall of Famer ends his battle w/Cancer & entering hospice.
on the way to Claddagh's for Club Med seminar.
so far my most helpful resource has been more knowledgeable friends over IM. They are good to have.
Fav assignment is 's "library ethnography"--students document service usage. Could be used for any orientation
omg u do hahahha that is so funny
chop yours off & give it to me. :):)
Happy Cinco de Mayo everyone....whats ur plans for celebrating today Portland?
it is?
Jack is sharing about the selection process at Auschwitz, where his family was separated. He and his father were there for 4 weeks.
Lol. It was funny. :P
Who needs tickets to our first Vegas show! Selling fast! Only 8 bucks. Gonna be an amazing xpoz event!
thanks for the follow! :) how are you ?
Great Wolf Lodge tomorrow kids are pumped!!
A Termite walked into a pub and asked, "Where's the bar tender?"
We're looking at the second weekend in November for the 2nd annual festival--mark your calendars and start your engines!
I cannot wait to see your face! I'm going to jump on it! :)
Are you invisible in the academic life of your students?
Thanks! RT : Thanks Rich!! You rock!
Congrats to Rosena Hill on the final perf of Tin Pan Alley Rag today. Looking forward to rehearsals starting Tuesday!
Wet snow is slowly starting to stick in some areas of town. Steady moisture seems likely for next few hours. Oh boy.
that moment was just awkward af. .
BIRTHDAY IN ONE DAY
"I'll be enjoying a lovely, all-expenses-paid dream vacation at my parents house." Friends don't have Twitter so I feel a need to quote 'em.
My dad needs to take off his childs lock on my tv! Ihavent even seen true blood in two seasons )':
They're obviously jealous. Nobody makes banners like the Cauldron.
Thoughts while watching #DarkShadows trailer: "Man this is campy. Who's the hot blonde? Feels like Addams Family. Oh it's Eva Green!. Huh."
YOU SURE DO KNOW HOW TO MAKE A GIRL FEEL BEAUTIFUL!!<3
Hail at my house...Carlisle/Menaul. How about you? <-- It was for a while here on Edith/Montano also. Just rain now.
thank you!! a smile back from LA nice music!
ugh i CANNOT FREAKIN WAIT <3
Spendin my nite w/ #Irene readin The Bedwetter Laughter & the sound of all that rain may have neg. effects on my bladder
You're boring the shit outta me
Claire Brosman (clairebrosman) thanks for the follow.
knowledge is power
Flickr upload churning along - putting up our Virtual Exhibit Hall from #VAM2012.... stay tuned for photo albums.....
hey you're in DC?
A couple that I've found have been short excerpts from larger, pubbed print books.
WDM/BF Team ready for the craziest, colorful 5k in San Diego!
Or the one who genuinely loves me. RT : #Cancer cant stand being away from the one they love.
How To Combine Search Retargeting &amp; Keyword Contextual Targeting To Reach More In Market Searchers
Season 2 is just a lot of yelling. These people are boring. Someone needs to take a trip and show me something new.
At the graduation of the new class of our city lifeguards. thank you and congratulations!
5 days left B4 we begin scheduling interviews!sign up: www.lifevineworks.org- jazmine's dream.
I need a breakfast burrito stat... can you ship to #chicago ?
: Everyone should be a part-time parent, and you don’t need a nanny either; just get divorced!
Electronic Government Fund, which support open govt, gone from $34 million to $8 but better the originally proposed $2 m
i have no expectations.
Fuck the Teen Choice Awards. Zero of my favorites are not nominated so fuck you!
That was no interference.
Being a father has brought me a happiness that I had never experience before. I absolutely love my twins and love being their father.
At least they didn't type "Internet"... :-/
i voted so do i get a follow like everyone else does???? #TeamMindless #mbpopoff iloveyouguyswithallmyheart<3 followmeback!
he stood up in my friend's wedding so we were talking about that. Jory and his friends all went to hs with him.
Yes sir it is, see ya Sunday at Pax Prime. I'm working on trying to tickets for Friday & Saturday also. :-)
ahww thats sad:(, you'll still have a lot of fun though:)
In support of our FRIEND and EXEC, David Kraft...Go PATRIOTS!!!!
"A creative man is motivated by the desire to achieve, not by the desire to beat others."
RT : Shout out to For the support.make sure to check out his music at www.soundcloud.com/eclipz
mal son with friends(:
trying to move. oh. mistake
please for christ sake. I cant sleep
But he's gracing her with his company while they wait for it to compile.
#TLR10, Mr. La Russa, I'm only 13 years old, but I've been a big fan since your WS win in 2006, and have followed you since then. Go Birds!
Staples just delivered the long awaited supplies to the office. That was easy.
<3 RT ": Good luck on the AP test best friend! You got this! *George Lopez voice*"
RT : What fan bases can you think of that have names? (a la Parrotheads, Juggalos, etc.) Realtors cc:
If you are at Vampyre Burlesque, make sure you find me and say "Hi!"
What other people think of you is none of your business
Who would win in a fight between a grilled cheese sandwhich and a taco?
no but I have a dollar for you tho.
hahahaha. I'm not a huge fan of brussel sprouts
Anybody out there actually using Zumbox? I like the concept, but no marketers I know are using it. Not a single message in over 3 months.
I am braving the sandwich that sat in my car for 7 hours.
For most women the libido peaks just before menstruation.
College Gameday is on UT's campus today!
respectfully point out that you have confused (cynical) vendor positioning with buyer behavior and skill sets
Presentations done. Bags packed. Off to Atlanta in the morning to present my workshops at
haha we will! & fo sho. Sounds like a plan(:
USA, Black Buying Power is $1.1 Trillion. We spend 96% outside the black community. Remaining 4% is left to try and make ends meet.
I totally would if Moscow was off I90, but the schedule is too tight for a detour.
after concerts im still happy about them for like weeks :)
Exactly. MT : Anybody saying the Uthoff decision has anything to do with #Badgers recruiting Jeter needs to stop talking
Poised Creation network is continuing to be built.
I hate sears
S/O to my Dad n my two Uncle's Happy Veterans Day!!!
At oreganos with andy..
Can't wait for the release, congrats!
I'LL HAVE TO SEE ONE DAY...
that will be my son in few years bc of damn section on writing in OH. Stupid tests. Hate them, hate them, hate them.
5 1/2 months prego now! RT : How are u & the Future Little One coming along? Has to b "Great!" Sit down prop them feet up!
Jacksonville, FL you guys were amazing thank you!!!Tour was a blast now it's time to head home and start writing for our next record.
Rediscovering Thriller right now..
yeah right mets are horrible
have those turned out ok?
YeaH IM pissed off TOO!
you might check out ithiel de sola pool, "technologies of freedom." Haven't read but I've ordered it and plan to soon
Rabies is gonna be the start of the zombie virus. I just know it.
Thank you for following Paige and I Paige is doing great at kicking leukemia's butt. Help families by donating
that's funnier than the pic c: #. %
No snow, nice weather. I love Colorado. Probably time to move.
Love the random info & a huge fan of the Bathroom Reader Books
Good Morning twitter, I just woke up and I got to go to school. Be back at 3:20 pm. peace :-)
Not a new love... I've been owning the skies with the TV Missile since I unlocked it! :-p
Getting ready to watch some #pawnstars what do you watch??
all you needed was a frilly tux...now you have to wait until next year.
What I love about #Cueto is that he gets as excited as I do when his defense does something amazing.
Tonight is OPEN MIC NIGHT! RT this for TWO FREE TICKETS! 8:30pm! Come see the local talent LIVE!
Chilling Inside Panera Bread. I really shouldn't be here cause I just ate, but I got the MUNCHIES. Everything Looks Good Right Now <U+E106>
you know my traveling ass know
Had lots of fun today at Waverly for the site visit! Thanks for visiting Baltimore
to match your hoodie Zuck??? ;-)
East Asia Center Lecture Series begins TODAY at 3:00 in 125 Minor Hall with Gil Raz from the Dartmouth Religion department. Don't miss it!
Groupon users are young, women, highly educated w/ a lot of $$$ to spend
#imagine Niall taking his fingers and running them up and down your spine, and you get chills. Niall: you like that babe? You kiss him.
that's cool hit me up this week sometime
LoL RT : Indiana and Orlando series was on NBATV with whack commentators.
Q6 #libchat no time to use a tool for that. I try to catch up with reading thru twitter, listserv, attending webinars/ conf when I can. :)
Went to best buy today and left our website open on a mac that's bigger than my tv. If you found us on there please comment back! LOL
#KEY 'why the soloist should be an extension of the choir' - "Master Class" for church/community choirs w/ JUNE 21 in DC!
aw well ur welcomeRT : I love my baby daddy he's the best dad to my son ... Thankz again and again!!!! And again!!!
A gullible blogger tweets bogus statistics that don't pass the smell test every 3 seconds. RT this if you want them to stop.
She sings...
thanks have fun in DC!
thanks do fuckin much for listenin!!! I did those in Iraq can t wait to release the EP and album! Hope u love it
guess who will b n atx this wkend ! Me come out and play!
Congrats to the Class of '12! Time to go out into the world and be of use.
I think just about everyone knows the lyrics to every song thus far to show @ roseland ballroom
I I'm ask lily we do cheer tougher
Today is the winter equinox which signals the end of winter. Happy Spring everyone!
you're a lame person! >:(
The style of life is a unity because it has grown out of the difficulties of early life and out of the striving for a goal
True, but winning could fix that.
This #oscar show won't win Emmy if they don't fix audio reverb!
"Music expresses that which cannot be said and on which it is impossible to be silent."
Couldn't sleep so i texted my lil opp
i am sure it did. i haved used it enough too for tail.
I just want to apologize to all my mates I've been chatting up recently! I over use LOL and it's ruining relationships I feel! ;-p lol...
you know where its at you can come get it.
I have a question for you about a Grover Mitchell 45 about which you may have a good answer....DM me when you get a chance.
Too many people miss the silver lining because they're expecting gold.-- Maurice Setter
Great picture!
Committee on Human Services just passed a bill to restore full TANF benefits for 1 year to those who have been on assistance for 60 months.
Congrats!!!! TGIF indeed!
coworker just sent one of those moving/inspirational email/videos and..... :'''''(
Rec engineer wanted her to do it same way ev time for ease of splicing. Need for perfection doesn't sit well with improv.
is a ballerrr
I swear, I don't care if I have to kill a bitch, one day I. Am. Going. To. Worlds.
will be reporting on the Comic Book Classroom Literacy program at Denver Pub School Force Elementary for KGNU. Be sure 2 tune in.
but you didn't interview Tony :-(
Yes, have the same problem--really is easy to lose track of time -great stuff, can't wait for #TRMA585 slides
NetReflector Addresses &quot;Voice of the Customer&quot; Challenges With Release of Fixed-Cost, Rapid Implementation VoC Hubs
My guess is it's some hipster abomination created in a misbegotten fit of meta faux-irony.
only at all stars would they have a chance on = play
1 follower and who ever follows me i will fucking love you <3
Night Love
what a great day... worked on #crashingbroadway all day... <U+E00E>
won't let you telecommute?!
Dad says you should train in the morning before eating breakfast 'cause it's most effective if you want to burn fat.
Glenn beck is such a gross man baby.
lol im mad when we had class together we didnt know each other! Love you too & your fidora LMAO
Would like to run 15 outside tomorrow. Any good suggestion in the Milwaukee area ?
Haha I wouldn't mind that..I'm worried about Gronk's ankle stiffening up on him in the second half though..
ratchet asses. Those are not good bitch ass niggas
i L0VE H0W BEY0NCE AND JAY Z KEEP THEiR MARRiAE PRiVATE. THE MEDiA iS S0 DESPERATE T0 TEAR APART ANYB0DY'S LiFE
Probably about as much as any previous President, if not more!
I wish memories were like text messages. I could delete the ones I don’t like and lock the ones I love.
I probably piss off everyone I text since I suck at responding. sorry <3
Our doors are open 3-6p M-F for women, children, & families. Free food, laundry, showers, referrals! See some1? Tell them!
Grad school is fine. This semester seemed so long. I'm just finishing up the required courses before I dive into the fun stuff
YES RT : We hear the cherry trees have already blossomed where we're headed (and you know we love our cherries)!
Tunnel view is amazing with clouds and sun on el capitan
Slattery will have to make one more big save in this game. That is my guess.
LAST DAY TO REGISTER for BEST VALUE deadlines! REGISTER NOW for the conference AND accommodations!
happy birthday my love!! I miss you so much! Wish I could be there to celebrate.<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097> you!!
Diner at Mimi's in Fulton. :)
yes i train!! i chew chew harder than you... hahah get it ??? lol
It's Friday! Shooting with my favorite client/friend today.
go to school then!
b/c of #WHTweetup I know where to see the speech!! Thanks!
Compton State Of Mind is a great mixtape
Haters on deck, just means your doing something right. Right?
what would Miss Piggys and Kermits babies look like? i bet they'd look like mutants :3
you guys are the best! RT Great fun helping deliver her goodies this afternoon!
Then I'll have one that says "anytime" :-)
This Fri-Sun, bring your friends & family into PS & get the 28-inch, 12-lb biggest pizza in WI with 1 topping for only $25! Dine-in only.
good morning to you! And goodnight for me haha
AJ's whole career is a serious of Direct TV ads -watch Verlander wake up in a road side ditch later & say, "AJ!" Soprano style
Ok I gotta lil fat but my shortie told me that he like it like that <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
I'm v proud of today! Remember: only 5 days till KO!!!
ahh i think imma head to bed so tired <3 night
Barrera: There's a lot that we do as a district, decade after decade, regardless of whether it works or not.
i just wanna meet my best friends this summer. thats all.
Texas gets the win!!! Texas over Tech 1-0 to pass through to the 2nd round of the Tournament!
well if you are we are deff chillin!
Did the Superbowl meet your expectations?
thxs 4 following. I follow back nice to know you're in spokane. Enjoy the warm weather after a cold and miserable winter.
What CMBS lending? Many excuses no real answers from Bloomberg panel. Kicking the can continues for the foreseeable future.
I'm in Miami, trick.
I have to go and get my shots for high school.
I can't picture much of anything about my wedding day, but I'm certain many mimosas will help me get to the altar.
When life gives u lemons, bring out the tequila! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0081>
16 years ago my wife & I left Kate off for her freshman yr at college. Now she is Dr. Burlingham. Time flies.
RT": Memphis I already don't remember you" Jake, that's the only way to do Memphis!
follow his sister. Thank you though. c:
it's Jordan. I don't even think its as close as the Russell vs Jordan debate.
Despite the close outcome, Republican and Independent voters (4:1) viewed last night's primary results as a boost for Romney (N=1,265)
taking a break
its all of us! Luz made it lol
HOMER BAILEY * clap, clap, clap clap clap*
Prospect Visual (fee-based) tool that interact with SalesForce's database managment program.
Me too!! : We are gonna be at the #Make-A-Wish #Summer #Nights fundraiser at #MotoCorsa in #Portland 06/11/11
Sarcasm is just one more service I offer.
New tosh tonight
great seeing you here bro.
Hey, many thanks! You're probably the only person that's read both.
I need gf in the San Fran airport. Any help would be appreciated!
That is a sign of a recovering market. Any trends on single-family vs multi-family?
Never fun when you're in the ER until 6am :-/
Thanks a lot, Mike!
4 Home runs so far today? That, my friend, is beast mode!
Happy Friday! Call Progressive for all of your February no air conditioning emergencies...Love this weather
Guess I'll have to seriously consider it then! :)
So many months again I was watching The Biggest Loser and it woke me up! I'm enjoying the fact that I've lost more than the most of them! :)
Of all the cities in the world I bet shanghai has the best Chinatown. Just a guess
Error 33. That's a new one. DRINK!
Appreciate the follow bro!
THANK YOU ACTIVISION FOR PROMISING PS3 ELITE FOUNDING MEMBERS EXCLUSIVE EARLY CONTENT THEN LYING ABOUT IT.
FYI- MPD reports that today, in the Washington Channel at approximately 2PM the tall ship Gloria is scheduled to perform a 19 gun salute.
Battle of the worst QBs
i shouldn't have shaved jfc
Courage does not always roar. Sometimes it is the quiet voice at the day, saying, I will try again tomorrow." -
#imissyoubut I'm so excited for all the good things to come
it's 11:11! I've made my wish, it's the same as always, maybe of I wish upon 11:11 everyday, my wish might come true. <3
Snow Day Super Sale - ALL TOP SHELF STRAINS for $35 an 8th
It's definitely on my to-watch list. Is it on Netflix yet?
This is one of those campaigns that I'm so jealous I didn't come up with. So simple. So good.
Our tool: maps brand development, defines operations (competencies & capabilities), and sets up for management and migration of strategy.
Though the Mexican-American War ended in 1848 Rick Perry proposed in the debate tonight to send troops back into NM and CA.
Got my teeth cleaned today
Enought with the #Badgers... #Brewers on WGN
RT I got five on it is a great song
Thanks Ian!
kdksjdjdjdjdjdjjdjd lol no nigga .... I'm a good, great, OUTSTANDING husband ... No such behaviors from me
: No #frozensnotride for me today. It will be #gogunners & to #gramashouse for me today.
hey girl, thanks for the follow! Hope you're having a great weekend!
they dont like my shoes Bc it's a lot of colors it's not solid to match my gown...oh well
: I am sorry I could not hear you over my freedom, I'll put whatever I want out there this is america
All weekend they were shooting the new Harrison Ford/Brendan Frasier movie outside my house. Saw a cool car chase scene
Nice! But I prefer to listen to Supreme Court via
bring it on and we'll see what we can do.
Thank you! I appreciate your americablog posts, always.
I think it's going to be good! Thanks for joining in!
No kidding, i blinked & it was gone. Wednesday am?
lol never mind (was a reference to ur FB) but only skim through post. So I might not know wtf I am taking bout lol
The data recovery gods heard my prayers. Looks like my clients will be getting their photoshoot pictures after all.
enjoy, hope you got some writing down today, you're on the home stretch now
Idk, yet, i'll figure something out.
My goodness, this ump has a huge strike zone. You'd think Greg Maddux was on the mound.
1 pm est. #photoshoot. I'll tweet behind the scenes images so that you can "come along" for the shoot.
I would have drove you crazy..
RT :Vandalism of archaeological sites a major issue in Nevada & other states.Archaeology sites under attack. www.azcentral.com
I wanna see The Avengers again!! FUCK!!!!
Top o' the morning to ya'll
Travis just tried to guess how many U2 tracks are in my iTunes lib. He was off by 6. The correct answer is 656.
S/o my East cost brothaz .. they got swag. But Im the King of that shit..
True that! Got to start somewhere!
Oh Hey Pitbull What's Up
#Hialeah Park #Bike Night 2200 E 4 Av. Rev your engines were here next to until 12 midnight. Come get your sammies!
who will be goalie in the alumni game?
Help break 1,800 followers (and you may get free movie passes!)
You know what's good about the rain? The fact its pouring down on the guy who has been jackhammering across the street for the past 2 hrs.
Getting up at 3am pass my bed time NYC tomorrow hate the city good night people
We're fascinated by the words--but where we meet is in the silence behind them.” <U+2015> Ram Dass
congrats on rising above the noise...be encouraged!
“: When asking advocates to take action online, keep it simple - #GRC12”
The page will b re done soon....with the new and official iCandi icongirlz...
how famous you ask? Let's put it this way... I knew a bartender at Irish Pub and a bartender at Floyd's so... there ya go.
Only solace after #AZ #NYG #NFL travesty is that I no longer live in #NYC, greatest city...to spend a weekend ~ WORST POSSIBLE PLACE TO LIVE
Plane finally here, three hours late. Now on to SLC, a quick layover, and on to Portland. This is why you dont book last minute
Thank God for waking me up
thanks for the self confadence boost :(
Bobby Abreu at bat for the first time in a Dodgers uniform right now
Damn right, I like the life I live, because I went from negative to positive!
Today.....totally sucked.
ONLY 5 POSITIONS LEFT!! GIRLS IN THE COLUMBIA S.C AREA LOOKING TO BE IN AN ADULT MOVIE MESSAGE ME, RETWEET OR REPLY FOR MORE INFO!
you guys still out?
Bowling champion. Good food. Bout to own some rock walls. Good day :)
Very awesome! RT New interactive #HTML5 infographic details the evolution of the modern web
If only Chris Farley were still with us..
Hey, 45K words in 30 days is nothing to sneeze at!!
Kansas weather sure makes you wonder........
thanks you guys!!!!:)
I've got it! What if we reboot Cinderella except this time she's bad ass and can set fires with her mind, and the mice are Nazis!?
Just discovered that its "my hairline is receding but I'm getting a weave" not wii. :(
I'd give you the answer to your question but I'm frankly afraid to tackle it.
Tired hungry n bored.......ganna eat play lil game ten go bck to sleep :-\
Yes, apparently he is no longer part of thestreet.com., Hopefully he will land with both feet somewhere else..
Some people are like Slinkies - not really good for anything, but you can't help smiling when you see one tumble down the stairs.
you are so amazing !(:
Asian people are always late
Now that you're on Twitter, no. And I have your digits, so you can't get lost anymore.
You've been hurt by somebody else, I can tell by tha way you carry yourself..
Wish I could have seen u guys at the hunger concert. My son helps w/ Second Harvest. Will u film another video mgrs place?
-Going to sleep on that note
I sent the pics :D
When is school out?
The next is taking place March 16-18, 2012. Conference theme: #Occupy the System.
Glad to see my Aunt and Uncle one more time before they leave. Saw Grandma, for possibly the last time and she knew it was me!
thankyou, have nice day!
Well, then perhaps we should talk : )
We go beat them sorry ass Celtics without the #Stars tonight!
I can't imagine how much money it was but for front row, sounds like pain in the wallet
As if Fergie binned him, we all know that, didn't score enough goals. I know you hate utd but thought you'd respect Fergie
Omg... All I can say is what kinda night is this????? J
Most programs and operating systems train us to ignore "Help" as useless. 75% of the time, Mac help is helpful.
RT : My mother is THE virtuous woman. One day isn't enough to show my appreciation... Heck, 365 days aren't enough.
I be stanning for who? Areyou special ed? Yes I made a page to show my hate for her jus like u did to show ur luv 4 her!
Office Space for Rent in #Boulder, CO. Two Units Available NOV 1st. For more info contact Denver Maddux 720.352.8221
Good choice...
Thanks 2 everyone who RT our food drive! Starts FRIDAY at ALL DD locations. 3 non-perish food items for a free med coffee!
Exciting new development in marketing with Looking forward to seeing more
If this beat don't get picked up.. I quit
I always see the cutest gay girls lol
Doin Video's in the #platinumsuite ... no better place to do it!..
Thanks for that feedback!
I'm defining "theorist" loosely as someone who has a well-ublished point of view.
"It is far more important to help people to get better than it is to explain why they are not good." -Manly P Hall
Q1) vast and growing. show beats tell every time. really digging the #infographics trend as well.
Hey King, do you have the AT&T or Verizon version of the iPad2??
“ Would love to date a white girl”
ha ha. I hope it was good news!
You Cast A Spell On Me, Spell On Me, You Hit Me Like The Sky Fell On Me, Fell On Me...<U+2665>
Wishing you wonderful shows tonight at the Alberta Rose Theater - a sold-out #NewYearsEve in Portland. Happy 2012 Storm!
My friends are in the bathroom getting higher than the empire state building.
Just watched PHI vs NY highlights. Looks like Philedelphia should've had the win. Some bad calls changed the outcome.
lmaoo then you're creepy :D
indeed you are; not going to even say
can't tether with iPhone unless I pay stupid amount of money.
It's freezing in here <U+E40C>
ReTweet is now OFFICIALLY working for CUASLIS. FYI: For anyone CUASLIS is following, simply add #cuaslis for an easy retweet.
tell me how can u sleep how can u breath baby tell me now how u love me now
That's a wrap for the opening keynote. Catch you in 15 minutes for 's keynote.
I do agree with their support being an issue!
National Prep Showcase in New Haven, CT
Just bought 2, 1TB Seagate Baracuda drives on sale at Best Buy for $89 if anyone is interested in the deal.
#Steelers game still hurts
SPONGEBOB IS ON.
“: #MM you are appreciated ”>>>>Thank you very much!
Excited to talk with AAFP chapter execs and new staff at #aafpncsc about new pcmh tools and free resources.
The Appraisal: First Acts of New York Real Estate Brokers In New York, a magnet for dreamers, Plan A for many agents might just have been
that's the diet of a nicaraguan child!
Memphis blown opportunities
reviewing Mr. Blood's cue book--sitting in for him at tech tomorrow.
Cool! You gotta an album or mixtape out?
Retweet and go follow blah blah for more followers, they follow back! Retweet if you agree that those get annoying =P
I've got a screen grab of my registration; does that count!!??? You've got my credit card information at least 10 times now.
We were the poster child for consortial cooperation!
Gotta love seeing 3 kids in the parking garage ditching school to smoke a joint
I knoww I am(: ha are you at schooll
Polls open at 7:00 today, Baltimore. Arrive as early as 6:45 to be among the first to vote #otis4mayor! We're making history today!
Haha my sisters collected the cards..i didnt though :P
yo we are on section 103 row H. Squatting.
It is not enough to do your best; you must know what to do, and THEN do your best. W. Edwards Deming
“: if I can go an entire week without eating a bagel...well I will reward myself with a bagel.”
Satan set out to destroy me but Jesus rescue me. Good ^_^ Morning (to whoever is reading this)
go to Taco Bell and find out...
When times get rough,hold on,reas more,pray more and expect and wait on ya blessing
I'm such a loser. Everyone is going the club on thrus and i want to chill at the theater. lmao
L.A Fitness in Pembroke Pines.
oh. she's having a go at the musical #Wicked's #ForGood. x__x;
Oh I cannot wait for Friday & Saturday Dinner and Brewers <3
uwinpoker.com the new great online site.. super deep tourneys.. promo code uwinBIG
bratwurst. yes.
Coops on a big one
Critical issue in tough times: "Bridging the Gap Btwn Colleges, Careers & Underserved Students & Their Families."
thx buddy!! Hope your doing well!! !!
Happy belated birthday to !!
OMFG I knew I shouldn't have visited that alternate universe.
My car is always clean what you talkin bout? Lol thanks for the flowers <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B9><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00BB><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00BA>:) :)
Helicopters are gone now.
I better not get involved in this.
I honestly don't know what to say...
"can i help u?" says the doorman "no, I'm good" says I "I meant what are u doing here?" retorts the doorman. "oh" laughs I
I know wtf!
I'm not really running - I've been walking 2 miles a day but haven't been logging it to nike+
this kit kat bangin off da loud.... what up tho world?... Came out my zone for a sec to fucks wit ya
First Half ends, Barcelona 0, Manchester United 1.
WOWZERS! Meetings all day but it was worth it. Thanks everyone :)
Ikr i wish they would have stuck to his character too.
Root for the boys from Kentucky!
League of Chicago Theatres gets their members discounts. But company to company collab should happen more.
Snow & Ice will not close our 7-Eleven. We are open 24X7
should our website look like 4077 MASH? Working on new design
WORK HARD AND BE NICE IS THE PRICE
Fat hoes,disgusting
(they are really good, though. the oranges.) (the Werther's is sugar free)
Great.. w/ the debate of the joke is on who? Banksy is comedic. RT : So what did everybody think about Exit Through The Gift Shop?
If you fall in love with what you do, what you do will fall in love with you.
OMG....I am sure #Ooomf knows how to take a joke #OrNaw??
WTF is going on with Vicki's skin on #rhooc?!? It is SO bad. She needs a sand blaster to even off that shit.
Yes I can. Yes I can. YES I CAN!
... if you ruin the only thing a man cares about, what do you think the outcome will be?
| Thanks for the follow! Happy Friday!
ermm, I'm confused. D:
Final schminal. Come out with us!!!!
Massachusetts Takes on Next Health Care Experiment
We're working on something special for WebCamWindow.com right now.
Proud of you!
didn't read the book, but you know i love me some zac efron so I'M IN!
I wanttoooobe a model.
How do you do the Souljaboy Superman dance
As much as I complain in no way do I need saving.
Gizmodo: YouTube has long been established as the home of the absolute worst commentariat on the internet today; a vile,
My eyes turn & face the floor cause I can't look you in the eye & say...~
Nothing like a good, old fashioned sax solo.
Christendom I...No one expects The Spanish Inquisition...
I should be good now! I had to get that out cuz I was bout to explode!! Lol!
Getting ready for #sprint review meeting. Always feels a bit like a performance #scrum (looking at first sprint on new digital journals UI)
Prayer: Lord stir us in our faith, we've been stirred in our emotions. Stir us to where our conversation adjusts & perspective shifts.
who should I pick up D. Moore or J. Ford
yeah way to goo!
awesome contact by phone and let's do it. 203-820-8819
Who am I? www.kevinkash.com
I'm gonna need more Cointreau ...
Rose Bowl is a another shootout-- Wisconsin and Oregon-- tied at 21-- in the second quarter!
There are WAY better books. A man on wife #3 has no good advice for me.
We're featuring your "movies: seen" notebook to new #Springpad users. Love your thoughtful reviews!
Meet Hamilton Loomis on Live He is a Bo Diddley protege. We're @ Duffy's Garage tonight. You've got to hear this guy.
don't worry I gotcha
Heading into the city for my first audition of 2012. Kinda scary since its been a year without auditioning here...should be a fun day!
my FY new year's resolution - don't wait until april to do taxes
I go to nysc I'll just stop by your job and visit you are you working ?
I have a violent addiction to goldfish.
what up pimp. I got somethin brewin!!! Actually mixin down right now. I will keep a playa posted.
"To acquire knowledge, one must study; but to acquire wisdom, one must observe." - Marilyn Vos Savant
#TellJimmy please help Elise get out of that bottom! She's great, but you're the MENTOR.
Slave owners didn't F*** around either. Several million hung from trees by their neck in Texas and Mississippi.
I can tell by the gangsta lean. Individual importance is directly correlated to the lean angle of black & white glamour shots
but you can perfectly hashtag "cant spell my own name" time to go back to kindergarten!
We are so looking forward to meeting you both in June.
Children who experience developmental delays as a result of childhood #hunger, rarely catch up to their peers.
27 days until the best holiday of the year.
Indians no hitter taken away in the 7th by Lawrie as the score is tied 2-2
Do you like pickles? Sorry its so random but my friends who LOVE u dont and we made a bet so... Do you? (Ps, I Love u!!!!!!)
I'll bring a stack of them next time we're at a casual gathering. I say we invent a new bedpan based drinking game.
buy them! Show your support :)
GLORY HUNTER ILLUMINATI KANYE WEST, enjoy hell while serving Lucifer
U look amazing x
Unfortunately, we are trying to downsize our final numbers of students participating, so that we get down to 9 people.
she will drag you in by your bow tie, ha!
let's see a movie tonight! I can pay. I want to see cabin in the woods
lol you got that right hot as **** here today
yooo we gotta chill this weekened inbox me asap
I don't haVe a type, I jus got expectations.
I never really learned how to study..it's been 10 minutes and I'm done
Neato! I am now a member of the Society for the History of Technology.
Lets pray for shirtless pictures of them ahahah
I hope this dbag Pete is talking to on the train isn't a new regular character.
I just want to sleep!
Errrrbody be talkin about the LA Kings
shot you know I'm always ready!!
I need you
Humans are the only species that pays to live on the Earth.
idk is pronounced 'I decay'
going good! It's 7:30 in the Morning here. I'm at work! Lol
FYI tonight dinner at Casa di Millian is Escarole & Beans with pepperoni. That's screams Italy right there!
Fellas.. Quit asking these Cute Bitches why they Single.. They Crazy, Duh!
Sex appeal is fifty percent what you've got and fifty percent what people think you've got. Sophia Loren
its not that good lmao.
Ooh. I didn't know he had a podcast!
I'm not Twitter savvy...how do you do that?
Thanks for watching! RT : Sometimes, the funniest show on late might TV is a 30 Rock rerun. By a comfortable margin .
Registration is open for tonight's 7 pm $140 buy in Bounty Tournament. Sign up until 8:40 pm, a good tournament you don't want to miss!
oh my new content!! www.inlinewaiting.com
HERE WE GO!!! Let's GO BREWERS!!!
Bahahah kmart has the new nicki cd out for sale before its release date
If #browns stick at 4 & 22 I want T.Rich and wr Hill. Assume Floyd gone by then.
Hahaha, calling someone a sl*t because they sleep with married men is called speaking truth, not putting them down ;)
"rubbing sticks and stones together make the sparks ignite" *grabs sparklers*
is still the same old Bieber since 2009
Are you saying that a white panel van is sufficient for tracking me?
Downloading and listening to on full blast!<3 im downloading every single song they have that i dont have!;)
Aquarius: If Aquarians feelings are too hurt and their trust in you is too broken, they will just cut you off completely and permanently
Close Your Eyes
Hate it when my friends are mad at me. ... Tear Tear
Sit that pussy on my bottom lip
Way to go Brew crew!
If you friend request me on facebook, it would help if the profile pic didn't have the duct tape visible in your bathroom when u took pic.
Thanks for sharing #MelibeeU workshop info - much appreciated!
Looking for a designer to make a few small banners for the site, should be pretty cheap. any suggestions?
Though Hitchens put too much faith in Enlightenment rationale, I respect him as a thinker, or as he would say, a young-at-heart contrarian.
That's because this is 'Murica
You funny
I love seeing my friends being successful or on their way up
Just walked a 2 acre track off of Fairbanks North Houston. We are bidding a land clearing job.
+ ya'll woulda loved to see #freestyle over some lame spo beats. T'was a scene
How can I meet job 4 life
thanks a bunch for the Retweet
all of my favorite tweets are from
Off to Nations Toben or however the hell you spell it..
Metal and geueze. Wierd but sweet.
I don't give a fuck.
You are beautiful!
Magnify the promises rather than the problems.
Its Friday its time to get down!
What QB do the Redskins take here?
haha! ok Paul, just for you there are going to be some tough ones next week!
Must admit, never give pre- 4.5 GA much thought, but your book description makes it look more appealing.
- Happpyy Valentine's Daay Everyone . R.I.P. To The V Cards Getting Taking Tonight. (:
Resting and showering soon. Dinner with crazy grandparents and also yay! :D
When tempted to fight fire with fire, remember that the Fire Department usually uses water.
Except for you you got
are you gonna bring justin bieber on already or what.
Today I have a chorus instructor from NYU coming to inspect my choir :S i am so excited. #soprano1 8)
Spend some time walking on soft ground and you just might start to appreciate a broken sidewalk.
I'm so f***ing embarrassed! :o
How do you know if honesty is the best policy unless youve tried some of the others?
Said Ron Burgundy in a tweet, “I don't know what a teaser trailer is. When did the world get so crazy? I'm having a scotch."
haha! I don't blame you, I got bitten by one before
God day today! The earthquake made it even better
It could be! Maybe she can give it a look and let us know!? Then I can link the pic ot her Twitter of Website.
I think its because of the late night sushi I gorged on before a Dexter marathon with my sis.
Odds approach certainty.
Time to hit a tunnel and pay no toll
really?! Haha love then :P would love to see them :) x
<U+25CA> Before Ax? I think Axford is far more important. He's one of my three favorite Brewers & a hell of a funny guy besides.
when i all grown up, I WANNA BE AN UNDERWEAR MODEL!
whats this new jam yer bringin here friday? best basement currently in chicago. stoked.
I see where your heart lies, my dear.
I forgot my lunch money today. Sad panda. No real food until 6pm.
New stereo shakes the whole house
what's wrong? :(
Follow & RT with #SmokinNYE & you're entered to win 2 tix for our New Years Eve celebration
our daily battle w/our daughter...getting her to eat her veggies.
indescribably jealous
#HonestyHour -- I'm a shy person .
Alex Hoyt Trio is playing tonight at ! Join us 4 Happy Hour & hear some great music! $5 wine, meat & charcuterie
all I want is for u to follow me, plzz mikey =)
Why Hire a cleaning service? Reduce allergies by having your home professionally cleaned. Call us for a quote 858-633-3924 Moon Maids...
Anytime! RT : thank you for hashtag tip
fake smiles. :)
Found a website that gives me summary for the book im reading in english, never have to read it again :)
Just back from a day trip with my #DePauw WT group to Ravenna. Amazing mosaics. Cold and foggy day. Last night in Bologna.
May I suggest ukecoustic?
just announced: R&B artist Adi Amore aka Adi Mack will be performing live at the Aloft New Years Eve
Brewers game not televised, transplanted fan syndrome sucks!
Crash involving a scumbag hipster bicyclist on Candelaria and Wyoming. TGIF! we're too busy, he probably deserved it anyways.
so sleepy! it's time to go to bed (:
It's our pleasure, Heather!
Wat is lance briggs cryin about now jus play football
no u not im happy as hell
hey I appreciate that you follow me, but if you're going to use my words, just retweet me.
lol RT : follow he's tweeting his profile for E-Harmony lol
That happened to me just the other day.
lol ha ha I guess your right...lol they still need help though lol
wonder why some people love living in the "ain't it ugly" space. nothing is satisfying to them.
it's a golfing inside joke, you wouldn't understand ....
Fall has arrived at the Menil Collection bookstore.Great new crop of books and frasier fir candles on the way...
Listening to Someone Like You by:
I love you<3
Alright, so the owners of the account went to college in September, so they passed it on to me instead of deleting it. I'm Tiffany!
Count me in! Something fun and FREE to do since it is going to be storming this afternoon/evening.
It's #compliment #Friday !!!!!! Let's see umm you guys are amazingly awesome
I just hate it so much...
I have an e-ARC for a September book I must tell you about.
Nap lounge sounds fantastic. We'll have to tell the Baltimore host team this afternoon.
Aw, c'mon now. He was great in Green Lantern. The script just sucked. Awesome in Wolverine, the script just sucked.
I believe in fortune cookies. #fortune cookies
hey i am not sure too,i just love dogs,i am learning too lol
Getting ready to watch "The Curious Case of Benjamin Button" and eat some pizza with my woman...
How's everyone this Thursday? We think we're ready for the weekend. Don't forget tonight is another Anime Night!
Beautiful morning run Hills! Can't wait for the Arbor Day 10K in a few weeks!
Not a bad contender.
Awesome afternoon at Waterman's Fall Festival today! Love having a century farm within city limits!
MT : From new UW prof who studies Twitter MT : Fascinated by dialogue around
Steve winwood? Higher love?
Lol I've literally lost 6 followers on here today bye.
I say I become your official Talent Relations manager and parade you round European hot spots for the summer!!
zusi is amazing, but that's no surprise.
I want to meet you too!!! :)
The Shazam integration in the #Supernatural broadcast was phenomenal! Great for taped sports broadcasts
Single doesn't always mean lonely and relationship doesn't always mean happy.
I think Cotto will try to use his power to thud Floyd, but can that left hook find a target w/ Floyd's amazing guard?
Have we seen you yet in the dessert corner?
is there any1 hotter than u if u said no then lets go hip hop girl 5000.00$ grand prize!!!! whacha working with baby!!! www.hiphopgirlz.com
"We didn't go to the media, we didn't take this outside of the family," Langley says. He didn't want UCAN to dissolve.
Dearest , This is his first day driving for us ... Sending you a code for free delivery on your next order.
“: “: Cooks/Chefs that don't give the same quality food to the last table as they did the first #kitchenpetpeeves””
You may even like it.
High quality, lower cost video editing, production, and computer graphics. Center for Digital Image Arts. Washington, DC....
#Bullying can have an impact from generation 2 generation. Prevent Bullying ...TRUTH- Getting in front of the issue NOW does so much!
Very true Dean
It'd be nice to be shorter... for length reasons.
My bullies have now gone from 2 bulliesw 2 4 bullies now
- that's the exact type of photo shoot i love, playing smiling, etc. in their environment!
I agree
I need more single friends lol
not a team for carl, even though I am always down to support carl we are trying to keep that day about Chelsea :)
baby bird flying inbound in T-minus 6 days...requesting clearance for landing.
Quick poll: Instapaper or Read It Later?
Thanks, they will be offering free gifts to Cash Mobbers.
people are getting mad cause i need to post more tweets....mkaay' ;D huurrr i am <3
Good morning Sara - happy smbmad day! :-)
I loved my x-racers! That was 10+ years ago and I'd take more in a heart beat if I could.
Yay! on What a way to wake up!
The dog days of summer are here.
Safe so far....flight delayed til 6:30 :-| Good to see you man.
life is too short to drink shitty beer.
HUGE win for , & the Broncos CONGRATS from ur frds hope the Postgame 3 in 1 was refreshing after the game
found out yesterday we were having a boy. this will be my 2nd son
She doesn't die from an overdose you heartless asshole, it was that ass-clown Volchok. RT : she dies...
Whatever is accomplished must be attained with the full exercise of passion, of vision, of pain, of dread, and of sadness.
#detroitbiz Former DC Mayor Anthony Williams on DTW's greatest asset: Arsenal of Democracy, design expertise & youth driving energy in city
Hood is right- divorce threatens marriage. He is wrong to think that allowing marriage to be re-defined is not AS BIG a threat.
NO YOU BE QUIET OKAY?
ugh i'm totally "never drinking again"
April is National Car Care Month. Start it off right with a car wash! Clean is key if you want your car to stick around for a while.
Omg this baby has been crying for 20 minutes ! Take him outside. We're at a freaking graduation for crying out loud.
yes you do:) look fwd to your #SommChat questions for
Hey, he's not written yet. Can't I get a free trial?
My family thinks I need stress pills.. now I cant be bothered to do my revisions. ok.
Love it
The $50 gift card goes to !
Deep conditioning treatments are standard. The level of #Bawse in that conditioner? Now that might cost you. You deserve it tho.
Does anyone else give a #dirtylook to the sidewalk when they trip over their own feet?
Who's down to get chips & salsa or a bean & cheese burrito?
Log in to Angie's List to view our featured Big Deal. 2 Hrs Electrical Labor for $ 99.00 ! Hurry while it lasts!
See this signal. Ugh!!
imagine how we feel lol that made me want to cry
Congratulations to the 2011 FEDLINK Small Library of the Year, Eglin Air Force Base Library.
Come and try a Ginger Bread Latte at GRIND
"even though it hurts, see i SMILE!!" <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
That explains one reason why I opt for Droid over iPhone. Thanks!
Is it an earworm if you don't mind it being there? #np "Love Bites" by Def Leppard
RT Retweet if you didn't know that "HECK" was a mixture of hell & fu*k.
Who was at the DuPont Pavillion? Why was the bench still warm? Who had been there?
lol idk I laugh at everything
But British furniture ­designer Samuel Wilkinson has created a sinuous version that is as ­attractive as it is long-­lasting
Happy Birthday to ... he's turning 1 yr old today!! Good job at keeping the little guy alive! ;)
Much thanks to for #FF RT & kind mentions!
I LOVE YOUR SONG, ITS HOT
You notice what I drink, and not the thirst I feel. - Spanish Proverb
Happy New Year to all!
that is pretty darn Nice
Half: Tx Titans 49 Tx PRO 29.
session - "People love to help, they just don’t like being asked…"
Btw tell yo friend take her lonely ass to bed lmfao
thanks!! We are very proud of
We're probably going to eat with the boys before. Do you all want to go? The boys are driving to Evansville tonight.
Hey great video today, has me rethinking rolling a Counselor over a Jedi Knight. Good news on my cancer, one test came back neg...
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 289
Congratulations Xa Yang on your 6th anniversary as a Jan-Pro Sac Franchise Owner. Your customers really like your service!...
Thank you for the shoutout! RT : Check out
Off to Mazza's wedding. I am so hungry!
Yeah. I knew that. Lol
Check me last tweet & read my poem
#SomeoneIWantToMeet he's such a cutie, and of course a great singer.
ill post 16 later :)
that was impressive by Ruth!
acrylic painting
summer, not sure exactly, ill check with the guy putting it on for and get back to ya
go with the flooowww~~
Looking for an extension cord for my brain.
The benches have emptied. Pendergraph is even coming in! Good win Pacers!
Congratulations to the Top 30 LC Seniors! What an amazing program this evening. I am so proud of all of you!
It takes 43 muscles 2 frown and 17 to smile, but it doesn't take any 2 just sit there with a dumb look on your face. :-/
#GymTime legs and shoulders... Who else want some??
blowing the roof off the tonite in #Louisville. Get your tickets #Indy for this Weds
You saint. My faves are Coulda Had Me, Best in the World, Don't Say No, and Shut the F Up Boy.
Once u have feelings for someone those feelings will always be there. U may not like them anymore but u still care
I'm good, how are you doing
RT : Its Take Ova Time <<GET THAT CHOP!!
In hospital sorting out my knee slight twist, been 3 weeks therapy now. Soon back at tennis. He he, love my tennis
Mine too! And you will do fine.
I think I have to go to school too -_- my mom says being sick is no excuse
Hello from CNN Special Investigation & Documentary Head Quarters from rainy Atlanta!
so every successful man has a small dong?
a sub-stellar orange is so disappointing.
Yes. It is very clear that you are confused.
Hello RT : Jeez is awesome hello <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0081>lol
Albert Pujols' #Angels teammates pranked him after his first HR. Well, they certainly had enough time to plan it.
Join us for the Juilliard Jazz Orchestra Originals concert, 8pm tonight in Alice Tully Hall. Email "" for free tickets!
#bestclosingtrack I'm not even sure 'The Tourist' makes my top three Radiohead closing tracks.
These girls are rocking it on
&#9754; Cool Deal Digital Video Fountain Pen Watch them back
woah, are y'all leaving the holler?
we sure do we'd love to hear your music!
good to have ya Merle.
You're always amazing to everyone :)
Dems' final offer on #NJMAP, Rothman vs. Garrett in district that's 50% D and 50% R. Farmer ruling expected today.
We will be closed #Thanksgiving day and Friday...we will reopen at 11am on Saturday! Have a safe holiday!!
Shooting another wedding today! Love my job!!
MESSAGE OR RT IF YOUR.. a boy who would never break a girls heart
"Anything that encourages the perception of tech as being male-dominated is likely to contribute to the decline" of women in tech -...
The celebrity death rattle is loud today.
Watching Matilda makes me feel like a kid again
whenever somethin bad happens or im sad i turn to u and ur inspiration and love r always there. I <U+E328> u and thank u 4 everything
So I decided to test out Blendr, which is the hetero version of Grindr... no hits yet. Kind of a bummer, actually.
i love kingsley..<U+2665>
Let's get some1 good!
watching the wedding planner
thanks for tweeting about
OMG!! me i cant wait whos punking you
Life is the only bitch I put my hands on.
Np aim high by
I really enjoyed 's show tonight.
Rise and shine everyone! 'Every new moment is an opportunity to turn it all around' So dont be discouraged. Forge onward.
I'd have to say is my fave. Love my morning (or noon or night) coffee :)
We also found that for LGBT Latinos/as that the more spiritual/religious one is the less likely one is to be out.
no no no good !! </3 you will make me frown babe .:)
Mittens says he doesn't remember, then says he didn't know the kid was gay. You can't trust anything this guy says
i seriously need to be a movie critic~
The only way to keep your health is to eat what you don't want, drink what you don't like, and do what you'd rather not.
Excited for a DO field trip to tomorrow, and we may poke our heads into too. Fun!
reminds me of a fav quote: “Man cannot discover new oceans unless he has the courage to lose sight of the shore.” Andre Gide
I see you found a new "bestfriend" .... oh well.
Someone bought my Kiss 108 tickets on Stubhub! Glad I didn't lose much money. I wish I had a ride.
sorbet is right up our alley.
We have spent over a thousand for this trip. The beach was free of course and Knottsberry cost is about 200
You bet, we will have it on the big screen in the yard. It is also Steak Night. Steak and Fries $10
I've trademarked "Gaddafi & Sheen in the Morning"
um Where r u.
is my obsession. And if you buy ten the eleventh is on them. I am at eight
g.l. Tonight on being the D-Town hottie!
hello from The States. I had the chance to visit the Philippines once. Thanks for following.
FACT: Mold on a home’s exterior can create the same health risks to its inhabitants as if the mold was growing inside.
I wish sucked once in a while, just to lower the bar. But it pretty much never does, which makes life harder for the rest of us.
is live tweeting a class. In what I don't know. Why he's there...also don't know. However, entertaining.
SS be quiet! I'm trying to remember my myspace password!
What?!? You don't like the City Hall architecture? I love it! (Not sarcasm)
Wondering if is going to camp this year?
Yeah, I'll fill you in when I get it back... We REALLY need to chat!
have a great day.
good. Just working and going to school. You still talk to anyone from acs? Eddie and I are the only two left from our class
I did! What's up?
I agree. Ready to be out of the car and in your arms.
I forgot how glorious it is to wear a T-shirt! #globalwarming?
makes a skeptical face
can't wait!!!! U know how much I love NY!! Thank you for planning all of this :) love u<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
The room in which Mercedes Lackey is to read has no chairs. #D*ConFail
My back is feeling better, weeded this morning and can't wait to bike today! One of the best medicines for sore muscles is to use them!
Loll at love and hip hop they going hard
Know what part of the world has the greatest potential for interpreting? China! via
Not sure why they abandoned Grant for two plays. He's clearly the better runner today.
I love this Natalie Cole movie <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Today in Michigan: bicycles, quilt shop(s), some tour wants to do.
You know it!!
Or in real life, awarding the Yale Younger Poets prize to an acquaintance who didn't enter the contest -- OH YES HE DID.
haha agreed. How are ya?!
She wanna make me better
Shut up and stop smoking already, asshole.
I have zero pets! haha Never had one. But I would be! haha
Hi beauty, we're having a nice time, weather doesn't suck! Q: Is it wrong to follow 130 people on twitter? Love you!
Not at the moment, but you never know :). Happy New Year!
Miami represent! Live on Morning Joe!
What movie can contemporary dance make to rival Black Swan? Maybe a Martha Graham work- 'Heretic'? They are pretty scary!
@ the DMV! After 3 years I finally get to see, how good it will feel to be back behind the WHEEL! THANK U GOD. I will cherish my privilege!
If wasn't on Mercy.. I orally wouldn't fxck with the song
oh yeah, and when i got my vision back everything was purple like they were under a blacklight or something.
Is George Brett getting married? Or is it Dan Quisenberry?
ha. Just in game shape from bball. Almost 6 feet tall now. Lol
Happy Easter Everyone!!!
Small turnout tonight for 1st budget meeting at Board committee level; audience includes a few families from 2 language immersion schools.
I seriously never come on anymore :(
Happy Birthday to my wonderful husband! Celebrating out on the town for ... Yum!
"no pictures now. I don't have earrings in." retainer isn't a big deal though.
#Alcoa kicked off earnings season with a big beat, reporting a profit when the market expected a loss and topping revenue forecasts.
Okay this is how we are going to prank Austin..When he gets online tweet him "MARCO?" A bunch of times to see if he replies with "Polo:(:
I've got the inside scoop on why they jumped. Stick with me and you'll learn a lot!
Lauren Lowen likes food #noshit AND she kicked her brother when he had a seizure...
im his assistant, jeremy prbly wouldnt care either way.
I could make a joke about what Janoris Jenkins and Mike Adams are doing today…but I'll refrain.
Thanks Suey! How've you been?
Watching Subspecies on Netflix Instant. Soundtrack takes me back to many a highschool night in the basement with geodesic dice. Way rad!
come out side and say hi!
today my family and I are going to an audition for a commercial!!! Wish us luck??? Love you :)
Still in the news: #Nonprofits may be paying for city services Committee questions providing public works service gratis...
thanks for the tip on the Avengers. Well worth waiting until the very end. Hilarious. Great flick!
- maybe jen and I will one day be cool enough to make it on ur list
Why does my hair have to suck at growing fast? :(
MADISON, Wis. (AP) -- Milwaukee mayor wins Democratic primary to face Wis. Gov. Scott Walker in recall election.
These repetitive talks about life with my mom <<<<<<<<<
I have alot of things thats changing in mylife rite but im happy cause its good things.
<U+2730> #OnlineBusiness Tip: Embed your videos in as many places possible like #Facebook, MySpace, #Digg, #Twitter & your blog home page.
As you grow older, you'll find the only things you regret are the things you didn't do. ~Zachary Scott
thanks for tweet and retweet...respectively :)
awe hush lady. But that was funny.
How is the riding in Malaysia? Do you skate with a crew of friends?
anyway we can discuss/act online as I'm already in the USA and on airplane mode so as to not pay roaming
I refuse to take care of somebody besides myself & my Child !
Eleanor Brown: need to prioritize service - at Cornell, means putting onsite users 1st; other researchers 2nd; other communities 3rd
You're not as unpredictable as you think little ashley :P
Yup. = theatre: pure, true, magical.
Harry doesn't check his mentions? Abkj7ahstwbkshw NO.
Headed to the gym! Don't judge me, join me...
All your futbol followers were just like, "What did David Beckham do?"
Of all the teams, why does it always have to be the Fing cardinals?
4 of the 10 teachers are former students. Rotary is helping schools in other parts of Guatemala. Now a trade school is being established.
What is your fav Keystone matchup?
Shot a fun segment for 's show, Tosh.0 today.
Stravinsky! RT it's a tour, so multiple locations / regions. June 8th in Harrisburg & Lnacaster PA, 9th in Philly.
thanks for the great ideas!!
OB/GYN & Co-host of ABC's The Revolution, Dr. Jennifer Ashton is my guest Sunday. Show begins 10AM CST on Clear Channel's 1510 WLAC
Turns out I overfill my omelets just like I overfill my burritos.
Hey New Yorkers, you could do much worse for V-Day than tonight's W. Wellman double-bill at Film Forum: A Star Is Born & Nothing Sacred.
Sen Graham: you don't get a lawyer; you're in military custody. Who needs a constitution?
Our very own helped pick today's Stevie Nicks winner using our random number generator!
tell me about it
Has been to many museums this week. I still cry when I see images of 9/11. I wonder if its the same for those who lived Pearl Harbor
Watching the NCAA on TruTV, which I've never watched, not since it was Court TV, which would have been more appropriate for basketball, no?
You are the best you that you can be, nobody can be you better than you, so stop trying to be like everyone else and just be yourself.
It sound like this nigga fuckin a puppy
is a great rapper. and he went to ABT.... Mr Orrell was his first hater.
Adderall? That gave me jitters for a bit. Now I'm on Vyvanse. A lot like Adderall but no jitters and way smoother. No crash.
My own moms block my facebook and Google talk. Aha Funny
I think that . should continue to refuse reporters...voters really like that, Mitt
is an ignorant wretch!
at my mom & dad's with my wife and son (before daughter). #MissYouDad #BBN ran around house after S. Woods shot, then... (dont ask)
had a blast video chatting w my sissy.. Can't wait to Visit y'all for spring break.. And Disney vacation..
when i get nervous when im around you even tho we have been dating for basically 5 months. (:
Adapter are very cheap on the web. I use them a lot. If you need sound then you need converter box.
Being that it is #MusicMonday What's the best band or artist you have seen live?
thats the only track you used of mine.. Smh!!!
did curtis show up? how did he do?
Dear Really Bad Bass Player next door. Practice isn't helping. Please take the night off.
3rd day of school this week I've missed because of being sick. Ugh, I seriously think I'm falling apart. <U+E40C>
MusicChangesMoods . RideOutMusic #ComingSoon S/O to EveryBody(FOLLOW) talented Singer/ Song Writer
"relax, we don't kill everybody"
i knowww!! you and ian still hate each other? lol
30 mile bike ride yesterday and 6 more running on the appalachian trail today. God is good!
jealous. Stop by my office after with some rolls for me please!
is it a big deal?? Will out lead the 5:00 news? Front page of JS?
When the world says, 'Give up,' Hope whispers, 'Try it one more time.'
Last day of spring break:(
My stomach is making noises I don't know if I should be concerned
hahah this is PRICELESS .. I miss you so much!! :(
America, my painter just hired 2 new employees to work on my homes. They were both on unemployment and food stamps. Who is the job creator??
thanks! :) btw saw your tweet about hiking burbank hills. is there a trail there like runyon and fryman? i love hiking.
Commission will be back in session at 1 pm
Hey, thanks, Pamela!
Thank you, I will check it out.
": I love those random memories that make me smile no matter what is going on in my life right now."
oh ok.. Do y'all hire pharmacy techs?
Mad Men, Playboy Club, PanAm what's the media's obsession with women of the 50's and 60's?
Being a Boston sports fan is a rollercoaster to my emotions and more importantly my liver.
IPAD SWAGGY!!! and wait what?!?! Lol do u mean u have one??
Why is I-43 called an "interstate"?
please add a seattle tour! #Bring1DtoSeattle 28
Haha not on the floor. Sec 130. Can you get us in the floor?!
Thanks for anxiety.
Hahah laughing @ the RT I did earlier. I dont wear makeup. It's a joke. u_u
#HappyEaster!May your day be filled with yummy treats and fun.
Steph are you seeing Shane Harper July 1st?
yeah I'm watching it on the Mac , And yeah I called u
I've bought 11 pr this year.
It is so cold in NYC! Where is the 90F weather :S lol
So I'm gone do part time strippng...Let me ask my mom =)
Should've did girls night out,...My First day on Spring Break.
Browns have proud distinction of drafting the only rookie QB eligible for the AARP. What's that? He just retired? Never mind.
the knife or the shoe
Happy Birthday !!!
RT if you #BELIEVE in your fans.<3 10
What happen TO loyal FEMALES n RIDE n DIE for THERE man ! This new ERA of FEMALES are CRAZY!
Shoot for the moon. Even if you miss, you will land amongst the stars. -Les Brown
Don't miss the Fountain Hills Thanksgiving Day Parade at 9-11AM in Downtown. Bring your friends & family. Marching band, floats, fun, . . .
You have a stalker? A duck stalker?
That Awkward Moment When You Remember Something But You Don't Know If It Was Real Or Just A Dream .
Chilling at my sis house
RT - WIMA has learned that the Jacksonville Jaguars have released Elida/Mt. Union grad TE Kyle Miller as part of final cutdown
Happy St. Patrick's Day!!
That's so Raven.
"Hans...bubby...I'm your white knight." I can never turn off this movie.
I was watching it on Netflix!
Stoked for tomorrow! Surfing in the AM and then Venice after! Who wants to join?
The sky looks so cool
Dynamic Heating and Cooling guarantees your complete satisfaction! Contact us www.dynamichvac.us
Just finished screening an epic called "Death" that was filled with vampires, bats, disappearing dead people, and hammy kids.
Honey, I'm busy at work, can you stop at the store to buy some #itampon (S)
OMG I'm there tomorrow!!! RT Hello, Maui! <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B4>
Absolutely! I work at 11:30, so I'll be rolling into game 1 around the 3rd or 4th inning
Instead of texting back and forth, will we be doodling back and forth in the future? Asks
I know not, sir, whether Bacon wrote the works of Shakespeare, but if he did not it seems to me that he missed the opportunity of his life.
watching "it could happen to you"! one of my favorite movies!
TFTF... we could always use a little more joy in our life!
u be on your grind like pair of inline skates
pretty sexy ;)
RT : RT : Know what today is? It's #SMmeasure day!! Hope you can join the chat at noon(EST)/9am(PST)!
1Q84 questions: 1) Is the driver in the first chapter Murakami himself? 2) Why does the English version shift fonts for "1984" and "1Q84"? +
Thank you for your support! We appreciate it so much! x
- you're just going to have to wait until Sunday for all my shark costume glory.
Thanks to staff for Jaida's great welcome. She is still commenting on the "niceness" of the staff!
And again today!
On my way to work with SEMO for the weekend. Oh happy day!
Youre right & I miss it. You should sketch me anything you want one day & I'll do a portrait of you sometime. :)
Why does TMNT come immediately to mind, ??
lol I don't like those kind of games haha
I do! Lol
Money was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game. - Donald Trump
Join today for free post highlight tapes and photos help college coaches find you.
Listening to Toni Morrison speak at Barnes & Nobles Union Sq. nyc. I am so proud to be a woman of color who writes.
what's the score?
RT : There's no I in team [but there is a ME!], but there is an I in leadership! Random thought for the night. :-)
haven't heard
Absolutely! RT "someday" is not a day of the week. Stop dreaming and start doing.
We want you to play our scavenger hunt! Come to booth 318!
Not sure what eLife (new OA Jrnl) brings to the table that is different than ? But agree w/ that more OA is good
Canada’s Green 30 companies for 2012
Going To My Bro Graduation w. Me Next Week !!
"119-90?" "Yeah.. That was embarrassing. That's why I turn that shit off."
Well I guess it's time I make this day my bitch.
On this day in Music history...1875: Georges Bizet's opera Carmen premiered in Paris.
Goodnight; need to catch up on my dreams. <U+270C>
Our "Book" has never swerved from its straight forward course of aiding women to improve themselves ...
Doing a bit of shopping for my dorm.. I'm really sad we aren't allowed to have candles. :/
I Felt So Bad For #oomf Today ,
My sunglasses are lonely
#Oomf ego way too big. I think he need ta take it down ah notch :}
Sometimes its hard to Determine whether you really have feelings for someone or you are just carried away by the good things they do.
Morning boys and girls
The offense can't get any more dismal.
Thanks for the follow! Hope you enjoy following my art! @
Do not go through this alone. There are people and a higher power greater than all of us who care and are ready to help.
love you guys from well.....a bus from Syracuse to Albany.
I got through 3.5 songs. Horrible.
going to Atlanta saturday :)
I hate you. :3 I'm so jelly you got your braces off already. I still have one more year. >:|
I find it HILARIOUS that Oomf just can't fuckin lie
ohh. I don't think I've been there ha
I can tell with your 600 some tweets :p jenns got like a million
Good catching up this afternoon. Lets do it again sooner than later!
I'm curious about these. I've heard of "warrant" with these, but not debt.
some people just have nothing to do. You good?<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
watching and go back and forth is freaking awesome! Thank you Twitter gods!
God has blessed us all w talents and anointing.U r 2 anointed 2 b disappointed.U r 2 blessed 2 b stressed!Go forward! #God is Love #Rev Run
you live in chicago so do i
thanks, girl!
Believing in the energy and essence that is God is great but not believing in yourself is counter-productive to that.
It's decided. I NEED a lip piercing...
Specialty flavor this week- birthday cake! Sprinkles included. Happy Birthday to all of our August birthday peeps!
everyone has an addiction, mine happens to be you.
Pretty disappointed what just happened
not last night but I am aiming for a flavor trip in January.
Throw in a Gator shirt and a few others we know and I have seen that look before!
I would love to dribble if anyone can spare an invite!
First we form habits, then they form us. Conquer your bad habits or they will conquer you.
if I drank Sista I would have! LOL
oomf just made me wanna listen to say goodbye haha
Hey girl, hey! Thx for the RT!
We're so glad that you enjoyed your visit! We hope to see you again!
lol yea but i think we start earlier then u guys... :/
in the process of ordering what will hopefully be the final proof for our first book.
thanx for the #sxswLAM high5 - it was a blast this year! thanks to everyone who made #sxswi 2012 librarianawesomesauce
yes i am :o RT no your not?:o
Guess I should finish my anatomy project since it's due tomorrow.
Single bells , Single bells , Single all the way <U+2665>
I can't fucking pick a favorite Mayday Parade song
Thank you mamaz! I'm tryin' to get used to this new twitter, I didn't know they changed it!
look at my twitter username:D
I hate learning from the mistakes of others who take my advice.
Perfectly said. :-(
I will be 5th st playing percussion and on Mic tonight 10.30p-12am with Dj Ljohn austin,texas style. Okai Haiti
- Lol i Had Went To Sleep . . Come On ! QT : ": - Bored ! Somebody Come Visit Me ." stop playn wit me friend
Think I'm gonna switch back to white boys after this dude.... Annoyed
... "never call a musician before noon." ended up interviewing him in person. was truly an honor.
Sick. Gonna get in my pjs and just watch movies.
Let's go!!! No more 5 yard dump passes!!.
LIKE ME?! i feels the hate :'(
Look at that face! Too cute.
Got my tickets to Golf Wang Seattle bout to be the best show ive been too!
I do not want to go to school. But I am going to the boro tonight to see my brother
no dip sherlock
nice do us Gooners proud
Who the hell takes a bread roll on their way to exercise?
wish i could
American workers honor the lifelong support of your mother. Thank you for continuing that spirit. :)
Hahaha, I know ! Same !
It truly is one of my favorite parts of my professional life.
Samia done got me started .
Stifled laughter coming from my cubicle it is due to the caller at the end of the 3/25 ep of Atheist Experience. Thanks
Follow me Instagram
The dark knight rises trailer looked epic . No prologue before my imax movie though
Tune Into now....
are you the dj?
We are now on Youtube! Our channel is BrtCtyLtsMusic. More videos such as announcements and other things from the band to come soon!
Thanks for the follow. Great to have a true Bulldog at my heel.
Turns Out My Cousin Didn't Bring My Crutches -_-
My eye has been twitching for 2 days striaght now....sicklife
Hot and sour soup and mashed potatoes at whole food, it's a good day
you're in the dodgers organization...gotta support the lakers now bro!
No... I didn't know your shoe size ^^
those are bad for you!!!!!
Passed 100 followers. Thanks y'all.
Stan Van Gundy is still employed by the #OrlandoMagic, but I can't see how he will last the season under this dysfunctional mess...
Good morning world! Last night I had someone try to talk out of working on my vision so I can help them with theirs. Idiocy at its best.
honey. You don't have it bad. Trust me... People have it worse than you.
if I were stranded on an island I would only need my royal flush
#414 JACK IT DOWN
My eye sight diminished a little after seeing that.
Tore my toe nail off playing ball shit hurt
.: Internet not a force for good or evil. It's a force for everything.
I'm loved how was so open and shared with us. Most people keep that in their closet.
Haha, you crazy!
Fine, then get an olive tit tat to represent me and <U+E044>
I bet it was, and it was probably like old home week seeing so many from the past...
Heading off to see/hear the Afro Semetic Experience in concert at the Arsenal Mall in Watertown, MA 7:30pm start!
RIP Mike Wallace. If I only had an ounce of that kind of courage...
Highest success rate in the option trading advisory field. www.OptionSpreadStrategies.com
please please come! Aunt Amy is coming if you wanted to ride with her :)
Halloween reading at the Fishbowl: Masks (bring one), cupcakes, and people (you?) reading poetry. 10/28, 8:30 pm.
Follow Friday.
Dear Friday, I never thought you would get here. Please make the work part go by fast then you can do whatever you want. I love you.
thanks for saying hello and joining the chat today
Being a fan, I don't see too much western hoops, but I know this: 's beard is
Tonight: Training Camp Showcase- "Home of the unsigned artist". PERFORM or just NETWORK! Club Pyramid, NYC. 8PM, $10- For info: 347 249 9441
makin a deal today?
Kill the lights.....
Good luck tonight big head ! We luv ya! <U+E42B>
What ways do you think art can be used to improve the life of others?
Holly Stark: your lost item has been returned to the lost & found at the volunteer ctr.
Gotye at #5, Drake's "Motto" #4, Demi Lovato's "Give Your Heart A Break" is #3...and now 's "Best Song Ever" is 2!
Studied my kerr map like crazy.
85 deg. and sunny, and you're not outside? #confused. Grab your bike & head to the Strip for Sat. market madness.
I got my diamonds up againts thaaa wood ;)
Unless we know the real inventory levels that are in the banks system, the data we see is speculative and incomplete.
u can do it really! I lost 100! If u want someone in ur corner meet me on FB/SweatyBitz . I know it looks hard-1 step @ a time
Just saw this CHURCH SIGN: The church is a gift from God- some assembly required.
You should probably just leave now.
Taking 30 minutes to shower, Because you like to stand there, under the hot water, just thinking about life..... Anyone else?
I meant wonderful...
I 2nd that
WILLIAMS FUNERAL HOME FIRE UPDATE...Still burning...one side of home has collapsed & destroyed...stayed tuned for more......
First snow in Chicago
so many people like me 0:
We will pick one of our followers to win a FREE dinner for 2 this weekend! RT & tell ur friends to follow us now!
We are excited for tomorrow’s Greater Madison Chamber of Commerce 2012 Business Expo & Small Business Conference. Stop by and say hello!
I have enjoyed the recent batch of Will Arnette hulu commercials. They had a good one during the Super Bowl, too.
we're kick ass at modesty. Nobody's more modest. We won a modest contest by not showing up. Ha.
lol, mybad. im boutta text you back !! QT : I KNOW YOU GOT MY TEXT!
When it comes to endorsements nothing breathes "I don't know how to inhale through my nose" like "I haven't made up my mind yet."
Keep haters confused by smiling, no matter what they try against you.
haha i know! Didn't even start that paper...that's tomorrow's adventure :)
Justin Bieber shouldn't be so hard to remember.
....Oh my god. You're going to BAGBY.
Slowly falling apart
live...love...suck me dry of all my money. NOMO.
I hate Romney. He's just as bought as Obama
Watching the movie > than reading the book.
You can't even keep up with your lies.
I should just dissapear forever.
Working hard in the studio..
checked out your site for the first time, nice!
For all ma niggaz & biatches! Once again... :D.
#FF Have a great weekend!
Free Laptop were giving away next month is also one of our top selling laptops....It's a Dell Inspiron M5030....Enter the contest to win..
oh hell yes :D I need a picture with you!
can't speak for them on that one but i'll glad you'll be there :]
Thnx for quick reply! Is there an easy way to access tweet history? R u using same twitter ID this year?
What is "hot stuff?" What is "the wrong place?" And how does it knock you out in the 4th inning?
RT : #WhyDoiAlways complain about everything but never do shit to help the problem
I hate that she don't say nothing
LOLL LOLLLOLOLOL David that just made me HOLLA laughing! LOL LOL!!! Too funny!
We have many new gaskets of all kinds in and some new Chrome plated Oil pans in our walk-in store.
reading Pinks' A Whole New Mind really makes me want to pursue some right-brained creativity
Have you checked Mona Lisa's market on India?
CONGRATULATIONS AUTIE ALI!
Finally hit the 1,000 follower mark. Now only 998 points until I reach 1,000.
Want anything from McDonalds?
F and I are at T's T-ball game while the rest of our family finishes up pre-visit chores. My sister's plane arrives in 3-1/2 hours!
any chance there is an English language broadcast for Mexico v Columbia tonight?
ABDUCTION tonight!!!
I feel you. I believe that most men would not keep a woman that he knows cheated on him.
Crazy thanks to for putting our Vets Museum 7" front and center on Record Store Day. You guys are too good to us.
awesomeness RT : By Ed? “: was just introduced as the "honey badger" of #Linc”
Damnit, I wish my body would let me sleep past 7am!
Haha yes it is.. :P I'm being ignored by five people.
I got designated laker haters that hit me up every time we lose. Who pays you Fuckers?!
"faded faded faded my nigga I'm faded faded faded" #NP tyga & Lil Wayne
I still haven't started my project for health yet.. And it's due tomorrow.
We're so excited to see all these applications coming in! Looks like Summer 2012 will be a great year.
watching Scary Movie 2 on the E! Channel. This shit is funny as hell. Bring back Wayans Bros!!!!!!
Right??? Crybabies!!!
" The less you care & worry, the happier you will be"
I hear the place that replaced it is good though!
please share the tool. Do you have a link?
Yeah the whole 12 man theme pretty lame i thought Pete Carroll would make his own theme but apparently not.
Watching hey Arnold .
Got home. Mom said get in the car we're going to the doctor. K sweet I couldn't even PEE
Anyone know what the weather is going to be on May 6th. Thanks
Ha. Keep believing that. This is the year for the !
tweet tweet migrated back. I am sitting on a sunny perch writing some lyrics after 2 conferences. Chirp.
This is not recent news but I don't know why it bothers me that #Pluto was downgraded from a planet to a star.
they need someone with a functioning arm.
I hate stalkers/creeps with an egg as their default that tweet me talking bout "massage with free sex" O___O the fuck!
how sad...
The RUT is in travel mode to Wisconsin for 7th annual Pond Hockey championships Feb. 10-12
Just cause a bitch showing big titties n ass dont mean ama like they photo....
Happy birthday !!! xoxoxo
he called them cupcakes xD and they listened x)
Naps during the day=Up all night.
I have been alone all day with warring children getting on each & every last nerve. Not how I wanted to spend the day before my #LTYM show.
'Tis better to follow than to be followed. --
RT : Q3. Social Studies is a study of what people did to change their own world.It has nothing to do with dates.#sschat <-yay!
poverty is a state of mind. Go to a socialist country to live if you don't like it here
touché! I'm surprised they're not on top of this.
a.k.a twitterless krista got a twitter :O FOLLOW HER NOW ! #please <U+E022>
"True Life feels more like enjoying old friends then sitting through church.." -From a attendee this past sunday. #LoveThat!
Hi! I will give u complementary tennis lessons next time ur in NYC :)
Im so stupid
It's Monday night everyone, you know what that means..Get those votes in for and Peta!
Viernes de fiesta!
We supply that #International Supply!
Those people that irritate the fuck out of me.
Seeing 'Rip Dick' a thousand times is better than experiencing it once
Great post on how to write a good blog post...
A BALK!!!!! GET HIS ASS OUT OF THERE. THIS IS A FUCKING JOKE NOW
It's been 3 hours since the #pacers game and I'm still ticked.
Thank you . So much
Come in and try out all our new arrivals of your FAVORITE yoga/athletic wear in our boutique. skirts, shorts, leggings, tanks & more!
I want to play Naoto too! >_> But atm I think I'll be on the Akihiko ride.
guys, is description enough? Someone ask it!
can follow back this Mexican fan!! :)
Thank you my friend!
i want you to write a book. you can call it "how to be awesome."
Are you gonna kiss me or not?-Thompson Square
When you realize your annoying so you try to be less annoying... but then you make it worse. -.-
That awkward moment when you catch someone starring at you, so you just slowly look away.
Dawson now imposing his will w his superior athleticism
Now every single moment
Off work today!!!
Its been a while since i have had a late conversation on the phone :o
Hi Shar, thanks, we made it to JFK.
I just want you, through the bad, and the good. The ups and the downs. As long as I'm with you it doesn't matter.
damn I with Ben Masel was still around, -fighting govt's for charging people to assemble was his bread & butter
the lead character in my new upcoming book New Wicked Evil: The Pursuit Files with Bradley Scott is a Redhead.
What did you dress up as for Halloween?
. the winner of today's Democratic primary will almost certainly become Mayor; that's why *voting today* is so important!
ManU while still good aren't the giants they once were. Time to reload.
And ask for pussy tonight. Go on, I dare you.
She said she saw the party on nightIQ
DAVID YOST the PEOPLE and the NATION never knows when MITT ROMNEY will change his position and we all end up as SALTY DOGS. CRUELLA DI VILLE
summertime man
PE0PLE THESE DAYS!!!
Entrepreneurial Lesson #11: Surround yourself with people who are smarter than you are.
I love you. <13
Sadness! I sent it before Christmas! It was a little book. I even sewed the binding!
*meant so*
Bet RT : good do no excuses when I hit u up lol
DREAMers have feetintwoworlds.org. Send your 2-3 min video stories to
I am taking down the christmas tree/decorations. The holidays are officially over. :0(
I think I'm in love with Hope Solo.
Excuse me #LAKERS but you do NOT blow a 19 pt lead on the damn
Just got an email from reminding me that it's my 13 year eBay anniversary. My wife of 10 years may get jealous...
Very worried about Game 7
City bound...first exam today...one tomorrow...then two on weds...summer I need you now
I got nothing against the Cubs, but Bruce?! That's crazy talk!
Ferrari rally/polo match in Watermill...should be entertaining, to say the least.
I swear this is the longest hour of my whole entire life -__-
It is 1 thing to say “I was there last Wednesday,”but if you have subway ticket, the photograph,t-shirt,then everyone knows you were there.
Guess what? We're celebrating our 100th anniversary this year and so are ! Happy 100th to us!!
everybody you encounter in life offers an opportunity for you to learn from/with. #Wisdom can be accumulated this way.
Keep your questions coming! The final panel is on its last speaker and almost ready for Q&A...
See the people behind it. Truly trolling. But yes, I see it in context of a larger whole as well.
I hope so. I was scared for my life ,lol
$25 Restaurant Gift Certificates for $5. Great for Gifts. Save money while on vacation. Try a new restaurant. www.majkltravel.net shopYTB
as they are scheduled. They are every couple months
ping. did you get my e-mail from last week?
#wingalaxytab I would use it at work on those days that just drag on... (everyday) reading ebooks and my rss feeds.
business home based
I'm guessing that JPMorgan Chase was betting on the Caps to win game 7. Tough $2 billion loss.
first world problems?
How foolish to punish ourselves when Christ has already paid the full penalty
i should call in and go hide out in chicago lol
Can't even find nobody name I no on these jant
Seriously quit creepin on me.
Best cure for this cold, ALCOHOL!! We have plenty, come down and have a drink or two.
If UW makes 13, I'm okay with a few fast breaks. RT : that means a Syracuse 'w'. Easier to run on long rebound than a TO
I have an idea for your show. DM if you can.
RT : The question is what would you give: money or time?
agreed; I think we need a more diversified social media presence and to keep up with the new stuff (i.e. pinterest)
dnt got nun to say
Come on PACKERS!! Take No Prisoners!!!
started the painstaking process of copying all of my cds to itunes...all 500+
How are you?
Its working now! Thanks much!
I really hate I'm lame on Twitter but hey dats why we got facebook 4 huh?
Not OK with this cold weather! Need to move to a much warmer place
Gotta wait and see practice reports on Friday, but probably Hillis
Lots of love going around! We love and you and ! (via )
Now you know bi***** Love that!! But at the same time I feel like he should stick to mixtapes until he finds the REAL him
Don't forget to visit us @ KMart on US31 in Greenwood tomorrow...see u there
Sweet. Sweeter than georgia peaches
Is there a worse piece of fucking candy than Bottle Caps? Jesus Christ.
The #world doesn’t need any more yes men, what it needs are more misfits because they see things
Best moment at in Aville today: my friend's kid tried to blow out the "birthday candles." Aka: candles folks light when praying.
Take care, your worship, those things over there are not giants but windmills.
How do you anticipate a slow news day? Anytime government offices are closed, it’s a slow news day.
#SuperTuesday 2012 sure is coming down to the wire, wow.
In national news today, one of the top business opportunities ? "The Pawn business.
That's awesome.
Map. Reduce. Repeat.
Happy Birthday! Happy Friday the 13th.
I'm laying in the dark and out if nowhere i hear a faint"hello?" Come through my phone ...pretty freaky
Oh shit, I need dress clothes now.
can u follow me on twitter bro?
ICT - Legal Music
Thoroughly enjoying the Minnie the Moocher station on Pandora!
I can now, officially, add puppeteer to my resume. Come see XPT! This weekend only at the Center for Puppetry Arts.
Catholic guilt.
1st radio spin today for 's debut CD "Prisoner of Love" on DC's 89.3FM WPFW! Big thank u to & !
hahal! :) yep lazy days are necessary every now and then, right? x
After the click? Where do clicks land. Is it optimized. Does it make sense with the CTA. You need to close the deal.
Excited to hear read from new book The Armageddon of #Funk....minutes away
Where is I need to copy her paper
I'm taking a tour with their CEO on Tuesday (who you would like by the way). Any specific complaints I can pass along?
Happy Mother's Day to you, too! Thank you.
My phone is broke i am going to get a new one asap
Hey, you too! Glad to see your essay highlighted!
“: My throat really hurts.” RT that's what happens when you suck a plethora of penises. When's my turn? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F> kidding.
I beez in the house !
Up up up up up up!:)
welcome to twitter lol
Jason, check out elance.com, especially if you're open to consultants.
if you a trumpet player dating a particular popular bass player & dump her
Maybe that's why they moved out. "good help is hard to find"
Things not to say when you rear end someone. 'oh sorry, I wasn't paying attention'
im so hella bored ugh
Spotify caches anything you listened to recently on your hard drive.
": 243 days til kick off. That tweets for you " tick toc tick toc
and thank u as well
Right now is a rebroadcast of our Ex Fabula December Spectacular on WMSE!
ur a gye mahomie (ur name duhh) OMG I don't know any ah U ROCK !!!! An my eyes are nicee too hahaa ;) x
We will be closing today at 5pm for our Annual Employee Appreciation Christmas Party. Normal Hours tomorrow
Kemp gets behind in the count almost every at bat recently.
The next person that gets on an elevator to go up or down one floor will receive a cock punch from me, regardless of gender.
Which Videos Everyone Talkin About
Felton just got a T for that?? And Kobe got nothing for his tantrum on the Bench???
RT Good news! As far as I can tell small businesses are hiring & doing great right now. 2012 looks like it will be a big year.
Went to get my ruined pedi fixed. One toe. Touched it to see if it was done. Nope! Lady has to do it a 3rd time -.-
we did!!
Jordan alleged misconduct against Bowie principal makes it difficult for him to continue his job at the campus.
My name is Athena Mayen and I approve this message!
Any good #movies released??? Share with
I use khaki envelopes for ALL of my cards. I don't know what I'm gonna do! Guess I should stock up now... :(
Hey thanks for the follow! Looking forward to seeing your work
#Top10Lies I made it myself.
hey, brother. long time. got that phd yet?
Spotted::" Memorial Art Gallery, A suprisingly fine collection for a midsized city. This is really worth visiting." TNX Bernunzio's
interferential is a medium frequency current, not a high. TENS uses square wave, interferential uses sign wave.
so...of course I haven't finished the paper that's due tonight (in fact, haven't started); but it felt like a good idea to go shopping <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
halfway through the virtual trade show...
Is there a reason to use folks (or not use folks) that I'm missing? Other than to make things fit in 140 characters? ;)
Feel like I got hit by a car last night.....did I get hit by a car last night?
Just in time
That's just another way of saying you think he's pickled. #william shatner
I was born and grew up in Ada, OK & then moved to OKC in high school. Great to meet another Okie!
I don't like the feeling of being entertaining
make it 11 and we have a deal. lol
Boutta get some waffle house
of course!
Yeah, the books are a good idea, poorly implemented. Better than the tv show, though.
you totally rocked Detroit just now!
They are ready for you to start playing for them.
interesting idea, 's intranet server name is Beaumont.
didn't give me a heads up, now is about to give me a wooping for not bringing snacks
I will be there<U+2764>
GO TO SLEEP, BEETWEEN 3,SEVEN,LIONS,NOW! :'D
planning on a down coat.
Is engagement a means to other learning outcomes or an end in itself?
Can I get out of here already -.- ugh
RT : <U+262E> Peace begins with a smile. <U+262E> ~ Mother Teresa
Moving on the Hey Hey Bar. See you all there.
": hate it when I can't find my lighter.. Good Morning ! Its 4:20 somewhere" rise and grind.
Small is the number of them that see with their own eyes and feel with their own hearts
yes! But when we meet will we be talking through twitter at the table or using our voices? Lol!
I'm reading a lot about SM as if SM=Marketing. As mktg exec interested more in best ways to leverage SM within my global mktg strategy.
no, been sick lately. Hoping to do some editing today. I'll capture some stuff i shot for an experimental film & try to edit.
<U+2752>Single <U+2752>Taken? Come support kids w cancer at date for a cure on May 1 !
I did Iyengar Yoga (for dancers) in college! Great, but hard!
Just a guess. Is super cozy?
Let's make it sooner than later We must plot something awesome to do!
Saddle shoes or duck boots.
People often say that motivation doesn’t last. Well, neither does bathing – that’s why we recommend it daily. Zig Ziglar #RockTheReTweet”
and it sucks
Today's Get Energized tip: Change your furnace filter regularly, at least every three months.
hope you received my email. Few points I left out. Take another look. Could be a good fit.
I had a dream last night the Phils traded Halladay and Pence to someone for a 5th starter and one prospect I never heard of. Scary.
The tradition that could die off when we move. Brooklyn Bagel and Coffee Co.
Solid game Flyers!!! On to the next round!
Had to swap a 36 in for a 26. Wish I could proportional patch to 115%
Any students have questions? Call us at 800.343.9826
Most new clients come to me via the website. Word of mouth referrals come from happy clients.
already starting huh Mr Reggie Jordan? to bad the sideline got it in ur way in the rose bowl in 95
No. "volume scorer" is code for inefficient chucker RT : Cavs going to need a "volume scorer" for next yr with Jamison gone
I love your sexy post :D
Whad'ya know...mine sure do.
I don't know!! Why haven't you :)
Thanks! Shooting in mid-June. Should be nice and sticky :-)
Two more weeks in counting to see my prince charming
dying to see these Mardi Gras outfits!! Update your blog, beauty.
#AskTheDragon do you like brownies? :)
Great job matt!!!!! U earned all those followers!!!
Thinking of hiring someone to report on the doings of as a premium service. Applicants must be stealthy and have own disguises
There is porn all over jennifer lopez's performance... #DanceAgain ..o.O
What a great first public workshop! Thanks to the San Diego community for coming to support
Earthquake in DC Metro! I was in the pool, which was actually really fun.
100 Western Americana archival collections of ready for access Now only 400 more to go. Oy vey!
Not an accurate predictor. Leif has teeny ears & is, as we can determine, full-blooded Vulcan. Sounds like Faery royalty.
Tired of the cold? Don't worry cuz we're bringing theheat365.com ***Coming Soon*** The Worlds Hottest Internet Radio Station!!!
U know I don't think Christina Aguilar likes Justin tht much. Becuz she's always dissing him or giving the cold sholder. :/
count me in for the black keys in atlantic city next weekend! horse races in the afternoon, rock concerts at night
YOU DO! :D
I expect hourly updates and pictures!
That's great. I, too, am a North Carolinian BTW. :) Thanks for your support!
I disrespect the fact Education and Public School system has been abandoned by our society.
Haha, -I'm- not the famous one here. Sophie's taking all the glory (and giving a little to my Gordon-Freeman-lookalike roommate)
have turned the tables on the storytelling "we lived to tell the tale.Fortune befriends the bold!"
like hell without you!!
Isn't it both? Yes, leaders need to broaden the conversation to find new solutions but there are situational constraints?
AP Biology test in the morning. Aghhh
bleeehhhhh...working on this speech i have to give three times tomorrow in class for practice...not fun....(-___-)
You. Are. A. Comedian.
how on earth is Wisconsin not ranked by 4 of the 6 cimputers
Watching "The Unit" with Viggle. Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Hmm, looks like Dwight Howard and Pat Riley have something else in common.
follow: , she needs more followers (: go go go.'
That's what she said? (SIGH)
Ok my kid just pointed at a picture of Melissa McCarthy and said "Daddy!". Thanks, son.
im still so, mad at you. i want my food/monster back WHORE.
Yup, and she even sent the 1st message!
Why not both days?
Who wants a copy of my Wiz Khalifa - Black and Yellow parody?
I was also thinking it resembles Bruno Mars hair.
Yay! We reached 400 followers!!! Thank you guys!!!! :D
I'm in love with the Texas Rangers... Every single one
Sitting on park bench in Los Olivos. Daniel Gehr ports were amazing. Wife telling me how obnoxious the Gypsies were at bingo last night.
Wuh-Waaahhh...“: Anyone know what time the Gophers start to play? #nit”
“ I want sushi..... I feel like I need to eat it asap” me too!
follow us we will be awarding a lucky follower with a free limo ride
For some reason I got a feeling that he is lying to me. But idk guess I'll find out
Can't decide what to do this morning... Yoga or bike ride. Decisions. Perhaps I will do both.
What you don't have a private jet??....psssshhh hahaha
I just broke my iPod touch
Don't fix something that's not broken
Confidence is a very fragile thing. -Joe Montana
HELL YEA!!!!! im up for it cause YOLO LOL
A man needs to feel like a success, wants to feel like, "I have what it takes" John Eldredge
Btw can you have your vocals in mono instead of stereo?
Come kick off your 2012 Spring Break weekend @ Sky Lounge! 2nd St. & Washington. 4 DJs playing the best of Hip Hop. Tonight 18 and over
Been up for 36 hours... So far. #dying -.-
And I absolutely luv NERDS
haha that's whats up...I wish u would of told me earlier but I already have 2 weddings and I think I may be going to NYC
i-i know that
how 2 get 2 followers) 1. follow me and girls notebook) 2. RT this) 3. tweet me done
I'm down this time
Good morning!!! Have a good day! I've day closer to Friday! That should definitely put a smile on your face! :)
I freakin hate Auto-Correct :@
Gospel Tour In Sweden! Having a blast over here as usual. The concert tonight was "Off Da Chain!" They "APPRECIATE (add value to) US" here!
#Humantrafficking makes a $32 billion profit annually - more than #Google, #Nike and #Starbucks combined. Help us end this
. not meant as snark-- I'm just ready for it to kick in!
Aww Window Seat, Music, & a Game always does the trick. She'll land before she knows it. SAFE FLIGHT, MADDIE! :)
I'm ok with Kirk Cameron being against gay marriage. He hasn't come out against taking it up the ass, so at least he's still honest.
Bruins In a crucial game 7
Do not want to be in school right now
There's a difference between boys and men
If I had the under there would be 15 runs in Houston right now.
SquE-Z it to the last drop!
I'll try to give you a hand if I can. I'll look at your stuff and keep in touch.
Keynote address. Room packed out.
Especially the way he handled losing a ball. RT : Steve was such a cutie
Back on twitter its been a long time.
MY PISTOL BIGGER THAN ME NIGGA
I know. I'm practically addicted to Black Black. :-)
Might hit up the pool later on. To hot up in Florida like fa real yo
oh that's true..
I really hope this car gets there soon...
Quote of the week from my 10 yo, "This kitten is purring all over me!"
When I feel like I can't go one you tell me to go.
the would not heal.
time for snack.... a smoothie by mcdonalds
im so tired!! but that play was High-Larious!
How much mucas can on worm have
Peeta: "Besides I like watching you sleep." o_o
no problem lady!
This biology class >>>>
unfortunately, you were not even born back then! ;)
what happened? :~(
So 2 trends are #Earthquake in DC and #Hurricane Irene . Yep It's the end of the world soon. Smh.
Hope you are feeling better today!
I want some macaroni
#VRAC2011 s/o to Holins U!
Plan how you will achieve your speaking and info marketing goals. Do whatever you have to do, not feel like doing, to achieve them.
": I fucking hate when people ignore my text. Now you know you see the mutha fucka TEXT BACK."
Not forgotten! Excuse our tardiness, we were creating automotive awesome outside of the office. ;)
Wahhh bamboozle is next weekend and I won't be there once again! Seriously the best line up I've seen!
for following
LOL GUD..AND U..U THE PATIENT? I SHOULD BE ASKING YOU
If I ask u " Who is this " EVERY time u text me OBVIOUSLY u not important enough for me to save your #
in LA? That's a lot of tickets!!
How Apple dodges billions in taxes: A concise guide
We are excited about the launch of HERSS and look forward to helping and servicing Healthcare IT startups and emerging companies.
Ugh I'm gonna explode.
Anyone wanting to see some special new features, add ?osdw=1 to your dashboard url, and then enable (or disable/re-enable) On Server Dev ;)
It works every time!
Oh My! RT #Hillsborough Co: FHP reports an incident NB I-275 a mile before the Kennedy Blvd exit. (They said Brush Fire...
See...look where my randomness done led me. Over here talking about a cat named Mr. Tinkles and shit. LMFAAAAAOOOOO CRYING!!!
And by "almost" I mean "virtually"... And by "virtually" I mean "never"...
Have you watched Doll House?
Richard Arum book-Parents do more?College won't even share grades becus student is adult.Took my leverage away-called money
I'll be coming back up when I can walk. On crutches for the time being. Hopefully a few weeks. We will make ithappensoon!
you should decide not to text me when I'm asleep!
right? Esp. knowing that a few weeks ago ALL my info on my web site *disappeared* due to human error & it is GONE.
Just saw a Prius w/ the vanity plate: MYBRID. Bet they're SUPER FUN AT PARTIES.
You'll truly be miss Anthony. #RIP <U+2665>
Just had some tonight. Really great stuff.
Thanks! Must've skimmed past it.
It's Friday night... So many innocent beers have no idea what's coming for 'em.
Get me to a scannery.
Do we give shit? Oh...
ok yeah. Just askin :)
Fuck pride. Pride only hurts. It never helps. You fight through that shit. - watching pulp fiction cus i cant sleep.
BRITANNY from Los Angeles says Get out of my way! No photos!
LA looked sad out there, I know is salty.
You DARK SHADOWS is gonna blame THE AVENGERS for its poor opening weekend. But we all know it's because DS is a terrible movie!!
I know! Hopefully we can come visit while the guys are off this summer!
#upset as a muthafucka
taught me how to hustle
I think I'm going to end up alone.
Not gender specific. Just saw a man parked in front of the woman leave his empty cart next to her's. He can clearly see the cart return.
The fact that Kate Upton would do the Cat Daddy (which I didn't know existed) for some creepy dude should remind us all that she's only 19
hey matt, it wasn't my idea. I wanted to go someplace less classy with these Landmark ladies!
..guess he really ruffled them up
I have a fever? K, cool. Guess I'm going to school with a fever tomorrow.
RT : Denver: Dicks sporting goods park. Free today: Rock the Range Starts the almost @ 4. The afters, lecrae & skillet too
Tightly cap all solvents (gasoline, paint thinners, strippers, degreasers) and store in a cool place to avoid evaporation.
If my baby daddy cheating i hope god with him .
super disappointed by your association w/ priorities usa action super pac.
I expected more bison burgers on the menu. But the chicago bison dog I had was pretty good.
My muscles are so sore.....
Dallas... Who's ready to rock with the city's Koldest Barber.
Straight Business Over Here. Keep That Other Ish For These Other Suckas..!!
Today 1865: Jefferson Davis, President of the Confederacy, was captured by Col. Henry Hamden and the 1st Wisconsin Cavalry.
Today's your day mom. Live it up.
I got my brandon jennings jersey already. Authentic red. The most epic shit ever.
You girls have a lot of disgusting nerve slandering people like they're harassing you and stalking you.
"Nothing in moderation!" - NICOLE MILANO
See you tonight, you know I will, you can't resist sampling some of our new menu items now on special. Oh, and we have drinks too.
You gotta Credit card?
my date for tonight is Sean Penn circa 1986 on Netflix.
you have to be one of the slowest people i've ever met. omg.
THE NEW YORK GIANTS HAVE WON SUPER BOWL XLVI!
Well I guess we can't sweep everyone...
I'm reading one of them now: Alice Kaplan's French Lessons.
Break your tryptophan coma with one of our shows! Tonight and Saturday, 8 and 10pm!
Looking forward to hearing more as #thatcamp +/or similar panels (unpanels a la unconf?) dev for AAS
Sorry but have you seen me in the morning
TRAFFIC: Moving Lane Closures - WB Belt btwn Todd Dr & Seminole Hwy, starting at Noon
street bke kayak bed iphone macbook books on dreamweaver and business a bookcase to keep my books in nu shoes haircut time off wrk
you're a turd
OH: "No. Ignorance is good!"
for sure
baby pink lipstick w no earrings
who exactly are you trying to reach out to?
Shout out to kyle lee just did his verse at the Cham and Zero show!
This summer, Philly schools lost $530 per student in the PA budget while richer districts lost less than $20 per student
About to head out for #4squareday and a retirement party.
$240 for underwear? Really?
#kids Spring Spectacular Carnival: Spring Spectacular Carnival from Saturday, May 12, 2012 at 12:00 PM to Saturday, May 12, 2012 at 4:00...
One day Chuck Norris peed in someones gas tank. That car is now Optimus Prime.
Jumped 17'1" in New York. Heading south in the AM
The Dolphins were DETERMINED to get a QB with a neck injury... It took a couple of tries, but mission accomplished!
Does your new 3 to 8 year old line include any new Cow Print gear?
just shaved 15 minutes off best time for a walk to the post office! :)
We have a wine super star who is going to speak at the conference, we'll announce it very soon!
the only toy I got for you is this dingo (y)
Bout to get off in like 15 mins dam it was a good ass day in my hbk voice lol first day was great time for a hot bath and dinner
Please! Follow me!
you know what's up!
Thank you for the follow as well.
I had a weak moment last night and bought ice cream. This is a problem because I'm lactose intolerant.
love movies! Look forward to your tweets.
falen come party in e town for st patties day haha and bring that stud steve o
OH NO
-looks at you then to the sky-
Agree it must change on the political side too. No argument there. That's why politicians must be leaders on the bully issue.
i do too *StoryofUs:)
A small candle can illuminate the entire room...
GOD IS GOOD, its great to c u being the role model many need! Keep up the aspirations for others! Hope to c u @ ROYLEWIS EVNT
RT When transportations collide: Ghetto MTA bus with hipster bike on rack smashes into rich woman's BMW. Sidewalk
Great 4th quarter efforts by James & Wade today. Lebron looked like he did in Pistons series when he advanced to finals with Cavs.
Yes, I am that person who watches the Olympic marathon trials and cries at the end.
Wow…that's awesome! Depending on how long I'm here, I was considering property in Pitt too. But your plan sounds sweet!
$4 Double Bacardis tonight. You know you want it.
WOW!! That's some serious mileage! Can't wait to see the pix. Thanx for the Mom's Day well wishes :))))
Dinner tomorrow night with my SSGT nephew before redeployment. So excited.
i luvvv u;)
And now he will be on the 15 day DL
Just saw Sweet Muse on the Rachel Ray show as the "Snack of the Day". That was fun. Now, time to get back to work.
Seniors are also comforted and feel at ease knowing that a caring,experienced caregiver will be there to assist any time, day or night
You're the one to talk? Definitely hit you up on gchat with no response back. What's up?
Thank for the props!
Wtf is up motherfuckers its Winds of Plague on some 2008 shit!
#buriedlife basketball with Obama . so much for that idea.
i LOVE that dude is hilarious son!
dirty i hate you so much.
sectional prelims tonight! i'm pumped!
Friend's son Matt Williams is swimming the English channel today; raising funds for SOS Children's Villages.
Welcome everybody:)
Essentially. I finished my coursework last week. Have a 1-unit pass/fail thing next month. Degree'd officially in Aug.
your an amazng person. i look up to you everyday and not just because im short lol. love u diggy
Ready for some more spring ball with my BLUE DEVILS! #awwwwwright!
I'm buying you a hula hoop
nope its jus a really good chool
RT Happiest of birthdays to Harry Glickman. Without him, we wouldn't have the
:) RT Hridi thanks for the follow. nice to see you girls doing some real rock n' roll music. all the best wishes x
Happy Holidays from the creators of "The Raging Bells"!
Ugh!! I think I celebrated too hard on Quatro de Mayo last night!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C> oops!
Friends who are phony and fake aren't your real friends follow me and I will def follow u rite back
damn... that's out my way. That would of been a twitter party!!
I can almost hear Gus with his "ah-haaaawwwww" at the top of his lungs for a 90th min goal.
Nice lady offered me her seat on the train today... Crap... Must lose weight.
Robert Kennedy Jr. is an odd looking fellow. That is all.
Approaching my 1,000th tweet. I feel like I should say something really important, but WHAT?!
Lezzzgooo - RT Just found out I've got Saturday 5/26 off. Think I'll go to for
Thanks the artists that we get to work with. Their great talents make great tunes possible!
Awesome went to bed early and still tired
Seriously can't believe we went out for 2 years. 2 freakin years of putting up with your shit.
i need to buy a new hair straightener. mines had way to many drops these past couple years lol.
aye bro do you know any singers bro??
Thank you for coming out!
Yes, that seems like something I'd be interested in thinking about.
Approve of my new avatar pic? Or?
Thank you for the RT on that powerful video. Glad ya liked it!
IM SO JEALOUS SKDOWNSJKSJSHXXJKAKDKA
Meet Mrs. Kanye West: “Until he says I’m CRAZY, I’m going to keep on going!” [VIDEO] -
Thanks Keith for the RT and Happy New year for you!
EDC -Mayor Lerner discussing co-op w/ sister cities on planning US1.Mayors Lerner & MacDougle have taken the lead on regional protection
Wow. Not even a close call.
"What a lovely singing voice you must have."
Wat happened 2 center st russ?
I would only succumb to the idiocy of being on the #Bachelorette or a contestant on the Bachelor because it would mean I could travel.
I started counting up all of ways this week has sucked & found myself subconsciously curling into the fetal position.
Me and think were so perfect, but were really just annoying.
The free and open source of job posts for veterans www.PurplePlacement.com
She had a point tho
other than Riesling or Rose, best drink on 90 degree Chitown day has got to be beer! Dogfish Head 60 & a slice of lime. ahh just the ticket!
Courage is the discovery that you may not win, and trying when you know you can lose ~ Tom Krause
RT : Huge thanks to early followers !
if you're not following , well then, you haven't experienced life. Go follow her(:
MT : We're excited to announce partnership w/the on a new book about the IU basketball team!
thanks for the RT!
i really hope that didn't just happen
"What is possibble will generally exceed what audiences can accept" M. Jensen (NAS) on e-pub
TamicaSarault40 thanks for following me on Twitter!
I'm thinking some tones today... oh yeah! :D
Raza Jaffrey, who you may recognize from Smash, will take on the role of Billy Flynn in London's CHICAGO this summer.
RT : Check out the Hassayampa Inn Leap Year Sweepstakes for a chance to win A 2 night stay & breakfast each morning....
i hope class is great.
Exactly. In which work is defined as initiating the use of electricity / starting a fire.
I can't think of a clever rebuttal to that except Go Tigers! (The ones without the white fuzzy beard)
(2/2) for teams from their hometown area. Will take time and DC in unique situation being HQ of Govt. My .02
I will take you out driving this weekend :)!
watchin blade 1. wesley goes hard
“Refuse to be average. Let your heart soar as high as it will.”
Have a good shoot today, A L A N A!! We hear there's a manicurist on set...
Need a faithful girl
RT : It's still early on CNN, but words have opened up a big lead over information.
No cart at Marquette today. Stupid rain. Although, Direct Supply employees can find us in the break room for lunch like every Wednesday!
“Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions.” <U+2015> Dalai Lama XIV
Volleyball cancelled = lazy night of listening to the rain
Me and look like the american flag;)
GOOD LOOKS REAL NIGGA SALUTE
I have spent almost everyday at the barns and noble.
No, thank you. I don't need another heartless misery.
I'm weighing on at 185 these days I'll knock that faggot out
Thanks for coming out today to show your support. Hope we made a good first impression.
And just like that we lost a great man today
Wrong for me to think my boss is hot?
It's .. kind of made CSS exciting again
Shut up everyone....
make it 15
The seniors are revolting and the office hates them and it's hilarious.
Businesses now have the power to leverage the Internet -- search engines, blogs, social media -- to reach customers more effectively
haha and he looked high as hell!
can really help with business networking...
Why don't we sue our banks when we don't have enough to cover a check? That lawsuit against twitter is such BS! Joshua Meggitt is a loser!!!
Ready for patio weather on the canal! Lunches begin on Saturday April 16th! Yes! This Saturday!
Thanks to krisha bullock casting today!
Happy Birthday!
OFF TO DA BOTTOM OF ZE OCEAN
agreed. they knew that when they hired him. or at least should have.
K-9 club update: autism/aspergers teen social skills, shared story about cool idea, signed daughter up, stared today, she loved it!
chillin in lynn whats good wit u
that's the same refund you get for rain on vacations, right?
Impress yourself before you try to impress the next man..
Why do white boys around here carry knives with them? I don't think its necessary.
thanks for the RT.
The question for me is what did you order to drink...slush, diet cherry coke, ocean water or shake?!?
Soulja Girl on Train! =
your fucking disgusting if you dont wash your hands after taking a shit
Other way was and and is to use software to scan ALL Craigs sites for key gigs. When they pop up, have personal canned response.
IM SO JELLY AH
Hard like geometry #Trigonometry! This is crazy #Psychology!
Still running Flow at ETA in Chicago
I think it'd be punny... #imlameRT : is it a bad pun if I saw: Sweet !
Late May, contingent on construction. Have you talked to a membership advisor yet?
Idea for new game show: Are You Smarter than Your Cell Phone? (all rights reserved)
FB pages shouldn't be posting 5x a day, period. But 5x in one day and it's not even 2:30 p.m.?
My goal is to make AT LEAST one person happy each & every day.. and that includes myself.
Partly due to not hearing Katniss' thoughts (which I wouldn't have wanted to hear through voiceover), and partly due to changes from book.
they grow up so fast I can't believe she is already driving herself to C-bus LOL
What I wouldn't give for coffee delivery right now. :|
No love for David Robinson, the best collegiate shot blocker of the past 30 years?
Yeah, I don't normally watch, but I'm living at home again, and my mom watches it. This season's been full of voter mistakes.
I love u pretty. Ok! Ill txt u later
If basketball players concentrated the way MLB pitchers and Batters do, there would be more Kobe's and MJ's
At place playing mw3 chilling with the shisha
so funny!
Dear Andrew Bynum. Shut up and don't ever say that closing out games are easy. It's never over till it's over.
gimme your digits. I must have a serious talk with your father about parenting and life
followed! Follow back?
I laugh at ppl that have so much hate for their ex & they only been broke up for a week & was together for a month lmao at u!!!
Gathering the troops to storm the state of the art dungeon but no one yet knows that both Taylor and Kimmie are gone!
I'm still in a sleep induced haze trying to understand this tweet string.
Dre just broke Paul Pierces ankles
I need to look into those.
morning DREAMERS!!!
hmm.. u need to add me as your twifey
When she pull on my dreads while i eat her >>>>>>
Applied to #THATcamp SE. Glad to be getting my DH mind out of the isolation ward of rural Kentucky.
hey Adam-- we added it to our curated page on Kickstarter. Good luck!
I really love how Cody and the wanted are "mates";)
#MyWorstFears not living up to my potential.
Austin tonight!
As we say to our soldiers, "I thank you for your service."
you are going to win tomorrow u wanna know why? because #BELIEBERSGOHARD!
Hackoff is Funny as Hell, Better than Smackoff! Like American Idol Rejects...
RT : Wait. Im supposed to shave my legs? ;) Just feeding your CA sterotype, girls. >> ROFLOL
Agreed! RT : Disturbing lack of metrics in Track D. Craving measurements, data, before & after re: online marketing
No matter how important they say you are… They are lying
Hope you feel better!!
I'll be in Scottsdale tonight! Looks like the weather is scorching hot. Can't wait.
Yes!! RT : I'm SAG member for 32 years, and I just voted Yes.
I'm not DM-ing jack. I want everyone to know how shady he is. What's been good though?
Back to Japan for me and the little bro.... Not ready or this 11 hour plane ride <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096> See you at the end of the week Cali
That's fantastic. Our team is here to help when you need it!
thank you Timothy! Also thank you for following me! I will keep your walk with the Lord in my prayers! God bless! :)
Wow!!! I'm finally taking a 10 day vacation. See you All after the Caribbean Cruise. Bye!! TJ Harrington
my girl is the same way... She's a "facebooker", doesn't get twitter
Little one napping. Curled on the couch with my daughter, reading. A great Sunday!
Our prayers go out to our fearless leader who is going into emergency surgery within the hour to fix a detached retina.
You gotta tell him! He only listens to the fans! :-) XO
Register and get invited to Beer-Con’s exclusive Tap Haven with plus others
does mommy? :3
R.I.P. Donna Summers
Gettin ready for the new edition concert swag on deck so fresh and so clean clean
Must be a SUCKER. Not first.
Well, you're definitely working in the right industry for that! ;-)
"Losers sometimes win but cheaters can't."
@ First I use to care...But now I just Laugh! HA...HA...HA! L's Up!
Thanks for entering :) Ring size?
After watching Bobby Jindal I hope he the guy the Republicans put up against Obama in 2012. Obama with eat him up
our production is backed up for 2 weeks! thanks for your patience and !!
it's difficult to eat an apple when you're not aloud to make any noise. stupid crunchy apple..
Yep - got my tickets for Tuesday night!
Just watched that Ray Lewis pre-game speech to the Stanford players before their NIT game...I still have chills.
Have we mentioned that we're having a meet up tonight? Meet other entrepreneurs and hear what's new with MosaicHUB. See you at 7!
My favorite part of the job is the part where I send bills. Call me a jerk. :)
RT : Q4 What apps and tools do you recommend for Drive or other cloud services and why?
enough to go to the island to retrieve the footage.
after school I guess..
now we are going to get a monkey riding a bike winning the Presidents' Race.
RT Mike McCarthy: "Tramon Williams has a shoulder bruise, we'll have a further evaluation with Tramon on Wednesday."
if you have an iPhone get trapster... Helps avoid those things
it would be my luck that I'm flying out of Tampa right when you guys are flying in!
It's 25 cent weekend at Diversity Thrift! Select yellow tagged items are only 25 cents!!
Thanks for the follow, Tony. I've got family outside #Morgantown. Used to luv spending time down that way.
LIKE THIS GROUP AND TELL YOUR FRIENDS! I Want DMSC in the Firehouse
I think you and I need to put a gumbo date on the calendar. I haven't seen you at all since you've been back!
Rule #3 Never Trust Nobody! Ya moms would set that ass up properly gassed up. Hoodie and masked up for the fast bucks
yes ma'am
No<U+2754><U+2754> what is it. Poop hand caterpillar?
the district says hi!
Standing in between two ppl that both have their music BLASTING thru their headphones!
All I can do is...lol
"It's not that easy being green." Listening to Kermit while auditing avocado content. A theme!
Watching "The Rise and Fall of Tiger Woods" on MSNBC. Excellent! Check it out.
are a whole lot of folks in nunneries,monasteries,kibbutzes,Amishfarms,etc ad nauseum that wld disagree
Is anyone able to play mw2 on ps3 or is it just me?
fill this day with greatness...
Help her out she wants to get 80,000 followers before she dies! follow
or is MidwestMahomies already taken?
Past 24 hours: Rode a plane through a windstorm, then saw a Busby Berkeley movie. Turns out the 2nd is more vertigo inducing than the 1st.
the day Ariana, Before you exit & Action item replied/retweeted you
thank you :)
Wish me luck people going job hunting
Oh btw, come follow a pimp!
You guys write some great articles!
Tickets for this Saturday's Smooth Jazz Under the Stars are selling fast, stop by BullFish to purchase yours before it sells out.
follow back love
Why do I feel like Biron is moving in slow motion!?!?...2 goals on 5 shots?...horrible.
Sweet! Go BEP!
And why it's not in anyone's best interest to be fat. And why we've got to stop stereotyping. :)
I use to be a 0 now I'm everybody's hero
fingers crossed!
Steve blake doesn't look like he should be playing basketball...but at the same time he looks like one of my basketball coaches
it's gone rain... and when it rain, it's gone rain hard as fuck!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A6><U+2614>
Let's go Rodgers!
My timeline ain't talking bout nothing besides sex. I guess it really is Friday!
Filming a Doritos commercial and getting airbrushed right now. Cool.
"What happens in Vegas at one time stayed in Vegas-what happens at prom today surely ends up on Facebook...& I will see it."
No, i bought the whole thing as a complete
Getting ready for Marathon Monday! It's great living in Boston!
did you miss me?
“Everybody gets so much information all day long that they lose their common sense.” – Gertrude Stein
Why do the #Badgers always have to lose in such dramatic fashion?
Hey, could you tell your followers to follow & talk to me, Pweassee? (':
7 hour class in the morning!
u really should be
How do you spell Nelson's laugh?
I love rain.<U+E04B><U+E00E><U+E32A>
"Some say crying is a weakness, the truth is... it is simply caring and that is never a weakness, but a strength"
#nodisrespect #1mancomment..but why Erica got ah fatty..lol..#henessy.. ...always looking out for ur peeps..thanks x
I've never wanted anything more than I want believe tickets. seriously. omg.
I don't get why people just stand there on escalators.
thanks :) xo
oh happy day!
Pregnancy test in the girls bathroom....super cool
That's because we have the best customers! Thanks.
RT : "There is no greater battle than the battle to delight in God above all else." - John Piper
: thanks! I'm still laughing about it. A woman said it to me today in reference to be being from WI.
So sweet, thank you!
Occupy GSU "litterbug"- Went to Grady, spent the night in jail, then when appeard in court had all of his charges dropped.
Unfortunately, the Senators in Kentucky (both parties), do not have enough faith in the people!!!
SNOW - After shooting a scene with actor Claudio Brovedani Nuti, writer/director Saba has added a new scene to the movie. More fun but work.
I'm meeting some1 for coffee Friday morning but I can't have coffee. because it's not in the budget
stupid......why not just be straight up w/ him and ask? :P
Longest month evah.
Lots of Spurs fans there?
If I ever receive a big honor, I'll be the opposite of humbled. Proud. Ego'd!
u better not have jinxed us by picking Pack in against the grain!
I can't bring myself to buy honey that's not in a honey bear.
#Weather Bluefield, West Virginia Weather :: 48F FAIR
Well it is Friday! :) RT : Getting more and more tempted to leave work early! I wanna be a cool kid!
OK, so I know I'm a Personal Trainer which means I'm supposed to have rock hard abs and blahblahblah, but I'm really feelin !
That'd be an interesting question. But would they say documents proving the docs don't exist are missing too?
#TeamEllaBee in Dallas for #MediaSummit with client Gonna be a great year!!
of all the things your mother tAUGHT you; the one I like the most is the man you have become. You are a very special MAN
hope you like it :)
Fuck my CA, and fuck the dorms & it's rules & shit, so thankful I'll be in my own apartment next year.
#ESPN doesn't even cut away from boring Favre taped news conference to break Lee to #Phillies news, shows graphic at the top of the screen
1. Look up the definition of amortization. 2. Transaction costs of tweeting.
It is just a little trick of the trade to play up white eggs. [1944]
I stay away from "delay" when I can b/c ins cos don't like to reimburse for services for delays. I feel like it's a game sometimes
like seriously tho...
“: Looks like fun ” yo, they snappin. Bass (old man) player keeps hoppin around the stage.
you going to the game tomorrow?
SquE-Z in the new year! Get your health kick going by being healthy and using a SquE-Z on every drink!
meet me in outer space we could watch earth rise<3
#WhenIWasLittle - The best disney shows were Doug & Recess & The Weekenders.
"Sighs" I'm sorry! At least summer break is almost here! We have God on our side though. I'll pray that next year is...
Racing to abs class !!
Last up: Katherine Lennard (American Civilization, Uni Michigan Ann Arbor)
Do you see the UFC ever coming to Florida again. Your bringing the experience everywhere and we would hate to be left out.
“: RT : nigga look like a swole crack baby version of Chris Rock”~~~is that possible?
Spiritual is getting the connections of interdependicies wherein we fail or succeed together
Ozzie: pierce a one-cut runner, fits the system.
hahaha i know. He was acting pretty high haha
The principal is a pedophile. He sexually touches the girls and they let him touch there asses. HAHAHAHAHAH. he's a fuckin pedo.
Living alone doesn't mean you're single.
:) RT : #UCLA announces hiring of AD Mike Garrett and HC Paul Hackett. Concedes that #USC's worst is better than UCLA's best
I'll take a bottle of your eggnog....um, better make that 5 bottles. For me.
Best 6th period today. Talked about the #AmandaShow BRINGING IT BACK!!
What a great day to be a Wisconsinite
Shopping with mom :)
Just finished my last feature film Violet...
We bout to jump in the jungle
Our Libraries for Sustainability Webinar series part 2 for today has 109 people signed up - international too! Woot!
welcome back :). The Cliff is as boring as ever
so is sophie.. a dog?
Great way to start the day! RT : Went in for a morning coffee and leaving with a breakfast panini too!
I just realized that I really have trust issues, as much as I think I don't...I truly do!!
Gretna fest , a nice thing.
did u forget the #AUSTREAM every friday? You're too busy :(
she said I didn't go to the nurse when she gave me a pass for it when I did &wrote a referral -_-
Other Panthers that will make the list along with Kalil: Cam Newton and Steve Smith
Everyday I’m shuffelin
Hey guys, we're organizing a US-made menswear pop-up in Baltimore, April 28. Who can we talk to about getting some coverage?
maybe a panel looking at at it from multiple perspectives? sounds a little heady for TxLA, but def worth exploring
Negore looked at it shortly and carelessly
C'mon ESPN ": Seriously? RT Which is a better day for football fans: #NFLDRAFT day or start of #CollegeFootball Season?”
One day until OSU - Michigan ... here's a trivia question for you. How do you get a Michigan grad off your front porch? Pay for the pizza.
So that's how you have a pleasant #SXSW. Don't take the 15 gigs that don't pay and avoid downtown as much as possible. Brilliant.
Mr Streets Productions - Latin Music & Atrist Development - Jingles -Videos Models, New York , Miami , San Fransisco
I love that band. You should listen their songs "reason for the world" and "broken girl". Both are great!
whoa that looks like ur saying it to me...smh lol
I always tell people that twitter is not for everyone. Seeing as how many friends start accounts and don't continue tells me I'm right.
Bastard referee, I want to punch him in the stomach.
Brust does what he does best, nails a three. #Badgers regain lead, 20-18
Thanks for sharing!
just left the mall x: going to go buy taco bell c:
I'm so mad at you!
please do!!! We should all get together for a drink or something! Let me know in advance in case any events happening!
You got this, go for it!
As a waiter I worked for a lot of managers. Now I always try to be the mgr I would've wanted to work for. I now have the best crew ever!
*clears throat* ..Bullshit!.
Walking through Washington Square Park when Empire State of Mind came on shuffle!
Thank you :D
That's fine. Your point is well taken by all 5 viewers.
so sweet and gorgeous
#indieview Thanks! Some very interesting points were made today..
I thought about partying tonight, but I took my sis out instead
In Miami! ": Bottle service all night ... Fo free? I think so.”
These late nights alone aren't good for me :/
RT Republican-appointed Supreme Court justices: They'll get the government off of our backs. And into our anuses.
Hate to hear TO/Mothers of his children are on Dr Phil talking about their problems. Should be handled in private, children involved.
- How do you have almost 12,000 tweets? Crazy sauce.
I was the 554th voter, just now, at Schenk Elementary School.
fer sure maybe,fer sure not,fer sure eh,fer sure bomb*
Just found out has a twitter, life just got so much better now, ugh omg I LOVE you!!!!
See what you mean! Am happy to discuss - how wud that work? I just set up a new account & start again? & what are we talking $?
#Zappos family core value #2 _ Embrace and drive change.
We confess to little faults only to persuade ourselves that we have no great ones
If I wasn't going thru so much at this time my reply would have been a whole lot different
your singing is amazing & you are an awesome actor! plus you are really cute! You probably won't see this though...
whose lead off?
I'm getting 9 miles per gallon in my new car...this is stupid.
Where do you dream of studying abroad?
I rather have tried and failed then never have tried and have regrets until I die.
many thanks and thanks for your early support of BENT ROAD
;) Love us some
In a sombrero! #cincodemayo RT : BREAKING: President Obama will kick off his re-election campaign by hosting a rally at VCU May 5
m... yum! Is that place good? I've always wanted to try restaurants on that street.
thanks, we are excited to open as well! We are located at 953 W Diversey (& Sheffield) at the Brown Line stop. See you in May!
Congratulations to all the Oscar Winners tonight!
rod Stewart some guys have all the luck was just on the radio thought of u
How do you feel about the success your fans have brought you?
"I don't know what just came over me. I just really wanted to clap my hands fast." #what??
Why do you follow me?
Chris Bosio Jersey? :)
Happy Earth Day, everyone!
Decided on hot chocolate. I need my fix because banned me from making it in the office.
My sleeping habits are such a problem. WIDE AWAKE.
If you smoke weed probably shouldn't post all over Facebook and Twitter for your boss to see. just sayin.
Four school days...
wow, congrats!
I would love an invite to Google Wave
Guess I have to wait for Saturday to pay my respects- feel better RT ": the homie got the flu"
So..the Thunder are good.
I'm excited (:
Today is a day that I hate everyone and everything.
"Ridiculousness" with is the best show on television.
RT : Chuck Norris was born May 6,1945. The Nazis surrendered May 7, 1945. Coincidence? I think not.
Make sure there's enough left to drink!
RT : Listening to SurfAir present at #DemoLA. Amazing concept and model, backed by some heavy weight players.
Luxe Life Channel Woodford Reserve Up in a rocks glass Beautiful People Everywhere in Flatiron even in the snow
PickUpLine: I'm scared of getting pregnant, so do you want to go up to my room & test out all of my condoms?
It used to me and u and now its me u and dem
of course why not <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Rent a truck from Zip-Car for an hour or two.. It's only ~$7
Alright it's May, where are the damn tour dates!
Going to rewrite! This is where the rubber meets the road.
"Ever tried. Ever failed. No matter. Try Again. Fail again. Fail better.” - Beckett
LSU fan suing Alabama fan for acts after BCS National ...
What?! Is that supposed to be for real? Because I'm pretty sure that's the funniest article from The Onion I've ever read.
A good sales question is - What has changed since we last met?
"We should be taught not to wait for inspiration to start a thing. Action always generates inspiration. Inspiration seldom generates actio
SVU finally starts back this week!
My brother went to UK and is totally convinced Cal will screw this up
Breaking News: Rays eliminated from MLB playoffs, dozens mourn.
Its ashamed that I can put my own freon in my car, I'm very talented, dnt need a man 2 do it, cause I CAN DO IT,yay mek,lol!!!!
RISE AND GRIND
or maybe pad thai and pre-mixed bellini's
no fair! we had some freezing rain last night.. some folks in the area had some snow.. I miss snow!
I bet danced alongside Parker for the entire halftime.
Hair done, lashes done, everything done
On the other hand, OBL captured, Mubarak stepped down, rest of Mid East ready for changes, Japan quake, etc.
.'s 5 new cargo vans supplant BMW 328xi as most expensive hourly rentals: $15.75 for 60 minutes.
I love her too I love her new cd.
A walk around the Madison Farmers Market followed by Family Yoga GREAT Saturday. Off to watch ballet recital.
Cinema Breakdown in 140: King's Speech & True Grit huge but Little Fockers #1. Vacationing folks catching up on Harry Potter & Tangled!
Show appreciation to your web browser by visiting www.tournamentscoop.com Have all the fun u want!!!
Gladiator Games > me.
Oh. I guess you haven't been to Alhambra until lately? That's the new China Town, bro. Following that is San Gabriel.
At IAC's today..beautiful building I must say.
"Truth is Truth" - When we tolerate half-Truths, we all lose;"
Retweeting has got to be the best thing since fireworks
Talk to your #donors. What are their aspirations for your #nonprofit? #Contributions will follow.
That #awkward moment when someone turns down the radio in the car and you are still singing it loud and proud
Its just something about his swagg n personality that catches my eye ;)
haha yeah ;p & me to ! i can't wait to party with you bb (;
absolutely! I'd b more than happy to have you! The morning is a challenge too so be prepared for action!
you and your man can be like sam and ronnie lol. And I'll be vinny. But I only like white girls with big ol booties
NO RT : Hot Chocolate Fudge Cake with Vanilla Ice Cream. do I need to say anything else :)
I hate my Spanish class. I can't wait to be free of foreign language next year.
Have they recently?
This weekend its goin down.... PARTY PARTY PARTY!!!!! :)
Thank you, thank you, thank you!! xoxoxo
Evidently hockey stick graphs are required for all YC Demo Day presentations :-)
Shout out to for being so awesome
So sad I'm out of town this week & missing the Irish cream cupcake! Sounds amazing.
you and me both!
don't call me a hipster...that term is way too mainstream for me...
#SaySomethin was awesome! I really liked it, it's such an amazing song!! :)
Just finished killing some zombies and now listening to Crystal Castles=Algebra 2 Class c:
I swear it look like new york given up.
Visit Arizona SpaGirls to get the latest in AZ spa specials, including our hibiscus facail. Thanks, Lisa!
#10prettypeopleIFollow it's actually really hard to choose ONLY ten...
Gotta love SEMO senior SS Kenton Parmley: had a 47 gm hit streak end last w'end
Added pumpkin to my chili...it was good
Very enjoyable discussion last night in which we tried to determine how the scenarios Alanis Morisettes 90s classic could be truly 'ironic'
Oh hey ;) cum here often.
stay safe beautiful!
On train back home from dc where I just served on an NEH grant review panel. A great experience--lotsa work but learned a ton.
All you do is bullshit!!!
I am so happy my children's school books will be arriving by next week. I so love homeschooling my babies. = )
u mean whole paycheck?
what's a few whores when you've been fucking a country for decades?
Hello from Dallas!
If you sweet talk them enough, they should replace it for free.. just make sure you seem like you know what youre talking about
10-9 #Nighthawks lead with 6 minutes left in the second quarter.
Don't forget to follow me on Twitter!!!! ;)
Spring break here i come in a hour & 5 min
Thrilled to find you here- my old friend from Mintwood Pl.!! You and Calhoun :) Stay in touch :)
TODAY IS MY BIRTHDAY! Can you follow me and maybe a shout out? :)
hahahaha I'm sure we are in the same boat
He was perfect last year!
Please stay tuned for the announcement of our 6 semi-finalists in the #NYintern Project later this afternoon!
RT : I hate being alone. I keep u company
If the nations will fail to abolish war, war will never fail to abolish the nations.
as good as it gets. Drank some Bill Downie Mornington Pinot tonight
we left at 6th. You?
Shall wait for pilates,,,,so tired tho
Thinking of new away to get it in i gotta keep some cash $$flow!!!:-)
what's happening?
I've been trying for a reply for weeks now so please answer this one question: what's your fav color(s)?PLEASE REPLY!!
The DEA has made it a crime to possess or sell the chemicals used in K2 for 1 year starting March 1, 2011
#IfITellYou anything about me, feel special because I don't open up to many people.
apparently its a big thing.
im a #TeamJacob fan. and i went to see New Moon opening night, and there was like a 3hour wait. so, i'm not doing that again :D
TF Its been like this all day. What is going on interact? why dont you like me
I love when reporters tell you newsroom gossip like it's going in the paper. "According to multiple sources ..."
Hey! How are you all doing out there? I'm out here looking at some good companies and came across you! Be well!
Please do because that would mean you'd have to come over to get it...
(PEACEPEACE) pot or not (PEACEPEACE) vote
In a thesis defense w/ & English lit student wrote about narrative & conflict in games. Huge nerd fest. ^_^
Is the Wi-Fi in park working? I'd like to get some work done outside. Got a bunch of emails to send regarding
checkin out the API. What are minimum iOS requirements for apps to use?
Texas womens University there I go!!!!
You know it. Bright and early!
Love Richard Gere in 'Shall we dance!
We Look Up To Them, They Look Up To Us, They Lust For Trim We Lust For Trust..
FOLLOW MIRANDA!
You'd think so, huh? lol! Maybe in a perfect world.
#AGCZ is on the move and should keep on going through out the week.
It's a great book!! RT Got this book and can't put it down. twitpic.com/6kviur
I was thinking the same thing! however, my mom did say everyone has a special gift!
Well written, how can you help you?
Ready for Monday but then I am not
The biggest thing about me is my brain.
BIG FOOT!!
RT : I always recommend your products at all my career workshops/sessions.
Oh my, and photographer have seen everything on today's live shots, rain, low clouds, wind, hail and now snow.
I love my coaches! <3 Gomez Josh
stormy day here. powers been knocked out twice. will b a long day.
Can't wait for next Monday. #apartment #deuces <U+270C>
I'm more than terrified to into high school.
What My Wich comes in dif sizes now? ....Word!
Tell it to his secret ear.
I can't say enough about this lady you guys. She genuinely wants to help so listen.
Thanks to all our fans for coming out to our bout today. You're our sweethearts! Hope to see yinz at our Season Opener: March 17
"I'm coming back." - Mariano Rivera
omg I want boots! Thank you
oh this week just gets better and better
Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant. -Robert Louis Stevenson
love thelma! she's the reason i got into the biz, & no work is the reason I got out. now i'm a journo! ha!
Dwarf-Toss leagues now forming.
Wasn't the whole facebook timeline mandatory switch supposed to happen today? Not that I'm complaining...
don't forget little old me!
GOP, Perry, Romney economics are "race to the bottom" economics. Low wage, low skill and low return and ultimately low growth.
Scott Berkun The leaders who work most effectively, it seems to me, never say <U+FFFD>I
This day fucking sucks... just saying.
Conclusion: Reading is good. For reading, access to books is essential: "libraries, libraries, libraries, libraries" -Krashen
I thought you were talking instagram: LOI=laughing on investment..
Watching the boogeyman creep as fuck
Agreed. Can definitely lead to moisture issues if not done correctly. Always use a contractor with old house experience!
good effort :)
Understanding human needs is half the job of meeting them
Traveling to Creating Change to talk about SJS data! :)
Gotta love that ignorant shit!
Thnx for the follow!
its got moxy!
Anyone putting "intimacy strength" into Luminate CRM?
Time for an upgrade!Love the Android Market/Google Play but can not stand the speed/fail of my old phone. #iPhone or #Suggestions??
Prosecution is currently impeaching the heck out of Nicole Alvarez. Turn your televisions on, IT'S GETTING GOOD!
RT Very wrapped up in reading the amazing menu at - so many delicious options!
Me & had a great time with our beautiful daughter for her thanksgiving lunch. Time is flying gotta cherish these moments!
yep, your meeting now. I'm stuck on a rig in Bakersfield, hope to be home by at least Easter morning. Then off to another rig Mon.
TIME for PAT BUCHANAN to come out of the closet and ADMIT he is a RACIST. The viewers know. TIME for PAT BUCHANAN to admit to it. NLD Mom
ya! Are u watching for first time?
I think more games should make you press every button on the controller simultaneously.
yes membership is discounted $5 until the puck drops on opening night. Still just $10 per person. Join online JacketBackers.org
What's up with QR codes that direct people to non-mobile versions of web sites? That is just pure silliness.
no it's not sorry. Nice try though
Mornin'! Rainy Days & Mondays! :)
Ugh. Even the trailers for Titanic make me cry.
Sigh. I really do hate weekends. Always have.
#IThankGod all the little things that I sometimes over look
I think mcnabb and his coach r going to get fired.
On our to San Antonio.. Great job Clippers -- made us proud!!
YES,, I AM WATCHING THE SUPERBOWL!!! ME TOO.. I LIKE HER.. MAYBE I WILL SEE JB
Sigh... I can't believe I'm saying this, but Go Tarheels. Please let me have ONE Final Four team right.
If a snack is opened in the woods and no one is around to eat it, is it still dangerous?
“: #1DQuotes "Do you prefer a fan or Megan Fox?" Zayn: "A fan. Nothing is worth more than a fan."” THIS CANT BE POSSIBLE.
I love you You're my inspiration
. I have a friend whose infant child was forced to undergo a strip search by TSA because of his Arabic name.
Today would have been Richie Valens birthday. Always makes me sad for Donna. Seize the day, you never know what tomorrow brings.
nice I cant wait to do it :-)
Daaayyyyyummm Bubba may have just sealed it up!!!
The #gallery is open til five tonight! Come check it out in get some hot cocoa !
That is the worst excuse I've ever heard. Followed closely by Capello's there was something wrong in training i don't know what
Okay, who got me sick? Now I got a raspy ass voice.
life. Hold me!
"It's not all all beer and skittles out there" can't say I've heard that expression before.
I'm good, how bout you?
Put the day off to good use. Still in my pjs
Celebrate Earth Day Dallas!!
Those grant panels in May? Today the PEC reviews the recommendations made by the panelists, to be presented @ the June 30 Commission Mtg.
last I checked...Henry Aaron is still alive!!! Want to rethink the post "greatest living player?"
ayo son, lemme get dat. I mean...can I please have that track good sir?
To all who follow: don't be offended if we haven't followed you yet. We can only follow you when we reach 1,000 followers. Stay with us!
Final step. How did process feel? What new insights did you get?
Rook Lift Records Jazz Jam tonight hosted by 9pm The Falls Lounge 626 Spring St. Come hang and play
I don't know what chu talkin about. U got sex on yo mind.
it will get better I will keep him I my Prayers.
We're gonna be playin with four fantasmic bands on September 1st. Http://www.myspace.com/falsepositiveokc for details!!!!!
just show the video for boyfriend already! <3
really glad the documentation starts w/ "WTF is this?"
Upright Citizens Brigade tonight!
Just got Salad Reward Cards! Create your own #salad, buy 7 get 1 #FREE Make em count, come in & try our salad bar!
unfortunately I went back :(
Only around 10% of people who live near bigfoot, BELIEVE in bigfoot! Why? Took a trip & did a survey while looking for #Bigfoot movie ideas.
|_-|-. YOU WANT TO BOOK A PARTY FOR SATURDAY MATRIX.... TEXT ME 972 839 4921.--> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
if i had a dollar for every time you tweeted i would have 2346 dollars
Really? I'll try that :b
why not both!
ragdolls? Himalayans? sheared for the summer?
The Day Ahead: No Econ Data, MIP Grandfathering Rumors, and Greek PSI Delay
All high school players will want to see this game. The TOP SNR College Players from over 11 FL Colleges. The Battle of Florida
Writing more of my story I'm on page 12, I love writing
you love me<3
R.I.P Menciones ...
Of course, no problem! Thanks beautiful! Love ya too!
On my way to WVU for a weekend with I love you. See you soon.
Natalie Tran uploaded a video? Are you SURE we're in 2012?
I really really need a hug and a shoulder to cry on now.
Good Morning Twitches!!!
lolz. I miss you too. <U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094>
SQUIRT PRINTS
Hi Bonita, Merry Christmas and Happy New Year, and thanks for being a guest on The Christian Entrepreneur Show.
The #stopkony video at ~40 mil views - luv seeing the power of video combined w/ internet smarts making a diff in the world!
lol but everybody sucked except dameon
Listening to some old it always makes my day better.
oh ok cool! is definitely cool ppls
oh god I hope that doesn't exist... Id be number 1 creeper
Thanks for da shout :)!
Conference registration for the Chefs Confluence is now available. Early bird special for $149 and a culinary student rate of $99.
Yankees gonna sweep the O's
Just saw an ad for TIme-Life DVD collection of the complete Six Million Dollar Man. Can't resist Steve Austin (he was in my senior thesis)
Today in Blues History: Nov 20, 1955, Bo Diddley agreed to play "16 Tons" on the Ed Sullivan Show, but actually played "Bo Diddley" instead
you shuldnt have left bdubs so soon! it got a lot more interesting after you left :)
Ah, the good old "there should be one search that finds me everything I need"? Ours essentially said our services are irrelevant.
well? well?
continues to be my favorite/best bike shop in town
FOLLOW with a shot of tequila.
Thanks! :) If you ever find a use for it, I can easily create one for all AU publications (though will miss stuff not in Scopus)
I offer Swedish, Deep Tissue, Sports, and Medical massage, as well as body grooming -shave and scrub.
sounds perfect to me, Nina!
do you like it in the butt? haha had to
Bumping music
Oh, more to come indeed!
I Choose, by India Arie! Gets me going & motivated!
-- Hi Michelle. We want to add Wine & Roses Charity Wine Tasting to event listing. It's June 10. Who to contact?
Christian protesters at #reasonrally ignored designated area. They harass near stage. Yet they are safer than we would be at their rally.
"Why is there a chubby Jewish girl sobbing in the coffee shop?" :)
Oh, you're seeing it soon! You're going to love it!
Laughs. All I think of re: puff paint is having to peel my clothes apart after they came out of the dryer.
CHALLENGE: Go to your local library and check out a Newbery winner that you've never read before! Ready..... go!
because everyone has problems and mine are no more important than anyone elses. like thanks. that really hurt.
Pretty much 80's night at work... I love it!!
Yo when you coming back to chicago #HOPEFULLYSOON me and my baby is going to get the best seats there
follow back please :) <3
Hey tweets what's sweet today?
I have a sociology exam today that is going to kick my ass. Good luck!!
definitely next time. I should probably stay in and get work done. might have just been looking for excuse not to : )
#FF Shout out to a few of my fellow Meteorites:
Liam was very bouncy in that song.
no reason to be sorry if you're happy ;-)
The most common way people give up their power is by thinking they don't have any. - Alice Walker
you're an excellent singer with a great story! #keepyourheadheldhigh :)
which teams do you think will flaunt potent offense coupled with weak defense? We're just looking for points...
you complete me
=P what u mean
No better way to build a team than jacking together for 30 seconds right and ?
Why wait for the weekend to have fun..
Thank you! Happy to get to this point.
Thanks for the follow brother!
maybe it's not women, maybe it's just me
what a sweet thing to say. love YOU!! yes, we would definitely hang out all.the.time. and freestyle rap together.
RT Just starting to exercise? Don’t make the mistake of doing too much, too soon.
Whether part of a sandwich, a dinner roll or prepared as French toast, bread continues to be called the staff of life.
Having caffeine for the first time in forever.
#2000followers FOLLOW ME RIGHT NOW! AND I will follow you back HURRY!
I love being wid my bruthas .. just missing the crazy one !
I've got 2 jobs thanks, work 60 hours a week to pay salliemae for student loans. Bet you haven't worked that hard in your life
Campaigning with old friends in Campbellsville tonight. Stop on by if you're free. We'll be at Cafe Bonin (128 E. Main St) starting at 6:00.
#FF awesome actresses
Lawyer found in contempt in court of #SweetGenius . At least he knows love is everywhere.
your welcome!! Breakfast tomorrow!!! :)
I also got the DVD of all his classic videos from back in the day from my sis for X mas
For as much as she stumbled she's runnin', for as much as she runs she's still here
You are everything I want 'cause you are everything I'm not.
I HATE wen you ask someone something and they say yes..but wen its time to do it they got every FUCKIN excuse in the book.
High Performance Network Connectivity #CIO panel at #BostonSIM Forum
we missed you too! :) <3
I love T-Shirts
It's very important to put headset in a right location at first.Or you'll find unnecessary big pain of your ears after watching out a movie.
replace them all.
DOCG Vigna Sancol Prosecco is getting extra chilled today!! I foresee a couple bottles getting sabered this afternoon!
depends on what you're seeking. Apple = consistent. Android = flexible platform but w/quality varying per device
check out the Zoo this spring! RT : Spring Break Safari starts this week, with the fun continuing through the first week...
Don't go to Yelp for legitimate reviews. Companies can - and do - pay to have negative reviews removed.
So true balancing hormones is one of our 8 Steps to Aging Younger
Target Field?
Ha! So true. Was trying to cuddle one of mine this AM & rec'd big scratch for my efforts.
Yes! RT U were eaten by a grue RT Museums thinking @ adapting old sch D&D 4 an experience? What do u thnk?
friends get friends to listen to JADED
Q: If a motorcyclist runs into a woman, who is to blame? A: The motorcyclist is. He shouldn't have been riding in the kitchen?
We can hope! :) Thank you for the inspiration and encouragement. MUCH appreciated. Happy Wednesday!
oh come on offcourse not. I am always here if you would like to talk about anything. Purpose of my life is to inspire others :)
Arrivals everyday this week! As usual Luci brings you the hottest clothing from both coasts and abroad! XOXO!
Have fun at OLD NAVY today, Carolyn!!
What is wrong with the world
let me know we can hook it up. I have a bottle on ice.
great. See you soon.
So excited about the Foundation Benefit Dinner tonight at 7pm at FBC! Come and bring your friends/parents! $5 at the door!
It may seem surprising, but last season Tony Romo was 8th & David Garrard had the 9th ranked passer rating.
Baby did a bad, bad thing.
I'd feel a whole lot better with a couple more #Brewers runs this inning.
I know your name! Your name is unimportant to me... NP
just made a bet that Eloy Vargas will be in the NBA next year? Wow. Think he got roofied
Who thinks Lady Gaga should just lend Justin Bieber her balls?
somebody's a big Mahler fan?
inally!have time to spend w/ my family!but missed so much here!
. thanks for the RT!
Love your ideabook! If you're ever looking for wall art to include let me know, I represent and
Enjoyed watching movie King's Speech-great example of the power of coaching (voice coach, in this case) to get desired results
Having a brat at 2 in the morning.
#ItsABootyCallWhen She Text You Like "Can I Just Come Lay With You" <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F> Naked Huh? Ok Ok Come On Get Comfortable Lol
Jus walked into class with my teacher... We both late..
don't be a buzz kill.
MEE TOO AND LISTEN TO MASQUERADE TOO that one is also good i love both bonus tracks so glad i got deluxe !
you're going to make me cry. :(
Same! What are you listening to? :)
#FF My favorite people -
1 week until "Women of a Certain Age" closes. Come to reception 10/28 6-8PM to hear "From Hoops & Stays to Spandex & Spanx" lecture
hey apl! wassup man?? :D reply me please, don't ignore me ;)
At least the won today!
Everyday is mothers day
coming to TMCC tomorrow :D
Loved 's new favorite things song
Watching #ghostadventures :) perfect pre working at a pageant night. Hope all the girls are prep and ready they should follow
“: So disturbed by this episode. #Sad” when she is disturbed by something you know it is messed up.
what does this suppose to mean?
can't miss with a name like that!
Omg! I wanna be in a video, standing right next to
peeps ask me "why do you write more on some reviews than others?" if I'm intrigued or impressed im going 2 write lengthy positive experience
": Happy imma be playing Rb this year!" You know ima b coming down watching u set records for your conference in yards
did you unfollow?
My other acct is please click on it and hit follow,
One of the rabbits is in #LA this weekend!!
At gifted hands about to get my hair done
Imagine having access to information in your own language-important for those of languages w/fewer speakers.
i wonder where are all the #Villans are??
Nicki has good songs , but they just get old and played out. Just saying
oh my yes! As long as I can remember !!
trying to purchase #omeka plan but our admin can't use the googlecheckout #help!
Like the Three Amigos: if there is a platform, Angry Birds will be there.
"The best part of waking up, is Folgers® in your cup..." @ my own apartment! Only 1 Month 25 more days till Spenc is due!
love those labels!
#TwoThingsIWant To be happy when I'm home. And for the fighting to stop. </3
Really hate it when things fall through!
When momma says - "no birth control, no sex!" Poppa is going to think things over and decide real quick which side of argument he's on!
Final score 30-10. We'll get the #Locos in the rematch in Omaha on Oct. 15!
but you can certainly laugh at them! :D
thanks so much
i love You Mother Monster .!!!!! <3
Question of the morning, did I hose my Win 7 installation?
There is a man on the corner of 6th & congress selling roses. I think he was in a training class I facilitated... That or I fired him. Idk.
Happy birthday to the best poster duct-taper ever, the AGC intern Bo Katzakian!
Simply gorgeous out...Spring soon :)
Thank you!
Happy saturday!!!
RT Just don't talk to me ever. Thanks
HAPPY BIRTHDAY Mokey-Love!!!
All these haters hatin on me, but ion really care cuz they girls waitin on me.
We're a Residential, multifamily, and commercial firm. With over 200,000 families living in the homes we designed. See why people trust us
someone who loves me should bring me cheesefries!!
did you leave our fine state??
have a safe trip...
Thanks Leigh!
Bigger invasive government always says integrity to me ; ) May the best side win...
I just found it online, idk if I can find it again but if I do I'll send you the link? Yep it has :)
the neologism "roiphied" requires further contemplation
My tutor's coming soon. ugh I really don't want him coming anymore but him and my mom insist -_-
hey bro i havdnt talked to you in a while! I miss our convos!
lol ew. That song gives me a headache. haha
New to L&F Sentences:“Third party as third eye or just another moist slit, pursed lips for lobbyists to pass coins into with their tongues?”
some people never cease to amaze me.
Good to see you fam
Set up a tent in the camping department; tell others you'll only invite them in if they bring pillows from Bed and Bath
Honestly I'm Scared Of Tha Dark !
thanks for the mention and for sharing your link . :)
Good luck to you too!!!!!!! Congrats to us <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Quiet Sat. morning, french toast and the chatter of children. Wishing future paper writing would just disappear- POOF!
Where's that girl from GFS she was cute...
I totally think Jordis rocked that emotional or not
Act like a hoe & ima treat u like a hoe!
Lol why is your name not on your twitter Jose? Nah, thats not the motto haha
I'm going to have bad eyes because Im on my phone so much in the dark... This light is bright!
hahaha, good call on Henderson, I was thinking Williams too. But athlete and swag is Hendo all the way
1 hr to go.. It's cold af in these tents
Lunch shopping and pick up and drop off -twice- for #nutcracker rehearsal. Loving my town.
Confusing cause it shows up on my home page like I sent to the world.
you too. hay #FF to both of ya. it's only 2 hours away.
Miss my Girlfriend I rather be with her riqht now <3
I just want you to know that you deserve the best your beautiful<3
Idk, ppl here are convinced...
excited to hang with and today #girlsday :)
Hey Mone, Long time no talk to. Hope all is well.
God's plan is His power used in and through us. We must refuse to live a less than life.
Becoming increasingly harder to find class guests for ACC. Lots of former guests no longer playing SWTOR.
Good luck tonight my dude
#ItSeemsLike when I like someone, they don't like me but when THEY do, my feelings changes-__-
Awe! Well I'm happy that you're happy! :)
i had lots of fun (:
hey joel! do you remember me? it's been a really long time! We should talk again :D
why keep saying that
thought I already was. Haha.
“: Congrats to for raising over $1000 for charities this month. Rockin it.” Thanks Katie!
Very cool indeed. Though your own URL shortner is pretty nerdy...
Saint Peters cannot get the W. GC wins 3-2
please follow so we can DM you
any word on when you might get out?
Fager: Absolutely against paying license fees, etc. to sources to secure stories. CBS News will not do it.
HUGE Luxury 1BR in Heart of Midtown in New York City - sublet available on
RT : .: our project on digital privacy, security & freedom. Follow them for the latest news & updates.
I figured you for "meetings" all afternoon. on a patio. With a beer. and maybe a client, but that's negotiable.
Round 6 fails: (roseola), Midland Loan (cavernulous), State Street (aidant). still in!
Getting a little tired of #3D meaning all things to all marketers. Let's get a little more technical. We're a #stereo3D film company.
Shooting DREK tomorrow morning in #UnionSquare! :) This is going to be fun!
#Nails charged with #GTA? Say it ain't so,
Have a fantabulous weekend!!
Went back and hit the jump today, but decided to go fast enough this time.
I really miss my best friend. Why'd you have to be a cunt.
Looking for a great way to spend your Saturday night? Head to Los Cabos at the Legends and we'll get you taken care of!
RT : AJR63 to limit the right of recalls has passed. | Unbelievable, Cory
next week im going to buy 's shirt, i cant fucking wait!
Pizza for dinner
AH! I love you
The only real king I know is a guy named MJ. Not the crybaby king lol
Comdey store show, Day Nappy Fro show that is! Come see it!
Nothing is easy, but achieving is always possible. When you achieve something, impossible becomes nothing.
Had a good time out tho wit Corey.
Duke leads Michigan 34-22 in halftime.
My nephew is running around with my point and shoot camera. He's loving it.
Wireless is down at Holiday Inn French Quarter. At least I have my Droid so not totally cut off from the world. G'night.
Sen.Brown is soliciting ideas to reduce the price of gas. He starts with the idea that demand is down and supply is high. I think he's high.
Rihanna. My grandma can barely remember my name, what makes you think she knows yours?
Just heard the letter box lp in my living room. Sounds so nice!
I don't make mistakes, I date them.
News Silence following Williams's racial insult shows how little golf has changed The silence following Steve Williams's rac
I would like to think the Polish language comments on my blog are not spam. *sigh*
Charlotte bound...looking for housing...any suggestions Charlotteans?
Help out! Vote 4 them 2 win $5k to teach kids how to care 4 their pets refresheverything.com/pep Text ur vote! Text 106552 to 73774
How to Make a Dissolving Bikini as a Prank
ima leave that shit alone and just chill and text
Second Half ends, MLS All-Stars 0, Manchester United 4.
yep, whole system crapped out from it. 4 hours wasted (except for being able to sleep)
WHEN ARE YOU COMING TO FLORIDA?? PLEASE SAY! I'M YOUR BIGGEST FAN EVER! I LOVE YOU SO MUCH, YOUR MY IDOL<3333
Did you see his Twitter? He's definitely not coming back. Do you think he'll go to the NBA? Is Drake gonna be at BBM?
Sure it is - its ad copy. They aren't full sentences to begin with.
Maybe they've had too much to drink. Hey, it happens.
"May the be with you" doesn't seem to work quite as well.
anytime babe ;)
I got my Kindle copy at 1130pm last night. Great book. Loved it!!
Really enjoyed lunch today. Happy 1 year anniversary!
Building out taxonomies for crops & plants, soil & land, agronomy.
This seems really practical!
Great news everybody! Beauty blow out sale on HSN!
i might hire someone whose first email to the agency starts a meme.
You can't judge a book by its cover, but pretty sure I can judge a person by how/where they put their license plate renewal stickers...
Quick, Mary, change the subject! Before a bunch of hair salons with no interest in art start following you!
¿y no invitas?
In the spirit of the season, we wish you truly blissful holiday season. Breathe well!
With over 261 days, 10 hours and 30 minutes until the end of the world. I'm accepting all donations of money, homes & cars
Fly back to LA tomorrow :) :)
I just bought the sweetest winter coat! I love it!
ohh ya . We gone see Whassup. You been m.I.a
It used to be about the cool weird guys talking about mushrooms, man~
what is the best food to pair with dark beer?
to new york but I'm here now!
get a picture
morning folks
Started training for #mkelfmarathon this week. Speed work on Tuesday (4x800's) and Tempo run yesterday. So far so good ...
#TwSIG Should have an Avatar, but Twitter puts an A there. Increases credibility. Bio, very important because it's searchable
Thank you!
do u!
yeah these are cool saw them the other day
It's Friday the 13th... scary movie anyone?
Aww, this #fakeMAtowns #fakeMAtown thing is making me homesick. Does Worcester count? No one knows how to pronounce it so it's barely real.
's in the house. Why some jobs make u lose ur hair, why a cold bath cld be bettrr than brkfst & his secret wd comg up
What I notice in that chart is the correlation breakdown in '00-'01. They used to be right on top of each other.
oh ya and good morning all. what we thought was spring tricked us. it will soon be here, i hope. don't forget madeline forester party 4/10
how goes it for ya
for what?
"What do they have that we don't? Lives? Time? Boobs." funny bc it's true
sheep can now tweet : Lambstock upgrades: wifi in the sheep pastures, foundation for wood oven goes in the week. More to come.
you know what really grinds my gears? missing out on taco tuesdays at
I'll take it RT : USA defeats England, 1-1!!! Nice result, great start to
just google it. You will be able to pick your area from there
I'm so tired <U+E407>
Getting started on our next show, we need models, designers, musicians and artists of all kinds to come together!
Preconf meetup nearing an end. Heading out to
Saw daughters said I remind them of 2 characters in the movie & Jennifer Lewis's role *something 2 think abt*
why didn't i advertise the student advisory team on twitter/facebook until the day the applications are due
Some people come into your life as blessings, others come into your life as lessons
‘Love the Lord your God with all your heart and with all your soul and with all your mind.’
Im going to watch all your movies
what's up Dallas? whats going on tonight?
Franny D grom The Dirges playing at the Piano Bar tue may 8th , 9pm w/ Melyssa Marie. See ya there
You must not only aim right, but draw the bow with all your might. - Henry David Thoreau
" So, so happy for you, friend! #enjoyit" - thank u friend!!
I wish I was cool and like right when I tweeted something I get like 10
One door closes and another one opens:-) Congrats!
Oh my god!! This is Bayerns game.
I am having the best time with and his silly songs and his non-invited sexual harassment.
The trick to dropping the past is to find out how to live now as if it were forever.
I swear my hair gets curlier everyday.
This trip makes it official - no need for any computer other than my iPad ever again
Can't wait to have u as a #car2go member! Let us know how the 1st drive goes :) Love the concept. Can't wait to try it out!
lolololololol follow me back or I'll cut my hand?
If you're in Marion, Ind., today, pick up a copy of the Chronicle-Tribune for an article about the Point Park-Taylor game yesterday.
Lunchtime is double time
We will (& we'd love to attend a little fun networking thing) :)
hahaha oh gosh..still makes me laugh!
Great times this weekend : S/O to and
I followed back.(:
on a hunt for vocal samples...
Shut these IU fans up on Saturday!
first goal was a joke. The men
Really wishing I could text Bjork "break a leg, babe."
Why are you so obsessed w/ me?
8 cars involved in an incident on the restart. Sato moved from 5th to 3rd! RED MISSED needs to get Power and Hunter-Reay on the next restart
heading out to San Francisco...Fun times ahead ; )
Also, I should prolly change my username/pic now, right? Been meaning to do that.. Hahah
so true!
RT lol freaken puertoricans we answer our own ?s and point w our lips but talk w our hands smh #lmfao so true!!
Bribery&culture of corruption remains in the Phil's. #OldTraditionalPoliticianInThePhil's are the #realproblems cc:
That was me until I reset my AIM password.
what'd ya think!?
I would like to thank the creators of Xanax for making this night possible.
#ThingsMyExSaid "i know you taby, i know you did shit. Quit liein. " big trust issues there.
I don't think y'all ready for what's about to go down tonight...
Looking at american dad and playing on ps vita
Yesterday at my author visit in Lincoln, IL, a 3rd grader wrote: "Joy feels like the wind in my hair when I ride my bike." Nice.
IS THE TRUTH!! James Brown has awaken & asked "Who dat singing James Brown ... & I'm James Brown?"
I know, I miss you too...and I'm pretty good! Not letting these fools get the best of me. Wbu?
Lame officiating.
Cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake caaaakeee
1005 Princess Anne St. Fred. Va. 22401! $10 admission- $5 w/ student ID! 9pm! Come on out and see us, Third Stream Giants! :)
We Are The In Crowd, Secret Secret Dino Club, Rival Summers and more at The Legion Hall in Rochester tonight! 6pm come hang out with us!
thank you for the RT
I love my favorite actor, that its you ;´D
Mesh shelves provide the extra air-flow required by cold store items such as meats, dairy, vegetables or linen.
Thanks for the follow. Your site is cool!
Vladimir was a similar character to Vito. Strong presence, strong presentation.
awww thank you! Glad you had a great time! Hope we will see you again soon! XOXO
Sunshine is coming out in downtown #Milwaukee - great way to start the day!!
...'cause it was on my FB?
Come on Pau!!!
waah it was boring!
I'm staying the night at coco keys
Thanks for the follow! I followed back! :)
congrats mama! what kind of job is it?
For attendees of our HiveC3 session on Facebook April 6, we sent out some additional Facebook resources. Next session is May 4.
How was SXSW?
'I saw my baby, crying hard as babe could cry!'
yeah...i believe u
Does anyone think EWC would be #BetterwithConfetti?
At Henry's Puffy Tacos with girl!!!
Aww, I'm not sure I can take any credit since Toronto is such a gorgeous city. And that meal at Yours Truly was RIDICULOUS.
It has felt like winter for only two days, however, I am ready for a January Thaw!
Whoa just got chills seeing Jered Weaver complete the no hitter on the Twins tonight.
RT : A3 The best videos for me are those that tell stories, they are authentic and because of, engaging
I was wondering that as well. Plenty of other pink gear.
Even if Braun claims he didn't use performance enhancers, only Viagra or Cialis or whatever his excuse is, it's still a failed drug test.
great sessions for hardware people. Already looking forward to NEXTgen-M.
Following Postman's steps for what?
Tired of hearing about loose, violent dogs attacking people & other animals. Been hearing these same stories all my life in NM. It's sad.
#EverydayIThinkAbout if you're gonna stay.
I am from Seattle we do not lie very good
If any of you like to cook, new recipes, and you don't know about yet, I completely recommend checking it out. Awesome company.
Good Luck Dillon Wagner. I appreciated your hustle and your heart on the ice!
that's what "hair and make-up peep" are for!
Thanks, Lynda!
Habakkuk Lesson: GOD sometimes answers our prayers by allowing things to become much WORSE before they become BETTER;
Omg. I went out with him a couple times and now he thinks he owns me. So annoying!
Oh no football. Or soccer if you wish. Reds are Manchester Utd
Especially when you have had a 12 pack and will be sleeping by the middle of the 2nd period.
Sigh. Got nothing done today.
I don't think so :D
I've become quite addicted to #Scandal. Such intrigue! Love it.
I'm having a gr8 day, while, in the past, I would be tired, after traveling with 1st graders in a bus on a field trip.
Today would be a most wonderful day to make me the 15th person you follow! #foreclosure expert here!
Yes, agree, I trained there and was remembering following a spry Dr. McKusick up the steps to the top of the Hopkins dome...
I wish I could.
Sounds great! RT : Yum! We should trade for some #tacos! RT : Our amazing mussels RT :
": Yuh a sample enuh!!! Bout bad grammer... #Silly" · I meant my grammar lol..
"A good judge doesn't know the strength of the plaintiff's case until he's heard the defense." -William Sheffield
Im at spoons cafe for open mic! Simple fun ;)
Before I die I really wanna be in a flash mob!
Yep! It's the best kind of travel. It really enriches both the travel and the family history.
Ah! What a beautiful day to practice
Werrk Mischief Makers @ KM's Inspire!!!
Great win
Luxury living in Los Feliz!
Wait, what?!
u suckin' at this Cricket game bro. Step it up!
Lost a tweet from u abt woman who does video workouts in big warehouse looking place. Foreign accent. Great WOs. Can't find her! Who is she?
Osama news is most wonderful, but now I'm praying for our military members everywhere in light of possible backlash.
Thank you for the #FF shoutout! I hope you have a very nice weekend!
All of my classes this semester take place in 2 rooms
Women are like stars...only one can make your dreams come true!
Wine deal seekers - it's my fave time to look for wine! Lots of great clearance deals - look for marked bottles in a cart.
kevin durant #puttingtheteamonhisback hope ya don't get 6 kobe
Interesting pregame for a Saturday night... Watching Lawrence Welk with my parents and grandparents.
2am audible- reservations for brunch, great call
thankyou too:D
"If we all did the things we are capable of doing, we would literally astound ourselves." - Thomas A. Edison
Almost over indeed :)... I didn't, cuz no matter what I accomplish, I want more!But I can't complain...
Allergies like no other
great job on - THANK YOU.
You broke my heart so I broke your car.
Thank you, Mr. President. I love you.
Tx so much for the RT! We're extremely proud to still remain one of the safest! Dev by lifeguard & avid surfer!
Loving all the action and energy in #Cleveland this weekend!
Done from work. Vegas this weekend.. Still lots of stuff to be done.. Haayy..Buhay America..
Ditched the conference dinner to get a Huey burger. Plus they have Yuengling on tap!!
#RIPAngel I'm sorry for ur lost :(
RT : I'll take care of you.
and you got your boo in atl you caking with.... How's that going????
Will Nevada have a say in who gets GOP nod? Kinda looks that way. See you Saturday morning!
When and where is the HOLIDAY HOUSE? IS there a website?
This very pro-UNR crowd at Orleans Arena has been silenced by #SJSU. Spartans up 27-19 w/ 1537 left.
IT'S FRIDAY...... I kinda forgot on the real lol
We still on for lunch tomorrow?
Pull up your pants!!
And you managed to dine somewhere other than H Street for three nights in a row! I think that's the bigger surprise!
designing some one sheets not to sure how I feel about this.. Think they are out dated why not make a web video?
Thanks for the add!:)
#ConfessionHour I haven't changed clothing sizes since high school but my muscle to fat ratio has become more like a fat to fat ratio.
I know what it means but if you don't know a fact of Justin, it doesn't make you less
delayed by ? Me: 1 cancelled,1 delayed 2 hrs,1 maintenance issue, 2 gate agents that "don't have crystal balls"
Classic :-)": #NP SEAN PAUL AND SASHA "IM STILL IN LOVE WITH YOU",,,,THAT VIDEO #SMH"
Writing up ABC's 2012-13 schedule now. Looks terrific! Very aggressive and solid.
im joking everybody
just heard people at the nj costco call "penne pasta", "peh-nay-nay"....
Zucchini bread &/or frittatas. There. Did that help at least a little? ;-)
: Tony and Mickey are playing at the blue bird cafe tonight - 6 pm! Be there!
Hahaha RT : If anyone knows the names of the plastic surgeons of Elle MacPherson and Demi Moore, call me.
curator even on my days off: picked up a retro filing cab at the ReStore today. Came home and immed. googled mfg name to date it.
as far as I know! You coming out? How long? Stay with us!
Thanks for the RT Your 1st Friday event sounds fun. Wish I were in the area!
If you haven't seen the Avengers yet...you must! Extremely entertaining!
Some bitches don't know how to text back
About 80% of college students change majors at least once--so don't obsess TOO badly about that choice!
lol, i could imagine getting an animated gif of a unicorn as some kind of trophy
The Puffins & Brett Randell @ Uncommon Ground in Edgewater tomorrow night!!
Zero degrees today and six inches of snow
I was gonna drop by but it appears we're boarding early
the Pack of course
Florence undoubtedly a fan favorite in Buffalo. Always engaging. Pick 6 vs. Pats will never be forgotten. But, #NFL's a business.
seriously I can't believe you would say something like that. That is probably the most cruel thing a person could say.
take it off and reload it, I had to do that yesterday an it started to work again I've had problems with my twitter app for 2 day
gotta get up out this house
A blessing to hear Shaney! Hope you can dance it away in your dance studio! Thank u so much for listening & for been here :)
yea I have 2 cuz of the fcat but my mom said she might pick me up after so I don't have 2 walk that much
Live w/ and talking Trust Barometer
You better I can't handle the separation!
Tweet your events and giveaways to us and we'll share them! xoxo
the work is from everyone! Tell the world!
Who in the fuck can this homeless guy be texting? I'm obviously in the wrong fucking business.
so. hungry. must... get ready for work. cant. move. waaaaah.
working slim
Why am I so freaking dizzy?!
If you step on people in this life, you're going to come back as a cockroach. ~ Willie Davis
I agree!!! RT : #JustRead SALVAGE THE BONES by Was SO good!
RT So guess Twitter just feels like unfollowing people against my will huh? Smfh... <U+2190>i hate that!
I know I need a new one
some bitty who has a mediocre taste in music. You might also like Beach House, Beirut, and The Black Keys.. just a hunch ;)
hey there. Hope the healthy pancake and dessert syrups are going well. Wishing you the best!
If you are looking for a great place to stay in Old Town Scottsdale AZ, be sure to check out Good Life Vacation rentals!
Short Taiwan stock market is good.
thanks for the tweet, ash! Appreciate it
Theres no point in lying when u grown even if it's to protect someones feelings
you should be able to have it
I want to do your bio!! wait nvm somebody esle is doing it. DAMN. D:
Yes Doctor, but it's all a part of our master plan, bwhahahahahahah!
“: #YouKnowShesTheOne if she's been through hell and back trying to keep the relationship.”
Good morning and good night texts>>>>> :)
Man, when it's early/late, I feel like I say stupid stuff on the internet…
GREAT RATES TO STAY @ HARRAH'S, CAESAR'S PALACE, PLANET HOLLYWOOD, RIO, PARIS, FLAMINGO AND MUCH MORE BOOK @ www.myvegaspeople.com
I tried to make a collective anti-typical profile.
Starting my twitter account!
This is sure to generate a list of realistic candidates. "Saban" "Meyer" RT: if Spaz was to be fired who would u want BC to hire?
Math is easy for me up to a certain extent
nice work, Suzy!
if you live in DC and you eat food, follow and go check it out. tell 'em some guy sent you. they'll know.
I don't do anything fun because I'm reading #HungerGames had to kidnap me yesterday
Thanks and for the RT: Looking for #Milwaukee business to share Social Media, SEO, SEM & Blogging success stories.
RT : So pumped to see present on Street Lit RA! #mladla12 [How did it go?]
If you love that old skool bass like I do follow A good guy and excellent with them beats!
Thank you for starting it the creative hat-wearing conversation!
Great promotion idea!
you think you're gonna win this poke war but you're not.. (;
Visited a Interactive Media company in the OC today. The offices had an outdoor theme, like little campsites. Pretty cool place
Old-school popcorn to satisfy a late-night salt craving. Am I the only fool left who still makes it on the stove?
Glad to see the Knicks beat the Heat. First playoff win since 2001!
Anyone watch the SHO series Spartacus? Or am I the only one who likes bloody gladiator scenes and hot naked Roman girls all over the place
Religion is not what you will get after reading all the scriptures of the world. It is not really what is grasped by the grain.
I have the worst headache and I can't sleep. Great.
Sitting out by the poolside, I'm shocked no one else is out here on such a gorgeous day!
The one and only Bob Feller in 1940
#DanceMusic Like DMb Always wanting to be a dancer, Juliet Star enjoyed dancing to the beautiful sounds of Progressive House and Trance.
A a hyperflexed left knee is the word of Blake Griffin. RT : Blake is definitely hurting. Not running well.
I hear ya. I wouldn't want some poor criminal to steal my awful identity...lol
thank you!
chuck are you going to prepare for Irene any differently than any other big storm?
i love big girls who aren't afraid to eat!
babysitting my boyfriend's nephew while he rocks out a show tonight ...he is going to owe me for this one... :-)
Celtics better finish strong
;-) that's right
this weather makes me ridiculously happy.
Day 2 on the Daniel Fast. It's more enjoyable than I imagined; still glad I'm not doing it alone though
Shit DC says (and I say sometimes, too) www.youtube.com/watch?v=FuPwy77scvw
Thx Dee! Loved seeing you the othe week! Xoxo RT : Happy Mother's Day Luv
Just spoke with MPD. They say heroin use has been on the decline since the second half of 2011.
that's good!
Sam Bradford in middle of the Hair Wars with Axe deal. Not sure i'd mess with (#HandS) & (#suave)
club sandwich, sneak attack Mayo 1
idk maybe some skiing. U having fun w ? Hope to see him on this trip too!
We add burbon to our pecan bars.
Dude, I should've asked for a laptop instead of a guitar when I was 13 lol.
I hope you feel better! Get lots of rest! Sending hugs! ;)
& I love your twit icon lol
and we start annoying people
that guy who say gentleman start your engines he need to think twice that there is 2 beauitful female in the field so say driver next time
Working out those unhealthy jello legs of mine >.<
Spring has almost arrived for us in the northern hemisphere. What are you looking forward to most in the warmer weather?
Listening to interview is absolutely the best thing I've ever heard. Comedy and food. My two favorite things
THAT'S GUD TO HERE
hey buddy! You guys in the states still?
Attitude mean like how I grew up. I hold grudges like how I hold my nuts.
There always a little truth behind every #'Jusx Kiddin'
it's okay :D nothning new .. wbu? :D<3
i have a headache ><
no? my photo
you could smuggle illegals across the boarder in that thing! Lol!
ha good point. I'm sure his are extra scary too
Day light savings is soul sucking when we "Spring Forward"
If all I'm remembered for is being a good basketball player, then I've done a bad job with the rest of my life.
Cold this morning! brrr
There is soo' much fog over in Laporte. ughh..
Kirko Bangz - Play Me (Official Video): via
I hate how I can't stop thinking about him !<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081> wtffffffff lol
S/O to my newest follower
I'm really loving this new song. can't wait till thursday
Join us today for lunch! Enjoy a Valencia Sandwich - Prosciutto, Manchego Sliced Figs, Arugula/Mescaline Mix for only 8.99!
The answer is to read the fine print. Every time. Stuff being bought online makes these kinds of issues all too easy to happen.
Come to Unicorn again today?
GREAT IDEA ACTUALLY! ;-)
Marry me, ? Tony will always have my heart/vote, all the way back to Shotgun
happy birthday!
my only wish is that i die real
Love their Apple Fest! : This weather pairs perfect with local cider from Long Grove. Come in and have a LG Apple Cider Martini
okay :) I'll let you know when I'm going
Hard to type w/birdie feet ;)
If you are still looking for a place to eat in CLE, check us out!
2 More Days Before School Starts !! :O There Is Something Wrong Here -.-
THINGS TO DO BEFORE OPENING A CLOTHING STOREs
God is so good!!! 18 people followed Christ in baptism at our Easter services in Raleigh & Apex!
LAST DAY OF CLASS
o, just how I likes em ;)
Wise: Reviewers reject Af-Americans in Appalachia
TONIGHT Stickky Hot and The Blackouts, Who Turned Out the Lights?, The Air Isn't Going to Condition Itself Y'know $8
I'm gettin rid of a bunch of stuff so yep I'm pretty much packed...gonna chill n enjoy tha city tha last few days and dip June 1
Preparing for the worst day ever...
At the same damn time
too all my twitter friends check out www.coalitiontosaveamerica log in register. ref your friends and family. stay tuned to daily updates.ty
: PLEASE stop spraying pesticides on your lots, contaminating our ground soil, water supply and Canandaigua Lake. Thank you.
I keep checking my mail for crafts from
Gametime for the Mavs! Playoffs! Let's go!!!
Almost there...
Bench mob is the key to this game
I wiah you would have, Astro was being a punk.
I'm done trying to impress people.Sorry I'm not perfect.I hate what you have made me become.I miss the old me. I've become a monster
Last week was a great and Fun week specially Mother's day ! Looking forward to have another successful week! #work hard play hard!
HOORAY!! GMAIL IS WORKING!! Sadly, it's been bouncing my e-mail for the last 24 hours so hopefully it will start to flood back in.
Why is school even happening right now...
Yeah man I hit you up lol I did Webster Hall too.
Just entered state #2!! Hello Virginia!
images come alive in different ways when digitized: integrated into impromptu memorials and shrines
NOPE YO MAMA CAME OVER @ IT AGAIN SUCKIN MY DICK 4 A S/O... RT : Did you get peanut butter on your caps lock key again?
Brown people are surrounding my door... *hides*
Haven't stop running since practice this morning. I need a nap
Eye doctor today told me I might have Early stages of Glaucoma.. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3> On the bright side I might be a legal #weedhead Coming to a town near u!
Music washes away from the soul the dust of everyday life.
Good workout this morning, now off to the courthouse.
Left a comment on the posting. That song brings back so many good memories :-)
what season are you on?!
I'm down with that! I wanta be thre off camera eating while you guys are recording stuff haha
Get TAN!*Specials*From 9a-2p Buy 1 Instant Tan for $14! Buy 1 UV Tan and get 1 FREE! Purchase a Valentine's Tanning Bag for someone special!
I might be helping with Austin now... I could pick up boxes in morning for you. It's in old CW...
IT IS Survivor day.......
Yeah, I think I'll do that. Avengers can wait.
When life knocks you down, get back up and keep being strong.
Why does hitting my elbow hurt so damn much, holy crap :c
I miss y'all
Had moment of thrill: a friend Facebooked his excitement re: a forthcoming UCP book that I touched (sort of)! Yay, scholars & nerds!
haha! Dumb ol, twitter
thank you!!
oh no! Crap
Does anyone know the secret to opening an old stubborn can of ink ? I always feel like I gonna bleed all over the studio.
Is this thing on? *taps screen* Hello?
My grilled chipotle cheese just beat up your regular grilled cheese.
#rocksforfox #alcatraz uh oh! That can't be good......looks like colloidal silver in her future
NOTHING TO COOL TO TAKE ME FROM YOU MARRY THE NIGHT IS THE SONG IN MY AVENUE , LOVE IS THE NEW GAGA AND I SKELETON GUNS AND BELLS IN THE...
New post: Garmin AC Adapter
I can't help you fix yourself but at least I can say I tried. I'm sorry but I gotta move on with my own life.
MT : Most educators I know jest that I am on twitter....until they join, then they jest at how they were not!
A relationship is supposed to be between to people. But there always has to be that one jackass who wants to be a third member.
Totally love the version of 'Kiss Me Again' with <3 SO GOOD.
We are now looking for summer social media interns! Follow and send your resume to .
What happened to We Care Oregon, Bella Cafe, Spirit Cafe, Pacwest Com., Bella Catering? All of them fraudulently run by a church deacon.
I peeped.
Very pressed.RT ANOTHER OSU TURNOVER!!!! #Bearcats are making me DAMN proud to be a fan right now!!!!
Candy buyback is tomorrow! Check the website for details! Kids bring your candy! Support our troops!
I'm staying at the gym all day to avoid studying for finals. That's ok right?
Had to go out at 7:15a to fetch the paper so it wouldn't be stolen like last Sun. Turns out having a NYT subscription's like having a dog.
so what do think of Lock Poker?
FWIW, I <U+2764> Tide Pods. Aesthetically pleasing. No need to measure. Solves the drippy-Tide-bottle problem. Hope they stick around.
Sounds like upcoming has a great lineup. Sorry to have missed in Chicago this past week. #nerdland #uppers weekend.
Hey everyone....just wanted to say a quick hello and introduce myself. My name is Katie. I'll be the one posting the updates from now on :)
help us get to 500 followers!! we are 5 tweeps away!
awesome on 1690!
Based on the tweets, #citiessummit2012 looks like an amazing event. Question: when does data access turn into civic engagement?
Little boy and girl playing
One of my #Fantasy players is in jail.
This day is going to suck balls.
I found that joke hilarious! xDDD": Mohr: "The Boston #Bruins apparently are delicious." #NHLAwards"
you are correct...it does get better!
Layout Design of a 300 page book. I love Typography!
I got stuck in the elevator at work today :) It doesn't work when one of the doors isn't closed all the way.
Congrats, Erin! That's great. Boiler Making is an interesting major choice, but I respect your decision.
Woo going to jersey!:)
one love, much love. Thanks for all the magic you bring to my life!
So many tweets about #ala11 - I'm feeling kinda left out :(
Helping Nico be more organized :) I'm a good friend!
Quinten just made a puzzle -- solve it and he'll buy you one of Mitch's ALL BEEF HOT DOGS! 7916 SE Foster until 7 PM today, 11-7 Thurs-Sat
A HUGE CONGRATS to for hitting #3 on NY Times Bestseller list THIS SUNDAY! #ByInvitationOnly BUY IT.
Change is good, but makes it a little difficult to refer to. "Going to Where."
I'm actually kinda curious... how much money would you have?
The best gift I have ever received and will ever receive, is salvation.
Love your shades. They fit perfectly on that cute little nose.
were u getting a mall
Pittsburgh Power coach and wide receiver join us today! Pack your helmets!
y'all still playing in the post season?
Seems #teamMilwaukee twitter fam will be at bowlero tonight to celebrate a lovely ladies bday 2nite I don't no em but sounds fun
So - can I take I4 westbound thru lakeland/plant city or not?? Don't want sinkhole delays..
where are you in world 1? I'm in the middle of the Reformation, we're watching Luther with Joseph Fiennes, it's pretty good
I dvr it. I think you can get them on iTunes though?
It's really not the worst thing in the world. It can make shitty college dining hall eggs acceptable.
hey follow me and tht ice cream looks good
Today starts my last week at New Hope! :)
Natural and delicious energy! I love Waffles!
i need someone to do a cover with me xD for the likes of you ~ woe is me screams and cleans ?
I'm all set! I'll be attending solo but can't wait to meet some fabulous women!!
Legalize gay marijuana. /via
btw my Italian grandmother called it ALL macaroni: spaghetti, ziti, capellini, whatever. Never used the word pasta.
Ok, then we'll start with a nice easy 2step to warm up the joints and get some blood circulating :)
Any idea what the deal was with South Park last night? Something is going on...
Killed last night! Shout out to BTF and the other artists. MADBEAST NY you heard!
Cut and Color with out Junior Stylists Erin & Brittany only $75
"wish" sample is up ! check it out and tell me what you think !
Please bring Mandy back to iCarly! is AWESOME! You could even let her sing a song, she has a beautiful voice!
Getting ready to send out some free healthy organic coffee, tea, and hot cocoa. Who wants free samples?
I'm so glad!
Guys are really chicks on the inside... Or so says the new sketch we're shooting today.
ah i see. i heard it was coming. it's not the first time they stalked an apple store tho. been to bellevue square lately?
haha once again it's much more of being straight out :) and girls are awesome, as friends lol :b guys are just guys!
#FridayTacos! Can it get better than that? No. No it can't.
OMG CANT WAIT TILL THE VIDEO!!!(:
Anyone have suggestions? RT Know of any home decor store sales? I'm hunting for a new comforter set
1st game tonight ! Couturier no twitter?
My brother is an ass smh,, I love him tho
how so?
LOVE your music...you are a lyrically gifted!
I was going to but we have family in town for a graduation. Would it be worth it to come for a few days during the week?
can't make tonight, playing at Blarneystone. Glad I got to see Dave last week! Dude rocks.
Hacked out a review of the Human Centipede (the original) last night. Be posted soon.
: Decide today to live with peace and not do more than you can handle.
Sorry if this is stupid. Are you thinking of Diogenes in the School of Athens? With his begging bowl?
My lulsistah getting a belly ring im getting a tattoo
Running up the stairs in fear because you feel an evil presence behind you .
Are any of you interested in a meal replacement?
olive garden for lunch ! yee
RT - Washington Nationals game!
All I want for Christmas is a new quarterback, a new quarterback, a new quarterback...
HELL NO?! I had to fight tooth and nail when I came back from Djbouti for #OperationIraqiFreedom for benefits
don't get shanked dude.
So far so good, nothing yet but something soon for sure!!
Dear , I love you.
Then stop tweeting & start reading! #focus #go!!!!!!!!!!!
the dream is collapsing! cc:
My cubical is right on the edge of being big enough to fart in but too small that they obviously know its me.
Would be a much better story if he stopped at Sup Dogs.
Hey Derek your co host said we might have to reschedule tomorrow. any word?
RT yeaah ! That'd b e dope! Ima tell him to send acapellas when I send him the beat whenever that is loll
Off to Rosengård to do some go-alongs and interviews
Enjoying rehersal dinner in A-town with & rest of family. Proud of my lil sis Katie.
Imma bout to bunch someone in the face... Why the fuck would you not make a shoe in size 13?!
Thanks for the #followback ;) “: thanks for the follow!”
Cannot stress enough how much I hate how flaky wireless communications is.
or venti :) are you working right now?
we all know Situation is gay, he always puts everyone elses business out now its ur turn! HAHAHA!!!
It sold out so fast! I emailed my coworkers 30 minutes before and we managed to get 14 people registered.
hey, havent talked to you in forever
Glad to hear, mama. Saved by the Bell is on Netflix, if you need some entertainment. 90s dudes & babes heal all!
Watching Doomsday Preppers on
Okay, well, submit it tomorrow.
Phi Phi's guy is gorgeous.
SO WHERE WERE YOU WHEN STEELERS WERE IN REDZONE? and where's the touchdown? hm...
Putting in all the effort for sumthing u love will automatically mean accomplishment
Boise Inc. Announces Next Urban Park Development Site Through Project UP(TM)
good times with and last night, awesome fucking show!
Back from rehearsing the play American Rapture. Laugh out loud funny in parts and deeply moving in others, it's gotten me all churned up
RT : Celebrate Mom Saturday & Sunday! Brunch 11:30. Dinner 4:00. Best Mom Contest. Win a Mom Gift Basket. Special menus, drinks
Who knows how to ride a rip-stick?
Women always worry about the things that men forget.. But men always worry about the things women remember.
RT : Did you receive blue card, or did pollworker give Dem ballot for red card?
Lame! I will now boycott the game after this next round... With you.
But he was too cute for words. <3
If you see a short lady in a grey jacket near the paint circle, it's my friend Diana. I should be there in 5 minutes or so.
Feels like a frying pan out here in ny today!
At walmart. Apparently chocolate chips are NOT in the chips isle.
do u hv it on your fone
So excited to be at #soslam this morning. Having amazing conversations with everyone I meet!
Turning off distractions is difficult but must be done.
Presenting celeb chef Guy Fieri a KY Colonel in front of 600 at the Oaks Bourbon Bruch was beyond cool this AM.
I love it!!!! You have a great weekend too love;)
Nice weather out here.
so...what were you reading?
Very cool to see all our extended family get together in Georgia. Always fun, but glad and I are back in our own bed tonight!
I tried to put this site out of my mind, so I wouldn't go CRAZY, but you just brought it back for me! LOL!!
Calendar transition chaos has caused meeting confusion. Hate how relient I have become on my calendar reminders.
Beer bar recommendation from a local: "If you're ever in Louisville, go to Sergio's." Sounds great.
when is the news coming?
I just caught #FashionStar for the first time last weekend. AH MAZING show!
she needs to hop on the band wagon. She would have so many followerz
sorry. i'll try harder for a homerun next time ;)
Enjoy T.G.I.F. with our Santa Fe Sensation tonight...salsa, jalapeño peppers, mozzarella, grated Italian & light gorgonzola cheese!
I hate having stop texting when I'm at the movies t-_-
he ain't ready to play the bobcats either lol
having fun in san diego!
I have become intrigued by anything that goes crunch.
Homelessdogmusic will be launched. Will begin recording the music at Timewarp starting in December. JANUARY 2012 LAUNCH!
Quick Wire chat. It's been a long time since I've watched. :(
3-2 and the payoff pitch coming up for the
Angelina is in full-on Jessica Rabbit mode!!
Swarming at CLT!
fire him now.....maybe they can still make the playoffs
trying to flex me..
#NF what sup hansum, speed boat
So banks and other creditors cannot collect if you are destitute but the University of Houston stands a much better chance.
I like looking at maps. Fascinating where places are in relation to other places.
I purchased some new weave today and my mood went up 5x2!!! Males dont understand...
Go out last night? A #Gyros will make it all better! See u at 11!
yikes lol yeah
yeah, I was relieve stan of those extra tickets he had . . . . but oh well.
On 34th street waiting for babies to drop. Happy new year!
Think I just drooled! Always wondered why they were yellow... they weren't lemon, right?
How to avoid empty heading markup with #WordPress widgets w/o titles? hack core? rewrite register_sidebar function? #Accessibility issue
I've been thinkin'.. if I did unto others as they do unto me, there are quite a few people who wouldn't like me much.
Last time was the before my freshman year. Have to win the tournament and beat Hopkins.
Damn, the guards for the Knicks shot 7-for-28 combined yesterday
Anyone still out of power in LA? Maybe it's time to do some shadow puppet theatre? Hope everyone is ok!
It's over!!
i told you id always be picking you up when your down, so just turn around.
you'll have mine shortly(:
That's fine, just thought I'd come visit. Where u be tonight?
Anyone hear or do OR have done to them, any worthwhile pranks yesterday?
YEAH. DONE.
Follow us and hear the latest in #News, #Entertainment and #Sports!
So what is the differences between reply and retweet?
If you had one shot or one opportunity to seize everything you ever wanted, would you capture it, or just let it slip?
Wanna be my big brother
I'm more of a DuckTales guy myself, but I'm willing to learn. As for cereal, this could be love at first spoon.
A family of #bunnies is watching me unload equipment.
Who would have thought it would be Matt Ryan making the mistakes, go Pack!
I'm new to twitter and its pretty fun so far
Thanks for coming by!
RIP Dick Clark. Thank you for sharing the music. <3
I'm now a New York State liscened driver! whooohoo! :)
Positively not!
after 9:30 pm tonight, i finally get to breathe! no more midterms =D
yep finally back home and it feels awesome to be here
Follow our friend Nashville, TN Trailer park mama's boy changing how you think - so you can change the world
you make up lies trying too be cool .
Thanking the man above for another day ...
I'm just gonna call you BadFlowbee
bored nothing too doo
“: I don’t care how many warnings I get, I am still going to eat raw cookie dough.”every time, why is there even a warning?
You caught me.
If it can go wrong to tonight... It will. Don't tempt fate.
anxiously awaiting the verdict in the #lululemon trial.
omg. I love your Icon! U keep getting prettier and prettier every day(:
trust >>> worry
come on now! my voice aint THAT deep! is it????
guilty. I missed out.
Put God first and you'll never be last.
Agreed. It's also always been a question as to how and when Instagram was going to try and monetize the application.
A big thank you to Diane Goodman and everyone who came out last night to learn the ins, outs and in-betweens of putting together the...
The buying and selling of tax liens by investors really is fascinating. I've got to believe it'll be reformed somehow this decade.
Oh gosh. Got a bang "trim." Greetings from Spock.
Hey imma #Belieber and this is crazy, But Here's my twitter so follow me Maybe...please! <3 :) #CarlyRaeJepsen #CallMeMaybe 10
What's the big deal with same-sex marriage? Anyone that's married knows the sex is always the same. ~ Robin Williams
Whoa! When did suspend its bill pay service??
That sounds delicious and fun!
good afternoon
#21Questions will you still love me when im at my weakest?
I'll do it randomly, if I even try to do it now I'll start cracking up hahaha
Come by at noon to our living room! will perform on a original for !! N Miami Ave & 40 st
No one who cannot rejoice in the discovery of his own mistakes deserves to be called a scholar.
The sliver lining to people wanting to piss on your brand...at least they care enough to do so
Break a leg tonight!
#describeyourvaginawithamovie Little mermaid
Never confuse motion with action. - Benjamin Franklin
nothing at home watching criminal minds
Good Night from me nd my sister :D
Steamed Dumplings and a movie. Kinda nice
sure do. Anytime work for you tomorrow?
Aight let me get to sleep for this workout early in the morning!!
so if is the Mecca of hot, intelligent, interesting, down-to-earth women, is its male counterpart.
More rain <U+2614> in Houston!!! Wonderful!! At least my garden gets water!!
And when we make love.....words can't explain!
Won a time machine on eBay. Disappointed when I received a clock....
You know this! #Ballin' RT “: always fun playing ball with the fellas. ”
you couldn't dangle if you threw rope out of a tree. # cherp
Happy 16th Birthday To Me :) It Would Make My Day If or Retweeted This Or Followed<3
Just added a new volume to my growing beer library (beerbrary?): The Naked Pint, by Now on my cicerone syllabus.
Ah! Thank you! It makes me feel a bit awkward but it's kinda fun
sad winky faces really don't communicate anything .... ;(
that I am! And I might be comin to Lawrence for stop day eve...
the orioles have looked lost like they have no clue
Robert & Alex are too cute
It's nice to have a a whiskey mentor. I've been mostly self taught, but trying to share my knowledge with friends and family.
Make a difference by....eating lunch! Stand in line! - EAT! TWEET! COMPETE! Friend us! Clog sidewalks! [ok, I made that part up]
So yeah. I'm probably going to hell now...
King Philip of Macedon appointed Aristotle as tutor of his son Alexander the Great. Alexander then funded Aristotle's zoo and botanicals
Somebody's gonna get cuffed and stuffed....
Bed then meeting at work on my 1 day off..
Dear coworker: when 3 people try to change the subject about how your husband got hurt 3 years ago, it means no one cares!!
Prom tonight!
what.if.i.had.abs.
I'm good! Living in Louisville right now just dancing as usual. Spending time with the little man.
sub tweeter
U Should ;-) You guys would make an adorable couple!
I really dislike commercial right now, I am salivating and fiending some crab legs right now
Get into the groove
Starting March 1st, #90DayLaunch will cover tips, how-to's and strategies for launching a product in 90 days using
That was quick!
So was that friendship fake? You can give out my number but can't talk to me. She was right about you.
Good Morning Beautiful People! How's everyone?
Hi Jasmine ! :)
Played against them...you're forgetting Kenny Taylor, Ivan McFarlin as well!!!!!
And by niche obviously we mean Noche.
At work while my entire family is off this week. I think I might be the lucky one. ;-)
I wished up on a star, and you came true
hey Mort! Houston doent count when the Coltsa don't have Payton. Sorry---fail.
Surely you can be bi-partisan and Retweet America's First Fish?
Just cold chilling enjoy a piece of mind
I love the blog name "Pulp Fixin'"!
Blehhh. Ya know?
Did i just miss the boom of the sonic barrier broken?
Chris bosh looks like an avatar. He is so ugly
Still buyin alcohol for this party and idgaf. Ciroc, goose, it's a top shelf drinks kinda party
"Get emmmm" (method man voice)
let's sell drugs at church; a little reward for everyone on their way out of the confession booth.
Niobe Way's remarks on the loss of boys' close friendships as they become adolescents is heartbreaking
Wishing all of my winemaker friends great success with their harvests this year! Looking forward to tasting 2010's
haha. I can imagine. Did you get drunk when you heard Kyle's news? I know I wanted a beer
Sources on the ground in #Syria: #Assad forces storm a mosque in #Douma (#Damascus suburb) and arrest dozens earlier today.
Quote of the day....aw...you're a Cuddle Hitler....
they're "unemployable" right? Or lazy?
Can we start a trend for that.
bitches throw salt on ya name for some attention wen you at the top
Today we passed an old washing machine on the sidewalk. Somehow, Robot got it's phone number. What a weirdo!
this is true. Welcome to America!
As you see there are many, many ways to record hip hop music
We are having so much fun planting with you this morning!
Ha! You were sitting directly behind my father. That's his head on the right blocking your shot.
A second place always got a whole lot to prove.
Twitter and ItsArtNotStuff meet...you can twitter directly from ItsArtNotStuff admin...LuvArt...
So what your SuperBowl predictions?
Isha (Woman) SF, a student group of empowered young Jewish women had their 2nd meeting @ SF Hillel yesterday. Great to see.
Damn i miss the 90's
window payne
“: then who would make the truffle tots, blue lump crab cakes & honey ginger glazed salmon?” dunno but they be free
What is the stupidest thing you have ever done?
Double duty at this wk. Spinnin 2morrow w/ for #MardiGras + Saturday. Gonna be an epic wk!
Thanks so much! Good weekend to you. RT
Good night.
Poor Mark <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Happy 19th Birthday :D !
HAHAHAHAHA! i think it's about to come on! that part makes me want to piss my pants! hahaha!
"...the man fitted his job like a man who fits jobs really well."
Nice. we're using it for a few internal things and some stuff we have in the pipeline.
thanks for all your help yesterday with #NYFamilyDay! You're a total rockstar... Can you share the M&G photos in a link?
": RT Chinese/Norwich kicker Long Dick has a tryout with the Jaguars."
#fridayreads Norman Cantor "The Civilization of the Middle Ages"
Discussing the abuse of classical inheritance on twitter is like asking to be trolled. People get emotional and off topic fast.
you will never find Jesus missing an opportunity to do good. Love and Blessings to you!!!! Your Sister in Christ, Camay
good night sleep well
I guess The Pantagraph was slightly off in its reporting of the new Illinois State coach.
oh for sure! R u playing anywhere anytime soon?
I just hurt my foot playing soccer with two lil girlswith a lil basketball it hurts and i feel foolish! lol 0.o
Ibaka is on fire!!!!
some mexican shit.or liquor
hey can u follow / #shoutout my friend she seriously needs it and i be helpin too :) thx
Seriously, could be cool. But truth is publishers need output to all formats. Will MSFT do KF8?
not till 2 days from 2day :) but I am leaving my aunt 2 go site seeing ;)
RT Such a happy man thanks to the Kindle Mac App, just got Kant, Aquinas, Augustine and Locke for naff all.
Thanks for the S/O!
Bank of America is now allowing replacement Buyers on Short Sale Approvals
it's beautiful out! wearing like 3 too many layer today...
Consider the things which dominate your heart today. What focuses your will and invites God in? What pushes God to the side?
105 degrees. For the rest of our sale 10.5% more off. A total of 60.5% off all our sale items!! 2727 Exposition or 4301 William Cannon.
Hahahahaha oh my gosh I remember that! Dude gualdkdjwllakssk I'm so excited for summer you don't even know.
I had problems with Carbonite in the past and switched to backblaze a year ago. Had a crash, no problem restoring
Booked a lead in my first #professional #theatre production, #DreamsOfTheWasherKing... Very excited!!! :)
I'm getting super like Mario. Am I doing it fabulously? Absolutely.
"It's nice getting back into a warm car, our clients don't have that luxury." -Hero Laurie #quote on outreach this a.m.
#Romney crowd is annoying me. Waiting for them to go all human microphone.
I'd love to see you in YOGA pants...damn
This new album's gonna be hot! Get ready for that first single soon!
I mean, I suppose there were a lot of Basque folk growing wool in the Central Valley. A lot of Noriega's, too, for that matter.
Already ready to go back to Georgia...
it's so amazing I enjoy it
Shelby drove me home from across jeffco cause i was too sad to walk . . . I love her
call me tonight we'll get on it ASAP
": What color croakies should I get?" - Famous Last Words
My cats were same way. Now, they regard a still bowl of water as "where the hell is my Evian, you cretin?"
my bed is cover with scripts from several plays sides to an audition and several acting technique books. Yep such is my life as an actor.
Yeah, but the one on the right looks way better! And, I like Julia Roberts.
Noah and the whale >>>>
LUNCH MONEY
I pray that I may await with complete faith for the next good thing in store for me.I pray that I may keep an expectant attitude toward life
We work not only to produce, but to give value to time.
The Broncos QB is back in town to receive a community service award at the annual Boy Scouts dinner.
What a Rose Bowl.
roll up
yikes!! that is a serious
maybe next year you can bring to spring training as your personal coffee assistant!
sure o_O ill dm u my # ;D
Putting the finishing touches on our 2011-2012 Edu Catalog. Anything you're dying to see featured? It's not too late to let us know.
Summer Side Show is this weekend, hope to see everybody out there <3
Was just reading a blog where they spelled Reese's peanut butter cups as "Recess" peanut butter cups. Hahaha wut
Thanks for your help. I'll stay close to a TV for the next round. Lol
I swear, our locker room is hauted because the teacher always keeps it locked and rarely let anyone go in there.
Why does my arm hurt so bad
NYC- OK Harris Works of Art, 383 W Broadway, Five Solo Exhibitions-1/28, 5 to 7 pm
I will DJ tonight at wokcano-Santa Monica! W.Wokcanorestaurant.com No cover,excellent Asian fusion food Til 2am,huge dancing patio.
I sent u an email :)
I meant 2 say...2 sweet...but it all works
no fool u go to sleep
That was interesting, especially since it seems Secretary Stepp repeatedly refused to be interviewed for the story.
Depression is a motherfucker
Done with work for the year. Whoo! Here's to a great 2012 for all of us.
at the Starbucks in Hillsdale... This place has changed quite a bit since I used to come here in high school..
dream of demons while you sleep that make you stutter when you speak
Who are you rootin for in the NBA Playoffs?
Why tf does everyone have pics of them saluteing now?
My bad. Primantis
So cute! xD RT : I'm an absolute sucker for a guy in Wayfarers. Thanks, Chicago springtime, for enabling this.
Great to see doing great things at Challengers Boys and Girls Club here in LA today. Class act.
What a large group tonight, glad to see new faces! *waves*
#cardcont was fun. Hearing views on the #archivesaccreditn doc and being obstreperous about #moreq2010 :)
walks in house, strips off clothes.
how have u been
I miss the Michael Scott comedy humor from The Office. He always makes me smile.
Can't believe I just oovooed the champ !
Tiffany Colannino WG Archivist just presented a WG program at the Carver Middle School in Tulsa, OK. Public programs presented all week!
Streets are peaceful yet the freeway is a mess?
Keep calm and praise Chris Trondsen.
loll well first shes an amazing singer! she opened for cody on november 19th 2011. and its for a contest :) !
Free promotion for followers. Hundreds can be got fast. Try it out. do you follow4follow? let's trade. :) <3 u
Literally been telling you this for months bruh! RT : I need to cut my nails lol wtf
- thanks for addiing us to your list - /thank-you-for-the-rts
so excited
tweet like its out of style you probably got like 3,000
Hoes these days..
UnConstitutional Ad Valorem Property Taxes
jack attack what time do you leave tomorrow I wanna say bye!!!
empathy soothes sting. Thank you!
Today's Specials at Emerald City Catering and Take Out: Chicken Wings tossed in your favorite #BigBossSauce only $2.99lb
What % of questions can't be answered by Twitter? Need longer answers.
Hello and thanks for following!
DYK? Dr. Mae Jemison 1st black female astronaut in NASA history is a member of Alpha Kappa Alpha ..
on tour..
& Thanks for following!
Def rolling Witch Doctor.
And I don't mean I want him to leave its just that he actually noticed me..
Celtics lost :( but I'm not worried cuz OKC will kick laker butt.
Can't wait till April 1 I just know will win the ACM for New Artist if the year!
Coconut water.. its good for you! :)
There are some awesome surprises coming down the pipe for Beer-con!
the most lovable, mellow cat ever in life.
“: 83 with 3,3 putt bogeys in a cold, windy round today! u got that right. Good round bro, time for vodka rocks
no worries sir! I'm gone too to get some food at Denny's, haha. Dinner tomorrow would be awesome! I'm in
...don't not include a testimonial that says "the finance manager wrangled us into an extended warranty to lower our apr"
we should try #positiveApril and see how it goes
leave him alone , trust me...
I know. I am very disappointed
Thanks!! Yes, snow in LA and all....
:thank you everyone for the mentions& convos ! Have a great weekend!
Yo gives up 2 walks then a base hit. Mets lead 1-0 in the 1st.
Distribution/Sales Agent deal finalized with CAMELOT DISTRIBUTION GROUP. They're extremely excited about "PRIVACY!"
lol i want an iphone so badd but ina just wait till the iphone 5 comes out next year
If only there was a credit check equivalent to internet account passwords for a clean and uniform update.
Off to #layn to teach a cooking class for the kids. Should be a blast
my thoughts exactly wtf
Thanks so much guys!!!! we really hope you dig it :)))))
about time you get your clan together, i was thinking blops2 was going to come out before we started any clan ops haha
“If this is a blessing, it is certainly very well disguised.” -Winston Churchill. BLESSINGS FOR A GREAT TUESDAY, FRIENDS!!
Ron Artest Is A Bitch..-
pretty good. working and keep one eye on the weekend :)
ccarmich52: Hosted an SLA chapter mtg. today. An overview of what I learned at #SLA2009 - too much to talk about in just an hour.
Rent a Segway and take a tour if you haven't
were you at EPIP? I got here Sat so I really did just miss you!
Nicki:"big words were said". Like, she doesn't like usually like use them.
Radio's playing that forgotten song?
I saw it, and I LOVED it!!!!! Congrats...as usual....to Rattlestick!
I honestly don't think the people from platos closet know there heads from their ass.
Is kidding with the online wi-fi form? Too long, no input types, giant pain.
#meow #purr<f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B1>
O, tomorrow a new episode of Wisconsaholic comes out! If you love the #Pack or the #Seahawks, you're obligated to watch.
I was just at the theatre this past saturday. Love going but would be better with a partner.
Very excited about Lilly 2012. Anyone else?
lmao you silly okay we definitely ready nd don't stand us up love you!
Thanks. I'll give it a look.
this is my 953rd tweet and I have no idea what the first 952 tweets were about ???
superior for *highly technical users only*and only in your opinion, which seems to value $ over aesthetics and efficiency.
awe baby don't be like that. We r just joking around. You are my entire world. I'd take a bullet for you and our kids any day
addicted to angry birds.
If I met mau I would not care because I already know him..
Yay for sitting outside during school! Too bad im the only sophomore who is in this class...
This weekend was way too short. Don't want it to end.
it will never happen again. That's all
RETWEET IF YOU LOVE ! (:
I found you!
you ready to throw elbows yet
can u email me those lectures please!!! Sorry!!
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>see you guys tomorrow?
Yup..its cold.gotta get where I belong.
Been grinding all day ... all I want but still don't have is a reply from my favorite rapper of all time
Triple match point
Ants on my phone
Day just went downhill. I'm going to be broke for the rest of my life.
well I work 11-2 today...but text me! 9548579388
Oh no. Sorry to hear that. I hope my Mac air doesn't blow out.
Savant Capital Management and The Monitor Group combine
Random Yankee Scare: this years Yankee DH last year bat .240 last year.
thanks for the follow Caitie. Hope all is going well with your new internship!
They should do a Mumbai version.
Convey much better...no right foot..but better.
haha am i ready for it yeah and uh yes the director is a demon lady :) you knew that though
Needed: some freakin chickens for the farm. Any leads anyone?
Boy don't try to front, I know just what you are... womanizer.
I'm so bored
Cups of the Rozay, n*ggaz in my old phone... I should call one n go home
We love '
Lebron & Wade got the same teeth lol
would you consider doing an article about myself, my book The Vallie,and my work within the community. I live here in KC
had long talks with the bosses about it. I hope things will improve...
Students got angry they had to do work the day before PSSA'S, let them work on LOL charts. Overheard at end. We should do this all the time.
Kick the ho's out , let the money stay
awesome! I'm up for some of this if you guys are
RT for chance to win & tickets today! Contest rules coming up soon!
Looking on this 7th graders twitter and all they are doing is reposting stupid quotes from those quote accounts.
What he said! : If you don't vote you're a dick.
the things puberty can do to a person. haha
poker night soon?
haha, yes they did!
Think the closest one to me is down in Tukwila. Sad. Voting via USPS feels too much like paying a bill. :-(
I'm super happy but I'm not looking Foward to the Stretch marks lol
-- Thank you Junior Achievement for your textbook donations to adults in prison taking Entrepreneurship 101.
HER: LET ME RIDE ... ME: *LAY BACC & SAYS ROLLA COAST
A good listener is not only popular everywhere, but after a while he gets to know something.
haha sounds like my school books back in high school heck even now lol. teachers always have to give us boring things
Field trip tomorrow! gonna go sleep early! which is 10..
Thich Nhat Hanh: "Listen to your suffering…It is a source power."
this is where I come in and get u off
If I could only find the words.
Friday is #thriftstore day. Love
#youknowuwrong if you're within 24 inches of my face with your breath smelling like baked baby diapers
Giving up the snooze button for lent.
“: #Leo's are extremely understanding and respect honesty.”
Reagan was a big spender on govt programs, flouted austerity. Today GOP favors job-killing-austerity measures, slowing recovery
It's always pretty cool. That's why you should move back!...please.
You're right. That's not a very good tag line for Prairie Dog Day is it?
B-day Will Shakespeare! "Be not afraid of greatness: some are born great, some achieve greatness, and some have greatness thrust upon them."
Thanks! We're going to be adding stuff constantly so it will only get better!! Be sure to tell all your friends in Tennessee.
Maybe they classify themselves as geeks?
What to do, what to do.
Maybe the NHL 13 cover will be Giroux holding a golf club?
There are glimpses of heaven to us in every act, or thought, or word, that raises us above ourselves.....Arthur P. Stanley
Day is finally comin' to an end . . geez .
thanks Karen. :) I loved the video by the way.
Just saw a local bike rider undoubtedly wearing homemade gloves created from two socks with a hole for the thumbs.
happy birthday Taylor :) <13
((pffft now all I see is Benedict Cumberbatch as the creature...it's strangely sexy... XD)).
Could you add an option in the settings to display the version number in the top left like it used to?
Young Gotham We On
if your age is on the clock, your too young for the cock...
wow thanks! Scary Or Die was fun to do...especially the guts ;D You made my day - bless you
Newsies is on TV. For whatever reason, this makes me think of
So I was helping out with some window washing....and then it started raining :-\ Ain't that some sh*t! LOL
Wish you all a Happy Holidays from all of us at Reshape the Nation! Tell us how you are spending your holiday weekend.
Must say I'm liking 's fashion sense on #AGT tonight.
team celtics chris you tripping!!
Never get jealous when u see ur Ex with someone else cuz we were told to give are used toys to the less fortune!!
I think it means you need sleep!
Dell's talking about their new robust listening infrastructure that has transformed social media capabilities.
Here at #ShineYourDivine we follow the Golden Rule, #Followus and we #Followback :)
Both & recommend TweetLogix. I may need to stop being a penny pincher & purchase it.
You know you really like someone if you can smell their perfume/cologne when they arent even in the room.
I pick up remainders everywhere I find them, just to have copies on hand for distribution.
Didn't hear about D'vision? Top models work with this agency.
Did you know? #Hawaii had its best tourism month ever in December. What are you waiting for? We've got special packages and warm Aloha!
Planning to make a trip up to Lubbock to see the rest of the fam - if you don't goto CC call me!
Need help marketing your club?
not sure if they realized you were foreign but Americans are often overly polite to visitors, regardless of race
Retweet that iTunes link!! I'm hungary.
U prob get asked all the time but r u watching BB13? I would pay to be in the room w u and Ragan watching Brenchel..haha
Think like a Man - Act like an asshole
Scary movies is what my night will consist of on
i want to play! this sounds fun. :)
blah blah blah blah blah
I love Spain! I can't wait to go back! Have fun! :)
lmfao , tell why i feel like ive been in a coma all day -_-
Hi John, can you DM us your e-mail address?
getting back into the swing of things...rock and roll
U know ya got senioritis really bad when you've already skipped class 3 times this semester & hit the gym instead! As of now
2 min away!
Gotta be patience to recognize true potential towards your future!
What a awesome experience be able to sit on the panel with such great leaders Sen Chris Smith & Commissioner Bates Thx Lauderhill great job!
Exactly 1 week until Family Day at Hartwood Acres. Bring the kids and join in the fun and while you're there, get an airbrush tattoo!
Impossible is just a big word thrown around by small men who find it easier to live in the world they've been given than to explore the powe
Getting ready to play the Daily $1 on tilt.
Can't wait! You never dissapoint...
whats good twitter!!!
Listening to "Crash into Me" is not a good idea when you are hurtling down a highway at 80 mph. Worse idea = simultaneously tweeting this.
GO GIANTS ALL THE WAY BORICUA!!!
I missed the snow! Darn!
Yeah I feel like that P&G news kind of went under the radar...I have always seen them as spending stalwarts.
If you want IT - GO GET IT. You might not can take a huge step but a small step by faith will get God's attention. - Coach Leslie
Practicing with the band for our four hour set at Tootsies on Sundayy!!
Last shot, this is the last shot
Besides handing out candy, spending my day prepping for next job interview! This one'll be an all-day event. At least no presentation!
then mumble off:)
I HATE my body I'm soo fat ah I wish u could eat and never get fat!!!!W2 yooo >:/
I know we aint got no strings attached but we could be the perfect match!
It's funny, you think your best friend would not hide anything from her other half or not tell her something. Nope.
Awesome chicken burrito bowl (@ chipotle)
Cotto keeping it close, but Mayweather keeps edging out rounds with quality punches. Floyd takes 9. 6-3 Mayweather.
When boys cuddle with you and hold you in their arms Cheergirl<333
and I can't #BELIEVE that it happened...#grateful #blessed #appreciated:) #DreamBig #muchlove:)
I am loving this conversation. Couldn't agree more.
Can't Spell Healthcare without THC.
Where is Tony Muser with his Tequilla when you need him?
ok I'll call soon as I'm done the shoot.
Welcome to the French embassy's Q&A session! Feel free to ask any questions you might have
Just so you know, can't live a life without commitments. No matter how hard you try.
Anyone wanna see Once tonight? I'm selling it In solidarity against Tuesday 8pm curtain
oops... meant to write Prescriptions... I do know how to spell that word... check it out. This is a fabulous site!
RT : Authors!!! Do not sign with Nova Cultural publishing out of Brazil. You may never get your money! Please retweet!
highly unorthodox, but I had a great time all the same! thanks for hanging out
I appreciate it, man. We should collaborate sometime.
im off to bed gn gb
Great meeting you too !! Hope your workshop goes well!
yes! Get me a band!
yay Victoria Walsh followed meh, ! That made my whole day. ;D
you goin for the pacers? bo lol
It’s #Valentine’s Day and in case you haven’t noticed, we’ve got a pretty good looking crowd. Come in for some Tuesday
Nothing is "fast" about weight loss. It takes dedicated exercise & nutritious diet.
Levaquin Approved For Treating Plague, USA - Medical News Today CTV.ca Levaquin Approved For Treating Plague, USA Medical News Today Leva
sounds good man. #realtalk don't need to come at me to get my attention. Theres enough jerks In the community already
"We will either find a way, or make one!" Hannibal
Great game!
Just finished recording the new video! Time to put on the finishing touches. Posting later tonight if all goes right.
so late but thanks for FF love :)
you rocked!
*with a glazed look in my eyes* Gotta run now, Pet. Do be safe, will you?
Thanks to our Customers, we are taking Greenwood, one bite at a time...come try a "Hill City Hot"... the record is eating 9 straight...
i wonder wht the fuk happen that fast ............. luv ya
Survived my 1st "Super Saturday" as a field director. Congratulations to the entire field staff for a job well done.
but look at the excellent discussion you and I just had about it!
Hello Running, I'm sorry for treating you so badly. Can you forgive me?
Sweet! Thanks!!! Im playing NYC APril 22nd at the Living Room.
hahaha I cried like 5 times in that document! Haha
Gonna have a long ass day tmrw
that's what I'm talkin' bout!!!
You're the lowest type
MAY PEACE FIND THOSE WHO ARE HURTING IN REMEMBERANCE OF THE PAIN CAUSED...
Ew. When you're mom said "he looks like Randy" I knew he wasn't cute. Hahaha
welcome to the and the best D in the NFL.
leafy greens resurrected!!
We are getting pumped for the #getdiscovered event tonight. T-minus 4 hours. cc: &
Other panelists emphasize acting the song, passion, authenticity, fire in the belly, resilience, bravery.
#FOOL ME ONCE SHAME ON U #FOOL ME TWICE SHAME ON ME
Any word yet??
This Patriots draft class could seriously rival the 95' Pats as the best Patriots draft ever.
Should you get to know the people or business that follow you on twitter . or should you this follow them without cause
why don't I remember that?
Whatever it is, I'm against it! No matter what it is or who commenced it, I'm against it!
New post: Have a great night
How about someone to strikeout at least 14 in no more than six innings?
show us yo' boobs and then we'll talk.
Seniors last day):
Awesome can't wait to see you at our party. Also hop on the #FluentBus tonight for free drinks and rides!
Funny shit written a wall circa 10,000 B.C.
RT : "We must let our children fall down...it is the only way they learn to get back up."
The more capital letters you use in an email, the longer it will take me to respond.
#ReplaceEminemSongsWithFart big fart
90% of Internet users in chile use Facebook, along with 89% in Argentina Peru and Venezuela
This project made me realize how perfect Colombian girls are. Holy shit <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
tell your dad happy bday from aunt eliz on twitter:)- and I totally agree with you -fairy tales put the wrong sex as hero:)
TIP: A tell is one of the most important aspects of live poker. It is a certain way of acting/moving that gives information about a hand.
hey! wondered where youve been!
<-- Business Minded.
thank you for thee shout out ! (:
The best thing about your Fridays is Austream.
wish I could be there tonight... Home w my kids. Get Up Stand Up...don't give up the fight...
Spike Lee is the black Craig Sager
This camera guy sucks
Over 100 subscribers to our Closed (but #free) #Beta so far! Interested? "Like" our page on Facebook & get #access today!
thanks for the tweets about our #AmericanU commencement speakers
Happy birthday to me!!! :) just wish i wasn't sick with cramps :/
my sister has that! I think that's the best option for you of you only want to read.
I'm not mad that its raining, but I sure don't wanna be out here in it.
That was insane! How quick was that?
Falling asleep sitting up is not comfortable.
C'mon Buckeyes. Really?
yeah, i usually use this, but most of the music on there is so ... cheesy haha thank you, though!
Everyone get #happybirthdayjohn trending (:
There are a lot of media people that should NOT be on TV but isn't one of them. Great job filling in on
Cabin In The Woods, craziest movie I've seen this year..
#WellingMotivation "An apple a day keeps the doctor away." "Keep on truckin'." "You're beautiful." Haha, love you four.
I love you
After seeing the Kate Upton / MLB2K commercial, a thought came to mind: Does Phillip Humber get to meet Kate Upton now?
When guys start getting their nails done. It's gone to far
don't agree. When u publicly say u meant to hit someone it's wrong. Maybe 20 years ago that was 'fine' but now, no way.
totally agree
I just watched on and I give it a H+ for Holly:) Great chemistry between her and Mr Rubbish. via
Thank you for posting the article - how many of the #Saisons have you tried?
"How does that dog match that guy?"
Omg the line to just get into the Lego store is huge. This is like an Apple event, but for kids.
I'm in meeting until 2:30 p.m. but I have a paper to do need to work.
a 24 year old millionaire ; bet THAT .
yes u do lol
I'm my doctors oldest patient by 8 years... But I get to watch Disney channel in the waiting room.
This weather makes me wanna play basketball or day drink or just be outside in general
Done doing deeds for the day, it's officially that time to pour up!
We'll miss you this week!
Note to self from San Francisco: napkins = trees.
Do I seem depressed?
#presidentialDebate Josefina Vazquez Mota on monopolies "if we open the markets women, the young and men will have better opportunities"
It is! I celebrated before leaving for work this morning ;)
Watching Human Target and wondering if it is mandatory for Chi McBride to play a no nonsense, gruff police chief in everything he does?!
I put the right one back in, the left side is still drying out...
first #e20 beer is on me!
Youll realize what you had till its gone. but if the other doesnt even care as much as you did you realize just who cared more
They think im just to white and nerdy .....
How many cops does it take to change a lightbulb? None, they just beat the room for being black.
depends on the album. They changed their sound a bit.
Surprise! You're being monitored... leads to strong reactions from MPs, and virtuous cycle
it can never b easy
Is Dana's husband in jail or something? Lol
No shit! I haven't received anything. I'm running out of time!!!
What did the penis say to the condom? Cover me I'm going in.
Once again you all amaze me with your effort. Keep it up, Mr La Puente is the MAN!
music+right ppl=connection
People always have something to say, even when the situation doesnt affect them at all, and they don't know the full story. You're retarded.
Dear random waiters at a restaurant where I did not eat,
I think this one glass of wine is enough for me. Lmao!
Words cannot describe how unmotivated I am to write this paper right now
They were delicious! :)
Bitch im from Dallas ! But i love Houston ! gold figure !
Too often focus of pedagogy discussions is on teachers as martyrs. Not enough proactive student-centered pedagogy cf.
Put them on BLAST! Hahaha!
But im gonna have to deal with it!
Had my daily dose of Waylon and Willie I am good now:))) need some zeppelin then I will be truly biscuit!!!!
They were indeed. Revival...?
Join me for my radio show TODAY at 10pm est at Djreyboricua No se lo pierdan !!! SALSA ES LO QUE HAY!
You're even MORE AWESOME for your loyal support to our boy !!!! I always BELIEVED!!! So happy!!!
We're very thrilled to be hosting the show!
Thanks for the shout out!
Do you have any news updates you want to discuss on Fridays's show? Let us know! Mention us & include
You can't undo what you did in the past. But you can start a new future. Have faith, be confident, and step forward.
. and I just bought our domain name for our upcoming branding launch! Stay tuned for all the real sassy sauce!
no under asics brand
ooc; for the fucking, doll face. ;D don't you remember?
I will for sure. Thnx again..
From now on, online chatting customer service will extend our work day (from Monday to Sunday: 9:00-24:00 PST).
San Diego, California Weather :: 60F OVERCAST WITH HAZE: 60F OVERCAST WITH HAZE
Through presumption comes nothing but strife, but with those who receive counsel is wisdom (Proverbs 13:10).
T.G.I.F.! We have the best fans in town—check 'em out this #FollowFriday! <U+200F>
You are correct sir!! I know I know!!
I'm glad both of my brothers cars were 3x as much as mine
Off to the game! Couldn't be happier w/ my decision to get tickets 4 "my mother's birthday present." Let's go #Boston #Bruins!
You didn't want to seat too, did you?
One of my favorite lines from Borat... And you're as pretty as the last time I saw you. :)
Can we buy you lunch?! RT : Just gave my month's lunch money to Hypothes.is, new nonprofit taking peer review to the Internet
Just about every day, I twist my brain to come up with a creative way of avoiding either affect or effect. Keeps me from looking the stupid.
I like that! Lets FETZ!! \m/
That doesn't sound like fun! I'm now completely terrified of what to expect in this upcoming rainy season. No power = no ac
Hunger games supposed 2 b pg-13. do u think it should b pg-13 or r?
Half the people know me as that silent kid who doesnt talk to anybody, the other half knows me as who i actually am *shrugs*
It's TONIGHT! 10pm at Jovita's! GREAT fun! Huge patio, great jazz music! One of the best places in town to hang out. See you at 10pm!...
outtah all the rappers in the world how many really gonna make it form the underground world ???
Monday. So ready
Going to the beach today!!!
Funny moment: I sign copy of Play Like a Girl to a talented girl- seems v. happy, then whispers "I want your other book [ChessBitch] too."
This Saturday June 18 plays Club Squared in State College, PA! More info on www.facebook/diveband
I feel like an old lady xD
Lai & Rod Snoring ..... Is NOT the business!! Lol .
Sure cute coworker, I'll play along. We can go get a few drinks have a long boring discussion. Or we can fuck! Whatever.
Classes are done! Time for job searching and wedding planning!
Happy Mother's Day!
: doesnt effect me at all. I was speaking to current political #WaronWomen enviro or havnt u heard?
Can't hear on the phone
Lol just write in "toy" after it, and look the teller straight in the eye when you cash it, and wink when you leave :)
happy 20th birthday to my favorite cripple and little, !
true! You could try a short workout, yoga? Lots of water & no sitting. Moving seems to help, even if just fidgeting in chair!
Setting a goal of reading 3 books over the holidays. Any suggestions?
ok you clearly see bronze behind rose not getting ducked on
My mom IMed me on fb, and told me i was a loser..
IKR! i miss you soo much !!!i dont even remeber the last time we hung out,oh yeah at the pool how long ago was that?
Im loving all these Father&Daughter performances !!
yes I do ;( I will never stop
Even though we've had to say goodbye keep me in mind
do you like #patron?
Does anyone know if #detroitstylepizza really originates from the motor city?
Why isn't there a record store that only sells Bjork music called New Bjork City?
In local news, our drought continues with a glimmer of hope of substantial rain this weekend.
New Costume Supergirl Costume for Women
Meant to ask you: I read you were going to Point Break Live, but I missed your response afterwards. How was it?
": Waiting for a text/call you probably won't get <"
Thinking about reading the Twilight series. So many people have told me they couldn't put it down. Vampires & werewolves hmm
Great businesses have a point of view, not just a product or service.
Count 'em one two three, you look so cute when you get that mad
And tonight, when I actually want to stay up, I am sleepy.
By the way was turnt up lastnight
hahaha right out of commission early......
Got the new twilight on DVD. Twilight>Vow
it is a sad time indeed when i need to delete the games on my hard drive in order to make room for research photos.
RT I'm all the way on the other side of the house and I realized that my music is loud af!
Never underestimate the power, courage and love of a mother. I love the 3 mothers in my life - My wife, My mom & my mother-in-law. Love you!
Ohh Noo !! I Forgot To Gove Jessica Her IPod Back ! D:
Happy one-second-old year
yes, and yes.
Interesting piece by in today on being adopted. She's always been encouraging in our adoption of LM. love you Lisa.
#humanitiesPhDs provide #counterculture #branding your company
good thing the judge liked me...lol
You can follow all the Indy 500 practice action through IndyCar Mobile. Call **INDY to download it now on your Verizon phone.
Would the real NE Patriots please report to the 2011 season!
"London is like New York....but British...." thanks mom that sums it up
"Flip-flopping and declaring war on marriage" is what my husband and I do every night, NOT what Pres. Obama did.
Free promotion site on my profile. get way more followers fast. Hey lets' follow for follow? whatdyasay?
Nice writing over at your blog! Added you to my RSS and will spread the word
i was tryna get to u know who, to get my hair dyed but niqqa aint answer.
No..no..Don't call me maybe
whats your facebook page name
I literally got ready for school in 5 minutes so I could go to breakfast with my dad..
plz dont cancel Laredo, TX. we lost our ONLY rock station & fear u might cancel
I hope my little baby is ok!
welcome to Twitter!!! About time one of my friends joined!
The boys and I agree...experiencing the City from our bike instead of car allowed us to see L.A. from a new perspective -
yes we are!!
HAHAHAHAHAHA. Maybe you should run up (and down) a few hills?
lmao...I do...I have my pajamas on
: what the?!?! Don't go if you're sick. I will cover for you :) Hope you feel better!
Big head
#ReplaceSongNameWithDeruler Deruler Own The Night (we own the night)
Good morning Twitter.
Teens on Laptops! Today at 3!
From team release: is stable & alert - undergoing tests and remains under observation at the U of A Birmingham hospital.
I've heard about that book! I'm curious enough that I might read it anyway...
do you know the results of the pit crew competition?
What? I never said, "B-b-b-b-but I'm too pretty to go to prison! That's what Tim Russell was for!"
ALIVE tonight , great way to start your weekend. We are fully booked for tonight. For GuestList,
Otto, night moose!
I sure hope so. I don't think people that stupid think straight though.
Bp tonight houuse all better be there.. Bring yo game face!
What's the big deal? It's DLC, you don't have to buy it.
Weekend of micromanagement. Lovely.
Oh the hysteria gmail is down!!!!!
had audition near Ivana Chubbuck's and it made me think of u since u always use her as an acting teacher example
S/O to my newest follower to follow her (:
preparing for tonight's "Evil Dead" rehearsal...it's going to be fun :)
Suzanne Ginsburg's 2012 book, Noike: A Memoir of Leon Ginsburg, tells her father's emotional Holocaust survival journey through WWII Poland
I think its pretty sweet that I made it in a bieber fan magazine .
"Yeah I got hella pussy last night.-never said the guy driving the prius."
If sex isn't a joke, what is?
yes sire :)
What a waste! That dog better be cute.
LMFAO "your only plan in college is plan b"
“: #MyPastRelationships don't affect my next relationships. You can't carry the weight of your past into your future.”
don't mess with me. I feel like throw up and I can't fall asleep. And it already sucks that we never see eachother. </3
i think u should follow me back :)
RT : Don't forget that we've got coming tomorrow for the first talk at 4pm in the Research Commons.
Yelled at,not feeling good, now work, bad combinations.hopefully i see her today
Time flies when you're a second class citizen!
'le obvious those swanky ass hoes!
thanks dude!
I should drink more at work. Hiccup.
yep. Text me when you think you will be there.
good morning
wow! Do you have sort of tracker on it by chance?
Yes we finally got a real d tackel
#ff shout out to one of my favorites
Phil Simms is pale!
Fox news call the president a skinny ghetto crackhead..
Kurt Vile's new release has been in heavy rotation for weeks. Best release this year so far, hopefully that'll change May 3rd!
I have been apartment browsing like a pro the past two days.
Due High winds PGA Tour Humana is interrupted by PGA Officials due safety concerns, Bill Clinton is playing also in course at La Quinta CA
when your friends lie and tell your serets <<
Thank you both so much for joining us!
i don't want my women to ever have to support me financially thats a mans job
Major League of Extraordinary Gentlemen Prefer Blondes
have you been to Wrigley? That's fun.
hey Bryan, thanks! I had not seen this!
What u tweeting bout?
This guy's really twisting the dagger.
DC: Our partners on Capitol hill are hot after Congresswoman Walters, Scandal, corruption, and yes racism headed her way.
hmm, good question, it looks like red clay, but we don't really have that around here as much as they do in, say, Georgia
then you are doing a great job! Hate turns into respect. A friend for a parent gets walked all over. Hang in there!
is it wrong that I love #rivermonsters?
Incessantly checking my Klout page until "Influential in narcissism" goes away."
Weezy killed tha awards, that's all I gotta say!!
Matt and Cassidy. Prolly others.
whaaaa! -grabs entire tray and runs to a corner to play with them like dolls-
Our Friday shout out goes to our newest Arizona followers:
RT : RT : "The road to success is always under construction" -
There's nothing a little Modest Mouse can't solve.
Save the date! Booksigning with "Grosvenor Square" author Katherine Ann Meyer at the Hill Country Bookstore in Georgetown, Texas on Oct. 7!
Thanks to the Hundreds of friends that came to our Rebirth Brass Band Grammy Victory Party 6 Ward
i luv my life guard pantss(x
“: Wishing you a great weekend :D hope your ok”>>> doing great babe! You?
Happy birthday! Proud of how you represent Mizzou! Continued best wishes with rehab!
Long day at work! Happy to be home with my hubby:) Nighty Night!
I am running it! It is my dream to joggle it one day. :)
Even though the basketball games aren't for several more hours, you should just leave work right now. Don't even tell your boss.
Tata&#39;s Jaguar Land Rover to invest in UK plant: report
Very cool tune!
saw it on hawaiian airlines!
hey CD folks: is there a resource that lists hardcover bestsellers that are being released in PBK this summer?
So interesting! Here, the black squirrels are actually a variant of the gray squirrel species. Love squirrels!
Saturday is bsu bro !
Pavelec on back not moving. wow.
People take this stuff to seriously! This is just supposed to be fun!!
Tired ad
Happy Mothers Day!!!
RT : Some of the cutest boys, Can be the most irritating shits ever.
Let me know where I can contribute
lmao, idk if you last w the way I'm sounding.
Just spent a solid 3 hours on the roof. Papa johns even handed us the pizza onto the roof
I like your 180 Heart for Valentine's Day!
Just because you put a pretty shirt over your muffin top does not make it a cupcake!
Listen all next week for special lounge tips at 9:35a, 12:35p, and 3:35p for a chance to win a pair of 3-day passes.
State semis next weekend!
okay I'll try(:
Is it possible to have PTSD from a dining experience?
and in the spirit of I went to Italy, ate beautiful food, and tried not to give a shit about my carb intake.
Had a great time in South Florida this weekend for a peacock-themed wedding! Beautiful with colorful feathers around everywhere.
Just tap it in, jus tap it in
Lmao personal days off ? What you think this is nigga “ idont really want to :/”
Good oral hygiene should be maintained with temporary dental crown. Soft brush should be used for tooth brushing and floss should not be...
LETS GO GIANTS! <3
I know what you mean. Same happens to me. I can't help it. I love the taste of coffee. Sometimes you just gotta have it.
Hit some of dis sticky wit me .
hey pdx people. i'm the singer for Bent Utensil. Covers of songs by A Perfect Circle, done acousticly. we wanna play a show. venues?????????
Coughing kids in the stands.
First two parts of afternoon lecture done. Time for part three - the magic!
Thank you! Are you playing on the KENS team?
haha i know. im going to be so bad
follow & cause they tweet a lot and 4 outta 5 are funny (other is vulgar)
my initial idea is "techy" stuff, both teaching and learning. would love to learn/teach outside of tech too though!
sorry, from my pocket!
I know! :/ I'm free all week except Thursday and I work Sunday. So whatever works for you girly:) Beach? Friday or Saturday?
I've never been so anxious to get back to school. The things this boy does to me...
I'm going to be out of town through Tuesday, but once I'm back, we'll coordinate and be there for booty kickin'!
ALL the pastels
Someone talk to me I'm bored haha.
An emergency!
bunny boo?
don't get run over out there, lol
omg im gonna die of madisons hotness lol
USA! USA! USA! RT American Jason Hartmann finishes 4th in the
Large Pirate Beach Party Balls Great for Parties! | the beach toys
The #weekend is almost here so come celebrate at Friday's! $5 Long Island Iced Teas included :)
thanks for unfollowing;)
My stomach going to be sexy come summer.
ok sure :)
Chilling chilling, can't complain.
Thanks, Mr. Hoff!
"The Puebla victory came to symbolize unity and pride for what seemed like a Mexican David defeating a French Goliath"
That makes 2 of us! RT : With my love for 80's movies and 60's & 70's music, I'm pretty sure I'm living in the wrong decade.
again ur csr's r terrible. Now im going to be late for work. Thanks for nothing.
Colors are my life
“: One last hint receptor sites .class over .I Complete You”. What the fuck
hahah! ok, ok calm yo tits down :P hopefully she answers today @ night or 2morrow in da morning *crossing fingers*
RT : Tigers hit.... Tigers win. Imagine that. {one more out...if they tie it up...grrrr}
SMH IM SO HAPPY I DONT TRUST NO BITCH ...
25 more school days left. 3 days until my birthday. Summer is getting closer..
Awh, no problem! Sorry we can't be more helpful this time around. Working to make these features reality soon :)
I just want some bomb top rite nw
it used to be the Flyers offense saving Bryz now they expect Bryz to save them
Ya, we like those people too! RT : Happy #FF! Check out the awesome staff:
Thank you and for tickets next Tuesday!
Thanks for the retweet!
Wow I feel really loved no one even posts happy birthday on my Facebook page and today is my birthday ;'(
Why is it, Rhode Island is neither a road, nor an Island?
In the future, everyone thinks, writes and talks like a tabloid headline writer.
Wen u cry real friends cry with u but fake friends just watch u!
...Thanks friend!
Are you prepared to be the very best you can be this lifetime? We're counting on you.
nanc did good todayy, gotta say
your always invited but you were at work
If employees don’t live the brand all the expensive branding voo-doo in the world won’t make it work.
He will be SO delighted!
my dad turned off my wifi so i got 3 bitches pregnant and pooped on his bed :)))
ShockingSportsNewsNetwork::Clemens re-trial jury selection underway, controversy in BeantownSox, Kenyans win a Marathon, i forgot to pay....
I need a foot rub...whose turn is it?
lol laura u r so funny n call my cell when u geta chance;)
Well What can i say when you take my breath away!? I LOVE E.S
Yeoo I Swear Is So Cute /: #JustSayin . . .
One of my favorite artist Jason Mraz !! RT if you like him..
uh oh I just saw a golf putter near one of our sales offices, what's next wireless ear mics & loafers?
The Ford Exploder
plzz follow me <U+E253><U+E011><U+E00E><U+E337><U+E022>
can't wait to see you in concert on Sunday 7/24!!! Aaahhh I'm so psyched!!! <333 #HAPPYBIRTHDAYSELENA!
umm I actually have a top 10... But you made it :)
Ok. I think I can pencil you in at 7.
No one gets me, like me you when you kiss me..
thank you kelly x
Your life is the garden, your thoughts are the seeds. If your life isn't awesome, you've been watering the weeds.
Doug Collins is 3-6 in playoff series. His 3 series wins are when he coached the best 2-guard to ever play. #MJ CHI can't lose to PHI
it looks fine bro
is there something in my settings?
12:50 p.m.: Rain has stopped and track drying has begun (12:50 a.m.)
Today Romney apologizes for actions he claims he couldn't remember yesterday.
o.O
"Anger is a wind which blows out the lamp of the mind." -- Robert G Ingersoll, American Political Leader
Mitt "my mother's father was born in Wales."
I'll bet you $46,368.86 you can't guess how much I owe my Bookie.
It's gorgeous outside! Who said #happyhour on a Monday isn't okay?!
That's what i like to hear! Thanks, Keep me posted!
haha well I can't argue with that! Maybe you guys should just take a private jet here! Lol
Too weak
She's the best <3
" It is not the years in your life, but the life in your years that counts." - Adlai Stevenson
was just sung Happy Birthday by her department during a meeting!
A bit late. And with only 20 roster spots, just not a lot of room to nab everyone I wanted, haha, trust me
is it twitdroid for the iPhone?
i meant outside of MD. I'm in Texas & when people stop to talk to me when I'm wearing my O's gear they are starting to believe
To think is easy. To act is difficult. To act as one thinks is the most difficult. -Johann Wolfgang Von Goeth
I mainly can't handle when the dad tells Belle to go on without him
I got ya you down there for school ?
R.I.P. Raph my nigga/brother for life....
The roots of all goodness lie in the soil of appreciation for goodness. -
But I'm Ray Charles to the bullshit
Going to safely assume that my Latte and your friend are not one in the same!
kevin heart is so funny
Conservatives ruining twitter with hashtag games is sadder. RT : Nothing sadder than a heartbroken little girl. :(
": being broke is not an option" Realest tweet today
what did you do...lol
Wait... a cyclone?! Really?
hey what's that a pic of?
We may have gone too far on the topic of keeping personal info private w/ our 12 yo. Her aunt called for our address & G checked w/ me first
Thanks for sharing! RT : Be of good cheer. Smile; it is contagious. Put this into practice with others & see for yourself.
is whataburger like mcdonalds? It sucks to eat this low quality food over here in Atl.ah.
If you're ever in need of a contractor to help you complete your home improvement tasks, We'd love to help!
sounds like a fun day baby
THERES A REASON FOR EASTER THE DAY JESUS WAS RESURRECTED SO DONT TAKE ANYTHING FOR GRANTED AND DONT EAT THE EASTER EGGS #STARBOYSTUDIOS!
good man
Thanks for the follow!
like, on the 26th?
Calling all business owners. I have great deals on selected Apple Products. Inbox me for details. Hurry offer ends soon...
Everyone follow ! I'm their new publicist!!
OMG IT WAS THE WORST MOVIE EVER DONE BY #TimBurton & #DarkShadows SUCKED THE BIG ONE
My brother just texted me a picture of Bailey's Chocolate Cheesecake.
lmao. I will be there every day to driving my family to the poorhouse
happy birthday!!!! :) ur so amazing and sexy and talented!!! I love u!!!! 13
Can't wait to see win his title tonight championship then its off to try my luck at
Each moment is real, each moment is all we have. What awesome thing can I do with THIS moment?
#SuperBowl is overrated, just like
you know, viagra, cause I'm an optimist
Apparently I like to yell holy shit in an old man's ears outside of blackbird.
Somebody Fumbled @ PRS my nigg's hit me up..
It's 's sweet 16 today! Please wish her a happy birthday!125
just had a great luncheon with the B2B women of
Check out the Sunset Special and Chef Geoff's Happy Hour @ Chef Geoff's in DC!
Ten minutes debating salvation with syllogistically-challenged Jesus-ers waiting for the bus; conceded to blasphemy, but only on their terms
Still don't quite understand the move with Milano & , anyone can tweet out a wayne gretzky quote
TGIF! Finally! :D looking forward for this weekend (y)
Today someone asked me if they could Twitter via our wifi. I said - yes and Pinterest and Prezi and Foursquare. Woohoo!
Did the aliens forget to remove your anal probe?
If sunbeams were weapons of war, we wd have had solar energy centuries ago. G.Porter
pissed off i want my motherfucking money like im sitting here thinking u need to pay up $3000 nd counting -_-
Discussing various LMS models at Masie. Many still have an LMS centric view of learning technology and want to layer SN on top of it.
yep, I thought the same thing. At least it was thw most original out of the nominees. Like I said, I enjoyed
Don't underestimate the Tenenbaums OST. Lots of solid tunes on there.
Note To self. Eat breakfast before going to get cavities filled. No eating until this afternoon. :(
Who's tryin to match up?
You would look funny with crab legs...
#WorstFeeling keeps trending. Why do people want to tweet about their WORST feeling & not their BEST feeling?
It is SO GOOD to see Aaron Rodgers back in that green and gold uniform...now let's do some damage...GO PACK!!
dude, you haven't tweeted in over a week!! WTF???? :P
There's no way your #Rangers win if they can't get the same calls for strikes that Carpenter got.
I remember being young tryna hustle my dope. Tryna tell them old junkies that my crack ain't soap
Right back at cha rt": hahaha! love u girl!"
It's Moms = maybe PTA Moms- Tranqs are a GREAT idea - especially for the autism room. Teachers pet!
i love you too
your friggin awesome!!
In 10 years NBA fans will be saying the same thing about full body tattoos on many NBA players today
#MyBiggestFlaw getting myself over worked and saying this I don't mean
Whatchinn Friday After next
Multitasking and watching AFV as well.
So now its bad to be good at your job? Go suck a lemon!
someone asked me if I worked at tilly's. Best day ever.
RT : Cool new feature from : We asked #baseball players which major-league cities they most enjoy visiting...
So.. Does that matter bro :D
I really hope it works out this time. <3
SO happy you put that magazine in its place! There is no room in this world for that shit!
Trust is like a mirror, you can fix it if it's broken, but you can still see the crack in that mother fucker's reflection.
Tevez on. Let's go Carlos!
is it bad if we have an inbounds play and i want to call a play i know? it'll work... lol
Adrian Gonzalez better not botche a throw from Youkilis, or Gisele will say "My brother-in-law can't throw the ball and catch it too"
They have aquariums as the back stop behind home plate..
maybe you meant 9 :-)
You're welcome! Thanks for having me! I'll keep checking back to interact with the peeps. =)
you took the Lions???
Note to self: get tetanus shot updated ASAP. Playing with sharp, pointy, old/rusty metal medical artifacts will get you into trouble soon.
Yeah since they forced the new look I haven't been happy with it. I find it harder to read if that makes sense.
Chilling watching "The Principal" on DVD :-)
Pretty Ricky "Grind With Me" NEXT on Kiss 97.3 *Kissing Between The Sheets*
Wonder is you could add sugar and caramelize the relish
Haha aww! Yeah she's a bitch to me and everyone else except my mom and my brother. She's cute though! Doesn't look mean at all
Just got my photo taken at the DMV I'm offically a Wisconsin resident.
JPMorgan's $2-billion loss renews calls for tough financial rules - Los Angeles Times
tweet #RevolutionSaturdays and have a chance to win a FREE VIP Table!
Chroma Fest begins tonight! :) Art show/open studios at our Central location (1606 Central SE #201) hope to see you all there! :)
If there's one song that could get everyone going...it's what is singing tonight at
ATTENTION: IF YOU WANT A CHANCE TO GET JUSTIN BIEBER TI FOLLOW YOU PLEASE FO FOLLOW MY FRIEND
Not judging but I've seen too many ppl make poor priority choices lately. It's starting to irk my nerves & effect me in a bad way
if u find one let me know lol
Upside of never unpacking from PB - I'm 95% packed for PR. Second time this week that my laziness has paid off!
Ok. I don't like peacocks that much. Anymore.
For the record I mean if I JUST let him GIVE me head that wont make ME a cheater right?
Greetings to new followers - Hope you are having a great week
ok, I'll do it! Actually emailed you last week. I hope it works out.
Almost asleep until my brain started singing "soft kitty, warm kitty, little ball of fur..."
I'd rather Chalmers have the ball than Stern.
Happy #WW and many thanks for the mention!
when is the next post?
Sounds soo good! RT Rolling out a new dish: Fried Headcheese with Whole Grain Sourghum, Arugula, Smoked Lemons, and Daikon.
Go to sleep, Eryn. JUST GO. TO. SLEEP.
How cute, he left me for the whole day -___- he better make it up tonightt thooo <3 lol
I wanna get over you but I simply can't
yea it feels great doesnt it lol. Went to ghetto ridge and it was crazy. So now online shopping.
You have to be at school in like 4 hours... no point. /:
Notice a said ba-jayjay, because a bug could easily crawl up my butt or vagina ---
Sketching out everything that I think I need to film in Philly this weekend is giving me a brain freeze.
Just reworked my web page, please take a look www.lesmahoney.com, and drop an email with comments thx!
Goodnight everyone! #blessed to be alive :)
My intern calls me Ms. Miller. Hee hee.
Quick question for you this fine Wednesday evening. Have you tried our Premium Margaritas? If so, which one is your favorite?
Thank you for following! can't wait to check out your swimwear!
Loving the idea of moodboards (look&feel of project)! Good for biz. But might be great for building own personal brand! (cc' )
niggas say they hate chicks who smoke cigs but if amber rose busted it open with a newport in her hand you wouldn't say shit
I really like your interesting, varied, and helpful blog-improvement tweets. Thanks for the follow.
“The truth is incontrovertible, malice may attack it, ignorance may deride it, but in the end; there it is.” Winston Churchill
I'm bored
No, baking cookies wont hide animal odors. Buyers and agents know the same tricks of hiding smells.
yay! thank you!
Imagination & creativity in rare form today...oh yea im lovin me.
RT“:Love from Great promise for multi-lingual communities like #Tucson.”
You wanna be.....high for this
Shopping's therapeutic.. .#faME#
Follow the #nightlife with
Haha. So true. And totally charming in person, too.
Haha I Know Right? :)
#hastag #raped by
Who wants to see Fiona Apple With me July 28th at the Fox?
Good luck to all the players drafted tonight, and keep your heads up to this that aren't! NFL Draft Time, who is your team taking!?!
We’re spilling the secrets @ #BoBNow. www.businessofbakingnow.com
S/O to the love of my life #SoccerStar <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
u know he lights up my world like nobody else :) <3
The Joico/Shiseido sets are a $44 retail value & we're selling them for $20! Plus these sets are supporting Joico's Beauty for Cure campaign
glad you enjoyed it! It was a great two days.
Watching a teenager wearing an Obama Hope T-shirt moonwalking across the street. LOL...
well if he is- he better name his salon something else if he want my business!
Cohen: No epidemic has ever been resolved solely by paying attention to the affected individual. (Albee)
I am a stronger woman because of his love.
i guess my question would be if you hate music that much, why spend money on it?
#Battleship is going to make hundreds and hundreds of dollars.
Come get your dance on down in belltown tonight! DJ Niros starts at 10 and is guaranteed to get ya booties movin
I'll be out there in June, we definitely have to see eachother this time. I'll dm you my number
This morning the agenda's ripe, I'll be at my computer to type.
He does feel better. I had the same surgery in 2003. We compared notes. :)
was at the Newark Student protest outside of the Board of Ed and City Hall. These students were passionate about their education.
just got blood drawn from me and I feel amazing. :D
Thinking about Darryl and the kids
so a super boring day............grocery shopping and oil change for my nitro..love that thing!
hahahahaha the New York Times already covered, that, if memory serves.
Well what kind? like rap? or rock (not metal), or something else?
"Excuse me sir, I'm with them" a man to an officer loading a paddywagon with African-Americans.
I told everybody nobody can stop austin rivers
Noticed that. I still want the answer to your question.
Ha. Thanks Jim!! ": Nice job driver & congrats to owner "
B&O. Good.
Just landed in Atlanta!
Tell me somthing i dont know...
Thanks for following! Welcome to the Family.
Being in a relationship is a full-time job, don't apply if you're not ready.
God. peaches are good! why cook them when they're so yummy all by themselves?
You got it!
Finna Go To Class Now
Now the big debate for when Bergy gets back...who sits? Will it be paille? peverly?
thats always a necessity!!!!
not much. How r u?
RT if you love Hawaiian Poke Bowl and we will see you at the Downtown Farmers Market Friday at 9am-1pm See you there!
Pretty darn American.
I just heard an ice cream truck. In March. In Cleveland. Sign of the apocalypse?
Need help? Video, web and graphics studio in search of clients who want more volume, email 727.560.6209...www.tvc-inc.com
Next months SMBSD event will be on Social Commerce
No, but definitely keep me posted if you find out any details.
Great day at the Con...will be getting the footage up as soon as possible.
Trained longer??!!?!??!? Isnt rayray a long enough train for u, damn, woman lol
Hey man. I've had the same email for like seven years.
probably till Avengers 3 comes out.
yeah I guess...just sad /:
Craving Red Lobster....yum!
My soon to be wifey
Our friend Kevin just donated $25!! With only 11 hours left!! Kevin you are a true Chum Buddy!!
I almost killed my dog! Thnk god he was okay, I was so scared my heart dropped! Damn my mom wuld have been so mad if tht little fucker died.
Good evening my friend.
It's not cheesy at all, I feel the same way! This article says the whole cast is staying, I really hope it's true!
What the fuck. The Maine is in Boston.
thanks to you both! now any advice for avoiding complete twitter addiction? I'm starting to get the shakes...
Being here in Seattle for the #BikeExpo had gotten us VERY excited for the awesome , our hometown show March 24-25.
O is playing with Brussels sprouts; who needs toys when there are fresh veggies lying around?
and no work emails!
Being the only person in the group that has #class can be annoying
#thatJustHappened two BP writers friended me on facebook #honor by &
LOL!!! She's fun
Recycling electronics isn't always easy. Eco-ATM helps collect used electronics, pays you and donates to causes. Winning!...
No need two... But been reading the reviews of #maxpayne3 9&10s across the board this game will be up 4 game of the year... Can't wait
I totally thought "hot yoga" was something completely different....
Scherezade Garcia wanted to create an abstract adaptation of body art the people of the Omo Valley make everyday.
Tonight: [ATL] SINdustry night- all in the biz employees FREE [FTL] Sexy Sailor Party- Seamen for everyone!!!
We are looking for awesome developers to join our team in dc. Contact me for details.
3rd Prize Winner: Bon Vivant Gourmet in Hollywood, FL!!!!
THANKS BABE :-) RT : S/O my new follower
RT : Still offering $199.95 migrations - whether you've been shutdown or not, we can likely still save you....
Anyone know any good radio stations in Connecticut?
Take your pet to the Vet for regular dental health check-ups
Sporting at the goal early
that would be adorable.
Looking to incorporate your business? Whether you want a LLP, LLC, or INC, we can help! Call today for a free consultation ~ 619.338.9500
y wont u ever notice me :(
I've played the game, so the ending is already spoiled for me.
I threw up in my mouth when I heard the logic of in explaining his greatness to on the
Good morning loves <3
Let's go #teAmEliminateDaLakerZ!! Ha
#teamfollowback! I'll follow you back. PROUD SUPPORTER OF JESSE DALEY!
All my reading group who also liked the Hobbit also like The Runelords and they're making it into a movie
hope the #NBALOCKOUT is done tomorrow. I need something to watch and I'm not white enough to watch #NHL. Come on #NBA. Quit being greedy
Who can't wait any longer for the riley dance marathon
Audition time, third call back today!
Best Foreign Language Film is... A SEPARATION! YES!
no more Flan Diddly!
Are you delusional? or Sick in the head?
Facebook deals and Facebook offers are different. How exactly? I'm not sure either yet.
you don't need it. Where's Adam? I'm sure he'll understand.
I'm sure I won't even know what it is after I ask my WordPress experts to explain it to me. So, hey ... cheers!
thanks for your kind tweets today, DO it -> go into education and be awesome, we need more passionate teachers
Paging Synamon to the principle's office
I really hope I get to go to a Braves game this year. Me and should take a trip down there.(;
CHECK OUT HOT AFROCUBAN-RUMBA-SALSA CLASSES. LEARN TO DANCE, HAVE FUN AND GET A GREAT CARDIO WORKOUT
According to RapLeaf I'm a single, childless, active political conservative with ties to El Cajon, CA.
Just saw a house with "enter at your own risk, you will die" written on the front of it.
Thanks Sue! We're honored to be followed by you :).
Attn Women: High wasted clothing does NOT look as cute as you think it does. It makes you look pregnant... Slightly frump..
If we go right after the work day im in. 5ish happyhour time? Lol
Going to "watch" debate via my twitter friends!
#SongsThatCancelEachOtherOut Need You Bad & Bust Your Widows -Jazmine Sullivan
Breaking News! I'm on to something big. Details to follow shortly.
This nigga rondo know he coulda went to the fuckin rack easily
what do I get for being your 800th follower. PS say hi to Dibs for me (we go way back...)
These rappers always say there's something in there cup and something in their mind lol
yeah, they need to start working out more
Movies have been my bff this week since I don't have cable anymore
On air tonite 6-9 90.7 FM WFUV pulled out. At 9ish our house band this month live from The Living Room!
I could have let you drone on and on...
Gigs! Fri - Omaha, NE at Barley St ... Sat - Kansas City, MO & Sun - Des Moines, IA at the Gas Lamp w/ 21+
Four followers from 300. Looking for peeps into sports, paranormal, wrestling, politics, and making films.
I guess that would depend on the type of movie industry...
Lee Brice 'A Woman Like You' just got branded! Check it out now
Looking for a career opportunity as a #cosmetologist in a new #salon studio in #Tampa's #HydePark? E-mail for more info.
Just spoke with , former CEO of Southwest Airlines. Already looking forward to his keynote at our Spring 12 CLO Symposium!
RT I think out train conductor is new. They overshot one f the stations. #whoops << I thought drivers drove trains, not conductors.
Boo, parking ticket, hiss
Yu must be Blind, Yu must Dumb, Yu must be Trippin, Yu must be Crazy
If you find out, let me know. I also miss Nirvana.
Wow! The Kings are amazing to watch. 11-1 in these playoffs. Not bad.
LOVE that band!!
Yes, Jordan in KC was very helpful. Thanks for following up.
like the laws full of power yet delicate like a flower& also so deviently sour.whats the metaphor about?sex or the life that has us devoured
#TGIF!!! I hope this work day goes quickly...I am looking forward to the weekend!
glad you could make it to the game. As always you were great singing the Anthem.
Lets SHARE! However, be prepared for when people taunt you with names like "Uncle Ben's Rice" and/or "Sticky Rice"
you are the world's most difficult person to get ahold of. poopnugget.
leave me alone !
So glad I scraped myself off the couch to go watch KILL IT at
your creepy
I've been feeling like that recently!:( I miss when Austin would make new covers & would do 2 ustreams on friday and NSD:(
I'm Kelsey Evans! Haha! Love you too <3
Yesterday I dared to struggle. I'm so Thankful for my Blessings.
You should win some sort of award!
Chillin talking shit with the Bros
fine thanks u?
Watching your #niners today at your favorite sports bar?! Don't forget to redeem your #bartab drinks!
I was thinking the same thing... sometimes I am too lazy to stand and shower
I hate when I get into these stupid moods. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
Gardner Campbell leading a great session right now.
Yup, he pretty much just did. And just like that, homefield mean jack.
getting ready for another highschool open house
Thanks for the follow Sophie. We hope you enjoy our #startup concept and there are many things to come! Never been to france.
You know we got 'em NEED NEW HEADPHONES!
Hey New Yorkers! Tune-in to FM on 9/18 at 7AM to hear an exclusive interview w/ #ABirdoftheAir director Margaret Whitton!
I'm talking to you right now! :D
i saw a dog get run over this morning :( that stupid lady speeded up, i hope she gets what she deserves!!
Thank you friends! I'm excited :)
You also going to talk to the Colorado Coalition for the Homeless as well?
hahaha yeah, she looked disappointed! #YOLO <U+270C>
I'm excited that Photoshop CS6's selling points are practical features and not ten more magical ways to remove awkward trees from my photos.
I can't help but laugh when they say "He's got him in a rear naked choke" during a UFC fight it sounds homo erotic.
Isaiah 1:17 "...Defend the cause of the fatherless..."
Really hoping that tonight's episode of #MadMen is a bit faster than the premiere. Excited nonetheless!
WOO SEATTLE!
Overtime? My heart can't handle this
Ugh ugh ugh uh
Pittsburgh's own vodka and the sheet is goo! RT : $2 off Coupons on all bottles of Clique! Stop in a store!
k I'm not lying though lol
Stop in today :) 7575 Linda Vista RD SD CA 92111 (Rain or Shine)
The chick in love with Davie is hot on her facebook page.So tell me why do you guys gay bash so much on here
Seattle is waiting :)
“: Dearest Austin, Never stop being yourself. Don't let fame change you. :)”
All right thank you so much! I owe you! I'll drop by the theater after school.
" Live, Love, Learn. Leave a Legacy" --Stephen R. Covey
Cram it in the boot.
be careful!
Heading your way tomorrow! Yay! RT Thanks for following! Hope you enjoy the tweets about the #Kenosha area!
Apps for kids at boing boing a useful review site for apps. iPads in the library
Thinking "fuck yeah" when the train comes into the station without slowing down.
Hopefully i'll have updates on the book soon
We Bought A Penis
Gotta say, the AdBlock April Fools joke is pretty cat-tastic!
get on that walkie and make it happen today
Lmao I just fully redecorated my phone :)
Havn't used tweeter in awhile
what do u want? :)
Thanks for sharing your thoughts on the essay, Mark.
Up lookin at my stocks! Shit been goin strong lately! I love wallstreet
I swear I alomst just cried when I whatched that!:') your so talented and cute!! But I dont think you will ever notice me.....
Good Afternoon!! How r u today??
That's my No. 2, and just barely, too.
I know, right? I saw more when we were in Chicago last fall and she lives 10 minutes away from us!
glad your back, we love you!
...A man that believes in nothing will fall for anything!
#fridayreads Trail of Crumbs by Kim Sunee & listening to Fragile Things by Neil - excellent writer & reader!
just saw you on TMZ :)
yea!!! Rep on rep on!!!! Thanks!!! Your gonna love it!
OK not real riots. I just want glum liberals unlike 08. That was a long tough night.
I think The #RoboticButts would be a good band name.
Whats up twitter?
Spark one up! Happy 420! HFM!
Not busy fixing Super Bowl treats? --come to the free Sunday community class at South Mountain Yoga, 18 S. Orange Av., S. Orange, 4-5pm
hi my name is kari i happen to be at work and i would enjoy to make money today...please and thank you
you should go crash their prom!
I can't argue with that
So jazzed about seeing family and friends this weekend, celebrating Easter, and not to mention chowing down on delicious foods!
video was funny
procrastinating to the max #verybad -____-
Doing Level Checks
I don't think it's a big Ideal if u love the person it shouldn't matter age is just a number.
You know that Seth Davis tweet was taken down right?
LOL, I've got plenty I could teach them! How've you been?
Me & just made the best cake ever! He wasn't much of a help though. Posting a pik later.
Not in #OZ but be sure to check out with the #IMAGINARIUM team.
OOPS MY BAD. (:
Wedding's, gala's, picnic's, boxed lunch deliveries...We are your one-stop shop! Who do you know needs catering? www.sazs.com
hahahaha i really can't oh well ima go back next week or sunday haha
Why do i even care.
That sounds fabulous. I want a brandy-filled hip flask too!
(me: Not sure if Smith confusing Healthvault, (still alive), w dead Google Health, or doesn't think much of HealthVault prospects.)
no one told me this. I'm considering packing up the family and moving back but then I might bring them to you
Positive thoughts and prayers for everyone in Central Texas battling fires today.
Don't hate me cause I'm beautiful (; #youaintbeautiful(;
Denmark allowing patrons to simply check out iPads like books.
Do you mean because you're always joking? Or is this a joke way over my head?
ha! It's a +K kinda day! Thanks for the +'s! Have a great weekend!
lol yes I clean everything -___-
agreed it's getting better with every episode! 1st episode was ok, 2nd one was good, 3rd was even better. Keep watching!
It's the first day of summer school! I am happy to take a break and do all my summer projects.
Hm... Was I talking about this before? I'll be doing a workshop at Africa Travel Association's Congress at Vic Falls.
#thelyinggame I'm all for Emma and Thayer now. He's the only one who isn't consistently lying to her.
#SOAR Can you put your promise back on the altar and trust God with it?
You can't tell your friends how to spend their money. Unless you give them a gift card to Fashion Bug.
It's funny looking at the timestamps for discussions in my hybrid comp class: they're during class time. Still, it is class business…
haha that was a fun ass class! was always making videos of us acting stupid.
U know? -6*F really feels no colder than 0*F :D
you know when Mcdonalds mess up on breakfast the whole world gotta hear about it. Lol xoxo
last day of w/
So, do you just search for people mentioning Gliffy and yell at them about your product? Is this even a real person?
The Grizz survives, forces game 7!
who r they
Sweetie don't worry you'll someday... It could be closer than u think :-)
Since nearly all of my favorite players have been demoted/injured Swisher is my main source of happiness now.
thank you for walking me through news release #2 thank you for walking me through correction
Whats Up with Tiger Woods? Why struggling w/consistency? Check for my blog before Tiger tees off on Saturday!
Had a fabulous Sunday. Church in the a.m. Great food n company in the afternoon..Time to wind down and watch # RHONJ !!!
Many a golfer prefers a golf cart to a caddy because it cannot count, criticize or laugh.
Emcee Dwane Brown introducing keynote speaker Lisa Nichols ().
Well then I can help you even more!
Youth take up challenge to popularise rabbit meat in Kisumu - Business Daily Africa
Banks to spend Billions to comply with 'reform'. Think how many business loans could be made and how many jobs created with that money.
We was saying crazy shit 2day
My dad throws a slab of meat in my room and closes the door.
What kind do you like to make?
Baby momma won't let me see the kid, this that bullshit
Someone once said "If life hands you Lemons, make Lemonade." I'd like to find that person and savagely beat them. Well, maybe rough them up.
Rarely? I'm not even sure I or my closest colleagues have a clear sense... the air around it is so polluted.
Dogs?Cats? Furry Friends? Be sure to check out for pets! They have a great nutrition-focused pet supply store in Rio Rancho!
'DWTS' Melissa Gilbert on Maksim Chmerkovskiy: 'There Are Very Few Bodily ... - Celebuzz
Boomerang > New Cartoon Network
"When something happens that's new, it's easy to categorize it by its abandonment of the things that we know." (NGA's Pictures of Nothing)
is finishing up her digital portfolio for the Public History presentations tomorrow!
Good! Look forward to meeting you!
“: When you start leaving all the partying behind is when you realize your growing up.”
I cant trust you, no i hardly even know you
karma is a bitch tho
Had an awesome trial run last evening. All set for Sunday
#dragongate I can't wait until Johnny gargano defends his title again
Add a couple dancing girls & crossed 6-guns to that, I'll consider it.
like a real little bit I tried to learn it but I just could never catch on to it.
Ted, you're a dimwit! (I wish Dick Cheney would take you hunting.)
I MISS YOU SO MUCH<3 I love you bestfriend!
After helping you make the playoffs last year and you have to hate...RT : I love all these Os fans now diggin themselves too!"
Wrapping up the week with some great weather. Have a great weekend, everyone!
#ireallywant to go back to bed.
despite my flaws, i'm finally able to say that i love myself. It's weird but i now believe it. <3
I'll b lot > symp 2 "sacrifice" talk when Pentagon, Chase, CEOs, 1% in gen start sacrificing!
FNM have Clifford Park booked. Sea of red.
Suited up with long underwear for Roman's T-ball practice.
Come on.
"Tucking your bigotry in your bible doesn't make it any less wrong." truer words were never spoken !
Industry night #QueueBarLounge #lasvegas 9pm-5am come visit & win some money blackjack & video poker bar top
Drink #2 irish car bomb
Jimi Hendrix all along the watch tower. The who who are you. Bob seger turn the page. The cars magic
I am following you
Late-night drive. Downtown Cincinnati looks so pretty right now.
Listening to webinar on active listening in social media.
I do agree with your statement on pride instead of self-depreciating hatred
has anyone mentioned that you're a tease? ;-)
Thanks for your support.
that was special what you said ha
i think i'll put a call into walker's office myself. something tell's me he'll fall for the "is your refridgerator running?" prank too
that show was AMAZINGLY terrible! I would watch it every day if i could. But now apparently cant :(
awww I love u too(: <33333
Hoes going be hoes so u can't blame tammy
working @ Crazy Girls off Sunset and La Brea.
Aw.....call him. See if things have changed. I was hoping for Sean & not lawn furniture 4 furniture boy!
I'm looking for some rockstar #iphone #ipad developers. Any recommendations #sxswi #sxsw friends?
Oh also there were zero students besides Wagers at he conference. Not surprising since they were quite condescending about young people.
You won't find faith or hope down a telescope, you won't find heart or soul in the stars.
If the bills draft you we will have the most swagged out wide recievers! stevie j and floyd the kid
Great session today!
The history #pulitzer goes to the late Manning Marable, whose "Malcolm X: A Life of Reinvention," is also a finalist in the bio. category.
My FOOT. Nope not going tomorrow.
i aint been on here in a minute
Downtown San Diego? Why not come to Dobson's for lunch? www.DobsonsRestaurant.com/Lunch_menu
bummed I'll miss ya! Omw now!
Best piece of #advice I've gotten in a while - "don't get caught living in the #monkeyhouse."
have you moved to Wisconsin? trying to find the right person?
good to see you today!
Never look back unless youre planning to go that way.
Aw thanks Aj!!
Very tough if 50% from 3 RT : If Wisconsin has Ryan Evans making shots on a consistent basis then Badgers will be a tough out.
We will be in the Third Ward for lunch today. See you today!
Daisy Got The Same Birthday As My Daddy & Little Sister .
Ted! Good morning, superfriend!
It's true. I also found a burned copy of the Ludo CD with your handwriting on it.
R&D means rip-off and duplicate
Excited about the Oscars! I think I know who and what the winners are:)
FF awesome tool 4 talented actors that want 2B seen by Hollywood professionals Don't miss out register today it's still free
RT : Hello everyone! Milwaukee was great. Shoot my #WI DOT commercial today and spoke at the #PDPW. Click it or Ticket!
Love the lil ones! RT : I had a student ask me where the children's section was in our library today. Our K-5 library.
we're all agog waiting for the details to drip from your honeyed lips.
Bullshit Wenger you lost this by playing Rosicky in CM
How did the exam feel? How brain dead are you now? How many drinks have you had since? ;-)
Life is uncertain. Eat dessert first. -Ernestine Ulmer Our version: Life is uncertain. Drink wine whenever possible.
I AM SOBBING
Shopping, passport, more shopping, prom dress, tryout video, packing, bahamas, competition, school, work, cheer ..
Just picked up "Loneliness as a Way of Life" by Thomas Dumm. This should be quite interesting.
If u argue with me u need to give me stats otherwise
congrats Jessica !
Finally off going to pick up my baby
I cant im at my dads house:(
Very sad and shocked....RIP Mike Flanagan...
. don't forget to mention power of hyperlocal display advertising in your Groupon chat ;)
Got another angel looking over me, R.I.P. Nonno love you
#np Who You'd Be Today | Kenny Chesney
see you in one week! It's our reunion!
daamn. I was gon come support you at the relays this weekend! But I gotchu next year (:
oh really? I just learned!! Pancit making party with ??
ah!! Suspenders? Lol!
All human power is a compound of time and patience.
THANKS a bunch, Matera! You ARE special!
:EEK got a 97 on one of my finals
Welcome home!
Enough evidence for me!
thank you for the reply! Love your choice!
Thank YOU so much for coming! Photos soon. It was awesome to meet ya.
Graduate June 7th still got externship but came along way! Im proud of my Got Damn self... The devil try 2 knock me down but he FAILED!
Haha. Stop it, you're making me blush!
Abq's 90.7 K-LOVE is set up at Outpost Ice Arena on Tramway for free "skate with the Lobos"! Now till 4!!
you forgot my email? :(
Spring Break is turning into "wifesleeptilnoon" week. Way easier to wake up and get everyone off to school than entertaining them all morn.
Oh so you drink and you're in the 8th grade?..... You are so cool.
Misses the spirit where the work stemmed from?
yo we just finalized the pre-production sample so they are gettin made currently. Will def let everyone know when they are ready
ah you like austin???:) if yu do please follow me!!:) i love him to
Catch the DOOSH this Saturday, July 30th at 11 pm
If Biggie was tweeting last night he would have said "Mo money, mo problems."
tearing eyes off.......potatoes.
Stars game with Sittin in a BOX!!!!!!
Do any of you have pictures that you can tweet from the event last night?! :-)
I have a pic with your father, Calvin, from when I was a kid at a #DUKE game at #MSG, great man, raised a great son.
Time and a half makes this shift at work magical
Yesterday was the first #SafeSexWednesdaySWAG if 2012(:
I love reading tweets from people whose voices I know since I can hear them saying it. I think this means I need to meet more Tweeps.
had a great time at Pete Miller's tonight. Band sounded superb
Highered Current featuring Justin Dillard and Bobby Broom at Pete Miller's in Evanston!
Thanks for the seafood summer bash RT :)
RT Favorite linked story collections: Gil Adamson-Help Me Jacques Cousteau >>Good info from someone who reads short stories oftn.
Aloha 2012 is going to rock!
<U+2665> When you are in Love you can't fall asleep because reality is better than your dreams. <U+2665>
Happy Birthday babe...we need to talk ASAP.
Thanks for following. See you at one of your gigs ( or mine ! next week )
Damn, really?!
Do you think in years all little girls will be born with duck faces?
with who?
Just had the worst customer service experience EVER on #continental airlines.13 hours in Newark airport, no hotel, no compensation.
Thank you Glyndebourne Opera, for bringing Hansel & Gretel to the net! loved it!
After 7 I ain't tweetin no more...serious
RT : Charlie Gibson reports that when POTUS calls Axelrod, the ring tone is Signed, Sealed, Delivered
todays 's last #MyWorldTour . ever. theres so much more to come but ill always remember that kid in the white jacket with ...
link didn't work :\
"#CoreFusion #Barre or #Yoga tomorrow anyone?? See you there for a real good burn! #gotcore" I meant #CF cardio not yoga,lol! Goodnight!
New bands and artists coming soon
I'm excited to hang out with & this weekend, we have some catching up to do!
Oh I see lol
...and for hosting! And for the poem to cap it all off!
when are tryouts for the bullpen?
Blah Blah Blah Kurt Cobain
Latest release makes it even easier for agents, photographers & homeowners to collaborate on listing marketing
haters hate cuz they jeaolus of my swag bitchjez :P
I've been curious as I've heard mixed reviews.
how are you ?:)
I sent you a direct message. Let me know if you have any questions.
that's actually the correct way to abbreviate million. One m is thousand.
Remember when government officials were expected to behave in a mature and professional manner? doesn't, apparently.
Love your use of Pinterest. I'm doing some research on educators' use of Pinterest & curious if you could recommend 4-5 others.
#agents Have some new clients who are looking for casting agents, anyone seeing new clients?
I really wanna be on SNL sometime in the future.
Swimming Pool Maintenance u<U+0455><U+0435>d t<U+043E> be a herculean task. Call Danna Pools Inc. for the best prices!
lol they are!
hey someone tell me what to draw okay
Boys on this train clowning each other trying to get laughs:-) oh high school
Left kids with husband and escaped to Pike Place Market
Quote: "You can be free. You can be black. Look at me! I'm the Heavyweight Champion! Can't nobody stop me." —Muhammad Ali
Hooray beer!
100% ready for the #NJDevils tonight. Wearing all red and black :)
Back in the AZ desert. Last week I was running at 8000 ft elevation and 38 degrees. This week 100 degrees plus!
#ImMadBecause the page count gremlin keeps eating my pages and making me write more for my #lawschool paper.
Thanks for the RTs!.. You are welcome. Please visit www.listyourshop.com to sign up your store(s) or call 469-202-7148 - Zak
If a woman with no clothes - it does not mean that she trusts you. If without the makeup - means.
Thank You for telling it like it is.
For just over 1mil right? ": RT : CIN/DEN/JAX/MIN/TB only teams in NFL that didn't take additional room in '12...
Alright, signing off of #teenchoiceawards tweeting to watch Same Name on CBS, bitches. Mike Tyson meets Mike Tyson. Whaaa?
you got my credit card, so run it for the belt, or do you take only checks for this? Privacy Policy?
Heads up starting tomorrow you can download 2.3 gingerbread for the evo manually or you can wait for the auto update on June 6th.
what I did I do now lml
I just went to the denist a few hours ago guess what no cavities but I need braces that sucks
did you do well then? I remember my first time. It was fun and a bit scary... Yet again it's an Alaskan mountain LOL
The Agave Harvest
One person is dead after an apartment fire in Savage. Watch 5 EYEWITNESS NEWS NOW.
Glorious sunshine how my pale skin has missed you this winter!! 70 degrees today
Joel hooked it up. I'm in studio a. Thx
no falls but looked like a dork :) how's your Saturday night going?
ok it will be
I'm kind of hoping that Sham 69 reunion hits Chicago. I'm also hoping it has nothing to do with Riot Fest.
waiting for & to get here before we start mad men. if this isn't friendship, I don't know what is.
We are very excited to have had the opportunity to work on this amazing project for a great client. Thank you for sharing it.
+ + peyote = funny as hell. And everyone was sober.
Chuck Brown -- Cant Nobody Do Me Like Jesus
HEY GET INVOLVED YOU GUYS ROCK PEOPLESTRING!
Easter morning... and I can't get a peep out of anyone. Hoppy Easter!
is open today!!! Come and try our lunch buffet 8.95 or Dinner buffet 11.95
High fives following pals!
Lawyers for Prosser and Kloppenburg just met privately to work out the plan. For now everyone seems to agree. The judge will take it up now.
“Nothing happens until somebody sells something” Without good marketing, very little will sell itself
#Vote for Ken Leonczyk if you want to restore the American Dream!
CB! The song is called "Disengage" it's on iTunes for shizzle! Were you digging that one or what? ;-D
spring break is almost here!!! i wonder if six flags will be open?
belle's stayin' another night :D text me :)
How are Peruvian bagels?
I thought so, all the girls screamed lol
Idk man nah not the same as last night. I feel bad.
Nobody knows just what seeing those two together can do to her
haha right on bro, preciate it
Speaking of booksamillion...
Of All Bodybuilding Advice Is Dead Wrong!
Bake sale and Bounce house at Walmart :) OneAndOnly<3
Sometime you gotta give them a reason to hate you
My first word of knowledge:
i love kobe man lol so deservedly cocky.
I keep getting targeted adds for Radical BMXers! Wow if they only knew what a BMX snob I am....
I said a bang bang bangity bang
sounds like
That's so great to hear! We look forward to welcoming you back!
haha sounds fun; and Jacksonville is amazing. Im fucking loving it here!!
You, are the best!
Hey guys, we sent over a special delivery (Beta) via e-mail. Let us know if you received it.
- so what happened??
what up man! How r u doing? Hit me up.
Country night in Libertyville Sat 1/14 as SUBURBAN COWBOYS performs at Mickey Finns. You could win tix to Chesney/McGraw!
Can't we just have Besler throw in those corner kicks?
Where would we be without ?
One day at a time work on your dreams. Think of a day as a step.
I'm going to miss Wizards of Waverly Place so much!
Thanks Wes!
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) What kind of donuts do the Boyz like? :DD 24
if I wasn't, like, falling asleep as we speak, I'd totally be there! #nevertoolateformimosas lol
So are the SPURS playing against the refs too?
#dear14YrOldSelf weed is everything its cracked up to be
wats up with these custy ass niggas, that tried talkin to me last year, hittin me up tonight?
I just finished a 6.50 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
oh hey gurl... Hey!
there is much argawarga in the waste...
Bored on the train, not even halfway there. Feel free to send me entertaining texts.
I wanna say its Tom Hanks but then I'd just be paranoid
Cool, thanks for checking in; hope all is well!
a The Miami HEAT
no downtown
I'm buying an iPad today... Need an eReader, I think this will suffice the best. Hmm.
good call wasn't down
Whoa, that never happens.
At at the clinic Need 4 SHOTS!! and I havent eatin yet soo.. I think im going to faint >:]
When I was 12 I was playing n64
If you think the Flyers are going to beat The Penguins.....Pass the CRACK PIPE!
BiG UP TO MOJOE'S and BABA HAPPY BiRTHDAY BRADDAH!SUCH A GOOD FEELiNG TO PLAY iN OUR HOMETOWN OF KANEOHE,Hi FOR THE FiRST TiME BLESS!!!
The Word defies its holder. The Word is Anarchy and the Poet, its syndicate.
I'm finding it hard to focus on cataloging this last day of winter. Blaming the SuperMoon.
follow (Aline Smithson)
Well intentioned but often wrong: Ministries beware of for-profit Social Media gurus advice...we play by different rules!
Smoke wed everyday (:
How are you? Who do I send the song to get submitted to you?
Whoa - Jessica Simpson finally gave birth to a baby, after gestating it for thirty months.
on the Amtrak to DC? Just saw that myself.
done! Then we are going to post that baby doing EVERYTHING!
Never ever ever fly American airlines. Ever.
: "world as #cyborg habitat: emergent #techs, shifting boundaries btwn living & nonliving, optional embodiments." Happening now.
Trying to find TP in gelman is like trying to find a needle in a haystack
hi diane! question- is buttercup squash a "winter" squash? yes or no on #21DSD ?
so jealous :(
Shiz yeah Muthas! Check out the new sledgehammer "Dominion" and that will make you cool!
thank you love<33 make sure to tell some friends!
aww, a good morning wake up call <3
freaking congrats!!
Big groups of bicycle police in downtown Chicago. Normal or practice for tomorrow / NATO?
There is strength in numbers! So true!
Follow me??
good...Im just going to sleep
Updating our website so to add the subscription feature for Nuits D'Elite! Check back soon!
Tips: Add more liquid. Put harder/colder stuff in first.
I feel that (looks at sagging bookshelf)- what have you come across that's good?
flyers pens game almost looks like playoff hockey! Great game so far!
Have you tried blue widow?
Mark, you are too kind! Thanks for that! I happen to think you are pretty awesome yourself.
Foo Fighters for the win #Fuckthehaters like I said. Walk!
As an old hairstylist back in the 60's..I really remember my 1st really bad hair cut I gave & the young girl cried..
#INCS ..."The Last Great Daguerriean Survey of the Twentieth Century"? Definitely want to check out more of his work.
Bullshit. Weei in Portland blacked out cause of Sea Dog baseball?! I love the Dogs and all but c'mon really?
Well, that wraps up our questions. Thanks Kevin for all of your insight today. #4profitchat!
Go Get Em! Good Luck!!
Just overheard a girl say "whatevski" Sick.
I think airports look like a giant contest called "Who Looks The Tired-est." I'm'a win this bitch.
This song reminds me of "Beauty and the Geek"! Man, I miss that show.
If you believe you can, you probably can. If you believe you won't, you most assuredly won't.
main event! ready for some scoopage afaik!
5 months what?
Praying God brings me what I need..single life gets old...
k twitter i am back i thot would take longer than i thot but nope but i am back i got a shower brushed my teeth got dressed whent out
Quick way to get blocked: blast me with about a dozen "inspirational" tweets in a 10 minute span
the "kids" and are going to do just fine. And yes, a proud parent....
Club Rats come in all sizes with various levels of tact. One day I aspire to be Jersey Shore level. (yeah right)
Thank you allergies... Benydrl is on my side.. Lovely day.
I'm impressed, Google Maps already has updated bus information
First NASCAR crash of the year... I'm all giddy inside...sike
am reading in print, bet that was a headache, oof. & yes there are so many dildos flopping around this season! I don't get it
I just saw a Mexican dude with a mermaid tattoo on his face.
from head to toe
Peek into the future - cember Trend Briefing: 11 Crucial Consumer Trends for 2011. www.trendwatching.com/briefing. Via
Just listened to Giddy on Up and was thinking... I just LOVE . Nice work lady.
UC Davis pepper spray incident reminds me of paramilitary action in the 60s & 70s re: Vietnam protestors. I don't want another Kent State.
come live with me and
me-dad i need shopping money dad-y u tell me this dont need to no ur broke me-can i have shopping $ from u dad-hands me 100$ thanks dad:)
to my knowledge they can be cited. If you find any of mine I will take them down personally.
“: and anyway, your current haircut is good enough!” :) thanks. I'm kind of just tired of long hair. Haha.
I bet this dude has MORE SHOES than the law should allow lol
"i would like to program with fire" < awesome
I haven't had bangs in a few years and I've been thinking of crossing over again.
Where is my plane?
Killer quote.
Maybe we just need to make them happen, then.
"We have very few answers to these questions. If we did, you would hear them," said Kenneth Whalum Jr., Memphis City School board member.
Remember the group hug at the Dbacks Astros game?
Thank you for freaking me out. Haha and I was about to go to bed too. Thanks Molo
How is everyones Sunday morning going!? Let us know
Good luck, Hounds! RT : Good luck to our Marching Greyhounds today.
amen to that sista!
Scalding hot black coffee and a cigarette outside. I may burst into flames.
I love when a rainy day turns to a sunny one, but I hate when I've been wearing rain boots and then suddenly don't need to be.
get here girl!
On it boss :)
way to run the heat on a day where it's going to be 80, old office building
is diggin this thing called Twitter.....
One of our favorite music videos...it should be one of yours too :)
Here comes the insomnia...
I have a date!
Interesting thought from session on public records request: Every valid FOIA request is a failure of open data. True/false?
What up tweeps?
why do i always quote #MASSHOLES when im drunk? must be a boston thing
They don't even care :P
If you have health, you probably will be happy, and if you have health and happiness, you have all the wealth you need, even if it is not...
The greater the difficulty the more glory in surmounting it.
Thats fine and all but to interrupt a playoff game to recite some names no one will remember for 10 seconds?
What's the difference between deer nuts and beer nuts? Beer nuts are $1.25 and deer nuts are under a buck.
Just got 5 frames to try out from at no cost, shippin em to the office. So rad.
awesome blogpost you did on my presentation, mucho thx!
Madonna and Jennifer Aniston like ties ¬¬
Everybody hass that one friendd who always caught inaa lie , !
Local cow is excited about being raised organic, but not looking forward to being turned into "local grass feed beef."
Frozen penguin:)
most astonishing thing I witnessed today? a guy on a motorcycle going about 45MPH and texting....TEXTING...looking at the cell phone to text
truth be told i'm at #strataconf soaking up great prezos while writing a proposal that's due today. My kind of workation :)
“ I beat the beat the up up up up up up up ... #myjam”
good point. Definitely a disadvantage for Washington in this series. Bad on the PP, too.
You think she'd go out with me?
You are funny with the extreme early planning for a trip!!
Exactly ==> Ill take a chick 2 court 2 plead my case "She was a stripper, cuz I tip'd her"
Brackets are out people.
Fabulous conversation with Now there's a class act.
okay, sure!
I'm gonna ask for it for my birthday
lol who rapped the doughnut song Rick Ross
basketball is like war in that offensive weapons are developed first, and it takes awhile for the defense to catch up but this one defense..
Fuck it all. I'm done. x
Snow and cold, sunny and warm, then rain and snow. No wonder why people get sick.
First our privacy, (patriot act) now our vote, (licensed drivers only) ??? Anybody else a getting a little worried here?
Check us out www. Wolfeyedesigns.com
Can't wait until 3:00pm so ready to go home.
Well, if you choose to accept Lugar's view on his own record, his actions did the talking.
It's so good! I'd take a pic of my gyro plate but I was so hungry only the plate remains
This is just an anthem for the playas..
1st thing you gotta do when You meet Louis is, pinch his cheeks and say; OMG YOU'RE SUCHA CUTE BABY, CUTEST I'VE EVER SEEN! THE SMEXIEST 1!
gonna be an early day tomorrow... going to a horse show w/ my barn buddies to help! =) <3 Gonna be awesome but tiring... goin to bed soon..
“: Watchim Never Ending Story for the first time. I know this horse better stop playin and get outta this sad swamp.”No Artax! No!
oh my gosh :D
This was my experience RT : they need to ask the interns what THEY want to learn & then arrange it.
“: #MentionTo your friend who loves watching horror movies.” <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Double Doors - Marble Floors
who's kid is it?
How's your recuperation coming along?
agree, it was a great one.
he wants mehh ;)
oh yeah I go In at 5 maybe I'll be able to count yo drawer
Just Got Done Eating Breakfast xD It Was Good!
Our tax dollars support our children! I'm #proudtopay taxes to support their schools, health care, parks and community centers!
Be unemployed. Be Scott Skiles. Be Milwaukee.
What did you guys do today???
Then wooster & jeeves had an episode with black face minstrals?
I told baby when I get my new advance ima blow that mothafucka on a blue Bugatti
Twitter = great for networking, expressing an opinion. not something to obsess over, try going outside sometimes. the sun is out!
good:) an d i couldn't see avengers last night cause it was sold out:/
“: Hey I like it. I like it a lot. Speedos, shorts or bare junk? #Brimleynation”// roll around in oatmeal first.
Uploading pictures "Theorie van het Konijn" premiere July 1 at the Bijlmer Park Theater in Amsterdam, the Netherlands.
Is ther anythingbetter than a sunny yellow #BroadwayCab on a sunny #PDX day? I think not!
you don't know Spanish
RT : Everyone say Hi to the new #wiunion troll hire Hi Jim, welcome to Wisconsin, we do things differently here.
Why am I single? Oh you know, because Josh Hutcherson hasn't met me yet..
“: My charm only works on women with a heart. I'm invisible to all these other heartless bitches out here lol....”>> that's good
Leaving in style however. =) Amex loves you for it.
The rangers and blues did this too, This means he COULD play right?
I need al our ghost hunting pictures lol we need to have a sleep over and swap them all
That was a nail biter but we held em off! Nice win tonight boys! #EAGLES! #OT #weplayingbas-ket-ball!
Grace is when you gamely engage in conversation with a toothless senior, about every single one of your purchases from peppers to t.p.
My goal trw during the welcome at the ConSource David McCullough event is not to say, "And now I'll turn the time over to...."
Time for a writing session! Two songs by the end of the night.
The NFC has won the Super Bowl coin toss 14 straight years.
I go to work at 2:00pm at my #firstjob today. :D How strange that should be trending. :D
No? Awe, Alright Then
and let's not forget how much they are anti-socialism ....yet, well...taking that money is very socialistic.
RT : Fun Fact - Wild rice is actually a seed, not rice!
that should be
Don't ignore the ginger. It's full of antimicrobial immune boosters.
That is so cool of you! Yes only available online and as an e-book
But don't they require exclusivity for only 90 days? That's what I hear anyway.
yeah I did like it! it's exactly how I feel towards haters. They're just annoying as hell. But whatever!
Go Ron Paul
RT Amazed & pleased w/our #insurance adjuster Barbara Kirwin She's professional & effective. Highly recommend PEMCO
#CastleAlways is almost here. Having mixed emotions right now O_o :D :'(
Enjoying some sun time in hope's of gettin a lil tan for the shoot.
picture perfect toy story blue sky with the perfect amount of stereotypically shaped clouds
Outback is amazing! <3
Just raised my D to a B :))
draft picks > ridnour
FC: I don't worry myself with that stuff. It will take care of itself.
I'm interested to see at what point the UT College Republicans will "break the honor code" enough to get their org shut down.
Laughing my ass off while watching Ridiculousness xD
that's was yo that's was up , Same just finish with my mofa'ka HW -.- now laying down jamming out :) hahaha
Dear radio, is it necessary for you to play a song I like when I arrive at my destination?
2 shows in San Juan Capistrano tonight and the average age in the audience is Mickey Rooney
safe and best bet is the Brewers
Hi, this is JMJ, Tweet your email addy to receive FREE online acting "Micro Lessons". You've got the talent. Now get the part!
Misread #neutralmilkhotel lyrics (but not by me): Fall secrets sleep in winter clothes...
Is Chuck wearing a red, hooded onesie? Seriously #GossipGirl, I think he's grown out of his man-child years. Wtf?
Fuck not getting money
To visit my brother in law in jail. It was almost like they didn't want us to come to work. All the doors were locked and we had no way in.
It's awkward when you keep seeing the same person around the store and everytime you make eye contact.
#IsJennaA no I don't think she is.
My manager called in today. Oh hell no. Lol let me find out she went to the drake concert last night too && got all crazy hahah
#TrueStory when I'm not home for a few hours,sumtimes I call my house&leave a msg so my dog can hear my voice!LMAO is this normal behavior?
I'm going to call the Mayans the day after their ancestors predicted the world was going to end.
Steak Night tonight! We will be closed Sunday for a special occasion... Sorry. We'll be back Monday night for Burger Nite
I'm classless?Are you confused and thought I kicked someone in the balls today? You both are pathetic
or maybe Techmo - Koei could contribute and throw in Lu Bu from Dynasty Warriors or Tadakatsu Honda from Samurai Warriors even??? ;)
lol omg i just watched call me maybe and at 0:52 was you in the door being a creep and THAT WAS SO CUTE XD follow me please<3
So just how long of a drive is it from MPLS to Nashville, This Tin Pan South event is the real deal.
Alright, no matter how hard you try to change me, I won't change. I'm me, and that will never change. Not even for you.
great shot. reminds me why we're coming back so soon.
Working mom guilt, be gone! Your kids fare better, study finds: via
Thanks Siobhán! And yes, it's the 2007 AFI list :)
Jarrod Uthoff is 6-foot-8. And we at & have all 80 inches of him covered. Posted later. Stay tuned.
AKON TALKS ABOUT THE MOVEMENT BLOCK ROYAL AND SCREW BR 201 WE STILL HERE MY BOIZ! Behind The Music: Akon
B.I.G.day!!thats all thats n the charger 2day.
Super J of and ! They are rockin' the red carpet representing !
maybe some "family planking" one day?
Awee you look like an infant in your picture
that is pretty much what i did and of course push notifications are off as well
not going. to lazy.
My Kroger shopping experience is not particularly enhanced by this live rendition of "Gilligan's Isle."
Me too. Last day of class!
*Tickle Tickle* ^.^
Once again, for my #Ladies.. So before you "celebrate" in the belief that "He Chose Me, He <U+2764>'s Me"...strongly consider YOU may be
So Tebowing home is unsportsmanship-like? DGAF, Cassie. I'll sport the T when I want to.
what about the horns on the dl from Memphis? Who do you want for pack?
The day I understand Chemistry is the day hell freezes over
#Weather Bluefield, West Virginia Weather :: 75F PARTLY CLOUDY
A 20 min #kettlebell workout burns about 21 cals/min, the equivalent of running a 6 min mile pace. - American Council on Exercise
Happy birthday to the amazing ! Wishing you unicorns, rainbows, and Republican election victories today.
Either, just something hot that we haven't done a vid for yet...
Wembley tomorrow, super pumped
thanks for the RT!
oh ya..and make all jails and penitentiaries public domain so there is no legal system profiteering by private ownership groups
Dial 976 and let your hand do the rest!
Art history timeline goes social! Interactive app/wall lets u rearrange, personalize, share art across time
got it.
. - The Digital Music Panel is moving from Room 302 to a larger room 304 at Noon today!
Sounds good. I'm also proud/horrified that I'm the slouch that caused the suggestion. Gonna be a great year. //cc
haha I really wanna find a white blazer
schipp's clearly a very intelligent & hygienic dude :) RT : I dont kno who Schipp is
Celebrating the .5% Irish that I am.
what does it say??
what did I do to deserve this ...
Thanks JJ! I too hope you have a wonderful weekend! Happy Presidents Day!
In 9 minutes, I gt 86 tweets. WOW!
than all night, but whatevs! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
That didn't have much of a bounce off that limestone. You'd think...
Parents are the best
School tomorrow...fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck
"Without music life would be a mistake." ~ Friedrich Wilhelm Nietzsche
It's official, I love writing again
Excited to host 's Chief Academic Officer, Heidi Ramirez, and her senior team for their retreat at our office.
That's what motivated the tweet. Artisanal makes me think of Park Slope Brooklyn (where everyone makes their own pickles)
I know I'm rooting for the #tigers but this Ackley fellow is quite attractive.
Are you really signing up??? It would be super fun to see you there! I'll be the slow one in the back...
just saw The Love Guru tonight and thought it was hilarious! :-)
You know, 12 oz of coffee really ain't all that much when it comes right down to it.
Will have a hard time adjusting to normal life again--No doubt.
RT : Do you know the word is for today? That's right - #FLYERS. Let's hear it people!!
This morning I'm awake thanks to the good, handsome peeps at King's Road Cafe, 3,000 miles away (thanks , for a gift of beans!)
On my way to a callback. Whoop whoop!
Real Talk True Story
For , Twitter is heart of online identity. Following about 2,000, followed by 7,500.
i just saw you at w #areyoufollowingme?
sitting down for lunch is relaxing, that's for sure
did Shane and Scooter write that one together? I was trying to figure out who Shane's co-writer was on this one...
sweet dreams!
No problem. Thank YOU for showing interest by retweeting the CNN Heroes article about our program.
who's do you think they can be?
With you.. I can let my hair down, I can say anything crazy. I know you'll catch me right before I hit the ground. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Thnx, Lynette. Also thnx to Argo! RT : I'm 2 weeks late but Agency has first client. Congrats!
Big happy birthday to the best Oscar coverage tweeter around,
Gay or straight, love is impossible for me.
Last night's South Park- that's the good stuff.
What happened? I missed it. How did Tony "Smoke" Carl this time?
I can't wait till I see you gurl. Where going to be like white chicks. Lol hahaha
Apparently if you drink to excessively you start following
Good Q- would indicate a focus on skills-based education, but do you skip chronology? Is this for entry-level or Jr/Sr?
I'm trying to remember correctly, but aren't those involved in the judo political regime against their guys going to MMA?
Not another bad black movie....Think Like A Man
I'll feel better when I hear Sparano say it, confidently.
Q5: In today's #PR industry, does have a Master's degree help? What are your thoughts?
Nice to tweet you and !
Interviewed designer at Macy's today. Love his grunge meets classy style. So fun!
Don't forget to sign up for our Email Club! Receive exclusive offers, and be the first to know about upcoming events!
Noo Sara is (:
usually last minute haha
I think dot Marie jones coaches football in Texas would be a show I'd watch.
“If you hate a person, you hate something in him that is part of yourself. What isn’t part of ourselves doesn’t disturb us.” Hermann Hesse
Don't call me baby came on the radio today....haha!
Hi Kristi! Happy to connect with a goal getting ninja! Rock on : )
I never do this, so you know it's worth it.
larkslegs asks if it is tea and cake time yet? Isn't it always tea and cake time? I know it's always teatime :)!
phew. glad i was able to sort out that $200 fine from the SF Public Library.
one of Gilbert's marketing guys is talking about how big of a fanatic he is
- I'm not sure how to take that. ;)
Brandolph long flick gets blocked by #Rampage defender, but Trey Katzenbach lays out to catch the block in the end zone for a 23-18 lead.
Learning how to speak speak the language of Sanskrit. It is such a beautiful and powerful language! :)
Almost fell asleep like a idiot
is there really any such thing as a private though anymore
Of course it's political! You don't shoot a politician just because you don't like the color of their shoes.
Thanks for the RT about Little Miss Lovesick! You guys rock!! :)
i really wish Primo would get here with my hoagie already!!! my tummy is rumbling!
Holiday Bowl on now! $4 Long Horny & Golden Bears. Happy Hour is on! Win a Trip! Be entered in our trip give away just for showing up.
#20ThingsAboutMe 14.) I'm really shy.
Are you #thetypeofperson who wants to #reform NY's #criminaljustice system through grassroots #advocacy? Answer: YES.
Good morning fellow TWEETERS! It's a beautiful day at Disney World. Currently 85 degrees. Wind: N. at 0 mph. Humidity 75%.........
I agree. I was a bit teary
Whidbey would be fun!
In Afghanistan, just defeating the culture of corruption/dishonesty is a huge first step. That will take decades.
I love getting breakfast ready to the sounds of my 3 & 2 year olds yelling letters to Super Why
us too. We were there 3 times today alone...
Tonight's score - #Yoga = 1, = 0. My thighs are DEAD.
The Return Of TIpsy Tuesday Tonight @ Bombay Ranch (FRED RD) No Cover $2.50 Jack & Bud Select Be There Or Be Square
Check out one of faves she will be attending their home show july 16 in atlanta
Morning! All work an no play unfortunately. I need 48 hours in the day. How bout choo?
Distractions<<<<>>>screaming!
I can't believe you admitted publicly to having watched that "film"! Hah.
Oh no V-Mart
I remember when I heard MCA had cancer, he seemed so healthy in the Beastie's vlog. I thought he had healed and was speaking of him recently
Judy Collins?
Its about to get live for this girls night tonight.
About to watch #Yojimbo. Because #grading can wait till tomorrow, and I have time to do whatever I feel like doing.
aww yea u should go!
#ificantakebackonething that dvd I rented
I should have stayed home!
was in beast mode during this game. USF loaded the box up and he still pounded the rock.
9 minute nap.
Three page field notes? Check. Now, five page essay to relate my notes to a certain theme...? O.
your welcome beautiful hope you have a great weekend :)
Pandora is all I got right now
Gotta get the car fixed...
:) btw where are you from?
i think #someday should be #now ! Please follow me justin <34642
I love you <3
"Mash" is simple & obvious, but works on so many levels!
He's okay now, thnx for askin'. We got him squared away..
looking for a qa engineer that is passionate about security!
Today's trip to the gym will be replaced by a glass of red wine and maybe some oysters.
Can't wait to see all my KDA Dancers on Monday! I have missed them so much and ready to hear all their Spring Break stories!
's jeans size is 28-32 :)
you welcome :)) how old are u?
Oh, I'm so sorry. Get well soon. Not quite the way to ring in a new hometown.
Come rain or come shine, my new motto. Please dont jock, better yet please do : )
Misty because I miss !! Wish I could see her today
Kameron Woods with a HUGE block as in the lane.
O I wanna fight so many people at my school . Talk shit bout fam you'll get your ass murked IDGAF.
i know right i mean really we are so dedicated to him and he doesn't even notice it
Tip. Don't wear Mocs or Toms on a rainy day. You will be walking around with smelly puddles inside your shoes -_-
Have a PIZZA-Palooza Day! NORTH AVENUE 270.1880 BAY VIEW 238.2406 DINE IN! - PICK UP! - DELIVERY!
Way to ruin kickoffs Might as well just make it another TV timeout.
It was a pleasure to finally meet yesterday!
Reporting on your own superheroic activity while in your secret identity as a reporter is an ethics violation, MR. KENT.
Sent samples to . this week. Can't wait to see the way they style them on their blog! :)
why is twitter so dead today? where is everyone!?
#MamaSays knock u out !
Dont take out ur frustration on people that are there for u. No one should be punished for being ur friend
I'm watching the last couple of episodes of Eastbound and Down....
freshly eaten PUKED OUT nachos.
I hate it when people play around with me when I'm not in the mood!
#hcsm T3: basics to advanced: websites, then blogs, then METRICS / ROI, then 140 characters, then video/pinterest/etc.
It's funny how you hated me like... 2 days ago, and now you're trying to suck up to me.
Morning TWEEPie'Kins! Breathe....belly-back & ribs...sustain....Now INTONE......Ah h....
thanks and right back atcha! :)
Gotta love seeing T.J Who's your mama returning punts for the Raiders
By the way the owner/creator is if you look at her page you can view our logo it's her background
& - thank you for the follow!!!
Re: prank. I have too many followers. I am not that interesting. You must be using bots.
the gym is my "think tank"
Why can't I sleep anymore?
Who else is over this weather?
I put more thought into this year's Halloween costume than most parents devote to deciding who should get their kids if they die.
21 Jump Street
Wake-N-Bake
is going to build a new flight tracker app in 11 minutes using the
oh em gee. There's someone on Instagram and he looks EXACTLY like you :o
Loving the la perla tequila drink - cannot wait for dinner!
please turn to syfy right this moment... this show is fucking amazing
Damn it, put Serge on Bynum. SH!T.
Alright, i'm on my bed happy and tired. Great day at the carnival, now for some sleep<3 goodnight:)
Im in pain OMG
There wasnt wifi..fuck liars got my hopes up
Sounds perfect for Zebra2 and is something I've wanted for a while.
gonna sleep now, good night everybody#ciao!
i think
thanks for the RT, hope you are well and have a great weekend :-).
Kudos to the people making my hometown a little better. Keep at it,
sometimes, i can move my jaw into a certain position and all the creativity in the universe is channeled through my fingers and chin.
Great submission & Keep em comin' this is the LAST WEEKEND to Submit! We will vote on the #top10 next week!!!!
the day u follow me will literally never happen :(and it breaks my heart
Screening« We can make out. Just this once. But you'll have to fill out this application first.»
ain't nothing wrong with ocd, as long as it's for me. ;)
u have done many cover tunes of other artist songs has any artist ever done a cover tune of any of your songs?? If so what song/songs/
Just figured out how to change the image of my apps on the new timeline!!!! Yippee!
There are 5 primaries on the #GOP side, and ALL of them are meaningless. We know Romney will win them all, but by how much?
yummy!! Any specialities?!
yes to
When gets married we'll all be in line waiting to see who gets the
u can't go wrong wit that at all..
"ONLY way Stephen A. would beat me boxing is if he talked so much he finally got on my nerves, distracted me & landed one lucky shot."
I was hoping you'd notice that.
Thank you lady!
I let the littlest things irritate me. Gotta' cut that out.
That I do.
oh yea i forgot! and why your not coming?!
you need a freelance #designer / #Illustrator / #collab ? --
OMG, Spain scores the game winner in the 116th minute.
ill see you in my dreams, and hopefully ill wake up and your be following me,if that happened id be the happiest girl ever(yn)
no lol. but I freakin forgott her name. Its awkward to ask my mom.. so do u remember?
I'm glad I can make a difference in the lives of others by stealing Ben & Jerry's
see what you did!
We will be in Seven Hills this Sunday for the chili cook off and fall fest! Come check out our table and pick up a Cleveland Tee!
Ability may get you to the top, but it takes character to keep you there... -- Michael Jordan
Thanks Norelie! yes I'm at #TEDMED. Hope to see you in miami!
i got mexicans that a push ya wig bak nigga
We attended last years event. A great event for Technology managers, professionals, developers, etc. So many tracks to choose from
Watching talk about new Source menu on Foodie & The Beast Live at Carmine's. Head Mixologist shares sips with the audience. Yum!
hey mamab how are u,have a good day
Unless you're from Lindstrom, MN
I cant believe people are still wearing croc's
next topic: unsolicited RFPs ... are you still wasting your time jumping through these hoops?
that just makes me realize HOW famous Howard Stern is.
Does anyone know where the "off" switch is located on 5 year olds?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY :)
Beach bound
victory L?
In your own words, but cite your sources. Your paper must be in APA.
Thanks and !
We are so happy to be featured at The Center for Fiction in NYC! And, yes, our books ARE fabulous.
Would love to get resources (besides KahnU) for A2 or geometry students to get explanations or practice skills at a high level. Hook me up!
Softball practice ;)
This photo is great! The hats are definitely very interesting....:D
Glad Joseph Kony has finally been toppled. All it took was a dumb idealist stapling a blurry political patch to the tree in my yard.
At this rate, I'm going to be here until Saturday.......not looking good.
Am I the only one who hates Nick Cannon ? -.- guess so ?
Umm i can come get em tonight if you're free
No nail lady I don't have any fingernails, I bit them all off before I got here. Discount?
hotels without on demand movies
aw so cute
thanks for the RT & taking the pic with my son!! God bless
WCAR just makes everything better. I can't wait to see them July 29th.
In Denver tonight and wanna kick it with Models poppin' Bottles? I got the hookup so hit me back ASAP!!!!!!!! =)
Just chomped down the most tart mouth watering slobber inducing mango on the planet.
#StrangeClouds today. might as well check this #HotInCleveland2 out while I'm at it.
lol that you are pretty lady!!!
and Mike Blase hanging out at Driven. Mike, aka Mikey at driven, is a fucking crazy wizard.
New journals in Journal of Korean Religion from Cultural Politics from and Mediaevalia from SUNY Press
someone also wrote admissions instead of emissions!!! i died #areyouretarded hahaha
Business calls and more business calls for They were all fun though.
Haha! I hope sees this!
Today Twitter Word of the Day: "Nostalgia"
Aw, RIP Defiant. One of my last acting gigs was in one of their last shows.
Making a choice on a Twin Prognosis Drug Rehab Coursec ...
Kozinski on surveillance state: "The idea that any of us are anonymous is an illusion... Anonymity could be key policy issue of 21st cent."
ohh excellent choice! Think you'll like it better than Oklahoma
Chief Executive Magazine ranks Wisconsin as the 20th best state to do business, up four spots since last year and up 21 spots since 2010.
Montgomery County wellness calendar, May 3-10 - Washington Post
So, do you want to know another change?? :)
Guess what? You actually have a choice between what upsets you and what doesn't. Use it!
Lips that felt just like the inside of a rose..<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B5>
Motherficker steady hitting on breaks and shit
Just sat with Deputy Sec Porcari, US DOT, for lunch. High level fed in touch with local transportation needs. Great speaker, strong values.
My daughter goes to bayview high school. Or maybe she doesn't go and that's why they call me so much about her.
I feel like an outcast... I'm the only one without a tat.
...protesters that don't like him
RT much appreciated! :)
yeah i was just kicking it with him
Are pigtails back as a hairstyle? Are they still called pigtails? Regardless, I totally approve. Totally.
Hanging out with good folks is all that matters.
The refs should just let Duke start in the bonus tonight so I can make my peace with it now and not in 4 hours.
Cool story bro. Wanna hear mine? Once upon a time, nobody gave a fuck. The end.
I really don't like you..
GIVEAWAY: free iTunes download of April Showers, May Flowers album. Email me what year was Rubik's cube invented?
thanks I just changed it to one that isn't moving so that there isn't that random fucking circle in the middle XD
Your her girlfriend but she DON'T HAVE TIME FOR YOU ... THAT'S NOT A RELATIONSHIP LIL MAMA
Tonight's one thing: write a Fahrenheit-to-Celcius conversion program in BASIC-1965, to test the interpreter.
Yecch. Always an uphill struggle, but SMO neighbors seem to have a fair shot at eventually shutting down that kind of thing.
Me: That's gay. Guy: It's gay that I'm calling you before I take my nap? Me: Uh lol, yeah. Guy: Alright, I'll call someone else. Me: No!
When do you come home ?!
Looking for a good book on explaining Social Media -- anyone know one?
it was really amazing
RT Be patient...the best thing is that you achieve your dreams and goals when you are able to handle them!
Thumbs up. Especially the Q&A discussion around database vs. book.
I would have settled for a sac fly!
": New track from is fire… Chicago gonna get rinsed on Sat..." Going to drop it on my next set!
Nature Conservancy names two new board members - Cape Gazette
Running sound for the conference
ideawf.com officially kicks off in Wichita Falls, Texas. Got an idea? Want to own your own business? This is your chance to get started.
There are billions of people in the world. Why are you letting one of them ruin your life?
We have a pretty sweet steam punk pin I think you'll like! Definitely saving one for you!
We're today's Deal of the Day ! $125 of services for only $50! www.GrouponBoston.com
Shout Out follow
I'm in dire need of a trim. I won't even tell you how long it's been. Let just say that my ends are starting to revolt.
From a non NASCAR fan: that is EXACTLY what I thought the President of NASCAR would look like. Also he says "warsh"
I've been very fortunate to be able to jump around
School tomorrow. I won't be able to tweet alot now that I'm going to be busy :o
It's a huge grown-up moment, so enjoy. :) And post some pics if you think of it. Cheers.
On St Patrick's Day I started THE LAST STORY TELLER by Frank Delaney
'Ello 'Ello! We are now connected on 3 different social media platforms! Haha
just proves that they really do a great job in raising daya to be the best person she could be <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
Greatest news so far this morning via : Hanson brothers are creating an IPA called MmmHop.
RT : Up next: #2012ASA in San Juan, Puerto Rico. Sincerely, Your #2011ASA Program Committee led by the brilliant
gee thanks
ok I'll brb
My 6 yo plays with her plastic play food. Runs around yelling "where's my fondant?"
why are you talking
Yup! Nolan isn't trying to make comic book movies though. His are in a totally different ballpark.
#HappyEaster every1! May your gas not smell 2 much like eggs 2nite & 2maro (for the sake of your friends and family).
Dimkin a beer at mark Strauss watching the Lakers
Last meeting of the semester. Just wait till January...
Journaled tonight. I need to do it more often...
the conservatively partisan was not among the #Catholic group criticizing the Ryan budget.
At last a fight worth watching hats off to Brandon Rios & Gamboa can't wait till April. Boxing needs more fighters w/ heart
RT fun time on Rachael Ray show... and no cooking! (You know what must be done to survive)
The only reason for time is so that everything doesn't happen at once.-Albert Einstein
When's the book coming out?
What is it that makes an apartment special to you?
Thanks for your help during
it seriously saved me hours of work though, then she didn't eat my pizza. She's okay by me right now
off to the POOL! hellsyeah
ND must clutch for me too. Losing isn't an option haha
too much food?? lol
Has the GOP held their Forum on Women yet? No, they're too busy taking away our rights.
Can we get a God damned Ryan Braun ruling yet?
writing what you want to say to an audience in advance & projecting it on a TelePrompTer, that's savvy.
Black Girls : Bitch Beat Her Ass And If U Lose Immaa Help u ,
and you never show it ): I never get hugs and barley get love you's <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
finished Caztro's video check it out
lol I hope so
That's great. You guys will really enjoy it!
#AskObama - Can we reduce our armed forces in Europe and Asia to reduce defense budget?
Sons of Anarchy tomorrow!
that's generally when he starts shooting.
Seriously who gets hyper on a school night? O.o -_-
shut your pie hole titanic megamind
Dever plans to be liaison between students & committee, says cant be student voice
it's the most wonderful time of the year: MASTERS WEEK.
looks like the people need a PD James/ collaboration - it'd rock their world!
Is Bettman expected to announce a local ownership group to buy the Coyotes and keep them in Phoenix?
Ha RT : I'm 30 i have no kids, never been to prison, and never been married... I'm like a Mexican myth... I'm a fucking chupacabra
"We're going to steak night. We're gonna eat it right. Steak is such a treat. It is the world's best meat."
You know you've made it when Teddy Long rubs oil on you.
can you follow ? i followed all of them!
his "catchphrases" are so overdone and annoying he's basically unbearable. Lol
First day of work!
The sweetest gift in the world is a hug from my kids
we revamp in 32 days =0
do you know how to find out what an actress was wearing in a movie? Brands etc.
Not feelig comfortable ina new postion in soccer & not playing like your self <<<<<
I wonder what the weatherman would say if I messaged him on Facebook saying 'Hey I saw you on tv'
Any ideas for sketches? We are very open to ideas
There's no joking around today. Most productive Sunday is on it's way!
Can't wait to see my auntie lil boy
My prayer list of people is expanding, today it went from 97 to like 120 !! Excited for HOP tonight !! Wow God is good!! =D
most probably.. just gotta make arrangements :)
what's going on? Kick him out and I'll move in :)
Just got done play a few games of tennis in the heat. Hydration time.
im bout to report y azz spam.. lol..plzz change yo password
29 names submitted for proxy baptisms; I'd call that a productive weekend
Watching Madeas Big Happy Family:)
It's Friday and I'm about to deliver a massive student services survey project I've been working on for a client since August. Hooray!
GameStop. They aren't hiring though. :(
Fabbrizi wins trap, Klimov rapid fire at World Cup
i swear i would love someone FOREVER if they brought me some Chipotle to my job right now:)
Power still out in our Needham neighborhood...going on 5 hours. Flooding and downed trees and tree limb abound.
How come pain lasts longer than just being happy
They are in my book. Yankees, Duke . . . RT : The Miami Heat is the most hated team in sports history. Is there any debate?
hard work is all it takes....u got the talent just need to focus on our game plan...keep up the good work...
More than likely the worst weekend of my life..
naw fam I only listen to conscious rap now lol
Gabby Giffords -Very inspirational! Nice to see our US Reps unite on both sides of the Isle.
amazing view! Enjoy the evening.
Also the boss so no grassing about me standing on here loads Follow im within the mood to visit greyhound racing
Game 162 of last year on ESPN2 right now. As an #orioles fan, this is sadly one of the happiest moments of the last 14 years.
That's I'm? A toy?
Let's go Cayyuuts!!
I hope you win too! :) good luck :)
Hell yea working on followers already have 82 from the 13 i had this morning
I'm addicted to presenting. I'm on such a high now. Hope you all enjoyed the Games session!!!
Wit his bitch ass RT : I don't care what you Heat fans talking bout. Yo best player should take the last shot.
Know how I know it's time for a ski trip? It's snowing like crazy here!
"His name is Bob and he is hot."-Julia
Panel says DOJ antitrust enforcement tone has mirrored the tone of Obama administration: pragmatic and cautious.
I like the finale though! Feel like they tied it up nicely.
thanks for the stone soup mention...everyone here appreciates the support
no luck. Ahh well money saved for obsidians
what up main?
Again ?? Smh when will u learn Mister Wellz
no lie, even if my day is complete shit, makes it 100 times better <3
I mean really....
not at all,critical thinking is a slow progress though, i fear sheltering my kids and then opening flood gates will b worse
*crosses fingers*
same place as always lol
RT I would go out in the rain and hang out with the Occupy protesters, but I would rather occupy my couch and watch Netflix.
this is a funny week w spring break so let's schedule something the first week of april
I had over 1,000 followers but those little bitches unfollowed me. I'm pissed. Haha.
It will be up to all of us to make 2009 great. Communal Consciousness Realized. Wouldn't that be wonderful?
are you currently interning anywhere? You have really good tweets?
Thank you, Patti! And it was a lovely walk, too. :)
Good Social Media Marketing practice for Lawyers. Connect with as many other lawyers in Linkedin because of robust referral benefits & ROI.
Eventually it WILL be too late.
Trying to summon the energy for my duty shift tonight. Hoping #StPatricksDay doesn't mean a non-stop #EMS shift..
Let us go then, you and I/ When the custard is spread out against the sky
Took like 3hours to get home
in 4rth.....testing is never fun but its alright i guess........ :'(
Prof Bies: It's all about the courage to do what matters.
Woodson makes an incredible play...yawn
TNT won't let PDX watch the biggest home game of the year. -this might be the bigger story over the game itself.
Make sure you follow us on twitter!!!! also post your twitter account so we can follow you as well!! Have a great day!!!
Our current slice of the week: Rosemary roasted pork loin, fresh garlic, and onions. .
Charities received $500M from property/casualty insurance industry in 2010 (Insurance Headlines)
Sorry I wasn't able to make it out last night, we have recruits in town this weekend. Saw the score and you guys certainly
In Nashville learning about new respiratory antibiotic for cattle
The U.S. women's national team completed its Group A schedule in the Algarve Cup on Monday with a comfortable 4-0 win over Finland .
Can I Get One More Person To Follow ? She's Beautiful [: Follow,Follow ,Follow!
We've got gluten free pizza! RT Q3 #Foodiechats Something gluten free, right
Green Cleaning 101 this Wed from 6 to 7pm at PNNM. Making your own cleaning supplies is good for your health and your wallet!
Redevelopment = land grabs for "blight." Blight is whatever the agencies WANT it to be -- up to and including irregularly shaped lots.
I think I'm well over 90% of users to my site with screen resolutions higher than 1024. 96%+ at 1024 and better.
Tile placement is everything in
I want to go to the concert, but cant, come to Ohio, you got TONS of mahomies here(: i will get the BEST seat(s) if you come!!
Headed back to Reno & found out Larry & His Flask is playing The Alley tonight. One of the best live shows I've EVER seen.
#ljadultbuzz also means galley reading on my holiday in three weeks. Incoming requests, watch out!
is a destination for #jewelry for the home. Beautiful objects for the discerning few.
GOOD MORNING LADIES
I just earned the Mobile Streaker badge on #Yelp!
FREE Songs anyone?? Head to www.adampercy.com and get 3 of them! BRAND SPANKING NEW from the very talented Adam Percy! <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B5>
Remembering Freddie Hubbard
I know. But if he was any other person, he would've been run out of town long ago.
I know! Whatever they had bad hair. Both of em!
Tiniest ferris wheel in the land!
Thanks for checking out our site! Glad you like it. and did a fantastic job.
He'll be back. Probably with a new wife at that point.
Austin varsity game tonight
Congrats on new gig w/ Tell #RollTide h/t
came to my house, hugged me, wipped his sweat on me, and went to take a piss. :(
Look for the girl with the broken smile, ask her if she wants to stay awhile.
Well if this isn't a sight for virtual eyes -- how are you doing, and how has your year been treating you?
Mane!!!! I wanna watch Blue Hill Ave..
I did not even know it was Groundhog Day, Can't believe that didn't come up at lunch I mean... ;)
People not only see how good or bad you are from what you do, but also from what you don't do........
#rejectedtebowdognames : Run-Spot-Run (or) Jeeze
Awesome! Where can we watch?
that's cool!! Do you like it there?
all I know about him is the Monroe Doctrine. And he had an estate in VA, though I get confused which is his & which is Madison's.
I make unbelievably fantastic cookies.
Dang it! I was already on the plane when you sent this...finally made it to my destination hope you did too! ;)
whyd i go to gay pride and end up spending the day with straight people? i had fun though!
Loved meeting you guys! !! Pls keep me posted!
Slept for 10 hours and I can still continue to sleep..
well opening day in DC will be of equal awesomeness.
Wish I could up load a sound clip. This hiphop and drums sounds unbelievable
just skirting the edges of French critical theory makes me want to run and hide!
RT : RT : The power of perception helps to define and shape our success.
It's pacer time!!!!
probably nothing - my follower count keeps bouncing up and down randomly - would guess it's a twitter issue!
My big bro Dion goes to Wofford..I wouldn't mind joining him...m
Thanks for the reply.
Its tshirt time!
RT Musician Moby, whose "Destroyed" photos are featured , tells his #digitalpreservation horror story. ht...
“: ha ha jury duty good luck Im in Missouri working till the 10th” good for u! Court dismissed jury. Just 1 day!
Chanting: "This is what democracy looks like!"
Weird. Cheesecake? Edible kind or what goes on a calendar? Thx for making me finally sign up for Klout just to see what's what.
Strangely, it helps me focus better. Sometimes silence is distracting.
Yawn. On hold for the last 30+ minutes with
Happy st patricks day!! enjoy your day (:
haha ik bc people tweet about stupid stuff like I don't need to know everytime some1 is eating lol
And that is the first ball to leave the infield for the Mariners.
Main takeaways from day 1 at #foss4gna for those tracking the event online?
whoops didnt type tea's essay whatever it's her fault for already turning something in to the website. dummy
Let's go lions we out here saints fans!
since when did it become okay to walk up to a girl you barely know and slap their ass? have some fucking respect.
My baby straightening her hair right now.
RT : Aren't all tech reporters men? Especially ones who like sports and, in my case, beer :) // I love this convo :)
"I feeling sexy and free like glitters raining on me..."
We just picked up a new client! Naked Beauty Tanning, prototype location just opened with franchise opportunities right around the corner.
start busting up all those brooms!
Expand 441 calories in 1 hr of downhill skiing 771 calories for 1hr of rock climbing 413 calories for 1hr of hiking Just Move!
were u all given the story why? You guys deserve to know what happened and if not I'll fb and dm u guys
I am thankful for the amazing day I just had. I am thankful for the air in my lungs. I am thankful for my amazing family and friends.
Saw a hot guy on tv then stalked his twitter...
Hey, how u been?
I feel so lost
and the song kind of just repeats so i'm gonna end it now.
#5: Allowing underage people to drink on your property, FINE: $366
Happy Birthday !! :)
Great seeing in VIPs & season tix holders #CIT another W!
thx for the follow. Just downloaded your app. Looking forward to checking it out. Congrats!
How old are you?
Me-"Would it be odd if we went to Ihop at 4am and ask for an overabundance of hash browns?" Paul-"Ill be in the car"
dennis,DENNIS! You gonna take my damn Miami #Dolphins schedule out your murse n hang it on the side of your stainless steel fridge or what?
i deff agree with u on the Ciroc Bacardi && Smirnoff but NOT on the Hennessy
there are so many ways to make that look like an accident. Just last week an iron 'flew' from the kitchen to the bathtub. Weird!
cool, Bob.
Merry Christmas, it's today! God has bless each and everyone of us!! Don't forget it! Love, Peace, and Happiness to all. Share yourself..xox
in case you forgotten... God is not angry, annoyed, disappointed or ashamed of you - Jeremiah 31:3 Thanks
Why did so many people cancel at the last minute? That was the weird part.
ROAD TRIP! :)
I'm single
Hiring counter staff! Must be able to work weekends and be super duper positive and friendly. Come see us!
actually im mostly spanish u dumbass racist piece of shit. and think im a rapper?...maybe u didnt see which label im on
Learned how to facilitate a virtual classroom breakout session this week.
today has been a wacky wednesday
I'm so glad! Was anyone in the group new to SOMArts? Have you been placing augments everywhere since then? Do tell!
shame on you for calling yourself a rapper lmmfao, calling you a joke would be compliment
That status when your heart drops!:/
Am I crazy? That really didn't look like much to me, but whatever. When did Dunleavy become such a weeny?
How do we remain in the "perfect curious state" in relation to technology and change? dhh at
Sometimes I just want to stop caring because the more you care the more you have to lose.
We anticipate it will open the first week of June.
SD HomeGarden drawing: 1st 100 likes w/a comment on our (Facebook.com/SDHomeGarden) are eligible to win a $100 coupon to Quarter Kitchen
#BestThingsAboutBeingSingle your free to flirt with guys, without being called a ho. :)
Meeting some great people & companies at #utrconf. Thanks to for the invitation.
Unfortunately, I don't have time to draw comics right now. Stole a half hour to write yesterday, felt guilty afterwards.
Tweet.. Tweet... Now I can say I tweeted:)
txt me
I hate when my tummy hurts from eating to fast. Does that ever happen to you?
I need something to do tonight!!! <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BB><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BB>
U Nice Avril
My tweets read like they're composed by an ex-screenwriter for "Felicity." I really overuse the word "amazing."
Tribeca 2012: Sports Docs Go for "Broke"
I think someone should throw another ham @ Paula Dean's head for somehow finding a way to make diabetes contagious...
Has there been any interesting reactions/responses to the Stanford story in the New Yorker this week?
Hope to see u in Denver again soon! or possibly the Mountain towns....crowds would love u up here...Keep killin it Geo!
My dry-cleaner just used an abacus!
A man needs to look not down, but up to standards set much above his ordinary self to make him feel, he's spiritually the underdog. - I. B.
We'll be tweeting live from tonight's screening of Hope you can join us!
dear , I'm excited. Kbye
Can I just marry like right now
Morris gortat and Nash look great! We are down to the hornets but I like the look of the suns this year.
I'm at the gate but I don't see you...I assume you're still waiting to get through security. It's fine I'll save a seat for you.
All I know is flex now I'm shitn on my ex
im not so much looking forward to driving to Seattle by myself. shits like 38 hour drive
Love is a canvas furnished by Nature and embroidered by imagination. ~Voltaire
Thank you for the double follow=) I'm doing great! How are you?
Ready for school to be let out so I can leave these stupid people. Not ready to be stuck at home with my crazy family
no mine still there and will always be...well till I move lol
Yes I am! I recommend Sushi Garden in Metrotown, Cantonese food court at Parker Place, Belgian fare at Chambar, I can go on ...
Downtown shopping and Pacer game
Oh, excellent! I'll keep an eye open for it. Thanks!
Damn, been off TW 4 quite awhile. Computer crash left me stranded, then so busy with disndat. Finally a moment to breath. Bring U up 2 speed
my. eye. hurts.
Think alls quiet? Inspection teams gearing up for 2012 to insure vendors are bring you the best Indiana grown & local
Is this the real thing or is it just a one night stand?
i dont even know what that is
I haven't turned my PS3 on since the month Uncharted 2 came out, so...
See you @ Johnny's...I think I am getting there @ 3pm...Go Sporting!!!
Where my hoe ass cousin dirt Dick Johnson!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0088><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0089>
so so ready
Busy day including my 3rd audition for a hit show I'd love to book! Appreciate them asking for me again! Maybe 3rd time is the charm.
i dont but that dont mean i dont have friends that do...my brother does hes freakin anoyin
thanks dear I'm not a mom tho #teamNoKids lol :-) ur very thoughtful
Thanks and for the RTs!
i got it (I bet you go a ton of these replys.
very ! He woke up at 6 asking if it's time yet lol :)
It's not that I'm so smart, it's just that I stay with problems longer. ~Albert Einstein
Topanga was out cold
On tap tonight: Jay-Z at Carnegie Hall!!! Not excited or anything!
Oh yea. And been posting the last 2 days but can't get peeps to RT. Waz up wit that? I RT all the time. How do u get that better
Check out this awesome shot of the July 5th Haboob by local photographer Mike Olbinski! Where were you during this one?
My tax return is going to be so easy this year: I'm just going to write a check with "About 15%" on the comment line.
I call this one Baileys, as close as you can get without getting your eyes wet.
I like writing in 2/4. #;) even if it's so similar. Haha
Xbox is the worst thing ever. Just stop playing if your going to camp in a corner or aim down your sights every time you go around a corner.
<----The app is free to download until 16 February 2011. Updates coming soon, to boot!
You think that I can't live without your love?You're wrong!
Are you as bored as I am?' Makes sense even when you read it backwards...
Gardener: Try these mowing tips to keep your lawn healthy - Freeport Journal-Standard
4more people follow us today please !:) - amanda
Do you prefer going to a trade show or the web?
George Clooney might play Steve Jobs. They might as well consider Ryan Gosling for the role of Bill Gates.
please answer me what you think the problem is with the bengals organization? been a fan for 29 years, but just dont see good!
Great presentation this morning by -- a thoughtful look and analysis of the digital space.
Order sent to Amanda in GA!
Yes. Saturday. AKA tomorrow. RT : that's Saturday isn't it?
HBO's parent company is Time Warner. And yet HBOGo is not offered on Time Warner. ........100 % clown shoes
!!! Will that be close to the release date?
When your are grateful, fear disappears and abundance appears
What up fam you killed it Saturday, looking forward to Rocking with you in the very near future my dude! DJ Coach K!
The word of the day is: underboob
All of Austin's dreams are coming true. I can feel it.
Re: GLAM-1 pager, you're famous(er) : ).
thanks so much!! Appreciate all of the support!
an idiot.
Some times i wish i wasnt born becuz i fill like im not wanted :'(
If you never read it, I'd suggest "The Last Shot" which became the movie 'He Got Game.' All about Marbury in HS.
I hate when stuff goes out the windows when i'm driving. I just be like fuck it -.-
Wookette flu to the max. Big travel day home, big work week, off to see Amanda quinny and my other burgians this weekend!
CC all sweaty now, like Garcia. Lol.
havnt talked to u in years
I'll respect the Grammy's when they allow 7D to perform.
Brooklyn knows best. We'll send OUR children to school on the subway. What is the grad rate in BedSty?
Amazing discussion of Beyonce's "Run the World" and exoticism of visual artist Peter Hugo by Martin Scherzinger/ Wills Glasspiegel
I mean us
Trading out a gas stove for an Elec. Now, I have to wire it in. Pretty sure I turned off the gas. Sparks won't be good, I think if I forgot.
about that contest to win a gift card in Tacoma, do we comment on the status or do we say at the event??
love palo alto on a sunny day
TBA of a World premiere in 's 5th slot next season
Ms. Osborne class is a waste of time t(-_-)
thats a bummer any other prospects in play
So much to do and no motivation to do it....
at the #Rockies game with the family cheering for the rockies over the
life moves on even if ur going with it or not...
Another application completed and submitted. Lord, do Your work, Amen!
Listening to on the iPod this morning. Gettin my inspiration back :$
Love the new pic!!
chippy that ate the trees and the pool and will
me too, I'm trying it too, I love act, and I'll be, figth fo your dreams :)
: Absolutely! Too many to name.
People who have met One Direction more than once, then brag about it for people like me who will probably NEVER meet them, they SICKEN me.
Also good about : the communities they have set up for teachers to join.
lady - everyone has finals. we are rescheduling for next week
Just poked myself in the eye with the mascara wand
My oldet daughter said sum dat shocked me 2day"We wanna hlp him but he jus do stupid stuff&hate him".lol How do u hate sum1 but wanna hlp.?
I can't wait till your in Chicago because I'll be there. I have a coffee house pass to so I can't wait to meet you!
listen to www.myspace.com/mebruklin
thanks Bruce!
lol i'm watching it right now too.
Reading is gay.
Happy birthday to , a great and talented friend.
Lil brother came up to me and asked me to give him some "gangsta" music... So proud
how was opening day buddy? Bad result but I bet it felt good to drink again.
i wish that katy perry e.t. song would just go away. hurts my ears!
What a shot mcroberts for a buzzer beating 3
Some days it doesn't feel like work at all. It's like getting paid to play.
“ i Actually LOVE my relationship.. it's Everything (and MORE than) I ever wanted.. I'm not changing that shtt lol Lbvvs!”<3
I'm in!!! Drive you down, 48 hours to myself, then bring back 3 shells of your former selves!
how are u?
I hear there might be some bacon to accompany those Brussels sprouts.. it's going to be all kinds of crazy!
sounds like the death of commenting.
thanks! And we seriously have to hangout soon! So if you're not doing anything this weekend I'm having a movie night text me!
The Boy likes slapstick. 2 year-olds aren't supposed to like slapstick. So he's either very advanced or a sociopath.
yes, but google is listening hard to g+
Just found out we had an annex, and it has really cool stuff in it. As my colleague said "this is the bonus of working in a library."
That's that shit I don't like.
Watching documentary on Sam Cooked..never knew how he died...Sad
........i think its time to log off and chill out, the eyes are starting to burn
What's a life with no fun.? Please don't be so ashamed. I've had mines. You've had yours. WE both know. We know. <U+E022>
Huber would agree with me that Waukesha NEEDS that kind of bar. Who knows, he may be the major investor.
#whydoialways give myself a reason to give up so easily.
lol ppl prolly dont kno Oj Mayo was the best player in the country in high school and he was suppose to be like LBJ
City residents as collaborators. NYC.changeby.us Jake Barton
good looking bro appreciate it
Thanks Few cramps in legs starting around 23, but was able to run through it (a little slower though).
Still up...
haha - well it doesn't account for all the silly toys. Also I want a soothing space for what I imagine will be a spazzy baby!
Phew! Just finished my bike ride not one minute before it started pouring.
love your book 101 movie clips!
#qsc2011 day two kicks off with Forrester's Jonathan Lipsitz
oh yes follow them!!
SO PUMPED BABE!!!!
I think about how we would teach Robotics in Middle and High Schools. Is Robotics part of Computer Science? Mind blowing!
hey everyone !
Join us! May 23 Race in the Nonprofit Sector. Explore our shared responsibility in addressing race, diversity & inclusion...
saw a lady with a mono gram on her shirt, cup and car and her bag had her name on it. Do you like your name or just keep forgetting it?
LOL I know how you feel.
What happen in the interview? Lol
Dispute over Pa.'s reserve fund persists - Pittsburgh Post Gazette
Well done with video case study, everyone involved is pleased with how its turned out.
I want the same one you have on. I also adore her<3
"God has given no pledge which He will not redeem, and encouraged no hope which He will not fulfill."
any time :)
ok, do you work Wednesday or Thursday?
Name is Eric but unfortunately I'm in. New York but u still really pretty and would love to Party with u in Utah or ny lol
hey watz it mean when ur twitter gets suspended
Had quinoa with sauteed carrots, mushrooms, zucchini, squash, onions, peppers, tomatoes, and spinach for lunch!
One secret to SM "Make me care"
Ugh I missed the first 30 mins of Raw... Can someone tell me what happened???
.__. You don't need to know Michelango, but what movie you watching bruh?
thanks, will check it out!
Gym time!!!
When is bike to work week this year? #rvabike #asktwitter i had fun biking with mayor jones & last year.
Me and at the library...so unproductive
Congrats to all of this years College Grads!!!
Good Morning Beautifull People! I am unsinkable, its impossible to sink if Jesus is on board with you.
that like a boss moment when you drop your phone but catch it before it hits the ground..
#DWTS was awesome. Hanging with my baby!
met you in Orlando @ Talent Inc. You and your family are a great inspiration to my son. Keep up the great work.
Is there a live stream for us not living there? =D fighting!
Remembering all those affected by 9/11. I'm sending out a prayer to all those who need it.
Start just tweeting every thought that passes through your head! Ex.: "Moose shut up!"
Always keep a plan B.
Yea that's a record
marquel loves his chicken
hmm. I didn't see that email. It's possible that I deleted it w/o reading. I do that.
hope you're enjoying LA :) My friends & I are so excited for the show tomorrow night! We hope to meet you afterwards!
Nice rainy day outside.
Watching Holes and I spy ! Can't wait for to come back next week.
Go Follow --> # PLEASSEEE For me it's my sister pleeaseee
Thats so sick!! Do you only design or do you print too?
Oh wow! That's coming right up!! Hang in there!!!
. Got any discounts on outdoor furniture? RT Looking for a good deal on an inexpensive patio set.
I hope he feels better.
Well Hello ;))
Party this weekend…Taco bell yes I will
see you on the show tonight handsome:)
Wow that's it. I thought yu were at least 24 alreadyRT I'm 23.5 yikes!
Had a great weekened every day this week...got to hang out with a ton of my friends and play 4 games of baseball! :D
moonnddayy! ugh! lol had a great weekend...!
what happened last Friday fam? Was it the car accident?
The Philly Race Expo = Runner Chachki heaven!!!
So when is this week going to be over? -____-
HE SMELLS LIKE OUSTT
It was such a pleasure meeting you tonight at the Divas’ and Gents’” Honors/Awards Dinner Thank you so much<U+2665>
Aloha and welcome to Maui!
Hahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahhahahaha holler at the plus sized girls for me
#Madrid is sick. Out for a night of #dinner, #drinking, #discos, and craziness. In case I don't tweet before game tomo, go #SYRACUSE!!!!
Doctors handwriting: <U+FE4F><U+FE4F><U+FE4F><U+FE4F> What I see: ß<U+222E>a<U+2203><U+2284> What the nurses see: Aspirin.
Awesome opportunity to stretch!! RT : thank you! We are just getting started! Follow the action with #iwinroundtable :)
why the f would you dress up for finals? She's a weirdo.
Phone system is slowly coming back online. We should be fully functional within the hour.
Minions, you delight me! I truly Laughed Out Loud tonight! Thank you!
#smsports, #sportsbiz, and #sportsprchat fans, check out ! Full-site launches next month but the blog is up now!
Never received it.
Its so hot out.
I'm really happy that you check into every place you go, so I know where not to go
thanks for the suggestions! Can't wait for
Shoot. Missed MOPA's presentation 4 BPOC. Awesome photography museum in Balboa Park
i love sharing my passion for gaming w you!! Wouldnt have it any other way
This is why he is the best in everything he does.
that's a tough question. Each provide the opportunity for a different type of expression. The lens definitely comes easier
I've met Mike Rizzo, and I can definitely see him saying that and more.
I'm thinking we live in a very cluttered world. "Clutter is a failure of design, not an attribute of information." Edward Tufte
Good video. I posted it on my facebook page.
Amazin I had a dream about u at your concert and it was amazing haha follow me plz
I really don't like her though -_-
out tonite , where to go for dinner tonite???<f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B8><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B8><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B8><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B8> #Boston #GottaGo #
Gahhhh he's so damn good to me
yes I visit Europe all the time I have never visit Romania but I will someday
Loving this performance! Stefano is amazing!! :)
YES. YES. YES.
one time at band camp......
You know I was never yours, and honestly I probably never will be.
Meeting some new people :)
I love drawing.
Great minds think alike
Bout to go get a fresh fade doe!!!
We worked and changed our ways
#AskDerulo What's your favorite pizza topping? I don't have a favorite. I like them all (:
aaahahah! That's perfect!
I got to its not my choice it's an option I'm not gone be gone for a long ass time I'll be back next month
A strong positive attitude will create more miracles than any wonder drug.~Patricia Neal
Happy Thanksgiving - take time to reflect on all the blessings in your life: friends, family, opportunities, wellness, lessons, challenges.
stomach pains....ow!!
Multi-tracking our horns: the power of six trumpet players all named Blake.
"if you were in a crowd of a bunch of people and someone yelled "hey, girl with the eyes!!" everybody would look at you" --JM <3
LOL! just think of how it was when you almost killed him, you love him lol,
New photos @ www.pbase.com/issyr Fall Colors, Mountains, Wildlife....enjoy!
Happiness resides not in posessions and not in gold; the feeling of happiness dwells in the soul. Democritus
Omg RT : NEWS: ''Real Housewives of Beverly Hills'' star releases song named after her $25,000 sunglasses
Starfukcer Saturdays tonight at mokai...let me know for guest list
i love watching the GGGB live DVD.. Its amazing !
Statewide library cards available in: CO, CT, GA, HI, IA, IN, KS, MD, MI, MN, NM, PA and WY. Did I miss any? I Wish more states offered it.
love little Mason. That boy is loved. :)
hey neighbor. :-)
Got some letters today....and that MADE my day so much better and brighter :)
This girl in my U.S. Government class has bars for days!!!
you didn't get my text lol
Oddly I feel a LOT less safe in Dallas than NYC. There are always people around in NYC and guns are less accessible.
No Problem
Let's go #Chiefs!
I hate B days
" DO SOMETHING NICE FOR SOMEONE TODAY:)
I am losing too much weight, idk if it's from stress or what but I don't like it..
Intermission for Seton Hill University's "Batboy." My 9yo sits motionless as the lights come up. "I like the blood splatter," she says.
HEAT WIN, HEAT WIN!!!
Plz, can anyone help me be in two places at once tonight. In addition, I have laundry to do, heads of hair to wash, etc, etc
when was the last time you heard something relevant about Penus Kanter?
I WILL start &+ finish this AP essay today (:
Watchin class act
S/o to everyone that finished the semester then backdoored it with summer school.
Some people are ridiculous -.-
Broken Tweet-Link my friends!
Arthur's Tavern. Went to White House too! Great rec.!
remote control disk Equals
In Doha, Qatar for the UNAOC Forum.
thanks love you girl!
who is this person? i have no idea
Why the hell does it take 30 DAYS to review what we've all very clearly seen. ABUSE OF POWER IS WRONG, PERIOD
first draft of book 3 is done. I got side tracked with the release of "The Writer" and "Putsch" in Spanish.
done trying for people that dont try back
If you haven't seen "Dralion" yet...don't miss it before it leaves your city. Best show that I have seen in years.
Getting ready to talk about protecting #3dprinting & #opensourcehardware in dc
But I'm hoping the Champions League spot might persuade him to stay. ??
That is a turrible idea.. RT : First warped tour i ever went to, i wore flip flops. LOLOLOL
Ha, good luck! Let's hang out son.
We have US Flag mirror covers available now for 4th July. Order at www.mirrorsleeves.com
“: To live a #creative life, we must lose our fear of being wrong.” RT - True!!
#SDSummit how do we talk about this? smart disclosure is the brand.
Spoke to graduating class of Bellehaven Christian Academy in Nashville, TN. Great group of young people. Our future is in good hands...
Lebron doing the usual...next up, round two..
yes, that made me very angry. Daniel Pearl, Helen Keller - as if to say being Jewish is wrong &u need to be LDS
FOLLOW MY PERSONAL - (:
When are we moving?
Idaho, Auburn students win Groovystuff design challenge - Furniture Today
we got proof ! client and title available on req. check 4 ya self
that's nothing!! I think the media was trying to twisted the story like they always do to make it more interesting. Smh
miss u too! I'll b back soon.. Lol
he's doing his best to impersonate the ' flu' game lol
look for us in the belmont shore christmas parade tonight!
Actually looking forward to coming to work on Friday... I get to clean out my office without anyone freaking out that I'm never coming back.
thanks for coming :)
step outsude your "norm" wen it comes to dating, u may find wat u were always looking for.
- yeah! But imma be outta town this weekend
if a wood chuck could chuck wood, how much would you pay for your campfire
That was way past a 10 can we do it again..
leave?! Youre like me always moving! haha where are you headed?
2-day meeting in NYC for Oral History in the Digital Age grant . Meeting with experts in all aspects of video technologies. Way cool!
Happy New Year! I thought we had a deal about your tweets, kind sir...
we all know the really best player is playin tonorrow
We had a great time at the Business to Business Expo, thank you to everyone who came out!!
Hey, Lynn. So glad you enjoyed your ride and connected with the park that way. It grabs u and holds u, doesn't it?
Physics is going to be the death of me. #nerdforlife .
Pres. Buchanan, who was born on this day, earned the dubious title "Old Public Functionary".
For the rest of the week I'll be tweeting great crafty finds for the holidays!
": deal." how much mojo sauce can I get for $400m?
Tourist Center Miami-Nelson will come to your location for your vacation massage!!
...moves to afternoons ;-)
Going to try this More Women's Half Marathon, even with the hurty hip. Going to take it very slow.
I'm Badass and Beautiful. How do I know? Anna from just told me. :-)
WHAT?!? You were this close and didn't tell me?
Can't wait for band season :-)
HOW DO YOU DO THAT?! IT NEEDS TO BE DONE
I'm on a boat! (sail variety)
Thank you for going LEFT with your style, and not right with the rest of the traffic...
Wow... You went there you traitor lol. Too bad we're more awesome
Osama Bin Laden...dead.
#SkillsOnAThugsResume changing the name on county checks wit a safety pin
God is a God of abundance and wants to give those who love Him every good and perfect gift! Claim His blessing in your life today!
m strawberry or watermelon paleta are my favs!
Books arrived yesterday. Thanks! Looking forward to digging in. Let me know what address I can mail you a couple tix to the Fest.
Finals will stand no chance if you believe in yourself.
Haha this tweet is perfect
so #exited to see the video! Love you guys! <3
Good Sunday Morning!!! Wake up and get this week started #beblessed "It's not the size of the dog in the fight, it's the size of the...
If by working at a newspaper you get inside scoop on any mid+law firms or gov. agencies hiring please let me know. :)
Another reason to love St. Paddy's day: the corned beef hash the following morning!
I wonder if this is a case where it's just easier to identify with a particular kind of unlikeability. I hate House, for instance....
Scratch a lie find a thief, right?
the weekend has been great but too short! Haha
Well i have never had tacos with all that trash on them in Mexico ;)
What matters most is how you walk through the fire
MPB Today Review - MPB Today, Free Groceries For Spreading The Word? Networker Dream or Nightmare?...
long over due
me either
IE9 doesn't seem too bad, really. Firefox seems to have gotten zippier too, but less stable with the frequent releases.
Ford the first brand on Google+. Who was the second? Yeah, I don't remember either.
i can't you're blowing me up!
where to eat in Milwaukee?
go to 1:00-1:05 and look in the near far back left corner. You'll see her.
Off to Louisville. 21 hotel is supposed to be amazing
If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader
One day I want to copy someone else's status word for word and see if they notice
off the virtual and into the surreal
Pissed off. Can't trust anyone..
With Dee Miller @ Marquee Entertainment Casting
Why does #ratemyprofessors ask if a prof is "hot"? Even if I thought so, I'd never say.
congrats on your win.
my brother > everyone.
someone tried to steal my 1987 pickup. Fortunately they're too stupid to understand need to set choke on carb to start it.
Because it is fun! Actually, that's probably not the real reason, but those half floors are entertaining.
•"Don't give up before the miracle happens."
My addiction is out of control with this #irene coverage...going on 3 hours
MIKE! Welcome to twitter!!! Are you addicted yet?
Excited to come party for #NYE2012 with you! tix now available - thanks for the #charity support!
You know that one moment in pursuit of happiness when he loses his shoe before his interview... That's kinda of happening To me right now..
Great message!
5 so we can get our stuff for twin day but omg you should come over later and we'll go together lol
ss isn't going to matter. Won't pass osu, ou, lsu, Alabama without loses no matter what
Is this bullying I see? *gasp*
Y'all not gonna start. It's too early to be ROFL and SMH! It's not even noon yet!
thanks! I'm hoping it doesn't rain too hard.
Anderson U. Mobile - goal to enhance T&L (not tech) - required some upgrades, new teaching methods, authentic learning and good PR
hookersforjesus... you've got to kidding??? No? Incredible name... find me on facebook and let me know the story!
Are you ready for the weekend????????
That's SO cool! Congrats!!!
ADHD isn't a disorder, it's just the upgraded version of the human brain. developing and it's confusing. Thats why numbers increase!
I wish it was summer this shit is too boring
Exciting day at the office! What was the highlight of your day?
Also, unrelated aside, I lived near Camden for a year not long ago-- looks like you're not *too* far (now in PA)
Sorry #tweeties i havent been so active. This will change now!
fashion week evening again felt vv WRONG. FashWk as a relatively recent non-obamatron? Really, really, WRONG (and gagged).
If you were standing next to him, you would have gotten it! Maybe some Photoshop magic?
85% of our monies is spent outside of our own community. Shame on us.
have you gotten the classes thing yet?
Thanks for the info! : }
Ah stiles ily
Kira, thanks for the follow! We appreciate the support.
Go on and book the Batman Motel. Don't forget to pack your superhero role play outfit.
Shaq cheated. Gotta give the nod to
very impressive! Thought you might be thinking of the Jack Black/Giovanni Ribisi lightning ep.
aww man i hit my twitter limit :( sucks lol :D
Unless you have any PROOF That UK directioners reported Bring1DToUS account, stop hating on UK directioners!" #StupAsuming & Hating
Getting ready for my first plane ride tomorrow to Burlington, VT. Then my first ferry ride to Plattsburgh, NY! See you soon
......... RT “: My brother says he'a got a chunti voice but i think it's sexy.”
getting ready to go to n.c. for the weekend
you're welcome<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
IKR!!! I miss my big sister!!!
wouldnt it be cool if they started to play on the radio?
We're on Twitter! Check back often for the launch of our website and the latest news on Milwaukee's Soldiers Home Historic District.
Hi Danielle how have you been?
I got faith in my Lakers!
Totally new Google+ design. So many people are going to use it now.
Check your schedules. Let’s all get together at my house on (Thursday) May 24, 2012.
will do. Meeting with the largest domino tomorrow so I expect next week to be busy on this front.
like our econ teacher?
Merry christmas and all that good shit!!!!!!!!
RT : Let us wage a moral and political war against war itself, so that we can cut military spending and use that money for...
u need LA in yo life hehehe just here at work ya know
Tonight on Ten at Ten: Iowa takes the national spotlight in healthcare reform and exclusive coverage of ISU Women's Bball from Kentucky!
Tan: Cantonese digital media activism - Internet as site for organizing street demos - Me: connections to older forms of activism?
"Drugs are not always necessary. Belief in recovery always is." ~Norman Cousins (thx Dr. Stephen Sinatra)
Well I dont get paid. I get fed. Haha
#R.I.P Wizards
Now playing Salsa Verde
I never told the truth so I could never tell a lie.
what u talmbout cletis! My baby Durant got this....just watch n see!!!
Follow for exclusive content from
Upp; School W.My Partner In Crime Lexii<3 Oh & Thee Awkward Moment When Your Ex's Cousin Asks You Out. . . Umm Awkks.. X_~
fill ur heart w luv...i just know it's there RT : --- Other than that .. I live in Naples and I have a tee time this afternoon...
Building from the ground up has its ups and downs but achieving success absolutely rewarding
Other than day 1, Glee doing original songs has to be JTS moment.
Someday I will go wakeboarding, snowboarding, skateboarding, and surfing all in the same day, in the same state.
So they found a new bone to chew on
¤ The only thing that separates successful people from the ones who aren't is the willingness to work very hard. Helen Gurley Brown
Making my way through The Best Show archives
Jill! I miss you more! x0x0
Sorry, nobody has shared a photo from Michie Stadium yet. It will show up as soon as we get just one. We need fans
Time to bathe the puppy, who smells from playing at the park!
only 3 seats left in one of the classes that I want and 12 minutes until I register #praying that I get in
Interrupter Eddie Bocanegra is a big supporter of , who work to improve life in Little Village, Chicago.
BOYFRIENDS ON THE RADIO HOLLA
One of 24 finalists for Connecticut state business plan competition. Time to prepare and blow away the judges with Qustir!
It's a animal collective show, what do you expect?
go to Eden!!
My fortune cookie said 'a good life brings wrinkles'! Hahah!!
Participating in some enlightening discussions at www.addforums.com
Sign up for the Jingle Bell Run before July 31 and be entered to win an iPad! www.sdjbr.org. We know you want one!
Our Free Dead Sea Soap with any 20lb Dead Sea Salt purchase will end tommorow. Hope you guys enjoyed the sale.
Just saw a billboard for the "Guggenham." Guess where I'm going.
cheers to you as well!
I'm planning a JIRA upgrade from 4.1 to ...? Is the newest release 5 fully baked, or are there reasons to go for e.g. 4.4?
Haven't checked because I have been away from home all day. I'm thinking the pilot episode ran for 38 minutes and 44 seconds?
lol So that you can roll it. I googled it & so it fits in the hole is also an acceptable answer
Beer and pizza in the movie theater. Why is this so easy for Portland and so hard for #losangeles?
We know he will get a good attorney. Someone will take this on as an appointment or to add to their resume.
... I have seen more hacking in the last few days than in the last few months
Proud turner mama.
HubSpot gives you insight into your competitor's web success, so you know where you're doing well, and where you need to improve
Really lucked out in Jersey where I live! No damage & no loss of power!
My current status: *Forever Alone Face*
You don't know me, you don't wear my chains.
Props to Mayor Rahm Emanuel for saying what's up!
Girls dat ride d dicc Correctly >>>
you too!!
Congratulations to the cc champions...amazing youth (way to go swipes for the homeless)! Way to go Pres. Obama &
Girl i wanna fuck u right now.
#Iwannabe an OMG Girl with all my heart.!
I have everything I need to do everything I want to.
Congrats! She's beautiful!!
Love spending my weekends with you. :)
I'll boo intentional walks all day.
One hour left in our #GLEEfulweek in May pledge drive. Won't you please call in your support and help us end with a bang! 888-621-6900
grats! :-) give a pat on the back for me!
I love 's voice. He's so damn cute too!! <3
yeah, one of them rolled up to me with this big smile and said hello. i smiled and said hi back.
sounds good! In a minute
any possibility you can present them with a less annoying option? Springer was always my nemesis.
it's koo I figured! Btw what # should I call, old or new?!? Cuz u still have both, right?
been up all night grindin' on work. took a break at 7am to do a zero period presentation for AVID. <3 what i do.
I'm watching the camps and everyone showed for the cardinals no drama a plus. Vick has something to prove so where ever he goes
Just ordered some new ! And deff got the Minotaur tank! So stoked!
Dude in my computer lab looks identical to If only it was really him.
Excellent talk about Info. Fluency (Info. Literacy & Critical Thinking & Computer Literacy) & integrating e-readers to teach
I'll just have a water...
the fact that my male coworker is watching Justin Bieber's documentary "Never Say Never" makes me laugh...A LOT
I will be somewhat patriotic tomorrow at #goldcup #vagoldcup not that you care, lol.
Help celebrate what would have been my grandma's 92nd birthday by playing cards, copyediting the news, eating pie, or calling your grandma!
Im cold, mad, and tired. I just want to stay home from school but i wanna fine my ipod!
what's up
Have to clean up the amount of turnovers, but still a good performance. Time to get ready for Saturday
Thank you for following WWVC!
“Progress has little to do with speed, but much to do with direction” – Unknown
Thanks for the RT!
Decided to start working on my portfolio for my college application tomorrow morning :]
Happy Monday!
First Andy Pettitte, now Brett Gardner to rehab in #ROC. #Yankees—not ROC parent—doing more for ROC in two days than #Twins in nine years.
You see my glory but you dont know my story. It aint peaches and cream
i need it how much?
Getting paid. But amateur is not the opposite of pro in this sense.
tells jokes from stage!!! Lol
yesterday was gorgeous in San Francisco...what happened to the sun today?
retweet if your into a Kronum tailgate for the ship. 16 to enter, 21 to drink.
point of personal privilege.
The e-mails we receive from entrepreneurs wanting to start companies at are so insane I should probably publish them.
it's so good right??? Wait until season 4. Just crazy.
what will we accomplish this year?
Congrats on the move and job! Wishing you the best as you take on the new opportunity.
Master Builders Home Improvement 92 saint Nicholas ave suite 4a, ny ny 10026
No one said good morning to me.. :(
feels like its going to be a bad day!
I haven't been called a nerd for years- thanks! I'm glad someone else finds my projects interesting too!
Tell you if I knew. They don't trust us. RT“: wanna give me a hit on summerjam artists? I'll bring you cookies :)”
Prepping for Market on Saturday and loving it! Gonna be super busy when Tues. and Sat. market starts July 9th. Also busiest catering month
your V.I.P
birthday shout out to best short lived bio lab partner ever with
Wait until you sober up! :)
Check out ABC nightly news right now, and see what we are doing in Oliver. We ARE making Baltimore better.
I highly recommend listening to the Tron Soundtrack; haunting and transporting listen.grooveshark.com/#/search/song?q=daft%20punk%20tron
next followers who follow her.. she so cute.. LIke her tweets.,<3<3<3<3 folloow all (her).<3
I’ve Decided To Break It Off With “Jiffy Lube”…We Just Can’t Be Partners In “Car Care” Anymore…
Haha well of course. If he had a song named "Hannah", that would probably be mine. =P "Lighthouse" is my other favorite too!
I'M HUNGRY AF.
At Rockbar listening to rockstar Aaron spin wicked 80's music. Gonna be an awesome m4c finale with him dj-ing!!!
What IF Dr. Obagi created a whole new line? Would that excite your skin or what?!
Twitter tip #2: When you're done with a tweet, you can just stop and send it. No need to say, "That is all." It's implied.
Thanks! I just hope there's enough coffee at work to get me through this week! And probably next week, too.
Check out the new Michael Franti tour! its official! Do it for the love tour USA-we will be there!!!
That awkward moment when you're singing Michelle Branch at the top of ur lungs & pull up beside a car of Black guys... =X
9 out of 10 Dentist recommend Muscadet over Cabernet, just saying. Keep those whites shiny!
Check out our station Mr.Sutton,we are the future of the industry.I will email you my credentials.You will laugh.Give me a call
I laughed when I first read that ... I almost fell out of my chair thinking that was the content per "bite" ... !
Bass parts for Machete a go go are done.
I Think WE Should Kiss Under The Mistletoe Hehe XD <3
Never Settle for anything Less than what you Deserve.
haha, clearly going north UP the coast!
Perfection is not attainable, but if we chase perfection we can catch excellence. ~Vince Lombardi
Good land use planning can have a positive impact on concentrated poverty. Mix with good econ. dev. and great things can happen in cities.
Rockin Roy and Mr.Roboto!!! #LetsRockThisShit ... Karaoke is off the hook tonight #Milwaukee!!! Awesome!
As soon as these kids are in beds, I'm gonna collapse. And cry.
Thanks #edcampCincy for another great unconference.
“What an excellent day for an exorcism.” The Exorcist (1973)
Have you been on a cruise? if so, to where? How many nights?
En Route to thee gym, Late Night Workout Time
: Finally listening to "Maybe Steps". I'm still trying to figure out "Lucid Dream"!!!!
Hey Christine!!
I remember watching Ron Silver speak at the 2004 Republican National Convention. It takes a lot of guts to be a Hollywood ex-liberal. R.I.P.
S/O TO OUR NEW FOLLOWERS HAVE A BLESSED DAY!
So good to see and last night!
today started at 4:15 am
Dear Mr Blow we all know people who could have died that way God bless you for getting the word out ! ignorance is the source!
Always feels good to get some swings in.
and don't forget
it's Awesome.. Love it... PERFECT PERFECT PERFECT!<3
Planking everywhere,.....
I'm in Tulsa. I'll be leaving for Fay in about 2 hours.
Sat in for my first wine tasting with reps here yesterday and came up with my first Moto pairing!
“Girls Gone Wild” on the Hill? Watch ’s interview w Girls Gone Wild CEO on internship scandal 5:45
Would love to be in NM to see sunrise or sunset. Both are so beautiful there.
Thats too cute :)
ugly ass profile pics...
same here
I remember on iCarly .com I messaged you all saying to make a video with Miranda Aria Jen... saying for me to come visit -
Sucks for all you doing homework right now! I already got it done ;)
RT : SUNN O))), EAGLE TWIN, THE ACCUSED @ Center for Arts in Eagle Rock 2nite! SUNN O))) hits the stage @ 9pm! let's get droned!
Break a leg Wendi! You'll be great!
3747 N Mississippi! :D
I wish my shoes would come in ):
same to you! Thanks for saying hello!
Just because #Fringe will not be on this Friday does not mean we cannot watch it...what episode will you watch?!
Up to 1-Million new job vacancies in tech, healthcare, etc.expected- next 10 years in Northern VA Bob Templin NOVA Comm College.
when they try to help me with these problems
Here's a secret: For the last 7 years every March I lead a double life, and become a reporter on the Iditarod trail. Checkout
A few classic NOLA movies to watch before heading to #SCMS11: 3. Cincinnati Kid 2. King Creole 1. Abbot & Costello Go to Mars
O'Day gets out of a MAJOR jam
World Cup sub-20 is on! England vs. North Korea.
I got josh an apple :|
INK TIME!!!! :D then I get to get crazy with my girls!
RT! Everyone follow my boys and and their band right now!!
>> Yeah! Soo excited!
You are all are going to love the new songs :D
Morning Mr. Smith!! RT S/O 2
In the past 31 seasons, only 4 #Wizards/#Bullets rookies have started more games than Chris Singleton. Can you name them?
we are in the smoking section--->all the way back
God damn I miss u already!!!
Holly Cow!...Top Natural Breast Agmentation Review? Beliebers Love Boyfriend
Just Submitted Myself For a Commercial for Summerfest,Hope I Get It
That should not have happened. Please contact customer service with your order number for a replacement
President Obama has been granted approval to send military aid into Los Angeles. RT BarackObama: It is not too late to act
Haha RT : Stop at a red light. Check Twitter. Get honked at. Realize the light turned green 15 tweets ago. Speed off.
We really love when we receiving our HUGE shipments of It's like Christmas all year.
Thanks to all of our new followers! We'll be adding pictures today of all of our machines to that you can see what we're working with!!
when did they even have time to film more than this !?
Most old school coffee pots only make 1 kind of coffee. Our office's makes 2: burnt & extra burnt. Managed to brew the former today.
hi bitch, we never talked again. :c
funny...you're a funny man
See I pop cherries & pick cherries, no stress.
Long. Looonnnggg day today. Gonna unwind with a drink and perhaps some music.
story of my life tomorrow
Everybody look up enasni on reverbnation its been a long time since a CD with this much passion has been on the market
Every man is a quotation from all his ancestors. Ralph Waldo Emerson
Coffee blood
The most used letter in the English alphabet is 'E', and 'Q' is the least used!
Poolside at #theroosevelthotel. Translation: I'm one happy camper!
"they say they down for the team but playing two damn sides"
I hope Randy Orton vs. Chris Jericho doesn't happen, as that has "pay-per-view main event" written all over it.
Omg this debate is fucken awesome
wasn't sure if it was a policy thing about linking to outside apps. but yes, a bit silly & difficult /cc
Hire character. Train skill. – Peter Schutz
West Virginia: West Virginia Teacher Retirement Plans
Without insurance BC is $10 at any pharmacy for 3 months. How much do you think cancer drugs are? They are not =
They tried to go hard well I went harder
Wash your car using a bucket and sponge, preferably using water from your water butt.
Sigh, yeah. I don't wake up planning to battle jerks, but sometimes that's just what happens.
its trending
#stilldrunk /cc "I got pissed last night and went dancing"
Yeah cash it risky but playing at low levels just isn't worth it to me! I like higher stakes to make money quicker.
wat it do ppl im back on the streets again so wats new
Swearing was invented as a compromise between running away and fighting.'
I could tell by the cackles from the other room something ridiculous happened.. Of course it was Cali lol
No follow back Petersburg VA?....No more stock control keys for u
That awkward moment when you walk into a closet and don't end up in Narnia
Today = major tea day. Started with chai, moved on to my iced mate blend, and looking fwd to some rooibos boba this afternoon!
#TEXASFRIGHTMAREWEEKEND i'ma meet FUCKING P.J SOLES!!!!!!!
Thanks! We need to catch up soon!
I'm honored that you chose to share that with us. I think.
he is indeed
i didnt hear if he got took.. hopefully someone picked him up!
It's pretty awesome how adding music to scenes makes a world of difference.
So from the looks of it, the #lakeshow found their offense and will face okc on monday!!
I know dats right, bruh! Get it!!
Bring a "snowflake" in and get 25% off any hair service.
One for the money , two for the es .
#erl12 now that you've had some time to reflect, what was your favorite ER&L conference experience?
It's Nap:30
Should I bite my tongue until blood soaks my shirt
you are my future ex girlfriend
Yes, If you follow me!
no you listen here buddy
WWW.loft401.com Construction of Loft 401 is underway!!
blff.. I'm bored. Yhu && princess still playing?
Paula Hemphill telling stories of Jesus to the next generation
Smiths Medical Launches Innovative Solution for Better Pain Management
:you should find out experience it for yourself some time...lol...
#usethe19th please, please please
hotel recs for austin?
Can't wait to go back to school this fall Ima be the next Cake Boss Lol
sad to be 20ish and already be out of skin for another tattoo
Punk ass biter JOSE
Hey mister. I didn't know you had twitter!
A great, great close! Outta the park! Please now, President Obama, go do it! Dammit, just do it. #SOTU /via
I need that shower scene daily tho. Thems the rules
Game over
Life does not make exceptions for excuses - me.
Yeah, no kidding. She can blame editing all she wants, but there's no way they're twisting her words that much.
Artician will be going down for server maintenance in 15 minutes at 8:30pm PST.
If you're in Clifton, come hang at rohs street cafe, my trio is laying down beats for 4 emcees, packed house!
lol bitch if u ain't got no ass wear a poncho
i love ICONic Boyz and they defiantly deserve to win but IaME was...... ok?
Feathers kinda scare me.
haha I got all those on Lock! Yeah we do bro!
So here’s some advice on helping to choose a sleeping bag
Falling Alseep In His Arms Felt Almost Perfect(:
me and him was ****in in my room wat else is there
Thanks for the RT!
Jimmy Fallon taping starts this afternoon! Be sure to watch his first show from a #SuperBowl city late tonight!
i love <3
ew, who left ass grapes in the fridge?
RT : Be the person who has what it takes to make the most of the opportunity you seek. - ralph marston
thanks for the promotion! Very fun. Looking forward to all of the guesses.
Keep your dog's teeth & gums healthy and give them a raw knuckle bone or soup bone. They'll do the work and have fun at it too
Lol. Smh. RT : This is a great tweet. RT Whale watching? Pass. I hate whales.
lol oh have fun where ever ur going :)
Meeting new people out now makes me realize how much they bore me.
Hey dude i know! I know its just a saying! It was a joke ya fuckin jerk! U mad tho
And on those white pants, too. Gross.
I don't think I do and I'm trying to go to the vibrams, I thought this would be a step in that direction
Yes they did. A very pleasant surprise.
favorite quote I heard yesterday: 'Content is the new black.'
Lol@ Slain in the Spirit! ROTFL!
Next new F'book "friend" gets a painting made by us. (Un)lucky for you, we're out of taint-colored acrylic (but PLENTY of "Sandy Pube" left)
yess -__-so annoying but i'm bored and he's the only one that texts back so i guess :( Lmao
your sick, lets work! DM where i can send you something
dang!!!!!.. i done bought a new one already lol thats dangerous
Feb is Heart Health Month- Keep your heart healthy: don't smoke, maintain a healthy weight, regular physical activity. www.americanheart.org
Next semester it won't be the same though.
in the shower and you think, "wait, have I put soap on yet or not?"
I'm really unwell. Please make me smile by clicking my follow button.. Please Austin<U+2665>
I love thee for a heart that,s kind-not for the knowledge of the mind.
YO! Need some good, reasonably priced hotels in the Bay Area to look at. Go.
We're trying to come up with a way that she can stay with me for a night when I come back. And obviously it won't happen if she stays with
I dont want a robut...I want a robutt! Thanks.
I'm @ #staplescenter.Why dont veggie burgers come w/chips like all the other burgers?I don't eat meat but still want my salt & grease!
you should hit and bring me on the show so we can chop it up sis!
“I am never bored; to be bored is an insult to one's self.” <U+2015> Jules Renard
I would never! My mom would kill me! :)
Took a shot of NyQuil. Going ham with my pillow. Peace out fuckers.
Read your FB post. You know how I am about the swearing thing, yeah I know, total prude, but man on man you are on point girl!
follow back
Washington DC, Frank Gehry Residence in Santa Monica, Calif has been recognized for its' architectural excellence.
Ah yes, the great battle of the Revolutionary War: Laptops Vs. E-readers.
Players just announced Fall musical: Spring Awakening. You need to go back to immediately to star in this production.
haha I wish, brother! But thank you. Even if I was, I'd still respond to tweets.
sorry, does not compute, you responded within two hours of my tweeting
is that shrimp?
so sorry love! Stay strong :)
note to self: don't wear colored pants to school again.
check out Rip N Lip Outfitters today for awesome fishing apparel!
Walking with your friend and randomly pushing them into someone/something.
I'm reading The Knife of Never Letting Go by Patrick Ness and Breakdown by Sara Paretsky.
Walkin into this studio session with El Tumi. Gotta lotta stuff on my mind. I speak you listen.
ima girl wit dreams and i want them to come true so wat im doin is im gonna be on americas got talent thx to justin bieber inspiring me
I hope everyone has an amazing time at #HHAwards tonight! Huge thanks to for finding someone to use my tix!
Back from hanging out in Bellingham for the weekend.
EVERYONE IS WEARING RED. EVERYONE.
oh word thanks for all the birthday wishes crew, had a very relaxing day.
Age Don't Matter Unless Y'all Really Live EachOder
Forever distracted.
EnrimDesign.com is being redesigned!
World Book Day."If a book is really good, it deserves to be read again, and if it's great, it should be read 3 times."Anatole Broyard
I think you earned it!
It's been fun running around Hawaii! Today is Four Seasons...LOVE this luxury hotel!
Happy Easter Everyone, we enjoyed easter egg hunting on the beach!!!
. 'Intuition begins w/listening' speaks to about central role of intuition to artists, to self, to life
Shelburne Museum opens at 10 a.m. on Sunday. 2 xtra hours to see 2011 exhibits before they're gone....
take yo ass to the movies
Tournament of Kings Exclusive Email Offer $36.05: Tournament of Kings Tickets 20% Discount. Tickets $36.05
Thank you Jimmy. Right now I'm being held hostage by my clients. Hope to see some daylight soon!
definitely. , have you checked out yet? Would love to talk about non-profs and innovation sometime!
Follow Me Back
If #GirlScouts can make limited edition ice cream w/ their diabolically delicious cookies, I vote someone starts making a #ThinMint Porter.
Thank you!
Eid Mubarak everyone. Having a great time meeting people, hearing about their issues and working with my volunteers.
also because the uniontown hotties are high fashion
Shout out to for holding it down for p&w yesterday...don't know what id do without you guys!!!
Anyone else wanders when, SpongeBob will get him dam license
Listening to Motivation by Kelly Rowland
I haven't turned on mah crusty ass TV in days.
Can't let saving lives get in the way of ideology RT : The Komen Foundation pulled breast-screening grants from Planned Parenthood.
All Brausse machines are CE & CSA certified and therefore OSHA compliant. Don't waste money on guarding old machines, trade for a BRAUSSE!
cause i dfotn like people i know in person on here
He's the coming attraction...he'll be in as soon as we need him. 2nd quarter, 8 minute mark. Refs are gonna control.
Woke up and can't sleep "/ blah.
Leave it to the Yankees to ruin the spirit of the celebratory throwback game for #Fenway100 by wearing batting helmets.
#gratitude: Meeting great people on twitter, trees leafing out, network meeting successful, taco night with the kids, warm bed, needed sleep
And I found the gingerbread houses :D
haha yea she's adorable. Come visit her one day
i dont think you want to jump off the bridge cause i wouldn't just think positive
awesome!! Go Boys!!
hi Lori!! Just joined! They want us to at school! Wow! I see now why kids have ADD!!!
Although if you ever meet a pro wrestler, they all shake hands that way, especially with each other.
they get fat white girls we get all the other girls lol
You have NYU friends? We must run in the same circles.
I hate when someone tell me what I'm not capable of doing it really boils my shit but I love it at the same time
we thought you were over the twins :(
I own a digital marketing company, lecture at a university, have a radio show & am trying to sell a couple TV shows currently
I'll never be what you want
Leap Dave Williams? Who's dressing in blue and yellow next Wed?
Happy Cinco de mayo
let's not get too concerned
Upon hearing the basketball recruiting news last night, Charlie Strong said he has now banned ESPNU from covering Louisville football
agreed! Content is king!
thank ya! Have you seen the film yet ?! I haven't
are you trying to decide on places to stay in Del Mar? Can we answer any questions for you?
“: I don't often hear it mentioned as such, but hope is a powerful thing.”|| It sure is my friend!
Dublin Down Festival, featuring - the place to be St. Patrick's Day weekend to celebrate Irish culture....
for 30 years computers have mostly been an add-on and an afterthought
We here at Cozy Cat Press are so proud of our three #authors! Patricia Rockwell, Diane Morlan, and Allen B. Boyer!
post-yum dinner, lo-key #movienight #drive dvd. yay! xo
I got Afterwards! Thank you so much! See you at the next galley chat!
Just talked with St. Norbert College Prof Kevin Quinn about the economics of the NFL -- his new book is out Dec. 31.
I want some Tudor's. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Uploading me singing the lazy song! i'm kinda good.. but lets just see what my supporters say! :p
I had no idea! Thanks. I've worked with AT before but don't at my current gig, and need a sandbox to muck around in.
Rappers! Send your music into us by a simple, direct message.
when was the last time you bought an Apple product below retail value?bidfather.com
Lookin fwd to torrent of mp3s for sxsw 2012 at sxswtorrent.com. Finding the gems in the 2000 tracks of new music is always a highlight.
Where were you when I needed you the most?
Uh-oh....I got you tweeting!!! LOL :) and thanks!
RT []: Milwaukee's black community feels that their vote is being taken for granted.
yes I wore my helmet and we don't all need training wheels like you bro lol
At the park wow someone should tell that girl not to wear those ugly grandma shoes with that pretty dress.
Really over people in this town.
I hope you have some sweet games on it...
so do I! It's amazing!
League team trivia starts tonight at 8pm. 8 weeks long 1 to 4 people per team. Winning team gets Packer tickets.
First up: 's Dan Auerbach on jailbreaking.
Haha I'm so ready for the freaking summer ;)
Blue Collar Comedy Tour :)
Sometimes I feel like Tennessee is holding me back.
Huge Auction 40" plasma HDTV! Let the bidfather make you an offer you cant refuse
Hey ...ur social media insight is workin well
Thanks for the follow.
Short people have fewer back problems than tall people do
You might be spoiling me with too much love but you're gonna make me lonesome when you go. -Bob Dylan
RT : BizTimes Nonprofit Weekly: Brewers Community Foundation() helps open a library...
Maybe you've been knocked down. It's time to get up and recover all. Just don't ever forget the taste of dirt!
awe ok :) I though u were upset. I wasnt sure if u was or not.
hey what's up?
Must have been good because he drifted into a full on lane change. Thankfully no one was next to him.
Thanks jake :3 what's up?
#MoviesILove starting with the Letter "Q"
145 Brook Meadow Lane- Great Modern Home on Corner Lot- Liberty 145000 - bath vanity combo
If you have a tumblr page make sure to head over to our website (www.DebbieDownerEnt.com) and click the "follow" button!
I need to get one now!
I'm missing this Panda person!
Rule of the day: Don't get in the way of a man and his son's birthday cake. Not sure what just happened there...
"Where does the time go?" he asked. "Behind you." she said.
you're a weird turkey cooker.
You will do it T23. I just hope they give you the rock more!
2012 East Side Green Market applications are now available - please email to get one today!
I'm not sure why bed bugs are in quotes, maybe to highlight their horribleness?
Sharing a couple of my favorite products for soft supple skin - enzymatic resurfacing masque, 100 percent hyaluronic acid, face nourisher...
Lol I get bored and doodle.
Let's assume for the sake of argument we're talking about people you haven't heard yet...
Everything is up! Take a listen! Preorder?
Music alumni, the DBU Grand Chorus' Spring concert is in Pilgrim Chapel THIS Friday night at 7. Spread the word!
Paul paid tribute to John Lennon with his lovely imagined afterlife conversation “Here Today” at last nights Yankee Stadium sold out concert
Need to have a BBQ...to nice outside
You know you're going crazy when you're awake at 5 a.m. with German phrases from Beethoven's 9th stuck in your head.
Pop Lock And Drop It
Last night was very fun. I'm so happy to meet a shining beacon of awesomeness.
what's up royce?
Ah fall!
Less secular, more Christian. When did "Free Bird" become worship?
FOOD FACTS! Honey is the only food that will never go bad.
how u like the Ravens!!!! Learn how to call football skip Baseless
Pep rally tomorrow:) then homecoming dance on saturday oh yeah
Don't condescend me, tall Bono!
I watched The Avangers two days ago and my face was like <U+2192> :O . I didn't see pink on every scenes of The Avangers. It's my favorite color.
#Lakers finally get a win in #Dallas! and Kobe all had huge games #teamwork is key! Thanks you
Following ambulance with lily in it. Broke arm at gymnastics.
u coming down to watch the fight?
": You Keep Me Hangin' On was the gayest thing Glee has ever done."Done by the gayest Quinn Fabgay ;)
math rock is tight dude
Game of Thrones returns. Winter is coming and I can't wait!
me too!
What kind of toys are you looking for? And are you in the Boston area? I think Coolidge Corner has independent toy/game stores, &c
No, I just have trouble befriending PPE majors.
never gave into peoples bs, never will. I do what I want, whenever the hell I feel like it.
The awkward moment when wikipedia has copied your homework. /via
pussies out on saving the planet with wind turbine project to save the fucking birds. Political Gridlock at it's finest.
There should be an emo band called Brian Krakow.
this semester needs to be OVER!
waking up from sleeping and you have a headache so bad you ask yourself what where you drinking? and you didn't drink any thing
how to kick flip: first u kick... then u flip...
at least he could carry a tune. And got off the bus shortly thereafter.
Follow my brother ! :)
I have no idea what you just said so I'm just gonna say "yeah" and smile.
#ForeverJealous of the girl that danced withh Jason.
IU 7th RT “: This is North Carolina's 799th week in the AP national poll, the most all time.”
Playing some pokerstars. All-In!
Mcdonald's has new lids... And they suck!!
slumber party!
It'll be hard to tear myself away RT : I know you like whippin a Prius
Fuck a relationship, make yourself happy.
seriously has such a sick style.
I'll be there. There's a complementary bloody mary bar this year, right?
Funk luv to all my mobsters world wide!
thanks for coming to Harper High School today. So much violence. Your support is encouraging and uplifting.
End to restricting liquids on airport security? An #Israel laser-based scanner detects illusive liquid explosives in 3-5 seconds
The size of a raindrop is around 0.5 mm - 2.5 mm, and they fall from the sky on average 21 feet per second
Ladies, place your heart in the hands of God & he will place it in the hands of a man who he believes deserves it.
People often say that 'beauty is in the eye of the beholder,' and I say that the most liberating thing about beauty is .. ~ Salma Hayek
omg only 3 minutes into the show and it is so intense i can't take it
I get to wake up early on a Saturday to go sing songs I don't like for people I don't know? Now that's exciting. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
We lost a family member Eric Mark Stovall "Spade" Team Assassian. My nephew....we miss u.
enjoyed chatting with you over dinner last night! Look forward to connecting again soon!
Standby for our 30A Songwriters Festival schedule. We will post it as soon as we have it!
What will 2012 bring to Kloibers? MORE ENGAGEMENT RINGS! Yes, we are expanding our bridal line! :)
It's snowing...ewwww
Nothing much :D just life . in Chicago right now !
when will I get the hang of it? I must be too old....
Share your knowledge of the Holocaust!
Spotted bumpersticker: "Ron Paul is our George Washington." I don't see much of a similarity with though.
the track
At #courtoftwosisters with friends
We also hate passive sentences!
"Our God is able... AND He will!" (Daniel 3:17)
"Frankie Coffecake, no good. Put'em in the,bathroom"
RT : The first 50 people to whisper “baked fresh” at each Sprinkles receive a free vanilla!
I love wine....call me a pussy I don't care. Match my party record against anyone...I bet its close. Wine is good
love is too overrated
Drugs are a 320 billion dollar industry... damn its more junkies out here than I thought!
Got a good work Out in zumbaaa today:) woowoop
This is when I abandon my alliance. #Yankees, do work.
we're listening to Buble in our office right now! Who doesn't like his singing?
They should trade Kolb for picks and sign vince young for peanuts
I'm doing pretty good. How are you?
Take me to a place where doors are open A lovely little place where no one's broken
do it do it!
decker someone already has that twitter account
poor ulnar nerve RT Brantley will have right hand surgery early next week to remove the hamate bone
Isaiah 54:17 ~ prophetic look at the millennial reign in Revelation 20-21!!! God is awesome!!!
I blame Harvard's baseball team for getting 'Call Me Maybe' stuck in my head.
Ive got your back on this cause its #war RT : To the person who just tweeted me a virus...do it again and there will be blood.
but I still want to be a toys r us kid, do I have to go to work? :(
": I hate texting people who don’t use smileys , I feel like im texting an emotionless robot."
New training video on Flash Recognition for Law Enforcement Officers on our Training page at CopsAlive.com or at www.YouTube.com/CopsAlive
whoa dude.
My parents weren't always there, cause my dad was in the military. So, I never took either of them for granted. I love my mommy and daddy.<3
My favorite childhood #edreform book: "Willie Wonka and the Testing Factory"
losing half the band in an outrageous college rager where we knew no one
Coffee anyone?
The anticipation is killing me! Cannot wait to share exciting #lathtr news once everything's confirmed.
great blog - read several articles and they are awesome. Neat thing to do with your close BFFs - I might steal it. :)
Yarp. BHFWD is awesome... especially when there's a BHFWD party in Falls Church. :D I like me some festivities.
Rs who hate the Chevy Volt might as well say they hate America. Can baseball, hot dogs & apple pie be far behind?
Somehow, Twitter doesn't seem like it would be Cormac McCarthy's ideal form. The 140-character limit... ouch.
feel better! I didn't go last week because I was sick!
hi Ginger my sis lives in Cali. Santa Annas supposed to start up again tonite. U want any pics or video?
Happy birthday ! Love you best friend!!
quote from : "I found black girl leggin's so they are going to fit zack". lol
Smokin dank and playin the guitar! It's awsome
Much like the FDA itself.
RT : #Aquarius can retreat from the world into solitude. They appreciate alone time to rebuild their spiritual core
thank you - hope everyone is safe and doing well
You can make them so easily, even in Maine! RT : Save a lemon peppermint stick for me, please!
because i might be going to Hawaii or Acapulco for the summer so I'm gonna need the money.
Shout Out To Follow Her She Follows Back Nd Gives Shout Outs /Mentiins .
great pic,made me smile
Don't really need to, we've already always included IUDs on our two primary pages about EC. :)
That was a great game between #LobCity & the Grizz! Time for this Thunder vs Mavs game! I think the broom is coming out
Up early & ready for a great week :)
Just listened to new song #SaySomething !!! It is soo good!!! Can't wait for it to hit #iTunes <33 #proudmahomie :)
Also sad to hear because I've been getting pretty excited about libpd from reading about it on noisepages.
whats good bro
S/o to all the faithful guys
RT : Watching #FutureFood hope these guys are coming back for an another season!
white. white. white. very nice.
Centrica considered Qatar gas supply deal - Financial Times
They shoot for the stars I say shoot for the head.....
Get your TAN ON!!! *Specials TODAY* Buy 10 tans, and get 5 FREE!!! Purchase any lotion over $60 and receive two FREE weeks of tanning!
Boston better stop bs'n and give Philly the business
#NationalDrink Coca Cola
CS alum Michael Medaglia's 'Kitty Kitty' will be released through VODO on June 10. We <U+2665> Michael & VODO, & we <U+2665> a good pairing even more.
Im screwed when I come back to school tomorrow. ;_;
There is only one person who could ever make you happy, and that person is you. - David Burns
oh glasses pic.
oooohh I love their chocolate! Lol
Facebooks or tumblrs?? ill add and follow you!! (: <33
I have all those CDs you made for me already, so perhaps surprisingly, I do trust your judgement on this.
Have a great weekend everyone!
Ogden Nash~ I think that I shall never see a billboard lovely as a tree. Perhaps unless the billboards fall Ill never see a tree at all.
cool. good luck, let me know if you need me to do my medical librarian thing on anything for you! :)
I'm with you there. Hes not a great quarterback by any means. But the dude wins. And that's what it's about at the end of the day
i love them.. they r awesome !!! :) -anna
unbelievable. a tower of strength and a shining inspiration to us all
Very nice holiday party tonight at the Miami Beach Convention Center with the GMCVB and the Miami Beach Chamber
Nice. I am biased as a DC native, but that is a good choice.
happy birthday weekend, Brandon! May Aphrodite shine her graces on you forever more.
RT : Perfect week to capture some pics of your fun in #AngelFire..email them to us & you could be our Featured Pic of the...
that's how the Broncos role...bros and baseball.
Good luck to Ben Vinson (UK) and (FR) in the final 24 at #EPTGrandFinal Monte Carlo today | The Trip Leader!
oh okay. That's really great! I'm actually in the atl..
I'm actually enjoying King's "Under the Dome" quite a bit - it's crazy pulpy, super implausible and will prob make a great Showtime show.
How's your neck and shoulders darlin?
Going home to watch scary movies. Too cold to be anywhere other than my bed tonight.
The stress has finally cracked me. Eating Ghirardelli chocolate squares for my morning snack- at least it is 60% cacao #grad school
People have cats, some have small dogs. I'm sure you could work something out.
Finally saw The Hunger Games!! :)
good now
Stop Lookin' n jus chill, God gon' send u sumbody when u least expect it!
Does wear a helmet ? B/c somewhere an #NFL player is - LOL.
Our destiny is not determined by anyone who leaves our lives.
Life is a moderately good play with a badly written third act. ~ Truman Capote
RAUL YOU'RE SO COOL WITH THAT AARP CARD
Thanks for trying! I've missed about half of the webinar. i think i'll need to reschedule.
Spoke to Antonio Rocha about January's performances in Indy. For more details visit, www.storytellingarts.org
The little poopie snoop is trying to be a little player. I think its so cute! ^_^ Lmao!
Write a really well-written post 1-2 times a week rather than 4-5 awful posts. Editors, publishers, agents are evaluating.
lol if you find them and take pics plz post them on here plz
‘Give It Back’ protest demands Coconut Grove Playhouse’s return to public ownership
Only flaw of The Avengers was that it did not keep up with the Kardashians.
Whoops. Meant Carven Resort 2012... Doing a lot of catch up tonight.
i wish i could walk around with my bestfriend at Festival of nations...
If you are not a strong leader you will be a victim of a school that needs a positive change.
I hate when people take your food with out asking
thanks to State Rep (D-9) Barbara Boyd for her endorsement.
260-224-2443. Text/call me if you want(:
You too!
Just saw #chronicle! Pretty good movie.
bye ppl gtg take a nap so tired been up since 4 am and its like 7 pm and so trierd need 2 gym 2morrow 2 wow so buzy diz week
That sounds like a great idea, I'll prob. be down around 5/5 and def. around the TMS conference (not sure of dates)
. Oh! Our crime fighting catch phrase can be "We'll sleep when we're dead!" Fitting and reinforces how bad ass we are.
ENVIDA Group: Announces Mobile Marketing to services. One of the fastest growing segments in the industry. www.envidagroup.com
and i love that about us!
RT : Honored 2 be in your airtime wake--care to hit a fellow broad with a shout out for the
........ More new products and colors coming in AUGUST.
yeah bro, what u up to?
not as harsh,but yes.just trying to bulk up now and cut too.
where are u
If you guessed Wham's Christmas Album, you were correct! night Twonks!
this kids having a bitchfit prob bc of the interview on monday that we were at...
Thanks Pres! I hope you know you ARE my favorite daughter!!!! Love you too!
- if that isn't a sign, I don't know what is.
RT : Golf writer's doomsday scenario: Bradley 3-putts, Dufner makes double on 18, Anders Freaking Hansen wins the playoff....
Go LA go OKC lol I'm in a win win situation
now playing... the Full Service Tour show with Deborah! nkairplayradio.com
time for ice cream
Can everyone please do me a BIG favor and VOTE for Tonight for #ABDC7 on <3
going to sleep. love you all. night x
"Some people will only tell you what you wanna hear when they want something from you"
Brookline Arts Center Captures the Crown at Boston's 4th Annual Extreme ... - EON: Enhanced Online News (press release)
NO MATTER HOW GREAT THE TALENT OR EFFORTS, SOME THINGS JUST TAKE TIME. YOU CAN’T PRODUCE A BABY IN ONE MONTH BY GETTING NINE WOMEN PREGNANT-
welcome back. sorry there's no publix here.
I don't hold grudges, I hold promises.
#NowPlaying Let's Get Crazy - Cassie ft. Akon (Blue Ice Trance Edit)
"99 Problems" would be a great song selection for the first dance at a wedding.
Human spell-checkers need for today's radio spelling bee at noon on Call 410-235-1157
You can test drive a stroller at #biggestbabyshower on 11/7
Are you building a nail file house? That's way cooler than a popsicle stick house.
Well, this sure is hard to watch.
#WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay More songs need Auto-Tune these days
second one. Impact did it as USL side.
watching #VMAs!!!! is the best!!!!! she is so funny
what happened?
Hey I heard you were a wild one
no whiteout for me either. Game past kids bedtime. Mrs educrawford is going with her friends.
its about 2am
You call it Dancing with the Stars. We call it practicing for the end zone. Good luck Donald Driver!
Agreed... being on this year's Printz committee I can vouch for uneven dystopian quality!
Let your smile change the world but, don't let the world change your smile.<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
In this booth doing voice over Sounding like a like boy
Gen (ret.) Stanley McChrystal making closing comments.
Yes, ! So glad that we bonded over that. It's a new world. Release all things. Enjoy life. Learn. Grow. Expand. Trust.
lewis copeland at the stage! tonighhhhhhhttttttttttttttttttttt!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I hate the CUSTY that makes good $$ but wants a gram every 3 days instead of just getting more. "Just a $20" ugh
DEAL! RT : what say & I take you guys out for lunch one of these days?
haha I love you so much for that tweet. Feels like we're back at pub time!
so very true, lady!
I Gotcha
Bring into play the almighty power within you, so that on the stage of life you can fulfill your high destined role.~Paramahansa Yogananda
Hey why don't u have a recent post regarding #MarriageEquality stance on your #fb page?
lmao thanks i try :)
"From the shotgun shack to the Superdome/ We yelled 'help' but the cavalry stayed home" -Bruce Springsteen, We Take Care Of Our Own
chilli' with da hubby 2nite, doing what we do..cause we DO IT GOOD!!!!
and 80's style shorts
what's #dapperday?
Seriously #glee?? Basic math!?
So lucky to have the best little guy in my life!!!! He's so incredible
#Blackhawks I love you guys but wow tonights just heartbreaking
I don't care for #oomf anymore.
I guess ill say ill miss you.
HERE WE GO #NUGGETS!! Time to get back in this series
its that weird ??? lol
If God dwells inside us like some people say, I sure hope he likes sesame chicken, cuz thats what he's getting.
Bout to go to sleep amen
"Pain is just weakness leaving the body."
You mean you haven't started?
Follow me on instagram if you havent yet!
Just got permission to burn the duty binder for warmth from
I can't follow you mate!
. redesign did a pretty amazing job of burying the deposit button on group accounts. It's pretty damn hard to find now...
Looking fwd to showing our film tomorrow at
lmao oh is he lame?:l
Thanks for
Goodnight Adam. It is bitter and lovely and real. Thank you for your voice, your wit the ill communications. Loud solace so many drives home
let's go hoe
Just devoured some homemade khachapuri. No match for the slices we had in Moscow, but not a bad first attempt. Now on the hunt for Suluguni.
Let's make Joseph Kony famous
Preggo yoga time....seems fitting for today
LAUREN TWEET!! it's been too long since you tweeted omg! and i had a waffle sandwich for breakfast. for all of you wondering what that is...
Thank you! Hope you have a great day!!
They're catering the their audiences' appetites though. Lowest common denominator.
is nominated for four Grammy awards! #thankyoujesus i might actually watch them this time around.
because my citizens are crazy.
Why do earthworms love concrete sidewalks?
What a run?! Feeling good. Time for a nap. Although, I might not be able to get back up :)
You is kind.....you is smart....you is important.
Tool on Pandora
The bright sound we're hearing now is Michael Gordon's Clouded Yellow, also written for
Avid hoops fan & his bud break down last night's action in the #NBA playoffs & looks ahead to tonight.
GOOD MORNING TWEETS! I HOPE YALL HAD SWEET DREAMS
What a great nap
Data should not exist only in the cloud or only on a device. Back-up, export, sync.
well this instagator might get hurt by one of the fighters
So thunderstorms are actually romantic <3 Great night for this (:
When I'm to tha point to just walk away and not even care anymore, I know it's time!
and what does that mean ?
Now that midterms week is over I can get back to reading The Venus Throw, and maybe work on that blog thing again.
Reason to use Social Media Case #3 of 5 Platform Campaign Marketing: Customized SM applications, contests, interactive
That must smell crazy good!
you are a master of verbal molestation.
They tell you to be yourself....and then they judge you. But I dont give a fuck. Judge & talk about me, I like the attention
“: Well at least I have one man that will always be number one in my life and never will leave me . #foreverandforever” <U+2764>
now I understand. Any freakin' time for the competition. And u can't say hot yoga.
m hackathons... [smells like bacon]
made a good point, who the fuck is stalking me and reporting my tag? xD
I think is hilarious when he is drunk, always a gentleman
Thanks Dezel. Look forward to meeting.
You know you're on the #Dcmetro a lot when you have a favorite conductor.
can you follow me? Its heyitsmarywallace !!:)
and taper your workouts for Saturday and good luck.
WE DID IT!!! AEI earned a permanent spot on GlobalGiving! Thanks to everyone for your support on behalf of the kids in Kroo Bay. Merry Xmas!
What's planned for the Wednesday meeting this week?
Yes it will. I thought they were calling roughing the passer at first.
So much work to do and I haven't started anything
Sounds like you need to follow more interesting people then. ;)
Do you seriously think you're cute though...
Really with that damned sambuca?
Headed to Driftwood, but not for BBQ. Weird.
The coolest looking spider I've ever seen is chilling on my leg....
Yes it is at times. It also makes these annoying lines through pictures...
thank you!!
Glad we have #cool clocks! Come again soon!
I love when Monday is my Friday...well actually when any day is my Friday.
sometimes the headline is even more interesting than the content! I'm surprised how the numbered headlines have really...
Wishing everyone a safe and enjoyable New Year’s Eve
Son wants to hand out boxes of Mike & Ike's to his classmates for his birthday treat. Headed to Target to buy them out of Mike & Ike's.
Hi fun people booking for the Chicago Auto Show....I'm still available! Book me now while you still can. =)
So annoyed right now...
I think I found the Pep Boys, I'll just try to meet you there, and follow you. Unless I see it.
thanks for the support big homie! ENJOY!
Agreed, though I'm hesitant about yet another pill to fix something preventable.
omg I forgot about #TheWantedAtBillboard!! That's so exciting!
The only thing more frustrating than editing someone else's writing is editing one's own. Argh...
I've actually considered taking Florida State all the way in one of my brackets. What has the world come too?!
Still waiting, and waiting and waiting and waiting and waiting and waiting and waiting and waiting and waiting and waiting and waiting
#StupidIdeas "our relationship aint workin, lets have a baby, that might fix it"”
Idk. Is it?
First Friday of 2012! Party like it's the last!
WOOHOO!! bring back some ideas!! I'm at NKU...woohoo???
No RT : Are you hating...RT : The Pacer advanced to the next round by default. That shit should not even count.
#2BeHonest I am a talented rapper, singer, and producer
Creation of a business plan will help you solidify your concept, your plan, and your ideas in a written success.
QURL, WATER WE DOING TOMORROW?
: Thank you! Happy Easter!
seeing nick j. And then we were going to explore the city
bad habit...RT : I have a hardtime writing to beats I make. Every time I try to zone out, I obsess over the music.
Yeah #Vegas. Obv.
No problem, I love what you guys are doing with the Johnny Cash project!
The Dreaded mutant ripping shyt up!! YES SIR!!!!
. Damn ! Damn!! Damn !!!! What i'd do to have u here.here.here..
I love, love, love the smell of the beach and suntan lotion!! I need a beach day SOON!!
hi V!!!! Imma missing being on here too! Soon I'll be done with edits! Yay! ;) How was your day? Training?
At Walk Ons in Nola..great seeing vince vaughn ..you guys might recognize him from a few films..whatta great guy...he loves the
we're interested in reading your
I just ordered the tripod. Thx! Would you consider doing a tutorial about light simple light kits? That's next on my list.
I heard you need a loan!
Moving the office this wk. Original office has been here since 1928. Marketing, editorial, design & cartography getting new home.
So happy to see and Eric Ruddell at the match tonight #greatfans :)
Here I come Indy! Haven't been home in 3 months and never been so excited to see my family :)
'tomorrow, tomorrow, it's cinco de mayo.....' lmao alright mom
Panelizing with and can't wait to hear 2mrw at
Wtf. I'm Confused, Why Is Mfs Fuckking With My Emotions..!
Oh . Still trying to put these pieces together ? Anyways ...
Sticks and stones may break my bones but words will never hurt me. The biggest childhood lie ever told. Words do and always will have power!
SparkFun Electronics Launches Education Website to Bring Electronics into the ... - MarketWatch (press release)
SF's on the map!: SHOWTIME's teaming up w/ #GIANTS for a show on defending World Series champs. 10 months of behind the scenes and games!!
Hulk is a beast
haha, you know I love the ladies. Oh, wait...I mean women. That's what ya'll like to be called, right? :-P
if hell freezes over before MN, I'm gonna be pissed.
We got the Cubbies, Bulls/Heat, and Hawks playoffs all rolled into one kickass day of local sports action...
That skit with Justin. <3
Lost Weekend.
#Mobile teaching & learning discussion...The three success factors mentioned by audience have nothing to do with mobility.
NCAA UPDATE: Ohio State, seeded No. 2 in East region, to play Loyola, MD on Thursday in Pittsburgh.
8 is great, 9 wont be denied
If anyone has $5,458,637.62...i need to borrow that. pronto.
- Hi there! Thank you for following! Plz follow the real actress: & her tvshow: -Also on Facebook!
congrats! Big ups!
Danny's reading series tonight- 7:30 at one of the best bars in town.
You will absolutely love it!
Don't forget to wash ur ass too
He ran and hid behind the couch. ruff.
If you were a tear in my eye I would not cry for fear of losing you.
Shits about to get weird. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A2>
WI in #SOTU "For the first time in fifteen years, Master Lock's unionized plant in Milwaukee is running at full capacity"
I wanted to get over to that one! Keep the tweets coming! :)
And it's official: The Cougar baseball team has completely fallen apart.
You may be a cultural omnivore - able to appreciate the best of the everything at its proper level.
everything happens for a reason lol
Are you excited for the meet and greet with Mary Kay Andrews this week? We sure are! Join us at the Tifton Library!
I just checked out your book from my library. I am really excited to dive into it!
I literally can't wait any longer for Florida <33333 #may24 #whereyaat <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00BA><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+008A><U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B4>
The more you buy the more art I can create from the funds and the more new and upcycled works will appear for sale on etsy
Officially at the Honda LA Marathon at Mile 21 cheering at the purple people station! Join us for the amazing and inspirational fun!
how bout a #FF for a fellow wideout??
a single pure note thrums the heart awake.
# InterviewQuestion If you got on an elevator and everybody was sitting down, what would you do? #Jobs Problem solving-OK to ask questions!
Also true. RT : Carolina BBQ is the tits!
Whaaaaa! Can't wait for tonight. Really wish there was a special section in the hall for Indians #JustSayin'
Live life with love in your heart, peace in your nerves, and truth in your mind!
Watching Virginia vs Virigina Tech. Go Hoo's
I outlined every title in that city newspaper
Sorry, that's 30 minutes, not 40, but still too long when schedule indicates 16-17 minutes and its 2 degrees out.
ok..really sick of packing..can you tell ? sigh...just not motivated at all...
I love my family!!
Have decided I am not an overthinker; everyone else is just an underthinker. Am I right ladies?!
Love me now or let me go.
Completed my second PR interview with NIKE!!!
Tagline of .'s "Weight of the Nation" doc? "To Win, We Have to Lose." Clever.
Not feeling good :(
Justice is destructive in opposing the constructive ambiguities of law.
it did Maria :( I changed the pw and hopefully that will be the end of it, suggest you change yours as well
EQUINOX IS ON FIRE
Going to a big movie priemire in nyc tonight
Make sure you follow our girl says hes a pretty cool dude on set and a great actor
Just stopped at the Kroger in Morehead Ky. Instantly saw someone I knew.
What is Louisville? I thought there was no such place??
Hope your doing good O! Heard Food Chain killed it with Cypress
Woke up to a fist to the face...
Drink untill I get pissy; smokee until I get dizzy. . .
Wish nc woulda pulled it out, but I'll take 3 outta 4 in my bracket!
Orderin pizza! SWEET :D
Excited as 3 bikes are supposed to arrive today at the studio. One is the new mountain bike!
WAT EVER HAPPEN TO DAT LOYALTY THAT COMES B4 ROYALTY..WAT HAPPEN TO DEM FRIENDS DAT STAY DOWN TO D END..
umm...be my new dad or will u marry my mum..
Facebook is drama and is becoming hella wack.. twitter is is
"I can show you more boobs" is all I read in your last tweet & I instinctively went for the fav button
um mal call me like now!
Tonight 's night of soul music at The Bitter End at 7pm. The posted line-up is capable of spinning wonder and intrigues us.
Suddenly not feeling too well...<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
The traffic downtown #LA is insane for #occupyLA. #LosAngeles doesn't need anymore traffic problem. Can't we occupy the sidewalks?
about to eat
Top Picks: A documentary about a sushi restaurant, Johnny Carson, and more
bite me.
Such class from Balotelli in today's friendly!?!? This guy is a nightmare and has not accomplished anything yet!
I type in "Matt hunter" so much I can offically type it without looking!
YouTube it
Now a homey gettin Drowsy but I love yall peoples and my fans like my own family. So tell a friend to become a fan. and play the music ...
Should have attended #enchantment to listen to rather than being stuck in this boring panel.
LOL OMG. ITS SO HARD NOT TO LAUGH IN THIS CLASS CUZ OF YOU RIGHT NAOO XD
I hear that!
Headed home
Good to see our colleagues from , , , and at Library Day in Albany -- being heard!
So ready for #gleenationals. My love for glee is extreme do I really care what people think..Nope expect another hour of
Cannot wait to get our mani pedi on tomorrow :D
The important thing was to love rather than to be loved. ~by W. Somerset Maugham
AWW HOW COULD THEY SEND HIM HOME AFTER SOMETHING LIKE THAT?! Woahh that's going to be tough!
Not even in Chicago.
I've got to learn how you do all this cool stuff. People are starting to read too much into the hearts I'm leaving on their drinks
Good show?See it on hulu just never heard about it.Not a big tv geek.Heck only found out about community couple of days ago
Does anyone know of a great Orthopedist in Raleigh or Goldsboro? Please let me know
great article guys Thank you.
Wait, Adam Yauch died?! God damn it. Fuck you, cancer.
getting him to cooperate when changing his poopie diaper!
I hope so! haha
#WorstMemoryof2011 not fufiling my life long dream once again to meet :'(( Maybe it will finally happen in 2012?! ugh
ok sounds good
Haha cuhz you be acting like you ain't got time for a nigga no mo, talking bout I been keepin to myself an shit lol
Now and then I think of when we were together.
not saying she shouldnt get anything but save ur dignity & self respect #deion&pilar
I know alot of people are pissed about others saving spots for people but you have to look at it from their point of view also, the...
you didn't really ride on that.... Did you ????
Congrats boys. Don't choke or Jj will never stop talking about it
#BigFuture is no substitute for in-person counseling, but it's an effective supplement for use by students, families, and
Family and spirituality/faith
Reading twitterverse today makes me think I'm supposed to be pushing my book as ideal xmas present. But you know, it's not for everyone.
On my way home then to the store its grub time!
miss you too bro.
UConn commits their 7th foul & puts Butler in the bonus for the rest of the half.
A Good Way to Change a Corporate Culture by Peter Bregman
interesting.... my family is from San Antonio
puttin my government out like that“: jeremiaaaahhhh !”
Life is good life is great
We need more black people in this town.........
Tony, Minnesota would be a STATE, not a CITY... where was Reali today?
Have you been watching The Voice? I haven't but the finale is amazing!!
Teague reminds me of Delray Brooks. Providence player who transferred from Indiana
i would too if the theme is las vagas i will wear those
hollllllerrr, we're all coming in around 11 tonight, what what!
"When we exclude someone's #perspective, we lose an opportunity to gain #knowledge." -Dr. Andre M. Perry
looks like fun! I'll be following from afar
bill cunningham new york is the most amazing documentary! so inspiring.
"What's it when you wipe out a race?" -teacher "I don't know." -Theresa "it start with G and ends with enoicde"-guy " I don't know."Theresa
I do that at least once a month, but I definitely feel less guilty splurging on books.
When nice people find your wallet >>>>
I think everyone could agree that you're a sweetie pie !<U+263A><U+2764>
wow man, I had no idea we were almost at 20k! Good looking out.
I'm a huge fan, and I love music as much as you do! Will you follow me??(:
lol me too for Mrs.Bussa
Thanks! Was great meeting you too, and great job on the PR!
One ends right before the other one begins. Should be interesting traffic-wise!
awesome! Looking forward to learning more
Oh nice!! I wish the car fairy would loan me one one of those!
I think they texted the wrong person 'Hey' and thought "Adiós señorita" ;p
Follow Us at the original Account !!! 1
Lol my mom walked in the house saying" My nigga I'm Faded!"
Batteries are purchased. Tools are gathered. Ready to cross the streams with tonight!
Yay for tax returns
oh no our kitten ran away
“: You can buy Lucky Charms marshmallows in bulk without the cereal.” <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D> WANT
Hillaby on awaking to a strange nightly noise on Dartmoor: 'The moon was the colour of a corpse. Uncomforted, I crept back into the tent.'
Sapp is the reason I go hiking in Hollywood. :)
Always make sure to give your mind and body time to rest. Even if you have a million things to do, your health is muy importante!
My moms awesome B.
RT : Newest Pitney Bowes twitter handle is debuting 2day. Tweeting #health #wellness tips
How is it so far?
LOL, It's almost comical how the media *cough*foxnews*cough* must sensationalize the smallest things.
this is how the end of the semester feels like.....shit
search #smwchicago for updates.
nothing just getting dressed, you?
80 therapists are learning from Jim Thomas today at our Fall Family Therapy Workshop!!! woohoo!
It takes a village to raise a reader
Yes It Was....Wishing you Well: ))B
Anyone who has done burlesque at Gallery5 can be sure that their glitter will still be in the building several 100 years later. =)
"Nobody in the history of world has ever read the Terms and Conditions." ~ Eddie Izzard
Sorry about that....
Hello !! I come back ! #SoMuchTime :/
still have such mixed feelings on
why don't you two get together and commiserate on how awful this game was in some alternate twitter universe
tonic room is a 'good karma' place for us- atomic theory dance band debuted there. atdb/ mi yodea drummer ann still thinks that was our best
“: Its some undercover prostitution shit going on on Twitter !!!!!!!!”
will I see nibbles there!?!
are you going to davids tnite? (:
couldn't do it with two all stars either, so good call ace. Also, it's know not no.
Oh i see : ) Life treating you well? One of these days, let's meet up and get a beer!
because I totally don't.
"NEW YEARS JAM" ayo for more info please listen to mega 104.3 fm
No stat yet since collection isn't done, but I suspect female students across conditions did report more names. Also, thanks!
BUDGET WEEK: Amd #584 by Republican Rep. Lyons eliminates all funding for teen pregnancy prevention programs.
Very excited tor the afternoon sessions at #SESNY! Great conference so far!
Nice! I have midterms this week, so it's going to be a crazy one! Good luck with all of your homework!
Brady puppet...haha!!! Where's the Gisele puppet to defend her man? Or is Gisele working the Juggs machine with the Pats wr's?
Can't you SEE the rain Zooey? RT : I wonder if Siri is getting as tired of Zooey Deschanel as I am.
68 followers awesome
You're doing P90X?
I would rather have no RH on GH than to endure more scenes with
Don't try to manage and manipulate people
we don't have online reg at this point, but if you email someone will get back to you!!
bang up job on slashfilm, first time I've listened in months.thank you for bringing up all my problems with Comic-Con Episode 4.
like that my nigga
I re- watched 'The Wiz' about a year ago and was bored out of my mind. Hopefully you have better luck!
Haha okayy :D school's goin good! I'm so excited for Summer!! :) (if I don't tweet back its cuz I fell asleep) Lol
": #zinburger"you foul man. No invite when I been asking your ass to go. I know I know you just tryin to be you
Thanks for everyone who voted for us in EMC's Heritage Trust Contest. We won a grant of $5,000! High five!
#supportlocalmusic Live Victorian show starts at 9pm. Don't be late. Watch online
Today is the deadline for submissions for #NCA12. Please email convention AT natcom DOT org if you have any questions.
May 2nd is National Chocolate Mousse Day! Celebrate w/ a slice of White & Dark Chocolate Mousse Cake from m yes.
already a big fan - sent me to follow y'all! :D thanks for being there for long runs and races!!
Congrats!! #GoBrowns RT : Just signed the contract! Long time coming!
FOLLOWED YOU BRUH.. FOLLOW ME BACK ID LIKE TO BE IN YO CIRCLE -J NOTEZ
gotcha. I think we are going around 3
Its so nice outside. Hello spring
yessir...if I juice consistently for 30 days, it will bcome habit. Day 9...
Always happy to help. Had a great weekend planning my birthday and book launch party on 1-11-11, will you be in NY then?
LOL thank heavens for Marcell and his weird sense of humor
debating what useful thing i will do today, or will i just say im too hungover to function.
Glad to be following on 's recommendation - in Montana for the moment, but make my home in the badlands of Bahia
Spurs vs Clippers Game 1 at 8:30 at the AT&T Center.
This week been going by fast af. Goodmornin doee ;)
Working out :]
You country loving girls should all be following for
he got all 3 before he was ever arraigned on 1 of them. Still all misdemeanors, but he'll likely see jail time
That's what I hoped. Thanks!! Xx
Well, hello, fellow-peep-of- !
My nose hurts :c
Today we're talking flats! Tell us about your favorite: loafers, pointed flats, etc.
Party Rock Anthem has more US digital sales than Poker Face. I hate America.
Nice slapper from the top of the circle by Rissmiller. Stopped though. 47 secs left on the LEM PP
Yes! Just a big shake!
I just voted. Feel good about it personally. Not feeling so good about returns tomorrow night. Can't believe Russ might lose to this jerk.
have you tried folding it haha :') that's what they do from buisness :3
I'm tired of picking from your lame tweets. Instead I'm going to take this time to announce that I am a loser.
Chewing with you mouth open
just woke up. I cant with long ass nails on a blackberry
Finished a film tonight with Justin Chon, Twilight star
...queuing our divine destiny with sweet mornings dew. © dmp
haha nope. I'm just glad I'm not sitting behind mc lovin lol even though he's not being that annoying today
we LOVE hearing that! and you know it takes a lot for us to use caps...RT I meant you guys have the best hot chocolate in NYC!
wait your in Worthington right now ?
You know what that means? You need to get your sperantsa gear ASAP!!
RT : If you a UNO student do you know what a privateer is? #KNIGHTS- a pirate
Done with work for the day :) more WAORKING OUT NOW! ;)
Like the pictures and playlists I jut found on my iPod are pure tourtue <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094>
haha me and austin were making feel like "she was the only one in this world for us last night"
#Newt apologizes to #Paul: Isn't that just perfectly symbolic of what is happening to the #Republican party as a whole?
and unto dust shalt thou return.
From today's Gospel reading: Mark 11: 1-11 The entrance into Jerusalem, preparing us for the Lenten season ending with Palm Sunday!
I'm such a hard person to buy a gift for unless you know me to the bone.i prefer card with money my fam knows this now after years and years
I Don't want to forget how your voice sounds.
nothing too;) hey, where do u live?
Working in the sun is EXHAUSTING! Taking a little cat nap and then on to some editing:)
Can't wait to feel better : )))))
omg yes we should !!!! Or we should go 2 sandy lake or hurricane harbor !! And whose house would we have the party at??
headed to the gym then I am working all day long YAY... Happiness is working out working hard & sleeping well!!!
'If they cant see the G in me than them niggaz some lames to me".... #rest in piece justo!
you're my inspiration, I love you. <3
can I get a shoutout?
Hoodwink U - Walker budget fix grows debt ratio 2.28%, to almost 5% in 2012, 2014, it grows OVER 5%, even with generous 4% growth in revenue
hey jo, where you goin' w/that awesome indie-rock release in your hand?
I am a Guest Host on MNN's, "Sistah Talk!"
my man, that meal is worth getting up 20 minutes earlier.
i dont think so!!!!
12ish hour work day? Don't mind if I do.
Pls don't say woman. Next thing you'll be saying is that she actually bore children.
I've probably tried everything but that. Now I know that's ur secret cure all.
Connection from LinkedIn... Let's stay in touch!
That's part of it... but having watched it a few times now, they missed a lot of good looks early.
He's on Virgin America at 9:15am and arriving around noon.
Nichols: favorite offset protocol is urban forestry. still trying to get someone to use it.
Loving this weather!
#LessonWorkingHospitality Never deny gifts from guests #YouDeserveIt! but they say theyre going to Cracker Barrel, be specific
M [deciding to make publicly financed data available to the public?]
ok its all good... check out wmar channel 2 tv tonite at 1:35 on in 10 min
you're welcome for my help the other day
I hope the Veterans and Military Affairs committee doesn't do what expects and votes for what's right.
RT : Watson: Acting in unity and with shared vision of med school will create $2B in economic activity to region.
Idk why people think that's an acceptable thing to do
nothing waiting for u to get here
: Thank you, my weekend was great. How was yours, great I hope. Hope you have a great week!
In ten years, MTV will release a new documentary show about Justin Bieber called, "I Used To Be Cute & Relevant."
So true. RT Non-profit orgs w/ low-overhead aren't necessarily the best orgs 2 give 2- it's impact that matters."
Ohio St let that get away weak ass
hey ESPN U, that was not Matt Walters first career goal. He scored on the EMO vs Hobart
it was not just hair pulling i seen punches also stop fronting plz.
RIP Junior Seau
Pshhh.. right. Haha, this morning, NO ONE would have taken an omelet from me.. it was bad.
I have heard of them. Good idea though :D
RT : Chronicle of Higher Education had the right to fire Naomi Schaefer Riley. What does it say about higher ed that it did?...
Happy birthday! :)
sending you Happy Birthday wishes!
I don't think she understands how bad I fucking feel :( I hate when I misread shit #realtalk it fucked up my whole day :/
I'm in! Thought I saw you already, but it was just some dude. Lol
Things that are awesome: #whenindc When the guy behind me in line at Ben's Chili Bowl asks what the President ordered
RT : If everyone was happy in their relationships there would be no country music
must be good massage!
Downloading embarrassing amounts of Hilary Duff songs.
The guy is here to fix cable box & even he has to wait on phone for a customer service rep.
the magic of +1. Did you guys get any spare SW pets? I only got one XBL card. =(
We are so excited to be listening to new content from again! The shows are great. Check them out!
is it new?
as long as I remember which of us has which sippy cup, it's all good.
Any artist can become viral at a moment's notice. for more.
I swear it's all over my face right now
get rich or die trying? He's a bad ass.
Which department of the Pentagon is investigating whether or not the Kardashian wedding was real?
omg Louis thank you so much for the follow back, made my day/night/week :-). already pre-ordered the album #Directioner <3
I had a horrible day no lie
#HeartOfThaCity gettin ready, we lining up shows, promotional events and it aint even an album!!
Anyone at your job ever say, sounds like someone's got a case of the mondays?
About to accept an invite from a friend to do my first, gulp, freshman triathlon in late summer or early fall.
y u like tall boys wit big feet
Look at you and all your little followers....and you said you would never get on twitter ;)
Siri, the next time I want to go "explore" please remind me to just watch the discovery channel.
First full day apart from babe: not yet back to work, just in for a workshop. Test run! Thx to kind babysittin' friends.
Surround yourself with diverse people with diverse ideas; otherwise you will suffer from GroupThink Syndrome.
200 days away! how is time going so fast?! Priscilla of Boston called-- my dress swatch has arrived! yay!!
Spain's demolition men on verge of Davis Cup semis Spain s Nicolas Almagro and David Ferrer demolished Austria on the opening day of thei
Our bodies are apt to be our autobiographies. Frank Gillette Burgess
Pay attention to your "EDGRANK" on Facebook to increase your fan page engagement.
check out #dccan about today's hearing on broadband in dc & open wireless mesh networks
Thanks! It was a (n embarrassing) typo we commonly make. We've corrected the tweet and deleted the offending one!
LMAO!!! RT : Dear work on my desk, you are unattractive, there for I cannot do you
def shaved. Hair kinda ruins the taste and the yummy wetness. A'lil tickle strip is ok. No big fuckin forest though!
Vita was at Ohio Brew Week sampling our Budweiser Barbecue Sauces and had a great time! We'll post pictures from the event soon!
...Seriously, What is in Des Moines? Most people apologize when they here I am goin there.
I know.
Lol that's me :)
Late thanks! TGIF
Far too emotional. No one show me puppies, dogs that need adopting, anything about dogs loving you forever... Just don't talk to me.
Cee Lo is about the only dude that can wear ruffles and look cool doing it ! Lol! Great photo!
happened to me once about 5 yrs ago... that was the last time I got one of those!
Storms will meet you in Chicago be safe
Zachary Quinto & Jessica Lange Back for ‘American Horror Story’ Season 2 via
king had absolute power. Results in checksand balances
If nothing lasts for ever, will you be my nothing?
Anyone know what time the #KentuckyDerby starts next Saturday? Thinking of having a party.
Even when Kendrick Perkins smiles he looks pissed off
Happy New Year to you as well my friend!!
If Haloti keeps playing like he did last night he'll be DPOY for sure. Offensive woes be damned, glad to go into bye 3-1.
according to aka it's June 19-20. I am seriously considering it. #140Cuse was awesome. #140NYC mecca
how loved are you!
how does it go? i'm thinking of some lyrics right now :-)
omg me i love you so much:)
You go Jan Parr!
I MISS U SO MUCH ITS CRAZY!!!! we need to for sure hang out!! i love you<3
I'm finishing my filing as we tweet
90% of consumers trust what their peer said and <15% trust what brands says
just by saying that u made me Hyped #gonnaBelieve. much. Xoxo
Dang , I never tweet anymore ..
Our cd drops in 18 days!! RT if you're excited!!
I love dupstep, but I can never love it as much as I love you. (: lol
Somewhere along the line here, my Twitter account became a snarky retail employee blog. I'm having too much fun with this new premise.
#snow eff that, spring break is less then 2 weeks
Need a new testing buddy. Anyone interested? (:
RT : Congratulations to all the USF Graduates out there today!
perfect east side hideaway
I make much use of the Hide feature!
When people mistakenly say 'VoldeRmort' do they still die?
Hmu means hold my unicorn! Ex: Hey! Can u Hmu, I dropped my taco!
everyone knows to shut that shit down!
I went through a few. I won't be setting up till 2 because I have class from 11-1:45 and that's what is stressing my out!
Barton springs nursery
#secretgeekconfessions I'm still running Windows Vista on my personal laptop *hangs head in embarrassment*
Nerves and flesh
This year I am writing a New Years Resolution and printing it out to have it on hand. I have a lot to be thankful for and things to ch ...
isn't working, anyone having the same issue!!!
welcome to West Ham. Play with passion and dedication and you'll become a cult hero. You'll love playing for the fans here.
calm down chili bowl
Yoo you ready for that #Mercy Video?!!!?? Swerve!
im so happy that Kepone decided to reform & let a new generation experience their Heavy sounds.
Bach Mass in B Minor, less than two weeks until the EPIC performances!
RT Fickell will coach team, through possible bowl game. He will remain on Meyer's staff.
Have a great weekend.
Final performance Peter Pan. Another sellout. Congrats
Wishing was here for the panel on collaborative scholarship
that's sick lol if you have no one to go with next year I'll go with you haha
I converted my cousin today. So much truth to this statement. #stud RT : Joey Votto is extremely attractive.
ill have both your babys and Olives babys ill have triplets!
": officially registered for my first half marathon April 29, now i train hard!" Great job! Best of luck!!!
Late but made it, donating blood at the Encinitas Library!
RT : Free pastry at Starbucks w/ drink purchase Tue 7/21 5am to 1030am or until pastries run out. Print coupon online.
McCoy, Foster, Rice all > Forte Don't #PayForte Continue offering fair value, don't over pay
Ooh, brilliant station! Now I can look forward to my drive home from work
Excited & anxious for what sure is to be a stressful yet very fun weekend!
Bike ride was great! Gotta go to bed soon
well i messed up tonight and done somthing bad that made my bf not love me and i beged him and sed i was srry now he loves me again <3333333
LOLZ...U Kirstie!! I want to join Organic Liaison and be ur biggest loser poster GAL!! How can I? Great look on Regis & Kelly!
California has been at the bottom of the states in Medicaid payment rates. They recently passed another 10 percent cut in those rates.
Super Bowl = super nap and no line at the laundromat.
Interesting news
It's my birthday! I'm excited, even though I don't look like it.
#NationalBestFriendDay & #twitterless Chase Miller, Olivia Perry, Dale Huebner, Adam Powell :)
Way stoked about the #gearsofwar3 beta.
Did anyone else get a HUGE jolt of excitement seeing #Iglesias tear around the base paths for that winning run last night. What a thrill.
Pain is temporary, pride is forever :)
Ethical question: in the early morning fog, I accidentally used my wife's toothbrush. Do I tell her? She's already off to work.
jestes the best!! :P ta sesja anji i sandry, po prostu amazing!! cant wait to see u again!!
Well school in the a.m. so I'm off to bed lol g'night Twitter
thank you! haha
Thank you to Lori Fisher for booking her wedding with us today.We look forward to doing your wedding in August.
I'm watching the game in new York from MLB.tv, how can I avoid the delay dang it!!? Uscg semper P
Finally made it to #musiclib2012. Long trip but great to be here.
You are still sexy.
WIN! Keynote on iPad finally has hyperlink support!
Follow us tonight as we debut our patio parties - it's going to be an awesome summer, #Memphis! Can't wait to see you there!
nice. Those are the best ones. When there's a story and a positive experience to go with it.
Thanks, Jeff! Enjoy your weekend.
Love, this is fantastic. Consider making it downloadable? I need to leave my computer at some point today.
“: She usually wants my steak lol” I bet she has to fight u for that!?
farb nivi: customer development validates your intuition when it agrees with you and your wisdom when it doesn't.
Love you ...Brothers 'till the end baby. Going straight to the top!
Bad Thing About Dance Recitals = Taking 20 Minutes To Get The Makeup Off... #NotAGirlyGirl #GetThisGUNKOffMyFace :(
In meeting . Be home at a reasonable time
Helping a client with their Haiti Relief drive. Anyone in N. Meckleburg County contact me if interested in assisting.
#IfICantHaveYou then i'll just be getting rid of that thought of me actually having you.
ie "Debbie Downers" > Guest: "I think that movie was filmed in Venice.." > Mom:"I heard Venice is one the most polluted cities in the world"
The mind is the door through which I enter the world of positive change.
What kind of cat is Purrfect??? I want one!
we only do group breaks as well. Have u emailed blowout or da card world?
yes, there are great events on our calendar to help add yoga to your training program even if you aren't running the C!
haha! Yes. Told me to start back every day but just a little. Still icing and lots of ibuprofen.
"Fuck" is my favorite word. It shows disrespect and wanting to have sexual intercourse at the same time.
my first sad tears at work: Maurice Sendak.
Oh, & HANDSOME as well <3
Heading down coast to Santa Monica then Venice to hydrate beach goers! See you there!
no matter what happens this year, the brewers have already won.
Not much preparation doesn't sound like lol.
I'm at Baltimore County School HQ, where the school board is about to approve 30-year-old Dallas Dance as the new superintendent
NETFLIX and other options soon Mitch RT : read the book, wasn't aware of movie. On ?
UgH, gOtta heaDaChe! NeeD a cOroNa!
taking it one step at a time....it's all wrong when you skip steps!
um, you deserve every abdominal cut you have. All unwanted at 4am is pancakes and Bacon. Maybe I should change that. Lol
Sorry that's all we took tonight! Our photographer didn't show :O and thanks and :D
how r u celebrating the new year?
Hey Doris.. let's cross refer.. I offer 30% referral fees!
A yellow CAMARO with black stripes. like bumblebee from #transformers <3
I dont need anybody to tell me who and not to follow. I am my own person so i make those decisions for me, myself, and i.
No Sunday is complete without a viewing of "The Parent Trap"
Red Sox to make announcement of major signing... a contract with O'Doul's.
Happy Hour < Free Happy Hour
They really hold you over to the next meal, too.
Sleeping Giant tonight!
New Name "SexEdDaily" and site SexEdDaily.com but same content as usual
“Drop the last year into the silent limbo of the past. Let it go, for it was imperfect, and thank God that it can go.” ~Brooks Atkinson
I love you all can someone give me a shootout
Leadership is knowing that no one ever does what you tell them to. They only do what they tell themselves to.
u gotta win even when u lose....
Somebody go fix airlines, and Netflix, and bring back Kozmo. Maybe prince was onto something with the 1999 shtick.
Ewww omg I was texting nd a fly landed under my tumb omg ew ew ew I have to clean my phone now omg
Always look forward to your well thought out comments on ESPN. Keep up the great work Stephen.
If I'm the Boston Rob of interns, does that mean I have to be an intern for two more seasons before I get the hang of it?
Thanks to our new followers , and We're excited to share news and fun stories with you in 2012!
that was thenightbefore, at Rosebud.
And Happy birthday to George Karl...
Playing Leadbetters' Fells Point tonight with Fred Tepper and the Billy Thomson Band. No cover!
wow...i felt like i was going to throw up five min before the shake
that would help w our road trip...
#breakfast #wrkoutflow #barbershop....I GRIND ...SUPERMAN...BARBER BY DAY...DJ BY NIGHT THIS IS TYSO!
Its amazing how sometimes you think your project not going anywhere but then get an email that changes everything. God is good!
Delighted to see that you highlighted my Frans de Waal interview. Thanks!
lol you told me to though
Hey Stephen....haven't said hi in a while. Best wishes to you....Go Dodgers.
Thank you much for the RT ! I am now
I'm happy for you. It's such a rich neighborhood. I can't wait to hear more over the coming months.
Shoot me a note when you get a chance about what you are up to and how we can get the word out!
Watching prince perform purple rain at th forum in LA. Amazing doesnt do justice.
Me too! Next up... Grey's Anatomy ;) RT : A nice, relaxing night in, catching up on my DVR.
Too much of a good thing can be wonderful-mae west
Thank you for bringing readings of Thurber back.
RT - Sen. Sherrod Brown asked about the Cleveland Indians. He says "Don't you want to talk about matters of substanc...
I got to focus…
another great day in diego, would be great if thursday never came...
Good Morning early birds! Now that the snowpocalypse is over how do you plan to Win The Day?
Dear Past :Thank you for your lessons ..' Dear Future : I'm ready '.. Dear God : Thank you for another chance .
Fun. I think it's a group ninja plan. We're eating at Elysian on at 8:30 -- stop in if you're nearby!
R u stl there?
Looking back on my weekend in #NOLA and its obvious: bourbon street 3 - me 0.
Whatever happened to Cartel? They were such a great band
Thanks Juliet! <3
I'm on the pulling teeth diet. On my way to slimming down!
i feel like slaying some monkeys or something
Palin a possible prez candidate? disturbing concept - she's stupid AND she QUIT her job as governor. end of story, no quitters.
I approach everything humbly, but everything's money.
I miss you duder
Fuck this i should be in bed by now, why am i never tired
Nothing worthwhile comes easily. Work, continuous work and hard work, is the only way to accomplish results that last Hamilton Holt
Also, thanks for your positive tweet :] Merry Christmas to you :]
#MadisonCounty is under a severe thunderstorm warning until 5 p.m.
ok Time for me to watch #RareExports Bring on the Santa penis!!!
Golf is a rich man's game. Or the game of people who like to drink in the morning.
exciting, how will you be celebrating?
Great news! I was just about to ask you where the fundraising stood. See you next month in Anaheim!
No phone for a week. This is boutta be hard.
Most of my request are closed and it's weeks before (if at all) they are dealt with.
burned 371 calories doing 60 minutes of "Walking, 2.5 mph, leisurely pace"
I'm guest number six at In'n'Out... Thas right... The best number of all time
Think Like a Man was some bullshit just like I thought, it had funny partz though...but thatz about it. -_- glad someone else paid4me ha!
As thank their fans today I'd like say thanks again to the 298,096 that saw at The Q this yr (3rd in the AHL!)
Apparently the printer powers the Keystation. This is SUPER convenient!
Epictetus~ Man is troubled not by events but by the meaning he gives them.
yeahh, I have friends who keep trying to get me to be one, but i dunno! and YES! I was going to die of joy.
missed lunch again today. If I was anorexic, I'd be proud of myself.
Thx for the RT the mention and welcome new followers!
which I'm looking into. Can I email or call you with details on setting change? Email: 0845 1300 999, thanks!
Sweet! How much?
new favorite provenance statement includes: "A full explanation would only serve to confuse most researchers"
#AAM2011 Online fever session: Q&A How do u manage library research needs? Panel: students use textbooks, online resources, e-reserves, dbs
#Tcap dude in the red ecko is funny as hell
RT : Tomorrow is 's third application deadline! Let us know if you have any questions.
Tests, tests and more tests
where are you? We stopped in Alabama to eat.
I reset again - now deleting all the spam ...thank you !
POP-N-LOCK BEAT MIX going down live on w/ & at 6pm!!!
RT :Destination Imagination teams from all over BC inspire me with their energy, enthusiasm and innovative minds.
Thanks! It's been a pleasure studying under you!...and teaching me how to win lol.
I'm so excited!! #nowdarlin #yourecuter okay? (;
AndiamoSantaFe thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
love the Lord, that's my goal
thannxxx do u like the one on the beach with my back facing
Hiding in basement
I would say ferentz deserves his salary?? What do u think
We are in Illinois visiting family but I hope to get the froggy live stream.
Big day for team glma. First rally in columbus, and now onto Richmond. Best of luck to the amazing team!
Lmfao!!!!!!! The one that ends with 9677??
Donegal Fergus on taking over LCC baseball: “There were some persuasive people in the LCC family who wanted me to come back and take over.”
Yikes, man :( Hope it gets better before the day's out.
I love to sit there lookin pretty while my man works
what's your station # in NYC?
LOL...well I guess
Tour tomorrow of ! So excited! Probably going to get some to take home too!
BTW met yesterday.. TOTAL sweetheart!!
ignite: significance of peripheral participation "I can't dance, but I can look cute"
Sounds like I need to start randomly ringing doorbells!
oh that's what I've been doing lolz
Great to meet you this evening! Hope you enjoyed Southpark. Cheers.
right here
I'm so lucky to have Not many other people would bring me hot chocolate at 4:30 AM after working all night.
#wheniwasacrab Ellis tried to charge the marching style n the #marching101 went crazy. I was n shock(n freezing) the whole time
great show!!!
Have I already been back to work today for over 2 hours? What happened to my weekend?
I'm one of em. I mean, I'm a little younger than the league itself actually
- #Firefly is the best Whedon show theme song. "Take my love, take my land Take me where I cannot stand..."
hey Dante ! :D
Thanks to Phoenix Rising #Chicago! Who should our next dance group of the week be?
Do Yo Remember the first time we kisses?
Yeah I'm sure you really also enjoyed that conversation...super humanizing...
RT : Leaders of faith know that HE is their strong tower. Talk about 'advantage'. They can run to it and be safe (Prov 18:10)
Giving up my ticket to tonight's sold out show at Antone's! Who wants? $23 obo. GREAT band, but I saw them last night.
bring back National Editiomn$
Saw that on NOAA... What does it even mean?
glad I'm not the only adult that realizes that lol
*lose...silly freshman!
I was doing community service at the rec center!
"If you're running while your pregnant will the baby fall out?" Omg did my sister really just ask that?
#VegasRoast jimmy Greenup live from Miami getting us started!! Surprise, surprise fucks strippers!! Hahaha
#StaySrongRyanKennedy not really sure what this TT is but it seems important
Bored -> Goes to Kithchen -> Opens fridge -> Looks inside -> Leaves empty handed.
Thank you! It's next week. I just believe in planning in advance - with cupcakes, of course.
Survival week is rapidly approaching
Shopping today with my girls :)
I'm here to take the sky
It's morning! Well sort of, it's nearly 12pm and I just woke up. Hahah, have a great day guys(:
What's with those Notre Dame disco ball helmets?
awah I miss you too!
OMG that means it's the weekender already?!??!?!?!?!?! so early.
RT Honestly asking who these folks are and whether they're still floating theory. << Good Q. on May 1, for one.
Hi Tom!!! Hope you, Galia & the little ladies are great :)
I know you're trying to get under my skin. But that's a pretty low bar -- nobody cares what you think except me.
We may have a fix for that. ;)
Are there any stoles or cords available for TFA members graduating this semester? We would love to represent!
#Authentic as can be!!!..What about you!??!?
Telephone holding up pretty well to repeated smashing against cradle and wall.
i just like doing smoke tricks
all awkwardly or what? "..oh. Hai." <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
anytime is good for me
My children was scared but they trusted There is no way I would let them fall I tied what we had on together Kept lifting til I had them all
Celine Dion's Big Come Back to Vegas March 15th 2011 @ Caesar's but if you can't make that date she will be hear throughout the year
thanks to creative tech for their wonderful online classes.
bad uncle
It's not whether you get knocked down, it's whether you get up.Vince Lombardi
Glad things are looking up. Yesterday was one of the worst days in my life!!!
swear he think he grown
Goin' to BEA and the Latino Book Awards tonight!
Wow!!! That was a great performance on Glee and I don't even like that show!! That's crazy it was already taped..RIP Whitney!!
what's this Chicago news I hear?!?
I have a legitimate fear of people who drink coffee while on the treadmill.
Hahahahahha(; you wish!
Who missed me
Needless to say, my lunch break helped me power through the day. Thanks for stopping by #StateDept guys!
#InMiddleSchool i still rocked it at
The basic rule of free enterprise: You must give in order to get. -Scott Alexander
Time for me to sleep. I'm so drained..night night niggas
You are not in control of whats happens to you but you are completely in control of your attitude and your reactions to them.
child I will text it
you're sitting in front of me
yeah, sorry bout that. site has been up and down with all the new, heavy traffic.. it's good and bad..both at the same time.
hm, I don't think I could handle a nice Ms. Bobeah, it would def be weird.
Gonna take a break from the remix's and write some originals! -3E
hey it is what it is he ain't doing his part
Enrollment in courses is booming this Fall semester. What has been your favorite CCPE course?
o ok sumthing going stupid wit my phone I'll show u wen u get home kisses
can u come here?
Tonight represents our best chance for snow in the Cascades we've had in a while. Keep your fingers crossed!
i love fenway park tell that mlb network to reair that show
Thanks for the follow! Happy New Year!!
I'm dedicating my time to watching a whole bunch of snsd music videos
omg I get to go to the drive-in next week...jijfjfgsdjdfsfjks
Time to find out who's a real mahomie.
hope that link is good.
We can't DM you, but you can email us at
#BackInElementarySchool when I had to dance with Ian ackerman!(:
My Ambien just made its drunken appearance known, so I better get into bed before I end up passed out on the floor next to the bed.
I'm glad my blog followers enjoy <3 RT : thank you for all the joe brooks on my dash <3
"A wins a win the playoffs man." - Kevin Durant isn't worried about the aesthetics.
What are your plans for the weekend?
Wow! Great crowd here on the 1st day of presale for our Designer event!!!!
we're right down the street so be sure to stop by for some great food and drinks!
cool inside look.
Tax-free sales give unfair edge to online sellers - Minneapolis Star Tribune
Will be working with Orlando's own on a revamp of www.djchino.net. Stay tuned for more details
No, I need you, , and for that tutorial.
Not an Issue. Been along for a couple months now. TWolves 11-2 ATS as Conf dogs TY. I must ride along on this one as well.
Ugh! I wanna ask him out but I barley know him!!! Should I ask or wait?! Dx I'm shy tho bt I LIKE HIM!!!
First twitter post... I tried so hard to stay away from ever getting on here
You're not cool so can you stop trying? Please stop dancing.
"I'm scared I'll lose my fans when I get a girlfriend.." ~Justin Bieber. This quote is sad. But you know what's even sadder? It came true
I got my hurr cut!
For the record, I hate heals
It's useless to hold a person to anything he says while he's in love, drunk, or running for office
All across the country :) RT : We break the silo between universities :D
Really? Wow how?
Perhaps it is no accident that today's art is bleak and smeared with a lack of color.
so. much. sexual. tension.
Oregon Coast Summer Preview: June in Newport, Depoe Bay: (Newport, Oregon) – The beaches are warming up – and so are the tourism hots...
This year at school if I ever find a paper on the ground I'm keeping it & by the end of the year im gonna try to get at least 1 paper from-
Maybe you should tell people follow me :p lol how are ya Niall?
Ask me if am assed? Coz am not
King Khan show was going OFF last night! crowd surfing is back what what!?
And what are you going to tell yourself you are LIVING FOR?
I found out that I can become an Italian citizen even though I've been living abroad. I wonder if I'll have to take a test like they do here
They can rename that Bamboo hole Vietnam
Did you (or anyone you know) have your taxes prepared for free last year by UW or CKEEP? If so, let us know what you thought.
Eventually the coin's got to come up heads... right?
But now the fitness challenge starts to drop 25 lbs by my bday.
I should know by Wednesday!
Relax with a pot of Golden Assam with a Portabella Mushroom, Red Onion & Fontina Cheese pizza and a double chocolate biscotti
Submit links to american made products to and I'll put them on the site..
Let's make it easier for startups to raise capital, create jobs & succeed by passing ALL pieces of
Seriously can't take the stupid any more.... cc
I Love You Justin Please Follow Me <3
RT : talking about the importance of downtown development at Mpls Rotary
Totally RT I would like to have brunch with a yeti. I would ask him if he can ride a horse.
Our team is working hard to to get the music video posted at our earliest convenience. Thank you for your patience.
Birmingham, Alabama tonight. Traveling to Oklahoma for our show with Greyson Chance.
WILL YOU PLEASE FOLLOW ME IT WOULD MEAN THE WORLD TO ME [: I LOVE YOU SO MUCH!! & MY FRIEND :] THANKS AUSTIN!
T1 That said, I think it's important to acknowledge the lack of respect nurses typically get the other 51 weeks...
RT : Register by 3pm to make sure you get a t-shirt for this weekend's epic stache bash Guzzle n' Gobble!...
Looking for rockin' stylist for photo shoot in #SanDiego on Monday. Ideas, anyone? thanks!
Hey forgot you're in the same general area. Enjoy your "flight", but be careful cause we'll be wanting much more of your music!
If you missed the segment on KUSI, I'm sure you are dying to know what is serving at Island Divine. Seared Ahi Wontons...
no problem bro! :)
we don't won't Babeau either...
is so sexy holy crap! So jealous that met him! xD
Acceptance of differences is # love. If only we could see life the way a 4 year old can. Imagine what this world would be like?
^ Caps tweets
Any recommendations for a good iPhone twitter app? keeps freezing on me and hate all the ads on
Thanks for the feedback! You're not the only one to ask for this, and we're listening! Look out for an update coming soon
Looking forward to Friday!!!
Anyone else wake up to gunshots in Hampden last night? Any idea what the deal was?
Cheers to you! Dying to know about your first karaoke adventure.
All this whining is about to drive me crazy
yep :p
Of course man! no prob. and thanks about the designs!
Every year, 100 million sharks are killed by people
and just like that, a good friend is going to be our wedding photographer! so happy!!
#lvima Book yoga, karate and pole dancing classes @ www.campopoly.com
: Wait, I left for half hour to pick up kid -- how did I miss the whole district election thing? No see on Twitter
The couch is my best friend. Oh how I've missed my best friend.
you's a fool, my dude. Lol
I love ruffles with french onion dip way too much.
man just working... Glad to hear your in good spirits... Looking forward to seeing you back on ur feet. Praying for u bro
In SF. Any chance you guys are around thurs night?
those first two games were pretty random.
haha just being an add :)
Hey Congrats on adding Kevin ... He is really a great guy ...
Don't hate me for this...
ahaha I spy the autographs :D
I'm not saying we do, but why kill your cap and overpay for guys like Garcon and Meachem? Still talent out there.
Make sure to pre order my new upcoming album "Robbie Macioce: The Covers" that will be released on May 25th, 2012. You can pre order for $10
- iHate When Nigguhs Show Out Wen They Get round They Friends!
Tomorrow with Greg Kihn - Cherie Currie from The Runaways!
Em was nasty in that too": Renegade by Jay Z is too real."
Gym time!
i love him<3
About 2 win $300 thx 2 fantasy ftball. a new pair of shoes maybe?RT: why not fantasy models where we predict who walks runways?
I dunno. Love night tennis (good idea, Myles), but I have some nightswimming memories that I treasure. Like the song, too.
I hope the president will answer alot of questions on the economy.
Trying Research hibernation in the next 24 hours. mocha & sleep, perfect combination <U+5B8C><U+7F8E><U+7ED3><U+5408>
poor, poor, poor guy!!
Enjoying Blanc De Noirs before dinner
Just one of those days my arm is killing me
just finished my pretzels :( and 2lazy to get up 2 get more LOL!!!
I am super excited to watch Tron Legacy on iTunes tonight for the first time. Couldn't see it in the theatre...Sigma out
when y'all tryin to get this thing up and runnin? im tryin to put this #Work in like #NOW!!
clearly someone's press.... Lol
Pleasure to finally put a name & face to decades of great artwork. Been a fan since 's 1st album art!
Seeing lots of Youtube people so far! Did you see the sexy sax man?
Thanks to all who made this conference happen! Great content, connections (and hooch)
Tumblr is ruining my life.
I feel like everytime I try to give someone advice and they don't take it, they end up regretting it.
A newborn’s first cries serve a very important purpose. By helping fill lungs with air, crying helps newborns start to breathe on their own.
So gents, I greeted the #10 pick with a big fat "meh" last night. What say you?
You will be on our list, free before 1am
already ate, in the locker room #andiPOOPEDinmypants! Lol
I love making eye contact with a beautiful woman, looking back and see her looking back.
“: No-one can make you feel inferior without your consent. -Eleanor Roosevelt #quote” thank u~I needed this tonight ;)
wants to dance, love and dance ... again:-)
What's up bro? How u been? Got your beer back in. In case any of your buddy's need some.
thank you for coming!
guess who liked the show?
depends on the day I wear em all I love jocks an boxerbriefs the most. Boxers on the weekend
LOL! But the Movie Tavern does it.....
It's a well-known fact that traditional unemployment figures exclude chronically underemployed penguins.
no, but we will have some video content available post-conference.
was able to find the sponge bob fabric.. still not caught up yet.. almost lol.
You're a waambulance!
#thedrive LMAO tell that dumb caller there is no plan B!!!!
Birds can do it, we can do it. Let's stop talkin', let's get to it. LETS FALL IN LOVE. :)
I don't care, I love all of them (:
Happy Thanksgiving my little turkeys! Gobble on now.....
Super fun day at work..
very true, tho, increasingly, twitter users are *becoming* the ones we need as they start making hiring/tenure decisions
#FF Stay in touch with some good ones!
RT if you wouldn't mind seeing someone you work with get punched in the face!
Any moment I step off a plane to see a place for the first time.
men should always carry their own condoms... women still poke holes in those
any good albums i should be listening to for #musicmonday?
RT You may never know what results come of your actions, but if you do nothing, there will be no results. - Gandhi
Sometimes the worst in life happens to the best of people..
ME too! Love it!
Well I been smoking since 6/?/2007
actually I was surprisingly serene about last night's events. Shot off a couple of pissy texts, shook my head then slept.
I nominate for a Shorty Award in #activism because they help bring change.
forever alone.....
Thank you for doing your recombobulating at MKE! Happy travels.
I won't be, but our team will, incl.
RT Up and at it. Do not slack on your health, fitness, and money making just because it's the holiday season
Imma go to sleep tonight dreaming of Lincecum throwing angry birds at the Bushies ;p GO #SFGiants !!!
we r on break thru nxt week (we get 2 weeks)- but I can get teachers to do virtual sessions/skype calls with yr kids if u want me2
Hahahahaha I was happy someone else was experiencing what I was
RT “The Pledge of Allegiance says 'liberty and justice for all'. Which part of 'all' don't you understand?” ~Pat Schroeder
what, is it really??? It's not showing sideways on my computer. That's weird. Ok, I will fix it. Don't love the picture anyway.
But if you look on my personal tweets I just made a background.. The twitpic.
I need it!
Health Plex soon?
A Friend Is Not About The Peopl Who Act True To Your Face There About The Friends Who Remain True Behind Your Back
Nice 5 1/2 hour shift to end the day <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
your missing out. One day like 2 weeks from now. Your going to be like dang...I wish I had gone with Natalie
Lmaooo , they be making you jealous with their little old people flip phones !
No prob :D
I'm having a moment that is equal parts lame and hilarious. Oh, Hans.
Excellent! I'll let you know when I get there!
i love it when people think my shit is about them, when it isn't. #ifitwasiwouldhavetaggedyou and you're still stupid.
iThink Yall Should Know Your " Fans " Are Immature Well Some Of Them Posting Negative comments on a video of ashley&prince.
Too true! RT : I think seeing what people pin from my sites it's more useful than analytics!
why dont ppl just listen......
please please follow me mikey it would mean alot to me (:
RT : RT Just killed the bacon bowl at Milkboy. My new favorite dish. What?!?
so much anger for Java data structures now. wrote out something in Python syntax just to clear my thinking
The rumors of Dirk's demise were greatly exaggerated.
thanks again!!
I totally agree, Hirsch is bad news and that Barnes guy, worse news. RT : Barnes and Hirsch have killed SPN Forums
love it! Hope vacation is delicious - looks great from here :)
The idea of the #Footloose reboot makes me want to outlaw dancing in a small fictitious midwestern town.
I don't think y'all will realize how good the concert was!!!
Most people use their phones now days, but wrist watches are still a great way to pretend you're wealthy.
The first Mass Effect and Dead Space are going for €3/£3/$3 each, while the sequels are 12
#SupportCLEbusiness - It's got a nice ring to it, eh?
Told ya. Brauny just has the herps. Happens to all the male whores...
already in the air
I just want to wear 5 panels with you and pit.
I'm trying to keep my WW points low today so I can have cookies tonight.
hahaha he better
- in the batch file just put: Powershell scriptTitle.ps1 And save as .bat
ha! Thanks!
Tweetville not letting me post images....
Can't figure out why I get a javascript;; error when I try to insert links into blog, very frustrated, any suggestions?
your welcome:)
Sorry girls if u haven't been by my side for the past 10yrs through the laughter and tears the way has then it ain't happening!
When will i stop missing you damnit. I just need to b patient and never again settle for less than I deserve!
Agreed. Fireworks seem to sell though good or bad
Unsolicited advice: You should avoid any man who uses the word “preggers.”
Every pacer game I've gone to.. they have won.. its a must for me to go now lol
no not yet..but soon tho!
Tonight's Special: Sirloin Burger w/ Carmalized Onions and Apple Brie, Lettuce, and Garlic Aioli and Choice of Side!
And vicar is out.No recording tonight.
nigga i aint ur personal informer jk..but toothman told us on thursday we got practice on saturday..so i thought ualready knew
Thanks for RT!
RT my first music purchase ever was Beastie Boys "Licensed to Ill" cassette...
Then too he dont deserve it either.
Dominic is driving me crazy, HE's so hot and so Straight. WHY Dominic why do you have to B hot and straight,
Great article!
it's not looking as bad as I had initially thought, but I still owe quite a bit. I hate taxes...
Now I know what balls smell like! GROSS!!
Pray tell where has Mitt Romeny been recently? Hiding the slings & arrows of Cain's sexual escapades hoping 2 collect voters peeling away.
I&#39;ll call u when I get home. Going out after I get off in 10 minutes
Getting my hair done by the diva!!! Pics soon to come.
If a relationship, or a person does not bring you peace...thats all you need to get out.
:( what happened
#Random Too Short is a bad nickname for a grown ass man How can you feel good about yourself when during sex a girl says "oh too short"
Go Ducks!
cause & effect, risk & reward. That's y it's important to get to know someone before u stick your junk in them.
oh but i lovee you so much as im listenint go our song forever and always
Thank You do much! You are Awesome!! is a Lucky Duck!!
Need to take risk in order to grow. Beth Comstock. %
M we love the song The Truth by Handsome Boy Modeling School with the amazing Roisin Murphy. She does it for us!
Some people have a cup of coffee in the morning. I do #shivanata!
I don't know about Micaela, but I'm packing for a cruise!
Every story has an end , but in life every end is a new beginning.
BUZZ, Indigo Tree Publishing's hot novel set in Texas, is now available in Chinese on e-book formats. Read the five-star review from Asia.
As my first tweet to you as a follower-Let me thank you but also caution you on any other recos from
Thursdays are my (obnoxiously) long days.
would like to visit Harvard one day and see all the cars parked there.
That sucks because we were supposed to be friends forever. :( oh well.
Ouch. That got him in the jimmies
The cool thing is you know there are people out there who were at every damn City game in the second and third division, now they get today.
absolutely. See it
No one ever got rich and said "i did it by working 40 hours and sleeping 8 hours a night with naps".
set my alarm to wake up early and perform surgery on my car. all better, but it's the third thing in the last few weeks! :s
": I hate when people try to act like they can't make a double chin.....like SHUT UP YES YOU CAN." DOUBLE CHINS HAHAHAHAHAHA
Cats fed, coffee in hand.
Sashay practicing to be,a rapper n shit lol
Piers big fan of your show, could you do an interview on this Andrea Rossi guy?
Can't wait to try out my new Kindle Fire! #happygraduation #thanksmom&dad
I love pancakes and eggs for breakfeast
#Feedback is critical to effective communication between parties
#Spurs clipping! 1/24 game v. Utah. We're so behind Deron Williams is still on the team.
If u're not following , u're not cool ;)
Looking forward to getting a lot of sewing done this weekend :)
Damn shit wild
this is signing off for :)
word Alexis? We unfollow people now. Okayy.
Oh and I just got pulled over. Maybe I should make a list: Thanksgiving 2011 misfortunes.
Bout to go meet new friend in few
The domination continues...GO CATS!
ughh today is just not my day
yes Chicago! not permanently, but I'm working for the Chicago Fire EVPs at NBC and need to go on location through production
I think #Boston Cheap Guy said it best about #SouthieParade day. via aka #PBR :)
Just got off the phone with Mark Barreres from www.VABusinessNetworking.com he is a Smart Guy give him a call.
YOUR CRAZY..
True To Your Heart - 98 Degrees and Stevie Wonder
Sorry to hear that, I hope things are going well for you.
Manzanita Sol is the best soda in the game.. and for 88 cents u know I had to get 4 2 liters.. :)
Ice-cream was good :)
There is just so much to be said, so much is running through my head.
RT : #ff a trio rocking the music world <<< you rock homie! TY!
“: Loving this episode of Downton Abbey with pointy ball and men in uniforms running on field.” - nicely done, sir!!
Everyday www.hrjobboard.com have new resumes and jobs posted. Visit us daily until you get what you need in your career!
awe thanks!! I can't wait til we come to Japan
Cactus League opener at Phoenix Muni. Manny hitting cleanup for #A's.
Psalm 33:6 By the word of the Lord the heavens were made,and by the breath of his mouth all their host.
is it a girl or guy?
hey--great to see you and hope things are good.
yes he is a huge pervert he rivals Master Roshi in his pervertedness
"Live by the sun, Love by the moon."
i knew it ! <33
Yay! RT : Hoping pops get out today...hopefully for good this time.
lPlease follow me Lux (: I would be so happy if you did <U+2665>
Does anyone else realize how crucial Sia murdered Flo Rida on " Wild One" her voice steals the show.
I'm having the day after the holiday blues! I don't want to go back to work this morning :(
Over here writing new songs to take to hourglass studios in the next couple months
But why did it have to be a "big duh"? Lmao.
haha I'll have to work on that...well I'm supposed to hear back on Monday so I dk
No relationship is ever a waste of time. If it didn't bring you what want, it taught you what you DON'T want.
Game 7 will be epic...I hope
That's a Damn good reason my friend!
I know excited summer here we come <3
u making this available for streaming?
My #FridayReads: Memory of AllThat :George Gershwin, Kay Swift, and My Family's Legacy of Infidelities by Katharine Weber. Sad & riveting.
Did you ever get your smoothie glass back?
US Department of ED partnering with #EDUCAUSE and #HEISC on information security and #InCommon on federated identity management
The loudest nigga in the room is usually the broke one
omfg. If I meet you I'll cry. My friend's sister wants to take me and her to that date!
Just got a tan in a bed that vibrated .. #anewlevel of tan.
in summer, a bacon caramel, this time a salted caramel chocolate pretzel bark. Undercooked caramel, both times. Bummer.
5 hours later, they just gave my sister the anesthesia.
I like it!
can I apply that to the Prism journey? Qu'est-ce que c'était beau!
It's Friday, I got paid, today is a good day.
Tomorrow is my 26th birthday and I have no plans. Ideas?
So funny story, I'm not packed...
it's just another manic Monday
Ohh Sweet Baby Jesus, I start dade tomorrow.....
We've had beautiful weddings here If you're attending on Jan. 29, stop by & check us out!
nope against the rules....
RT : This is a really good everyday kind of red though I still like those big Cab too! #ccrest Do they reuse the barrels?
Glad you got it worked out Scott.
Monday morning: homework group session ;)
you will RT this i belive it :-)
So it begins. cc
i need your number! & i know, we need to hang out sometime. I just realized your picture has me in it!
Ling - burbot: an interesting fish by any other name - Bismarck Tribune
“: The one that got away.” a dead man. Tonight ;)
great, excited to work w/ u
A computer once beat me at chess, but it was no match for me at kick boxing.
I am really jealous of all the folks who got to watch 's #4c12 live coding/app building performance.
get published in ZOOMER & AgeVenture magazines. Reach 81 million boomers in North America. Send your news or story idea to:
MCA's hall of fame letter "I'd like to dedicate this to my brothers Adam and Mike....also for anyone who has ever been touched by our band."
Forgot to cancel a trial membership with MustHaveMenus.com. So, if anyone needs some on-the-fly menu design, you just let me know.
Ball State needs a shuttle tracker app. Everyone would buy it.
If you think a rabbit laying eggs has anything to do with Jesus I got a bridge in BK to sell you. It's a pagan tradition.
Discussing the ups and downs of Jose Valverde right now. Leyland says fans got "spoiled" last year. 248-848-1130.
Your WORDS are POWERFUL...use them wisely ~ 1 Peter 1:15-16
All of my grading is done. Let the weekend begin! O(<U+2267><U+2207><U+2266>)O
Before you gays get too excited about what Obama said; talk to the troops in Iraq first.
She's scrumptious!
what's the matterr?
This #cmtraining feels the most relevant to the type community management I do at Wikia - looking forward to it.
have you LIKED us on Facebook yet??? Momentum Marketing and Event Planning
I just remember having a lot of fun during that trip.
actually he said apathy is at an all-time low.
Anything for the greatest guy alive. <3
don't you think I know exactly where I stand
#DearGeorgia- I am so genuinely ashamed to call you my home state right now. So much for faith in the Criminal Justice System.
"There are lot of pretenders, some contenders, but not very many closers, pressure reveals what you are." wisdom of Johnny Miller
Between 3 episodes of Doctor Who and the new Narnia movie, my day has just been chock full of British accents
Put yourself in the shoes of the people you have to cover.
Just put a new recipe on tap at A Dunkelweizen that is out of this world! Has a slight smell of fresh baked banana bread!
Good news for immigration work! Cecilia Munoz is now WH Domestic Policy Council Director
thanks for the love!! Xo
Happy birthday coach sean payton
I've already seen it on my timeline !!! Better luck next year
I FREAKING LOVE U!
In addition to all of this, these reforms will not affect call boxes. We are not compromising one public safety issue for another
Wow wow wow. My sister's fiancee decided to go out and get MY dream truck for MY sister. Shit sucks.
Who's at happy hour right now?
lol back in NY
*Inhales* then *exhales* Hello World! Good morning! Grateful for another day, a new day indeed! Everyday above ground is a good day! RT
With a handful of boys, #MittRomney forcibly assaulted a classmate with scissors. Why make such a man commander-in-chief?
@ whoever is saying #1Dfansleavetheboysalone, they LOVE it. :) Have you ever watched an interview?? <3
RT : There’s no pit so deep that He can’t reach in and lift you out.
At an art museum? Do you think that happens more frequently at art museums?
ahahah we're terrible
why would ever change his nickname? He has the SEXIEST nickname i've ever heard!
So psyched! RT : hey everyone..I'm performing in Unscripted NY ths May in midtown!!! Whoo-Hoo!!! Follow 4 info!!!
-some guys should be careful && think b4 yhu speak..
I'm so annoyed by this situation that it just makes me wanna die
asdfghjkl; next time I'm making sure you make an asshole out of yourself!
Tuesday Special. Pasta and garlic bread for $3.49 or Goodfella pasta/meatballs/pop for $7.49! Cadillac Square just east of Campus Martius.
My house is just a big load of drama
I'm jelly bro. I think that's what the kids say nowadays.
Late night HH starts now! $3 off food 'til 1am. This week only as thanks to readers for naming us best late night dining!
Going to see the Cranberries with my sisters <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
I'm so thankful for that twitter account. God is good <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F> lol
Baths cure all ills.
love the beat to that track. I bet It was hard not to murder.
You bet.
views are always great from the Top of the Mark! Thanks for asking! :-)
question from the audience about meeting the needs of students with print format disabilities.
Article tips: Grammar and spelling are important in the title and the article body.
Related: Fans not happy with Bears effort on season extension RT : Forte not happy with #Bears' effort on contract extension
Needs a haircut like there's no tomorrow.
looks to be as if the knicks are getting hot at the right time huh?
OFF TO SODA BAR IF YOU ACTUALLY FOLLOW ME (STALK) I WILL FILM YOUR ASS SO DON'T EVEN TRY
Morning, I wouldn't want to be short any Yen pairs 2 day.
Lakers seriously like now is it like
Vision without execution is a hallucination. ~Thomas Edison
I'm #agnostic #atheist & I don't focus on my differences with deists, universalists, agnostics, other atheists.
Awesome! Glad you liked it!
mi poor bebe never seen at night :/ he's the founder of #teamnosleep lol
Is that guy suggesting that non Irish nationals should use black lights. Pure racism.
Ah nigga sad
your very beautiful, care to chat sometime? =)
but just like iBookAuthor I'm sure that MSofts goal is to drive people to their products. Corp phil is usually driven by that
I'm listening to Van Jones and he's giving me hope.
Eat good stuff! Today, strawberries, bluberries& bananas in my yogurt.
Welcome to Smashville, Cameron! Congratulations Brooke & Codey! :)
The move by to leave Republican Party had big impact on poll numbers. 63% knew about it. 33% were more likely to vote for NF
#miz #umwhat RT : There's a shirtless old man playing hacky sac in the middle of speaker's circle
Ok thanks to I am now officially hooked on Downton Abbey.
Back to the grind!
When will MLB Extra Innings purchasers be able to watch the games on a mobile device. .i.e. IPad? We need an app for that now!
Amen! Hugs! RT : Long day; long week. Just keep on plugging away
On My Own :) Independent but still FRESH :) HATE on it BITCHS
ok thanks
Another successful event! Thanks for the shout out! RT : 3:30am and I'm driving bring a truck on the 10...
LOL he has problems hahahhahahahaha well I was joking around with him the other day. But I thought he knew I was joking
Reading the revisions to what will be ThoughtFly Press's first novel. All I can say is...it ain't no Twilight.
i'll stop -.- all you had to do was ask.
your drug of choice.
Clayton Holdings Launches New Website
You being gone<<<<<
Sadly people will now drop #TimTebow faster than dirty underwear. Guess that's professional sports.
its pretty legit !
Honored u are following! Looking forward to ur tweets on #marketing, #motivation, &
my art twitter! ellicepark_art :)
goodnight...BTW u hav really pretty eyes!!!
Fun Fact: If Manhattan had the same population density as Alaska, there would only be 15 people living there.
make two dreams come true but following me nd 20
Great songs!!!
I must be a fossil too, because I am slowly turning to stone. :)
I love you
Drew Beckmann picked up the win and Blake Dewsnap tripled as DeSales (16-17) defeated Iroquois 11-1 on baseball Senior Night on Monday.
Ha, is that Nathan's car?
if kentucky lose ima be laughen
I don't either... but this one was genuinely good. Pirate it and tell me what you think.
The last two nights, I dreamed in West Indian English.
hahaa i can so see him doing that!
#DanceMoms? Who knew?
Lol. Thank you and ditto!
Enjoying the tedious task of biding sales presentations...
I'm mostly moved in. Should have wifi working tonight, and then I can call it home.
?s about what's in ur hair products? Join in! RT : It's Twitter Party day! Join the fun tonight at 9pm EST/6pm PST
you an jouser forgot about me. /:
Thank you Nadia. You have been a big help : )
My mom get mad wen I say I keep a spare one! I tell her that' make it easy to forgive and forget the bull from the last one!
Why do some men insist on bathing in a bottle of cologne and then stting next to me on the bus? FYI, women don't like this!
""When people cut you down. Or talk behind your back. remember they took time out of their pathetic lives, To think about you.""
Fake ass...smdh I can tell when it doesn't come from the heart!
A thousand splendid suns is one of my favorites too!!!
98 PXY is everywhere! Text IPHONE or DROID to 69822 for the FREE #PXYAPP (standard txt/data rates may apply)
no one ever tells me goodnight.. thats all i want. #):
new #Radiohead out a day early. So far so good. Reminds me of Amnesiac
Adventure Time <3
hopefully we have some meatless pza ( is ordering, is vegetarian). I am SURE we have meatless beer!
Biz op in Amarillo! We are expanding our network of sponsors! Contact us!
why you leave :(
And....Rory joins
A world without Chocolate? I don't even want to go there!
I sent them
OMG awesome!!!! Which one is that again??
pretty good <3 haha! I'm too lazy to use twitter on the computer haha!
Katy Perry Hops On The Carly Rae Jepsen Train, Releases &#39;Call Me Maybe&#39; Lip Sync Video!
I swear-.-
I love my uncle, he emails me telling me all important stuff even if I dont care. It's so so helpful though!
Stay tuned for the big launch of CareerOyster - Wednesday April 14! Online video-based career coaching...
Big PV Fan! Hope you get to add dates back to the podcasts. How else will I know when there is a new podcast to download.
I would like to congratulate you on your admittance to the 1-score Club on an AP physics test. Very prestigious award.
>> Agreed. Always fun to see my fellow CUA Law alumni around town.
I hear you Councilman! I've faced a lot of this but being your authentic self will prove out in the long run.
hi Lucy! would you mind giving some advice for a band that is just starting out?
First up in OverDrive Theater (Booth 818): 5pm-Collection Highlights (hot new titles) and 6pm-WIN Catalog (Buy It Now, Test Drive)
Seattle AIDS Walk was a huge success! Thank for stopping by the AMLI tent!
Miss May I.c:
Can you contact with more information? Thank you!
Sorry for all the !!!... Might be contact high on crack.
maybe. RT: Is someone desperate for some Sunday story ideas??
We are finally taking our Bromance to the next level.
Cool. Thanks. We hope and think so. I think anywhere people like living can be a startup hub with some help
Hey, Sheryl. The west coast is just a place to call home. I'd like to take a trip by motor-home and refresh my mind. You?
I want nothing negative in my life. I'm finding my way to the lite, and my load is getting lighter.
I just love all the love my phone is getting....-_-
White can be fine, but I prefer Pinot Grigio, Rieslings or Gewurz over Chardonnay. Just not my preference. Overall, red, yes.
working on art for imprinted wine accessories.
Going to use Loreal Sublime Bronze this week for a tan to save money. Hope I don't go oompa loompa orange.
Fuck, I got what? A week? to get this Fantasy baseball shit together? It was easier last year when I was unemployed.
"Success is the best form of revenge." -Jay McGuiness.
Did you know Colima Linda Apartment homes are only 2.0 miles to Fashion Valley Mall :)
I wish I made you happy.
Had fun with the girls.
Harris: If a third party vendor has your data, and the govt wants it, they'll often turn it over. Strengthen contracts!
nothing much wbu?
u need 2 get into modeling the camera loves u
i offer my prayers to you your son and faimly, thanks
I love this weather right now. Time to go
when are you telling us about the LA concert (: <3
Ready for everything to be done and over with! School is driving me bananas!
Indiana is so gay compared to Florida
Snow flurries in Harbor East! And 68 on Thursday?
I always find looking up world records super depressing -- it undoes any delusions that I'm good at any game.
crap.. no outfit for the banquet tomorrow...
First Trivia Question just aired --> Who's got the answer?
do you live in Brooklyn??
Thank you bay I appreciate it
I'm working with someone at a banking center, but it looks grim. I don't understand how I can lose all the money in my account!
Chicago for now. Been bouncing around the last few years. Where in Cali? Heard its awesome out there.
I would love to support but the site is terrible and won't verify my identity because I can't answer ?'s 1/2
time is flying! I'm so proud of her!!
The Bedlam is a tasty brew. Chris is still not convinced on the need for unions in this day. Need to focus elsewhere; he can be got
First draft of Devil's Due is out for notes. Woot! Going to try to take a few days off now, but I rarely have success with that.
#WE ARE RIPCITY
It's Gibson martinis for us tonight. 1st round with Boston Bittahs, 2nd round with celery bitters. Yummy!!!
ahh i seriously can't wait for Lightning in a bottle
hey why u mad at me
aww you just made my night :) thankss
Curry be getting on my nerves !!! -.-
sweet nectar of the gods
Can't wait for my fwends to get here and the birthday festivities to begin!!
Bitch please, my phone battery last longer than your relationships.”
Lmao yeah that's a good idea haha
Back To School Special Call For More Info 305.866.1940 Thank you !
I'm messing with you..look at it this way....no matter who ya pick, you aint beating my Falcons, hahahaha
Seriously I can never win
Singing 11:11 on repeat in my head :) I'm crazzaay like that #fangirling <3
Outstanding show you had Money Mike had today.
I wish I had picked up an apple before coming here. I want a fruit to snack on. Maybe Dee-Dee will hook me up.
We put any expansion plans on the back burner for now.
My hats off to you Mr. Robinson.
Adam blamed eve for his sin in the garden, by this we already know God is prepared for you to make excuses...
For my kids the bio-moms abandonment allowed my kids to grow without further abuse and they no longer live in fear of her wrath.
whats the one rule you must follow?
It's easy to get feelings twisted.
I wonder if the way I say thank you while crossing the street is just a 'bronx or ny' thing. If I did that in ky will they think I'm waving?
#FF My #MLSDigital West Coast peeps.
Thunder. Lightening. Again!
zomg zomg zomg - PEOPLES: Major #ala12 announcement, so prepare your fine selves.
lol if he asks. If he doesn't I'll =( and move on.
EVERYTHING. >:l im mad at you
It's to co-o-o-o-ld outside, for angels to fly
Can't wait to get my hair done tomorrow it is a hot mess forreal
:) Awesome, yeah it was a tie for me between Carter and Tucker but I like that he can shorten it to Tuck :)
Ours were generally helpful. The trick is to communicate early and often.
FUTURE will be LIVE at #IBIZA nightclub FRIDAY April 20th. You dont wanna miss this one
next show: huge. show after that: huge. next one after that: huge. next after that: also huge. the one after: huge. lesson: all = huge
Cool I'm fixing to go to bed talk to you tomorrow. (:
#ILoveMyMother even though our arguments are fluent as the air we breathe.
Nice hit! Now go back to bed.
Nap time <U+263A>
That awkward moment when your gas light comes on and you are stuck in the middle of stopped traffic on the 405...
How's life in your part of the burbs?
I swear to god, the lady sitting next to me just hacked up a lung. No joke.
I think I will be. Lundqvist is a beast
JK... givin you a hard time that's a cool name. "Like, OMG, Devin, Haley & Jessica R so mad at u!"
#NowPlaying | in search of Sunrise 2005 | needed to keep me chill today.
Generation OS13: the new generation of resistance
Psycho T
Nice! We just finished epic rounds of Apples to Apples and Clue over here.
Welcome and thx new followers
Jazz Legend Sam Rivers, RIP
Hit up the #SocialGood folks They may be of assistance. :D
that last tweet was for you. I also implemented sky law
Wants a new UStar site. But until then check out this week's paper for New York tattoo legend, Andrea Elston right here in San Marcos.
It's silly and a shame, but I think that's what happens. A common line is Visual Studio developers are complacent.
i wish gthis hoe would talk shit to my face today is NOTTHE MUTHERFUCKING DAY!!
I know someone who put a penny on Nevelson once in a museum. Was still there week later.
#RHOA "to Africa...!" let's change it to "Real HW of North America" then.
Down 0-2 sucks, gotta take advantage of the next 2 at home.
no more 'what if's' for me.I can trust that I give every moment my all, and stop the endless circle of "where,when,what who could I be with"
Stupid early mornings. Stupid mondays. Stupid combination of both. I'm gonna be Garfield for the day...
“: booth t minus 20 minutes and counting! Get over here!!”Whoo! Team Smallville!
Portuguese and Spanish babe. :)
my message doesn't ring a ding ding ? Lol
is home safe & sound.
Seems wise to remember this election year derivation of term "politics:" poli: Latin, meaning many; tics: small, bloodsucking creatures.
2012 Tea Party Debate about to start we are here live Thomas Bruzzesi, 2012 Republican Presidential Candidate
We've got vegan BBQ seitan sandwich, a lamb burger with shallots, Valdeon queso de azul, shaved fennel and seckel pear slaw.
sour diesel
You got this! #goodluck !
All ohio red wins lbj 17s
yo i SWEAR , that nigguh was throwing like 85 ! :/
YOU LOOK SO MUCH CUTER<3 WITH YOUR BRACES OFF(: DOES IT HURT? and nice suit!! LOOKING VERY FANCY:D hey GOOD LOOKING<3
#Magor now coming to Philadelphia
Scenes from Rogers Park: "Yep, Obama's here" "How do you know?" "Because 4 giant military helicopters just flew over our house."
This weekend is Art in the Pearl and the sidewalk sale. If you're looking for something to do come on over to the Pearl and check it out!
Immersion Names Paul Norris as Chief Financial Officer
Join us for mat pilates class tomorrow morning at 6:45am. Cardio class tomorrow at 8am. New clients: 1 week free unlimited group classes.
Experiencing the 80/20 rule today in all its frustrating glory. Any advice for getting on the right side of that ratio?
Im tripping on words, you've got my head spinning.... i dont know where to go from here<3
So disappointed to see Tigers finish at Masters. NOT!!
Late dinner...
in concert singing a part of a year without rain in Spanish and that estubo beautiful song beautiful :)
thank you so much
Don't do too much, I just was really confused. The only english I have ignores the first sentence
you caring me lol chill Hijole “: it's nicki minaj mom. Chill! Listen to lyrics.”
Back in Nashvegas...home sweet home.
Happy Birthday daddy!!! Thanks for spoiling me :) <3
you are on a movie watching binge, yo!
Found out where it is playing...take a quick flight over and I'll buy you some popcorn. Don't act like it hasn't been done.
It's only going to get better!
Texas learned from Yates. No this woman needs to be put away for life, do we forget the family of victims in this case?
It would've been awesome if Jim Rash was wearing the Greendale Human Being mascot outfit.
Partyin me & Nicks Birthday Yeeaaahhh Buddy
spent the last couple of days falling asleep to 'atlas shrugged' . . . and it feels like the book would have me imagine it differently.
My oil painting accidentally fell on me the other day and, without thinking, the first thing I checked wasn't me but my painting.
i love u please notiice me #Drummer Boy#
Please cross your fingers for good wedding planning news later on today!
Damn I love weekends
didn't somebody say you sounded like a man on the phone not too long ago #Leo <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7>
Great day of shooting #EliteAthleteWorkouts with Watch for his episode this summer when he is sure to be making headlines.
My wish for you is that this life becomes all that you want it too.
And another family and another world has been created at "the next level". Thank you every one.
mine and Sophie's fault... :)
no school tomorrow, #hyfr (;
S/O to thanks for following
I'm going to poop on ur counters and we'll see what u do
Brunch! Do it! 2-4-1 Bloody Mary's. Don't forget to also come down to check out the Packer Game tonight at 7PM
thank you! Am confirmed for webinar! Can't wait for that and your fabulous book!
I want u to beat sum 4 me
My family is the best
eating it whole. But leaving enough to dunk
I'm so over u lol
was it a nice Xmas?
I'm happy 4 u boss let's be the beast of NFC East
My hotel supplied me with white ginger shampoo. Am I being profiled?
At Cantor Fitzgerald....
like always, bish.
Michael, thanks for the follow, look forward to being in contact! Best, Matthew
BETHANNNYY! how do I know if I am on the guest list for tomorrows event???
Thank you so much Justin!!! We love your Smoked Paprika Walnuts very much too!!!!! Love you blog!
With at capitol grill Boston
I BEG TO DIFFER RICE KRISPYS ARE LOL...
After a great finish that night for the #Thunder, it's time to watch a little
Understood. We're working with DirecTV and TV Guide listings to correct the error.
Will do! Thanks Nicole! :D
I wonder if I put a picture of my Ass as my profile pic I'll have thousands of followers without me actually following any of them ?
International show for the second time today
A day with and is what I need right now.
lol that used to be my truck
Lick! Lick! Lick! Up and down round and round, eating so good we ended up on the ground. Scream my name girl! Scream it loud
Watching Step Brothers
Dinner at the Laurel tonight I hear is working
ah, thank you ::blush::
Inside every girl, there's a boy.
that's why I'd take you on any athletic team of mine any day
me too!
Crazy morning trying to do a bunch of non-work related tasks - but this afternoon, I tell you, I will write. And it will be great.
Limit your daily caffeine. Caffeine is a diuretic & may cause dehydration, decreasing the positive effects of your daily water intake.
One who sits between two chairs may easily fall down
Another gripping episode #NextIronChef - can't get enough of this show!! You can cook for me any day Chuck!!
by all means. RT: DC Food Tweeps: What restos are making the best hot sauce inhouse?
#MVP just dribbles out entire shot clock start to finish and takes a terrible shot. Good for !
Nice picture! Hope you enjoyed it :)
BMW ad on the Yahoo home page is something I've never seen before. Rotating whole page (along with the car) 360 degrees is impressive code.
I wish Brandon and his friends would leave.
Does the scoreboard go up to this much at the khole center?
you should have seen the party last night. Halloween on 6th street was awesome.
nah it wasnt too bad. The annoying kids singing said bye to me..like they remembered me...ahahaha
In that dream I could hardly contain it, all my life I will wait to attain it
79% of employees who quit their jobs do so because of lack of appreciation.
Thanks for following! Wishing you the peace and harmony you create for others.
When I hear 's "Refill", I feel it! You can't deny it! Love that song!!!
Dude I'm absolutely obsessed with Kingdom Hearts. Probably because it's Final Fantasy & Disney mashed together in one game.
Lol up this early for track
will let you know if it's tasty. And I'd be honored to cook for you!! Just come to the UWS and say hi :)
that's a sick article. I want to try a scotch from each region!
hi digger
robots, wat about the flyin cars!
Definitely! What about Procter & Gamble (makers of Vicks VapoRub and NyQuil)? Any other products you always use when sick?
The singer Peter Cincotti sat down at the grand piano and turned the living room into a cabaret. He was joined by the actor Tony Danza.
I love brooklyn!!! Let me know before you come to town again. And get Jen up here!
Those are the tweets and re-tweets for Friday, May 11, 2012. Y'all have a great weekend and we'll tweet it all again Monday!
I cannot wait for all of the new music from and they are my idols! <3
Research at Columbia Univ. then browsing stores & eating joints on local side-streets.
going to dance. :).
Love that song!!
Congrats to my boy on finishing the Boston marathon
After we kissed, I could only think about your lips.
Happy Maundy Thursday!
Man I am super bored tonight...
what's the recipe for that butternut squash fennel soup. Sounds delicious!
I need money.
Welcome to UK. Give em hell.
Idk what it is now, but I would think more people use Macs. I love my Mac. U jave one?
He probably will not be using his foursquare account anymore.
New York baseball trip planned. Woo.
Praying for the little boy & puppy who were attacked last night - ppl should not own rottweilers, doberman's & pittbulls in NYC
Eating with ! :D
YAYYY, help me figure this out in kaps class :)
I'm to old for you I'm in high school
At 10am our Voter Registration project starts at the West Senior Wellness Center. We will be here from 10-Noon every Mon & Wed in Nov.
I don't follow many people from school...there is a reason for that.
Yes. RT Which is more shocking? Omer jumper or Omer 3-point play. Discuss.
#TeamFollowBack You got it...
Everything has beauty, but not everyone sees it. ~ Confucius
I've lived here thirteen years now, and the weather just keeps getting weirder.
haha haven't figured it out yet. But it was a major turn off!
glad you liked it. Perhaps not my usual. ;D Have a super weekend!
I could never use one of those automated tweet programs. I'm no robo-bot.
you can do it! i believe in you!
"Economic collapse threatens our nations future until the government passes a new bill dubbed...Mall Madness".
Haha thanks ^.^ You're awesome!
I wish I felt as much passion for something as my dogs feel towards the doorbell
" Thanks. Brunch was delicious." -EthicalPervert Give it up for Twitter!
Happy Mother's Day!
My mom just asked if I wanted to go to an Angels game right now. Ah I wanna go <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Needing new followers
Can't wait to see Adele perform
we got the email. we'll find out what is going on. expect a call from us
Nothing like getting some good news and sharing it with over 1,000 of your closest friends. I love Twitter. You guys rock!
Orange crush!!! Let's go!
Thanks so much! Glad you liked it :) Spent my non-twitter time writing this week - felt good.
Thank you :) how are you??
How can I work on a beautiful day like today knowing I'm going out for drinks right after?
. You really missed the mark on your "Ugly Door" winner. It was classic #MCM styling. I'll take the ugly door anyday
Feeling good...gonna take the rest of tonight and tomorrow easy... Can't wait for the ASL Show, nervous & excited! =) <3 #I'mJustLivinLife
Jane mentions #BuddyPress, and says that is working on working on getting it to work with regular WordPress. Cool!
You should try Nobu, I'm sure your smiles will get you a table no matter what.
Video game tester jobs are readily available!
"...it is not our fault that people are poor, but it is our responsibility to do something about it." Richard Stearns, Pres. World Vision
": you can't define me" his about "stone missile"?!?!?!
hahaha I will semi-miss my love-hate relationship with walkarounds.
I HATE MY PHONE!!! Ugh
Good advice from Michael Hawley: "You need to be more playfully engaged -- not only can you afford it, you cannot afford not to."
I'm sure it was worth it. you kick ass
I am tweeting only because Gmail is down. This tweet is like an emergency flare from a stranded lifeboat.
Lee: We also know what these communities needs. Let's use what we know.
Oh my god the father/daughter duo was the cutest thing ever! "What does vote mean?"
Sorry. Just responding and promoting. Don't mean to be a pest.
After France, Geneva, Lausanne, Zurich, Oslo here I am. Glad to be here with friends, love and family wassup Fam ?
Getting nails done. (Y)
I am World Famous JMoneyMakk!! lol
3rd Engagement on SuperTova. 1 year of operation and success stories are surfacing. Keep the Fire Burning. SUPERTOVA.COM
''You are your own problem, &&also your solution''
hey i'm fine what about u honey?
Engage your brain at tonight's exhibit opening. From 5 to 8pm we'll have free wine and appetizers along with special guests and more!
Dear , we exist. just sayin(:
Does the New iPad Run Too Hot? [POLL]
well i can't wait 2 go back 2 VA
not really! i made donuts til 6am
Karma is open! Come on down for the Packer game, the kitchen and the bar are open... Go Pack!!!!
I'm convinced that if it's marketed to old people and it includes a "free kit," it's a scam.
GiveLitter™ Voters Contribute to the Largest Known Cat Litter Donation in History
knowing who unfriends us is a good thing. Most fb friends aren't real friends, just potential acquaintances.
#Smallbizowners "can't compete by imitating bigguys...have to innovate...r less obsessed w/ earnings than w/ideas."
Xmas Tweets: Mom agrees with some of Bill Maher's beliefs, but she can't look at him. His looks attract "strange birds!"
Its its its pretty baby wow... pretty is as pretty does.... Welcome to prettys world...JUST WASNT MY TIME
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: A court can order child support payments even if both parents agree they do not want child support.
you going w your cheeseballs?
Happy Friday to all of my tweet peeps! It's #planking day at the office, pics to follow ;)
We have arrived! Waiting for others to show up :)
Well well well
I think the braves collapse has something to do with jack wilson.
at the end of the day
GM from the Windy City!
#tooready teach me how to be a Hautian!
Man KILLED IT!!!! He too legit!
Looking for freelance photographers in Texas. If interested email portfolio & rate to work(a)1mcreative.com
Not in the mood to do all of this.
Good morning world, and all who inhabit it.
this tweet made my day/night :D i love this and i have to agree!
People say there is no such thing as true love, Well if u don't believe in true love, u will never have it.
is she ok
Congratulations Pacquiao on a well deserved hard fought win!!!
can or apologize to sheep for me? I made his drink wrong this mornin & was also kinda bitchy #sorry <3
Note to self: probably not a good idea to watch anything "zombie" before bed. Heebie Jeebies!!
Curation is great for trade shows. It allows attendees to engage with & vote on the best/most innovative products at the event.
thanks for covering Thursdays event and for the great pictures you took!
Back in our office and it looks great! Loving that is acceptable to drink iced coffee today..oh how we've missed it.
I started to do my hair differently, and I'm really curious to what he thinks >.<
Happy Wine Wednesday! ""Wine improves with age. The older I get, the better I like it." -Anonymous
Chillin, watching movies.
Life always felt like a hollow cavern of defeat. Then I got a silk pillowcase.
woah...that's harsh
Happy New Year!
If you ever want to chat about embodiment/disembodiment, let me know. This is pretty much my scholarly obsession.
Cough medicane tastes worse than beer , i hate being sick .
Reason #82 why I hate the song "Single Ladies (Put a Ring On It)": It sounds like baby seals are being clubbed throughout the entire song.
#blessed birthday bonus <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C> my bosses are great I love my job <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Lexi, can you tell your mommy that I'm sorry :(?
First in ellen hopkins line yes!
watched the premiere episode of american horror story. really liked it, creepy, eery, quirky, mysterious
Mission "make this girl poop her pants" is on.
Forgetting Sarah Marshall. Perfect movie right about now.
I never had one. It held a promise of opportunity that didn't get fulfilled. Just like a poor mistress. :P
“: Tulo single to right field”
Heading over to the church today to help out with the worship team. First day on the job! Wish me luck!
LOL that's different!
Mark Zuckerberg, CEO and founder of Facebook, rang the opening bell from company headquarters in Menlo Park, California.
"We win half the battle when we make up our minds to take the world as we find it, including the thorns." --- Orison Swett Marden
ha no way you can knock this out in a 140 characters...lol. Yes but poor decisions limit your free will for sure!
Will Smith looking old in this MIB 3, smh.
You pretty much need to apply on your own. We don't have relationships with out of state firms that are established.
Oh my god I need to see more of the new Transformers movie !
truth. All my hope lies with the panthers and they won't make it anywhere yet.
I 4GOT THE NAME OF THE CLUB BUT I WAS ON THE TECH 9 TOUR
Fuck Gary Bettman and Jeffrey Pollack, self-hating NJ'ans.
hahaha!! I can't even give a normal reply without it ending in "that's what she said!"
Just censor yourself. NEVER!! Haha.
: Need a ride back to L.A.-Fly with us as Luxe Courtier jet charter. Discount pricing available!
“: Running around my neighborhood naked woo! ” WOO
better looking too
they do that to check ur vision it's part of ur regular check up
RT : "Even though life's a mess.. I'm still a freak n I'ma little horny... <U+E40D>"
Wsop final table day! Usually wait till it airs but i always find out the winner early anyway so i'm following the audio stream this time!
I hit more trees than a blind Tarzan.
Just enough to say hello :)
Culver's the best, don't tell anybody. No more tweets please.lol
there we go baby...#OKC up 2-0 over
First concert for my girls!
In a Lonely Place (1950) takes noirish angst off the street and into a languid LA courtyard where Bogart and Graham flirt, connect and crash
Oh yeah that's pretty good, it smells weird tho :)
Terrence Ross will head to the NBA. Not as much college success as we would have liked, but a fantastic talent and a great Husky.
I got soul but I'm not a soldier. Sometimes you just need a killers fix.
hei arian I know you from Victorius great episode and I saw victoria ever been to Universal Studio okei love greeting vanycy
What was Anthony Davis? Haven't forgotten him already?
as long as you scuba, I am happy
Is it weird that the best dream I have had in a long time was about a #hackathon?
when the rhinestones on my pockets poke my butt when I sit down <<<
“Never let your memories be greater than your dreams.”- Doug Ivester
In less than 13 hours, the world will discover whether Harold Camping was right.....or wrong!
After graduation some people will still be in contact but most will disappear.. So there's no point in being in my life if that's the case
No time at all, obviously... RT i think ima jut come a half a day tomarro cus i ant gt time for des stupid teachers
"Math Can Suck It"
#watching The Hunger Games.
Skyvi it's siri for android phones check it out
Thanks :) Feels good to be back!
I'm in SOHO.
Haha agreed. Cubscast retired last Nov, and I'm glad we didn't cover this clunker of a season. Focusing on new web projects
Photography company
Join Andrew Braunberg on May 8th - 3:30 at booth 876 to discuss MDM Trends in the Enterprise.
Oomf should call me
But seriously I really like my new white iPod
OMG! Today was #NationalWaffleDay and I didn't even know! Time to consume mass quantities of waffles!
When will you be here?
true, unfair. Are you going to be in Shreveport on June 1-2?
What??? Never!!! How could u accuse me of such a thing??? Lmao RT : lmao lies
RT Why wait until the new year to start focusing on your health and fitness goals? Beachbody offers something for everyone.
It looks like the market manipulators have pulled the DOW positive and that it will close that way.
RT : #Libras don't fear life's challenges, we welcome them, we analyze then conquer them, we learn and move on from them.
We'll be driving the Nain Rouge out on Sunday afternoon. Who is with us?
Can I get a tweet please? It would mean SO MUCH!! Sick today...this would make me feel so much better!!
So today a fly almost went up my nose -.- lol
Sad: Death of MCA. Funny: thousands of former hipster cool kids who today realized they're old, and are having twitter mid life crisis.
If you're doing your best, you won't have any time to worry about failure.
Fuckin a I want to get high so high
Girls-gone-wild spring break look: giant hoodie, tax forms, watching Helvetica (again), Ritter Sport.
Silver Tsunami: 1 out of 3 adults in America is a baby boomer.
me too
I'm absolutly convinced Zydrunas Illgauskas is not a human being
It's amazing how quickly gay rights have advanced in the us. Less than 20 years ago fight still over accepting glbt as valid persons...
I imagine you have quite the screening process for new projects. Do you just not worry about the ones that don't fit? or refer?
Just got The Hunger Games by Suzanne Collins!
RT : Just downloaded Founding Rivals by I'm looking forward to reading it!
": I want a serious relationship. No more games."
bo...yoga starts at 645p...no excuses...you are only hurting yourself!!!...
From now until January 1st, all Thorlos and Experia socks are Buy 3, Get 1 FREE! Stock up on stocking stuffers!
Listening to music this eve, my daughter informs me that she likes Joy Division's "Atmosphere." Apparently, I've done *something* right.
Happy Easter Everyone!!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B0>
Nice wish I was there for this! ": Special Guest DJ on the decks from now till close, let's go!"
An audio book of essays i just got from the lib. does not easily distinguishable chapters on the case or even track names
haha that's cool with me!
haha well yeah I'll just sit with friends and talk
Good point. RT : I think ppl usually learn from conversations. Even eavesdropping on conversations.
What are your store hours on Easter Sunday?
Nashville trench lawyer menu. Probation violation hearing and a plea is on tap today.
picking up the gusset stitches was hardest for me.
Our fellow Southerner haha
#POTD her masterpiece, the cover of "MacArthur Park" which took up the 4th side of "Live and More" (both #1 in 1978). A GREAT record.
the way you say that makes it sound like a broad generalization when in reality that's probably a very small subset of women.
And that concludes 2.5 y/o's guest tweeting.
Ah, am lovely -- lively even. Thanks for asking -- and clarifying my confusion. :o)
follow me back(: btw, ur concert is on my birthday ! :D
I'll do the baby clothes if you do 's concert in Chicago May 18th.
out town playboi
PRICE DROP! $100 off IN STOCK iPad 2's - starting at $399
goodoluck you can do it
Its crazy to think that hologram jokes are already overdone and hacky.
And I'm up working on my digital archive of orchid pictures on Archon. Oh,
...check ya inbox bro !!
rooting a nook. I can't imagine B&N anticipated that. theres even videos on youtube on how to root your nook.
TWT would like to thank the men and women – and their families - who have served & continue to serve our country. We are proud to honor you.
most definitely!
It's a wrap! Thanks for coming all, had a blast.
TOPR - has resources for contributors, but you can add just bits & pieces.
Thanks to all my friends that helped me today. I don't know what I would with out you, half the time. I am blessed!!
My research meeting is in the main lobby on 5th. Check in w/ me when you get here.
Anyone seen the Avengers yet? Regular? IMAX? Or 3D better?
Tornados are gone and 2001: A Space Odyssey just came on. No more writing tonight.
So happy I don't live near all the sports bars over on Amsterdam Avenue. I like a quiet celebration.
Call me :)
u gna come up here after work?
My bro's show is gon crack!
Haven't been on my instagram in a min
is "the nation's most amusing restaurant critic" per
Hahahaha. You're silly. :)
RT : In the MSP airport, headed to San Antonio to judge ADDYs Looking Forward to Meeting you
There's a guy in line for the van gogh exhibit with multiple posters--Vincent isn't here to sign them, bro.
I've been expecting you Bl
doesn't shave. He uses his beard to sharpen razors.
and share?:)<3
finally a PP goal!!
the week you decide to turn it around, my league pees itself :'(
Patience makes lighter what sorrow may not heal. -Horace
My form is rare
We live by what we believe, not by what we see - 2 Corinthians 5:7
Working on a cool new trackback system.
You're welcome Abby. Glad you and Em could connect. She's passionate about two things: PR + Right ?
Fans voted Abby Wombach's header as Play of the Year only 5 days of voting, I think the fans made the right choice. That was sick.
What's ms up to tonight?
Forgot about laundry & came home to it thrown around the community laundry room. In the window! Who knew my underwear could make ppl so mad
ugh presidents day!!!!!!
Congrats to out of Texas A&M on her selection in the WNBA Draft today!
MAY 20TH freestyle battle. BE THERE . text BATTLE To 72727 for more info !!
I'm about to head over there in a bit
come by and I'll make you one!
Yeah it's weird when that happens. And when you start giving people directions. It's like "Whoa. I live here."
Rough morning to say the least
Rebecca Black's "Friday" will always bring up good memories for me. Sometimes good can come from terrible things.
Welcome to Twitter!
I see you follow now what's up with that huh??
I Fight Demons
So I went to Yankee Stadium Pretty cold. In the bottom of the fourth, a vendor came by. "Hot chocolate!'' he yelled. "Hot chocolate!'' $10
"her and Tom"? Yikes...
Australia's lucky to have you and boys there! Can't wait till you honor LA with your presence <3
#RollTribe power surge
I will
Its time you know the truth.. im not actually chubby.. i just smuggle sloths on the regular.
Money goes so fast...
The governor just stuck out his hand, looked at me and said, "I'm Andrew."
I really wanted some tapioca today , I crave it often for some reason .. just so good lol
now its time to listen to some damn music
Naw... remember, C-Webb was a rookie in Golden State.
I have nothing.
For those still awake. MLB Network now doing a live look in for Jared Weaver no hit bid in 9th inning.
i love the looped version of the beyonce clown bangin its head of of the TV!!!!!!!
Happy Thanksgiving everybody #thankfulformyfamily!
planning a writing session at my place with a couple artists this weekend. Get at me
it is a Kooks kind of day :)
mhm! we have boba tea stations on like every block here in so-cal lol... it started out small then it turned into like starbucks
#WhiteSox #respect for Kerry wood nothing but class from southsiders
this amazing weather
I wonder what her test scores might have been like if she had been allowed to use the restroom, rather than humiliate herself.
pretty awesome to see one of Cincy's most popular radio DJ's, , here at 630am working at the new building. Thanks man!
oh who cares she dumb, she wont even remeber!! haha
Got any big plans this week? #Glue2.0 ;)
Going to a book reading tonight of Lady Undertaker by my friends, Lyn Johnson and Lisa D. Branch-Tucker, can't wait!!!
On the bright side, it's all over, and I am safe.
Follow me on
Enough great bands to put each ahead of a pack of actually mediocre labels.
Amanda Knox's Conviction Overturned : Poor Troy !
The celebrity of the day for whom I performed today was Latoya Jackson. It was a fun experience!
is my #boyfriend ladies and gentlemen ready for the new single which is going to blow the earth !!!!! #iloveyou <3 <3 <3 <3 !
i hope i dont go get my new ones
what you doing?(:
New trolley show in 10 minutes...
...and the quest to lay mine head down by midnight fails yet again.
Another Argentinian fairytale ending tonight?
it Ain't No Race So It Ain't No Rush! -Cool CAT
that sounds yummy
<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008E>he keeps me thinking Bout movin in
Welcome to the Cincinnati Bengals Dre Kirkpatrick!
First day of Spring 2012: 80F for a high in Cleveland, OH. To think that we were all complaining about the brutal winter one year ago today.
Lunch date when better than expected! Now into a board meeting with the engineers.
LOLOLOLOL xD yes that's inspiring too
Demo'd the TargetX CRM system. Impressive capabilities including Facebook integration & cascading email campaigns UPGRADE!
Worried about your followers you need to get your dollars up
u waffle sniffer
We've moved our networking event back one week to accommodate some other events going on in our city. Make sure you are there 5/14!
in new York u. In junior high school in the 8th grade lol
MUAHAHA! domino effect.
Twitter is being a douche on my other account
It's a ridiculously awesome universe, if that's where it is.
I'm just ready to eat Lol
#excited I just got new jeggings from aeropostale WOO!!!! <U+E415><U+E409>
MT On Ref Desk: Just asked for resources about hipsters. Referred student to obscure databases they'd never heard of before.
glad my house is a mile away from a chemical fire, not a block over :) you?
omg I want to get that shirt for the hubby!!!
Tomorrow back to tackling the yard. I hope - if the rain holds up - it's been raining like Seattle here for the past few days.
#Brewers Mini-Marathon? Don't mind if I do!
I really wanna smack the ish out somebody
Lol my last tweet looks weird
I'll fantasize about Ashton Kutcher, he has a nice ass.
Thank you, so much<3 I really wanted everyone to know how I felt, because it's getting out of hand.
Tim Tebow to the NY Jets!!
#YOLO is stupid but I still love you both.
in miami already...
lol and you serious?
First day of school went good! It wasnt as scary as i thought!
gonna watch marley and me for the first time. got a box of tissues ready (:
RT TheSameOG Good fuckin workout and to think I wasnt goin to go because I hurt my hand. Mind over matter and money over bitches
We saw it opening night at midnight. :) I remember that line...
My life. My choices. >> your business -->
this guy is a joke with the bullshit that comes out of his mouth
Where the hell Paul Heyman come from?
you are an all around amazing woman. Get this girl a #NobelPeacePrize, for being herself...and using that to inspire others.
Jean Eric Vergne of Toro Rosso not trying to make an impression on ...
haahaa I bet it did!!!..
Our friends at will be hosting an AWESOME free clinic with Mimi Stillman tomorrow night! Starts at 6:30, bring your flute!
I FEEL THE EARTH, MOVE, UNDER MY FEET!!! - That was some
Channel surfing the MJ memorial.
#ngl dissecting squid is gross. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7>
How do I go about having you post writing gigs? I'm always looking for good ones.
RT A seamless customer experience is hard! Relies on technology support like #CRM, #CMS & #CEM. #UX & IT must be friends.
game 4 tonight, come on boys!
Haha, does that say "irish for the day"? I love it.
That awkward moment when you're driving 20 over the speed limit and you're still the slowest one on the highway
“: missing you! Got a good game planned!” - if we got +1's this year fraker would be mine.
show was awesome
Acid House King's "Windshield" off of their new album is a lock for my summer jam of the year. What is your summer jam?
im interested in being in your video(: i'll get the pic asap!
So Anne said that Harry isn't going solo <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
Will be judging said contest?
I'll dm you the details. What about you CJ?
I can't remember the last time a term started out as crazy as this one.
Not that we know of, but the AAF supports advertising, marketing, communications and design students. The unifying voice...
it doesn't matter what you have to say, it is the President we are watching Following Pres. Obama’s State of the Unio...
Trying to find my mojo today, with the Holiday weekend coming up and going backpacking the following weekend! I am just not in my workzone!
It's funny how when people correct you're just supposed to comply, but when they're being corrected they immediately jump stupid... hm .
That was the best nap ever!
What’s your best advice for success in business?
Field trip, and the pool, yeah I'm liking it
Slabs actually.. Springer Spaniel Lab mix...
you may feel like a nun. But you sure dont look it. Its called class. Flaunt it.
Of course! Why wouldn't you?
is your zipper down too? What's up with the pants? Haha.
It's a shame that a cross-check to the throat of Schenn is the last thing that #Asham will ever do in a #Pens uniform.
Oh don't you think you're getting out of a headlands loop, lil' narvid.
Damn can you train me to get bigger im not seeing anymore results or are you them celebrities fitness instructors
My beginners mind is like <U+91CE><U+706B>
Watched a couple episodes of "Naked City" last night. A police drama light years ahead of its time.
Awesome show tonight! Thanks everyone for coming out!!!
where y'all play at??
I wonder what it would be like to be a fly on the wall and listen to Nick Holt & the Baylor def coord talk defensive philosophy
hey, hope you have a great day today! keep me updated on what happened with the teenagers yesterday. Peace
hey guess just 2 give u a heads up bout cha fans well my bestfriend was a fan n she died today a 22 year old man killed her
Thank you so much for the mention! You're awesome!
I love being woken up by a beautiful woman! Good morning
Brand new deals = brand new movies... Brand new money = brand new groupies
Kenneth Feinberg is one stupid son of bitch. Fire that idiot now Barack. Barack is a one term President if this continues
I'm in a running mood but my friends don't workout lol
stop clicking links. No one wrote a bad blog about you or has scandalous pics. ;)
Getting ready to come out swinging in 2012? Hey S.O.P.A. -- go Fu*k yourself :) HAPPY NEW YEAR PUNKS!
Have you seen our lobby lately? The changes are moving along! New bedding packages going in to our rooms - call us to book @ 505-296-4852.
dhhfgjg to do it or to not do it? I'll see if I can get it done!
Hate when people act
Smoke kush fuck bitches thats tha way it goes' drank lean sell dope thats way it goes
in the words of Jay Z, "on to the next one, im on to da next one."
Sounds like a fantastic idea. Love to be part
RT : The measure of life is, after all, is not in its duration, but in it's donation. Corrie Ten Boom
no we can't.
ha what's good with school? Decided it wasn't worth it?
No Ray....no Rondo...NO PROBLEM!
thanks for the speechbite link. looks great. great author recs also. Worrall is a fav
I LOVE it! Please tell Lydia that hers was the right response! I ask myself the same thing all the time.... :)
Winning is not everything, but wanting to win is.
Bad decision making by going arms and body shots with my brother.
I like that..
shut up shane you love us
#goodideasRVA someone needs to start a rock band incubator / music colony
Local: Idaho growers increase corn acreage in 2011
CULINARY WORD OF THE DAY: Chaser - A mixer that is consumed immediately after a straight shot of liquor.
Yeahh just a bit too soon there fellow.
Watching Liar, Liar makes me wonder how anyone could not like
Policeman who shot and killed Easton's DJ Henry named "Officer of the Year". Story on 7News at 5:30.
Theres already been 8 deaths on the dart train because of shootings
Don't eat dat BS niggas b trying to feed you...it ain't good 4 ya!! Live life through urself!!!
Would you guys like to hear one of the new acoustic songs live on stickam next week?
that's how i do.
My next film will be Epic...
You started it
That's a question for ... Jeff? RT : how did y'all enjoy set at Cochella Hey @
love and miss you so much! can't wait! <3 :)
i want to meet Justin Bieber...so bad...but i don't want it to be at meet & greet...
I may be annoying & walk to CityCentre tonight & make you drive me home
Somethings gotta give.
Nice. Sounds great.
Workin on new tunes with
I will have new tracks available soon
ok i just did
really? Sure doesnt show it, didnt show reg season, doesnt show now
I write to startups in publishing and get response immediately. I write to SVPs at Big 6 and made to feel like I am petitioning royalty.
Great coverage of the debate, thanks for the #NorwalkBOE tag and tweets
RT : Rich's turning 32 2morrow. Anybody have some ideas? Already got the bday bj wake up planned ;) Steak + BJ + a Game = heaven
I might have thought about it more if you hadn't have thrown some girls bits on my screen. I check this at work mate.
GROSS!! Moved into a new desk in NYC today, just found a fingernail clipping! Barf. I feel your pain.
Chat with y'all in 2 hours. Hope the meeting is going well. xoxo M
A glorious break, but excited to get back to business! A beautiful Spring day on tap for tomorrow :)!
I Did
I love airports, they've got... like... chairs.
Dr. Cornel West at the art of social justice conference, Denver
or is it obliged.. f u english
Try not to become a man of success but a man of value. – Albert Einstein
Strange, "Moscow" , "airport" or "Moscow airport" are not trending topics on twitter. Thought globalization of Twitter has really happened!
#salute RT : So my web designers & Hit em up!
#DYING omfg, renovators&painters. GET OUTTA MY HOUSE.&come back when the weather's nice, so i can actually escape the fumes bleehhh D:
It's not my half bithday... therefore I didn't write that tweet. , you're
Well, I am not really a fan, but he does appear on quite a few magazine covers....many adolescent boys have copied the look.
"If all you care about is organic, you're gonna be buying all your produce from China"...Matt Buck
slippery dick it's just a fish in the atlantic
"omg it smells exactly like fucking Cuba"
next time its raining n lightning out, I'm taking you w/ on a run! Haha
Seems like it. Can't find him on Wikipedia though. Was he the comedian or the pirate? :-)
Hello NYSers! How did you fare in Hurricane Irene??
or the kid could just be an adult and talk to the school not the media and the same result is reached
You rock! Thanks for all the great articles!
I was there! Wish I saw this sooner.
What true sportsmanship, promoting a teammates good fortune
you're welcome!! Last night was AMAZING!!
Congrats man. Always a fan of your work. Your level of dedication is damned impressive. Know you'll keep killing it here on out
of course not...y would there b a problem?
I am wishing you both a great adventure...safe travels and a lifetime of memories!!
Andrew is looking for a dog walker for his 65-pound lab. Contact him here:
Progress, not perfection :)
thanks for the rt on the high school scholarship program www.DistinguishedYW.org I hope some teens saw and will apply!
Apparently Baltimore has culture everyday of the week but mondays.
Nice mud run was better :)
how much are the tickets and where are the seats? xx
Lakers reach agreement with Mike Brown
I Guess Next Season Of The GAME Season 6 Nobody Aint Gone Watch It Cus TIA Leavinq !
OH HELL NO, don't even start I tried to say hi but yall wanna act like bitches. not sharing yalls youtube.
A person with little or no morals is capable of anything
Weird dreams.
would be honored to be on your show.
Much thanks to for adding us to the "Next Seven!" Makers, see you Tuesday!
Whether its light, dark, red bone or yellow bone. All back is beautiful.
Gin and Dr pepper....not bad
Good time on Saturday with some of the WT crew at Qs. Good fights!
good morning :)
your welcome!
Maybe you can just cough real loud #secretcode RT : There's a no cheering rule in the press box...so hard not to cheer!!!
ah i see, somehow that never works out for me. I guess i'm not that kinda girl ;/ lol. Gotta start looking ;x hehe
- did this go public?
cc: RT : no, I was just clicking around and found it. handlebar mustache cop looks like Morgan...
You might get attracted to another person...but u canít simply fall in love if someone else has already taken your heart.
FRANCIS LAWRENCE OMG. OMG OMG. DIRECTING CATCHING FIRE
Today is Friday... Gotta get down on Friday.
Let's start this week off right! Join me on my 90 day health challenge and find out why 100,000 people a month are starting this! EROCK
Keep the points you make short and sweet
Gotta love Texas Country Music!
Enjoyed watching the Grammys, especially it was dedicated to Whitney Houston
Don't tell me to get over him. I'll do whatever I want. And it's not like I can even help that?
Beautiful spring days like this make me just a little crazy (in a happy way). Definitely going outside for lunch.
In pretty sure it wouldn't happen anyways
Does anyone else remember President Obama saying during his campaign that we need to focus on Pakistan and not just Afghanistan? Hm.. ..
D Thanks for the RT
Expectation is the root of all heartache.
Thanks for the retweet. It is always appreciated :)
Well, they're low, but #Pinterest's deep penetration makes innovation-less copycats harder to fathom succeeding.
Have a great new year's eve people! Behave yourselves. Or not.
Puck. Your not a joke:(. I LOVE YOU!
I hate when my girlfriend cheats on me
If your not careful pride will talk to you and it never has anything good to say.
Note to self: if interviewing for UWMBB .. Shave head
yes they absolutely must.
#AnotherEarth liked it.
Thanks! This was awesome. How's the bike?
A grande Starbucks can be the first mate on my Pequod anytime.
doing wonderful. My wife liked your post a lot. She thinks she felt a kick for the first time today.
heh! RT Yes, we're tinkering with the "worst bathtub" contest idea (we're wearing gloves while we do...)
My pleasure Anne. I really liked that feature on maps that promote walking. Pretty cool.
and tell Quinn he's famous at
#HappyMothersDay to all my Mom followers. Make time for yourself today!
Dallas and then San Antonio. On hold for 20 minutes....too much lightening. Great....
GOT MY TICKETS FOR KNOXVILLE....WOOOHOOOO! <3 ME SOME SUGARLAND!
why do I always think its a good idea to flip quesadillas with my fingers?
You and I will meet again. When we're least expecting it. One day in some far off place, I will recognize your face,
and doing hw, and eating,
You got it!
Fantasy Football draft in exactly one hour. Can't wait!
Really interesting App Store rank behavior going on where there are seemingly 2 rank states. Will be interesting to see how long this lasts.
If you're not able to make an emergency call, SYNC's 911 Assist* will connect you to an 911 operator
teacake, at least you tried!! :)
I know omq :O
awesome and intresting, I think I saw CC but wasn't sure:)
A little time in Columbus coming up this week. Can anyone say any great places to eat?
Open until 7pm tonight and tomorrow (closing early on Friday for the holiday). Stop in for your last minute gifts!
happy that im going back home to NY with my pops when he goes up there for his business trip
Yay!! Sounds perfect!!! Thank you!!
i have #billyjoel turned up really loud in my office today. i'm also singing really loudly.
Ugh. My windows aren't even down and I can still smell the marijuana from the strip.
congrats on the owning of a home!
The man who has done his level best... is a success, even though the world may write him down a failure. - B.C. Forbes
I thought canoodling would be nicer to say but was worried about spelling.
#DisappointingActionMovies The Hunt for Red Lobster
umm...well i guess Rachel or Maddie?? Or here's an idea, DO IT YOURSELF!!
Almost time to pick up my son from #xavier. Was an emo wreck last year making the deposit. Hard to believe frosh year is over.
Not real excited about the injection for my neck's herniated disc, this morning. I'm positive needles have no business near my neck! :(
block him?
She Does This Shit On Purpose. I Swear 5 More Months Till I'm Free.<U+2665>
I feel hip hoppy today :)
yeeeeaaaaaa....I'm weird I know
You got some skillz wit yo voice
Imma watch that show. You keep singing praises.
hell no...lol just call lol
if you wanna be in my video for austin tweet me on here or my personal for details(:
No no no, damage has been done. RT : just kidding. (:
anything for selenaaaaaaaaaaaaaa !! r.i.p.
Somebody needs to invent a mirror that takes pictures...
Best disc brakes for mountain bikes
Thanks for all the birthday Love!
o, if I were to study an oriental martial art, which would it be? So many choices... Kung Fu, Karate, Judo, Jiu Jitsu, Taekwondo, Ninjutsu.
what time is it in boston ?
That Lion King Soundtrack Be Riding
did u leave for AUS already?
Say the magic word…PLEASER!
Just tapped Voodoo!
no problem <3
Wendy Chun: every interaction leaves a trace – you is always both singular and plural
text me!
I see ya Sessions!
how so?
The #Rangers and the #Capitols are tied 1-1 in overtime and I can't get the game on ?
Happy birthdayy thankyouuu for Sunday hope wee can hangoutt again soon :)
Just got to make it to 3
There's a lot of empty seats around the #NFL. Do you see the Economy or the TSA inspections as the cause?
Back home. Sitting near my window, night queen incense lit, box fan in my direction. #np 'Map of The Problematique' Muse
Still snowing hard. Installing a new Polar Heart Rate monitor on a customer bike.
Tim Wakefield met media to reflect on today's RS tribute. Paid special attn to his managers, coaches, and 'tried to lead by example."
No, it wasn't in the cards for me. Next year?
#IAmWatchingShakeItUpTomorrow Please RT? <3 Love you Bells! Please follow? Cant wait for
I've been there, that's for reals hitting your head on the wall :P
Helpful reminders for mobile -- have a click to call button, no flash, even less copy, because the most common conversion is a call.
This is not a tweet about LeVar Burton
your to silly I feel you though!
RIP Junior Seau. He was my football idol growing up and the reason I wore #55. So sad.
England has so little talent right now.
I hate when my facial hair start growin back..shit gets irritating as fuck!
He better update his team.
Steps 2 Success for #BeingFlexible : 6 Remember a. There is more than 1 right way & b. There is always another way (3/3)
Glad to see doing so well post-boxing career!!
cheers for the #FF tips for savvy #SEO folks at ! Like to get a deeper look at how cm does SEO &
yeahh haha(: And thank you thats very sweet of you young lady ;p
no i mean in the picture!
Mac Miller Is Dope Af.
is like on another level with that avi. Straight clown!!!!
Well, I guess you are entitled to be these days! :)
Doing well!
see you tomorrow for the match?
Opening day at Fenway. Fun in the sun.
Commerce is a hot topic for a lot of tech companies and developers. Come by our parklet tomorrow to confabulate.
i smell really good right now, it's pretty neat.
lol, y'all need fake IDs. coming to tonight? is on at 11 with on drums.
> Now on twitter.
I tried to upload the new software for my iPhone 3G and failed
rachelle is actually more like Philo Betto's mom
Today's the day! Take a break from finals studying and come to Snell Library between noon and 2pm for a free massage!
SPORTea is a healthy alternative to other beverages. It contains no sugar, caffeine or calories, & is safe for pregnant women and children!
Oh Okay ! . Good ! Oh That's What Time I'ma Be There Tomorrow Too . You Didn't Train Today ?
": #ThingsIHearEveryday My own thoughts, so may as well make them good ones. RT if you are gonna have some good thoughts today."
people watching with liv. man, pennstate has some weirdos.
That's an awesome cookie
Good morning #PDX! Headed to work at the #office with a #stiffback? Avoid carpel tunnel #syndrome and visit our #NW #chiropractic facility!
Great D Joel Anthony
paul cant you just reply to our tweets!!!it seems you dont wanna notice us...;( give a damn pls...
Wanting to help those with interest in Stem Cell Treatments for spinal cord injuries, Parkinson's, or Autisim.
Vote for chair number 2 in the SDR
Oh no. I found a whole cache of Reeses. Oh I'm gonna eat them all and be sick.
Don't Trust the B in Apt 23 gets the initial 2 thumbs up from Kristin & I. Which means it'll be canceled next week. Dammit!!!
Hi, i just wanted to say, iloveyou. <3
Group of Cute Guys following me? I'm alright with that
Is he 7-feet tall? RT I wonder if Jason Kidd's son ever grew into his head?
fuckin hilarious.. Your constantly killing my data plan with them flicks..haha
Congrats on being LA - BS reader's favorite voiceover teacher.
Not one time has anyone rubbed me the wrong way while I'm rolling my fucking balls off on ecstasy.
You finally got your spot in the XXL Magazine Young Bravo!!!!! Follow our artist Thanks
yay! played a battle o'the bands at a tattoo con at cox center and made it to finals tomorrow, then went grocery shopping :)
Liz, am happy to hear that its yours. I will FeEx it out tomorrow. 513 S Fairfax St ? This has mnade my Sunday morning. Niall
but your independent, strong, and optimistic, I admire you for that, a lot <3
u nd me both pal did u start that report for gym
Really hope you liked it, sir. Thanks for being there.
Wishing I had a little more time to play with my puppy in this weather
June 8th --> World IPv6 Day. Are you ready?
: Anyway, if you can point me to evidence of where I've expressed an "[over]inflated opinion" of myself, I'm open to discussion.
There's no bigger letdown than when youre watching a promising Asian porn flick and then it looks like chewbaccas making a cameo
Fish tacos time..
I could really use a caffeinated water right now... If theres such a thing. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
#BandsILove Mayday Parade, Falling In Reverse, A Day To Remember, Sleeping With Sirens, The Story So Far, Man Overboard, Every Avenue <3
“: gettin muh tequila on essè... I will text and find u upon my arrival. #Undalay #Ariba #cholula” Love. This.
Enjoying a Peanut Butter and Raspberry Jam decoratively painted chocolate from Hot Chocolates in Courtney
Lmfao I'm not talking about my hoe's
is Derek on in the US anytime?
Please, please, please broadcast old episodes of "Top of the Pops" in the USA! We hate Coupling.
Finished my edits! I may actually get to sleep tomorrow night... oh wait, I still have another manuscript to complete. :)
RT : Dear Internet: "Curation" implies *thoughtful* selection and sharing of content. Please?
That really sucks...I have a similar issue. My neighbor is nice & we've talked & she agreed to not smoke near our shared vents.
Welcome to the organization #MrBrandonBelt!!
true family
But on the flipside, most people will never be coders, and any philosophy that assumes they will is fundamentally flawed.
#LeapDaveWilliams will trade you candy for tears
I know you have no interest in giving us your email again, but you might appreciate knowing that the bug you reported is fixed
NO! Moobs just invaded my mind due to my cousins right now. :3 YOU'RE AMAZING, JUST THE WAY YOU ARE. YEAH! but no, I don't
Tons of celebs in DC today!
I like that quarter cup of tequila!
today you get your cd! whoop whoop!
our sales rep has ben working on for a few days but a) dont have back yet b) I dont get holdup. Cant yank func from prod.
Follow your heart.
I'm sorry Yuri :c I wish I wasn't in school.
BIG #CyberMonday sale on NOW
I have to say that I look forward to your newsletters every month - always filled with great content!
Explainer TV is a social media program that looks like the face of the 21st C.
I don't feel well at all.
Eagles Landing Pinot Noir 2007-$39.95...BEST Pinot in our store (to date)...stop by and WOW your guests!
Happy Birthday ! Keep warm today in the rain.
Thanks for tweeting out the info on Winterball!
I am excited for the #BookOfMormonChallenge between me and my son, Zachary. This will be his first. Sweet!
Who has picked up their copy of It's All About You? Get them before they are gone!
- asked like a true Socialist. You don't understand free enterprise. It's a shame...U R blinded by Obama
thanks for the #ff!
I know several people who own an apocalypse "bunker". You let me know as soon as this happens and we're heading for the hills!
are you still looking for jr/mid level copywriters?
Not sure if I should close out a long day, or get an early start on the next one!
Next time lol
I will try my hardest to pass this progression test tomorrow for senior night.
Hi Kevin - thank you for your kind RT.
sorry meant in pac 12. Zona will be good too.
Leaving tonight , Florida bound with my baby (:
I prefer single malts to blends myself... ;)
Chris and I are at brunch in a local Lake Geneva eatery. Glad we won't be here in a few hours. Good mix of GB and Chi fans. Could get ugly.
aint no boy "fina" tell me what to do and expect me to do it , thats an automatic no-no
said it best, "Forgiveness is giving up the hope that the past could have been any different."
Pulling an all nighter
Well I suppose I will give into
follow me brother
goodmorning! hope you have a great day! :)
pick up once in awhile ! RT : call once in a while punk
thats what i thought theyd do! : they giving me some more
Forgiveness & reconciliation is hard. Why can't we just forget & pretend it never happened?
Getting ready to head down to #sesny for a bit.
who? Mike or God?
just purchased that book after I read some reviews. Thanks!
Yep - good table games here ": nice, back in sin city. Haven't been to Planet Hollywood yet"
you should follow and in case ur not already..
finally have a pack fan less than an hour away lmao
Want some rye? 'course ya do.
Kodak moment when they get song parody!
Letting go of Frank White is a crime, shame on you Kansas City Royals, you deserve the 9,000 a game coming your way this summer
I am in shock and awe mode. About time! RT : Lesnar's back! Here comes the pain!
A 2nd Team Conference USA player drafted by the #Chiefs at 11...that's hilarious
Did you know? Marley in the movie #Marleyandme was played by over 18 different dogs. The dog in #Prettylittlethings is played by 1.
I typically tweet when I travel LOL
and what are they supposed to do? Another moron....bravo
full of lava pits
kisha!I miss your ass.you were the pep that woke me up at school!
J-E-T-S JETS! JETS! JETS! ... I long for fall
are WEAK! shut them DOWN tonight, and without the Black Mamba! #Beast #LAALLDAY #LAKESHOW!
I really hate when the Twitter app is being doofy and it closes. Like why?!? Why!?!
your so sexy and beautiful love you goregous muah!
Just put the pernil in the oven!
I got my mom & sister to vote this morning! Even my mom's ass of a boyfriend listened to me! Lol I voted 40 times yesterday
Happy Birthday cx
Does anyone wanna be #foreveralone with me? lol
Our dedicated board members are sharing how changes lives.
Super set from #thecelebratedworkingman at Turner Hall. Promise Ring up next!
I thought you wanted the sausage link? it will be the same kind of train.
lol well umm thank u both.n y do u say im amazing
I have been waiting a week to watch Music Bank and now my dad deleted it .. NO. WHHHYY. This is so horrible. p__p *sight*
I'm sure you have friends
It's Thursday and you know what that means........
so sexy
So tired. Long day.
New sermon "Prayer Partners" on the Reconnection iPhone app. Get the app and be changed by God's Word.
We're still looking for licensed mobile food vendors to join in the fun at Gathering Waters Fest on June 12. Last year 5000 attendees.
- Cool! You have friends and connections everywhere! :)
Romney campaign should just Google a veep. Or Yahoo search if he changes his mind. If he changes it again, there's always Bing.
Bachatas on deck
No Matter How Smart You Are; Your Heart Makes You Look Dumb Everytime!
Thinking Sandusky's rationalization sounds a lot like Michael Jackson's. I can't sing PYT (Pretty Young Thing) anymore and think its cool...
It's okay(:
They're black with a link to address your concerns to Congress about SOPA
us history,shouldn't be bad lol & the english is horrible
In Utero. Has to happen......
yeah mii 2 im putting a new blog on myspace
Could we not have coordinated your tweets? Welcome, see ya soon!
tell me how bruh was here speaking and they were playing some network talk shit about him the whole time in the foodcourt lmao wtf
Happy Birthday Bono!
All Simmons student printer stations, including those at the Library, are unavailable. Simmons Technology is working to resolve.
Thank you for this delicious lunch!
How do you claim to hate Gay people or Gay Marriage. When you got 5 kids by three different men and a live-in boyfriend. Sin is Sin!!!!!!
Nice to meetcha too! You'll have a blast in agility! Wheeee!
#MXpresidentialDebate Quadri: "not acceptable that there's 10x more spending on oil subsidies than on helping the poor"
would love to see but it appears it's a dead link...
I move into my new home tomorrow! Huzzah!
We will start following artists again when we reach 1,000 followers _sorry about that
Have a nice time Urijah! ;)
- Also: Good luck & have fun! Unrelated to Amsterdam: Kale chips!!! Yum.
Thanks! It was our ad in the nutcracker brochure this year!
RT : S/O to my newe followers esp might have my fine ass in it posing 1 day haha>>very possible
Happy 26th birthday to my beautiful wife! Her birthday present to me is not making me see The Vow. She's amazing.
I was at the game but I really wish I could watch highlights from Bob Miller and
Casa De Reyes with the family for lunch dinner kind of thing c:
should I use Outdoor Mall, Mall or Square to describe what will later be identified as a Bazaar?
Bussin' down to DC. Reading conservative strategies I simply disagree with. Trying to surreptitiously set them straight.
Thanks for tweeting my zombie article! Happy Halloween
oh okay
Fortification vs. Exploration tension: need both fortress and ships, but not both in one person, insulate not isolate
I love making You smile. That smile brightens up my world.
Boss walks by and says ..."u working late tonight?" In my head," bitch pass the fuck out" ....*confused look* and I say Ahh nope.
Last one out of 50 to leave the office today.. Merry Christmas to me!
Yeah, they're all married and having the babies! LOL
I do not have to prove myself to anyone. I create the world I desire and focus on all the good that lies ahead for me.
ain't that right! I been hurtin it lately.
I hate auto correct!!! I meant so good!!!
You'd be surprised how hard is is to get a solid burger under $20 in the city.
I'm fuckin stupid n worthless </3
"A man’s biggest mistake is giving another man an opportunity to make his woman smile...."
#giveBIG is real BIG! $850,000 has been raised so far!
hey hey hey!:)
Stuck in an editing room. Reminds me of Sophomore/Junior year.
the good ones are few and far between good sir. Usually death metal soundtrack = amateurish and terrible.
Me too. I think he did a great job in the
LSHMSFOAIDMT Laughing so hard my sombrero fell off and I dropped my taco. LOL! =)
My birthday is in 12 days!!! :)
Rain Rain go away come back another day<U+266C><U+266A><U+266C><U+266A>
“ She gnna play you bro #factRT : I'm hungry, hurry up & get off !!!!”NO IM NOT !!! lmaoo
Take her a tissue, pat her back, & walk away. That's what I'd want.
Yup that's me!
It's raining Holy cats & dogs in Phoenix Az. Right now .
#7642 i love your icon, alex is a cutie
Went to a Blazer game the other night. was sitting w/Paul Allen, & Hasheem Thabeet might be the most worthless NBA player ever.
RT but if you,re gonna do it, DO it! #realwalk #VC ...off to the post office!
yeah, that won't work.
celebrity apprentice tonight
you're welcome!
Listening to Nero.. and all i can say is amazing. Symphony 2808 brought me to a whole other world
going to a friends(:
was on something when she wrote Roman Holiday!!!
It's deadline day for Gov. Walker's campaign. They must turn in challenges to recall signatures today. has what's next.
M Cragin gave a great, broad overview of data curation, LIS education, and how libraries can participate.
If you ever go to Kauai and want to head to Queens Baths its legit. Just don't bring your 3 and 2 year old in the rain. No fun
Merry Xmas from DC Jazz Jam! There will be no jam tonight, but we will see you again next week, Jan. 1st 6:30-9:30pm.
Everyone knows the best way to create jobs is with this Starbucks bracelet.
what it do
u there??
Stope following me if you tweet in asian symbols. I'm just going to block you when I notice your shit.
It is going to be 100 degrees in NYC today. Hum. Stinky.
Women who dont wear underwear never get their panties in a bunch.
haha was that focus on he family commercial for real? Is CBS trolling?
thank you for following me!!!
#Banks ... We complain when they make money and complain when they loose money. Glad I'm not a banker.
may be the most creative, musically talented band to surface in the last 5 years.
Okay, I give in I want one a "Vianey"
when pride comes, then comes shame; but with the humble is wisdom
good thing for me that I do t do stupid things...
AND THAT'S THE LAST TIME I BREAK OUTTA CHARACTER.
thank you for following me on here and instagram, I was so happy when I realized it (:
Blake acted like a punk throughout the whole game. I really don't care what he thinks.
Ambulance and a firetruck in my neighbor hood?
#TexasTech player (safety ) hit by a bus out here today --- thankfully he's expected to be okay.
I'm in the process of collecting Pierrot memorabilia like CRAZY. Like I've spent...50 bucks on sticker sets of them.
First day of the New Year and things are already starting to pan out :)
Yeah, your argument is with those who fight for your side.
Hell no! I'm calling the shots here, lady!
What an amazing weekend we had!! Happy Monday #kizombalovers!!
Just thanking for the #FF We're good at books and perhaps not so good at Twitter ettiquette. We'll catch up. :)
Didn't they give like a 9.2 to Save Ferris? History is decidedly mixed.
thank you too!
The Republicans are also smart enough to get clowns like you to do their bidding. Again, they love U
that price is correct. It looks like that specific item has been discontinued so we may lower it at some point.
I put $10 on Evans
I must say its quite the perfect day for $1 beers and Bats Baseball!!!!
When I plugged my into a charging station powered by the solar panels on my roof.
What are y'all doing?
^-^ Goodnight Tweeter!
I am so excited about Cleanology 2012
Wow. My Stephen Burrows paid $1547 for a part of the Symmes purchase, which I learned about in Jana Broglin's session
Broncos turn the ball over on downs....first down New York
xslt, xml, peer review, oh boy!
I was mainly talking about the Twitterverse itself. (But I don't disagree with you.)
Had to wardrive Door County, this morning, looking for WiFi & power. Worked at: Coffee shop, the library parking lot, YMCA, & a gas station.
To avoid criticism, do nothing, say nothing, be nothing. - Elbert Hubbard
Guild art handler/installer/crater David Adler (Art Gallery Services) recently completed install for LACE benefit auction
I'll give you a kitten. It's the sweetest thing in the world.
Things I'm not going to miss about this office: people randomly talking to themselves. CONSTANTLY
i'm one of the pictures in that video. :)
just having a bevarge at coyote ugly staying away from the Denver snow.ya dig??
I hate human beings..
Fun stuff! Also, good luck one more time to the Lobos today against Long Beach State!
Unbelievably long lines at DCA at 5am. Never been happier to have frequent flier status.
Wondering where grace cooper was at that very moment
you da man! You ever gonna do black magic woman part 2 dude?
awesome. Keep tuned. It's coming.
Love leaves a memory that no one can steal ; But it also leaves a scar that no one can heal <U+2665>.
Drake & Josh is on? Oh hell yeah!
i was just telling my fellow ja rule fans that theres no need to hate because always talk bad about somebody because you speak real
especially the young guys. The Garden is a little louder and each game means a little more. Bradley hasn't been awful though.
good to know you can work at a brewery and have a 401K, btw, Sacto needs more Barleywine!
Hey guys check out our new song and like us on facebook! facebook.com/byejunemusic
Today I discovered if I wear a big enough push up bra, my cleavage becomes a beverage holder. Great for those times I need a third hand.
Procrastination is the art of keeping up with yesterday. Don Marquis
Just saw on with talking about That's a lot of @'s.
RT : doors open to all people and was featured as a vital congregation this week.
Refer to my last tweet.
Radiohead disc box treasure hunt and other cool prizes at the Other Lives instore on Monday at Amoeba Hollywood. Details soon!
I would also like to know! Everyone is so skeptical (with good reason of course).
The update session at #AACRAO12 from the office of postsecondary education is a packed house.
It's a book about a Chinese-American 6th grader whose long-lost great-aunt comes to visit. Lots of Mandarin and traditions.
you know what else grinds my gears? cute puppies. i cant stand them. too damn cute and cuddly, i hate how they make me feel
Are you the MeetingGenius too?
there's a difference in chubby and big boned brotha
Congratulations to for the WGA Award nomination. I am proud to have been part of this series on the post audio front!
Ooh, a student in a Stones '94 tour shirt. I was at the Miami show. Where did he get that shirt? From his grandfather, maybe? :-)
you could do a shorter lease but in order to save more for your expenditures abroad so the couch be best bet
Did Romney disparage Crony Capitalism?
Wow, is that personal foul (Ducks third so far by my count) a crushing blow. Instead of being inside the 5 yard line, they're at the 30.
im an IU grad as well! cherring them on the whole way!
There is still time to enter the last giveaway, it's pinned to the top of my page. Good luck, a name will be drawn tomorrow!
When at the gym the mirror can be your best friend or your worst enemy.
Less than 2 hours until #WineRev starts! We're excited. Are you?
haha I know I saw u behind home plate
yo -- when you doing your #kcur stint for the current fund drive? been saving my nickles for you all week!
Fushia lips and slicked back buns is trending at the kick- off of DCFashion week.
hello babyy are you love
Added another page to my website. Drop by. Hope you enjoy. Night...Night...everyone!
Loving the new Twitter handle :)
Work is the curse of the drinking classes.
Dying over here, lol #NW Boogie Nights "Record Deal" Scene..."The magic that is on those tapes!"
thirty-one years of marriage for mom and dad today. hey whoa, that's worth celebrating!
Choose me“: im gonna follow at least 100 fans each day all this week. (i do this anyway though) #ILOVEMYFANS #ILOVEMYBELIEBERS”
Who's going to the YTP event tomorrow night?
Nigga im too hungry !!! I want some subway
It's understanding that allows people like us to tolerate a person like yourself ;-)
ok i lied the jokes over about busting n goin 2 St Louis
you dont have to like every single post on your boyfriends wall. omfg. so annoying.
Basecamp is like cheap beer, you keep telling yourself there's something better. But somehow you always go back to it.
Heard this morning on a nice LA drive. Titanic transcripts.
can you imagine if a FB message ended up on your wall? we'd freak. but twitter gets away with it
I'm so hungry, anybody got any food!!
just verified my obopay mobile banking account
You know what this is, its a pocket inside a pocket,
Great time speaking at last night in the CIS #sandbox! I think we have a few new members in the making over there!
"This program is very important to Kodak. We look at this as an investment to Kodak." Mike Houser from Eastman Kodak
Really starting to hate Algebra. :P #Stupid EndOfCoarse
"Man is the Bastard"
Gettin tanked after that crushing loss. At least that scrap yard fire is masking Hotdog's
Oh, we will be in Atlanta this month for Mayfest & Sweet Auburn fest and next month for Praise in the Park...
Anyone who was behind, "The Invitation" please spread the word we are releasing, "Night Shades" 04/13/2012
Lol!! Yeah it kinda is, but thankfully there like flies, when one dies another million have been birthed!
B.E.T.T.E.R. Music
Just by virtue of the fact that I did not have to get up at 5am, I know today is going to be a good day.
2. Do you think that's because he's gay?
you know crack kills
yes, that's one of my goals is to try and play with as many as possible
Been watching Roll Bounce for like 4 hours!
Worth blowing my voice out for sweet child of mine at karaoke last night? No. But hopefully somewhere, it helped a child. A sweet child.
Night all !
Oh, look, kroger has Easter candy.
I find that when I'm actually busy I don't post much. And now back to work.
it's time to call your mama. I need a life update.
Alone time at the mall my princess is going to have a fit lol
Without a doubt, we can, and we will :)
Im totaly 4 stoping the slaughter, but when a broke country spends its $ to do it + lives. and they got the oil. I say send them an invoice!
it's the economy, not you 'governer'
Don't leave!
Spring cleaning. In honor of the longer days.
thanks for the tweet Nicole!
Sad but true...sad but true. It'll fit in the waist, but nowhere else.
does that make me fierce? Don't know if I've ever been described that way.
Also, I'm doing creative things this weekend. You should support them. ;) And having super garlic-y food w/ my folks.
Yay for Jared Allen & a higher draft pick. #Skol!
: That awkward moment when you're watching The Woman in Black and don't understand why Harry Potter doesn't just use his wand.
Genius, right? Thanks for noticing.
thanks for playing... but ROCK BOTTOM delivered by !!!
back and get my associates as a medical assistant.
Last night never again am i getting drunk
You think it's funny?
fast follow friday
We are talking #Texas Longhorns and the NFL draft. If you have not seen 's piece on the 2012 draft check out Orangebloods.com
Got to watch Pochantas in fifth hour yesterday. ^-^
Cry as much as you want to, but just make sure when your finished, you never cry for the same reason
Okay, sounds great. How was Mexico!? :)
Our pleasure - same goes to you!
hey there I hear you are looking for Django work. DM me if you have time
We should talk - I could use some tips (or another me)! :-)
At with am learning a lot
Im running away Away from this town Leaving everything behind To go get what I've been meaning to find.
RT please follw me back..... P L E A S E! < no need to beg ;) done! :) Thanks for following.
I know you guys got tired of seeing that same pic as my icon so I changed it! Imma change it back on May 28th but then change it again.
okay finally home
Shout out to my best bro and fellow #trackboy on his 21st birthday!!!! Happy B-day bro! Have a good one man!!
We agree! Will you be staying with us?
This has been going on for at LEAST 25 or 30 years & is now well-advanced. Seem a little late to be asking this question
whats up cena how do you feel about miz and r truth geting fired me i feel great they suck they suck and that the truth!!!!!!!!!!!
Can you follow so I can send a DM?
Its my homie from high school he gettin by , time to bury another brother nobody cry
I love him.
Figured since i start the new job monday I should start slowly reviving my twitter to pass the time!
Thanks for spreading the news about #ChildrensDay this Tues!
I sat down to write my thesis and proceeded to scrub both my kitchen and bathroom instead.
I need BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT MANAGER candidates in #Dallas #Texas #Hiring #Food #Sales #Resume to $$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$
Tonigjt I hunt for zombies .... and GHOST!!!!
MERRY BURFMAZ KENNETH. WE LAVE U.
Almost 70 degrees today looks like basketball shorts today
The business during the week of the Cowboys saying Calvin Johnson isnt that good look foolish now
weak, I've tied bow ties after a hard night of partying, then waking up with a 6 pack
I know. w
Hurting people hurt other people. Stop the cycle! Apologize for hurting. confront the source of the hurt. Move forward and don't look back.
You're so welcome. If I didn't have plans, I would do it! Maybe next time :)
Just recorded a new video tip...Editing. Stand by :-)
One More Time! RETWEET IF YOU WANT 75 OR MORE FOLLOWERS! FOLLOW !
It's just as bad as we thought it would be.
Ready to perform alongside the multi talented for the #LocalBuzz Hip Hop Showcase at Fort Rapids Indoor Water Park 7.13.12
I almost bought one...
haha. And when I had my brown hair. I much prefer being blondie
This chick looks like a man, creepy.
Curation is the future of the Internet, not just YouTube. With so much info, meaningful, human connections matter. Great keynote,
thanks for the RT guys! Good Morning. :-)
Make sure follow my girl <-----fwh
Yes but I also sent you two alternatives. What do you think?
Today was officially my last day of high school <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
This time again expressive lineaments exquisite
I love you. I miss you. Come home SOON.
The odds are certainly stacked against the Lakers, but there are few guys you'd rather have on your side in this situation other than Kobe.
So long, goodbye. You try to save me but it just wont work this time. Cuz now, I've lost my fucking mind, and theres no fucking time!
I am staying in PDX; looks like travel is a part of the equation. I am planning to spend some time working from SF area soon.
You can get one of those if you call it an Intern.
Using simple NHL Playoff logic the Predators will win by 6 tonight over the Coyotes despite their two top scorers not playing.
so tired of the shots at Cal too. Besides- YES he CAN coach, imagine what goes into just having to reload every year.
hey how is everything? all good here…hear back from schools soon…still thinking west coast
I just remembered that I always forget.
<U+2600>Let the sunshine in!<U+2600>
haha you totally should! it's so worth it(:
On air now! til 10p. Tweet them your local Chgo requests & tune in for a chance to win tix to 's home opener
Tonight I learned there are young kids, presently in high school, that actually know who Slipknot is.
In my greasy past, you are the biggest grease spot.
Huge fires all around our neighborhood. Our neighborhood is full of smoke. Really hope we don't need to evacuate!
Lol AWESOME NESSSSS lmao OH! Do you want me to bring my blue/white Loli headband?
What tools do you use in your work?
How long has it been out? I rooted only to share wifi. I like the stock ui too.
I once owned solo albums by Malachi Favors & William Parker, but it's been so long, I can't really rec.
Whats going on in twitter land today?
read forward in Stegman book, started cleaning garage. What if I am right, and all I need is a little boat & a star to steer her by? Sails!
So brother Peter Peters got two peters and Paul Peters got just one.
New video coming soon
EWWW EWWW EWWW OMFG THERE WAS A SPIDER IN MY BRA. THAT WAS THE GROSSEST THING EVER. EWW IM SCARRED!!!
Rain :c
i can't tell who says stupider shit, my stoner friends or #brainPARKOUR <3
I'm glad to know that i'm in good company with grown-up readers of !
throw Michael Bay in there and you've got a war crime.
Gotta grind it out, but go get it
Hi, Can you get a million people to follow me, please?
I think i just need SUMMER! <U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+008A>
Good Morning... Happy Tuesday.. to all :)
Lovely weather we're having.
fleener stinks on ice
I h8 hypocrits
Did you know the Serta Hotel Collection is unique to Mattress King? Come lay on the Plush, Firm, and Super Pillow Top!
You'll get more traction with the CFO if you measure conversions from social venues and paid media together
Problem with getting up early is that my phone battery dies at noon & I am a total bitch about it
lmao. She don't have one .
Prepping for the InterAct meeting next Tuesday
Always at the #ArianaArmy <U+2661> Proud of Ariana!
It's #payitforwardfriday, join the conversation to see you how can help others and to let others know how they can help you
lol! Jealous? Ha. And I'm starving, so imma finish everything lol
the person driving the train tonight on MARC 548 needs remedial training in applying the brakes
stop and he will
Is trying to name our GPS
New day...renewed energy...full of possibilities!
Damn PONYBOY I never knew you were a racist don't ever call me a fucking nugget again be a man and just say NIGGER!!!!! lmmbao
so ready for next week
What does it mean to you to 'get ready' to 'receive love'?
Dressing up your pet in form fitting clothes almost seems like a form of animal cruelty.
Pulse class is about to start! If you missed this one...we have another one coming up at 10:30! See you at Romney!
Ugh, so true!!
ABOUT TO BE THE BIGGEST DICK EVER
"Never Without You" Fan Comments: Absolutely love this song. Get goosebumps every time I hear it.
Ha ha, clever!!! thank you so much for your support!
I think a trip to Bloomington is in order soon to visit Emily.
Happy New Year's Eve everyone! I hope you all will make some new year resolutions. Remember, there is always room for improvement in dance!
Why isn't Justin acknowledging the 20 million belieber extravaganza?
Some people are always grumbling because roses have thorns. I am thankful that thorns have roses. – Alphonse Karr
I think said it best when she said, "If you are a woman who votes for a Republican, you are a moron!"
Had to look mobo up! Sounds like you've got some skillz.
Thanks for the follow, Darla. Here's to your continued success in supporting peace and profit in 2012! Hooray!
I better see you tonight !!
needs to go downstairs and make fun of on my behalf (and also of the rest of the human race).
merry merry lil birdie! Hope Santa found you in merry ol engy
How's Nicks?
good meeting you as well. thanks for coming thru! Way too fun.
thanks apple, i've now officially doubled up.
Hey Darlin' Jana! Just use both tags! So Happy2 have U w/ us again! We need Grace for our mess2! :D LuvU:)
how did you make such a perfect album!?!?!?
Why is my brother watching K-Pop videos while my cousin is here? Lol He just asked if LeeTeuk was a guy. Haha
Hope you too enjoyed an awesome weekend & the amazing weather, so excited outdoor events & activities are ramping up in
what's going on??
initial reaction is to ship it to Pujols, but he deserves hand-delivery. We did get 11 great years and 2 WS championships from him
we can finish
Been a long time since I've been to a #SMCsea event! En route now with
And the only girl that i know that will get a scholarship for softball is kathleen nelson from boone. My baby is a BEAST X100!!!!
"She can't even spell tuberculosis"
A good relationship takes a while to build up.
thanks dude!!
Guys, boxers are UNDERwear, which means they go UNDER your pants. I don't care what they look like. Get over that fashion "trend" please.
11/19/2010 On Architecture: transforming a Cambridge mill into HubSpot's new headquarters Boston Globe
Thanks to everyone for a great opening weekend! Next weekend: '4 Months, 3 Weeks & 2 Days' on Fri, Sat & Sun. 'Riches of a City' on Sunday.
Try talking to the Red and Black Cafe and Laughing Horse books. They'd be into it, probably.
When all your friends say that you have the "cool" mom. #awkward . :P
#Assad 's wife Asma seems a wicked woman to stand by him while he destroyed her parents' hometown
pretty! Where was this?
Just saw Magic/Bird on Broadway eehh! Well it was better than I thought.
|#quotes In a time of crisis we all have the potential to morph up to a new level and do things we never thought possible.
#AllStarGame I LOVE YOU :P
I am about to return to New York City, where I will most likely join the ranks of the #homeless .
11 pm traffic jam at Holland leaving nyc. Did martians invade earth?! YTH is everyone driving?!
Good wed white wine I come alive in the night time
DON'T FORGET! Half price appetizers 2p - 5p! Buckets of 5 domestic longnecks for $11 all day. Dine in or call for take out. 317.636.6212 RT
CaptLawrence Golden Delicious; Apple Brandy Tripel. Drinking it now; damn tasty. Know?
Best of luck to writer at the release party for his new book "Happy Hour Blues"..
yep I sure am! :) where are you from?
I'm at my daughters graduation she's getting master in business from pepperdine university
I secretly video tape you brushing your teeth.
I don't want to grow up either!
nah. I can cut in front of the return. Easier for me.
Mike Brown does look like a principle or a pastor!
Totally baffled <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
I think everything's 2/15
Finally off workk, time to k.o lol : )
Recording tonite w Grammy-winning artist Henry Brun, who's adding his Latin percussion magic to my new bilingual song "Media Relations."
my flight is also canceled and I'm trying to come up with a plan. want to rent a car?
lol theyre play fighting and shes screaming as if shes in a horror movie
excellent day! thanks nick - great interview - loved being on the program!
Its a tough road that leads to the heights of greatness
I am actually rooting for the Colts for the first time in 27 years.
I didnt know they were fried bananas, it was so good, so good
Two sure ways to fail... Think and never do or do and never think. - Zig Ziglar
OH (young kid): I want syrup on my doughnut. No, it's going to be good.
“: They cant take away your dreams.. #never #ever #EVER #stop!!!” For you
Ashia you ar by FAR the best at finding this kinda stuff ,lmao..what do ya call a latin hores w/no legs..?
Great meeting @ Az Pain Specialists. This practice is just incredible! If you're in Pain they are the first place I'd call.
So glad the 49ners won yesterday, time for the Packers today!
Hate sleeping alone tho
oh, i meant CAR not care lol..
that's wonderful. I'm doing great! Currently on an extended vacation in FL :)
or simply a dumbass.
#SoYouMeanToTellMe Nothing in life is free?
You hit me like the sky fell on me && i decided you look well on me ;D
getting pretty excited about my birthday in a few days! Can't believe it's almost here!
We are a little behind. ::Walks into waiting room with 12 people:: Smh.
Down by 12 minutes!!!!!! :D Now what? My life is boring as balls. :/
well we both got imaginations lol so lets put them to work foolie
Officially added to my list of Things I Want to be A Part Of
great! any flying brooms? I think a nimbus 2000 would be way more awesome than the car im driving.
not satisfied, probably gonna say they were created by the autobots or some ish.
thanks for the shoutout!
Cinnamon Bears have arrived!!!!!!!!!!!!!! along with 500Lbs of other Yummy Confections :-D see you soon
You too. Take care.
Lol more like Happy Cousin's Day ": Oh.. LoL well Happy God Mother's Day to her"
Sometimes. Do you like steak?
Hope you and had a great time at the show. Wish we could have made plans for the show today!
how many Dr. Pepper's did u drink while in Tx?
The new #samsung #galaxys is gr8 , a #iphone killer. But just changing sim cards from old 1 2 new 1 doesn't work, have 2 go back by #AT&T
Check with ! RT : Does anyone know places to visit/see/stay/eat in MILAN,PARIS,LONDON? I'll be there all summer...
Domino's parmesan bread bites are haunting my dreams. Leave me be!
But are all words fighting words? Have we as women gotten to the point where we can't have oppinions without it being shyt talkin
Need a Lift? Okay....we have something for you then!
Woah. Creepy to see your teachers house and his "lady friend"
Who wants 30 min of free coaching? RT and follow us to win! use #coachwho - winner announced on Tuesday!
I have barely any service here.
Just posted fliers at WVSU for the Kingdom Life Fellowship Church inaugural service! Praying revival sweeps this valley! #klfc/elevate
It is so cold in this office that my ankles are numb. I accept (partial) responsibility for refusing to give up the loafers in mid-November.
I guess your fast day is just beginning. I hope it's a good one! ~burp~ from 12 hours behind!
That was FUN. <3
I am so sorry. I live in between 2 and would send one if they traveled better!
Holy Shit- I'm wearing a fucking #scarf today!
#sexualcultures Jerry Barnett now talking about UK politics: in the grip of a viscious conservatism, we need a new civil liberties alliance.
Hooked on Bookman Old Style as current font of choice. Also intrigued by Century Schoolbook.
Built by God... Made to last! Don't settle for anything less!
Finally Friday thank you baby Jesus!
I am CONVINCED it is the weather...and not you. I feel it too!
If only the would. I am at my moms house this weekend and her cats hair is on everything I own!
It's possible that might be Bunny and Brandy's soul mate.
Mr.Clark! Some kid is beating up Kid Ray!!!!
8th grade boys are freaking out at #Nemo getting stuck in the filter. Hee hee!
As soon as I get there, I'm asking the DJ to play In Da Club.
Over it: March Madness-style brackets for pop culture debates. Do we really need mult. rounds to name best Wire character, burger, TV show?
MT : Thanks to all who came out to #showb tonight, esp , , , , &
Bad thunderstorms in charlotte so this plane was circling in the air for 30 min. Omg
One person with the belief that he or she can own their home is equal to the force of 99 people who only have an interest in home ownership.
So basically January Jones salary is equal to getting the rights to a Beatles song.
Game 2 tonight! Go Bulls! See Red!
you can revisit decision after I get mine, I can't wait to get mine!
Those were fun times :)
you love so so much you're Frenchfans ? :)
Due to potential inclement weather, MdHS will be closed Saturday the 27th and Sunday the 28th. Be prepared and be safe everyone!
Tonight is the night. See you for our Fashion Week After Party.
Why dues CBS show highlights in SD of games I just watched in HD?
I'm so excited for next year! RT : Congrats new 2012-2013 #PRSSASDSU President !!
scan my barcode for more information
In the middle of my Econ tutor when i get a text from my dad saying. "Rose is hurt, It is serious" Couldn't concentratethe rest of the time
I have to google this !! I'm shocked if true
God brought 4 ppl in2 my life. John dye,Della reese,Roma downey n Valerie bertinelli. I love those like family. I admire them so much
I thought I saw you went we were driving. Lol but prom was fun. Kind of sad though since it was my last.
Given long history of neglect, no excuse should be accepted. Thx for tracking it! MT 1000 C St NE appeal hearing in progress.
I have to say I really love your company name! Very fun company.
Thanks for your order!
What. The. Really? I thought we were cool.
Keep Your Head Up, Legs Closed, Eyes Open
When we remember we are all mad,the mysteries disappear and life stands explained.- Mark Twain
got fried!
Mine is June 10th!
If youu do a shout- out for me ill doo one back[; #More followers
motherfucker I'm ill, not sick. and I'm o.k. , but my watch sick
At to moderate discussion on the 1953 film "Little Fugitive," about a 7-year-old boy on the lam at Coney Island
I drunk call WAY too much! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092> Whatever, she my boo.
I got on twitter just to reply to my sister lol
Hey Bruh you got some great music. I can follow ya story. Also them 2 videos are DOPE.
…said the digital girl *gasp*
hahaha I felt awkward all day....
It breaks my heart to think that Don Draper would probably be dead today.
Congrats to Rufus & Jenny Triplett of Prison World, Ebony mag's couple of the year!
#BootyBounceMix bout to go down on with in THA MIXX & on THA M.I.C.!!! Tune in nowww!
train takes too long, is that really competition?
I have absolutely no motivation to get out of bed. I. Need. Sleep.
Yes i know i'm weird
he's going to have to try harder. The dog has already beat him to that.
I drink good vodka. Beer is last resort when vodka not available. At least Landshark is a step up from Coors and Bud Light. IMO.
Haha! Brings back so many memories. That was 10-11 years ago! Crazy!
wow, ur unbelievable
I love you, and would die if you ever followed me..
OMG YESS ! ESPECIALLY ON MONDAYS!!! 17
It's not my thing so I'm not gonna say anything.
Tryin to understand
...Wild goats don't sleep.
Hmm... effing Zoro is working 4 cubes from me.
. and are sponsoring a free legal clinic for gender changes on Feb 25! 323-993-7677 for more info.
What are you doing today to make the world a better place?
Starting the year single ! Oh yahh .
#dearpeppymorningpeople, I want to shove a stick of dynamite up your asses, and light it. Sincerely,
RT : How is your administration going to work to prevent attempts to disenfranchise students?
Oh! I'm sorry....I hope it get better
Did you build a Rube Goldberg Machine a la OK Go? :)
How lovely to see your smiling face on Twitter! How are you doing? How's NYC?
i always leave feeling damn SWEATY ;)
About to put in some serious work @
ready for Punk'D on Thursday? ;)
I been following Jay for years he does no wrong to me.
Garden fans booing Jagr.
will be closed on Monday, 7/4. Wishing the Robins School Community a safe & happy 4th of July!
LOL it was just a little further down the street Abbey but it was always around there
Remodeling Portland, One Home at a Time WWW.BlackForestRemodelAndTile.com
winning bear!
First Suggestion, Women love flowers guys you don't have to wait for a holiday to buy her a small bunch of daisies.
#Wisconsin does like its politics clean and smart. After we #recallwalker his pandering cronies will be able to go to target practice/golf.
Well, until you have money, go into Sephora and ask to take some samples of products home. Get familiar with our lines.
Weather Update :: One tornado confirmed in Arlington. Another in east Dallas. Campus currently okay.
Precisely!!!! With the color scheme of our revolutionary logo.
lol I'm still kinda mad u ain't came over 4 a night cap!
I love it when teachers talk about you
Just finished up lots of yard work...
that's interesting, new twitter layout. Guess it's been a while since we logged in. Give us a moment while we get used to it.
oh i know the instructor from ride
Oh great... all these stupid twitter hoes gonna be puttin "born stunna" in their profiles now... yawn. Predictable ppl r boring.
Monika, thank you for the RT!
It is not! it's on my back!
Jeppa Joe is waiting for you at the courthouse...come on down!
Overtime, this game is nuts. So proud to be a Trojan
such a love/hate relationship with protools. a fresh install is the hate part.
is serving Bagel Dogs,Kimchi Reubens, Phatty Cake Ice Cream Sandwiches, Chocolate Chip Cookie on the corner of 10th & Ptree
Happy New Year from The Cloud Institute!
nice dresses! I like the partial zebra print one!
nice write up on our "Techno Bro"
Haven't unpacked anything because the first thing I did was hit up the nail place to get my eyebrows did.
HOOKAH SOUNDS SO GOOD!
marry me?
has no idea how to cook a turkey - www.HelpMeCookATurkey.com is DOWN...
Lol looks interesting! Def the cops u don't want pulling u over for a breathalyzer ha ha !
being 23 is lame. me and Erin have been doing it for months now. we're experts.
Just saw on Good lord. Maybe I'll run into him on my last day in new york..... ;)
“‘You must love the Lord your God with all your heart, all your soul, and all your mind.’
That's literally my establishment. Spend some strange nights thete
Thx for the heads up! Not my ideal way to start a Sunday morning!
very very unhealthy addiction to Ebay :/
#cw09 G3: great presentation by Melanie Yergeau...I feel like I have a lot of research to do!
You meet thousands of people, and none of them really touch you. But then theres that one. that one that makes everything worth it.
I (think?) they were here, too, their only real appeal that you could play them in cars. I think.
You know what would be awesome right now? Smoking for a little at the beach... Too bad I quit XD
And , too! Yay! Thanks !
yeah that's my point, what point does that senseless violence get across?
love it! Thanks so much for sharing great inspiration w us ;)
John Gerzema recap: credit to debit, consumer to customer, consumerism to emerging market for values led innovation
whats up everyone?
Go back to Miami ! Home sweet home :)
Spent my morning playing surrealist games with 5th graders and now I'm onto designing Quincenera invites!
"Firemen: find 'em hot, leave 'em wet"
Detroit should literally be flagged on every play for holding!
RT : A2: Anyone who asks these days, I tell to become a non-profit accountant. We need that specifically.
Thanks! RT : is great. #bvu uses some of their books in our online courses. They're fully customizable.
Omg I can never sleep all the way through the night
#Brewers K-Rod up for 8th inning to hold serve!
Afterimage of Empire: Photography in Nineteenth-Century India by Zahid R. Chaudhary F'08 now available from
holy creeper...
Condi Rice spotted on UVA grounds; new President of the University to be announced today. Coincidence?
I own that RT : Jump in my hoopty hoopty hoop
that was more for haha
Old San Juan-Spyro Gyra: via
Do you publish a list of future dates when you tape?
I can't wait for you to start !
Blah work work work work....I miss my boy and I miss my friends
lol yeah i miss you...nowhere.....ducked off with my nigga.
yup again I am going! Love DC girl!
It sounds nasty but its good :D
you def have to change state at some point, but helpful to minimize those spots, and add integration testing there.
im blout to blow me a sweet get back in this studio rhyno u ever in the tone and need a studio i got it 210 736 5963 thats my info
Just got out of a session about texting in museum settings... Very hot topic lots of discussion...
Johnny B's, Medford: Awesome. Thanks guys!
RT “: Ima ride for u whether u right or wrong. It doesn't matter what we go through ima always be there because I love hard”
Petition-"give us this day our daily bread"
Both my kids are home from the hospital. Yeah!!!
Husband, who is on trip, just advised me the #bruins won. So 42 seconds ago
#SongsZimmermanDontWantToHearInJail love faces! By trey songs
Listening to country music... wait, what?!
Just because i know you doesn't mean that i'll be following you.
Just now caught up with #Alcatraz - LOVE IT! JJ Abrams, may I write for you for free??? :)
Learn to appreciate what u have before time forces u to appreciate what u lost
About to hop on these waves with dill Leta see what happens.
Morning tho ppl
Fact is no matter who's running this state its going under... That move I've been thinking about may be in order soon
Really appreciate it, Marty--thanks!
yeah were all bored so I think so:)
definitely students who are cheated.
Thank you guys for the birthday wishes/shout outs/pictures and all that. I swear I have the bestest friends EVER!!!! <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089>
Chat Night tonight w/ Dr. Ramos of Kaiser, all girls welcome! Discussing healthy relationships & preventing abuse. #Powerful conversations
#ThingsILookFor a good personality
We wanna serve our Hawaiian Poke Bowls to Dragon House!!! We are already serving The Food of Champions to the #BJJ comm.
Funny night @ World Cafe Live... :P ...pretty colorful this Open Mic
I met the guy that runs the world. If u wsnt it i xan show u how to get it
Whacha doing on this supermoon Saturday night?"
It's a great song lol.
Having a great break. :D
Awesome! My students had lots of fun doing PK, too. If you did the handshake agreement w/ PK org, you'll get a nice gift n the mail
Tonight is the opening party for EVO Tapas Kitchen & Cabaret - the first night my #timelapse films will be screening as well! Come check it!
Xavier is stepping up big in this second half. The #Aztecs are leading 53-52 with 7:41 remaining in the game.
Directing this time or both acting and directing?
Weekend getaway with my girls! Missing my man already<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094>
I have to walk the dog
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 348
even predatory animals understand the importance of ensuing future stability and continued communal viability
Trying out the new bike food delivery service. We ordered from #Fuelcafe. Let ya know.
im doing some good things. Can you please give me a hint if Austrilia or New Zealand will be opening anytime soon? Thanks.
Training hard for big fight coming up in early time of 2011. Let you all know soon.
I am #ForeverALamb because Mariah's music has gotten me through some tough times.
#WhyDoHoes be going to yoga class? Trick, that stuff make ya hair funky.
People on Facebook are like mosquitoes. The only descriptive word I can think of for them is the word annoying.
happy first day of fall everyone!!! RT Just realized today is the first day of fall!! Yayyyyy
lets go bruins!!!!
#NF Go Follow my Cousin , Show him that its so much more to do on twitter than holla at girls
On this bus i feel like Im on a field trip!!!
RT Next up the super talented Shanna Jaggars from
New blog: Wangari Maathai Dies—First African Women to Win Nobel Peace Prize
lol. is he saved?
I don't think I'll ever be able to get "Starships" out of my head
why do I even care about you anymore? all you've ever done to me is make me feel like shit and hurt me and make me cry.
Melvin Gordon has 22 carries for 117 yards and one touchdown for the #Badgers through two quarters
Finally back working again today....had to take a couple days to party like it's 2011, err, not really.
thank you! Enjoy the gorgeous weather!
What should we do today. Mom has to work today but dad got the day off. Time to play!!
Matt leinart signs with the raiders.. Backing up Palmer.
hoping for more minx in January.
I think the Horns offense has that sleepy-after-eating-turkey thing going. I know I do.
To also include our regular hunts done live in new york city
realest of talk RT once I got on some official album ish with thank-yous i'm bout to thank Linda Garton. Real talk.
Is there a release date for the book "UX Team of One" yet or do Rosenfeld books just come out when ready?
i feel like doing somethin wild!
Don't think there are any bad choices this year! Coldplay. Arcade Fire. And the legend that is Stevie Wonder.
:( @ Mariano blowing the save
New #GeekTrivia question: Who are Wolverine's son and daughter/female clone?
It sucks I cant hit the beach today with a blahh day
It was incredibly lovely to meet you samantha!! (: you're such a sweetheart! and that means everything to me, so thank you!<3
RT ": How things use to be > how they are now ."
has that place gotten any better. I went when it first opened and it sucked.
Free business information.....www.stayrichandtrim.com
cool I followed her. What s camille's
What girl?!
now following this chico >>>> #teamfollowback or a rhino will cum and eat yur face >=O
I wish that I can run for #governor of #new jersey to get #gov Christie one term and get him to #one term he sucks for
tech game 2day :) ~I<3 u this big
My chinese restaurant order is for 1 person. They give me enough fortune cookies for 5.
Wow, leaving work is cool! I'm actually running out of things to do.
Matt Kemp is getting Intentionally Walked.
A bit of envleope processing today for the VST Instrument...
everyone is entitled to their own opinion, INCLUDING ME.
When its light then all of a sudden it gets dark. Ahah
Downton Abbey is so good. Such a fascinating study of life.
Now I don't no what u are in here for but SMG is here to set it off! #CantStopme no matter wat u do our movement gona move
Wow! Our number of followers on Pinterest has more than doubled over the last month.
not only 4 pims but 4 different penalties. He's trying to commit every offense possible
I've been thinking about bridges, ovepasses, and arches lately.
#ff Boston Chamber Ensembles:
“: or what?! (slowly slides finger on unfollowing button)”lol you ain't real
no matter what the book says, one of the clearest messages is that it is not our job to judge others.
yay... thank you lol hope your well...
of fucking cuddling. They go on grindr to cuddle! I wanna kill someone when they say that!
What I learned tonight. Tonic in Mount Pleasant has a spend $8 get any draft and a sandwich special. Here's to my new fav thursday spot.
i love u too<U+2665>
the future is bulletproof my dears.
You know it!! RT : get at me tomorrow if you're downtown!
Hey guys! subscribe to youtube.com/cubezzes !!! watch the videos!!! they're funny! (hopefully)
use #BVBchat to participate now in a conversation about #edequity, an issue is eager to discuss with you!
Yep. Too young to be familiar with the Temptations version ;)
so i've wondered what you do for a living because you look like a model.
Facebook just reminded me a girl I think is amazing is in a relationship. Sometimes Facebook can be a real dick.
I've got too much down time....
mistake.. Mistake... Mistake .. Chad stay away !
“: lmao I'll be excited when that day comes !!" me too...others may not but they should I'd be a kick ass boss!ha
RT : RT : you can tell Don Draper is a missouri fan with his lack of speed and poor tackling form
I worked in Hollywood as a reader and a would-be writer for about 6 years before I sold my first story. -- Sidney Sheldon
One day I WILL get to tweet me back.
Life is too short to wear boring clothes!
TY for the follow. Look forward to learning together.
you speak french, spanish, and english? nice.(:
Such an education costs little money but it consumes your entire self! You lose yourself in such an endeavor. Wonderfully!
hit me up...I'm anxious with you. Hope all is well babe!
,lol its not she says it good haha she's a baby and she told me to shut up! so i told her mother fucker and she copied big fail
Good morning! Did you know that Fortune Magazine named McDonald's Hamburgers among the 100 products America makes great in 1998?!
Time to get some rest tonight....then back to work before finals!!!
Hanging with my woman today...naked...
me to
Interested in a follow4follow? Need free promotion? try the site on my profile. Never pay again for promo.
Happy Mothers Day to all the beautiful moms out there <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
No but I work third shift so I am a Vampire, who sleeps during the day. I am in south Florida.
Tonight kick off your weekend early with special show by THE URBAN SOPHISTICATES at at 6pm hip hop, r&b , funk and groove!
11 Panthers have been named on the Horizon League's Winter All-Academic Teams. Well done Panthers!
can I accept Boardwalk and Park Place as payment for anal rape? Cause I've done that.
I just finished Robert Littell's The Company. Published 10 yes ago, but his introduction of Putin feels eerily prescient.
Once again did an amazing job as celebrity emcee for the Hospital Food Fight. Funny, engaging and a caring heart!
lol, I'm the guy in all black, above the little kid in green, screaming at Navarro
better u shorty(:
Gonna watch #Glee go to Nationals.
#Roial is definitely the best kept secret in Austin. Awesome rooftop. And staying true to Austin, eco-friendly of course.
Yes...always..just can't seem to find you!!!! LOL
I'm game
Think imma delete my facebook....
Or a water on the rocks. Lol
Wis. Gov. Scott (Little Hitler) Walker is the biggest "slimeball" politician I've ever seen in the State. Only the Milw. DA can get him out.
: Make sure you all vote for 'Chasing The Sun' over at !
Why would the age matter -- serious question
deadass when did I say that
Do you guys like Hootsuite? I need a way to streamline everything so I can stop going fucking nuts. Social Media robs the writing.
Holograms got people losing their minds! Smh. What about the real news, and the real stuff going on?!
<U+314B><U+314B><U+314B><U+314B><U+314B><U+314B> to funny I love it that you are slightly out of reality, like me
ground fresh and on dee way!
When i'm having a bad day or i'm pissed off i listen to eminem...he will always be one of my favorite rappers <3
Make a Space Jam reference, acquire friends.
Me too! Ill be the crazy aunt who gives kids their first David Bowie albums & takes them to see the Cure :)
I got my lip and tongue pieces,what else should I get pieces? :-/
Yeah Patty
The duo in Seattle who emerged this year. Had 34 combined interceptions/passes defensed between the 2 of them
Doubtful - $100M beats school any day.
The Catalina is coming together great. We'll have deadmau5 confirmed before you know it. ;D
Cannot believe some bullshit has me up this late....
How someone who spews such vile like Rush can have a national radio show is beyond me.
RT : Male Breast Cancer- How to conduct a self exam. Print and Share HIS Breast Cancer Awareness brochure;...
HEY I JUST MET YOU, AND THIS IS CRAZY BUT HERES MY NUMBER. SO CALL ME MAYBE.
Comics is work- number of panels done this weekend: 63
u always been silly as h*ll!!!!!!
45 minute gardening jag - filled a garbage pail with extracted herbiage - that time of year - feels good
Trying to upload the West Region Howard Hanna Rally video to YouTube....does it always take 8x as long to upload as the video is in length?
it should play out
It is NY. They would boo their own mom.
Checking out Akron Family...
fans stay devoted to me
Happy Passover and Easter to all.
crazy picking the Patriots to get 3Ls in a row!
you have a stance on the office.
There is a Hackathon scheduled for June 9th and 10th in Chicago. Build web, mobile and cloud apps using your tech of choice. Details soon!
Adversity reveals genius, prosperity conceals it.
I don't what it is but I just feel this way about you...
Very tired after a busy weekend but gathering steam to go see the Rebirth Brass Band at the
#mptech #socialtech Great insights! Kudos for sharing Cisco's programs that help its channel adopt social marketing
#kids Mother's Day Brunch at Fearing's Restaurant at Fearing's, Sun, May 13 11:15a: Fearing's Mother’s Day Brunch features a special...
Haven't slept for 34 hours. Jetlag! EST->PST->GMT->CET (in a couple days)
I think #SOPA and #PIPA are good ideas
you and Drama will most likely get married on a Wednesday so....
How the hell do you throw that away...typical United.
Netflix with mom and daddy! I love this <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B>
those summer memories are just around the corner!
When your heart is giving you weird vibes about something... then it means you shouldn't walk that direction!
lmfao you are so retarded. All it said was Beliebers so you tweeted her? What a sensitive little cunt you are.
morning love
favorite place in Nashvegas?! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Is it texting while driving if I-5 is a parking lot? (YES I'm out of the car...no WiFi ON I-5)
One Band, One Dream, One Brit, ONE DIRECTION
Two days of productive meetings in New York, and a couple of great Red Hen Press readings at the KGB and Poet's House. Ready to head back...
Happy International Archives Day!
When giving your mate a gift, remember, presentation counts!
Time for some serious McCoy magic.
All Systems Go.
Virginia is mad HOT . followers ?
110,000 people at the Michigan game. But why does it seems like it's so quiet. The place should be rocking right now.
Hello #ila2011 attendees! We're in booth 606! Stop by to see and
you know I'm only kidding , but good ! Can't wait (:
SIN Night | 5 p.m. to close. $5 PB&J (PBR and Jameson shot) and $3 U-call-it on select liquors.
startin to share some of my new music on the DL with some of my closest niggas. if you wanna cop a listen, hit me up and i'll tell you nah.
glad ur still alive
Whether you think you can or whether you think you can't, you're right. #ThinkAboutIt #MakePositiveChange #BelieveInYourself<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
Apparently San Diego is a REALLY tough place to forecast weather. Weather monkies on TV - I want that job!
thanks for the RT!
Adding "Watch c-beams glitter in the dark near the Tanhauser Gate" to my bucket list.
Getting ready to change the name and design the new Twitter background! #zapcash PLS check out the site for all your acne products
I think its time to change my profile pick anyone along with me ;)?
Anymore numbers with questions&ill answer your question&which IB looks best with?!
a zombie? Really?
Thanks for follow. G
Pretty sure our hot water heater has finally kicked the bucket...
My brain only has so much room...so...I wont be filling it thinking of people who only think of themselves...
REAL PPL DO REAL THINGS!!!!!!!!
Deadly force should ALWAYS be your LAST option.
Okay I'm done lol
damn! U have a little hail! Lol
Claro :D ire! honey!
Loud ass kids <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>
After ruling out anemia, check for "pseudoanemia" Dear Running Doc: Last spring, I decided this would be the year of my first triathlon.
Yesterday's 13-4 W was out of character for the #Marlins, just their 3rd game scoring in double digits.
are y'all done?
That's good! I'm happy to hear that!
gave me a chance to prove myself and be apart of a quality project u & are gonna do it big u got
I was scoping the crowd for you, but got all lost in the moment with The Ataris. They didn't play Your BF Sucks last time I saw them.
oh wait, I get it.
Crap, sorry to hear it.
Threw out my back playing roulette. I'm THAT good.
Ouch, nothing worse than a tooth ache. Hope u feel better.
Thanks for the love on the New Rules of Work!
yes i am new, tryin to get the hang of it! Can u help me get some followers pls
Some people weave burlap into the fabric of our lives, and some weave gold thread. Both contribute to make the whole picture bea
Though I always play to win, I always seem to lose
why do ppl try to impress some1 else??? STOP being a make-believe-person and #JustBeU!!!
I see now that being nice does not get you very far...
girl that's a mission
We are so #grateful for friends! RT thanks for the new #FF > really Like what you are doing locally. :)
Our winter auction is live now! Bid on autographed items including an exclusive drum head signed by artists on the 2010 Vans Warped Tour!
Something......Something...Dark Side Something......
yo, come to NY for the Worship And Tribute show
Yum that sounds delish!!
Yep. Very wise words. Stuffing face with cookies and Bacardi instead.
I'd like to wish all the best to & all the students at as Final Exams start tomorrow! Do Great!
Great turnout to the UCLA, Cal, UCSD Picnic at GasWorks Park in Seattle sunday! 150+ Alumni & friends.
you know you broke the record for most views in 24-hours right ? (: yay
awe katie I like that saying
I hate you. Unfollowing.
do u see what I see??
thanks very much for following. cheers!
Check daily to see where we will be Serving San Diego by the Slice!
I guess im heading to Eau Claire tomorrow!
thank you for following!!
Make sure to attach it to goals and measure outcomes, though.
lol good one!
Hay betch!! You gonna be there?? It's Noel by the way ;)
At the end of Katy's Call Me Maybe video she's like, "We love you, Justin Bieber!" so I think it's time for the fan bases to unite.
Maybe he would've felt better if he were, say, 26?
My birthday started off good :-) I just want some cake mann
wait so how do we get in it?
please be sure to ask about MV flooding. Rik is the only D7 to actually walk MV to address their concerns
a picture? 0_o
Fact of the Day: The average number of grapes it takes to make a bottle of wine is 600.
Asian Persuasion
New polls shows that Santorum largest supporters are white male evangelical Christians and the Tea Party
We're not answering you because we don't like you; not because we're tired.
Niggas in parris has to have one of the sickest beats ever.
i never owned a pair of Air Force Ones, b/c i didn't wanna be like everybody else..till this day.
RT : E-books are the fastest-growing area of book sales, especially for youngsters: New data from the Association of ......
the west coast hippies... Google it :)
Had a lovely chat with the folks at today. Look for the story in the next Thursday.
Oh my!
Unless your name is Rashon Dunmore i really don"t give a fuck if you like what i say our post so stop all bitterness in my inbox men/women
"Yea, from the table of my memory / I'll wipe away all trivial fond records, / All saws of books, all forms, all pressures past"(1/2)
Thank you for the shout out!
we were thinking the same thing at the same time:)
You're Welcome :] and really?, i really like it! <U+2665>
WTF IS YOUR PROBLEM.
I KNOW! I retweeted like ALL of them earlier lol
Nice Catch!!!!!
Awesome time hanging w/ and Troy. I think they need to move to Tucson... just sayin'!!! I know wouldn't mind :)
I'm getting a sinking feeling that in the future obituaries will simply be a name and a Klout score.
big bang theory <3
#2012 I need sum new down ass birds lol
Happy Friday everyone! What does everyone have planned for their weekend?
orlando show was EPIC<3 it was the best night of my life,i cried the whole time I hope u put tht pic in ur room i gave u of us!
lol it was a joke... YOLO means You Only Live Once
Monique just got robbed on
Do I look my age?
I got my dad a picture of Congressman Weiner for Father's Day. What? He appreciates the finer things in life.
good job trying to stump during his presentation cc
I can't leave...the bartender is not taking care of her tables so someone has to.
My dad is so annoying singing bob marley songs across my house.
2. T. Meadows 48 mile from Valley. Not 2 crowded. 7 great day hikes around the river--good 4 all ages. 10K alt.
I know what you mean. I always feel like I need to emphasize everything...
Now Playing: "Blunderbuss" from "Blunderbuss" (Jack White). Love the pedal steel guitar.
I tell her my dick can't breathe, she gon' give me CPR
What a great night! surprise:)
Wheelchair Rugby. it is a sport, and it is full contact...
Who else misses that sweet summer weather?! (.__.)/
I,m having BIG fun playing Gospel music! It,s very demanding+rewarding.Gospel music still LOVES+needs us bassplayers...for REAL!
My cats seriously like jumping all over my laptop when I'm on it.
Keeping it in the family
pissed. Don't even start with me.
Politicians should be limited to two terms. One in office One in prison
theme song live now is always killin it - Bright Lights Bigger City!
Congrats! I know how good a feeling it is to have that off your chest.
Leaving the Amazon in 5 hours. Exhausted. Happy. Grateful. And daunting to think I have to sort through 1 tB of amazing film footage :)
have not started yet, idea, make a video and post to share this info with us : )
U are the SHIT...Just saying ^_^
Checking out science bag at UWM
kids have strong bones n metabolism for these sort of things....aye cant u call her school n tell her to get on the bus
please #bieber4potter help an incredibly strong 8 year old and get to meet her.
Karma is, no joke, a bishh, & it's finally biting your butt!
you coming to ou?
Buenos Dias Everybody! You should have some Papaya for breakfast.
Manning and Broncos
Could agree more! Will be making a special trip tonight! :)
Any plans for the first day of summer?!
Good Luck Danny
"You should really wash your hands" as I hand an id back to him.
Today feels like Thursday
Woah! They're starting to notice me :D
I need some Steelers football in my life.
If you treated her right you wouldn't have to worry about her leaving you for someone else.
Week 1 continues with #P90X #AbRipperX and then shoulders and arms.
Thank you Vuvu... I know you do. I know.
is finally doing her nails omg
Each night, when I go to sleep, I die. And the next morning, when I wake up, I am reborn. -Mahatma Gandhi
Wilson is#1 baby! Check in MV!!!!!!
I dont want to do this paper. I feel like poop. #DarnYouAllergies!!!!! :(
Hey, and , what was on the scanners tonight re:fire in the Bethany area? Strong smoke smell.
Dirty 30 today...and I can feel the change under my skin.
SCOTUS ruled to disallow the indefinite detention of refugees, including criminals, whose home countries refuse to take them back.
#sdmayornp DeMaio first ties to his business, then lists many. Dumanis lists her many contributions as well.
People change and forget to tell each other. Lillian Hellman
...and Amy just taught me how to ride the bus.
I'm checking twitter! Hi!
Float will be there. We are hosting our own Symposium as part of it Techweek Conference + Expo 2012 - A week long festival of technology in…
Poynter's Iron Pit Personal Training in #RichmondKentucky has 1 hour sessions for $20.00 until the end of November.
I think about Hayley all the time. Such a sweet angel. It breaks my heart she had to go through so much.
James started a new day care this week day 1 great day 2 not so much. Wish I could stay at home and still pay bills.
maybe :) you never know what's next!
need a min # of white guys in the league
Tell them what to do and they will surprise you with their ingenuity - George Patton
How to find out if someone is a conservative or #libertarian: Ask them where they stand on Wikileaks #tcot #tlot Assange
oh go bucs!! My dad will be so happy lol
How very true--love it! "the best gift is useful + beautiful--something the recipient wouldn't buy themselves but will use + love" via
“: woo hoo. By the way 185 RT” we'll let the results speak.. Looks like your little train is slowing down though.....
Oh Those Judges have it out for Simon and his contestants! Dont mess w/
make it Friday
hey justin my name is loree and i just wanted to say i was wrong about u and im now a justin fan! oh also to say hi! :)
Bad, bad migraine, go away
Onto my third show of friends, dvr rocks. I speed right thru the commercials! Can't sleep without friends
even with spurs having home court huh? It will be exciting. I say heat wins it all this year though.
Free puppies from
....it's too sad.....like Shaunie needs to re-cast...keep the hoe show but re-cast with class
I love the love Dawn. Thank you! :-)
Colts won?
3/16 presents ! Stay posted for more info!
Did u TradeMark it?
not all homeless people are poor , they're just too stingy too buy a home
haha, I bet. She's so nutty!!
Don't forget to tweet #CCDP2012 from and about
how was occupy?
I love your song My World, I did a remix to it
The art to facial "sculpting"is the experience factor. Good judgement, editing, proportion, an artistic eye to keep it real. Skintastic.com
Going though my make up took three hours ... i have a serious obsession with it!
So Who Do You Think Is Better ?? " Kanye West Or Lil Wayne "
I hate having end of the world dreams be scared to go bck to sleep lbs gnfbf lol
Can't wait to see the video!
On Spring Break from Law School .... It feels good!
Big S\O, wishing she has her night turned around for the best!!
thanks haha. Yes, yes it does. Btw I dreamed the #wolfpack went to Ponderosa last night. #gross!
some days craft needs more work than business, sometimes business is the focus....decide each day which is priority.
RT Great to meet you--things very busy right now but will be in touch after Thanksgiving. Yes, #jackbarrett show was excellent!
2day i found out that the singer from Papa Roach lives near us. I like Papa Roach. i find that really cool :D
sure, although I mostly follow medieval-y peeps
Illusion, Michael. A trick is something a whore does for money
Lack of sleep = awesome.
I will be reading it. Thanks!
That explains a lot!
Nice! You've gotta download the #app from -- it's #free! I can't stop using it!
Waiting to get on train. Brewers/Cubs game tonight. Excited for brats, beer and Brewers!
thanks Johnny. It is a team effort but we aim to please.
you guys should have seriously.. He had nothing to say to me thou did he.. When I was yelling? That shut him up!
IDP Dynasty full rebuild. Give Gates/Briggs/M Bush get Locker, Britt, V Brown SDC, Caldwell and Simpson CIN, and D Williams TEN
i see the light now that you showed me the official #movember guide, I'm going
imagine when the kid has tests or exams, he'd run out of time just writing his name. Good luck!
"It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it" —I can't find a solid source so I'm not using it
that feeling when u dont wanna hang up first >>>
Finnaly get to go home and
#thingsisaidinthe90s Kirk Cameron seems like a cool guy
Going to moms house to bake cookies with all the family
Ok.Even though I'm going back to uni for web development, I have to admit a confusion up front. What on earth is #Instagram? I…
tanks God. Or else you'd Unfollow me. Ps u owe me coffee.
well damn!!! can we push both buttons? lol
Let it be Known this How u Made Me..
and Happy Wednesday too!
I would totally not fit into that little area
I can't sleep-_-
Avengers with daddy-o
Licensed Realtor in CA. Specializing in Los Angeles County. Great deals on Mansions, SFR, Condos, Commercial, Repos & Land (Buy-Sell-Lease)
you can have some DC weather if you want, take 10 degrees please!!
happy 45th birthday #kurtcobain. wow- that is insane.
Now that’s harmony! Beach Boys: Fabulous!
okay i'll have to see because I have to start doing flash cards for an exam! if there's ice cream i'll make an exception :)
What show is this?
I can't look away...
do do do do do here comes the sun! <U+2600>
Ok..back to packing people...be good to each other...
This year, mobile began its move into the core of all brand communications. This shift will be complete in the next 2-3 years. www.zesmo.com
Here's a Larry McCarthy ad... listening going solo know lots of folks following his lead
Can't even breathe right now
y u gtta go ta Bartlett
Bitch u wattn wit me shootn n da gym!!.....
Special Slice: Slice: Garlic oil, feta, sun dried tomato, red onion, pine nuts and tahini yogurt
I Had TO Let That Out, Sorri If You Care Idgad
During private tour in Sibelius’s house, the curator allowed me to play the composer's piano. I chose the Finlandia theme. Chills
Hey stand ups, no more joke about Google auto-correct ok? It's over.
!video cam shuffle on www.aaron.tv
recording more vocals today
Sauna time:)
stephaniebogus, thanks for following us on Twitter!
“: Lmao RT : And its the ones who deny it that are the craziest!” <-------
He has no enemies, but is intensely disliked by his friends
0_0 oh sh*t RT Left-handed people are more likely to be schizophrenic.
Just take "frankly" and enjoy your last hour alive.
Man, and how! Just gotta keep communicating and working.
lol i love you
Yay! Although I've learned that this whole kittens and yarn thing? Totally true. Can't knit with Leroy in the room.
the greatest love of all is happening to me. #whitney RT : We love !
I know its mothers day and all but today really belongs to Lil Boosie.
Bout to go up here n vote
Just finished watching #JustWright with and great #movie.. Gnight #twitter, I have a race tomorrow :-)
um, yes please...!! I just took my acrylics off...in desperate need of a mani soon! ;) RT :
Aw, thanks for that, Marina! Happy Thursday to you! :)
that is an understatement, the raider game was atrocious. It is clearly the worst in the league and the city n GM could care less.
Txt the number. Im bord AF now
yeah everyone tells me that. I needa meet those two haha
been doing not so hot at work for months now... what to do what to do? All I know is it ain't gonna do itself.
RT : Today your heart will be unsettled by guilt and shame or you'll run to and rest in the grace of Jesus.
“: I really feel like I'm not good enough..”
I'm just not a fan of qr codes.
BARAJAS AT FIRST
Go to hell you stupid fucking cunt I hope you die!
- Welcome Merry! Thanks for following! Robin Lynch Aerialist
Robin Hammond is finally back home after being detained in Zimbabwe. \o/
giant squid! and... owls! but i already know you can draw those... CHEETAHS. kiwis. and every marsupial! and boars.
Now you tell me. Crap.
Holy crap. Today is the last episode of #DesperateHousewives. EVER. I think my life just might end.
late nights and early mornings
with all the player/coach movement, and I don't know the investigation, but no other teams with similar involvement?
<U+266A>I Am You - From The Bottom
a funny hoax, though. keep them coming!
I doo. I will get you to kiss me before we graduate
I just did this really wonderful film called Map of the World
me too it be so good
Very cool, will definitely let you know if there are any questions.
Uh oh my brother has finally made it to twitter
Guess what! Video Brothers is offering to film one #Wedding for #FREE this month. We are looking to build our portfolio and you could be it!
I also wish I had a computer so I could be working on this makeup work.
#ThoughtsDuringSchool please shut up you're annoying me
Kurt Cobain was a boss
ur such a thug =P
If you can say it behind my back or on the internet, you should be able to say it to my face.
Have you read the Nursery Crime Series yet? The Big Over Easy, The Fourth Bear... awesome sauce.
What a game! KC vs HOU! AFoster has to be the real deal now!
Didn't know you were on twitter! I'm working to get a side project of my own up and running on
Happy Birthday Beta!!!!
Blanket over head makes hangover less painful...
Thanks for the invite <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
is SUPER annoying....thanks so much for automatically charging me for something I didn't want.
Black Swan... a dark & beautiful film
#FridayReads is BREAKDOWN, the new VI Warshawski. Me: longtime fan of VI = one of the all-time great characters.
Mistakes = choices um
was that a rhetorical question?
The greater part of man(or women) rather be damned than be loved........
Trying to figure out how to spend 540 million since I'm sure I have the winning ticket is not easy!
I'm not jealous, I - greedy. If my - then mine, even if someone else - I do not need ...
Cowley says website shows deal between swim body and D'Arcy - Stock and Land
A fun fact about today's date: October 5th is the most common birthday in America. Why? It 's roughly 9 mo. after New Year's Eve. Hm.
From PEOPLE.com: Fergie
that shit look like his lip was dislocated lol
Java? No java, Make sure theres no userscripts blocking anything on the site. Send a private message on Artician to KnightAR
Told boyfriend that when girls get together, we sing Disney songs. He was surprised, then jealous.
Ya boy KERFEW put it down on stage. Way to go.
Umm who won the Ipad from the postcard contest? I haven't seen any tweets or emails about the winner.
i wish i were a coach, i got love for him too just wish he would have chose u
I wanna win :(
FIVE. THOUSAND. TWEETS. As always, i'll answer the next five replies, no matter how dark or personal the subject matter. Gimme!
I can't to arrive in singapore .. left 1 more day . we ! i cant wait to meet him .. hehehe :>
I need to start taking my time thinking through big decisions
Can I just make 1 joke about the election? Ok, cool, I bet Delano is having a victory party at Stadium, I just get that kinda vibe from him.
Yep where u from
it's on!
Tapjoying at the Tech Crunch Crunchies Awards!
Night at home
yeah ! /: He should go to Clearwater beach on Sunday ;b
Much coffee needed for this day of rain, errands and editing!
Oh wow!! So many amazing homes for books!
followed your blog for a while, good to virtually meet.
Thanks Lafayette we had a blast last night!
T.G.I.F. It's HAPPY HOUR time! We're open and the bar is ready to serve you up some Friday night 1/2 priced beverages! COME SEE US!
I just saw your website and it looks amazing!!
Saw Clay Lacy receive the Howard Hughes Memorial Award last night. He had interesting thing to say about Howard Hughes.
Nothing says "let the day begin!" like a little and prowler pushing!
Omg I can't wait until drops this album its gonna be fye. I wonder is he coming to Milwaukee I would just love dat. :)
Just want to be home
Just installed Visual Studio 2010 - Let the good times roll!
On my way to Disneyland with and
no you're a african doctor (:
talking about Sandusky.
Have you tried SteelSeries? They've been good to me. (I'm also a fan of the retractable mic.)
A real woman never let's her man leave the house hungry or horny ! #realtalk"
Cookin my baby daddy a late bday breakfast. #domesticated <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B4><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+009E><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B3>
Alright, password changed, no more hacking! And the rain is gone! Yay!
You guys are more like the Celtics "Champions"
maybe I'm in the minority here, but isn't taking less money in order to win championships what we want pro athletes to do?
Looking forward to your upcoming panel discussion
Take your new white tshirts home and every time you wear it just remember how BBN kicked your ass!
We've got some great exchange students available for great host families. DM us for more info!
love her, kiss her, hold her, smile with her, laugh with her. But don't make her fall if you don't plan on catching her.
spoke to a client today about their imprinted bottle openers and they said they were "FAB". Thank you Dana!
LOL cheated this time I made brownies from a box & sprinkled mint/choc. chips(only available @ Xmas)on top & baked
Watching #Big. This movie makes me so happy, mostly because I love :)
do you know anyone living in N Bloomingdale who's working from home today?
Have you or Jon spoken to Jeff?
!!! Everyone needs to #follow my favorite soccer player!!
Ppl in line are sharing stories of how cute their kids are when they mispronounce words. Oh joy! I say kids should be seen not heard!
Immature kids on this class <<<<<
That's a pretty big group to go shopping with.
!!! I'd heard stories about vendors taking advantage of the not-tech-savvy -- so it's true!
Hey tomorrow is my birthday
hey I g2g sorry my Aunt wants 2 spend as much time as possible with me till I leave :)
So Oprah's Gail is at my bar.. Tom Hanks wife is performing.. If Oprah walks in here.. I might lose my job lol
The Rev. Larry Hall this morning: "The gifts of the Lord given in the freedom of the wilderness are better than the fleshpots of Egypt."
After many fortunate events i have 112k (1200bb)..the highlight was QQ > AA aipf with an assist from
Man, this Killer Mike... I know is bumping it.
New Girl is simply the best.
I haven't completely given up on it. It's still on my nightstand. Others suggested seeing Man on a Wire first, I'll do it! :-)
The lineup is set.
You have enemies? Good, that means you stood up for something. -Eminem
Learned so much in the barber shop in the past month, still waiting for my permit in the mail..
People say that money isn't the key to happiness, so once I have enough money, I'll have a key made.
dilly upstairs! X
Amazing weather in Long Beach this week leading up to July 4th! Come enjoy a cruise around the bay and thru the canals!
Been up early enjoying the weather with my kids but now its nap nap time
and a very boring one too
Follow our all-star awards bloggers: & more TK!
RT : S/O Club Rush South Beach
Ya'll, I found some honey bbq fritos today on lunch. Bringin me back to the old days!! :)
just dedicated Mr. Blue Sky on WUMC's Happy Hours!
Went to the Florida mall today. So much fun!
Life is either a daring adventure or nothing at all. -Helen Keller
America the Beautiful has come through her winter and it about to break into her spring. Let the American people proclaim their choice n Nov
Let us all know if it goes to a shootout! RT “: I'm not #winning or #notwinning. I'm #tied. Like kissin your sister.”
I had a Fabulously Awesome dream last night that included - My subconscious is still filled with
Thanks for the #ff Jared! Back at ya, my friend.
Wait, you're tweeting about fries? What happened to the WLJ? LOL
Long day ahead of me. Gotta setup for the party weather looks good so far hopefully it holds
West bound MARTA trains delayed this morning.
Good night of TV,
tHE RING IS SO PRETTY!
lol that was funny
Looks great!
Police:why were u speeding Me: I was going to the store to getOreos. Police: doublestuffed? Me: "ofcourse!" Police"okaycarryon
I'm hoping that's not the case.. this sucks
I HATE EVERYTHING
Perdi la persona que Amo y eso me pone mal :'(
Jordan is the Man.
We posted a new picture of you on FB today : )
My brain is seriously mush. I am dumb. For several reasons.
First bottle of the day going down, and no, it's not for me. To my early birds and hardcore party peeps Happy St. Patty's Day!
hey! The blog will be published tomorrow!
Happy Friday everyone. Cold weather is almost gone! (hopefully) We'll be posting some Friday goodies later today, stay tuned!
--I have to agree... Independent here and seriously looking at democrats....These six (at least five) pander to extreme of repub
That last Tweet is very sad because I went to a good college.
Seeking #software #Sales leaders in #Philadelphia #Detroit #Stamford #Milford #NYC - exp. selling to HR pref. -
I swear im thirsty feel like im rey pass out.
Stronger then ever
I RT more than i tweet.
Best advice i could give never trust people...they arent worth the time.
I just might. Depends on what the plan is for lunch at work.
Hey yes. Blog posts can save files as long as it has the Wordpress plugin. I've developed these...
Just noticed a lady wearing a Janet UCAP Tour t-shirt!... It sure made my heart smile.
Smh @ myself! Crazy
So far so good! MT on air, filling in for ! Tune in
Not when you have a healthy coffee..www.ogcoffeepays.com
did you see Pelto's new post about test scores? Will let you know if I hear anything re Bpt Ed.
upload the pics from last night! So sorry i had to leave early:( hope you had a good time, love you:)
Waiting on that spot on Walnut.
Thanks Uncle
I wanna go out to a party, it's been awhile
You should come to the Kennedy's for your haircut. Call 1-800-31-SHAVE for deatails and great deals!
thank you, see you in July!
My blog is so full of Charlieissocoollike. I REGRET NOTHING!
just said, "What if Tucker took the CPA Exam for you?"
follow if you put him in your bio he will probably follow back. He wants to sing and he's really nice
STRENGTH = going for it despite of our fears! Allowing others to inspire us daily! Trusting our intuition to live a courageous life!
Never spend your money before you have it - Thomas Jefferson
Thnx 4 the follow - What a daunting task you've chosen to pursue, given today's pervasive use of the N-word in many forms.
This room is mine until she comes back
DUDE IT IS HOLY BAWLS
word ok email me something
Of course!! Can't wait to hose the #tasteofkyrene on Thursday!!
Nancy Pelosi is a two-faced hypocrite, and a political whore!
i'm watching game,dope pic.Yo been trying 2 find 1 of ur lines in Point of no return.Can u help a brooklyn jew? Hitme Son!
It is never too early to go to bed, although it may be too early to go to sleep.
yea I saw him and way like hey Claudia , I may go out there. Haven't been to that location.
#mommausetosay you either eat what I cook or don't eat at all
'I want to wake up next to someone' LOL no thanks I look like Hagrid in the morning..
I agree!! Geez
Competition to win 2 tickets - Last Night of the Proms at Palace Theatre #Newark on 28th Jan starts tomorrow. Could it be you?
Especially if its graduates are employable. You should do it. Put the mediocre ones out of business.
Oh ok, thanks J. Good to have a name to a face lol.
noddin my head like yeahh moving my hips like yeahh
what do u mean?
Oh there was a meeting today I was gonna go but stupid theatre rehearsals always get in the way
GoDaddy flips on SOPA. Guess they should have read the fine print. Better 2 b silent & thot a fool than 2 open mouth & remove all doubt.
Was just told i sound like a white word son
That Arizona game was FUN!
Good thing I'm a badass, huh. Otherwise I wouldn't be able to walk around alone all the time.
Picking my Mom up from airport! My bestie is finally here!! :)
Thanks for the retweet! :)
<U+200E>2:00 am and I'm still working on my new website. I'm excited about it! To all of you going to bed now, have a great night!
I love that you are finally excepting that there could only be ONE U of L fan. Way to go
chillin in Temecula Ca. wats do hm lets got eat hit me up Phx Skateboards
Wish I could drink the freshly brewed coffee this morning, but unfortunately I can't with my wicked toothache. Someone enjoy coffee for me!
See you in Zimbabwe! RT : So excited about what is happening this Summer in Africa! Life change!!
RT : Remember to tune into tomorrow at 10 am as we talk with about our partnership w/
Alright so I guess that I am not going to be able to go to my freind's house untuil tomorow.
Yes i do go outside haha. :)
So freakin hot outside.. no air conditioning in this car<f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A5><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A5><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A5>
Dinner time!
Muddy Buddies & lemon buddies?
Lupe Fiasco for
he said sweet dreams. aw dats cute
I could get behind that.
Thanks for the follow
Those smoke free commercials are hecka convincing
party for at my place this sat. come? live music + keg
my cut from the gum package is infected.It was not 5 gum,it was excel.As in I excel at smart things
RT Rick Perry is a religious, right-wing conservative who’s a former pilot and the governor of Texas. Finally! One of those!
You took the tweet out of my Time Line.<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
your guess is as good as mine.
How many in one day is too many ? #MtnDewMouth #two16.9oztoday. #MtnDewCoolatta, I'm thinking #Dunkin'
Roaches should just be eliminated from Earth. They do nothing but scare the crap out of me. is awesome for killing them for me!
And I thought Derby was wet, check out Montreal F1!.
Shout out to all my new followers. Goodnight Twitter fam.
every time i'm in an elevator i'm all "where's cherie berry?!"
bob dylan, willie nelson and john mellencamp tonight...should be a smokin good time on the grass!!!
hi I'm fine thx ? Do u know me ??
We will be offering the same features (and a few additional features) however our services are tailored for photographers only.
Whats your thoughts on a Matte Black car? My favorite is the BMW M3
how was it? shit is hella cheap from what I've seen, not a bad move
do u know where mom is???
boston drive soundtrack counting crows
so lucky!
I don't remember? Hahaha Jk it was perfect thx
so jealous yall get summer hours. R
#Homeland: the show for those who bragged about watching "The Wire," but secretly loved "24"
reason I was asking is I've noticed that a lot of publications delete old articles. Example:GlennKenny's writing for Premiere
its ok ! lol your really good !
Paramount Jam Fri May 14. Free admission. 7-11 pm. Bar opens at 9 pm. Singers & Musicians come perform in our Beautiful Historic Theatre!
No need to be embarrassed! As I said in my post, I should have thanked you a long time ago. Everyone I contacted felt the same.
is looking for a new Marketing Director, send me candidates. I'm psyched to be joining as Managing Partner!
Chuck Norris once said he was a Green-Belt actor. What belt are you in acting? White, Yellow, Orange, Blue, Green, Brown or ... Black?!
s/o => Thanks for the followback
Thanks for your amazing strive for #Academic & #Music. Keep #RockinOn! Great supporter
I like to call it mature in spirit (but not in Twitter-caliber, conference-worthy jokes).
... Sometimes, I hate my family..!!
Swat city bitch.
they should trade Jefferson for a legit PG or SF
Thanks for following! :)
RT : RT : Applying to ? Here are 15 tips to get the most out of an incubator or accelerator...
hi maggie, happy wednesday to you
#FF Thanks for following! Bring on the giggle water!
I Want You Back...HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA....no.
Happy Thanksgiving to you! :)
What doesn't it have to do with it?
It<U+0092>s not what you are seeing it<U+0092>s WHERE you are seeing from.
I enjoy my "pre-game" ritual before I do presentations and trainings. Good music and solitude. Tomorrow will be good
Thank you!
agree, but I'm not going to be bitchy about it?
I hope you get frustrated enough to go punch that baby...
well, i guess it ain't happening
Reminding myself to not get so focused on just living that I stop living passionately.
Getting ready for da club!!!
I love watching Scrubs. This show is hilarious
im good love..jus chillen and playin 2k12 right now. i really want to meet you in person some day, its a serious must!!! lol
Thanks, for the RT on about value of Interior Designers. Keep the word moving...
FL: who is customer for higher ed? employers or students? FL trying to understand programs necessary to move economy forward
Air Jamaica has stranded me from covering Katia Cadet's performance at Caribbean fashion week - a Haiti benefit. Irony: I am with the band.
Girls night with tonight (:
I hope the legs are ready to handle a full day of skiing, can't wait to explore Revelstoke Mountain!!
Studio Time <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083> w.
is wondering what is important right now? never take anything for granted.
Story of my life.
In Monterey for the first day of the Sea Other Classic, Scott is racing in 3 events. Go Scooter! As for me, I'm tired after driving all nite
Wishing everyone in WA a happy and safe Snow Day.
foolishness ch 2
a massage haha
Beginning to think that the fact that you affiliate with dim-witted marble dealers is a sad attempt at rapping in shady Oklahoma night clubs
God bless for showing 4 episodes of #BattleOfTheNetworkStars from the late 1970s ... Telly Savalas + Robert Conrad = TV Gold
#S/O to all the sexy ,independant, gorgeous ladies out there
Neil Strauss New York Times Interviewed me 9 years ago feb 2000 I am ready for the Stories Update ? Homeless to Dreams of the Opry
that's what you think
If you could invite one driver to your house for a BBQ who would it be?
Why is Derrek Lee listed in your projections as the PIT 1B? You guys r better than this. C'mon.
Seriously though, listening to those women read their essays on motherhood #Austin was hella enriching. I'm glad I was there.
Now that is just crazy talk my good sir!
We love you Dwight, Please Stay :-) We just beat the 2 best teams in the East!
EXACTLY....Hey #GoDaddy...it's not just the outage - it's the lack of communication & use of technology
RT : i'm convinced that , things are different and we're not going to be the same .
You rock!
Give the perfect gift- Martita’s™ Guiltless® Margarita Mix
always a good sign :) have the best day!!
No way #nuggets beat LA 3x in a row... But I think they can get the 2nd in a row tonight ... Go
its not the same wen u spend Christmas alone it is wat it is have a good one #MerryChristmas i guess ..
my exact point! Gotta work to make something good
Priest Force One!
Even strippers hate litter bugs, yo.
He ate Pall Malls like Don does, but never drank at all. I'm the polar opposite :)
interesting. I think the gunslinger analogy hold up, though.
It s finally time to....PARTAYYYYY!
Thanks. Have a great day.
School tomorrow. Why do the weeks go by so slow but the weekends so fast? :(
Thnx 4 the kind words guys. WE only succeed when WE don't give up....as your other tweet, RE: founders, so eloquently puts it. :-)
thanks for bringing me out!
Did he offer to make you a screwdriver?
Thinking about your leadership at #ECET2 CONFERENCE! Well done. How's the work?
Tell KLG you will stop being focused "going for Olympic Gold, Like an Olympian" when she goes to a movie ALONE. We're with ya Hoda
YAY! It's snowing outside. I love the snow
Yesterday's quote was the first line of "A Series of Unfortunate Events: The Bad Beginning" by Lemony Snicket.
Day 151: No liquor or cigarettes
this is crazy ass hell
If u wanted to get there u gotta believe
Graham Joyce great writer who crosses genres - literary, fantasy TOOTH FAIRY all time fav - SOME KIND OF FAIRY TALE looks intriguing.
#Napoli are back in it.
Hey Mia. What's up?
Oh the simple joys in life *grins*
is not so good at this twitter thing...but just got a new fancy phone so should be getting better at it.
You just steal my heart. Love you honey. xoxo
Seeing my bubba tonight!:*
how come the bundles are the same price as the regular presale and have more? I already bought the regular ones :(
Back at ya! Keep up the great work!
Yeah, same. RT Everything you see I owe to spaghetti. Sophia Loren
I'm glad I did. So far.
lol I forgot karlees opinion means so much to me...... Oh wait
privacy is key; a good nights sleep is a huge key.
#ItsAlwaysSunnyInPhiladelphia is such a great show. Lmao at this "glory hole" episode! :D
3 days home taking care of Nana and my family has thoroughly reminded me why I moved 600 miles away.
If you are skipping work to celebrate 420 @ Reggae Fest, bring us in a flask. You'll need it to wash down the brownies.
I hate waking up in the middle of the best dream EVER!
Thank you! Mystery solved, Adam. I believe a research mission is in order!
Twice as nice! #cara student Laronda J. secured a position as a Room Attendant at the Union League Club ()! 42 of 310!!!
SPEAK ON IT !!
Too many cops by the airport. Needa slow my ass down.
2 tires didn't work last night, both cars wrecked!
GUISE WHO IS DAVE???????? LOOOOL, GUISE IM SO SLOW.
Thanks for the #FF last week!
I've been enjoying Mass Effect 2 very very much.
Glad you approve.
I googled Port A and it said Port Arkansas, Texas and its the Gulf of Mexico beach or somethin
I'm just catching up dvr'd episodes for last 2 Sunday's. the only live tv I watch is and
u are so hot
it's a total scam too. You click thinking you'll find out the story behind the mug shot, only to be sent to a gallery.
its 11:11 and my wish was for u to follow me please make it come true. :)
not going to happen bob. the meister man and I have been talking about this for weeks
I love post-fights with the BF. "Rub my feet!" "Ok." "Pour me some wine!" "Ok." "Bring me a Klondike bar!" "Ok."
yipeeee I really can't wait #hyper<U+2665><U+2665>
RT“ I gotta strong mind...and a kind heart...with a soft kiss...but i love hard”
Time to work out! :) hoping to have a productive day!
Bases loaded walk works just as well. 2 out of 3 against the NL West leaders.
I LOVE JUSTIN BIEBER
That's just my human interaction at work. My non-work interaction involves other words, like <U+0440><U+0430><U+0437><U+043B><U+044E><U+0431><U+0438><U+0442><U+044C>.
I think who he is just makes it worse. At least for me.
It should be equally divine, if, you know, DRM & piracy could be considered divine. Anyways, your fave part about cover design??
"Seize the opportunity by the beard... it is bald behind." ~Bulgarian Proverb... Last bus. day of 2011... Make a difference, make it matter!
Let anyone who, like me, is against the proliferation of tent cities in Haiti add #no_tents to their tweets
Congratulations to for being named one of Atlanta's best places to work!
Magazines/newspapers seem to be the heaviest QR code medium as far as scanning goes
curious about effectiveness of this strategy The Blue Jays will limit beer sales tonight...
Well I liked the Broncos mainly cause Tebow. So I'm pretty mad about the Manning thing. Maybe Tebow will get traded to the Brownies tho??
Wake up! Happy Friday! Who wants to go to the strip club after work? Let's do it!
Haha.. I remember when I used to rock the black and yellow Kobe jersey. He was one of my favorite players back then.
Lol damn my boy, you gotta stop letting these girls fill your head with lies!
I know, right? Very interesting stuff. Topher's stock went up in my book.
If you ain't here to party, you'll be missin' out on the best damn time of your life.
richard worley always requested laurie anderson when i guest-hosted odd man out thanks for takin' me back with the RT
We see you! Too slow though. Next time man, next time! Thanks for the support, for real.
Good luck today and !
was just being honest. Hope were still friends. ;-)
Lots of opportunity for Android dev's here at
maybe y #brewers willing to fire yost 2 weeks before playoffs RT Royals intentionally walk Kelly Johnson to face Jose Bautista.
Hi Twitter friends. I've moved! Now at ...It's nice over there.
Good morning all. Waking up with my usual morning wood, getting it satisfied by looking at pix of u guys...
Does Isner win four matches at Roland Garros? Hard to say yes unless the draw becomes easy-bake tasty cake for him.
I hope you like em!
sweet dreams are made of this <3
I was gonna make it me and you ;)
The other two Maya Xultun numbers are mediated by the Companion fractal 2448420 minus 1765140 = 683280 x 2 = 1366560 maya companion number.
In other news is trying to end Cam Newton.
Wow. My FB comment stream on #screenwriting books turned into a debate between screenwriters that is like a course unto itself, LOL.
who were yu talking bout when yu said somethingg about theyve been together for 3 years blah blah blah.
Dude! We are so blushing over here!
Downside to fair use is that it is US centric.
Spain bound with !!
First pitch, just minutes away!!
you did it again - can't put down #lonewolf - excellent! :)
Leaders designed methods and process to address organization objectives with appropriates strategies and tactics.
#NITLE was happy to be chatting alongside such great projects!
someone gave me the gift of hope tonight. that is amazingly powerful thing.
Need more ..“: There is more real lemon juice in Lemon Pledge furniture polish than in Country Time Lemonade.”
My pic.. O how I love u happy bday bro love ya
yah definitely. Stokedd on #christmas and the #holidays. :)
Thank you Phillip for following
wow can I search him and add him
Is it trending to fail school? I hope.
Why the cashier breathe @ Krogers smells like Zoo Dirt??
OK, so who’s the real bad guy?
If any poker business is interested in buying large quantities of the last remaining copies of my books, feel free to contact me.
fantastic! Which SuperTarget location was it?
Does anyone use kik? It's kinda neat. Add me if you want. Wetheleanne <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
Raw bar tonight. Start the weekend off right with some cheap Shrimp, Oysters and Mussels!
Let me know if you need any advice or if I can help you negotiate/review anything (I'm a lawyer/contract geek by day:)).
Too much yellingi at those students? Way to use your information from the etiquette class you lead.
lmao in tears at "white noise!!!" Omg hilarious
If NE1 in #Milwaukee is looking to watch Saturdays #UFC fight, is hosting a public viewing party. DM him for address
"i can't think of nothing else but you all night & day. "
lol whatever then<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
it's this basketball player. Just do it.'ill give you some "puss" nuggets.
Cinco de Mayo is about underdogs. Primary day is exactly one month away-- let’s make it another victory for the underdog!
Team Altrient Heads to Los Angeles for CrossFit Regionals
Oye! U could see it as an opportunity to walk from hotel to mtg room without getting cold (con la nieve q empezó a caer hoy).
woo yes! I'll tell exel that you wanna go. He's getting a first class ticket cuz he's a princess
TY for the mention! Hope you had a great day.
no they still haven't found them yet
Hey it smells like lactose in here!!!!
Incubus put on a great show last night. They put so much energy into their performances!
If you are looking for the best essay, term paper, case study, research paper, thesis, dissertation, movie review, book review, personal sta
ICONIACZ FTW for TT #1? I THINK SO. Lets do it, ICONiacz! WOO!
Can I cite your tweets at least? :)
#occupywallstreet protesters just passed 14th and Franklin in downtown with drums.
What sort of designs did you have in mind? We can help you out.
Opening Reception, March 30th, 6-8 PM! Traditional Family Values, BA Studio Art, BA Design and MFA Design! Celebrate our talented students!
Better.... If only just a lil... I feel better<U+E420>
Fans! Have you heard? Tickets go on sale April 13 for the June 8th UFC event here!!
IT'S ABOUT TIME!
And done. Out of 180 minutes, I interacted with a student for 2, and that was to sign her medical withdraw form. Ah well. I tried.
Thanks Buster! :) testing out some new bells n whistles on our website www.centralcacluw.org New Twitter widget!
This page got hacked follow me on my new page
Got my hotel reservations for AWP already. Seems like forever away.
100Th #imagine Austin:My heart longs for u,My soul dies for u,My eyes cry for u,My empty arms reach 4 u*kisses u passionately* -anna
Good morning loves! Question of the day: what is your astrological sign and do you think it suits who you are?
Wow! The things I learn on a daily basis.
#ILikeObamacare because I may not always have employer-provided health insurance. And you might not have it either.
check out the Dance Dare on my profile (:
That moment you close the wrong tab
I'm ok with a wicker park day. It'll be like crossing the border, how fitting!
Lifes a bitch and than ya die
what happens if you know the one that's chasing u is a prince, but ur into chasing the bad boy right now? &thanks ;)
You're right my brother!
I'm not. I love cosplayers. They're hot. There were just some *really* embarrassing ones out yesterday.
Today my life begins.
show me?
Studies have proven that 6 out of 7 people enjoy gang rape
If its not a game...why follow rules? How about following your heart and doing what makes YOU happy.
thanks so much for the kind words. glad you find the info useful.
If you haven't been outside tonight, you're missing out. This is better than California weather out here. Feels like a
wow bitches love silverstein
"Love is short. Forgettng is longer."
Make it a great day, your "Network"= your "Net worth"-BH
known i have kept a tmobile account for a reason
I'd beat the hell out of them...
If you play enough monopoly or risk or poker, you will walk away with new skills. at
Thank you
I was bored this week so I bought a house.
#Decoded is the campaign we discussed in seems like a nice guy. Should I buy the $35 hc? What do you think?
michael cera is so cute
Are these fans really booing this man and he might be hurt? Where dey do dat at? Oh Memphis
thank you Miss Vannette : )
sounds like you got your party on last night. hope you're feeling good this morning. :)
Just when I thought I get I break, I was wrong. Classes ended yesterday at 11:59pm and new classes began today at midnight. Sheesh
im signed up for the um/msu game in february...happy GLI over in 4 hours!
None wich are on the weekend.
Derek Fisher says former teammate Lamar Odom damaged reputation this season, looking to bounce back in future Derek Fisher said La
How many dj's would jump at the chance to host a radio show on the internet?
This is annoying.
Check out our newly holiday-decorated store @ this Friday's Night of Worship & get some early shopping done w/ fantastic Christmas SALES!
no problem!
why is yovanni out now
Paul Heyman just saved #RAW tonight.
Thanks for your thoughtful tweet. Your mother is indeed lucky to have such a lovely daugther :>)
I will get her that if you like it too. Can you think of anything else? Or flowers maybe? I didn't want to get another massage
I find you have to be inspired or it totally shows in your post.
hey.every.body..a...ask.mi. if.mi nuh have a profile pic. if yu wah see the pepa.skull.guh.pan..mi.porfile.an.click.photo's. yu..zeet.smile
New week starts soon... why do I feel like I didn't finish the last one?
>>>offensive generalization ahead>>> Women talk about childbirth, men talk about speed and engine size. Any correlations?
A bitty boards the red, sits by me. I hook into my earbuds, hair must have brushed her. She SLAPS me, yells, changes seats.
Got it.
What good movies are out to rent???
Theres more topics trending for adam yauch then there was for whitney houston, guess the world isn't so bad after all
“: My life, my choices, my mistakes, my lessons, not your business.”
lol jk... what are you doing this weekend
I'm not racist, I'm just terrified
Boutta go hit a quick block!, then get ready ta watch Miami beat them Knicks!!
CISPA just passes the House! Raise your awareness on your liberties bring stripped right from beneath you!
looking for counsel to help in establishment of a benefit corporation.
Stop believing and there goes your dream. Start believing and continue to persevere now. Be like Austin. He's an example. I'm proud of him.
this was before I knew I did! :-P
So yeah(;
Hollywood, you can stop stabbing art in the heart now... you've killed it plenty
Bathtub shower construction - day one! There is a rainfall shower head in my future!
No, we're not going to get to 100 pts., but it sure was fun!
thanks Michael glad you enjoyed it
Making the rounds with (the future Mrs. Casinocoach).
ur welcome :P
Is Austin only staying in NYC for 1 day or?
ATTENTION MAHOMIES! Once It Reaches 12AM In Texas Trend #happybirthdayalex It's A Prank Were Pulling On Austin Let's See How Austin Reacts(:
we did! Think it sounds great
wanting to give up but can't <
Leaving the kitchen.
is that fishing pic actually happening?
soo someone stole my ipod. O.o i N E E D my ipod. i think i might just cry. #ineedmyipod!
POW! Great job today!
Tonight starting at 6pm - Last week's episode of Downton Abbey, followed by the all new Episode 2 at 8pm
Good Morning Oregon! Today we are offering Top Cash for your #vehicle with an excellent offer that you won't refuse.
RT : T1: Those entering health care now are expected to understand SM in my opinion. It's part of their upbringing.
Wow, looking all professional on "Depth Chart" last night!
where did u go?
chip off the ole GF block!!
O'Malley signs environment, social media bills - Baltimore Sun
yup Definitely felt it in the Sunset - 23rd @ GGP
wow. what an exciting few days so many line up and touring announcements. which one sounds better? #BDO2012? #fieldday? Bon Iver?
Ready for bed and its barely 1pm...
Ya when the only good song was the intro.. Smh RT Remember when Snoop Dog was signed to No Limit Records?
RT : Opening plenary w Kavita Ramdas--Global Education for Gender Justice. Conference hashtag:
Committies are forming for review of the 2012 Building, Fire, and Mechancial/Fuel Gas Codes. Contact me if you are interested in serving.
Currently on the set of Motel Hell near Chicago....
does Cape FOWLweather have chicken weather or turkey weather?
they are doing it for Chipper Jones too! Idiots
Thank you!
Saw the Avengers, which was obviously awesome.
Very happy about stem cell research news. Hopeful for a remedy for sickle cell disease.
lmaooo “: How did Katy Perry even go out with that piece of shit?”
Hurry up and get through your lst day. We need the complete wolf pack haha.
Got to the DR's office for a 9:30 appt. Still waiting @ 10:15! Why do they think their time is any more valuable than mine.
Making new friends.
Me: mama I love you Mama: girl you know I love you too Me:but I love you mre Mama:huh? Me:ctfu
haPPy HumP day Jay!! thx for the follow gotcha on the
The Hunger Games movie.. <3
CHICAGO! I'm broadcasting LIVE on at #VerizonWireless in Lakeview on N. Clark w/ from the #Bears!
good night love ya!!(:
Thanks for all the tweets from #EdTechForum. Happy to be able to follow along!
The #24HOP has begun! Stay tuned for more updates on all of the chaos!
When Cher and the boys tweet... <3
Thank you so much for the wish. I don't have children but appreciate it regardless. You have a great day also !!
All HCPL branches are closed today. We will reopen tomorrow for regular hours.
Krejci just cannot finish anything right now.
O.O ": If there is a zombie outbreak in Vegas, does it stay in Vegas? #mindblowing"
nice man! I am checking it out. I dig, especially the drum samples on the first track (all i've heard so far)
hey hon! Great new products! You have been busy.. check your DM's too! :) xo
that's freaking awesome meowlove! So proud of you, and your girls!!!
Who's pumped for the show on Saturday!? Cowboys And Indians and Oh Sleeper!
While considering adding my Latin Jazz show, i hope that you had the time to listen to a podcast of my show.
Congratulations! That's wonderful and very well deserved.
am I invited to it little party gathering with Cody hmm haha jk
What not to do for an 8 am call time, show up early.
u know Cotto weighed 146 the fight before he fought PAC right? So 145 didn't exactly drain him. He said it himself. Bozo
I am so RESTLESS.
Happy Friday.
Not the marjiuana part! Boo that haha... Freak'n NINJAS OMG!!!! Thats something you never would expect to happen.
That doesnt mean i wont sneak out later tho :)
Correction: Kroger's #Searching :P
How about a follow. I swear I seen you at the gym the other day, but I know it wasnt you..could be your twin
“: my feet are literally destroyed from last night” feet aka entire bod
each of these: fantastic band names!
Art of Beer tonight at Sac Grand Ball Room. If you aren't up for that, it's also Firkin Thursday! More than one way to get your Rubicon fix
lets begin getting sued asap !
dude we should go to twitter everyday
Evansville's Forever 21 is crazy right now!
Cant FUCKING sleep. Woke up completely sore. What the hell.
On our way to NYC!
I got some thangs to run by you!
Anyone else think Capri Sun's are way too small?! All in favor of the 32oz version say I..!!
Hey followers! This is my new twitter and very soon I will be posting links to my newly recorded music/videos!!!
She said "I doing the jerk so much made me forget how to skip forward!" O.o
Clipped hair up quickly to get it out of the way & DH complimented it & said I looked like a Fraggle.
Why would you publically retweet your answer to a question that`s in the middle of a convo? Oh, right. Bloggers think highly of themselves.
Too many crazy things happening to let my kid run around by themselves anywhere..
I'm anticipating a blowjob from Carly Simon.
Just finnished a crazy #Ableton performance . . . Received a lot of good feedback
Oh god. My Facebook spammy ad has now changed to "meet women interested in guys that are over 30!"
Next season though...
Why do my ears eat my earring #soanniying and
Im good whats on the agendaRT : What's good
PEOPLE SAY YOU DONT KNO WAT U GOT UNTILL ITS GONE..........TRUTH IS YOU DO KNO WAT YOU GOT YOU JUS THOUGHT YOU WOULD NEVA LOOSE IT
I gotta take a piss everybody
Looks like another cold day out there, but at least there will be sunshine
New Opportunities -- Bigger Deadlines!! I'm looking for that gut punch!!
haha! actually, i took venice to lincoln to washington to via marina! and once i arrived, we all discussed how we got there
Soo im getting sleepy all of a sudden
Everytime I say something her response is pause the tv "huh"
Bored.. Gonna go make a picture for in photostop.
RT : flattered, there's a lot to love about Wisconsin
Dancing rehearses xoxo
just like republican voters' opinions!
no links. It's just what I'm hearing.
First LA rain ended with me zooming by everyone on the freeway,getting to my destination probably 30 min before anyone I passed
If you still creep, you still care.
There is a new sherif in town.
nothing. Just bored. Talking to you know who (;
--way to put me on, playa. thanks!
Where do sick Bumble Bees go for medical care? ............ To the 'Wasp-ital' ! !
#InstantTurnOn women with nice bodies
Love her hate her say what u want about her but u have to admit #britneyspears can dance
Yep I wear Tom's..
Bye, talk to you tomorrow! :) xoxo <3
People come and go...It can be really sad and hard to let go, but you have to stay strong no matter what.
Surprise guest dj at Supperclub tonight turns out to be the and they are living up to all the hype. Its insane in here!
Both are on sale all week, yup. Coen Brothers is $25, FIREFLY is $28. Both BD.
tika - apache software that can parse many file types. but can't deal with files > 2mb
Hovnanian ran through the CSO principal audition list for us in rep class tonight. WOW - amazing!
At the Committee on Library Advocacy mtg. Carol Brey-Casiano a great chair, OLA staffers Jackie Finnerty and Marci Merola- awesome!
Nice out and work sucks!!
I think it's funny how everyone is going to Ms. K's walk but no one went to Mr. Williams'
That's amazing!
Flying back to NYC. I have a photo shoot tomorrow!
Damn it I wish John Wayne was still alive
Oh man, obviously desert tables are what people who live in the desert call dessert tables
You need to come here in June for global artist showcase, then I can hitch a ride back with ya.
It will find you and it will need more editing than ever.
I'm in a room full of animals. Then there's my kitten.
I'm gonna vomit on this guy.
u would b amazed at how your words can affect others
The Silk Tie likes Paul! Cigars, booze and ties are our motto, thesilktie.com
so true. The way the offense has been so hot and cold it could be a coming out party for this kid. Let's hope not
But the cinnamon was the BEST part! GL on the presos and shoot today :)
I was totally thinking of you after it became the 24th and I was still in labor. Glad she came when she did!! :) :) Happy Bday!
I kid you not just entered the room to "Eye of the tiger"
love Halloween wknd!
did you hear who fucked her??
ets - happy friday! murdocks tonight at the mohawk w/ the war on drugs and 'til we're blue or destroy.
Digital magazine pricing is the worst. $5.99 an issue? Sheesh!
Your right.. Usable is kinda a nebulus term.. HA
weird I was gonna tweet that about 2 hours ago...
Worshipped @ Zion Baptist Church in Shreveport where Rev Brady Blade Sr delivered the word with a voice full of nuance and wisdom.
Right you are. On to the next one.
I'm done with patients today! I want to go home already
im trying my best love
The michigan st. Vs. Wisconsin game was amazing all the way to the buzzer! Michigan St. Over Wisconsin 63-60
that's a joke lol ": Faithful women ALWAYS win. ;)"
Banging on the door will not make me take a faster shower;P
Nice see you as well. Sorry to say that wasn't me but enjoy it regardless!
seeing my boys Jason Aldean and Luke Bryan with !!!! wish you were here!
thanks for the follow! also follow
I would give anything if i could just go back to sleep
shea IS SO MAD AT HALVO
editing until Thursday.
Hope my niece comes early and I get to meet her today :-)
BIG Thank You #AutowayToyota for the generous donation to the #CysticFibrosis Foundation & #TeamBreatheAndFlyFree We<U+2665>U!
i almost left the picnic not even an hour after i got there, ugh i didnt feel good but my bff helped me feel better..sun<<
you will you will you will
It happens...
...All About you.
maybe it has to do with like the release of the ball? Idk. Haha I've never gotten hit in the face at bat
Hollie did awesome tonight on faithfully.
Overtime hockey!
That head-nod guys give when guys see each other.
Welcome new followers.
No, no, no, there will be beer served in cans with camouflage wedding date koozies that say "the hunt is over."
way to tweet proofread, bro.
Thanks for the follow TrollFace "CHECKOUT" Meech Dogg's JUICED UP on youtube. Please "HELP" us gain more fans tell some friends...
Fuck math dog be a rapper instead!
aw dats what's up where u from
but who will play Bowie? Tilda Swinton?
Brunch in bed, now work, then The Avengers! Good Sunday :)
Wife just got mad cause I lost my mind cause Bodie from #thewire showed up on Blue Bloods.
Shes waking up ?
good job. I'm proud of you
And I'm not wearing a suit for the first day in for-ev-er.
Hey look out for our brand new jazz band called Beretta Grove. They are groovy and handsome too! Very retro
Thanks for making my Dream come true and letting me sing Steve Earle with you
true but sometimes it need's to be fucked back lol...
What leaders, unonymous, ex-in-waiting, boy in the coroner, macrocinema, Wim Wenders, scythe-saw: To know you is to love you is to kill you.
Reached my max follow limit:( will get you all done 2morroooo
Watch my student Bobby Ray Cauley, Jr on #breakoutkings this Sunday on A&E as "Young Ronnie". This is his first TV show!!!
We have something REALLY exciting that we will be giving away next Thursday….
o an for sure ill be back soon spring awakening is getting closer every week!
what's the plan for the weekend?
And a very Merry Christmas to you Maria. Many many thanks for everything this year. You are truly a good spirit.
Thank you. It looks like the #LetEricFollow campaign worked! I can see their tweets...at least for now.
I like to pretend the weight I gained this winter was for a movie roll, and that I now have to lose it for a "gladiator" type film.
Sorry to the ppl who dont wanna hear this but I can't wait until I move to
It is pouring in Portland. Perfect weather for
I show you..she walked up to me today going to lunch n put ha arms around me and said hey boo n i just stared at her like TF
any #python folks interested in contract-to-hire work in the #Austin area?
Lilo and Stitch!.
how come spiderman didn't play the bongos tonight!
oh yeah?! I'm not doing anything for you on Saturday!
Perplexing, and perplexed. Why can't Tiger, Inc. and the Salahis just spit out WTF happened to them? What's going on?!
I don't trust those...
Life lesson #1 today: it's never too early to enjoy Chumbawumba's Tubthumping. Never.
well, I must admit I own a few tv production companies...so I will say you are a little warm lol :-)
Good Morning Outstanding People.
Do you really believe you'll be released in the market place and have a lot that like you? Encourage or support you?
#HawthorneBV at 5-9pm tonight...Rocky Horror will be performing, come and enjoy a bite and some fabulous entertainment#
bo cubs.
Anne Arundel Co. Police Chief James Teare just entered County Council Chamber.. Apparently he plans to testify
if the Browns draft tannehill at 4 or trade down. I quit.
thanks for the mention! May your Tempranillo always be structured but smooth, and complex!
~you can say that again about the BCS. Who are you for between USC and Oregon?
Good Luck to Senior during the 2012 Pro Soccer Combine!
Followed, will you follow me back?<333 I love your icon btw :]
I enjoy iOS and FB games. I sadly will admit, I dropped a 100 on CityVille (never again though)
no it's safe. Relates to our twitter "chat" the other day.
You can only sit and stare at the wall for so long....before it starts making faces at you.
DONE. nat satisfied with my schedule but it'll have to do.
Heart the !
Love family days
"Don't you say goodbye I'll pick up these broken peices till I'm bleeding If that'll make you mine." ~Bruno Mars<3
Some girl commented on the #papyphonevideo "when are they going to stop calling it a band and just call it Adam Levine?" .. I will cut you.
best diet ever
That sucks..you gotta heal quickly so you can get out there and ride with the boys
Both kids have ocean views fun theo school desks. Not too shabby. :)
hey whats up holla at me...
what about me
i know im just one in a million but please make my dream come true and follow me <3 !!
definitely breaking out in hives right now. sh*t.
I can't stand Taylor Swift's music anymore.
RT PLZ! Need a 2nd chance? Know someone who does? IS THE PDX 2nd chance landlords! Call us & share this plz! : ) TY!
RT : How often should you tweet? As often as you have something important enough to say.
I did oops
Today at 1pm Pacific - a darn good and tasty new episode of Northwest Nosh - www.northwestnosh.com - Memorial Day Edition.... sort of
Thank you! Sometimes my raw honesty gets me in trouble. LOL! : great bbw article. As always raw and honest"
My tweets are working again!!! Now can I get 80 followers pls?? :)
Just got home from wok, tired would be an understatement.
": #oomf broke my heart LOL " <--- woulda been more convincing if it was a sad face lol
I love tweeting your phone, your keyboard is <3
Hey how are you doing
only good can come from taking off your belt: either you're ready to give a whooping, you're full or you're about to get some action.
Oh lord. Thought he was a family man? Regardless, surprised she can get any athlete to go out with her after K.H.
yea you right if anything imma just use dat shit to get a bigger fanbase too >.<
Any idea on when Raising Hope season 2 dvds come out?
Get her drunk enough and she'll move in with you.
Enjoyed the WVU game in Morgantown this past weekend. It was very sad about UCONN's Jasper Howard, but was handled well by fans and players.
ME. But you know me.
doing well today. And you?
- Welcome to the party!
#Desk jockey in a #PDX #office space? Come into our friendly NW location for a free consultation!
By the way.... We are 7 min from the stadium.
Bouta go cook sum
Saw last year while working the TriBeCa Film Festival and the film was beyond moving. It's definitely a must see!
put a hurting on them cat. I'm still fiending to hear more of your stuff. GOD Bless!!
About to make sum wings Alabama style
Fans if you missed our annual "Name that Tune", check out the guests mingling. Fun for great cause!... fb.me/Gr6TQsZd
peace out yay
ah, thanks! So, the status is "normal" here. Good to know.
Rain in Barbados...
Does anyone have a (free) QR code generator with analytics capabilities they really love?
I'm pretty sure that's the plot of a movie on netflix. Did you know there are hundreds of movies and tv shows available on netflix?
if our meet gets canceled tomorrow night i'm gonna kill someone.
Make sure you join the #BLACKLIST to stay informed about upcoming engagements, email your info to
Still working on cleaning up my office.
Is it me or does Jeremy Kyle's accent when he insults his guest make you wanna punch him in the mouth! I cudn't go on that show!
Hate tht I luv him so...y cant I just get over him? He did me pass dirty..is it strange tht I still luv n want him n my life?!
5 Ways Brands Can Use Pinterest to Boost Consumer Engagement
WTF WE GOTTA GET MAHOMIES GONNA LOVE TO THE TOP !!!! how is 'everyday im gomezing' on top? No offense i love selly(: buy c'mon ppl!!!
I really am an emotional wreck right now.
If you are at Venice Beach round 3pm go watch my buddy run the course for
morales needed a change and so did Rox. Wish him luck but it was time for both parties to move on
I spent a few weeks in Paris in the early 90's. From what I heard from the guys I worked with, this story is pretty true.
head to brunch at Grazie best in town
Exciting announcements coming regarding our venue!
I could only imagine what the Liverpool fans are chanting about Torres.
i think i found my new ringtone
Selena gomez on the cover of cosmopolitan...really?
NFL lockout coming to a close? If I don't see my Steelers this year I don't know what I will do with myself. CFL? Yeah right!
Sweet. That first weekend of release is gonna' be a nailbiter for everyone involved!
"Wouldn't this be a great world if insecurity and desperation made us more attractive? If 'needy' were a turn-on?"
Everything about this Twitter is vomit-inducing. (Except, of course, for the guy who wrote it.)
RT : Major CIPR campaign is to make PR an attractive career to those communities who dont even consider PR as a job
lmaoo you dumb son
Mr Baker: Who you talking to Bubba? Javier: ....Myself?...
DM me ur e-mail address and I'll send u the invite letter for the Executive Speaker Series event in May.
GZ turned himself in because he didn`t want to be perceived as a flight risk so he can make bail.
<U+200E>"Learning never exhausts the mind."
Read on to learn more about Kirsten, who just might be someone you should consider inviting to your holiday potluck dinner
my feeling are goin thur a state of shock. fml.....im going to sleep. hurt x2
Plane too the dome got me got me dropping another song
I am getting SO excited about my showcase on the 17th!
the better step up REAL soon or it's going to be a LONG summer....
As its 2nd anniversary approaches, I'm joining , other women Reps to talk about benefits of #AffordableCareAct 4 American women.
Check it
If you are looking for tech support and IT consulting in the #DC area, follow
what pic wait u mean my avi
you is ugly
"artistic" needs be in quotes there
Why isn't Degrassi Nowhere to Run going to be on teennick?
My fall schedule will consist of no more than 3 days of class. School everyday sucks.
She looks regular as hell. I mean REGULAR. *scratches head*
Jacketman09 WWW.VARSITYJACKETS09.COM WWW.VARSITYJACKETSPITTSBURGH.COM EARN 10$ CASH EACH PAID JACKET REFFERAL FOR YOUR GROUP 11
I'm sick:/
Am I alive right now?
#100thingsilove dim lighting; I'm strangely uncomfortable around bright lights
me too girl! :(
no it was an accident!
ANOTHER DAY STILL DREAMING AND PRAYING THAT YUH WILL NOTICE ME N FOLLOW THIS BIG FAN OF URS ME CUZ YUR MY IDOL MY WORLD (: <3 1
#crutchlife <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0083>. <~~ me running soon!
ADD US TO YOUR MYSPACE!! myspace.com/thepulse983
This evening is morphing into a blip rampage. I feel it in my blood
holy hell!! why wasn't i following you here?
The iPhone is designed by the white man and manufactured by the Chinese...
Me: "I'm a wizard", Friend: "Then prove it", Me:"Sorry I can't, No magic outside Hogwarts.
In need of headshots or modeling photos - May 7, 2011 Photo Shoot in Charlotte, NC visit www.breakalegtalent.com to register
..."hey, I'll MAKE her think I'm taking myself off...so when she sees I take off Rachel, it will throw her off her game"?? Wha?
RT : YOU SHOULD BE FOLLOWING: &amp; ! FOLLOW &amp; RETWEET TO SHOW SUPPORT!
Happy Friday everybody <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
who, who doesn't like doing homework at 12?!
All i hve is me myself & I & I am perfectly happii with tha...
just another reason I love me some Gary King!
its worth 80 bucks u paid lol RT : Just bought an AUTHENIC Ovi jersey for $80. Anyone want to tell me what it's really...
I love my momma.
you must have changed your privacy settings, because I didn't get your angsty tweets until recently.
The railroading of Blacks in Hearne,Texas with drug charges for political reasons, Based on a true story.
Glad your civic duty won't get in the way of promoting your book. I can rply w/ questions. thx!
Happy Passover my dear friends! Let the Miracle of Passover help achive all your dreams! By the way I need it this week!!!
Enjoying a fire and some on my Friday night. I'm pretty cool.
Up late again doing math homework, I HATE MATH
Ok...second attempt. Here we go.
Catch 22 has a table for you! Plus 22 different #sliders to choose from.
Thanks. And I was still critiquing your ties the whole time. What were you thinking on November 14th?
You jerk, I dougie. You're cool, I'm epic. You walk, I swag. You dream, I believe. You're a fan, I'm a belieber
My baby boy is 3 months old today. My life has changed forever & I love him SO much!!!
There’s a special word for people leave their Christmas lights up year round: Lazy.
If you still listen to our music, refollow us please! We just got a new account! : )
Is your man taking care of his skin? Bring him in to try on mens skin care.
go to sleep lol
Officially in love with One Direction <U+2665>
no finals then SSP
running from the rain -- but can i beat it?
softly ok
They are beating all kinds of odds to even be in college. Tie $$ to GPA etc & they'll lose the $-- 2 no one's benefit
Dying trees can also be a sign of stressed or dying wildlife. Nocturnal #Austin animals are up in the day looking for food/water: not normal
Schiraldi: "First do no harm." Juvenile justice is not achieving this goal right now.
that would be so weird! I want to try driving over there haha
The only thing worse than the Yankees are their commentators
The Metrodome was a lot like Utah. Great place to sit on your ass and stay dry.
everytime i hear roger that i wanna take my clothes of ;)
And we love meeting all the librarians!
Wow. BULLSHIT! Hate being lied too!
“: Good Morning!” blessings to you this morning!
I know, right?!? We should coordinate going to see all this!
gonna party like it's 1999....need to get my motivation pumping!!!
My birthday is on the 8th. Can I get a "Happy Birthday Kimberly" or a follow PLEASE!
If you are on the commercial shoot today, the call time moved up. Check your email!
thanks mom covered up a couple times during the night
really life changing
You like?! That's great! RT : This #SmokeHouseBbqChickenSub from subway...
Picking up a dub sac to last me til Thursday..
Anyone building cars in present day is simply doing a Carroll Shelby impression.
Neoliberal MSM frames ACTIVIST the same way it frames TERRORISTS. To achieve as a movement #ows must rework framework as #activist=american
Hump day baby
That's what's up :)
Just found out i might be seeing soon! #sopumped #imissher !! <3
Baby let's roll with it :)
I was going to say something importa
Got like 20 more hours until im 3 hours away! SO excited!
If you say you love that one female why have other females on the side . That dont make since
omg i might be late, but is that thomas in your twitcon? omg aojsdoiefjoweigf adorable <3
Lets finish strong here
because I'm not in school?
When everyone goes to see Hunger Games and doesn't invite you
come tinychat with us
Hi gud evening
how 'bout her skinny sick friend? :)
brilliant words with Piers Morgan. You really energise me dude! (I'm not a fan of Morgan)
LOL love you too boy
RT [...] My friend was just joking that I should work there the other day. :p (Let's see those moves)
Welcome to the team Elizabeth Valadez, and Katy Koepfle!!!
#67-Brian Waters-G-Kansas City Chiefs
Why, why do I even read record reviews? It's not like anyone's taste is any good, except for my own.
What is autotweet? Sorry for my ignorance. I've noticed there are different ways of retweeting. Trying to figure it out.
Congrats to the Saints the new World Champs of the NFL!!!
Breakfast, movies, and shopping date<3 :)
oh and how did the buckeyes do today??
would love to help! RT : Could anyone recommend a good and advanced online badge-platform (except #badgeville)?
bored @ work
20% of us will spend on a Valentine gift for our pets. Oh, and why is Vancouver one of the most romantic cities in the NW. at 6:30
im tired gnite tweet u in da morning
953 W. Diversey (Sheffield & Diversey) at the Brown Line stop. We hope to see you in May!
I hate getting late to work :(
If I'm a royals fan, I love the Moose/Gregg matchup
It's not just Jimmy Fallon and Barack Obama. It's also UNC Chapel Hill, my alma mater! Wake up and watch! : you alive?
catching up on episodes of Blue Bloods with my hubby. :)
Thanks for the Offer but I already found My Mrs. Wright :) (btw: I'm flavored like #bacon salt) LOL
Huge thank you to & everyone involved in the newest Muppet movie for being so true to the tradition. Great movie!
Welcome, friend!!
Let's talk about feelings of inadequacy, shall we?
My friend & I registered but cant make it tonight. Can we view the webcast at a later time or is it only live streaming?
Bout to stroll to dolci with a sippy cup of tempranillo to erase this day in gelato and wine. Who's coming?
still praying Community goes down, heard you might get into porn as a last option <3
I feel like listening to michael Jackson
Pizza = best food item of all time
Apparently I'm the 2009 version of myself today...Just printed a bunch of 42-cent stamps with the Pitney Bowes machine. :| Ugh.
I'm actually really upset about that picture! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
whats good fam thanks for the follow
Hi AV ! Following U, follow back? thanks
well they needed the help on the glass
When people criticize you all the time <<<<<
Albeit late, this week I just discovered the real beauty of . Takeaway: reddit = NYC & twitter = LA
I'm so glad to hear it! You are very welcome.
Things I never expected to need a bookmark of: the Orioles' home game schedule. Protip: don't work next to baseball stadiums.
watching strange sex with my room mate. haha.
Here we go! Another nice Saturday in Hampden, come and get em', burgerss burgerss burgers, OPEN 12pm-8pm
#Packers are about to draft! Ah I miss football
And these are the types of thoughts you have, when you watch We Bought A Zoo
Patriots for sure if you include trades, but your Texans have done a great job as well. Plugging some holes on that D
oh I thought you had talked to Kim :x but I'll see you there :)
oh yea lol cuhz a clown
So happy the new is out. Happily Ever After is such a good song.
Endless good, some cry music
Dear Karma: I have a list of people you missed.
Lol RT : Sigmas that can Sigma Walk without tripping on your own feet @ me
I'm walking, I'm walking, I'm walking !!!
okey. :) you saw mine?
let me find out we going ham on twitter lol
Before I go, please let me just say this...I'm seriously thinking about getting a dog.
Meek Mill & Drake killed Amen >>>
relaxin...beat up from all the riding..gotta just chill
No Cilantro. M M M
Now A&M gets one back! Score Kansas 2, A&M 1 with 14 minutes left to go.
I wonder what had to tell me? :)
now now mrs! Name and shame! <3
Did you just like a video of a "Hot Brazilian girl Shaking her butt"?? :0 #Shocked lol
just shutup. Like now.
Question is will they launch GG in fall or midseason considering its only 11-13 episodes?
ewwy my braces are like cutting my cheeks, get off fdjkdshjkfsd
I may be a pretty tough cookie but sometimes people can be so mean! Be nice to people today.
WOW! Rivers was the only shot they had, and he knocked it down!!! What a freaking finish to that one.
Lord Knows almost complete
I think Colin Dunlap is the one guy I really cant stand listening to on 93.7; this is including Ron Cook.
Just came from NBC's upfront presentation. Long and monotonous. Nothing new really stands out.
Thats sounds so exciting!
that's EXACTLY right!
#ThingsThatShouldNotHappen leading a girl on, when you have no plans on making her your girlfriend
RT ": I love the men that work for megabus. Really. #mancrush"> you are something else
Oh, sorry to hear that! Anything we can do to fix this?
dat nigga look like a alien in a person's body LO_OL
Thanks for following, Been super busy with this benefit. Pics coming soon!!!
that was a great commercial!
King 2, Churchill 2. The epic continues as the game enters the 11th. Game 2. King trying to force a third.
Kooln is my daily hobby...
Is it weird that I wanna go back to school tomorrow? I miss the constant socializing
I should still be asleep. @
Why has no one ever used the word "snarfolepsy" around me to describe a food coma? You have all failed me.
A good day!!!! Didn't think it was possible this week!!! Big sigh
yolo really didnt make since to use in that last tweet, but yolo. it doesnt make since in this one either, im just too happy to tweet.
822K ppl given $110MM to classroom projects from 230K teachers at 50% of all public schools in US thru
I guess my friends forgot all about me
Moving into an off campus house soon? Don't forget to open a House Account at the Credit Union!
Weekends are a bit like rainbows; they look good from a distance but disappear when you get up close to them. ~ John Shirley
#occupypierstonight new tech innovations (robotics) will continue to reduce jobs available to people. The solution? We need to consume less.
Melo out there looking tired with no legs, no subs, but no excuses despite some questionable officiating they missed too many FTs & Jumpers
i always think they have their own time zone. i look at the clock and it's like 2 in the morning and they're at store..
Love that! What a great welcome to the team! :)
LOL me either oh well. How's life been? Go to any concerts recently? :D
Hey can i have your email and send you out a couple records
Why cant You? Plus you should know all the insider secrets, tips and tricks without which it is nearly impossible to succeed
Writing resume for European healthcare executive. Such an amazing difference in outlook re patient care vs profit
it was fun!! im so mad i didnt win the signed picture tho -.-
Come out for Glades final home game of they year ( 2$ )
probably. They moved there from Florida last August lol.
lol never that's my girl lowkey
hi all -- please join the ucla presenters upstairs in the Cyprus room
Great beach pics on your daily blogs. Makes the reading of them very easy! I am a beach lover, too.
Just walked into an internet cafe in Sri Lanka and smooth jazz is playing. Yess.
Feeling sorry for Bryz tonight. Hopefully Lavi rips into the Flyers after the 2nd and they come out with some heart in the 3rd.
Loved your work as the dad in "Elf."
instsagram came out for android!!!!
Feeling great killer audition, get ready for the ride
London&#39;s Olympic stadium opens with 2,012 hours to go
i love to leave an unusual coin - half dollar, betsy ross dollar, etc. and coin from another country.
Get ready to surrender this wednesday at surrender night club... only!
He's just rachettt
Sweatin right about now! Damn u Wii
One big store. Full of low prices.
so you want your cord but don't hit me up for it lol
I have met some of the best ppl I'm having so much fun
. Hillary was rehashing Bill's social calendar again?
Texas comes back to within 5 of Cincy. Amazing.
Thanks for giving me the credits. :-)
Teach the kids, and the world becomes a calmer place. C our kids' fitness device with price tag too good 2B true right now.
I want to take a quick walk but David Lang's "Memory Pieces" is playing on Q2 and I can't stop listening.
Well today was an interesting day lol
If I had 1 wish it would be 4 nobody 2 have insecurities. They get in the way of great things happening & people reaching their potential.
Excited to see & for dinner tonight at !
Great choices - enjoy!
as a teacher I see significantly more allergies nowadays than when I was an elementary student
Haha I just tweeted for the first time in MONTHS. I guess i'm back?!?!?!?!
They need to move the carnival NOW.
Poon needa let me hold one of them lava lamps tho ..I'll pay him back lmao
never mind my twitter is slow and I just got the other part of your message haha So how's your Saturday going?
I'm tryna get a zip for 4/20 but I only wanna spend like $80 lol
I agree about the effects. Seems too dark. I loved the colorful take from Raimi. And I thought his Spider-Man was snarky enough.
FB has never released a fully functioning/stable app, agree
thank u
Haven't seen highlight but saw twitter feed. Did #Tiger punch the new female CEO of IBM in the baby-maker or something?
Ballpark is packed and livelier than usual tonight.
Yeah fuck depression. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0093>
How old did u turn?
Corey Hart: like a baby giraffe learning how to walk on its own.
Man im still not tired
Happy Birthday !!! Keep getting in Brodeur's crease and we'll win this series!! Let's Go !!!
haha I was thinking the same bout the accent.
Prom season is around the corner and the buses are going fast. Don't miss out on our special, which includes dinner with the 10 hour package
Thanks to all of you who submitted! For those of you who didn't, please do so for our next issue!
Oops. The show is called Fatherhood.
A lion wouldn't cheat, but a tiger wood
Meeting to talk about the big day in Charleston. Can't believe it was almost 5 months ago!
that's absolutely fantastic
It's a good strategy because there is no empirical method to discern whether there are gods. I like to hedge my bets.
First day being 18#great!!
hahaha may the best team win as they say in... nothing anymore :P
there were pages turned , bridges burned , but there were lessons learned <3
#dhtrial 4 geentlemen in bendix court waiting patiently interupted for judge " we could be here all day with nicollette sheridan"
The #Texans still have the best uniforms in the league.
I like all five of those things! Sorry I missed it today. I'll have to catch up this week!
“: How in the world am I supposed to study for precal if I have no idea what to do. #whereareyoueinstein”///tht nigga dead lol
wifi at the Apple store is so slow.
ramirez is scuffling but not worried at all..he will have some big moments this summer.
Is everyone having a wonderful Martin Luther King Day?
it's been 18 days sense I told you I loved you(: and I'll be spending a life time trying to prove it(:
#workWorkwork #letsgo when I get home #workWorkwork can't wait to get these videos out.
Kentucky tried so hard to turn the ball over there
oh my :( That wasn't for you I'm so sorry <3 I feel bad Now :/
I'm making some recipes from your book today! I'm excited to try the kettle corn.
Anyone. Wanna try and get me 5 more followers? :)
that is actually hypnotic to me, I try to look away but I'm fascinated how a human being can have ball parks in their head?
I can't believe you put that in public.
lmao. momma we would be so bored there! lol. all wed do is smoke and sit in creeper mexican bars.
It would be AWESOME if I could find my prescription sunglasses, since I probably shouldn't put my contacts in tomorrow at all.
Classes start soon! June 26th for Aesthetics & May 15th for Cosmetology. Call 773-635-1000 today!
I mean nothing to you, so why do you mean everything to me?
indeed plus video
There were 3 people one had a dog, 2 had a cat, and three had a horse how many pets did each man have? Dm me it. =D
aw love you :) are me, you, and Steph all still hanging out this weekend?
No kidding.
dude, you have tweeted 96,713 times... how is that humanly possible?!
Wonderful to hear! Thanks again. And happy birthday, Rory!
Hi im amanda and my life is a freaking living soap opera
So I am not following anyone now on here who doesnt follow me back... But am trying to reach 1,000 followers, so follow me now!!!!
Funny! Yesterday saw a worker chasing a single leaf with a giant leaf blower machine strapped on his back. One leaf. Just one leaf.
Love does not measure; it just gives. - Mother Teresa
I can't believe that I had lost my phone good thing I have insurance!(:
Mother's Day lunch at P.F Chang's was delicious. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><U+2764>
: As marketers, we can't control what happens on the court, etc. put we can grab ahold to the momentum
Feeling stressed? Take a vacation to Miami Beach! Spend the day at the Spa, Pool or even a walk on the beach. Book Now!
RT : So true!! RT : If you do service right, everything else falls into place.
Time is running out in the #Gresham teachers #Strike - will they walk out at 6am? The latest w/ #BrentWeisberg next
Randi Weingarten: Financial Knowledge Can Be Economic Destiny: Knowledge is power, and in the case of financial education, knowledge ...
I haven't lost my mind, I have a tape back-up somewhere. ~ Anon
we are MEN. we must be swift as a coursing river. men. with all the force of a great typhoonl. we are men.
i love you song smile!!
I need to get in your sight
oh no shit just got REAL! You're taking this shit public!!!!!!
day 2 of #SWMadison was a great success! lots of hard work by everyone involved. hope everyone is excited for the final product tomorrow!
This portion of her film discussed how African Yoruba continued to keep their religion during slavery in Cuba.
THat song go in!!!! IMA START a RIOT!! lol even thoe its crazy af
Yay!! Congrats!! :D
thats what I need....my drawing skills are limited.
Oh my, what a day. Anyone else glad this week is almost over? Thinking about hiding under a blanket the rest of the day. Sheesh.
Friday night: pasta, friends and family around the table. Four bottles of wine and counting. Hello, weekend.
if there was a white kid killed in the same fashion we wouldnt hear a word about it.
Which season are they in now, 4 or 5?
Breaking shit seems to be my superpower.
What do buyers really want? The truth. Via
nice game of spades!
I can't wait till all this bullshit can be over.
I see you clownin w that 33 piece
What kind of name is Catness? Going to see the Hunger Games tonight. O boy...
“: #RedSox, long gone. #Yankees, done. #Phillies toast. Wild card frenzy. Oh, baseball... what a year. #MLB#2011”
Did Usher just die in a car accident, or is this some insidious BS?
Perhaps could land a nomination?
come on dude, that's BS
It's not too late for brunch! We do it every Friday from 11 to 3, with 2-4-1 Bloodies and Mimosas!
Bowl Painting Party hosted by Whole Foods downtown, Saturday, Oct. 17 from 10 am until noon. Paint an Empty Bowl for the AEBP - $5.
buy floss picks. Life changin.
good luck!
There aren't many people at the park. Why are concessionaires so slow?
It feels like Saturday
i just want to sleep... forever
What is your favorite service you’ve used from PrettyCity? Let us know! You never know what may come of it… :)
Looking for some wisdom on dealing with stress in the superintendency.
good timing! they're going to start tweeting locations tomorrow! last time they hit up los feliz.....
14 years later dude is still around , and I still dislike him a little lol // i know the exact feeling
now your turn :D
it's not socially acceptable or "cute." But it's okay to slap harmful texture altering chemicals in a child's hair.
could i get a follow for my birthday?<3
That sounds like fun.
never been kissed only makes sense if you are currently IN highschool. After that it's a creepy mess. brought to you by1999
Tonight though is going to be the death of me. Yay for less than 5 hours of sleep.
We were born to unite with our fellow men, and to join in community with the human race.
From: Taliessin through the TARDIS: "the glory of the Emperor stretched to the ends of the universe."
The halls are no longer alive with the sound of music… :'(
cutest thing I've ever seen.
I say #AngelsandGentlemen should trend for
How can we improve charitable work over the next 15 years?
Yes: the Joyce video game is a secret passion (you decide if Eveline stays or goes; "Circe" as FPS)
What a weird and crazy night.....now i am listening to the pixies .......
Shocked my aunt wit my mechanical toothbrush:3 HIGHLARIOUS!!!!
Take it or leave it cause I'm really leavin
Point is many restaurants missing out on the economic recovery while others are notably grabbing larger % of consumer discretionary spending
Here's the thing about subliminals....real niggas never use em....come direct like a G.
is there a book called #twitterfordummies?
hahah thanks Miela The great things that you get to do as part of the ;. send that email and sign up! :)
thanks for sharing
And the mall's my best bet. XP
That terrible moment when your phone freaks out on Facebook and you have no clue what you liked.. Makes me feel like a creeper:(
- yeah, it's surprisingly bad. Try making additional payments toward principal in their finance area.
Not enough online advertising for us all! That's why Talkbiznow.com is giving small businesses it for FREE!
uh oh!
hoping Madden 13 gives me that passion once again to play!
I think are all cute but Niall or Zayn it would be for me :)
I never show out
Sounds awesome if I can get away from serving Ice Cream down the street I will give it a try. Come on by 4 a scoop sometime
,OMG! You are very very crazy and funny xD Ahaha,good job ma :'D
A pregnant woman: "I can't come to work the rest of the day. I have morning sickness. Maybe it will last the rest of the week!!"
Is hell other people?
Success is getting what you want. Happiness is wanting what you get. ~ Dale Carnegie
Refs wont give us a charge at all in this game, BTW when does the U23 game start?
Grades are in. Let the wild rumpus begin.
NOW FOLLOWING :)
Come In Out of the Rain ~ $50 Gift Card Only $45 until next week ~ Try some Chef Wes Hannah Specials and our legendary Vegan Fusion Menu nOw
I believe it, always knew you'd do something bro. Holla at me when you're ready for the entourage haha
For more news visit www.tncnews.com
Seriously? That ticks me off. I don't know you as a prof but your visibility alone is worth a whole lot.
War horse foundation, a variety of period outfits from where people actually rode horses into battle. Arabian horses.
Today's gonna be a long day
I know some of you are gonna flinch, but anchovies and capers: M.
Follow me if you think I'm cute
I know right
Even with Knicks ineptitude, they will still and always be number 1 in this town regardless, can't say that about his teams.
I hate when people stare at me
I like your default :)
Everyonee please follow <U+2665> GO GO GO HURRY.
it's Cathy's clown
click follow :') x
What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us. RALPH WALDO EMERSON...
Hope I'll get a chance to run into you during GDC then, which party will you be at?
Industry Night Hmu for VIP services
I dont understand how females be posting pics of they feet in open toe heels and they feet be jacked up smh
I just woke up and realized my Mom is getting nothing for Mothers Day and she is going to be pissed for weeks. I don't know what to do :/
And for my next trick...I will now attempt to get out of bed.
Do something that your future will thank you for.
Been thinking about her all day today, too.
By 'all the degenerate gamblers on covers' do you mean 'all of us on covers'?
So FaR GoNE
HAHA! isn't Travis in that one?
Get started-and you've already jumped the highest hurdle in most tasks. ~ Cindy Francis, Life Lessons for Women
Thanks for the mention!
Nice! RT : "Metadata is a love note to the future"
"What are CDs?" - my children in a couple of years
my name is mrs.squarepants
Happy Mothers Day & Thanks For being the Best Second Mom Ever <3 PLEASE FOLLOW ME ?(:
My paperless experiment (paper on iPad instead of printed out) was successful this morning. Use tips to prep, of course.
thanks for the heads up, my lil cuzo wants sum of her perfume and shes only 12
Yall are hilarious! Its quite alright to be "Boo'ed" up on Twitter... Team J-Mat! ;-)
"fondling beads"
Headed to #TimesSquare to welcome 2012!
Insider tip: If you're in the mood for new tunes, give us a ring and enjoy the hold music - it draws from whatever is playing in our store.
Wondering if Konowalchuk's in over his head, or he has nothing to work with?
did you get it?
Bones Jones! 1st rdRT : Bones Jones or The Dragon Machida?
<U+E106>" #Imagine *having a pillow fight* You: I'm gonna kill you!!! JB: Not if i kill you first. ;) *takes shirt off* You: *DEAD*”<U+E106>
Want to go to Alicante or Honduras over winter break 2013? Today is the LAST day to pick up an application! We are open until 5pm.
Join us at Macy's South Hills Village Jr. Dept. Saturday, Aug. 20th noon - 3pm for back to school trends in Hair, Skin, & Nails
but you had a great honeymoon, didn't you ?? Wink wink.;-)
Another (3rd day in a row) OZONE ACTION ALERT has been issued and is in effect until 4 p.m. tomorrow
Well, let's see how long it takes before "Barackness Monster" is trending on twitter.
Mr. Never wear the same thing. Stay flyer than the rest of them
and bring beautiful and customized curtains made in aluminum. they've got any deisgn you want. awesome! booth 2521
don't worry I will always be ME! :) thanks for the support !
Tai, unagi, smoked sake, marilyn roll & Peter #4 roll. Damn tasty dinner @ Wasabi in Citrus Heights.
Journal #2 due tomorrow for current JAMS interns. Get them in before the drop box closes!
Sellers Buick GMC = showcase for how every GM dealership should be. Bought 2 cars from them, 400 mi away
Back to work. Internet is back in
Peace, Love, and Basketball.
Hot mamacita Miley
isn't giving your wife an allowance basically like paying for sex?
havnt been on fr a damn long tym so sup guyz RT if u think mindless behaviours hawwtttt
you and I are each the Prez of our respective Fan Clubs.
thats why we stand by Bo Ryan, he's not a scary coach. I still preferred he try to draw up a play.
So you can email questions now, but then send me a REMINDER on May 9th? K?
At lunch I opted in to 's text message campaign. My iphone tried to correct "cfabrr" to "cadaver."
If someone told you that you were not going to amount to anything. I am here to tell you that they lied! You are more than conqueror!
Everybody's coming out! Now it's time to work the gay agenda. Ding!
A true relationship is having someone who accepts your past, supports your present, loves you & encourages your future.
Pleasure in the job puts perfection in the work.
It's so early for me to be up.
if i say it i meant it
Oh yeah, only you would relizee dat, and he said hey. Btww . only 2 people know about that don't
that's how long I thought they were :O :$ :P
to hot bro!!!
Honesty time: I wrote one post for ESPN Page 2 and, yes, I am a Nigerian prince hologram.
I'm needing some good d right now!!!!!
let's not forget Duke doesn't miss!
Sometimes I wonder why I watch novelas then I remember tht I have no life -.-
I feel as if i am way behind in stained glass
I think has an iphone charger? She's right below me.
What can you do for me that I can't do for MYSELF
Little momma a quarter piece she far from a dime
New Song By Lil Meta - Love To Stunt
Splice chunks.. ew wait no.. uhm Spicy Splice?
Almost got into two car accidentson the way to school and yes, I blame my mother.
glad you have joined ustream... Live broadcasts soon
makin me hungry bro!
Feeling like a billion bucks!
bankroll afta bankroll GET IT GANG we get it
I'll be back in the US next week and all over my 8 online accounts and 4 phone lines!!!!
Scratch that, it's next week. STILL...U BETTR WATCH OUTT
Hey man whats good, I need a PR. Hit me up in a DM if you want to network!
this is one of those days where you need to buy new pants...
I am determined to get followed by you,Madison can you please follow me?!?(:
Can't wait to see tonight :) :)
Today, set your sites on just one of your daily goals. Hold your focus, don't hesitate, just breathe and hit it. #Bullseye!!
RT : CONGRATS to on the 3rd biggest opening of ALL TIME with $155M!!
Forget the risk and take the fall, if it's what you want it's worth it all <3
This new job is kicking my arse!
ditto!! miss you
An appeaser is one who feeds a crocodile, hoping it will eat him last. - Winston Churchill
gets his braces off on NSD ;) <3
Thanks for having us be a part of the #TravelingBin campaign. We had lots of fun helping for such a great cause!
The anxiety for these final exams wont get to you when you know youre prepared
whoever the fuck is blaring lil wayne shit outside better be getting laid.
Hey there..
Hi Tyler! We sent you a message about the release of "Pluto" by Twintapes! Did you receive it? We would love your feedback!
Good to see Carl Povano still sucks, back-to-back home runs to start the game hahaha
I just want to go my happy place right now
That moment when you see the person you like. And your heart starts to race and you get butterflies in your stomach.
The #shoneysremodel is why we didn't get Shabazz. He's a Friendly's man.
Minor Threat.
you both have a beautiful grin. :)
Anyone need custom touchosc templates made and mapped out message me
We have the full description of the results up on our Facebook page. "Like" us and check it out!
The outline for Episode 1 of the new webseries is ready.
The buzzing is so loud, I think my cloud got stuck in a deep data immersive mobile experience…
he's looking at the camera like he knows he's making the entire nation jealous because they are not sucking his hot mom's tit.
pick me up a shamrock shake while you're out and about
Very sweet!
we gotta lot of work ahead of us boys...
I'm not in Danvers. Previous tweet (retweeted from ) is of Pepper Candy Co.
YES IT'S FOR FREE AND IT'S THE REAL ALBUM.
she is spoiled.. JK!
Every major change in life should be towards bettering yourself
"Almost everything has a built-in daemon." Deep thoughts with
WOW! Thx 4 follows from : & then some! #RedShoeCrawl supporters too!
Back in the trenches building a web site... it's been too long! CSS, Javascript, Contact form validation... my head is really full!
Keep up the fight and thanks for your support of USF!
Get a room! :D
who is vincent?? I love my mini mab bag
I always wanted to be somebody, but now I realize I should have been more specific.
Nothing like a nicely trimmed mustache to start the day.
Please support homelessdogmusic launch Jan 2012 PLEASE contact me for more info!!!
Always glad to "meet" another writer ! I look forward to some good conversation!
O_o ": I want to eat Robinson Cano's face!!!!"
Yess he's on our plane! Dance partyy!
yupp , you need to see ya sister sometime lol
Innovation and hard work doesn't guarantee success, it's the PEOPLE that make it take shape. - Pres. Albaugh TRUE DAT!
not a ton I'm afraid, but our guys say that your current app gets de-listed, and you're banned from launching other products.
It's funny because while you meant to call me 15, you called yourself 15 accidentally. CHODE FAGGOT ASSLICKER CUNTRAG
“If you can #read this, thank a #teacher .” - Anonymous teacher
's Manuel Roig Franzia talks story ideas with #icfj fellows. HIs book about the rise of MarcoRubio due out in summer.
You just don't get it do you? You don't think you are but all you do is string those guys along and act innocent. <--Whore.
“: When I saw that Jenelle n KEIFFAH ah official again...at furst, I WANTED TA SMOKE A FRIGGIN JOINT TA CALM DOWN!"
Would most reporters like to be pitched over the phone or by email with a pitch and release? (Sorry if I'm behind)
been really sick and daydreaming bout adam lambert
EWC wish all of the students at Butler University (Official Page) a wonderful semester :)
I wish Twitter had a "trends among those you're following" option. It would help important stuff rise to the top earlier.
GOOD MORNING! HAPPY EASTER!
Dear haters, my allegiance is with the #bulls, ride or die that's my team & we are not about to go out like that
you can reg until beginning of level 5 so 4:30 i guess? im about to pass also but in tally, hope i make it..
Yes it does!! Let's go!
7 or 8, can't remember exactly
Great show!
Heading to judge a high school fashion show. What trends will I see? Perhaps little dresses, fabric poofs and bedazzled headbands? more2come
I don't understand what a majority of these commercials what -.-
Please pass Birthday Wishes from me to SusieQ :)
do that one then! Haha
Today/2morrow special: vermicelli pasta & garlic bread for $3.49. #food truck
Thank you Stephen! He donated $10, he's a real Fun Friend!
ok beautiful I stopped txtn u cuz u never txt me back
Also we're excited to see you when we get back. Congrats!!
I must try!
not only in Vegas. My New York have them too.
Pretty lazy rehearsal tonight and then there was the getting locked out part...
#milwaukee What motivates you to succeed?
Wow, surprised. RT : #METS Per NY Times Wilpons settle with trustee for $162M
It's mind boggling just how amazing that Fair was...
Inside the NBA is going to be epic after that one. Amazing comeback.
#imagine Zayn pulls you close to his body and kisses you.
Supermoon? More like regular-sized-moon-closer-to-the-Earth-than-usual.
Just now got done with lifting and running! Geez that was hard(:
Looking forward to seeing you again, Mike!
cool um soy de las Estados Unindos means I'm from the united states
Maroon 5 is messing up The Beach Boys songs horrible!
I loved Shen Wei's new dance piece tonight. It's COMPLETELY INSANE in a highly accessible & weirdly compelling way.
Loving every minute of not loving life
haha where do you live at sir :b
What a random retweet
on da low coolin!!! Preppin this music for this meeting at Dtp may 14th, im headed out atl To meet with these reps!!!
My 9 year old niece told me that I was way cooler than Justin Bieber...not just cooler, but way cooler.
jello shots + birthday cake =
Wow. No one told me that the terrible twos can actually arrive at 19 months.
we need to plan a trip in March & pretend like Spring Break still exists?
Walking at the gym & constantly feeling a little hand or elbow on my hip bone w every stride.
They may not be right there but they are still around we need to take back out govermentandgive the power back to the people
: made varsity my freshman year ;)
Ha! So true.
wait it's 4 am? It was only ten 5 min. ago where did the time go?
... thanks for playing us on show..let me know if you want a copy of the album
thanks for sharing! Definitely need to read up on this...
African, British, Scottish & German ancestry here.
I thought Kobe was about to pick up Gasol and swing him at an opponent.
Playing doctor is for kids! Let's play gynecologist.
awesome. You go get em lady. How ya feeling?
are you fucking kidding me doe
#PaloAlto #California we have tons of #jobs contact me
Welcome to twitter! Thanks for connecting!
If anyone else is watchig dear john, text me
Grrreaaat...! I Wish It Was A Lil Warmer Tho.
ITS THE HARD TIMES 4 LYFE MOVEMENT AND WE ARE ON THE WAY UP DOIN BIG THINGS MIXTAPE IS COMING REAL SOON
The corner treats you good girl! RT : Rough night at work , but made good money.
Did I miss the morning show today?
re-runs of felicity got me through my first year of college
give me a shoutout please! :D
Amazing how I have managed to rear some pretty amazing kids despite our sad middle class lifestyle.
Day 1 of the NFL training "evolution" begins. Weights, Treadmill, MMA!
FHF generates financial support to help cover academic services and recruiting efforts!
Radical ideas take time, Julian. Just because congress wouldn't accept it now doesn't mean in 12 years it won't be feasible
You serve bankers daily, so would you serve Hitler or Stalin?
18 yrs & found it wasn't his, lmao, sucker
: Fabulous! We look forward to becoming a more robust & trusted biz dev partner to your team in 2012!
yes it is raining. I'm a happy man.
#follow one of the BEST music companies, ever.
what happened to us? </3
"Dirty Joke Show" now downtown. Nightly at 8.
why did I just sing this in my head as lions n tigers and bears oh my replacing the words obvi
Thanks man I apreccaite it
You guys, its my birthday tomorrow :D
Rode out to visit a client today. New England in the fall is explosively beautiful. Gorgeous foliage!
Last day for $30 web flyer designs! - Mention this post when you place your order at MWWdesigns.com
Stop in to the before your evening commute and pick up dinner from one of our wonderful vendors!
I hate this #damn #stupid morning show----> But I guess I will listen to it just because is going to be on it.
is it really a black friday deal if its before friday?
much deserved rewards for working so hard.
Thanks for hosting us this morning to talk about READ and anti-bullying efforts in Jax.
Looks like my uncles will arrive here today, but I don't know what time is their flight..
Can the Kings step up tonight on national TV and steal a win?
depends on what kind lol
#Bachman's problem: She stopped being entertaining.
haha I actually still have cassette's and the walkman lol I'm a pack rat
RT : Just 2 days until we announce Discover Wisconsin's new host on ! Who's excited?
Early dinner date with it's been too long, girl!
Hahaha you win...bunch of guys sitting on the bench on those inflatable donuts...hahaha.
Online classes are horse shit
Both! We promote the business in general, special events, contest, etc. Complete package marketing!
hahah that sucks. come work for Columbia! making pappppppperrrr!!!
I don't want to go to second period
"Our Place" was good to me tonight! Show was big fun,... the spirit payed a visit "I Love The Lord"
it's a classic tale of redemption. The mighty are the ones who get back up after they fall.
but idt I can stay with u till sophomore year
It's not just you. *sigh*
Thanks for RT
That just makes me cringe. I hope we throw, within reason, some $ at Bourn to make him stay.
Did u know that until the 18th century, most French loaves were round? In 1770, long shapes began to appear & then the "Baguette" was born!
Tiger's new swing doesn't allow him to put weight on his Right leg, so his has zero stability on BOTH feet. Can't shape shots
I saw that and was like whaaaattt
whats the difference?
I understand #thingshappen :-)
I legit have barbie nails right now
lol those bats are disgusting tho lol dude's right!
They're going to waive Felton though, yes?
me; madison your tears arent raindrops madison; yeah they are and your hair is silk that came from your mom's *bleep*
I hate how I have like sleep amnesia. I never remember anything that happens until my body is fully awake.
"Do librarians act as censors?" paper due this weekend. Getting my thoughts in order... Opinions?
O: lmfao. Well guess what? I just went thru ALL of YOUR pictures(;
you even put code in the credits? so much love.
This week, I'll be discussing the & #NATO as it relates to
Who fuking wit me TURN UP!!
staten island ny
Listening to The Funeral by Band of Horses gets me pumped every time!
Sometimes I feel like Waka Flocka is the only person who understands me.
Ha jamming to one direction with >>>
How are you finding the restaurants in Mary Brickell so far? If you need any recommendations I'm happy to help you. GO HEAT!
Hi!!Mr. nandos....can you follow me back...that's my only wish..:))))
-- Hosmer's probably the best player ... likely a win-win trade.
well done on the social media front for
oh no where's this coming from ?
A goal without a plan is just a wish.
awesome! what distance are you shooting for?
No surprise there regarding Fox "News" is it?
I was just kidding.. Chill
When old ladies compliment my eyes >>>>>>>>>
that's the only team above the Lakers tho
Look to Virginia. They do it right without high taxes and budget deficits.
Young children's injuries in the home result in approx 2500 deaths/yr = real value to home safety proofing
I think I just fell in love with downtown Franklin.
The 'Messages' feature on Twitter should be renamed the 'Someone-Posted-a-Nasty-Pic-of-You-Box'
YUM ,we can't wait ! Camping is always an adventure with our crew ;)
Best weekend of my life. So thankful. Can't wait to sleep on this flight.
My baby J. Cole though!
Well I had a #good day #today. Cereal Bowles
Desire, when correctly channelled is an extremely powerful and positive force.
i miss you
have a great day bro and tell P Dave hi for me and please ask him to call me when he has time.
no worries.
Travel back safe all of our AU friends! We will see you tomorrow!
Gorilla Productions going international!!!!
#FF That's huge!
Feeling a overwhelming feeling and sensation that my walk and journey has only just begun. I need to cleanse myself with a new birth.
You're welcome!! =)
A woman called war paint!!! Sounds awesome!!!!!
is so gorgeous it isn't even fair. #muchlove x
thinks he's so great at scramble with friends
thank you! :)
Happy Hump Day to all you hormy Twitfuks. Especially the virgins. Hehe.
RT : Is it my set or ate there lots of audio issues with this #oscar telecast??
how are u? :D
Follow Friday: for the "Finest" updates for Saz's State House Restaurant and Saz's Barbecue Products! www.sazs.com
Sorry to butt in, but I am coming up to Boston in July! Librarian drinks will happen!
NJICM's HOOP IT UP is Saturday! Call the HOOP IT UP Hotline: 1-800-515-0337 for tickets. Tailgate party following the game at 3 Lakes Park!
lol yea I had a wayy too long nap after school today and now regreting it :/ lol I wish I could fall asleep tho! :)
1st of all! What party? RT : Crazy amount of food left from this party
i dont wanna write my paper i wanna take up my shirt and go crazy
“: ugh, i miss my boyfriend!” No, I miss my girlfriend!
Looking over our photoshoot in Chinatown cant wait to show you guys are new pics for our EP Irie Days and Crazy Nights!!! -Chris L
Billy Crystal = not funny. Not even a little.
all I have to say is TGIF!!!
Stay strong, my second-year brother. I'm handing off the torch in about 30 seconds.
Yipe! very very very disturbing!!!Just trust yourself...By the way nice picture..Enjoy the Holiday!
great Geto Boys song! One of my Top 10
i think we goin on wednesday to the thing in oak.
No price too high!Better than food! : Holy crap, do I love me a brass band. How much to have one herald me everywhere?
Just wrote my first Wow, CouchDB is going to change the way I build things.
Was waiting for XFinity to interrupt this coin toss with a commercial, then Twitter to completely melt down.
When I was in the supermarket I saw a man and a woman wrapped in a barcode. I asked, "Are you two an item?"
Hands down to the kitchen staff and bar staff ! Killer breakfast!
Real test of the MBP battery life on this 30 hour business trip - power cord left on desk is useless to me!
I thought I chat a lot, guess not!
Bruce Springsteen to start the Grammy's...not the Whiney tribute
Good Night and God Bless
Now we're gearing up for OSU and Kansas. Not "that" OSU the "other" OSU :)
I like the idea! One of the few real perks of a long commute, I guess.
Robert Frazier made a full court shot in practice yesterday.
best dog ever! She's just turned 1
Yep. RT : Outstanding librarians anticipate community needs. Every day.
and that V
All i want is some meat right now
#niners let's get it
hook me up with some backstage passes! I'll give a kiss from you ;)
dam it i guess when you that cute you can get away with it lol
Are you on Instagram? Follow us today - sosprint
God only TNA can fuck up Joe vs. Angle I swear
So far all I've seen in Oklahoma is a Comanche Nation Casino and a Best Western. About living up to expectations.
You and me both lol. I WANT TO FLY CHOPPERS NAO !!!
RT : Class move from #Rays organization: Electronic billboards all over town welcoming Manny & Johnny back to the AL East
#IfYouKnowMeWell you'd know my son is my whole world <3
This is pretty nice, interesting artiscles
This dollar van driver is the dumbness thing I've seen since reality TV. UGH!!!! Now I'm late for work.
get well soon!
we puttin her under the table today lol
Game day! Woot!
P.S. My corworker was talking about your awesome drawing and I sent her the link to you Flickr post. Thanks for sharing!
Play fri night in 'The Uptown' Oakland with 'no means no' nearly sold out few tickets remain...
Thank You ( :
woo hoooo! I'm so excited! Thanks for the heads up!
Interested in sharing your Christel House story with us? We'd love to put it on our blog.
It was great to have you here! You picked a terrific time to be in Scottsdale. Have you stayed with us before?
FREE show at The Roxy in Hollywood. May 7th. We go on at 7pm!
gulp I will be waging dancemomsmiami tonight at 10 cant wait
Harriett loves her. In fact, I sang "I am Woman" in one of my earliest shows.
Thanks for the follow!
hey butler sorry to let you know but I don't think anybody gives a shit :(
Thx for the shout out support!
It's my last week working at my branch and I already know that I'm going to miss my kids and library family a lot!
positive is the only way I think I'm bout to call it a night. Keep it up. I'll get at u in a lil while
i know i was just watching tv and that came on... im still in shock a little that ppl could do that...
I ADORE blue hydrangeas - they were the central flower for my wedding (and in fact, my dress was that color too - 2nd marriage).
actually it's only one...bnfkdb4, the moderator of the board.... i wonder what his motive is???
Playoff hockey>
sorry sweety but you're not eligible! Non-winners only!
Come cheer us on Sept 5th, www.vcassociates.net is racing
For the evening crowd... today on Rundpinne my review of REMEMBER ME by Cheryl Robinson
thanks for the shout out! We're having a lot of fun working with the team.
AP Gov review on C-SPAN. Channel 14 on comcast.
A space shuttle is landing in my back yard tomorrow
I walk slowly, but I never walk backward.
sarah my best friend
Still trying to figure out why blocked me :/
No I didn't miss it. What I missed was your point.
A Rod is gonna light the Charge
gonna put a couple photos up in a sec before we head out to Spring Flea!
oh really you play guitar?
“: #SHOUTOUTS Have a wonderful day! #FOLLOW my 2 friends, thanks” same to you!
Thanks for having me DJ! U all are the best. Ravens!!!!
Tweetdeck, stop turning off my accounts at random so that I post to the wrong one.
Real wages. #lowerunderObama For those who still have jobs, anyway.
like this one
You is a Fad Follower if you just started wearing Vans, Polo & Chucks. And you rock these ridiculous hair cuts!
IT GOING DOWN AT THE KING OF DIAMONDS
5 pm company-wide happy hours on Fri provide great incentive to over-buy beer for hosted parties. May my boss never put the pieces together.
20 years ago we had Johnny Cash, Bob Hope and Steve Jobs. Now we have no Cash, no Hope and no Jobs. Please dont let Kevin Bacon die.
That might have been a mistake, but then again it might have been a response to our new lamb burger and steak sandwich...
TRIVIA THURSDAY: This movie, out tomorrow, was shot in 28 days.
If you're gonna have someone sing twice, make it Adele, not Chris Brown and the freaking Foo Fighters lol...
I LOVE The Lonely Islands awesome song, Like a boss
Goga El Paso is doing well, we are loving it!
You would have ALOT more fans IF you replied to their tweets.PLEASE RECOGNIZE US MORE! <3
stay at 15 and grab Brockers.
Love to have some out of town visitors for No Pants on Sunday! is an established veteran of pantslessness!
I kinda want Diablo I. Kinda.
The baby on this Nashville episode of My First Place on has to be one of the cutest babies ever!
I tried calling your manager but he was busy.
Lala is going to give Carmelo some loving today lol
I keep myself busy with things to do, but every time I pause, I still think of you.
happy mothers day
Follow your 'womanly instincts'! Use your 'feminine wiles' to get the road to take you where you need to go!
I know I've always been a "broader"and "deeper" fan since around late 1991. And the screens got larger!
Because you give him more shots than somebody who has proven to be less clutch over his career than he has. Common sense.
.____. Baby whale
Just a reminder, there are NO classes on Wednesday February 22 at AlbanySalsa Dance Studio. 4 more info visit us at
would you just fucking shove paradise up your ass and die already???
It got "Tomorrow" stuck in my head.
yep, i won't give them any more clicks.
Tom Jobim Lifetime Achievement Award - FINALMENTE.
Enjoy the bold taste of McDonald's McCafé with a Free Small Premium Roast Coffee ^Eugene, PDX area only
Study: Big Corporate Donors Are Bad Investments
haha totally saw that. I don't think I would have gone for the grilled cheese either...
go them
Thanks!! : Anytime! You guys rock my world.
Running two seminars for Brite over the next two days - then doing it again next week. Feet don't fail me now!
You actually can schedule/post to FB fan Pages we do it all the time. Apparently they have added support for linked pages too
My girl looked at me like u dawg ass nigga
Fair enough
If you cannot see a plan, you will not see your goal.
#bitcheswhowontdateme that Big Bitch from Precious
Keeps enlightening my day with positive tweets that is truly
Elise or Eirka are either gonna go. Cause it's crazy how the both have been in the bottom the last two weeks.
Awesome! We'll definitely let you know.
51 days till teen hoot<3 (:
I like pie
Good Afternoon Everyone...hope everyone is enjoying there day!
When will the Dollar Tree penetrate the urban core???
I'm getting indulgent now, but crazier things have happened in real life.
WALKABLE Dallas-Fort Worth: Re- Branding
Shout out the fakers!! Lmfao
That is why you should be sick at home. Pajamas, movies, internet tv. You almost forget you feel like crap.
Would that make you Pinky Tuscadero?
those are chickens not chicks so check before making lame jokes lol
haha aww yay!! =D and i am glad thank you for listening you are the best! =)
remember i said you was pretty...
Thanks for your encouraging words!
#ItsCrazyHow much you make me smile.
may have just landed herself a phone interview :)
Thank you!
(I know. I covered it when I worked in Camarillo in the 90s.)
looking forward to visiting with you at ALA and finding out what new titles will be out this fall.
How sweep it is! Tribe is now 19-8!
You're Welcome.
Yuck, has a Samsung Galaxy Tab 10.1 in our office :)
you most love me
Yes, I would have done the same; liertature and movies are ancillary...not part of main focus.
having fun I see?
Correction: not data points, variables
Ah!!! Number 1 Girl Tour is coming to Detroit!!!
What a great weekend!
I won't miss that Lake O reporter. But you I'm going to miss.
U get a big #cmonman its your golf ball! He bestowed it upon u, get paid lol!!!!
where is earl sweatshirt?
so thrilled that digs the songs :)
ok, I'll go the generic route with a :(
True, we have been lucky here hardly a dusting :-).
Careful, you could get arrested, the car get impounded and there'd be no way you'd avoid getting grounded.
yes they are lol
heyy girll where did yu get that blue blousee of yurss. ive been looking for onee and cant find it! loll (:
Well now you do know.....!!!!! And Mitch is not here so if you guys need a place a to stay, you've got my room.
Congratulations to our models & talent on booking the Peter Piper Pizza Commercial! #SignatureEqualsSuccess... way to go everyone :-)
“: Honestly, is beautiful.” Aw thanks you're a sweetheart! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
"To me if anyone is a fuck its you" mhm
Some guys are ridiculous, I swear..
RT : One of our clients tells us, "Every single volunteer that comes to the door--they're the nicest people..always so kind."
For the first time in my life today, I bought Pogs. Im just as confused as you are.
they learn difference from somewhere... MT “ Think kids r racially colorblind? ...hear what 6 yr olds have to say on ”
Happy Easter!! He is RISEN!!!
Um, did you just call me fat?
How many games should Artest get?
think yu could help me w/ sum10???
Home sweet home.
Torres actually scored a goal? Miracles do occur then eh? Have that Barca fans! Best team ever my arse. Chelsea flying the flag for England
Sometimes Twitter confuses me.
> : Is it just me or does gaga remind anyone of Johnny Depp in Willy Wonka tonight ?
#PLAYOFFS Tight finish... Hell yes!
"Moses" tag on the windshield.
ridin bike downtown #denver today ...do we have the best bike path system or what?
Is it OK if he's made of felt & yarn? I'm way clever w/ a glue gun....
Thanks. Same here. And, now I know who's behind the "likes" that make me so happy!
N u know he popn bottles
On Wumenguan - koan 31 Wisdom mountain's path In front of your nose, but first: Check out this woman!
Bummer. It'll be worth the wait though! Even just thinking about it now I'm still in speechless disbelief.
While the world sleeps, I find all of my inspiration.
nope! I couldn't :( I had finals :(
dnt be jelly voice of a angle
This could be read so wrong RT : Kicking balls are prepared by officials used for kicks only. Tms prepare own balls for snaps
playing at the drake hotel in 10 minutes! Trio plays til midnight- come on out!
bout 2 go workout b4 i meet my buddy dave
yea I know. I'm @ a loss for words. I just can't imagine another human being doing something like that.
So thnkful 4 amazng LA fam!-: Had great lunch w/ My Bama fam has mad skillz, a good head & humble. Look out H-wood
Ah, I love a good slow jam...50th Annual Kentucky Junior Historical Society Convention is in the house today. Kids are everywhere!
So what is there to do in this town on Easter?
I hate writing cover letters. Took me an hour and a half just now, because I had to be careful in begging for a job.
great - been looking for a way. I'll try it out. And I will be in need of coach! I will reach out. Thx again.
Bringing back that old Kanye
this is my angry face...now here's my really pissed off face.
Lol.. Close enough! But which part are yu from?
no matter how much I love one direction, always comes first.
Launch of viroXchange, an international digital media dedicated to virology
I wish I was that girl inside your head but it's someone else instead we didn't have chance since I was first entranced
I'd call up Cobb over having Davis start. He's just getting comfortable in the 'pen, and the 'pen needs all the help it can get
thanks for coming in. Hope you had a great time with mom! Thoughts on the new menu?
oh I know you can hold your own :)
i love getting phone calls
Mac book is dead aagghh!!
Nice late unnecessary foul by Andrew Bynum of the #Lakers what a #KNOB!
You know, I'm going to have that song in my head all day now...
soon Im working on my license
Excited for the rolling video game bus that's coming to the Club this Friday! It's going to be the best kid's night yet!
i'm confused. i don't see what i did there?
Dead teenagers make other teenagers sad.....This is big news to some people.
The Tiger Prince
Yeah girl! Can't wait to see your new locks!
We'd like to extend a big thank you to our judges and semi-finalists in the #NYintern Project! It was a tough decision to be made.
it's not nice he lied either
someone should invent something so that i can obsessively tap my foot and bounce me leg without bothering people or shaking the room.
Update my shit and active my account please. This is ridiculous. How the fuck do you put an apartment # in?
that's too bad that you would choose to be so negative.
welcoming intern become a full-time designer today!
Thanks chef!
Milwaukee! Another sunny day! Please join us for the Cuervo beach v-ball tourney today! Reggae with RAS Movement!
• Imma boss..lol...you coming out?
yes :) and I'm starting at then over to 1111 Lincoln for the BMW event and finally over to Shelborne..No LIV :(
really started noticing cats be hatin' just to hate..like can I just give someone a compliment without someone saying something negative?
I would snitch non in my life
oh wow, when he smiles...thats crazy!
I want video. Joining you in spirit ... "Yeah - I wanna dance with somebody ... " :)
MKE's gettin' a double shot of the #hardlife this month. Stoked!
awww boo that sucks so ive gotta new guy well kinda it aint official yett
it's not a game - if #obama wins, we all lose.
hope you're having a great Thanksgiving!!!
A lot of questions are being asked!!!!
haha yeah but were playing flashlight tag!! I suck!!
Why couldn't the rabbit fly home for Easter? He didn't have the hare fare.
sorry I'm addicted to twitter
Bumming it out today!
yes he knew who I was cause of twitter.
Eating like it's the end of the world with
Google Hangouts is going to really change how we all meet and communicate with each other. Exciting!
ANNOUNCEMENT: Starr Status ENT. Presents Summer Jam 2012!
Come back from lunch and someone bought me flowers ????
Cleaning man trying to flirt w me. Ugh. He wears tight pants too.
“: Testing out as we speak. Interesting concept..”. We'd love to know what you think - Props or Drops?
happy veteran's day!
Run, , run! Let's correct the mistake that was made a little over a year ago!
duh lol.., she's clearly not all there lol
nothing as of yet, but he is smart enough to get into the game.
woo!!!! Cody's coming back to San Diego soon!!!!! :) <3 i cant wait! i missed him on the coast to coast tour :(
Spoken Word is looking to "Crew Up" in the LA area for several new projects. We need recordists, audio engineers, audio editors, & studios.
. thinks I am influential about skateboarding, which I have never tweeted about in my life. Really??
“: They may be alum but they'll always be my best friends #AOT #kdlove ”
"I've fallen in love, I've fallen in love for the first time, and this time I know it's for real, I've fallen in love"
#808Pride when u like someone u treat them with care but when u love someone u treat them like ur world
south coast rep: white people problems.
So hard to watch, but thank you - Go Cats! RT Also welcome to (Go Cats! -shame about the Big 10 loss) and
Lol your funny
RT : The first step before anyone else in the world believes it is that you have to believe it. -Will smith
oh how i cant wait to start class monday
I got some blue Gatorades.
I am looking at buying a point-and-shoot camera. Anyone have any suggestions? RT?
it going to be a little after nine
Closed SHORT $USDCAD for +3 pips profit; 2% of the community volume is trading the USDCAD with sentiment 18% SHORT
imagine technology in 10, 20, 30 years. lol what are we about to do to ourselves. fun time to be alive.
Good Morning!
and when i stop being lazy im gone find out whose not following me lol
Industry folk, 25% off your entire check this evening, good in the lounge or in the dining room! Let us pamper you on your day off!
Going to game tonight !
rad! thanks Fabian! We like great Cal Arts alum. See you tomorrow?
Have you listened to 's show this week yet? It's another really good one. I don't know how does it every week!
It's time to catch up on some of 's recent videos! :D
thank you, godbless you.
I didn't change. You did. I didn't leave. You chose to. I never stopped caring. You did that. I gave up. So don't call me boo. It's over!
Its 11:11 make a wish make a wish and say i hope you come true <3 #11:11 new single :D
"To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment." Ralph Waldo Emerson
Me too! Good times ahead.
can yuee follow me
I study/work at and didn't know abt this! So excited for this preview! I'll pass on the info to students...
absolutely. I would enjoy that!
Summer's around the corner I need to get in shape for Bikini season Lol
Im waiting for the day i randomly see mgks tour bus and just flip out and chase it down
Neat A1 cutout of a giant cat today. Love how big they went.
Good Point": RT : dont you think if zimmerman was beat all to hell, the pictures would be all the internet
Any Will Clark fans out there? It is his birthday today you know.
Gravity is not to blame for two people falling in love.
yeah dude it was amazing. She is bad ass. A girl with us just thought she was ok pre concert. Walked out in love w her!
So many writing projects swirling around in my head. Need to get them organized and just start. Disorganization & procrastination won't do.
we love you 2
Thanks for the follow! The exhibit booth media & live presentation we did for you guys seemed to go over really well!
Why he agreed to be on a tv show is the bigger mystery. Ah, the irresistible draw of celebrity.
happy new year all. and YAY- we've already taken down the christmas trees...
Hey! Everyone! is always on my mind.
SO glad to hear that!
Semi-Finals of Dew Tour Today!! Spinnin Music at 2pm bottom of peak 8 at the TBar!! Come say what up!
Wow. My wife is giving away free bookmarks & plates to promote her new book. People love them. She's had over 2000 blog visits today.
NO! He comes across as a selfish cancer.
#Zimmerman apologizes to Martin family, "I didn't know if your son was armed." Leaves off "But I did know he was Black."
Yea I'm against age regulation so I'd not be a good candidate.
On the way home, I saw a pink Jeep with Hello Kitty seat covers. That is all.
great social media experience! nothin better than a dead gopher. hope you give osu the beatin the NCAA should've given them
So whats the point in putting cell phone on vibrate when the vibration sound in class is more annoying than the actual ringtone....... lol
thank you! Heard a girl at a restaurant say "hm, should I get mayo? Oh why not, YOLO!" shoot me...
:') OMFGGG, idc I'm making it up to you some kind of way!!
": Ok now getting sleepy ."
Shower time!
RT : I honestly think it is better to be a failure at something you love than to be a success at something you hate...George Burns
I'm mad cus Wendy's stopped making chocolate chip cookie dough shakes!!!! >:(
#classic “: having coffee”
Joe Scarborough: Make no mistake about it, the NeoCons won tonight.
Fridays! Just getting started. OC drinkers #Bar330 Open Bar & LA Poppers hang out at ICON Fridays across Staples! Get at me.
Can you run by now?
i been following u since i was 15 i love ur music u put a smile on my face everytime i hear ur songs
The entire Conceivian team will be at Deploy on Monday. If you are there, come say hi.
Love, Laugh
All these years I thought I didn't like chicken salad. Turns out I just don't like bad chicken salad. What else have I been missing?
seriously needs to catch up on her dvr!! so many shows i havnt watched!
Thai food!
OMGessbers! Im so confused.
Penguins up 2-0 Already. Here's hoping The Nuggets do DA damn later against the Lakers later tonight!
I might die of happiness.
Pour motor oil over a stack of CDs. Ta-da! Robot pancakes.
Finalizing event details for a June event for Ho Chunk. Love that their party has a circus theme!
ha I have been trying to learn that for the longest time ever lol the song goes to fast(:
okay deal.
WOOP! “: Absolutely fantastic house - to quote an audience member, "ultimate storytelling experience!"
Happy Mothers Day.
i got to the scene pretty late but most of the people looked fine… I'm sure earlier in the morning, things were a bit crazier.
Your welcome Chris, Thank you for all the time and effort you put into helping others become exceptional leaders!
well now it's looking like i'd be solo and Idk how i feel about navigating by myself.
Obsessed w/ Wanna c sum #indy trucks. We have Sure missing sum1...sorry
never thought i would see the day where $AAPL trades over $600. used to think $300 was a dream.
Yes sir. Did you get them?
X Factor- so nervous for the girls feel like I'm about to do an all out rowing sprint
No, that's awesome! Good luck! Application is due soon, right?
We go the Lead Back!
Happy birthday , enjoy every single minute of today;) mwah!
Bitches Are Haters, Mofuckers, and Do Things To Hurt You. Avoid The Wrong Worthless Bitches, Assholes In Your Life. They Jus Make You Mad.
i miss you too bay
Working on New Years resolutions. Let's see... get side of face totally tatted-up, address all strangers' kids as "Buster" and "Squirt"...
Purpose of Life[Ecclesiastes12:13] Love.Respect.Honor.Obey FatherGod & keep HIS Spiritual Principles for this is the whole duty of humankind
I now have Daydream Believer playing in my head.
whats your email? i got some stuff i can send you that im gonna put on my next album.
#Boulder County fire crews responding to Hall Ranch now. Possible fire. Also working in area of Blue Mountain in Coal Creek Canyon.
Put your faith in more than steel
I ALWAYS WANTED TO MEET RICKY BOBBY!
AH ! people need to stop haten on Tebow ! He is tryin kay? eff off
Posted In opening a fashion boutique
...what's good
it was slow but im going out later on tonight hows everything going for you
Best quote about a broken speaker this morning, "that speaker sounds like Steven Hawking!"
..each one of you should look not only 2 your own interests, but also 2 the interests of others (Phillipians 2:4)
Can I jus get one normal guy...ONE! That's all I ask...damn perverts!!!
Any one can hold the helm when the sea is calm
yea, real good.
Anyone can be passionate, but it takes real lovers to be silly.
.'s Confessions of the World's Worst Missionary ( ) on Twitter. Follow as they prep 4
i'm online!! tweet???
“: Meeting today <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>” can't wait text me when you are finished up love!! I'm taking a quick final at 12:30 so will b on
OMG I JUST FOLLOWED YOU ON TUMBLR THIS IS SO LEGIT I LOVE YOUR BLOG
#FF admirable writers
Clearly not. Been wondering, since some of our patrons have been resistant to using online finding aids, how Aeon would work 4 us
If I was in a coma, how often would you visit me?
I can not wait to , stoked <3
#FF These tweeters are great! Happy Friday everyone :)
All of the lights.
I wish you'd wished me a straightforward trip home. This is turning into a nightmare.
Success is often the result of taking a misstep in the right direction
What do you tell your #library patrons who want an ILL for a Kindle book that came out 6 mos. ago, but the paperback came out today?
Thanks for introducing to Tully's. All the associates are benefiting :) Missing the PNW!
What is the #nature of #reality ?
It felt so good to call you a bitch today right to your face !
Don't miss the VAC on KLRU Fall Arts Festival tonight between 9-10 pm!
RT : Happy International Volunteer Day! Thank you to all volunteers around the globe.
yeeesss! High five <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
ARE YOU FUCKING SERIOUS!?
I think A is Mona. There is just something about her.
I don't say this often but good job Wildcats, a Misery loss is always sweet.
This boston game is good
he was so small! Lol with his tat!
Waiting for my lunch.. Taco Time!!
37%! what? are you reading on a damn kindle?!
She's sick again? Wow. You know what? The world would be better without her in it.
Excited to visit Gold Hill Mesa for June 26 #cstweetup! Sponsored by <excited to find out about Gold Hill Mesa
Big #Easter weekend means you should expect travel delays. Leave early, be prepared and most importantly, travel safely!
#FF Follow the One and Only
Your love never fails, never gives up, never runs out on me -8-
You should definitely say how you REALLY feel
Don't have to set foot in the office for another 279 hours. Giggity
you're a "somebody" now!
Dear Chad Henne........ At this time your services are no longer needed you are the weakest link #GOODBYE!!
Damn! All the fakery is unbelievable.
does your son have more hair than you yet?
washing and cleaning and getting ready to start my workweek.....
Exactly! I never used it but was always curious and now it's gawn.
