Awesome #Isagenix meeting today! Talking about upcoming #Seattle events and getting people involved with the community!
congrats!!! Boiler up !!!
adorable pics of peoples' dogs only serves to increase my impatience for March & my ETA (est time of adoption)
Anything that is worth wanting is worth working hard to get! Nothing worth keeping will come easy
I'm pulling a 2 in-a-row for Go get 'em!!! at
a boy.
make it four after Freese goes yard..
"E pills got them slashin like Zhang He" - J. Stalin. Thats a Dynasty Warriors reference. I just shit myself.
I don't think anyone could've prepared us for life after high school
I love Family Man, and I'm willing to wait for an amazing story. Good luck with your writing. Really looking forward to reading!
i love where have you been..but its not my fav!
He's got that Bearcat in him.
#YouGetPointsIf you can get rid of my flu.
Hey Gienah, Well thank you so much for listening to our music!
hey! Could you explain what digital humanities is about?
I'm not following you. I unfollowed you bc you unfollowed me first you sneaky snot.
You're welcome. And thanks for following me. :)
Please tell me there's a delusional eye patch character waiting in the wings.
Thanks! I'm always amazed at the variety in my set.
overheard in the store today: "I've really been Sheening a lot lately. I def Sheened last night, hence why i slept until 1 today." amazing.
> ...Thanks for the love!
Looks like they haven't started in on Title 2 yet.
Monaco in the semis? What happens when one of the top four bails early.
going Organic the Kirstie Alley way....that's right bitches!!!
Out to celebrate the birthday of !!
Those words came to me as a song in a dream over and over again.
"I don't want to talk about it" is girl code for "I'd like to argue about this for a week".
Kings vs Coyotes in the NHL western finals? Quick vs Smith this might be a low scoring series? Who are you picking for the
I posted that last tweet on Facebook. I had to.
News Flash! Le Peepers all a twitter 4 today’s $6.99 lunch specials..Ham&White Cheddar Omellete & Slick Chick Sandwich w/ choice of drink!
somehow #taylorswift songs always say what Im feeling
how's the body feeling after the long workout and,ride?
The good times make the bad times worth our time.
Simnet obviously wants me to fail. I have to reload every question
Make sure users can always find you on Facebook and other social media. Choose your url wisely!
Hilarious! RT Convinced I saw Justin Beiber at dinner tonight. Upon closer inspection it turned out to be a small elderly lady.
“: Don't fuck with someone's relationship, because you can't get one.”
Pass the Lavasier
Happy birthday enjoy mothers day with the Carney folk
Or if they went to class all this past week.
you just missed a wheel kick knockout from Barboza. How is live-tweeting miss whatever going?
4am with 3 more scenes to shoot. Jesus!!!!
Congrats! RT 2 of 3 books for best typography in the PANZ Book Design Awards are Otago books:) Hauaga & Stunning Debut...
What are some interesting things you know about baseball?
OK. I guess is still a good choice for Node.js though.
It's #talktometuesday Feel free to ask me anything and I will answer all questions. Or say hi to me or something.
Damn haters!
For a quick fun (and right now cheap!) read, check out short story Fatal Twist. It's a fun thriller.
Sometimes I wonder what goes on in people's minds when they get certain tattoos
How do you rate your boss? Helpful and encouraging or belligerent and bullying? Let us know..we'll see you at five on 10TV!
I'm headed to Chicago this summer for an internship...where should I live bro?
Vampire Diaries Season Finally... So god!!!!!!!!!
I hate it when I say something funny, and then someone says it louder and gets all the credit.
“Morning twitt giving god the glory for another beautiful day.....just fininshed breakfast now headn to fed Ex field to do work”
I could think of a million other ways you can waste yr money. hope yr not sponsoring dis dude. same ol sound
Wow. Seeing this news everywhere. Yes, this can spawn many stories.
; you argue too much. this is why i do not allow us to become friends. lol.
Thanx so much for mention about "Joseph & the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat" w/ in Nurses daily!
Can't go wrong with those four!
I've only recently discovered the 'Refine Edge' option, as I got used to the PS2 methods. But it works well enough for the 72dpi
Who knew waffles & #virtualization went so well together. Getting ready to check out a live technical #demo of RHEV 3 here at the Spy Museum
Its okay. Game 7 it is! Metta is going to put in work!
Good night #Baltimore Sweet beer dreams.
Sending in a rookie to close it for Venturas first win as a manager. Ballsy or crazy? What a game. #whitesox. .
is always there when I need him most, even if he is hundreds of miles away.
Your work is real sick man I love it!
u kno u always showed me the up most love even when it didn't count....salute
Which, in SDSU's case, it perplexes me a bit because it seems like they have a much bigger hoops fan base than football
Go WAVE! Sunday at 3 pm taking on Baltimore at the US Cellular Arena for the MISL Championship Call for tix 414-224-9283
Just watched Derek here in USA. It's got good potential. Karl is fantastic.
Starting to build up an installation based on all's well that ends well...
We appreciate your quality bar tweets, so we bought you a tab at Centro. Ask the hostess for details. Bring ID.
hahaha Billy really liked those comments. Hilarious.
RT : Govt reports the # of payroll jobs increased by 115,000 in April and the unemployment rated declined a tenth to 8.1%.
What did the parrot say when he saw a duck? Polly want a quacker!
rules of young money cash money... Rule numba mutha fuckin one.... Hahaha
Working on the new song.
Snuck into Cochon w/o reservation. Drinking moonshine. Life is good.
Nope u better claim them boys! RT : That wasn't my #Lakers that showed up for game 1 last night
United's flight out of BR was cancelled yesterday afternoon so things are a little messed up. You might want to hold off.
Mayor Sanders: we would like to help by bringing people together, determining how best to help youth.
Family counseling was a huge part of aphasia tx,relatives were so appreciative!! i miss it just thinking about it but not SNFs
Besides CARMINE, other influential artists who have a signature drink via Drinkify are Britney Spears, Beyoncé & Johnny Cash!
you are an amazing girlfriend, that is all :)
We're horrible turtle parents
GO To A FREE sign up to 20% discounted organic foods! Sign up now limited time offer! www.mybeyondorganicliving.com
Looking forward to today's social media panel with !
#FF Thanks! You rock, as always!
How is that... working out?
My daughter, Shannon, graduated from UCLA today. She has a BA in English Lit with highest honors. I am so proud I could burst! :o)
Red Knight goin' down!
Eavesdropping on a first date conversation: the dude didn't know she was vegan!
Apparently dream trance makes excellent study music. Who knew?
looking forward to seeing you tonight!
That's awesome! Ya they are such a great band!
We all need laughter in our lives!! Check out #DanceFu starring , & lots more!! Check it OCT 4
Took my mom food shopping tonight since she can
thank you! she's a sweet gal for sure
thanks for the RT man :)
Wow ! you're so close to 1.7 followers ! Congrats,love<3 Please tweet me,followme and i'll be the happiest girl !
they finally shut the shit up. Tried to get on my girl and she roasted their ass alone.
Woah there pal.. Lets not get ahead of ourselves yet.. He hasnt come close to a triple double.
I always fall for the assholes for once I want a sweetheart.
don't say never. Cause you never really know what the day holds for you..
he's at it again?!
It's always like a Federal holiday in San Antonio Fiesta time. Quiet. Not for me, the wheels of commerce don't stop turning...
Should add a member :D !
My Pee-Paw always complains about the heat of the laptop on his legs, which is ridiculous, since his legs have been useless since 1963.
dang lol uhm jessica jarell, cody simpson island records we are in the crowd austin mahone follow me:) lol
She say she never been
i MUST BE IN HEAVEN, CAUSE i'M STARING AT AN #ANGEL WHOS STARING BACK AT ME!
Just watched #thewantedonidol & ...... you are such a flirt (;
"You're strung out on weed?"
younger women...
#RETWEET where the moms at out there looking for an excellent mothers days gift to their mom?
I'll save my smart remarks. :)
lol ant shit u can do bout that but laugh
Justin's dick in that viddy...
I'm feeling like there's a story in there waiting to be written .
RT this if Summer automatically makes you think of !
If you feel sorry for Joe Paterno, your sympathy is misplaced.
RT if you wished had a "follow all" button!!! :D
RT : "About 17% of U.S. consumers willing to pay more for environmentally friendly products." (Boston Consulting Group)
It's always weak bitches tryna come in & fuck up a happy home. Them bitches get <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E> NO LOVE!
not sure just yet. Imma DM you my cellular.
TY for sending out a msg about our contest! Much appreciated!
The massage therapist at SpaWorld almost broke me, several times over again. Definitely coming back. Comsa Hamnida!
We should get sticks with pony heads on the end.
#Yankees manager Joe Girardi says that Chris Stewart isn't CC Sabathia's personal catcher. Martin would catch him in the playoffs.
I see:-) My dad's got a motorcycle:-) It looks like fun but I'm too chicken.
I'm at my god sisters sweet 16....IM SO BOARD
I WILL END YOU!
OK then. A root beer will have to do.
#hth2012 technology is a means to the end, not the end, it is interdisciplinary and connected
Quit telling everybody my bizness man..they don't need to know I'm up..I ain't hire u for that..LOL
For fear of actually meeting my neighbors, I just walked half a block down the street and turned back around.
naw my nig I'm just out here helping my nigga throw this concert.
Amen ! Hey what's up Mackee.. OMG its been years since I've heard from you.
or iWanna do some molly right off a girl clitoris. yea iSpelled the whole word
Thanks lady. You can expect your signed copy:)
Thx for the retweet... Glad you liked it! Therese
dannngggitt. missed it. i'm packing for a 1.5 week tour, so does that count for an excuse..? w/ not my own-yet!
Who said anything about GRAD students!? A whole different breed (I know, I was one).
For Emma is great as well, New Artist #Grammy winner with a debut album in 2007
RT : I like it but is that an Easter Giraf? What happened to the bunny? Or is it just in France that we use a bunny?
One day will follow me #Believe !
knowing what you do about the evil that runs this country, why do you completely dismiss the idea that the US was behind 9/11?
Where will u b when the announce No. 1 pick Thurs. night? #ColtsDocsVIP contest on Tues will guarantee you seats !
Well, I'll take dessert over boys any time!
11 k nothing good this level.
I just gave the code for this guy, that guy, and the other guy
I'm excited to talk about Cow Clicker.
I agree outcome is very important
Check out some of my new photography at www.Faelai.Deviantart.com and www.Jpgmag.com/Faelai
No problem! We always try and support local artists. Looked at the portfolio. Very good mosaics and paintings.
RT : Graham, Lawson starting in place of Melo, Billups. Happy to see Lawson play tonight. He's got a great future in the NBA!!
Diana Ross?
nothing really... Just stalking people on Facebook.. Wbu?
Hi John ! Follow back please? thanks !
Sunday funday: grilling, miller lite and the flatscreen in the yard
At sharp street united Methodist to preach the 3 hour seven last words service. I have the 3rd word here.
Out & about with , ready for another interesting night out
Ready for a change of scenery? Contact us about our international opportunities in #Europe and
Sometimes I walk into an office and it smells so bad that I immediately feel stupid because my car smells worse
In the South Carolina beaches now!
Im hungry...and its almost 4 in the morning..omg.! lol..fuck it im staying up.
Im ready to to dance my @#$ off this weekend already.
lol rite I needed the rest been running around las 2 weeks
Drinking milk
yup, even as a straight man I find his big brown doe eyes adorable
haha. i knew you'd see that one!
Well that's the problem -- in the beginning, they weren't up front about it. Which is why they were sued.
thanks so much for following! be sure to checkout <3 have a fantastic day!
You are very much welcome. Keep up the wonderful work!!
“: Whatever became of Sloan Peterson?!” She married a TimeCop and was never seen again
Oh, so excited! Stay tuned for photos of our newest models for M/I Cincinnati!
WOW. Tiger is taking an indefinite break from golf.
Was just told I'd do well living among the Navajo people.Sure, it was only for my sheep intestine cleaning skills, but I still feel honored.
Rap evangelist
I am still up. Anyone else?
great article, one of the more rational pieces on the topic so far! thanks!
I kinda get the feeling I'm never going to find out "How He Met His Mother", but then again I'm only on Season 3!
lol Jess! Please dont #lie to me!
I really love pizza, can't wait for it to come over... so I can eat you! and added friends cheesy bread.
Now I remember why I hate the #NBA. The refs are awful.
Let your purse be your master. - German Proverb
When you are around negative people, don’t be like a sponge & soak it in; be like rubber & let it bounce off of you. via
“: Be a cosmic transmission station of love. Today.”
bacon, pico de gallo, onion straws, a special mayo (forget what they called it) , monterey jack I think.
#nowplaying REMIX on the #FridayNiteMixTape with and
please notice me!!! please 4
Would Netflix pursue deals w/Disney, Fox, etc whn contracts expire? Hastings: “as far as I know, no one else has the right of first refusal”
“: Working on a food shoot for with in Southie.”
can you follow me please? <3
I take issue with the inconsistencies in your lexical math.
take next Friday off, its going to be a Friday funday followed by Royals home opener...do it do it!!
I gota crush
Driving my high ass friends to checkers just for them to buy me food, advantages of my sober life lol
yea that blows!! Y do u have a whip?
I only posted the gif to see peoples reactions cause it makes me laugh xD
Mike Brown is too monotone in the locker room after a game 7 playoff win - He should be more emphatic. But composure is important, too.
Freedom at last!!<U+263A><U+2600><U+2665>
But I'm on the fence right now/ so either push me to the other side or pull me down.
Good luck!
Going to watch Ok! Enough already! I just did my taxes and don't know why I work for myself! Seriously!
On my waayy to somewhere(:
hollllaa cool I'll be at The Avenu off McKinney.. Dont be a stranger til then :p
#SignsOfASmut If all her baby daddy's got a blood relation!,,,,
And then decided I should've had 's kid while performing Fleetwood Mac's "The Chain". WHAT?! Seriously, subconscious?!
If #Tebow has a thought, is it a Christian Ponder?
We cannot have a multi-stage system. #BigData, analysis needs to be on the fly w/out being multi-staged - Hasso Plattner
Tomorrow is #yarnbombing day......
I was there most of the day playing 2-5nle, I left at 7 as the game was winding down, I won high hand at 5 with 4 4's!!!
as the awesome says…the kingdom of heaven is entered not 1 by one but two by two!
cute!!!! Good job daddy
Uh oh. Commence wrist slap from !
I shine like sumtn in the sky ;)
is it specifically drawn/designed for the increased pixel count?
She didn't wanna get that for me so she gonna be locked in that room. Until she give me the money for what I want to buy
Running late- overslept waiting for Nevada - double Junkie today, Lewis Black 2morrow
Hey ladies, if you're into drunk guys with ranch dressing induced farts, we should hook up!
I am bringing peanut butter with me to Canada. Obsessed? Maybe. Prepared? Absolutely :)
Pay for services; not pay for access.
THANKS! for the RT about :)
I was Dancing in the car & this guy in the car right next to us pulled up & looked at mee & gave me a thumbs up ! Ctfu
What does it take to redeem my voucher around here? Called and they told me to email. Emailed and no answer...
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: Attorneys are expensive, but maybe not more expensive than what you have to win or lose in the case.
When is it? Website, would LOVE to see that...
List Building, make it simpler not hardone MISSING_ARG_URI
Thanks so much for following me! Hope you have a great day!
it's a computer lol
I've had heel savers as a kid..but not taps . Grew up on stride rite .RT Man the roc really held us down for years
As I mentioned last night....
Sleeping with all of your teddy bears in your bed when you were younger so that none of them get offended. <U+2665>
Well. Ok. I'll take one pitch into a double play.
I am currently packing to head out to the Dominican Republic to help inoculate babies and get drunk.
Just spotted How's it going Sean?
If everyone saying the same shit about you wat does dat tell u ??? Everybody can't possibly be wrong and your right
how is everyone doing?
How long they choose to love you will never be your decision
#GeekTrivia answer: In the 52 series, what DCU villian was revealed to be impersonating Booster Gold's companion, Skeets? Mister Mind
good stuff right!? I laughed so hard when I saw that the first time.
Nature is painting for us, day after day, pictures of infinite beauty. - John Ruskin, (1819-1900).
Is it me or does JD look a little like the actor Simon Baker?
Nothing I love more than getting bitched at for no reason
Friday is here! Who's got big plans for the weekend?
I'm your bejeweler's bejeweler
I just said the same thing after I carved my third pumpkin.
Baseball season...
Seeking vocal teacher for female vocalist who sings country. Carrie Underwood & Trisha Yearwood describe her tone. #Chicago South Side
i wish i could retweet myself... shits crazy
Next week I'll be in Humboldt Park talking home efficiency-what do you wish you could change to make your home's energy use more efficient?
I do my best work at night.
#DidYouKnow has played in 100 playoff games in his career (after tonight). And has won 0 championships.
I'm in the mood for a road trip... Who wants to go to Vegas??
Plenty of examples of two superstars on same team being very successful.
Hey I'm happy to have a job! LOL
Happy Birthday to
Happy Hump Day Funksters!
HA! Chuck would say something like, 'Man boobies UNITE!' LOL!!! Wusup Ben
People are ruining Lady Gagas tour by there petty protests.
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD> Ikr ugh anyway goodnight boo, cnt skip tomorrow regardless of how sick I am. :( xoxoxo
Spread the word! Use promo code LAUNCH20 for free shipping!
That sounds like a nature food store product.
Yes! Coming together in creative ways 2 unify a digital Panamerica that extends to streets. Being mentors to others
OMG I LOVE DR SHOLLS ! im start my outfit like .... Now HA
that boy got time?
Lol iJust Chugged Syrup Out Of The Bottle Haha
"Civil-Military Relations in the Wake of the Arab Uprisings: Arab Exceptionalism Redux" --Robert Springborg
you and need to get MTV to bring back celebrity death match with ya'll commentating. First match avengers v. X-men
I'm from Hawaii :)
i don't know how to vote...
Thanks for the input.
Tip from our designer: When designing, don't forget to think of the user!
may be top 3 in the state. I need to get ova tht way tho fam what's gud ???
useful to refer some patients there for our student-ran clinics. Otherwise, eff Walmart, as they work to impoverish people.
Fracking has been used in NM for sixty years and it is safe says Gergis Scott
SJSFF Twitter Special - Drop by our headqrters 2DAY from 11am-Noon (110 Paseo de San Antonio) buy a ticket to the screening & get one FREE!
God pays, but not weekly wages.
Dianna, who are those people?
Happy 2012, and thanks for following us! Thanks to Radio, Andrea Gillis Band, John Powhida's Airport and Dirty Truckers for a great night!
If your going through a hard time, just keep your chin up! There is a massive change coming to this Earth and we are all part of it!
BIG thx to sponsors for bringing the fun, food and inFOgraphics (see what I did?) posters!
Happy Friday everyone! Are you ready for this weekend? I know I am. :)
I don't know how I would start my day without music. #ThankYouMusicians !!
Pew Research shows an equal # of male/female readers of ebooks, but how does that translate to library users?
hey baby how r u sexy
had a great morning. so either the day can go right or terribly wrong. :-) hoping for the best.
Except they leave out how the show will be on DVD in six months or so, and some people are too whiny to wait that long.
Just arrived at #oms12 to bug and
lol watching The Voice for some reason.. Why does XTina keep fanning herself?
Color me Badd. I could listen to their sweet sexy vocals all day.
Super mcnasty, why you mclovin when the bitch call me daddy
I will be there.
I accidentally hit the rotate button on one of my sightings and it changed the spotting date from a year ago to today. Bug?
I don't know who gave me this headache, but you can take it back!
Hello friends and fellow music lovers. Please take a moment to head over to my Reverbnation page and have a listen/look at all the mp3s...
i have the droid razr! can you do it w. That phone?
HEY ESPN, GUESS WHAT. #NATS STILL WIN THE SERIES NO MATTER THE OUTCOME OF THIS GAME.
Me too. Did you see Jason Nelson minister "Shifting the Atmosphere"
yes, tix sale for #gtmw - which you need to attend.
what u think about Otto Porter# 22
oh no :(!!!! Well I love you girl. Stay strong!
And I just hope that I'm forgiven for carin' 'bout how they livin', and loan 'em a little money and keepin' 'em out of prison.
Like shattered glass...
Listening to overboard by Justin Bieber as I get ready for school <3
ur awesome... Congratulations, bro!
The #student who asked the question was right: savings ARE double-counted, as income AND as an asset.
oh man, great shot!!! May I please use a version of that?
I wish I had taken a victory lap so I could've gone to Club Bucky tonight with
that makes no sense.
is my god to me his name is Kendall Sexy Schmidt i love him so much
I interpret this as technical requirements (ie fluid grid) vs theoretical execution (ie 320px breakpoints) cc
what breed of beef?
actually maybe see ya in 11 days. maybe, MAYBE.
"Building a startup is a relentless pursuit of credibility" - Steve Papa
It'd be nice if the online feed of the #2012WJC wasn't blacked-out for the Team USA game tonight so I could cheer for Bo!
people still use four square?
Sometimes I can be pretty social with strangers.
out of state is fine. We are hoping to get a sponsorship however, with cross promotion, advertising, and
Happy #Easter all! God bless!
I hope to have my new Music Company name posted tomorrow sometime!! Excited!!
Scrape me off the sidewalk
Taylor swift quote <333
yea I know meg and Liz are awesome
Help me out: those of you who've started alumni chapters - how did you contact alums? I've hit the (profession-specific) listservs, etc...
Siri teaching me how to master interview-- Siri, what's your favorite movie? "I'd rather not say, can we get back to work?"
It's always been that way, at least since rec.sport.baseball.
Y do i keep brickn open end str8 n flush draw
Follow #roveatrandolph for live tweets as Karl Rove expounds on the Republican primary race tonight on our campus.
Ten Minute Social Media Insurance Coverage Primer By: Olivera Medenica - JD Supra (press release)
Yikes. RT : It may sound healthy, but Cheesecake Factory's Grilled Chicken & Avocado Club packs 1,752 calories!
Has wireless at the grandparents house!
In georgia on my way to alabama
woke me up -___-
we have a great time !! I wish we could stay longer.
oh yeah!
Mexico? You're not getting to Mexico alive, silly rabbit.
RT I don't seek Jesus because I want provision. I seek him because HE is provision
Crazy how u watch urself change with time
He plays on a La Liga team that fought for relegation and on that team he doesn't start all the time.. for starters.
So that's swim and bike training time we'll set aside for you :O
Something the average tourist wouldn't know!!
Ellen Sarver Dolgen: Take Your Menopause to Work Day
Then everybody wants to cry....when they reminisce over you, my God...
Kerzweil's prediction (which have largely been accurate), if you can live another 2 decades, you may live forever. #SXSW RT
A little late-- but Merry Christmas from Occupy Cinema NYC.
Save some of 's #CALIBERRY for me when I come to town next weekend
thank you again for coming!
got her back!! Haha!
Thank God! Is she okay??
I'm a big Belgian beer guy myself. I'll let you know if I ever get on it, I'll need some tips
< next time babe
#FLYERS WIN GAME 2 & lead the Series 2-0, bringing it back to Philly!! I'm honored that I will be in the building Game 3!
thanks i got it! =)
These bitches -_____-
Welcome home we've all missed you alot!
i still havent seen amelie. but its on netflix. but i want to watch it w someone. do u own it? maybe we can watch it together
Using the heck out of my iPad 2 while it's still relevant technology.
thanks! My grandma made it!
“: The boys all say that Harry would be the best boyfriend because he would give up everthing and give the world to that girl."
“: Mike tells grandson: “A lack of confidence made me work harder.” #60Minutes” I think this drives many to work too hard...
At Martha's Soul Food Bistro for the grown 'n sexy. Where are you tonight?
"....You must hold onto the love that you find. In a world of mass confusion one thing I find, the Lovers win every time."
"You's a crazy bitch!" Shit we always say. Haha <3
"It's good to talk" ...How long were you on hold the last time you called your telecom provider?
They shouldn't overlook the Giants, but I believe they will roll today. The 49ers/Pack would be a great game.
Getting off of the boat, only a little queasy. We saw a pod of playful dolphins and TheWife made fun of me for my last tweet.
That's right, put the historians to work!
Try out "In Home - Shoulders 1 & 2 and In Home Back 1 & 2" RT : I need a good back and shoulder building routine STAT!
Sleep? Who need sleep when you have
“: Angelina's leg was the only true winner tonight. #oscars”
magic number is 11!!!
Your network is everything. Jordan Adler
Gonna watch movie with my friends... Yippieee...!
hah! I somehow missed this! the ostroskis should join me in Hawaii
Mike, I'd love to pick your brain about the VZW sponsorship if you have a minute. Trying to work w/Sprint on a WI team...
the specific, cathartic way we beat the Yankees in 2004 is the only reason I think fans don't care anymore.
Can't wait for my bubble bath & to cuddle up in bed for the rest of the night<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
2B honest I'm dreading it - we're talking NO access to the launch during the races over a 3month period - not to the beach or Bay
RT if you are joining us today at 7pm for our FREE Commercial Class with Ben Toplin.
As temperatures warm, malaria has spread to higher altitudes in places like the Colombian Andes, 7,000 feet above sea level.
dude! have you read angelas ashes?!
#NDSA David Rosenthal says we need diversity, need more than 1 tool to preserve the web, so one repository doesn't lose the history of web
Hate it when people think you like someone, when clearly you don't.
I'm going to be late at practice.
Thanks for the follow & RT; hope you had a successful show! The team that attended learned a lot!
yeah, the publishing company with a trillion databases! crazy, huh?
Create Contagious Content rather than engineered for SEO.
totally fucked up a deer on the way home from our 98 Rock radio show...
Paddle Raise Auction for the kids...
The Lord says, "I will NEVER learve you nor forsake you!" Hebrews 13:5
new players are now in the legal services purchasing mix. Procurement professionals are now involved
thanks for the #FF!
Basically started w/a check up. The vet tech told me over the phone I needed to put him down. Before they even saw him!
motion city soundtrack dropped out. Sadface. :-(
Ok Which One
Fair point. RT Major swing state votes against gay marriage; Obama comes out in favor of it. You can't say it's not ballsy.
Military Wedding Gown Give away!! How exciting!! Brides Across America will be giving away new wedding gowns in a wide range of sizes...
If its my boo thang!.
good one
Next week starts our annual company walking challenge. I just did some recon on last year's winner, so I can beat her number.
Green Green Green! Leggo, ! Forgot how much I love a good truck race.
That is a good thing. Keep going.
Congrats, that is so awesome!!
Taking a break from Obj-C to play a gig with the band.
hey thanks for following :) have you checked out our music yet?
goodnight guys!
SURROUND yourself with ppl who have your BEST INTEREST in mind. Life is too short to put up with fools.
I'm kind of old fashioned. But this being said, I really like Twidroyd on my Motorola Droid.
NBA IS BACK!
I rather get hit by a car than to have #oomf over to my house ever again
“Ghetto pronunciation: Bathroom = Baafrumm, Refrigerator = Fridgerataa, Remote = Moken Troll.”
thnx, got u*
Rockies select Clemson OF Kyle Parker with 1st round pick. Like Helton and Seth Smith, college QB. Tradition, perhaps?
Happy Valentine's Day! It's buy 1 get 1 drinks after 4pm today! Bring your sweetheart on over to SCC-GA & treat them!
ha! They are having to fix something with the stabilitrack!
Need some new furniture? Visit www.mattrezzzguys.com for some great bedroom specials!
What exactly does it mean to suspend a GM for 8 games? Does he get to work in the off season? When does it start?
do you know where we can get pretty light tickets this late ?
Just because I clearly don't want her does not mean it's open season.
Subscribe to Yung Rizzo's youtube channel www.youtube.com/officialyungrizzo
New #safety procedures introduced by the #cruising industry to help keep passengers safe:
just ordered your book. "Sponsorship Seekers Toolkit". Looking forward to checking it out!
lot of our users are traveling yogis RT : cannot wait to take advantage of your offerings when im in Vermont!!! ;)
time to make the donuts...and give and exam
ATL: Looking for volunteers for Fashion Night Out. Interviews tomorrow 6-7pm at Atlantic Station. Email
No you ain't seen a gangster that clean. 'Fit so sick, the 'fit need vaccines.
“: It's been a great night!”
Appreciate the reply - that's some counter-intuitive ridership data you've got there.
PLEASE send him my name to follow me.
- most welcome
Before you speak ask yourself if what you are going 2 say is (True, Helpful, Inspiring, Necessary, Kind) #THINK If not leave it unsaid!
Living it up in the UK together someday hopefully :) if all goes as planned :P
We need drew storen back!
Watching hpp2. Nothing much just feeling nostalgic you?
Great to see you at the GMR Food Drive, thanks again for coming out and supporting a great cause!
Shout out to and make sure to follow
A genius is a man who can re-wrap a new shirt and not have any pins left over.
Coming in a few minutes. An explanation of our new hash tag:
Looks like we're meeting Indiana in CATlanta! Whaddduppp
Annoying traffic, coming home from the midwest--peak family travel time? Assuaging myself with a 2006 Titus Petite Sirah--lush blackberries!
at the Fillmore! Made me so wet, hehehe
Looking forward to the journey ahead with
This song makes me think bout home
Tip of the day: If you want to golf but you don't want to get in trouble then alls you got to do is not aim at people.
If I start to review the movies I watch- would you rather have individual posts that are smaller, or larger ones covering multiple movies?
Today "is a new day, a fresh start, and a clean slate" - plus I get to see my girl !!! And my very first NYC friend
It's been 4 days and I still can't taste anything I eat :(
The only person who never makes mistakes is the person who never does anything. - Denis Waitley
I GOT NEXT<U+2755><U+2755><U+2755>
Where in LA is your dad?
Fuck the bulls
I left my room at 9:00am and my battery was at 100%, it's only been two hours and I'm already at 54% smh is me or is it my phone? <f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
well, there's no DVD player included with windows 8, so you're on your own to download VLC.
Ah, if you make it into the city let's grab some beers
love that one.org uses humor along with serious messages in their #socialmarketing campaigns
No, it's the first i've had in like 3 months lol
Love is not a car race. No need for fast track. So, slow down or you might be ending up in a car crash.
Round 2 at here we come
The count down to #FolsomStreetFair begins now!!!
know where you're going w/ this but the yellow band stands on the very big shoulders of decades of individual giving!
happy birthday jeff your the best superstar ever
im good! I have 2 boys, the oldest loves bball! My mom asked the other day about you! Follow me on here, I'm new to twitter
You're most welcome!
Saw inception yesterday. Another great movie from Christopher Nolan. Great action & gives you a few things to think about.
#MyPastRelationships probably never should have happened, and I should also try to fix them.
yes, I feel bad for Angel but they shouldn't get sympathy votes.
Thick hoes on motorcycle >>>>>>
I quoted some lyrics from #Candy, and I quoted a sentence from Matt Nathanson's Modern Love album cover. :D
: it was the first night of the #KonnectedShowcase. Its over now tho. They gon have it every Mon at City Heat on Harris
Happy Chocolate Day! What's your favorite chocolate brand? Mine's
Happy St Patties Month!!! (Thank you for your continuous support for best profile photos)
People spend 3x more time on Facebook than on Google. That means that you should be mastering it as a marketer.
Listen ppl are gettin on my nerves talkin abt "ooohhhh we shouldnt celebrate.death, and we as christians" blah blah blah....
>>> cristiano ronaldo Soccer skills against the heat lolol
that problem was solved after 1 hr 9 min on the phone last night, now have 2 figure how long we were charged incorrectly
There will be 2 for u at will call when u get there
We think so too! Students get a far more rich experience and schools save money loading all textbooks on one device.
- Not tonight, sorry
How to Live Gluten-Free on a Budget: 10 Tips + 2 Recipes glutenfreegoddess.blogspot.com
Amen to that! RT : It doesn’t matter how good the money is if you’re not living your true purpose. | via
Great MKE Brunch Blog RT : well thank you very much for the compliment! I am glad you like the site!
Fly me to the moon...
thank you
Some strange trends on Twitter today, so we will keep it simple. If you've never tried us before come in for a free wax your first time!
THEY GOT ME PINNED DOWN!
Eh-hemm why an I in this line...?
Can wait for the Spring Break 2 get here....
In Austin for the state tournament. Best time of the year !!!
I bet you think this tweet is about you... It's not.
True. RT , : Words were created for better understanding in communication not deception, speaking...
Just Lyrics Open Mic and Poetry Jam. Tonight, thursday night, from 7 to 10.
EG is practicing making snow angels on our living room floor. :)
duh! “: can we all go to MadMex or Las Margaritas soon?”
Thankyou Kayla! And thanks for coming even though you were only there to see Brock ;)
this is such a loss for San Diego and I hope his foundation will continue his good work!
Justin Has Boy Beliebers And One Of 'em Is . #WhatILoveTheMost :)
All this doom and gloom. If Heat rest starters Rockets are favored in all 4 games. Utah isn't '96 Bulls for cryin' out loud.
I'm by the counter on the right haha!
bitch no i dontt!!!
The feeling you get when it's time to give something up but you just want to keep it for a little bit longer..
Hoping Madison makes bank that weekend on citations...event truly has gotten out of control, only way to reel it in is2actually enforce laws
Taking it day by day, Living it minute by minute
date with my two favorites :-*
Yes, I have. Love all the connections between Ginsburg, Kesey, Dylan, HST, Kerouac, Grateful Dead, Cassidy, etc.
The foolish man think with narrow mind and speak with wide mouth.
Happy Almost Birthday Not the 30th yet but! happy Birthday.. you Inspire Me and others!! =] Happy Birthday!!
good to run into you just now. Yeah, movies, juicing, bbq soon!
I'll send it your way haha
#middleschoolmemories The Day I met My BestFriend And Sister ..and the day we all First Went out as a group-
This is extreme. I dont do waiting!!!!
- wow, that's some serious shit.
I am so very very sorry. My condolences. Thinking of you and your loved ones.
The hubs & I are getting our taxes done today. If that isn't love...
Anybody else ready for #The #Hunger #Games ? ^__^
Actor will be at the Warner Theatre tomorrow night for the Helen Hayes Awards
Wow, would love to publish your list of jazz singers that sang in Columbus in the 1950's.
You OK?
"Thompson's role is creating and perpetuating a fraudulent charity was uncovered in a series of articles in the Tampa Bay Times."
Hey check out the 4 Gutsy Girls blogging about their QLC's @ stratejoy.com for some inspiration on your own blog!!
A little foggy out this morning, might need a pot of Earl Grey with a bowl of Gypsy Vegetable and Grilled Veggie Sandwich.
Awesome time last nite performing w/ for a wonderful charitable event! Thx!! <3
HELL YEAH NIG
Worst commute I've had in a really long time. Courtesy of the "never fails to be sh!teous" A train (NYC MTA). So over this misadventure.
In my desire I see endless numbers of angels and fauns proclaiming: "Holy, holy, holy is Benjamin's desire."
Summer reading season is fast approaching! What books do YOU recommend?
I’ve never sought success in order to get fame and money; it’s the talent and the passion that count in success. - Ingrid Bergman
Wrestling tomorrow..?
Same here. My joints felt like they needed some WD-40 to get loose again
Congratulations to Matthew Jacob Wayne who earns his first national commercial and gets his SAG Taft Hartley in the process! WTG Buddy!!
Thanks for the mention!
no I fucking don't look like that nigga -__- Hold It !
Fernando Rodney. Beast mode. Again.
Just got back from an awesome writer's workshop by - I now have my next novel completely plotted! an' that's sayin somethin!
This nigga drinking frozen water...have fun with that
I always do. Thanks for the well wishes!
Breaking ya neck looking aint good for ya...
They serve tacos at burger king? Blasphemy.
they got rid of Carter to pay Bryzgalov. Richards was the gm's idea.
'Confusometer' app gets rave reviews from U of T computer science students - Toronto Star
Review posted on Webcampus under "Exam Review" folder on homepage
y can't you just take the compliment and retweet it
I just realized, too! I guess I haven't been paying enough attention during the Teen Mom 2 commercials!
how is it that #walkingdead episodes seem so short?!
have fun! Give Mad County my love!
Verizon is having some regional issues that have taken our phones down here - and Extra Billy's is quite close to us actually
very nice Chris
DaVinci's polyphasic #sleep stylings sound smurfy for sure, but I'm pretty sure they'd make a narcoleptic out of most modern folk.
EveRy DaY iM ShuFfliN!
hey girlfriend! Miss you too! Glad you are tweeting its so fun especially with tv
RT : The most difficult decisions we make are never between right and wrong. They’re always between good and best.
Thanks for the message but I am not interested. Good luck in your search.
It's only game one, we have 2 more chances to steal one... #lakernation keep them heads up!
I heard that!
Follow caps game via twitter is the worst way to start the Stanley cup
I am afraid of things that aren't supposed to be moldy. Old food…walls…etc. FREAKS ME OUT!!!!
Just don't think I will get out of bed today until the games are on... LoL
Don't forget, we're selling Comedysportz tickets in OSI! $4 a piece!
Considering going with Adobe's Creative Cloud. Seem to get a lot more for the money. Anyone sticking with the traditional upgrade model?
Some of the best people I've met in my life came out of that city.
“: I love that cable news sold advertising against whitney houston's funeral.”
I know! Party central all of the time!
You should watch it too sometime, it's amazing!
can a nigka get a scarf? Lol
oh you know what I like?
elebrate and thank GOD for sending me a little BIG Brotha. My love to you... Another year to prosper, you got it so proud of you!
No flowers needed. Just show someone how to make vinaigrette! :)
thanx for following
i was sitting alone this morning when coach was taking roll ...
This team womps right now. No other way to put it.
gave my bro a share of stock, tough to find Packer stuff in Boise
Willful ignorance is not a sign of perseverance.....
Hey wanna hit up Liv tonight
You would have saved me hours of my life yesterday- - but it will save me days and maybe weeks now. Thank you.
last nights chicken and rice hodgepodge was excellent, today, mixed with scrambled eggs, not as good.
Hell yeah! Lmaooo ": Why have a weather channel when I have twitter??"
tentatively escorting Gregory #Maguire for the National Book Festival and helping staff the graphics novel mini-pavilion. Y'all come!
we are perfect for each other lol
The breeze at dawn has secrets to tell you. Don’t go back to sleep. (Rumi)
Man why did my thunder have to lose?
-Me Doing Standup was so funny that I almost forgot about my debilitating schizophrenia of modern technologies, like tweater.
Thanks professor Stevie. Nicely done. Til next week...
Anyone see the Ides of March?
I remember back a few years when there were very few Classics nerds anywhere on twitter. 2012 wins.
I know like I'm not even tired. And sorry I never tweeted you back I was watching a movie
The Deluxe is still under work, sorry any further inconvenience!
I pray to God every night for him to mend my brokeness. I need that so much..
Does anyone know of any Florists on the Westside of Indy around Speedway??
who says I want the current system?
It is known.
Yeah, fer sure......Love TK interviews.
Today, I start my free Princteon Club membership. I like the benefits at WKOW.
have you checked out ?
Combining the comfort of socks, with the convenience of sandals
RT : What a night! Met mom. What an amazing and inspiring woman. Going strong (91) Louise, Love ya =)#JC"
The word "swag" is being more over abused than my neighbor's wife.
Thank you!
Poised Creation has enjoyed its research into the entertainment industry!
I want a jean vest!.
#sfrietenorsays Learning how to tweet. Better late than never! Opportunities abound!!
Blastinh 'barbie girl' at the bar w/old men and frat boys.
#CBS Another Camera Angle Fail
That awkward moment when you folding your underwears and a guy comes next to trying to sell you moves
With the foundation of secure insurance, your entire retirement dreams can become true. Proper insurance allows secure financial planning!!!
First night back in our own beds, and we all had trouble sleeping!! Sleeping in the van really grows on you! lol
u left Mavs?? and read #BASHERS comment wer horrible.. hope things work out tho.. to YOU and
I'm still tripping over the fact that a burglar is caught asleep on someone's couch watching " America's Dumbest Criminals" LOL
thats like mentoring
Talia has me laughing like an idiot right now. Omg
Last chance to see the stunning 35mm print of 'The Red Shoes" today at 3pm. Moira Shearer and popcorn... hard to resist!
For God has not given us a spirit of fear but of power and love and of a sound mind- 2 Timothy 1:7-
At #bankofamerica class about short sales. Can never learn too much!
Welcome! When do you get here?
I need to clarify -- I don't mean standing up for the unpopular idea BECAUSE it's unpopular. Not a rebel for rebel's sake. That's silly.
Haven't been tweeting in a while, but I'm back!
it's true. the animated .gif is the new 2.5-min video :-\
Hope we are in the running for it.
umbrellas can have better design.
Congrats to for winning at ‘Aipono Awards Gala. I think me, need to jet over 2 Maui and congratulate!
thanks girl!
Don't know what to do or say :/
all about the MLP!! I am holding my breath for the CGI version.
Damn this weather is too humid..
Google Art: Seeing the Gigapixel technology at work with The Birth of Venus by Botticelli. Allow for fast zooming and clear content
How to Track Your Competition Online Using the HubSpot Software
Off the grid to write, strategize, and research - have a fabulous day!!
It is the essence of genius to make use of the simplest ideas. - Charles Peguy
We are gearing up for two back-to-back SOLD OUT shows with at this Sunday! Grab your tickets in time?!
holla!!! Tell homegirl I said wassup!!! Do it up and be safe!!!
MONKEY (in r.w. voice) ik u got my tweets lol but anyways I Need CHUCK E CHEESE COUPONS!!
Hey I have a question did Austin do ustream already today? cause I think I missed it
can't wait to find out what you're working on next. Good luck and best wishes in your future endeavors.
my ideal Mothers Day would be to hav my son cook Breakfast, clean & leave me in peace for a few hours.
My dear miss u how are you? Am overjoyed to see you tweeting
Im ready to eat
“: I support high school dropouts, who else is going to make my chicken nuggets?” lol.
Will you be able to come in and see it in person?
Thanks so much for the write-up Andrew. We're happy you're just as excited about urbantag as we are!
In church with Redeemed Christian Church of God in Md., USA. Its midnight and E.A. Adeboye is about to preach!!!
what will our sweet sweet podcast name be?
Fact: Wix websites don't work on Apple and a lot of people have slow internet so they don't load for them. Don't use it! Call a Pro!
I love Oreos!!!!
Some people deserve to be slapped in the fucking face !
I have a lot of stories to my life.
I do enjoy those comfortable Red Sox wins. Glad they are coming more frequently these days.
Oh, my Pepperidge Farm Goldfish Pretzels: Never again will I let my knowledge of your sodium and calorie content keep us apart. Never again.
Everyone Follow Shes My Best Friend Legit<3
perfect day! soccer and more soccer! #GoodLife and Union have a night cap!
Faith is, at one and the same time, absolutely necessary and altogether impossible.
Tip 5: Stay Focused on your Date -You've asked for her time and she generously agreed to share her time with you so don't waste her time.
at work bored
“: Such a tease! I want to hear it already! ;)” Patience my dear, good things come to those who wait.
That last seam that closes the binding on a quilt always wants to make me crazy. But it is both done and diagonal. Success.
No comeback for #Brewers. #Dodgers 4 #Brewers 3.Bring on the
CORRECTION: The pictures of Joe and Mikey are from Tuesday, June 7.
Is it really that hard to follow back?
I dunno, I think it's way better than the original.
Happy Atlas Day, everyone! What did you get us for our birthday? Some Likes? Oh, you shouldn't have!
Just saw a dude gracefully jaywalking across roan street with a grocery cart.
RT : Shrinking budgets mean teachers R having 2 put new things on student skool supply lists…including cleaning supplies....
Which #FrankSinatraSong do you have playing you through your day?
It's possible, or maybe you should campaign for them! They need a star like you! Your reply made my day!
Well, when this 2012 Mayan shit finally hits, it won't be because the #Royals won the World Series. Even they can't even predict that.
RT : "You've lost control. (And that's ok. You never really had it.)"
The sentient defers.
UGH. Damn, you got me on that one >.< But you like my boots, admit it ;)
Oh god.
Stanley Kunitz~ What makes the engine go Desire desire desire.
awesome! Wish I was there too...hope yer well my friend!
I only have 2 of Mackie's Barbies I think. Fantasy Goddess of Asia and Lady of the Unicorns.
hey (: how are ya?
so when Leah said "her high ass" she knew it was a natural high??
Suspending my moral vow never to wear a suit for business purposes JUST for this morning.
I need my workout bud to come back pronto!!.... Cause the revenge of the muff is back!
Stop by Tracy Mourning's Honey Child Pop Up Store in Aventura while you're in the mall!!By the Apple store..1st Floor
our site is designed with several pathways; chronology is but one. You can also search by artist, title, style, period, keyword...
Can this life turn out good for once? Let's find out.
Drinking an Apothic Red (very good under $10.) with & while watching Colbert.
AWESOME You!!!
~Mortimer Adler~ Self improvement quotes Only through our connectedness to others can we really know and enhance the self
Comedians, clubs, and promoters: send your name and email address to alwaysfunnyinphiladelphia(at)gmail(dot)com to be approved to submit!
What a great overall. Sold at Venus pool during day and sold out night at lax!
She's embarrassing
i have a harder time picking the music i'm going to listen to than in how to architect my apps.
If I die tomorrow, I want you to bury me with my stuff.
A.J. Langer should receive an Emmy for her deathbed scenes, as Erica, on #PrivatePractice along with her young son who had to bid farewell.
we have to catchup
Tip #115:We all miss the flop 66% of the time.Therefore, floating is profitable if you time it well vs. opp that will fire just once.
Who's you FAVORITE CATER?
did George get my birthday gift?
don't forget #Scandal is tonight!
I could use something that's not legal in most civilized countries
It's much easier to make rings out of Gummi Lifesavers than the hard candy. This new generation has it so easy!!
SHOUT OUT TO OUR LEAD MALE MODEL
#SMA Service is always on point whether in the field or at the drawing boards :)
That strange moment when you announce that your but is vibrating when your phone is in your pocket and people are arround
The growth of the police state is proportional to the growth of awareness enabled by the Internet. We're waking up and they're scared.
It takes skill to be real.
Don't forget to vote everyone! It's more important now than ever!!!!
it blows my mind how some people can't take the hint that i don't want to talk to them.
I hear ya...i could use another day! Catcha manana on the show.
haha okay well what are you doing friday?
Ignore my email. It saved it ok!!!
seeing my ex's have bad lives , i like that sh*t ... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
"they are the definition of dope...ness"
Our very own Keith McNutt & Tina Hookom were on KPFK's Samm Brown show last night to chat about The Fund! Check out the archived show...
i'm glad u think i'm nice haha
smh you would think theyd be ready for more ppl than usual
Jamming out to Radiohead The Bends. What a marvelous album
Elizabeth is ignorant she is so stupid I don't think she has no brains in blonde head of hers
Sea Box The Sea Box shipping container company in East Riverton, N.J. ( Video by Laurence Kesterson / Staff Photographer)
last tweet ah excited on repeat!!!!!!!!
we had fingernails when this OT started. they are now gone.
Idea: could see Bo not wanting Bennett and UVA to continue the access to the Wisconsin pipeline. Just a thought.
" The Eskimos have 52 words for snow because it is so special to them; there ought to be as many for love!~~~Margaret Atwood
me too girl, crazy life. Hehe so whats up?
it's true, it's true!
Lebron be flopping. YOU SUCK LBJ!
The only place that I wanna be is where you are, cause any more than a heartbeat away is just too far.
Helluva week to be a Philly fan. Steve Jobs had a better week.
LC, maybe I can help. I am with Franchise Tax Board. DM me.
I'm not gunna teach your boyfriend how to dance. :)<3
Or, this: why reassign my associate from the task I was *teaching* him to one he already knows, without asking/talking to me?
Doing well today but pretty busy... wish I could have some more time on my hands. How are you?
My feet hurtt
hehehe just played a prank on my cousin...
That's crazy! CONGRATS.
At this time tomorrow, we'll all be at the 87th Annual ! See y'all soon!
I wish I was watchin the game
Marco Rubio thinks GW did a fantastic job during his 8 year term. Uh, no, Marco. But then you also thought ur folks escaped Castro.
Jus learned i got the same hand writting as my math teacher... Hm how can this be useful.?.. Hm *jumps back into space ship**zooms away*
Hey buddy hope your enjoying your summer hmu sometime ;-)
RT : RT Tennessee State Library&Archives acquires CivilWar dispatches from 16th U.S. Colored Infantry bit.ly/pNfB4k
they didnt think they had enough singers to maintain an a cappella group, so they added instruments and became a band
thank you Q!! Miss you love!! We gotta get together soon
I'm thinking of RTing this as well
Dude, I know this is random. Its random for me. Here goes. God loves you so much & so deep He sent Jesus to die for you.
Friendship is a single soul dwelling in two bodies. - Aristotle
Its burger time. Come and get it.
stain ur lips with red meat
the truth hurts.. him, not you
well look who has the third best record in the NBA Tell Barkley and Reggie Miller to kick rocks.
#infocampseattle Collaboration session causing flashbacks of unsnobbycoffee.com project.
#MAHOMIES trend #SoProundOfAustin <3 he did amazing for his FIRST CONCERT, i love you !
#uwgrad ready to lead the official party to the stage for this morning's commencement. Congrats to all the graduates out there!!!
Thanks, Celeste! Welcome aboard!
"Learning helps you to deal positively and productively with change." Half-Time Chapter 18
I like the sound of 40 min a day
As I type, is live tweeting a BRAIN surgery. So cool...
People grow through experience if they meet life honestly and courageously. This is how character is built. Eleanor Roosevelt
Can't wait until the night gets started
Happy Friday :)
RT : to unlock the Winter Wonderland badge you need 5 different Winter theme beers <--- good to know!
Great local band I'm listening to... ... these guys are phenom & true instrumentalists with incredible writing. Worth a listen.
you didn't deserve a damn thing especially from some the mcjumpoff delux identity thief
Seriously Lingling, can I have egg rolls by Monday?
RT Today is International Women's Day. RT Happy International Women's Day!
Maybe will ship my new bag early. Hint -hint. Then I can send a pic sooner rather than later.
Following from this, can a simple machine like a mousetrap be a subject? Because it follows Kittler's if/then thesis.
Do you have a nearby? They Rock RT : I messed up and forgot food today and now feel like i could gnaw my arm off - ahh
Happy Mother's Day!
Totes McGotes Chessey. Sorry for clogging up your Twitter feed...see you in 1.5 hours. ;)
Smile - It's cheaper than medicine.
I've had bowel movements more interesting and longer than that.
New samples are in!!! Still a few appointments left for this weekend. Call/email to snag one!
Excellent reason to give! MT : I'm an atheist that gives to salvation army cuz they saved xmas for me once.
hahaha I was just listening to them today! They're working on New music now!
I'll be on with and at 3:30pm live from KCI to talk #Caps and Dale Hunter only on 106.7 The FAN!
It sucks when the person you're basically in love with shows their jerk side to someone and you dont know what to think about it.
#FF SHOW LOVE TO THESE TALENTED FRIENDS TOO
Spring fever.
10 days until I visit Nick in Seattle. At least a month before he comes home :-( I hope this time flies by
How can he tell me no? I'm so nice! That should be illegal
The Lord has filled my heart with joy! I can tell because NOTHING has made me unhappy today. #crazystuff #praisehim!
lol yeah i feel u on that
Life is interesting it takes you places you and down curve you never thought of
Check out my next op ed article in Sunday's Milwaukee Journal Sentinel!
Let's do it
Thanks for the RT's yesteday! Did you guys buy the Starbucks deal?
RT : Good start for the boys in blue
that not true.
looking for something? Like your passport perhaps???
I'm the same way with waffles. fwiw!!
Hoping for a miracle from the #Knicks tomorrow. Of course I have to work during the game!
I blame my Klouchebag score on
hahahahaha I will always remember that ctfu
RT : I'm in awe of everyone participating in #musesocial! Great people = Great conversation
My My sweet :) She's got a smile that could turn my life around!
bouncing thru the club like tigger!
welcome to america. haha
Check us tonight with the legendary Leon Ware @ The Blue Note, songwriter behind I Want You, After The Dance, Inside My Love,Sumthin Sumthin
Aw! Thanks ;0) ((HUG)) but not as cute as you! lol
You should def leave him for me
It's kind of nasty how a girl could get so grimey because of one night.
People get fake when things are starting to get real....
I'm officially in love with #Twitter and
what happened to all the heat fans??
Where are you located anyway?
YO THE SHIT THIS WHITE GIRL JUS DID ON JERRY SPRINGER'S STAGE I WANNA GIRL 2 FUCK ME LIKE THAT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Yep-having issues on my iPad. Seems like it could be an issue with the disqus comment plugin. Things look fine until that loads
Hmm, Kind of odd to see South Korea on the Visa Waiver Program but not my native Polish peeps? Where's the #Polish love
lol what's up with that. I saw in a movie that its an invisible protective circle. Lol idk
God there is a part of me that misses the gold old Southie Boys....#rockingshamrocktats part of
Studying in the library, which really means we are on Pottermore
www.txttlktees.com-2 new characters gonna be unveiled in the next few days-watch out for them and 20% off coupon code too!!!
Dear #universe, I need two more hours to this day.
He's so awesome
Comt1, R5.5: last sent. shouldn't read lawyer may not "knowingly" assist in UPL in that person's jurisdiction
loved having you! come back soon!
thanks for the follow never met a link strategist before..sounds fun!
*cough* than *cough*
Hello the world of Twitter;D
I need sum sleep
Things to do when you're bored: paint the "F word" on to your car.
We can start a mutual admiration society! :)
Seriously, my daughter will never know what a TV is.
on my way to help set up
Gotta lol at some of these females then give em that look like >_> oooookkkkaaaaaayyyy lmao
Thats good to hear! Cant wait hear some new jams (:
way 2 revert back 2 older version without manually backing up before making changes? what if the auto-backup file is 2 old?
First-team defense very active against the second-team offense. Very little yardage for the white squad
Need u to chaperone me there
I hate when I come to friend houses and they have attitudes
: Hi. It would be nice to see a National Geographic book on the history of chess. This is definitely a book I would buy.
We still have rooms available for early Super Bowl arrivals Jan 27-Feb 1.
Listening to she thinks my tractors sexy. Don't judge
Good luck this season...STAY FOCUSED!
Gamecocks lead SEC in sacrifice bunts with 25.
I dont make typos i remix words BITCH !!
New post: Wine Sale - Up to 70% off Retail with FREE Shipping
going to look at my hopefully new home. ah. exciting. downtown later.
I'm so hungry! :O
This! TY RT : Yes, lots of brands are Pinning. Job seekers too. Great for creatives to showcase work.
My minds playing tricks on me.
Im excepting gifts for my birthday, now im not going to tell you what to get me, however a
FRI Lunch Dessert Special: Dark Chocolate Mousse with Blueberries & Chocolate Shavings
As usual. RT : beadle looks hungover
Feeling like crapola and I'm not sure what's going on. But I know the medicine is cuddle time with my dog.
These refs wanna see a duke comeback real bad.
#Fact: Rowan is at Disneyland right now! THE happiest place on earth. Have fun! RT
i'll watch it on saturday; just to find out how horrible it is.
Yankees beat Red Sox 4-2, clinch Clinch A.L. East Title
ok u gonna get me tomorrow
Food, Limos, and Foreign roller coasters? Fine with me! Much needed girls night with <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098> <3
Happy Friday! =)
why would I not trust you?
I'm not sure yet ! I haven't baught my tckets yet !
ALTHO, on its release Vincent Camby thought it was as phony—as relentlessly schematic and upbeat—as Soviet neo-realist art"
ee how #SDUSD took that "bogus option" here: vosd.org/pVIV1J Simple choice, spend or save, SD chose to spend
Just because you don't understand what i am trying to convey or better yet, you don't agree. Does not make me wrong, it means im different.
Thanks for the interview this morning!
this new device seems like it will help students keep organized and on task, especially within distance learning
haha. Very funny. Put that new feed to work and post today's show. You're killing us podcast addicts.
I'm not crazy, you just don't get meh! :P
#ala11 Yes, work from assets, not from deficits!
Bird was fuckin the Algebra teacher !
Suggestion: If you are sending out LinkedIn invites, fill out your profile. I'm not going to accept from someone I know nothing about!
Our glory is not ever Falling Down....Our Glory is getting back up every time...If you are willing to stay in the "game" you will succeed!
thanks for the warm welcome, glad to connect!
The rain smells delicious. Love these thunderstorms.
Yeah, he wrote down some stuff, a mini-lesson. I plan on breaking the new moves out at some point.
Dear America: Go see ATTACK THE BLOCK this weekend. You must. Best of the year so far. Thanks, Joe Cornish and
been enjoyong the pics you and your wife post on instagram.
I hope soccer is rained out tonight <U+274C><U+26BD>
The antidote for rejection in one word, it would be ALTERNATIVES.
I live my life eryday trying to prove things to myself...if you have to impress others they shldnt b in ya circle, or u needa quit bein lame
I opened my window and its still super hot in my.room!
Today she would have been 69 years old. Everyday I miss her, and am thankful she was my mother for 36 years. I will love her always
RT : Every problem is an opportunity in disguise.
Chicago is on point tonight! Corey Wilkes live at the Trinity Episcopal Church! Wallace Roney live at the Jazz Showcase!!!!
According to the source for talent management (Yo Gabba-Gabba) everyone has talent like giant pictures-Obviously, I'm a coffee drinking pro
haha, i enjoy the attention
My brother was one of the Lynn students in Haiti. Do you know the names of the four missing???
I wanna watch finding nemo....but I can't find it ]':
Morning workout! Gotta be extra fit
RIP Al Gore. A true visionary. (Wait, he's not dead?!?) RT " al gore was a head of his time .i miss him rest in peace buddy"
#GoTribe Well I hope the tribe can win tomorrow. Didn't even know half of the line up today. #GoTribe!!
Someone come eat vegan pizza with me~
DAILY POKER TIP: Don't berate the bad players at the table. Doing so may cause them to leave and take their money with them.
so much homework:(
you doing for the day or staying overnight. I have to do back in Mar as well? When is Raw?
#adult pinata... This could get #dangerous !
Happy Anniversary!!
Thankfulfor beautiful summer evenings
New Media Workshop
When you really matter to someone, that person will always make time for you. No excuses. No lies and no broken promises.
Happy Sunday to you :) ..if you want to list your biz go to www.ybocaraton.com . Have a great holiday season !
Right next to Peets! I grab a coffee there, and head over for pastry! Good call!
If you're happy and you know it, clap your hands.
Working on it!
What is the "8-Weeks to a Better You program"? It's a crash coarse in making better choices for #weight-loss and improving total
that one I have on a wish list. If you haven't read playing with fire. It is pretty good. Blow, sex, hockey...
Second chance at New years: Mochitshuki Japanese American New Year's celebration on January 31st! www.mochitsuki.org!
lemme try that again
so ecstatic to hear the good news! No one deserves this more than you.
Ain't no rest for the wicked - sage the elephant
wasn't invited and no one to go w
joni mitchell. a case of you.
I almost joined a few weeks ago, but their sales was as good as their support. A lucky escape.
Aw, you made my Friday! Thank you!
Note the sarcasm of the second to last tweet <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
bitch, your mom should have swallowed that load.
SCORED NEW MUSIC PRODUCER FOR FIRST RELEASE HOMELESSDOGMUSIC THE INCREDIBLE HOSS, YES THE DRUMMER EXTRAORDINAIRE, MY NEXT DOOR NEIGHBOR,
i love chandler bing.
I think the Miller Park roof needs its' own twitter account.
I am jealous of you two. You all are just adorable.
#MayweatherFlow let's go!
xD maybe you should ask for a Visa!! or a car :P or a house or a plane or a train lol xD
If my mom doesn't stop screaming over the fucking sixers.
We're gonna need a bigger boat.
I haven't "topped off" at the gas station since 2003.... I cant afford that.
Game 7 thursday at the Gahden
how are you?! You didn't come see me before you left! :(
When are the Feb poker invites going out? I never seem to be quick enough on the trigger - looking for some inside info!
in New York!
thanks for the follow, and congrats on your win yesterday. Word travels fast!
What happended to YEE, NSD, austream, tweeting all the time ? I miss the OLD Austin :'(
RT : 'The pursuit and attainment of intellectual enlightenment cannot be judged by numerical tests.' - Vera Brittain
Thanks for the follow ! (:
Hmm, I may need me some Downton tonight:-)
The Wayans brother ghost from The 6th man? RT : Guess who would have made that 3 ptr…
Art is science made clear.
Hey all, two games this week: Wed, 9pm vs Vancouver Sat, 9:30pm vs Portland See you at McNally's!
oh no don't tell me that!
it's a wrap!!
Probable? maybe. Soon? can't see it. Let's keep an eye on it. Can't count MS out I guess.
I was hoping today would bring better news. The media are reporting 15 horses dead. My friends are telling me 19. My heart is in pieces.
Fishy in Miami: up 2-0 B9 Heath Bell gives up a 2B & 2 singles & a run, no outs. Gets pulled. SFGiants tie it at 2, going extras.
What's all this lovey talk on Twitter this morning...
Lmao I Love You! And I totally agree
Apologies & excuses, I hate them both.
Thanks everyone! : makes #DCstatehood presentation to gain support of ANC. #ANC2C Approves Unanimously!
Lot of birthdays at Ray Sands Glass today! Wishing Mary Vaccarelli, John V Brooks and Rob Burns an awesome day!
Haha! I can Imagine that!
Watching kill it on
Eggs rice and and baked salmon cakes!!! m.... Love it!
Ugh, got up extra early to be 1st in line at the DMV & was told that I didn't need to be there in the 1st place, could have mailed in papers
hm never had it...ill def check it out! thanks!
I get annoyed way too fast for my own good
Drakul Vintage is offering 20% off all their purses, clothing, shoes and records with orange stickers on them. TODAY ONLY. 11am-7pm.
SMS Mobile Alerts special of the day-Sign up ur biz & get a 3pg mobile website, Really it's free and viewable on any web-enabled device.
I know! Haha! Have you seen Fireproof and Flywheel too? They are pretty great too
bout to snap off hard on this beat my boi sent me.this shits ham
Hey everyone it's christmas party tonight. Make sure to head over then for a night cap head to Judge's
Welcome to the Seattle
How come girls who like hockey are always wierd looking? Doesn't mean I wouldn't fuck them though. Because trust me, I'd fuck them.
Thx for putting together the list. I had been thinking about how Simon Sinek mentioned #MLK, but hadn't seen the others talks
The Mask is one of my favorite movies.
Not much more to give. Didn't really happen (just almost did) ;)
I'm nice until you give me a reason not to be
Yeah That would be awesome.
thanks dude!
The Adjuster Trailer
I think I'll be moving my home office outside this morning!
National NPR show &quot;From the Top&quot; seeking local musicians... - Sacramento Bee (blog)
I dunno, when I was really into hip hop, there were only like 5 well known labels. I just wanted dope records.
It's #GoTDay!!! I cannot wait to see Tyrion wise up to Cersei.
Entreé specials tonight @ Proprietor's Reserve - Seafood Chile relleno, bacon wrapped shrimp, surf & turf, ahí tuna & plenty of vino
after the game 4 loss and bs penalty I woulda been heated. Glad we pulled it out. You out shoot them by that much your gotta win
Everybody always wants to ask for what they don't give.
Hmu talk to me people!!! Lego. Inbox me something ask me anything. Tell me something you've always wanted to say. It's whatever between us.
fuck you, bitch!
such a good movie! Have you ever visited the Christmas Story House?
Hangin with a asian counterpart dottie! Driving me home, she so loco!
is outlining national #LPC strat plan initiative, PTA funding, and Supporters launch on Council of Presidents call.
Fatigue can be the result of energy wasted on the unimportant. Expend your energy on things that make a real difference.
So true! RT : RT : A5:Like an empty bucket with a hole.
really?! it's fate. we should have a one-on-one book club meeting!
#Libya Let us combine our positive thoughts for the safety of #FFs on the frontline of the #revolution. Let #Tripoli be the V Party Place!
rocking the reef rocks in La Jolla, ah!!
its what keeping me awake at night...
The best part of Monday is the 3 hours of Family Guy on TBS.
Today is book writing day! Working on chapter 8 of 12.... I can't wait for you to all read it! :)
Between the Mayans, Nostradamous and the rapture folks- I'm gonna wait to pay off my credit card!
I love those salads I ate one while I was in San Francisco :D
where you cool ladies @? Meetup tonite? Or Monday?
LOVE! your new Vegas store!!! :) use to shop when living in Cali - I so missed it!
OH GOD I KNOW WHAT THAT'S FROM IMNOW IT I VE HEARD IT
if I were to see Tycho live I would need my laptop so I could get some work done
Fun #homecoming game at #CasaRobleHighSchool last night. Rams lost in the last second of the game!
I don't know that I would care. Hodgeman's books are pretty agelessly goofy.
Listening to Gregoire Maret. Looking forward to seeing him perform at the Atlanta Jazz Festival later this month.
You bet. Free tomorrow or Friday after 11am. Feel free to shoot me an e-mail- .
RT : Overheard today at #astd2012 : "The higher the presenter's degree, the worse their PowerPoint is." (I noticed that too.)
Wateva I want I can't get it
Have you ever done a post on the Heat offensive play where Spoelstra taps his elbow?
So then we may seem to have armed ourselves with two shiny new concepts with which to crack the rib of Reality
Ask for free quotes, We will give you a free digital mock up of how your artwork will look like before ordering!
I guess #Knicks fans finally see that Amare' and Melo cant play together
Release frustration wisely: Have angry sex.
Kentucky is playing like they're suppose to win the title! Kansas is playing like they're just happy to be there!
UNCA members, watch your mail for 2011 membership renewal information. Thanks for letting us support your work - here's to a great 2011.
No... that's in November :) Stryper!!! I'm going to rock with the Jesus LOL
oh i get it now. My brother, a surprisingly big Patrick Dempsey fan, recommended it.
Not really; looked at use of CC at libraries in VA and peer libraries, not nec. in archives, and that convinced them
Thank you for the nice comment. I look forward to sharing info with you.
": You can't make #Aquarians want you unless they want you"
rt your followers about a website promoting interfaith Unity? dharmadeen.com/about
#DancingWithTheStars is intense right now!
You go wild thing.
(actually, it's v1.3 from the AppStore that's a dismal #UX #fail) /c
Vote in our Rate The Music poll today! We want to hear your thoughts on 's song "I Do Not Hook Up" on www.iheartmusic.com
What was wrong with the hack???
It could also be useful for scoping out graphics problems in long games like RPGs that have so much detail incorporated into the game
Holy Fuck. They make the Mariners hitters look adept...what the fuck.
Pleasantly surprised today. Oriental ramen really does taste like "Oriental." Hats off.
Absolutely , we're making it happen every month, this is the party now !! cc.
Naylor? I barely knew her! RT : Drew Naylor's first start in over a year...5IP 5ER for Reading
lol no the time i did get in a fight i lost :( it was funny
Roller coaster lilfestyle
#BackInElemantarySchool I would steal pencils
we just heard you were attacked.
Thank you for all the new goodies (; You really made my day<3
I'm so hungry but I'm too lazy to get out of bed. Let's hope that my mom passes by my room so I can tell her to make me something.
One more follower please
Boehner must be retarded, Holding Debt ceiling hostage made him look like a fool last year. Here he goes again ;)
(Kayla and I forgot to discuss who's asking the questions, so I am gonna jump in and hope for the best.)
My underwear has risen. All praise to my penis.
I love my friends for coming out kast minute. Fuck!!!!! Hbd tome
U R Awesome... fly robin fly... fabu use of #ballsofsteel !
produce some of the most original creative content you'll see-every 6 days.
WeI love you Prom Queen!
the school sent me home :(
my second tweet was "microwaveable babies"
At the tracks with the bros
So if FOX and NBC both mismanage smart comedies and ABC and CBS don't have any, where's someone like Dan Harmon to turn in the future? FX?
Circus of a car accident at Vineland & Riverside. Multiple lanes closed. From the looks of it, somebody T-boned a police car.
New trio playing tonight in NYC. Feat. & Jorge Roeder
got in at 7 this morning after finishing 2nd in the 5k Chinese event for 35k and change last night.
Avoid 805 at Telegraph Canyon. Ax possibly fatal. Drive Safe SD!
no betting for me on this fight :) Enjoy the show.
that's great! Keep it up! :))
The greatest pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do.
Hi there! Have a good day. Your work is awesome. Good night.
have you seen my Dear Maria video and are you going to #Journeys #BackyardBBQ ?
The most intense punishment for consuming coffee was being sewn into a leather bag & tossed alive into the sea.
please tweet us all that xzibit PowerPoint meme
Never, never be afraid to do what's right, especially if the well-being of a person or animal is at stake.
Only because of Kenny Powers do I have a tiny respect for
Need To See Soul Asylum Studios! before you book? ... Check out our websites for videos/pictures and music!..
Nice 3 random Greek player.
didn't realize they were starting on a power play. Oh well.
I love hearing about no-hitters. I can't wait for the #Mets to have one!
Oh and omg @ these gummy worms
wake up bake up gotta get my cake up
you can't prove that
He still struck out two. Lol. Scout count: 29. ... I'm still not sure where this ump's strikezone is. Tiny.
Mario Chalmers folks, the real SUPERSTAR. 23pts playoff career high.
Some braces would look really nice on you.
Island Connex is actually changing our format! It will look different in a couple of days & with more apps & things to do!
Yeah! It's Wednesday!
OH MY GOSH I ABSOLUTELY LOVE THE GONE SERIES!!!! WHEN WILL YOU PUBLISH PLAGUE?? will there b a movie 4 Gone? -May
That would require having complete access to those numbers...
Why is it that the one hit wonders are considered failures when their songs are usually the most remembered of the decade?
my roommate got snakes.. said he lowkey be gettin all the hoes wit em.. ima use his snakes n get some hoes myself lol
Prosperity is a great teacher; adversity is a greater. William Hazlitt
RT CROSS camp was awesome! C u all next year!
aren't you coming home for easter?
RT : “: Just wrapped 's video and WOW, they have such beautiful energy!” thanks:) it was a...
Sounds great. Let us know if you would like anyone else to go. Should be really interesting to see everyone in one place (Vegas).
eat n' park for breakfast after ortho for le knee.... Skipping global all together today..since everyone knows i hate that class:]
^KOAA 5 A new study shows people may lie more when text messaging. That study was done out of Wichita Kansas. What do you think? Have you...
Individuals who deliberately decide not to take offense lead happier, more productive lives.
Good morning gorgeous...RT : Good morning
#knicks will never win big road games with D'Antoni as the coach. Sitting Melo in the 4th quarter of a close must-win game?
LECRAE HATES POLISH PEOPLE RT : Was invited to hang out with some major hip hop artists but I don't do establishments with poles
that was pretty good. That girl loves the Pack.
If you could know the moment you meet your true love, would you want to? That's the question asked by Timer -Tribeca Film Festival. 5 stars!
Check again. it's fixed
turning up my music and gonna finish strong
RT : Q for - do any publishers supply a code with a physical book so you can read and e-read it? Good Q.
Panties covers TWO things dumbass!!
didn't realize such a small word could have so many syllables. I like Lily.
just found out about bread pudding french toast. that sounds like something they serve in heaven.
How you think about a problem is more important than the problem itself. So always think positively
This Flyers/Penguins game is FIRE! Philly ties it after falling behind 3-0 early on. Yeah, it's playoff time!
Rihanna, Chris Brown Twitter Diss: Singer Un-Follows Ex After He Blasts Her on New Song
Happy birthday, Aron. Are you a packers reporter or fan?
When i finally think i'm over you, you have to do something that draws me back in.
#ChobotKnows That mix can also create diarrhea.
hm. "chocolate sommelier". Not loving it!
Yawn and back in the room
Thx for judging AND for the nerf gun: both very awesome! ": Awesome hanging out and judging innovation projects"
Another beautiful Sunday, another beautiful game of basketball..great workout! I love this game
Thanks for sharing this!
yay!! I'm excited!!
Merci :) Follow back ?
Picking up tracks from the studio.
ya mama jp
Instead of thankful my dad said thankul lol
It's All About You is now on twitter follow us here please RT
Oh man, it's a long walk to the space needle from
if you think you know something, then you don't know it the way you supposed to know it....
don't I know it. I'm still gonna harvest your eyeballs.
May's off to a crappy start
` Just wishing things could go back to normal ...
First lunch in new house. Open-faced tuna bagel with Monterey jack.. After an hour+ putting up shelf liners, tastes EXTRA good.
Face down in the dirt, she said this doesn't hurt, she said I finally had enough.
One hell of an article! Nice work!
No! I'm bouta get on there
school is NOT cool! Blehhhhhh
tell your play by play guy its hah-mess...Joe Hammes
follow me please? :)
Exactly. There's no reason for Hammer and Vanko to be 2 characters & making them so creates more problems than it solves.
Visited El Gaucho in Bellevue last week. Perfect place to celebrate my birthday. Nice to be welcomed back by GM David Scherling.
We hope you had fun bowling with us! We're big fans of --- Happy Holidays!
:) Follow back please? <3
Pretty sure I need some partners for some Modern Warfare 3 on Xbox LIVE right about now... Who's coming with me? Gamertag: BluePhaze 24x7
#Broncos apologized to #49ers for filming a practise
how can you have such a Christlike brother and be such a misguided bookreading liberal yourself? ugh
If u ain't fuckin I gets dropped off
Looking good!
I've read some shitty compilations of year-end lists from for a while now, but that was by far the shittiest.
I don't count dogs & cats.
Just go for the pan dulce. You'll be fine. ;-)
idk man. I'll play it but I'm not buying that shit. I bought the last one and played for about a month.
When neighbors ask you 4 deets about new owners, share basic info but not too many details, esp if there are kids involved. They will meet.
but why ? He's so precious and Sexy!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Hi - I work for & we would love to have you speak at our monthly event #BursonSocialHour! DM me for details.
I sense that men's hats are making a comeback.
2011 is ending, send this to 15 people that you don't want to lose in 2012 if you receive at least 7,you are a dear person <U+2665>
I really need to get the "in progress" pics of my recent works off of my camera
i want one
": Sex is not the answer. Sex is the question. "Yes" is the answer." HA
text CHAMBERS to 22828 or sign up at www.chambers-sf.com for exclusive invites and more info on our "Sunday Summer Series"
take care and feel better soon
or a fuck from Pacquiao? ": do you think you could survive a punch in the face from Pacquiao?"
yea let me know if u find somethin, cuz I didn't...
Koven and I tried to preview it but couldn't finish due to meetings. :)
You want me to do something... tell me I can't do it. -Maya Angelou
Just turned off the useless #wiprimary hashtag. I'm sticking with #madvote. Let's do it again in a month!
break a leg
RT : If you are @ a Disney park this weekend, grab yourself a Cutesters Too Vinylmation! Brand new, all Maria Clapsis originals!
Love spent, feeling love spent,yeah I'm love spent, wondering where the love went.....
If this continues, you will really lose me.
Fine and you??
Im thinkin bout tonite , what am i doing tonite
Baby, shut your mouth and turn me inside out.
tell ur dad we are ready for.the BBQ offerings
I'm going to sleep now.
I wanna see OT but that's just my opinion
follow please babe xx
idk maybe. I'll check in the morning. :P it's not like it matters though. You don't have to hand it in!! XD
RT RT It's A Boring Ass Saturday.
Maryland fb uniforms look like a NASCAR, there's no place for that in cfb
Woke up at 12. Can barely keep my eyes open
What ups Rose, are you still writing?
My ringtone is still the Crispy Chicken cover version. I'm colored jonesin' outta style that fast.
i voted!!!!! and i will boat tomorrow too!!!! <333
sure. You're just so sweet Michael. Haha.
it's a wii that keeps giving a "disc can't be read" error. Of some sort.
Here we go barca!
oh yeah!!!!! Hahahaha what would she say??
Someone should come procrastinate with me on campus. Im bored
you have a nice butt, just sayin... ;)
I vote for in the Shorty Awards Finals for #nonprofits because we need to help the animals
Ichiro with a single. How many times have u heard that before?
RT RT : After the documentary, the room was speechless in the General President's suite
The most valuable thing you can make is a mistake – you can’t learn anything from being perfect. – Adam Osborne
One mile to every inch. Your skin like porcelain. One pair of candy lips and your bubblegum tongue.
Only the best day of my life ....
Come on #DallasCowboys need a great halftime motivational speech!
In some ways it still feels like segregation now, segregation forever in this great land of ours..
Oh my gosh! That's minutes of fun for Lucy! (For her minutes are like hours.) :) Adding to the pro-iPad column.
#Huguely attorney: we have evidence the couple was friendly two days before Love's death.
it sucked wasn't worth watching just a heads up lol
A whole lecture on Twitter and Facebook...
Highly recommend that exhibit. Fascinating to see how much worse/better D.C. could have been.
gotta love it. we do try. I have an admin that emails TNT letters, but some get missed.
. #holisticmoms Oh, yeah, I forgot about empty room fears. Going down the dark basement steps by yourself? Still scary.
Looking for a Site Catalyst expert in San Diego for a full-time position at Active Network (Active.com).
I used to be use to but i never got use to being what i use to
I finished 'The Walking Dead' season 1 rental on blu-ray. Hopefully soon will have season 2 as well. Awesome show!
Your pathetic & your a hoe. Ctfu
Omg where is the sun! Come on LA I live here for a reason!
Lmfao at making up Algebra quizzes..
ull get smoked john
Aye u can come on Saturday again homie
I love my job! I love my job! I love my job! I love my job! I love my job! /:
best trending thing is #Word (: <3
Suzie- Thx for the follow. Good luck with your career. U might like R live online casting director/agent workshops. Best
Just added a new dessert to our menu, Lucuma Tiramisu aka "Lucumisu"
Atta Boy Indiana Pacers (A year ago I hated them)
Thank you! RT : mother's day #FF to women who support children (who aren't nec bio moms)
Witnessed hit-run on Bryant & Second. Pedestrian injured. Vehicle, a white truck, took off east on Bryant. Police at the scene.
I just put the link up on my profile. Thank you for the help
had a good day thanks to you. Your the best baby. I<U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0087>
u must be trippin why u hating
"You are no more a servant, but a son; and if a son, then an heir of God through Christ."~Galatians 4:7
That's from all those crab legs and garlic butter, blueyze! That's what you get for now saving me some! LOL
Nelta is over... Can't say I'm not happy to hear that. :)
Hey cvillers--my band gold spur is playing for free tonight 930pm at the pigeon hole on elliewood
You do not have learn to how to sin. You have to learn how to be righteous
!! and I missed u this am! Need you back in our lives ASAP! Xo
#IWillAlwaysLove CLASSIC ARTIST'S..
Seems like a PULSE kind of day!! :) #sexyboywithgorgeousblueeyes :P
let me guess... its bob matthews?
nope. I dont have one either...
we should!!! lets go!!! I actually want to go
Thanks for the suggestion! We'll check into him. Anything else, feel free to email.
cajuns don't eat at bistros
if you follow me I think it would my week :)
Haha!! Love it!
updating the #ZimboFilms wordpress site with new production pictures, as well as the synopsis and trailer of our new film.
Shut the fudge up. You little asstronaut. What the helicopters are u doing? You son of a batch of cookies! That's how you cuss a kid out.
Don't wanna go school
Absolutely -- especially by train! RT : #kidlitchat I travel when possible.
Anybody in paragould wanna chill tonight?
It's five in the morning which means the composition deadline for 24HOP is in ONE HOUR...it's going to be a rush to the finish!!!
Google #chrome I think these font issues you are having are pushing us apart...I think we should take a break from each other, sorry :(
its worse when I have to drive to your house from my house... Haha
well, you know what they say: you can pick your friends but you can't pick your kardashians.
RT DO YOU KNOW WHAT WOULD BE MORE PRODUCTIVE THAN TYING YOUR STOMACH. A HEALTHY DIET AND EXERCISE. YOU STUPID FUCKERS.
Even badasses have feelings so don't f*** with them :((( <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
It's disgustingly hot inside my house.
I am doing great sugar. How is life in bogota? \m/
RT : Follow our friends at ! We have a great deal with them on the horizon for a guided electric bike tour!...
Independent sales professionals needed for merchant services brokerage. email resume to
At my age, the road to the ultimate orgasm requires a check LOL
I'll keep you guys posted as I continue to make progress!!!!
Those Corvids are all smart!
I'm not overweight but I don't look like you. I'm going to lose weight this summer, I'm excited about it.
well we'll just get some extra practice to get ready to kick your ass next week :) see you then!
Main event starting now!!
#11millionbarbz Im One
Justice Kennedy: "That changes the relationship of the individual to the federal government."
pretty sure most of the people there do not live there. In college I lived on university ave not sure what I could do to stop it
I'm with you there. I guess I'll have to go with the Devils in the East. I have a lot of dislike for the Rangers crying.
Some of the tweets didn't show on chat. Doing good. Don't spend a lot of time on twitter lately. Couldn't miss #Goodnites, tho
Totally and utterly addicted to white cheddar puffs from Trader Joe's
Nope. Just tired. Lol. But I have to take a shower & everything. FML. x
Happy Nurses Week! "Nursing encompasses an art, a humanistic orientation, a feeling for the value of the individual, and an intuitive...
Get your ass out of here! Haha
at the Neighborhood Law Clinic session
sunny winters, metal splinters, outside centers,exit enters
speed typing is very possible on the iPad. I'm touch typing at 65 wpm. Our typing trainer app certainly helped.
that's my neck of the woods. Have fun my brother!
My personality!
She is so doable!.
My mom knows better not to make any plans on thursday bc it's 's blog tv day :)
I'm gone beyond repair
This kids are such brats.
DS: LMAO MLB is voiding the Orioles' signing of the 17-year old Korean pitcher. If they could void Peter Angelos' life I'd be fucking PUMPED
In the past week, we received 2 calls for help. We were found on the first page of Google for Senior Services!! GOD is good.
I love hiking and taking long bicycle rides during the summer. What is ur favorite time of yr to be active outdoors and what do u like 2 do?
Gotta wake up early for my doctors appointment, oh well text me :)
wheres my phone? dude its in your pocket man. oh yeah.
ugh ghetto kids that evolve into ghetto people = the reason the economy sucks.
#StudioLife Working hard
maybe my retweet will help boost your followers :)
Thanks! Always nice to have more pix!
soo pretty much... your amazing.
That player shit<<<<<< how old are u? Grow TF up
Before 2012 I Want To FOllow ME <3 :')
At the Childish Gamino concert!!!!!! Firefly
#SYTYCD is all the better with on the panel. Just watched Wed's episode. "GardenGnome to GardenGnome killed me!
RT RT : African American women make 62 cents to the white male dollar, at a loss of $19,575 per year.
You get what I'm saying? Do you dofollow me?
Well...I tried alcohol detox for 4-5 days and I blew it last night. Hard. I might be dying--heh.
It would be catch-22 for me. I'd use my spent coffee grounds to brew me a cup before going out to by coffee to brew a cup.
Bout 2 bust heads on dese bones
I very rarely check the DMs on twitter sorry my bad...We are also on FB at Central CA CLUW if you would like to learn more :)
Spring break is way to short
I can't explain why I'm on a trolley; I won't explain why my hands and feet are covered in glue.
Sum things r really amazing 2 me
His legs are like peanut butter, easy to spread!
Whoops, make that !
Phillies turning corner??? This weekend will tell.
#panera dinner with a long-lost friend...hopefully this ends well.
like father like son!
yea we got a Label NVMe.Ent we did a show last night opening 4 pyrexx he wit ABN
oh, believe me, I don't care. It's the thing that gets keyed on in Twitter war. It was an attempted handlebar, yes.
Pleased Sanitation picked up all the liquor bottles & I set out for recycling. Benefit: less trash being dumped on Hollins St.
By myself all day , again, fucking great.
I'll have it :)
Damn WE IS THROWING SEVEN YEARS OF FRIENDSHIP AWAY
congrats on your new ABQ location. Say hi to Thomas for me. Can't wait for my Lumpy burger!
I still need to do my hw so I'm staying up Goodnight to you guys! Love ya guys too! <3
the mclaughlin group could really benefit from the introduction of a talking stick
Do you have a example of a page you like so I can have a clear vision of exactly what your looking for.
#np charlie brown
you must!
happy mother's day to my mom and everyone else mom
I appreciated your walk of win on ATH today. I was trying to figure out if the people behind you were actually real.
Thanks for following!
Jess Greenwood: Heineken's multi-device strategy. The game on your mobile device is linked to the soccer game running on TV.
like my arms when we was doing dem pushups
is Scott Peoli able to find a coach that can do this because I don't think he can
shopping till I drop today in Florence. About to spend way too much money.
Rule 5, you're an idiot
thanks for the tips! I'll let you know how it goes. leaving dubai for next time...
Cool RT : #EarthWeek - did you know Ingles recycles cooking oil?
I just saw a guy getting frisked on the side of the road. Haha someone's having a shitty day.
Thanks for the retweet
You claim to not be gay yet you care about your looks as much as I do.......
i think the burning plain looks pretty good, if i may
If you held 8 roses in front of a mirror, you would see 9 of the most beautiful things in the world.
Some people really do baffle me.
May 28th! And don't worry, I've been slowing down on them as well because of work and school. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2>
RT": I always say I'm going to sleep but then I end up listening to music for hours lol #ilovecountrymusic" Addicted..me too!
Thanks! How's the weather in Charleston? Coming your way in several weeks!
Fun night tonight, that In N out burger just hit the spot though!
u were pleasure to watch on floor great rookie yr did u give to stiemsma
West Baltimore
This rap shit these nighas ain't about it
cannot wait release our new stuff to you guys :) and, as an added bonus, the new EP will be 100% free. get stoked!!
low lives with computers
for RT and the follow.
It's a bit dry at parts and mind numbing to say the least. But it's incredible. It's about quantum physics and existentialism.
have fun at prom!!!
OMG WERE THEY GOOD
#worldpeace just punched a dude.. now the crowd is chanting 'world peace'
Park Ridge Community Calendar for the week of May 10, 2012
I'll probably watch it. Been busy today getting ready for my graduation and the reception that I'm having tomorrow. Excited!
I know! It's so weird.
Who knew that US men could kick butt in Nordic Combined? Not me.
the sickness goes in new, fun directions! Higher fever, headache. Not so much of the vomiting, though!
hey hey! what is up!?
Amazing how many people have tried to do project management and time tracking systems and yet no one has gotten it right.
Lmao wow oka i like the new Brodus Clay xD now time to watch CM Punk kick some ass !!
Why does ebook conversion have to be so wonky? Geesh.
: thanks for the MT friend!!!
Help us ninja!!!
Did you end up setting up a GoogDoc for "Playing Doing History" ? I have some notes to add
There's a beauty to wisdom and experience that cannot be faked
Mr. Rally Killer great job Barajas
even more so is the fact I have very little personal interest in the issue.
Might make sense if classrooms were not overcrowded.
Damn! I'm pastey!
The best way to gain self-confidence is to do what you are afraid to do. ~Author Unknown
Thinking about starting an ARTreach Do you know of any good kid-friendly #craft boards to follow?
Damn fire drill scared the shit out of me<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
Kinda excited for school...I'm sure that will change by the time morning actually comes!
Gratitude for the RTs!
Although... Jessica and Joshua as the two finalists would be quite a finale!!! Or Jessica and Hollie.
Wait a minute. Was that guest-starring in an #APTwit2.4 final video today?
Welcome to 1Direction academy! I'm ur drama teacher Mr.Tomlinson or Mr.Tommo.
No sponsors this week, but feel free to bring nachos for the group.
slightly considering skipping Defending the Gate. No riders, expensive gas. Interested parties: talk me into going.
Yes! Do not ask me to video edit or CAD on an #iPad ... Frustrated I would be!
Tampa Rays ML -125 take that to the bank!
Creating a New Racial Order edited by Jennifer L. Hochschild F'00 et al now available from
Deja vu! Dr. Ken Cavender-Bares keynote reminds me of my last library job interview presentation on "Grand Challenges" (:
so proud that is bring good amd new people to our fair city. Good luck too all running especially
Boca BeerFest next Fri. night! 100+ beers +wine. See Audio Heist, The Ever After, & A New Way To Live Forever. Get ur tix now.
Maybe if you were nicer to the lunch ladies, they wouldn't be assholes... You assholes.
I feel it..I've been laying downs a few lines here and there lol def gotta get u on some stuff in the near future!
Netflix what happen to my Instant queue? Anyone else having that problem?
I'm going to go deaf dealing with him lol
Can't sleep :/
I hate doing study guides ._.
RT : RT : Lead from within. Open your heart a little. The light within waits to change the world.
Great panel for discussion on using social media to drive lead gen -- looking forward to learning their POVs.
oh snap! ok leaving my office now...
Enjoyed myself at mizzou today
ha! I have a habit of picking the ugliest pumpkin I can find. Its like charlie brown's x-mas tree for me
"I'd offer you breakfast, but you didn't make any."
Can't believe people still fear library automation as a job killer. In my library (at least) it creates more work not less!
How are we late if you guys were at lunch????? WTFF! I'm so pissed off right now. First it was basketball, now I Can't do Volley Ball.
Working Group Report-Outs. Education: Ledermans still need to work on definitions and to focus on the purpose of the integration
My Favorite Rappers-Beastie Boys, Eminem. White Boys got skills.
Zodiac and Shoes | If The Shoe Doesn&#39;t Fit
Good Morning ( :
#ICONicBoyzOnEllen trend it ICONiacz DO IT !!!!!! BE ICONic !!!yeah buddy!
When your team loses, you can't watch ESPN for at least 24 hours man. Fuck.
That's it. I am buying the Pastorkids a copy of Reign in Blood.
When the ONLY person that thinks you look good is YOU, just smile and tell everyone else, that's all I need.
Yes its awful blasted boring! * voice*
George Lamond Bad of the Heart
I'm already escaping with a good, long book, Adriana Trigiani's The Shoemaker's Wife. Nice to follow/meet you.
I've been tracking the calories I eat the last 2 days and they almost always make it under 1000/day and I'm eating normally.
you better teach him some respect
Touching down in Beaumont for some steaks. Hitting downtown Houston tonight.
Yep. But then that's true of most of coastal FL (and Orlando)!
Cleveland let the Royals win?!?!?! BURN THE RIVER!!!
Those Text Messages That You NEVER Want To Erase >>>
in order to get the other prize you need to get more people to follow me... okay.
Nowhere - ABSOLUTELY NOWHERE - will ever touch Richmond, VA.
it's nutritious, it's just not posted
Hi everyone. Is there a topic tonight?
I'm watching the movie. Obvi.
- yes it was
Board now considering Imagine Schools. Department recommends that charters be revoked for all charters.
First day of #PAX East is complete! Looking forward to doing it all over again tomorrow.
oh dang that stinks! I HATE SHOTS.
Where hopefulness becomes a habit, happiness will follow. ~NVP
There are racial divisions in Richmond that have yet to be overcome/healed
“: Finals period has got me wanting to say the N-word. I dont know what that means. Maybe someone else can sympathize" um no
Orlando is always busy... lol
I can't recall which formulation is suggested (none are perfect), but all t-bill trading bakes-in market's guess abt inflation.
I average 2-ish on Thursdays. I play in a rec league until about 10 and come home and try and sleep for work at 5.
Oh, I so need a glass of wine tonight. No, not glass. Bottle.
how long is it 45 min or an hour?
So the guy came and got his phone ha.
I've watched the hangover 100 times and I still can't stop laughing!.
ITS 56 DEGREES HERE STILL IN MESA BUT IT LOOKS LIKE IT'S GONNA RAIN FOR THE NEXT 3 DAYS NONSTOP WITCH IS WEIRD
I'm not enjoying the all or nothing offense this year.
Who WASN'T nominated for Golden Globe? Justin Timberlake for Social Network and Megamind for best animated Feature Film. Boo!
rum, bourbon, whiskey, and scotch with sweet vermouth and cherry.
thanks love!
If you can't change your fate, change your attitude. -Amy Tan
Watchin me some
Is there a mechanism by which I—a non-customer—can easily pay for the renewal of someone else's redemption-period domain?
49 Minutes till Christmas.(:
apparently! Now I'm left all alone by myself <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
Note to self: next time you go to pick items of questionable freshness out of your sandwich, think twice about eating it at all. #still sick
I totally deserve that ;)
Putting sponsorship agreements together
I failed Math so many times I can't even count.
I 2nd Bill Cunningham and Tucker and Dale vs. Evil.
a woman I met recently wanted to guess my occupation. I told her it starts with A and she would never get it
“: Manny Acta stated today that Jack Hannahan is day to day with lower back tightness. Felt it Sunday in Fenway” ugh
Some big things on the horizon for my other band, Sound of Cancer! Stay tuned peeps :) You may be seeing a lot more of us here soon!
- Awesome news, congratulations!
thanku...it is appreciated...
Rollie Fingers just stopped us and asked us how the pedal tavern works.
NO! I HATE THEM
very .... allot of political pressure
Let the madness begin!!! Go Lobos!!!
you are tweeting so much it's making me want to unfollow you
idk ha sure
She say shit gone catch up wit me...we'll Ill keep toilet paper wit me!!
Steve Blake obviously learned a lot from Fisher & that is come thru in crunch time when needed yeaahhhhhhhhh boyeeeeeeeeeee!!!
There are only three certainties in life: death, taxes, and Guitar Center is having a sale this weekend.
fuck yeah jack and alex on punk'd!
QUOTE OF THE DAY "Missing a short putt does not mean you have to hit your next drive out of bounds." - Henry Cotton So true!!!
Baseball is about to start!
Namely, my mother.
Our needs to come visit us more often cause her mentions are going through the roof!
Your pastor will tell you "Bitch ya single till ya married , stop ya blood clot crying over his ass ,you don't want the same shit". NEXT!
lol, makes two of us!!
Elite Eight baby!
That's a terrible turnover.
I don't get it - why did you not take the day off to be here? Cubs. Wrigley. Opening Day. A certain beer. Not to be missed!
Coach class is nothing like business class; sometimes its worth paying to upgrade.smh
The speed of the leader determines the rate of the pack. -Wayne Lukas
LOYAL females >>>>>
I love that movie.
excited to start tweeting!
i remember one he should've had that was a crazy game
Ftw is a little harsh but it wouldn't hurt to make her cum once in a while.
booked it!
Game On! USTA tennis match tonight, great sport! Hydrate & safe #peanutfree fuel!
Good morning. Deep rich Colombian & House blend brewed this morning. Baking cookies and the shop smells great! The medium John Rogers @ 7pm.
it's about to get fun. When starters are hurt or ineffective, Ron is really good at using his bench
Nothings better than finding out that your ex has a new girlfriend that absolutely looks like a model
Drop it to the floor, Make that ass shake. Woah make the ground move, that’s an ass quake.
Thanks for the RT! We LOVE
I need plans for tonight!
I was an officer. I don't consider it an insult. ;)
did you?
Can't wait to give my mom her presents tomorrow<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
Awesome! Thanks! We're hoping to do a summer webinar series on apps, with this being the first. Happy happy, joy joy!
thank you. I like that one a lot.
pretty shitty. I'm tired and didn't do any of my homework haha. how bout you?
super yum! turkey kabobs (indian style), cauliflower and some fish sticks just to clean out some leftovers :)
Thank God For Another Day-
preach sister!
Not happy with being traded. And CP3 becoming a Laker. -_-
Apparently #Smash & #Glee fsns discovered something this week some of us knew all along: Smash & Glee suck.
THAT GROWN MAN SH%T ON DECK MAD BUTTON DOWNS 10DEEP KID ROBOT STUSSY PLAY CLOTHS & ROCK SMITH !! WE KEEP AZ SEXXY
Hi mate! watch on my site littleliars(dot)org,latest Pretty Little Liars se2 episodes online,free access!100%
Oh how I love early call times.
Well, this is exciting: "Your manuscript will be reviewed and you will be notified of our decision within 8-12 weeks"
Motorcycle vs Toyota Tacoma on SB ramp to I-205 from JCB
we have confirmed & have invited hoping they can come!
congrats on your first half marathon !
Empowering youth...inspiring bravery...
aw thanks! me and o are besties now. i thought she'd let me be on the cover, but apparently we're not as close as i thought.
Ladies night tonight!! $5 Three Olives Vodka and $3 wine...
Just 2 more hours until the event today. I'm taking some time to do 1 more run through & some kickboxing to get fired up! See you there!
bubba! Bubba ! Bubba! Could Phil possibly do any more fist pumps? 1 is enough, 2 is playing to the patrons, 3 is obnoxious.
I'm sleeping through the day, I'm trying not to fade.... SING IT WITH ME BRAH!!! ;D
Great Meeting with today. So smart and ubber talented!
I still have no problem with the secret service whorehouse fiasco. I just hope they call the whole thing Whore-Gate
Happy birthday beautiful
Thanks Beau! Happy
and because the movement is decentralized it is truly democratic. It's an interesting social experiment none-the-less. Interesting.
now you're calling me stupid? Classy.
dentist before practice...
text me!!!!! Like now
Just caved and cracked open an energy drink. Far too early.
HAHAH I'm SHARY I blacked out<f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0091>
30 minutes. I can't really wait any longer!
Punk'd just is not the same without Ashton Kutcher..
i know man, Im excited!
You ever see someone and think to yourself - man he/she looks like a murderer?! I think I'm the only one
Prayerless people are carnal people. - J. T. Pugh in For Preachers Only
Finishing assignment 6 early has allowed me to lay around and watch the Law & Order: SVU marathon all afternoon... :D
Need a women's #cruiser for the summertime? Check out www.dealshow.com right now!
Cant fall asleep...
Oh yes, God has been good today (and everyday)!
I just slept 11 hrs. Trying to shake off the #bruisecruise . My bed is still rocking like a boat though. Need to get my land legs back ASAP.
David DeCastro will be the Starting Left Guard for
Classes begin next week. Looking forward to reconnecting with everyone.
#Np - Frank ocean ;
#blogchat Nicely put - if the blog is authentic and informative, the right audience will come repeatedly.
Plus his general disposition @ the table is ssseeexxxyyy
Too many of my bad dreams involve bears.
This book is going to stun the world. Right after it's done beating the crap out of me. *giggle*
When it is good to have 2 tvs in the house- Downton Abbey vs Giants playoff game
I hate reviewing in class. It reminds me just how screwed i am for the test.
hahahaha finally someone says this!
What if Nicki Minaj just said EFF IT, and did a triple release of "Automatic, Pound the Alarm, & Whip It." songs of the summer?! KA-BAM
I thank God for friends who will drop everything and help you when you need it. I hope to be that kind of friend too.
aka Dale Flattum, ultra/infra-designer, ex Steel Pool Bathtub, Milk Cult, etc only has 64 followers? Bad Twitter. FOLLOW!
The one person I'd never have thought would give into her eyes.. Does everyday.
stone roses ftw, always.
What I mean by moms? my blood mom & <3
The TwoUnionSq team perfectly executes stellar c. service- even when the line is endless. Well done.
Happy birthday babe :)
and to answer your question, probably not.
Laziest day's i've had in a while ! Love it !
People need to get off Claude Julien's butt... one blitz of goals decided this game... It's game one, though. Long way to go.
New on HAL: Librarian from Spain looking for English children's books to buy. [helpalibrarian.com]
I celebrate that the orchid my husband gave me for Valentine's is still alive. And that my husband gives me orchids.
Good morning to you too king...bless up :)
Have fun and get mad skillz for the both of us!
sorry, it happens. ;)
put the pic of you and alex as your profile pic
Yippee..I'm on Spotify..more tracks coming soon :):)
Shout out to my green goblins
Well, that can't happen. The flyers bang chicks, not each other. We're not the pens.
never thought u would read
I see 11 wins no problemo
Chad you'd fit right in. LOL
I already know who I'm hiring for my wedding for music. I told my mom.
You're not alone.....It happens to me alot too. :)
SO FUCKING BORING who wants to burn?
I will try the Cinnamon Tingle.
Great tip! Now I need to learn the "how" :-)
my shower .
Skyrim is overrated definitely
Anyone have a recommendation for a caterer in Austin? We're thinking about working with one for our 2yr anniversary party. ^dr
Today's lesson: Don't call ugly in the presence of myself, , or
Thanks for the link :)
that's good!!* lol
oh shit u watch boardwalk empire see I knew u was a gangsta Bitch aha Judi got her Ass beat!!!!
The worst thing to hear when on hold: "There are zero callers ahead of you." - then why am I waiting? -<U+0E4F>_<U+0E4F>
Is that music in hear in #TheAmazingSpiderman trailer?
Love the aggressive base running by the #Brewers today!
n the textbook and off the internet!
it's true
how are things bro? What you up to these days?
Responded to FIRE @ 1123 Ave K, Brooklyn, NY 11230 and helped 3 Residents. Red Cross auto update.
Put my popsicle in the microwave, cause YOLO!
Just got the kindlefire. I'm a fan so far.
did u hear thunder? “: I gotta say, now that Ive heard "You Want It All", it's now my fave song over "Humbled"
RT RT : RT : <U+2605> "Just remember, once you're over the hill you begin to pick up speed." ~Schopenhauer
Nomad live tonight at Kinky Star, Ghent. 9 pm. Fun!
thank you very much!
So bummed about this Packers game right now, feel like I'm having a bad dream!
So fake. She's really a 6-7 dude from Dubuque.
I'm literally the best egg tosser. Undefeated since Nam.
haha i know you're lying, but ima take your word!
I think that's a testament to how bad GM/owner Jerry Jones is at the game of football or anything involved with it.
Amazing Valentines Day<3
i'm coughing, too. been sick for a week now:-(
Open bar FTW! Enjoy. I'm golfing this afternoon and then it's soccer games and yard work this weekend.
"The bell doesn`t dismiss you." "Then it dosen`t tell me when to arrive either."
Go get'em with the new biz, Matt. Happy New Year!
Attn: #CapHillDC! >> #NavyYard peeps: don't forget that Potbelly opened today in -- new lunch option!
After the season = 3 more games
Is it weird that I have a deep-seated, long-standing love for Corinne Bohrer and her acting-career survivalism?
yeah, same here!!
I have a new cubicle neighbor who is typing really loudly and listening to music over speakers instead of headphones, great...
OMG!!!! Let's go tonight and watch the stars!!!!
:-) RT : thank you so much for the #FF! have an awesome weekend RT
he Pisses me off. He cheated on his gf with like four girls and claims he will have her back and she's just being bipolar .__.
I'm a fan of the Memphis Grizzlies. Zachary Randolph is set to return against the Lakers. Will Memphis make a deep run in the playoffs?
I will never not dance to Tainted Love when it comes on. I feel like & would understand.
My daughter is in a competition to win a sewing machine, pls take a moment and visit this link...if you like her work pls vote for her, Than
Meeting today about designing sustainable farm hand housing in the Hudson Valley.
I just found the information about the bulk accounts, thanks :)
why do some people argue with other people about facebook being better than twitter. personally i think twitter is better.
It is like watching paint dry.
Please find a veteran or a soldier this weekend, and shake his or her hand.
Too many unforced turnovers
leave my class room please i can smell you from here !
Working on my #minimarathon playlist tonight. Any song recommendations?
Mhmm , ... Fake Ass Too Much For Herself
ill miss you<3
Wishing & the best in 2012! -Adam
i just made it through the sensabough tunnel! success!
yay can't wait! Lol <3 was it fun working with nick Mara?
whenever they let her out of the dungeon. You know it. Is there a site to submit Lil'est Keenan names? (Fader Keenan!)
Ankiel vs. Savery - the ex-pitcher vs. ex-hitter
I'm all for protecting the QB but the personal fouls for late hits/ unnecessary roughness have gotten ridiculous.
Gingras: Journalists need new methods, forms & tools -- but most of all, commitment passion & creativity. Me: J-Schools need to act!
#SkySAN supports up to 28 x FCoE ports in a single 3U. Can your storage do that? #whitepaper Learn more here: bit.ly/omfyas
true dat, another loss :-(
this team will lose 80/90 games without better hitters. Either management needs to step up or enjoy losing.
RFT“: Long nights with no one to talk too <”
I happy heart them too! Thanks so much, and thanks for the follow!
Whatever you believe you can do, begint it. Boldness has genius, power & magic in it.
A journey of a thousand sites begins with a single click.
Awesome. :) That's right up there with a friend of mine who claims that Swedish is the language of the future!
It's time to risk everything again.
Your mother was an amazing women, whos legacy continues to inspire me & others to get involved with Special Olympics.
Now running to the store lol Smh
Expenses: plane $509, cabs $57, food $35. Will play 1 or 2 single table satellites at Rio tonight. Single tables all day tomorrow also.
Passing through New Jersey, the hairy armpit of the USA.
Thanks for this- just signed up, will do this with my family!
Ya could set a full round of drinks on that booty
Well id prefer we kept it on the same page
Filming Street Vibes in Reno NV. The owner of the local cigar bar is still running for sheriff in Carson NV.
Wine Riot!
I think #nfl network needs to turn this in a #movieoftheweek "When 2 QBs passed TDs"
iMold: Steve Jobs current physical state.
Getting ready for work
Whoever feels like telling their friends to follow and that their music is free for download at www.blasesplee.com is amazing<3
Production commences today of our new rebranded products!
Glad you're enjoying the festivities! RT : #downtownemployeeappreciation at Red Arrow! Thanks guys
On front rail for my morning jacket jazzfest show!
Actually tweet your followers back. Wow. Famous people actually do use their accounts.
good line -->?“: "Judge each day not by it's harvest, but by the seeds you plant" #foodforthought”
In StarBucks!!! If homeboy walk away from his MACBOOK PRO one more time, he gonna come up short. I'm just saying!!! #J/KbutSlightlySerious
Our Winds, your Sails
dont get too cocky, now. ;)
thanks for the follow
on my mama
You're ruining my Utopian fantasy. Haha.
FWD: : How awesome that World Book Night has goal of giving away a million free paperbacks on April 23! Volunteers can sign ...
I respect that
I'm looking for a great Wordpress Blog tutorial....Anyone have any ideas.
I have a whole new respect for quilters...all that cutting and angles. Sew hard.
Finally seriously re-starting work on my long-overdue, non-library-related research project. BTW, CiteULike is awesome.
I spent the night alone watching Law and Order...usual Friday :/
Did Metta Just Take A Hit of Kool-aid?
Love your designs
Got to the bit about entropy in The Information—now get both what you were trying to convey and why it's counterintuitive.
I would like a video game to replicate the experience of driving 65mph in heavy traffic and only letting you win when you don't crash.
AMEN to that!
Sick of receiving bad news after bad news especially now! This is supposed to be #Thanksgiving wknd? Ughh 1 of those times when you say FML.
On relax mode.
Thanks That's nice to hear from you, guru of all things messed up with property taxes. And thanks for the list.
I am at the Especially Me conference & loving it 3>
I will bring the 'I love Dinosaurs' tee-shirts tomorrow, so if you want one bring $5 because this friday is definitely Dinosaur Friday!!
Just interviewed Tory Burch for TheFashionWalk.com! -Amy Salinger
RT : All in favor of flipping the pillow to enjoy the cooler side....RT
The sun is out in Ohio - just in time for a road trip to #kipcamp ! Looking forward to seeing and a great conversation 2nite!
Name wrong *Continued from last tweet!* They act like they've liked tem 4ever but they haven't.
We are doing upgrades this weekend! Bigger and Better site coming soon...
Just saw the movie Red Tails. Amazing!! Who's seen it? What did you think?
Hey girl. Opening reception for the summer shows on Thursday, 6-8pm if you swing that way.
Fine Art Event: 100 Paintings in 100 Days for 100 Dollars each - Daily painting 38 is finished! www.timhovde.com
iLove You To!!
how bad is the 10 torn up??
#ThoughtsAtAHouseParty where's the music? Haha
I Don't Like Joshua... Don't Know Why. I Just Don't.
Get on the bus, get on the road to equality.
Huge debt of gratitude goes out to for yet another donation. We can't thank you enough! Our reigning AIR MARSHAL!
“: just heard you and on kiss. That is awesome. Song was sick. Keep doing your thing guys.” much love!!!
Completed my first screencast today and it turned out better than expected although I still hate to hear my recorded voice!
“: We're too young for relationships. Where are the friends with benefits at? :-)”
So many May 7 birthdays. Happy birthday, and !
So glad we don't have school tomorrow
“: Starting to feel like a job matchmaker! Nearly daily asks for contacts who might be a good fit for various Do you need help
#UN needs to bring in #UNK coaches! RT : Doc Sadler is on the clock.
If the world was perfect it wouldn't be, Happy Birthday Yogi!
Gorillas in the mist
heard a song called "i shall believe" by matt brouwer on i love the slowness & sincerity of it.
Vegas was fun, wild and... interesting. haha Returned with a serious foot injury, so that's great!
SexTips Trivia: While 14% of men say they didn't enjoy sex the 1st time, over 60% of women say they didn't enjoy their 1st time ohno
Its not too late for some TBT right? lol
Oaks makes me feel sick sometimes
League of Legends fails, Blizzard fails, Virgin Mobile fails. Fuck my life.
Appreciate free outs.
#DrupalCampLA is this weekend. There are over300 people registered! Are you going? If so see you there...
Celebrating Mother's Day tonight with dinner at Adelle's.
Sorry, where is what? RT : and where is that
<---die hard laker fan
not sure what you mean by that. what did I leave open?
happy easter to all of my twats!!
The student manning the room where I accompanied an All-State solo was also auditioning on piano, violin, and voice. Mini Me or just Asian?
I'm tired of making excuses for you.
now check out The Libertines and Babyshambles
mother and daughter escape house fire in Milwaukie. says house a total loss. says smoke alarms saved lives.
Thanks for following me, hope you enjoy viewing my artwork!
Going to the Topanga mall with my friend to get jamba juice and have lunch
awh thanks!! And I probz won't! LMAO that made me laugh. I'll make sure to ship it to you XD
Really it's fulton county cops. This is going to make me livid!
I lied, totally listening to that one too.
perfect timing since we're launching a carousel in the next day or so. Thanks!
My grades are looking pretty bomb right now. Leggo celebrate!
I just had to google that nigga.. OT that's yo brother lol
Hugs and compliments....several witnesses reported major hott bootie sited in the airport today!
Rise & Grind world.... Keep these crabs out your game room, they cme out when coast is clear, Hide when they see you lol....
got Apryls address, can't wait to see you all tonight, let's be on our best bad behaviors. Cheers!
Final hours of oral exam prep commences #deepbreath T-5 hours
Appreciate it man!
Finishing up session W/John Douja then done for the weekend
Got to an audition today & they wanted actors in their 40's, so I grabbed the back of my neck, & pulled the wrinkles out of my face.
Show tonite at Mello Mushroom on Burbank...
We are going through the process of creating a freirean culture circle. I can see why Brazil banned them after the 1964 coup 'd eat.
That looks like a good gym! Worth the $20? Do they have a lot of free weights?
Cleaning up some vector art I just bought off istockphoto.com for a project - surprised that it needs so much work done to it and that I ...
Crawfish boil is on 5pm. 200lbs. #Saturday and music with
#wiredbaseball is on *grab Meg's popcorn*
Man this wildberry lemonade fm Wendy's is the BEST!!!!
no login options beyond fb? I'm interested, but not if activation and use is attached exclusively to that social identity.
I'd love to see that. He's earned it.
Finally going home had a long day now later going to hit the gym to look good for my co workers. Right Olga, Roseli,Cinthia, Yeilin, Valeria
Figuring out the changes to "Break Out" by Swing Out Sister.
Have a #homeimprovement project planned for the weekend? We'd love to give you pointers!
Allied home loans commercial today.
Get out and enjoy the nice SoCal weather with a few new walking tours of LA! Thanks to #CRA/LA! #LittleTokyo,
BREAKING NEWS!! Whitney Houston dead at 48 years old!!!!! Omg!!!!!
thanks for the great write up!!
took a piece of wonderbread, and went right back to bed
Sushi @ Wasabi's
Had an amazing time with and and all the wind ensemble girls
Tonight from 6-8 #Detroit #Startup Drinks at the Old Miami. No speakers, No agenda. Founders, Freelancers, Funders welcome!
You can't say anything anymore, i got proof of your killersyndrom .. .. pssssshhhhh
Teach me how to play the piano?
My Heart and Prayer for the japan citizens... Keep Ya 'LL head up!!
Stopped watching #BL13 weeks ago. 2 negative, 2 much drama & dont rly care if they all go home Checkn #biggestloser twitter feed validates
there a few statues with drunk stories. The Poe bust has one and John Bryan told me stories about the War Horse on boulevard.
We are excited to have and their volunteer historian, Lisa Donnelly, present our 7pm screening of 'Mongol' this Friday only.
City BBQ in now open in Avon, IN. Yes!!!!!!
THATS IT IM GONNA DO A VIDEO~ OK? alasdkajo. Some of you will be shocked.
Yes! finally going somewhere
thank you so much! Great chatting with you as always! :)
The work is $10, the lie is extra. GO PEGGY GO
Hi Barbara! So glad your friend is excited about ICTC! Please feel free to send my email:
.Lebron is good at making clueless fucking idiots like this AJHwd character, in to thinking hes clutch lmao
please follow me i think that u are so incredible!! ive been a huge fan of u n my fam also lives in sicily!!!
On an unrelated note. The #Avengers, go see it. Holy crap that movie is awesome
yep! Taller than his dad. Miss you too - ext day just isn't the same :)
baby me & you, we're the perfect two<3
thanks for the follow! have a great weekend and i look forward to reading about your #socialmedia endeavors!
he got the T-shirt for a cheep price
Long time no talk. Hope you are well.
I can't stop listening #SaySomethin ! <U+2665>
you suck!!!
yeap i got to stay hot boo
gotta wonder if there's a woman out there who's hoping to find a man who can cook good exotic foods. Just sayin'. :-)
just finished the sample page of the new site check it out my email is on there. www.fantasyfootballgonewild.com what you think of the logo
I knew there was a reason I randomly burst into tears...
Idk why girls get all mad when other girls talk to their boys as friends
Excited that I'm at tonight's #lisagor2012 awards. So much talent and so many great stories are in the room.
oh I will, I'm watching concerts on tv because I got my wisdom teeth out yesterday hahah
RT: ": I won't give up on us even if the skies go rough. Ive given you all my love and I am still looking up. #np "
Aww he's so cute when he's laying down
Have to go to vista again. Dumb hoes.
It is. And why does that matter? I tell women when I think they're pretty.
Seeing tomorrow!!!!!!
Hello NYC! will be performing on Good Day NY on Fox 5 in the 9a hour, tune in!
I swear I get my eye brows done like every week is that good?
did u get the Joey Votto bobblehead?
Having a sore in your nose...
Early morning meeting tomorrow with
Can somebody help me out ???
Playing a Badass show at Nick & Eddie tonight with and Gonna be a good time!
Somebody is enjoying the rainy day with music. And I need to get out of the house to escape their enjoyment.
Ol raggedy bitch, I see you tryna get your shit together now that we came in that bitch !
Troy Taylor and are on ustream RIGHT NOW
Also, Canada isn't just made up of Toronto. There's Vancouver, Montreal, Quebec, etc. It isn't fair.
GM, No matter what happens. Today will be a beautiful day.
Just discovered that Clorox wipes are *great* for cleaning the keys on my keyboard! :-D
Kevin Stotts of in W. Michigan reports progress on new #talentdividend model to calculate PS completion rates per institution
yeah I was there! We did alil bit
Forever wishing Indonesia was cold
Fortify yourself with contentment, for this is an impregnable fortress. Epictetus
Today's Soups: Cheezy Cauliflower with dill & Beef Vegetable Barley
My plesh! So proud of Craig and his team!
:) Have been too busy to post actively, but always happy to see all is well! HAPPY HOLIDAYS!!!
hey how are you hey you have pretty eyes and nice cool aid smile
Thanks for the follow Amy!
We are
BREAKING: Judge Sumi strikes down collective bargaining law, says open meetings law was violated
Can't get that stupid scene from the #BradyBunch out of my head. U know, the one where Peter's voice changes and cracks when he sings. Grr.
I'm leading my first distillery tour on Wednesday evening. Come drink whiskey and ignore my spazzy nervous energy.
If Gaga owns Twitter, who owns Facebook?
u must be in an HBU class lol
Washer wednesday
u have study hall? Wanna trade ? (:
: I might have an MFA, work in publishing, and teach college, but I will always back up somebody's right to like what they like.
Young Machines says they played a show last night with twice the people, but half the enthusiasm. crowd rocks!!
me to!
spent the evening playing with degrees of freedom.
love you!!! xx
very clean, reminds me of WP7 layout though :)
Even though I'm just passing a ball back and forth with my nephew, it's amazingly fun.
Stop rubbing it in :/
Up in the #ontologicalcrises #thatcamp #lac session, is talking about music composition and tech, current struggles.
have a great weekend!
it's nice good work
two thumbs up for
so happy to hear that you enjoyed the class, we enjoyed tonight's power yoga class with alexis! feeling strong!
That is the best drawing I've ever seen!
Yay for Chuck Norris !!!
I have just been informed that I have answered over 1,500 reference questions since June of 2010.
I am really lovin the Ted Williams story. I so love second chances, third, fourth, whatever it takes to get your life on track. Keep tryin
Spin of the Day( Online Gaming Can Grow The Economy).
What I always wanna do, party! Except we actually will this time cause I know of multiple parties on Friday night.
Kinda cold at the bus stop o_o
Today is our 9th Anniversary! Can you believe it?
WE START TOMORROW & EVERYDAY AFTER TIL THE MIXTAPE IS DONE
When recruiters try their stock option/pre-IPO line & find out I don't believe their stories: "How much CASH do they have?" ... "No."
got to support our big booty sisters!
Me: what member of the Scooby gang do I get to be? : Buffy.
shit mang! How bout those C's! No rondo no problem! Still bangin #OnlyOne on Q! #Boston All Day
After days of relative moderation of birthday treats, I just broke down & ate the rest of the rainbow cake. Tomorrow is another day...
It's Opening Day!
will be featured in an upcoming feature with with Farrah Franklin, former Destiny's Child singing star.
why do my parents and friends party way harder then we do?
It is difficult to say what is impossible, for the dream of yesterday is the hope of today and the reality of tomorrow. -Robert H. Goddard
Thanks for the shout out Jon!
Happy moments, praise God. Difficult moments, seek God. Painful moments, trust God. Every moment, thank God.
love it.
um, Idk .. there gonna go look. But, thanks anyway
GRASSY NOLE said U would STAY QUIET.... :-P so did the Vex on X..
Good morning art tweeters!
Why are the Indians on "The Killing" antagonizing the white man?
Big business in intellectual property! In Seattle area, hourly rates range from $200 for an associate to $550 for an experienced partner.
THUNDER TIME :)
Follow me I follow you back Plz.
AH be right there!!
We hit another MLB winner on Friday on the Giants on both the moneyline and runline.
I love you too! And yes!!!!! We do need to talk or else I'll die!!!
Okay, they can keep Cooper... because he has a relationship with Blaine and Sebastian (cause hes head Warbler) ;3 THE REST CAN GO
SANTORUM COMES OUT ON TOP IN TIGHT ALABAMA THREE WAY
next up is Chevy Stevens' new one NEVER KNOWING for LJ review
i know its crazy
didn't even know it was Columbus Day, but your dad & I had to work too :-/
your problem not mine lol jk
yea man ! thank you bro !
yoo. Where r u
It's probably not true, but you gotta admit that Tim Tebow and Taylor Swift are made for each other.
Bob Fosse? He's the only choreographer I know:)
I wish i was with you D:
perfect, let's do that! See you at 7
my mommy needs to hurry up & get home with my ice cream & dinner . but, she doesn't get off until seven tonight. damnnit .
A_Burkey Miss Burkey where you at?
GAME DAY! on
we love you at this military household!!
you're welcome to cram with me and at my house tomorrow before
I don't know, I don't feel like I can fault him for being a politician. At least he's a politician that believes in equality.
I banned u both from acting up before 10 am service ...lol
i was just thinking back 2 years ago when nobody knew them, they weren't on mtv, & they used to talk to fanss all the timee :(
yep its time to put the icing on the cake for "make up" music video. Time to pull out the rolls royce phantom!
Thinking strategically is the most important thing you can do. make time for it.
The best part was the Girl Scout cookie caper.
my bad dude haha I didn't think I had to reply to that. I got you though
why in the mother hell are there so many ads all over facebook.
#wmnldrs. Maria Monreal-Cameron says to learn along the way and boy tk eorryabout knowing it all
Bitch you get no love
I live outside Seattle a bit, in a town called Monroe, but I hit Seattle when I can :) that's awesome! I did not know you moved.
Have a Happy New Year & Thank You to all our new friends, fans and followers! From the Ground Up will be finished in 2011!
Cant wait to see
new icon!! looks really attractive!! haha
Guess class is cancelled. No prof
no one is perfect right?haha
"I'll give you a winter prediction: It's gonna be cold, it's gonna be gray and it's gonna last you for the rest of your life."
where are you from?
Females always claiming they're BAD how about claiming you're educated OR employed because being "bad" don't mean shit!
NOT a fan of Sonja. What is she, 65?! Ew.
not much!!! how are you
"Do not focus on Technology, focus on User Experience" DP Venkatesh
When I see artists like in the NY Times and in Spin, I feel good about rap.
Of course I wake up on my own at 6am on my only day to sleep in... Maybe next year.
Why can't the clothes I have actually fit me!? Why do I have to be so much fatter from last year? Now I gotta wear a freakin long sleeve
That makes you an adopted son of #Indianapolis! I can see why u love both cities. Let me know if u need info on our happenings.
At anniversary party and drinking too much hayley
Save the date: June 27, 2012 Enjoy hand dancing with a tax write off. More to details to come soon
When big girls put their phone in their shirt. Uh. No.
#UK #Golf #Joke 'The old #Golfer paced anxiously up & down outside the #Emergency room of the #Hospital...' Read-on @ www.ICUGolfStories.com
SHOW ME THE ROPES
Got it! Basically NPR made their content consumable by other technologies & companies - which drove content consumption way up.
a big shoutout to Artie Lange!! found out that you have a twitter now.
Only have the vision, experience, and leadership qualities to transform the Hilltop into OUR Georgetown. Follow them today!
Madison Pharmacy Associates – Has your sleep quality declined? Sleep disturbances are an indicator of menopause.
let's get together sometime during the week so we can like try to plan it and stuff :) when do you not work ?
the hardest decision of my day is what to eat for lunch
“Yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery. And today? Today is a gift. That’s why we call it the present.” –
I want to go to the Tribe game tomorrow
lol I've always been a fan of Tebow, great work ethic
I feel quality on tumblr, too bad no one else thinks so.
excited to hear it! Your lyrics always have such meaning, id kill to write with you one day <3
Us either! Mosquito bites, too!
Developing an obsession with ! A great view of agency life, the pitch process, plus awesome campaigns! Can't wait until its on!
Ehhh! The janitor just tried to hit on me...
Who participated in Foursquare Day yesterday? What was the best deal you found?
The tin of Jacques Torres Wicked Hot Chocolate was a worthwhile splurge.
The problem is that this job was from the 22nd interview I'd had in 3 years time that was not an obvious scam; no savings left.
I can't believe PEET is a supporter of vaccinations, she just made a false statement on CNN
I'd like to see the banana analogy and flying analogy as a measure of risk exposure when discussion of nuclear stuff
Justin biebers boyfriendd. I hated it. but now i lovee
Hey landlords misspelling the word area does not inspire confidence. Sincerely guy that wont rent from you
Bottle service available for tonight's event. The main floor-Avalon,Infected Mushroom. Any videographer guys want to do footage? 3106298639
Mountain West announces its national television schedule: a highlight for Air Force is its game vs. Navy will be on national CBS.
movies & mall today. (:
Watched Championship games yesterdsy, wistfully singing "wish you were here" to our Broncos.
Holy crap, #TheAvengers. Can't get over the second post-credits scene. Ha!
indeed my friend. Indeed.
Me too but not new women writers as much as I need to and the research from may explain why but I'm working on it.
I'd be on my last dollar and split the bill with ya
Nothing can be loved or hated unless it is first known. ~ Leonardo da Vinci
The wildcat just doesn't work without Brown.
Oakley not really matching Europcar either
FINALLY U FOLLOW ME
Uh, college/hw. That's why.
aye I digg it
Both awesome movies, but if I was trying to fall asleep to something I would watch Superbad, you have to actually watch SPvsW
The Miami Heat are really good ... at pissing me off -.-"
Casting USC Graduate Film Los Angeles- Yuan, Asian woman, 35-40
Leave your biases at the door! That goes for you as well with KS, ;)
< My pleasure!
Thank you! Lots of candles on the cake so hopefully one or two of those wishes will come true. :)
As water reflects the face, so one's life reflects the heart. (Proverbs 27:19 NIV)
Free didital tv + no NBC reception = No Superbowl on TV. Boo! I hate living in this town
Preach! “ As much as ppl change, the stay the same.”
#somethingisayalot shoot me in the face
Thanks for a great interview Sara! RT : Just interviewed for — watch out for story later this week!
:) what's your favorite oje of Ariana's cover songs?
Chai latte's are amazing <3
had a great dinner at
USD...you are going to love it!
"(Heavy panting.)" "(Intense groaning.)" "(Enthusiastic grunting.)" Closed captioning, you really know how to make a sex scene riveting
Winans Family Tribute>> >>
Agree with you about #AmericanIdol. Hee Jun shouldn't be going on the tour or still on the stage. He's got the wrong attitude.
I haven't stayed up this late on the phone in forever. <33333
now I feel like the world really will end in 2012. :)
There is a prom party here! : I love that place and eat there every time I am in Houston!!!!
Instant message co-workers in your contact list throughout the day to help increase productivity in the office
More big news in the college football world today... that's right... The Mountain West Conference has a new logo!
My brother will b going on tour next month! Will you send him a S/O 2 help get his name out there? #ThanxLuv .. xoxo
Join In! If anyone has a comment about the show or question send them via twitter w/ a
. Agreed! And found some great new people to follow!
Am I really too skinny?
thanks man! I'm gonna miss you!!!!!
I would die! RT : Was already warned about the annoying girl that chews loud. "If she was eating marshmallows you'd still hear it."
that's Good Kelli.!!!! She Is beautiful Monster ---->
Just got home from the fun spot :D EPIC
good luck today! Looking forward to a great season!
My dog was dealing out is there gonna be bad weather soon?
thanks to for all his years making the #cardinals winners, may he enjoy his induction into the cardinals hall of fame tonight
Yeah! And we're getting different taps in all the time. Tonight! Take a pub crawl without moving at downtown's only neighborhood bar!
some reason I can't follow u
I just learned today that bacteria is not the back door of a cafeteria. :D
are you coming to hang? Bring Ed haha
going to answer questions and sing some songs I wrote....I wrote a special one that is gonna be saved for last for ariana
Hello. I need a life update ASAP little lady! Miss NDMS all the time
Welcome to the twitter-verse! I know you will love twitter once you get used to it ;) Have fun!
I am not black and I agree. It a shame he was killed but I think we need all the facts b4 we 1/2
In the studio as always
I get caught up almost every time even though I know better, just b/c I love pink.
Thanks for coming last night! Get any good photos?
The ten most terrifying words to workers are: "I am Mitt Romney, I am here to help you."
Habitat 4 Humanity 1st Meeting is tomorrow at 5pm in Room 314. Be There!!!!!!!!!!!
I may lose my job but at least I'll be on the beach! <U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+008A>
well I already had this one but I never really used it but now this is the one I use until they give me my other one back
Feeling slightly more magical than before. Forward!
I need luck ... and clorox. :)
i got that right
Happened to wear a tie today. Everyone asked me what I was dressed up as. Le sigh.
Success - I cannot give you the formula for success, but I can give you the formula for failure--which is: Try to please everybody.
I loved your #WayBackWednesday this morning! It helped me get some motivation.
GO CARDS!!
WHY DO YOU HAVE TO PLAY 21+ SHOWS seriously can you do a m&g at bamboozle
You know you have an obsession when you can scroll through tweets and know exactly who said them and why..
I said Steak and shrimp for lunch?
This break is going by to fast
Oh how I love thee, Amazon. Is there anything you don't sell? You make my life so much easier and your customer serv is great!
Also, such a well deserved honor for you tonight. Enjoy. Now looking up Genlux, they seem right for a project of mine. Be well
What an amazing day this was!!! WOOOHHHOOOO!!! I'm SO INSPIRED!! Spring?!?! What are you doing to me.... heart ya! ;D
Thx to for talk on & blending eternal verties of journalism w power of social media. Thx to too!
he's mine back it up
Time to rise and shine <U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
my cousins'
#FOLLOWMEAUSTINMAHONE this is part of my new years resolution... For you to notice me(:
eChalk has automated updates from #NCWISE. Doesn't solve everything, but sure makes life easier for NC Schools. Big thanks directed
NDP says unfair to subsidize GO Trains but sell off Ontario Northland Railway
If you have 5-10 mins, I'd love to talk to you about the reports about the Spurs. Phone, skype or email.
I havent RT : you guys met Nick?
sure! I've got a few errands to do in the morning, but I'll definitely be by with it before lunch.
The dark circles under my eyes have finally gone away! That only means one thing, it is almost time for me to head back to school...
tough day at the office Beetle?
after hearing that info u definitely need to call me back on LOL
humping for grants, then hot weather was calling me out for ice cream. I unplugged. Didn't see the article tweet either.
Jones already made the biggest post-season special teams play of the #ravens 2011 season ... as a
that's exciting. head first into these properties and then a prologue play to Salem witch trials? I theoretically like his style
Once the chain is broken, none of the links are safe.
was that an attempt to be clever? ;)
Feeling stress FREE!! Now I just got some moving to do and then I'll be even better
Damn #oomf is about to get in..
- I got in trouble & parents took phone away I'm going to go before school tomorrow to finish the project.
I blame for playing that Party Rock Anthem song xDD
We saw a Leisure Travel Ninja at the #allypn meeting. Huh.
lol i hate u
if I could have heard anything she said backstage it would it be better. I think I screamed nice to meet you at her face.
Anderson Cooper: "it's hard to talk when you're teabagging."
That's crazy how ppl still see the "like me" video.... even tho its not up anymore..... KEEP WATCHIN!!!!
guilt trips usually work on me. But thanks lol
that's how it goes!
"I think they should have a parade!" - Woody Paige on the Sixers beating the Bulls. Hilarious!
Your chicken was amazing! Thanks so much for participating in the event
AUSTREAM IS BACK! anyways i swear the man i had was a pedophile, in my year11 assembly they are sowing our yr7-11 photos!
RT “: can giraffes throw up? by the time it reaches their mouth wouldn't they've already swallowed it cus of gravity?#deepthought "
I see an email we sent you a while back maybe you didn't get it. We'll clean your wiki and block IPs where appropriate.
forever alone
We have a bunch of absolute idiots running the Fed. Gov't now and you want them in charge of your healthcare - God help us all!
Man I wish I had every freestlye by that nigga is fire. #notdickrindingbutdickriding #nohomo.lol!
chile u stay tryna buck clam all dat dwn before i bat the piss out u bruh lol
Amazing night with :)
lol hate when that happens!
Created the BCS//“: RT : Former SEC Commish Roy Kramer voted 5 SEC teams in his top 11 on Harris ballot.”
Had a great time today at George Mason University. Always enjoy presenting on immigration.
Hahaha! Awesome. RT : Just set a new record... Biggest diaper blowout yet! The things I share with you guys!
I love them too, I love NYC, I really do, but for right now I have too much tying me to Portland.
Happy mothers day to women that has my back since day 1. I love you Katherine!
except they weren't naked and worshipping Whitey in cocoon
glad you like !
yes, please. RT: To the Danny: get peyton AND RG I
I wonder what George Zimmerman did for #AprilFools day
Thanks Sherry! It wonderful to be in alignment with what you are supposed to teach AND have a venue to share in!
YAY! Just got paid! =)
Yes I did graduate then! When did you graduate?
: Tacoma-02/07 (pm closure I-705). During southbound closure, drivers will not be able to access I-705 from Schuster Parkway.
Breakfast sandwich would be awesome. Or a wrap w a corn tortilla. All the breakfast items look great!
#a11y, specifying font as black in HTML within Blackboard, will that cause any issues with AT contrast settings?
Looking at the economic trends relating to employment... Tweet me with your thoughts on where we are headed.
wowww, i TOTALLY had no idea that my hair was in a loop
If I could change anyone it would be anyone but you. Look to the sky for when it falls it falls for you, I fell for you.
he was the sick fuck that also said " 9/11 was because of the activities of the ACLU"
I don't know how I will get through this week. I have too many Louisville fans in my life. *sigh*
Tweet tweet tweetizel tweetie tweet tweet! You know its not better than my gli spaghetti alla vodka ;)
Thanks, doll:) : your icon is really pretty!
Thank you for the follow. :)
Check out our new website, give us feedback on what you like and don't like!
awesome, thx. how about LinkedIn profile? or are we talking for the library, not personal?
deal, and don't get mad when I trash the room because they bring in brown M&Ms...
two new students for the core conditioning 9-11 year olds!!!
Diligence is the mother of good fortune
yes, I thought someone was taking a picture until the thunder rolled!
Ima take that bitch to college. Ima give that bitch some knowledge.
I really need to delete a few people...why would I care that you're on the toilet? Where the hell is that unfollow button.
There is no single way to do anything. Sometimes you just have to keep trying until your style and way shine through and it works for you.
I think I just made my mom a fan.
and we, you!
Need Help ABQ. What is the difference between the Hispano & Greater Albuquerque Chamber of Commerce? Does the Hispano only cater to Hispanic
Sometimes things fall apart, so other things can fall into place :)
We need to start a gang.
Thanks, Ron! Your emotobooks look pretty darn intriguing too RT Dick Cheney Saves Paris looks darn tootin' good.
yes, which is why I didn't feel like I was going out on a limb with my statement :-)
what a beautiful day !
Science fiction is what I point at when I say
yeah but idk i hope so
I won't be getting much into the NBA Playoffs because the field looks like we'll have predictable results in June.
Happy Birthday young fella!
I'm less than 30 mins. from actually going down into the deep tunnel!
Women run my family. Werk it ladies.
I think it has something to do with the show!
We are truly amazed at how much great music is out there!! :)
If you want to know what all this #CES business is about, feel free to dm me
what's good kid
Can you believe there were 25,230 reported eye injuries in one year alone that required time away from work?!? Luckily, 90 % of all eye...
Aw, so fun! We can't wait to see when they bloom!
That is EXACTLY what it means. :)
What pick number is going to be on the clock
That made me literally burst into peals of laughter. DISCO: THE SILENT KILLER!
There's a #birthday in the office today and with it...the promise of red velvet cupcakes! It's going to be a good day...
moral of the story, get Foursquare
Rereading deleted scenes from book 1. Holy cow, there's some dark, gruesome stuff in here. Can't wait to put this shit into book 2!
Snowmageddon? Nah... it's more like Obamageddon with the money he's trying to give out.
What a hell in a cell match!
Spending the day with my mom! Love her! Tell your mom I said Happy Mother's Day! Show her this tweet! Do it now!
Sounds great. I love to experiment when baking too. Suspect it has a lot to do with wanting an excuse for my abundant sampling
yeah... He said hows Jama and i asked who is this and he said wow. Then, its Devin. Oh gosh. I dont know if i can talk
Now I have to wait for a "shuttle"?? Might as well be the Seetah! (CTA) lmao
"Pauly D" was trending last night spinning #ABDC so needs to take over those trending topics tonight during #ThePaulyDProject !!
Go to the remaining dates on the "Occupy Your Mind" tour! , , & are incredible together :)
get the iPhone app. No Winger ever and you can listen in cornfields
This year is goin by so fast!
happy thirteenth shorty. Less than 24hrs after I met you I told my mother ''I found the girl I'm going to marry.'' Here we are still at it.
": “My fans are my existence. If only you knew how much I adore you. All of you.” - Selena Gomez."
Q4: Not sure if they're the "best" ways, but they're definitely proven effective methods.
The magnificent natural beauty of a Brazilian Cherry Hardwood floor, a gift that will be enjoyed for many years to come.
I thought pac agreed but mayweather had another excuse.....
Phillip Phillips lol
your metaphor is more eloquent
just trust me wen i say a lot is goin change in yhe next year for u
Astros to the AL West?! Guess I'll have to find another NL team to root for. DH is not baseball.
just waiting for some more likes to drop some new tracks...ticket giveaway tomorrow prob around 3
The story of us looks a lot like a tragedy now.
not true :)
1 Week from today - Team Camp begins - Schedules will be up Tuesday AM!
it looks like perky pug needs her anal glands expressed....
hhaah i love it and its all natural and good for my skin :)
With all that pink on!
Can't wait for the TCA tomorrow !!! :D
sweet. How long are you around?
Okay, I'll go over to your house and make you
it's my new tap dance company me and another tap dancer Kaelyn Gray just started in the Louisville/ Cincinnati area.
Eattin fun dip with brenden :D
lol hey ima call in a second, tryna find my way through Austin for a place to eat and watch the game.
I swear lol
Happy Birthday C.J!! Get that #Championship!!
blonde jokes are confusing..... :/
Mercury goes direct today so communications, planning, and negotiating should begin to normalize again.
My husband's name is Chuck Norris (for real) and we always love new, good Chuck Norris-ism so thanks!
#Solidarity from #MD! Protest Music for the 99% on
will follow suit when I hit a computer. #twitter mobile problems.
Woohoo! Patio full on a Monday afternoon. Come join the party. 2007 & 2008 Ensemble both open today.
So glad to hear he's going to be ok !!
will have to miss it :-(
I hope you have a Happy New Year so there is no more need for tears. Love the profile pic.
follow me so i can dm my info
I could fly if you had an airline job! LOLOL
What? 2 burnt out, underpaid workers scoring 1000s of tests? How could scoring possibly be inaccurate?
Stacy Robinson, a Wide Receiver on 2 Giants' Super Bowl-Winning Teams, Dies at 50 - New York Times
Thanks for the RT! I hope you're having a great day. :)
You can flunk school now but 10 years later when popularity doesnt count anymore and the real world steps in, youll regret tring to act cool
Runyon, Lunch at Cafe G and then AVENGERS tonight!!! Yes please. Don't mind if I do.
I swear people hear a lick of bad news and start to give up on shit. Grow a backbone and quit quittin, shit.
This white bitch on 25th n Locust just disgusted me *throws up in mouth*
Headed Uptown...
1st of all, jealous of ur time off! 2nd, you know that tour's coming to town!
I only got two Goodmorning mentions .. That's bold
I have time for you. <3
will you be at Larry's or Lora's? I might stop by since I'm in AH for the weekend
hahah ! happens when you hit the snare well ! so its a good thing :)
Each hub includes webinars, kits and explanations about how each tool can be used for business
love u too my sweet
bring your daughters to the madison show tonight
played a good game today all because braided my hair. #PowerOfTheFishTail <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
It's like I always wanna just punch him in the dick.
OH FOUND THEM
The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo was hot.
Biscuits and gravy.
Thanks for the follow!
I've never done that - but let me know if he figures it out!
that's sew cool. let's see them...
What do you call a black guy on the moon? An astronaut you racist bastard.
Celebrate the Centennial #Classof2012 with a traditional Eucharistic liturgy today, 4-5pm in #Loyno's University Sports Complex.
Pumped Up Kicks by being played on the #Emmys. WOW. You guys are on fire!
At 's defense his adviser asked him to describe manuscript as a movie byline. Try that?
4:00pm - Get your seat early. :)
No I'm not? O.o
So tired. I just want to sleep forever right now.
Tonight better fall... I wonder what time Ebby rollin out
keep it up.
wow, ur sweet
That Twitter account is hilarious!
I love you too much to pass up the opportunity to see you twice in one week. Thus, my presence at the Fox Theater.
o we o killer tofu!
that he is better than Howard
it just will, its not hard to get famous,
Haven't seen this much diving since the springboard nat'l chps of '03
Listening to is getting me through work today. MBDTF is such an incredible album.
I keep dancing on my own
One step closer to music video.
RT check out and to see what the spook is all about!
A lot of cross-promotion missed having a #JonJones #RashardEvans UFC match on
Loser in 2012, yes, I don't think he'll master any debates against
Dr O'Reilly should clearly define/set out objectives/responsibilities & publish qrtly report until this monster is sorted out.
is eagerly awaiting to hear about her new phone from the WWDC.
I need sunshine!!
I like that idea, because indeed, I did like your blog.
Hahaha! Awesome. RT Balled like Mr. Clean. Shots were fallin' like Alicia Keys.
Great childhood memory: "Your moms here, quick hide so you cant go home."
A huge thanks to for pacing me up The Hill. Turns out it only hurt a little!
Yes, this idea is sold overtly and subconsciously. I think it's right to question that. Subvert it.
Man if life was like a flash of light to go sweet ass school in ohio
gah i would but i already eat when im upset and and am lucky im not gaining an absurd amount of weight bahaha. ^.^
Left is Right | The politics of the rising European left - Socialist Worker
Getting ready for tomorrow. I so need to keep up with putting rollers iin my hair at night. Leaves a better look in the morning.
I am looking forward to the release of Russ Aimz' "Rock Dog Revolution" cd. It has been a pleasure to create cd cover art for this album.
that'd be wicked cool!
Lol... I have a stalker and his name is : /
tell lucas that then cuz he told everyone its at 1 know
on that hush mode right now hahahah
When will Polyphonic Spree be taking the stage tonight?
assuming we take any more transfers.
hahahahahaha lou everytime I see you tweet this I giggle out lous
#Browns offense is struggling, they have to find a way to move the ball, if not scoring, at least for field position!
yeah yeah
is that even a question?! Of course I'll be there! Just please don't crash our boat...
tell her i said hi!
yeah its not weird at all when my friend who is girl who is straight smacked my butt scared
Hawks are already in the penalty... keep attacking
#Boston is waiting for this
and pathetic perimeter defense gives Philly back the lead. Crap.
what's it for? I can do either. DM me :)
what I've been saying. Dude just needs to go away.
There is a very large wild turkey in the parking lot of this office building. I'm scared out of my mind.
Can my mom please stop reading through my things!!! This is why I need my freedom to get away from her annoyingness!
Medicine Evaluation Treatment Centers
"These niggas hoes in designer clothes"
Bass while in the car with my boyfriend >>> yes
Hey:) are you going to the starlight gala this year?:)
Wondering if there's something behind the two guys in Flyers attire across the bar. Pun possibly intended.
Brock doesn't want to beat me he wants to be me
Lil B The Based God is following me on Twitter! I hereby relinquish all my bitches.
Wonderful Wednesday!
That was/is a very, um, interesting comments thread...
What are people's thoughts about the Google Art Project? I got a chance to use it as a reference source and I really dig it.
yes, without a question! Let's pick a date!
I suggest shelves at first. Makes them easier to constantly re-arrange.
worst morning, ever.
Now that's how I like it. Classic Nickelodeon TV from the '90s. Back when TV was good
There's enough Chris Brown hate still out there. Seems like he could have done more with his speech.
Ray Charles overload this fine day..... "Unchain My Heart"
Ugh now the babysitting is starting
sounds like a great memory. are you still involved with causes?
birthday is in 2 weeks!! November 7th just like !
Don't hurt em Bro!!! Haha... : Today its a strong possibility i may lose it with in the next 2 mins!
u as well
Hi Kate! Here @ #Bumbershoot too for #hall&oates How r u?
Grant Napear Show = 7 Stages of Grief in it's various forms
just crazy changes and I am growing sick of it, but alas power through
Hurry up or we'll be late to sports rehearsal! Don't forget your costume!
haha that's not bad man pretty organized I'm impressed haha
We are doing the same thing! What recipe are you making?
its gonna be a long day of #baking .
- "I'm the bad boy of Christian Rock"
Big Fish On! Jethro Baits products Snug-itz & Stop-itz will soon be available at Roland Martin's Marine Center Clewiston Fl.
The last day of school before break is exciting. Woke myself up by listening to the Neil Diamond version of "Chelsea Morning".
haha thanks dude..1st #Playoff W since #01 ... The pathetic streak is over!
His last comment before he logged off my account: "Hm, I can see how this would B addictive..." cc
Never cared
The Silk Tie likes William!
hahaha you about died.. That's what friends are for
Need a lil nap.
Ur Invited to FHF's End of Season Thank You & Holiday Social TODAY Dec 9th 5:30-8:30 p.m. FREE. No RSVP needed. Invite others
Happy B-Day Dawg!!! I hope you have a RoKiN day dude!!!
Mail.app is at 200% CPU. Gmail is at 51% of 7.7GB allowed. Score = Email 1, Adam 0.
The way winter's been, I expect spring to be 100+ degrees with drought conditions. With summer best described as "Venusian."
#notwaterpolo #Twilight funny. Instant karma.
Opening hymn: "Are We There Yet?" by Groovelily ()
OHMYGAWD. :) That's so cheap for such a classy lady like yourself.
DrHumanities wants all students to remember that "the act of pronouncing [something] wrong's a form of caring." (Robert Pirsig)
God Gave Me You <3
“: The game (& life) doesn't stop for anyone. We're all replaceable. No bad days; only GOOD or GREAT ones.”
": Retweet if you want to leave a load on my #Cuban tetas!" +6
That was an awesome catch!!!
Abbie! How sweet! Thanks so much. You just made my day. You're not too bad yourself :)
haha thank's but it's only because you said we need them, btw pb&j rocks at 11:03 pm GET ON MY LEVEL!
I feel like tweeting about about you :)
New playoff inspired #IAMMEMPHIS T's will be available on Sat & Sun!
Congrats to Tony Stewart!!!
Athletic Vs Athletico 0-1 sad about it, but the match is already in game!! Aupa Athletic!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ;)
really good day! my brain is mush now tho! lol only have 93 pages left to edit! thank the Lord!! ;)
We're not 100% certain, but it appears as though Allure really does... call them... blowies . More » Post from: TheGloss
Nice Work #PGH this is very COOL!
Satrapi: "We should forgive but not forget... instead, we forget and never forgive."
Just saw Barefood Contessa cook meatballs and spaghetti, do you know that i have never had it ! ..Not together, but it must be good! YUM!
Almost game time at US Airways Arena. I honestly would not be surprised either way
you better be rooting for the bucks
These poems are starting to blur together!
Sorry I missed meeting you last night, Michele. Next time I hope.
what are u doing? (:
thanks for thinking of us; we're quite modest in size; hope we can help...
#5ThingsICantStand Bullying, Fake People, School, Homework and when people bother me when i say go away
She ain't even let a nigga know when..
you are absolutely the best!!!!! Thank you for enabling my perfect new years!!!!!!!
I'm 10 feet away from Radiohead and I feel my life being complete.
thank u Karl! They sure were tasty. But I won't do that again for a while, promise! :))
Blasting her Bose stereo >>> getting to drive my mom's car >>>
I owe You guys one! Thank you!!!
I miss so much! We need to do something asap!
Sorry Nate, but the submissions are over. :( It's still a hilarious joke though!
what are you doing now?
Glee makes me happy!
absolutely, i'm really excited. thanks a lot
Getting to that point where I'm so stressed I parse my sentences to ununderstandability. ;)
oh :D yes
Adam Lambert is so hott....why must he be gay? Its not fair. Lol
Superb! via MEN JUST ADDED TO MAY DAY FESTIVITIES! WE WILL BE PLAYING AT 7 PM AT 2 BROADWAY AS THE MARCH REACHES THE STAGE! ! !
Just starting work on a new piece - rehearsing on governors island. It's beautiful. Thanks LMCC!
who am i? im me. bitch do you know even who you are?
RT : Rub BBQ Monday night burger special is the tallegio burger.That's the Rub house grind burger topped w/ tallegio......
... we should be careful/Of each other, we should be kind/While there is still time.
stop..you're making me blush lol
I hate it when my cookie becomes suicidal & decides to drown itself at the bottom of my milk
I am loathe to give up my my landline as I use it so often to find my cell!
#Thoughtoftheday: if u subject ur self to drama, dont expect me to pity your ass! Stupid is as stupid does, fools shldnt come in twos! ;)
Basketball Skills Competition at Travis County Expo Center then Muay Thai Talent Search at CTC Austin this AM. Here come the flyers!
Sky High, Woodland Hills. Let's touch the sky.
Working on HDR panos for the first time. This is just a little bit tedious...
LostSpoiler: Desmond in the hospital - resolved too quickly.
FYI, I was teasing before, I wasn't uspet that you hadn't followed me yet;)
Agreed. Can't afford P.O. every 5 miles MT route customer will have to travel for certified letters & large packages
:) id love to doll :D
Thanks for playing Classical 89.3!
Sunday means 's Smorgasbrewery at 12- 5PM with Short Order Eggs &
Landon, I can't beliebe tomorrow will be 5 years, I miss you so much and can't wait to see you one day.
Thanks for the RT! Hope you can join us for our event!
We'll see at #AFT tonight! Anyone else?
Telling someone why you love them is like explaining what water tastes like.
Hmm...tea and toast
#20peopleilove my family for being always there
Ain't no #GARMY like a West Coast GARMY, 'cause a West Coast GARMY don't stop! is so great on
you forgot the part where she charged him with fists raised. not that I'm surprised by that, let the spin machine begin.
Can't wait to hear make excuses why the lakers got that ass whooped. Kobe was sick... Guaranteed we hear that one more than once
I say go for it as long as you aren't attached to playlists. Lots of standard playlist management features missing from Rdio.
When your favorite song is playing and someone starts talking to you. :\
gotcha ;) I think we will be joining!
ok last time I tried something like this the lights in Nottingham went off, school children sent home, the Berlin Wall fell
Actually 8:40 now! “: Editor will be on at 8:20, chatting Cinco de Mayo
RT Tonight at General Membership Mtg 7pm for #CA52 District will be available for Q&A.
Athletics are a funny thing. As players, you have choices. We made a choice (Saturday), last night we didn't - Mike Hultz
aye :) i can show waat better than i can tell u
Don't confuse my personality with my attitude my personality is who I am your attitude depends on who u r!
me too although I war real young!
have you seen "Miss Representation"? I feel like we've talked about this but over drinks LOL
don't worry I will not let drunk mara have them <U+263A>
Looking for something to do today? Head over to Flavors of Westmoreland today for a great cause and some great food!
When a person love you they show it even in front of family and friends
Damn I aint been on twitter in ah min...
You should win the league just based on the name
right actor, wrong movie. that's from 'galaxy quest'!
really LOVE your blog!! So #creative and #fun!
Thx for the follow & #CAHSI updates! Congrats on grt keynote. Our co-director Alicia Dowd was on the social science panel yesterday.
The heat is showing out
A Great way to end the season!!
bed soon. getting kindaa tired:/
2hrs of sleep, woo! Go me!;)
Still working on groups presenting...
Music Director Kenneth Gartman sang at this morning. Unity has been very supportive of The ToyMaker! Thank you!!!
brewster with jags
is a nerd.
Trickle down and bust. Dont hate it but im supposed to be flipping and not dominated.
"If we don't change, we don't grow. If we don't grow, we aren't really living." Gail Sheehy
If I roll over when it's over I'll take this Cali sunrise with me And wake up with the fondest memories Memories
"Just came to say goodbye love, goodbye love."
after four days of writing over Labor Day weekend... only eight paragraphs! Help...
you most definitely are not!!
...it's because we are getting older...i want to get married...lol i already have a wedding dress in mind and all haha w ...
Team follow back.....
You shouldn't share business secrets.
Twitter is all crickets today. Where is everyone?
that's what we've been teaching in pe this week. We could bring you in for a seminar ...
Just got done washn my hair
Downloading a free mp3 by I, The Skyline (), via Purevolume: www.purevolume.com/itheskylineca
Have a great time Danielle!!! Thanks again for using ShowClix :)
RT : Where will you find a yodeling contest, former car factory artist colony & FREE 500 Fest Concert? Only Downtown.
you messed up on that one hahaha
Tin roof! Rusted!
Late night Walmart trip !
Chuck Norris was born May 6, 1945. The Nazis surrendered May 7, 1945. Coincidence? I think not!
We're creating an "intro to DH" grad workshop series with hands-on learning. Would appreciate links to successful models.
tones are optional!
i love YOU so much <3
In fact I adore lions :) Now, how can we work antitheism into an MLIS thesis? Did Hitchens talk about libraries?!
:( That's not good... Are you gonna be okay?
R U talking about Life cereal? Because whole grain oats r essential in a well balanced diet. 20g of whole grain per serving. : )
Just dumped coffee al over my shirt. #Brilliant Maybe will give me a new one?
Hardwell ftw. Be there in an hour duder.
Nothin like being exhausted al day and then not being able to sleep
i'm getting sick .
The funniest thinq juss happened ... hey snooki I hope dat u nn jionni r bac together if so, I'm happy 4 u guys!
it doesn't make you look cool
hey:) did u have on the set of Victorious?
Thanks. Dr. Spanish
Too noisy.
It all started with covers on YouTube. Then concerts in the U.S. Then singles. And now concerts around the world. :')
"Not only strike when the iron is hot, but make it hot by striking." - Oliver Cromwell -- Wayne Lambert ()
Happy Holidays! The Athenæum will be closed on December 24th and 26th and will reopen on Tuesday, December 27th.
Dude said he give his Kids $20 a week. That ain't no $.
Almost took a pic of CFTC Chairman Gary Gensler...then realized I need to re-adjust my definition of celebrity...
hi, I was wondering if you could do a favor & skype w/ the SWAT team of my school to spread tobacco awareness. Please reply(:
looking forward to the webinar as well. I am very excited to introduce you to &
hell yea
Seriously gorgeous morning in Boston!
How are the piano lessons coming?
Why weren't you ? More #shaking going on than in an #EddieMoney Song !
Jeff Gordon needs a break... Very tough...
hahaha that's awesome! Enjoy that, tell the Callis' I said hello <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008B><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
My thoughts exactly.
Have you thought about any colleges you would want to play for?
RT - Join us in 15 minutes to see perform on the #VerizonStage!
bye bye Blake
Listening to jazz while reading a book about randomness, I feel like I should have a cig in my hand
I dig Really easy to use and good A/B testing... best one I've used.
#mlanet12 To Do List: bought iPad, checked on brains & tshirt, emailed about Section Shuffle, emailed about MIS bus mtg
no porn for you tonight sir
Time to begin again, today is the day.
this convo is disgusting.
#sidenote I dont believe Austin is intentionally a #fckup but you 2 def school him on being a fckng #grownup!
I can't feel my face !!!!!!!! Get at me ! Thank god for auto correct on the iPhone so everyone can understand me (/:
Is there any way to watch the playoffs without cable?
are you back in SD? I may or may not have seen you when I was being removed from Incahoots. Hopefully ill see you tomorrow. 140
At the 45th Annual Award Celebration for the Community Action Organization, one of the few remaining anti-poverty program orgs of the 60's.
It's psychological... Should I acknowledge it or pretend it's not there?
haha are you going to the Nickelodeon worldwide day of play in DC?
#BASKETBALLWIVES why are these women so angry or is it the editors making them look like this?
But it's not warm out today!
You know its cold when your nipples are hard! lmao [x
No way. I love her AND her tweets...I just wondered ;)
what is it about a rainy day that just makes you want to curl up with a book?
Excited to represent as Parade Marshal tomorrow for Come march with us!
Okay, #THATCamp LAC applicants: check your email!
cool text me If you are
Life is full of ironies… candies, brownies & sweet cherries. Must avoid all unhealthy goodies, so I can fit into my panties!
BIG ups to all the moms out there today!!!!
I am reading Founding Gardeners by Andrea Wulf.
UBC Military Appreciation Day is Sunday, August 28! Active, retired, reserve military and dependents receive free admission.
Come and get your Friday Fish! We have Dinners, and Today's special: Get a Catfish or Perch Sandwich w/ Fries and a Soda for $5
I want.cookies and milk
Haha nice! Which ep were you in??
my skin is all tingly. and i wanna cry. why is my anxiety being this way? .-.
But Fedor hasn't lost but 1 fight in YEARS. Assuming he wins does he regain the title of best HW in the world?
i still don't get why everyone hates nickelback so much
RT Q5 Self-promotion time: SHARE your most recent videos or posts youve done on video sharing.
yea if you ever come out here towards the south go to checker burger.
Trying to get our twitter follower count up! If you love Georgetown click follow
This is great! Thanks Rosemary!
Today is the beginning of about two straight weeks of chaos, stress, and hopefully fun. Hope i don't die!
Amen ! RT : Having a bad day? It's ok....That's just part of life! Everyone has those days whether they admit it or not....
Yeah, you messed that tweet up bad.
now ur making me not wanna go haha
I occasionally click on the ads in awesome youtube videos. It's how I support the arts.
Hehe. SO CALL ME MAYBE
Chech out this fabulous Poodle
nothing like hitting the gym bright and early!
RT : "'We're ride or die, they're ride or "like omg hi'"
Ideally. RT You. Only. Graduate. Once.
#iwhipmyhair because like Willow say dont matter if its lonq,short whip your hair so i whip it lollx from Taylor K Miller
zook on the twitter machine love it
Happy Friday everyone! #FF three exceptional San Diego editors/reporters
Yes, you had several first-pitch hits off Hernandez IN THE 2ND. That was a long time ago. Hernandez has adjusted. Now, the #Rays need to.
Me either lol
Printing more Pittsburgh Zombie tees.
Bum the Bummer
I remember starting a new job and over exceeding my goals. When it comes time for your evaluation all you get is"meet expectations."
a truly delightful brew, from packaging to finish. well played
Long, full day. Happy day. Birthday. People singing to me. All for me! Cake!
We have so much going on. But we are glad to be busy
Thanks for following Check out some nice clean visually pleasing to the eye design work.
Check out our newest project, "Rise Above" for The Red Tail Project. Added to our "Restorers" shoots, it's going to be a busy summer!
It feels good to just say fuck and not give a fuck while doing it.
I miss you so much!! I didn't want to text you cause it's 5am...not that you'd wake up from it anyway haha. I miss our snugs
Yall Need To Start Following Back !
My friends are better than yours. It's just the truth.
what job??
Best of luck to our east coast friends and family - stay safe. What is the best wine for storm watchers?
#nowplaying florence and the machine
I'm +1 on tech/journo opengov lobbying cooperation. Sounds like a great idea. PAC?
Indeed he did.
So hard...I miss to my bfd(((
Surgeon Mode
People-watching at #Adepticon ...interesting...
so am I I'm like Ohh shit. Omg my connect had a qp last night of some fire ass shit
Nice looking bunch, but you're missing too key people: & !! cc:
good luck on that paper!
like the '80 shirts minus the pit stains
Father can you hear me? We need your love today, iknow that you are listening to hear men everyday. Father please hear us. . .
Dance call backs @ SMT
Be sure to check back next week as we start announcing films for the 3rd Annual New York City Independent Film Festival!
"Every child in the middle school will have a computer" -Don Cunningham on re-envisioning school
Its stupid Algebra question like this->If Q is equivalent to A what does it equal to? That make me wonder to much about the world -____-
How you all had a great #Thanksgiving! Now are you ready for #BlackFriday?
Lol, picking the twitter follower is random...old school vintage style, names in a hat
Sorry to hear. Or should I be?
I'm not moving from the dance floor, party in the moonlight and dance in the sunrise
January gigs: 1/26 at Somethin' Jazz with David Ullman Quintet 1/27 at Bohemian National Hall with Ron Affif Quartet www.karelruzickajr.c…
my feet dont stank thank u....ily 2 katie<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
In Chitown till Friday night. Watching tomorrows game should be interesting as I'm sporting my green and gold.
Finally have an excuse to write about my favorite YouTube genre, cigarette request erotica. Thanks, history of media theory class.
finished reading "The Politics of Space Security" by James Clay Moltz. Review forthcoming in "Quest: The History of Spaceflight Quarterly."
When you start to hate someone , everything they do begins to annoy you .. them : "*Cough*" you: "OOOOHHH MY GOO"
Sorry, I'm booked up that weekend. Thx for thinking of me. Mr. would be a good guy to talk to.
#2011rules because I've already got more overtime than all of 2010!
#ICriedWhen I Saw In September Singing And Doing The Dougie!!! 143 So Much!!!
touching bromance you two have going on.
Dang it's been 115 days since I last was on Twitter Dam
thx! looking forward to meeting with you!
moms phone hahaha and alright
English frank is so fucking raw!
Sony a65 or a77 I will be buying soon great cameras. Love sony
Chocolate milk is a viable substitute for coffee creamer, right?
you're turn, turn, turn, turning me on like a slow fire burn. i know that it's wrong but still i run run run run right into you
Ey Life did u get the record I send you?
Looking forward to tonights rare shared practice where 2 of my kids are on the ice at the same time! :)
Feeling Jayz Heat Baby!
Yep even more new studio clips on our YouTube channel!!
Did you help coach your kids soccer team this year? That's a JOB!
Why the hell is it 4:24 AM and i'm still awake???
JT launching HomeMint interiors collection today ... This should be interesting
Just guess. Im gonna lose the Osnapitzari
no :( I'll be in Afghanistan
Why are you upsetting yourself? Go down to a music store, see what you like, and either order it online or in store.
Game. Set. Match. It's gonna be OKC-LAL. #Lakers gotta travel and face the very well rested #Thunder on Monday. Yeah. Good luck with that.
": Would you like to work for MindStep Energy as CTO?" - hi Aneesh, remember me:) let's talk about !
Sorry mate, not even close! Tell you what, you visit here and I'll take you to a game and vise versa!
I'm trying my very best to not freak out too much. That's my goal for the next 44 days.
who's from Pittsburgh????
& it has been: injuries from 5 yrs of cont play + a star striker w a broken leg + great defender w a kidney cancer/transplant????
I wish I had an ass like Louis Tomlinson
: lol. Onwards! I'm looking at living in a small, beachside hut and selling handmade jewelry on a Caribbean island. Pura Vida
lol yes, Rion is my little brother tho he's too good to acknowledge that in social media.
Happy to talk w/ you about if you have any questions.
Okay, switching gears.....
So. my best friend is real Hurt. You need to make her better !Go follow her? You dont know how long she's waited
"Holly Hilton. That sounds good." "Who are ya gonna marry? Paris?!" "Um Tyler..." BAHAHAHAHA
never tasted yellow cake before gotta try dat
No doubt about it.
Exclusive Discount: Save 20 Percent on Inspirational Baubles! We can all use a little bit of encouragement these days. That 's why we app
Yeah fck what you like, dislike, talk to yo btch abt your emotions
Hey guys, are you following the band members, too? keep up with us!
But what would you know about that? ;)
What are you talking about? He's on Twitter. @ vancityjax
Thanks for to the for hosting the RocStars for a scrimmage today! xoxo
better than Christmas!? Thanks!! Enjoy your sweet potato pancake!
I lost ya number fam can yu d.m. it to me
FuzziBunz® Reveals Two New Limited Edition Cloth Diaper Prints
Off to Philly for #toughmudder I have ran 168 miles in the last 2 months for this, Game on!!!
I truly appreciate the RT
We just received more Kicky Pants Bamboo pajamas. Be sure to check them out.
Up to Chapter 8 in editing my WIP, a space opera with comedic overtones.
Happy mothers day,
My allergies are killing me! My voice sounds like a monster & my eyes won't stop watering!! Ah
I'll be there! :) (Have I mentioned I love the aquarium?)
Who is your favorite diva?
lol! I think I'm going to make it:-P how about you?
choice needs to go
Trying to download a QR Code Reader from #Google #Play but keep getting errors. Is it down?
If gingers have no souls, what don't people with Fuschia have?
im proud of you cookie
Last Monday ever as a high school student
Gonna be a big day!
Lucky guess? Did your friends tweet by chance?
She's my kind of rain :)
that zebra looking/sounding place across from Southpark on Sharon
Thanks, Cindy! :)
Ladies: What's a good mother's day gift? i usually grab her perennials but need some advice for this year
leave the #cash & #cards @ home -- tweet a payment? #wired on future of #money, it's online, flexible, frictionless -- and free?
Lol my cousin told me I look Jamaican :P Do I? *Shaking my dreads* lol
I am good.. working and school
I really enjoyed the ID4 reboot I watched last night!
aww thanks doll! YOU KILLED IT!!!
Let me know if u have any suggestions or ideas!!
psh im always fresh
Watching The Fresh Prince Of Bel-Air
The awkward moment when a 42 year old has more likes on a FB picture than you do
LULZ! blocked me for asking if it's fair that only 2 tables have shuffle machines and all others don't
new campaign slogan"I support mediocre teams, rape, and abortions in 15 sec or less"!
Right?! Omg, we should get Indian food sometime this summer! I know a great place in the Pearl!
Happy New Year!! : D
this thanksgiving game is alright forreals
First show went killer. Hope y'all had as much fun as we did!
Ugh sumbody hurry up.nd tell them to deliver my damn radiator. Ugh my bae needs me..:(
We started mixing a new Album "Live at the Loft", which is a live thing from last summer, last night! I am excited!!
in some capacity, yep! Just trying to figure out my work schedule.
we are only online for now...we have a fb page until the website is complete...if you live in Houston u won't have to pay shipping
it's a long-ass trip. They be tired.
Who do the Packers take tonight in the first round? Gain my praise if you're correct.
no worries! I like your site :)
Never in my life has it felt better than to say "Alleluia" like it did tonight....it was a hard lent, but #itsallworthit for JESUS!
running your birthday age? or running in general?
: we now have 500 followers! Hopefully we can get to your celebrity status by the end of summer :)
Bring me a filet mignon sandwich!!!! :P
Secret 2 improving cost efficiency 4 a small biz? Realize others have had the same challenges. Ask them how they did it.
Aw! My WI accent was pretty thick this morning at church. "Father, Son & Holy Ghoooohst" My gf died laughing
i dont even know. Prob around 2 or something like that lol
It's shaping up to be a good day!
Fun presenting to the group at the annual meeting
What a great night to not give a shit about our governor
“: Whatever you ask for in prayer with faith, you will receive. -Mat 21:22”
Password changed. Hopefully I can move on and be free of the ghost hacker.
Amen! RT : The necessity of our now is encouragement.
You can't build a contender at the deadline... we build from the ground up with solid picks. We shopped Bean around tho...no takers
thank you, love !
No, but I sure thought I would for a spell! I'm a wimp when it comes to these types of activities.
": This girl said "I need a boyfriend for this weather" hoe you need a coat" lmao iknw that's right
Have u ever played #assassins ? 145 of us playing it now, so intense!
morn Bro!!!
My phone is dying :(
your mom is the biggest SWEETHEART ever :) can't wait for
just change it! :) I dont think its a big deal!
For the record I have never tweeted about engineering or tennis. How "photo" isn't on there is beyond me.
Saw the fake pic of Bin Laden. Would you want to see the real one?
exactly my name is so weird
Happy New Years!! I just got off the phone w her! SO cool, which i was there w you guys!! XO
Many thanks to for organizing #emschi -- a fabulous success!
It's better than Nyquil for inducing a nap.
yes, yes you are.
could have said it better!
To the Prius
you will be both beautifully ane famously
I wasn't the #OLLG ,I haven't met .He hasn't seen or noticed me BUT I have been part of 'MYWORLDTOUR! That makes me proud ;)
Wow that's a Flagrant 2 foul? Jones did not knock Noah to the floor. Bad call.
cam! you should have came over to the tilted kilt you butthead. I was working all night!
It's a good life. Share it by paying it forward today! Why? Because you can.:)
#integrity. New hashtag (or not). Don't have it? Get some.
Once you get to the dance anything can happen.
gn0d off at consumer law conference, being awesome. me? taking opportunity to watch roky erickson documentary. sweet.
Your bio? RT : There's a book out called, "When Women Were Birds" Lmao
Good thing I'm an introvert...HAH! NOT! Okay...so why did I pick my major again? I like reading, but I like socializing more.
Stoked I found a way to pay for my gas to the show! On our way Tom!
May Saint John Coltrane keep you safe during your journey.
i know... it's a Christmas miracle! or... Hannakah! :P
my fav cider!
Just got an email from Spotify promoting the new RHCP album. Is that still good news for some people?
The cockroaches come out on the sidewalks in june
Dude, please don't send me ur spam. thanks.
I have a bowl of oats every day, try letting apples sit in pineapple juice 4 a day & cut them up in your bowl! Extra sweet!
My life will never same,but trying to get my life as close to normal as possible.
Watching "The Rachel Maddow Show" with Viggle. Get real rewards just for watching TV.
it's great! How's it summer been? U have to help me get the biebs to follow me!!!!
Damn I miss her
yeah when someone jz burns it for you!!
So... We were offered a blunt, walked in squares, and then a cab driver who talked like Grover from the muppets drove us home. Love my 20's
Jamming out to fag music on the way back to #miami? #priceless lmaooo
I can't believe its taken me this long to see Sherlock. Freeman is fantastic as Watson.
Have a Subsitute nd she letting us Listen to Music nd Text Yeah Buddy :D :)ILYShawty<3
We've been selling our new shakes all day! Try some fresh rosemary in yours...with banana walnut chip & now can have ICE CREAM w/ your combo
All the chocolate in this house is gone. Im gonna be very grouchy for the next couple of days.
#Espn Caddie I would have my resume ready for Tiger Woods . I got a feeling he fires his caddie after #pga loss. Hear it 1st
Tennis Channel to Provide Coverage of US Fed Cup Match Against Ukraine - Long Island Tennis Magazine
When society pummels me today w/ messages that make me feel defeated/worthless, I'll look to God's empowering promise of grace.
Fresh coffee and check one two check one two
well, I ran like lightning so you prob missed me ; ) hope it all went well for you today! heard it was a good event!
No coverage of the biggest student funded project in the history of UW-Madison? Design budget no coverage
Lmao I agree ;D
And, didn't realize #suburbiaproblems was such a popular hashtag!
I love bustin' out people who be FB frontin'! You ain't bout none of the shit you talkin' 'bout! Cut It Out!
My mom tried to de-activate my phone. Thats real, too bad I'm not an idiot. #jokesonyou ha.
I wish you were here
#UofLKAIOS this Friday! Five Fraternities, ONE PARTY!!
Have safe travels! And have a ridiculously good time on your vacation!
!!!!!!!!!!! “: Hey Ryan Clark, before you ever talk shit about anyone else's team, man the fuck up and beat Denver, motherfucker.”
Out of all days to run out.
I wanna role play
I laughed through the whole thing.
Im Beginning To Think That My Relationships suck all the time because i never reply to those Chain Text Messages..
maybe you should by yourself something nice. Like a Fiat 500, and take pleasure in driving to work and off work :)
He told me he be damn if he leave me for anybody else
I feel like absolute shit & all I want to do is lay down & take a nap. ):
I am NOT cheering for Chris Brown.
oh man can I try this?
Talent x Shit = Pay (My music teacher) hahaha
MISS YOU TOO..
If you die in an elevator, be sure to push the Up button.
obviously. circus peanuts, also.
at the house getting ready for a night of fun :)
This is one of the best NBA seasons ever...playoff and regular season. A new golden age. Hopefully the strike won't cripple it too long.
. I was talking about the big question regarding marriage equality, hence the hashtag #MarriageEquality. You address another issue.
2 Chainz Feat. Drake - "No Lie"
Studies show that obese people eat too much.
Arden Market Square (by the Arden Barnes & Noble & United Artist Theatres 6) has free wi-fi throughout its building
Well lawlorffs we never got any of those pics. So we may not be able to do the collage :( Hopefully we get some by tomarrow night.
Hey there #OWS malcontents, please realize that "Free Palestine" is code for "Kill the Jews" Never again!
you can find out what else im a take to. ;)
ha! Good joke
": Everybody play the tough guy when shit pop off"
Fantastic mention of #Alonzo awardee EvoNexus bringing biotech job growth to downtown
RT : Monday, and reality sits in. Derby is over and Louisville is a small city again
Someday we'll know if love can move mountains.
Live music this weekend: Southbound tonight and tomorrow! With 's Sasquash Porter on tap, it'll be a good weekend!
wait so i didnt do my hw? that was a dream? WAT
Thank you!
lol, my friend Nicole is obsessed w/ Josh Hutcherson b/c of his facial features...such as his jawline. the way she talks about it is so odd!
Omg I saw the craziest skittles commerical ever! Smh....not gona lie it was funny but just wow something I wouldn't expect. Rated X though
Can't wait! Chicago needs more Carrie!
sounds like the perfect opportunity to show you a unicorn. Unfortch, already committed to Boozy Suzy's bday party that evening.
i hate when i pinch my finger
would he trade Gomez?
dahhh! i went out to the movies!! blahh sorry cn u go on now?
support thread for serious decluttering/moving? - Mothering
Chemistry will be the death of me.
Reading some #imagines. You?
looks quite interesting.. I prefer cheesefries though
Please help my wife! She's having an art show contest in Las Vegas tonight! Vote by texting "Shana" to 330-831-9593 Tell ur friends! Thx
q1) Also us helping them be part of the team
#OnFire RT : I exist, I create , I love is the cry of the soul.
Awesome! ": Jennifer at Dunkin was already making my coffee while I was walking in the door. Today's going to be a good day."
iceberg has had a resurgence in popularity + hit an insane $50 per case due to weather a few months back
What color should I go!?!?!
RT : Never stop doing your best just because someone doesn't give you credit.
I haven't done homework in over a month. It's wonderful and terrible at the same time :///
Police: Burglar dressed the part of water authority worker
is it this Friday? If so, I'd be in.
i cant stop listening to more than this. one of my faves and stand up :)
We will be handing out t-shirts at Looneys tonight
I do, however, like to read the stories by bewildered journalists who are floored by 'Hoosier Hospitality'!
Wicked Wheat Wednesday!!!
Laying on the hammock relaxing at the lake... Waiting for the king and great friends to arrive :)
Don't let the things you want make you forget the things you already have.
Happy to be invited as Final Round judge for the North American Effie Awards. Always inspiring to spend time with killer campaigns.
that movie cracked my ass up
Just saw the JobOpps email. CONGRATS!! So proud of my fellow alum.
You're getting a puppy?!? What kind?
would you drop Teague for Booker? Will Teague ever turn his season around
Well off to this gay concert lol
#CyberMonday Free $75 In Room Gift and $50 Shipboard Credit on any Disney Cruise! Call us at 877-918-8941 for DM us for details
my paper's deadline just got pushed back till 6pm tmw.. might actually go to sleep at a decent hour now ! gotta be awake to fail tom's test
Looking at an amazon shopping cart with $300 worth of home karaoke upgrades & feeling very conflicted... do I purchase?
yep Love is what it is!
Uh oh...a bad case of HTML overwhelmtion. I'm at least fairly certain that is an actual word. Can I be of any help?
really hoping there's no public speaking required for tomorrow's award ceremony. also, my prof is going to ask whats the haps w/ph.d. app
HTC One X hints at iPhone 5 challenges
At a writers retreat with two friends, determined to finish the next draft of Love at the Fluff N Fold. Yay!
thanks man plenty more to come
Fire alarm twice a week , im worried
March for Babies San Antonio returns to SeaWorld on April 14 Thanks !
For what
RT : Good Morning! Perfect way to start the week is to vote YES on your #SAGAFTRA merger ballots and drop them in the...
Am am performing improvised comedy w a new team, Rainy Day Gang, at ComedySportz tonight at 9!
oh how i love basketball wives.
by seeing my shining face!
Next Friday - NOIR Fridays at Victor Hotel with DJ TIMBUCK2 and your host Guest list only - no cover all night!
They are pushing Chatter hard.
Thanks. I haven't been this bothered by a celebrity death since Johnny Cash died. Admittedly weepy. Good luck on yer paper.
#sschat last year I did a "change makers" mini project - had them project forward 80 years - "how will you change the world?"
I still felt supported, but it was a huge challenge. RT The challenge of picking up the pieces - post treatment.
Being at work without wearing any makeup is quite a revelation.
Terminal cancer <<< anything else.
LOL. Maybe he wants to sit by you, since you got to pick your seats.(;
True, but Broxton did sorta kinda look good. Promising. Now, trade Broxton & Moose for a stud starting pitcher, ASAP!
please! Get your ears pierced please! Btw. I love the accent(:
omg be sure to take lots of pictures of him if you go:3
Could you help me REALLY quickly with a basic French question?
Once I get home on a computer.. I Have a Choir and Band Concert today....
He, he, I've been in line for 6 or 7 years. At current attrition rate, I'll be 164. RT : People, FYI, I'm like last in line.
I still can't believe how good MITB was last night ! Way 2 go ! Nice Job ! Best ppv since 2009 Backlash
Total black out is the funniest show on syfy
Bulls done next year too RT : ESPN NBA - Bulls PG Derrick Rose (torn ACL) faces rehab of 8-12 months, could return around Feb. 1
Bringing our A game Laker style. Thats what champions are made of. See all you haters in game 7. Bringing home the gold.
Hola New Followers:)
that is totally what I am arguing!!! :)
I put in at least 20 hrs a week playing that sport. I am hooked on in :))
I think I can speak for all of us saying that we need to see some photos.
that was a typo luv ya stac
you can say that they had a weak lineup, but this Vancouver team is far from "last year's bottom feeders"
"The problem isn't finding out where you're going to go, its figuring out what you're going to do once you get there." -- A Walk To Remember
Bio n music of stevie wonder? Who knew there was still good stuff on the radio? Bring it on I95
I am ready to rebel this awesome Monday, sit back & watch 80's movies :) I wonder if I can get my hair teased up & feathered back? lol
's live chat starts in 24 minutes. who will be watching?
RT : Hiring? Hear about an awesome job? Tweet it out and add #WorkWednesday + the city. Spread some good #LeapDay juju :)
Somebody forgot to tell the Indiana Pacers that they're supposed to lose.
If there was anyone person I could punch from any television show, it would be Dave from Storage Wars
Not a millionaire today folks!
When did #trolleys get so cool? Cant wait to unwind with my #Groupon loves tomo!
I've had this feeling ever since we met.. sigh -_-
Can u please follow me bacckkkk!!! I love u!!!
What if it's the Undertaker! 0.o
Love love love Nicki!!!
We currently have 799 followers on twitter. Who will be the magical 800th? our goal by July 1 is 1000. Help us get there!
Josh just made my whole week. <U+263A><U+263A>
""Romney To Tiptoe Into Marriage Debate" #huffpost Will he be wearing Jimmy Choo pumps?
Oh, what fun! Need 2 excavate my garage but will have 2 wait. Ran out of Tiger Balm...
POTUS Transp'ncy backfired? No POTUS has opened up gov't as Obama. But in DC you can't swing a cat w/out hitting lobbyist's $$.
love them!
Ross you are so cute! I love it when you're on Chelsea Lately...lol
Friend: " is mine" Me:"if u dont want World War 3 to start,i sugest u live him alone!!!!"
goodnight Ariana! :] sweet dreams love you :*
YO ! Nas doesn't looks like he's aged , that's wassup ..
I realize that gurls really do love the iconic boyz but not the same reason or way the true iconiacz do!<3
(cont.) zap it until it looks good to you and then put it in the freezer for a few minutes until it hardens and voila :) fixed soap!
I'm FULL!!! Lol
I've been searching, high.. I've been searching low.. Wanna spend my life with you... ba ba ba ba bah
Take Care every body loves differently than every body else cuz some one does love the way u do does not make them bad
Btwn the Etan Patz story and this move out of NYC I'm super fucked up w emotions the last 24 hours.
What did I do wrong to be single on Valentine's Day?
what are you doing tonight?
Join us at the for our Spring Opening from 6-9pm! Come see our exciting exhibitions and enjoy....some donuts.....!!!!
You see my headphones on right?? Aight dont say a word to me
Offensively he looks like he's got a good approach. Prince 32-IBB's last year...don't think Gamel gets IBB
Alex: "I'm Austin Mahone, and I don't like to show the top of my head on video" lol aw i miss COOL MORNING. ;/
THANKS FOR THE GREAT STUDIO AND A UNBELIEVABLE ENGINEER! BEST IN CHATTATOWN!
RT : We are PROUD to be joining forces with Best-in-Class organizations and Bright days ahead!
An then u will not find anyone worth giving it to...
How do you feel about RAIN.. YAY or NAY?! I'm going with a NAY for rain today :x
For every 100 friends we get on Facebook, we're going to give away a FREE Small Plate! Spread the word for a chance to win some free grub!
Im going to surprise my kids with a trip (maybe to Fla), the day that they get out of school in June. Shhhhh...
I'm performing with Spence @ The Viper Room in West Hollywood, CA! - 03/20 - Tickets Available @ www.MySpence.Com/Tickets
Preventing Skin Cancers 1005# you have reached your maximum limit of possible api requests with this IP address. Please wait 24 hours.
really?! No WTF did u get that idea from?!
SWEAR my future sons will never be as disrespectful as mfs these days. does nobody's momma raise them right anymore ?! ugh
that's what I'm here for haha
I love that feeling.
Everything that I know I taught myself .
I ran for my life Jesus!!!
I'm renaming Michigan-Notre Dame the "Suck Bowl"
When someone is so hard to read, it's almost not worth your time..
Wondering why we have to work!!
That depressing moment when you dip your cookie into milk for too long and it breaks off.
Happy Anniversary to all of my amazing Hermanas!!
Thanks for following
Hi there! You should have a reply now. Please let us know if you need anything else.
How do you make a trombone sound like a french horn? Stick your hand in the bell and play all the wrong notes.
At LAX getting ready to fly back to Northern VA, I will be glad when I am back home
boring!!! :p i like tryin new stuff all the time
undercover sweet tho
is heading home from Indian Summer. For all the folks who were coming tonight, I never ran into any of them.
Haha that's a good way to hide it lol ;) <U+2665>
good look plenty more to come
I had a nightmare .. Then I heard noises from the kitchen . I seriously want to cry .
Getn redy to test out the beta
What teacher(s) had a major impact on your life? For me it was Coach Sykes; My basketball coach and English teacher.
Go to the Bolton art show on Thursday ( :
I decided, very early on, just to accept life unconditionally. ~Audrey Hepburn
Love this!
No it's totally cool just pretend like nothing happening while I'm over here. Just don't bother wondering later on why I'm ignoring you.
I don't really know why I'm doing this
Stand corrected on the earlier assessment of the score - we'll reach, and surpass, past total points records.
ANOTHER EXCLUSIVE LEAK BY YOUNG BRAVO OFF HIS LATEST ALBUM "TOPIC OF DISCUSSION" LOOKING FOR THE BOOTH FT YOUNG QUAN BEAT BY...
Thanks for following. Looking forward to reading your timeline! Adam
Is watching thegrudge3. :)
I wish my mom knew how to cook -__-
re: #10twitterpeopleiwouldliketomeet... thx I am honored! I hope our paths cross some day.
get to class
The next time you seek perfection pursue "Better then Perfect". The growth that comes through learning through imperfection.
Ima be back for all that was real to me
Please Katy..leave these things to GaGa
I really want to know UK slang ahah
Damn. Matt Flynn starting and Russell Wilson backing him up. It's like #Winsconsin, only on another team.
too,too funny!
I am a kind of paranoiac in reverse. I suspect people of plotting to make me happy. - J. D. Salinger
Gahhh. Still deciding between a vinyl turntable or a digital setup..
Just a rude lady who is fulla baloney that I have chosen to take personally. It makes everything more fun.
figured I'd follow you on twitter to my friend.
*How girls become friends* Omg, I love your shoes. *How guys become friends* Excuse me sir I see u fuck bitches. I myself also fuck bitches.
I'm in Sanur and leaving later today for Ubud. Might spend a few days in Besakih w/ a family we met. Bali is amazing!
Or our buddy Wes Berndt! RT : Red Batty won't be too happy to hear that!
You block me and then unblock me? #Cool lololol
shit alredy know my gee. Red dot night fuck it..
Templates don't work for every situation. If you need or want something specific #custom is the way to go! #webdesign We can help!
Us too! It's pretty awesome :) Will you be at ALA? We'll have ARCs!
Hell yea. Keep it on the low I still tuck my feet when I feel like Im bein watched. Or like when I saw 'Insidious'.
thanks for rockin our Rock Paper Cut Crewneck pranking Get at us if you need any gear bro!
What does &amp mean
What a way to start my day the movie Heathers is on. "what are you doing tonight?" "I don't know, mourning, maybe some TV." Lol!
I need a good nap .
Nothing like spending the morning trying to recover from a Wordpress hack… personal site is back up and running.
You know what I think hurts the most? The feeling of being replaced. It's like no matter what you did, it wasn't enough.
The nominee still can't be predicted until Super Tuesday but Romney's win tonight does begin to wrap things up. I would think.
Whenever I'm walking down the street and look at something random like a gate, I always wonder 'if I licked that, would I get sick?'
any new news on Justin Shultz?
Sure thing. All the best with your efforts in bringing James home safe.
Hurt for the last time..
Lakers losing....seem like a good day
why do we have to have practice at 8 in the morning?
we were meant for each other.
An SUV Cadillac full of girls just told me I look like John Mayer. These are what the last days in America are like for me.
what does the new generation of computing look like?
I'm always so nervous when I sit right next to the owner of the company as he reads my report. eek! It's getting hot in here.
Matnas Yad is here 4 you! If you struggle to provide food for your family, or with Utility bills,we will help you in a respectful manner
totally worth the icky sugar burn it gave me
I dont know whether to give up or keep trying
...and thanks back!
I love you too Alex!! :)<33
Good job! :) I'm working on Econ
would you believe sasha grey is the only porn star i am familiar with?
Hey! I'm looking to antique finish and reupholster a chair. Any Houston area suggestions where I could have this done? thx!
Thinkin Thanksgiving Turkey from Memphis Minnie's? Our Thanksgiving Turkeys are smoked and come with all the fixins !! Call 415-864-PORK
Morning, Todd!
SLEEP IS MINE!
Happy as can be((:
no cuz we went to the one in avon and they dont have one there
RT I do 5 sit-ups every day. It may not sound like much, but there’s only so many times you can hit the snooze button.
NYC show taught me what "Jesus" was about: Justin is the re-incarnation of Jesus... and fucks himself in bright lights.
Up by 4, at the Reno airport by 5, next stop Butte, Montana.
#fundraising+you surgically strike early investors, 1st domino isn't your mom, sell what they want not what you need.
You are so obesssed.
oh yes :) I enjoy a good mixture of high and low culture
Please RT Follow him-- : Lmao.. did my lawyer seriously post: sex is not as good in prison add lol y'all need to add him”
In other news, yes, I'm still chuckling about how the temp from the previous job is long time gone.
Piers Morgan analyzing #Whitney Houstons' funeral? Fail of the week.
Lots of people will be clammoring for that ladies name in the front row at Staples Center if 's is hurt.
#Teamfollowback has the best followers. Follow me
Cannot sleep AGAIN SMH! What is wrong with me! Hopefully Pandora puts me to sleep...
RT : Ur gunna be proud and in shock to know that I am eating Broccoli!!! #LOOKimEATINGhealthy lol
YOU SIT RIGHT NEXT TO EACH OTHER!!!!
IBANEZ!!! Serious triple high-fives happening in my living room right now.
Girl u made it to 25 with no kids.. U deserve a high 5
Fabian Weiß | Lala Life Beijing | PRIVATE magazine
so easy & fun, you'd make bank doing that for sure
Morgan Freeman is the best!
why do i lose everything
guess it's official. it's time to make the pier a little gayer
I really think you need to go meet & sign him! He's amazing
And we both know that fundamentally we're lazy creatures
“ We all have a friend who never has a clue what's going on.”
thanks for the RT! You rock!!
How do you have anything to subtweet about if we don't even talk?
note to self - make sure you have started the right conference call for your meeting - argh
I'm in the happy place. More wine?
I never would have known had you not tweeted me, even after you brought me a glass of wine
Did you know in Spain you can be 16 or older to drink alcohol? :)
i am very skeptical.
I absolutely LOVE being a#Belieber I would never leave this fan base is always supporting his fans & we can't thank him enough
Dear Friends: my beloved father passed away on December 5th of previously undiagnosed advanced cancer. Please remember the ACS this holiday.
There are two ways of spreading light: to be the candle or the mirror that reflects it.
I have heard October 3rd or 5th.. Should know for sure soon
I feel like taking my screen protector off
Nice to "e-meet" you ! is great and I look forward to learning more about
My world is getting smaller and smaller by the day. Wish I could be with you guys (and 's family) in Italy!
#startup companies need #metaphors and #analogies paring #humanitiesPhDs with
Glenn Frey just did a really fun rendition of "The Shadow of Your Smile" ... ???!!!
NM digital literacy effort includes how to participate in online learning and how to select, install and maintain computer.
yep, officially over it (:
thanks for follow. Get me + Saw your site. Want to talk more. thanks again
Black man succeeding/ they hate to see him make it/ smiles on their faces/ but inside they can't take it/ funny thing is, they're black too.
I wholeheartedly agree.
Niggas act like twitter gonna get u street cred . tawkin like that gonna get you hurt
I'm going through the same thing, and I'm convinced that homebuying is made difficult on purpose
I favorite too many things...
At the WeHo library. Hoping I have more luck than I usually do here. It really is a beautiful building!
Probably the best workout I've got all year running up and down South Limestone last night.
#GamesIPlayedWhenIWasLittle - Mario Cart!
Resist! Must stay strong!
Stare at that Weaver
Atlanta Falcons are likely going to get Packerized by the best team in the league! Can you say back to back Lombardi's! Lock & Load Mattie!
Ha! You know Im coming to see you & DogGirl too right? Sushi is just a bonus! A sweet, sweet bonus!
Donut kingdom
To all my affiliate and performance marketing advertiser friends and colleagues: Do you see the affiliate nexus tax as inevitable or is th…
. just told me if I eat sweet potato fries with guac I'll feel like the king of sunshine. how glorious does that sound?
spoke to Bill today and got Stephen King and a gift card for my sister in Portland ME. Thx for your help!
Next wenesdays going to be so emotional.omfg.i can see it now.
Grill-off with & for #GrillFest today at 4! tune in!
who knew we'd look back fondly on the platinum years?
RT : Spectacularly fun #pcbw event tonight w , your beers kicked some serious ass, bottle that shit!
Funny! But, No. Not myspace. Think more retro. Has wires/plugs in. Just that alone is just wrong!
Come on by for great tasting popcorn at the Galleria at Sunset Mall starting April 1!
Moreno buys minority interest in Bodemeister
Mad apps u can get good new music frm to
Was just discussing this in a LinkedIn group on English usage (yes, I'm a dork). Consensus was as Jason says.
lol and the fact that he's now British.
I had fun! Hope to bump into you again soon!
Blessed to see anothA #thankful Lord
Happy Valentines day everyone!! Especially to the One i Love, My Man of course, I love you Mario <3 10-30-11
u see his shaved head?
I love you guys<3 follow me? ;)
What a perfect morning!! Summer is in the air ;)
Haha, they're doing fine, it's the scanner-huggers living in their moms' basements who are tweeting random garbage. Nerds.
Did a search on Google Maps today and got a promoted location. So weird. Is that new?
i can't get your amazing voice out of my head<U+2665>. I love you! I'm gonna support you 110%(: Don't stop singing..
My cippers is comeing back lets go
Don't forget that Scout + Megan are in Santa Monica...
Co-sign on Call Recorder. Worth the 20 bucks.
QoTD: "If you don't invest much of yourself, then defeat doesn't hurt very much and winning isn't very exciting." (Dick Vermeil)
It doesn't matter, just wondering what I won from last weeks guess the Blogger. I teach hs science in philly.
I call myself a radical centrist because a broad center predicts a fruitful society - alas, our center is in the middle of a V-shaped valley
LOL, I passed my 6,000th tweet. Oh well, no shoutout for ashley. I guess you'll have to wait for my 7,000th. ^.^
Join us this evening for the #NACUA honors and awards ceremony, and celebrate members who have made their mark on the association.
Fine ass me!
I Hate Watching State Farm Halftime Report on ABC. They Always talking Bull Shit about the Heat.
Panthers gonna take care of business up in Detroit. Win our first ever bowl,
I'm done feeling like it was my fault things became awkward between us.
I'll do some things you've never imagined and have you feeling sensations that you've never fathomed. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Fuck Team Rocket, that's what I say.
SOUND OF MY VOICE after a lovely afternoon of THE AVENGERS, pinball games & dinner w/ , & !
Hey smelled good but he wasn't like wearing alot of colone or anything but he is so sweet!
RT if you love all your fans an you notice them?!:D <3
-I'm falling for you even though I know you're only playing with my heart.
Blew yet another hour of my life on the internet. Time to get stuff done.
Brick ass this morning!
Turning into a monster bitch as this day progresses.
First Suggestion, Women love flowers guys you don't have to wait for a holiday to buy her a small bunch of daisies.
B-A-H Nation...remember to wear your Brass-a-Holic t-shirt to Wednesday at the Square...B-A-H takes the stage at 5p!!
so I've been told! Anything to avoid sifting through hundreds of emails from the same person...cuz search functions suck, often
Heidi Klum and Seal are getting divorce!!!! what a shame i really thought they were gonna last
The House ABC subcommittee sent our bottle sales legislation to the full committee this morning thanks to Senator
It's super scary how many picks the rams have accumulated via trades this draft. 3 2nd round picks and top 3rd round tonight
just the thought of seein that heifers thong.. Ick.....;)
Just ate a feast of Italian food that my mom brought home from a catering place downtown, and my God I am so full.
what's wrong?
Why am I always so hyped at night!
Congrats, Princess Stephanie and the royal court. We are so proud of you all!
God morning Twitterland.
Ugh, , couldn't your delivery person at least ring the doorbell, so I didn't clear my day to wait for a package and still not get it?
Freedom does not come automatically; it is achieved. Freedom is not gained in a single bounding effort; it must be achieved each and every …
Thanks Ed 'n Deb. Right back at you.
Especially when you pronounce Socrates like they do in Bill and Ted's
that for me to know, for you to figure out.
glad you like them!
Nothing gives an author so much pleasure as to find his works respectfully quoted by other learned authors. - Benjamin Franklin
In too deep *shrugs*
Hound / Beagle and some other stuff in there that we don't know lol
Will u marry me? April Fool!!!!!!
yes it's still on an poppin!!
Pittsburgh is so beautiful at night looking at the sky & city is so relaxing
APD has not released any information about why its major crime investigators are searching house on Spurr Lane. will keep you posted
idk where this venue is but nothing is stopping me lol S-A-T-U-R T-U-R -DAY!
sized up finally c:
is shaping up to be a pretty awesome can't miss Con. Getting pysch'd for June!
anyone else notice that Ethan screams like a girl in #mybabysittersavampire? lol
lucky ass ! :-) LOL I wish I was there
I just finished a 3.08 mi run with a time of 42:45 with Nike+ GPS.
I like being pretty. just greatful that i'm a woman who can take my flaws and find beauty without wanting ppl to defining me.
Checking out the new Gardner Museum space ...lovely with live birds and a green house too. Donuts with champagne sauce:yum!
Win or lose. Loyal and true.
How then do you explain her being in full makeup in motherfucking pajamas? HM?
oh yea lol
Haha...I'm pretty sure our wonderful mother gave you the #cousinssubs gift card. But I certainly hope you enjoyed it!
disney academy? lol
Welcome Comic-Con-ers!
if you only knew. Its all good do your thing, congrats on school.
Jimmy can crack his corn. I'm totally gonna eat mine. Smeared with butter and bathed in salt. Fresh from Scottsville Farmers Market. YUM!
talk about beauty and the beast. she's both.
Be sure to CHECK IN when you get here! You may even just get a special treat!
In last 3 weeks, I've heard the most coherent dialogue @ issues of race I've ever heard from the population at large, regardless of race...
"...I think it sucks...played out, lazy, lacks feeling..." Death Grips' Ride on Sac's music scene. Do not agree, but hey, who am I =)
On tha' real
RBMS talk on virtual meetings ftw. Kinda counters the whole 'multitasking destroys concentration' argument.
When dealing with women, there are two types of truths. THE truth, and the truth she wants to hear. Always go with option 2, fellas. ALWAYS.
: #Austin #USGP Just imagine both #F1 and #Indycar at COTA in the same weekend. That would be great :)" Agree!!
the new Frightened Rabbit record is pretty good, but not quite as memorable as the Midnight Organ Fight
Performing the mystery of the Haunted Painting for a VIP group at the Aero Squadron.
I never do hw any more, smh
TFTF! (If you think it is too hard to explain yourself in 160 characters, you'll never make it in 140!) ,-)
Is anybody going to the #St.PatricksDay #parade in #NYC this year?
Gabi and Dani get they ass beat by Elease and Mimi Next expisode gonna be goo
I'm going to start crying out of frustration.
Do you have a boyfriend? No, I have a life.
I just love this lawyer ( the one with the infant). #goodwife. Such a good crap starter.
Just waiting for a phone call.
You got it bro!
I really wonder what it's like
yes who!
I might've just eaten an entire rotisserie chicken. And by "might've" I mean "yes". Crispy skin FTW...
Nice work so far ! Keep grinding this weekend and sink some putts!
No, I hadn't seen that! Nice!
"What you worrying what I am earning, money I keep burning as the world keep turning"... Lil Kim
good luck
somehow, despite the soft bigotry of low expectations, still disappointed in
Achor's presentation on happiness is probably one of my favourite #ted talks of all time.
Exciting news! adds #ICT degree program, campus, tech center in Rwanda cot.ag/rb5JKH MT
Puck for Glee's voice is pretty fucking sexy.
Going offline for the rest of the day maybe cause I feel so terrible :(
Hoping for a #GreaterThanMoment when UA wins it law suit against those old timers trying to make more $$$ any way they can.
Consider our gallery on New York Ave betw 9&10 Sts for a stop. Good parking & we're happy to cross-promote!
people deserve how they getting treated.
If someone can give you a reason to why they love you...they don't love you, they like you. Love is based on emotion not definition!
Florence and The Machine tonight, she's no Barry...
Who wants to chat?
RT PLEASE: Did u know 13 million kids get bullied every year? I support Take a stand with me.
80 degrees and Sunny all week in #Chicago! and yes we do have a beach in downtown!
are you a big Cass fan?
I see youu playing Titanium :)
mom just told me if I was never born she'd live alone with 69 cats.
lmao at "fine before bill" RT : lol Dr. Gregory House, Batman & Bill O' Riley I was fine before Bill...
Let's take a walk down memory lane, LiLGrlBigrBoOtAy hahahaha
Damn, i really miss talking to you! power go back on!
Watching #educationnation chat on NBC news site. One huge problem: Teachers eat their own.
remember how we were supposed to get a drink together..............hm
Unbelievably peaceful and beautiful morning in NH. Definitely a songwriting day.
well, im going to sleep NIght everybody. Remember #NEVERSAYNEVER luv all my family<3
Hey Liz!
Looks like MPD is pinching drivers illegally using carpool lane on Whitney Way ramp to eastbound Beltline.
on the Vlado website!:)
Join us for Imperial Stout Fest this week - featuring four very rare kegs from Denmark. We'll offer flights so you can try them all.
not a 'job' from 'the man' I mean a real career of being awesome
Being dis perfect iz so hard.
name the price they in good condition
I needed wowza and apache to both listen on port 443, if you have them on two diff ports it will work on one ip
oh god that is my highlight of high school for sure!!!
I'm still at the hospital and it's cold and the lady won't give me my shirt back
Giggling at the clanging cowbells whenever announcer says "Spitznogle." Have feeling it would turn into drinking game if there was beer.
SEND ME A PICTURE!
okay bout to do it now my friend...
"Ask and ye shall receive" sometimes actually works!
Central Coast Alliance United for a Sustainable Economy is presenting district maps.
¤ A lot of people like snow. I find it to be an unnecessary freezing of water. Carl Reiner
is so flawless. Watching live videos all day.
Top 10 reasons to launch or expand your biz in #Buffalo: No.8: 27 colleges & universities in Western New York.
“: Free #juice. Let my dude go!” fuck... What happened?!?!
Excellent idea! Playing (and learning) at the museum works up quite the appetite!
Nine apps your mom will love: Google picks its favorite Mother’s Day apps
Last time I've been to the strip club in milwaukee .................. I'm still thinking about my answer it's been that long
i'm gonna suggest they put an ihop in at work. forget the rita's!
Very true. I tend to get my hopes up for them, then I'm disappointed when the movie comes out.
I just gagged. Cause it smells like fucking fish in the damn bathroom!!!!
I Loove you , I'm your biggest fan, you have no idea how much I'm crazy for you, follow me please ?????? 2
The drink looks good. But I think I just threw up in my mouth a lil from the name.
I love Tufte's books but I also love Safari Books Online - in both web and 'proprietary crap' formats. :-) keep it up!
New Stats: In 2011, Hoosiers provided more than $4.5 billion dollars worth of care for loved ones living with Alzheimer's disease.
Plus, look at Greg Oden. He should be on the Geico commercials.
We couldn't make it without your support. Please visit our website for ways you can help our kids and our organization continue to succeed!
I'm right here . Come to america so we can date
Now please proceed with the rest of your #obviousheadline hastag.
You and me both! : I will never be part of bar program that does "skinny" cocktails and includes calories counts on menus.
I sense poetry not far behind.
@#chitown bound. T minus 6 hours.
Kidnapped by moms last night
have a great flight. Can't wait to see you
In #Philadelphia with for the day on our way back to #NYC horray for a Philly #vegan day adventure before work on Monday at
It was VERY touching last night to see so many people here in DC to help us celebrate a life well-lived in Peter B. Goldberg. Thank you all.
valid point, thanks for the feedback; and yet more time seems likely to be spent on a new video game than a single album, perhaps?
And we're on the road
In an increasingly competitive world, every organization whether commercial, government or non-profit needs to stay ahead to survive
RT : I have so much love to give, I just want to make sure I give it to someone who will #lovemeback in return.
A Bible that is falling apart usually belongs to someone who isn’t.—C.H. Spurgeon
$$$ is my motivation
They were going to kill me!!!--new page update today
So pumped to play at St. Paul's tomorrow night!! Can't wait to kill someone.
Raining in la kinda nice once in a while:-)
y would someone end ur life?!?
good luck tonight lady!
Happy New Year!!! God bless!! <3
like Tom Hanks!?
#Havin' a nightmare means somethin' good will happen;&:))
Going on record now, Jordan Dorsey wins American Idol 10.
Thank you David Fantle from for being apart "An Evening with the Arts"! So glad you were able to help us out!
So excited that is now on the #Patriots!
my friend just asked me what date Christmas Day was on... #dumbthingspeoplesay ;)
celebrating Earth Day with
You're welcome and same to you. Love, many blessing and have a great week!
Thanks for the RT! Hope to see you guys tomorrow!
S/O to or finally listening to her bf and getting a twitter
that's right! A shorter version though. Have to fit it into 30 min.
Oh how people EASILY forget...... such a shame isnt it
I know! I just realized it. I'm thinking maybe the 10pm time, but Tuesday or Thursday, what do you think?
Rox have agreed to a 2-year deal with Matt Belisle.
well you have to be hosted to a website the hosts sites. then they give you the info for wordpress..
Still not home... I just wanna sleep in my own bed..
HOLY SHIT THEY BOTH MADE IT OH MY I CAN'T. HOW IS THIS POSSIBLE.
In the US, it's all about football, basketball and baseball, which makes watching the Olympics so fun and refreshing.
"crucifixation" is now my fave word RT ...christians wear crosses for them never to forget about the dudes crucifixation...
You are nothing less than a hero in my eyes! Thank you!
Question of the day: what would a human know about Love??
Got a lot of respect for! Great competitor. Great career at NMSU. Made Las Cruces proud!
No no no no no!!! I'm crying.
So jealous right now!
they probably won't mind.
Excited to make my return to the beach tomorrow at Stop by for drinks, beats & cool ocean breeze …
!!!!!!<<: Now gettin older heart gettin colder>>
Happy bday bob dylan :)
Bruce Irvin might be best known for making honorable mention on the very prestigious HP All-American team in 2011...
Diving into the depths of investments just because someone said so, is not a wise decision. Research is the key.
M's lineup could learn a thing or two from how Jeter and Granderson extended that inning. probably shaved a couple batters off Felix' night
workin' away as usual...lol....& you?
Interesting video, but companies get sued for false advertising a lot, & bad publicity for Fox alone would be fun to watch.:)
Playing schedule Tetris.
Need help finding a cheap apartment or hotel in NYC this week.
I remember Justin's Twitter hour about 2 months ago. He talking about viagra. I cant! (;
<f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008C>Neva took class with em but as far as I new he was a good dude his son is in my prayers rip Malcolm <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
I sent some stuff over
Nice job. Knew you'd be big after '99 double whammy in Phoenix.
"Let's keep rockin, dummies!"-
Congrats to my best friends and Matt! Couldn't be any happier for you two! Love you both to the moon and back! xoxoxo
you know i am! hope you are having a wonderful time!
Or, hmm, maybe it's the 62 tabs I have open in #Chrome ...
If we are creating ourselves all the time, then it is never too late to begin creating...
yup, thx for letting me borrow it from your wardrobe
Proposed solution for education problem in Indonesia: "Open" professor means that a professor can help several universities at once
Thank you so much for being here and offering your insight. It is greatly appreciated!
Favorite beach resort in the world _________
C'mon, you gotta give some points for creativity
depends on the kind of smacking you're going to be doing...
Cant fuck with somebody always feeling sorry for theyself..gotta keep it moving...
#Imhopingthat things change for the better.
I told him, if YOU had gotten hurt, then yeah, I would be all HA-HA. But losing a child? Never. No matter WHAT kind of ass you are.
I'm digging "absolutely" can i get a 6 minute version of that, if it's not taken?I'm writing about how to make a physics engine.
Change of plans - Pazzo will be open today, so come on down!
The winners in history understood the significance of timing, action, & context to produce a desired effect in reality!
Congrats , you've won a pair of tix to at NJPAC Fri night! DM us your name & phone number!
no way .. I'm in Pensacola
Goal! Barcelona 0, Manchester United 1. Nani right footed shot from the left side of the box to the centre of the goal.
i got cut by my own skateboard and my friendz think itz halarious wow! :)
haha what's he on there for now?
A half day of carving on the mountain is exactly what's needed before work.
just so you know u dont have to pay to say hi and get a REAL good look at me. we can talk 4 free i got sound set up and cam-to-cam also m!
Music videos matter in 'Spectacle'
Fuck off is the worst shit n the world
Had a great time at the show tonight. Thanks again for the tickets!!!
When life brings you down grab a down pillow
Bills fan worried RT “: Because he's a big name and fans want to hear it. RT Why is the backup QB having a PC? #Tebow”
I wake up early on my born day...
Let them eat dog
her neme is
okay sounds good!
But I changed my twitter name, is apparently not a good enough reason for new company business cards. Darn it! Haha!
The latest crisis at IMPD is indicative of a larger #Indy problem. How can citizens help? Call in tonight and share ideas: 317-736-0950
Demi is a judge on X-Factor US and the boys will be performing on it ! NEMI will happen ok :$
THE GOOD NEWS, a free suspense story available at Smashwords through 3-10-12. A life and death story of a small boy trapped in an elevator.
Keeping records on their calls. They're many sites in RE: 2 them harassing others.Looking into #ClassAction when I get 2 LA.
cream cheese was a beautiful invention
Tonight is the night my fellow Skeleton's~! #RSA Imagineers- Scotland Episodes! I cannot wait.#GrabYourSpottedDickAndLet'sGo~!
"THE right questions" asked re: Big Box retail in India, too bad time was so limited for deep debate on socio-economic impact
Win #Endurocross tickets from Champion KTM for May 4th event at the Orleans Hotel! Drawing May 4 @ 5:00 PM. #Text KTM to 90210
this bull shittt
Happy Birthday hope your day was great. Eat some cake for me!
So bored at work right now <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9> Is it 7 yet??
C'mon Lakers let's send the Hornets on vacation. I'm sure they could use one.
I totally agree. I shared that same statement with some teen girls yesterday at a luncheon we hosted.
You are welcome! Fun company you have - a nice change from some of the more technical startups we cover at
Writen to mercy
email alerts for new followers? Geez, even I'M not that narcissistic.
M's fans always need to root for other teams to help distract themselves from their own squad.
I received +K about Social Media from Thank you!
cause they're so disorganized and never have enough workers so sometimes I'm doing like 3 jobs at once which is rulllll stressful!
How sweet it is...
49! Not too bad for an old guy, but offense letting us down on the road so far this season.
thanks for the update! Wow!
You're not in Canada anymore...
ship the account! I'll run the gauntlet
There may be some things better than sex, and some things worse than sex. But there is nothing exactly like it.
- The Matthew Mayfield tune, Element.
Woe, is Me...check this band peeps! Disclamer: its heavy!
HYFR hahaha social media/networking is so entertaining sometimes!!
Nothing can be accomplished without "trying"
#myspecialty is getting screwed over and over
I'm gonna miss you..
The Road sits comfortably in my top 10, where it's been for the past 3 years. Not to say it's a comfy book to read.
you are missing your man all shirtless and shit
thank you for starting the "Tuesday's with ". Easily the best show I listen to all week
If you thought you were needed, You were wrong...
i don't even know how i did it.
Goldie chorus could knock harder.
Crafts galore this weekend in LA: &
fo real! i'm sitting here with regular old dudes & they didn't NEARLY react to adriana like yall did to DB!
I am going to take a long, long......long bath, this has been some week!
Erm, I mean
All the players on the san diego chargers team are 6'5 or taller
It's such a beautiful day out, took some vaca to enjoy it.
"Dirty Bieber Secrets" Is that he scretly listens to while he gets his dirty diapers changed.
Monday morning blues...
H.Yea
Ugh laying in bed not wanting to a. run & b. work...
I'm pretty sure lady gaga was elton john in a past life
Craft the only Buckeye that looks like he wants to be there today
I counted two headlines on Yahoo's news feed today about male celebrities getting a haircut. TWO! Why does America care?
Hey twitter, what's your favorite show on tv?
6.5 mile run and homemade sweet potatoe soup... I think I deserve this glass of wine!
"we're going to win...100% we are going to win" says Giants Pierre-Paul..!! How does this make you feel #PackerNation ???
lets do this
Glad you're making it out to Chicago - see you soon!
anyone on here have formspring? just made onee..
alright. Maybe they were right.. Didnt wanna believe it but okay. Fine.
I was also told how my music and voice had touched so many and reminded of how I managed to sell so many records on spite of recession. Thx
hey i am watching you on net flex damn I didn't know you played precious?? Fucken hog
last week my class was dropping like flies and now were all filing complaints against our creepy math teacher... I LOVE MY CLASS!
I dont know if i'd rather see #TheHungerGames today or cut off my left leg and make stew.
When did I ever compare him to Jordan? Also Jordan didn't do it by himself. Look up who was on his team as big men
Progress...comes through the tireless effort & persistent work of men willing to be co-workers with God- the time is always ripe to do right
why do you have 4,000 followers who arent real people? im so confused haha
JUST SAW
"I'ma let you finish, but Beyoncé had the best video of all time!" /Kanye RT : Thriller Is The Best Video Over
sorry I missed this deadline. Woulda loved a tweetup at Langley :)
What happened ? I cant see if u won -.-
follow me back please(: 4
Watched Idol...love me some Phillip Phillips :)
Ooh juicy! : ohh I got a majorly great piece! Can't wait to tell you all about the swap!
Interesting speech about the need to learn other languages to stay competitive.
lands end trail?
After all these tests today I just want to sleep right now that I'm in bed but unfrotunately there's work :(
Thanks for RT. Hope to see you on Saturday!
One week ago right now I was turning into someone retahded
I get so much more joy following the Jackson Generals than I do the Seattle Mariners
I lost a good friend today. I really hate this feeling.
I would highly recommend writing a business plan. No one is going to give you money otherwise.
cause I wanna see but fine then!
oh thank you very much hope that I gain much, really I would love to ONEDIRECTION that follow me, kisses
So late to the party on this but Sale to the 'pen? If he's sore would rest not be better?
gotta catch em all. btw--are bug repellent candles allowed? assuming no since they are distant cousin of the firework.
I'm going to go home and relax... get ready for my show tonight!
Loving the 15 percent off sale at organize.com today on all toy organizers.
Sad day, hearing of Adam Yauch's passing. He was an incredibly kind and talented person. Prayers out to his many friends & family.
Thanks for joining us today for #smallorgs ! Any suggestions for our next chat?
hey, the KCjazzmabassadors are now following you on twitter
It's RAINING RATS!!! Panthers fans in South Florida get it. Go Panthers!
Well Dang lol thats not good you need to fix that ASAP lol
Twitter is journalism's rough draft.
RT : Totally agree. I think an order is in order for in the future.
You cannot defect from an insight..You cannot unsee what you have seen.
"And the trouble is, if you don't risk anything, you risk even more." - Erica Jong
Went on long, paranoid rant about how staff are robots, mentioned time-traveling Chester A. Arthur - 5 stars
i cant wait till i go to Florida(:
No, not yet. I'm accepting samples of work and proposals right now. Give me a call or email me Tahnesha 404 7710164
Really hoping this antibiotic side effects dont kick in just as I start 2 perform 2nite.
Sent DM back...
Daddy's (Liam) face. lol. he's hurt. joke. :)
what is it to register with the Guild?
Enjoying the browsing experience within the twitter iPhone app.
Oswalt makes me so horny.
#AmexVirginAmer really excited about may tri to #seattle !!! thanks
Twitter on my phone >>> on the computer
just list your restaurants that would create a riot
OMG Nick Guess what if we Make a School for Only Us ICONiacz will youh Come :D :)ILYShawty<3
if you dont like me remember its mind over matter; i dont mind and you dont matter.
does not care one bit about Instagram.test ifttt
Interesting, we'll have to get back to you.
Drank a glass of iced tea and thought Thanks for getting me hooked! Miss you bro, hope your safe, can't wait to have you back!
If you're thinking about standing in line for fest tickets, don't.
How is Jaclyn in this? She is...really weird looking. Whatever happened to the Blakely+Monica lesbo thing? I was so excited! :(
listening to .....i miss them!
Salty Treat of the Day: Create your own low-fat trail mix by mixing no-salt nuts, sunflower seeds, raisins & a tbsp of chocolate chips! M
that's one of my old ones.:) Thank you beautiful!
Happy Birthday young one! To be 22 again. enjoy
People hate on Chris Bosh, but they ARE missing him, non-debatable!
When someone is telling the truth, it's the same story with the same details EVERY time. When someone is lying the details change.
God in game version xD
Alot of people gone hate me the rest of this year.... Wait till I drop my 32 Bar Take Off!!! They not ready 4 this one...
Karma for what? haha.
About to embark on the 3rd step of the interviewing process for a company, an intelligence test
Or re-purpose labs to collaborative spaces MT : Removing the labs is incremental; maybe think reducing the labs
hay guyz c: any chance u coming to dc?? (:
loving the avi :)
now your free rolling your buy in Thursday Haha
Just taught myself how 2 French braid my hair!!!
Damn, the weather is so nice.
Going to the gym now! :-)
Want to know how to get free #nook books? Put 0.00 in the search field of the shop.
when you have to force yourself to be polite to stupid people who don't get that I don't care he's banned from the mall
Independent artists have a dream and a perspective to share with you. Listen!
I just put raw egg on my face...
RT - Kettani cut by Pats after being ordered to Navy: FOXBOROUGH, Mass. (AP) -- The New England Patriots have re...
Went for an iPad 2 & they're out of stock. :(
suck my dick
#coe2012 It was great speaking with you all at this year's Council of Executives. #Goodwill innovates!
RT : Tim Tebow: I don't always complete passes, but when I do I prefer the fourth quarter.
I pray you get healed from all pain hurt and anger settle Down peacefully
like your looking at his hair ;)
Madison Craft Beer week. Let's do this.
See thats what some of yall get for givin my Lakers to much last night thats all imma say
right, I know! I live downtown and thought about buying a chicken, actually.
Let me know if you make it to the showing.
props to papa Ron for being a hoss behind the wheel lol
In a profile photo colors, stripes, width of tie or lapels can have a flattering unflattering effect. What works in life may not on film
Damn it. Chad Qualls is the weak link. Always get nervous when he's in there. And that's why.
that was only as joke to get you to laugh ;)
Yeah right, Georges Perec. I barely poke holes into "the subject"
Why wait any longer? Start growing your business today! Visit us at www.MyBizXchange.com.
The weathers been real bipolar today.
neat. Have you watched it?
I don't feel good at all.
Financial systems for software companies don't easily accomodate #subscription businesses - need a new income statement
ah! Theyre coming in from all over the country! I love it and thank you!
Any suggestions on where to through a bridal shower on the westside of Cleveland? I want it to be a fun atmosphere.
truth “: ": "Wait, can you take another picture of us? Last one, promise." #TSM" guilty on this one fersuuuure..”
I taught last quarter using that method. Most (not all!) students enjoyed it.
Had a rare American cab driver this morning. Actually from Chicago. Asked him for his favorite pizza. He recommended Gino's East.
thinks Chardonnay is 1 of the best organic white wines they have ever tried! tinyurl.com/5r9tv6u
Flaming enthusiasm, backed up by horse sense and persistence, is the quality that most frequently makes for success. Dale Carnegie
What's up with fun sized candy ? There's nothing fun about "less" candy.
Anyone knows how to make a pretty compliment in Spanish?
#Pats get a rematch of the #Superbowl they lost to the #NYGiants. Do you think Peyton Manning gets #free tickets since they play in Indy?
Random thought - if your pants are so tight I can see your THONG, then it kinda defeats the purpose of said thong.
I really want to sing Bill Wither's Lovely Day at karaoke, just to prove to everyone that I can hold that note.
wonderful piece on Pyara and other area spas in the current issue of !
Happy New Year! Have a safe evening & we'll see you next year! www.blackforestremodelandtile.blogspot.com Portland's Remodel Expert!
Steven Yang, Follow UP!
Adjectives make everything better. Hey, we never talked about freelance design stuff. Next week sometime?
And even though it's going to rain tomorrow...I don't care. Spring is here and summer is on the way. LOVE!
"Success is achieved & maintained by those who try and keep trying." W Clement Stone
Creature of habit: Tonight I will be watching episode five of must see new TNT drama Dallas. Yup...it is as good the second time around.
Check out for the latest in #EDM in NC. The next couple of months will be #EPIC. , ,
I am about to root my nook simple touch. You have no idea what I'm talking about, up here in the world at the end of time.
oh man i think i want some grilled cheese sandwiches with tomato soup :(
Hardwork+Dedication+Skills=Success That's the chemical balance of a Winner!!!
on Monday during his factor show
Sleep time !
Lin doesn't need to play another minute this year to earn that $5M contract. Baron is doing all the work for him!
we are desperate! we all wanna see the #BELIEVEalbumCover just as much as we wanna see "jerry" ;) haha please? stop teasing!
I'm not as good as you? No, I'm better.
heck yeah!
I have told you to shut up like a million times, and you just won't! #shutup??
thanks for posting the pix sis
not unless you have a lawyer...lol
ha. Doesn't matter when you give up 80.
$110 hots on the line RT : Memphis needs to get this.
Holy F*&% I'm bored... send me some entertaining tweets please?
fam you r the MAN...
GODDAMMIT WHERE IS MY MASTERPIECE THEATRE
I'M BACK BITCHEZZZZZZZZ!!!
I am getting it tattooed on me.
#BeenInLove wit him, Loves when he calls just because he is thinking abt us, I will nevA evA stop loving him, I can't, its not in me!!!
specifically referring to the
this album is like amazing I can't wait until it officially comes out ! PF: #RomanReloaded 04.03.12 !
can't wait for #believe!
CONGRATULATIONS ON TOP 4 SAMUEL.. I HOPE YOU MAKE IT TO THE END AND GET A GLEE PART!! LOOKING FORWARD FOR NEXT SUNDAY FINALE--
yeah man they're both cool..I'm checking for some dope graphic designers I know right now..
Don't have to worry about anything #ThatsWhatIWant <U+E40A>
I just registered && purchased my tickets for the Autism Sings Concert in Nashville! So excited, can't wait to see you! ;)
Goodnight everyone! Stay safe. :)
Innovation happens in Indiana! Muncie's helps aspiring entrepreneurs nurture, cultivate and grow their business ideas
great show. Your supporting cast is awesome too.
wat kinda wrk u gotta do?
*shivering* I am so cold! My teeth chattering & everything.
MT : . & I will be debuting our new cover of "Somebody That I Used to Know" by Gotye tonight at !
wonder how all this flew under the radar, but UK gets a 5 page letter about Cal's win total? #NCAA Hypocrites
If God is watching us, the least we can do is be entertaining. --Have a great Tuesday!
Lots of booing of the commish
I miss you too! Let's get our room situation figured out if youre down for saff and mosh like it's 1999.
Can we vote? We'd love to support you guys.
win winner winning
been food just grindin gettin to da pe$$o$
Today the Commander-In-Chief of the United States of America will most likely privately discuss the suicide of Soul Train host Don Cornelius
NIALL'S HAPPY TRAIL SWEET BABY JESUS!!!!!!
If you ever want to write a short article for us about your experiences with synchronous we would love to see it.
I am about to barf.....Not what I expected this afternoon....
<333 i'm all smiles now(:
31 one days down in 2012 and Avery is doing an awesome job! If u want Avery to rock your Ts YOTT style hit us up!
Chiefn blue Dream
5% off Fridays starts TODAY! Lots of Lakewood businesses participating!
RT Sad idiots? RT Who's gonna be watching #KhloeandLamar with me tonight!?
Sir Bob&#39;s first aid Commons campaign takes flight
Thanks to and the rest of the band for bringing the Madhouse to last Saturday night!!!
yo, can you go find Chiddy? Um yea, where is he? I dunno.
That's my pleasahh *John Witherspoon voice*
okay why did & i just eat ALL the halloween candy? maybe i should go buy another bag, for the um...children?
omg its gonna suck the movie industry 2day
This guy doing Britney is killin' me.
one of my favorites...if you have Netflix, all but the last season is available streaming. Enjoy :)
The fact that you think you can walk in and out of my life as you please<<<
SAUSAGE CHEESE BUSCUIT, HASH BROWN AND AN ORAGE JUICE... ON POINT
#Germany Can Good Generals have vices? Read controversial new #Civilwar novel, GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL CathyLLogan $2.99 Amazonkindle
when it comes to gambling, some of us are luckier than others (sigh)
PA appointed new delegates to Congress J Morton, J Dickinson, R Morris, B Franklin, C Humphreys, E Biddle, T Willing, A Allen, and J Wilson
it's like wow with a yow... No need to thank me, it's a gift!
Show tonight at Tritone on south street between 15th and 16th. Get there!
good luck man!
dnt sweat thm louisville fans, thy have no morals
Anyone in the Twin Cities area looking for some free live music tonight? Come see The Whiskies at Cowboy Jacks!
yay bus stop #lets go
Unfortunately not. The library is my only mistress tonight.
Great to have a day off after a week of shooting...
No never!
you mean your retarded? Knew it...
Scott Fitzgerald proudly saying he voted for the Fake Democrat--proving that he has trouble telling right from wrong!
Westgate for a little celebratin. Just another day in my opinion to be honest. Thanks y'all for the bday wishes though!
I wish I was my ex best friends friend again. I miss the fun we had together and now it's all gone :/
u not joking bro lol
Yep. Next year, but I still think they can win at least one series this year.
Love is the foundation from which your decisions about your life should be made.
BOTH hands and BOTH feet this time-LOL!
"turn my headphones up." -things rappers say. Things moms never say.
that's satin. that's a fabric.
Any good articles you know of that compare ColdFusion Builder code insight to IntelliJ's code insight?
- is trying to ask you an important question. Please answer him so we can all sleep at night
I'll drop a note for it; thing is to edit that one, one'd have to edit all and it'd be a resources thing...
Idc what anyone says! Weezy killed it. Just not at how to love. (: lol.
My son just makes me smile
There is only so much time that I can dedicated to a relationship right now..
not sure...we always are rotating beers! Also have the pikes X stout
Can't wait to see the boyz in Tacoma again next year. :)
Practicing for my debate competition this Friday and Saturday!
Can't you do both? I thought you were Superman..
you lucky i love your racist ass, or i'd make skater dude kidnap you :')
Sitting.. sitting.. more sitting.. God I love school.
Shifting to a Platform-Agnostic Work-flow ... Next Up: the nextPub Initiative will be held on the 4th floor in Wilder in TEN MINUTES!
11:11 Make a wish! Good night
than previously thought by the navy.
No one can make you feel inferior without your consent. Eleanor Roosevelt
justin please follow me
Now I see why dude needs multiple trentas on Mondays. I'm not built for this rock n roll life.
LOLOL! tell us how you REALLY feel. don't hold back! :)
I know you love Madison, but if Madison was this states biggest city there wouldn't be much of a difference between us and ND
that happens to me at 10a. Could be the marijuana.
Can't wait to have my own place #newyorkerintheheart I <U+E022>NY
starburst jellybeans are so fire
The only movie I ever cried in is Marley and Me....and when I say I cried I mean I was bawling for a day<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094>
"I had one teacher tell me it was a bad idea. but I just thought she only said that because it would offend people."
I'm in love.
thanks baby <3
I went on vacay the wrong week!;) RT Stayed late tonight laughing and sharing stories with small group leaders. I love my job!
#whosgonnalose - Tampa Bay at New Orleans - Tampa Bay will lose
It feels good to have Boston public works verify our 8 drops of clorox per gallon of water, wait 30 mins trick...not so good to need it!
they not ready for you >>>>>
Support each other!!! Listen, D/L, your fellow VA/DMV artist, we should all be listening, theres def some good tunes
Turned out that building an aircraft carrier cake took a while, not really a great surprise!
Wait. Are you sure you want to do that? I mean, REALLY sure?
were based in Pittsburgh
aww. im sorry, i just got lucky that she lives here. lol
Pumped your here, can't wait to see ya'll breaking them down!
Sometimes I hate not having a lot of girl friends.
Our Creative Director Becky Karp spent two days at #ComicCon. Appropriately, her fav part was the comic designers and illustrators panel.
Found out where the good beer is at in wrigley
Looking to purchase snowshoes. Anyone know where to buy?
Lol she silly
Loves it! Cant wait to watch new episode RT : #G2BR is trending in the United States! Y'all better WORK hussies and heffas!!!!!
Zia's is building a bar to go with the pizza! Stoked!
Have bruises on my legs from savage women
neon green and gold. Matte-finished helmets. That's what my nightmares are made of.
doing interview with Ray & Joe show on College Underground Radio tomorrow - will update with details soon
"Our family is a circle of love and strength. With every birth and every union, the circle grows. Every joy shared adds more love."
Nice to meet you Miriam. Mark
ever heard of sunscreen. .wow. #smartkid LOL
I want a cake!
You cant buy love but damn do you pay for it.
Yellow light does not mean stop meat
Birthday day boy at bat. Andre Ethier. #Dodgers take an early lead in the 1st. 1-0 over the
Health Tips: Cold pressed oils are better for you….unless you cook with them, then you are wasting your money
We're at the world's largest Culver's for lunch!!
The espresso bar will stay open for your art viewing pleasure if you come in.
killed it last night in new Orleans. Best show ever and all I could think was "kidd would love this"
Thank you. I will submit my query.
Modernizr exists to put an end to user agent (UA) sniffing.
“: Defeats Kelly Kelly to become the new Diva's Champion #HIAC”about time.
's dance moves are priceless in "If You Want To"
Happy Birthday to one of my favorite Badgers, !
Tell Michael you follow BentleyPC on Twitter and get $20 off any service!
Agreed. RT : Visited the bookstore at lunch. I love that campus this time of year. (Well, any time, but especially now.)
Red Album hot but ur docs advocate will always be dha bestt!!! -G UNIT bitches!!!
Thank you so much for such an amazing time last night Best set ever
don't get me invoked. It was your idea.
yea, i just got my internet back not too long ago. I can start writing stories whenever. That's why I texted u that one day.
County Board of Supervisors unanimously votes on a map that creates a minority majority in District 1!
BAM! RT : With a regulation decision in the Milwaukee game, the #Amerks have clinched a berth in the 2012 Playoffs!
The wind is really having fun with my twirly skirt today. Maybe a little too much fun.
will this process take more than a month or less?
lol blue mud? That's some magic type shit
AAVG nice hits coming back!!!
“: “Ultimately the American people won’t take 'no' for an answer.”Obama on Republicans no vote American Jobs Act”
#SunDevils let's put on a clinic for the Aggies!!
I'm at the tracks, warming up or volleyball and Tori Amos is playing from the jukebox. #wot?
Ridin in the passenger seat of u womans Corvette #ThatAintWinning Your woman riding u in the passenger seat of her Corvette
the position is called "sweeper" Matt
Chelsea FC about to win the FA Cup, Go Blues
My cab driver said I looked like lady gaga and someone else id rather not say...liar? I partially hope not!
I haven't had a heart for a looonnggg time bud. But yeah sure fine. Just, stick your neck out as far as you can.
especially if they have Far Side cartoons!
Is that your girl, what's her fuckin story? She kind of bad but she ride it like a fucking pony.
Yup - I was being a little snarky in my post. They are a cheap attempt at stopping the inevitable.
Q3. Most annoying spammers you've encountered
Heading back home following great premiere by Quatuor Bozzini in Montreal.
It's expensive, but worth it if you're self-employed.
Fantastic panel at #ADWKDC ! Huge thanks to and
i know :o
Last time I was in the city this early was to take the GRE. Now I'm here for 1 of 3 school visits. It's a good feeling.
time for some scripting!
I told you. Now Taryn's sad
Will miss Giants game due to my flight. Lose and I won't mind, win watch them in the Super Bowl. Go
It might not have been a great idea to walk all over the island this morning. I'm beat and mah dawgs are barking!
witha line like that you need to record whenever it worked
x factor, i'm ready <U+2665>
Hope to see Jamie at the parade!!!
-; Just Got home wat a Fuckin night
wake'em up then knock'em dead! Good luck on the presentation.
just watched a friend take on the 7lb. burrito challenge, and she KILLED it.
Worst #AprilFools joke ever: the Red Hot Chili Peppers concert is canceled, again.
: Sometimes it's not all about the $$$...it's the principle and morals which I see yours is questionable!
a 3.3ghz 6 core laptop makes my brain explode....
Shea and Mango Butter lotion bars came out just lovely. The way it feels on the skin is uncomparable. So much better than store crap.
FOLLOW LET PEOPLE KNOW! THANK YOU
Only my man is crazy enough to camp out for jordans on #NOSLEEP! Lol
haha that's great Tasha. I usually don't call unless it's a booty call. Sober or drunk those are great
I'm on my way home from hanging out with all of the awesome freinds that I haven't seen in a while.
I'm looking for an #OFL calligraphic Devanagari font. Can anyone out there in the Twittersphere help?
Old school like A/S/L?
Santa has the BEST job in the world. And let's not forget about his team of helpers. Now that's teamwork. :)
Looking forward to this week!
- Are you seeing D Wade? <<<< Then you will understand
Tired den a bitch
Richard Brown: "Workflow is a slippery beast."
What a great day
Yep oh well what can we do just to help them get educated and wear a belt
Check us out on tomorrow morning for a mothers day special via
HEY I JAILBROKE MY PHONE AND LOST MY CONTACTS I COULD OF USED U FOR THE VIDEO LAST WEEKEND TEXT ME YOUR NUMBER, SO I HAVE IT
#facepalm why did I never think of that? It's ok though. They left.
is opening for Chiddy Bang this week! Follow him.
When people talk about artists as if we don't have "real jobs"...THAT GETS ME MAD
I just spelled my name phonetically and realized how much easier life is going to be come October.
is Freckle having issues? I'm getting a 502 error.
I'm 'bout ready to start smoking weed again. #Smh. I can't wait though.
doing lovely
Really hit the spot. Be back soon.
Thanks for the shout out! RT : Love the site! All readers should check it out for great shots...
"Tim, you hit her right in the baby!!!!"
Happy Monday all! Have a great week!
ha. Ty man!
This CAN'T be a shining moment for boxing. 37K people sitting in silence as its greatest athlete uncontrollably shakes in a golf cart...
guess whose kid is student of the month at her school? that's right bitches!
Wish I could gloat about the Celtics sweep of Meloicks, but it looks like the Nuggets will experience that same fate in a few days.
Oh, me either, believe me. Friggin' amazon...
What are you up to now, Katie?
Better late than never. THE YANKEES WIN!!!!!!!!! 8-5!
well that's good :)
Shoutout To New Followers - thank you!
Side hustle = word of the week cc
Never point a finger where you never lent a hand.
no Stockton is scary.. Linden is all farm
Looking for a full website for you or your business. Our sites start at $350 and can be completed in 5-7 days. DM if you are looking for one
I'm reading ATOCHA now and it is blowing my mind.
Newbie no more! :) RT : Good Monday morning to all our viewers & welcome & to the team!
ha okay see ya around Valentine's Day! Either way, very excited!
Can't wait for CHURCH tonight!! Jesus + Incredible worship + Youth from all around EP in THE #HOUSE 2NITE 7PM
Maybe next year Hawks.
still in dtla? Come by!
how about you retweet my horoscope?
Why is Anthrosource's basic search functionality so extraordinarily bad?
nicest thing you've ever said to me haha
Health & Wellness Dir.,Ron Perry, finishes 3rd in age division at the IBM Uptown Classic yesterday. Congrats on a great run Ron!
Barely recovering from last night thanks to Think I gave up drinking ...for today at least <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C> my liver needs rest for
“: Actually excited about my birthday right now thanks to ” I'll be there too!!!
RT : RT : Hey Denver & NYC! We are holding an All American Handyman Open Call tomorrow in your city! Visit...
#quotes #art #photog I paint objects as I think them, not as I see them. Pablo Picasso
Lincoln: Birthplace & Home of Weird Wally (& Weird Lots of Other People)
Our New Year's resolution is to eat more TACOS~! :)
#seanpaul tonight! Woo!
wow. 2 hours in the kindle forums, 15 books recommended (not mine), mentioned mine once in a PROMO thread, and my posts got deleted...
More food news: 2 new tapas places in Fells - Tapas Adelas (from Kalis Court group) and Sam's Kid (pan asian tapas)
I miss Can't wait to hear about your trip.
There is no sincerer love than the love of food.
Just saw 1st obvious thing I know LaRussa wouldn't do, pitching to Lucroy with 1st open and a lefty on deck
Hey #MusikMesse attendees! What are you most excited about this year?
ohh well that answers my question....!
Thanks for the RT on my interview with Dr. Shushkevich
My Sat. nite - let's call it my tour of America. Just finished American Beauty. Up now: American Psycho.
LOL Ken. You live right by me and I've yet to see you do that....lolol.
lol i guess
=How librarians mark territory RT There are barcodes on almost all our filing cabinets. I guess that is in case we misplace one.
Good luck to Skyhawk softball today. One win away from the ultimate goal....the NCAA tourney!
It is making me a bit drowsy as well.
I wonder why everything is much more funnier when you're not allowed to laugh..
When he actually stops calling me for good I hope I don't wish I would've answer <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Stay golden PONYBOY!:D
Good night everyone <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097> Good night <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
Just both practica next semester. You all done with both?
I live like 4 hours away! I live in st.louis!
RT : never trust a person who doesnt like r.kelly's music.
Practice Saturday >>> boy say
On this plane next the redeye
tell me when
come to the highlands festival tomorrow!
nope your argument is invalid
Except it works when they do it even at Camden Yards so they aren't really idiots
former #PRSSASDSU speaker is looking for a PR intern for a nat'l camp. I rec she reach out to you.
That is awesome, would love to talk more. Can you shoot us an email with more info?
So excited for this evening! May you all have a safe and beautiful Christmas Eve!
i'm loving & hating & not caring about the game in england all at the same time! #becauseimawesome #englishcallitsoccertooright?
note to German DJs: promotional bios that read great in German, often sound super arrogant when translated into English
I was by your homestead for a movie tonight and all I could think was "watch for crazy bus people".
Educause needs a "small university" track or section.
This candy sucks
How would YOU wear these Crush Ladies’ Bands…? Stacked in white, yellow & rose gold….Or paired w/ your Crush diamond engagement ring?
please shawn one more match. Cant believe how old people are lol. I can remember you throw marty into the glass. Ur the best.
Great session with &
I'm giving up survivor AND American idol for this?
weekend was good, hit up Disneyland on Sat. Sunday we ran 20 miles!!! How bout you?
I feel like on the weekend #McDonalds should extend their breakfast hours until 2:00. Ending at 11:00 is too early.
FYI - almost SOLD OUT! RT : Oh My God If you didn't Go Out to last night Rave On to at tonight
Spike Lee last night.... he looked like a Jack-o-Lantern
College, why are you making me hate movies?
Please follow me , honestly u r my role model ! Nd I am absolutely in love with ur band !(:
is that you on the flute in the intro of the
Strawberry Andrè and OK Cupid discussions with &
thank u <3
The fact that Dwyane Wade has never been voted first-team All-Defense is a travesty
230 for airfare and i was thinking the end of june or first of july
Copying Family VHS tapes to DVD...seems to have been a mad rush from people before christmas to get them done!!
Can boxing get any more corrupted? you should promote the WWE instead. Fake promotion company
Donna dont give me that right now, Im double parked and got the food!!
Loss of balance in your dog or cat? Dizzy? Let's have a look.
their response?
Katrina's beautiful daughter is visiting us today -- we see where she gets her good looks!
Great, thanks for the response!
YOU KEEP MAKING ME WEAK. GAAAAHH.
I love you \Son. You are a wonderful young man, I am so proud of!
: so is mine. I just remember you hate people. But are the sweetest/ most adorable kid ever
People shouldn't be allowed to cover Beach Boys songs. No one can harmonize the way they could.
Hope it's not me. PH! Haahaa jk
thanks mr Cato aka golden lungs.
can you follow my other account please
Your talking loud not saying much.
I know both of you startup people! I'm at wework tomorrow if you're in town Ricky! Want to grab lunch?
Onion bagel, veggie cream cheese, hot sauce. Livin the life
You Pervert Again JK
#whosgonnalose - Atlanta at NY Jets - Atlanta will lose
Holy cow that was bad
Yeah,she mentioned that someone had contacted her who was doing a doc. I thought it may be you guys.
TRIVIA QUESTION will be posted in 30 minutes at 10pm EST for chance to WIN band - must follow
BIG LYLE!! Can we get. Deca yeah?
why would you be scared?
your mustache makes you look a lot like derrick holland. Ha! :3
<<<< followed now
Looking forward to my New Years Eve kiss.
someone like you is GREAT :) I just played it 5 times in a row #cantgetenough I am a
and then I dreamt of school with CPR training and a class party with mashed potatoes N some really good chicken tacos.
Can't help noticing Santorum's voice getting a little country down in Dixie. Happens to everyone. Still funny.
“: You're ignoring me now? Cool.” my life right now
well it tastes better with pineapple lol.
Someone is on a computer, with headphones, listening to the Carmina Burana. Makes me think of Excalibur. I should watch that again one day.
Looking forward to an amazing show tonight!!!
Wake me up before you go-go..
why what's good nigga? What time is the gym
Anyone want to sell their Heidelberg Cylinder die cutter? 28" or larger. Call me, 888-BRAUSSE. Ask for Jake.
I will be having one shortly
was she reporting inaccurately or what she pretending to be someone she wasn't?
...and now Aaliyah is playing on K104. Thank you, Baby Girl. <3
well that's cool lolol :3
Who receives a gift, sells his liberty.
do you know where all the bras are?
is "Portland's Best New Business of 2012." 24/24 Five Star ratings on Google & Yelp -
Why are we not home yet?
You're the only one who can make the difference. Whatever your dream is, go for it. -Earvin Magic Johnson
lol sorry. What's up?
I decided not to miss the wonderful opportunity that presented itself...
Citadel on Saturday? Good luck amigo.
I showel don't lyk lighting
“: Most CA taxpayers have to work until the day taxes are due just to pay their taxes.” 11% of my $ went 2 Feds
#tchat Devils Advocate Question here - Are communities managed so that they seem organic in creation/engagement?
Change of plans. just got the best news ever when i walked into work today. on my way back home soon to move everything out. going to be a …
I don't even know you
If you can't see the bright side, polish the dull side. #randomthoughts :-)
#FF for great conversations with educators!
how are you?
Everything happens to me.
“There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure.”
you mean maximum? if so, yes, slow down, the night is still young. If you meant minimum, see my last tweet.
we'll be in Michigan on September 11th. Come hang out man!
Listened to the new jeff bridges album last night. Once is prolly enough.
lol i was asleep now im wide awake.-.
#NCA12 submissions are due tomorrow. Email convention AT natcom DOT org if you have any questions.
very annoying!
im dropping one more mix before i leave MS, tonight.
Feel Better and God Bless.
Chipotle or Sushi? um
Tooting your own horn is one of the joys of Twitter. Toot away.
#BGC8reunion all tuned in!!!
I want the Rangers to win this if for nothing else to give it to Ron Washington. That man loves baseball
Whats up bro?
if his wallet is open, OSU will keep him close enough
What do you think of letting ppl who want to be anon post to YOTBA? EG: meau's 11/10 post
Easter Sunday went fine for me so far...planning something tonight with ;)
The best ideas that got tonight were from #ThePitch hashtag. You're welcome ;) (I love live-tweeting - everyone here is so good.)
if u ever listen to Les he's pretty rude to people who don't share the same opinion as him
Just got my first response to participate in my research! Holla!! (sadly, she's only available at 8 am, but I'll take it)
Don't forget a Fashion Attic Gift card for Christmas! Tell him (or her) that's what you want in your stocking!
we did it! Great meeting you!
You're only as tall as your heart will let you be.And you're only as small as the world will make you seem.
Some people hate what they can't understand
YAY is now following you! Reply w/GET username to see their latest tweet. Reply w/WHOIS u
This will be my second year. I'm so glad #MaxFunCon is soon!
No worries, Stay Safe!
Propecia and weight loss | Shipped Worldwide.: Shipped Worldwide. Online drugstore: you pay for your health. Order online propecia Pr..
huh? Hybrid?
It is embarrassing, some of the shows I watch living with my lady. Ahh man...
There's always possible upside to picking man in form *IF* you will drop him when form ends
My master gardener coworker suggested coffee grounds. Only problem is, we don't drink coffee at home.
Thank you to all of our new followers. We would love to follow you back. Just tweet us so we can!
I forgot #kiddori when I went out this weekend. What did I need to find out? A kid's age.
So much drama. I seriously hate it. Today i'm just gonna chill.
Its nice to be able to finally start catching up on my massive queue.
lol yes!!!!! U look just like your sis!!
I hate shaking ppl's hands.
Correction, "Loren C Brown"
Loved it! - can't wait for Season 2 to start!
: thanks taz it's going to be a good nite tonite
you need to umm talk to me about this more!! I'm coming over soon.
I am here everyday so message me anytime you wish I am here for you darling
you have to strive to suceed laziness never makes it
youre still my favorite teacher though!
This fucc a nigga records I'm the CEO
Steve Harwell of is pouring tequila down throats of audience members here at Grand Slam Charity Jam, including !
Conan and David Letterman killing Jay Leno on the Late Show.
cant i have to finish my chores then wait for my mom to get home
saw a really cute guy at church ^-^
Senate passed HB174... now will the House do the right thing and do the same?
Tomorrow, I get to give a talk on our work building/caring 4 green roofs and living walls to the Pauma Valley Gardening Club. I love my job!
<U+2615> Drinkers Live Longer #Fact Woot Woot!!
They still get paid $$millions even if they lose? NCAA > NBA :) RT : Why didn't call timeout and draw up a play??
I'm soo tired!
Mark your calendar for Bakken Evening Out--Monster Mash at The Bakken Museum, October 13 from 5-8 p.m. Electrifying fun for grown-ups!
What about spider crabs? I've heard they goosestep in a most unearthly manner.....
I'm so proud of myself, ran my first mile...baby steps
Enjoyed talking to folks at #ocls2010. Got good feedback on our presentation. Wish we had more time for conversation at the end.
HAY MATT HAY :D
Follow AND TELL HIM SENT YOU
longtime no twitter... what's happening here?
New shirts, new stickers, new bands member, new CD, party this Sat @ the Hemlock Tavern
Forever writing proposals. All you decision makers out there, tell me what YOU like to see in a proposal.
my hump my hump my lovely last week of Aetna humps.... Friggin sad!!!!
Thanks a lot. It sucks because u go to sleep with it & wake up to go to work only to find it gone. People suck sometimes -_- lol
“: I never got to meet <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094> #SadSanAntonian” same here :(
Just spent five minutes searching city website for council live feed in vain. Logged into Twitter and had the link right there
it's her fault
Sure thing!
I didn't particularly enjoy art class in grade school, but I'm glad it was part of my education.
I did.
It's a gorgeous day today! Why not book a week day #event? Be 1 of the next 6 to book & reserve the space for 4 hrs at just $250!
Hey look it's Tom Barrett!
You're hurting my feelings, -le cries-
RT :i still use the same lenses as with my 5d. Canon ef lenses rock they..what do you use for color grading and editing..?
Only if you don't actual get anything IN the drive-thru...then, you are just 'driving by' DID YOU SEE WHAT I DID THERE?! lol
follow me back please!!!
but that's my insight: there is a hole in the market to operate at Excel level of abstraction:below PowerPoint, above Hive
I was disappointed that after all the hoops Barney jumped through in proposing to Quinn, it looks like he's marrying Robin.
I don't know how to be a mean girl. Ugh. Love you to pieces <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B>
Welcome to -Just checked out your site and it looks great Can't wait to get the videos for our speech therapy library!
It only gets worse Im 50 and I hear my mom thinks your Hot now that really sucks
Great talk, Molly - reminded me yet again why I enjoy your work so much. So agree 1 World 1 Web.
good luck!
ACOUSTICS! LOL (x we cool.
Ah! just followed me!(: Such an amazing show last night! <3
Very cool that Twitter has already integrated Pocket!
I love the fact that tweets his followers back, such a cool guy!
Enjoy it while it lasts. Cause if the opportunity.presents itself, she will cheat on you.
Another year older and feeling better than ever! Thanks to everyone for all the warm birthday wishes :)
Don't ever change...
thank you!
I don't believe that you know what sex is, Mike Posner.
<==== hasn't had a patient since 12... *keeps feet up on desk*
"You smell good...you better be careful you might be bit"... Just another day in Catskill..yikes
We have room for one more winner. Guess the location. It's more fun than this Ravens game right now...
may i call u liz?
I set the date for my album cover photo shoot. It's later this month. Things are moving along. So many details!
Use flickr,video etc.. to invoke feelings and help them re-experience.
...1) Its mother's day - so today, moms do the asking. 2) Im The Scariest Mom on TV - you don't want to ask me for things
Imagine pre-nups with pet provisions...
he hears no longer bother, and said - and you'll be about ehm?
Hi Alastair, like to share how Kanjoya's emotional tool can assist you better understand your client's campaigns Follow me to DM?
you already kno my man where u been
Kid at the library wants to rap but none of his friends will "set a beat" for him. You should always have a friend willing to be a beatbox
Hey ladies Dre's shower has been changed to the 10th!!
Had a great day :)
We are committing to help lead the way in completing 1.5million community service hours before July 2013.
omg tameka did just say that
So hungry I'm just now eating fixed some steaks smothered w/onions & some seasoned veggies, then nap time head hurt :)
John Dorsey must have a full pack of gum tonight. You guys are busy!
its not like theyre ESPN announcers here, these guys are on Fox Sports SAN ANTONIO! Sean Elliott even played with Tim Duncan!
The highest rate of property crime occurs in the South region of the US, which includes Atlanta and D.C. Does that surprise you?
To the ignorant person next to me: I'm trying to enjoy a tennis match. Please put your phone on silent!
Last Sunday before Tuesday's election. Come by HQ and phone bank, blockwalk, and help get Bo elected! #GoVoteBo!
I love you soo mucch!! RT? Follow? Idc just notice your number one fan!!
2 more followers PLEASE C:
“: I want to go back to Portland and drink beer and eat from food trucks forever!”
Oh. I'm trying.
Im tired of girls tweeting about how hot is i dont even know who he is! of hes attractive get over it hes just a normal guy
Great walk from downtown to Brookline, cannot believe it is February
#AskSarah Who is your favorite rapper
I heard the current Kindle is good w/ PDFs? I'm already OCRing, & I'd like to be able to sync notes w/ my compy. But e-ink! ah.
I love how your acting hard through text only. I just love it !
I LOVE you :D
I wish... pour one for me
Stolen. one of those songs that I need on endless repeat.
interesting site but should be called "what real (white) women look like"
Love is in the air!!!
Hello...the news is on !
Heading to New York might get to run into Theo
not sleeping tonight! woo
Anybody ever see a sign or walker south of the 8?
tupleooo with and #Brady <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
": “: Butterflies.......... Still. :)” I have a effing butterfly sanctuary in my stomach due to you"dead. So cute.
65% of all hamburgers and cheeseburgers are consumed away from home.
BRO still I'm LP at Rocks! Where u at?
Thanks!!! Lol :D
HA lucky betch
Loved u on the reunion! Still my favorite!
let's make it 15 weeks and take over history!!!!!
M, popsicles. Always remind me of long, hot walks home after summer days at the #2 archive in Nanjing...
we are back on the road!
Now lunch then and I will kick off our session on reaching new collaborators and why we preserve. -Jessica
also, getting it right in camera.
ahah idk i just started following ppl and telling them to follow back
saw you on tv for the game today, hope everything is going well with you!
Busy week ahead
I need some new nail polish :(
Rockin the Style Suite is our fabulous Sponsor - cannot wait for Saturday night!
VICTORY IS MINE :D
Is not the only game in town but the Best
good. I'm not the tender, cuddly type.
plz dont drag the #brewers into this RT : 3 errors in 1.1 inning. That's hot #nlcentral baseball for you.
I don't drink coffee, but when I do, I drink vanilla cappuccinos.
It's wax-tastic Tuesday! All brazilians and #Vajazzling scheduled today. Everyone is going on cruises or to the beach.
Having some of my parents friends over.
Goodnight my loves!!!!!
Tomorrow at 3 Lagond Music Presents: The Armand Hirst Trio
Via , peep this article on brunches, some on-Grid, by in today's Nice piece, tho far from comprehensive.
I know. Can you hop on Skype right now just for text chat? I'm at work!
Hello Lauri, sorry for the delay in my response but I'm still new at this whole Twitter thing. Thanks for the RT!
I went the "other way." I still don't know if I got a ticket or a warning on Saturday but I DO know Tri-Met disturbed my neighbors.
Lololol this episode is awesome
I would like the rain to stop now.
If you don't vote!
I work for CBS Chicago, can we use your pick of Derrick Rose and credit you?
"You can't be a non- conformist unless you drink coffee. " South Park Goth Kid. Lol.
RT if you love you're fans! Follow me if you don't see this
u should just text me or something instead of getting on twitter.812-679-1479
Going out on a promising first date! She has nerd tendencies just like me! I'm excited.
We've already had people fall asleep in our chairs so you would feel right at home. :)
I watched the first 4 or 5 videos. Have to finish it. Seems like NLP stuff like Tony Robbins, etc.
. Would you be saying that if the #Orioles are still competitive at the deadline? I had trouble typing this with a straight face.
RT : Intellectuals solve problems geniuses prevent them.*
what station they be on! Lls
#t-mobile worst customer service ever. Customer care just literally lied to me. Get a life
Thanks, Scott! Hope you have an awesome day!
good morning
I just want to lay in bed, eat, & sleep
I want to go to India. I want to have a dot on my forehead.
what! Its my first time going...let's hope snake free!
hard R
Hows everything going?
If I could just have you alone 4 one night...
Hello, my loves, miss me. I've missed you all. CopperRose & Bone have been gearing up for the new year. Our new CD will be on Itune
Welcome Syracuse OL to Naples, FL...and to the PlayersRep family
You won't require verifying illegal workers you'll let into your own home, but you will require it in businesses? Seriously? WTF!
Miami Dolphins 2012 Draft: New Second-Round Targets After Day One
One day I won't want to sleep with a pillow, the next I'll want like 17 of them?
this isn't healthy.
It isn't enough to be active in your industry. You must innovate and think ahead of the competition to be successful
wow, donuts and Micky d's in one morning?
I'm gonna be so annoyed if there's a ton of freshmen at prom this year
Good things its almost 2012! We miss you :)
This RT : In honor of Dark Shadows coming out tomorrow I feel I should probably go see The Avengers again.
hi Ashley. So is the dot before the twitter name a dead function now? Seems that all my replies show up in all timelines.
Happy Friday beautiful Bridal boutiques!
I can't find your story :'(
re-viewed Hud for the first time in decades. Awesome.
“: According to the Mayans, this will be the last #SuperBowl so enjoy it.”
Had the craziest, realist nightmare! I had to call everyone to see if they were all right :(
Wednesday is a Happy Hour must! The rain may stop the patio from being open - but our drinks are still flowing!
Bon Iver is playing club tonight..Love for him to sing me to sleep.
#letemburn money straighter than a mother fuckin perm bitch!!!!!
I cant wait to get off work. I been yawning!!!
his name is Joseph (:
Everything gonna be alright...
I told her when she was 16 she was really pretty
This!! RT : I just can't get into lil wayne.
I know Meggy. If you want to crack a joke, then just directly crack a joke. <3 No hard feelings.
Thinking of ways I can organize my workspace a bit more this week. Maybe reorganize my drawers!
Swearing is a part of me =)) RT : swearing much ? =))
Hokey-smoke . Got big money & it ain't no joke. lmao
HA! RT : Thank you, potential LinkedIn contact, for including your press release with your invite. Made it so easy to click Ignore.
": It is cold outside"~ I would say chilly not cold. :P
Arrived at the office today to find my favorite work kitties nomming on a squirrel face.
I want a snack cake lol
Office Keurig, you are my new best friend.
Come to #RedJacksSaloon at 3PM to see ''Paper Flower', 'Girls of Daraja' & 'Left By The Ship' !!!
little late but no.
I know! part of me is damn what were you thinking, but then part is like YUS! I hate detroit!
at the late bar. No psychics.
Well, I wasn't planning on watching #GameofThrones tonight, but then I watched the first 5 mins. Liking the tweaks made to the text.
Lmao say "hit em from the behind ...NEVERMIND WHAT HER FACE LIKE " PRETTY MUCH
Thank You Elvis for taking Me Home!!!
i saw that! that's crazy!
Marlins Vs Mets ! Can't wait <U+26BE><U+26BE><U+26BE>
Dont know if U know but this is Artiz lol
It's kids all morning at the FFL! Join us for First Steps at 930, Kiddie Cafe at 10 and Terrific 2's & 3's at 1030! See you soon!
Lord of the Fish, The Fish Also Rises, A Tale of Two Fish. THIS ALBUM RECORDS ITSELF
does it really matter at this point?
Isn't that a parade? RT #OccupyPdx: for protest marches plz publicize route ahead of time to keep everyone safe & costs down
new word i learned from shark week: chunksicle.
I learned one thing today, an that was how to dismantle a stage. FUCK YEAH.
Working two jobs is not very easy, but it's Saturday and it's time to throw some of that cash around.
the necklace I bought at broke the second time I wore it :(
#Walk4Hearing was fabulous. Beautiful day at the Tidal Basin. Now to put our funds to work. #UMD has big plans, DM me to get involved!
Your Twitter is Private
love your co. bio. I believe 100% that's the space to create in.
leaving for holland on saturday.
Riding at hunter wit
Just bought our tickets for The Nutcracker--so excited!!
For the PS3. I am not as familiar with what's restricted on 360, but I imagine it's similar
you has 26.2 gallons of extra special in you
I don't care if people make fun of me because i wear my ICONic Boyz stuff but i know that they know they don't have SWAG:-)
that dress is gorgeous!!!
“I have lived through more great technical and scientific advances than had occurred in all the rest of recorded history”-LT
Morning folks!
I'm gunna be so burnt tomorrow haha. Going out to the lake today with
Happy Monday and Welcome:
ironically enough, only Wilson&Obama hve claimed 2b progressive while prez w/o watering the term w/ a suffix
sweet! i'll give you the link and tell you the process to join my #TeamLegna and hopefully b potential reader. Yes it's done
I feel sick i cant afford to be sick :(
haha nah you're family's cool:) and old.. Hahaha
I finally figured it out, this weed smells like bacon
apparently rubbing the affected parts on stainless steel before you try rinsing works.
I love books.
As long as you live how you want to live people will always talk about you. Live how you live regardless.
I'm a sucker for love <3
I love everything about Denver except the WiFi at the airport
Thank you for following Suburban Cowboys! FYI we are in Wisconsin on Oct 14th at Duke's Country Saloon in Kenosha!
That was a train wreck
I feel cold. I'm glad I did it, but I'll prolly start growing it again. I like how it looks though. How long have you grown
I didn't reply to the first hey, so sending it again is so gonna make me text back.
If their temples are any indication, I don't want to know what the Mason's secrets are.
it's everything I could've asked for in a job! So lucky to have everything I wanted in my first position. And coffee perks lol
Hi #PrintChat! Art Litho here for a short time tonight. Let's Roll!
I would also like to see your tax filings.
Thanks Mo. Will do. Hope something can get worked out.
#iffs11 hey fim fest orgamizers! Post and find jons here cool site
Thanks for the RT! :-)
Derby Time!!! Wish we were there again with our big hats!
Hey, at least it wasn't a leisure suit.
Thank you!
What an embarrassment I have become
yez call me back ..
Can you just get out of my timeline you are hella annoying!!!!!!!
We open at 4:30 on the weekends RT“: why aren't you delivering now (insert pouty face)”
since the middle of November : )
Thank you so much. You made my day.
Hey, Wendy, in case ur interested, 's got great programs lined up incl. J. Marquez, G. Arellano & L. Alcaraz
unplanned tweet coordination between me and *dimmy there. independently had to call you out
ha, i see those boobs did indeed make it into the roundup. nice.
Did I mention that this is one of those books that I am SO EXCITED to put on my shelf because it & its package are just SO LOVELY?
You forget about LSU! RT ": Man I forgot Lsu was playing today"
A friend? RT The majority of surveyed employees said THIS got them their current #job... Can u guess what THIS is?
haha spring break!!!!!!
follow me so we can plan ahead
Publishers "optimistic" about print business
Maaaaannn i need a back massage
Hunger Games just put a bunch of relatively unknowns on the Hollywood map. Will be entertaining to see how they each handle the success?
haha you're catching on
Sleeping in never looked so good.
Lol, okay. it's alright
are you a man? then you should be at man night tonight!
too much haggis maybe?
how the ankle? Gonna head down to the Portland mayday?
whoa, long time no talk!
So LeBron has gone 2-12 in recent late game shots and gets slandered...but Kobe goes 4-13 and gets loved...lemme guess-its the rings right?
#marc11 I'm hungry:(
Party rock is in the house tonight!! Everybody just have a good time!! Rümi lounge tonight!! 12730 NW Military Hwy San Antonio, TX 78231
Dear Marley, I LOVE YOU!<3 We're going to Phoenix together hopefully.(: I NEED TO MEET YOU SOMEDAY. k?(; Love, Tatsiana
Super excited about our first day at tomorrow!!! It's N's first day of... playgroup co-op!!! Milestone?
hii bud I'm using my twitter
Works for me!
#WrestleMania Seriously I just want to push the rock in a hole and leave him there :(
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA STEVEN!!!! We need to try everything Jared and savannah did!!!!!
How much $$ would it cost to replace an iPod touch screen? It has a crack & my home b. doesn't work.
thank you. :)
thanks for posting this vid Dudley, ur jmz and random vids are great they make us fans feel a part of the team!
Feels good to be home in Vegas
I hav a question for u
Chillin at the grandmas with cats and cherry pie. <3
and if we go to a mexican wedding there is probably a good chance Maria and Juan are getting married
my brother has recently showed me some of your videos and ngl you are one of the funniest people i've heard. :')
Kids came home and made me bake cookies for the teachers...seems one day of appreciation isn't enough at our school.
Tornado watch at #snwusa today added some excitement to the conference, Dallas
DJ Pauly D in the house!
RT : The gay marriage debate totally sidelined our issues: education,financial & foreign policies. Things that affect everyone
I'm enjoying #LDSConf and the words of modern-day prophets with current revelation from God.
Tomorrow we will be 301 Evelyn in MT. View Ca come down and check us out for lunch!
"URBAN MIXX I" COMPLETE, & IN THA WORDS OF "XAVIER THA FREAKIN RICAN", IT'S FIYA BABY!!!!!
00 quite a lot of money for a tank of ink containing 23ml of fluid
Trust me, they all adore you. No matter how rude you are to them.
RT : Greco: Capital vs Revenue. Capital is change. Revenue is routine. Investor vs Consumer. Do funders build or just buy?...
Kanye is serial how HOT! Love it! 1 for everyday of the week
Happy Happy Birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day and know that there are people who are very grateful you were born.
ew, I know.
Going to go see Cabin in the Woods tonight with a whole bunch of friends.
Congrats on winning the Melbourne #Poker Champs at | From all at
Good luck to the tonight! I'm so excited for the game
"We are looking for 30 beautiful women, such as you, for a photo shoot." Heard on nyc street. Not talking to me.
Consider it inspiration to name yours. Mines name? "Boston Swat Team Unit 362"
Hey little kid in your adorable pink jacket: I'm no kidnapper, but if I was, you would be the one.
Im sorry i didnt mean too hung up
Forget YOLO, Never Say Never is the motto~
you guys can battle for this column headline - "The Zig is Up" ..no? crickets...
Remember: typing in ALL CAPS and with lots of !!!!!!! will only make you appear smarter.
AAVG strong close looking for more tomorrow
: S/O for our new followers! and #follow them people! :-)
We're just working on getting things up and running on the web and Twitter for Team Shirlock. Stay tuned for big updates!
DBowe waited til 2 minutes left in the season to start playing.
Become a master Googler! Stop by our "Google for Academic Research" workshop on 9/8 from 4-5pm to learn the secrets of power-searching.
Lol shut up
Learn french......
Hunter Hayes!!!
Oh iight im tryna figure alot of shit out i need beats plus im bout to make a video need serious supporters nd management ":
A1: LinkedIn now offering tools for you connections to refer you for a job. They can send profile to recruiter.
wow, is trying to use a bunch of lousy gimmicks to force people to promote their new album. it's kind of depressing.
Wish the thunder played year round...i never know what to do with myself once the season and playoffs are over
“: #MentionTo your friend who wanna marry ” heheheh;) we both want to
These ppl snappin on the manager cause we dnt have no sides lol
Movie Night!
a bit of tweaking here and there to keep things "fresh". ;-)
twitter .. i love youu
Rippin bowls in the driveway on thanksgiving
Is your insurance agent doing everything they can to save you the most money every year? Probably not, but we do! Give us a call! 345-8757
I don't feel right texting her knowing she probably txting someone else cause I'm "boring and uninteresting" <U+E40E>
Work out time
I didn't like the interface and the limitations of it. I found other sites in the same field provided a better experience
Tip #153: Did you know the odds of flopping two pair is 49 to 1? Learn to fold your small blind more often.
Saw a dude today at school reppin golf wang, thats whats up
I love that face he puts throughout the whole video, just like in the car ride xD so cute lol
followed!!:D
#Medeco training class - 2nd question: What type of patent does the #Medeco3 design have, and when does it expire?
Just wanted to let you know, #Insurgent was totally available on the Kobo e-reader site to buy!! Reviews are already amazing!!
Awe thank you sweets! I love you too. Come see us tomorrow! (:
Jamming out to #highschoolmusical! YAY! I feel like an 8th grader again :D
I know you have almost #11millionfollowers but i'm sure #Someday you will follow me. Maybe today =) 36
I have 22 followers. Katy Perry has 16,000,000. It's a marathon, not a sprint.
Listening to XM Yankee games, Suzyn Waldman & John Sterling are the Jerry & Elaine of baseball.
OKL Could they be new west champ? Tomorrow I hope Miami Heat finish next sweep vs. NYK hopefully on their way to New NBA champs.
NO I can't She'll know like Bonnie wont say anything?? Does this mean Tyler's gone for good?
Thank you! :) RT : omg your version of this song is just amazing! wowow just love it! :) great job!
Beauty in things exists in the mind which contemplates them
Go Ryder!
Finally! I wonder how much of a discount we'll get for waiting over an hour?
CHICAGO STYLE HOT DOGS
What a great full moon and one of the last warm evenings of the year (maybe not). Love the
i got somethin for em'....might not be online all day but ima be on time wit dis one...GOIN GRAY PROJECT is in progress!!!
I love you , thought I'd let you know.
Insightful interview 2 nite with Music producer Jason Miles. Extended compositions exploring layers rhythmic & harmonic complexity. Best!
Gorgeous photo. I've always wanted to go there. Besides the gardens I understand they have quite the furniture collection.
you know how I know you're gay, cause you're not going camping across from a strip club like me, Back party FTW!!!!
My god! this Mega Millions craze is all over the news... even heard of a 'company pool' going on with That's a first.
haha, okay :)) and their really good!! :)
I need a vacation <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B4><U+2708><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+00A2>
Do you love your fans?? Can I get a shout out on the next show???
#handclap to facebook for changing that ugly blue play button
You WILL be taken care of after I get my degree :) yup.
Hey, you. You're perfect.
Sorry miss info 10 year old Tyreke Thompson will be performing at Sweet Auburn Festival starting today Friday May 7 thru Sunday May 9, 2010
What we had could have been what your looking for
sign up for our newsletter on our website.
Thanks , I'll look out for it.
So, what IS your Favorite Desert Island Album?
Night guys!!! See you Saturday. Can't wait!
Ditto RT : Feeling amazing right now
Had a dram last night that tweeted me for my number, so I give him it and I thought he phoned me but I was actually my alarm:(
I think soulja boy think he is a gangster NOW .
alright nicki ill save it to my DVR to watch it over and over again
-singing to the (Give Clean Water) choir-See PBS piece on how clean water kept diseases at bay in Port-au-Prince...
COCO LOUNGE TONIGHT FOLKS!!! SOMEBODY WAS SAYING DJ CITI GET'S THAT SH!T CRUNK!! OH IT'S TRUE!!! LET'S GO
We need lots of help :-) Goodnight
BABY BALLS IN MY FACE
i am too but i blare tht shit
you, too!
#ABAto5k day! Looking forward to it. Proud of our team
Stoked about Hog tour with Village Cork and The Corner Office! We're serving up Pig Head Terrine and Braised Pork Cheeks !
Man. You and me both. I've stopped trying to fix people and am trying to learn to put myself first.
Check out this dermal anchor projekt bilateral behind ears done by AbeScrazy on 4/12/2010
L.A. has to stop them from running like they did the first game. Easier said then done with Ty "The Blur" Law
Sounds like fun!
Will this weekend (4th of July weekend) bring Damon Evans independence?
Nite twitts , checking out for this evening Happy Halloween !
Currently we are still waiting on receiving our inventory from our printing company. We will have more info coming this week!
well i'm not going to watch that.
Her body collapsed wearily against the cool damp earth and began to feel the effects of the fight that had ravaged it.
If I was your boyfriend, I'd never let you go. I can take you places you ain't never been before. Baby, take a chance or you'll never ever k
at Alpine and at Tinley Park this summer?!? No need for Bonnaroo, music needs will be met thanks to !
Watched 'the Dark Knight' at school today:)
I think you are way off on this..he made no attempt at the bag and was very late in sliding. Another bad call by the ump.
Be a fan on Facebook, Search for Punjab Indian Restaurant San Diego, CA and HIT LIKE!!
yes! I think people fall to quick. Take life slow if you move to fast something important is liable to pass you on by.
crazy! I paint my nails that color too!
Complete chaos!
you Look very beautiful Jenna ;)
Just reviewed proofs of a new Walek ad. Creating copy is like writing press releases, only shorter.
Thanks. Sports and politics are the fields of my expertise, and bizarrely similar in ways that reveal themselves every day.
My dad doesn't even know how to spell my sister's name!
come to the states for fuck sakes.
Well its not gonna make itself
pics or it didn't happen ;) Xx have fun!
Just got scolded by my 4yr old daughter for not re-stocking the bathrm w toilet paper....(sigh...)
I still love you bae <3!
Flying west from Dhaka to the US has resulted in 27+ hours of continuous flights and layovers. Down to the final 4.5 hrs to home!
have a great weekend.
Watching Naruto in Japanese. The action is on point!
Thanks for the tweet :)
get them at united wisconsin .com
I miss three putts today...cost me the match!
oh which one? is it natural? i keep playing with the idea of making my own
I wrote a movie called "Foreskin: Director's Cut" and for some reason it hasn't been bought by any studios yet
Happy Saturday everyone!
Oh niacin burn. Will you ware off so I can go on my run?
Come on baby dont be afraid. If it wasn't for date-rape I'd never get laid.
You come to these shows to get laid motherfucker! - Man, I love those boys.
21 Jump Street as a movie? Really!?! You bet they need some writers out in Hollywood! What's next Leave It To Beaver?
luckyy I have to go for 35 min so pretty much no school :P
is it a brand new Laundry Day?!
We signed up our second Pastor this week.....Who knew that our spiritual guides need a Coworking space too??
Do you know someone I can help with my great services? Thank you for taking your time to check us out.
it's just the hair ;)
Grateful to have the wonderful people of LG in the spa all weekend.
Sitting in the Shanty in Tucson drinking good beer with good friends
- good luck!
Today's the day. Go out and make the most of it!
the 1962 album was the best
Something tells me Larry Fitzgerald will mentor Michael Floyd a little better than Brett Favre helped out Aaron Rodgers
“Start a huge, foolish project, like Noah…" ~ Rumi
sweetness can't wait saw the commercials for it uber excited :)
Certainly, SF run game and defense will give them a strong advantage is they had to go into the frozen tundra
Louis Tomlinson....is mine. (:
Thanks for visiting our #LIS586 class!
Great show thanks for coming to Spokane :)!!!
Cator: Metaphor of "Stone Soup" People need to see themselves in any funded ed tech project
...I know, right! Thanks.
People still know about Howard stern?
who criticizing u tho
Oh yeah Like bosses. :D
get well soon :):) just don't do anything crazy Lol ;P
What? Who? What's the prognosis? I will be w/o wifi and worrying for the next 6 hours
Yonny Guaneme () If you do not enjoy what you are doing, you will never be good at it.
yes I don't expect serious run from but 2 b in playoffs n show progression since trade would be nice. Next year 6 seed
keep going hard my nigga you gone get dere.. shit im trinna get where u at so u aint doing to bad/get it in this year stardat
Well, no MSG, but It turns out I have the NHL Network?...Another reason why the Winter Classic is their best marketing opp of the year
"Aaron Gray" makes an ideal X-Men name.
well, how long CAN you stay? I don't think there is a too long in #sugarpeep opinion.
If you haven't already, follow 's new campaign twitter account Much good stuff to come!
I already do mayne!
Bravo you guys, S3 was outstanding; deliciously unpredictable w gripping, character-driven storytelling. Can't wait for S4.
I didn't like the tumblr gallery layout, so that was the only way I could get the photos to fit the way I wanted :)
Ok done! RT : HURRY ! First 5O people to Follow will get a Shoutout to over 7O.O+ Followers !
Watch ATL's International Breakdance Competition on Comcast On Demand Channel 1
That's an option, but judging by your POV, you're probably into more productive pursuits.
RT : I will write what makes me smile, what makes my heart flutter, what keeps me up at night with ideas, characters,...
Wish there'd be more people playing fantasy golf. We need a equivalent for golf! Love fantasy focus football podcast!
well you must be asking the wrong people. That does sound delightful. Especially the Starbucks!
Dude, it was on the news. All outlets. Walker met with Chisholm. cc
I need just like 4 more hours in my day. I'm going set my clock back to noon. That's how that works right. Thought so.
Still Waiting On The Beats I Need At Least Two Hit Me Back Im Tryna Make Moves -BAM!!!!
I find it humorous that the woman wearing the surgical mask at starbucks is the same one stuffing her face with caramel frappuccino at t ...
I just saw Michael McDonalds and the Roots play a set together. Light rail is cool and all but you lose tonight Portland.
if my friend does a cover of a song...what song shud she sing????
coming to see you tomorrow. I have your cupcakes. Just be sure to save me one. Haha. See you tomorrow. Love you <3
on another note, want to meet up for coffee? Just to connect.
Clickbank Case Study - How to make a 100$ Online per day without Adwords?
he do
Not much time left to get 20% off at the Sports Basement snow sale
wut if I have a break down and start crying during Istep?
Campus is closing now and all day tomorrow for the snow.
Starting now: IF any TV asshole wants to use the word socialism they must first give the proper definition & use it in a realistic sentence
If you're a fan of good music and good people, I suggest you follow my friend and wonderful musician Remember his name! ;)
William! William! William! #DWTS U can't beat those #Latino moves baby! We sexy as hell! And can move our hips like NO others! ;-)
heyy(; how was your day today?
LOL sup guys its the OWNER(: i see Helen is on<3
get the phone in white =]
Love and be loved, respect and be respected, give to others who need it, pray for your tomorrow, and most of all, believe in your tomorrow
Need's plans todayy cause i'm off workk.<3
#shoutout done bro :)
coming to the !!! See you in July!!
be here in 2
also, tell your husband to stop being an ass on Facebook.
huge CeeLo Fan Luv the showman!
Great to meet you today! Let's talk soon... after I buy my GoPro camera thingy :) (Leonard)
I'm headed up toward Annandale to check out these storms. Tell me want you see by using
#winter travel cities
Watching & doing my daughter's airway clearance techniques. Inspiring stories of #Fate Be a #OrganDonor people!
these are cute can I have them
ok, sounds good. Ur going to that career day thing on saturday right?
Thanks for the mentions & thanks for visiting our booth yesterday at #CPSHOW!
Social media packages for independent artist F.A.M.E inc will get the real followers you need no fake numbers
Time to celebrate.
Wishing you had that 25th hour in a day? Let us take the planning off your plate & get you exactly what you need for your accommodations!
Said I'm so sick of love songs, so tired of tears. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AA>
A daughter is a treasure - and a cause of sleeplessness.
I ball hard all year ,
New Years dinner w Alanna, David and Ben... SEAFOOD... RUSH playing live! Nice!
Ohh my lawd, I do believe that seeing all this flesh is giving me da vapors
Saying thank you today to our supporters!
I think its funny how whenever I ask russel what he's listening to he changes it to eminem so he can look hard lol
WOW, this chick is Fucking gorgeous!!!!!!!
stay positive!
LOL! I'll be watching the V Diaries too.
I want to go plzzzzzzzzz
I am trying to see who I am connected to on linkedIn that I don't follow on twitter.
The time is near at hand which must determine whether Americans are to be free men or slaves - George Washington
Oh my god I'm always so fucking hungry.
lol. Omg. Maybe :p
Loving my caddy. Makes my desk look like a table at a Mexican or BBQ restaurant AND just kicked up my hard-boiled eggs a notch.
Amazing stats: IE usage on site is 19.51%, below both Chrome and FF. IE 6 is 0.13% of traffic! The future is here.
Andre Miller was doing his JaVale McGee impression.
Way to build 's reputation :)
Ha, ur one to talk!
Just when you thought letterpress was expensive, the postage gets ya.
I'm not seeing what the issue is. We decided u should come out. Therefore.....
Twitterview me this Thurs. Details to come.
I like sea shells
The Romo & Garrard topic came up in the shop between 2 of the barbers. One is a Cowboys fan, the other is a Jaguars fan.
just woke up , now time for the gym
What's up!
As one non-math nerd to all the rest of you: Happy Pi Day! May all your pi be squared into, oh, a nice chocolate cream.
“: Write it about the dangers of auto-correct!” Sweet! I like that!!
Always the French Apple (or Lemon Meringue if it's around).
I want sleep
Lol i would too. RT : literally just started to cry when walked by me. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
Dudes That Ratchet To The Fullest Ended Version Everyday And On A Date. Mofo Thats A #Turn Off Boo Boo!
Don't leave me tounge tied, lets stay up all night. we'll get real high,slumber party,pillow fight. <3 Grouplove
Tonight's event has been sadly postponed. If you were coming, please check your emails soon for rescheduling information.
Bush Industries 2910MCA203 L-Shaped Desk, 72 in.x72 in.x30 in ...
RT After Effects CS6 announced! Built-In 3D Camera Tracker, 3D Text extrusion & Performance Caching.
I'm getting a new phone this week. I can't take my phone anymore.
thanks for the follow
Got my tickets for #Avengers this weekend!!!
Thanks for the follow!
Hey, never said typing on an iPhone was my forte :-) Congrats!!!
Kurt Cobain killed himself one month after Justin Bieber was born.. He knew.
Thanks for following but I have to confess I HATE LED LIGHTS! UGH! Sorry.
I see you get excited about scoring titles, us Laker fans get excited about world titles. Lol
Our two leads roles on #Knock have been selected! Waiting to hear confirmation back from the actors. #fingerscrossed #indiefilm -JO
Kobe about to lose 150 M's
“: What does #OklahomaSt have to do tonight to prove they deserve to be in #BCS championship?” win. Schedule vs Bama much stronger
PLEASE FOLLOW ME!
WOAHHH!! I wasn't invited & I live in PA! :(
They sleeping on me..fuck it, put your pajamas on.
Blink 182! Such a brilliant band! <3
Anita Shah on The Apprentice 2012, episode three: No one likes a whinger: Anita Shah, contestant on The Apprenti..
Oh, on the people I love I also love Megan fox
Pulled a crewneck out the archives
you gotta see the setup though. It's not like last year or the year before. Trust me, you'll like it
I like my logic better
Thanx to Austin Mahone for his wonderful inspiration on singing i am now on youtube doing what i love singing thank you Austin Mahone :)
ugh i hate morning
Let's hope my car doesn't get hit again today while parked, at least i'm getting tattooed later, something to look forward to
Can't wait for Jessica and Holly to get here!! We are going to have so much fun!
Via October is Funding for the Arts Month! #FCArts #Arts - good reminder to support your local arts and artists!
thats a bet, i'll let u know
Don't know her religion. Ethnicity-wise, she's African-PanEmian, I believe. RT Important Hunger Games question: Is Rue Jewish?
Seriously right now?
There isn't a percentage but there's a little icon in the top-right part of the screen that shows how much is left.
i hate homework.. whats the point of it??
Airport coffee w/ college pal blogger ChuckSigars.com Monday. And his daughter who is also my pal. And her fiance from SFe! Wedding bells!
That doesn't change the fact that it was a lot less expensive than they said it would be.
Sure, next time you're in Ohio would you like to go out?
I am currently reading the Spielberg interview from the new issue of EW and it is a really good study guide for the final!
DC: Attended a fund raiser, 4900 14th st nw, for mayor elect GRAY; hosted by ward 4 council Bowser. It has already started! oh my!
and know i'm so confused.
#mustlearn not the wireframing tools as much as interaction design principles :)
"Between the idea and the reality falls the shadow." So, does that mean government spin is the shadow?
is this your team and whats the team name!
Sports dilemma, everything is on at 1 PM tomorrow! NHL Winter Classic, my beloved sad Wolverines, then the MSU game. What's a girl to do?
I love how many people are purchasing #giftcertificates for yoga for their loved ones!
you're welcome :-) x+1
OMFG that turkey is gone be off tha chain
#WhatHurtsTheMost doing any and everything to make it big in the world but no matter what u keep coming up short
i'm sad for you. so sad. misguided fan.
what time is it where u are?
Tim Morton on the nonhumans that make our world: "Whose midst is it anyway."
RT : CORRECTION: the meeting is in the Lehman Auditorium
*looks at the clock every now and then. Drums my fingers on the table impatiently*
Fl. State. U have got to be kidding me...
oh I thought they knew already but apparently not cuz there are sum who seem to wanna play w/me...
do you live here in Allen?
when are you going to get it? I want to get the one on my left arm fixed. But I bet your skull is gong to be beautiful!!!
Know that a little bleeding while flossing can increase risk of pre-term or low birth weight babies? www.closys.com/research.html
so true!
20 mins till I'm Nashville bound for the OVC. 5 amazing days in Music City USA
me too
Going to DMV was fun today....
bronze with Particular Emphasis » Bernadett&#39;s Social Blog ...
You are an inspiration. Wish I could bookmark & take a photo of everything you say & do :-)
this morning's theme song? Tom Petty & the Heartbreakers: Breakdown
Is a pita a sandwich or a wrap?
Hey mama!!! I am MIAMI BOUND as of 4:30 tomorrow morning! Wooohooo!
Judging by the #SAGAFTRA reps at this press conference, we should merge with the H/MU unions.
I'd love links to twitters, blogs, articles, whatever on libraries & DH!
I am always happy to help in tie selection. You know my thoughts on them :)
when are you coming
for I have slain a man to my wounding, and a young man to my hurt.
TF! Chi Town! Digging Ask! Thx 4 the follow! We hope u have a chance 2 dig u some Secret Skwirl! Best & Success!
RT : We have great happy hour specials until 6PM Milwaukee! Enjoy this great weather with a nice beer here at Mo's!
No, I didn't. There were books? Now I have to get these.
Spencer Hawes and C.J. Watson making huge plays in a close playoff game... Just as everyone predicted
my Mexican child!!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Thanks to nasty east-coast weather arrvd in Barrington very late and feeling beset by some horrible virus. Experimenting w/ whiskey cure
Things happen that are as questions, spends a minute or years, and then life says
His cool ass chick from the west side
On our way to Austin. If anyone has any hookups on people giving away free shoes hit us up for real.
HAHA no, cunt, no one cares what you do. So how about instead of crying, you do everyone a favor and shut the fuck up.
8 days in and the bullpen's already burned. Rolen and Stubbs are 7 for 57 (0.123). Not good.
LOL, literally just got back from Chi 10 mins ago!! #GetItInGirl!! RT : In chi town!!! Time to get silly!
Not much! Just fill out the application on our page and submit it :)
My weird ass dog fancies herself a squirrel hunter. She thinks putting 2 paws on the tree it's in counts as a win. SMH
teacher; "k class introduce yourselves" One Boy: "My name is Josh and I failed math cause im bad at it. They're giving me it again. idiots.
Just tried to comment on my own Blogger post but could not because I was in Chrome
Haha, oh our mother's voices. They tell us much. Mine says that it's important that everyone likes me. Which is, um, impossible
Hope your holiday season is fun and festive.
Starting "Building Digital Libraries" course today. Soon I can tweet about computer projects like all the cool kids
i think it depends entirely upon how much of this person's money you've taken.
I refuse to wear saggy pants. RT : Maybe more like hip-hop stars.
#wiunion The GOP will experience sweet tears, and wake-up, when Christ comes down form above to All. #Barrett4WI is #FORWARD and graceful.
#boyfriend #1 everywhere? Favorite song on replay! love you, now to get noticed follow?X28
thanks! U guys rock!
It's national meatball day! awesome specials: has all-you-can-eat meatballs for $25 and has $2 meatballs!
First gay club experience. hella buzzed
Protect your children. Every year more than 14 million children are accidentally hurt seriously enough to require medical attention.
Finally got rid of my NY phone number & my Blackberry. Hollaaaa ;-)
one of my biggest rolemodels love you taylor!143<3
If You Have Put In The Effort To Be In A Relationship. Why Put In Effort To Cheat ??
For Mardi Gras, try the most authentic hurricane you'll find this side of 1955. $10 for 23 ounces of rum goodness!
and Thanks for following :)
do you have a weird urge to start licking faces or hump pillows?
This isnt gonna be easy....
Are you going to be at the Fan Celebration at Peavy Plaza 11 am before the game? I might stop by since I work at the Dome.
I misses you too <\3
Tis the season.
hello, awesome!!!
I'm like so bored right now
When my mom cares more about that girl on American Idol then me -.- LOL
Over the course of my life I've done many things 5 days in a row, but jogging a mile was NEVER one of them, until this morning.
please follow me i am from ARGENTINA <3
Thnx to My personal dufus screwed up. At 2nd & Lafayette TODAY! Pls come eat!
I wonder if im touching money that someone famous has touched.....
Where within some Shield Agent with digestive issues was firing off his own brand of missiles. Zing!
ooh, good call!
Car crash with injuries at East Pacific Drive and Peoria Street.
Bouts to get a new tatt pretty soon!
Does trading Marshall take the Dolphins out of the Manning race, or does it clear up room to sign Peyton and his buddies..Wayne, Clark, etc.
Enjoying the & event. Hope to see you , where are you?! :)
I think twitter is the only place you can "lurk".
phone lines are open! call us with your local request! 585-222-buzz
Pro--upgraded to 1st class. Con--so was the crying baby. Luckily, the baby fell asleep. Hope I can wind down & do the same.
DM me, I might be able to build you one.
Maria and her boy toy
Well how is your twitter game today??
Thanks for the great content! Have a wonderful weekend!
RT : I dont see myself getting married.
um where??
we will have to plan something
Piggy back rides from and when I can't walk to the locker room after practice. Thanks guys.
aw man..lol
chilling with the fam
Nobody cares about your pregnancy omfg i just want my boyz
Girls night out
Thinking about leaving you alone...
it's not monday ass hole:/
Eenie mini miny mo catch a tiger
I hope everyone is enjoying their day off!! Happy Labor Day!!!!!
Happy Mother's Day to all of you momma's out there!
WAIT I WASNT DONE TWITTER SO FUCKING EXCITED
So nice that you do RTs and mentions
": Kobe is still the best closer in the NBA. No question. #GOLAKERS" Alot people would disagree, but I agree with your statement.
hahaha. Not sure if he gonna make it.
#happymothersday to the best mom a girl could ever ask for! Love you mama <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><U+2764>
It's 2 hot man I ain't trynna get darker
I keep seeing ads to see Steve Martin play with his bluegrass band. No thanks. Also not into Chevy Chase doing interpretive dance.
Thank you for the RT! We look forward to seeing you in just a few months!
giving a Tech Flex session on Twitter and Skype :)
EWWW! The B.O. was bad enough!! Haha! Glad you made it out alive!
“: Peter Konz to Falcons! Good Luck to you Konzy!”
Did you know... That virtually all of the tea produced in Japan is Green Tea?
well she was conservative for the south Korea shows so I'm sure it will be more provacotive. Also we couldn't get a final..
S/O Exclusive Mag doing big things CitiTeam Boston /LA
mines too !she's the only one with common sense !(:
It's really ridiculous.
Imma fall in the floor crying. Like seriously. I can't believe you're gonna embarass me in front of my crush!:(
Taking break from work and getting a much needed massage.
Interactivity/connectivity is remarkable for distance learning. This allows you to connect with students across the globe...
lol who are you?
yeah Hahah:p
wow!! How much did phoenix pay you off! Smith should of got an Oscar for his acting job! You sir got it WRONG!!
A lot to update you all about since I have been "away". I'm proud to announce that my son Graduated on Sunday, May 6th!
To err is human. To blame it on somebody else shows management potential.
Eew that was rude. I just checked myself.
Can't wait to see Chimpanzees and Edgar Allen Poe films
Hahaha only the person that hates on you for your One Direction posts..
Gus asks "What is this email about blue and red? This is a good thing they're doing. Who sent it to me?"
Nxt show for 2MX2 & DJ R Skwared is Thursday 4 the Cinco de Mayo celebration for UCD, Metro & CCD at auraria campus along w Ray Ray
Looking at a word for a long time and thinking it's spelled wrong.
Was one recommended? A tweeter asked me after I RT this?!
another gorgeous day, not a cloud in the sky. looks like spring has sprung. Happy Friday!
18 credit hours next semester. I can do it!
"Let Love Rule" --will do! Have a fantastic tour! Love On!
I love how I feel after working out
I need you in my life
not that much, you!
I can see why.Haha.(:
Headed back to Detroit from Grand Rapids. I've been on the road too much this month.
bay changed his mind about goin out now im fina just sit back n wait til he change his mind again i know its coming
I like the gallery of TORMENTED MEN at the end of this!
I am pretty sure that if you added up my security deposits I would have a down payment for a house. Too bad I can't commit.
just followed ^.^
S/O to the retards wearing socks and sandals. Must be hard getting dressed in the dark
Contact Ahimsa House and find out how you can support their awesome work!
Nothing like some Jodeci
I wish the world would listen to a little more _________ ? (RT with your answer!)
no i didnt see it
funny cus desmond even said he sees how I was sticking up for a friend. And now we just don't talk easy as that.
Love the wind! It's like New England fall in the Los Angeles spring.
Class of 2012. Drink to that.
interesting? I wonder where he goes from here?
co signed my car, my sister's house, and paid the bank when we almost lost the farm.
#annconf great to spend a few days back in LA, and the conversation has been great. I'm off to the airport and back to Ann Arbor!
Just acted in a pilot for a TV show called Slum Lords guess who I played Check out my site www.primalcine.com for nobudget film and more!
Selecting Michael Fassbad to play Mr. Rochester (Jane Eyre) is not fitting with his character... Fassbad is too attractive.
Metta starts with self.
your "extra baggage" fees hard at work....
FINISH STRONG!
I think I'd like to use that description once every day. There's always an eye harvesting demon personality about.
Life shouldn't hurt life shouldn't be painful life shouldn't be cruel then why do these things happen
Cards baby!
I want to somehow put name in my username but I don't want to be some obsessed groupie trying to get his attention... =l
Finally back to a little classical composing today! This concert band piece needs a name though...
Off to my parents house to see the fam!
Cole how old are you
no but seriously. you should of saw me doing it. actually you shouldn't of. a little embarrassing.
I heard your song this morning an I'm going to ask a DJ this weekend to play it. So pumped!!
Rebecca Joy Showerman and I are excited to visit the new Market Basket opening around the corner from us today. Does that make us old?
I want to!! Gotta wait for the DVD unless I get lucky and catch it in a second string theater.
why YOU so secsayy doe? :o
My body and I need to have a talk because this going to bed early and waking at 130 is weak.
my favorite songs off of pioneer are identify and misery
Interviewed for Country Sunshine Radio. Article published in the Adams County Free Press. "CCFA residency brings focus to Wisconsin painter"
GREAT POST. You always bring it to the table!
Inspiration! I am a very happy writer today.
Amazon says it will offer Samsung Droid Charge 4G, HTC Thunderbolt 4G, and LG Revolution 4G starting at one cent with service this weekend.
I love you!!!
Ride your brakes one more time, whore, my Ford is going up your gay little Chevy's ass.
Good morning, Got 1 hr of writing out the way finally. Trying to shake this writer's block. Now 1 hr of reading trying to hone this craft
Imma stack my cheese and imma sell my p's
Sometimes I feel down... But then I see a guy bumping Warren G in a Walmart parking lot at midnight and feel so much better about myself
It's really sad that I have to block time on my calendar to manscape. It's getting unruly.....
Its raining!!!! Finally!! :0 #beast!
That's awesome! The We Vibe was used in the first shoot with Estella & Christoph. The Episode goes up in a few weeks. :-)
Could downtown hoteliers form a BID & then assess themselves the proposed rate increase to fund Convention Center?
Does Blackadder peat reek count as an indy brand? Just opened a bottle yesterday and loving it.
RT New details of Facebook's Instagram deal emerge: It paid just $300 million in cash and 23 million in Facebook shares.
ahh steph i loue you! Thats actually a song that i used! I cry every time i hear it though
I told you! Aha, I warned you girl, now you got my sickness.
That's good to hear! Everything is good my way..no complaints!
Note to self: NIN's Closer may not be the best song to play when picking kids up at school. Hm...
Its a beautiful Denver!! What are your plans for today...
Congratulations to our March "GERMS of the Month"...Sophie Clark and Nathalie Lawyer. Thank you for all you do!
Amen! “: Intention equals nothing. ACTION equals everything.”
Nope. Talked AGT, Bubba's divorce, & other stuff. We're not too heavy on AGT w/ Bubba.
if you need some tea, I have some in my desk-your throat sounds like it hurts :(
you're so romantic and inspirational at the same time. p.s. i miss you
#KARMA Just sit back and wait. Those who hurt you will eventually screw up themselves and if you are lucky, God will let you watch!
Excited for Season 4 :) RT if your Excited -A
Thus saith the tired museum employee, already running on Halloween candy and fumes.
no you bought it so i didn't take it haha it was quite halarious
Coming trends -- red and lower gas tanks. Neither of my fav but getting comfortable with ea. Both can be interesting.
thank you :) but you are too!!! That picture is flawless :)
TrendSeeder - give emerging #designers a space to showcase their designs.
Dont forget there are no games tonight. Get your teams together for suicides, kicking practice, or partying.
Come hear the CU Handbells at tomorrow's 8am service at Trinity Lutheran in Hillsboro. Rev. Jim Pressnell will preach.
Checking out DC
When Is It !?
Had a great night recording. Our bass players mom makes some great brownies!
BRUH SOMEBODY SAID ON THE INTERNET.......I CANT GO TO HELL SATAN STILL GOT THAT RESTRAINING ORDER AGAINST ME........SMMFH
sorry to bother you some more dude but is my shit still out on the porch? i'm gonna have my sister come and grab it today.
rock it.
You'll fall more at the start but pick it up more quickly....
Had a nice meeting with the Nazareth College Archives Committee today!
Even though money don't make me and hoez can't brake me I still gotta grind fa dat doe...
What the hell Mike Brown waiving at Scott Brooks for?
The key to all mnemonic techniques? Converting difficult to remember things into memorably vivid images.
Holy god lsac, they're SCANTRONS. post my score already.
so played out...“: Dear One Direction, If Selena Gomez calls you her "little brothers" you run. You hear me? YOU FREAKING RUN!”
Beachbody has so many exciting new workout programs coming out. I just can't keep up. I love it!
You know I didn't mean what I've just said
Thanks for the RT. Much appreciated.
i feel like it is earlier - good luck!
Head's up backstage, ! Your request is next!
Saw 127 Hours last night, what a great movie.
Like Lady Gaga I was born this way.
Is this about me?
Mariano Rivera has an awesome outlook on life! Spritely fellow
lol i dont know if i will be!
The aerobic sport beats sitting still for 3 hours...LOL
Doing fantastic! How about yourself?
Congrats to you and your daughter. Many blessings going forward.
Come to my room.
when you and your friend favorite each other tweets cause you are both losers..
Day long training and no coffee has been provided! Not cool...
Samsung vibrant oh yeah
I just want God to get all the glory!
just shoot me a text and i'll come!
Fall seven times, stand up eight.
Dwight's back on "Real Housewives"!!! But he's been reduced to planning parties for 1-year-old's
Death Valley used as stand-in for Martian landscape
thank you for the #ff !!
Love is the flower you've got to let grow
Like us on facebook
I went to first period i should've skipped
Nothing wrong with more sex, unless it gets in the way of the story. Nothing wrong with bards, either.
Welp I need to shower and do homework and clean and ya.
Jackson is one of those slimy guys that shoved kids in their lockers in high school.
oh! And Zach Morris, so I can borrow his phone.
Messing around with mySQL is making me depressed. I've forgotten the tiny bit that i once knew!
How much longer would I have to wait?
Blessed is the season which engages the whole world in a conspiracy of love! ~ Hamilton Wright Mabie
Today was okay but yesterday was #BEAUTIFUL and warm
There's a lot of Why's
Thanks Katie, now I'm drooling. Love the idea of Spaghetti a la Caputo. Cracks me up every time I read it!
I may have to be dragged kicking and screaming back to work tomorrow. Hope is up for the task, or not.
Fela on 's All Songs 24/7 channel! Yeah channeling what I've learned from and !
says better metadata integration/migration/flow=easier access/preservation for
They really are!
#Hosana in the highest!
In Tradition, red eggs for Pascha (Easter) in Orthodox signify the blood of Christ; the cracking of the shell, the opening of the tomb.
On the plus side, the also ordered Arrow (as in Green) for a series.
Thank you for following . Be sure to check out our all new website debut on Feb. 5 at www.ruactinginla.com
always promoting the best of the best.. our prices are low but the quality of the service is high..
Working at the polls today during the California primary. If there is voting today where you live, be sure to get out and VOTE!
Well I guess that's it for me reading regularly. The main reason I used their site was for the network page.
Fact! RT Ladies love country boys.
Over the game my knicks r gonna win blahblahblah.....watching my best friends wedding one of my faves! Love me some cameron diaz meow!
808s and heartbreaks good ass album
#MA-MA-MARRY THE NIGHT o yeha!!!!
BofA planning more job cuts: WSJ
heyy guys ! <3 what's your favorite colors ? I'm making you guys something special(':
Cannot WAIT to tear up NOLA this weekend with my boo !!!
Only one more month
Do you leverage Personality Marketing to grow your business?
Sure you are right.
Damn G-Love!! Looks peaceful!!
Watching celebrity ghost stories before bed.... I'm stupid and terrified now
Who's the grease-ball sitting next to Pippen?
ha ha I was like??? AKWARD!
Missy Franklin, Tryone Braxton, Ed McCaffrey, Rich Karlis, Billy Thompson, Alfred Williams and David Treadwell are all confirmed guests!!!
#WeWontWork if you can't handle your bussiness and take care of your responsibilites
I almost called him at 5 AM with a lecture, but I remembered we go to the same Dr and he supports a #Vegan diet :)
Saturday 4/28 come help us build Cleveland Elem.'s edible #garden in #Shaw! 10-1, snacks provided.
Wine, cheese, snacks & good-for-the-earth handbags! Trunk Show tom, Thurs, 6-9pm.
#SUMMERFEST? Pretty please?
I'm not very good at hiding my irritation so when she asks me the same dumb questions over and over I'm sure my facial expressions
Thanks to for joining today to talk all things
My mom came home about 2 weeks ago and was like "I heard The Wanted on the radio..I agree..They are total jerks." hahahahahahha
#FF Yeah-Follow Friends! Have a great FRI!
I LOVE Starburst jellybeans!
I was biking around today, too! Trying to earn the 4sq Velocipede badge? :)
Thank you!!
Teacher Tuesday! All teachers past or present get happy hour all night long. Thank you teachers! Enjoy New wines on the glass menu too.
Or Wikipedia adds = expert.
Ok so I guess it's bed time... the longer I stay up, the more pissed off I get!!
Security is a superstition--it does not exist in nature. Avoiding danger is no safer in the long run than outright exposure. – Helen Keller
#YouProbablyShouldnt Leave Hard core Porn on your 12 year old sisters laptop......
In hour 22 of simmering bone broth and it is smelling savory as all hell up in this place.
yo. you still among the living?
Lucius Annaeus Seneca~ No man enjoys the true taste of life but he who is ready and willing to quit it.
“: hahaha Ohmygod I love your eyebrows..(:” hahaha. Well thank you. I've never heard that before:p
#WinonaRydermarathon. Christian Slater is also pretty cool in Heathers. Also in True Romance.
My little homie gave me his iPad to put music on it...considering telling him it's broken and I should hang on to it..you know in case
What a BLAST!!!
The fact that I'm bouncing off the wall hyper and I haven't drank my coffe yet >>>>> !!! #whoopwhoop !
I just wanted to say hi. That's all I have to say for now.
Usually I run from Shaw down to Dupont circle area and back.. but I try to mix it up to keep it interesting. You?
I think you should! you'd have something really interesting to report!
didnt you just regale me about telling the truth?
Labor Law Tips: Always provide applicants & candidates for advancement w a written job description
Tonight's episode was easily the best episode of Season 4. Mythology centric episode delivered and heavily Philip Dickian inspired.
Jerry one upped himself. Hells Bells played and Trevor Hoffman walked in.
" by Chloe...fuck you megan" ( to megan as car drives away) "FUCK YOU TOO BITCH" . (MEGAN MARROW)
God i love the hawks! But i cant wait for baseball
whoa ( black rob voice )
#shoutout to our first client
I spy as a shoe guy in this SATC episode.
Lick it, Kiss it, Love it, Don't spit it.
Just sneezed in the library. No one blessed me. I'm gonna die.
Well, I gained like 20 followers sense yesterday and I'm guessing from my tweets. They're GENIUS!!
and pizza doesn't count as a vegetable!
BTW, if you get in, you have to move to SF...
Heading to Mercado's for sushi.....
Thank you and !
Let's start making a wishlist. :)
Rick Perry and Mitt Romney have an awkward argument while never losing their perma-grins: Drink 6.
Saturday's moon will be the biggest of the year! How does a late night Subway picnic sound?
I need more Adele in my life don't know her well
My super cool boyfriend bought me tickets for in San Jose! Love him!
Eastday-Financial Times publishes article written by Chinese vice premier
turkey ranch and swiss!
We're entering an interesting stage: #4profit institutions can cause others to pay attn to #elearning more than ever before. -Mulgrew
Back from a relaxing vacation, now Im ready to not deal with anyone & their BS :)
Double Draw #Blackjack in trial at Side bet rules are too complicated for ME, let alone a regular (drunk) rank-and-file player!
Mw3 great game,graphics and not like the crappy black ops!!!
Looking forward to spending some time in SF before the new year.
drinking the juice has helped my skin too!
Tomorrow, the Supreme Court will hear arguments over AZ's controversial immigration law.Txt REPEAL+your name to 62571
at least you aren't sitting on Tarmac for an hour like me.
As a general rule, at a site with poor to no wifi, multiple hashtags are not "the problem"
Jeremy and Phil, roommates of 7.5 years, playing footsie at the bar booth.
Morning! On the way to SF for my little brother's #university open house! He'll be going to big boy school soon! ;)
love when american-born curators speak with the accents of the heritage of the collections they are responsible for!!! <3
Really excited that gets to open for and next Saturday at the Bootleg in LA.
Glad to have A Wedding in Haiti as my #fridayreads. Can't wait to get back to it after work today! What are you reading?
Thanks Melissa. I found it helpful to my healing to publicly break the silence. I removed the ability to lie to myself.
Me and my friend boy have conversations filled in sarcasm...I found love in a hopeless place..I think
RT : Congrats to u and the rest of the fab team of #OLTL..< Hey!!! Thank You! Miss ya!
Fun to see all the people #sledding in Whitnall Park yesterday; hope more have the basic pleasure of winter motion today! Enjoy #mkesnow!
everyone keeps talking about how cool you are
An uncontrollable beast.
people really think Mayweather is gonna lose?
Thank you Tammy for being here!!
Wednesday February 16th don't miss the New Mexico Landscape and Maintenance Trade Show. For more details visit www.nmlamp.org
what's the dog's name
You watch rugby?
Trust in God in all things + Sacrifices + Dedication + Perseverance + Patients = Prosperity
The person who tells all there friends to follow will get a prize!
yeah rough 2nd half on both ends of the court!
I can't move my legs
thanks, Daniel!
So true.. RT : You can settle down without settling..!
Going to ride, damn it's hot here in TN. I feel sorry for everyone at Loretta Lynn's!
I know you get this alot But I thought I'd try and tell you. You are my INSPIRATION. <3 2
Love the sign! I think I need to find a place for that quote in my library, too!
Master Series: World Book Night starts at 12:30pm, DCC, Ballroom A2 Find out how your library can get involved.
excellent! Just the preliminary stuff, ya know...
lol , important questions i see ..
No, thank you for being one of the best hospitals in Austin!!
that was so funny!!!!!
Someone should create a or directed at kids and kids sites. Getting feedback from kids is a tough problem.
I will never be that tasteless with money, are you serious yelling at your wife for 30$ -.-
Gotta love it when the "lovable loosers" live up to their namesake!!
If you want an editor to pick up on your story. Research their twitter and see which editor's lifestyle relates to your story
please pick me been trying since monday
Question to the #h191d crew: what's the tweeting assignment for the week?
Yes. It's happened. Even more vexing: dropping pepper mill full of peppercorns.
Marvin's room >>>
I Put The Picture On Facebook & He Said " Y'all Negros Wrong, " LMFAOO' !
3 educator attitudes to copyright, 1. It's all ok;
A man's character is his fate. -Heraclitus
u should
Tates Creek fumbles on first play and Campbell County scored on a Tyler Durham 13yd TD run kick failed
Just got done getting readyy .. going back to sleep now. Lbvs
Cuz that's not what I wrote down.
Make sure you shake off those new years hangovers and join us in Brunswick @ Ape Hangers Saloon JAN 7th! Check out our ad in the Bwick post!
Are there PSSA's tomorrow?
Osteoporosis – What is it? » Articles Directory
Working with on our next 'big thing' - keep an eye out later today for news!
The opposite of talking isn't listening. The opposite of talking is waiting. —Fran Leibowitz
Shout To People You speak to that never speak Back
See you there! RT : ThisLAtina can't wait. Love Griffith Park - great hiking trails.
Survived that robbery attempt last nite Wtf where the kids parents be ?? Anyway didn't come out my shit but sumbody lost a toe ..
Smh I'm changing my daughter name again!
Saturday night editing jag. Let's see if I can get through the last 30pp of this novella, shall we? *sips beer* *dives into the manuscript*
There's no Brewers game today darling.
Thanks for the support
Thanks for the heads up!
I hate it when tricks like try to be cool and ignore me
Big Shock Media is at the venue for ELITE 17 in Salinas, CA! Cage is ready, fighters are starting to arrive! Don't miss this event!!
Aw...thank you so much!!!! THANKS AGAIN FOR THE OPPORTUNITY!!!I HAD AN AWESOME TIME
So glad San Diego is back up and running
Interesting. Thanks. I think my hesitation one part control one part shyness.
Congratulations Jeremy
Thanks! These look great! :)
RT : RT : Thinking about checking the twerk team out tonight
haha that's awesome!
Cupid by Lloyd is my #1 favorite song <3
Sudafed refill time. So thankful it's pregnancy-safe.
what!? I'm. So sorry.I.couldn't meet you
The perfect boyfriend doesn<U+FFFD>t drink, smoke, cheat or exist ... -unknown
"My Little Eye" was actually pretty decent. I had no expectations, so that may be why, but it kept me guessing in a few spots.
WOW! keep doing your thing!
No one cares...
Develop success from failures. Dale Carnegie
Hahaha Caleb is drunk as shit having a heart to heart with me lol
gone good this season them hoes fightin already
where the f r u
Guys in fedoras
“: My breakfast today was redbull & vodka...that's it!” breakfast of champions!
there is a kid in the alley playing a snorkel like one of those horns they play on top of mountains in the alps. help.
first of many days by the pool <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+008A>
good morning to you
Happy Birthday to Susan B. Anthony!
Just spilled a whole gallon of black paint all over the living room.
Let's take a planneee. <U+2708>
#Celtics are currently putting on a clinic for "How to miss open shots"
Fresh Exchange Fundraiser Tonight from 5-8pm.
Do you have a AutoExec macro running? If so, kill it. View...Macros, I think.
A great way to promote the most efficient charities is to use this site www.charitynavigator.org/
I only nut from head, never from sex.
Falling asleep to The Only Way is Essex. Bonne nuit!
I'm torn between going out tonight and watching Lost.
U look rdy sista. Get it in. GOD bless.
Might I suggest the brand WorkCustom? You can buy their cargo skinnies on Amazon.
I have not used Evernote for a long time. I'll have to give it a try again
Just came home from work. Made it in time to see the last few minutes. Let's go Lakers!
My mind is always in the gutter #str8freakstatus lls jk
let us have our moment haha x
Who has a shirt with their name on it? This man. *points in the mirror*
Android Player SDK for #BlackBerry #PlayBook is announced at #DevCon. (Applause)
YES WE ARE LOL
#ThingsPeopleShouldNotDo is judge a man. #Chadevans2 was #wronglyconvicted just like #AmandaKnox. #justice will prevail! FREE CHAD IN NH!
Like when you cheated on your wife? RT: Faison: NC must not follow other states that have pushed through immoral policies
Campus lights went out tonight at Purdue during planning! Preparations continue in the dark! TEDx coming to Purdue This Week!
im sad who im i gonna hang with
You tripping now, 2ma night tho..
#60Minutes the gems might have been thrown out of a drug trafficker's boat.
i don't understand how one can be so tired, yet unable to sleep.
Happy Australia day!
you're the one tweeting about it! Haha I won't tell anyone
(or at least I think Nick Cave is the original? could be wrong)
Who Gnna Stop Me???
The cold wind blowing through NYC feels like winter. It's about time.
What is the American Dream to you? To live out a piddly life? Bad dream, eh? The Dream is to be successful. You jealous?
my head is not big it's normal size!!!
Money Saving Tip #22: Plan your meals around your grocery store’s flyer.
yea but i kno ya pic... U #ny ... Fresh 2death ya face on my #TL makes me smile... #UnforgettableFace <3
Nah, I only know that because I've been to Sweden a couple times. :)
Twit is another tool celebs use to pretend to care about the ppl who put $ in their pckt. In reAlity they only connect w/higher class celebs
Congrats on the new grandson!
Ronnie Redcup is a kickball wizard! Where do you play?
Have a green Christmas! #Audiobook review: ENVY by , read by Julia Whelan for Brilliance Audio. goo.gl/O9AJ1
The Rosa Parks of your FB...no, ma'am!
WOW if you actually knew what you were talking about youd know that 34234 black people started attacking/cussing at me
im eating subway(:
aye im holdin down for da band in cali mane, Sneedie wonder!
sexy as always babe...gonna be crazy hot when I get you in front of my camera soon :)
btw you sound amazing when you sing <3 keep it up (:
Love the idea! I'll be interested to hear how many participants you get! (and to see the results) :)
Just did burpees, push-ups, sit-ups, and squats. I might die.
DROP IT LIKE IT'S HOT!
11 hours of law & order on TNT!
fire man john has some of the best shit out right now
Finally made it! RT : Lost with my man following just trying to get back to LA.. Is that so much to ask for!?
not anymore!
at our annual biz meeting. first thing we hear no cell phones no laptops. what a difference from #astdTK12 .
Things you didn't know: the world center of transcendental meditation is in Iowa.
AFL-CIO calls on Congress to set aside politics of 1%, old game of special favors for Wall Street & turn to business of real job creation.
it was freaking amazing. Love how was like lemme see? YANK. Back in place.
I get off at 11. Why are you coming
thanks for the following let's get in that Dj battle this summer location coming up soon.
Baked chicken soup for lunch...yummy!
Just heard that has 5 former students participating as mentors this year.
please follow back, I'm a huge country music fan!?
#cavs cut it to three
to the ones that have past RIP. To the ones that are alive plz Universe help them stay alive. Soon it will be time to Rebuild.
Kidnap us? :)
Davis Love to learn from past Ryder Cup captains Davis Love I is prepared for the lobbying and politics that come with being America's
The same way u iPhone users feel about Android having instagram is the way white people feel towards black people about hollister & polo.
Were sitting waiting for the liliac festival parade.
Your videos are amazing, I always look forward to them!! :) keep up the good work and stay beautiful! <13
Wishing all of you a Happy Holiday!
on facebook, a good friend of mine is looking for a SINGLE/UNATTACHED guy for me... Contact Angela Goble on Facebook
added bonuses of a late afternoon poolside: craft beer in plastic cups and the missus in a two piece.
Adobe Media Encoder is stunningly inept at encoding media.
To the crew on bikes that rolled by bumping "I Got 5 On It," cheers.
RT : Find out what VC of thinks of YOUR idea! He's mentoring at
who's your least favorite?
well Satan is the #fatheroflies so he wouldn't argue. He'd persuade or coax you making you believe it was your own
By take off, I mean that ontologies exist in most domains, not simply in a few (& growing # of) specialties
2012 ATA Convention unveils new association brand: Professional Association for Customer Engagement
ets- got our first airplay off the new record on tues 24th with "heart poppers" played on wmbr cambridge, ma.
Hey everyone! its Friday! what are u all doing this weekend? :)
Jen is so hot, the sun cannot look her straight in the eyes.
So here I am in Peru...and I just have to say...Dear Indiana and North Carolina: You have lost all touch with reality....enjoy that.
Already getting camera ready“: RT ***SWOON*** #
Wow. Wife has hijacked my Twitter.
Foul, foul, foul, foul, foul, foul, foul, foul, Foul, foul, foul, foul, foul, foul, foul.
"Taxation without stated ability to negotiate labor contracts" just doesn't have the same ring to it though
I thought you didn't have an iPad.
Hate to see the Fox Sports Southwest Crew sign off for the season. They do such a better job than the network.
you get mad when i dont text you back, but when i do you don't. t(-_-)t whateverr dude. 2 can play this game. GAME ON!
amazing!!! My mommy is amazing.
We are Niagra Falls bound tomorrow for at the Rapids Theatre! See you there, super upstate NY.
Going skiing with my girls ! <U+2665> And it's only October ? ! WOW .
Melo and the Nuggs @ Philly in A.I.'s return to the sixers
and also with you.
go away Fagget
We're back at Duff's Garage to hear...are you ready...Crime-A-Billy Christmas. See you Live on NC8.
Please help!
I would love help prepping the the #checkride when the time comes. Should grab coffee sometime as we have some things in common.
Dear your "seamless" transfer option has been nothing but a nightmare. And your customer service anything but helpful. #AT&T
Isn't wealth redistribution just an Orwellian language trick to sell what is really theft?
Where was the lane violation?
Hey errybody, it's 's birthday!!!!
I a stupid hoee
Batman is my choice as well!
You fell in love with a careless man's careful daughter :)
I know, inside joke
Thank you for tweeting my article
Wake up, its time for Vegas. #ces here I come!
That's very helpful, thanks! Not sure I could do one as well, but love the idea.
+ you run! RT : I think; therefore I AM a
I need an infant gronk nation shirt if possible?!
85% of Americans say they have a more positive opinion of a company when it supports a cause.
Who would wear a JamesGang SKC tshirt?? im itching to use my western license
First day back to work and can't wait for the weekend.
Happy hour today, old town?
#NashaRashaNYC Let Loose and Relax Happy Hour! 4pm - 7pm
i figured it out! you have to be an architect to enjoy putting together Ikea furniture.
what happened why are you on crutches! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
you a clown lmao but I would've been sleep for all that
Dear , I need to reach you RE a ShareCare mother's day tribute to caregivers. Please email me
To mothers everywhere, Happy Mother's Day! May your day be filled with laughter, hugs and love. The true joys in life.
Jut getting home from work!
Throwing into the middle of it. He's lovin it
Never pay extra for exterior grade plywood for interior jobs. Interior grade is just fine and cheaper!
Please add a search box to the new designed home page of WMT for agencies....new thumbnails make it a slow scrolly process. Thx!
So not looking forward to going to school today :'( its soo nasty out
That coffee sounds like something made in a dispenser from Star Trek. Is it good?
CAN'T STOP CODING...except to eat :)
My roommates are talking about their "waxing schedule"Seriosuly, the funniest thing to listen too.
MISTER DUDE
we need?
I know they have to win this next game on Sunday if they wanna even have a shot to win this series. They better pick it up
anything at all? Sometimes it's good to change your mind on what you want. :-)
glad I got a chance to talk with you tonight a Blue Frog ... keep in touch!
Have they said what is going on with him specifically yet?
I'll never be your mother's favorite. Your Daddy can't even look me in the eye.
well..why you stalking me? lol <3
Your name is stupid.
To which are you referring?
CAN'T BELIEVE THE ICONic Boyz ARE GONNA BE ON THE
RT you're welcome....now go get drunk!...lol--believe me i will lol
#ThoughtsWhileRunning left, right, left, right, left, right...
Dance party in the IB yuhhhhh!!!
always good! when are we getting our POC everything on?
Food for Thought today!!! RT Food For Thought conference at University of Portland! Listening to congressman Earl Blumenauer.
way to go badgers “: Huge win for UW men's soccer! Congrats boys...
its the bomb,com
A beautiful voice left the world today...R.I.P. Whitney Houston
RT Marketing/P.R. agency looking to offer services at no cost to a non-profit. Location not important.
Lol just when I felt bad for you. Hoe.
You wanna fck up my life and leave me with a broken heart go ahead and ill move on,live a better life and be me
Call me crazy, but when someone yells "Fuck you faggot!" across a parking lot at me, I can't help but take it personally.
He did teach us alot tho i didnt understand how much history till i came to college so S/O to my boi Jason ha
lmfao that was a joke ... right?
ICE launches grain contracts, battles CME on home turf
Russell's gonna debut the new Taylor Swift song from The Hunger Games soundtrack at 6:25!!!
- The #Celtics are playing inspired ball at exactly the right time! Let's hope they can carry this into the playoffs!
I'm looking for tools or methods for remote brainstorming and idea generation. suggested Pinterest. Other ideas?
great work!
using proper form when working out is the key to getting the results you want and preventing injuries. think quality over quantity.
Excuse the exaggeration but seriously I almost stepped on this thing and these bugs legit are after me. ):
I'm not conceded just confident
eaten way too much crap today, need to do something tomorrow to make me feel better.......fitness burst!!!
watching it all happen wit
A pedestrian in the street, who isn't in a crosswalk, better be able to run the speed of traffic because those jerks get away with too much.
1 pound ten ounces
that's good stuff about Gus, he will be great for MLS!
Bluegrass Stout 2.
I just finished a 3.01 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
GOP is stubborn, and worried about their own wallet. They don't care about us, the American people. Your stupid if u cant see that
Fear cuts deeper than Swords - Arya Stark
its nothing you can do about that. Just be the best "you" you can be. Can't
I just earned the Glamorama badge on #Yelp!
Wow, just shot my 1,000th photo with Seems crazy.
Because My Phone Bill Was Over $1,200 Dollars.
I just teleported back to Highschool on that one! AWESOME
stole my only lighter fuckin dick!
Why am I still sick :( ugh I hate this feeling
RT : My love of tight butts and eating sunflower seeds can be directly attributed to watching baseball.
It's kind of hard to use the site if the Register button gives a 404 error & contact leads back to register and 404, not cool
Lv wrangler game w/ and a bunch of industry family.
Ooh but it is progress and progress is wonderful. Yay, you!
Join tonight in SV to hear Elena of the Green Chamber of Commerce on the importance of a GCC in a troubled economy.
Double D on #DWTS !!! Cheeseheads for DONALD!
I'm a nerd :p
Gaga on ellen , oh yeah!...
Can't help you there. I'm not an arguing kinda gal. I guess I could argue anti football. ;)
Never Say Never <3
You make me so excited and I don't wanna fight it I start to blush you are my Sugar Rush!
When people talk in 3rd person
Thanks, I hadn't seen it!
Hey Brooke, who do I speak to regarding your agent? I'm writing and producing a movie I think you'd be good in.
S/o to young buck. I still bang straight outta cashville.
Come with me to virtual starbucks then :D
Next time you think I give a fuck, remember the 3 F's..if you aren't feeding me, financing me, or fucking me I dont give a shit.
We just heard from "Congratulations on winning “Best MexicanFood” in our 2012 Smart List (will come out Mar 8)." Thanks & Cheers!
--about big government conservatives. A lot of the resistance to Mitt, Newt, Rick came from exactly that. "Establishment" GOP.
To all The Lovely Moms in my Twitter Family: HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY!
just dont curbstomp me at downings and we're good. :)
wide.awake.
I just hit a 100ft. Birdie on Tiger Woods PGA Tour '10
Cougar week in Spokane is here, heading off to work soon, 1st stop
Thanks for all your support!
Im nw at Lammbeau Field for tonights game with Cleveland .
Adam, my mother was an LVN most of her adult working life. I got my passion for the health and well being of others from her.
"If we aren't supposed to eat animals, why are they made of meat?"
when it loads info, sure.
“: HATERS ALWAYS TALK ABOUT STEALiNG SOMETHiNG FROM SOMEONE ... WiNNERS ALWAYS TALK ABOUT BUiLDiNG AN EMPiRE” legendary
RT : #astd2012 will be the 1st opp to win a 12 month license to the Critical Thinking University! Stop by booth
I know I'm moving fast but it's my first pregnancy and I'm excited and scared. Mom Already purchased 25 outfits And more
Night twitter
Know exactly what color dress and what color heels I want for my birthday. Must. Find. And. Buy.
Happy Friday. Lovely day for writing documentation, yes?
Looking forward to seeing everyone at #UMBCsocial this morning. Be safe on the wet roads. Coffee and pastries await
:-) Yeah, Whitefield and Wesley are a couple of my favs.
Credentials on the wall do not make you a decent human being!
I texted u to your textfree number.
24 hours 'till Costa Rica!!
ninneerrrssss. Who you got?
of course i'll follow them :) xoxo
your ideas are fabulous! Thanks for following & stay tuned for #coutureoncoins with Eve & Natalie
Xmas Gifts For Your Pets! These are some of the reasons
hahaha... yea Heat might pull it out
how was your day? <3
I am totally loving the entire Ralph Lauren Big Pony Fragrance Collection!! They are so pretty and delicious smelling!!
I really hate one word replies-_____-
Just dawned on me how weird it is that I have a brother & sister only 5 days apart. :o
It's Impossible for me to listen to "Tiny Dancer" in my car and not pretend I'm on the tour bus with Stillwater
You can do similar polling with Blackboard Collaborate or Polleverywhere.
Well if you can work it out with Chris, Eddie, I might have time to review some beats. Maybe just as an intern.
Ugh!! Ok so he wanna drive like a maniac ok, but then he got the nerve to be texting too!! Oh hellz naw!!
RT : Well all I have to say is if your planning on walking anywhere near freshmen hall tomorrow, you better bring a gas mask
RT : It may be a speaker’s presentation, but it is the audience’s experience.
OMG! Is there anything more irritating than ?! I will NOT click your links.
I'm sleep deprived, people are stupid, & I just wanna go to kings island. Rocky start to this wonderful Wednesday. -___-
Thanks! I owe you a longer note. I've been thinking about the MAR revision AND CONGRATS on the cool pub. More in my note...
Calling Morris Knolls and Morris Hills Basketball for boys and girls on MSG VARSITY!!! Should be a dandy!!!
oh Taft... what a sketchy place
Left my iPhone 4s on the car roof...thank you Otterbox for only a small scratch under the case!
“: Before we close? I have the feeling we barely scratched the surface... #UIEVS #gamestorming” I agree!
Seeing Rosie Napravnik win the Oaks reminds you how tough the women & men who ride really are. She's had some injuries.
That Halftime show was so reductive...
Finna nap for an hour then wake up and hit the books.!!
And that's all the brain can handle tonight. I'll try to handicap more positions in the next few days, definitely into next week.
Study break = Wash Nationals game vs SF Giants. To all - Good luck on finals. Be safe moving out and traveling home as you finish finals.
Saturday April 7th will be a night to remember as we celebrate the birthdays of our resident Dj's & <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089>
Is Obama unstoppable?
They say it's the journey that counts, not the destination. Except when the journey begins to feel like a treadmill.
hey man thanks for following us... hope to see you at a show!
Anyone have a Google+ invite?
Wait, finals are next week?
yea I even told Josh..lol...Its jus to big for me....That shit can fit all kinds of baby stuff lol
Computers are useless. They can only give you answers. Pablo Picasso
I know what it was, I just want to know why he did it.
Swimming is such a good workout..
You like? ;D
We are on Facebook, come check us out and like our page
(yawn) good morning! how have you been? life has been crazy busy for me. and it's almost time for #mkeMomsDay brunch!
That's my thing. Can't we all just let it be the bad enough that it already is without piling on more bad? Answer, always: No.
Happy #superbowl day!!
Makin moves early.
Going to the doc on Wednesday for bloodwork to figure out why I keep losing weight
thanks guys, i really enjoy both your industry blog comments.
tornado warnings and heavy rain
35 percent of U.S. Adults are obese, that's crazy and pathetic. This country is in bad shape.
Rain! Is this some kind of mean joke?
yes building a twitter PLN takes time, one way you know a teacher cares (and shares)
Orange County NC uses AnimalKind to do income qualif, & POP-NC mobile unit helps with surgeries. Public/private partnerships.
Good job Nats!
Amy composed 4 new songs: Love Handles, My Friend, Scared the Bejesus Out of Me and Drink Lots of Beer.... Her new album might be out soon
I like the .08 alcohol limit road signs near the WI and IL border. I assume most people still go 5-7 over.
This is just the dumbest attack I've ever seen.
thanks you too. I might be in for paper soon!
The links are up at www.watchnhllive.com you have to register to gain full access to all the live games enjoy!!!
Oh the irony of choking on your medication. Ran to the kitchen and swallowed a piece of bread. Thought I was gonna die!
Asian cracker mix and chai tea lattes shouldn't go together...but they do...they really do...
"Before you talk, listen. Before you react, think. Before you criticize, wait. Before you pray, forgive. Before you quit, try."
Yes today is my teachers last day she wont be back to next year subs everyday :-)
"An ounce of gold is an ounce of gold, whether it consists of guineas, sovereigns or eagles."
love gt fish. My favorite is a glass of old money and the shrimp and foie
RT : Tourism jobs? Great, will use PhD to sell dippin dots at WI Dells once you decimate state govt.
Even though I dance everyday :o
There's just so much wrong with that, Do not want!
hahha have u ever been out here
up there
Thanksgiving is nothing if not a glad and reverent lifting of the heart to God in honor and praise for His goodness. ~Robert Casper Lintner
no it got postponed until Tomorrow
Spice things up with a chick-fil-a spicy sandwich for dinner. Feeling extra spicy you can add pepper jack cheese to it!
This lady on Ellen has a British accent. Omg stop mocking me.
“: In Virginia, you are legally considered to be 21 years old on the day before your 21st birthday.”
What To Do??
I'd rather push forward w less worry about race + more what draws us together as humans. Healthier in my opinion.
how is it about me? I don't see a wall!
Lovely day off yesterday day drinking and then dinner and drinks with the boss! Now it's time to work!
Dear iTunes Genius Mix: Nothing kills a work flow like Christopher Cross.
What apps do you rec for Asperger's/hi funct pragmatic speech?
getting back into action...
See you there! RT : Gonna check out clinic tonight
New stereotype for Midwesterners: way existential. Dan Chaon's "Stay Awake."
“I got well by talking. Death could not get a word in edgewise, grew discouraged, and traveled on.” - Louise Erdrich
hahahaha yeah i mean i had made tht part better then jkjkjk her when she got out the car she hitted her self with the door haha
Thanks , I was wondering what was going on with my
Aww wish my kids were little again so they could be cute in that...they're 17&13 and cute in adult swag so its cool we love ya <3
I just finished a 5.06 km run with a time of 29:29 with Nike+ GPS.
Thank you very much. I would have had to kidnapp Thomas et hop in the 1st hot air balloon out of here otherwise
LOL how often were you taking them? I was taking 4mg 3x's per day
i feel u my dude... Who u stay with?
I have an obsession with #border security
Theres nothing wrong with being shallow as long as youre insightful about it. Dennis Miller
Returning/to returning/to returning
Now that I'm awake I still can't convince myself it's not true. (2/2)
what did u get at the liquor store? Jameson test taker juice? Lol
No more sight singing class at AMDA ever again!
AUSTIN KILLED IT !!!!!
Already awake, about to watch someone kill it at football<U+2764>then let's go <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089>
You ever wish that you had amnesia? That you could forget that one person that ruined it for everyone else?
#YouKnowYouStink when someone is talking to you and they stop the convo and say "what is that smell is, that the garbage?"
Tuesday shout-out idea: Got some favorite #publishers?
I can smell Revel making Korean BBQ from my roof… This is going to be an awesome summer.
Shannon Mattern beginning with the joke of a woman who accidentally cut internet line in her garden in eastern Europe.
Ladies, your HAIR, or your HEALTH??
Every woman deserves a man that can make her heart forget that it was ever broken.
hey you look just like the Timbers Nagbe ....you're both great scorers
Car of girls just rolled up outside my apt. to pick up neighbor and all shrieked "VEGAS!" Heh. Love it.
Hi Thom! A long time since Northampton! Hope you're well x
D-fence!!! Is the name of the Game
I admit I'm not succeeding ;)
is sessions really as good as people are saying. Honestly i know nothing about him. But im just glad we still have pau and bynum.
oh u have me lily and other ppl
that doesn't help me lol
My Instagram --> StevenZambito My other twitter -->
Lol RT : Littles pens that talk and move there head that come out of dog toys remind me of you
Troy Calhoun is the current Air Force coach. Just rumors right now.
Gettin on my Grizzline stuff tomorrow! Ready to watch the Grizz tear up the Clippers and play some sweet beats with the Grizzline
My brain: "Hey dude we've been up since 5am - time to call it a day" #mybrainismush Anyone wanna finish prepping tmrws TLJ for me? Hahaha.
that's fantastic!!! There were a bunch of you called - coincidence??? Have fun tonight & kick booty!!
Still learning cool things abt social media like Trendsmap, which enables u 2 c what's trending on Twitter from a particular city.
Waiting on the D3 servers to come back on
I think I might have a problem... Ive been on the lookout al day lmao
We're at Bar East. Spammin' this shit with Space-heads.
Woke up for nothing
Living in the NOW but particularly glad the now is Friday!
haha, now you are. thanks :) x
13 days until Copenhagen...!
The finest eloquence is that which gets things done. David Lloyd George
My mood right now though. Lol not cool.
f that noise!!! Stay away from all of them!! Hit me up ;)) you know I'll improve your day!!!
and that soldier is a hero our countries veterans are the best there is please help our veterans every day and support them thank you
One thing I don't miss about Avon: the poop smell on 625 <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9><U+261D>
Finished our pitch - good experience!
There is still plenty of time to get back into the Fantasy game..LegendsFantasyLeagues has new games every week. New line ups every week.
we have a spotify playlist in interior design in some girls just added the whole up all night album....
With all dance moms and candy apples
Keep an eye on your account activity!
Just filmed co-founder Bo Lu for my YouTube channel. Next up is at the next break
#community - I am more turned on by a woman in pajamas than lingerie. I just want to know they feel comfortable.
#someday you will realize how much i love you&how you #inspire me and follow me/tweet me!iloveyou 36
"CHECKOUT" Meech Dogg's JUICED UP on youtube. Please "HELP" us gain more fans tell some friends..
any word on what that fire is? Scary
I live in NY That's not a redneck type state little troll
Give the music all your lovin'
This is so interesting! Great find. I can't believe the Dictionary was banned.
lol <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A> You are to cute!!
I love History, but writing a rap about it is just a big no.
<U+200E>"The question isn’t who is going to let me; it’s who is going to stop me.” – Ayn Rand
It is so hot outside omg
Are you missing work because of the trip? MISSING work?
Smith & Wesson: The original point and click interface.
:D Anything Else?
I just keep a couple of em' close by.
The Festival of Lights is coming to Fremont on Dec. 9th. Save the date & let your friends & family know!
I think I'm ready for another hamster...
lots of edits to my intro...not even certain what should be in here really.
Haha. :D I love you too!
Subban is a bum.
Hi... Thanks for the kind words. Was your name Capron when we met?
become a man with more then 10 hustles if you arent already that kind of man,make sure money doesnt stop u from doing anything u want to do.
Feel like a kid again... Used a real pencil sharpener today. They still suck
it kinda sucked tonight but we made the best of it haha. It will be super fun on the weekend!
Meeting of Station North artists at 5:30pm at City Arts TODAY! To be discussed: opportunities for artists, tax incentives, and future plans.
Have you read Ray Kurzweils The Singularity is Near? It is about the future of the human race. It is optimistic.
love it! I really enjoy how drunks are brave, as long as they're 50 feet away. Ha ha, I deal with a lot of CUNTS! Ha ha!
The Script is my new favorite band..
rt: If You Don't Know God, You Don't Know Peace.
As serious as your life.
It's all about the Love, Thank you for your support and for doing business in #BloomingdaleDC!
Jumped an hour ahead... which means dinner is an hour earlier :)
please please go follow it would mean so much to her! <U+E32D>
Well, at least I have amazing friends
A weakness of this age is our inability to distinguish our needs from our greeds.
Thanks! Nice cab! Have a great day and enjoy this beautiful weather!
oh fizz wouldn' t you like to know! ;)
I've become obsessed with images of the (Emerson) Bromo Seltzer Tower, City Hall, Baltimore Courthouse, and streetcars.
Lombardi known as blunt, at times abrasive - The Advocate
The good things that come to those who wait may have been the things left behind by those that got there first
I think it's one of the best sequels yet. It seems to follow the original story much more closely than any of the others ever had.
Sorry to hear that. Thanks for the fast response. Hope to work with you in the future!
Although w/out them, one sentence makes it sound like I'm cooking imaginary ponies for dinner. I try to avoid surreal cuisine.
that sounds like an excellent answer for bible content.
ive done it before and ill do it again this yr. :)
thanks for the RT and follow on Friday!
Brand-new Audio-Technica USB turntable shipped with a CD bearing a 2006 version of Audacity (PPC-only, non-Lion). Where'd they even find it?
co-founder of Egypt's April 6 movement, was amazing today. Such a privilege to hear him.
Mitt forgot, my people didn't come here for opp, came in chains, chattel not people as enshrined in constitution. I c #USA differently.
I think I might call it a night
Anybody have a good recipe using Malibu Rum? On sale now for only $23.99 (1.5L).
so beautiful!
I dont watch kris humphries much but when i do he scores on the wrong goal.
I've still got a few tricks up my sleeve ;)
im already going to see the movie i dont want to see him until i get to the movies so i can feel surprised =D
Thanks Dan :) Wish it was the Rapids instead of Galaxy being honored for a Championship and conducting the clinic!
I will be playing with my quintet at the Cotton Club in Tokyo from May 30 - June 1!
lol yeah dude maybe I should just legally change my name to Keyless and never use Justin McKee anymore haha that would be cool
Your body is so fine boy ;)
Am i right or am i right! Ha
ur making me look bad.
Did you know we have Meatball Lollipops? They're piping hot and they'll warm you up this chilly afternoon! Stop by today...open until 7.
RT : The woman reading this deserves a Pulitzer for being able to get through the script without laughing.
hahahah I wish I was there to see that
Going to see the hunger games!:) RT if you have already seen it
#InfluentialAthletes Rickey Henderson. Greatest lead off man of all time!
Barnes shooting well
I don't think so. I have only seen part of 2 episodes.He's more of a curiosity, but the fact that he's there is a step fwd.
maybe I'll be getting to play with Eugene Chadbourne in North Carolina this July! stay tuned...
I need help if your following me and I'm not returning the follow let me know so I can return it... Thanks
i have exams 2moro i ddnt study;)
#SHOUTOUT to the new followers &
"If you smacked a kid in the face with a bottle of Johnson's No More Tears, would it create beautiful irony?"
Waltzer's wired in. RT : Soundtrack for migration currently underway: Horace Silver with Art Farmer
good luck in the contest! Did you like Antwan's video? -
. Thanks for the follow. Interesting Twitter stream...Jeannette
Congrats Wes God Bless you for next season see ya soon and take care.
Happy Birthday Love! You are now old enough for Harry & Niall:) Can't wait for the lakehouse, miss the four of us<3 Love Ya:)
Help improve a gov't website: First Fridays needs volunteers for usability test Wed. Jan 25. Email
*lookin around the house* damn baby i lost my feelins for yu
I'd have laughed if that HTC kid landed on a cactus. You got a cactus prickle in your ass son!
Congratulations to for officially earning her MFA! Thanks for sharing your enlightening journey! NOW the REAL work begins!
Your body's like a pill a shouldn't take . <3
thanks for the followw :)
Mesa, AZ! Are you there? What are you plans for Fat Tuesday? Any John Waters fans in Mesa?
I missed this state and it missed me.
Sitting at my desk, rocking out. My body wants to dance. It knows that summer is right around the corner.
WE R DARING AND COOL AND ALL R JEALOUS
crash it
We talking bout homework ? Homework ?! Now a test ... not a final ... We talking bout homework , what we talking bout lol
Can't wait for in Syracuse so we can get some white raver rafting going on!
Good morning world, make sure to stop by www.threadedtype.com and pick up some tees...
Gay is sin? Well, the bible claims that sex is for creation only. Therefore any sex with a condom or birth control is wrong as well.
will you please follow me! :)
Seriously - I like to hear differing opinions, but you're clogging up my feed with Van-can we move on ferchrissake?
Am an asset not a liability
Hi, my loves this is Copperrose I Think I'm going to like Twitter so follow me!!!! and my band. We love you !! and thanks. Peace.
Thank you! ;) All the best!
“: well she is a sneaky one. Just like Osama <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00B3>.” <- that was stupid <U+E108>
yep! do u ever go see games @ home depot center?
Sunday Dinner Prime Rib Buffett Only $11.95. Come one call all and enjoy this feast! Only at the Cultural Center. Order in or take out.
“: “: "Was that lightning" No.... they're taking pictures for google earth.” ” love it!!!!
happy birthday mooosh!!
Thank you!
G.M.N.I.: Caught my niece saying, "Come on, vamanos!". Yes. She's watching Dora.
put the new case on..now all I need is a new screen
Our new Facebook page is up - Movie Insider. Have you liked us yet?
that's awesome!
Thank YOU from Atlanta City Councilman ! Check out ATL's !
or a pound of flesh, but I'd prefer royalties.
“Always forgive your enemies; nothing annoys them so much.” <U+2015> Oscar Wilde
Why is the woman next to me eating a banana?
Do I have to make an account first?
Ah *sigh* thank goodness.
Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving.
This glass ceiling is a MF.
Thursday & Saturday = fotoshoots. And in between: diners, drinks, movies, citytrips... Busy schedule!
Good start to keynote, amazing journey starting Sharing his #PaaS vision
is going to open up a big old can of #opengov awesomeness this Thursday at 11:00am EST.
i don't think would like it ;)
Trapped in by #Irene, planned to read Frankl's Mans' Search for Meaning, ended up chnging my twitter bckgrnd and following new ppl.
watching Alan Greenspan interview i've been looking forward to all week. jealous?
Looks like my back yard. =)
excuse me im sorry im really such a lady i rep young money you know slim baby!! <3
Babe forever rubs my belly.
yall comin by tomorrow? Beware of #pickpockets and
my son Cassius' bday how bout a retweet? The GOAT!
Since Memorial Day Weekend is coming: No, I won't get you in free anywhere, no I will not line pass you for $20 and NO THERE ARE NO "DEALS"
: Checked email & found online confirm. You might want to check yours. My computer still says processing. Big Mess!
I love brown eyes<3
glad my heart, my body heat down her now I play more beautiful.
char, para, cell and table styles often conflict, override inconsistently, have different context menus... unstable
and got married yesterday! agfgffgjkklfzsdfgh :D
I'm on his cabinet RT : : running 4 prez on this "I want a country where motel keys CAN'T BE DE-MAGNETIZED!"
You've got Smith 2X “: #Hawks starters: Smith, Teague, Johnson, Williams, Smith. #Celtics #NBA”
I dont think I have 1 day that's not draining from here til May w/ finals, my sisters wedding & concert all in the next 10 days
If you getting down that night then do it. But if not then don't. What's the deal miss lady?
The sun is shining in Arizona. Just like Gabby Giffords smile. God speed on your recovery. We look forward to your next chapter.
gggrrrrr...logistics of things are frustrating me.
Gyros for lunch. Now I have had my Greek fix for the month!
is that a trick question haha jk ME!!
Palo Alto is great (although a little expensive) and you are a 45 min caltrain ride from SF. Have you been to the campus?
#NW Wedding Crashers - "Rule #76 No excuses, play like a champion" LOL
Help I have to use Rosetta Stone
are you happy now??
#KSsynapse Zoghbi: These mice only had 30% loss in GABA transmission, but this caused a multitude of psychiatric phenotypes.
also everyone in Concepcion could really use your prayers
I just finished my longest run in two years... it's still far from my longest ever, but it's progress..
Nice to meet you at the CALD meeting today.
same sh!t dif toilet. how u been homie
Thanx just watched laugh at my pain...I needed that tonight...great stand up...alright alright alright lol
“: #askanything: Jack Daniels and Coke or Mojito?” Mojito sorry
“I did not have three thousand pairs of shoes. I had one thousand and sixty.” Imelda Marcos
don't go chasing waterfalls...because you'll probably drown, dummy
let's go on the 20th! close encounters of the third kind...
come! I might also go to the abbey tomorrow.
lol that would suck. I can't wait chillin with my homies tomorrow
OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG ONE DIRECTION. HOLY FUCK WHY ARE THEY SO AMAZING. Me and my sister were pretty much crying. Omg. I can't even
THANK YOU TO THE WONDERFUL VENDORS FOR SUPPORTING THE 2011 SD FAMILY EXPO! We look forward to seeing you there next year.
One major website is sucking, it's that website's fault. Multiple major websites are sucking, it's Amazon Cloud's fault.
the DVR-esque functionality is a nice touch too. They rolled the new goodies out for iPad a few months back. It's pretty slick.
She's super cute!!!!!
we look just like that too today...not! as you say. Covered in moving dust bunnies.
not sure yet. They are going fast. We are givin' away a bunch of other events on the site though
Finding your roots!
If you're downtown for first night, get to 5th ave place by 9:30 for some Cello Fury action!
not that it matters but waving that goal off is a joke. Same thing Hartnell did on second goal.
Talking about extension of TANF we passed in the Committee on Human Services. Bill gives 12 months more to those on TANF 60 months.
I just ordered my last present so I am officially done with my Christmas shopping!
Hey jasmine how are you hey do have yahoo to chat
We just drove past South Bend. I think I saw trouble with your name on it. :)
Thanks to for a great conversation in #DigitalPreservation class, and for provoking our thoughts about such rich ethical issues.
37min. for Kevin Durant in an #AllStarGame is a joke. Scottie Brooks wanted that extra accolade for his player.
Agreed RT : Big fan of the team over at Love what they're up to, love how they operate.
Kevin back for summer?
I don't think I'm that hard core. But then again, I didn't ever think I would have a twitter account either...
The only thing can cut through s beard is a roundhouse kick to the face by Chuck Norris.
First stop - Sports Clips!
Was running around all night & couldn't sit..hopefully made it on tv though! RT: Where's your seat at the NFL draft ??
Yes....we all know you're jealous of my relationship. Don't subtweet when I obviously know its you -__-
love the banter.....never get tired of angry OSU fans! really makes my day!
Back to the office. Had a goodtime celebrating Black History Month w/friends in Downtown SD. did an amazing job singing
wassup boss how is everything going?
When ur having a good dream then ur alarm goes off!
Kill urself if you like lil wayne
water boarding! RT : What's the penalty 4 turning them in tomorrow & changing them next week?
Another wonderful day in Seattle. Might have to go cycling or play some tennis later on.
Hell yeah !! <3
what's the dish?
A #quote for the evening: "There are three cures for ennui: sleep, drink and travel." D.H. Lawrence
Tone your legs! footwear's double rocker bottom technology helps boost overall leg and calf muscle activity as you
you have NO idea! I'm in Phoenix in full black and gold, so sad. :-( still #louisiana proud though! :-D
Lisa should be great. Just keep up with the work/deadlines and you'll be fine.
omg so many mentions right now i can't keep up. wow i have the greatest followers you guys are awesome. keep 'em coming
": is on a roll tonight. "they can just find that unfollow button." #gottaloveit #tinygirlwithatude" BAHAHAHA!
Everyone owes a HUGE thank you to for keeping the #GOP honest (oxymoron) & running a fun, intelligent campaign.
Josh Freeman. Ever heard of him? He started on Mike's fantasy team.
hey, thanks for the intro!
Grab your tickets to our hometown show on Friday w/ Cartel, Hey Monday, The Ready Set, etc. $15 www.wearesocontagious.bigcartel.com
“: Eventually making my way onto this morning on the winner of #PXYHSC at 7am!”
i love your tumblr follow bak on twitter?<U+2665>
That is so cool! And, yes, it kinda DOES make u Hannah Vogel. Have u read the book? As cover model, I'd be happy to get u one
Drivers Ed so damn boring
#24HOURS till #BOYFRIEND #LEGGO <3 made it so far :)
OHP makes big bust of fake purses
Come join me at the falls!!! 2$ domestics all night!!!
i dont want to change you into that kind of person. :/
I love Jason's facial expressions when he dances! :D
follow back?
Your life is so glamorous.
Im gonna sneezin up my intestines!!
Thanks for the add!
The watch is pretty rad. But I'm broke. Can I buy you a beer instead?
Yesterday? You didn't kill me. I am stronger. HA ha.
Gonna get in gear
Need volunteers - Web site design, program development, and other tasks for new charity. Please email, .
Come To My Birthday Party
please share more! would love 2 c your scaffolding/curriculum :)
you got it!
Out of Print & On Screen Panel
Please don't let your pencil-jealousy cripple you--entirely. We promise to take lots of pencil-pictures.
Pretty Little Liars! #iloveEzra When will we find out who "A" is?
be selenatico is a good person, intelligent and compassionate help others! : D
#SocialMediaTip never get mad when it isn’t necessary
Agility for Dogs & Cats helps my cats arthritis. So does Sealogix Fish Oil.
Correction: Alexis is (not ). Sorry for the typo!
Which documentary is that? I love the NYPL.
Congratulations. You've totally blown the Junior Seau news. Embarassing for you. Were you distracted by Red Sox highlights?
I DO IT BIG MY NIGGAZ DO THA SAME THANG!!!
Works would then be made available as open access.
#TelltheWhiteHouse that if you can't do your jobs then you're fired! We'll build a new house and start our own government!
Do you think the ancients knew the speed of light? 299792458 fractal. Multiply each digit times the next = 3265920 x 6 = 1959552 = Nineveh #
I have to sign off, but will talk again soon.
If you can get 10 or more of your friends to "Like" our page, you will receive a FREE lunch!
Lol! I'm having a Jack Daniels!
Glitter eye shadow for prom next week....oh yeah
My mom has "had enough."
- Your Resume should not contain information that is not important; only put in the important parts that are required
haha and then her voice was so annoying:b did u see the one that was like 4 years later and she had the kid?
Redeemed Girls, remember Psalm 46:1 today, "God is our refuge and strength, always ready to help in times of trouble." (NLT)
they say it in my face i dont think so
My old roommate is getting married!!! Congrats Kathleen!!
but look, why block me...and I don't even hit you up you messaged me feel me?
Do you know of a place?
Shutdown laptop and now I am waiting for 19 Security Patches to old. I am going to be a little late this morning ....
Showed woman the self checkout machine. Why stand in a line, I say?
done! ..cool story
Oh my goodness, that sounds AMAZING!!! :) :) :)
Thought for the Day: “One person with a belief is equal to a force of ninety-nine who have only interests.” – Peter Marshall
12 hours into the work day, but totally worth it bc I passed my quiz :)
The only benefit of going to these things if that the freshman love me so I get to look cool for once in my life.
you #poop because you have to, I poop because I like the feeling.
Appreciate the suggestion!
One thing we are not, is film snobs. We love television! What new shows are you looking forward to this fall?
Checked the genre pages they're excluded. They still show up in the home page in Top10 and in other groupings on the home page
Love that is on #TheVoice right now! She made me cry with her amazing voice at our wedding:) Love her!
#313Dlove So many things about our new home- especially how welcoming, enthusiastic and supportive everyone has been. Best creatives around
GRAVEYARD DOUBLE FEATURE tonight at 4am. Johnny Depp in DONNIE BRASCO + Marlon Brando in THE WILD ONE. mai tais & movies, best deal in town
ILU Your Like Justins Brother N Some Ppl Just Be Doin Diz 2 Get Justins Attending But Im Not Hope U Feel Better God Bless U<3
Well, that's the first and last time Osama Bin Laden uses Facebook Places to Check-In at "My Favorite Cave".
Loves having conversations with random strangers.. they're the best! Haha(:
All that work to get tickets but it was worth it
You sit there in your heartache Waiting on some beautiful boy To save you from your old ways
Wow, I got blocked by a two-bit author who tweets spam to people about her bullshit ghost stories. Do I get a prize, ?
You must have met my husband! So happy it helped! Ginger works wonders!
"Glorify who you are today, do not condemn who you were yesterday, and dream of who you can be tomorrow." - Neale Donald Walsch
I like to call myself a "good repurposer" instead of cheap. Got a better ring to it!
Watching baseball at 90 degree weather today..
can we get a room?
He is GORGEOUS in drag. If you saw of photo of me at 24 and him and 24... we could be twins! Didn't realize you are in FLA.
On #VirginAmerica, Debit card wouldn't swipe, in window seat, & other cards buried overhead in bag. Guy on aisle bought me lunch.
yes. Thanks for remembering. He is 5 today.
Brazil's top MMA promotion to broadcast Shooto 28 live from Rio de Janeiro on GFL.tv, March 10th
Darling now blaming lack of job creation in WI on recall elections.
go ahead! haha stop bein a
Order sent to Randy in LA!
Okay, I'll rephrase what I tweeted. I'll just target WWE Creative instead.
If you thought May was great you<U+0092>re going to love June!
that's nice too but, u should get out and see those places I now I would :D
There needs to be a Princess Diaries 3!
Last rehearsal before we head to Atlanta with the tomorrow! /te
What's your website address?
Back to normal, all the meds are flushed out of me. Now, time to play catch up for what I missed.
It's National Coffee Day #ROC. A day we need to stop and smell the coffee. Cheers to our cups of Joe for getting us through the mornings!
Rain has moved out of the area and our crews are doing everything they can to get us open shortly.
Wonder why chose a frog in our logo/name? We love frogs & the idea of “leaping” into ebooks (pardon the cheese!).
Yep. My friend Ryan's in the band. :)
welcome home
you look even better on tv.
#NowPlaying Rumor Mill by . I can't wait to see them during their co-headlining tour with Every Avenue! :)
you said you better be it was funny
RT Book lovers never go to bed alone.
... if you're watching at Who's On Third? ... everything is a little fuzzy.
I should not be allowed to play with sharpies
Want to hear more about that session. Jealous!
I"M FOLLOWING U!
#HateItWhen you see someone online, and there totally not the person you thought face to face.
There are so many of you that could put text marketing to good use.
#WhatDreamsAreMadeOf Usually too much to drink unless Leonardo Dicaprio is incepting something.
China is setting a horrible precedent by expelling Melissa Chan.
See you there! RT : I'll be there for a bit before heading over to tonight's city council meeting.
Our work email system is currently down. This means I should just take the rest of the day off, right?!
shout out to and the great work they are doing to inform on #startup issues
HOW I MET YOUR MOTHER SEASON FINALE IN 19 MINUTES!!
marketing gone to hell. RT : just saw a claim something was "The official drink of halloween" Who authorizes that? Elvira?
Lost power in the thunderstorm last night and am now staring out the window at snowflakes. Only in MN. And really, it's kind of fun!
Wow! It is a lot of work to do every little thing you said you would do right after you said it. Kept me really busy all day.
Haha! I watched MY niece (4 years old) do the same thing,twice,a couple of days ago.not very "interesting" but still instructive.
#Vote for Amiee here and RT !! : you're on fire!
A night of Claire Denis, 'Trouble Every Day' and Tindersticks ... now has us wanting to hear Vincent Gallo's 'Recordings of Music For Film'.
Emergency evacuation galleria. Lost our movie.
You eat pieces of shit for breakfast?!?!
A graceful nonentity
I got a twenty dollar bill that says no one's ever seen you without make-up. You're always made up.
I am going to enjoy this last full day of summer. Tomorrow, I'll move on to fall. Thank goodness for baseball and football crossovers.
Looking to Add New people to instagram : Paulyg103
Your impression was dead on as always.
and that's when i received too much information.
hey bitches!
Well played. DM us your size! MT : May 1, 2012 - I was stressed out, editing in Ezratti, and then COM me a t-shirt!
Mason folks: looks like this outage impacted more than GMU. Look for the incident report on myMason. We'll post as soon as we have it.
One positive. We're staying at the same hotel as the Brewers!
Seriously, dude?! Ur guy has dressage horses as a hobby!! Ridiculous. Come up w/something real 2 complain abt
Very cool! Oh, and nice Kappa arm pop, :)
Some states & higher ed systems have ENDed remedial ed. in 4 yr colleges. Many students will be excluded if trend cont
Live that I had to take a day off work to goto court...
A friend just asked if I wanted to get a Groupon for skydiving...definitely not.
Take a walk down memory lane revisiting your school year books to get some ideas on who to to reconnect with on LinkedIn or Facebook.
anytime i feel fat, i watch my 600-pound life. problem solved.
IMDB Pro on my iPhone...Very useful!
Three things that shouldn’t be broken : friendships, hearts and promises.
I wish! Are you going Sammi? Can't wait for season 6! Congrats on all ur both doing! #bigthings xo
what's going on this weekend? Any events ya`ll hosting?
Watching the Big Ten's Greatest Seasons - 1999. Plenty of time spent on Paterno, Sandusky and the PSU D. Very odd to watch now...
My baby sister does the face.
I lost my bestfriend today...
Currently on my way back to Westport on the world's most crowded train
follow back :D ?
why is it then that despite R opposition since inception in '79, that R's hv kept it alive and expanded its reach?
Thanks for the mention!
Thank you for the feature in: 12 Place Setting and Place Card Ideas From Diffa's Dining by Design in New York.
the stuff they say is DISGUSTING...they need help
I don't need one but Id take one. Know what your shafts are? Also, are both stiff-flex shafts? I'd pick black over other but either
The notebook is on.<U+E328>
I told my lil 5 yr old sis not 2 hav a baby cuz it hurts then she was all o yea on animal planet a horse was like 1million months pregnant
bring a gas mask too !
Does anyone wanna stand still for 30 minutes for a wesley video today or tommorow at lunch time?
How do you escape from your mind
"The sixties produced an anarchic mind-set that is great for imagining a world not yet in existence.” -Walter Isaacson
who are you?
My normal wednesday playlist just won't do today. Song suggestions pls...
yeah then yeah as long as they are responsible if they boyz are happy the we real ICONiacz are happy too
Thanks for following! Keep the raw rhymes coming!
Aw , Well You Better BE LMFAO !
Whoever your talking about, Will probably make you happier anyway. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
ACCURATE! Thanks very much, Michelle! :)
bastards it's empty... ;)
OOC; To last tweet.
Woop that ass....
you look more your age in
If steroids are illegal for athletes, then Photoshop should be illegal for models.
- I'm looking for a uc student or alumni to join my startup (as a cofounder). Send me an email
Please all, and you will please none. -Aesop
Got my Exit Day Luncheon paper.
It's 830pm and the HQs are still cranking. Tx to our terrific volunteers for all the hard work.
Morning off to make this money
An ex should stay an ex. They're the example of false love & the explanation for why you deserve better.
come for dork shorts and fun with r&m prelinger. 7pm.
Nite nite Harlem see u tomorrow
LOL, yeah, but I'm saving mine for MY book. Good luck with yours!
yeah I use it on sandwiches and salads
We obeyed kings and bent before emperors. But today we kneel only to truth, follow only beauty, and obey only love. - Kahlil Gibran
RT : Off to get some Lebanese food at Zaina for lunch wit ... bo I almost went today!!!!
We shall slay this stereo dragon with much cursing, pre-renders, & casually dropping the term "convergence," in reviews.
“: 48 Minutes to Docking: The Soyuz is now at a Range of ~15 Kilometers conducting a KURS Short Test. #ISS”rt
Pleasantly surprised with RPP
Doesn't matter how old Ray Allen, Paul Pierce and Kevin Garnett may be. They will leave it all on the court.
#NowPlayin ordinary people
a white booger seems to have just fallen from your left nostril
This guys knows! RT : Oh, you're really hot? Please, ruin it with a crappy personality.
I made the decision. I'm accountable. ~Janet Reno
. , I am writing an article for the on Wash. being the seventh state to allow gay marriage. Would anyone comment?
;D Yheaa it was i like how they did 3 different parts but still kept the characters n them
Formal education will earn you a living, self-education make you a fortune.
OMG thank you for sharing that!
I play live sporadically. When in a hand, I put my right hand over my mouth,take deep breaths w/o them noticing,and stare at em.
Are you at #IECA12? We are, and we're giving away free guides to college admissions. Take some for your clients!
Attending the seminar series on bid protests
Anywho, gotta get up early to go to beauty supply store so I can do my hair before this interview
Dinner with my family @ Sams no3
Time to play 1D's album on replay...
Money can't buy you love cuz it's over priced.
First person to tweet me <3 gets a shoutout!(:
Really should've shaved this morning
I don't like you at all so don't add me on Facebook.
Hey Sis you always make my day. Have a blessed day:-)
i say go for it. Just don't snore. Lol...
the all caps would indicate that you're surprised. DO YOU KNOW ME, WOMAN??!
I sent you an e-mail. Sorry for typos, but I wrote quickly and didn't proof. Keep up your great work!
If Parker and Rose keep going back and forth the way they are, this Spurs vs. Bulls game will end up in a fight lol
****All items aren't guaranteed to be in stock.
Congrats for an amazing rocking kick-off event for The ASPIRE Foundation in Las Vegas w/special guests Maroon 5.
Ladies, there's nothing special about being the MAIN chick. That just means you're 1 of many being played.
too bad he closed it. Maybe he will get it started verified before or if he starts another one.
5am? Sleep? What's that?
Ah, the scots -- always a source of humor and awesomeness!
This drive needs to be over so I can be with already.
UPML the age of dkr's
Still reeling (n a good way) from powerful constellations workshop lead by Beth Hand & Kathy Harman Powerful! TY
Thanks for RT!
Thank you for your thoughtful review of Animal Diaries-Life Cycles!
Emily could you be avail on Monday for about 30 minutes?
Shoot, have to pack for
I am better able to imagine hell than heaven; it is my inheritance, I suppose
amazing! any new favorites among the gems we pulled from the stacks?
It's on Kenilworth just west of Farwell. You need to try it!
love you. Come home to the mad city
#usopen great matches today!
in 2 weeks I'm ready to go to summer shopping <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
It's my logo for both my photography business and my online radio show, so I notice when I see other ensos around! Well done.
#Wheelsup Boston to DC for my first #TEDMED Conference ... Can't Wait!!
What's your favorite hairstyle?
Just saw a Left 4 Dead fan film that somehow worked in Halo and Mortal Kombat, pretty epic.
Does anyone have a piece of meat we can borrow? We need to get to Scotland, but to do that we must catch dog, hence the meat. - Trog
Need a massage mane .
Would be great kickoff to the 2012 season
good morning tammy
#fridayreads Are You My Mother? by Alison Bechdel. OMG.it's.so.good.so.far!!!!!!
You have no idea how fast my heart races when I see you...
regional happy hour at an award winning project. Way to go Pam.
nice to meet you Todd. Heads up: ENKG possible run, FBCD major run to .10+ soon I'll be buying large around noon. IMO
today's my friend's Bday and the best gift is if you follow her,will you make her dream come true?.3
Many Americans worried that their social security checks will be delayed. Are you worried? Let us know. www.newsplex.com
Ouch I have a mosquito bite on my leg & it's killing me :-/
Thank God all they took was his material possessions and didn't harm Pastor Winans.
thanks for the sweet mention! Hope you are doing well!
The Only Place is my shit
Paul Konerko really giving that extra effort on that run to 1st base on his last at bat. Seems like he wants thias one done
How can I become a part of the rebel band (of awesomeness) ?
Are you ready for "LEGO: THE MOVIE?" Next up: "BENEATH THE PLANET OF LINCOLN LOGS!"
Girl Me Too I Want Some Chicken_
umm....I'm not sure...seven i think
ICE RINK treats at centennial_park ! TOMORROW (12/14) Toys for Tots is back!! Skate for FREE if you bring an unwrapped toy. 6-7pm
....to form a 1 million+ item dataset.
It's funny how it is the smallest things can make me so happy. The best things in life really are free.
Three Year Goals - Align annual management & planning cycle with performance management & accountability processes.
or as some would call him Dr. Doom, for slangin negativity He may be right sometimes but i prefer #hope &
Think I did pretty good on my psych test.
still playing fifa 12? U ever create your own pro?
Rockin' Magic Show tonight at Gilbert's Resort in Key Largo FL. 7:00pm.
Thanks Mo, I hope you enjoy the latest podcast!
WOW I HOPE THEY TREATED U BET'R THAN THEY TREATED ME????
Adrenaline show starts at 9:30 Dan McGuinness spottswood. A great place to party and eat.
really, sweet where too?
Thank you Krystal!!
He wants to take me out tonight, should i go.....
Congrats Dave-! You will 1 day have one leap completely out of the water (35+ inches) and your heart will jump outta your chest;)
Why does my hair have to look amazing right before I wash it?
Thanks for the follow Peter!
ok got it- just gotta read faster...:). 3 weeks!
wanted to say congrats....
Look forward to meeting you at Barkworld!
I saw your cap & gown pic on facebook!! So proud of you! ...not to get all mushy or anything lol.
what kinda trend did I unwillingly start?
Good afternoon everybody I woke up at 12:00 because I was listening to zendaya's hit
Great conversation tonight at US Grant Hotel in downtown San Diego w/ Mayor Jerry Sanders & former Chicago Mayor Richard M. Daley & others.
moby and bob seger in town on the same day!! which one should i see ?
Tea time :)
both GT's in one pic lolol
ik so do i
My briefcase is full of jelly beans...
#FF A few #Austin arts groups, new to the Twitter-verse:
Lol this little girl <<<
I know it is inappropriate to un-mute myself on this call just to tell everyone I am sad about Dick Clark. But I really want to :*(
So many fun products at #orgfaves workshop! FB fans, I will post a list when I get home. Too many to type and listen!
a parent playing wizard 101 makes you cool?! if my parents play a video game with me i'd shoot myself.
Today I dyed my eyebrows lighter to match my new hair color but they looked so scary that I darkened them again. Now they're a medium brown.
#ThatOnePersonInSchool you like, but you're to shy to talk to... .___.
Hurricanes are like women: when they come, they’re wet and wild, but when they leave they take your house and car.
she can dunk, but the real question is, can she cook and clean?
Destroy what Destroys you.
physically no, mentally probably.
$1.2 trill: Revenue for women-owned businesses in '07. 7.5 mill: # of people employed by women-owned businesses in '07
I've been told I should model...but I don't think I ever could.
Christmas back to you Brooke! Looking forward to your new music. Yay!
The truck is on the #AmericanU quad today from 12-2 p.m. $1 off wonky fries and wonky dogs if you're wearing a #WONK T-shirt.
Welcome international guests, one being pres of the canadian teachers federation
if you're thinking about #emailmarketing you should be thinking about me
We missed our invite. We've got gas in the tank! ;-P
Of course you "don't eat raw fish" - you eat fish sticks.
RT : lol I guess I took this last night. Can't ever pass up a scotch and soda. #vscofil @ Fat Fish Cantina Grill...
Had a terrific first lesson with Max4 So great I signed up for tomorrow, too!
you should make a tinychattttt. you never do );
Happy Mothers Day (: Make Sure To Get/Make Your Mom Something Nice! (: xx
If you aint talkin $$$ well it dont make sense.
I am doing a video interview Bill Burr tomorrow for Back of the Room with Matthew Gill. Any questions you'd like me to ask?
You should deffinately come pick me up :)
Relatedly, thank you to for the stick that I used as a crutch on my way to the hospital on my birthday. LOL.
Good to see these young cats sharing the ball in the finals
Hello hello Good Morning followers! Have a great day! Xoxo
I scream! U scream! Dude.. we're all screaming this morning!! haha!
it's amazing how successful yelp is at turning people into pompous pricks.
New mission: Bring #MacaronDayNYC to SD! Does anyone have any good recs for macarons down here? Haven't had any good ones...
Looking to team up with and indie #gamedev that needs #sounddesign Tell me what you have going.
#Denver's own Alan Roach loud & proud at the #Superbowl!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to my buddy ! Hope you have a good one! =D
Thanks! RT : Are you at #SXSW? If so, swing by and check out #PepsiCo Central- we have more brainstorms going on today!
" What is this I am seeing about getting mustache cards?!?? Yeah boiiiii *fist pumps*"
California Begins Bulb Phase Out. Incandescent bulbs will gradually be pased out.
Conda just mouths off when she should be OFF! She's a royal B if you ask me.
You got the wrong Keith
LOL I was perplexed
I didn't know how girly his body was until he did this song!
After seeing billy kick off I like the call to go for it ...BUT u gotta get it.
Sad that all these years living so close I've never gone to see the Enterprise but I shall wait until we go together.
A couple real niggas in the building, Amen !
ikr! Come on! I've never heard of a family thats more torn apart!!!
going to The south on Vacayy!!! See Ya there!!!(:
If you want to personally deal with me just DM me Hun and ill get back to you. I'll be back in pa tomorrow.
Dancin in the dark !
Yep Etta James has to be added too. What a sad month.
But I agree that not having to have a password is good on a site. My fav ecomm total experience is Crate & Barrel!
Derek Fisher!
Rhinestone cowboy
As you start the year, are you preparing to win? Just to be clear - letting the opportunities come to you is not preparation.
Rumor mill... CBGBs summer music festival in the works for July.
wtf was that called as a foul
I'm thinking about getting another car...just thinking. The last thing I want is another stupid car lease.
RT : Thank you for helping support for this Mother's Day!
Congrats to #Reds manager Dusty Baker for win No. 1,500
I'm also still working on Time Future. I need to complete it so I can move on to something else...maybe The Venus Throw (FINALLY).
i dont hate you.....
People who #DoGood are something to be THANKful for this
#OTMRECORD we Mobbin #Knowlmtalbout Either run wit it or run from it!!
Working on a scene from The Help and no I ain't playing a maid!
Happy Birthday to our beautiful Lexy Darlin!
Over this studying thing ready for snuggles with my one and only NOW!
PLEASE MAMA MAHONE FOLLOW ME :)
Jenny Lind donated $10,000 to charity after her first performance. Endearing her forever in the hearts of New Yorkers
I kinda think I like you.
Ohh my gosh, I'm tired. Trying not to fall asleep in class right now.
Im childish
I am glad you had fun :D
“Keep on knocking, and the door will be opened to you” (Matthew 7:7, NLT)
why do we always want what we can't have
Bout to get my workout on...ewww
hoping for the best but expecting the worst
i love your icon and tweets.....would you mind including me in the fanbook?? my bday is in Feb. :D ALOHA <3
Last night in the dorm
I'm just as surprised as you are
After all of the December craziness, what are you doing to stay calm and avoid stress in January?
I clicked the link thinking it was Jenny Sanford somehowblogging about the Kindle and her ex-hubby. Imagine my disappointment. :)
I don't care how many followers you show, if you're a celebrity and don't have that blue check mark, i ain't following sh*t
I've been catching them all on Hulu. I want to see Bombshell on stage!
Tuesdays a dumb day
********THE ONE STOP SHOP FOR EVERYTHING YOU NEED!! WWW.NEWMEXICOGUNS.COM
now that's something I can support!! Don't want folks literally setting up "home" at work to accommodate 70 hrs/wk on the job.
Time take a break from working so hard for my amazing fans and go spend time with my biggest fans...
Preparing for The Next Chapter in Moiko Records..Stay tuned.
Goodness-they said that eyesight would start to decline after 40 & SURE ENOUGH!Ugh! Now I need "readers"Good thing I love glasses!
I don't know, but maybe the love birds aka Couples are trying to prove that look what I won or like look what I can get. lol
People are real
If you ask for strength, God wont directly give you what you strength, he'll give you the oppurtunity to demonstrate strength
Sell it, hoping she can pay some those back taxes she owes....
Get to watch the Floyd mayweather fight due to my main fucking cod boy
SF city govt has fb app for paying parking tickets. Heh, coolness.
I am aware that accomplishment is more than a great idea. It's timing too.
how are you?
You're awesome and ya we do need to go to a rave soonn.
Logic < Drake
Im so sorry but that was a gigantic turnoff..ugh.
I would ask or about those types of things. They know people.
wow, what a shock, Romneys' budget would actually add to the deficit. To think that a modern day republican might understand math...
I guess
#ThingsiHate your face, sadly that can never change..
i REALLY WANT S0ME BARBECUE!!!
chose to report "Leather Culture" for informative speech...but I am not really an expert on that topic...any ideas on where to start?
Follow Me?? Your A Big Inspiration To Me !!(:
A UK win tommorow would mark UK's second men's basketball victory over UofL in 2011.
“: There's an actual bird tweeting outside my window.” he's moving in on mgmt lol
Ha!! The roasting that would hve occured
I'm so ready for Tuesday. #districts!
man where the fuck papa johns at!
A guy asked if and I we "were the same major" last week. Then he asked if we could get him flash on his iPhone.
Season finale of #ParamormalWitness next week? :-( I hope they come back. I love their ghost stories.
Elizabeth Reian Bennett will be playing shakuhachi tomorrow night at Old South Church, Boston. 7:30 benefit concert for the tsunami victims.
Nope, it just makes things easier.
tell Dan to text me please
On second thoughts
I have discovered Spotify. It is a good thing.
Huge congrats Pete
A1) Love this tweet! RT : You can dream about it, or you can try and make it your reality...
I can't fall asleep without music playing and I lost my headphones:(
Installation for RESIDENCE goes up tonight!
Bears are my super bowl pick out of the NFC
uhh how can u make sure of that?
Glad that I realized how much work I have to do cause it kicked my butt into gear!
That scared feeling that you get but theres no way of escaping... Im glad that man got in between the dogs and us. I should go back and ...
oh thats good!!! we going in tonight in Merienda For first friday i got an invite from them u should come
Matt :D
Richard White's questions: differences between large and small landholding patterns in Calif. counties in the 1890s
Happy Easter everyone:)
Ooh, would love to but I have a run early tomorrow morning. Have one for me!
and they love me for loving them.
Thank you Irish people for this delicious beer.
Great end to a (very) busy work week. Positive client feedback on my initial design concepts & a beer with #gslisui friends.
Please follow instead to instead? Thanks! You rock! :)
I will remove all podcasts uploaded to youtube if you want. No need for a copywrite strike. Just wanted youtubers to listen.
Dey av done it again o.
probably gambled on it
OMG DMd ME I lovve u girl u rockk by the way last week I sad THE GAME PLAN hAHA
If #RonPaul (well, per #Rasmussen) pulls votes from #Obama, is #paleocon the new #liberaltarian? may hope not.
Trying to fight the urge to abandon Twitter. I think I got overwhelmed and just shut the Twitter part of my brain off... motivating...
i want a backyard full of kudzu
Download online radio on android & iphone...market search TEXAS101...listen to 24/7 non-stop R&B and HipHop!! Let's go!
you are not supposed to tweet unsupervised missy.
I'm going to be a cute little house wife covered in tattoos when I'm older.
among my followers: sweax, wienermobile, soiree a grenoble, labor union report...and now apparently I'm following Taco Bell
Chi town :) with the best friend Natalie and her family!!!
Just got home myself. Something went wrong when I was born...I know I'm supposed to have been wealthy LOL. TGTF
Am I watching a Little League game?
U can tell when a nigga dick ain't shit, he brag about it to build his self esteem back up, because she treated his ass the day before, lol
Just started watching Thursday. Wasn't sure if I'd like it or not. Now that I'm this far, I probably will work on catching up.
Life beats down and crushes the soul and art reminds you that you have one. ~Stella Adler
Getting ready for the dance....
All day, we will be giving fun facts about cooking in the woods...if you have any tips, let us know...
what happen to you after sort des morning??
Oh come on, you can do it!
see you at church tomorrow(: <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F><U+26EA>
I feel like I should watch #Taken tonight! Tomorrow #IndiaorBust ...
RT : For 2012: Live with as much passion as Rocky. Smile as if you had Pujols $. Work as if Luck were trying to replace you.
Did you go see the movie "Red Tails"? What did you think of the movie?
It would be awesome if you could save your searches on as their site has a terrible time saving search criteria.
Wow. Just wow.
#kced 1 or 2 free drinks for peeps who come to trivia. BOOYAH
protip: when A51 proposal has questions w/ 10+ votes, you can unclick yr upvotes on those & reassign to sub-10 vote questions.
Of course you have fairy poles, too, Paige!
omg I love your cat
Not entirely sure why cute guys like are following me, but most definitely not opposed.
... is rather disappointed to see how social media has eroded the concept of due process.
#Fandomunium is in full effect - come check out all the games in a party area - enjoy great HRC Munchies, shoot a few hoops
Thanks guys!
Thought Nimoy said he was retired (Astrid better not be dead)! Next week will either be brilliant or pathetic. *fingers crossed*
Really wish I could find my wallet. Clothes and shoes galore at the mall that I need.
You cast a spell on me.
Construction is set to begin on Costco in mid-Aug & will open in November - Lowes & remaining stores will follow shortly after!
“: i got da baddest so I'm cool !”
The relaxing feeling of a great mani & pedi... Mommy TOTALLY deserved this!
Allison, this time I read it and thought constructive idealists
also Columbia.MO my best friends dad is one of the owners of Harpos anther nationally know college bar and major renovationdone
Which Chinese is most widely used: Chinese (Cantonese), Chinese Mandarin Simplified or Chinese Mandarin Traditional?
Spooky. My dsl went down after I twt'd u Halloween night. Got it back yesterday afternoon. Just now catching up.
Going to France in one week. Going crazy right now...
Guys its official i meet the one and only tomorrow. Trying to not run around like a weirdo and scream it out of the rooftops! <3
PS: Quote of the day- ""It ain't how hard you hit, it's about how hard you can get hit and keep moving forward." Rocky Balboa
It's so hard to get motivated to go back to work after lunch
I know youve done that. I cant believe anybody would ever fly on them, even with a pre-purchased ticket! LOL j/k, I understand
Outdoor Fireplaces: Weber 2726 Wood Burning Fireplace
My dad just randomly gave me 100$ (:
Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it's time to pause and reflect.
Buy 4 tires, get up to $70 rebate! On these name brands: Michelin, BFGoodrich, Goodyear, General Tire and Hankook....Print the coupon and v…
Shake it like a salt shaker!
Happy Easter :)
Larry frame was a good dude haha
ImaMakeUMyLast RT : Gentlemen :: here's a hint. You don't have to be her first love.. just make sure youre her last
: Everyone FREE All Night Long! This Thursday At #Bodi SEE U THERE!
Happy Easter to all my peeps. Have a good day !
200m ppl unemployed worldwide. No euro growth, export dependent=massive state job losses. Can't payback debt.
Gotta be honest folks; I really wanna get Nude w/ & pump away on that Columbian Not So Secret Service Hooker lady, she's a hot Mami! #Pro $
I think the need to do a "yellow out" for the game tmrw night! Let's get crazy :)
Pam Houston's CONTENTS MAY HAVE SHIFTED. #fridayreads What are you reading?
The term "skinny dipping" means that fat people won't take their clothes off in public, right?
All about Lady #Griner tonight, people. Only reason I have watched woman's bball for more than 2 seconds this season.
what you talkin about?
Can u please follow Me(: trying to reach a hundred wana help?
"Ill kill you with charizard" LOL omg im in rehearsal and I cant stop laughing.
If I had to go to #mizzou - I'd thank Norfolk. Think of how bad Florida would have beaten you on national TV.
Thanks for the shout out today! Enjoy your site too!
I think I've seen 20 bumper stickers today
Thank you kind lady for offering me some of your fried chicken on the bus :)
Well looks like the Steelers are going to wrap this one up, done. Got say the Steel curtain is looking prime and ready for the long haul!
My bible study tonight is so amazing :] God always shows himself thru His word.
Orlando is being deluged by rain! That means flowers, which means bees, bees bees, yea!!!
Some great games in college basketball on tonight.
I want someone different to come around. Someone who in order to get to know I have to dig around their brains. Idw someone just like me.
:'( its hard though! RT i'm gonna slap you anyways ally. I've had this long talk over and over with you ._____.
question for people who know it all: why are we in the same position?
I guess we will ended in the A no biggie.
Yes I wish. Must think of an email tie-in...
The University of Houston "The Spirit Of Houston"Marching Band To Perform In Exhibition @ The 2010 MLK High School Battle Of The Bands - HOU
Winos Havin' all the fun!
That's what I like to hear!
Well I just left the office. Does this mean I can just not go to the gym?
So THAT'S how WAR is calculated...
Hi guys, how are you all doing? :) <3
At work free pool night!!! Slicks on montrose
Since there is no rest for the wicked, I'm off to the spreadsheet mines!
Everything that happens, makes us who we are today, we learn from our past, our mistakes. That's how we become better
lil late to get the day started
lmfao yes I do (:
Is it just me or is Nicki Minaj's cape thing smothering ?
Uh oh, is after me.
true, very true. Thanks
I won??? wahhhhoooooooooooooooooooooooooo! thank you!
Great day just had Texas Roadhouse :)
I said there was but one solitary thing about the past worth remembering, and that was the fact that it is past-can't be restored.
RT : "MIRROR MIRROR ON THE WALL, WHO'S THE PRETTIEST OF THEM ALL?" You shall see tonight at #INFERNO with #MuPi!! and
im on call of duty: mw2 getting it in on xbox live..
you're joking...
I'm missing this interview Austin's doing and everyone's tweeting about it. I feel left out. Someone tell me what he's saying.
Goodnight to my fan club. Yes, the one that doesn't exist.
Success only becomes before work in the dictionary. In order to be successful you have to work.
Wants the beach. And wants to bitch.
Exciting Job Openings Jones Group! jonesgroupinc.com/careers
Drink more Water; Being dehydrated can sap your energy & make you feel tired!
I just love his random phone calls . <3
yes very :3
KFC sounds so good!!!!
WOW! I could get used to this! Headed east to the Potomac better gewt my goggles down
So funny that there's an app for that.
Talking about VHS movies w/
Angry tweeting, commence!
got 2 go guys see u guys later
Do we need to make a change? Nowling asks board.
Another show next Friday in a house in Ravenswood--will send details. Directed the show--it's going really well.
I see that all the damn time
Gave in and switched to timeline...
you're so sweet cheyenne :)
Great seeing folk 2nite @ Woolly! , Kim Schraf, Naomi Jacobsen, John Lescault, , Daniel Escobar & delicious Mary Tucker!
Picked 19 of 24. Two better than last year I think. It was fun watching along with everyone. Good night!
That's right
it's gold!!! Def a yes!
omg congrats!!!!!! Love is in the air =)
I miss college.. them was the fun days lol huuhhhh
Musician en route to RT : Baking, broiling, on the streets heading to wnyc studios
Do what you do best and link to the rest!
The akward moment when you realize kelso and jackie made the same movie with different people #fwb and
I hope you are ok
Okay Bout To Take A Shower Then I'll Make It, (Too Much Info I Know LOL)
Michael you might want to look at that URL a little closer
Why r guys so difficult?
just like that my pacers about too beat them Knicks what it do pacers !!!!
numbers change everywhere one minute it says you have thousands of followers next you don't
You are welcome!! I was so excited about your iPhone cover. I love it so much. ;) we love you!!!!
The Minnesota Twins have 7 wins. Remember all of that "we won't miss the Metrodome" crap? How's that working out for them?
Casting for Jo Maries Show Second Chance over 40 years old giving you a second chance at your dream email
Thanks for being a part of our TacoTuesday, sir!
You know what Facebook needs? More people posting inspirational quotes.
W.beyondthescoreboard.net report card teams headed to the top of the lottery the has Nash and after that it's downhill
Inspiration is temporary, Transformation is lasting. Seek Transformation to become an Agent of Change. -Titus Mathew
Wednesday Lunch Specials R..Sante Fe Chicken & Black Bean Salad & not yet famous but very well-known Bagel Breakfast Sandy w/drink 4 $6.99
that y I love his ass so much his mix tapes keeps me jtfo
Excited! SheaMoí Naturelle™ is making moves. In April we will be featured in a media outlet. More details at a later date.
I know!! :) RT : Erika - thanks! Can't wait to have you... it's going to be a great few days!
Happy Mother's Day 2 all the Mothers of the world! Most importantly ... Happy Mother's Day 2 MY MOM Loretta Sutton! Love you mom :-)
Pray for Japan. : (
Goin to see boys like girls next week!!! OMG i'm soo frikken excited!!! :)
Attending the Colts Luncheon with , Indiana Blue Star Salute, The Excel Center and AAR Corp
My school FSU will be a member of the Big 12 by 2013 kickoff. bank on that.
Would you have a magnitude sf cost for your ADA compliant grating systems (1.5"/2.5") including installation?
I agree with Woody Allen's philosophy: In good times and in bad...keep making art!
Nice lil walk
Whats w/ these ghetto ATMs at delis asking if I want 2 check my balance first? Can we speed up this process so I can buy my Reese's cup plz?
Did my english teacher really just freak out and not teach us anything today? Oh well #sparknotes to the rescue.
In Miami the air smells like the ocean.
I am actually on ej's porch swing drinking whiskey reading WSJ mag happy as a clam judging watch ads. She says hello.
My ankle still hurts from when I fell in the parking garage on Sun. I managed to rip skin from it w/out wrecking my pantyhose. Pure talent!
so not funny! Haha it was hilarious sent this to all of my friends!
Congrats to our friends in Chicago for being listed as #6 -- well deserved!
I'm happy for you :D make sure you show them who's boss tho ;) haha
is not gettin off da phone
Strippers must be able to smell employment, or desperation, because they keep talking to takeo
thanks! :) I have another song coming tomorrow too!
There is no way to happiness, happiness is the way. ~Gautama Buddha
. Super couple indeed. We'll see how super this power play is.
Both teams starting to get some shooting momentum - it was looking a little scary there for a while!
The #Celtics got that Philly Cheese-steak dick
I respect Capricorns Aquarius Aries Cancer Leo Libra and Scorpios. Rest of yal mean lol
Love all the pics! Those were great days and even better memories! =)
Just met one of my favorite people ever.
Would you mind foollowing me back? If u dont it's allright :)
Anthony Hamilton on TJMS now
whenever I can man ill let ya know
Well I am headed to the great State of Ohio the middle of next week to let Yankee turkeys outsmart me.
Watching #CNN interview Auma Obama (sis of the prez) about her and Obama's dad divorcing and starting a new fam. I loved her response
Better to light a candle than curse the darkness.- Chinese Proverb
Dylan, Nathan, ean, & Anthony comin over. :)
Everyone Who Is Against Cyber Bullying Please Add A 'DeleteDigitalDrama' Badge To Your Avi Or Trend It Like This #DeleteDigitalDrama :)
certainly, 60 seconds of
What a different series this is going to be. Man, those Grizzlies were tough & scrappy. This is more of an attack kind of game.
Hanging out with the crew - can't wait to order a scarf! Make sure to check them out!!!
my restless mind just won't stay still. time for moving. or food. or a new hair color.
getting ready to start week 4 of p90x 2. damn i love it.
Thanks for dining with us! Looking forward to more sunshine ... & food on the patio!
Inbox >300 Monday, worked it down to 15 today! Now to get all that information out to you all in comprehensible form.
Have you read all The Percy Jackson books?
thanks for following! We've got some cool stuff planned. Feedback & suggestion from guys "in the know" like yourself is welcome!
Anyone know of any good poetry readings?
Strangely obsessed w/ that train wreck. “: Anyone watch 16 and Pregnant? These chicks are amusing whores. #16andPregnant”
I wish things could b like they used to
I wish!! lol I'm actually from the United States, New York to be exact. & I'm doing pretty good. How about you?
The course of true anything never does run smooth.-- Samuel Butler
So glad Ky BB national champs r there at the Derby! I think r going to place the roses!
I'm off this to work on the mix tape(s) Hit me the fuck up.
Tired man. .
It's over. The Nuggets season is over. I am sad ad frustrated.
I could go for some pizza rolls.
"Sixteen Candles" <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F>
i love you sissy, you're an amazing best friend ;*
Tearin' Up My Heart-*Nsync :D don't judge me!
I NEED TO STOP CAPPING PICTURES
MT “: Mitt Romney responds "I believe marriage is a relationship between a man and a woman and a woman and another woman."”
O will win and you guys painfully recognize that fact despite any poll cited.
Ugh FML SERIOUSLY!!!!!!! Only dumbasses send the wrong text!!!!
See you at Glen Eagle Square Sunday from 11am-1pm. It's a great fall festival with hayrides and free pumpkins for the first 300 kids!
what's up with the insane price increase on Olivio?
I wonder if this will still be a story if it turns out most of those 2000 come from the Cuban community?
Take at least 15 min a day for prayer and meditation. The benefits on heart health is amazing!
I like dat >>> ": I've been good! Just back home with the fam, Oxford misses you, but New york needs you! X"
that iu team. Has to be considered....that was a total team
One day we'll fool you. (This is a shared account.)
New student (to Jack): "Oh NSO? Yeah, I went to Plagiarism in Action!"
"We all have a purpose. Don't you think, Detective?"
I know my priorities.....just purchased tickets to the AMC Marvel movie day on May 3rd at the Burbank 16 theater....
THANK YOU! Had so much fun!
Btw , I think I figured out the camtasia problem. Can we chat later?
Google Refine it!
WOW I am such a dork I am so excited that I am almost at 100 followers someone should help me reach it thats my goal for tonight.
Be generous in prosperity, and thankful in adversity. Be fair in judgment, and guarded in speech.
I'm very curious to see if anyone attempts to answer that somewhat rhetorical question.
Leadership Mantra: Winning & Success take sacrifice.
I've had a full life.
met two newfoundlands today..they slobbered all over my hands...i think THEY need slobber snaks..what you think? lol
Good Morning stylistas and stylistos.... HAVE A GOOD DAY ON PURPOSE!!!
When we were kids, we wanted to growup. Now were big, and wanna be kids. Trust me you DONT want to growup.
hm we can demolish the dollar menu unless you tryna be fancy lol
how did you do in your #racquetball games? RT: Getting down in some racquetball with !
Menil Director JOSEF HELFENSTEIN shares one of his favorite films at the MFA Monday evening, 2/20: the critcally acclaimed LIVE AND BECOME.
Did you know that there are 10,000 different #wine grape varieties worldwide?
Only 10 more days until graduation weekend! Are you ready?
if nothing else, Adam McQuaid and Nathan Horton have earned themselves big raises this series.
thank god its friday
Have any questions or comments about Line Please? Contact us at
Re-organizing life after a great trip to Colorado Springs and the Indie Spirit Film Festival! Met so many great people!
you're welcome. Good luck to you!!
Need some CLI utility to clean up S3. I have been avoiding s3cmd, but I think it's what I am going to use.
From what I know or was told? Unfortunately yes! Social media, bloggers, etc. Tweetup
FTC charged sketchers with deceptive advertising
go ahead, step on that slinky on the stairs...it's only a spiral to HELL
well yeah and I will definatly since im planning to come to england for your wedding and then again for a trip
We're having technical problems on our website. We apologize and are working to fix the problem.
I think they're still the highest rated show on spike though. Lol
Hi Matthew, it's 2pm check in and 11am check out | Some late check out options available until midday upon request to us |
Carrots. Louis please come to Turkey. And follow me please? :D Love u so much. I love 1D . xx. :D
We're rolling towards DC! Track our progress at ict2dc.com and click on "Where Are They".
stop, woah, wiggle with it, yeah :)
and are WINNING!! Wanted the Illist is Charlie's favorite song!!
I'm laughing so hard watching Pranked xD
She sits, limp paw raised.
:) hope your slippers dry up, hahaha.
I guess I over estimated you? -
so why is it too early to drink?????
That's right bitches. #ChasingTheSunDay will be trending soon.
Yes. You absolutely could!
Good Luck to all our residents going abroad this semester!
Me:mom i got suspended..sign rite here people n the back: laughing ken: thats how we do it !
I'm I the only 1 who doesn't think vampires are sexy? What is it about some pale freak that gets u all horned up? Atleast fucking spray tan.
Fuck My Daddy Cause He...#WasntThereForMe!
Oh Egg Nog in my coffee, how I've missed you!
Oh I got it bad smh
I'm going to kill it tomorrow. 100 miles to Wyoming, Iowa!
Thanks for everyone helping. i don't think it's gonna work though :(
My roommate practicing conversations in the mirror before her date right now - Seriously Funny
But Hopefully Today Goes Better
I did. Thanks Angel. Hope you did as well.
Charles and I are starting a podcast tomorrow. If it goes well I'll add sex advice to it.
#AAFPALF and #AAFPNCSC inspired new family docs to join Twitter! Here are two more for the #FMRevolution: and
I miss my girl
I have to justify having a blog for my project. suggestions?
haha thank you! :) I love it as well Im glad you like it :) sorry it's taken me awhile to reply too :)
Me 2 Let me know how it is : Okay, I'm going with CASABLANCA for my evening movie, since (believe it or not) I've never seen it
you hittin the court today? come get these JORDAN shorts and ball out!!!
Wishing all our patients a spooktacular Halloween and safe Trick-or-Treating tonight!!
of course. <U+E413> Y
I kinda did.
I loved the Beastie boys. R.i.P Adam Yauch.
wow! Thank you... But it may be a bit hard to read at first glance for us. Where did you get the Poe face? Is it original?
Going to watch mol ball
lunch tomorrow? Or perhaps Friday would work better?
Evidently the market-makers aren't as narcissistic as the rest of us.
I agree..just another app to occupy my day...thats the last thing I needed
Stick to baseball Brian Anderson, you're a terrible bball announcer.
I can't sleep. Yet I have class at 10am.
Best wishes to our trainer Will and client Sarah as they run their marathon today!!!!!! Wahooooo!!!!!!
Thanks Tomo! Have a nice weekend .. more friends!
you're very welcome :-)
when are you coming to Miami?
Yo, thanks for the follow
Agree! Lived in Streatham for many years, in a fabulous Victorian mansion flat, that I could afford on a bus driver's wage.
really??? Yep. He is a direct relative. Haha
why don't we go straight to the death penalty?
getting there ;)
Drunk < High
next DJ worth going out for will prob be for birthday 05/21
my 300th tweet is just for you! So know that I love youu:) PS:Read this tweet like a song! xoxo :))
Turns out, I own a lot of creepy music.
To late for a big dinner. #Cereal it is!! ;-)
Thanks for the #FF mentions!
I've been hanging out in the #yalit section at bookstores lately. They esp love Tim O'Brien & Markus Zusak.
Everybody's workin' for the Weekend!
Rocking to colbie caillat on the way to my r and b gig.
I'm starving. Having to fast for bloodwork and I am totally missing my morning eggs. 1 more hour to go. Hope I don't pass out.
RT : #S.Epatha Merkerson/Rockell Metcalf made directorial debut w/# "The Contradiction of Fair Hope" powerful!!
Midnight launches are for the young. My Mass Effect 3 launch will have to wait until after lunch.
never heard of them r they heavy metal or alternative! !!
Will you ever follow me? <3 x4
Letterman's one liner will do more, in terms of awareness, than any NYT article. More people need to drive it home.
and knowing that we are leaving for the beach tonight, is gonna make it longer!
Nick now on his way to New Berlin. We've run 87 miles so far.
The best feelings are those that have no words to describe them.
You're far too kind. Cheers!
Yeah, not bad. That new blonde girl they got is pretty good too.
It's Wednesday! Let the music week begin. Tonight at and friends!
I'm so excited to watch and :D
One more week! Be stoked. Very stoked.
The Post Reality Show
can point out where Burma is. Why? Because we were colonized by the British not American and American never had a war with us!
And at least I know I have one part of James Bond down...I'm in shape, haha.
Hell yeah. Thanks! RT : Drive it like you stole it sister - love it! Congrats!!
Yay for helping me with a Physics problem!!
Thanks for the follow. Great to meet you.
nice work on Dramatic Song. Good choice of location too, I've been there and love it.
Coffee. Lawn Bags. Wood. Vodka. Strawberries. Basil. I've got quite the little Saturday planned.
Oh, for those of you who saw my tweet about coloring my hair, I decided not do it. Focusing in health and growth... Maybe next year.
you best be careful up there at NIU.
I'm at little stevies pizza. Talk about memories...
Its kinda getting old cowboys, stop sucking.
Really glad my follower count is going up :) you guys are awesome <3
In my webinar yesterday, I was shocked to hear the presenter ask if anyone was still using business cards! Is anyone NOT using them?
Shot, that's lifting time and we skipped one day already this week :(
Maryland! :( I miss Texas!!
Rain is good luck, Take 2! Go Mark and Erika! #MarkandErika 2012
Thank you so much! We will never stop!
Oh my nmai. The past and present collide in the circle of telematic embrace this thursday @ 2:30 pm EST.
the other day i was bored and i was gonna call felipe to come thru so i can whoop him at ping pong.. and then i remembered ;(
be careful
I just signed up for the "Derby Day" competition. Fingers crossed my Husband or I win.
Aww. Thank you ;A; that means a lot, really. Thank you <3
Great composure by Cincy, they could have folded. I give Tx alot of credit for the comeback.
in love with the university of south carolina<3
Channeling my inner Picasso at Wine and Canvas night at Mosaic Wine Bar in North Park!
Love your comment bout He's a sucker! Go Pens
I wanna be americas next top model. (x yeah right!
Yay i finally found the scripture i've wanted for i think a month now it's Psalm 139:17- How precious also are thy thoughts unto me, O God!
Thank you new followers! Wow, 426!
you're still getting them! You got one last year too
Wow, someone was shot and killed in front of the place I got my car repaired at.
I can google it. Does that help?
fog in caledonia and we are just waiting for the storms to roll through. Too quite right now.
In a perfect world
some part of me really wants to raise my hand in this class and ask, "yeah, but babies be buggin, RIGHT!"
I dont know why but it looks sort of like an Aston Martin....
We hope you are having a tremendous day!
I love the scent of burning white sage :)
i really can't take this anymore
Today's total: 41 signs from Clairemont that I got permission to remove! Great day!
Hope everybody is having the best day ever :)
Q3: A way that would allow patrons to find the books and materials they need. Or, by color. ;)
what about "computational"? Otherwise, you're stuck with "electronic" or something. I would suggest that digital is less active
this is love, this is war, its insanity
So much questions about tvd but I still love it like fuck !!!!
Google+ should change its name to Titanic+. Everyone was excited to get on it, but not many people survived the trip from Facebook.
well you tweeted me
Applied for the editorial assistant position with over the weekend! Crossing my fingers!
and I are going to see secret service at finnegans shhh dont tell
preach it gUuUurL
"aren't expected to do so," does that mean there is still a small chance the Rams will tag Lloyd or has it been confirmed they wont?
do u wanna DM me
I never ask for help, I take care of myself
A few more hours and my new #novel will be done. I promise a
Josh! How are you? xx
The Phillies have 11 extra-base hits in the previous two days. They had 11 in the entire week before that outburst. -- Matt Gelb ()
Flashy lights!
What?! Happy hour all day?! You got it!
I get drunk and I stumble to the phone, to conjure up a b*tch to bone when I'm alone...
thanks for the follow Chris! I look forward to seeing your tweets.
Twitter should have an automatic PMS detector and ban me when I set off their alerts. I feel like rage-tweeting.
"There is something that lurks within you. You are not here by accident,"
So excited for the season opener tonight!
Also why are the Knicks are trending!? *Insert Yipes reference here*
lol! Ur welcum! I like bi guys! They always know how to #fuck the bestest! & r the #kinkiest lol! ;P
In every age, mankind attempts to fabricate great works at once magnificent and impossible.
I agree!
Social data is the genome of your business because it provides the blueprint to make it stronger & healthier says
I like songs because of what they say. Rarely I like songs because of how they "sound". Any type of music is good with good lyrics<3<3
The roman empire was full of sex and greed. It's like a pre-America America.
KMSI Turns Nine - Over the past nine years, KMSI has become one of the largest learning technology providers in the industry and KMx is pro…
Jallyson Leyba. You make me smile and I can't hide it
playing with #googlewave. Need an invite?
It's good to see the dialogue taking place about 's #kony2012 campaign. It's important that we listen to different perspectives.
Just wanted to take time to say that ur performance was amazing and I'm jealous u got to meet Xtina lol. Luv u, drenching & Javier
Recently I learned niggas talk more then the females tho....
how much to put my music video on world star
"METTA WORLD PEACE" how you gunna have that name and then just straight "Canoe" that nigga with that elbow?
It hurts when something ends, but hurts even more when you cling to it, knowing it's not there...
haha always think of that simpsons episode
My spontaneously combusted; 1-year warranty is up. Buy a new one, or switch to a ? Too many cool trackers out there!
Great turnout Sunday at The Oakwood. Very excited for the new improv classes starting March 19th.
being totally renovated this year, lmk if you want a piece to remember it by.
ha- snow in April IS always that bad. Lest you forget my friend :) Don't be asking for that. haha. Thanks for the well wishes!
This is where I can ultimately fall on my own katana sword. #ItsHardTo be patient. Be patient young doka.
Sorry friend! Not even close........ nope, not even close.
need coffee!
bro name >> I'm fucking wit it the long way lbs
So get up on time and have breakfast “: I'm so not on it today!! I blame it on not having breakfast.”
lol I'm just sayin man. Fuck that. Wouldn't be me!
If you haven't heard about The Ettes yet, you have now. Go buy, download, whatever you have to do - AMAZING
would you really want to crowdsource your decisions about whom to be friends with (in real in person have-a-cup-of-non-virtual-coffee life)?
sunshine in LA LA land with my parents......sunset party at the Getty this evening!
Ron Artest antics don't surprise me
Being in Penn Station is like waking from a dream that makes no sense.I was having pizza,but then some guy peed while a couple was fighting.
We just got some new *Atmos Raw*
Now you're losing followers....how's that work?
<--- secret ninja
That awkward moment when everyone starts texting you asking you about your fight and you're just like YOLO
Please congratulate and ! They are now college graduates!!
Eff reading for English
34.4% of people exp #homelessness in the #rva region use facebook, twitter, or another social media site.
walmart lovers tweet. Classy people in a classy joint. ;)
The painting included in last tweet, which is on display in our "Confederate Years" exhibit, was painted by Pea Ridge vet Sgt. Hunt Wilson.
50 cent wings from Chubby's Cheese Steaks this week only! www.brewcitybites.com
: Feeling super cool right now, , the author of "Accidental Asian" a book I love RTed me!
Annie, DUH!
"Judy Is A Punk" was really about Ms. Collins and her CBGBs days.
I Hate People Walking Behind Mhe Cause Dey Mite Hit Mhe
I've never had one..
bite me
Bucks come up with terrible chances at the end of an important game, sounds familiar
Lol the boy a natural born leader he don't care if ur older or not. Did y'all run da play???
Stopped at Red Emmas yesterday & stepped back-in-time to what coffeehouses used to look like during the 90's coffeehouse surge.
Ehmagawd! Just made a twitter! I hope accepts me to be in her PC!
Loving the work for the Area 1 Scholarships - so many talented, committed people.
Mail Masters just acquired another direct mailer and we are getting ready to roll out some announcements.
She smile wit a gorgus face yeah it recognized at times
Mane im stuck!
My goodness! lol.
Wishing you the best.
I just love how my mom will sit there talking about me when I am sitting in the other room and can hear EVERYTHING -_-
Colorado Rockies' Jamie Moyer, 49, becomes the oldest pitcher to ever win a major league game.
Can't decide if is great or in bad taste, but I'm following it either way.
tommorrow night, we reunite. oo that rhymed im cool
howdy! And aloha!
Please help get 2,000 followers & 5 free copies of my cover will be given away. Winners will be contacted Monday morning.
we will be setting up a pre-order system here soon
Tried to use the clothesline. Nope. Too windy. Dryer it is.
I did the red hawk, so youll recognize me
Role of Wikipedia: often still seen as pariah rather than teaching tool
FEEL FREE TO VISIT THE FAN PAGE AND LEAVE A COMMENT THANK YOU
who misses a a huge free throw like that? like god damn your in the NBA
Yea I am
gross what happened
With the company prospective point of view today we did a fantastic work !!!
Teaching google earth next week - so much to remember
Maxine is moving out already <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
Goal! Blackhawks win in OT, good game.
Don't for get about !
riddle me this: are #paper.li and #storify pretty much the EXACT same thing?
I'm glad its some good nba games on tv today
When American hip hop merely makes money for rich white entertainment CEO's, it becomes a tool of oppression. Truth and money do not mix.
Speak brother.
and surround him with Jose Lind, Stan Belinda and Barry Bonds
Delayed response, but thank you for letting us work with your students! Dominique says "It was a great experience."
Feel like a <U+2729> with #customTee !!
: "we lose the opportunity to BE 8th graders in the face of testing and standards." How do we build other forms of assessment in?
; my bad i'm just now seeing this & no i'm not
flipped math classroom stressed my slower worker out. He likes to do problems alone with no competition over speed. interesting outcome.
RT : we have a new look: check it: www.starfishgirls.net
Medicare picks region as a test site - Albany Times Union
I only keep your number in my phone, so I know not to answer when you call.
I never feel like wrapping my hair up at night the shit takes too long
RT : Here's what we're doing, people: I offer you free GOTHAM-themed booze and books. Enter your book club. I hate thirst....
Pro Re Nata => For an occasion as it arises
"Know your enemy, know his sword." -Miyamoto Musashi
Hard work spotlights the character of people: some turn up their sleeves, some turn up their noses & some don't turn up at all. -Sam Ewing
Thanks for the insights! Talk to you next Monday!
That's what I figured. Have fun. See you guys bright and early.
Tonight 7pm at Cameli's 699 Ponce De Leon Ave - Hear about WonderGlo and how you can help. Need artists, handy folk, hard workers, friends!
<U+2730> #OnlineBusiness Tip: On #LinkedIn... ask questions and answer questions.
I thought it was called The Whalen.
": Humble yourself to God's will, not yours."
Add me via Twitter and I will DM you. I'll Add you to the list.
you don't know what it's like.. to love somebody.. the way i love you. <3:$
Im posted wit my bitches dey like how u do it? dese niggas be on my dick.. i be fuqn coolin..! (LIL G <3)
You can't call yourself real if you ain't loyal.
so sore from getting back to the gym this week
no, but I swear that entered my mind a minute later!
Someone actually wrote an article questioning whether Brittney Griner should be drafted by the NBA. Wow. Child. Please.
Swag is for boys, class is for men
"Let's do lunch" -me to dog before making a sandwich
iDefine has gone INTERNATIONAL! We've obtained our first sales out of both Japan and Australia!! Thanks for all the support.
and I will be out tonight!!
its jesse!
stear clear of the pork and the white women,an if u fuck em tell ya momma she just lite skinneded.
don't ruin my day with this crap!
Going on 1 hour now waiting to see the doctor. Z......
“How am I going to live today in order to create the tomorrow I'm committed to?” #Anthony Robbins
I'll be there!
Did you know that we now carry Jane Iredale Products?
If you haven't signed up already...sign up on BBJ's Twitter account and join our 500+ followers. Go BBJ!!!
Not a bad morning <U+263A>
Okay. Thanks.
So... I got offered a job... Anyone know a writer should get for a screen play treatment? (30 minute short film).
thanks for the follow. I am looking forward to learning more about your company
Up to 30 % of seniors’ today face partial vision loss at the hands of macular degeneration.
it's a movement!! Why can I not retweet u?
Salnave Always Getting in trouble lmaoo
But, my feel bad hurts :( and you're my favorite sisturrrrr :)
Just like he did when he did walk the earth. The world really hasn't changed that much since his time.
#Wizards actually beat the #Thunder last night. Their win streak is now at 1. Avg tix: $24 via Fan Cost X iPhone app.
wishing you the Happiest of Holidays
Looks like #Phish is going to announce #summertour!!! Their website isn't loading right, 1 page says "Summer 2012 | Phish" only mentions
Vegas j. What's up my dude
Will our song "Earth" be the heaviest song ever? Possibly... ;3
they are a perfect mixture of bitterness, ratchetivity, real nigga thoughts, and comic relief.
Cards already taking advantage of Lucroy's sluggishness getting the ball to 2nd. Seasons over folks
I think I might!
About to watch a child birth video in HOPE. Its funny all the kids freaking out XD Its how you got here guys:P
Faith is taking the first step even when you don't see the whole staircase. ~Martin Luther King, Jr.
I Walked Out From The Shower And Moms Yelling ? What Did Do ? -.-
Please, $50 because that's all I have lol
Need new followers, bro lol
Budweiser going old school with soundtrack from The Natural & now Al Michaels "Miracle" call. Sweet.
Rebound, Turnover, Rebound, Turnover, Rebound, Turnover, TV Timeout = watching Northwestern basketball on ESPN iPad app.
WAT IT DO BRUH? FOLLOW ME BACK, AND WE GOTTA DO A TRACK TOGETHER
Spring Break. #ohyeah!
Ah. It happens. I'm alive and healthy! That's more than most innit!
i dont think I got anymore a.m. workouts in me lol
I made lasagna over the weekend. It turned out so good that everybody turned into Garfields.
Every time we sit for a meal, is a chance to regain balance. - Maharish Ayurveda
Sad you disappeared after being punked. C'mon business man, where's this illusive lawyer? You know what illusive means?
sorry...Hyatt wants $500 for Internet access in the room. Doesn't make sense for 3 hours.
Very Soon. Stay Posted G
Yup so the next fight WILL have to be pacman vs. Mayweather. Srsly
How'd your blig transfers go? Hope it all workd out well for you!
on our way to Syracuse, where's the UK hangout before the game.
You there? I think we're gonna take another
I never start something that I am not going to fi
Mixed outlook for Bitterroot Valley elk - The Missoulian
thank you. You're right, we'll take them anyway we can while trying to get back on top.
The first one psychologically raped me. It was absolutely terrifying.
Clayton. We miss you and
Of the 6 who went int the mens room, only 5 of them were dressed as male figures. Party!
Burned off a few chocolate covered peanut butter buckeyes tonight. (Only half dozen more to go.)
Supe. David Campos and Asm. Tom Ammiano MT Public Press story in SFBG opinion piece on businesses keeping Healthy SF fees.
Congrats Packers...well deserved. Now let's all get out of Dallas before we get another 1/2 inch of snow and everything shuts down!
Is it the freckles you love about our faces or...?
Less that a mile from my home! I'm going to go check it out!
I'd be more excited if you remembered my Twitter handle. Smile.
“ lmfao you at 200 followers .....everybody go follow him he live af :)”
yeah I'll save you with mouth to mouth;) or I'll tell Anthony to.?(;
Never play for a tie score. Go for the win.
You were into acting in school? Did you play any main roles? :)
- thanks for the RT!
Drawing from my inner today for motivation to begin and complete my ride.
RT : When there are live #twitter events for TV shows, the ratings go up 1% says
You're so sweet! Thanks Talor!!!
I can see my desk again! The new year can officially start now.
Guess what happens on 7th & Grand? The local leaves me owing yo overcrowding. So if you are from or need to go to South LA get a car.
Yeah let's just move it to next weekend so I have all weekend and week to ask!! :)
lmao your welcome :D miss you to :)
im terrified of thunder and lightning. :((( curling up in bedd for a while. yuup, sounds good.
Question why would Olivia say u was wrong When Yandy kept startin sh!t? Dancin, runin her mouth? Not doin her job
At the #milwaukeealehouse with my pi phi sisters
“: #SomeoneIWantToMeet (:” I want to meet you too! :)
Like a Boesch.
Holy gosh dang cripes! Congrats to the #lakings on their win!
Northpark has a dress code now? One more reason why I won't be going to that fuck ass mall. Fuck outta here with that.
Need some retail therapy to cure the rainy-day blues? Come see us! Lots of fab new clothing & accessories in store.
When you plan for a game - how long should an institution imagine the life span of it? Could it evolve as environs change?
zumba!!!! kicked my a** so in return i kicked its a**!
The new years resolution still going strong. New things, Flew alone, learned to shoot, relocated. Hhhmm what else for 2012
omg thank you so so much for following me i love you <U+E328>
girl u aint nobody
california and you :)
No, I'm an idiot! Trust me on this. :-)
oh I didn't even know Stephy was coming yay!
OK SEE U IN LA
hostel booked for the first thursday and friday nights!
China Cabinet Buffet Hutch with Carved Detail in Brown Cherry Finish
A book is coming to be called LACALIFLAND We are thinking a price range between $25 - $45 :D
Lazy Faculty Scandal: No students will be taught during the time I spend walking to the vending machine for a pop tart. #dayofhighered !
#FF She learns the A through Z of everything... well, maybe not the G, the O, or the P. But she's cool with that. :)
My phones not charging -_-
That's all you can do! Stay strong Suzi. Have a wonderful day :)
hahahahhahahahah tehe (; so what happened with waffle? i havent heard form her in forevs
#Cash for Keeping Your Neighborhood Clean & making Baltimore a great place to grow. Call 311 for info. Please RT & share w/ followers!
Girls go so hard for lax hahaha
What's with all the zombie baby halloween decorations at the costume store...
how sad of you I'm really sorry
Gotta go 2 #GettyVilla So beautiful!
Is asking herself how she could get to follow her...
haha, not arguing with you on those points. But I may rename you Oscar the Grouch.
There is only one way... to get anybody to do anything. And that is by making the other person want to do it. ~Dale Carnegie
RT : As an NFL owner, I DO NOT approve the lockout. That Packer stock has to mean something. Stand up people.
what that suppose to mean
Happy Cince de Mayo!
Brb, I'ma take shit :)
I let the swag do the talking I don't say too much
THAT IS THE MOST EGREGIOUS MOVING SCREEN EVER. HE LITERALLY NEVER STOPPED. HE TRIED TO TACKLE HIM.
lmao you go girl! Safe travels
Please <U+E41D> help me get to
Ugh work :-/ missing my hubby
I wonder, do i have any female freinds like that, or maybe that rule don't apply to me ?
any opinions on a 2004 Hundai Santa Fe???
You know you want to.
Nothing says college like crumbs in the butter.
A blog creates 55% more site traffic
it's the yummiest burger I've had in long time!
“: Bad: Waking up and finding a penis thats been drawn on your face. Worse: Finding out it was traced.”
I dont want to work today! Fuck
RT : anyone know someone that does t-shirts.not a crap company, like someone they know=>contact guy great prices!
this I need to see! Have it online anywhere?
The official luggage of the Paul and young ron show?
She's amazing! (:
If your daily life seems poor, do not blame it; blame yourself that you are not poet enough to call forth its riches... - Rilke
same here
Can't believe Jeremy Lin actually got me to buy tix to a basketball game. It is "Linsanity"!
Weekly news: startups in Eastern Europe
Distracted by the interesting fishnets at #roots12. Data training had no chance.
I would love to be back at work by at least 330
Don't restrict yourself. Many people limit themselves to what they consider they may do. You can go as far as your mind lets you.
Followed :0 P.s. im from NYC too xD
everyone go follow him!
Bookholders is bring back the 90's! Come jam out to the oldies and make a little cash while you do by selling your old books.
Jeez. Is there any particular reason I'm being subjected to Whitney Houston's GH at Diesel Cafe, a normally subversive establishment? Yikes.
m, unffff that's attractive. (; haha
Thank you :)
Thank you!xx
#ReplaceFilmTitlesWithVagina "V for Vagina"
What about Sunday or Monday of Memorial weekend?
started off slow, a guy sang it. Guitar song maybe?
lol! Thanks Amy and right back atcha!
One Direction was on Rai..how cute:) #One Direction
Sometimes we don't grow beyond who we were forced to be.
Happy Birthday my G live in the moment today!!!!
Thanks for the mention! We hope this can help ease the anxiety about food allergies in the new school year!
Second #earthquake today in #berkeley. Did yall feel that?
Just checked out the poster for Jesse Griffith's short film entry "Cockpit" starring Ronny Cox, what iconic imagery...terrific stuff.
Sort of.. haha. He was all scared.
I am a decent and genuine person...but when you hurt my kids, I will put you through twice the pain you put them through...Sound fair?
OK, all you tweeters who said this would change my life...make it happen.
Evelyn don't cry now faker! No one can talk about you and yours but you can talk abt others! Y'all BIRDS need to stop!
or just start violently jerking off. Then deny everything when they complain
What a game. Thunder crowd unbelievable.
Help me choose... Kindle Fire or Nook Color? I can't decide!
That awkward moment when you're ready to fuck her, pull your dick out, she gabs it, & starts laughing at how small your shit is!
The sky's been teasing like a school girl. GIVE US RAIN!
My bro thinks he is getting the iPod tomorrow.
Your BEAUTIFUL(: ... GoodMorning!
It was Santa!!! Hehe
Users want their data aggregated. One stop shop. Walker
Why must kid cudi be so amazing.? <3
I HAVE A PSYCHOLOGY EXAM ON WEDNSDAY?!?!?! WHY WAS I NOT WARNED ABOUT THIS EARLIER????!!!!!
RT : Hugely enjoyed being on 's #ebksmt panel this morning -- thanks, all! #dpla Thank you!
Just 90 mins left to take advantage of our deal. $125 of services for just $50!!! Save 60%!!!
1st day back at work and I have a stress headache that 7 aspirin can't begin to put a dent in...
"Come on... Let's twist again! Like we did last summer..."
Heineken, and pizza, what a treat...... dont forget take a drink and pass it on
Seeing Wrath of the Titans tomorrow with <3
class in a bit, not nervous nor excited.
Yes i am wheezy but i aint asmatic.
Glad you liked it! RT : just had the best #burger of my LIFE at Now on my to-do list every trip to
So now I can catch the big trucks with the "How's my driving?" phone number when they cut me off.. among other things
Monte Carlo for the fight...let's go
any huge Packer fan deserves a follow
The very first time a baby laughs, a fairy is born.
the second half is a breeze. Handle it.
Yup.... It sucks o well gatta do it
lol leave alone!
yes! that was awesome.
and : Thanks so much for the follow! Have a happy Friday. :)
hey look, my tweet is up on the big sign!!!!!!!!!
iight.... Msg me to line..
Twestival Baltimore needs HELP from our Twitter friends. Know any potential sponsors? DM us. Plz RT.
Did anyone read me and 's convo?! DHKD WHAT IF JAKE READ THE WHOLE THING LOL
Friday ladies its going down same spot new week
Ok my next best dressed..Gwyneth Paltrow, her look is flawless!! and she is rocking a cape. BOOM!!
Vladamir Guerrero is officially a Toronto Blue Jay after inking a minor league deal.
Can't wait for dance club tomorrow
Niggas got me heated dis morning...
To curb over population issues, we should just shoot everyone that orders from Starbucks while on their phone.
Me: How are you doing? ghetto girl: FINE! (with tude) [Convo Over] Gotta love ghetto girls! Lol
Brainstorming ideas for Delicious Licks merchandise today!
I think the worst things is he was right about you and I was terribly wrong. All that time...he was right.
#Tanningmom will be talked about for a min atleast she famous now
JoePa was a great coach don't get me wrong, but he was not the best ever. He was hired at a good football school and was nearly a sideline
If you arent checking out the faboo you are missing out! What a wonderful spot; glad we are members, and you should be too :)
lol hey miss manipulative! I won't let u party! I have to be a responsible sister :)
thanks so much!!
Met high energy people last year from Austin. On the fence about going this year. Wondering if "Gay Burners" is served by going
Just Need Rest Angel.:))
Blackmon would be nice. if they trade out of #4 spot my guess is he'll be gone.
Also, don't forget to include the first -h in "whether." Unless you actually are writing about a castrated ram.
you should start a Keek.
#McFarland to #LPR2011 - what are you not seeing in middle east? -- no american flag burning! first time in a long time.
Everyone in favor of a 4 day work week raise you right hand now... or virtually raise your right hand now.
How soon until we can call this: The New Orleans Oil Party?
I did the really distressed "It's a COOKBOOK" in the middle of Barnes and Noble the other day. TZ fans are a special bunch.
In seven years, you can be one of the best people in the world at what you do.
today is a sweet, sweet day.
At gay pride on corner of 14th and rhode island!
True freaks stay freaks from day to night...
#Rangers with a tough loss. So many missed opportunities
Derek Beaulieu: "Louis writes. Susan writes. Nevel writes. I cannot write."
but of course! You've always got a place with us :) now let's get a tour in together and cement this love affair ;)
Go to sleep... why you up so early?
Give 'em a week
Human beings by nature want happiness and do not want suffering
going to bed since i have nothing to do and no phone to talk too someone on :'(
MT : I'm playing at tomorrow night from 10pm - 2am. Come see me!
Pizzaa On A Fridayy Nightt . Up All Nightt , With Thee Boy You Like . Best Feeling !
she so cool man... Her Carmel cake is a fool!!!!
yes this is true
Voight-Kampff question: You pass a young woman in a busy crosswalk. She is talking on a cell phone and openly weeping. How do you feel?
come on thunder...
"Support for weekday mornings is made possible by coffee."
It's really fun up here right now! But you probably wouldn't want to have any fun. As you were then.
Just passed up chocolate. I am a willpower machine!!!
I feel like I'm driving in Seattle right now!
RT if you hate people and the music is the one who understands you
If you're going to start a battle, be prepared for a war.
in June...
That was such an interesting story! Thanks for the mention.
Looking forward to the Live Broadcast and the show Saturday Night
Fear of failure is one attitude that will keep you at the same point in your life. Byron Pulsifer
I recommend never watching Glee again.
This camp is a Collaborative initiative that includes ND's Hesburgh Libraries, Multi-Cultural Student Services, Talent Search! So excited!
“: its because Grandfathers did it, right? right?” NICE! Lol
you must be pretty smart then
A real decision is measured by the fact that you've taken a new action. If there's no action, you haven't truly decided. - Tony Robbins
lmfao! He hacked me D:
great!!!! Thank you!!! Now I can export my databases and move my sites.
Getting ready for some Margareta's, beers and a big Nuggets WIN!!
I spoke to a Special Ed teacher today. I told him how I tested gifted in SpEd. He said, "The new term for retards like you is, Exceptional."
Solid start to his career I'd say RT : RT : Dylan Bundy. 13 IP, 0 H, 0 R, 21 K's.
It's hot is ATL but it is kool under this tree <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A8><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A8><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A8>breezy
tattin and partyin at my suite at the cosmo
Juana tells her heartbreaking story: police stopped & arrested me. I was 9 mos pregnant
Connecticut, on Long Island Sound
We got a fuckin math test tommorow
I don't need anger management I just need people to stop pissing me off...
finally some closure!! Thanks brother!
yay such a good album! good reason for your itunes to explode
order from and show me your receipt and get $10.00 off an oil change. We come to you for a change
im glad i have a twitter. i can let out all my pain and nobody will judge me. thanks guys. <3
Sumthin big is always set in stone years b4 to happen but to understand it your going to have to pay attention n belive in your imagination
thanks for this and the RT!
#Christie tries to rally support for tax cut by calling legislators hypocrites for questioning his fiscal responsibility
yes and no lol he is like inyusha without the dog ears
So i just read thru my daily spam list of people talking shit and spreading rumors about me... Oh how i love those messages lmfao! Smh
Would love to read it but have Nook Color not Kindle :(
Whoever decided that selling strawberry muffins at Sam's Club was a good idea is a god
no actually i did,from like yesterday
« Wtf me and my weird ass cravings! popcorn with nacho cheese? Wtf ._.» *vanilla ice cream and pickles.
"People say others are nice when they can't think of anything else that's positive"
Damn toniqht would be the perfect niqht two cake
Sexy!! Cool pic
happy birthday (:
Playing @ Threadgill's (South) in Austin, TX tomorrow night. Show is 8-10!
thats a hot new feature 5 years ago
Let your smile change the world... But don't let the world change your smile :)
ii can't believe im so mad this early in the fckn morning!
Ugh hate the rain :/
Side note: Albert Pujols finished dead-last in the AL voting : NL Player of the Month is , by unanimous vote.
I can't think of a better way to spend today than outside. Guess what else is outside? The Great Heartland Cookout! Get your tickets now!
Really? HA I knew I liked you for a reason! *passes you cuppa* Slainte mo chara :)
Everyone shld invest in a pillow pet.
GTK: Page rank is the classic way to determine relevancy, determined by the number of inbound links and the quality of those sites.
Help Valentine drivers now($8/bqt) to all NW towns. Come to dispatch: 96 Front St N Issaquah 98027 Cascade 24 Hour Florists
I look forward to the Serenity-esque feature film resolution. Get thee to the writers room and make it happen! :)
The maker of the Pete the Pocorn jacket
@ La Ribera. Pilot rewriting time!
I know, probably not worth it.
Currently listening to: Billy Anne Crews - Gasoline
Just finished my AP World History homework after 4hrs in Panera.
your so lucky I wish I could go to sleep but its only 550 here a d im exhausted!-.-
ugh is it normal to have to wait 45 minutes after my genius bar appointment
Love it.
I want a red or black<333 I'm jealous
“There is no surer way to screw up an experiment than to be certain of its outcome.” ~ Stuart Firestein
But isn't it a question of judgment? Do what you do but don't be dumb about it. It makes me question yr critical thinking
Let's get a win! Here we go. Fire up Sporting Explore.
Sigh. On Twitter for 5 minutes and already got some Apparently I can be my own boss! Good to be back.
yeah i say loose the N.
Last week of school :) too sikeddd
shocked you put a season spoiler on cover but I'm lovin' all the gossip. Keep it coming!
I'm going to cry. Legitly. Might as well end my life right now. Oh my god. What's her username?
Summers Coming
Can't help but wonder...
YMCMB = Y'all Mad Cole Much Better >>>>>>>
sinus pressure. just. die. already.
Just uncovered another ole gem of a to do list. This one goes a little like this: cat medicine, glasses, lease, chi, toys. (Toys?!)
You look like your Mama, Ry! How lucky are YOU? ;)
FOAM PARTY FINNA SLAP TOMORROW @ H2 LOUNGE
EdCamp Columbus will take place on Saturday, March 3, 2012 at Upper Arlington High School, 1650 Ridgeview Rd, Columbus, OH 43221.
RT : Got The Real Italian from and it was glorious!
Who else is watching the O's in Extras?
- its playing The Clash now, which is awesome. Rock the Casbah. :)
Delicious fajitas @ the #120League scholarship benefit!
i just wanna go back to london :/
Why is my Droid battery dying even faster than normal? It was off most of the day and when I turned it on it dropped very quickly to 20%.
thanks, Captain Obvious.
Hypocrisy: Congressmen who tout support for veterans after avoiding service themselves.
thanks, Diane. I was so happy to get that shot, and I'm always happy to be in the and garden
Had a blast at the Auten family reunion with and Jill!
"Tu es aveugle, ref!" -- just practicing my French curses for tonight's #SKC game.
still has a few subscriptions available for November.
Hey, thanks for the RT earlier :)
I feel you fasho. Let's go have a drink for him Fri.
Awesome - sounds like a deal, let's make it happen cap'n!
s/o to all my new followers! RT your friends and have them follow me and my artists!
Out tonite with & nicole (:
Chicago Doctor Claims New Procedure Fixes Cellulite with One Treatment - MyFox Chicago
Shoulda gotten Jonathan Martin or your boy Hill
Tomorrow is We Still Dream's CD Release w/ This Day Will Tell, Coming This Fall, & MORE! Then we go on tour!!!
Don't you mean Rick Rac Rock and Rolling?!?
Scanner monitor: Too many to count but hearing many calls for I-225 accidents.
I feel so good that everyone is tweeting the TT. I made up :D what would you do if you dated an MB. Member? #ifidatedaMBmember .... -Chels
If you were listening to the show it has more context than just coming at you random like that.
Loved Melancholia. So beautiful, so unexpected (yet expected for a LvT). Whatever you do, don't miss the first 7 minutes!
RT : I'm just glad they blogged unlike your group. :)
Congratulations! That's pretty awesome. Time to get him in his first Bumpy Pitch swag. Love the name Micah, btw.
call me when done then lol
#FollowFriday Captains of #Cruise Fun: (via )
Privatization can help pave the way for greater equity and bolster school improvement in the poorest districts.
about to kick ass on some new vegas.. my xbox name is shucksash.. what..
The Bobbie captures Thanksgiving as it's SUPPOSED to be: thankful and delicious. Unlike the holiday--seeing your in-laws.
shaved my leggggsssss (:
Ah! fair enough. :) That's awesome.
Watching the first season of Laguna Beach.
Scarlett tweets you shall get! Maybe even a pic or two if they let me. Thanks for the follow!
Treating #orthopedic disorders with #thaiacupressure in the style of the Wat Po School in Bangkok, Thailand via Noam Tyroler.
#in meeting Cisco's top customers at Marriott Santa Clara this week
Had a dream was singing dig to and she started crying... HAHA.
drink some rumpleminz if you're a real partier.
Days like these make you wish there was a new social network so you could post about how great today was.
The man who strikes first admits that his ideas have given out.
I'm with ya!
great update on Mary! Another uplifting read!!
Pizza & hockey with my neighbs.
your beautiful babe!
They are repaving the sidewalks so all the pavement is wet- of course I didn't REALIZE that. And now I need new shoes.
Gandering at things you want, but can't have. At least, that's how I eventually doze off lol
I watched the first three episodes of the show and I have to say, it's pretty good! Danny Huston is crazy.
Thanks guys!
Blelvis is back in town and swung by #sourcefest. "What's the best nation in the world? A DOnation!". (true for nonprofits as well...)
Be aware that the pound of flesh each parent seeks from the other may well come from your child.
It's funny how your face is 10 times as tan as the rest of your body.
do you think there's an actor ego issue to consider as well?
haha yeah. i hope she dies of dysentery.
sounds about right. I just told Desperate Housewives to go eff itself for making me cry.
Justin Bieber & 50 Cent???
HAPPY BIRTHDAY
I'm serious as well!!
I bet is :-( about G+; at least it's a bright day!
Tebowtees.com Get your Tebow gear here!
Thinking of going to the doctor
well youre consistency is awesome and you tweeted lyrics when i played guitar for them =) ill keep that in mind, keep it up!
RT : The first step towards getting somewhere is to decide that you are not going to stay where you are. -J.P. Morgan
I don't remember ever being so excited for a record before!!
I miss you both already. Sorry no in-person good byes!!
Are you a key tag holder? Do you have key tag #1115539? If so, we've got a member reward for you! DM us!
This a creative #QR codes plan for Victoria Secret? Lingerie QR scans earns loyalty points.
Ann Marie rippin up that fiddle!
If I don't go, I'm never gonna go.... so I better get going
do average girls go on social networks often? :P
#weirdfactsaboutme I've been salsa dancing for a few years now
Just read your other posts. Didn't recognize you were talking about it lol.
Dear Little Caesar's, thanks for the Cold and Was Ready Hours Ago.
Something that will integrate with Windows 8 and end up delayed and rubbish
thank you happy cinco de mayo
will there be a ghc2010 iPhone app?
Have fun!
I take that as a I forgive u lol
I'm taking one for the team
We will always remember MCA.
Seeing the guy you confessed that you think he's hot when you were drunk at school >>
Newt is just dreaming of a future where men can divorce cancer-ridden women on whatever wherever in the solar system they choose to.
doesn't like my tweets. how do I live with myself.. help me tom cruise
go giants baby! I predict they win the super bowl
Just walked in to the Youth Violence Summit! Hope these guys are ready to fill Sam's shoes regarding this important issue.
- really Brookfield, are you kidding me? Want me to pick it up and overnight it to you - that seems nuts.
You can roast agave underground, bake in ornos in adobe or stainless, bake in autoclaves. all these methods affect the tequila
tripping on a dude that told me he is a time traveler...my shallow lady friend asked what should she throw away in her closet
I have way too much crap on my dvr
RT : Chances an NBA labor deal gets done by Monday? I say 5% and that's generous. I'll tell you why tonight on
Good Morning! Digging into turkey sausage links & hashbrowns.
Just heard them announce that DJO needs to get to his flight before it leaves without him. Run dude!
but i promise i let you know! love you with all my heart bestie number one <3
I'm over 1000 tweets ah!
I'm space bound , fuck earth
Game 5 tonight in Arlington!
I remember those. As I remember they weren't that tasty neither.
Open your heart up to the magic of THIS moment ;-) Yep-this one! Love On!
I have the most beautiful daughters in the world.
So windy at Eric Kahnert's live shot we could barely hear him on at 9pm. We'll update the High Wind Warning at 10pm.
Freaking CITY OF CHICAGO decides. Oh well today we are gona to cut the trees in ur street and make AS MUCH NOISE aspossible with our machine
So why aren't you guys coming to #SEATTLE I'm very sad and dissapointed you're skipping us.
Ha ha ha ha!! I Think you wld Lose this 1 too
tell me you played them Pet Sounds in its entirety.
Do you think Jesus likes cheese??
so u comin
Then text me back :)
My suitcase was too heavy because of my September Vogue. #typical. Maine here we come!
no problemo buddy!
'm not understanding;We know he was Gay,are you coming out as TG?
Hey so my birthdays In 4 days & I'm hoping I get noticed by you(:
Bernie's burger bus! The best burgers I have found in houston. Heading there now!
Lol...just had a 40 minute mini rap concert after i got out the shower...i dropped those BARS.....
Apartment hunting
Sometimes the most difficult part of coding is working with the repository.
Moms tryna put me in boarding school. She just got slapped .
Got paid from UPS yesterday and today someone came by my house and gave.me $600. only one week in the game and I love it.
Atlantic business site name unveiled as Quartz/ I don't hate it! That's a win. (via )
YEAH SO HOW YOU
My mom went to the store and bought like EVERYTHING. We have enough food that'd last us through the Holocaust.
There is no Lucky Strike in Louisville anymore.... Update your info....
can't wait to see u boo
Didja know you are our favorite RN? Thanks for the mention!! Have a great weekend--
You be scratching me up.
Morty's Comedy Joint (MortysComedy) thanks for the follow.
what are you doing on twitter?
Sign up for our "Tea-Tini Hour" with 5th and Wine July 14th! Call to make sure you get a spot!
Huge props to for remembering the phone charger. Plugging in now Hope I don't blow the fuse for the beer caddy!
we will hunt you down and raise hell. Franklin's boss.
I'll take The Rapist for $400. Umm that's Therapist Mr. Connery...
It's my birthday an 5 other people including Brittany so happy birthday love u
it never gets old!!
In the mood to do something crazy! Lol
I don't even mean gold-plated famous brands. I'm just talking about any brand recognized in its area. Could be a community college
watching "Ugly Betty" so damn funny. :D Season 1 , episode 14 .. soo old. 2006
Why do moms celebrate their babies monthly birthdays... I don't get it.
OMG so tired
His cake says " Happy Birthday Jacob " I thought they was in the witness protection program & couldnt give they names out ! Lmaoo
Was just reminded that making a sales call to someone in the process of shoveling 20" of snow is not a good use of your time or theirs
"Good enough never is." ~ Debbi Fields
maybe they should pull an #HP stunt and sell them for $99... I would buy 5 of them
Editing my husband's book on internet dating is hilarious. All these young women so hopeful that he's the one. But I'm the lucky winner.
Sometimes you just legitimately need to listen to Rick Astley.
The weather in #Boston is great and the field is boring at best. Sorry #PGA but I would rather go watch grass grow than #Golf :(
Please DM us with any suggestions/enhancements to this campaign. You're the man.
Follow he's an amazing singer
Talk to the <U+270B>
Actors create experiences they have never had.
Happy Friday the 13th
this is telling my age but so very true I remember listening to games at the kitchen table with my mom before TV coverage of game
I've seen more statuses/tweets bashing people for posting about 4.20 than I've seen people posting about 4.20......
SmartSynch, Inc. announced as a sponsor & exhibitor at the Smart Grid Implementation Summit!
"Ya got too much green up there!" My four-year-old coaching us on "Where's My Water?"
cats and computers belong together! RT : I'm going to start a tech blog that only posts happy thoughts and pictures of baby kittens.
Great meeting you at the #Callaway60 tweetup today!
Watch David on Fox 5 Lead story about faulty DC breathalyzer machines
That is the worst. At least it stopped raining.....
's gin instead of vodka.
Yeah, I can usually only take one rain game a year...
So, it's storming... and I was about to drive back to KC... but I'm not too keen on being sucked up by a tornado while on I-70.
Pretty bummed that we didn't spend some quality time at the sparkly bar eating gold fish
watching Father Ted. forgotten how brilliant it is.
I see in my BlogWorld session. I sure hope to get to meet her in person :)
He's gotta hold on me, but im not the type to stay somewhere i dont wanna be....
Ed and Taylor... Interesting. Curious as to how a collab between the two would sound like.
Follow because he's nice <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
I couldn't agree more, John.
Some sick looking booths going up on the floor - don't forget to drop by ours (L21) to snag your #Interbike tent special form!
there are too many to mention in a tweet, google the topic and see which ones appeal to you
I'm halfway though the show-- and then it's my weekend!
Call me maybe
does your library use it?
Singing #LovinYouIsFun by in Walmart? I think YES! <33
All that Jazz interview with Milo Jaramillo ((TODAY)) @ Noon. Your host, Paul Gonzales!
Someday, we'll look back upon days like this, and shake our heads.
aww! Thank you! Love you ms. Napoli (((:
Getting a lot of calls from the Pgh Post Gazette article, things are moving well today.
Never waste an opportunity to tell someone you love them.
I came to this gym to use a certain cardio machine, and they're all being used.
Yellow stone 1st round
“ will be featuring this friday 03/11 @ Sharon Baptist Come celebrate God's love with 9pm-1pm”
Every time I watch a brutally truthful, humane film like 'A Separation' I wonder how did I end up living in this severely damaged US of A
Stop by 5440! RT : It's #FirstFriday and #GAGI! Let the fun begin!
lol sorry internet went down haha
What do you mean?
That's so Crazy! XD
In Bruges is one fantastic movie!
I think we were deemed equally hideous by the violent drunkard. In fact, I may have only been hideous by association.
Remembering the times me and had in math class :)) !
HeLLo RT : Yesssssiiirrrrr ": these beats got me in here working on are too serious though. #sickshh ...
good to know...lol
From , compelling video is a must for TV.
the merry magnolia was looking for part time help
hate being sick -.-
getting drunk right now w/ love friday nights!
Hate that I gotta work right now on the release of #PutItDown for gotta go in when I can
(TN) RESIDEMTS-Now in your area! www.AmericanHealthcareCouncil.com Get a No Cost Public and Private Health Insurance Plan Review Today!!!!
The word this morning: MARCH FORTH! Movin toward greatness.
Focus, stay positive, play with hearts of champions
Open Tues-Sat 11-8, Closed Sundays; private parties/meeting space & catering on Mondays. Winter hours until April.
hey arent you supposed to be learning something!?!
Give customers enough information to persuade themselves to buy. I do this constantly!
Lovely day
My reaction when people are mean to me: "Lol bitch, you're gonna regret that when I'm married to Zayn Malik"
disappointed on that end but I love this show
The devil made me do it the first time, and after that I did it on my own.-Robert Fulghum
Today is Senior Day, if you are 50 or better, join us today for $5 Free Play, a chance to win $100 an hour and $4.99 specials at TIWA
Ralph Waldo Emerson
I also have some other tropical bass stuff to show you
Computer Vision Syndrome and Children: Kids are on the computer more than ever - increasing fears of pediatric eye doctors that they're...
#GoTribe I roll with a tribe of demons.
S/o to for responding to tweet from a fan btw
Expert Fantasy Football Mock Draft at our Fest Aug 15 - would love to have you on.
what is your best show on tv?
would be great to use to save paper and engage with faculty on the PDF :)
Oh hey, there's Ross.
“: follow back”will do
You're welcome! Twitter hugs to all of you!
Congratulations to all the winners at the Illinois Asphalt Pavement Association annual meeting today!
The word hit 7 billion people today. :D
It's Monday, but I'm okay with it since I've only got a three day week! Taking a long weekend before I start my new job next week.
you're beautiful (:
LOVE U BIEBER ! #feelthelove fr
Fresh will be open for Memorial Day, in honor of our Service Men and Women, Military Personel will receive a complimentary App with Dinner!
Right on. The new people you form relationships with during the search process transform into an incredible post-success network.
The QLC happens 2 the best of us! Check out the 4 Gutsy Girls blogging about theirs in real time @ stratejoy.com Do u relate?
Hey, you should promote your street teams too! :3
you get that phone charger yet lol
I would like like to invite you to "Life is Sweet" on 11/09 from 6:30 to 10:00 pm at Silo Point Penthouses. www.bestbuddiesmaryland.org
Never take anything for granted...
Getting #unknotted slowly but surely RT : Tying your happiness to someone else's emotions means you're asking for knots.
I got a 90% on my English EOC and a 95% on my farenheit test and my fucking semester is still stuck at an 87%
Saw 's performance on 2 things: 1) Wrecking Ball is a damn good song. 2) Need to see the band in concert soon.
RT #HBD2012 the only place where an 8 course meal is a funnel cake, chicken on a stick and a 6pack quit hatin!
too thick for ? You mean like Elephant ears and roasted corn? LULZ
There's a special place in hell for DJ Sammy and his 9/11 remix of Bryan Adams' "Heaven."
It's weird saying happy mothers day to my sister!! I'm happy for her though(:
I just finished a 6.56 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
Via ; Today and every day in the US, 74 youth "age out" (become too old for foster care). 31 of these will soon be homeless.
build leads by getting into the paint, then give them right back by settling for long bricks. Every game.
DO IT!
Our Newark office is open today 8-5 for all your eyecare needs. 110 High St. 315.331.5721. No appt needed for glasses/adjustments/repairs
Where's the Android App?
Top 5 Supporting Cities - Stockton, CA, San Jose, CA, Modesto, CA, Sacramento, CA, Oakland, CA. And 6th man is --> Fresno, CA
I'm not tense, just terribly, terribly alert.
You're very welcome.
ur still bored a lil bit huh cuz i can b funny if i wanted to
Lifted by lies, hit by the truth.
hey i am a huge fan of you. it would mean the world to me if you followed me back, no lie. =)
Just saw video of the rigging fall at the #IndianaStateFair. Incredible and tragic. Prayers for victims and families.
Wake is good but will give up the HR, hope he got it out of his system now. Sox take notice.
Hidden by Helen Frost did that! It used a word at the start of each line to create another poem/insight.
I would love to host a Keurig party!
thats koo wit me ..its a new day keep movin forward
haha and I'm getting no vowels
Attending the #Fishers #Chamber luncheon. Guest speaker from Bay area on social media.
Publix to have Blockbuster DVD kiosks in stores.
I get it if you don't want to pay for a Vols website, but I don't get complaining when they break a story.
Frank have a good weekend!thanks for the #ff ! Think I missed u last week so double thanks!
It feels like spring outside.
Why steelers!? :(
I remember you from the networking event follow me
k. im done bitching for the night. Sorry followers .-. lolol
Rangers 2-0 when i wear my rangers shirt.
When I get home I'm gone go see avengers.. But I just need somebody to go with.?
Bought decorations for my open house!
I hope u can hit me up on FB if ur into music :) www.facebook.com/freddywalkermusic
I guess that the challenge is to be open to new experiences, new ideas, new concepts. Be true to self - yet open to growth.
If your wife does not know how to drive that is a guaranteed meal on the table every time.
Thanks so much for the list! :)
lmfao I know that's why I was like wtf
Microsoft seems to want to "own" all science data - will charge for access, analysis (via Dennis Gannon).
ah I forgot to shoot it to you! Thank you so much man I appreciate it!
No no no no no.
Tonight we start early westlake Paninis finishing with 5 bottles to start the night. Who's coming
WOW.... well that sucks if you're rooting for the Caps like me. Joel Ward just killed a HUGE opportunity for his team.
If its not about us then erase John 3:16 from the bible.
WIAA moving the bball tourney to GB is a terrible idea. GB does not have the atmosphere of Madison. Pumped for the tourney this year though!
Why is Drita getting Mad ?! She's a mess lmaooo
awwwe, my bestie is so cute n.n I missed you too bebs!
thanks Vashti! Attending these events gets me so motivated!
In 1837, Boston School Committee allowed Hawes School to teach music. It was the 1st time Music Education was used in U.S. public schools.
Josh Hamilton says contract talks with Texas Rangers won't be distraction While this might be a contract year for Josh Hamilton, R
It's 2-2 after two. Should be a great finish.
Earth Day celebration in the Zen Courtyard starts in 1.5 hours! See you there, ENcrowders!
So sleepy
HipHop Mt Rushmore, who you got? I need 4
Rolling out of in the mini van. I'm nationwide
just lifted weights for 1 hour and burned 378 calories. Total burned so far: 441664 calories! on 4/29/12 at 12:30 PM
people think life is long until it ends
glad you had a good time thanks for coming
this is an awesome website if you are planning on doing anything soon involving the beach!!!
Thanks for helping spread the word about our series.
thought chocolate milk came from chocolate cows when she was younger:) and same for strawberry! But not regular :P
Ah, your link went to the comments, so that's where I was looking.
im peepin the first one this joint tight, good lookin
YIKES. Way too close. :( Sorry.
She said she love me
"It's The Great Pumpkin, Charlie Brown!"
some! and more over the weekend
here's a site that has a great & easy to follow lesson on scales and modes www.guitarlessons365.com
ohh my ! That's hot
cough cough DAD
Happiness and Customer Experience: Interview with Bernd Schmitt
LET'S GO
What happened? I blacked out for about 5 minutes! Did we win? Are we champs? I need to know!
No not at all! I'm now just figuring out what I like to do! All I say is Do what you love and what your passionate about! ;)
Google will still work BUT the logo is blacked out
I feel like I'm dying at work
is on repeat!
Our house is blessed to share some love with Entourage Jazz and some of our favorite patrons. Happy Valentines.
Rocky Mountain Life from 40s, Colorado Wonderland from 50s-70s, some 70s issues of Denver Singles Guide: last clearly fodder
Cirqa update: We are working out our last few bugs to deliver you a powerful application. Please register for the beta version@ mycirqa.com.
Thanks for the follow and God Bless!
time to go light one up by the pool
Bout to fire up the big stage
Good Morrow To You & No Problem Good Sir.
Hey just listened to a really smart guy about social networking six steps to social networking. 1. Don't steal others articles 2. give info
#ChicBuds has great products!!
lol are you following me?
Spending time with mommy just talking. The more things she tells me the more I realize personality wise I'm just like my mom & grandpa.
What METTA got hit in the face
We cut a material at work called poly metal. what would that music genre actually sound like and who would listen to it?
and God gives you the strength, to love, protect & guide :)
anyone know an IP laywer i could chat with (for free) in #pittsburgh? have some questions about terms of service, copyright, etc. PM if yes.
Don't know about anyone else, but I'm having a hard time getting to the core of what I think about the Ravi verdict.
I am! Multi-tasking, SCORE!
Amare got the braids back lol
Most Great People Have Attained Their Greatest Success Just One Step Beyond Their Greatest Failure.
tomorrow is my birthday XD I hope your wish me a Happy Birthday
I'm really not looking forward to tomorrow with all the kids coming to class saying they're high
Rick Santorum is an idiot
to ...SAY, Thank you, Thank You, Thank you for the absolutely AMAZING and WONDERFUL shows you have given us and me, that I ...
Semesters are too damn long.
Before I run from a niggah, I'll lose a fight.
just come stay with us yayyyy
what's wrong with Qdoba?? I like them better.
Sweet party pic!
nah lol I'm not
I'm wondering the same thing xD
Peyton Manning is headed to Denver to be #Tebow s Obi-Wan Kenobi
me &kacey put princess clips in our hair. & kacey ended up stealing hers, but i put my mine back ahah.
#IfYouKnowMeYouKnow that Im a true mahomie, id do anything for I'd take a bullet for him if I had 2, So go ahead, say Im fake.
#NowWatching channel #MPTV 10.1 I just got done Floor Managing this show #Interchange. I'm in the credits!!
Hey sexy lady.
Thank you sweetie! XOXOXO
I'm not proud of my eating habits right now.
I hope everyone has a great Thanksgiving week!!
I see be forgettin about a brother..........
Thanks for the reminder about the #PerennialPremiere - I didn't realize it was this weekend! :)
If you just give a shot, I promise you i'll score
yea my nigga
Shark diving &#39;promotes coral reef conservation&#39;
Dave thanks for the follow
until i see him in an interview or something. I won't believe he's back! btw, i'm a huge TUPAC FAN!
Damn I wish I was home this like the 4th Christmas in a row I missed being over seas smh
<3 RT If you don't agree with you're retarded, just sayin.
#AnnoyingAsianThings when they hand up first in class when i wanted to answer the question!
Contrary to popular belief the City of Washington and the District of Columbia are not the same entities to be said interchangeably.
New single "Subway" coming soon! Produced by
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089><U+263A> RT : Smile. It Irritates Those Who Wish To Destroy You.
I'm pumped for the Future of Web Design Conference in NYC tomorrow! Who else is going?
“: Your friends have great families and successful careers. You are good at the Internet.”
I want Call of Duty - Black Ops 2 so fucking bad!!! Its fucking epic as ever! ._.
definitely cause for celebration! welcome!
I am not surprised as I read recently that some guys had figured out how to crack CAPTCHA. Maybe what you're seeing is a reponse to this.
So, you are not alone. More importantly, your posts are not crap. Not at all!!! I think you're wonderful!!!
Cargo with his 2nd triple,
How true, startign to feel bad about leaving you gues, but really like the new job.
Damn Weather, me too lol.
it's James! Shhhhhhhh.
What's wrong w/mail betw Norway & here? Pkg sent month+ ago not here. :( At least U.S. mail's working. Inventory started to arrive. :)
Grilled epic dinner -- asparagus (w/balsamic redux), sweet potato, marinated chix w/ Love
stiles was mad as hell lol poor derek
SIT DOWN GURL SIT DOWN GURL
thx for the kind words and retweet :) u rock!
Gr8 day so far!
Now that's what I call a Yankees game!
When we beat UK Monday, I'll be running up to Mass street, & just like '08, we'll show Calapari how classy fans celebrate.
We want to thank everyone for getting us to 1000+ followers! You guys are amazing and spread the word. Big things are happening
Court reporting is an important mechanism in facilitating due process and the availability of equal protection
From a history of sewing site: Filmmaker Tim Burton had a life-long fascination with scissors, calling them an interesting invention.
4 IS THE GREATEST ALBUM IN 2011!!!
I'm in your area sort of.
Incredibly proud of the 8 teams (18 students) that advanced to #DECAICDC finals!
thank you Kathleen
Boy: Wanna have sex? Girl: My doctor said I can't have sex for 2 weeks. Boy: What did your dentist say?
Go Librarians! RT<U+200F> Children's author Beverly Cleary (96 today!) says school librarian got her to love reading.
Living the blessed is not by chance. Your choices today make up your tomorrows.
Today seemed like the first day of fall :(
passed 4,000 followers today! thank you all for the support! :)
Damn you May 1st!!!! First Yo, now Gamel! Terrible.
#FF music! beer! money! What else ya need???
In 2009 he was my common denominator, In 2010 he was my Baby, In 2011 he was my drummer boy, In 2012 he is my boyfriend. ;) <333
deal. I'd even be ok with a Burrows/Torres Frankenjersey.
Happy new years , im happy for u from all of ur bieber fan, i love u!!! <3BiEbEr*FeVeR<3
The armory the show curators: too many typographic neon pieces.
Off to the airport to make my triumphant return to Minnesota!
stay tuned.
yelling while driving home >>>>>
Stay calm and aggressive. (or "humble & hungry") -- Gabrielle Reece
RT : My thoughts exactly! RT : Not the year for music at #sb45 they should have just invited the entire Glee crew.
thanks 4 following me Facebook like Apriss the model & friend me April lakergirl Bynum #FF also me
I'm making a cake & brownies 4 my mom 2morrow for mothers day thn have 2 call edible arrangements :)
haha I know! Fine in my next profile picture I will show my face!
Rare grad school pleasures: found brand new Complete Oxford Middleton ($200) for $30. We!
dude whatever
Thx to Kristen Grimm of Spitfire Strategies for a great day of public speaking training for staff.
best mug shot
Hi Tyler long time no tweet. I hope all is well. I'm so ready for Teen Wolf 2 return :D Please follow me sometime ;)
Time for plan B. let's get creative, shall we?
Breaking: LONDON (AP) -- British police say they are treating the discovery of a body on the queen's Sandringham estate as murder.
I'm try and head down there in march for wmc again but im drive this time I'm going to pr in jan come thur bro !
Lloyd LJ rules in Tate & Lyle Technology v. Roquette Freres case involving interpretation of the claim in the patent: [2010] EWCA Civ 1049.
Try to post with us www.joborworker.com. we can send you promo codes for free job posting! Soon will go internationally!
Looking for hosts in L.A.
I will steal my licks like a thief in the shadows.
look at you look at me
Nat'l legislatures opining on fitness of individuals to lead private firms (major international or not) seems foreign to this American.
Did you know September is National Chicken Month!?!? What would YOU do for some free chicken?
Come on man. You've got to be joking.
Good seeing ya too! Best of luck with your future plans & all that jazz. Don't be a stranger.
Any #mahomies know how to help me put a tribute video for on youtube???
i'm catching up to Bethenny, too. I want to go to Mexico!
100% Anus Beef? Hardee's, that's a mighty important G to leave off on a billboard.
In Search of... "The Muscles Under The Fat"
I woke up thankful for new opportunities and blessings! How about you?
what you mean how I figure
i say this all the time
RT : RT: "The failure of prevention costs money."
Oddly enough, the whiskey after shave splash from goes quite well with the Avacado hand lotion from
RT : I will be on radio show Thursday night introducing my artist :30 PST. Follow
Great piece by David Hall on Puritans & communal good in Wed. 11/23 NYTimes.
Crowdsourcing is now considered a word according to the Merriam-Weber Dictionary! Just another step at solidifying the industry.
Your never too young or to old to dream
writing a piece on the silo effect now based on Gillian Tett's excellent thoughts in Financial Times
“: ur never too young to dream big. #trillshit”
#TCM bringing the thunder tonight. My Man Godfrey. Timeless. Hilarious. Silly. Brilliant.
Sounds like you pulled the short straw for #ASOT550 in Kiev. At least I know I will see you in Chicago soon
All hail the new Screaming Tuna Mayor, !
That's awesome that you met Janet and Kathleen! I didn't know Allison lived in Tennessee.
Teaching kids about giving during Xmas is like hiking to the bottom of the ocean: intriguing but ultimately futile.
Okay now I'm speechless!! She's 16!! Unreal
Got my first fishing license in Wisconsin for the weekend opener. Only $5. Ready to land a Talapia.
My office is now officially ready for the live streaming to begin! I am still planning to have it Friday night. Stay tuned!
Whose joining my weightless/ fit challenge?
Yes, I'm lucky
What variety of bourbon are you drinking today?
' impression of in the Weight Watchers commcercial: HILARIOUS!!
Yard work for Sunday
wait!? Thought u weren't tweeting today?? ;)
My first children’s book is coming soon! If you are looking for a great gift for a child you know, put “The Belly Monster” on your list!
I just got an autograph in the mail from Mia last week(: i was so excited! Haha
Exactly! It comes together with some work, right?
Just flew in from Boston. Had some great people and stores there.
I want some hot apple cider. M
And guess what? 900,024 more tweets till i reach 1 million! haha
watching the polar express<U+E32B><U+E022><U+E033><U+E448><U+E112><U+E325>
I promise! :)
Counterparts has probably some of thee most relatable lyrics
okay, she's the kind of person that barely gets on Twitter so tomorrow at school i will tell her to :D
Bulls and Pacers 4 Duke Blue Devils in the game whens the last time that happened??
I really need to do that Couch to 5K thing. Even Breakfast Table to 1K would be fine.
Come check out our Backstage Tours Mondays and Wednesdays from noon to 1:30. Call 770-445-7713 to set up a time.
forgot about your hw again huh smh PAY ME !
No market predictions but Dow 7500 could happen in 6 months. I said COULD. Short selling works in any market.
To my legion of 13 followers (five of whom are not bots)--yep, I got hacked. Lo siento, and Happy New Year.
should give us something from a new song for Valentine's Day. :) For all us single people out here!
Heat beat Grizzlies in six to win the championship.
If you place a fresh Viagra tablet in a houseplant's soil every six months, the plant will not wilt.
We look forward to seeing your review! And we'd love to get feedback once you've had more time with it.
Husband's strong as an ox, but screams like a little girl when it comes to spiders.
ya i can just wait 10 min, i have to run an errand :)
Wow. Eli Manning is at my cousins wedding. What do u know.
Now that is a cocktail we could get involved with.
Follow my Instagram.
I didn't save my drunk baseball talk for Friday night. I've let myself and the rest of you down. I'll just have to do it again tomorrow.
Please Please Follow me :) I Love You and Cody So Much :)
Good morning <U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Check this out! [www.EverythingIsEnergySummit.com] Phenomenal Speakers, Topics, and Tools! Transformational Tools Taught Right On The Calls!
thx. Actually already have one :)
im going to class
And the ship starts to sink.
True, M, my mom is not on social media so you can feel free to "nag" me in her place ;)
IRS Agents?
Walking Max(:
Let go of what you can’t change.
goodnight for you :)
Just got home from school now i am on the phone with ASU cause they lost my money! D:
Yes!!! RT : Tonight also mark's Futty Danso's 2012 season debut for the Timbers.
Lmao! Had to get try that one in. Most peeps always ASSUME their kids will be heterosexual. Lol
cool hear you guys on satellite radio! Thanx for the follow. \m/ !!
youre supposed to like them fool
Kindness should not be mistaken for weakness.
there is definitely more only had it for 5 minutes
hell yeah, without a doubt!!!! thats my word
you're right Churro, I'm bein' a bro. Shame.
#Bowwownation why I thought V.I.P Tickets were back stage passes to meet our love ones #HeartBreaker lmaoo
DYK? Phi Beta Sigma founded by three men ...Happy Founders Day
RT : "How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world." -Anne Frank
Great Music equals Greater Times...PALI's music can be a soundtrack to YOU life!
Get a discount, chat with us, and register for the Poetry Off the Page symposium? Nowaywhere?! Our booth @ the AWP Book Fair is where!
Who wants to drive out here this weekend.. Stay at my house.. And go to LA vs OKC game 4 to watch the sweep?
Tune in to Sports Talk from 9-10!
Once you do it twice, it's not a mistake anymore. You were supposed to learn from your mistakes, and you didn't.
Yayyyy!!!! Tar Heels!!! Listened to the game thanks to the #MarchMadness app :)
Integrating fdback from panelists...Great ideas for Af Am Ldshp Prog and Building Capacity Prog
Oh, you should be having fun then
This ought to be good.
Eager to wrap up winter quarter.
Ok Everyone I Followed everyone Back!!!!! <3
Good to see Jered Weaver's dad nursed that beer for the duration of the no-hitter.
school supplies that I love: pens and notebooks
« « RT if you TRULY love the DRUMS!»»
That speculation is ridiculous. What Apple is doing is legal AND good for shareholders. No impact on the price.
Children of the Corn Muffins
Going out for my every day 1 hour ride around the park and get lost!!
MAHOMIES ANND BELIEBERS GO FOLLOW i PROMISE you wont regret it!! <3 (:
Calling it a night. Wrapping at 1100 words, none of which are "tomfoolery" or "wrangled", Better luck next time, eh?
i am selling my mac book pro. r u interested?
totally agree! I ate too much and could not be any more full. Good though!
SHIT POSTED AT THE CRIB, BEATS ON BLAST BREWS ON CHILL, AND SUMTHIN IN THE ASHTRAY..
If you were planning on buying me a t-shirt make sure there is a left breast pocket.
Can you like stop playing with my emotions? Thanks
Investors shun French bonds as election continues
I'll give you a cookie if you follow me! (;
When I was a teen we would skip school and ride the bus to the #Tigers opener at historic Tiger Stadium every year. Kids still do that?
I'm gonna beej u
Thanks :) It's short, but I thought it was a good way to start it. The next one will be longer.
Looking for an escape from the rain? Check out for #Hawaiian grub. De-Licious
finish him with Kirken-turn-Jack's-mic-off!
ASK ME ABOUT MY WIENER!!!
Hmm... My computer is having trouble reading my Snow Leopard install DVD. WTF?
be back twebs
You always draw me back in.
Ku wins! Kuwins! Do you believe in basketball, cuz I do!
But GOD...
looking for a job
By Friday, we'll all be five days older. Let's make it count. What will you accomplish by Friday?
I am deleting all the events from my mind.
#Nowplaying: Benjamin Francis Leftwich - Box of Stones
We have a 1-3NLH in action... Come on over and start earning your hours for this week's Freeroll!
yes. Definitely.
Hm yes it is, but it was even MORE delicious in my head.
“: No means No nicca” go to sleep
#MMA will be the biggest sport in the PLANET in 20 yrs !! Remember I said it !!!
junior fear the beard!
Joined a new gym and hired a new trainer! Am lovin it, so gotta run to meet my trainer. Talk later, friends. <U+30FE>(<U+25CF><U+2312><U+2207><U+2312><U+25CF>)<U+FF89> Have an awesome day!
Escape your cubicles today at lunch and join us on the sunny patio! Spring is here!
I want a Turkey and Gravy badge from
The poor puppy was in there crying in pain, and someone called animal services. I'm glad they were able to take the bullet out and save him.
Great game! Go SD Enforcers! 23-15 Against USMC Bulldogs. Cool night in Escondido
this r&b shyt is gonna be mines...trying to be the new r.kelly
gotta find a cool idea for a #STEELERSTATTOO anyideas?
hahaha... Not at all ( : and I absolutely hate when ppl call me TT !! Ughh..
That's disappointing!! I'm here at the game now!! RT : Melo says he won't play vs Cavs. Graham will start 4th str gm.
I don't trust anyone who describes something as 'a blast.'
Don't give me reason
Listening to #Saysomething :) It is fabulous! I love you: D
Cannot believe am waiting for a client who is over an hr late & has been promising to be here anytime soon!
Everyone needs to go check out .. Follow and support' good friends of ours! :) <3
on "...a little mazel never hurt, never hurt." Indeed.
what was scary?
Interesting how when you settle into a new relationship, old flames try to come out the woodwork.
hahaha, could never do it, and I'm white, oh well!
520 bridge tolling is ON. $2.80 now. $3.50 at 7am. Plus another $1.50 if you don't have the Good to Go transponder.
is a straight up hustler. That explains the track suit. Awesome.
#breakingnews RT : You're not being very cooperative Lisa...
Yes, I recall Lugar making similar remarks during August 2009, especially over the racist signage. Oh wait ... I don't.
RT : Never put off until tomorrow what you can do the day after tomorrow. Mark Twain
World of jenks is amazing
can we switch? Me be a floater and you work with this seat filler that I'm stuck with
Apparently the MOTHER OF ALL STORMS is in route to Los Angeles. Stay safe all.
Literally had my sunglasses in my hands and still forgot them. Where is my mind today?
Back to the OC I go!
#superbowl - nervous as hell. is it too early to start drinking?
Happy birthday
So sweet. Hetero-life-mates forever.
whats the paper on? I'll trade you some Hebrew homework... #gradstudentsrock PS congrats on #Yitro!
gonna go get some food.
I'm tasting red velvet cake ice cream for the first time...it is heavenly. I'm wondering why I haven't had it before.
RED FLAG WARNING: NE NJ, HUDSON VALLEY, INlAND CT. High fire danger through 8 PM. Please be very careful with any kind of flammable material
Where'd all the good people go?
Do dogs ever say: "It’s a human eat human world"? I don't think so.
yeah buddy
follow back?
I heard your quest walked 20 blocks last night to be there. I'd say she is looking for something to help her. What's her why?
I'm not on my period. I'm just weird...regardless.
Dined like a Goodfella Wise Guy on my own spaghetti and gravy. I'm feeling like a big goomba.
Most of our worrying is just wasted energy.
Did U Fight Her?
RT : Beliebers Will Always Love Justin <U+2665> <<Just like we will always love Micheal Jackson. ^.^
nun over at my homeboy house playin this duty u?
Oh, I see. That had been working to get a number of my friends in. Guess it isn't now.
How about just Wisconsin??
Can't sleep
the main reason a girl needs a dad is to show her, that not all guys are like the one that hurt her .
Im off to bed soon unfortunately
ONE DIRECTION WHY DON'T YOU COME TO NASHVILLE AGAIN THIS YEAR???????!!!!!!!!!
The less you need, the richer you are.
Laughing to myself as tweets as much as possible to get his tweet number up.
I like solitude better anyway.
didn't know there was an election tonight, you ignorant fucks! Be patient.
asks "What if every church didn't see itself as the moral police of its community?"
super pretty!
same here but I hate her even more cause she cheated on the boy that I'm madly in love with
"The pump don't work 'cause the vandals took the handles"
my son & I cracking up on how Len's score is consistently at least minus 1 from others.
I am both
Lord, I pray that you take the hearts of your people captive in a radical & new way. Set them ablaze. Time for people to really see Jesus!
Coolest holiday party gift: whiskey stones. Who knew whiskies had stones that big?
But it's one hell of a lecture, absolutely fascinating material and really artfully delivered.
Potential all nighter ahead
RT : Keep your #normalskin happy by washing it twice a day & using a light moisturizer
I think it's spam.
I've taken more notes for free online classes than irl classes that I've paid for.
My funnines goes up 100% when am around my best friend,
tweet what?
#3WordsOfAdvice Life Goes On ...
sorry he's mine next week.
Follow my official tweets on Twitter. What tweets governor? I don't see any.....
oh is that wierd? Cause I do too...<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3> jkjk
The number of measles cases in MN have spiked. What you need to know coming up on the
i wonder how franklin the turtle is doing
I'll take care of you! - Drake
God bless you sister! I would never make it without God. Happy Easter!
you may have your chance someday. Not sure they fit anymore!
We're glad to be a provider of your great product and we #like Gerber!
Hope you have a great time at the exhibition yesterday!
OWASP Orlando now has a co-leader! Q2 meeting for May looking pretty awesome as well. SQLi and Mobile (in)Security fun!
You mean like you opinion on "Neon Bible?"
BIG, booty big booty big booty. UH HUH. UH HUH. Booty to the 1. 1 to the 2. 2 to the 1. 1 to the 3. 3 to the booty! Haha
I already miss my crush at my homeschool class </3 I wont be able to see him until the beggining of next year. :( heartbroken
lmao. Me either -.- Are you here?!
Woke up this morning with adrenaline pumping for the WSU v Creighton game today. #GoShockers! Beat those dirty Blue Jays.
bring your rosary and pray to grandma
M Peanut Butter! <3
hahaha wait, thought that one girl that you look like was getting punk'd
loved csi:miami last night
Therefore we do not lose heart. Though outwardly we are wasting away, yet inwardly we are being renewed day by day. (2 Corinthians 4:16-17)
New Blog Post #FLXwine PT2 let the drinking begin! bit.ly/o3JZKe
I don't care what kinda day you're having,leave your bad day at home. Be nice to people,geez does a smile hurt? Does love seem so bad?
What is integrative about yoga is everything we have yet to learn about the mind/body connection.
I am alive and well in Washington state.
Get together with friends to race sprint cars on my private dirt track, or go fishin
THIS IS NOT REAL THIS IS NOT REAL THIS IS NOT REAL. RT : Lindsay Lohan to play Elizabeth Taylor in Lifetime biopic 'Liz and Dick'
Chicken crusted with almonds
He that won't be counselled can't be helped.
#FF love to these great tweeps!
When they call you babe and your not going out yet >
Yes I was singing #saysomethin , people were like what the f*ck r u singing am lyke o_O its a mahomie ting!! its very catchy!!
Getting respite in the pediatric dentist's waiting room. ;)
how do I separate mail merge pages for emailing to separate recipients?
yea send it to our emails
actually I found a few of her relatives o.O lmaooo
Drove on I-84 today to where it ended...in Massachusetts.
Perez Hilton asked Anderson Cooper, Kevin Spacey & Jodie Foster to come out. That should be up to them. This is their career after all.
is mad at #TeamMindless the haven't tweeted today...........man i feel sad :(
Way to go Peka great save!
Tomorrow: Water Music Studio w and Canada Day. Thursday: Norway with and his band.
Hope you got great seats! Have a great time at the #BellAFB game! Let us know if we can answer any questions for you.
So cold in my apartment brrrrrrrr!
Happy May Day! May it be full of flowers and sun and happiness!
Merry Christmas Eve everyone!
Its okay wit me
Why is it when I bring up the website there are no extra toolbars but when other people launch the website, there are?
I wish tomorrow is the best school day ever!
How many calls does Tommy Digger Gugger have timake to make a placement?
Wait, what was I saying??
hey man this movies wack they been in this cave forever
I am so fuckin hungry!!!!
Is that even legal? ;)
Wish u were my partner in crime tonight. Instead I'm just single.
Pulling an all nighter to be in warm Greece in the morning!
It's a beautiful day in NYC! Headed out shopping with boyfriend extraordinaire,
thanks for making the convention a great success! Looking forward to next year already!
Glad it was great. I hope I can get there next time. How often does happen?
Be sure to come out for the open house meeting tomorrow at the RMC. Learn about the GSA officer positions and you can get involved.
More pplz needs to start following me
Last Friday Night.
maybe? I'll text you when I know fashoooo
yes it is !
Thanks to all of our men & women serving in the Armed Forces!!!! Coa is proud to offer you 25% off your dinner tonight!!
Thanks guys, appreciate the shout out!
Why do midgets laugh when they run? The grass tickles their balls.
S/O to tha new followers #TeamFollowBack (:
Thank you to Bob Brenley for declaring the inning a confidence booster for Marmol during the Braun at bat.
Holding off until six pm to start the frozen margaritas while teens play miniature golf watchig "The Hangover"
Is anyone going to see All Time Low at The Rave in Milwaukee this Friday 4/22?!
I wake up missing you and go to bed missing you :(
#BackInElementarySchool I broke this guys names Keaton's heart when he asked me if I wanted icecream&I told him I was hav icecream w/ Devon
Just parallel parked like a boss(:
Keep us posted #not ... #okI'mcurious
Just fell in love with cooking. What kitchen essentials do you recommend for beginners?
anything I can do I'm here to help! Good Luck!!
#WeAreUK RT #Seahawks take Kentucky SS Winston Guy with their 2nd sixth-round pick (No. 181 overall).
Love that sends me an email with the gate info for my connecting flight. I know exactly where to go when I deplane
They need it to see if you fit in the Borg Collective or the Soylent Green department.
Now that its raining more than ever.. know that will still have each other.. you can stay under my umbrella ella ella eh eh <3
You know what day it will be a week from now? My birthday!!!! And now I already have in mind who's gonna be invited and who's not. ;)
dude... he replied to me TWICE. damn. THATS WHATS UP. <U+2665> ^-^
you are in that group of blond white girls that aren't allowed to say that. Feel lucky you can even listen to it
Makethat ass Shak 'make the ground move thats a assQuak 'build a house up on that ass thts assstate 'row my weed up on tht ass thts asstray
eww lol, how are you gunna say that "she's about to be thick when she gets older" about a baby haha
it will be a hassle for me to do that but okay
USCIS puts cases same-sex partner cases on hold while awaiting final guidance on legal issues involving Defense of Marriage Act...
This is happening: tour field trip. Tuesday. Thanks to & My scholars are gonna love it.
I love falling asleep at night and waking up to her in da morning<3
Jeff: Reference for several hours, then working with project and student workers, then reference in the afternoon
Im Just Now Knowing That I Passed Out A Lot Of Money Today!
I just got back an hour ago :).
Ambitious Girl :-)
PickUpLine: Can I flirt with you?
You are right. it is silly to actually hold her accountable for her losses which have hurt the movement
They say flinstones vitamins are chewable, all vitamins are chewable they just taste shitty
Juvenile Facing 90 Days in Jail for Failing to Pay Almost $200K in Child Support
Pizza for breakfast
You didn't come..
=O what is it!!
good to see you tonight-- you looked adorable!
S/0 to my big bro
just saw a sign for a new location in Chicago. Great news! Tell me more!
Happiness is worth more after you experience pain.... Because you appreciate it more.
It's so good! You need to try the "Best Drink Ever." Its my fav and it will def wake you up in the morning
Jam session tonight! The Falls Lounge in Downtown. 626 S. Spring St. Its gonna be awesome, so come down and play some tunes!
“: Go #heat!” Hahaha
"McDonald's chicken nuggets look like pink yogurt!" dude, I saw that too <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
not to mention nourishment
Thanks for letting us know! mouse411: highvoltagemag WeAreSATELLITE is the band to look out for 2012...
Funny how people say you mean something to them but then ends up screwing you over.
If you're gonna skip my recordings, the LEAST you could do is let me know.
How in the world can people sit around and allow the various media exploit the average citizens in this country by constantly rubbing.....
I have a new appreciation for okgo ..they have sick music videos!!
Pets outside? Make sure they have water, & so they won't be drinking hot water... CHANGE THE WATER OFTEN so they'll get refreshment. :-)
I wanna try Microdermabrasion
but you pinky promised. You can't break a pinky promise.
completed her food and exercise diary for 04/07/2012
#AustinYouShouldGoToGermanyAlsoForTheNeighboursLikeHollandAndBelgium long trend but YEAH COOL :D
Ladies... I've never seen a better looking guy than !! Follow him! Phew... lol
What games are you looking forward to adding to your Check ins?
yea so now I totally get your tweet ;) haha
best available players!!!
Thank you Mitchell.
she is going to let you wait till Friday? You told her you didn't know it?
any teams left?
I just RT someone this morning saying the exact same thing!
I'm good, had an amazing day on the bike today, gonna be rising this high out for a while! How are you guys doing?
Just joined and the #WalkwithTom team for the #JDRF walk tomorrow. Excited to help the cause!
Pls. RT: #MIXTAPE will be available as an e-book through iTunes, April 4. The first issue with 14-track playlist
Stupid rain
What's good twiggas s/o to all my new followers...
- tried to link your web page to the spekeze facebook page, but it's not working???
For the hip, badass bride!
Gregg will be sporting the new Brew Dr. wagon at #LastThursday tonight. Come get your kombucha fix right out of the tap!
everybody follow
Yes sir, can't wait for the All Star Game
No one can rain on your parade if you decide it's gonna be sunny outside!
In the event you do build a brilliant experience, customers tell one another about that. Word of mouth is very powerful.
u wanna come??
I'm not sure about you, but I am completely excited about this year's Indie book festival. Share some of your thoughts about the festival!
I know it's cliche, but one time in my life I wanna drive 90 mph with the top down through the desert into the sunset...
I bought two books to hold me over.
lmao... what??? If you don't get yo big kiwi skin having ass outta here looking like you was baptize in coconut juice....!
Just interviewed in his office. Coverage tonight at 5 and 6.
At the with and ! So much goodness here! :)
PLEASE HELP SPREAD THE WORD ABOUT A MINDLESS MONSTER NAMED JOSEPH KONY!!!
Britney On XFactor
Haha glad I could make you laugh :b
where's the defibrillators?
Wrote my first historical essay for children today. Felt like a solid draft; hopefully the editor agrees!
note- research shows self-regulation weakest @ end of day. Yet another reason to develop good addictions.
US tweeters! Share your love for Hershey here and win Hersheys great new product Drops chocolates. Selecting winners today so hurry & tweet!
yep they got away with that against the Wings too
I'm not sure that they are looking at the same transformation that I am.
never heard it referred to like that...
any brands/flavors you recommend?
Getting hair done #yes!
some girls are only bitches cause they have a low tolerance for bullshit
What a fun night. All the sleep felt like nothing.
>ICONic Boyz : favorite kind of chips and favorite sonq rite now?Please tell them to give me a shoutout :Bethel from Chicago.
Thanks for the RT!
And because the Raiders didn't have a pick in the first round, so there's nothing to ridicule except as to how they wound up with no pick.
As a licensed attorney working with intellectual property and business this is a topic with directly affects me. Interesting read.
Oohhh baby baby Oohhh baby baby
Teaching this weekend Urban Flow, get wit it.
Damn Billups out for season with torn Achilles.
Hey T2 ... Bank of America Shamrock Shuffle is having an event tonight for all charity runners at Lizzy McNeil's ... stop over.
it is very. It's just the beginning of a very hot summer!
"True story" is the phrase thats gonna take the place of "real talk"
Including that one? RT : Almost every wise saying has an opposite one, no less wise, to balance it. -- George Santayana
#turntoyou is absolutely inspiring and shows what a real artist like you can do! Make a change!
Bored Watching Victorious
Well hello
I appreciate that very much ;)
I approach the game of Jenga the same way I approach a woman: I get frustrated, knock that shit on the floor & kick it. FUCKING BITCH. :)
Consumer sub services: Amazon Prime, Ebrary, Safari, Baen and others.
Followed. Follow and
Favorite line in Clannad: Negi's dad: You act like we got an ass full of porn magazines back here. But we don't. XD
I feel such disconnect from the things that used to matter-My art fills the empty space on my walls but cant fill the emptiness in my heart
Sneaking around a public place because you don't want to see anyone you know there.
#GirlsShould drink whiskey and talk back.
I miss u. For Real.
why do puerto ricans always smells like baby lotion..
let's go tomorrow!
#CSSOff design looks both fun and deceptively complicated. Can't wait to dig into it after work tonight.
Past bedtime. But, my brain's not getting the message. Hitting self with sledgehammer in the forehead. Will let you know how it works out.
Snow, and staying the night in Salmon Creek. Hoping I can get to my meeting tomorrow..
I got a question? Do you all know that Iran just sent 15k troops into Syria? The media is silent.
Rick Perry dropping out of GOP race
yeah not sure how to explain the dolphin...thank you for coming out - hope you had fun...
Clippers are just not as experienced as spurs.... #itsgoodtobeold lol the wise come out
New business idea: vegetarian offsets
I have no doubt he can do 30, but can he keep going for the entire 90 secs?
This is what happens when people over the age of 50, who still use IE as a default browser, try to do things unsupervised online.
Maybe he hasn't found the right one yet.
nope just kiddie menu
...plus w/ House Finance Cmte budget hearings and Cecelia Mason reports on the Lunchbox Fndtion
I couldn't agree with you more! Never thought of parenting and golf together, you nailed it.
Dream house looked all scary but I ended up crying <U+E413> it was just so sad my heart broke<U+E023>
If you've come 2 help me, You're wasting yr time. But if you've come b/c your liberation is bound up w/mine, then let us work together.
discussing the shifts in UK &Australia with advent of corporate law
De nada :b : Thanks for following :)
glad to hear that. And I'll be back-and-forth between Boston and RI. We'll talk for sure!
ps loved your take on #NFL greed. Those guys need reality check & I hope some of us back away b/c we feed it
Quarrels would not last long if the fault were only on one side.
I invented cupcakes.
Tas crusty o no??
Slightly disappointed at the weak match up in this yrs Peach Bowl... Er Chick Fil A Bowl
i would i agree
The Street Stops Here is a great documentary about basketball and their Bob Hurley Sr plus Tyshawn Taylor happens to be in it
Friday night - 8pm - concert - outdoors - fireworks - 1812 Overture and more - - come on out - its free! East Park, Worcester, MA
Tollation; tolling roads with little or no regard for the voice of the toll payer.
You can tell me what I'm feeling is wrong. Tell my heart and see if it cares.
they never shut up lol always howlin
Honestly, take out the cursing, and the film is a Hallmark channel movie. I was disappointed.
part of my job today has been helping people recognize april fools jokes. skepticism is just one of my services.
......making chicken alfredo pasta from scratch!!.....family guy!...
Well a suitcase fell ontop of me when i was packing, and i sprained my ankle but besides that Im good :3 lol
I want to go too
Chicago OHare is 5 for 5 today: Delayed taxi to gate, delayed takeoff, gate changes on both ends, & an aircraft change due to "bird strike"
belated thanks!
Only 1 more day until the 2012 Quality of Life Dashboard is released AND to enter our Quality of Life IQ challenge...
Thanks for the follow. We really appreciate the good folks in L'burg!
so who here uses distortion pluggins? and what do you use?
well I guess,but what kind of health things would we talk about?
TX has oldest congressional delegation, av. 63, while av. for Congress is 58 despite TX as nation's 2nd youngest population w/median of 33.6
Love this. RT : T3: I write for myself but if I am in doubt about how a post goes over I will ask people close to me.
Wild weather ahead for Sydney
LOL Chicago-based Art Advisories and their websites.
AND you gave me an idea for a blog post :) i appreciate you for that! will give you credit ;)
thanks for the retweet. see ya tomorrow!
Almost bedtime....and then you're saying the same thing 6 hrs later. I wish to blow shit up. Where's Filthy?
On the other hand, Douglas Adams would be so proud yet simultaneously, insanely jealous.
Talk to me like I'm stupid: Are there instructions for how to do basic "sandbox for personal use" installs of stuff like Omeka, Dspace, AT?
gurl, it being acoustic makes u even more hardcore! Praying for a speedy recovery. <3
I still don't like #timeline. Let's keep my acne-faced, brace-wearing, "High School Musical"-loving self in the past where she belongs.
I hear that lady. I'm sorry to hear you're having a rough week. Chin up, buttercup. Thinking about you. :)
what can I say?... I'm just a "loving" individual... Haha
Agreed! RT : We are a big fan of mirrors not just for home decor, but #wedding or #special event stuff too.
aw thank you! If you ever need anything in here too! <3
Happiness is going in for "Woman #3" and walking away with the leading role.A reminder to always give 100% on all roles, you just never know
Look what's showing in theatres now: My Week With Marilyn Trailer 2011 - Official [HD]
Madison Wi tonight heading for Flordia tomorrow hope see can find a short track down there
Did he lose a bet??
Looks like it. Crap.
Keep rabbits inside - March of myxomatosis - Campbelltown Macarthur Advertiser
Cheers Greg. RT Congrats to honored today at 40 Under 40
Im on One.
Just posted a step by step guide for changing sales tax rates in QuickBooks....check it out on my blog: blog.qbgal.com
In holding now.
I might just be the maddest person in the world right now
thats right sugar...let these suckas know wer to go to follow an ol frail OG badd weed smokin bitch...stay 100
you do realize I can't send you explicit DMs if you don't follow me, right? ;-)
Wanna laugh so bad lmao
I hope he gets some screen time soon. He's been pushed to the background for too long.
In 23 days I will be employed as an archaeologist again!
Oh that right...there was a national unplug your life weekend or something. Is that why you did stayed off Twitter?
its 8:30pm. :) How's your day going?
Watching Latrice? Be my momma? Please?
Happy mothers day to all the mothers in the world. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0090>
Depends what state you live in. Most don't publicly fund abortion, unfortunately, thanks to the Hyde Amendment.
Yesterday's Crosstown Shootout brawl an embarrassment to Cincinnati. Need accountability or discontinue.
Can't take anymore of this D':
Sweet. If you come around #rva let me know. When is the album going to be released?
hey real TALK i know it was called MARTIN but PAM was DAT mufucka i mean you Made The show good wit ur comebacks
East Andrews Cafe & Bar. 56 East Andrews Dr NW, ATL, GA. Goilli and Crystals Boutique Fashion Show. Come out
Anything for a birthday boy! Stay positive kid! RT : I'm a huge fan! Can I get a RT for my bday?! #TeamKyle lol
Gotta love when ex's of friends call u restricted to start shit...I'd be honored honestly to lay this kid jealous douche out
2-3-4 coming up for the #Brewers, down 0-1 after 5. What say we do something?
Tuantuan ranching is probably Hoth's number one enterprise for this very same reason.
Super glad it's friday! What is everyone have planned for your 4th weekend?!
In love with Mayday Parade :)
Wow can't wait to never ever have to set foot in this school again. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Cool. I have nothing to wear tomorrow -_-
Sounds like I'm going swimming (:
likely mentally ill i would guess. but dedicated! can't imagine it would be easy to get floor level seats for the playoffs lol
Is it wrong to make a Google Doc so people can sign up for time slots to see me over spring break?
I'm an Apple fan too! I look forward to Apple TV. Think Google TV, Apple TV, and Roku all have their individual strengths.
Most pools need to be shocked after a heavy rain.
Oh, My BAD! Lol. Not gonna lie, I miss you dumb self -_-
#OneThingILove is your smile i love it more when im the reason behind it
SolidFire talking about carving up the performanec of storage and alloting it out on an app by app basis
leaving at lunch.. epic.
; -___- just go to sleep already, since you refuse to text me.
I think Mike Tyson took a cue from The Situation and didn't use Comedy Central's staff writers.
Time to get your Happy on! www.cafepress.com/happytshirtco
What's your go to snack, ?
I need to stay in my financial lane!
thanks for mentioning the blog post!!!
Yes you will.
their is a guy tht looks like justin bieber im really freaking out what if its him
Just stop!! Lmao
Every choice you make is a chance to make the world a better place.
If you live here,we would totally be on our way to go see James Franco rn.ugh
Sleep over butStill awake can't fall asleep my cousin is snoring so loud
What dates. I'll be in Eulthera March 1-10. Lets link up for some photos.
Probably more like 2014. Will be lucky to be mound ready by mid season 2013.
Roger waters performing The Wall in its entirety! Not Montreal but one of the only 3 venues from the original tour...I guess this will do.
Today is sunday! It mean church day! Blood Of Jesus
#IWantYouTo want me the way I want youu.
Alright alright alllrrriiiggghhttt!!!! “: The heat gon learn tonight”
Im on da bus. We out to da fair with my bestie
Bahahaha ... Love this.
Not to be braggy, but my shadow is lookin so good today. Supa-model.
Coppin my first skateboard right now.. Wassup
From CDOT I-25 SOUTHBOUND at 84th will be closed in 30 minutes to clean icicles.
DJ Cyn Spinnin at CopperTop bottom of Peak 9 (Beaver Run Chair) starting at 2pm! Come get some drinks and listen to beats after you Shred!!
Live music at an exhibition opening versus background ambiance: what do you prefer?
Thanks for bringing us so much joy. Your future is bright. God Bless.
thanks so much!! :)
also next time I see you remind me to lend you ABRAHAM LINCOLN: VAMPIRE HUNTER THE BOOK
Listening to Beyonce makes me feel so hood.
Thanks dude. I'm pulling for you. You're the best, forget everything says.
51% Think Like a Man In Think Like a Man , an otherwise standard rom-com is partially elevated by a committed -- and attractive -- cast,
Imma have a double double tomorrow
Wow the crazies are out today.....
Thanks !! The old one was kinda growing on me... *sigh* but time for a new change.
You forgot to mention that Panetta made the troops disarm before the speech!
right back at ya Helene! It was so good to see u yesterday. Have a great weekend! :)
we got the race, cedar point already.. we are being pretty efficient so far lol
I just wanted everyone 2 know that is still my fav #hunkalert~he even offered to help w/ donations 2 my class
Ugh two weeks left for school....this Saturday trip to Disneyland for choir...ok plz let this week go by last.can't wait til the summer...
Daddy Yankee - Gasolina.
The wicked flee when no man pursueth; But the righteous are bold as a lion. (Proverbs 28:1
Who doesn't love a good cover??
if #BEARCATS loose you have to do a show next week with
I think everyone ought to get affluent and famous and do all that they ever desired so they may notice that it is not the reply.
Citizen's United lets ppl like Rove run riot as it is, but he's got 2 CHEAT w/a so-called issue ad attacking Obama? Unbelievable.
That last tweet brought to you by my niece. :)
RHEINGOLD final dress
"The Submarine that never was"..=)
Seriously. presents "Emails from Offputting Celebs." : "Chelsea Handler for HRC" email subject line is "Argh." We agree.
restore damage! “ Acela service cancelled today Boston to Washington. Amtrak crews working to restore damage caused by Hurricane.”
"side of photographer" ? Hm. Do show.
That moment you lay down n your brain wont stfu....
obviously not as fast as your taking over the world! Hope all is well.
A security technician died during an incident with a patient having a behavior health issue at Oregon State Hospital. No crime involved.
I'm so excited for saturday's #Rivoli cleanup that I'm already up!!
Retweeting a tweet with an emoji box and having no idea what it is because I have a Droid...
Chen out pitched Sabathia last night. Chen wanted the win, Sabathia wanted donuts.
Yes Sir!!! & are SAFE to dance again! Semi-Finals next week! Good job #PackerNation!
My stomach is on "E"
since your on a RT binge can I get one from the worlds most decorated gymnast?
pretty sure Pinterest is only adding fuel to the fire: for my shopping love
Excited for MFA open studios, SOFA, and Low Lives ,
Goodnight twitter..<3
So nice out! Winter jacket was def unnecessary
"Give me financial liberty,or I got debt." Paul IntheRears ;-)
not I :P
Good music should be like "fried chicken".....crispy,tasty and full of SOUL!
Good night!
Go read something good written by someone who doesn't have a mustache.
Fathers Day Book Recommendation number ten is the Amatuer Taxidermist by Jean Laurie! For a dad who loves to work with his hands!
hey Bianca wanna do me a big favor and press my follow button please it would mean so much to me if you did!! :)
#musiclib2010 Hot Topic #2: Are your libraries sharing resources consortially? Tossing print journals? Thinking of remote storage?
aww fr we gonna hang out sometime
I just literally fell down laughing hyun
Small victories: Woke up early enough today to fetch the paper from the stoop before the neighbors stole it. Gotta have my NYT book review.
Thanks for the kind mention, in such fine company!
You are most welcome. The site has helped me tremendously. Just thought I would pass it on. Thank you for the follow.
Well not necessarily deleted , but all of my contacts couldn't be moved to my iPhone !
I'll intercept your mail in case you're gone by then
I loovveee you too boo. Hang out soon? ^.^
I just seen a black Santa Claus with a white Mrs Claus, also a 7 foot elf. That is MLk's dream in living color. #o'charlie's
Just met Paul Rudd outside my office...#pistol was NOT slappin da bass
Y'all gettin ready to go to the club and we in MiMi's Boom Boom Room Drunker then a MFer
this much stress hurts my heart big time =(
really??!! pahaha where??
"Girl Scouts under scrutiny from Catholic bishops" #yahoonews Have their cookies been blessed by the Pope?
Been there. So, so many times.
Totes. RT : I might be late to this, but: haha - Check it out.
Thanks Dean and thanks curbed! I hope we can get you to help us make those stories! cheers!
Apologies if I caused confusion on the OPDS thing.
Trees are just the right height there
#Boston #Worst winner goes to Metro Boston News for advertising Camel Snuff Tobacco on the Back Page of yesterdays #Boston #Marathon edition
Update: Fire Under Control at Altavista Bank
So tired of ppl asking me if I have a g/f no sorry I'm f'n single and haven't found the right one yet... I don't like drama or arguing...
My name is Victoria Farias, and I'm addicted to shopping.
new shirts come out today!
Join us in room #3 for panel w/ John Aristotle Phillips: You have the voter list. Now what? #C&E
Agreed. They are really pushing the golf world into new areas.
I just realized my shorts r on backwards
Fantastic video! Thanks for sharing.
Heart. Leadership. Hard Work. More Heart. Says it all about #mubb's Jae Crowder - the Big East player of the year
So. Tired.
#10ThingsIFindAttractive blue eyes
Can't wait to watch this morning to see what says about yesterday's games.
This week- leading up to First Friday-! Come down to check out and see what they are up to...before the big show!
Good to hear! I could think of some many awesome things I could do with 20 million! :)
I'd liked the "+" (add transaction) icon on main screen to be larger
I think if you filtered Philip Glass a thousand times through YouTube uploads, you'd end up with Skrillex.
Did you try our new and improved Baby Got Bock this year? If so, please tell us just this one thing.... did it make you Horny?
Closing day!!!!
The insanity is media types who take to twitter and give their opinion as gospel, without having all the facts. excluded
Summer movie preview: From &#39;Avengers&#39; to &#39;Dark Knight&#39; rises, all the buzz on this season&#39;s blockbusters - and more
Wasup Wit you? I see you all Grown Now since the Maruader Days huh? LOL
Good? How about great! RT : Aw. I'm feeling very appreciated today. We make a good team. :)
Looks like I'm rooting for a Coyotes/Devils Cup.
Is it just me or are all those sexist jokes about girls being in the kitchen/making sandwiches old? Anybody? Or is it just me?
are they over the ear headphones or like in ear buds?
#ThatFriend who will go with you to get your first tattoo!!
Big day for the board force the hundreds of filter. lego millennium falcon but it's everywhere in labor!
To all those #teamfollowback spammers... I WILL melt your computers.
Doing great hun! How r u?
Family is in town for an early Mother's Day party. It's going to be a day full of good laughs, good people & good food. :D
attempting to turn my phone meetings into standing meetings. lets see how this goes.
Alfonso Soriano said that he is willing to waive his no-trade clause, but only if the Cubs deal him to a contender
you know nothing about fish
Don't forget the Chicken Soup RT : Why hasn't anyone invented a special delivery service for sick people? Like, ice cream ....
Happy Birthday to Novotian ! Thanks for the great RTs today.
I want to dance.
It I'm doubt that special person will call lol
So, so productive this weekend. Now it's time to get my fun on.
J Cole- "Nice watch" reminds me of Carlos.
To paraphrase St. Paul, 'you don't want to spend your life in the basics of the faith; get them mastered and move on.'
Just finished Daniel Suarez's Daemon and Freedom (TM) and LOVED them. Totally insightful and thought provoking.
that's bold lol. I'm making my comeback soon! Tell me your tricks!
I can't stand the Stankees, but Rivera is a real loss for the sport!
my #museolution is to embrace the fun of learning new skills. I will pursue the joy of constructive play, not just dutiful study.
Oh hello I see you follow us now? #cool <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
#stopkony OK. Where does national interest play into this? My Political Science degree and my general pessimism comes out.
Aw, shucks. RT : Happy Birthday to two of my favourite people, and
Trigger-happy American!
finally have the new site set up! It still needs a lot more work, but we are making progress.
Late for my own party.
Family home on #farm for 2 weeks means a lot of time spent with
The service at #Gustavs has really gone down the drain of late. Poor service, poorly prepared food. Disappointing!
A budget tells us what we can't afford, but it doesn't keep us from buying it.William Feather
Looks like got Jeffrey Osborne to sing at the #Dodgers games now. You know what that means.
El Caminos tonight
thanks for the valentine's day wishes :) and yes all of the girls getting ready to go out! I'm sure you were hopping too!
I'd be lying if I said this pic shocked me...I've seen this type of behavior more than once!
When is the album dropping yo?
And freaking dumb.
ok let's do like 6
No sparring for me today just going to get my run in!
13 mile run. Ouch
Mom thinks shes doin it in her new ride lol.
is looking for a poetry editor for its online magazine. Follow for more details or if interested!
Oh, okay. You should watch it sometime. Yeah, she is! I think so too!
i want some top roman lol
Yes, indeed! PR to target the stationary snob audience is something I can get behind. Site looks lovely!
Shit I wish I could just bust out a hoverboard right now...
I've been there. It comes and goes but it's funny the way people react when you tell them how you feel. Isn't it?
I believe I said hot
agreed haha. I don't think many drivers are thinking about stopping for cookies and milk.
I watched the most beautiful fund raiser for foster children last night on ABC everyone sanged so divine.
100% agree! “ ... needs an unabashed leader column! We have too much modesty, too subtle language #erl12”
Cool--can see it from tower cam now. Thx for heads up! : Double rainbow in NoPo #pdxtst :)
Santorum could stay in. Weird to say he can't win so he needs to get out because the guy who will win can't win with him being so pesky.
I like the #Phillies 'cause they're exciting. Just when the offense starts to pick up: the whole bench gets hurt & the bullpen collapses.
So excited for Sunday's inaugural Monroe Street Walking Tour. Should be a delicious and educational stroll!
iPhone's home button randomly goes from working to not working. I've had 6 replacement iPhones (9 phones total) since my 1g.
today is Kentucky Derby Day at Turf Paradise
My whole body is aching.. But w.e im going to school
Aww Newt I'm sorry, did your feelings get hurt #scdebate such a composed man you are
thanks!! Miss you
Round 2 good one
I STILL NEED MAHOMIES FOR MY VIDEO!!! Tweet me a pic of u holding a sign that says 'Love you Austin!' or something like that
Looked like a crazy ass running across the parking lot to catch my bus
"Consider it twat "
Tomorrow is a full day but I. Will. Find. Time. To finish looking into how to audition for #cirque. Now is my time!!!
Twitterverse: Let's say I have a bunch of photos from a small archive (they are cool with me sharing)- best place to upload/allow access?
My prom date is a total asshole.
hoping my boston friends have met their neighbor - he rocked a great edutaining preso at today's
Milwaukee stormed past San Antonio yesterday with listener hours on Rhythm & Jazz Radio with Dallas/Ft Worth, KC, ATL, and LA running close!
yea I'm coming to that conclusion that it's impossible to let go :/
this was for all the marbles- no playoffs. Manchester has 2 teams- United has 19 titles, this is City's 3rd. Boo. lol
12 team should have proven 9 players not needed. Did 96 team have top pick in draft ? & top 5 ? No way 12 team gets smoked
Gettin excited to get packer season underway!!
Pretty sure Tez ask's me to hang out before you when he ain't with his gf and that's the only bro I actually chill with.
If you want an instant face lift just smile.
sounds like u need some TLC.
Twice as many emperor penguins as thought in Antarctica, first-ever penguin count from space shows A new study using satellite mapping te
“going from from "bae" to "hoe", "i love you" to "i hate you", "i need you" to "fuck yo ass", "you're my everything" to "you ain't shit" <<”
Happy Birthday!
We are ready for some football, I mean, softball! RT : Heath Evans Softball-Who all is coming to watch your who dats in action?
Where is when I need her? Cheer me up and say something hardcore, anti-right please.
Young adult author, Carol Plum-Ucci, will be at the Metuchen Library on Sunday, April 29th at 2pm. Join us!
I'd put a million stick figure family stickers on my car before I'd put one for a politician.
A good factoring company knows far more about their clients than a standard lending company.
If Soup outpitches Yo... i dont even know what.
good point! there was a respons movie 2 tht named "The Inconvenient Truth Abt Waiting 4 Superman"i saw w/
trill shit G
North Loop has a handful of good shops… some nice vintage furniture shopping as well.
The NFL will unveil the new Nike uniforms on April 3rd. Hoping for some fun updates and combos for the Browns.
“: A #Pisces will ALWAYS think of ways to perfect their craft and make their grand master scheme come to life!”
Thanks so much! Glad you're liking them :)
Follow back me! Is an Hot account related to Watch porn online!;)
You're so kind Seiler!
because one direction are having a chicago signing
yep sure is. It burns!
Wow tonight was a good night. I even had the teachers dancing
Off to "baby TED" & super excited.
I would wait... I wouldn't want to ask to many times...
dang that was quick!! LOL ok filling it out now missy ... :) u r awesome as usual (but u know that already) !!
Your video response to Kony 2012 is AMAZING!!!! Thank you!
Is everything really bigger in Texas?
thank you kindly
We lured her into the room last night w chicken (our dinner that she clearly wanted). She stayed! Got on bed for petting, too :)
sure am. Section 137
In bed naked, typical :P
Thank you! RT : very nice place you have there - elegant and sexy!
I love music and of course i love me some Jesus but I still got a whole lot more love to give. Shout out to my future wifey whoever u r muah
Ive seen a few stories on there that were very critical of Assad and his actions.
he already knows what I'm going to do & He stills loves me, probably respects me a little more for not falling for your joke
My roast chicken is better than supermarket chickens.
I'm goo lol I'm happy :) the lakers won!
Gotta Go Get It!!!! RT : Ain't nothing Guaranteed ..
Wait til yall see this video for "Story To Tell"...due out by tomorrow...yall niggas better catch up
Bout To Take a Long Shower
Ashley Maya, the Marine accused of driving drunk, crashing and killing a fellow Marine will be arraigned this afternoon. HOJ
M I feel kinda refreshed after 10hours of sleep...who is ready for today's match? I know I sure am!!!!
tonight's NYR/NJ stage is bigger than let the boys pull a closet mission sober
Damn.. Rough ass start to the day.
Men in Black 3<3 I'm excited (:
We like this!!
hahha, noww how i'm suppose to watchh it?! >-<
Oh Jesus, we're running late, and Gwyneth Paltrow is singing? Someone just got fired. Where is Simon Cowell? Or a gong?
Lmao the night is still young
!!! RT : FREE MY NIGGA KIMBERLY!!!!! a.k.a K-DAWG!!!!!! she ain't about no cops, them cops spur they self!!
Baby your firework. After a hurricane comes a rainbow
All I want for my birthday is for the Cubs to beat the Sox
I should go to sleep.
Big news in Colorado: ESPN's says now that Peyton Manning has chosen Denver, Broncos will try to trade Tebow.
Let's go tigers!!
oh, ya know, closing with the guy who doesn't know/do shit. Losing my sanity. Nbd.
opps I meant and less on meat consumption, eck! :-)
Sweet. Got my phone set up and errything :D
Jesus wants you to know Him deeper, before He leads you further.
it's a Polish dessert, a donut with prune filling.
Happy Mother's Day to my mom, Elizabeth Barrows! Such I'm awesome person, I'm lucky to be her son.
Suu Kyi: Vote not 'fair' but significant
how goes fasting? can you drink lots of tea at least?
On Saturday we are hosting a craw fish boil at at 5PM. At 9:30 join us for some free music w/ Fried Grease.
he sure can't
The Silk Tie likes Somsak! Sweet tie, want more? thesilktie.com
thanks :) I'm just all kinds of falling apart. At least my hair covers the goose egg.
Looking back on old pictures realizing you were a troll
Cheesecake Factory has a new 'SkinnyLicious' menu? #It'sAboutTime
I knew I could count on you. Going to update the Wikipedia page now!
Just posted my first blog post in 6 months! #BlogathonATX is working! :)
Hey Sailor!!
Bummed that I'm not attending tonite's SM in Sports Night, hosted by the , as planned. But, hope to see some live tweets & a win!
We need to dispose of the idea that "if it wasn't part of my job description in 1985, it's not part of my job now."
Looks like the new ArtFire studio layout just went live.
Failure is not a prerequisite for success.
nobody remembers the journey just the outcome...
agreed, is the best. Thanks!
Good afternoon! How is everyone's Tuesday? We are doing some pre-spring cleaning & testing some new products today. Exciting!
Got my mom hooked on the #earthproject www.culturalinquiry.org/earth
We just announced the dates for our tour with and go check out the facebook for all the details!
When is the next bout? I'm a fan of
haha I thought my account got hacked or something #sillyrabbit miss your face
me too,lol i do NOTHING
Reasons Facebook sucks: Truth is. LMS. Rating. Sluts.
Got my speech over with, now I can just show up to class and pretend to listen. YAY!
thankss! I will!
That was a freaking waste of my 3 minutes of life D8<
Lil Boosie beat that murder charge today
Thinking we should kick off soup season with the local fave, Green Chile Stew...
Gr8 day, Dr. Moore! It's TX Independence Day. :) If you're as much of a coffee fan as , visit in Austin!
Hanging out is great! I love to chill but its not going to put A's in the gradebook or money in my pocket.
Agree >> RT : Pinterest will have the same problem as myspace??? way off base…
Here is one of the worst buck teeth pictures on twitter.... abortion to orthodontics
like HUGE
Double Bachman commercial during SEC Preview. Big bucks ?
I will check it out! What time will you be there until Friday?
realization: HS is/was scary for awkward nerds...FML
nothing matters when we're dancing!
eeeep! next weekend im going skiing for the first time. i hope i dont brake anything!!! gosh.
Thanks for the retweet buddy!
Anyone live in or near #Wausau, WI? Come hear Irie Sol tonight at 10:00!
Everytime I see you, feels like time is moving slow. It's unfortunate for me, I have some trouble letting go.~
Texting drunk is hilarious hahahahaaha
happy Mother's day!!!
We're looking for females ages 17-30 from all Caribbean islands to participate in our pageant!
I'm just going to start tweeting 140 character portions of my diss.
Quiero Irme a Canada u.u
#WBGO will turn on its new transmitter from Times Square at 1 PM today. There will be better reception in NYC
Oh man, FortuneCity! I'm pretty sure I had a page there in 97 or 98. Even though I had space with my ISP.
Pierce the veil <3
you just gave me an excuse to be too old on a bmx
#nw One Missed Call, creepiest movie ever<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
Don't they wear a uniform? RT : Jeter looking good. He always dresses well.
Science is the systematic classification of experience.
love this place!
always (: bt tht goes for u also.
Precisely. Well said
Missing my Sunday shows #GameOfThrones and #OnceUponATime. Love the DVR!
I'm wonderful :D how's school?
Popchips get me through until lunch
Try dabbing a few drops of sweet orange essential oil on your clothes. It can help keep your spirits bright throughout the day.
I think my dog is going crazy with the smell of the BBQ pork tenderloin in the slow cooker.
Ah(: this is the greatest thing I've heard all day!!(: THANK YOU(:
what happen at school..that why you
My heart goes out to the family of #JonathanFoster. May justice be swift.
Tired of being sick. Tired of complaining about being sick. Tired of being alone. ENT Dr. on Mon = the only thing I have to look forward to.
Drinking a 40 of mickeys for dinner.
Agreed - it takes a village: : Every sector of community must be involved in dramatically improving schools.
great to see Sol and my Peak Pals at the 8th anniversay party!
that last tweet was a really good joke
God is with us always even when we can't see Him
I swear, Brody is always working at taco bell. I see him whenever I'm there
Black Ken Niiiigggggaaaaaaaaaa *lil b voice*
OMG! Loving "Clean Freaks" on ! Super cool ideas.
me to that girl look white as fuck you lying
Yes love it when I'm raring to go, future
Have a Firehook Bakery Croissant for breakfast!! It's an all butter crescent shaped croissant made from scratch-delicious!
hahaha I love people like that-- my mom. She will not use her "inside voice" EVER and it annoys me so much.
my arms are on fire. why do i even try to work out?
How will you be tomorrow? Let me know. I'll catch up with you yesterday.
GO PACKERS!! No problem!
Funny Quote: I want to die peacefully in my sleep, like my grandfather.. Not screaming and yelling like the passengers in his car.
Robocalls keep coming. Weaver then Orange then Catania telling me to vote for Biddle.
the #NBA is still a thing?
I'm on the verge of crying tears of joy :P
Sorry , was super quick to respond - hope you can find a ticket for the #SMCSea event!
This is a tweet :P
Yo I'm going to a comedy show tomorrow Sunday night. Inbox me if u wanna go. Your ticket is on me! #GoodTimes - XavierLT. com
New beginning... new day
An Easter morning prayer: please God, let me catch this train. I'm trying to make it to your house! It worked. Happy Easter!
I am not anorexic! >:O you are not disgusting, stupid. -_- aw, I don't have chicken legs. :( YOU HAVE CHICKEN LEGS!
too cute!
LOLing with strangers
Deleting all your texts before letting someone see your phone.
we feel your tweeting and posting pain! keep at it!
Attention people and kids be happy that we don't have škøøl yayayya
Wood: Formalism as the physics of literature, describing how objects interact.
#SYEP participants must pay their own CompTIA A+ exam fees this summer after our training. #jobs are waiting if u pass!
Your link to counter to Chris Jordan's comments appears not to be working - but I'm curious! Post again?
Boylan Heights in C-Ville rock!
it's going okay. Just making sure all my I's are dotted and T's crossed. I'm transferring schools to where I work.
Porch drinkin in december but missing study long and hard BRO
Somehow you failed to mention that, m'dear. Why're you leaving the lovely Pacific Northwest?
I loved ur facial expression change when cathy said she gave away the bumblebee costume! Chloe is amazing!(: #DanceMoms <3
Wake and Bake : )
good field... How far along r u
I luv u april but I wish will follow me like u did plz tell her RT back<U+E415>
Just picked up a few shows in bakersfield next weekend! We will see you there!
Thought for this day: "Love does not consist in gazing at each other but looking in the same direction together." Antonne de Saint-Exupery
Life is like a box of chocolate In the middle of it you realize you're fat and nobody likes you.
Watching the 5-day forecast and wouza it looks great...warm. I'm loving this weather!
I'm just speculating but the shirts on the pro shops site with name and number are probably what they'll look like.
Hoot hoot >+@#WomenBuild< is in full swing with our global family of
Yet... I just don't understand why you had to leave. I'm upset OFTEN. Death SUCKS.
wow. Going to bed. Bye.
Matt don't be stupid. of course you couldn't.
Love the web cam, especially during the breaks! Hilarious! Any chance of adding the web cam in Denver?
you going to Ald?
Working on set with Bryan Cranston today- the day just got SO GOOD!!
Goodnight world!!!! I AM LOVING LIFE AND BREATHING EASY!!!!
missed calls from puerto rico worry me
Great Social Media Roundtable this morning.We presented on a way to monetize Facebook by setting up deals on pages similar to Groupon,...
All day today all i can think about is how i want to HULK smash things
thats for sure
Cool..will check it out in a bit. At bball
Snuggies kinda suck in the summer.
kind of strange mixture of Classical & 'Rock Opera'..I like 'Tie your mother down'..kicks @$$!!
...people are considering the source.
Cannot wait for #Madmen!
Yea Sixers!!!! Come on home baby!!!
It’s time to spring forward! Don’t forget to move your clocks ahead an hour before you go to sleep on Saturday night.
Just made reso at #borgne a la for my birthday Mar.1 as we celebrate in NOLA... I've got my eye on that coconut bread pudding!
#tech RT : Tons of people here at #ECHS #SWFL - Employers + Students =
I'll be in there for Bleu. Hangover + sun = OUCH. I could have warned you had you asked. Things I learned growing up in PHX.
I 311'd a pothole in scripps ranch and just saw it was filled!! Yay!
Hopefully Bollers next int is a touchback.
Go see tonight at the 92Ytribeca. Wish I could go!
The best way to "baby proof" your house is to wear a condom.
No prob ^^ The contest looks interesting :3.
I'm about to eat this jawn I got you later on this week
Taco Tuesday!!! 5 cent tacos for the night!!
guys who actually want a relationship and treat girls right are so much more attractive.
...and firms must do so to stop high gas prices leading to higher costs at the cash register.
you know your lazy when its 4:30 pm and you're still wearing pajamas
Thanks! At least I have my own Youtube show? ;)
“: does vodka count? haha...vodka always counts” <<<always. To bad u didnt bring some here, im having the same problem
TWITCH CALLED OUT JAKE THIS SAT. AFTER JAKES MOM CAME TO THE MM(METAL MULISHA) TENT TALKIN SMACK, JAKE DID NOTIN HAHAHA I HAD FRNT ROW SEATS
Missed you this year at #sobcon in Chicago!
i didnt at all!!!
So say them here, on twitter. I get it. You hate Emken...convince me why I should.
good ain't good enough.
FINALLY, some flavor change up at Porter Square, welcome back the veteran Lychee flavor, lip smackingly tart!
Wud uppers twitter peeps........wat u got goin on today..I'm feelin better today all need is my ride
is going to be on the Ellen show today..And I have to go take freakin math t-cap:(
what's going on?
Irritated as fuck!!!
Thanks guys for the follow! Have an awesome day all!
R.I.P. to the Godfather of Go-Go
You may have won today's battle doughnut, but I vow to win the war!
I hope to see you tonight 7pm when speaks to the Hispanic Democrat Club! 3720 Farragut Av 3rd floor, Kensington
the 26th! Can u make it?!
Just throwing this out there: GI Joe MMORPG. Can someone make that happen?
Can I kick it!?
#2ThingsIAppreciate Tom Sellick's mustache and mermaids
Hello world!
you gotta pay double tonight huh? That is too funny! I told my son the tooth fairy doesn't pay for dirty teeth.. brush!!
Aw, man! Some jerkwad broke the sink flower pot in the median.
Brewers baseball kicks off today, lets go Crew!
One of the benes of the DU gym is checking out the latest in high school tees: "AP European History 2010, Mr. Montgomery." + kids' names.
Horror movie because...? Of how the Indigo Girls are playing?
um...like have you started the count down? Exciting!
I stay high as fuck
Its good...I'm just watching the games for now. What do you have planned for today?
Hey guys. Make sure you follow the new spot opening in Lincoln Park
Today is the last day of our jewelry clearance event. Chat live until 4pm ET if you have any questions.
come back! We need to get birthday drinks with !
so it is
shits fucking comedy "It's purple on the end of it"
Wish my day was going better...
OMG - He is adorable!
Never again will I have a 5 hour energy shot and a rockstar together.
I'd sell my soul to Anna Wintour to be at
Indianapolis Colts&#39; Andrew Luck heads back to Stanford
I hate you
FUK WIT MY GURL FOLLOW HER OR FALL OFF :)
I did this yesterday with largely positive results. Next time, I'll tweak a bit. Fun in-class assignment.
And what was it for, the swimming pools The highways, the ballgames in the dusk On the battlefield A time we were so foolish and so young.
pretty good. things are insane right now, but i think i'll make it out of the school year alive
you could write them prank rejections...
Working on it.
Tonight could be your calling card. New York here you come?
Yea I'm gonna have another, more comprehensive discussion with her for sure. Thanks
I just earned the Meathead badge on #Yelp!
playing the game w/ my seessssteeeerrr <333
but not today becuz my boyfirend come down here
WI billionaire's business pays zero dollars in state taxes, gives 500K to Walker, wants to crush worker's rights. This is wrong.
Limited $100 general admission pre-sale still available at all CRAVE locations but they are going fast!!
Charles Mingus, bassist, composer, "Angry Man of Jazz", born 22 April 1922 He came & walked up 4 studio flights so I could photograph him
Wow, 10 assists in 15 minutes is really impressive. Easier to rack 'em up when surrounded by three future hall-of-famers, though.
I can't believe I made the grave mistake of not already following Met her at #foodprt. The girl can cook! Check out her blog.
Headrest Car DVD Players - Dont Buy Until You Watch this List - headrest dvd player
but I didn't even try I just hit reply to you.. lol
You guys in DC?
Thanks Mitch I would've had a great day if Miami did not blow that 15 point lead ! Monday Night Ravens -9 buy.5 looks good
lol, no threats
": Everyone seems normal until you get to know them."
What did the medivac study at college?
Pleased to have opportunity to speak to Gen. Fed. Of Women’s Clubs-- Appreciate their support!
Got an elder person in your house??? Tell them to come get their wheelchair cleaned for free right now!!!
Swinging 101 presented by Jason, owner of SwingFest and his wife for over 16 years Russy. Don't miss this seminar at Swingfest 2010!
mcdonalds breakfrast goes nice with a hangover..
Thank you, sir!
when are you going to make it in?
EVERYbody has mood-swings. #TheTruthIs, the world is just full of crazy ass people. lol. xD
Great song for the soul
Review: The First Rule of Ten" is an engrossing and off-beat mystery about a unsettled young man who is trying to attain serenity.
.. I guess I should quit twitter. And facebook. And babysitting. And life in general if I want to get through this month.
She sucks at sucking! lol
happy birthday! :)
Our randomly selected winner of two free tickets to our October 8th show is !
There's a girl talking on her phone, riding in the "quiet car" & you can barely even hear her. Awesome! This loud pollack needs to learn ...
Looking for a game testing job that will enhance your skills? Then, check this job post
the investment of your time to talk to supporters and generally listen to feedback is quite simply amazing. Much respect!
Quasi frivolous suit : I still smile when I think of how the vendors who sued UCLA had their case dismissed ...
But yes, that's the basic premise. He has 1/2 C talent and plays as checker with us.
pot stickers are wannabe dumplings.
#wheniwasacrab Mr Ellis had the piccolos n clarinets do the back that thang up dance infront the whole band lol
And I'm pretty sure or we're probably involved the other time as well
RT : Discussed the #Chen case The #publicdiplomacy fallout will be on perceptions of human rights in...
We're working on it! :)
the MAX I would never suggest it.
whats the craziest thing you've ever done?
Vilma is really suing Goodell for defamation...this is going to get ugly and FAST.
back from courthouse & mcdonalds w/ Blake. now 2 get ready 4 basketball practice w/ Logie.Blake said all his ABCs to the courtofficer today
Like a Troll? Somewhere in Norway? Because I'm actually starting to think they exist.
How 'bout some more tour pics?
Woke up this morning to find Aero's first tooth poking through!
I'm mixed, although, i have been looking for 1 more iOS notification on my device. tie in some open graph = yum
Marmots: Here are entered works on several species of marmots. [From our "Adventures in Cataloging" series.]
#OomfNeedsTo realize where home is at <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
Spyware at work. Nice. As much as I love the idea of porn sites popping up at random, it's making it difficult to get anything done.
I agree. I also think he would drive a Camero.
Happy #mm all you #musicheads out there. Any suggestions?
I'll be in Seattle, my new hometown, probably at the Space Needle watching fireworks.
Eating old halloween candy. Interesting after tastes... This cant be good. Ahaha.
that's exactly what he did. I finally set up a dedicated FTP server but I've only got 150gn right now lol
Working @ Lavalette office this morning. Then meeting in Dunbar this afternoon.
don't know
I have some venture$$ for you aswell man, Get back with me !
We all have 168 hours a week - no more, no less. Are you making the best use of your 168? If not, why not?
At the stroke of midnight everyone said "Happy New Year!" I said "Happy Hanna Montana!" I just wanted to be the first to say it this year.
add Pedro too but i wouldn't put him over those 3
assuming you have already garnered the appropriate training, that is.
Alright. No more tweets until Tuesday. Shutting down for communicationshutdown.org
Im cold like a midnight in Aspen. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A8><U+26C4>
good point xD
People who create their own drama, deserve their own karma. Ha!
Observing children with
This must be what Jennifer Aniston experienced when she heard Brad and Angelina were getting married.
Everyone has photographic memory; some just don't have the film.
Damn bro :( Get better soon man, hopefully its nothing to harsh.
That's very cool. Thanks for sharing.
Calvin Klein, you magnificent wizard.
We just made our Capon reservations!
Not an issue, im not running for pres #ifIwerelesbian & if I was running, i'd marry a girl just to make it interesting
- Afraid of you? Hahaha and you were 25 missed calls from my mom ...
mines was great i missed you too <3
And yet they all have those annoying seeds RT : Well they do have several different fruit versions of "Newtons" now
WOW!!!!!!!!! Just finally caught up on the last 3 episodes of #HouseOfLies. UNBLIEVABLE SHOW!
You know it's hard to turn down business but it feels good when you do it for their best interest.
yes! My mom and I will both be there :) Are you?
When I just want to look at your face <U+25BA>
i deserve a follow back because everywhere I go ppl think is real and I stand up 4 you and tell them to follow you
#maestrosays get up to the studio. ASAP.
Celebrate St. Patrick's Day with savory corned beef and cabbage at Daily Grill - tomorrow only!
Smurfs taste like chicken but give you bad gas...
Dennis Dixon should start if Ben cant go imo.
You can provide all the tools needed to succeed to someone. Only they can make the decision to commit to themselves to be successful.
#PeopleShouldStop acing better than everyone else.!
I don't want manning. Tebow better stay.
Third Suggestion, Check your schedules with each other and surprise your love with a trip to his/her favorite restaurant during the week.
The Annapolis Area Sonic is opening in a little over a week. >3106 Solomons Island Rd., Edgewater
Yes, I would consider it. My car sits idle on weekdays in my garage. I'm trolling their Help sections to see how I really feel...
Meet w/ team drivers, Meet w/ Crewchief, time alone to chill and focus
Seriously is it really going to be like this all season? Everytime Braun touches the ball they boo?
Just got home from a great Doc HoneyPunch show at 12th and Porter. Got booked instantly for Bowling Green, KY.
Had an absolute BLAST playing the Bluebird Cafe and with ....definitely more shows to come!
I like the play-dough idea
Thank you all for being patient with me on my first ever twitterchat.
needs a Tardis.
It's about scaring the shit out of every nerve in our body, but pushing forward anyway.
So for the next few years I have more competition for jobs to secured healthcare, but they're still separate. Great.
JUST opened sale of over 50% off special for Now, I can sit back and watch results of the Iowa Caucuses come in. GREAT day!
woohoo, i am so excited!I expect a personalized message on my complimentary signed poster ;D i tease,i tease.it'd be cool tho!
O theres a bonus to no one here! Close parking;)
jus sayin in your pic you got the lip position down packed.lol
some of that stuff is actually quite funny
One day Im going to get a nose job.
Thinking about how different it feels to pray to Goddess rather than God...hm...
The Spring Release party for our fab Spring 2012 Issue is Friday! Food, live music & readings by Steve Adams, Stu Dearnley & Darren Jackson!
Where you at ?
Every muscle in my body is flicking me off right now.
Want to win tickets to see band Real Estate with on Friday? Share and retweet, so your entered into the drawing.
Woody Allen is just the thing then!
what is going on with u tonight lol smh??
I'm looking foir a GOP caucus that's expecting a high turnout for a story. Tweet some ideas PLEASE.
"Little squirrels" with her. (Amazing)
Style Gets a Boost
IKR I just heard a week ago that #RayJ and #WhitneyHouston might be close with each other now this....
eat it
All recent pending orders were shipped today! Expect packages to arrive shortly for those of you who have been waiting.
haha that's awesome, can't believe it. Should be illegal.
Hey! RT: Bev Perdue really isn't that bright is she? Tonight NC took away civil rights she already voted to take away? WTF?
I agree
Going to tour my dream college this summer: University of Pennsylvania <3
...read a book bitches.
i seriously can't get over how damn funny is.
fine just ignore me that's cool!!
Avoid 435 EB from State Line to the 3 trails crossing (triangle).
really?!?! That's odd. Maybe that's why you moved there. You REALLY SHOULD GET ONE! :/
When a totally random person insults someone you hate and you're like, "Guess I just found my new best friend."
Whew, been a busy holiday. Is it still Monday? Can't believe it's September already.
Thank you Dorothy, that is so appreciated! I am so blessed to have such wonderful fans and friends like YOU! Have a blessed day!
Though I'd hesitate to call it an excuse. He lives in a super-science universe. There's almost definitely a better solution.
got it off today!! Whoop whoop!! Hopefully I'll practice in a couple of days :)
Watched "Exit Through The Gift Shop" with #Banksy. Now sporting sideburns a civil war survivor would be proud of.
Congrats to on achieving his #1 ranking. Well deserved.
Thanks--I wasn't!
“I was off on what was, I suppose, the most profoundly affecting experience of my life”- LT heads to the middle east, WW1
Epic beginning to North Shore weekend: saw a wolf and got 2 growlers from Castle Danger brewery. So good!
could the same be said for fish?
Let's cut the reindeer games -- no one talks about Mulan because her hair was flat. THERE, I said it!
Wait for a sign from Gozer the Traveller; he will come in one of the pre-chosen forms.
Truth is, everybody is going to hurt you; you just gotta find the ones worth suffering for
I've dealt wit that guy long enough lol
Lips was hella dry today lol
lets go #bayern!!!
We're going to attend Return to Forever w/ Zappa Plays Zappa in Nashville, TN tonight. I believe they'l be serving a main entree of fusion
At Neal Wyatt's reader's advisory workshop this morning. . . Good stuff!
Thats right! Finally found it :)
Cant believe it's Christmas Eve. Tomorrow! :)
#IDontNeedALoveSong could sing me the white pages. Great Show Tonight!
Upside-down in Bryant Park
#WhyDoPeople have to hurt, bully, talk shit, chastize others? Why not heal, befriend, socialize, uplift others?
Oh candy corn...you are addicting...
Thanks to everyone that came out dancing last night!
Your welcome! Glad to see you're keeping busy. We have to get you more shows. Follow me again so I can send u a DM.
way to go jillian. I am running my first 1/2 in two months
56% won't take a job that bans social media
Life Is Life. Live It Right Or When You Die You Wont Be Left With Success. Mistakes Are Mistakes. But Try To Change them before it to late.
We'd go to LA—vist our studios, the ocean & RT : If you had a one way ticket on where would you go?
woot i got my old version of tweet deck back
It's probably totally useless to note this, but I think I could get up to 1000 followers before the end of the year.
So stoked for some new songs, a new direction, and making things weird.
There's more to life than what I've seen I must keep exploring
thanks for the follow! ;)
haha, It's crazy!!! I hate coming back home to work here on the weekends!
I'm having some friends come into town next weekend, and of course we want to go out and party.
RT : American gas stations now make more money selling food (and cigarettes) than gasoline. - via Seriously.
Flip flop what u smoking??? Bulls going to win chill !!! Flip flop joker!!!
I think the 6 of us got a preview when u were on d mic.RT :Just got2 Personally feelin very <U+E141><U+E326><U+E311> tonight&excited to play.
that is awesome!! do you know any other socal fans?! :D
Thinking Kale Ale is going to be the next big thing
Re-signing Gogi would be tricky. With KMart's contract, DM can't take on another 10 mil/yr deal w/o it hurting chance to sign big FA.
Start the clock
Ignorance, the root and the stem of every evil. - Plato
Justin Jones-Fosu will be our guest speaker for tomorrow's Toastmasters meeting. For details please send a message or visit the website....
love your work - looking forward to meeting you !!
Gosh can't take this shit anymore
Spending the day quoting clients for imprinted promotional products Enjoy your Saturday!
sorry you are sick
haha hey Chris!!!!! :) I'm waving back right now!!!
According to the dentist my teeth are 'pretty'...
back on Thursday, short trip! How long you here for??? You, Jake and I need to hang!
lol whats wrong w/ Atherton . I used to go there .
It's not just the ladies.. is another celeb who will never starve himself to look good for a part again... Kudos to him!!
oh wow I had no idea he was already injured! He should totally sue, loss of potential earnings and all.
Ok no more tweeting for now, time for business lol i got ur mafia name "two timing thoubinator" lol
Nothing makes me want to visit a city more than seeing 's teary-eyed approval.
thanks. Dissertation has been relatively lonely time for me. Very glad for family & friends!
Thanks so much for visiting Visit us again soon & enjoy your cannolis!
We'll have to drink ourselves into another dimension when I come back!!
great interview and performance on Howard Stern. You got a new fan. TY
hey I send friend request on game center and wanna meet ps I'm a mahomy
I'm officially a proud cancer survivor! I BEAT CANCER!
if you click on my name you can't access FB as me can you?
Does nobody out there know anybody buying up full tilt money?
The #heat vs #knicks series features 3 of my least fav players bron melo and baron
im here in Ohio, & its 11 degrees, bro you cant be freezing(:
Ridin&#39; for a reason: Event raises funds for public safety scholarships
best sentance of the article "Well, screw that. We need some new heroes." cc:
wimp. You said you like running more anyway hahaha. Thinking about taking that one back now? Haha
you caught that! Ha!
miss you too!
Well I'm not going to school :)
Today is a 'spicy tuna for lunch' Friday.Bring it, salmonella.
10 hours of globe and now I write my name backwards
Do, or do not. There is no try.
Big thanks to & for their lovely "Morning Records for Night Owls & the Faint of Heart" work in No.2.
I keep sayinig "impressive" on both sides but it is: Ducks convert turnover to Tuinei touchdown, 42-38 Ducks lead to start 4th.
Feels so hot out! #loveit <U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
Airwalk literally rock my socks!
Isaac's friend Patrick made a creamy jalapeño dip that was pretty close to the real thing! He's obsessed with Chuy's.
check out . his music is hot we have been working with him from the beginning and watched him grow in2 a icon. so proud
So twitter has a tweet, follow, AND DM limit?! like, wtf??
Is that right?
So glad that the Midwest is finally catching up to the east coasts obsession with frozen yogurt
article is awesome as usual!!!!
s/o to Atlanta girls p.s stay trill
NCN=NEED COFFEE NOW!!
Ima be honest.. Im ready ta be back in Orlando.
I also love my best friend!
Hey B! Things could be much better, on the eve of my birthday. But life goes on and I'm hangin in there. Thanks for checkin!
Thanks for following back. You are wonderful.
thanks. i'm excited about it. it's kind of like books on tape.
Spent the day researching literary agents. Quite a few look interesting, which is good b/c not all of them are going to love me. Really?
How am I bored? Its Friday smh
It seems some people have a filter in their brain that tells them "don't say that". where can I get one of these??
hope we can shoot together in the near future
Awesome day :)
Officiating a wedding tonight.
Time is on your side. I don't know you well enough to give advice, exc 2 say that this feeling occurs even IN great relationships.
If y'all females don't stop fucking fighting ima whoop both of y'all little assess!
We just got done with our Photoshoot with Chris Martin, lookin great. www.facebook.com/iatfofficial
Thanks! Needless to say we're pretty excited!!
the entire breakfast club is crazy. Thata remix is some funny s@#$ I have to listen to ita every morning.
: Downtown=>$1 Coors bottles, live band (s), and no cover for college students (just show student id)
My life has been full of terrible misfortunes, most of which never happened. -Mark Twain
MillerCoors aims to ramp up mobile marketing efforts to engage consumer base. www.zesmo.com
No school for me today hahaaa! Sleeping in. Warm bed. Fuzzy PJ's. You mad!
Ted ginn jr. A niner huh
Twittering about twirling: Observations on Diablo Ballet&#39;s March 2 &#39;tweet seats&#39;
Me&MyBigSissy are STC Elite cheerleaders!<U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089>
Watching #GranTorino again :) One of my fav movies! #ClintEastwood will always be my hero
Oh what a week. Rain, Thunder, Lightning, Flash Flood Warnings, and an Earthquake!
People who think it's always about them <
Nope, just providing information about politician's fundraising. Fact aren't hate. Is there something to hide here?
ERMERGERD I'M GETTING MORE SUNNEH DEE.
hey guys, i decided to go to Applying Open Source to Any Business, sitting behind and
LIVE! #10HoursWithMikeMurdock "The Best Person To Train You...Is The Person Your Serving."
RT : Yield curves and inflation expectations in Global Economic Environment this morning
What a BEAUTIFUL day in Colorado! How are you soaking up the sun today?
RT : Happy Easter! Christ is risen! God bless all of you as he continues to bless the United States of America!
999-take from the poor and give to the rich.Sounds like a recipe to guaranty a Democratic victoy.So, I am endorsing Cain for the nomination.
Thx for checking in! LOVE being able to suspend+quit then launch+resume. Most on-demand friendly VM experience ever!
IVY: The default for academic settings is public. Does this allow a safe space for uncomfortable conversations that must happen?
for real!? Oh that's song is totally not gay!!!
Woof. "No threat" sums it up
Twitter is far superior to Facebook... but I still haven't quite mastered it. #Twitter tutor
Love when I get random texts that say: did I just see you on tv?! HaHa why yes you did! :)
thanks will do let's keep the energy moving forward
I guess it's a no for my amp to be plugged in right now ;-;.
My dad is Not gonna buy the ingredients to help make my mom Chicken Alfredo <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
oh wait I won't be there Monday could I email it to you?
To the mother's everywhere....have a Happy Mother's Day! Mother's Day 2012©
Aw that's so sweet the way you call me babe, But just tell me how many girls you have said that 2... i wish i could let go but i cant idk Y?
Just finished watching all the episodes of #HowIMetYourMother on #Netflix. Vacation well spent.
Congrats Modern Family cast! Kids did a great job accepting.
That moment when you're laughing so hard and you try to stop, but you look at that person and laugh again.
Maintaining corporate culture has to be a challenging when you start grown from a small team to large staff
*slips onto campus, coffee in hand*
had some very promising meetings today with a few new clients... now back to editing!
Werd. I didn't know you were in town. I got you.
I don't recommend staying at Caesar's Palace. The worst customer service I have ever had at any hotel and every employee has been rude! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
Pure love is a willingness to give without a thought of receiving anything in return.-- Peace Pilgrim
hi cuzz!! What u up to these days?
For sure! Hopefully we can find a innovative way to keep the students engaged. Still love that idea of yours!
she's great thanks for asking!
my tweets would be a lot funnier if i was famous
on my phone (x
Why is it so hard to save money :(((
Why do I always see a black midget at pet palace?!
I get on twitter so u can know my thoughts. When I feel like sharing them
Feel better! :) RT : Been sick the past two days so haven't been tweeting /: probably won't be tweeting much today either
You meet so many awesome educators from around the world and find resources you wouldn't find otherwise!
RT Now we show our respect for #TroyDavis w/ 1 hr of silence You are a true martyr May your journey be well The wrld is w/ you
If Ellsbury only played once every 5 days, would you consider him MVP material? Don't blame the voters. MLB needs a rule change.
it really is cool! glad to see a kid get the message!
well looks like our pitching isn't gonna do so hot against the best offense in the league...
Thank you! Motivating ourselves to eat healthy & exercise is a never-ending task, no matter what we weigh. Merry Christmas!
yep. I sure am.
are u going to wacth the brits awards
Dear Bumpass Hounds, 5:30? Really? What was it - the wind, a squirrel, or a puff of dust? Knock it off! Me.
omg chris snaps told me your car was nice but shit you better whip that around the Stahle house this summer!
I love Mint Condition's "Someone to Love". Jamming MC while my Mythology students take their exam.
#morningmusic is the one and only:
So who out there has a Tumblr? Is the verb "to tumble"? Or rather, "to tumbl"? Is the past tense "I tumbld"?
- Thanks for the follow and Don't Forget the Sunscreen.
thanks, Alan. Still have your fire analogy in my head!
G'morning to you too. Sure wish we were watching you as the Super Bowl QB tonight. Was still a great season tho - thx.
wow, my apology, please accept. Wont send anything again!
Today is going to be a stressful yet great day oan: World Civ II exam at 8am.
what are you looking to buy?
hope you're doing okay mama
im thankful for chris brown who brought joy and peace to the world in #our hearts <3
why are you sorry for what
Rare to see celebs NOT on Twitter. Looked for Spike Jonze & Karen O (Where The Wild Things Are) tweets on Maurice Sendak death, to no avail.
Good luck
I cannot bring myself to have a single optimistic feeling about that movie. I hope you can change my mind!
hahahaha!!! What can I say, I get a little excited sometimes!
#GCB fans get your tickets to the #IntheArtoftheCity event and After Party! is hosting!! #ITAOTC 05.03.12
Boy, I wish I could :-( Who is going to Miami? I'll be there!
Last day to enter Katy Trail 5k Caption Contest! Box of Magic Cookies could be yours! ($27 value). "Like" Biosanes. Comment under fave pic.
Okay. always tells me that I look like David Archuleta kind of. Is this true? I've heard it from a few people lately.
oh lord that would have been a bigger scene LMAO
Tony Parker and Antonio may not play.
Good workout. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA> time to get ready & hit up the Southside .
my fb is acting up
I wish we'd thought to have you on to talk about it. Are you ever free around 11am ET on Sundays?
400 each!! that's 2,000 words!! plus resume + cover letter...
Thanks hun, what's new with yah?
Thanks for retweeting and listing us! :)
Yay! RT : We’re almost at 100k followers! Help us hit the big number and we’ll open up the NYMag freebie closet.
Wait...Jaymz is in the midst of playing 3 Irish pubs in 3 days in 3 different cities?....someone please put out an APB..
I'd slap you, but that might be considered animal abuse.
Hey, so really skinny ppl can wear a big belt buckle & sit at a table for hours, and not have it hurt them?
you're welcome, but I gotta make sure that gets the props for the Yogi Berra pizza quote.
Lmao my mom just said Wade got brand new after he won the championship
Lol these folks at church are too funny
Although I'm a diehard Celtics fan, good luck tomorrow.
goodmorning Austin((: Just heard your new song, amazing! Great job Austin((: I love it!! <3
Thanks for all the follows everyone! As soon as we can follow more of you, we will! www.myhelpfullinks.info
it was SO great to share this weekend with you. Seriously wonderful! xoxo :)
Best way to understand how games can promote social change? Play one! Games available anytime in Resource Central at
eating vegetable soup whilist watching eat delicious jersey shore grub. so jearous
God I can never get Greyson to follow me you are lucky
#nerdlife is good
Met some good people. Learned some good info. Lot to think about
now i reached 2010 directs in 2010 cool thanks to all my new stringers you guys rock!
He who smiles in a crisis has found someone to blame.
I'm always strapped
just went outside and farted.
Even the streaming playlist on 's website goes hard! He is gonna tear up once again on Friday!
thanks(: I know.
#Tigers winning by 4, feels like it's tied...
If you missed it, we will be taking donations at www.themutes.com through 5/31 for Jim DeBroux who suffered a spinal injury. Please give!
sleep deprived. Don't stay up all night! thanks for the help. :D
im so depressed right now an I dont wanna buy a replacement wit the 5 comin out
I'm nosy, I'll follow you. Love, Ush
yes amen. I pray we all have a greater hunger and thirst for Him. More Him. You got it thanx for sharing it with us.
Drinking tea.
I wanna fucking leave my house
I knew I should have done
Thanks to 4 talking #Baseball - and likin anybody who plays the #Dodgers! #FirstEdition knew we liked u 4 a reason
Just had to help a senior patron with a no-wifi Kindle ebook download (USB only?!). Ridiculous! He'll never download another ebook.
1st thought: I knew there was a reason I dug The Brooke Baldwin. 2nd thought: Just once? We need to add to that total, asap.
Whenever I see the word "utilize" I am morally offended. Personal pet peeve. - Zach
Woohooo finally! Now time to go #Occupy a bar with my #Bartab #app hahah! I love $1 drinks! Who wouldn't?
Overheard in JP: "Aw, man. I am so hungover." "Me too." "You know what I want?" "No, what?" "Fake chicken."
I sure will. I haven't Been home since Christmas
Well its time to take this check and do what I do best.....
hey. Nice face.
when Bush as in 2.50 was to much for gas not some are saying 4.00 might be a good thing. WTF are these Dems smoking?
Yeah, to complement Frank Gore and the leagues best defense. Sweet.
nice during the summer yes, winter not so much
had me at Buffalo.
check your DM! : )
Just seen Anjoli, she's still fine even with her kid
- we tracked it awhile back with his white DW sparkle kit. Man that thing is yummy
but all the cool kids will hate it because it's (call of duty)
tag him, then.
Wow. They're playing like me.
hey... sharing is caring. :D
So it begins today, the best time of year. The NCAA Tourney... GO #mubb Make me proud, once again I've got you winning it all.
Yessir RT : This series gonna be crazy
i'm sorry but I hate when I let my friends borrow my stuff ONCE then they keep using it. most annoying thing ever.
I need a drink.. im bored and this insomnia sucks!
No prob, thanks for hosting us!
Glancing at my travel schedule for the next FY and breathing a sigh of relief... it's a lot less hectic.
just watched the buzzer beater for the win
calm the fuck down everyone
I have seen little boys both ways, one ear ring and two ear rings, just like you see many men doing these days.Most men have 2
Bar customer told me he knows I like guys w/ faux hawks because I'm wearing a belt. If that's not reading into fashion I don't know what is.
The most important thing in communication is to hear what isn’t being said. – Peter F. Drucker
Ever accept a facebook request from a cousin you don't know all that well then realize they are the most crass ghetto person?
is a very happy girl; <3
Just heard on news: Bank of America no longer biggest. Power to the PEOPLE.
I am furious. I go to sleep Boo.
WOW FUCK U UGH
what?! they need to stay home for much longer, this is too much for them :((
you can do it! How about a stationary bike. Only allow yourself to watch MadMen if you are exercising!
you are so nice. :-) thx 4 listening. Im serious...hang inthere
MILLIONS of football related brain injuries children suffer EVERY year aren't accidents They R results of adults learning on the job.
haha. Good idea. But im going to hiphop soon so xD :)
#IfYouRap and your girl is the only one talkin bout your music on Facebook...YOU DO NOT HAVE A STREET TEAM!
When reading your wife's rez, make sure you don't think everything is GREAT-n-WONDERFUL. Might be doing you and your spouse a dis-service.
how could u hate me im me
even asking to speak to a sergeant about how we can work together
Turnt up dumb high right now
"Who's that bitch looking at me?" "Nan, you're just looking in the mirror.."
Just received my registrant clearance from The Bar.... Time to celebrate!
Opening up this week at club galaxy in maywood, ca.my first edm club.Im so excited.I need all my supporters there.I will really appreciTe it
Crystall gon' show you things you're not supposed to see.
didnt tweet much yesterday! Im still waiting to know what she did yesterday that was one of the coolest day's ever! :]
Hi - any tips for Mexico All Inclusives?
We have to make that happen, soon! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Thanks! I just optimized my Pinterest with Bacon (^_^) !
Hm... pretty sure that although a twitpic of boobs would get us attention, most of our female clients might get a bit upset. Maybe.
I hope you spin your remix of "Sweet Dreams"!
let me kno after u Watch it. "The Plan-a-arium"
Are you listening to late night dedications on 94.9 again?
Enjoyed seeing my friend perform tonight in #Hollywood! #improv Also special shoutout to team Medium Cool. Hilarious! :)
so I'm really going to tomorrow land. end of story belgium here I come.
There are #27million slaves in the world today. That's more than anytime in history.
Naturally this is happening on an evening I actually sorta kinda feel like talking~
thinking, studying, listening to music...
What restaurants would you like to see specials from this summer? (Include the restaurants Twitter if they have one!)
I'm sitting here listening to Keep Calm and Carry On and eating Ben & Jerry's ice cream.
Hot af and its only 6 in the mornin
wut the crap everyone's been tellin me that and it REALY creeping me out and idk wut to do?!!:/ thanks for tellin me..advice needed
First show: May 11th - - multi-media event with music, art, video, and more.
I find it impossible to study on the weekend, at home, during the playoffs smh
not digging the new trend towards services that require "invites". moves us further away from democratic web IMHO.
#CHRISBROWN I LOVE U
What do you suggest to make the videos compelling ?
This dude just got up and pull his underwear out his ass in this lady face and sat back down.
:) actually happy.
Someone got into an unlocked gray car, in front of a home in Alamogordo, and stole a checkbook from it. No suspects, but that will change.
stop it with the Norris cole stuff. He's an nba rotation guy only
Now hiring
“: #nowever How do you know you're watching #MadMen? They can afford to use actual Beatles songs. That's how.”// good point
yep, it was a blast!
Moving customers thru checkout process efficiently, courteously: every retailer's objective. CPS releases QuikLine for automated queuing!
I kno I have to come and get u
I skied at Breck a week ago. Love that place. Nice snow.
o when u got class then
Y do dis lady set up business meetings nd den she neva here to meet wit da ppl
Play defense and offense simultaneously #womcc #negativecomments ~
Ive got the moves like jagger. LOLJK, I dance like an awkward penguin.
follow bro thats my new pg
holy fuck, dude. Your profile pic is SO FUCKING HOT. Also I love you. :)
he is THAT cute. My aunt was all like omg tell me what happens bcus she knew it was going to be a surprise :D
"help" means i get pointed to documentation that might assist me in solving my problem.
I wonder if will ever follow me =( im going to give up... I love u jb
“: I want to get the kind of drunk that can only be referred to as " " type of drunk” Glad that's a thing
it brings back so many memories and makes me realize that once he gets famous it will never be like that ever again
thanks for everything you did for the bbn!
Cross my heart I hope you die, left by the roadside. Karma's a bitch, right?
and so are you<3
really like the sanits...but gotta love Farve! what a story...
really??!?! Why not?
RT : Man! Who you telling with them braids! No one with braids is consistently successful<< lmao,
Back looking for great deal and helpful links to pass along to my followers. Okay I admit that sounded strange. Like I have 'follower'. Haha
Doubt the Caps will be able to win two straight games. Ughh this day sucked.
Is anyone out there considering Mendeley Institutional? Seems really pricey for what you get, but wanted to hear other opinions ..
Uh oh. Man down!
LoL nothing wrong with that! Hm him as an intellectual bad boy on Mad Men! *What's left of brain oozes out* (o-0)______
What I would give for a Salad...
We should have a string telephone from my room to yours. just thought of that cause i was wondering if i'd hear your music.
See No More is a fucking classic! I love the Jonas Brothers.
glad we had a seat open at the "Cool bloggers" table :)
All booked up again, thanks. Will repost if a seat becomes available.
Food dude tonight after the game, enjoy some green chili, or a Philly. Sold out of both last night. This is the real deal folks!
just said it was okay to have an open relationship so I can marry too.
Going to leave for Las Vegas today(:
When did you figure that out? I think I was a director by the age of 8 or 9. Knew it by 14. :-)
All of them! RT : Who has been on ? Which cruise would you recommend?
Will do, Mika. Thanks very much.
You and the family are welcome anytime. Keep us n ur prayers and we will do the same 4 u
U and all the other males who look down their noses at women playing hoops. RT Than me personally? That goes without saying :)
I hope everyone that came last night tells a friend and brings another friend. See yall next week
What's up man we would love to submit trax for radio... The Orphanz™
The universe is change our life is what our thoughts make it.
Totally!! Where at?
awhhhhhhhh c: hah. dude. i think im going to cry if i cant go :(( i miss you guys!!
hard to imagine living 13 years like that, but it had to a difficult decision to surrender.
RT Ok Aikman we know you LOVE Eli and want to have his baby.
haha :) how is/was your day?
Just wondering....has crept into my heart, mind, and soul?
already know baka chan. That's why I told u lol
Any1 live in Michigan??
A willingness to learn always comes through in an interview or an email (or class for that matter!). Seems so simple.
Tim Tebow must be feeling like the 7th beer in a six-pack right now
Yep, thats where it's from! I wrote the quote in 2009 & put it on a shirt in my shirt shop. In 2011, it took off thanks to..
If your talking behind my back, your in a good position to kiss my ass.
That was great!!
Yup... I'm not the best of catholics :3
Roll this up after you hit it once you'll need a parachute!!
So when are you going to do a reddit AMA?
keep preaching Tony! That means when he gets called up you need to make the trip to Seattle and go to a game! :)
lol I miss you sweetness! Hope you are fantastic despite the broken bus. Lol
It's party time!! Stop by 6-8pm for a Zipster HH. 1st drink or meal is on us! Bring a friend to sign up and you'll both get $75 DC
The lunch? I'd probably say 11:30 to be safe? I arrive 10:43 United airlines.
You may have different opinions of Season 1. It may have improved with age.
UGH! This is bugging me as much as it's bugging you b/c I think it would be fun if we ALL went. It'd be so much fun!
where is my fish I haven't forgot about that..Lol
Congrats to ... Yesterday was her first day as Marketing Intern for the 2012 season...
IM DEAD SERIOUS BECAUSE HE SHOW OUT INFRONT OF MF'S THAT CANT DO SHIT FOR HIM!
New Vera Bradley for Spring has arrived at Watts! Stop in and check it out.
Great call! RT “: Recommend: having Pandora whip you up a mix based on GirlTalk. New discovery: Ratatat.
If I'm in my office, and you are in your office, and I can hear your email arrive, it is too loud.
“ Anyone who's never been hurt in love, is either very lucky or very lonely”
O King of Nations, come and save us!
I'm game whenever you gals are!! Just say when! I've got most of the ingredients!
Bro I got some DJ gigs available with my company...Paid Travel to Miami, St.Louis, Cali, etc. etc....On Weekends....Get @ me
you called it! Darren Sproles making a difference already!
Sex discriminates against the shy and the ugly.
My mom is drunk, she's really funny haha.
everyone we did it! She's pregnant
If only your ears weren't cauliflowered.
I am #Habte...2012 RT " Just saw at Logan airport. Who's running the city while she's gone?"
i am not perfect; i am not my mistakes. when I'm weak, He is strong.
Why can't you understand that that's not freaking okay?!
Stoked! RT - Doing an interview for SPIN magazine.
Shout out too the president!
New York sports talk just keeps bringing up Chris Kreider and BC hockey -- this really is a thrill for me to hear
Ikr. He dnt I would be really hurt
Off to Providence, RI today for a great adventure!
we're gonna chat with this Thursday... any questions you guys have for them??
has no integrity as a journalist. Willing to criticize, yet can't take it in return.
This is getting ridiculous. Stop calling penalties and let the teams play!
Had a wonderful time Hope to come again next year!!!!
Honors choir audition went really well. I REALLY want to make this.
Fiscal responsibility must be drilled into all governments. Stop spending beyond your needs.
The film's not perfect but I already wanna buy Sound of My Voice on Blu-ray just to watch the scene with the Cranberries song over and over.
yup yall gonna burn up
hope all is well mami
It's hard to let go of someone who meant so much to you but the truth is if you meant as much to them you wouldn't have a reasons to let go.
New Orleans. :-)
that's huge...its gonna be Friday tho cuz I got finals and won't be home yet
Sounds delicious!
what do you look for in a girl?:)
gonna miss you all parents and players! Tell everyone I said I love and miss them & good luck! <U+E418> bring home a trophy!!
i need more people for my fan video for and ! help me get more people? :) thanks guys ! :D
Time for NO sleep, energy drinks, and sloppy notes.
Sora-Kingdom hearts 3. Hope Estheim(14 years old and somewhat not as cute as first two...but what evs!
did you see samuel eto's goal celebration? He took a reporters camera and started snapping pictures of his teammates.
so cool dude it's history.
but a tongue ring is.
drinking a bottle of New Glarus's Totally Naked. YUM.
Baby chicks are coming! Baby chicks are coming today at 11!
- Fina Get Another Tattoo . .
mine fits fine and also hides how much of the bottle is gone.
Justin Bieber fans we got good news Justin Bieber Egg Tosser Arrested was arrested today.. read more about the article www.platinumposts.com
#marijuana legalization xtra signatures to be turned into on Friday. Needed 2400 more. WIll turn in 12,000 plus
Whats up twitter world is amazing(:
Treating myself to a few pages of "Quiet"--I love that in the middle of describing a visit to Saddleback brings in Proust.
Don't drink and drive, but always tweet and slide!
#SomeWhereOutThere a goofy maug just got on MySpace and he loves it.
You know it's a good hotel when there are bags over the smoke detectors
is she really?! I didn't know about that. What is she working in Quinton for?.
Jeff Beck was just plain awesome, last Sat. night, what a supreme guitarist!
10 minutes away!!
: I used to but my bipolar medicine helps but fuckit ya know? Anxiety is one of the worsts):
Flying coach? But you're pretty famous. How famous do you have to be to at least get business class?
nose goes.
Cookies for breakfast? Good thinking.
Looks great!
I love the Huskies; They are boss. :)
hah they are amazing in person! & no worries you'll met them! :D
Why would Bank of America do system upgrades in the middle of the day on the first of the month?
Patience isn't about how long you wait. It is about how you behave while you wait...Lord have mercy.
Oh!!! Well I'm no #priest WAIT!!! Some of THEM r worse than ALL of us!...lol
Blow me jeter
B. Griner = A. Davis
does it always take you five words to say "I"? :)
This Twin Peaks show. I think it could be big.
Just got my tickets! Never been before, but hearing talk about it was all I needed to convince me it's worth going to
word to my fave new spam follower with the bulk hair spray hookup!
that's not cool.
thank you & thank you! :)
you jus want me cuz im next, you jus want me cuz im next #THe Weeknd <------ love this guy
Hey, at least the #Winterhawks won tonight! Beat Kamloops 4-1 to take 2-0 lead in 2nd round Playoff series.
Today is National Potato Chip day! Celebrate with a yummy bag of our Wise potato chips.
Morning everyone!! Sprained my ankle last night..soo no workout this morning..dad is coming to check it out..but getting ready for work..
The Greatest Impediment to Trust: FEAR
Ebsco databases are down; it's a problem on the publishers part that they're working on
#S/O to the LADYGIANTS Softball team for getting the W against Carmel . Good job ladies !
Thanks for all those venue names out there. I'll add them to the list!
Secretary Clinton up next for keg stands...says she doesn't need anyone to hold her up, she can do it herself...
I dont wanna even think how my life would be if and the Boyz didnt exsist.
I saw a dirtier version of today. I didn't think that was possible.
Ten years ago today, I came to the US to stay 6 months. The rest is history.
Yes I did. Good luck Angel! :)
We act like we dont even know eachother anymore.
i want a little brother or sister , i hate being the bby of the fam "/
Life, learning to change. Growing into some special. Finding the flow. Creating little miracles through excellence on a human team.
LIVE #10HoursWithMikeMurdock " #SINGLES Information Is...Conversations Information Is...Explanations."
I would appreciate good vibes for tomorrow...I have my first real job interview for my career
Maybe we can give them a bit of credit for getting us talking even if they haven't been strategic about everything.
Spending the day @ USC for the Woody Guthrie 100th bday conference. The atmosphere makes me feel like the academic I probably shoulda been.
love this! Will cop for sure!
I doubt you want us raisin hell, because we're way too good at that.
Our Hero loves them both equally.
Happy #December! #Tagger here, with my team of #PrimaryCallers ready to raise some dollars, euros, & yen for the annual fund!
Just what we like to hear! RT going to see the Titanic exhibit at the South street Seaport museum!!
not liked you hoped it would be.
Haha so glad you favorited my tweet about the Bel-Air theme song. Please tell me you love Prince of Bel-Air too??
Who was the designer? An improvement, but too much empty space in the green bubble. A "compact" version is needed IMO
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092> RT : I played soccer with my crush today. Best day ever!
#NowPlaying Justin Bieber - Boyfriend
The actual recount process will be fast- but Govt Accountability Board says legal challenges could slow down the process.
no one ever is to blame.....
I have no other means, unless alpha wants to drive that way :P
awwwh thank you(: I'm watching Ghost Hunters : D
Lunchtime Global in the First National Building!
we need it!
Listening to Never Gonna Leave This Bed by Maroon 5... LOVE IT! Go get Hands All Over!
I am your newest fan! Just LOVED you on Leno and I'm a fuckin purist too!! Loved your realness! GO GIRL!!!
“: A very productive day, no less.” I worked up quite the sweat
Do you ever look at who you're following on TWITTER and say, "Who the F*ck are all these people and why am I following themm???"
Just like last time bad call by the refs that screwed the
Wow. Very fortunate. Listening to Brandi Carlile. Next up with the Symphony. Wow.
Need some FAB art? Stop downtown LV tonight at Emergency Arts, new work by MP on display!
getting beeped at by cars you dont know but apparently know you<<<<<
what ROM/theme are you running? and on what phone?
Never frown. Someone could be falling in love with your smile.
waitingwaiting. hate waiting.
Merry Christmas<U+2764>
EVERYBODY CALL TONKATRUCK
He made me laugh through the whole interview... what a little adult!
WHO THE HELL ELECTED GROVER NORQUIST 2 ANYTHING? The only pledge/oath elected offic take is to Constitution
"Sometimes I think that no city, before or since, has been so full of color and life as was Chicago in those years before the 1st World War"
To make you smile. - That's All I Really Wanna Do =D
A true friend would be honest to u even if he/she only known u for a month or 2 they would still care for you <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094>
Top of the morning! :-)
Productive trip this week to visit our UK offices. Staff was extremely courteous and accommodating.
got my dual monitors back on a new mac pro. live is back at normal speed now
I'm the fuxkin man, y'all don't get it do ya?
Funny. One-namer it is! Do you think if we open a place called "Pretentious" it would be popular? ;-)
Rancor: bitter deep-seated ill will. That pretty much describes it.
night, nicole! \m/ I was gonna call what your fam calls you, but idk how to spell that shit. -.-
you wouldn't have known her at all but you stalked my fb. Be real you was stalking hollering at mine
Hey, #ypc10 folks, are you following ?
That said, I'm totally picking up that Marshall Tucker Band box.
There was a shooting @ loretto hieghts university. Dont know if anyone is hurt. Watching now. Live very close alot of police.
It is indeed.
RT : I hope, at least, this will get people to rethink what signifies a post-racial society. hint - it's not a black president.
Have you registered for tonight's 6 Steps to MASSIVE Results event? We saved a seat for you. If not, Register NOW it's FREE! http
Euro drops below $1.30 as gravity takes hold of EU. US CRE to benefit? #in #cre #afire #forex #dow #bonds #cpa #multifamily #
What is your favorite dish for Thanksgiving?
that's dumb. I understand the concept, but what if u got gps on your phone, how'd they be able to tell... It's stupid
“: Random thought.. But I don't go back to ex's. They're all gone for a reason.. Reasons that aren't very good.”
mr method man
A study done in India; states that in order to maintain a Healthy & Happy relationship, one must fight atleast once a week.
#HighSchoolMemories the cold ass hot sausages. And pizza pepperoni or cheese
hey Daniel! How are you? Could you email me some media contacts around the Seattle area or blogs?
Thanks a bunch Jeff! Hey! Love watchin you guys when I'm back home... :)
Be too large for worry, too noble for anger, too strong for fear,
love the look from the top
Good event—and having you all there was the best part.
But yeah, I’m not sure at all that the Bulls are getting past round one. Doh!
:::::ATTENTION::::: There is a Freakin' Party @ #NOTTE this Friday and guess who's coming....
the more accurate question: why have you waited so long to order Fri night pizza? :-)
oh I do love my boyfriend :)
Congrats to on her new manyote!
The characters on HardcorePawn are hilarious!
Desire and need are inexhaustible and renewable forms of energy, with pipelines from you to Madison Avenue.
Great to meet you as well at the lunch! Small world: &
Close yo mouth. It'll be betta fa ya.
What's good check the music get at us
Felt compelled to make zucchini Parmesan, sausage-stuffed portobellos and tapenade-garlic bread.
Yeah! RT: : My kind of day! August 13 is National Filet Mignon Day
Study Abroad Fair is today!!!! Come check us out in the Talley Ballroom from 10 to 3.
lot of ppl there ?
Only yesterday was the time of our lives ~.
This has happened to me. They have a masterful editor. Always seems the best part is after the next commercial.
Another Christmas goes by without rolling out the Xmas shirt ideas from 5 years ago.
haha we're soo cool! And yeah that song is pretty old. Too many people say YOLO now ha.
Watching Reading Rainbow with my nigguhs
UK with another #1 class. In the words of Chow, " boring...take nap ".
are you back at home now!?
« I dislike when certain ppl text me and I really dont feel like talking and they ask me what I'm doing -_-»
“Country roads take me home,” where sunny skies bring warmth and life to the Sangre de Cristo mountains.
Having fun deciding how much I like Instapaper.com. Thoughts?
You're welcome. Have a great week!
I like it!
Cory Booker even makes Chris Christie look better!
Well I'm digging the feel good twitter, we need more of those
You can't take "no" for a answer but "no & get the hell out of here before I kill you" is completely acceptable
That HAS to take the cake, lol
lol shut up dude i have ice cream
that's just tendinitis comin in
Dim sum with the family
Ladies, as you tweet with our class focus, please include our hashtag of #HRD2011UR so that we may track our conversation stream. Thxs.
of course, great to know this. =]
I luv my followers!
true datttt girl!!
Aye Kenneth followbak
Ex girlfriends are like farts...They feel good to let go but then they just linger around and annoy all your friends...
We're worried that the Steelers are going to release us :(
fingers crossed!
Lmfao I remember and I would send whales to kameron to piss him off hahaha
Hi Christopher! How did the apartment search go a few weeks ago?
I just remembered why I love Annie Lennox ...
Trust issues :-/
Log onto www.tdmwebacademy.com for webinar - starts at 7pm eastern time
sitting in dubai airport waiting for a 1am flight. one stop in frankfurt.... only 20 hours left. easy.
Can't focus at all right now ugh!!!!
Going Off Too School!Yesterday Was The A Good Day! Stay Beautiful,Gorgeous!Love u's.. I'm Hoping One Day You'll follow meh!(:
notice me xx
It is our right to vote! Practice your rights!
Tip #111: LIVE: People who over shove their stack into your much smaller stack are usually bluffing/weak.....call light.
I have school tomorrow. I can't sleep if you keep tweeting cute pictures of yourself!
haha ok whatever you say lmfaoooo
That awkward moment when you realize mentioned the wrong Hunter Harden in his tweet. Hahaha!
Justt realized im officially four years older than le boyfriend...haha i feel like such a pedophile ;(
RT : Before we leave 'Bama, let's remember George "Goober" Lindsey of "The Andy Griffith Show". The AL native has died at...
2012 WILL BE A FUCKING GOOD YEAR :)
Just added to the #wfx expo floor Television Production Service
I'm here to talk if you need anything just text me
~thinks~ hm nope lol jk~ kisses u~
Up The ARSE!
but.. it's wednesday tho
Who will survive in America?
they may even exhibit emotion is their logical disagreement.
Just saw a commercial for Winnie the Pooh.. won't be able to look at that the same ever again.
I had lost my password 4 twitter & so have not used it for awhile. Glad to be back!
In bed comfy as fuck but I forgot to turn off my light kill me
Service Industry Night at LIVESTRONG Sporting Park is coming up... details soon. Count on Sunday, March 25th vs. FC Dallas
Top Fantasy Baseball Players from Week 2, Apr. 9 to Apr. 15: Fan’s Review
Nathan's dad is not dead...
People are going 5 mph on Henderson
I miss Ke$ha! Where is that girl?
Same to you!
Tactics: set every home page in the apple store to my soundcloud.
Well I had my fun in Florida, flying back to Cali tomorrow
Thanks for the support everyone! We sold 300+ lbs of meat! Stay tuned for info about tomorrow's event.
is happy for the end of the week
Musical word of the day: scatenato - unchained, wildly
You're a bombshell
you can offer what you think... and just love them through the rest.
a cute lobster, I bet! :)
Coffee for lunch? Yes please :)
is that a purple lamp? I dig that! Go Vikings!
RT : Roundtable with #AS Health Activists today! Tweet along #HAroundtable at 12p EST
omg can u believe im actually bac home
great way to end the night:)
how about jill off? or fingerbang? lmsfjsoisisoss
so ipad2 is coming on March 2nd? does it have a camera?if so, i'll get it!!!
House adopts budget amendment removing Senate language penalizing UMAB $250,000 for law school's suit against farmer.
Tonight is a great example that no matter how good the Rangers are, the bench is the ultimate weakness.
Drugs have taught an entire generation of American kids the metric system. -P.J. O'Rourke
Go to the top of the Empire State Building on a Wednesday night for a killer view and a bit more breathing room.
Book me for your Halloween makeup! www.lipstickandlace.blogspot.com
That's all for now folks. Thanks for hosting , great event on
found you!! thx for following me, check out TGIF!!!
#wordtothewise don't try to speak spanish in a class full of mexicans my friend
it's not a spam thing that will mess up my computer is it? sorry, i've had it happen before and am a little cautious.
Final dress rehearsal for Joseph just getting started because of rain. Opening tomorrow night!
picture needed
In bed early tonight! And yes, 1230 does qualify as early in my life!
Tunnel of self love? That's what I'm talking about lol~
So yeah, the running thing, today, is a no go. Hurts. Dammit. Maybe a tenth of a mile.
Figures, I plan a trip to New York City and a hurricane decides to bee line to it.
Aye lets kick it tomorrow brah.
LOL Logan hasnt stopped talking abt his new twitter family & how nice Dog and crew are, now hes convinced my brother to get a twitter :)
Getting kicked out of your room all weekend <<<
He who has health, has hope. And he who has hope, has everything. ~ Thomas Carlyle.
who knows but pa seems unlikely to sell in any case.
I FB more than tweet too , but trying to get better at it .
Go Leigh Ann, go!!! #encouragement!
When I go down my page, Kylie Hicks is preaching it over twitter I'm literally thinking the exact same things!!! :)
for sure. I won last time in our "who can finish the test first" competition.
follow he is amazing <3
um.. is drunk in the kitchen. cant wait 2 c what she makes.
Who knew? Tillamook County, Oregon labeled fruad hotbed for phone spoofing. from
I did and it was fantastic. This season is so much less formulaic than the others.
I haven't been this sick since my tour of duty in Hong Kong.
At least you know the brits can drive on business trips? Have you found the ONE?
yo homie we celebrating the wife's birthday tonight, can u through us on the list?
Finally caught up on my sleep today.
What am I doing today!!
Got back after day 1 of InfusionCon and logged in to a pretty new green dashboard! Can't wait to play!
To say the least
That's because the bartender is a L 7 WEEEEENIIIEEE
lmao u guys crack me up <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
What do museums mean #InOurGeneration? Do you like them? Hate them? Never been to one?
Like archival, provenance lists (who owned what and when)? Or something else?
#EpicFail RT : Not a single Democrat Senator has voted for *any* budget for the last three years.
ha well I'm obviously on your mind ha
Thursday! Will I get to see you while I'm back home in Cleveland, recovering from foot surgery!? :)
The Manuscript for my book "Moving Beyond Point-and-Shoot Photography" is due on October 1st. Planned release date March 2012.
I was only disappointed because I haven't seen you in so long... Thanks for coming!
Ouch. To be fair, I do live in Hampden. RT OH: "Only hipsters like sushi."
actually #Dnc should make video of mitt w/his boys dancing to wu tang clans #c.r.e.a.m. Fitting.
Possibly doing an event for Macdill Air-force Base!
at least it can't be off his orbital bone. Or can it.
Thanks for the follow :))
Sited!! By Deliriously Smiling Passengers - King Kong At Empire State Bldg!
Wait. The girl (Corral) and guy (Shurna) are gonna have a shootout? Interesting.
Them bitches soggy RT : lol man they still on the porch n shit hurry up for quante get um
Had 6 rows of BMW work cars that came in the detail department. Sale day today was actually busy, haha. At least at the detail department.
Teacher: I have a Suzuki swift. Me: OMS!! Teacher: you've gone pale. Me: you said swift Teacher: ?
We Are Gonna Go See Our Grandma... She Has A Room For Us At Her House. But I Have To Share With Karla
next big step in big energy data analytics for smartgrid markets is point2point stream analysis...more soon on Intelen's IPv6 disruptions
Just think... with a gentleman in the picture the world wouldnt have had the last 3 performances. Swift, Perry, & Adele
Today was funny ass hell hehehe
The work of art shows people new directions and thinks of the future. The house thinks of the present.
Hope the New East Ave Wegmans will have multiple exit routes (unlike Wegmans Pittsford)
Go Daddy. And please don't come back.
Kobe will butt fuck all his HATERS
“: He loves Chris” ... At least someone likes that bastard!
I just watched the 10 minute yoga solutions on my Netflix instant play :) Where do you take class?
I've chyeard a LOT this year.
| Please check your DM. Looks like we didn't see your reply from last month. SORRY!
ha ha right
feel free to shop for me
maybe it will be, I have your thin mints!
Josefina, it wears a ragged and dangerous front
sorry, the event last night was not recorded, but i'm sure we'll capture a similar talk at some point. :)
I think is an amazing singer! I enjoyed watching you last night and best of luck in the future!!! :)
Can we get some runs for #Dempster tonight? Guy has been lights out, he deserves a W!!
Man, your kids are some dame comedians!!! LOL!
Oh my darlings how thoughtful! Mwah!
Breathe Carolina, is like, omfgadsjhfawkfjj.<3
please do:)
don't you DARE abandon #cville!
"Law and love are the same - romantic in concept but the actual practice can give you a yeast infection."
Happy Halloween to you too!
OH: Hey, why you wearing socks…you got a date or something?
- re your #dodgers lineup, is that the number of runs each player has scored this season?
hopefully not as scarring as an angry patron with a mismatched reader's advisory suggestion!
= #Hero. #DavidGregory = not so much. Why so annoying?
uhm you hate harry? well i dont.. awkward
Sorry had to vent...it just disgusts me how people put everything before their kids, that they chose to have.
Me and will went prom dress shopping.... and we need to go again
A lot of people don't know this, but I'm pretty competitive
I hate having to wait for my iphone. But I'm SO BEYOND grateful for my family that loves me and the gifts I got(:
dude, that was so high school..I love it!!
Why are you so far away?
I LOVE YOU YOU ARE MY HERO AND IT WOULD MEAN THE WORLD TO ME IF YOU FOLLOWED ME #Mahomies4Life!
Sar, your comment on website took my breath away! so sweet. I'm so glad you liked the interview. Scott=super
Amber....thank you so very much! This is GREAT!
thanks for the ff.
Gross! (Do it. Biscuits are crack.)
She's super AWESOME!
The mullet convention, oops I mean #NAMM, has finally gotten started. Just played on a sweet, new Hammond Organ.
If you've been patiently waiting - It's Back !!! Eithiopian Harrar - known for its taste and aroma of blueberries, www.raoscoffee.com
What a day. All the kids were gone by 11am. Matt and I had Christmas dinner at Lee's Kitchen - chinese food Christmas Story style :) *lol*
Yay!! Very excited!
I AM 25!!! (in that voice you know )
I'm optimistic!
please notice me!!! please 9
My phone has somehow become the phone to call and make jokes on at 3 in the morning?
Not I, just watching play by play
Free printed samples on the world's best digital garment printer.
: Do you have the hidden camera video? KRQE News 13 in Albuquerque wants to know.
What do you want to do!?
What Movie?
don't put my shit on blast please.
cel.ly Just figure out a way to make the texts free for students...
Wow! Thank you for the great article on Charles River. Very eloquent. We greatly appreciate it.
I could watch The Real Housewives of Disney again!
love you to “: BFFs are the best! Love you ”
#NW The Motorcycle Diaries
Seeing a lot of fog on 151. Visibility is very low.
Besides getting hit in the head & a car alarm going off for 15 minutes I had a great nights sleep...
Good for you!!
I don't want to leave
love it ..
Can't stop listening to #SAYSOMETHIN omgg it's amazing <3
"Let the miraculous life you were born to lead unfold in all of its magnificence." ~Henry Thoreau
Do you work today ?
do u know what time we r taking our picture??
“: “: MY GRADUATION SPEECH: "I hate all you fuckers, I'm out."” ” my life.
:) what a long day?! Well I know CPR so if anyone decides to die on me I can resuscitate you!!
had so much fun servin up juice for the #FriendshipWalk thanks so much ;)) great event, great people!
Wouldn't it be nice if you didn't have to fill out a new medical form for your child every year? Your school needs RegisterPatient!
"MAYWEATHER FIGHT WEEKEND TRIP/PARTY IN LAS VEGAS" POWERED BY--->
GOOD LUCK CHIEF, KEEP YA HEAD UP. SOMEONE WILL RECOGNIZE GAME.
RT I should've ejected him, too. I should've drooled on his league-issued clothing. I owe entire viewing audience an apology
Lol @ that dunk attempt
Spoiler Alert: have a trash an to vomit in when you watch this. These intros will make you want to puke
Relationships end but feelings continue.
LOL. Having fun?
Death by fear. Fear is the only thing that keeps you from living.
No worries! I figured as much. I just wanted to make sure it went through :).
stephano is french
Really dislike when people lie to me! Makes my blood boil
thanks to everyone who came out to the CD release this weekend!
She brought that back to country... Good job Skylar...
Never say Never!
Legendary Croce's lineup: and Am I missing anyone?
Acupuncture doesn't really hurt that much, but the homework they give is really a pain in the butt.
What does "dun language translator" mean?
why not a COLTS theme hotel I know a lot of people would spend the weekend there before the games fans would love to stay as well!
Men's Voices tickets are available @ the door SATURDAY NIGHT ONLY! Get to the ABQ Museum Amphitheater by 6:30 7/30 and grab those tix!!
oh yeah .....watching the classic Smokey and the Bandit.......awesome! = )
Looks like it covers I94 down to Cty Hwy K
The best things in life aren`t always easy but they are always worth the wait.
I feel ya on that one! And with almost 5 year old twins, we go through a lot of clothes everyday!!
damn shame
We have a show tomorrow at Capital Skatepark in Round Rock! Starts at 8, costs $5. With Chasing Lions, MARANATHA, and The Changeless.
I pray that God blesses you all today!
Congrats Mike!
SDUSD has about 1000 vehicles. We don't have the $ to maintain them. A school bond can replace these
#followfriday Poor girl. Where's the outrage?
Been laying down all day and ain't planing on go no where today! :-D
Check out The Alchemy Cafe at 1980 Atwood in Madison for great lunch...
i have not been there. def going to check it out then. thanks.
don't think so...let me ask ur mother if it is brb *rolls over*. *rolls back*...nope it isn't.
thanks for the #FF last week! love everyone growing the golf industry following!
He who has injured thee was either stronger or weaker than thee. If weaker, spare him; if stronger, spare thyself.
how tall are you??? #HungerForUnger! :)
#ImminentDanger on panel for identifying solutions, Beckert says MU MJS should sponsor conference on solutions.
in the chill vibe.gotta BIG meeting 2morrow!- SK <3
No lines today at cedar point! It's been a great day!
Thus commences my annual tradition of pretending to care about football.
It reminds me of your Kudzu imagery. Yes, I still get a thrill out of that piece.
Could I be anymore awkward?
what up guys! Its Live Love Learn from MN!
Wen is drake ablum coming out?
since no longer employed by mothership, can we get Sarah Philips on show tomorrow??? : )
Currently interested in a bottle of whiskey.
Who is this?
liquid chocolate and its delicious!
hope ya day is going well
NFL Draft tonight! Hope to hear some local guys get their name called! Who does your team pick? Tell us how they did in the draft.
All she want is some heel money.
It's so funny how I can do everything for people at work or my friends and the only appreciation I get in return is from my boyfriend.
If we're being honest - and I think we are....? I'd hit that.
Dixiana is moving its office to Buddy Lee bldg where talent revolves and the studio to Berry Hill
All I have time to do is school, work, and homework. Freakin' irritated.
College: Mich. St. AD regrets tweet to Michigan's Burke Michigan State athletic director Mark Hollis says he regrets sending a message o
oh... don't. It needs a lot of work & is currently (like, right now) under construction in a non-networked MS Word document :-/
is it on now
a lovely lunch w & her sweet fam. new neomande is gonna be a sam crowder staple, conveniently placed in my path to the Y.
I see you on record store day!!!
How you guys doing today?
Bryce Harper has stealing home now off his bucket list...
RT : RT : says social media doesn't replace face to face, it makes it happen #uwpceyou2 (via )
B/c they know they f'd up RT : I never understand why the person who did wrong has the attitude problem
Some dude in a semi just got arrested in our parking lot. Real life cops!
re QR, check out the Robin Ashford stuff I just tweeted. Bummer that you won't be @ ALAMW!
:D youre welcome :D your the best ;D lol
Feel spiritually rejuvenated. Perfecting the art of casting down imaginations.
Free Library branches play central role in Philly neighborhoods, could be site for projects involving residents' knowledge.
2012. Year of the side stage. Come hang out with us at moe's/the shed tonight. Party
There's something really special about a Sunday afternoon.
Good Coach not a Championship caliber coach
oh snap look at you!! I'm jealous.
Duck...Duck...De'Anthony! He must have been really good at that game when he was a kid.
It can be difficult to make a point when the other person is convinced in the opposite.
I think it's more than a smart business tactic, Ed.
I think the lead singer lives in Staten Island. I don't think they made much $$ the Pistols allegedly didn't make much$
If you missed it. I decided for my 42nd Bday I'm eating & drinking 42 of my favorite food/drinks all week till the big day on Sunday. :)
Welcome back, :)
Happy 2 Years Anniversary Baby Video!!! <33
has anyone seen the CannaBuddies? LOL I love em!
oh yes bitches ' Miley is gonna shit on you hoes tomorrow at the VMAs !
watching NHK... I am now craving for some udon >.< or KATSUUU :D
Working overtime...AGAIN!..Thanks for keeping us busy. :)
no reason.
Loved last night! You make me smile. PS I have a soup on the stove I still need to have you over and we have cable now WIN WIN
Sept 24 Schooling of the minnows at the Chamber waterfront! Voting and prizes! Check out FB Grand Haven ArtWalk!
Another big trial begins in Russia: members of the 'Nord-East-88' neo-Nazi gang are prosecuted for hate crime attacks against foreigners.
hey boo!
that dough kind of looks like a cookie to me.
Hollywood Jammers take on The 24-1 Santa Barbara Breakers Tuesday Night at Grant High School 7:30PM. Watch " The Game " drop 50 points again
Medical research using dogs as models Dogs are among the best animals when it comes to providing models for better medical treatments in
Hi Emma, thanks for the awesome webinar at Acquia! Just bought the book, looking forward to start playing with it.
so you do or you don't like Gaborik lol
Just joined twitter to see whats around.
RT : replay of last Wed at Frank's!! <-- Cool beans! Won't be there till at least after 9 tho!
Another greate TedEX talk on The Dispatch.
Lol!!! How cute, kittens are like little friends, they really do know what they talking about! but make sure feed them. <3
You make me wanna laugh, stick my hands up and laugh!
Time is the longest distance between two places. Tennessee Williams
#FridayIsForever this is the best song ever!
Best gym with yet.
haha nothing really, just a twitter misunderstanding
ya and he called me Shawna how scary
We fetch it from our neighbours, kindle it at home, communicate it to others, and it becomes the property of all
Def true :( RT : #Cancer: sometimes they try to be bad to put on a front, but they're good people that get hurt easily.
ha yes! They are like this in Italy too! If I do have a drink - I prefer box ;)
announces strategic partnership with #Microsoft Dynamics. Buyers and sellers plugging into the
Write a pitch before writing an article, especially if the publication usually writes their own articles.
Adele owes success in US to Sarah Palin. Her album bombed in US until she appeared on SNL featuring Palin. Next day she hit US charts.
hit me
: Not opposed to voting structure change, but wants different representation as opposed to two from Sparks, Reno and Washoe.
lazyweb, what is the best way to find out which organizations are lobbying on a specific topic?
lol i get insane when my adrenaline starts pumpin
Great thank you Dawn!!
“: Live your life and forget your age. Norman Vincent Peale”
and then on to wrestling school :)
Good work!
Don't be afraid of taste. Try the rye!
fer it long but you are beautiful no matter what.
Even in July, eh?
Going to be in Orlando Floriday by chance?
During the Believe tour, Justin should bring Pattie up to the stage to sing Turn To You to her. That would be the cutest thing in the world
Has there ever been a show you weren't perfect for? ;p
What's Good?
Love #personofinterest good episode tonight!
"Fumble OSU....handing out footballs like autographed footballs." --Less practice time due to players having 2 attend classes.
Plus...I don't wear cowboy boots. They slow me down when I have to get out the way of pointed-toed stilettos.
Casino Night Tips -Can't afford to invite your guests to a party blowout in Las Vegas, or Atlantic City ? Plan your own casino party!
oh I'm guessing what
That one is a crowd favorite!
what exercises do you do to get it in such great form?
What?! Well, that is true. But They still look nice on people, as long as they're not like 40, then it just looks weird.
My ring finger is green and the rest are a neutral pink.I'm a spring Person xD Seen that tip on your tumblr :)
#FF report to for detention.
I'm just now walking into this conversation!! M & N come meet us when you can!!! XO
please do please do. I am bummed that so many kids are going to that dumb thing
Is Christina Aguilera wearing a crown because she is queen of skanks?
i havent- have you? good stuff?
hey whose fuckin in the bushes
YOUR AWESOME :D !
Gonna watch Ariana's livechat today. :D
Fun fact: If you run out of aloe, the Italian Ices from lunch make great ice packs!
its Saturday everybody wants to play but dunno what to play :)
This baby keeps waking up when I (accidentally) toss it into its pram.
Hoping that our friend is aware of our history as she programs her shows this week....!
see you at the altar bar tonight!
Google eyes at the Who-who!
thanks so much Stacy!!
Congrats! RT : Our CEO & his wife welcome their first child, Eamon McCrossen.
Don't text me and then expect ME to keep the conversation going...
oh can I just go back to kindergarten when my only worry was snack time and nap time pleasee
Come sign up for a personal resume review at the MLA Resume & Cover Letter Review table!
Too bad the ponds aren't frozen, you can't skate to your ball.
Free Wi-fi is 1 minor indication that a business has changed w/ the times.
Have the courage to follow your heart and intuition
I think I need to log off
There is a difference between truth and facts.
Just met with a truly wonderful and talented lady. Thanks for keeping it real and being so helpful!
Already enjoying the #VSFS! Very creative and loving the music!!!
your avi is so cute!
Going for some skittles.
that is hilarious. Hi it's me I am an idiot and forgot to my work but by sending an email it will all be ok.
Is trying to do clean house. Keeps getting bored. Oh, I am so not my mother's daughter in that regard.
im not
Come down to the Moore Building in the design district tonight to the girls night out event provided by Sheckys! Shop and drink :-)
BGHS rugby team won 3 of 4 matches at a tourney over the weekend! BG rugby is made up of Battle Ground, Prairie & Skyview high schools.
Thinking about cheating on my droid with an iphone.
You wont be disappointed.
I wonder what lebron james woulda done had he played against rick mahorn type players. What a chump.
No problem! PS. I am currently obsessed with the 50 Magellano. One of the most beautiful, unique yachts I've ever seen!
Apparently every day is Easter for me.
Don't use JSP! Use a real web framework with a real template engine!
s'good
I'm pretty sure the most awesome friend would get drake tickets Okc feb28 for someone's 21st on the 26th ;) ;)
I think I stumped the guys tonite. “: how about "obsequious" #dropword”
Life is short...live it well ;-)
"I have done some amazing and incredible things in this studio and I know where I can go from here...."...
I'm going to be on twitter all day now. <33
maybe for you, cuz you can actually sing! (x
"So how was your holiday weekend?" "Oh gosh, I was like Jesus. Didn't come out of the tomb for three days."
Lol at the hole in the wall in one of the classrooms. I wonder who did it?
Give me 25 to life,if being fly is a crime
:) I know! I meant that towards your roommate and lol
I didn't get that message.....
From the massive bruise on my leg, questionable pictures on my phone, 3 random numbers, and a brutal hangover, Cinco de Mayo was a success.
it's friday so why wouldn't friday come on
Every few months my life get turned upside down
Sure, you could say that a pilot using FAA airwaves to rant is a story, but if the rant was truly offensive, why rebroadcast it?
Aight cool, I can totally do that if they have something open. Now take yo a** to sleep! Lol. J/k.
Blake lively from gossip girl. I love gossip girl, but l like leighton meester more. Blair:)
thanks for the follow!
hahahahah I'm currently in math class dying because I am imagining you doing this..oh dear lord!
I love how my dad refuses to let me have any privacy.
Ladies if ya man tryna lose weight RT : Oral sex massages the jaw and may also burn 20 calories with each 15 minute session.
#IfUReallyDown4Me u would lick the eye boogers outta my eye..... So they'll be easier to open when I get up
bout to drop some new new shit
"No but I think jenga is a game" forgot how awesome #archer is
Nigga like me be smoking while I'm driving
Who is this long blonde hair girl
Hearing the birds wake up, watching the sun rise, and working on art while listening to music are the plus side of insomnia.
Thank you! Wow, you're fast!
settling down for the day, spent a lot of time catchin up with online networks. that is a job within itself.
": Okay, Lakers. Time to put Bynum and Kobe back into the game. Please?"
So, we're at the point in the day where the computer slows to near uselessness. Awesome.
It still not as creepy as the Garnightmare photo found. I still get creeped by that thing.
And be sure to like us on Facebook, www.facebook.com/partyslayerz
what's sleep?!
Just traveled from Colorado to Tennessee... what's to eat? Fast Food mostly... we looked extra hard for whole-food & plant-based places
Damn!! That Was Good!!
Well be at UN Plaza tomorrow for your lunch hour. With 11-2pm
injury, risks do not mean not knowing who you are
You rock, my friend. Thank YOU.
yes indeed!
welcome to Twitter, dude! (& the Madison orbit)
True, but I think guys who can create their own shots dominate the playoffs, and a healthy Rose is one of the best at that.
#onestateil Bruce Mau: design is the intersection of art & science
band is like the Claritin commericial, you get the blurry picture, but you need to peel off the sticker
lol thanks Linda :)
You know what's gonna be weird? When my brother leaves for the marines. there is going to be so much more food in the house...
RT - The miami dolphins may be 0-3 but their not as bad as their record is reflecting.
Would love to see in New Orleans...most will say no way, but I say Hornets grab what they can for CP3 and build!!
#IWillAlwaysLove my Ex's but wont feel dha same about dem! After dha heart ache n' pain
Saw a female runner (from my car) seemingly struggling. Gave a thumbs up. She smiled, put up a thumb and picked up the pace. Great advice!
well I hope u won't be no grandpa on our date!
next time he has a twitcam, I'm going to get a bunch of people to keep asking about a Chicago signing! It NEEDS to happen!!!!
yea that's good can you do me a favor only if you wanna
Gypsy Revival listening evening at Bang
watch the tour dates come out on monday because everything justin releases is always on a monday.
Aye I got a new phone Shug.dm me your number.
What up bruh lets work
Mordi: Many differences between access during arab spring vs SSAfrica's capabilities. power, broadband, funding, infrastructure
Funny how the app NOT by has more accurate bus times than 's own workers.
NAMI San Diego thinks you are doing an amaizng job at bringing awareness to mental health! THANK YOU!
I'm to hungry!!! Lookin at food network and this nasty crap dey cookn startin to look good!!
Someone who I don't even follow, got on me for saying this game is following a typical Orioles collapse to the Yanks script
I can't believe I actully got a twitter
The only way of finding the limits of the possible is by going beyond them into the impossible.Arthur C. Clarke
So um totally rocked Houston's socks off today. Yes indeed.
who he given em away 2 ckus u knw its Money team one mines when he fought Ortiz i was da only Mexican routtin 4 him
just be glad can drive. I had to teach his brother...
Way to go #Smoothbeats.com! Let us celebrate are quest for #Freedom while listening to Martin Luther King Jr. a true
YOU ARE! RT : About to head up to Red Square Bar for tonight's festivities. Who's going to buy 1st shot at midnight?
Bubba Watson is great, but let's see what he does next before we anoint him the savior of golf. Tiger is still the only true meter mover
I'm in Venice drinking año Angeleno
Love that quote, too. Great obit.
I heart pink slime! Lol!!
Good Call. Manet definitely took better care of things!
My head hurts really bad and I can't get up
Generations deep in the Seattle taxi industry, locally owned, natives, musicians, and born to hustle. (206)722-7696 Low rates, low waits.
escaping what could have been a long ride in the lex paddy wagon
I'm not a gynecologist but I look a pussies everywhere, everywhere
Kate Wilson of , on #ebooks - must define and design them so kids understand that real books are not "broken"
I'm 50 and 60's inspired tonight. (:
im tired af .
Follow cause he post some funny shit! Lol
one of my favorite songs I've been on! Get wit me fool!
I'm tweeting only to add another tweet to my total so that has a tougher time catching up! :p
hey babe. Jus dm'd you
Hyman Rickover~ Good ideas are not adopted automatically. They must be driven into practice with courageous patience.
Happy St. Patrick's Day!! I think I might possibly be a little but Irish, so pucker up!
Haha I miss you too!
the other cabs to go through the line.
did he smell amazing? Omg
Wow this bitch is a big mouth
you hating mfs out here jamming to the radio i aint even skipped a song
it sounds like it is going to be a hoard off!!!!
Followed back. Big thanks for the voice mail support for #ActorsTalkPodcast ! I'm going to learn a lot from you! 5 Stars 2U!
Off to study at the BSU library. I can't wait to creep on the frat boys.
Olive garden >
Hensley supplying the Torture in Wilson's absence?
Anyone who requests a free mp3 song on facebook.com/makaraspen we will send one right out to you..Thanks for the support
Hahh, I understand you, really :] Hehe, I know but the night of Carnival I'm go to another place :]
not immediately, but by the end of summer probably
“: I like being the first one to make him smile everyday” You never once fail to. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
wouldn't that be Sweet
meeeeeh To My New Followers -
Going to the funeral! So dreading it!! Prayers are appreciated! :)
Happy April Fool's Day...don't let anyone pull a fast one on ya!
My hearts bullet proof
hell yeah bro, im still trynna make my way up there
I just had tea in Russel Wright's living room...
Cool. WOODY ALLEN won.
I Fucked up my last Tweet i meant being single and alone on the holidays is not wassup.
Drawing up the estimated recording budget for the record project. #work AND I got the flu son!
omg! I missed the planning stages!! that's my fav part! - have fun!!!!!
I finished Thursday morning. I find myself wanting to read them all again. Excellent stories.
Listening to my cousin tellin me that that he calls his gf lemon pie n she calls him chunky monkey
Last night: photo tests w our lovely burlesque model in various wigs + outfits for our shoot for our new book! She's gonna be amazing!
I will :) I haven't gotten new shoes since 7 months
I love having a job but it doesn't help my shopping addiction
maybe you can pretend to be one of the other versions of yourself.what might that be?
you finally getting some vaca time?
no way! what happened? x
Fuck You Heathet First You Get Me Sick Then Talk Shit #FuckYou :D
#FF Friend of the Rogue Scholar and unintentionally hilarious.
In bham gettin ready to watch my nigga knock a nigga out tonight
Friends from school post pictures of themselves on FB then say "here's my kid." I'm like, that is exactly what you looked like when I knew u
swing by Italy & See ADNAN SAKLI .. Help economy..
actually it has nothing to do with the football team it's honoring America's hero's
when is that happening? I need to know so I can stay the eff away from wrigleyville
Time does not wait for you, why would you wait for the right time? Marcela Bennett
you too europedichan
We're so excited for tomorrow! #SummerWrite #OpenHouse AND Poetry, Potluck & Pinot Event! Check our website for more details
the fans are booing!
Are you back in PGH yet, slacker?
A couple of unexpected losses put me at an L5
its the little things!!
RT : Entering the final stanza in Tampa, the Storm lead the Force, 37-20, on Will the Storm get win #200?
I see Mr. Hindsman!!!
Looking forward to learning more African Dance tonite! :)
Freedom can be the scariest, greatest thing in your life.
Really impressed w/ detail of their digital campaign over time.
Thanks. Unfortunately those skills were not passed down but it's still very cool to have the exhibit.
Please do something about the job situation My husband is trying desperately to get a job-been over 3 long years
LOL I like that quote!
So stoked for at ! Thanks <3
tell me if it's good ;P
ASDFGHJKL; i hate you(;
"This is Brent Schneiders, for really." lol this guy kills me.
so what does that mean?
cello: the proper way to answer the phone.
All of you people on the east coast who are posting Mad Men spoilers are the lowest of the low!
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5> emails are your friend! Lol.
yeah. It's fucking stupid
Which raises a question: are newspapers archiving reader comments? Amazing data set for historians & poli scientists. cc:
3 day weekend, sweet!
Try Bypass at the game tonight & let me know what you think. You can order concessions from your smartphone and skip the line.
Living History: The Doors played Lagoon, and Morrison was bewildered
So looking forward to my new iPhone tonight!
#TheVoice is trash. I can't believe Jamar Rogers lost
As part of a balanced breakfast on 4/20...dnt forget to eat ur WEEDIES!!!
I never thought building a social media website would be so much work .
someone invited me to a pre-emptive high school reunion, because apparently being facebook friends is not torture enough
you got it! That basement would make the most amazing haunted house/maker adventure. Don't you think?
The sun needs to come out......
I was more of a Geography 127 guy.
Happy BIrthday SIr Alec Jeffreys, DNA brilliance
Hey , look! RT: Saw Stick Fly on broadway last night. Tracie Thoms was incredible. See it.
oh donkey show! I have tix for august! Can't wait.
Thanks for the kudos on the article. Wasn't that for ?
Getting ready to take advantage of the "family golf special". Why is there so often such a thin line between the best and worst ideas?
I swear New Jersey stay with some new dances .. They Live tho
thanks for the RT
my phone's about to die. well luckily I brought my charger c:
#MeWithoutYouIsLike... A sock wit no feet
IT'S A HABIT.
I ASKeD you that LAST NIGHT
Hey. Don't forget your snack for tomorrow 2nd period... I will not be providing your food tomorrow <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Yes. a return to Felt Mountain with their next LP in the works would be a dream come true for me.
house; 11 people died in the resulting fire that destroyed 61 homes.
End of the top of the 7th, OLLU and USW tied at 3.
well i am in the industry as well as u so hopefully 1day we can bcum frens nd all that matters is i can follow u!<3 princess d
Ah, will do. Thanks!
Why wasn't I notified immediately of this? Also why was I not IN this movie?! I demand answers!~Princess of Dark Comedy~...
Be Human conference May 7-9. , , AND speaking. Discount reg promo code: startingup
Out with my beautiful wife running errands and just enjoying each others company. My life is da best!
looking for new members to join this elite fighter's fate design team, hit me up with a message.
will you be home tomorrow around two?
Kids & I spent afternoon outside weeding, fertilizing, watering, planting carrots and canna bulbs.
or like a waiter...
@ w0rK 2day, feeling a lil better! We will c what 2day bRIngS...!
RT : Happy prom morning everyone. McDonalds, recorded episodes of It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia, and... Icy Hot? Hehe
To my fellow Mexicanos it's perfectly ok to get White boy/girl drunk today on Cinco De Mayo but only today, no mames güey!
"Only place highlighter where daylight hits the cheekbones, Cupid's bow,and eyelids."
totally agree man - he was great
dude nice dota 2 tips!!! Do more of these commentaries! I play lol but never played dota
Great job from 19 hole!! : So what did you think???
I do not like that twitter is reversed!
We have 15 girls registered for Girls Rock Camp Houston. We're halfway there! www.girlsrockhouston.org
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: You can divorce in Texas if you have lived in Texas 6 months and in the county where you file for 90 days.
glad you enjoyed it and sorry I missed it. Hope the semester was a good one.
I don't think I have ever met a stranger...
How many of us #entrepreneurs aspire to be Mark Zuckerberg and how many aspire, Sean Parker #Facebook ?
<3 Lolita! Do you have one of those tiny victorian hats :3?
Waiting for 6 publications to release!! Can't wait to share!
One those days when I take the orange line home to remind me why I usually bike to work.
i'm duggin' and i'm doggin'
I'll be there. With many penis shaped objects lolol ;D
for real! The whole building shook when he hit the terrace
dude I totally agree. And I can't wait to see if erin wasson can act.
regardless of the horrible gimmick and wrestling ability. Ryder has done more to get himself over than any others have.
so bored tonight imma start hw i dont know how to do D: fuck my life..
probs cause they're not quality cause the dvd thing ya leaked lol
another gorgeous day here in Rochester,NY! Happy Easter all!
You know t bro, #Alreadyy, Thanks for da suport
True: "Support for The Farm is building because it represents an important hope for urban agriculture and community in the East Bay."
Moms making steak & baked potatoes. Yum.
Ii work out !
I totally overpacked but I brought all my shorts & tanks best feeling in the world since its the freaking north pole in PA today
RT : RT : Just printed 20 kfc coupons and am heading by homeless shelter in the morning!
From Justin (3:55pm): It's likely we'll avoid any storms until later tonight. Enjoy the rest of the day. -Justin
Hold on for one more day just came on in Dunkin donuts
“: Accepting you’re going to fail your exams and mentally preparing yourself for a career as a stripper.” Bahahahahah that's me!
sorry about that, miscommunicated to our folks that you guys would be there, totally our fault.
#schoolmemories prom night me and my son ran a train on shorty
~Frederich Nietzsche, Thus Spake ZarathustraThe greatest happiness you can have is knowing that you do not necessarily require happiness .
your welcome beautiful(:
Black tea has ~1/2 the caffeine of coffee; green tea has 1/2 the caffeine of black tea. Further reduce caf. by dumping 1st 20 secs of brew!
I love that I so get it!
Last full week of school!Yess!
To be Clear, the reason the #DeptCommittee failed was because Republicans refused to raise taxes on the richest Americans.
looks like the Steelers, Big Ben are getting a warm Cleveland Steamroller!
It's Friday! You know what that means? Work all weekend!
Thank you :)
thank you <3 I love your too Cody looks adorable haha :)
I'm ok thnx! U?
oh...one more thing...
Do you ever work El Rio on Friday nights? They are so much better for me than Wednesdays!
Why do I feel obligated to always tweet over 100 characters?
No swag surfin, finger snappin, crank dat "insert character here" music here ok!!
The Day Ahead: Jobs Report and Hammering Out Greek PSI Details
....for a really good reason
went back and followed everyone we followed on wanted to recreate my twitter experience as much as possible...
First Lady Michelle Obama has a special announcement for us this morning about Let's Move!
The is a godsend when I'm overseas & only have BB email access but no data.
thanks, you're welcome!
Saw your fantastic hair run by on NW Overton this AM. Happy running!
&& you're everything to me.<3
Twitter or facebook!
I can work on that.
Today's Iris Cafe $5 Special - Chicken Salad Croissant with tomato & mixed greens.
Why are Irish accents so complicated and annoying?! jfklaf
New set of strings on, 13 gage & thickest I've ever used as normally I use 11's or 12's .. Yay 13! \m/\m/
What? Where? It's October!!!
Lunch in Beverly Hills. The two women next to me have just ordered Cobb salads without chicken, cheese, beets, eggs, tomatoes or bacon.
I seriously hate #Sprortscenter. It is APRIL and the stupid ass NFL still dominates the show. So fucking sick.
You know what? I LOVE Brian Lies. A man after my own heart with all those bats. But. I hate the CSLP graphics.
After all the shit we been through... I gotchu
If i was ur boyfriend ill never let u go I can take u places u ain't ever been before baby take a chance or u will never ever know....
Damn, just realized it was LA 2, Denver 0 tonight. #Nuggets and #Rockies have some work to do!
yeah,sure. mahomies should help each other right ? :)
I've been asked on 3 dates in the last day and half #WOW ...smh
RT if 0/5 of One Direction follow you.
!!!! RT “: Skinny ass girls that always complain about being fat are annoying af stfu nobody cares.”
Cut your winter dog walking time in half by feeding your dog a laxative five minutes before walkies
Working on a big graphic design project today as well as some DVD duplication & video editing.
I want some LOL
ATL Baby Is Where I Reside <3
Yeah, I've been really disappointed by how many of my otherwise thoughtful friends have been having a laugh at her expense.
woke up crying. dont think its gonna be a good day :/
Hi, You can follow me?
Alien in my pants
My second accounts first tweet is this
im expecting to gain about 30 pounds. #friedchicken #what?
:-) enjoy!! so i think im going to come to your house
No need to rent Shump, buy something. RT : Dear Donny Walsh...thank you for giving me a chance!!
Coach Scott: "We face a very good UNT team. They have probably the most talented player in the league with Tony Mitchell"
If you need a good interview for upcoming shuttle delivery, Dr. Charles Justiz, who captained the SCA cross country is available.
Dear NYS Senators Schumer and Gillenbrand, your phone lines are busy, but you need to vote against PIPA. Thank you.
RT : While digging for #FavoritePicasso stuff in our archive, we found this photo of MoMA staff packing up Guernica.
It's crazy what 5 min after 5pm can do to the traffic flow.
Also a big shout out to of for being fucking awesome and giving us a chance by booking us on his shows. It means a lot.
of tomorrow!!....wat to efen do!!?
yup he is! but I cried so much, and I want JoMo to play Klaus xD
these girl feelings are making me sick to my stomach. some one fast forward time.
Hey would you like to visit our Mark Twain Letters exhibition? We borrowed from Millicent Library letters btwn Twain & HH Rogers!
not entirely sure yet but damn a good dude just left us!
RT : It's true: Don't confuse traffic with engagement.
RT : Currently Reading: The Last Battle by C.S. Lewis. I apologize ahead of time for tweets about knights and talking animals
See ya in 13 hrs Can you feel it ?
Best couple ever<3 Just thought i would let you know(:
Ah well, no Jagr in the Pens. Maybe thats not so bad. I didnt really like his peanut butter anyway. Anyone remember that stuff?
I have to wait till this weekend to go to sprint
Thanks for the RT Chris!
haha I heard the video say it and it was like a reflex for me to turn around and look at you lol.
I'm looking for friends with benefits... mainly medical, but also dental and vision would be good too...
lunch date + ridding on the back of the bike = what I need <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
The thirst and the delusion I see every day is beyond pathetic
And what the hell is with this ending credits song? THIS IS A POOR IMITATION OF BRYAN ADAMS ALL FOR LOVE!!!
Personally, I'm waiting for Kawhi
": ": For worse or for better were better together" " aw
i love suri!
llamf stfu!!! Phahahah he was a real live baby!! But I must say we look TF good!
seems like just yesterday you were 17... lol happy birthday<3 (:
bored as f***k man
That sucks big time. Here's hoping you killed all the little buggers.
the ratio is infinite if you want it enough, I hear.
apologizes for not tweeting for a LONG time. Patients need care, events need help, friends need to be seen and made. Back to reality! =)
Love you on live tonight's! Makes me realize how much I miss u!
Who's coming out to party with us tonight at TJ Mulligans, Trinity? It's gonna be fun... we'll see you there!
Any kind of #dog can participate in #agility competitions – Hooray for #mutts!
*www.myspace.com/bekabronkmusic BEKA & the GIN HALL HUSTLERS >>>
Veggie Delites are my life
lol stupid spell check i meant to say Freddie Gibbs
rehearsal for Jools Holland tonight!
sometimes we have to make mature decisions that can be beneficial for our future (:
I can hardly wait...to gouge my own eyes out.
we get to think of life as an inexhaustible well
I know I heard about it Elaine was telling me lastnight that u was moving you better make sure you let me know when u move
have a wonderfull weekend
They say love is in the air, so I hold my breath until my face turn purple.
Tryna go to chipotle after work
Whenever I have headphones in it sounds like everyone around me is speaking another language.
yea I'm taking Latin next year
I can never stay seriousÖAt first Iíll stare at you and then start laughing my ass off.
Anyone have a good recommendation for a St. Paddy's movie? I'm thinking Boondock Saints or The Departed...
The way you see them is the way you treat them and the way you treat them is the way they often become. Zig Ziglar
sorry to hear that. Siri helping at all ?
#NASCIO11a In my opinion this new budget norm creates the biggest opportunity in history to disrupt govt IT procurement: Open Source & SaaS
There no diet in the world that can motivate you. They all succeed or fail due to the operator.
lol ..which news channel do you watch?
Going to the toughest looking bouncer at a strip joint and asking if haggling is allowed.
Hm. I wouldn't worry too much about it. It's an easy fix. And probably agents/houses vary anyway.
de nada. Do you all have to use the "Weave" assessment (computer) program. I'm assembling forces here to attack and destroy it.
Pharez Whitted - Sunday Jazz Jam Session starts this Sunday! Gonna be HOT - Andys @ 11 E. Hubbard Street Chicago - $10-free for musicians
An intern, Microsoft Research, found out from one of presenters on my panel from
nice! lol. just saw this...my twitter has been down 'til now.
you can tell durant won MVP just by seeing his frail arm
Great organization! We are happy to be a follower!
People really do need to stop thinking that me and #oomf are together. It will never happen, I mean they text me from a food stamp phone. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
Can I order from factory????
Its Greener on this side no need 2 Rake :)
Why does the media INSIST on making Pinterest the next big thing? I mean, it's cool and all but it jeez...
For a second I thought he was talking about the boyz..lol
as much as your dick
The tour price INCLUDES R/T air from NYC. If you want/need to purchase your own airfare, there is a land-only package too!
I miss having my workout partner #sadtweet:(
I cannot remember the last time I was this hungover. Happy Mother's Day.
I haven't forgot. Have a blessed one hunni
The FCC Makes Campaign Finance (a Bit) More Transparent - Bloomberg
thanks! RT : Checking out down at Cool cart!
Yum......real Greek Food!
But if two wrongs don't make a right, why did she just make this left turn?
Non-bot here - Watching Tree of Life tonight. Heard mixed things. Will be interesting
I am definitely a dark beer kinda girl.. I cant drink stuff like bud light I stick to my yuengling.
the snack machine selection is awful right now. the concessions ppl are missing out on ppl determined to break resolutions.
nas! Had so much fun last night! #random!
i hope your Tumblr is funnier
I don't know...can't go back in time....but probably...but you and I can't talk for everyone else
ik same!! :( at least I got to see your beautiful face!
Fuck old ppl!!!! Yeah I said it!!!!
Following the #FreeSpirit campaign breathlessly, even off the clock. Here's a riddle: What do you call Spirit's one second of motion? News!
Drove Wmsburg to Yorktown tears streaming at Teri's interview w/ Maurice Sendak: beautiful, on books, music, atheism, love
Girls requested early wake up this a.m., so that we could all do sun salutations together.
yes....but not on Tuesdays :-)
Perfect beach day.
Listening to My Name by is the only way to start the weekend!
Sex pistols & Frankie goes to Hollywood this morning. Looks like an 80's kind of day!
We have the power to change our lives look deep within yourself and see what you can do to change to make you life better BELIEVE ACHIEVE
Self: are you okay Me: I wish I could tell you
wish I was in Nash this week! I would come see you!
I'm am cryyyyyyyin laughin at "Amen" !!! Sherman Hemsley a.k.a. George Jefferson is a fool!!!
Jackson!!! I miss you!!!
I came across it while doing research: Is this old wicker thing with a handle that I have a picnic basket, or a purse? Inconclusive.
Just becuz justin is following me doesn't mean I will get nore followers
Store all items in a cool, well-ventilated area. Hot attics, damp basements, and garages should be avoided.
Does anyone want to play racquetball with me at LA? I have two quest passes, just no racquetball equipment.
What's new and exciting in your life?
Bummer my #IL2010 proposal wasn't accepted. But excited to write a paper for #libraryassesment!
Slept in today.... Last week kept me busy, thanks to God!
Daughter: How did you meet Mommy? Austin: Well, it all started when your mom used to spam me on Twitter..
I feel like a bad person when I ask my parents for stuff
Is that lie
RT : DigitalNow 2013 set for April 4-6 at Disney's Contemporary. Already looking forward to it.
Wednesday 7:30. Meeting at PushPush for a revolutionary project in film and live theater hybrids. Mr. Meriwether. Come out n hear more.
Behance is such a great source for inspiration. Some incredible portfolios.
Got up this morning listening to #U2. #GoodMusic and
So of us might but most of use would not
need more then 1200 followers to make that happen
Little Joe!!!
one of many reasons! :)
its going to be humid again today no
thanks for the #ff Chris! have a great weekend bud! cheers!
This was just one of those weeks when I felt like fewer buckles.
At silk hookah lounge for the official meet and greet of
From when you lived here, guessing still up.
You're just a boy toy RT @ _SirHenry I love the sun, met pug Julia in the park, she was 1 year older, nice to play with this old woman"
AVENGERS. WAS. EPIC.
Did you tell her that you just left practice?
you're
School Tomorrow ughh :/
Have a safe trip Chris! And WTF Manny on the roids? Manny being Manny I guess
tuned in only a few minutes before the goal. saw the best part.
Grilling ribs and telling dear friends impt things while wearing green facepaint as 'the mask'
yeah, that was certainly the craziest part of it
Thanks for and You are doing it right.
For it being this early and hung over on my day off I was unusually chipper when I was taking a shower. But then mom cam home.
omg hahah run in with Pat Sharp #classic that's so funny
it's a beautiful day. So naturally, I'm going to be at work. :-)
Alright you pick the place and the time and I'll buy the burgers. Just not Friday.
“: Nice Choice! "Form of Flattery" #1977 Critically #Dope” indeed can't wait for another album
#privatepractice I think what made me cry the most was how fine #Jake is. I'm serious!
The Non-Profit Event will be luxurious after you go to the gym Aspen Penn Square Mall Athletic Club.
why don't you ever tweet boy!
i just keep going.
just had another one of those moments where you realize just how transformative tablets will be.
Cool. I live in Naples. Do you know it? And I lived in Rome too. Beautiful city. But I never got out of Italy, unfortunately.
Oh I missed that! Is it Netflixable????
advertising my business
Thanks for the FF!!
I fear mine reflect badly on my life choices... mustaches, drugs, pizza, pinball... at least beer isn't on there!
Whether he knows it or not, the comedian is on a treadmill to oblivion
I Still Am!
Seriously, powers-that-be, you should really figure out a way to keep around. He's a huge credit to your organization.
And me. And Noel Crane.
When I play my maracas I go chick chicky boom chick chicky boom!
Someone takeover the vintage camera, the operator is tripping out on the keyboard close ups
Turning off my phone for the rest the day, and going for a run.
nope. Means people want to see u lol
Today in 1989, Whitesnake hits #37 with "Fool For Your Love." This is a re-recording of the song that first charted at #53 in 1980.
I am not interested in simply surviving. I want to thrive with the aid of my yoga practice.
WINTER WEATHER ADVISORY for Marion, Morrow, Knox, Richland and Crawford Counties until 9am Monday.
Gonna meet harry from TOWIE in a bit LOL
Y WOULD I BE DRUNK?
Anyone thinking missing the Champions League final for 3 yellows is harsh: remember two of the Chelsea players were booked for dissent.
The most important thing in communication is to hear what isn't being said. --Peter Drucker
I know one thing John Elway is "NOT" thankful for, Tim Tebow! Every victory that Timmy gets is one further pick from the TOP Q.B.'s in Draft
AWESOME! I love days like that.
looks lke its about to rain :(
Who are some artists that you want to see us post about? Let us know!
Marty Cesario and Brian Roth breakdown the latest CET football polls.
i hate it when im singing a song , then the artist get the words wrong ..
wait for it....Mormon missionaries are sexy.
Just got to my audition got this in the bag
Rucker: CPC affirms district decisions in 7 out of 9 cases. Before, Superior Court was overturning most cases. Huff's bill muddles process.
are you not tweeting or did Twitter have me I follow you? I haven't seen you in my TL for a couple days. : (
I'll take a pass... But you should twit-pic it lol
Gonna need an evening cup of coffee...
Had a great day working on 's new record... Can't wait to start guitars and vox :-) www.starlightstudiosorlando.com
90% of success is showing up - meet broadcast recruiters from CNN, ESPN, CBS News, Star Radio Group and others on April 18
Are you too dependent on internet communication? How do you usually contact your friends?
oh ok and dont make plans for sunday
#Series14 is the ideal choice for commercial & residential: office buildings, hospitals, schools, restaurants, apartments and retail outlets
I'm sorry
True or False: all is well that ends well....? Happy Hour 1-8pm! $2 Domestic Beer, $3Apps, $4 Bubbles by the Glass
no offense, but I don't care anymore.
Car repairman, a/c repairman, etc. are lost trades. No one does those anymore.
Headed to Glen Rose with this guy!!'
A smoking section in a restaurant is like a peeing section in a pool.
you guys killed it. Those harmonies were SICK. Proud of you dudes!
This picture must have cropped out the sign that said, "RUN AWAY! Escape while you can!" That pic is too funny :)
Dont be soundin too sure lol lol j.k not too much on Him i dont want him too start Defenden Himself.
im at the right nowww!
RT : RT : Hope... Sometimes that's all you have when you have nothing else. If you have it, you have everything.
Josh, It was amazing. I want that so bad!! GAH!
Groovy! We're so happy to have you as part of Blellow! :)
It feels like we haven't talked in a long time!
just received my shirt and will send the one for asap! Thank u I love it Julie :)
"Foolish consistency is the hobgoblin of small minds" Ralph Waldo Emerson.
DON'T VOTE FOR 8 FRUIT SMOOTHIES!!.. VOTE FOR WHO EVER U WANT EXCEPT THEM.. -___-
Love the Twitter but WISH more people would vocalize their opinions to me other than DM. Let EVERYONE KNOW.
RT : "More than half of likely Republican voters in Mississippi say they think President Barack Obama is a Muslim.
My Italian has gotten so rusty... that's disappointing.
THERE'S NO PLACE NOT HOME
Happy shopping! I'm jealous of your day :)
Congratulations to for your award from the AU GLBTA Resource Center! Sorry I couldn't make it to the ceremony
I don't understand the collared shirt, athletic pants, and sandals look...
Anyone have an iPhone 4s OWLE that I can borrow?
Try to discover The road to success And you'll seek but never find, But blaze your own path And the road Will trail right behind.
Just watched 50/50..I recommend it.
Thanks for the RT. Make it a Healthy, Happy Day!
"We should Be" by:Trey Songz
Sorry for the following follow bomb, but my band is finally online...!
LMAO this guy on Jeopardy had to guess the name of an artist. They played "Born This Way" and he said "Who is Madonna?". Ugh.
Zing one.
Pennsylvania: Lawyers, judges remember Dr. King's words on Law Day
no I got my back in like January so I'm good for a while
lol not true but you kinda have a nice tan when your white pimples all over your face and your brown freckles cancel out
& the Jonas brothers
eyes changing colour on the daily more than ever. grey/blue/green/weird
Getting ready to head over to GenCon to pick up a busload of LARP enthusiasts. We're very excited, and we're not even playing the game!
Just went for a run in #AlexandriaVA Beverly Hills neighborhood on "big trash day" eve. You guys throw out nice stuff!
It's 9:03pm. Do you know where your television is?
I don't agree w/ #homosexuality. Many feel otherwise. That's fine. Everyone's entitled to their beliefs. Please just go about it quietly.
Idk, two games in one year? It's a little risky, but let's be honest, Fable 3 wasn't to big of a success. Are these better?
but we had such a great day, I would hate to see it end like that..... :-D
what is wrong with you?! Lol I feel the exact opposite!
#dctech check out facial hair, front row on the right
Sometimes I Gotta Ask Myself,, "..Is It Really Worth It??!
Top of the morning to you folks, thanking God for another great day on this earth
Still struggling with the furnace, by the time it's done, summer will be here.
all by myself:-) I do my best work alone lol. I thought u went to bed
Come help
where do u wtch this video wtf
We're from Washington, D.C. and awesome- we'll check it out soon!
So glad! I'll see you there!
or maybe if someone didn't burn a timeout. Typical.
Don't forget 2 watch "The Tonight Show" this Thursday. Pitch 2 America starring the Hollywood Pitch Festival.
can the hawks get dwight without giving up 2 of the 3 (joe, al, smith)?would the magic still consider a marvin/smith for howard?
"Woo Canada! Nickelback! And hockey! And poutine! And ketchup chips! In your face America!" - (I think he's been brainwashed)
RT : There's a show called Wicked Tuna... Just thought you should think about that for a while.
Compassion, communication, and apologies FTW (on both sides), eh?
RT : NFLPA suggested that players have a lawyer&union representative present when they are interviewed by NFL investigators.
what happen to who the miz nothing
I love this rain!!!!'
moving is never fun
Pointing people back to our purpose with stories of impact bring about excitement.
not like he would care.
And right as you're leaving work! Blah.
I have a sudden urge to watch "Grosse Pointe Blank," probably because "Under Pressure" just came on.
"A bitch is a bitch, but a dogs a man's best friend !!"
Cool, just saw that. Mails soon.
slick! User friendly guide is a great touch. Your graphic artist should get a raise. Love the pics
Over 50 people want FREE tickets to Dances from the Heart.. What will you do to win yours?
#lakers trade Fisher and Walton away. I know many are sad to see Fish go but the practical side of me thinks it was past due.
Its like I cant feel a thing without you around.
I want to wish everyone Good luck on your finals, and for all of you that are graduating this month congratulations.!!!
So Tweet something! :)
Thank you so much, Lisa. Have a good night!
There's no way this PR person's name is real
Friends, family, and guitar lovers! I have opened my own vintage and used guitar shop, Thunder Road Guitars. Follow us
Naaa if Kevin love didn't get hurt he would have been MVP hands down
I can't believe you chose that handle & I love it too.
had fun shopping for skool clothes with my mom.SHOP'TILL YOU DROP
Thanks everybody for all of your Leap Day birthday wishes! :) I appreciate!
What's a good Cinco de Mayo movie?
I think I spiked myself this morning on accident
Yes I ! Do it Jah! dub up inna Italia!
I'm disappointed in myself for not telling her... Had an amazing time with her though.
omg i am so stoked.
So glad to see local news anchors drooling over Rick Scott. Not 1 mention of his terrible poll numbers or any challenging questions...
nice photo gallery there alex
Mixed thoughts about the logo. With no text, the logo doesn't scream Starbucks anymore.
Happy birthday!
AYE. Remember us? ;D
just do onto others as you would have them do onto you.....that's all you can keep doin.....
I don't blame you. I'd rather be "eventing" than chatting with me too
Lmao!! Ok, I wanted to avoid this convo but why don't you like it and who's mixtape is better??
19 days or << keep praying things keep going good this time!!
Ended up accidentally adding the same photo 3 times because facebook on iPhones sucks ass -_-
THat is a perfact example of "Thoughts are things" The emotion created by one persons thought captured on film . WOW !
RT : RT : This game is incredible. Student section really stepped up. Feels like OT and we're in the 1st half.
rarely, its all i can do to keep up with twitter and fb.
My adrenaline is gonna do ya in, I'm seein' red again.
At Dove Valley on #Peytonwatch. Elway and Xanders here. No Manning, yet.
woo! We should tweet the link to him too. :D
#yolo ha the things Miami makes u do
Another SCC Tweeter! Follow for updates from Whitefish Bay!
yes! I'm researching how to prepare college students for careers in advertising--what degrees, course loads, major names etc
: Thelma & Marty, you're big winners in my book.
Happy Birthday to my Wife Jacinta Shanae a.k.a The Redbone Mona Lisa! Right On!
Dude....I so want to like party right now!!
Are you in knitting club?? lol
Come get your coffee at BCH #amiamorningperson?
I only speak da truth..lmao
I hope you will be on!
*hot boy taking off his jacket somehow the shirt underneath slipps and you can see his belly* IM LIKE O-H-M-..*dead*
#20ThingsAboutMe 2. I'm an optimistic.
did i qualify?
do all of us who make the stuff agree with you?
WAT UP TURF? HOWS BIZ.. IMA COP THAT BLOCK OPS
Dude:if you try to control me because your scared to lose me, in the end you will only push me away.girl: aw
We aim to please. *cocking a lopsided grin* As for dirty, you have no idea.
whoa Micheal Jackson is dead...!
I don't know about you, but the Friday afternoon info dump is my absolute favorite.
definitely chubbies i was always a boy meets world girl
“: Morgan Freeman is the JayZ of acting”
I ain't stressing its all good ... It's okay
Your Welcome, I hope you enjoy!
<-witness of AARP couple making out
Love whats wrong?
You know, I don't hate it. Kind of works. Surprised a team has never had superhero-styled unis and hats
Da Heat got blew out? lol
Has it only been 15? Feels like a lifetime.
Most children threaten at times to run away from home
was Cabelas crazy on Mother's Day?
"Give peace a chance." RIP, John!
“: giving high praise when talking about said he enjoyed playing for you” I really enjoyed it too!
That awkward moment when people accuse you & your best guy friend of having a thing even when the whole school knows who you like.
Dear Luna already did ;)
What bands are you listening to today!?
Eating Fun Dip
I am not young enough to know everything.
Sometimes things fall apart so that better things can fall together ~Marilyn Monroe
Can't wait for this Friday night at midnight... the screening of "The Neverending Story" with the star Noah Hathaway at the Nuart in West LA
Suits new season starts June 14th ...FYI : )
Such a cute town!
Ah yes. We'll be stoked when they stop booking that lineup.
NO! They should have an essay contest, you'd totally win.
good night !
Follow a ill producer
true soldiers
Use the "lock this post" option on Google+ if you don't want people sharing what you posted - thanks #gsocial I love this option.
Terminator is ok. The robots are the best. Best Line: "I'll be back."
OK, we'll check it out. Thank you!
no problem let me know how it all goes!
I just downloaded an app called uloop and you get to make songs! I just spent the last two hours making a beast song!
The Bad Plus t-shirts and CDs available starting tonight. VINYL starting Friday. Don't miss out!
Happy quarter century birthday! Thanks for entertaining us on and off the field. You're a keeper.
"Don't become other peoples energies." ;)
Grammer deal with politics every day, deon is just a country ass cool cat!
This is heartwarming! “For a while, he had to lay down in the back of his mother’s van..."
have the stikers in spanish?
Off to Michaels.....I need another weekend craft....or two.
charles clue me in. everyone buys tickets to sell them for more?
they say you can choose the one you love so i say i love coffee! i don't wanna talk about it. end of discussion.
I'm still thinking we need to make a film together, sir.
My tears dry on their own <3
I don't care if I never meet or see Austin , the fact that I can still hear his voice and watch him live his dream makes me happy.
Guy at ragtag complaining about having "lyrics" stolen from him. Have I mentioned how much I love Columbia recently?
Hey I have a great idea! How about we DON'T murder people!
#ScaryMovieRulesToLiveBy If you think you stopped the killer, but it was before the end credits, leave before they're over. Trust me.
#10thingsaboutmyself I Love Dancers.
Reserve a spot on Fri for LORD OF THE RIBS. $20 trinity: merlot shorts, Memphis baby backs & cherrywood smoked. 312-492-6620
Can you please fucking unfollow me? Oh and check your dm
Thanks so much for the compliment!! :)
good morning twiter
i have to go. bye..
am i getting sick?
Good morning! It's almost Friday. Let's celebrate!
that's so depressing!! :( hope you feel better tho!
your court or mine - lessons are a great gift idea! lets chat over email
Thank you ( :
Seven Pepper Sirloin Steak Salad >
The numbers.... where did all the numbers go? 0_o
:) Absolutely! Privates and classes. I have a feeling it might be a bit of a drive for you though.
Meet got canceled that's one meet where I could've done something great
Strickly US speaking - how about a trek from Moab, Utah through to Colorado's great divide to end at Telluride. Need 4WD.
Bestfriend bonding time <U+2764>
No tourney snow. Unbelievable. : Wow, what a week! Every day in Indy, the high will be at least 20 degrees above average!”
can I plan yours? Haha
good luck tonight throw down 30
haha I always do it!!!!
totally. Last week with the starfish netty thing hahahaha almost peed myself laughing.
To paraphrase Rumsfeld, you go to the election with the candidate you've got...
So true! RT : Seven days without laughter makes one weak. ~Mort Walker
This week has felt so long..
ha ha. No, some a/c belt. Nothing excited. I was hoping for more of a lead story to be honest.
this week will be the last full week of school!! only 9 school days left and 20 days til graduation :)
Gee wiz you're the cutest! Ah!
My buddy looks nice n her new Avi <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
this morning!!! This morning!! Hahaha
ahh i wanted to watch it he always actually do them short
The desire to win is born in most of us. The will to win is a matter of training. The manner of winning is a matter of honour
We're really lookin' forward to playing @ Gruene Hall tomorrow afternoon from 5-9pm. Good times guaranteed!
Comcast Praises Voluntary BitTorrent Crackdown Agreement - TorrentFreak
": CHEATER! RT : I will buy you a purse if you tell me who Quinn is!! #askscandal"
Home sweet home after a lovely ride. Thanks to all who make this #DCtheatre community so warm, brilliant, and supportive.
Today was the fastest day of my life, but I've accomplished so much. x_c bye weekend.
I can't wait to see the end of the bball game, lol.
Preparing "bun" for traditional "bun and cheese" at Easter. Hot cross buns evolved as loaves without a cross!
yeah them girls are a handful & I think this is it for me on the kids...lol
you right
did you finish the first part of the final review?
Haha, sounds familiar. I don't think I have any friends who haven't seen mine.
Do you see Chris Rucker as a CB or S for the Colts?
The Milwaukee Film Festival is my favorite thing about September!
on the deck looking out at the ocean, first thing in the morning drinking coffee, then after dinner. Ahh wish I was there now
if there is anyone driving toward Wichita there is a tornado on the ground and damage reported Storm is hding N now toward Salina
I love it! You killed it! Glad you filmed it! Love You Cuz! You gotta come to Chicago!
Agreed Tony. Great video & great job Mindy. Charlene is forwarding the video to friends as I tweet.
Good general advice: don't be too disappointed when the students aren't as excited as you abt the topic!
Just made aware of widening gap in the appreciation of east coast hip hop & southern hip hop
No way! You're just really eager to help the economy!
Trust issue
thx so much, ryan...it's the best thing ever, really. and i know you'll get it when it's your time. may your research go well!
Life After College is such an amazing book by that I ended up buying three copies, two to give out.
y wats up can ya plz pass by the page nd listen to couple of my trackz.nuch appariti. www.myspace./baddassmug3000
Thanks for the feedback-- I'm so sorry to hear about your experience! I will pass that along to the airport team to address.
I have been trying to tell you that for years.
you dont remember me
Any rumors on when they are opening nats park?
YES!! My day will be so much better knowing that I will be getting a copy of Spagetti Sauce and Other Delights!!! ;D
Thank you for spending your evening with us!
yep I'm jealous. We aren't even going to make it now. Going to be late before gets out.
I would be just fine with "The Help" winning Best Picture.
Drink it all even when it tastes too strong.
those are SO good!!!!!
Headed out for last day of filming
Welcome Kevin, enjoy
you may want to explore the website & consider purchasing the book, it's packed with info & photos
Howdy. Let the naval-gazing begin. :)
Back from Kansas City
Was that some thunderstorm last night or what? Thought my house was going to fall down.
5 days of work, 1 whole day to play, so come on everybody get your roller skates today...its Saturday, Saturday, Saturday
Gearing up for the 2012 North American International Auto Show!
I want to be the dj at the #FMC. Who's getting pumped for the new fanpage layouts?!
I put up with my publisher's shenanigans because I know they are going to put out a high-quality book that has a life expectancy > 500 yrs.
I made Shrimp Pineapple Fried Rice last night! It was delicious! My hun Loved it!
Belding for AD?
I like Mila Kunis for Ana... Skarsgard seems to old looking for that role to me...
Of course! Would love that :)
thought I was influential about robots.
For some reason someone hacked my account. Crazy
ima be like the house cook next year haha im excited. just excited in general if it all works out
read "City got off easy" and assumed that was a soccer tweet. Too much effing soccer in my twitter, I guess.
Thanks glad you enjoyed!! That shirt is "vintage" from a couple of years ago. Sorry but there will be some new retail soon!
I was going to watch west coast customs but Darwin hasn't renewed his #Netflix account so I can't.
probably something MLK said once- those words would bring us all to the same place and leave us for a moment speechless...
what?! Omg <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1> don't tell me
You can win a FREE PIZZA weekly! Just text FacebookPJ to 90210. Normal messaging rates apply.
Congrats, Jermaine, you are a brilliant talent!
At LAX heading back to NYC! Great seeing all my friends in sunny SoCal. Be back soon!
RT : Amen! RT : In a selfish way, thanks to Adobe for freeing he now can provide things like this:...
Just got out of the shower..........nice and clean :)
Awesome blog, Melissa! Thanks for sharing
There's somebody on Facebook pretending to be you. :o I hate them.
Dear neighbor, please turn off your dog. Thank you.
I follow you. would you follow me? Dr. Spanish
clearly not ;)
I tune in on and off I dont have a mobile device to follow all the time but when I get home I follow
Can't stand to watch , but I can listen to his music all day. a la
Has facebook stopped work for anyone else or is it just me?
Hey, how have you been?!
I'm with you Mols. Life would be so much more difficult without music. It always makes EVERYTHING better.
Every time you hang your head low you take your eyes off of the prize.
Grant Hill is so GAY!
Its coffee time !
Michael Jackson, Whitney Houston had secret fling, claims bodyguard
Welcome to Alaska, the nigga free state.
shower time!!(:
Dreaming, after all, is a form of planning
heey do you think you could give me a shoutout ? i really wanna hit 200 followers tonight . :)
Bad hair day. I look awful. LOL
lol had 12 #goldentickets on Friday, also on grant
Just had a flash back thinkn of all the good times I had wit my big bro..that dude showed me a lot!
omg lets do it!!!!!!!!!! When we hang out nxt time,we are doing it. lets call it "Real Life, Real Quotes" something lke tht
One exam stands between me and summer.
thanks! Trying to make it easier to use
Management attention to offshoring vs onshoring is focused in the beginning of the relationship, but lags subsequently.
What the !?$& am I still doing awake? The alarm goes off in 5 hours. I'm going to have to start up a caffeine habit. :P
Nadine Gordimer~ Power is something of which I am convinced there is no innocence this side of the womb.
Im Irritated
I feel as though I have not done anything nerdy lately.
So im still calllinggg y100 radio... &' its still busy.
a place in my mall called Earthbound. :)
What's good Peoples!
enjoy your trip! I'm jealous of you.
What is the name of the monkey
Agree: race is still open. Polls don't predict. But if #1 goal is to beat CD, NF is the safer bet.
"Pros and Cons: A Fantasy Football Movie" premieres May 17th. For interview request, please contact
Ted Koppel IDEO news segment is getting played at #drupalcon ux presentation... isn't it a bit dated?
happy happy birthday!!
would we be able to orchestrate a woman jumping out of a massive bowl of poutine?
another absolutely gorgeous day to be thankful for !
taking me a while to get used to this twitter stuff...lol
Thursday can't get here soon enough. First vacation in well over a year
Is there anything more exciting than "Package on truck, out for delivery"?
I would love that! I'll be gone Saturday but tomorrow night I'll be here :))
There are far too many snacks in this office!
~And at the end, the love you take is equal to the love you make!~
apperently i live in chicago NE?! stupid twitter hahahah
Home sweet Home
its great your so cute
12 Buck Thursday! Only $12 for Unlimited Golf & 40 Tokens...add on Go-Karts & Bumper Boats for only $5!
Thank you! I thought people do not read my tweet.
Another who has the heart of your Size, I would lock myself in a room with you ;) <U+2665>
We can end this.
oh sweet! Should be a good time
Someone just told me I look like at #SMSS. Good thing or bad thing?
Just till Easter. I gave it up for Lent. Thinking of shutting yours down too?
There is one time when I rue the great numbers of books I own. Moving, I shake my book-toting fists at you.
Thanks so much for coming in!!!
I love your youtube vids!!
just watched "Julie & Julia", and it was just as great as everyone said it would be :-)
everything good good! YE
The musical presentation (by the opera students from Colorado University) at the Boulder Rotary was FANTASTIC!! Bravo!!
"Still waiting Justin Timberlake to tweet me back" - JT, get on that!
lol, its okay gurl sometimes i just wanna PUNCH HER IN THE FACE im not a fan of her never have been never will sorry
Know what an XPS file is? Same as a PDF. Seems silly for MS to create another format.
Balanced breakfast like a g...ymnast
Looking for a simple way to connect to the Cloud? Check out You can map cloud storage as a network drive, easy! www.gladinet.com
“ are really a lot to help turnaround our film !”
Every month light up your life with articles at
MOTHER OF GOD! they are seriously sho shtunning!
I have one infection on my erection for one direction.
I over think my assignments and then I can't get them done.
its going good :) its finished and uploaded!! You can look at it :)
have you had to do the Mac part of that chart yet?
Come enjoy our happy hour cocktails or order a hamburger cooked just the way you like it here at Sandia Springs Lounge!
Is missing her grandmother very very much today. Can't believe it's been a year. Xo.
nuh uh!! I wanted some but I ate a cucumber and turkey sandwich instead.
Do dancers have razz-metabolism?
I've been as poor as an ugly whore. And as rich as an ugly bitch. And I gotta tell ya; I prefer the latter.
Ok! I'm convinced. I'll call tomorrow.
Everybody has that one person that they want to hate but can't cause they still love them.
I normally don't watch hockey but that game is way too intense and that was a sick goal
I refuse to go bungee jumping, I came into this world because of a broken rubber, I'm not leaving because of one.
Ryan describes it as a purification process to remove impurities that may leech into one's cup of Joe.
Lebron is the greatest athlete to walk the earth.
Is somebody on my twit ? bout to change all my passwords i aint tweet dt
would you ever consider dating one of your fans? :)
I don't even know what "yolo" means...someone please enlighten me :(
#WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay I'm going to buy a dress today
Thx to I'm going to be repping Summertime Ent at Looking 4 family film or tv- live or animated
“: SHOUT OUT TO ALL THE SOON TO BE GRADS!!! One of the best feelings ever! #TERPS” yup, until u start that 9-5
Time is "NOT" on your side, so what are you waiting on?
If in the Va Beach area on Saturday head to the palace on plume to support at the Mother's day mixer from 12-6p
The most beautiful curve on a women is her smile.
Thanks Tracey! Looking forward to working with you! :D
Y'alls accounts are sending out spam DM's, just an FYI.
Sacto genre smashers sign to Will release two albums this year! "The Money Store" drops April 24.
#KTCO question of the week - What's the best way to earn exposure for your small business?
Sorry, but I've only got about 14 days left in that hell hole. I'm just wingin this powerpoint and essay.
RT Had an awesome time with !! Thank you for
I freestyle in my head on Sunday mornings Ye
yalll are awesome. :))))
Josh Smith on Celtics (via ): "You have to think and outsmart them on a lot of plays because their defensive IQ is almost perfect.”
#how2pleaseahoodrat do some hoodrat stuff with your friends!
according to my mother i got a boob job she didn't know about.
Drinking red wine out of a sippy cup just doesn't seem quite right...
May 8th & June 5th. Remember that date my friends!
Finally! all 4 kids are down
Why would the news report that the folks in Mayfair are taking shifts to watch for the tire vandals? Seems counterproductive to announce it.
is it a kitten ? I don't want a lazy old fart grandma :) LOL.
thanx i love yours!(:
RT : A5: You have to remind members about the scholarships, which are due in June!
#IfIWasGagaForADay I'd wear a lawn mower as a hat on stage and start it.
Hey NYC! Put on pants, have a glass of wine, and come see me play tonight at Rockwood. (Does not have to be in that order, btw) 10pm sharp.
Whoa! my favorite pro-wrestler is good at Twitter. He can spell + he's funny! In other news, I have a favorite pro-wrestler.
DRINK YOURSELF TO SLEEP!!!!
VEGAN cinnamon rolls in the house! Get one warmed up!!! So good.
I'm there. Looking forward to a slow-down
On a session ravin with and thats how the story goes....watch out swags...
Head on over to to enter to win a vegan statement tee from adorable #vegan shop - tinyurl.com/3rgcedo
Come to the beat kitchen tomorrow we go on at 10pm
THANK You! Just read the rest of them...wowsers! Those are some hard core smells.
and they call it a offseason
well thank you :) <U+2764>
Wow I guess it's true. Things happen in 3's. First Ed,then Farrah, now Michael.
Adele - Chasing Pavements - 05:56 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Don't worry LBIC, I wouldn't ever let anybody get away with saying "nasty stuff" about youse.
Yeah, that can get $$! I've also got a wedding (& a 12-mi obstacle race) in Sept. Plus there's maybe 5 ppl I'd want to see! Haha
Idk why this bitch thought she could text me like ain't shit happened
I have complete faith in you ;-)
Over the years I learned that some women don't like a complete honest man! So I guess I have to lie to keep them interested! :)
If you look for the worst in people and expect to find it, you surely will. -Abraham Lincoln
And in fact you are, aren't you?
Wow!!! What a game.
do you see how mad you got? She makes money off of you! :)
thats soo good to hear im glad ur happy i wish you the best (:
We Follow You!
True, but Our Hero is Our Hero.
And I'm trumped. ;) Hang in there! RT ive got 12 hours on a bus to lake titicaca...this adventure is killing me
Let the pain begin bblleehhhh! I hate how long it takes to get sound medical attention. I have things to do!
Listen here YOU UGLY, BLACK, CATFISH SMELLING, AUNT JEMIMA LOOKING CHICK, YOU COULD POSSIBLY WHAT, NEVER! Yeah, I said it.
A fool says, “I can’t”; a wise man says, “I’ll try.” –Charles Spurgeon
better info 2 share than red vs pink meat
I feel like tackling all things #warhorse. Book, original score or movie first? Thinking book by default. or maybe book with score? Nah.
completly inlove with :D their songs on repeat all day:)
that sounds delicious and nutritious...nice choice.
Saw a tumbleweed roll across I-20.
French Quarter hangin'...where ya at?
Uluru aka Ayers Rock. And there is a train that goes south from there which I've heard is gorgeous.
so wait who's gonna be at the concert?
“: She owns a cat. #Time2Worry ...She owns multiple cats. #Time2Bail”
yea its nice, especially naked
will you be my date to the born this way ball?
Gibson got screwed.
Sky's the limit: Analyst says Apple could be worth $1 trillion: Piper Jaffray analyst Gene Muster says Apple's total market valuation...
...might as well fall asleep. Maybe I'll watch a movie or something.
We're totally jealous! RT : Just got tickets to YEAH BUDDY!! So Excited :D
At jazmines house :-)
My Friend Lisa Velarde Casias is looking for a Club DJ (DJ Pauly D Calibur) Who do you know??????
Yeah, I got PLENTY of sleep last night
Buckingham U. Badger!
i finally get to go to a dermatologist today to have all of my eczemas looked at. hopefully it means soon I will have fewer eczemas.
Wats up good morning
I just gave the bartender my number in roman numerals. If he figures it out, he<U+FFFD>s worth a shot
“: #YouNeedMe and i need you. Thats the way a relationship is suppose to work. R-T if you agree!!!” mmhmm
Physical security describes measures that are designed to deny access to unauthorized personnel.
can't wait to see you at the VMAs next year ;D
If Dave Begel continues to write for WITHOUT making an apology for those statements, it will be a JOKE.
So this is serenity... <3
Only a life lived for others is a life worthwhile. Albert Einstein
yeah, to me the bowls conclude on September 2nd. But maybe LSU will beat Alabama so badly their final rank plummets!
Thank you : )
Betty is so spiteful
Shopped 4 the 1st time at forever XXI & I'm in love pretty clothes for such cheap prizes can't wait to wear my new hello kitty sweater lol
agreed amazing
Faskinating! Social SF, Hard SF, I was having enough trouble with lit-vs-genre. I'm a terrible quibbler.
I know, right! Fairy god mothers rule
naw...that was coming. ESP after yesterday. When I read the news this am I was occupied hahahahahaha
"Ex-GOPer Distances Himself From Mass Shooting In Arizona" #huffpost And the Neo-Nazi who committed it. Mitt, are you listening?
Dude I don't smoke.
We have yet to be rained out! Ope @ 11:00, have a grand day!
Smart Grid Big data is NOT only meter data...Intelen's approach to Big Data & Smart Grid Game Mechs has facility and buildings inside...soon
what? Why that's dumb
#BeforeYouExit I met u in chicago& universal after the mardi gras parade do u remember?
Always be selling. Great advice from a mentor we just talked to.
Happy Birthday
What are you praying for on our National Day of Prayer?
awesome! Killed it.
no more coffee or carbs that is the main goal of the rest of this week
I know! That's why I think a Celeb is next!! The will want the attention it gets!
You're not allowed to stay forever. Unless we get to come and visit fortnightly!
Happy New Year!!
This used to be a twitter all about Cody S & his fans. But now all the sudden my timeline is filled with 1D.. Looks like everyone switched..
Writing inspiration of the day: Did you know that frequent jet lag can damage memory? Interesting story subject...
RT : T2: I believe personal use there should be no daily routine, it's more entertaining for followers with randomness.
Dudes always hit me,and i never write back,told u i trust you,till you fuck it all up.
#DontFollowMe if you don't follow
hope your day goes well Taylor & love you too!! <3
You think Brady will play the entire game?
RT : The "Hpy Bday" wall post on Fbk is like saying: 'I would've sent you a nice ecard, but I don't have that kind of time.'
NYC- FRi, Oct 28th, Matt Blackwell "Tour and Trance" landscapes of Maine, New Hampshire, New Mexico, etc.
I can always tell when a dude ... nvm.
Thank you so very much for the blog review! Happy Extortion Day to you as well
Oh my goodness
Hi Tori & Dean. When is your show coming back?
And he WAS!! Congratulations!!
that was quick! Have fun!! <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BB><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BB>
Best deals on shopping Why pay retail? Pay less. Here are five strategies to never have to pay full price again.
where is these days and when will u come to ny ... :)
What's your pre-game plan? Stop by for a drink?
(: so what do you wanna talk about?
Congratulations to one of my favorite bands of all time. The Faces finally getting inducted to the Rock Hall of Fame!
why do we need reservations made?
well remember I essentially have a rebuilt engine though at 120k
Had a great interview with Actor/Director don't forget to watch a new episode on A&E on Sun. 10/9c
For once, I not only agree with you....but actually feel your pain! Wrong time for them to piss us off.
Corporate meetings eat my soul
Well, that's interesting because they work for EVERY. OTHER. DOG.
S/O To Everyone Who's Following Meh!!!! :)
OKC is storming over the Lakers. Its a Thunderstorm and the Lakers have no shelter. hehehe
*chocolate. I'm sleepy today.
I wonder why?? WHY? :D
ive followed the voice you gave to me, but now i gotta find my own
Econ is done and over with on to the next two tests
Staining my shirt before i get to even go out<
happy mothers day!!!
Aaron we luv him we do RT“: Nice, enjoy LA and give all the #SmGirlfriends n
cheers! RT : I'm pretty impressed by some of the shows coming to over the new few months.
#Patients is a virtue #Sacrifice is a must!!
hey boo we haven't talked in awhile:) we need to hang again i miss yuh:) me you christina and kelly should plan somethin friday:)
we aren't arguing. :p
how many times do I have 2 tweet u so u would notice me or follow me!?!!??:(
I love
Atill in new York for several weeks.
Hello, new followers! Have a splendid day!
And my cubbies win too?? Perfect night. Perfect.
Great day to sit out on the patio and enjoy Brunch!!!
New end of the world date set to October 21 after the May 21 date failed.
Spoon - Written in Reverse - 05:26 PM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
"we're all really proud of you. LOL." -your mom
I'm really tired of the celebrations of death.
lmao, husband shopping sounds like a blast
I think you mean a doughnut.
Erin you suck go home
It 11:11 make a wish :-)
Watching the Masters and the Tribe game on split screen on my computer during class.
I aint a killer but dont push me, revenge is like the sweetest joy next to gettin pussy
Vinny should sell a pair of his pants on eBay! He would get a lot of money
Not enough, as usual!
Awesome thanks. I was a juror on the case last February and haven't seen any updates. =)
Can't believe Kentucky and Indiana aren't gonna play basketball against each other anymore. What's next? No more UK/UL?
is that Target? If so, I LOVE target. I was just at the one in Boston today! :)
I hate basketball. I'm clueless when everyone talks about the games <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>.
is a beast
Those are just the Opta chalkboards, using the Opta data, I just select the time frame and what to show; not quite like This11
hey - THAT QUIZ IS ALL ABOUT ME!!!
Finishing a research paper is a good feeling
Who did Phoebe say Ben looked like after he was born?
this was a few years ago (but it seems like yesterday) . . .
you're hot lol
The Millennium server is being replaced today so Millenium is down. Hence the library catalog and circulation are not available.
I thought about that too but afraid people will find me more strange than they already do but I definitely think you should.
Seriously. That rain delay was freaking amazing.
I swear girls gain weight faster than boys and boys lose weight faster than girls. DAFUQ?!!
Artest is a lunatic!!!!!!
Pls tweet : Mind DMing with your account number/name and address? Will try to get an update ^BH
I vote that you give up making that promise.
RT What?!? I bet its a damn dog!// u gotta c for urself! What time u coming?
Umm Your Tweet Has To Be Retweeted 100 Times!
A little bit far indeed. Of course, Swashbuckle is not that far off. Any room for metal at the con?
That was one I actually agreed with. :)
Happy Thanksgiving!! Let the festivities begin!
I'm doing great except for this cold. I hate being sick!
#JeanGrae4KickAss2 or Murder. Its your call.
"Paul, you're wearing pants." "Yeah, and you were moisturizing on the way over." and I, on who is outgaying the other tonight.
I'm real
You're attractive. Therefore, we should date.
the loco motion =little eva the chipmunk song =chipmunks under the boardwalk = the drifters the lion sleeps tonight = the token
Couldn't sleep, so I made him coffee before he woke up <U+263A>
had to do a report on who our heros were. i put you because you inspired me to make movies and try harder everyday.
Possibly dying my hair today :D
Jury done. Could have done better, but not disappointed with how I played.
it's funny cuz i looked at him like 'hey i recognize you!' then he walked into an office & said that.
He is adorable!!
That akward moment when you walk in the house and it smells like burned marshmellows.... :/
Thinking about heading to Florence, Italy this summer. Who wants to come?
after a long internal debate, I have decided I should not be lazy and will consider running the Atlanta Half with you
I pounded one during class tonight...so good
ActorStuff: You don't need to sound like anybody except yourself.
If you have no enemies, find a way to make them
Don't you talk about my bike , it's a BMX and it's the coolest bike ever! Hahahaha
Damn where's the love in Tweet World? #NoKissesTweetHearts Lol!!!
when else are you playing? We're on our way there and play at 630.
/agree, thanks!
Rear naked choke.
RT : T-48 hours until I'm airborne!!! On my way to to go to Let the CountDown Begin!!!!!
thank u <U+E056><U+E328>
I say the neibor knows or someone knows the neibor and they sold the baby, whynot look there, why the lites thats a nobrainer
moved to a new twitter account....excited to start over fresh.
Trying so hard to get more followers, come on people follow me :)
<U+E412>!“: I will subtweet, mention, be despressed, curse, & retweet all up & down this motherfucker cause its my account, bitch.”
i felt like turning around and kicking him but then my teacher would say i was cheating and invalid my test.
Any book recommendations for me? What are your favorite finds in 2012?
I agree - we're big fans of here in the digital lair.
Parents of obese children are usually the sweat pants wearing scum at the bottom of the socio-economic ladder
Thanks for the mascara gagey hehe . Love you; see you tomorrow <3
Twinkle twinkle little slut. Name one Guy you didn't fuck.
May 8 – 23 City Hall, Library & MOCA front entrances will be inaccessible to vehicular traffic. The parking garage on Duval St. will be open
It looks like we have the same goals. To revive our blogs. Good luck!
ACK! Why am I such a dork?
Today is the day I start cleaning up my act. Fck all this bullshit. I'm doing me.
We're excited that Single Stop's work in community colleges, with spotlight on Miami Dade, is featured in roday's of Higher Ed
I'm Bout Start Dating White Girls !
While watching all the Royal Wedding coverage, I remember where I was when I heard that Princess Di was gone. All of a sudden she was fine
Just wrote my sports tease and typed, "Next in Big 12 Sports" - sure it's been a year and a half but old habits die hard
Got 4 days off.. But in a full leg brace.. Cant do a damn thing.. Ill catch up on some reading
Agree. I actually think it's more likely flip - MR wins EC, Pres. w/ Pop vote due to huge spreads in CA, NY, IL, MA.
Thanks to all of our supporters, contributors, artists, participants, and listeners for making this project happen!
I hate that I'm so real with people..Instead of fully digesting my words mentally, they hear what they want and end up doing the same ish!!!
CONGRATS BLAIR!
Its been a while since I expressed how much I hate the MTA. I wish I could fly like Superman to work.
wins today. I can see his ass crack from backstage
Yeah! Am kickin'
Deciding on staying in the burbs or moving to the Chi for my first apartment.
Celebration doesn't stop happy valentine's weekend
1. Turn on CSpan 2. Realize you don't know what channel it is on 3. Finally find CSpan 4. Mute 5. Apply Angry Birds sound effects 6. Profit
Just blew dude out 81 to 29
The Bangles are pissed at the girls! #eternalflame extinguished
I Down Care About Ya Money Homie ; Ima Show Yu That Im Really Down !
so you think he's a massage Ho who wants to get paid?
anyone have any cute backyard dinner ideas? romantic, at night!
Someone who cares that's what
The Weeknd is weird af if you listen to his lyrics talkin about poppin pills and fucking while he high and shit lmao
Glad to be on board!
RT : RT : Our Mount Pleasant Library prominently displayed at DC Architecture Center. Go check it...
Thank you Jesus for waking me up this morning, and starting me on my way. About to hit the campaign trail. It will be a great day! GRAY 2010
can u please follow me im from the us and i love you please i know your busy but please it would mean the world to me
Hit us up if you're at the vimeo festival this weekend
Not today. This is the upgrade where we have to migrate your content.
Puck drops at 7pm check out take on on 52 LCD screens!
Countdown to LONDON 2012!!! **in heavy french accent** MAGNIFIQUE! MAGNIFIQUE! C'est c'est BON!
Today September 30 is the birthday of Country Music Artist Johnny Mathis!
Great reading last night by Karen George, Mary Ann Reese and Don't miss our Third Sunday Open Mic at 3 p.m. on November 20!
Follow me !! Catch me live tonit at the boiller room in worcester
they say im to hood for you
Chocolate Raspberry Truffle Cake Pops >>>>><>>
wrestlung equals boring and brewers losing. but hey still in first place
#Jets' Rex Ryan revealed his #kyderby picks: Sabercat, Dulhan, Alpha & Gemologist. "That's a tip a lot of people pay for _ usually me."
end of the day....cant wait for the dance tonight!!!! ill post pics of me afterward!
Well, it was nice to have hope for one week, Buffalo Bills.
DWI checkpoint going west on Central and Sunset. Traffic is gonna be fucked up all night, and lots of you are going to jail. You're welcome.
We so love the new beats baby Barbie! Thanks for doing what you do!
Oh boy. Wish I could cruise by.
The years of trimming costs have given way to a rebound in travel as the economy picks up
More people should be reading it, and fewer people should be writing it- there's an abundance of unreadable poetry out there-Billy Collins
Meeting adjourned :)
I see you talkin with lol maybe you can get through to chillin with her sometime hahaha .... JusSayin! Hit me up Kat ;))
Micah appalled that we have to pay to stay at Sherwood Forest
Thinking about going to Urban Belly for dinner tonight. Any other suggestions for something interesting in Chicago?
Metta World War
text me my nigga
let's just basically say guys or boys are asshole and direspectful!
Just registered for my classes and housing for this fall. Gotta get more scholarships. Let's get it: Future alma matter #MOREHOUSE COLLEGE
Will be watching T.O. be a crybaby on Dr. Phil later tonight
In Chicago on my 4th 3am start in a row and feeling it!! TFI Friday!! BTW Chicago great city!
So insane I wonder if it's part of a strategy to cop an insanity plea.
awe shoot :/ we will come another time! I didn't know you moved love
All I need in my life is a dollar
Prayers go out to all the families in Norway
On my way 2 the dentist perfecting my :)!!!!
RT : Kind of hope LeBron wins the Mega Millions just to see what the reaction would be.
Lil wayne: in 3 years holla at me Miley Cyrus Miley Cyrus: in 3 years I'll be happilly still with Liam lil wayne: damn
uhm btw the way i can do whatever the fuck i want so fuck off... k thanks
which tune?
Glad you agree :) Are you going to Music Fest?
pushing on earlier discussion of usefulness. Sometimes more interpretive markup creates space for argument/discussion
Eli loves you big booty bitch <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0098>
by jove you're RIGHT
I'd love to see that, if you get it sorted out.
The groundwork of all happiness is health
ya you can never find anything good to watch anymore! Besides like 2 or 3 good movie channels!!
Just passed Anderson Cooper in georgetown with my mom
Hoping and praying she comes back
I wanna feel the car crash 'Cause I'm dyin' on the inside I wanna let go and know That I'll be alright, alright
The drug awareness assembly got me thinking...thinking of all the drugs I haven't taken ;D
I'll send the URL via regular mail.
lol. Oh. I was wondering. I'll see you there.
NO! RT : Someone asked me if I'd like to go see this famous Medium on May 12th near Phx airport. Anyone believe in this stuff?
Mexican nationals living and working outside of Mexico sent remittances totaling $11.16 Billion for the first six months of the year.
RT : Is it true that there is EOW Spain and EOW Sweden on April 27th??? Crazy!!!
I hear ya. I tried to DONATE $10 to a UK charity the other week, and customer service shut off my card.
Nothing to do<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
how does it involve history mr. Historical?
I wanted to do it tuesday :) lol... oh well :) Once I do pass medic, i'll be sure to come volunteer for moulage for the P3's :)
The benefits of dating someone who routinely works 2nd shift include stopping by a bar at 11 pm on a school night.
Agreed RT NC ST does not want to listen CALL ROBERT MONTGOMERY KNIGHT! No one out there who is available any better!
That's pretty cool, nice share... how often do you remind them to tighten their plank and maintain proper form?
10% discount sale on EVERYTHING SCREEN PRINTING (except parts) ends 1/24.
Watching the Antlers atcreators project. Don't really know anything about them.
Happy Birthday & Easter to you beautiful!!! Have a special & blessed day. Enjoy & take care.
love you girl. Text me if you need anything! <3 Today was fun, lets do it more often! :)
yeah enjoy it before you have be locked inside!!!
n how r u doing sir
A big thanks goes to for her humor, excitement and generosity last night. She turned our frowns upside down.
Haha! Well you did see the emails on my phone. That was kind of a sign. You're so popular!
Why is telling me that Ed Norton thinks earth is 400 years old?
yes. maybe next week? we should design it pretty.
yes!!! I made it! Just landed!! See u tomm
When nothing goes the way you hoped, planned, wanted... God give me strength
What is up my followers
Which is more painful? Root canal or shopping at Wally-world on Sunday? You decide.
as soon as it rains Philly shuts down. Never understood it myself
Read about Terracycle..on our blog at www.LuxeEssentials.blogspot.com
Guess I'm going to New York! <3 , I can't wait! #inlove :D
follow back :]]]
Judging by the terror in his eyes as he walked to the register with a giant stack of bill booklets - I'm guessing they did not.
Happy Birthday!
The aim of every artist is to arrest motion, which is life and hold it fixed so years later, when someone ponders it, it moves again.
My old doctor was a gorgeous woman, but that thought never crossed my mind.
#TYVM for the info. Hope tonight's WX makes the magic happen.
I get to see a good friend tonight I haven't seen in many years.
Thank you Brandon League. I didn't want that win from King Felix.
Thanks for the tweet about us, have you tried to app yet?
If life is a roller coaster then today is the stretch with the small, fast, ups and downs, sort of like a green light wave length!
MT : Vets think 'you don't cry, you don't get help...' Some live with untreated diseases for years. - Stella D. Nelms
Word brown chicken brown cow!
Talk to me guys!!!! im bored. haha
Under tha weather...but the show goes on...chi town 2morrow to rep my city...milltown what up!
Why does my iPhone charge in like 15 minutes but the iPad takes hours?
Listening to RB episode 200.Holy cow,can you upload a remixed version where the host isn't saying "M-hmm" every second??
Ugh. RT : Walking behind Joakim right now. He's struggling on crutches
Yo dude, how you been? Is what I hear about you coming to Catholic in the fall true?!?!
I wish I would have seen this 9 hrs ago
Winner winner, Statis knows.
It might already be too late...
Proposition 8 ruled unconstitutional. Thinks it's over? Nope. Expect this to all the way to U.S. Supreme Court
That awkward moment when your in your room and someone is watching football and screams at the tv so loud it actually makes you jump"
a world of yes. especially if they're cute. or have a sushi theme.
Let's see if listening to Of Monsters and Men on Spotify will get me into an appropriate and productive move.
: are you at the show Dev...I thougght I saw you in the back corner ;)
Thanks for the retweet! I have seen acupuncture work for neuropathy many times and am eager to share the benefits.
you mean taught* ?
Convenience foods are pre-made meal fine for emergency but it is not healthy & very expensive.
good! Are I coming to watch UFC with us tonight at Bailey's? Me, John, and
#AmazingRace winners #RachelandDave will throw out the first pitch at the May 19 Brewers game.
Happy Mothers day to all the mom out there!
Lmao, wow xD Rt ": I Wonder How Long It Takes A Giraffe To Throw Up."
“A truth that's told with bad intent beats all the lies you can invent.” - William Blake
#hyperlib was my last SLIS class -- hopefully (assuming my portfolio passes muster), I'll be a genuine MLIS by next semester!
Goin2 miami next week cant wait so excited!!!!!!!!!!!
RT if you get bieber fever cuz i do haha
“: #bitchcity” so you're in south Tampa ?
how are you?
well at the time I found 6 piles of poo... but it ends up that my grandmother didn't let him out and he got sick and u cooled
Thanks for the re-tweet. I appreciate it.
: "People now a days say hurtful things without even noticing!" Or do things..
AND 7-0 Jays shut out Yanks! 119 mph homer. Love that!
I am excited to read it and hope it is a good read.
i told my moms u said fuck off margo said she gonna wash u up
I hate ur face...
RT “I have not come to call the righteous but sinners to repentance.” (Lk 5:32)
What I would give to turn back time And make everything right...
About 500 votes away! You've got this!!
Tx 4 the follow!
#headsup I will be taking it and playing w it during Spanish haha
The wayward character of Americans to permit war lies to go unpunished with complete impunity for all concerned means more war.
My dough is my boo you the nigga on the side, money make me cum you just kinda get me bye
honestly, i havent moved from the couch since i woke up.
Talking about relational intimacy in family cmst- please please please get me outta here
Mom is moved in, my new office is setup and I'm finally back online! Going almost 2 weeks without the interwebz was killing me :)
When at a midnight premire every rule goes out the window.
Happy Nevada Day everyone!
Windshields are an important part of safety for your vehicle. It prevents the roof from caving in, if installed properly. 414-409-7263
Had a great time last night with in Nashville. They're playing with our good friends tonight in the Boro!
Work went by kinda fast
I just saw it ahaha! She was so freaked out! xD
It's finally DECEMBER (Fill in the Blank): "All I want for Christmas is __________?"
Hey there, , and ! Thanks for following...enjoy! : )
Really #DC? You're really gonna hit me with the "Feels like 113 degrees outside"?! No matter though.
Go home #DenverNuggets win but you played with heart go game fellas
“ Im So Stress's Fucqn Upper Darbu Cops Still Got My Car & TMobile Phone Until This Trail Start =/ ,”<=stop gangbangin
Scanner Monitor: Burglary Suspect being chased by police on foot headed to a business park. Vicinity of Bellview and Quebec.
lol but I really think it might be a good idea
"i got a boyfriend just because im old dont mean i cant look!" LMAO WOAH GRANDMA
This Dr.Miracle's "feel it" formula is really good. Watch my hair yal.
Check out our 1 game NFL contests. Free to play and great prizes. Thanks to all our fans. www.playffnow.com
STREET BEAUTY ENTERTAINMENT...
Nokia&#39;s comment on class action complaint
good night love x
I thought I was so freaking cool cuz Tyler Dorsey was talking to me… turns out it was a poser! Sorry if you are the real one idk
Please follow ! She loves you so much! #Enchancer <U+E32A> 10
Well, u will probably like to be the first wife...#nothappening. We will get u here and back on late Monday.
Scientists have discovered a food that diminishes a woman's sex drive by up to 90%. - It's called wedding cake.
Finally, you put my love on top
My employer is extending an offer to a talented PHP Dev. Am excited at the prospects of what we can accomplish.
R.I.P. Steve Jobs, few people in the world share your talent, passion, and innovation.
She intended to hit Hornish's car. Which, you're right, is much worse than accidentally wrecking someone.
I'm sorry, but some of these people just sound crazy
Last tweet from US soil for a few days! AERA-bound! Vancouver here we come!
ok i might too, i'll look it up
They wanted to meet up wit my aunties and that's it
LMFAO, "didn't you read what i TWATED" Sha-nay-nay, i think you meant "tweeted",
haha. it's about time someone does heavy lifting for our kids. since we outsource everything, why not educ
You just got tweeted! HA! Check out our www.myspace.com/215band for new shows comin up & from there click on our other social network links
LIKEWISE! You guys are so fun.
“: DAMN, no lie, the #SPURS have a deep team...” - they sure do. They are liven up now.
Robot Chicken on time -
I Think This Sucks Ass ... GoodNight` To Nobody
ha nice!
Damn, what was I about to Tweet?!
that's better (:
I love you girls!
Good morning sweethert it is 5 degrees up he in MIand the wind chill is -2 and is only going to get colder they say.
just followed him(:
nope, he wasn't using the mic. :) You should hear it now!
I'm thirsty
That I can absolutely agree with. I feel we may need a few more generations to die off before the binary paradigm is gone.
Back in the States, never taking the American accent for granted ever again.
Lovin' our plans with ! RT : Our guests today are and - founders of #ROWE!
can you send nela the whole video put together?
Wtf how is this even possible? RT : More African American males work for AT&T from prison than from actual offices.
RT RT : Stop whining. Start shining. Stop complaining. Start completing.
I'm always so impressed how even months into a zombie post apocolyptic world, everyone's lawns are still mowed.
Good ole Sal back in business. Wish he came to BC.
Worthington: find more cowbell here. :)
Thanks I Appreciate It!!
Nissan seeks market identity beyond standout Altima
Ambulance Tested, Monster Approved
The new print is scheduled to arrive in time for our Sat night screening. Both nights we're also showing the new doc THE MAGNIFICENT TATI!
My little 2-year-old cousin over here saying "fuck niggas" lmfao she is bad smh.
I feel PERRY is not done...long way to go. But PALIN needs to jump in really quick.
Good to meet you today! Looking forward to working on something soon...
"Here then at long last is my darkness. No cry of light, no glimmer, not even the faintest shard of hope to break free across the hold."
True, Dan's list was a little cray. But at least he got #1 right!
oh fuck this is Fleet Foxes.
Not invested either way in Heat, but I HATE the Celtics. Will be RICK if that old-ass bunch of dbags make the finals.
Omg where do they get the people who try out for X factor
and I might be a bit late, but we'll for sure be there
Could this day please hurry up and be over!
The James River flows through downtown Richmond and has significantly shaped all aspects of our history, economy, & culture
I'm correct. It's exactly 180 miles / 300 Km from my house to McGill.
the pressures of getting students test ready & time restraints causes teachers to view new tech as a gamble w/ time
aw I'm addicted to u too
Douche bag spammers!
-Lol. I'm slowly being converted to briefs but I don't think I'll fully convert. Lol.
text marketing may be the answer to enhance and help email programs, break through the clutter, maximize budgets and reach new audiences.
enjoyed a wonderful camping/canoeing weekend with friends! Shoulders and arms will hate me all week, but it was all well worth it!!
Bentley your dog? I had a dog with the same name...lol
I agree with that piece on Bachmann. She's an intelligent person & probably somebody to look out for! Still slightly crazy.
I need a rape whistle
Good Morning! Getting ready for a busy day. There's lots to do before Thanksgiving. Working on a commercial today for a jewelry store.
Justin Honaman from CocaCola takes stage at #BAsummit201 to talk about measuring marketing performance via analytics.
Sign up for my weekly newsletter & get your free (1) hour group lesson now! All characters welcome.
now back to reality .
Happy Mother's Day week to all of the moms out there! The hardest job in the world, yet the most rewarding!
y u sosososo cute?
YOLO is the motto
I'm pretty sure I've filled out over 15 applications in the past five days. Come on with it now!!!!!!!!
Just finished opening gifts and having Christmas dinner with the family.
So excited Never stopped supporting you guys <3
pretty much.
Woke up this morning with a raspy growl where my voice used to be. Thus commenced collegial mockery...
The Blazers paid for 1 evaluation package/each player. May not have liked what they heard until findings began to come true
REALLY MA
The zip-lock on a Flipz bag is unnecessary for someone like me who consumes it all in one sitting.
God opens up doors and makes you realize stuff good sometimes and bad sometimes
Looking for Payroll Managers, Financial Analysts, Controllers and Accountants! Great opportunities available, send me your resume if you …
big fan of your tweets and blog. Perfect for a prospect guy like myself
Did you hear about the new MTV show, "Alabama Shore (14 and Pregnant)?"
Hey guys:D what's up? LOL
I like my beats fast and my bass down low.
#FF intriguing individuals
WWW.OGOVERVIEW.COM
oh excuse me. I forgot...
#NCAA2010 Is anyone having overheating issues with the PS3 playing this? I've been able to play other games, but NCAA seems to wear it out..
Goin to the hospital
lucky you. Hope you are staying dry and having fun. You may have seen a little history too with Harpers HR
Awww, thanks for the shout out!
thanks! Hope to have my email set up this weekend. May need help as the days go on!
I just finished a 4.83 km run with a time of 31:38 with Nike+ GPS.
We're just over the green bridge at the Crossing - support local
Sometimes your heart will feel, what your eyes refused too see and your mind declined to accept
Can I please get a follow back? Happy Mothers Day! :) <3
Just bought $300 worth of Marlins tickets for $100 (y)
#FF #TwitterRookie - PRO's very own Rich Nichols #sportslaw #crisis #sportsbiz - Help us get him to a respectable 100!
RT: Kelsey:Guys I have gushers!!! Oops one feel!!Melissa:I will eat it off the effing floor!!!
Make a big impact to your clients with Full Color Foam Board Printing at NYC Printing 123. Call now for more information at...
Watching 35 & Ticking
Why Canada needs a flood of immigrants
"A 3 button, roll-to-2" #suit. Not too shabby sir!
hmm. Get a better memory?
DINOSAUR TRAIN&#39;s New &quot;Dinosaurs A to Z&quot; One-Hour Special Airs This May on PBS KIDS
A place where educators, students & professionals can meet to engage in media communication hot topics dialogue generated by all attendees.
looking forward to dining at yusho tonight with austin.
pass off what you can to your entourage. Rest more than you would have planned to knock it out. Take care of yourself:)
no we don't lol
I just want today to be over with.. :(
Thomas O'Neill or Mason Gilroy.
Heading to OR. Humane Society for dog adoption event--ever adopted animal from them?
Sometimes people speak in ways that make them tough to quote or the quote is too long, so a writing device like this is used.
Have you already booked your trip?
coby should never be mentioned with mj he's about to get exited from the playoffs in the first round 2 * in 5 years..bumb
Today I want you to vote for yourself with confidence cause God has elected you a winner already.
He's my back bone because everybody need a spine
what's good bro!?
im soo happy is following me!!!!
I do this!!! LOVE it.
Night is a newborn.
Oh, guys. Dontcha know I have my own collator? I built it. It's in the trunk of my car.
"Even if I did get past all my problems, I'm just gonna get out and get new ones."
thats no fun... I went to The Used concert with Chris... Good times!
Uh - just watched 5 high schoolers pick up a car and move it. Driver will be surprised, no doubt...
You're welcome. Stay tuned for more.
I've officially conducted the most unorthodox interview ever...unless someone has done one via carrier pigeons.
Well getting off . so i can Take a shower . Btw its Angelina right now . Lol
$ABOT on penny breakout alert! When a sub breaks out from sub-penny it gets momentous, historically. $ABOT could rally hard here!
Detroit doubleheader. Go Tiger. Go Lions
gobble gobble
Karen Mack, nice shout out from Garcetti #lamayor lamayorforum
Yep... Steven Tyler has some major sex-appeal... Loving this season of #AmericanIdol now more than ever with him there!! Love J-Lo, too!
still interested in that GIRLS article/review?
Thanks to everyone that made it out to last night. It was a great show...good times all around.
: the #gop assume the #waronwomen is good for them and their base. It's taking away the middle and hurting real women
Opening 5 savings accounts today for my kiddies! They buying they're own gifts this year...Lol!
Everybody make mistakes @ some point cuz a mistake is alright & inevitable but nobody likes 2 be played regardless of the relationship
thank you, sir!
Almost time for Success on the Horizon! Congrats to the Volunteers of the year. Thanks to our donors!
I put it on instagram lmfao! Love you Freddie cakes!
That song that makes the world around you stop and has you believing you can SANG it better than the artist..
yep Jim Leyland is the new Earl Weaver
Taylor gang or be Natalie Nunn. cmon son.
Snowtrails TV from for the American Archive Inventory! #snowmobiling in the #upperpeninsula of #Michigan!
You will never be a star if you play it safe.
do they charge an arm and a leg there for nitrox fills like here? I always dive air except for my 50 and 100 percent deco gas
Have fun! Where is the race?
how did you get the anchor on your name? (:
Us #LOST fan know are priorities
A3 #CMchat Write/create from the heart.Make good music.Develop a following for your music.Get noticed.Radio will notice.
Thank you so much! RT : I'm really enjoy your songs! love you.
Ugh He gets on my nerves...
Yep. Heading out around 10:30. Then I have to pick up my Sherpa and set up the IGS booth. Then I can play!
When people say "Long Hair Don't Care" and there hair isn't even long.
Ha yes I am in Madison I might be home next weekend or the weekend after that...
Yeah. I'm pretty wired. Let's go hit Beale and wait for the team to fly in or something.
U never KNOW.
Yes I was going to say i think he's already taken...lol
Right on! #cdl RT : Thank you everyone at #immvt. It was max fun and we got to work hard, play hard, and learn a lot.
I totally agree!!
Playing the piano in the studio having a good time...
with his overuse of the word
Courage is not simply one of the virtues, but the form of every virtue at the testing point.
[Today in PD] Debating China’s Global Reputation – a conference in Beijing May 19
It has come to our attention that is trying to create letterhead featuring his beard as our mascot.
"I could be your perfect disaster, You could be my ever after. You could be my ever after, after all." who knows who sings that?! <33
I'm sorry but the "hammer" that was put down on the #Saints was too much, in my opinion, this was way over blown.
Happy Mothers Day
Idk but I want some fucking Mexican food.
Thanks for the #shoutout Back at 'cha!
I know nobody is listening, but here goes...so I had this idea...
Kill them with kindness
you made my day by reminding me of #revenge tonight!
it is a dreary day in texas (via )
Check out our friend James Redford's The D Word: Understanding Dyslexia Official selection of 2012 Happy news.
love your sound! let us know if you would ever like to showcase with us in Riverside!
Assumes the asst priest role in charge of sacrifice and donation on the Guitar Gods show until Noon on 91.1 and wtju.net
Don't make excuses! you broke the promise <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
I had a great time visitng family in Maryland. Now I'm on my way home to Florida.
City Hall
Looks like D. Wade has the forearm shiver wrestling move down...
Bad b/c looking back you'll always want to change something around, but at a certain point you have to know when to stop.
Dude on espn2 jus said Texas would be struggling with colt McCoy on the field. Get off BYU's dick, most one sided commentator ever
Nah, I'm sure that was the real Tupac that was recorded from an old performance. That's what I read. Tripped me out.
#MeteorShower tonight - get your #wishes ready for all of the shooting #stars! :->
But what do I know? I'm bootstrapping :)
Gd news shop downtown Milw “: Office for National Stats announced retail sales vol incr 0.6% in Dec, 2.6% higher than Dec '10”
RT : How do you know if social data is the genome of your business? says look at ROS (return on sentiment)
Blessed I see another 24
4 days until the #walknowforautismspeaksLA Walk Now for Autism Speaks LOS ANGELES @ the Rose Bowl in Pasadena 4-21-12 @ 8am! Come out!
Some times your enemy on your passenger side
If you annoy me today, don't expect me to sit there... Not today.
well over here in Mesa it was lol :)
Just so you know the safe word for today is palomino....
Sox pitch perfect game, Cubs trade OF who was barely hitting my daughters weight
Ottawa, just don't think they can handle us in the playoffs
Mid-90s comedians were right: true stuff IS the funniest. I only say that because there is actually a dead clown in my basement RIGHT NOW.
Haha true! :D
Having a Grand Canyon Stout and Pizza for lunch. Both are pretty standard.
I have to be the ONLY person still hunting Mosquitos in NYC. HOW are they still alive? It's 20 Degrees!!!
www.hairinthecity.me Stylist with intense creativity to give you the up to the minute trends. For the guys also American Crew stylist.
You are the best now that you have ever been.
Thanks for following! We love the music you cover - we've just been getting into The Rifles actually.
Talk about being a vampire... My day starts at Midnight ;D
Takin on the big apple this week!
Apply continuously throughout the day!
IF I UNFOLLOWED ITS BECAUSE U DID IT FIRST OR..BECAUSE U KEEP POSTING PICS OF UR SMALL ASS PENIS..LOL WITH THE CAMERA ON ZOOM
The awkward moment when someone doesn't lock the door to their stall and you walk in accidentally while they are peeing. Lol
When your bestfriend randomly comes over and ask to stay the night <3
"Count your blessings and you will see they always outnumber your complaints.”
You're number one, right? :) RT ": Getting ready for the People en español 50 most beautiful party!"
Sheesh, man. Best of luck.
Bought a hot dog cart. Now what am I going to do with it? Time to start another side business?
Don't pity the dead. Pity the living. Pity those especially who live without love
RT : 3rd bullet point key to me > Why LinkedIn's IPO Was A Big Success When Almost Everyone Else Was A Bust >...
thanks for the follow! would love some help or a RT!
“ Failure doesn't come from falling down... Failure comes from not getting up.”
Just mailed out the goods to the five winners. I might have snuck some extra goodies in there too ;)
MT : Thks to all who supported #UWSocial over past wk & our worthy rivals at #SconniePact-#CheeseAlliance rides on.
ok..hit me up with the details
softball game(:
I'm so happy 4 u
As long as you’re going to be thinking anyway, THINK BIG. --Donald Trump
Anyone working on anything interesting this evening? Or doing something interesting that isn't work? (gasp)
YOU KNOW YOU LOVE ME. I KNOW YOU CARE. JUST SHOUT WHENEVER. AND I'LL BE THERE....with Austin. (; AND NO. MWAHAHA :D
How about this 1 then... "Do not speak to me of rules. This is war! This is not a game of cricket!"
Speeding cameras on 295
Forgot how much I love Boston!
Follow this is my other account please Go :) FOR ME Everyone !!
do you ghave a LOT of anxiety? Your mind can play MANY tricks on you. Panic is horrible. To you take Klonopin?
Huge pickup for the #Bolts...Melvin Ingram is gonna be a force
Rep. Peter King (R-N.Y.) outside House GOP meeting on payroll tax deal "most people were for it, or at least accepting." Vote prob this wk
next time your teacher says "why can i hear talking?!" just say "because you have ears, duh"
just saw a DQ commercial where bears are hoisting a man like he's a trophy while eating a Blizzard... how the hell are they holding spoons?
Ever have those days when you just can't figure out why you can't get it together?
jevon wears yankees cap in his twitter pic,today he wears a redsox cap. wth? THOSE HATS HAVE MEANING,SON!
followed, thanks to
Deasy says schools not getting better til state gets fiscally better. Disagree. And, his stance doesn't inspire hope in difficult times.
Ha. You're so generous.
OMG, do an open class in boston please !!(:
RT : #12NTC responsive design. So important in multidevice world, as is a nfp doing web for nfp, ever aware of devices
what a cool idea!
God bless Mary Tyler Moore and her contributions to ASPCA and diabetes-- a class act who created her own show and production co!!!!!
#IntlWaters hits two things I really like: the wry humor of and my blatant Anglophilia.
Want to fresh'N up your look schedule your appointment TODAY w at 218 W. 39th St, or 816.756.5887
Q2 I believe the US archives has a guide. haven't used it, but prob worth looking into
What kind of message will this send to Obama?
Thanks for sharing the book info!
"McDonalds under construction? NO McDONALDS JUST SPAWN THEY JUST SPAWN OKAY"
omg Niall I love you do much please follow ..... Also you & one direction should come to Des Moines Iowa ( ;
I will listen to them in an hour!!! But I don't really listen to metal haha
Read our bio bitch. MATT HUNTER FOLLOWS US, get it?
Horror nights tour Wednesday. I'm so stoked! Definitely can't wait to see you guys.
gotta keep going, it's all good !!! Twitter family
I followed her!(: Please follow me Tyler!<3
Hate to give her pub but a scribe at the daily beast had the audacity to compare Tebow to Palin...THAT'S left wing journalism Fox News!
We need to check whether the web site possesses certain traits or not
enjoying the start of my 4 day weekend.. new couch comes tomorrow!!! 2011, you've been good to me
Summer Special: Refer a friend for a new set of lashes & you BOTH receive $50 credit towards ANY service. (June-22-July 31st)
I know!! So true! I gotta move, why do I insist on torturing myself?!
MEN OF COURSE YALL SHOULD KNOW BY NOW WE HAVE THE ADIDAS N T SHIRTS FOR YALL TOO!!!!!
Okay, I'm at Motel 6, now what? RT Book the room, not the job.
recently placed Roger Herbst as the new Global IT Security Director for Aleris Corp. of Cleveland. Congratulations Roger!
Today, I received emails from 2 people who attended my #PMI #ACP training. They both passed the exam! // I love good news
call me maybe always reminds me of and
TOMORROW! *GROOVE w/ GIGI TORRES! 7p | $12 | studio702 Pre-register & get a free essence swag bag! Email name to
"Gratitude is the fairest blossom which springs from the soul." -Henry Ward Beecher. Sweet dreams, yogis.
When I'm bored, no one texts me. When I'm busy, still no one texts me.
Whats my fave movie? I don't know, like, the first half of Kill Bill 2 and the second half of League of Their Own. Don't wanna be judged tho
Q: You know why God is a man? A: Because if God was a woman she would have made sperm taste like chocolate.
Not when truth is dirty, but when it is shallow, does the enlightened man dislike to wade into its waters. ~ Friedrich Nietzsche
Gossip is for the weak, if you didn't see it with your own <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0080>'s it shouldn't be coming out of ur mouth!
sorry to hear it--after ten years, I still wonder what amazing results we would see from focusing or fostering what's already here
I watched this a few times but haven't quite gotten into it. Like the backstory better than the current town.
President Barack Obama Brings Us To Kill A Mockingbird
CONGRATS! Your amazing you deserve it<3 when your famous please come to chicago. Make my life <3 ;D
/packs another shirt
Yes. I'm also in shock that Junior Seau committed suicide.
Journalist Wojciech Jagielski will be speaking about reporters at war at Brooklyn Public Library tomorrow at 7pm, part of
I love you SO much! at first, I didn't like One Direction, now I cant stop listening to you guys.
Yes I added it to the How to Participate page. Is that the right one? Late doing it as have been ill.
The envy people feel when they hear you travel for work is occasionally warranted. Milwaukee via Detroit
This girl seriously just called a boy over and demanded him to sit next to us. Damn!
My bitch was acting up so i had to get another
street fight hadouken... fruity loops like toucan...fly better than you can...whAt are u doin? #What2ChainzWouldSay???? Lol
Its not that easy.
Not too surprising RT After 17 yrs, I'm leaving ESPN. I'm excited to announce I've joined My first day is today.
If he's dumb enough to walk away, be smart enough to let him go.
can't wait to have you back in Atlanta! We MUST secure an interview! :)
Daily Dose of Goodness: Turns out Walt Disney was actually afraid of mice. Maybe Mickey bullied his way into the spotlight.
"God is no respecter of persons: But in every nation he that feareth him, and worketh righteousness, is accepted with him."~Acts 10:34-35
Beautiful job tonight, Skylar!!! You've turned us into country fans cuz you're just that good!
am contemplating it...love TACOS and local events -- will tap ur shoulder if we do make it!
Not a single thing u have mentioned is n 'absolute right' by any measure u so choose.
Welcome! I'm new to Twitter this week too! When are you coming to town? Maybe we can collaborate on some projects later on.
common Chris, you know you want to!
Lost our game ohh well..
Can't wait for press conference today at 10:30! Some exciting announcements!!!
BE THE ARCHITECT OF YOUR ARTS
Mandatory Leadership Games meeting on Thursday, April 12th, 2012 from 7 p.m.-8:00 p.m. @ Akers Rm134. Get in touch if you need any assitance
I'm hitting up sessions the rest of the day. After 6?
So, now someone changed the wikipedia entry for "Critical Race Theory" to protect #Obama. It's sad that I'm not surprised.
see you Friday! Is there a hashtag for the agm?
New cheese sample at teeter and wasn't there to try it
Once I stop giving a fuck about you, good luck getting that back.
RT : "etiquette is what you do when everyone is watching, what you do when no one is watching is called character."
What's your favorite store-bought guac? I've never found one I like and have to bring to a party tonight.
My therapist says I have an obsession with revenge. We'll see about that..
This episode was so emotional. :(
Ch. 11 The number of prisoners in private facilities in Alabama is 883
"the allure of the automobile" exhibit of rare and award winning cars are coming to the museum this summer.
very good!
Last night, I was drinking a 40 oz with my friend on a stoop. Two guys walked by us and said “Hobo Style!” and gave us the thumbs up. MLINY
In the mood for some Hweat Thins
brain. mush. need. nap.
Don't forget 2 come Party Hard With AGP & D.J. PRINCE SCI 2NIGHT for the end of the year at the Happy Hour Bar & Lounge only $5 cover charge
let's talk community manager. Im a social/blog guy with music and large event background. Have some great ideas.
Just when you think your day couldn't get any better - you head to the Rubicon for your favorite beer and happy hour!
you are very welcome i hope its a great day for you
Interesting information. Thanks for the follow.
Thank you so much for coming out yesterday and celebrating our 1 year anniversary! This community has been great to us!
BREAKING: The #TLC show #LongIslandMedium is filming RIGHT NOW in #FellsPoint, #Baltimore!
Just heard at citified as santana walks another "bring in "
thank you, Nat!! Hugs to you and the family!
The leading cause of marriage is dating which is why I stick to one night stands.
Drove by the one in Philly recently. Looked closed for good.
If it is wrong to Lo<U+0475>e your cast, then I don't wont to be right!
Happy #superbowl Sunday to all... Hope it's a good game! Stealers!
my brother introduced me to them. they sound a lot like Edward sharp and the magnetic zeros, but still good stuff
almost to JackTown my guy
“The most memorable gift you can give your kids is to teach them to give back.”
Good morning to all our listeners! Are you tuned in and listening to our #GLEEfulweek in May? Classical music is great for Monday mornings
good for you! I hope it works. Girl you will feel better, smell better, etc when you quit! Good luck!!!
“: im feeling a lakehouse retreat this weekend <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+00A4>” !! It's like she read our mind?
Johnny Depp is going to be on Ellen today :D yayyyyy xD hahah
Can u call urself a #journalist if u're loudly making disapproving noises during issue discussion? #citizenjournalist? Is it appropriate?
RT : hopeton madder than kristi when she looks at phill's tweets.
Ok what
Did everyone die?
watching a video about Greek gods & goddesses
It's Friday, Friday, Friday .. stupid song's stuck in my head. At least it's a Friday. It'd be real annoying 2 have that stuck on a Mon.
I GOT IT AND I LOVE IT
David Guetta is getting me through finals.
When my friends launch sites and send me URLs I always reply, "Hm for some reason it is redirecting to porn." Keeps them on their toes
Why is everyone so hateful toward blondes?
It was beautiful!
Thanks for the RT!
oh no! were you in boston? i am in boston!
You insult me: I can handle it. You insult my best friend: I'm going to break your face bitch.
totes! #feedbackfriday What was the word of the year 2011?
We're on Audible, too! 5 stars after only 3 days: Trollope's "An Eye for an Eye". Search Keyword/Audio Book Contractors and have a ball!
thanks for the follow friend! ;)
thanks for the heads up!
We can install the full version of Cs6 for 40.00
sounded just like you. You have voice twin!
omg!! Mee to I love her!!
we have plans to have scavenger hunts in diff neighborhoods. So yes. :)
No... I have no interest. I like chibi, cell shaded type things unless its got an awesome fantasy story.
- I'm sure I do have some faults, though. I'll let you know when I come up with one. ;)
Only 3 VIP tables left for tonight w/ David Puentez .. if you missed last night, you have to check him out tonight!!
wait...they make give-away shirts that aren't white? But...but...that dye must cost billions??
Stand-up Comedy show "Band of Brothas" Sat, 2/4:00p. Improv (lab) Password: Stepdaddy =$6. PLEASE, Come out & support Michael Anthony!!
Had a good day! Went to lunch with & , then went by to see Mark and Susan. Now playing with my guineas til dinner
Oh nerves they really get on your nerves sometimes!!!!
"A voice gallantly streaming through the night." Very well-written words to conclude segment about Whitney and Star Spangled Banner (Ch. 2)
A girl can be your best friend, worst enemy, or your worst nightmare.. It all depends on how you treat her..
I hate nosy people
He really wants it,but I'm not in the mood right now
Guy next to me getting a pedicure. His toenails had to be at least an inch long. He must go thru lots of socks
I just found leftover cake pops in our fridge from Christmas. Pretending I don't know how quickly the eggs in those go bad.
please help this directioner out by trending
helping these gents bring the awards to the states
The worst feeling ever is when you hate your job
11 more wins lets go
we are both tasty and affordable. Come by and say hi
If the sun isn't up yet I don't think anyone else should have to be either!
Blah im bored anyone wanna txt
In line for the Cosmic Chaos... Hope I don't throw up this time..
Some go to high school and others go to school high.
Opening reception for MiniSolos this Friday, Aug 5th from 6-8:30pm. 37 DC area artists will show off their work.
The first thing that you should do is to consult your doctor to explore the possible causes for your hair loss or thinning
One $17 ticket left to sell before we hit our goal and can help this needy family! www.ProjectFlipmode.org
that is incredible.
nice! I'm taking info vis too!
R/T at #Bella32 nothing women in here right now, the place to be
but I have to say the super bowl game in Dallas was the best we were the champs and I was there
#Amtrak I just booked my cross country journey pics and check ins along the way if I ain't sleep lol
": 5686 n-o-r-f-o-l-k #cabofshame" had to RT this. # insidejokes
Is it me or are the #oscars already running long?
Mea culpa! Such a small niche of early '90s television-not everyone owns a Pinky and the Brain beer stein like I do.
do you know any good #deepdishpizza places in #Chicago ? I need foodie help!
RT RT : Supporting that trainwreck strongly suggests that U R not RT Im a thinking woman I support
I don't think so. Unless the judge instructs them, they'd have to weigh the evidence based on the 2nd degree charge.
I was trying to make it to St. George, but was getting drowsy. 80 mph speed limits is "very nice."
Sorry I missed you ! I shall mark you on my calendar and talk about you until ppl throw bacon to calm me. See you next year!
It was only a matter of time...
The Good Taste of the Roasted Portabello Focaccia Sandwich...Don't Miss or Else you will regret it!!!
Mom got hearing aids today!!!! Wait. Now I cant grumble anymore.....
Stop by for a private pilates class. Single, private classes - $45 or $400 for 10 sessions. No contracts; always reasonable prices!
see what I'm saying.... Lol
"I hate the things you do, but I still text you back, say I miss you too."
My dad is doing much better now. He's up smiling and eating. I swear that man just like to worry us.
Our Baker, Babee Cakes by Dot. Now offering something speciel for all the chruches.Have your church rep give us a call...216-323-6264..
and you could say that CJ will split with Teal, so 3 1/2 players out... so 70%
This voice impersonator on TNT >
same old same old, gettin my model on. lol I was in Pitt over thanksgiving, I will have to let you know when im back!
is being reunited with Teeng Akol going to make you release the Marshall Co Suckfest podcast one more time?
so wait…you walked through the subway tunnels from NYU to Astoria in less than an hour? now you're just making it up.
Did you find any demographics on Readability or Instapaper? I'm curious what the stats are on this much touted transformation.
come on nuggets , i hate the lakers :o
of course my fellow Brooklynites! Keep the forward motion rollin! I dig it
My eyeballs hurt. Way too much time in front of spreadsheets today.
Pursuing recovery of #Adoption Tax credit in #chapter 7 trusteeship
Thanks for the link; it was great to meet you!
Walmart rolling out new &#39;disc-to-digital&#39; service
MayI just offer that missing this tweet is right up there with not investing in google on the regret-o-meter!
You ok, homie?
might develop a complex if you keep referring to his details as "minor."
Nick age 4: stitches in the forehead. Age 5: stitches in the back of the head. Age 6: stitches in the chin. We're safe for the next 6 months
Umm NO BISH U DONT NEED MY NUMBER! We weren't friends!.
Attending the Social Media and Communication Symposium at RIT.
Party on Fremont Street. Woot Woot!!!!
you would make my month if I got those tickets. Please.
God dam! This card I got is making me tear up reading it lmaooooo 6 foot 4 crying in the dam store this is grounds 4 getting robbed!
a verifyed account is following me!!!!!!!!! WOOHOO
Oh, I don't remember that. Will do this time, though. I'm in the midst of two projects. It's very rewarding work. And nifty!
RT : Cool - A live social media crisis is going on during our summit {GM Stops Buying Facebook Ads}
I sadly must say goodbye to my braces tomorrow... it has been a beautiful 3 years. :)
shine away.
Done and done!
I wont be 21 until late May
PIERRE is #Navy Yard. We'll be ready in 10 min.
lol!! Someone else just said that!! Hi Kenny!!
which they are, but keeps saying it's a "personal order." Which is just BS, as most people who read my site KNOW me.
disagree, onions rule! i could eat a red onion like an apple.
Your welcome :D <U+2665> , Can You follow back?? :3
a great therapeutic massage and some "me time!"
#Nw Regular Show <U+E402><U+E41D>
yes we are=]
I love I am currently chillin in the meet & greet line with her, (:
“: I'm so glad we met early on at #SHRMTalent. Looking forward 2seeing u at next event!” ditto ck out
Diet soda contains a lot of chemicals that are not good for your body
plz follow my good friend you might even get a woof woof after all it is wednesday
bakkd up by a bunch of G ass nigga n i jus gt yo girl sum knee pads nigga # off work
New Media Institute’s SLAM Showcase gives students chance to network
Stoked to be DJing tomorrow night with
Pate was a bad choice.
eat the ticket
Teams scoring first in game 7 are 10-0 the rangers are 4-0 in game 7s at MSG. Obviously the #caps are going to defy all odds & win this!
There's just only so much you can put on a package & a QR would help if brand needed to reformulate or communicate safety.
George-Michael: They're grown-ups! They're allowed to have fun whenever they want... We're kids, we're supposed to be working!"
lol I am so happy for you!!! lol but never forget Jaden!!!! or I might just have to slap you!
Looking forward to Faust at Santa Fé Opera...
Brandy was a HUGE part of the soundtrack of my childhood <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00BF><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A7>
Game one = check :) let's go balls out tomorrow PV <3
I bet! <3 Lol I could let my hair do that they would be formed in like a month lol. I have the most tangely hair!
Dude. Jeans aren't "business casual." What kind of *business* is that? Lemonade stand? It's just "casual."
I MADE IT!
Daddy worked his a** off all his life in a steel foundry and died with a sack of potatoes it must of got handed down....
Odd we just have one trash can, one recycle bin at our desk. Done and done. Why so complicated?
Stealing is such a harsh word. I mean I can't think of a better one, but if I do, I'll let you know.
You're too handsome to be following me:)
The @ ZooFit page is live. Like, and check out the completely simple plan to get your body ready for summer!
Also, I need to fill up my gas tank.
older than me(:
I see #krushgroove is going to be on the agenda this evening
Almost an EMERGENCY!
Abram Brown beats Chase Shilhanek in a hard fought battle. 2:29 Round 3 Tap from Guillotine.
This shit sneaking up on me ": #Fuckedup n clowning wit "
CCPE begins to explore offering courses online. And we wonder, how do you #learn best?
What a creeper! I'll be avoiding Jack like the plague.
I always want to answer the question of “How Soon Is Now?” but I realize that as soon as I do, “Now” is in the past.
Did you register for tomorrow's line up of events? HR Image Awards - Author & Exec Coach, John Spence - Networking - Food Stations - FREE U…
I love u Shaq!! U gave me the best years of my life!!! CAN U DIG IT!!! Back 2 back 2 back!!!
Lebron's starting to look like an old man now
the only thing that gets me out of bed before I sleep a full 8 hours is if im going to Disneyland.
when I come to orlando in a few weeks . We will have to go hunting lol
ManInFrontOfMeInLineAtWalgreen<U+200B>s, If you have to ask, "Cliff, Can you hear me?" 20 times, Cliff cannot hear you. Hang up the cell phone.
Not hooking up with anyone tonight so... I guess I can have some garlic...
"Where there's a will there's a way" unknown
oh ok word.
Computer Corner Armoire: Bush Series A Corner Hutch by Bush
Take me!(; : Me either :/ " Ohmy yes! I havent been there in forever! : *five gu"
Went directly from #OWS to a book party at Tiffany. I am the 100%!
Awesome pic, can't believe I missed that!!!
- and I miss you bunches. Hanging out in Tulsa was tons of fun!!!
I have a friend who's started a glee club, they might be down. can you email me at ?
you should have come! This crap. Why are you with us?
Mother May I. With at Perfect date.
“Do not chase people. Be you & do your own thing & work hard. The right people who belong in your life will come to you & stay.” - Wu Tang
Happy Mothers Day , To your Amazing mom !! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0090><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
IT WAS WRAPPED.
Omg this book is not making sense!!!!
RT : Houston Hoops 13s too big & athletic for Carolina Flight. They take Pool F & advance to National Bracket w/solid seed.
To get McGee must the other team take Blatche, or no?
I know! I love visiting the rainforest (and Seattle), but I don't need to live there....
Done! They responded very quickly.
#Peoplelikeus know that it is now or never
Fact: If you eat chocolate while learning, the calories don't count; learning burns calories.
lol... *fake laugh*
He also wore what appeared to be titanium underwear in "Dune", which was pretty fantastic.
Subway Eat Fresh!
You are quite welcome.
I remember when me & alcohol use to fuck with each HARD !!!
: ConnectionArtist would like to wish the Men of Alpha Phi Alpha Fraternity Inc. a very happy Founders Day!
i always tweet but he never tweets back :(
Fell asleep trying to finish my "101 Wish List". I think Im up to 71 now. Was flowing at first, but now i gotta REALLY think outside the box
you ain't NEVER lied...
How can there be TWO 1 trains arriving in 0 min, yet no train in sight?! Is it so cold that time froze, too?
Lyon adds that J.L. Austin is more "playful" and "funny" in Philosophical Papers. But HTDTWW lectures are slimmer, easier to understand.
so over school. Can I please just drink these last few weeks and hang out with my sisters???
We R All About #Israel Forever!! If U R 2 Join Us!! We Can Do This Together!!!!
accepted position in Mineral Point School District as Superintendent--best of luck! wis hs sports losing one of its best ADs!
it's ok, it happened to me once. I was just glad someone made me aware of it before too much happened :-) good luck
Due to the constant and massive growth of the telecommunications sector in Asia-Pacific region
RT : Mobile tech
Hey now, watch where you're throwing around "not into them". FACT ERROR -10
After the busty judge's wife left our train car, "...and didn't even get one off" said on the
Took my side of the bed
Water, water everywhere and not a drop to drink. It's happening! My water broke! :)
Mid-term Supervisor evaluations due Friday! The form is on D2L. It can be submitted via dropbox, email, fax or turn in the hard copy.
throwing your keys in the jar?
This lil girl kelsey on my tl , suppose to be funny .
Also have him read work by William Davis, MD, a preventive cardiologist and/or talk to #pdx Dr. Miles Hassell.
where the heck you been at
Gotta love Patrick Kane. He is going crazy in the scrum.
Forget shit & move on; I really need to start following that.
wait! Do you mean you don't want to brave unlimited mimosas? Because I will go in your place!
Moving out.
It's taking everything I have to walk back in that building. Ah. Hate it.
Been in the ER for the past hours . . .
Become better then ur hater.
It is technically correct. What's can be "what is" or "what does."
raleigh bound today :)
Do you know this house is falling apart
Any other college kids think that moving your room back to normal at the end of the year is exactly like playing 'Unblock Me'...
Face in the mirror - All of the old man creases Are of bright laughter.
Extremely tough day. Here's to hoping that I'll feel better tomorrow!
At the airport, on my way to Seattle with the trio!
Good luck tomorrow. Win 2
Missing our corner of delicious baked goods at Amstel. I hope to return with banana bread and pumpkin pie.
and Thanks much by the way!
I see ya
How abt the lack of $ is the root of evil?work\RT : They say that money is the root of all evil. Doesn't a person need roots?
its ok. I followed them anyways :)
they play in Gresham Park on Sunday's.
This might be government at its worst.
We'll make you a deal. You come play two more games for us, and we'll let you take two more classes online.
Its all about choices ... there are many natural styles to choose for our kids that help them show their beauty.
yeah just do that so I can break in and steal it
I'll stick with it
At the ICMS Conference in Kalamazoo you can enter our FREE book prize draw for: Queen Elizabeth’s Wardrobe Unlock’d. Catch us at booth
At breakfast this morning with my little daughter Ellie...waitress said to her, ' You must like going out with grandpa.' KOIN Local 6 News
That one person that's always on my mind and I wish they fucking would just get the fuck out of my head.
I enjoy watching soccer more than the average American, but I want to get different types of updates from 's twitter page.
Make sure to follow for all of the S.F. Goodness. You can't keep the man off twitter.
ATTENTION EVERYONE! DO NOT READ 's FAN FIC! I AM NOT A CREEPY STALKER!
The one night I have to have internet at the library it decides not to work. Go figure. GRRRR.
Any idea on when the Kindle version of 's Best SF&F of the Year Volume 6 will be released?
Hahaha.. I'm announcing the game, so I'm tempted to say his name like she does for his next at-bat.
Happy Mother's Day to all the classy mom's out there! lol =D
Girlfriend just bought me a daily deal NOT from LivingSocial
Just discovered So brilliant. Almost unbearable to follow, but brilliant nonetheless.
At welcome reception for 200+ Annual Meeting attendees.
i don't like west but im going....
Baby kicks the most today when I'm listening to arabic or country music. Perfect mix of lebanese and hillbilly I suppose.
So I'm not DETERMINED to watch 1 season of some show before I go back to school. #sopranos or #americasnexttopmodel ????
Now to be clear, I was only suggesting chocolate shaped taco's.
Supernatural with my momma. :)
Institute marched in HONK! Parade today with #occupyboston stay tuned for photos
Hating metro lately - they won't let me apply my $2.50 orca pass towards a sounder train b/c it's not $3.5 - let me just pay difference
I have never been prohibited by an authority figure from eating an orange... until now.
Britney Spears
What's your favorite fall trend?
I'm in Louisiana!
My mom is anoyingggg and she has no common sense
LOL That was the "tanning mom"...long story...she's tanorexic, and she got arrested for taking her ginger daughter in to tan.
Happy Birthday, Elvis. You'll never die. Thank you, thankyouverymuch.
ha! I don't do much
Ha! My hoppin' johns will be vegetarian, if that helps. :)
Be thankful you have the privilegeRT Standing in line to report for jury duty in downtown Toronto. Envy me, world. ENVY ME.
to take each day as it is handed to us, but like play dough...we can mold it n2 sumthin wonderful
I'm @ the Westfield Fox Valley Mall Craft Show in Aurora today until 9pm. My table is located on the 2nd floor, near Macy's. Come say hello!
- Can't wait for the #AdClubCMO breakfast tomorrow. I'll be representing and
Yes but, Muffy has an unusually large amount of clothes lol
uhh you kicked ass! Thanks so much! <U+2764>
Happy Mother's day to all the mothers out there especially the MILFs.
Remember to tweet about using the hashtag #NYCWine. Thanks!
Hate when you ask someone when we go chill and they reply "you never hit me up"
Thanks. Definitely wanted that one in my schedule.
Oh Snooki its a Banjo.. Not a Bonjo
Debating #fracking and #Keystone pipeline with the hubby - just another ordinary Friday night!
Well, no phone call... and no record of someone coming out today to restore my service. big surprise
is back in black.
cry of happiness <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> and hug u
Most cars will be auction off for over $1M for the rest of the night.
Hey thanks!
ya sure just 1 minute <U+E056>
finally done with my work for the day... O.O zombie eyes
Good job
of course!!
Do you know who Austin Carter Mahone is? Yeah, hes my future hussbaaand <3 oh yes.
“: Injury Update: The MRI on revealed a strained abdominal muscle. He is out indefinitely.” Not good.
ahh that's gay :(. I might fall asleep lol I am slerpy
"Humectant, you fix dent"
14 n I'm not i said just a lil
Me three.
I always thought all that "Zoom Zoom" stuff was pretty silly. Until I drove a Mazda yesterday.
Soon we will offer Flexx-able technology solutions - tools that will allow you to focus on why you are in business!
GM Up thanking God 2 b #blessed Gettin ready 4 work...hope it flies by. So happy it was gettin nice finally...hope 2 c it again 2day!!
"Is the day of individual creativity gone?" Questioned posed to panel. Your thoughts? (cc: )
Well not all of us are lucky enough to have a rooftop deck :) Sounds like fun!
frustrated...I just wanna relax!
Studying, Kaiser Chiefs on Spotify at the laundromat.
Nothing like starting a trend for #aliensex lol
I love you and good luck , I love you and good luck
I'd be able to stay home a little more often if it weren't for Parent Connection <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
As usual, we're still going strong. Slide in here.
That's the type of passion I've been waiting for with this #ESEA mark-up...thank you Ranking Member Miller for taking the gloves off
Fantastic time with great groups of people . Now to apply the magic in the real world. Onward and upward!
just saw Fast Five!(: ahah it was amazzing!!(:
haha sarcasm is the lowest form of wit, they say ;-)
If there was a soundtrack to my life, jimmy eat world would be on it.
WTF yall n here talkin bout snacks an diets an shyt ion wanna here dat
Every day I'm getting older n I'm trying to make this shit last fuck
I think you could have all that in Minneapolis. Just sayin'.
Where did you put Pitt -- top 10?
If you aren't able to trust the person your with, then break the fuck up! Tired of hearing people complain
Listening to cannon fire in the background. Something must be up at Conner Prairie.
enjoy your conference :) bring back ideas :)
never say I didnt
Who wanna buy a puppy?
I be on that Marvin Gaye tip.
I just said to someone: "I can't wait to get done writing about flu so I can start researching bed bugs." Yeah, I'm great at parties.
GO, !! Loved watching you win!
lmao i fell for it and just had a mini heart attack thanks alex:L
I never knew how much I loved you until I woke up and you weren't there.
that's why I think he's staying, if he wasn't his wife would not have said what she did in the paper
Do u also go by Lil B? I just listened 2 dat Ellen deGeneres Diss on YouTube. It sounds Gr8
Yes, but it's a short shift and in the fuel station. Off tomorrow.
soon enough... unfortunately my tuition is not handled-by-some-random-nigga-that-live-in-atlanta
James Joyce had epiphanies. Dostoevsky had epileptic fits.
Stay safe and warm and happy today, friends!
I'm from st paul
#TGIF fin de semana cubano! como no? Come join us for some Cuban flavor!
sorry i missed you at - they were amazing!
ACC: People, photocopying their buttocks, are the cause of 24% of all photocopier malfunction worldwide... OOPS!
- Oh the horror with some of these names you mentioned! NIGHTMARES lol Have a good one! =)
Haha. I thought a bit of Siouxsie suited that avi
If things were too easy to find then they wouldn't be worth finding at all.
Thanks for the follow Tori! Be well.
Can't wait for Planner tech tongiht
Heading to the Kohl Center to watch the Badgers take on, none other, but the Kangaroos from UMKC.
oh yeahh jammin to Adam Lambert - If i had you.....my song to <33
Looks like I'm going to breakfast alone! Dese hoes ain't ever on time!
What kind of lunch starts at 10?!
wish I could watch but iPhone 4 doesn't support your format. Get to a comp about 1x/wk. Sad.
My birthday is on 23rd of July. xo
James Montie: Interesting to see hybrid role "social media and recruiter" - requires different skills sets for communications on FB.
Make no little plans; they have no magic to stir men's blood. Make big plans, aim high in hope and work.
Loving all the new followers! Thanks everyone!
hey guys sorry still building the security features so the contest is fair. Email labels to contest .com to enter
I back now...just me and my mom went. We had SO much fun!!
Nice in HOT just like I like it. I like the weather too ;-) TOPTIONAL!!!
my throat is on fire it hurts
-__- RT! : Nice tribal tattoo. O you don't know what it means? O it's permanent? O your allowed to procreate?
can't wait for this weekend.
Y am I up
Three quarter length awesome the mix shirts where can I get one
I now swear off citrus fruit in protest of tonight's game. Except 4 orange slices in my blue moon, but in that case at least it's drowning.
thinking about selling my 12" subs... Rockford Fosgate punches.... if u interested hmu
I mustache you a question, but I'll shave it for later.
was amazing! can't wait to see again at the Beachland Ballroom in Cleveland on Oct. 14th.
Looking for an apt ugh shit is hard some of the prices are so high!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>
great to meet you too! Pics will be up soon!!
I wish I'd get a text & it be him telling me how much he misses me.. Ugh
Fulfilling your purpose is the best life has to offer
Jeff is working on a PC for a family and I just received our licences from Microsoft!
Cheers to the coolest cat's ever--to come out of Scotland! Do u partake in the Irish festivities?
cant sleep cause im fightin wit 1 follower textin another and jus made anothers night 2 many emotions at 1 time
Since #OWS is getting kicked off of public property guess they have to take it right to the real problem...Corporate Board rooms & meetings.
#thanks for following back
: nope that shit wasnt me... Good try
Good LAWwWd!...itz Good Friday -_- if u dont know my humor, u wont get it.
the impurities must be cleansed
Kearney Street NE? There's no 1100 block; streets jump from 10th to 12th in that part of town.
are u doing any ticket give aways for Jon Reep??? I love our hometown homey and seen him last time he was here in NC!!
Chev! Guess who's on board :)!
Nice one ahahahah!
Might have been too much of a good thing!
God damn your lame as fuck
Stmt of the #ICANN Noncommercial Users Constituency on need for #UDRP review to balance trademark / domain name rights bit.ly/qPjPf1
I didnt even realized I had an accent till I moved to the US
900 likes!! <3 Thank you all!!
Who woulda thought Steve Blake would be having huge GM 7 moments while Steve Francis,Juan Dixon & Lonny Baxter figure out the metric system?
I didn't even notice your name or bio initially I was just responding to whatever isis RTed
coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee
I love you and miss you to(:
#Stefon now has a little sidekick kitty named Rick James.
yes you are?! What are you talking about! Haha
It is defining the unknown which is self-delusional. We do so only because we fear it. We must learn to embrace it.
im not perfect ill piss u off say stupid things ,and then i will take it back ur never find find a girl that cares and loves u more than me
Parks and Rec is LITERALLY the best show on TV. I'm in such a "Jim and Pam circa Season 2" place right now.
Sending prayers to those affected by the stage collapse @ the Indiana State Fair.
Did SMU's death sentence carry over into Tecmo?
321: I'm thankful to the security staff in my Portland office building for working with police to keep me & my co-workers safe.
It's never a good idea to look behind the curtain.
Wow... whats the chances of getting your boss high? LMAO
I am so ready for the weekend! Two more days to go, I can do this!
Absolutely! "The only way to get the best of an argument is to avoid it." -Dale Carnegie
cheers mate--
Google - Why Things Will Get Much Worse - Sell
My daddy came home a few minutes ago!!!! I hugged him. Now he's at work again :(;(
“: Guess what me and my BESTIE/cousin got planned for the near future....”--let it marinate lol
I'll be glad when this election season is over so these people can stop with the foolishness and Obama can start gettin it in.
Keifer Sutherland scores again... FOX's "Touch" is an awesome show..
None other than the infamous Congrats and thanks!
#MKE #Art Museum has FREE admission all day!
Won't be out for a bit, but now that you're in country, I'd like to see your thoughts on Hop Trip
Or do like George Costanza. RT : I hate coming up with a good come-back days after the fact. Oh well, store it for next time. :)
I always look forward to my afternoon coffee... but the huge bottle of water I need to drink isn't nearly as inviting.
Super sweet! Hope you are having a great start to your day!
Crazy dreams last night, too much twitter at night is too much
a phrase I love hearing, "professionalize the profession"
ILL DO IT FOR YOU TOMORROW OR WEDNESDAY BECAUSE I HAVENT FINISHED IT IM SORRY
Happy Thanksgiving everyone!
True story. #ellsworthkelly / RT : it actually seems a bit prescient, in a way...
My head is going numb
“Made in America” would be nice if we actually made the stuff that’s in demand…
Be on the lookout for hot dogs. The launch is near 429!
how much money you got? hehe
No School Tomorrow :)
M, mushroom, hot dog, onion, garlic scramble and coffee. I treated myself well for fixing my sleep schedule.
Thanks, Melissa! Big compliment coming from you...
One Time For My Idol Sitting Court Side Rep For His Home Team!!
super excited to have coffee with someone from WTOP today. Love learning about radio!
What's up today
•walks to refrigerator•
Romans 12:9 Love from the center of who you are; don't fake it. Run for dear life from evil; hold on for dear life to good.
I like the way you think!
please follow me
You know you're in the country when there's a horseshoe game always going on.
I think I've taken memory for granted but now i realize how easily it can be taken away. #thankful for life<3
Happy Birthday! Thank you for your support!
So many geeks and hipsters in one place.
I love watching Nightmare Before Christmas with Michael and singing along to every song.
tweet what ? About what you like doing ? X
beautiful..finally lost
look at listed prices for type of hotel you want then use their name your own price feature & start with 1/2 the listed price
how was ur party
Half of the #IdCapThat pictures are dumb as hell
I would love to be in that #Soyuz right now.
"It's like tryna turn around on a one way street, I can't give ya what you want and it's killing me."
Awesome! Thanks for the response! :)
I dont think so. I suck at this RT #Scorpio's can cut through facades and see right down to the core of someone.
Whats a goon to a goblin
ok, I'll go check it out thanks(:
Can you smell baseball? I can.
Channeling eloquence and confidence for my interview tonight. Send happy thoughts my way!
Great turnout for the re-opening of the War Memorial today. Stay tuned for pics of the event...
The only Easter Egg I want tomorrow is the dead one from my girlfriend's period.
now that says Christmas!
Hope you enjoy the bubbly. See you in LA again soon.
re:Godaddy. Spot feels old. Sex may still sell, but not like that, maybe.
Haha one thing you need to know about me is that I always have my friends backs ;DQ
Life is either a great adventure or nothing.
Congrats! : w00t, my abstract on breaking news collaboration on Wikipedia w & for ABS special issue was accepted!
New years Eve =amateur night I'll be at the crib chilling with the boys
Did you know that having a programable thermostat can lead to substantial savings for u. Naughton's has a great selection of them in stock.
Lera Lynn did live this morning, then trekked to Milwaukee to be live with us in a couple minutes.
yo lactose intolerant.
It bothers me when they flaunt it lol . Like c'mon son !
Fish Farm News And Science: Harper&#39;s EU Trade Agreement
This dude is reloading his gun in the back of the train.?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO OUR GREAT !!!!
I usually went for Starman. Fighter Hyabusa was kind of nubby, but we liked calling him Fighter I-Abuse-Ya.
what time is it on? I missed it on Thursday !
4 years in a job and yesterday I quit on the spot!
Did you find anything good?
Go follow <3
Did you miss on just now? Depth Chart: Wisconsin re-airs at 10PM on ESPN2.
OMFG! The biggest fuckin spider just came thro my window! Ugh ifucked his as up tho
": I work for and with some of the most amazing people on the planet. :-)" We are just as lucky to work w/you. Thx for ALL you do!
Okie :) I sent it!
I have kept this a secret for 8 years... I've seen every episode of Desperate Housewives.
Milkshakes two days in a row :)
I like it better when it all started...
Basically, the Heat just have to concentrate all their energy on stopping Melo, and this will be over pretty quick
good, I sure will be there. If I ever decide to come back..........
RT : If you dont know what you want, how do u expect others to jump into action 2 help? BE SPECIFIC.
About to watch a lift off to Mars. I'm still amazed at what humans are capable of when coming together for a common goal. Go #MSL !
How you doing in NYC? What's the latest? I'm hoping to make a run to the city in late May/early June. Let's circle back then...
but if we stop you, how will you get back into a routine? HAHA
Sometimes we procrastinate because we are not sure we WANT to pull "it" off.
Love your commitment to those fighting the good fight, like Pelosi
You know I said its true! I can feel the love, can you feel it too?
make that 3-for-3, though i feel confident saying I could've made that last play; i believe that's what they call a Sunday hop in the biz
When referring to me as "Mr." PLEASE call me "Mr.Causley" and NOT "Mr.Ross" ok. Lol, Ross is my first name...not my last. =]
you are the man!
Everyone follow our owners: &
Our 3-yo twins have taken to calling each other "matey" in everyday conversation, as in "Can you give me that blue lego, matey?"
When I got the mail out of the mailbox, I was halfway up my driveway, &my 7 yr old sis made me put it back so she could go back and get it.
McDonald's breakfast tomorrow before work? I think yes!!!
n how would you know that?
It started with and became a tree. This is in support of libraries, books, words, ideas. a gesture goo.gl/LtUH7
“: life of a momma” I know, I know! =0p
Has anybody ever told you that you look like Mrs. Puff?
The entire Delphi staff: Teaching w/Technology, Blackboard, PD, & Conferencing - we couldn't do it w/out you!
Makeup Remover? And Zombieland rocks. xD
If they'll trade for 1 copy of Beat Street....gold!!
#offline #sleeping xo'
My route home is black and red on the traffic map. Looks like I'm gonna get some work done tonight. Fire up another K-cup and get cozy
Sushi with the Anaheim CA Calvary crew before I head to LAX for a flight to Seattle! Then off to Friday Harbor Calvary in the morning! ~AZ
Peter Groff CEO of the is speaking about the state of the public charter school movement
back to the boondocks .. Wyd doin besides that
thanks for the shoutout !
your icon... flawless.
Hey and I love you guys
What time does the Shatner show actually start?
Believe me, I agree. And yet I still tried to save you!
Perhaps you've heard the news, but Avery's editors emailed Kickstarter funders yesterday to refund money. They're done.
Good day shooting a special Holiday Die Hard treat today. Look for it online soon.
"If you love something, let it go. If it comes back to you, its yours forever. If it dosent, then it was never meant to be."
Psst. Free Delivery on all lunch orders of $20 or more from Swig today! Pass it on!
Step back give me 50ft.
i did but i didnt get it
omg. One of the best things ... ever. Now I'm starving, bachelor life, no food in the house!
Slated to join the #Brewers pregame show around 2 p.m. today. Just hoping I don't get hurt doing it.
Thanks for the retweet! Hope you enjoyed your Thanksgiving!
Wrapped my side up because I am already tired of ointment getting all over my clothes :( this is the only thing I dislike about tattoos.
Too Fuckin' Busy ; Too Busy Fuckin'
I like to call that "Snarting"
Canadian magician James Dimmare has been awarded "Stage Magician of the Year" twice by the American Academy of Magical Arts in Hollywood.
Brighten up your week with Highlights&Cut for $100 Monday with ! (702)588-8456
Boogie is gettin' it done!
I'm so bored... dnt kno what 2 do
Workout inspiration: "your arms are your best accessory." -
i'm sure it'll be great! good luck! :)
Thx Allison! Have a great weekend! RT : #FF some great marketers to follow...
what's going down my Brotha ?
Sucks that I don't wanna go swimming because I don't wanna get my hair wet..
Illness tells us what we are. - Italian Proverb
: It's easier to be interviewed.
Thanks for sharing that! I have my Capstone class in the fall and this came in handy.
ATTENTION <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+0085><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A8><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A5><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><U+270C><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B5><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008F> CONTEST 4th member: guess the unknown members name and age and enthicity and u when a prize from her
yes that is dare's sis...goes to dsha
“: If I had a son..........he would look like Justin Bieber. And we would troll the mall together.” this actually scares me.
presenting real time twitter sentiment analysis; humans train the algorithm; sarcasm throws off computer models
Cousins in town from Atlanta. Guess I will head over to see them
Where is this going? Idk but imma enjoy the ride along the way. Cuz ii believe we have something special.. Night/Good morning loves!
you're welcome!
you should make YouTube videos
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my dreams!ily guys-)
Grizzlies 30:1 odds as good of a deal to you as it is to me? Lionel has his guys playing so well right now.
a) you're back in U.S.? b) that's amazing re: accreditation, congrats! and c) which weekend??
pretty good(: what about you?
are u worried about Taylor's game, even a little bit?
Still cranking at 6:30 on a Friday night, and there is no end in sight! Oh damn, we are making some magical Flash stuff..
At #RAW2011 panel session 1: Jennifer Hudson on NYC in early 20th C. as seen by Russian writers.
you sounded like misery when I talkd to you last sunday
Don't stress, have sex <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Getting my hair did tonight. Ahyeah.
haha ! I've entered the rivers contest a billion times ! They Have a private 1D concert !! If one of us wins, we go together!!
Off to a good start... Finished new ad for , a little Analytics work, and Wordpress manual updated! All before 9am!
Idk Staal can and has done what Sean Couturier did against Malkin. Pens probably don't win the cup in 09 without Staal
Thanks for the RTs and !
Great show today.. hilarious
pops softball game.
What's up man?
Some favorite places to get #ACA & #HCR info:
oh heck yes! it felt so good to get all the grass outta my hair and get inside and hide from my allergies!
you seriously offended by dense? How is anyone offended by that? Unless of course you're just looking for a way out .
Love that show.
Go #Follow She Supports #MNMusic !
Yes. Our ticket sales associates will be in touch about refunds.
I would like to see that video. Very much so.
I just received a personal direct message that was a virus.Thought you should know.
I wish there was a pen that can copy and paste.
At Red Robins wit my buddy Alex Camper! :D
Happy Friday!
because Roenick talks about... winning the Cup would only be a blank page & crying RT : Roenick talks about ... manscaping?
dont know why you are, but you are so,why?
Aw you don't look a day over 30
am fine... Sorry for late replay cause I have another twitter account
Transformers 3~ too amazing
“: #MentionTo your friend who loves so MUCH!”
I feel like a failure when Priceline accepts my first bid.
It feels good to spoil myself once in awhile!
See, isn't easier saying y'all? :-)
I haven't been on a train in years...
I want a highlighting extension that archives to
This is almost too much
Finally home! Oh wait... School tomorrow...
UNC is the leading candidate in our Final Four contest. Kentucky has a lot of cards filled out as well. Stop by before Thursday to enter.
Oh dang! It's almost here #DomesticDisobedience. Had a great time helping install piece yesterday.
Not feeling good at all :( . Going to sleep now
Who's stoked about our next show with Visions? We can't wait!
is here at the office today giving a group of us brief in-depth look at Congress today and what to expect in the coming year
what the FUCK kind of pass was the Johansson?
great trip home frm lax to dtw via ord. Much better than the trip out - trapped for an hour on the lax tarmac
I'll do them now!
Great minds think alike lol
Nice one !!
you need to hope for a quick score big man.
Psycho T squares off against Big Baby. Sounds like WWF!
We even have a network in El Paso, Texas! Check it out
MT : The fact that a Black Pres says he's in favor of marriage equality probably caused 100 heart attacks by old white men today.
what did i ask
What? The food I eat in the car count towards my calorie intake for the day?!?! Crap. I think I may have solved my problem.
ok, #pitt or #pgh people. I don't understand how much I need to pay, if anything, for local school tax. advice?
#whatbrightensmyday a certain someone and friends :)
HAPPY BIRTHDAY! :)
can't win starting Ishikawa and Izturis, and the Estrada too. Bums.
I miss her! I'll have to see her sometime before leaves for Murray State
DIdn't Dickens write that?
Is thinking belt designs tonight! Chain, stones and creativity!
Making someone happy is possibly the best feeling on earth.
Yes! What stop? Moving for good?
You're not fooling me
if i dont tweet 100 times in a day, then im upset with myselff
great notes on the opening session at #sxswedu!
Just when I think I have early modern optics all figured out...
i know that u did it shows that u dont any more
If the mavs come back and win this series I will stay at grace prep
Woke up this morning feeling famous.....i guess i should get use to this!
I <U+2665> #23andMe ! The health info and genealogy info are fascinating and priceless & a cheap way to learn your carrier status of many genes!
I get mine from Cactus Taqueria #1. But I hear good things about Benito's, I think that's what it's called.
I'm loitering outside 914 if you're lurking about.
If, God forbid, Newt becomes nominee and then president, ya'll will find the Trotters at General Delivery, Vancouver, Canada.
sometimes people have an unfortunate, severe case of THN...
Sounds like another love TKO. Listening to the radio at work.
How many of you believe in telekinesis? Raise MY hand!
I hate all of you for not inviting me
Big crowd in Harrodsburg for the J-J dinner. And I was honored to shake every hand.
CONGRATS on reaching 100,000 followers. Quite quickly too... Keep it up :).
Good to see Amare didn't get heated over "extinguished" comment. I hope the Heat PA guy doesn't get fired.
I havent... are they suppose to email it to me? Thats in new york though? I didnt know it was going up there.
in other words, lots of bowties.
follow me
Know a writer/social media marketer? We're hiring DM for details.
See post differences with post revisions.
#sexcowproject - blog coming soon! :)
"Pill pooper caught in the act!"
Thank you! We are looking forward to the new website.
fuck that... bite all you want... but keep in mind it's hunting season... lawyer up chump...
cant tell me shit cause i dont give a fuck!
Correct all inaccurate information.
When life gives you a hundred reasons to cry, show life that you have a thousand reasons to smile.
got it done thanks!
According to mathematical theory, we should date a dozen people before choosing a long-term partner
"You cannot do today's job with yesterday's ideas and be in business tomorrow."
But I will be there for him always <U+30C4>
Oh, damn! So much to unpack in that.
Beautiful day for Earth Day festivities in Balboa Park. Parking could be a challenge tho.
Preparing for a rainy week. I am hopeful that we won't be slowed down.
Christ is the Lord, not Harold Camping, not Jimmy Swaggart, not Oral or Richard Roberts, not Jim Bakker, nor any other "minister".....
I didn't go to much of the conference but Frank's keynote was great. Great prefatory remarks abt the role of scholars in activism
Apple has an opportunity to make a recurring customer very happy. I hope they step it up
I would be much more excited for high school if I was going to PFHS.
haha justin on makes everything for hungry
Qualities: Leadership, teamwork and enthusiasm are key attributes for students
wonder what my babymama is doing
Good Morning! Enjoy your day!
I hope they leave #Mannings picture on the side of Lucas Oil Stadium for at least 1 more week. to give fans a chance to get 1 last picture
Wonderful day for and Twins Territory! Happy home opener day for Target Field!
Thanks for the order and lead!! Hope you like the banner!
If you want to influence others, be influenceable yourself: you must give to get.
Me too :D I just want a dog really x)
The more you sweat in practice, the less you bleed in battle. -
bo! Ugh just get on a plane and I'll show you lol
I can't wait to see DKM in march!!!
big win for the music guys!
Had 2 assemblies @ a school in Whittier this morning. Great kids, teachers, parents & principal. kids asked great questions.
What's going on Pats?!
You know it's been a long day at the State House when you find yourself humming the Bugs Bunny theme song.
you're welcome. Who knows, acquired a Kota Ezawa piece after our "Until Now" exhibition...
Sure, there was that Lego Blocks jam from Glass Domain, but was over 20 years ago.
last season wasn't really r&b but pop rock is more popular than alt rock styles which is where i'd put her voice in a category
Thanks for the followback!
that aint got none to do with it rudy?? i want urs
Thank you! (:
i wish would come to the
Hello Des, nice to meet u. I'm Billie. U can call me Bee, my friends call me Bee :)
Which is part of the problem - it's as though Palestinians and other subjugated groups in Israel are always spoken *for*
You were created to impact the world with your gifting. The world is waiting and needs you. What are you waiting for?
At taco mac
thanks for the RT! Happy Tuesday!
Congrats on graduating college. :) I love you cous!
I Gets Messy When I Want But My Nigga Dont Like At Shit!
Need hours of operation or do i?
and you didn't invite me? :(
#TweetDingman target customers: hiring firms (2-3 hirings per month), recruiting firms, #headhunters,
Jeremy Linn is not on my most improved player ballot because he only played 35 games.
wow no love for cotto
loves animoto.com! Check it out!
Finally I want to say to PIA please be careful signing a contract to fast
mine is pretty far too!!!! :| but we're near the rec center aren't we?! party party PARTY MOFOs! fuck dud i am so ready!!!
what did you find out about biz cards. I need some too.
how r u
back on my running grind and it feels great. i must remember to stretch. anyone have any tips?
m brushed steel
Yes, this is what I do on my birthday.
I can already tell I'm not going to be seeing battleship.
yes gurl yes
that's called reverse psychology.
I agree
thanks angel :)
but will it be podcast today? I love listening, but its difficult for me unless delivered via rss feed.
Some people are so conceited, i swear. Its not even funny.
thanks for the follow. I hope to have something for you to look at within the year.
and a very cheerful morning to you! How is this day treating you so far? =D
Go Cubbies Go!
Who subs in a rookie in a tie game with five minutes to go???????????
that's awesome! Happy early bday :)
bummer. I havent had any issues with Spotify but I'm not using a paid account either.
Met a guy who's cousin, several states away, cut my hair when I was a kid. His FiL, in a diff state, worked in a building my Grandpa owned.
For those of you heading home, #wtop is reporting that all HOV restrictions in Virginia have been lifted!
Dede Allen you are smiling in heaven!
it's high time you grab one or all of your co-stars and do a cover version of a fave tune in your room.
I will apologize for him. Every fan base has at least 1 idiot, embarrassing!! Sorry.
#reducesbellyfat with Check it out!
#Neddie final day party! #machine22 now, next! Baby boys, a secret band who plays rockin STUFF! Seawhores bday suits!
I just don't get all the ranger fan hate... Now cowboy fans, those are retards!!!
Coming up next on #BBC World Service: 5 mins of int'l news, 10 mins of news re: #Britain & 45 mins of #cricket scores from around the world.
yeah he's pretty cool! Lol he knows how much I like Eminem.
Kimo's Hawaiian rules says - "NEVER JUDGE A DAY BY THE WEATHER."
is currently streaming from our bus lol
New payments alternatives @ 8:00? A.M.?
cool. Then at least you promised to visit us. Can't ask for more than that. :)
Ok. Now I'm going to Dine Out for Life. While wearing my I <3 Buffalo Football tshirt.
Why is oomf , talking to me ? :(
Gonorrhea is the second most commonly reported infectious disease in the United States, with 330,132 cases reported in 2004 (Weinstock, B...
I have horrible taste in movies. I've watched Ninjas vs. Aliens before. Cowboys vs Aliens 7/29
Love seeing everyone's true colors.
You should have some Cheddar Ice Cream then... Yum
I'm forever yours, faithfully.
I'm down
Thanks for the RT!
Tomorrow will be Columbus&76th :)Come by for tasting& Free samples!:)...It's going to be a great day, and I will bring TABOULEH!
I spent the past hour and a half properly tagging my portfolio by review, interview, outlet, festival, medium and type. Feels satisfying! :)
Awkward moment when I try on my prom dress for my dad and he doesnt like it, oh....
I smell a new commercial!
Tonight at Varsity Bar! The Unicorn League Sessions and Casey Hubble. Music starts at 6:30. No cover!
Thanks so much for sharing, George.
Dang bro that bad
I will be the one that you can run to, the only one <U+2665>
My daddy needs to call me
Michelle walks past the tabloids, says "I hope nothing bad ever comes out about Tim Tebow". "Nothing but he's a bad quarterback", I reply.
Love it!
I'm a big fan of I had a great dinner last night. It's two things I enjoy: food and people.
Joining my voice to the chorus of people having trouble with this morning.
Who was given the gift of Floating today?
nacho taco and taquito bar!
tumbling with my wife today ;*
Relaxing this morning with my family. God has been good to me!
yes really :) why u glad?
I doubt that! :P i love you tbffl.<3
CONGRATS! RT : Finally. Finally. FINALLY. I have a for real job offer, and it's in my inbox.
": Time goes by so fast. Never miss an opportunity to tell people how much they mean to you." <U+2661>
Sometimes I wish you were more understanding. >.<
Sitting here thinking bout my baby <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Wow, I could never have guessed.
hahahah thank you! miss ya uzzi! <3 hope things are good
really? I didn't notice
Today in 1992, Def Leppard hits #14 with "Have You Ever Needed Someone So Bad".
What does a man consider a seven-course meal? A hot dog and a six-pack of beer.
Prepping for family time today. Brutus wishes he could go.
Yes we do!
Sorry, I blame Tweetdeck. Yeah, that's it.
I havent talked to #oomf in some days..
Awesome! It's about time. - Its good to have a way to reach out to one of the greatest Love U - from KCET :)
Just back from Everest and Annapurna base camp treks. Have lots of new info for you guys to update the book. With Eric West
I would do John from #Repo lolz he's sexy.
There is something missing
Bout to jump on this Call of Duty as I wait on
Great second quarter, especially for Wade
Thank you Scott! We feel very grateful we can keep working on this stuff.
Never Forget September 11, 2001 R.I.P all lost on that fateful september morning. </3
Bitch fuck you
Give me er'e thing.
"Are you athletic?" "Yeah I surf...the internet." lmfao!!!!
where you from
I feel so out of touch
Cant wait for this wkend! I'll be in the frt row Thursday night I'll have shades on like from the Keswick
I refuse to live life for #MYSELF - Joyce Meyer
Did you know GUASFCU donates $5,000 every year to Re-imagine Georgetown?
WI "#GrandBargain", fire public wrkrs, forced slave-labor of prisoners as replace'nt. GOP's?..."poor shld pay more"...Sen Hatch
someone get Chris johnson a TD, christ he ran 200 yards
i can't wait to see how u to both act tomorrow i can't stand either of you!!!
Holiday parties are right around the corner, let Amber host your party in their private mezzanine for more information call 206.728.8500
Tim, these events and this behavior is what people were referring to at the conference. It's becoming the face o
still up in the air but I'd like to be there
Drunk textin uh oh <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
haha u there already?
Guess the Cincinnati Reds wont be adding Coco Crisp. At $7 million a year for two years, I have to say I wouldnt have liked it either.
love barry trunk
when do the tickets go on sale.????
WE HAVE TO TAKE LANCE HOME TOO! i might just go home and sleep!
PS I'm gonna get DRUNK now!
We drink a lot of beer around here.
No one ever writes songs about Monday ...
My mom is forcing me to drink milk when I just had dinner and a Sprite. .___.
- Hi thanks for the follow too :) Tammie
Thanks for joining the convo ! Its a complicated topic, value on both sides of the fence.
Poor , just watched her number one ranked Buckeyes lose to the Badgers for the second time in her senior year.
heh ==> RT Every day is Free Comic Book Day at the Library.
"Those who say "fuck bitches, get money" usually don't have either."
I'll take that as a yes! If we have enough support the Wave Pool may be able to bring the drums..
That is awesome. Creative Visions can assit you in your PR. Check out our website at www.creativevisions.us
We got the same seats from the last time I was at The Warfield lol
tonight was fun chris! Thanks a lot & chitown is always welcome to have ya back here to play anytime.(: Goodtimes!
#3WordsOfAdvice Be Cool Man
Another fun day in LA! Meeting with some fun peeps today including the one and only Corey Lynn Calter! :)
Spending a good portion of the day at the PetExpo, getting free stuff. Giving demos. Will be out with Banshee & Sullivan. Come say hi!
bout 2 c the hunger games Saturday with my dad and sister :)
Congrats on your run & gimme somma those beets! :p
WOW Your dad is 60 and my mom will be 60 in March when I'm your age! I love you Taylor! I wish you had a T-Party in Charlotte
Watching Anna and King. All I can think is POST COLONIAL RHETORIC.
Hi! Thanks for following us. Looking forward to being of service!...~Linda :o)
nestle oh nestle .
Sefolosha got #Defense but #Kobe spazing on that guy smh
Back in the big city. Ha ha. Which one?
RT : RT : A4 Makes it organic! Make it easy for customers to love your brand
Blah blah blah blah blah<<< what I hear when you talk to me(:
ANAE a Native Enterprise is now recruiting Native American Agents - - join us, make a diffence
Nothing like getting mooned by a random car drive by...scandelous!
thank you! glad you're enjoying it! and calm is good :)
Yay! Maybe others will follow your example!! “: I've joined the MLA for 2012! :)”
Praying extra blessing over moms working today in public safety, hospitals, restaurants serving the needs of others.
lol oh samuel
Kicked off UNSEEN GUEST pub week with and the howling 5th graders of Larchmont. Lovely store & they have signed copies. Go!
Door Buster sales going to our text customers ONLY – don’t miss out – text the word HEALING to 96362 and save big.
this is so cool!!!! Thanks for sharing!
Wishing you a happy #EarthDay weekend!
Enjoying some great folk art in Old Town!
Exploring the City Wonderland - LA Downtown News Online
busy n tired ...
TY! These #film peeps are incredible >
Still need to hang out with you BOTH.
For the love of God...please stop the commercials. I promise to buy the majority of my presents at Target if you do.
One who sits between two chairs may easily fall down.
Love ain't nothing but sex misspelled. - Harlan Ellison
Hi piop i love trey song title when ur love is lost,
Thank you for reviewing! We only sell one brand, and it's all good quality and Made in U.S.A.!
Speaking at U C Davis on social media. Oh, extension class of 12. But it's a speaking chance.
Free tours on Mother's Day at Gadsby's Tavern Museum for all mothers.
Free promotion ? need more followers? try the site on my profile. By the way. do you follow4follow? lets'!
definitely.....not
Attorneys in redistricting case have finished presenting evidence. Recess until 7 then closing arguments begin.
Snag your share of thousands w/ #WorkplacePayoff. Your next cue to score $100 cash on the way in minutes.
"see you in a half hour" come on. i ordered a sandwich and you are two blocks away. it should not take that long haha
Kind of randomly into Bruckner this morning. Not sure what that's about.
"Speak your heart out." -Paul
what it dew pimp
Yall niggaz come peep out my foam party tonite at club 708 in atlanta Ga for more in call 213 361 0737
Happy mothers day to your momma! Tell her I love her and miss her!
can i crash there?
Oh now all of a sudden , you don't give a fuck about bitches ? You finally realzied YOU DONT GET NONE , lol .
Needing investigator who might do pro bono criminal work! HAH.
I'm gonna miss you most of all!!
Did you know #zipsters get 10% off bike accessories at Baltimore Bicycle Works?! Just flash your Zipcard.
my take: book was interesting but slightly disappointing bc it could have been so much more. It was still better than movie.
15.3k at break, table is tough
I Heard the opposite, Wisconsin needed to shade the 34 players over 300lbs because they were at greater risk of heat stroke
"Oh my God, look at yall except Ladarius. Anyone else hurt in the accident?" Hm....Holy Fuckin Shit Indeed bitch!
really! Celaith is coming here and we can all ride together
I'm really disappointed my dad didn't bring his camera to the game... How will i document this birthday gift?!
all over: cupertino ca, suburbia of boston, sorta new albany ohio; now baltimore.. why? :)
we are living in the US. No new rewards since yesterday! It would be great to see you, if you're in the area. How are you?
I just seen a music video where Wiz Khalifa was topless the whole time. Man, there's no way he weighs more than me..
Hope the rain and wind stop.
“: “: I'm bout to see my baby mom today lol”aww”
Alexandre Dumas~ Nothing succeeds like success.
they suck so i don't have to suck cuz thats gross :)
Get Ready For NY City Opera's Act 4!
As machines learn to structure data from news stories. What impact will this have on high frequency trading models? More or less stability?
NEVER underestimate the power within you. Achieve your dreams today, NEVER tomorrow.
his loss my love
Yesir! RT Thanks for coming out to support I really appreciate it guys
Thanks for the post ;) For coupons and contests at the FAST-FIX location you can follow
DFish with just a many points as Kobe! Old UALR Trojan still relevant baby!
I've never felt this way about someone before. It's weird..
It looks so yummy!
Was just informed that the B&B we're staying at is having a tango tonight in the hall.
hahaha potate.. potatoes... NIALL ... one direction... this is what my life has come to
Good morning. Are u still in NYC? If so, how long will u be there? Would luv to contact you abt a project re: Sierra Leone.
Awww, thank you so much, Lauren! That means so much to me!! XOXO
Im Chillin' like a villain like the penguin in its fuckin' igloo eating fudgesicles ;D <3
packer fans love you too I look forward to watching you play for many years with the pack and making a lot of pro bowls
On da way bak to H-Town
Women's match Wimbledon ...hard to watch the falls on grass court!
you beat me to the tweet. Have a great night!
you know it Petrey!
I woke up wanting to tell someone stories. I think that is my new whiskey hangover.
thanks to had a Sugarcubes flashback on my drive in to work this morning, <3 it
I'm in the same room as Meat Loaf. And Matthew McConaughey. But mostly Meat Loaf.
Ohh :( iM So Sad Now . And Today iCalled Your Name Goin To Third And You Looked Back But You Didnt see Me
It may almost be December, but we've been having the perfect BBQ weather! Come on down soon!
I swear i would ever guy that disrespects a girl thrown in jail if i was president. Don't ever hit or push a girl.
Today's discovery: I really like doing program dev templates to help clients prioritize bringing programs online. It's like a data puzzle!
In tomorrow's race I'll consume at least 1100 calories of Gu - Chocolate Outrage and Vanilla Bean
love that place
Kool Keith and plotting retention stuff
Fast weeks >>
"Success often leads to arrogance, and arrogance to failure."
When chris brown is on two stations and you cant pick which one to listen to.
I've lived in germany on 2 occasions, they would not respond to a protest this way. and protests are much more common there
Wow that play was so good it made me depressed.
is a fake account. go report her! :)
Circumstance has no power over you. Your inner weather is always and forever at your command. – Olga Rosmanith
Having a bum knee is no fun at all. I can barely walk today. Ouch!
Client is going big with his charity weekend in Phlly coming up. www.RaheemBrock.com for details.
The Premier Event of the Year! (My Personal Favorite!)
they wanted their name to start and end with a m.
Did you just throw up or something??
RT : The attorney for Ohio State's Terrelle Pryor says the QB won't return for his senior season.
Jazz trio gig this eve. w/ and Michael Brenneis at Pasqual's Hilldale from 5:30-8:30 for free. This is gonna be REALLY happenin'!
Good luck! Hearing a lot about sinus infections this year with the extra irritation caused by an intensified allergy season.
RT “: When President Obama was born his parent's marriage was illegal in 22 states. #marriageequality” !!
olkiiiiiiiii thank you tell me when u did!:)
waiting for my flight.. Gotta love some of the ppl you see in airports!!
Yes...Did you know their gowns were just featured on this week?
wow, lookin sexy.
Enjoyed visiting Tudor Place today, even on a rainy day. Vry knowledgeable guide, great experience.
a man should not drink pink lemonade in public
I think anyone with the url.
Only thing good about the #nbaleaugepass is the free first week!
Hope so!!! Sounds exciting :)
Thank you
Saturday's the day! Store #28 opens and we are celebrating like no other Be the first person to make a purchase and get 28% OFF!
THIS JUST IN: Beach Fossils are headlining the next ACT 4 event on 3/24/11. Buy your opera tickets now!
xoxoxoxox right back at ya!
Massage and a day hopely stress free is my only agenda. A beautiful day doesn't hurt:)
"I asked the police officer if the whistle around his neck was his rape whistle and if he's ever had to use it...I was sober."
it is wayy too early to still be awake!! been a good night though :))
think we could convince to host a museum mixologist contest one year? Museum-themed cocktails!
... if cowards wanna bust he'll probly drink vodka -yela's the shit
Capturing content in social media... so Meta...
hahaha I don't think I'd be able to hold my phone. I'd drop it. His lips would be against my cheek. lol
always my favorite place for a run when in LDN on biz
you won't feel it soon web your tipsy!!!
Hey y'all, any churches or music clubs in texas, oklahoma, LA, or mississippi need a rock band for feb 5,6, or 7th? Check
The real solution is "this logic should never have been in the code to begin with"
“: I have been slacking on my following, guess I need to follow 40 ppl to get back on pace. Who wants a follow?” Follow me J!
woohoo! hope you have an awesome time!
we need to day drink. Now.
where's the love?
What's the ETA on the new station at New Jersey and D, SE? It was announced last July...
blue laws bud
yes:) I love to, you?
Need to work off #mary Mahoney's and some cocktails before gaming show. At the gym
can I just I love how this convo has developed 5 people lol
Bol too funny.
how are your weiner dogs doing Percy ??
hahah yea same here! Except Jordan hill.
Get it girl ;)
Love is assisted pull ups at home. And tacos.
it's no way girls is in Cali rocking UGGS? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>And what daisy dukes? <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00AF>
Thanks for the retweet! Have a great Derby weekend
people* still care about the Microsoft user base, for some reason. *people who sell stuff with HTML e-mail
Ah no way! I lived in Prescott for like 8 years, went to college in Flag (NAU), and now I'm in Scottsdale too!
Pissed i fell asleep.. think im bouta go ona mickey ds run..
... probably the only upside to traveling!
Thanks for the RT, Patti! Hope that you have a great day.
I think you should do It Will Rain by Bruno Mars. I think you would kill that song. :)
Uncharacteristically fidgety today. What the heck?
Congratulations on the funding. Best of luck in the future!
you can get me food too if you wanna
Cj Wilson is a little bitch.!
BTW I love your site :-) I just started web design in college along with 3d animation and multimedia
that's good we'll it's even great that u're going to pass :D
bummer - well, send surrogates! : ) Hope the shoot goes well!
u kno it I might b wit #jones 2day
Miss America 2012 oh man the image of America has really changed
Thanks for the Retweets!
Ok I'm listening to Madonna right...I totally fellize how dope she was in the 80s.
having a good morning ^_^
cutest picture! The kids are getting so big - haven't seen you all in a long time. Hope you are well!
Thnx for the mention!
the fighter.
Duh huh!
is learning rodeo lexicon
Oh wow we really do need to find a middle state! lol
Good luck to my favorite roomie best friend at tonight's performance!
#imagen YN: omg mindless beh------------ Prince: just shut up and kiss me ;)
It's every day for my 1 year old! Nice to know my yummy food decisions for him are super healthy ones too! Thanks !
Something about a Scholastic Book Fair that sucks all of the energy out of you
follow back please :)
Happy #winedownwednesday #humpday folks!Weeks halfway over! Getting it in so I can get out of here & watch some games with my #bartab drinks
There is some strange energy in the air today, everyone everywhere seems to be highly volatile.
I think is ignoring me. :(
If you're a cop go eat a dick & die you bitch ass pig
She must me getting in her P90X.
ahahahahaha goodness. Omg I miss you bitch! Wtf
The #1 most in-demand #CleveJob is
He thinks Oswalt isn't an ace, and that its debatable that Happ is better...
Galen, I would like to debate Skip Bayless on First Take. I'm a fan that loves the show. Is it possible?
In 's session w/ & other students about 4 years of dig history , mining ideas for course w/
Project for the rest of the week -- create new library internal doc and teach myself at the same time!
Catskills for the weekend.
I FOLLOWED PLEASE TELL HIM AND PLZ FOLLOW ME
RT Is twitterature really a word? --I don't know but I LIKE IT!
Luke Walton showcasing that j!
i am bored
#Gators pull it off in 11, top UNF 4-3. Zunino drives in the winning run with an RBI double.
no :c
My friends and I would make either 4 or 5! Crap, I don't think I could make it if it's on a weekday. Are those the only days?
Happy Hour is in full-force. Come by and enjoy a hard-earned beverage on our patio this afternoon!
aw fun :) they are perfect, it was the first time I saw them
make sure you get a soft ifb, the hard plastic earpieces are uncomfortable unless they are custom molded.
After being in DC, NYC & Boston, I'm so sad about our below-par public transport in Baltimore.
Time to suck today's dick
Absolutely, always. that'll never change.
OH YEAH. I found my iPod!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Of course. Finally catching up on things. Are you doing a role in the next LB Shakes play?
Thanks for helping me choose pic's for my new ITUNES single-"Midnight Moon Shadows" (See RORY MAC Facebook) Free music preview in two weeks!
. Perry first needs to beat Cain.
The #Steelers just got their eventual Casey Hampton replacement. Great fourth-round value in Alameda Ta'amu. Ideal 3-4 nose.
liked that movie. good pairing.
U lookin thru those crimson glasses
instagram makes every photo totally awesome! i <3 my iphone camera.
Congrat's to the team for their repeat title win Nerdery's Overnight #WebChallenge, 2nd year running...
listening to my song by boyz ll men & charlie wilson more than you'll ever know <3
Heh. Now if only all politicians came with warranties and money-back guarantees.
sweet! Did your house burn down?
How are you?
yeah yeah.
Omw to get my boys!!
I smell like candy :°>
Nothing wrong with a long, smooth interlude.
Mini concerts happening all over town, anyone else wanna host us?
no way?!? That's awesome!!
one of my residents just saw my warm and fuzzy's and asked what they were…I said they were nice things people wrote me
two cougars were checking me out at WFB city market on sunday. Only weight check in I need.
Have a feeling if I knocked on neighbors' door & said "Hi, I'm here to assert my bacon rights. Please hand over two strips" they'd call cops
Glad you reminded me about that. Just ordered one for myself. Anything with new work needs to be in my hands...now.
Who knew a Penny War, a Dunk Tank & a chance to sink your boss would raise >$1K for ?! Great job /!
Just watched The Princess Bride for the I-don't-know-how-many-th time. First time with , though. :-)
“: Loved it!” at first it seemed predictable but then got so creative. Lots of fresh ideas!
tomorrow night lol her actual birthday is today but the party is tomorrow
definitely. Also first week in march too.
Putting together our application to Materials for the Arts. If you are a #notforprofit ,you should to!
ewww gross Maurice!!!
I'm jealous of the butter beer! I've never had one!
if she roll a good blunt, wife that bitch.
Listening to the show. Where is this supermarket again?! Mazal tov for your new home, neighbor!
Did you know $63748 elephants have me instead of polar bears? O_o
I'm going to be a smartass and call it a morning. Or a weekend.
A special Happy Mothers Day to my mother of almost 20 years the lady I love the most my Mom
adding text to a new website, meeting a client at 4 for a debrief, staying generally busy. :)
Like Eli , I did it
At Q & A, director says "Detroit created the classic American dream, and has proved that dream is not sustainable."
what's your main race again, protoss?
that's a better scenario to b n Bcuz you know bruh so well! If he's feelin u, & u feelin him den I say go 4 it!
I enjoy reading sports-related tweets from !! That's my girl!!
yep. I am no longer green ... Whatever that means!! : )
awesome! What is your favorite so far?
Alright! :) x
Don't forget!!! is having a huge 4th of July sale!!! Go to dannapools.net for great prices!
Thanks so much!
just saw this you can send it to my email if you want and we'll throw it on the show
"Today Was A Good Day" just came on shuffle...
Proverbs 16:3 Commit to the Lord whatever you do and your plans will succeed.
Today has been a long, but great day! So looking forward to what else God has in store for me!
I honestly think my french teacher is putting in F's on purpose because she doesnt like me, and i do all the work
but i look at it this way--this to shall pass. :)
A perfect pairing! RT : Appetizers and cocktails !
Everyone's there for you & !
text me?
The twitter winner for our T-shirt contest is !! Thanks to everyone, you guys are amazing!! Much love, TRT<3
Good to see you Obi!!
“Politics is the art of looking for trouble, finding it everywhere, diagnosing it incorrectly and applying the wrong remedies.”~Groucho Marx
RT : You don't txt me, I understand. You don't call, I understand. But when I move on I hope you understand!!!"
Thaks for the link! Nice perspective. Pricing fair vs discounting is always a challenge...
You're welcome, congrats on the LEED certification!
Time travel is the key to happiness. Travel into the future, experience the bad parts, and then come back and change them
hope ya find the bear
Just had a little run in with Shia Labeouf at Fedex. Neither of us could figure out why some lady was trying to sell us socks
Well now everyone at school knows im gay. I wonder how many people are gonna approach me about it. -_-
Yes Gil deserves a lot more love!
Garibaldis with my two favs!!! Can't wait to drink some tequila!!!
So what's the etiquette for going into the kitchen to make dinner when my roommate is on a date in the living room?
I am not the bus driver you want to ask directions from today. MKE MCTS. Personal.
Where do you buy fresh truffles?
I'll take one
It's 58 degrees & my co-workers think it's cold out. smh
4:20 FUNNY | Why didn't the chicken cross the road? He was a chicken.
Going to the zoo with the fam today. Trying to make it to cookout too
ONE thing
If your hearts not in it then why be in it?
Self-made men, debunked
We've hit that time of year when I put on my grandma's winter hat and wait for March. Brrr.
but Liam thinks I'm funny so YOLO
are you in Portland? You should look Mark up, he's at Portland State
where u @
ha, sorry to disappoint :)
Khloe Kardashian & Lamar Odom In Near-Fatal Car Crash. Where is Kim's ass when cushion is needed?!
#WeWereCoolUntil U said dat the Thunder Would Get a Sweep Before The Heats
same, you're home for the summer?
Thank you to our ALZ Stars who ran in the Mini today!
#mothers day is coming up!! #anyone have plans for mothers day?? #any good ideas?? #mothers day #breakfast in bed #celebrating mothers day
9,473 in attendance for game 1 of 3 between the White Sox and Tribe
yeah man crazy aint it didn't think she was cut throat but I didn't put it past her
"He is not the God of the dead, but of the living, for to him all are alive.” Luke 20:38
Finally going to sleep. I don't want to go to work tomorrow...<U+E058>
made some updates to the twitter page, we've got a new design up!
Is it just me or has ted nugent gone completely bat shit crazy??
The early bird may get the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese.
oh god, you're right. heaven forbid it be a boy car.
is dedicating this morning to playing with Flypaper and reading about e-learning and libraries.
He also showed me his #Brewers shirt today and whispered, "I don't like basketball. I like baseball." Of course.
Oh well she finna have to wake here 3 months old ass up!
I need a nano watchband. recommendations?
Happy to be doing tech for
Belly dance to good health
dude I just got here i'm gonna be here for at least another hour.
Planning a wedding? Let the staff at Details help you plan all your pre-wedding and wedding day appointments. Call Michelle at 619-222-6777
If Photography can capture one moment of pure beauty, just imagine how cinema is a string of those moments...the possibilities...
How was dinner last night? Were you celebrating Valentine's Day? :)
yeah good point!
#WhatTomWouldDo Save our state from a Koch addiction.
we're the ones that produced Bossmade. You killed it!
Look, they never proved that gym teacher did anything wrong. RT : Break lines? Skipped the lesson on homophones?
What does" I will stomp a mudhole in your ass" mean anyway?Same thing as "IF you piss me off i will put my foot up your ass"?
its pointless to grow out my nails, they always end up breaking when i play. anyways.
Im too fucking nice, I cant stand it.
it will soon come :)
OMG...just realized and can prove our banking system is corrupt. We didn't borrow money from them, they created because of us!
John mayer born & raised and Valet mag in the morning. So Americana.
listened to Sports Central tonight. Had to hear how the #Packers fans felt 1 day later. Good therapeutic session. Pack will be back.
Preparing to take the stage in Winter Garden, Florida
It's Earth Day, everyone should be playin' outside with us! And clean up after yo'self.
KD is black mamba jr.
RT : Don't forget that today is national comic sans day. Make sure to send d*ck emails with a fun font!
Yo your #TeamDomino is in the building!
I have some wonderful new followers. Thanks everyone!!
showing he is ready to go in the 800 at the trials
Notice your feelings...and allow them. Allow, not wallow. Allow, not swallow.
Setting concrete tomorrow.
great job with Uncle Bob's Bears. I grew up near there and love those bear carvings.
* sitting here feeling kind of crazy & not just any crazy . its the kind you feel when you love somebody .
love your logo!
he's a OG in the forest. He got the toad gang with Kermit the frog.
feel the fourth flow through you
Thanks for the RT:
I don't have a beer gut, I have a protective covering for my rock hard abs.
hey brian how was the gig?
Cooking pork chop.(:
I just poured one out for Dale.
...and the vinyl ones actually don't leave the mark on the wall - you can remove them and reuse!
i hate when my door is shut , someone walks in my room , i tell them to shut the door when they leave , but when they leave , they don't -_-
my guy friends just told me they remind me of u. Biggest. Compliment. Ever. You're beautiful.
My mom may go with me she loves it there more than here too she is really thinking about it now lol
b-town's now spiffy rendezvous, ravenna's wood paneled 3rd place pub, or udistrict's the knarr shipwreck dive...
I'm from Florida(: but I'm currently in LA for my music career(:
": Im still tired"
shows you who the real bitches are huh? Hahahaha that's messed up how do yu get that?
Guyss celyna lost her story so im going 2 start mine ! :) hope we'll find it son ! :) xx michelle <U+2665>
Missing my family this morning, but I have the joy of witnessing children baptisms Nice to see youth go public!
thx for following sis. Yay now we can tweet.
Trying to DM ya, Can you hit me up?
i really wish you were here next to me right now...when i need you the most <3
if your near office take a photo of the lobby and upload to You'll be compensated for your efforts :)
Returning Veterans Get Much Needed Job Search Support
Dukes new release due out Feb 2012 Country meets Dixie featuring Oak Ridge Boys, Nashville veterans and new comers. Classic and original.
I hate the way syd is so quite and kept to her self/:
Come out tonight to East Meets West Bookstore and listen to live music by the and ! 8:30 934 Mass Ave Cambridge!
really, that's very interesting. Personally do you like being Mormon?
Also, it's a basketball trade. People need some perspective with their outrage.
Juhasz gave book to MIT for free. But it still cost $ to create. Big q: What are the funding models for this kind of work?
What are the top three music cities in the US?
Like said click "Change All..." below "Use this application to open all documents like this one." in Get Info.
Moving is such a hassle. Canceling everything and then starting new accounts... blah.
Some people
I gotta get up n da a.m.....lata tweeties
Thanks to for the follow! Txt message marketing is a great way to promote you brand- Buy Bixby! Call about details - 918-271-0062
No matter what I always end up hurting the people closest to me..
In theme with the #oscars, I have gold and black crackle polish.
Thanks for Retweet!
#BeautifulBoys. these are wonderful boys &i love everything thing about them. <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
There will be a reception immediately following my recital - April 3rd, 2010 at the Roulette, NYC!!! Yey!
Tamales are impressively versatile- They are great for each meal, for dinners alone & holiday celebrations. Better get a bulk order!
#GiveObamaCreditFor... #ObamaRapNames is now trending. Guess republicans really don't want to give obama credit for anything.
History is more or less bunk.
2012 one day away. If you have kids, check out our new "Kids Paddle Fest" we (Rutabaga Outdoor Programs staff) are hosting!
still waiting for the life proof iPad case... Bout to buy the griffin one if you guys don't hurry
Looking to buy or sell a Manhattan Condo? Tweet me! I have over 17 years experience selling throughout downtown Manhattan.
Try Tin Lizzys in Grant Park. Heading over to Front Page News in Little Five Points or Midtown is awesome too.
yeah i know send me a pic of you so i can make it for you
Send us your email over DM and we'll hook you up with the beta invite. Tweet us some love if you like what you see. Thanks!
Hamlet: The videogame. To Be (Press A) Not To Be (Press B). Everyone Dies. Game Over.
Agree, plus we feel it IS attribution. RT In social media, linking to someone's stuff is a high compliment.
The Lakewood California police racial profile...it makes me sick!
please tell me you heated it up in the microwave and added vanilla ice cream...cause that right there is the best.
"Not all those who wander are lost"
thats to much to ask for thooo.
your movie will always be the best cinderella movie drew. No matter how many are made. :-)
Happy Valentines Day!
Gallery 924 is open late tonight. Stop by to see Jan Martin's work!
I'm not proud of anything I do. It seriously kills to know the shit I do to people.
I enjoy reading 's bedtime texts! Lol. Night!
You're just ready for these 3 days to be over so your biggest competition will be gone. But baby she may be gone, but she'll never be out!
I have a house that I share with two roommates, it's about 15 minutes from campus. Tyler has to live on base unfortunately :(
thats easy to say when you the boss you love yo job and yo net worth is damn near a billion dollars
BUT I WOULD LOVE THAT
Ah thanks so much -- I'm actually working on a proper trailer that will be up very soon!
Hm. #needschangeofaddressforms j/k
Visitors to historic sites and cultural attractions stay longer and spend more money than other kinds of tourists.
Impromptu after dinner dance parties always leave us one dance partner short....
u know i've been away from da new new....puttin dis mixx tape together.
so did you go for any walks today.
So efffin hungry! !! I'm losin weight wit every breath I take... smh
enough with the instagram pictures of the pool y'all
its been way too long..
Thanks! I'll try to make it if I can!
Your body is a temple created by God. Treat it like one. From today forward, honor Him by taking care of yourself physically.
thanks I think the tiger is such a beautiful and majestic animal so beautiful
its the truth
Just saw some of Sam's photos - I need to buy "Oil Overload 5" to complete my life yes?
let's turn around and go back, buy a tent and live there until we get enough money.
Occupy DSM taking over Chris Christie event! See the outburst on 10 at 10 on ABC5!!
The most eloquent silence; that of two mouths meeting in a kiss
I can't wait to chop off your penis and take it to Idewild and give the geese a treat
Thanks for your work on this JMS!
Thanks for following, enjoy your Sunday. :)
what you doing?
Caitlin, KB, Eli and myself in the crib with hot toddies and Meg Baird on.
Holdin dis ham #bitch got a #beam on it
never told me if she was gonna be in austin or SA this coming week!!!
That "oh fuck!" moment when you lean back a little too far in your chair and then gravity takes over.
Hehe :) I love taking ours outside on their harnesses too!
Bye bye kendall wright
There's 2 ways to enter into a Monday, ease into it or jump off a plane! Currently flying high!! Tune into for both my stories.
So jealous of the artists on Face Off. They get to sculpt a piece based off of a Patrick Tatopoulos creature design.
why the red?? Road trip girl! haha
thank you for sharing this great article on #innovation!
Well that's all folks!!! another year has come and gone. It was full of stress and headaches but it will all be worth it in the end
Four hours in. I think they're just now getting the first shot of the day ...
Does everyone's grandmas house smell the same? Like as soon as you walk in you smell food and you could eat forever and ever?
My sisters are officially obsessed with the iconic boyz, that's all they talk about.
hi All
Okay = "Everything's cool." Okay? = "You make no sense." Okay... = "You're creepy." Okayy = "I don't care." Okay. = "I am so pissed off."
Please note that the MFA thesis show's reception is scheduled for this Sat (4/28). See you there!
Big things coming to MT. Vernon. Sexy Nightlife!
I do not want to be at work I want to be in bed
Dani Scoville (daniscoville) thanks for the follow.
In the short term I agree vendor prefixes are a better solution than balkanizing the web. I just hope they eventually go away.
I just subscribed to the RSS feed. I have a bone to pick with you, unfortunately Im having a phone crisis at the moment. LOL
#Imagine Austin: I must be in heaven. You: Why? Austin: Because I'm looking at an angel <U+2665>
Solutions: fine tune online resources
Nevermind, that one was actually pretty funny. I take that last one back.
How's everyone doing? Lol
THANK YOU for the AM laughter!!!!!
I recommend Systane for dry eyes.
happened to me once. AND the spare was locked on trailer & I was keyless, 25 miles from home. Stranger saved the day.
Never thought I'd be so excited that Methode was working. Also: Methode is working!!
No lo somos, viva mexico cabrones.
Really wish I could go to relay for life. Bo.<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
well said, Rhett. I'm glad you added your voice to that conversation. Your book is so needed.
“: #Cancer Friendship Style: You're a loyal friend that likes to stay in touch, even if you move away.” :)
if MATT and you were born in 1998 on 20 February (the best day of my life since you were born) #HUNTERCHILENA !!
Thanks for bieng on the Idol show . I would rather listen to your comments than the other female judge .
thanks so much. So so so much.
Looking at apartmentratings.com is one of the more depressing things I've done. Apparently every building in Seattle is simply horrid
Happy Mothers day!
"If things get any better, we may have to hire someone to help us enjoy it."
Greengrocer had fresh green olives today. Can someone point me to an interesting #recipe? Green olive #soup, ala #LeBecFin, maybe?
This Means War looks totally unrealistic. No way Chris Pine could compete with Tom Hardy's lips.
Thanks again to for a night of good food and good times. Luv ya!
Thanx for the info, Tawny! Longtime fan!
Serving Hope Gala Benefiting the Dallas Providence Homes, Canyon Creek Country Club Richardson, TX - Friday 4/1 at 6:30PM
how many books have you written? It must be hundreds.
JW August says Saldana was the most assertive in the debate
Have a great weekend ya'll its sunny and bright here in ATX time to hit the trails then kayak Lady Bird Lake. I hope you get outside today!
I've decided to tell my misguided coworker that being a pall bearer isn't a career.
missing the naughty clan!!
No treatment is available yet.
Had a bowl of pasta for dinner. Still hungry. Ah, pregnancy.
I would hate to be homeless.
I smell like
Anytime, Girl! MT : Thanks for the swimming motivation last night. Much needed. 70.3 is fast approaching.
don't worry Justin, I'm already following :) now all I need is for u to follow me and I'm all set! I love u jb!
Did you mean to call me on Skype?
I started eating 5 mini meals per day and stopped eating meat & my energy is through the roof. It's been about two months and I feel great!
Yo got O.M.G in his phone lmao but it made me think of her <3
It's obviously mocking the 99%.
Getting ready to walk across the stage in about 15 minutes. Aiight #Graduation , you're winning. I'm getting emotional now.
Man I feel sorry for the knicks...they don't stand a chance in this series
Anyone know of a place hiring new RN's? Its for a friend , Thanks!
Great resource, liked the models in the book, especially the one related to informal learning, for me twitter fits right in.
Where are all the weird funny crazy people like me when you need'em?
Ugh...I have to get up at 6AMish to put my brother on the bus...why am I still up?
wins martinsville. Way to go nascar champ is next
Do not wanna go back to work that whole week without working was too real
deep blue sea was very good, though I was def expecting to see wrestle some sharks.
I'll have to check it out! It looks so cool... but it might take some practice=) Hope you have a great weekend girlie!
it can also be a pain lol
What really goes on in the morning at the Navajo reversation. Like sun rise. Go to www.apinsights.info to see the video
Just did my taxes. I'm a big kid now!
Motor racing-Bahrain Formula One Grand Prix result
you walked right by me at Duck game. Tv doesn't due you justice. Absolutely GORGEOUS. GO DUCKS!!!!!!
hahah, I hate you bro!
Catching up on some Degrassi. <3 one episode left. :(
I have a player that had a legit chance to play overseas and maybe in the league DM for info
Whole milk?!
Thanks for the follow! The Richmond Jazz Scene fiercely support TITO's!
Lips are sealed tight!
IPhone! Had the RAZR Droid for less than two weeks and I took it back for alot of reasons! I love my iPhone!
got 99 problems but a dick aint one.
Thanks for the heads up! Big day tomorrow with race and LT party last-minute gathering... but I should try to get there.
I got some of the best fans in the world
Another beautiful day in the big apple! Going to the park today for a walk. #NY Rehearsal for tonight, 9:30 show Metropolitan Room
So um, just sayin: Nick and I are totes rocking Easter Eve today. Red Sky on tap, growlers a-growlin and hilarious conversations abound.
OK, so I've discovered Google apps ... now what?
There was a lot of "sizzling" going on last night! we will be doing another singles event next month! all you singles BOLO for deets.
S/O TO MY NIGGA , HE GRINDS NONSTOP FOR SUCCESS....
Women are equal and they deserve respect. Just kidding they should suck my dick.
Wondering if is attending #WGCCadillac I need a smart-a$$ fix!
I didn't know love could leave so swiftly.
girl you love you some don't you!!
mmerry christmas eve!!!!
I'm falling for you all over again - but it's different.
is beyond gorgeous!!!
to get this weekend started could you please play "Old School" by Chuck Wicks?
I really wanna move to Knoxville. The guys are cuter there.
Wow. :o I missed you Twitter... <3 D;
Someone please call Molly.
love the haircut doll!
First #creative task (join me if want) is to #design a cartoonish trap,like one for the rd runner, in 1 week. It can be made of anything.
that tech exists on iPad and iPhone. You can sign using your finger. It just depends on what you're trying to do.
Our show 'The Thin Line' will be up thru March! Thursdays 5-8p, Saturdays 12-5p. It's just like a soap opera, only on paper and canvas.
As they will. #Lakers = Classless RT : Mavericks PA announcer to arena: "We're going to win this thing with class."
I want to feel you breathe close to me.
Gotta a lot of reading to do...some pretty good. Got a date with hubby first though. Great way to round out a lovely Saturday.
: That's an interesting question. I'd think about it if I lived there.
The world isn't interested in the storms you encountered, but whether or not you brought in the ship. -Raul Armesto
I went to my storage space today and looked at my guitar... Can't wait til I can play her again
And horrible football team.
4 hit batters was a routine walk in the park for Great start by Sneed.
Halvorsen: Interesting perspective on history thru: The Mind's New Science: A History of the Cognitive Revolution by Howard Gardner
thanks my lovee!(:
on fan 93.7 in pitt now check it out
Start at EZ3 Media tomorrow, then Second City Improv class!
I'll look for one. WalMart?
Renear: We do not have a robust account of identity and change in the digital world
ONE MORE DAY! Gotta get my study on! Real Estate Gods are in my favor...I hope
What a better way to start your weekend off then Blood Mary's and Brunch. Brunch from 10am-3pm, plus 2-4-1 Absolut Bloody Mary:0)
darn I've been to busy sit take a break and drink my coffee. Now its cold :(
History, Crisis, Solutions, Charts, Videos, National Debt, iphone apps, t-shirts... DeficitAid has it all. Come, learn, debate.
there concert and someone tells him ur there and he runs off the stage n looks for u and says "I knew i would find u"
I really wish my body would stop breaking down.
Tune in NOW to hear what and Steam room Topic is! Call in Now 760-283-5110 press 1 and go live!
how many pills do ya have to take a day? The one I have is like 6 a day I don't like taking so many pills...
You guys make up a time for your fights? LOL me & my sisters usually just go after each other at the 1st chance we get
I'm so tired, why am I still up >.<
I can see watch it on sunday ticket app RT : New England #Patriots blacked out again.
just saw the tweet girl havent on this shit for a minute... Ya power hour... How could i forget
The Avengers may have spoiled the world for superhero movies.
I forgot how much better almond milk tastes in coffee than coconut milk! M
So cheated.
Nice! Thank you! I'm glad you had a good time. Both were real passion projects - built on blood, sweat, and tears. Salud!
RT if you like saving money baby!!!!
Are you an ONTD'er?
Congrats to former Sun Devil, James Harden. I'm usually a Suns fan, but for the playoffs I say #ThunderUp!
"600,000 black and latino ppl were stopped and frisked by NYPD"
Do any of you have a tattoo that is "glow in the dark" or can be seen with a black light??
you too. Glad you came.
Why are there taco bells in San Diego? Who would eat there?
Might be the most expensive day trip ever. Just checked in for my flight home. It was fun Jacksonville.
Thanks for helpin us spread the word! MT #HappyHouring at
Massive traffic to my website today from link in their showcase. Curious what happened.
I'm Out Of Here .
If money is the root of all evil ,, why do churches beg for it ?
#Spain says
Ah. Thanks. Not what I thought. :)
: 3 years ago, on this day, a tall brunette with a French accent walked into your life.
Lovin' the new shirt, lady! :D
it is like a dirty slurpee
did you really just tweet a Mary Kay quote Biddy?
The journey of a thousand miles begins with a broken fan belt and a leaky tire.
Were you going to write another story? Sorry if I bothered you I just wanted to know:)
Freaked out when I heard that album is gonna be out on my BIRTHDAY!! I kn what im asking for!!!!!!!!!!
thanks for the info! Super duper!
its complicated, our issue is compounded by DNS.
Friday's performance of THE SHADOW BOX is sold-out on Goldstar. Call the Edgemar box office for seats: (310) 399-3666 or shoot for Saturday.
(con't) Best sportswriter we've had here in a long time. Start working on a book, would ya? Balto-centric if you please.
#spoileralert Charlie might have a long wait!
I love my Cable and do not take kindly to your evil words and shameless tone.
Drinking a beer on the ub stampede is embarrassing.
back up in tha shop ! come through ..
sry my baby is first
At home, with a cold, working on personnel policies and Gov Doc homework.
has big plans for the South End of the grounds! Have you booked your corporate outing there yet? Loads of fun and value!
Art things on my wish list: Inkling, Maya software, and Artrage Studio Pro. I want to learn and work more on the computer. :)
It's friday i know something's happening. Where is it?
My teacher told me that I was a piece shit......seen her the other day, driving a piece of shit
lol ok but until then we'll be crashing your spot :)
RTM rocks! lmk how you like it. #NCLA11 ... see you at #NC3ADL11 ?
we're so flattered! keep an eye out for a new podcast later this month
You're 1 of 4 players in UK history to shoot 44% FG, 81% FT, and 37% 3PFG for an entire career (T. Ford, D. Lamb, D. Miller)
Taking the dog for a walk
Do the kids at my bus stop think it is okay to stand in the middle of the street?
woo! that's awesome! Saturday works great, 11? 12? (clearly wide open.) hahaha. yay!
Funny!? Saudi's don't let women vote but the NAACP asks the UN to look into US voting laws.
I recommend some Bad Religion to follow that.
RT : Its funny but those days where my hair is big, frizzy & out of control are the days I get the most complements
The movie HURRICANE SEASON with Forest Whitaker imparts a message far beyond basketball.
#elevatelive I am on elevate live with Ali Brown and many of my Ali gal/guy family
Walked to the gym b/c I was too lazy to drive.
Yay, I’ve been casted in a new feature. “Through The Eyes of the Storms” by Robbie Lewis. I’m super excited and can’t wait to start.
That's crazy talk. Unless you're preggers with a child made out of rock hard abs! AM I RIGHT?!
Crying, Thinking of the journey that all your #Mahomies have gone through with you. Ilove you and i give you my <3 and support
Happy Mothers Day to all mothers in Twitterland.
been there before, great for any meal! Burgers fantastic as well
i really love steak
Hey are you still up? Cause I wanted to tell you I liked you on ustream tonight<3 (: follow me please?(:
That's not a bad PR pitch line.
group hug right back atcha.
lucky man
Lol I just listened to a song and I thought my mom was knocking on my door
Y U NO TALK TO ME LOVE?
its 11:11 make a wish and say! follow back
Grr gotta go to sleep (school) but im coming tomorrow so stop crying wuv u!!!
Clean your Files Day for Businesses is April 24. Sign up by 4/18 by calling 410-396-4511
“ no they can't suck a dick , sorry . And your right none of them cared when I told them . But ask him where the hell my
crush em or be crushed, be a winning poker player
Good night y'all
u getting black maled for that white girl.
Why the f*ck I'm not in your BIO! Don't make me come down there & put this d*ck on you ;)
an amazing night at Chicago as Literary Muse. Dybek, Obajas, Moore, & Bolina, stunning all, in their talent and insight into this city.
I love checking my Instagram to see who's creeping haha
That moment when you're ready to leave your apartment on time and you can't find your keys.
I just said the same thing to my husband!
Good morning twitterverse! I found out my Millionaire episode will air the week of April 2nd through 6th!
Really impressed with the elaborate staging of Mary Poppins!
I am a twit twat but will try to figure out how to do so just for you! X
#WaysToImpressMe be a good tumbler.
Ran into Theo Rogers from always great to see you fam in the streets repping Christ. Can't wait until 4PM
I need you to love me, I swayer.. Look hayer
Nerd-a-licious Fact: The plural of OXYMORON is either oxymorons or oxmora.
": #Cancers can be rude & mean af, but only when we are fed up."
Holiday Inn Town Lake - Police just moved us to the bar area - free drinks? For sitting outside in the heat 45 minutes!
Fletcher Knebel~ Smoking is one of the leading causes of statistics.
my fav colours are red,green,blue,and purple!!!! ^ yeah I'm Canadian!
TSO is 2hrs away and the Plectrum crew will be in attendance. Floor level, Second. D if your going be sure to say hello!
u should follow me and watch my keeks :P they r on my twitter then u should follow me on keek but its up 2 u ;P. GOD Bless
3 out of 4 sunroofs closed- why? It's 70 out here! Open it up & let the sun in!!!
Text your votes for the glove and help Indy Reads win $10,000! Text READS to 86132 now! and everyday until Aug. 19
you are growing every day and in the end you will be an even more amazing person because of what you have been thru and beat!
is device updates on : ) what a great weekend
You look fantastic! Hope all is well, much love to you!
Sometimes you realize you spent a week destroying your body and you need to sit in a fixed position and not move except to eat scoops
Dolphins fans. They didn't get Manning, Tebow or Flynn.
You are who You are, no matter where I am
- the Westminster Kennel Club. Aw, I can see the fur flying!
there weren't many marines then, so I bet they had a great story! My grandfather won a soldier's medal and a silver star.
Girls just wanna have fun has got to be one of my favorite dance movies
I'm finding you extremely distracting today and I have work to do.
Fast. Paced. Hockey.
CHRIST ismy identity! Who or what identifies who you are??
Ever wanted to just flip your desk over and walk out?
I love you :) <3 austin mahone RT if u do too !
That lunch <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
Does anybody remember the south park game off of n64???
Going to work everyday, curing people, changing their lives dramatically,has been the greatest blessing. It is all about making a difference
Champagne & Chickenheadz! BANG!
Bamboozle is this Saturday!!!
yeah those johnny depp movie and chernobyl diaries banners are low res. guess im not seeing those movies!
Hey Michele!
Ain't my fault he only got a B. .... I guess B is for #bus nerd.
we make swag... www.smirkclothing.com
The a/c would not wanna work today at work ugh can my day get any worst.
no I haven't :/ Selina said she is gonna help me in what to text him lol I might hang with him tomorrow if all goes well
read it! I was just saying my creative writing I have to do everyday.
Just thinking about my new Indigo Biofeedback System I'll be getting in just a couple of weeks.Come see it when it arrives on Facebook. WOW!
Headed home and into a weekend of editing copy from
my future wedding song haha
yea sure :)
promotion, they really didn't tweet. Conference attendees were the ones tweeting. 2/2
really weird about Hardy/Anderson since, at least in the latter's case, he is very rough but the two seemingly work together.
how hard was it leaving Stanford, Ontario to record your first single? #TwitterTakeOver 2
Thus why robots will never take over the world.
Finally home... chruch in da a.m
You never know how close you are.. So Never give up on your dreams!
#NeverApologizeFor being yourself.
being a perfectionist sucks some times! but it will be worth it in the end ;)
Revo San Diego is having its 3rd annual event in September! Stay tuned and get ready!!!
Great night! i've been up more than 24 hours and i can't seem to fall asleep...
yay! Glad it went well!
Gonna watch a walk to remember until I fall asleep <3
I need to move asap.
Oh hey stranger!
RT : It's official: I'm now a part of :) I look forward to working with the most awesome guys in the industry!
is the awesome!
i want a pet Moose..
Can't wait til tomorrow is gonna be so live!!!!!!!!
Do you have the link for the interview?
« Donna Summer has died! RIP»
I'm exactly 9 days older than President Obama. You know when my position on full gay rights, included marriage, stopped "evolving"? 1991
Hotter than Mississippi asphalt on this bus
we outsource to another company.
RT Far better to do good & be poor than to do bad & be rich. - Proverbs 16:8
New version of what?
so you are baseline
I wish I could golf this weekend, too busy. There's always next weekend though right?
great summary tho makes me sad about how much memorization the current #APUSH format has. Excited for 2014's changes
I swear I have a creative block.
KG: "I have no life at this point. I go home, get treatment and prepare for the next game."
it's alright...I'm bout to lay it down in a lil bit...but how are you feelin' babe
luv u baby
same here now what's going on with the contest?
Increase your CRM results with Grande & Associates Secret Shopper services.
What would you most want your husband to do for you on Mother's day that doesn't cost money? Cook, clean, let you sleep in?
It really hurts when people change...
Hammond- liked how monta and Jennings played together and hope improves over course of off-season
they post auditions on there local n national. Ur uswr name and password should be the # on ur jc id card. Tat u use to sign
To remove grease from driveways and garage floors, use a mix of 1 gallon hot water plus a 1/2 cup trisodium phosphate and scrub!
Corporate librarian mentions importance of helping associates track issues, stay current--on top of everything else.
truly will be a gold mine. Just need the dough to start it up. Need big names and big cash.
Really don't wanna get up. Lol Nothing to make breakfast )-:
who would even know what we're talking about 'cept you and I, and maybe her?
YUM! La Maison du Chocolat is donating frozen hot chocolate vouchers for everyone on our #wewalk #wmnhist scavenger hunt launch in #NYC!
Preparing for AB1103, California's new energy benchmarking requirements.
I hate having culinary 2nd period. Who even wants chicken empanadas at 8 am?
depends on how much you like these people! buy placemats, make matching coasters?
haha of course :) I think a heart on your toe is amazing! And it means a lot to Ari too :)
This is awesome! Of course, it would have to be Southwest Airlines :-)
Khleo Thomas is sexy as hell . . . if you didnt already no. :)
So many people come to me for advice or just to vent. Am I really that good at listening and advice giving?
you seem to love your legs sure. You must have some magnificent quads and calves. Don't wear pants unless you want ladies on you.
mom gives me priceless advice, especially when i don't know how to deal with other people.
On My way 2 tennessee
3D printing - building up an object based on a scan. Wow!
Just Dance 3. Bust a move. <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00AF>
Watch out for emergencies. They are your big chance. -Fritz Reiner
Omg u always on tht chill modeRT : lol naw imma chill at the crib, get the drank and come ova let's get fucked up lol
you on?
Your biggest enemy is yourself
Yes! Makes me glad to know people who love science, bc I have no patience to read the research, but it's so important!
yw :) Thought you might like our sound (^_^)
Anyone else finding the new gmail interface tough to read?
The word is true all because of the fact it can convict a unbeliever without it being open but it being seen. Uncomfy feeling when yu see it
Hope everyone has a great weekend!! more in a bit, its back to work I go!
So excited for VEEP tonight!
Kay . Tell your fag of a bff to maybe talk to me sometime .
is fucking great(: & I shouldn't leave my shit up on people's phone & then pick fights. #FuckingUpYourShit (:
Is the pen mightier than the sword? Meeting with AET Playwright-in-Residence Zachary Fernebok about “THE PIRATE LAUREATE OF PORT TOWN.”
He never know how, how everything get turn around
Life isn't about finding yourself-Life is about creating yourself–download- InSpotter app
Just had $300 worth of Obama merch stolen from our front stoop. If i see the local kids wearing Irish Obama shirts I'll know who did it
(Lord Chesterfield) Whatever is worth doing at all, is worth doing well.
and hold hands.
Robin! We are ready to list your property when you are! Let me know and ill send agreement and rentals your way!
I guess I expected that going in and was pleasantly surprised he got as much as he did
It has to be said: this thunderstorm is epic.
Saw Jersey Boys last night - "Oh What a Night!"
PACERS!! HELLS YES!! Now we play game 3 in #Indy. Let's go baby. We need ALL of #indy representing on Thursday!!
I love it my American / English / awesome mates are battling it out
please don't fill up my tumblr dash with Beyonce pics.we saw them , we lived , we ALL have the link. TY
Only 3 episodes of #BeringSeaGold left? Bummer. Im enjoying the series.
TEXT ME!!! i wi message umy number on here
twitter is being a stupid ho.
Good Morning Beauties & Happy Monday! ****Calling all Big Brothers Big Sisters of America mentors and friends*****
tweeting so much random shit o.o
I am 8 followers away from 700....please get me there!!!
Good luck! One step closer...
Always amazed when I actually make something work when programming in Actionscript. Not breaking it is like a miracle.
Just spent 2 hours talking with a harvard prof, she said, set yourself apart from the crowd and you will get in
And i just got mad.
That's for sure -- great to meet you and thanks for everything you've done thus far RT : It was a special night
Please PLEASE hurry up.
Morning Beautiful smile
all mine man
Connecting the dots...
: Check out this Twitter list: /prettygurlswag
At willies locally known with Laura Bell Bundy bout to jam a few tunes. Come hang out with us-BH
I'll give us another 7 months then we'll need that arc. Haha
don't tempt fate anymore! ;)
In N.C. to work on the new renovation...cool, crisp mountain air!
Smh. I can't Believe she went through with it.
I'm doing awesomely! RT'd me so I freaked. Lol. Yourself?(:
Today in 1954 President Dwight D. Eisenhower authorized the creation of the U.S. Air Force Academy. There are currently 4,417 cadets.
u know you ain't gotta try out! U say the word, I'm dropping the whole team! Yea, #ItsLikeThat ;-) night friend!
See everyone tonight at Belle Isle Brewery.
March is full of MADNESS!!! #duke?
Prom Dress shopping with my girl,
i want to hear Britney Spears Criminal on
Thanks for the support, Regina!
2012 has some big shoes to fill! Happy New Year!
u are so darn Pretty(: I love ur new song(: Big big fan of u(:
"IM NOT OUT HERE HANDLING BUSINESS"
. I wish instead of The Playboy Club we had The Mattachine Society, starring Sean Maher. Everything else in TPC bored me.
you should learn government structure before saying things like that. The Assembly has a Majority Leader too, ie Scott Suder.
Me n were keeping it in the family :)
didn't even wanna go out tonight but i'm hammered.
I am all out of whack today. I need to get my #yoga on asap!
I'm so looking forward to hearing the results of your experiment for that paper!!!!!
Don't forget "supermoon"!! It's the trifecta of reasons to get sloshed :)
; Nothing means more to me than what we share, No one in this whole world can ever compare.
Possible snow tomorrow? Stay warm and cozy - stop by the office and get your free DVD rental and popcorn!
Don't tell me how hard you work, tell me how much you get done. - James Ling
Locked out of my office. So much for getting here early.
Checking out the new place on the hill. Gorgeous day too!
Identity is not just a laundry list of traits mapped onto a Star Wars race, exhibit
now can Rod Woodsen stop being a Falcon Hater?
do you think it's true Mj's music catalogs got stolen from sony? Everything! O___o
Co-Led "How to Win Friends & Influence People – Social Media & Your Library" in 1st session. Now just chilling & learning!
You are welcome. Looking forward to seeing lots of Play Dough and Bubbles at Supreme Lending.
and possibly both at IU
Why did my heart just drop!
A great quote can truly inspire...
Never stand begging for that which you have the power to earn. - Miguel de Cervantes
38 pts in a half. Really?
#TeamGay quit being so nasty on twitter!! Put on some clothes and let's class it up a bit fellas.
finally! it's march. took so long to get here this year...the past 24hrs I've been especially impatient. long live #MiamiFilmMonth !!!
Hey Whats up! ;)
i think i have so many finger and hand prins on my mac cause u keep telling me 2 high five u.. cant resist! LOL
I better get an A in this class
yup yup yup
Heart. Racing. Fast. Ah
haha thank you :p happy Monday to you too.
"I'll do it" is one of the best songs on that album!
Oh, now you wanna talk? That's funny.
well alrighty than thank you for the Q & A
how was that Flacco hate???? I didn't say I think his numbers will go down. I said IF.
Some people really just annoy me ughh
ah! In so excited for you!
Tiny tower is startingto get extremely tedious
Levin: Pearl Harbor was such a bad history movie that you were rooting for the Japanese to kill Affleck et. al.
lol i don't even know her
. Thank you bud for the constant inspiration and work all semester.
96 fire trucks... Somebody sending TP a message?
Does anyone else wake up and workout at 8 and then have a morning workout till around 10 or 11?(:
Finally caught 2 of the 4 thugs that beat up the soldier in Tampa. Now we need to get the other 2
It's that time...
.....gets your tweet on!
Hey girl, I was going to email you today!
‘Armenian Genocide’ Remarks Triggers Incident in Parliament
#explorersrule in DC! I feel like im part of a super heroe team now!!!
Headed down to our *new* office at the #HarwoodArtCenter. Come visit us!
London needs it too. They're in drought too.
I'm proud to support my alma mater for this years Race for A Cure Against Breast Cancer on Sat. May 21st at Comerica Park
We're also heading to Minster, OH Saturday for a Reggae Luau complete with Reggae mix cocktails and a whole lotta Jamaican fun!
Dear sir, when will we see another book or DVD pretty please :)
Pretty stoked about NSFW! Can't wait for the fun to begin!
Tweeted your page
On hold for 20 mins w/ Expedia. They picked up, talked to me for 30 sec, asked me to hold AND THEN HUNG UP ON ME! Grrrrrrrrrr....
I got booted off Pinterest! But now invited back :) Thank goodness!
Great turnout for today's Copyright 201: Author’s Rights, Licensing, and Scholarly Communications talk by Madelyn Wessel.
I hate Twitter and everyone on it.
If it's illegal to rock and roll, throw my ass in jail! - Kurt Cobain
My 8year old nephew is worried about the game tommorow and told be that he wishes that Lombardi was still the coach of the
Follow back? (:
what starts with a and ends in mazing- YOU
Love folks and they'll love you back.
#Trivia Tuesday! What sci-fi thriller set attendance records during the Fourth of July weekend in 1996?
Six years ago today I left my last job and started the adventure known as Springboard Creative (which I officially opened one month later).
I guess so
Engagement tips -- questions get people going #spjmadisontraining ask good question =more engagement
hey im karlton new to twitter
Opens in 1 week and we couldn't be more excited!!! CHECK US OUT ... www.2ndclasscabaret.com
Don't judge me until you know me. Don't underestimate me until you challenge me. And don't talk about me until you talk to me.
good. Over paid ass loser
I like it! RT : "Life moves pretty fast. If you don't stop and look around once in a while, you could miss it."
Comfort food dinner with the kids and grand kids.
on the QB front - I'd grab Dalton with your bye week probs...Bradford a close second, but his health worries me
it's my 17th bday lmao this is the best birthday ever I can't stop laughing! Love u :)
Please stand by,
Thanks for the mention Mark!
I think NSOMEs would make for a great future #slpchat topic!
I need yal to support ya Boi an click the link in Bio an take a listen tell me Wat u think
about to go H.A.M
working on virtual proofs for imprinted iPad2 Cases.
New Follower
My Friday reads? The Illustrated Man Ray Bradbury
Town hall meeting, happening right now! Come join!
Why is it called a bust when it stops right before the part it is named after?
I guess I sold it well enough, though. The patrons' chairs are empty.
gotta play better guys. We have no energy anymore.
is trying to focus on things other than the hurricane, but it's tough.
Gladwellian? I like Malcolm Gladwell, but seriously, we have turned his name in to a word?
"<U+FFFD>You as a brand have to be completely confident about your position, because you will get criticism"
The Subaru Impreza STI has a decidedly unfortunate name.
I totally forgot i was suppose to help my pops move something today.
Yes. And yet, "Opposites attract, we'll be perfect together!" Also no.
“: Let the police be chasing after nigga and watch how quick his ass turns into an Olympic Runner”
When the tea is brought at five o'clock And all the neat curtains are drawn with care, The little black cat with bright green ey
FedEx for me ;) Should have iPads coming in for our mobile app dev team tomorrow!
Aw man. "Mothman Prophecies" You gotta check it out, it's freaky as hell and based on a true story.
Going to Starbucks during their Happy Hour is a terrible decision. Especially when High School just let out.
The Chula Vista Chamber strongly opposes Proposition C.
I'm back now. In SC till june 4th tho. So yep!
k jerk
what to do for fun?
Great experience with 's customer support from Ali. Thanks!
daniel bryan beat punk 2-0
Its over...mavs going fishing
Black History Fact Of The Day:African American Women are using more profanity in their conversations now than ten years ago.
I wonder if my Stats professor will give me an A if I break down in tears during the final.
Hittin' the sack...
I think Tebow is going to flourish. This is a dream come true for Sparano's wildcat.
Today really needs to end so I can be with Nicole at the concert! Been looking forward to it for weeks
It's highly amusing to see the re-emergence of Clinton as an Obama proxy in the campaign, hope he does it more often.
#FlyMeToLondon So I can play soccer at Stamford Bridge and Possibly meet Gary Cahill... :)
If you're walking down The Avenue today, follow your nose straight into B and order yourself one of our three Chef's Special!
Less than a week until ! Who's coming to Taste the South End with us?
S/O to for coming out and showing some love to the training session. Hope you gained a little knowledge from our #nodaysoff work
Leaving my fav. place in the world. Until next time...
Love partying with the one and only mfd get to see tomorrow
DOE webinar on Making the Shift from Print to Digital in Indiana.
It's that time again! Bring on the #elemchat :)
Unfortunately, you didn't get that in until our deadline. Now it's, sadly, moot. You got anything else?
shut the hell up, before I get my mom to put so more OIL on you....LMAO
Just bought my #phish tickets for cinci!
52 more days
I want a peanet butter cup blizzard....
can't just suppress 23 years of gut instinct.
NL is always better to watch. No DH = more strategy, better baseball
hey can you follow back? I need to DM you
when that come out
Tried to recall another book from myself. Twice. This chapter is off to an inauspicious start.
"I bet you like to fuck, but you love to argue."
Ive Been Cheated On Yet Again </3 Guess That Was A Waste Of Four Months Of My Time..
more dead authors for your list, : Reorb.it's fellow travelers include the wry , & (just joined us)
This is me sprinkling hugs on all of you, via tweets <3
Bucket list item #32 order sonic in the poring rain
Thanks for the #FF!
I am loving twitter right now, hoot hoot!!!!
ROOYYYYYY!!!! I THINK YOU'RE A USELESS --- not appropriate mals. not appropriate.
Congratulations to Hammes scores in OT and secures the 2011-2012
SWALLOW the TEAM so I KNOW ITS REAL
AWH YOU GUYS NEED TO DATE ALREADY !!
thanks Britt! Love the amount of chat going on here!
Been so caught up in this tablet
Man, Hilton didn't know what they had in store offering free wifi at RailsConf.
check out these 2 artists that I am working with. www.myspace.com/vaprincessbriana and www.myspace.com/craneproject send me some feeback
I'll miss you guys too. You may say dysfunctional, but you actually accomplished quite a bit this semester.
LoL what are you talking about? The Hunger Games? ;)
RT City time my friend!!
Now back at home enjoying the rain and watching movies the rest of the night ^_^
Thank ya! :D I used to be but I made a new account :P
was nice running into and at runyon. miss u batchs
New Chucks And Skinny Jeans!!! NOW that's More Like It! :)
I just love USA It's amazing <3
I GUARANTEE i wud have never dropped out if ruskin n hickman wud hve nvr combined
maybe Friday. Have to check my schedule. Lol.
Just wanted to thank everyone for their support of our charity poker event on April 7 for the Lupus Foundation.
how's Milwaukee? Doing well?
Thank You So Much ! For the Awsome Review on #YELP #Thanks We look forward to seeing you again!
d{••}b J-Cole - In The Morning
where are you from? Those bracelets are so pretty!
Goodmornin to all (waits)
Some guy went on my ig today, liked six of my pictures, followed me and then unfollowed me ok alright.
I'm slow tonight. :D
no doubt lol
Can I Get A Follow Back?(:
does it let me debug JS errors with the dev tools of the browser?
Thanks for the great chat! Good Night All!
all she wanted was a fab coat.
Should have called ENTERPRISE Rent-A-Car. They'll Pick You Up!
Monsoon Madness deal now posted on Facebook. Will be up on twitter later soon.
Ray Hudson in subdued mode, wiping the tears from his face with his Xavi shirt. Oh well.....
Ask and ye shall receive-1,100 followers, right on the dot! Now that rocks!!!
glad you liked it!! Thanks for the photo! Peace and love!
You can never cross the ocean until you have the courage to lose sight of the shore. ~ Christopher Columbus
We really appreciate you supporting independent music.
Just set my alarm for 10am instead of the normal 3am..working nights for the next 3 weeks is going to be awesome!
Blown away by tonight at #qdc - we remake the world by remembering, practicing, and living towards the only real story.
ur the best, Gay!
long time...greetings from NY!
I miss you hun! How have you been? How's your sister doing? :/
Are u out of ur mind #Girardi?! Take him out!!!!
I just got home and my feet are killing me. I feel like I hiked 10 miles in these high heel shoes. Brand new heels+lots of walking=bad idea!
i need some of tht too...please n thank n :)
good morning, friends!!
She calls me baby and shit lol ahahah. Shes beautiful and she's single and she's around 26 lol hahaha
Make me stronger)))Good morn 4 everybody))
Florida is awesome. Flew over and there were all these random ponds and lakes and waterways. Humid as uck but interested to see more of usa
Virginia Beach here I come.
reading abt "learning strategies." I used to be a "navigator" but am becoming more of an "engager" I think. Fascinated by "problem solvers"
whut? lol sorry for the super late reply :O
well seeing how I am neither ugly or naive.....hm imma go with not shallow
you do mom and tiff got it for me for Christmas but you know I don't wait my shit start on the 1st
oh that's funny sucka!! Lol
Writing out a plan of how a client can use Twitter - is this thing really going to last?
done :P
Oh wow!!! They are simply beautiful!!! Even unfinished!!!! You are so talented!!! <3
I still love it but I've found other things I like :)
you are CrAzY!!! Lol
Chatting with some lawyers about our legal advocacy program to help food allergy parents and individuals in need.
i was a CA National Guard Rigger at 128th QM Light Airdrop, then went to Camp Roberts, CA and worked Range Control.
sounds like you need to write some x86! Hahaha
Montjovet on my mind.
what row did you sit in?
Rockin' my #Xavier gear today to celebrate #MarchMadness! How are you cheering, !?
So nice spending time with you yesterday! Always nice to see the finer things in life!
My sweet kids!
Call us 720-282-0100 to schedule your #FREE consultation. You'll learn how we can help you transform your body and change your life!
I'm hungry but I'm too lazy to get up.
Coaching late today...great inspirational clients...started n NYC ended up in GA...sweet!
Tim,What's good..Glad you still moving ur feet bro
In the end. it's just you and God!
How much are you willing to compromise? Are you ok with just an empty shell of yourself, wondering what could have been?
Been so long since I've been on. Moved from NW Indiana to SE Tennessee. There is a difference in the weather.
I've been hallucinating you, behind other people
we waited around all fucking day waiting for one of your useless retard employees, but no one showed up
The Native Sibling
sbh not a lot of people right now... Some left some are joining in a little
The 2013 NFL Draft is loaded at QB, Offensive Tackle, Safety, and pass rusher...LOADED
Splash Party ad Alleghe - Snowpark.it
Sell,Ok,My B,thought u were a artist
So relieved to be done with such a ridiculously evil group case report.
++ RT : A3: Luckily I have not had a full order go wrong in that I involve clients and have them sign off
and scene and "Mean", Tina's story and the switch up in characters RT
Wow, thank you for going to the trouble to mention me in the interview.
I am so thrilled! I got accepted into evergreen university for psychology this fall! :)
that i would actually want something to happen. because if he asked me that and he has a girlfriend.
RT Rosedale: because we only created new Linden dollars when someone would buy them at a slightly value-increasing price.
yes, very cool architecture. Cannot wait for bike, will be so nice to have a smooth ride again
The #Avengers movie was pretty good, but i still think the best team of #superheros are the Mystery Men
RT can't wait to go to Htown! :) that's where I need to be
It was a great experience, still reeling in it!
Pistol Pete maravich on nbatv now. Back to back games from '70 & '78.
I just heard the new Lou Reed & Metallica track. I haven't been that let down by a track since Guns N' Roses released "Oh My God". It SUCKS
Still contemplating catching #TheAvengers tonight...
Paul Kane for suggesting I read Emerson's "American Scholar" while in London. Fueled my interest in American Studies
Greens Restaurant teams up with us at Fort Mason, Sunday April 29th. 15% off brunch when you mention us. 30% off tickets use SHARE code.
you sauced? lmao
She still drinks cocktails!
that's the problem, everyone courtside of heat/lakers can afford to buy their own. Should have given them to the 300's
You run ur own business? What industry?
“: I’m not shy, I’m holding back my awesomeness, so I don’t intimidate you.”
Today's class was over the Wife of Bath's Tale, which is always great. I like telling the awful "Patient Griselda" for contrast.
Maybe just calm down a little bit if your entire timeline is replies to people who don't follow you
Learning how to cook with ! Moroccan chicken and anarchy are a good mix.
great to hear Tamara Kay at Chicano Studies library on NAFTA and transnational #labor relationships --fascinating!
i just did a triple take....so that's what winning is like...they need a super bowl for everything if that what comes after it.
your not missing anything! Ahahahaha. It SUCKS.
Wow, what a day! About to rock you out and make fun of Casey Anthony ALL NIGHT! HAHA, tune in... -The Valet
I wish I could say it's just a matter of time... but it's taking to long.
Forgot what the fuck I was gonna say
Off to oversee my house inspection
Ditto that! RT : #FlyMeToLondon I promise to be the BEST #Olympics cheerleader OF ALL TIME!
I know right! They were such an amazing cast! :)
Surprisingly, I think I like his mullet thing!
ditto kiddo
I have the TV on mute. It quells the rage some.
I need to go to rio!!!
ctfu ill be up in ten mins
Nathan - I am working on my final line edits for Faitheist right now, and I need to pun a little to get through it.
can somebody say this is seven years of frustration pouring out the Oakland Raiders.this is INSANE!!!!!!,but a good insane.
I must admit was extremely cute in today's vlog. Not that I don't find him so everyday, just today he was more fab.
Hoping for a Viking W today!!!
Hi, Michelle! I'm reading Bone Dressing. I love Syd and her voice and humor! I'll review it on Amazon when I'm done.
haha i kno and I got they pic crystal gave me wen she got they pics taken
Are my earphones worth walking 3 city blocks to my parking garage? Damn I sound like a #lazybitch, but the #SilenceIsDeafening in my office.
bajaja she is not going to since you messed up .lol
Can I make it to the airport in time SMH. Lost make up bag took 40min to find now done with work can't wait to get home to kiddies.
Rock me the fuck out
Ive got my favorite girl not feeling no pain no fear <3 #neverletyougoanniversary <3 love u <3
forgive me for my profanity, but you have to admit that's pretty clever!
I fell asleep listening to some fresh Dubstep music on TV. Whoops. Nevermind. That was just the battle scene in Return Of The Jedi
What a beautiful celebration of slain Chicago Officer Clifton Lewis on yesterday. He was celebrated in full honors...
Annie finished on time at 6:05pm, 6:30 pace. Still ahead of schedule by a minute 15 seconds or so.
NOW Accepting Cover Images!!!!! Send to:
I love ! Yea for !
no never
Do you think that it's to late? Good morning!!!!!!! Think again !
I'm running for president in 2016 on the Fascist ticket. Hey big business, get at me!
Great times in Grants Pass. Headed back to Pdx with ringing ears. Thanks for all the love!
My Aunt said, "The problem with Skype is that you have to look good all the time!"
There's still time 2 make your #bridal #dress appt w/ for SATURDAY, 3/24! Come try on dresses & sample our delicious #cupcakes!
Headed to the #SammyAdams video shoot for his new single "Only One".
Receiving money for something I worked on makes me very happy
shhhh it's a secret ;)
after season 3 or 4, I definitely think it hurt the game because some folks got on who were not ready for TV.
Just give me your bank account information so I can directly deposit into your account.... :-)
It's crazy how we were bestfriends did everything together were inseparable now we have to much pride to say hello or even ask how are you.
Devil Inside - save your money and time.
Back up to 188k w/ 27 left and I got on my table... Let's Do Some DAMAGE
My boyfriends hoodie smells just like him (: <U+2665>
Please keep spamming me so I can block you all. You know who you are. I am a one woman blocking machine!
People need to learn how to wear deodorant.
hahah typical Francisco lol :)) me too! Have fun.
I.. I don't know what to tweet
.RT: : are more of your jobs at your expos ones that require transferable skill...
Chinese takeout with my daddy(: movie night with Brandon later<3
Very useful to know for one of my current projects--thanks!
~thanks for answering my questions.
that had to be expensive
NKY Ed Council receives recognition re: collective impact from John Kania,FSG during plenary session
Also, I didn't send 15 tweets TO B&N. There were 15 Tweets in the conversation. Only sent 1 go B&N.
Help a 3-month-old fighting cancer. Follow
thanks for the RT!
The sky looks angry right now..
Air France+Aliens?
Lol my knee brace came off during half time and I stopped dancing because I was laughing so hard.
But Even better If She Got a Mean shoe Game
I think I will be firing up the grill tonight!!
we're looking forward to it! We have a lot of work to do.
don't die on me, I go crazy
Is a must-follow in the Valley. Find more insight from what he tweets than most tech blogs out there.
RT : Download NOOK app to e-reader or phone! The Barefoot Executive is going to be a STEAL tomorrow!! Sign up for Daily...
Great questions from Towson's #mcom333 class during our social media discussion. Enjoy spring break! Thanks to for inviting us.
haha, Haha, I had to look up who that was.
That moment when you text someone from another part of the us and you say your eating pals an they're like...What's Pals?
We make a living by what we get, we make a life by what we give.
the producers are dying of laughter lol
my bad... Lol... Impromptu
Raising awareness for America's homeless youth - LOVE connecting with like minded folks - bring 'em on
There's no need to worry, all we've got is time... We're young!
Banana or peanut butter bagel this morning?
More thunder and rain?
I am here to stay RT : glad your gone, now that you don't have a job you can resume your position 's
happy birthday!!!!!!
Hopefully they will have them for the ever important November election!
RT : Thinking of redecorating your cloakroom? Don't be afraid to use bold colours and designs. See our June issue...
hell yea where's my money
Congratulations again to the Food Allergy Foundation Mother's Day Food Allergy Mom of the Year Jenny Sprague
My sentiments exactly.
RT Looking for to jamming with my friends with the tonight at the Norton Center. If you like cello come on down!
White Mountains loom above hills N of Fairbanks Pilot John points out permafrost line atop ridge
Healthy list O books. Interwebz book club time?
We have quick-fill scholarships on our website :) You should check them out.
Stuffy nose. Scratchy throat. Body aches. AWESOME.
Reading A Monster Calls.
No school for me and ball game later(:
Why did I want to win? Because I didn’t want to lose! – Max Schmelling
You be welcome!
miss you sis! Happy new years!!! Thanks for being my friend and sister!
This really sucks... :'(
Is that Marlowe? So cute!
This new Maroon 5 song is a monster.
Take a look at our new courses! -Succession Planning Program -Customer First Series www.vubiz.com
I'm watching dancing with the stars and I'm voting for fish hooks and Disney star Chelsea<U+E528>vote plzz
Need a therapeutic massage? Come to Healthy Self Therapy and Wellness Center on 19th and K/ Go to www.massagedc.com 4 your $10 off coupon.
I think and I just realized how much we need one another.
Putting the final touches on the NYC bridal editors' event. Going to be in the Big Apple until 3/3. Meet up?
#Employers crow that they will #hire 10.2% more 2010 #collegegraduates than they did in 2011:
How is everyone tonight? still hasn't answered me at Lunch tomorrow.
We've made it this far , so I guess we keep on going .
I feel like i'm in spanish class trying to make up sentences.
where did you get that hoodie??? I want!
The term "librarian" is steeped in a discourse of fear (Radford+Radford 2001), so how about "reference librarians" become "research tutors"?
haha don't feel like responding anymore? Lol
We've just received a big stack of HOUSTON 175! Give us a call if you'd like us to hold one for you to pick up! 713-523-0701
In dedham job hunting
": Maybe I have avocado on my study guide maybe I don't." True mexa
Watching Tucker and Dale vs. Evil. This is one of the funniest movies I've ever seen. I highly recommend. (with Robbin, Chris, and Aidan)
Summer Camp spots are filling - call to book your spot today! 6 sessions available between June 11 thru June 29.
Excited about going to see Fantasia, Kandi and Eric Benet in concert.
two hours from the weekend. can i hang in there? can you?
Thanks for the RT
Enjoying a second cup of coffee!!! Almost time for lunch...
You too! You and were looking sharp!
love it! fab darling and the movie!
Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world: Nelson Mandela
thank you<333
Hmm I might have feelings for one of my exes...We've been texting all day, but I'm not about to tell him that!
Jay Ryan is right
Favorite thing about travelling to Vegas is that, being a local, "Travelling to Vegas" is usually a short walk. :)
It seems to me like Chris Brown is a lil aggressive towards the female species.
waiting for cake. oh yea, and my husband.
Dutty!!!...jus a big up mi long time friend and bredda. Gwaan Bless up yu self.
It's the person who gets out of the shower, dries off and does something about it who makes a difference
believes that whilst Michael Vick messed up big time, he deserves a second chance at his career
I should have done that. DAMNIT
so what r u doing now ?
We're SO close to 200 followers! Please RT and help us reach our goal and spread the word about !
BCuz i see ppl with there sweethearts n i have no one :(.but with my 4 boys makes my valentine day extra especial?love them ?
Life is what happens when you’re thinking up stupid aphorisms.
I just seem to take one step forward and two steps back when it comes to Twitter followers :(
Did it hurt poppin your skin cherry?;) lmao
We've been watching you! Good job and good luck... have a great weekend!
Whats up buddy! How is it we are not following each other til now? Hope all is well.
Romney camp seems to be missing a huge opportunity on Obama statement that the military fights on "my behalf."
Newt is killing them....if he were only a conservative....Just dreaming
I almost got decapitated while riding today. Needless to say, I still want my own horse one day. <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B4><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+008E>
People go hard for what they wanna go hard for.
Exactly, and we borrowed every cent to cover all of that from China
Good Morning#Bmore! 2days word is potential. We must make sure that those around us reach their full potential so we all will shine.
“To know you have enough is to be rich.” ~ Tao Te Ching
May be on at 10, may not. It's still a wait and see. Watch till the bitter end and find out :)
Maybe, I just know we avoid underclassmen like the plague, especially early. A few upside picks peppered in might not hurt.
YES. It's been forevers. Miss you too! :(
Google Places allows you to reach your customers using a convenient medium!
:/ there are some cruel people in the world.
so now u have changed ur mind about him after bashing him calling him a horrible ss
I love your mom so much :) best dinner.
If the man can wait he don't think ur worth the wait. If you cant wait then its not that serious to you obviously.
...And I know I'm complaining about Facebook on Twitter.
Where will you be tomorrow night?
Your very welcome(:
RT : RT : Text "Beer" to 34763 to be registered to win 2 tickets to the Winter on Feb. 11 - and...
& it better not rain the day of prom !!
My hero! I'm on my way!
Fck it I'm tired I ain't getting up -__-
Needing to re-dye my hair. . .
Debut single "JUST GO!" by CANNABIS at www.youtube.com/opnytv
Myanmar's Opposition Leader Takes Her Seat in Parliament - New York Times
Great to have you here Steve!
Sounds cool, but what do you mean she broke the Chanel News? Brad Pitt?
Nothing can stop me! That's what she said.
lol i don't know if I can hook it up to my fancy television. That thing is old school
Happy Friday everyone!! Here's this week's #DC fun fact: #Seinfeld's #puffyshirt is in the #NationalMuseumofAmericanHistory :)
National Basketball Association Playoff Game Capsules - Chicago Tribune
No I am an actress.
it didnt work ;,(
That moment when you feel accomplished for beating a hard part in a video game. That moment after when you realize you're very single.
Carmel's The Art of Wine Festival tonight from 5-10pm. I hope to see you all there. Well all of you over 21 that is.
Join me and of at "In the Mix" 2012! May 17th, 6PM At Aurum Lounge Midtown ATL! INTERESTED IN RADIO? BE THERE!
Great interview, what is atmosphere like in Austin? Big weekend remember to wash behind your ears and tie your shoes. Have fun!
What?! Are you sure you're drinking Guinness?
St. Thomas or St. Croix?
kobe is getting old:/
since me and dont have class together anymore we havent talked in forever! i miss her soo much </3:/ freakin farias! >;/
thanks for visiting!!! :)
Thanks to everyone for the texts, prayers, messages, calls, tweets, and visits. I am very blessed to have such great family and friends
Listening to Songs like No Air makes me remember how great of a song it was
It really annoys me that every time they get back together, I end up getting ignored or they barely talk to me. Womp.
It's safe to say that nothing lasts forever. This night cannot escape tomorrow. We'll keep moving on.
Today 11AM The Other Side Radio w/ on 1480 w/ Jeff Thompson from Washington Times & Politricks
RT : ha! RT : About to sit down Samberg and tell him he's not going to play the President. This part of the job isnt easy
Twestie... I'm in a deep depession... I lost 3 followers :'( how's it goinnn?
Is it more film or print work? I could not tell what try2dudgeme was about. Can you tell me? Aaron
you want to drive a few hours upstate?! Hey I'll be there!:)
Destin is my number one choice!! I love all that the area has to offer!! and I've felt that way for years!! I love it!!
Hopefully I'll be seeing you around sometime man! :)
The loose ends have been tied. I'm off for a relaxing weekend with my favorites (Scott=world's best husband & Penny Lane=world's best dog)
Happy Monday Huskies! Good luck on finals!
how can you even think about alcohol right now?!?
Absolutely miss judged how suck I still am. Going to the office turned out to be a stupid idea
anytime ur welcome and thank u for the shout out too :)
Typographic choices are made with the intent to deceive (see Trajan use by backs and beer)
He was released from jail. NOT from the Broncos!
All good is hard. All evil is easy. Dying, losing, cheating, and mediocrity is easy. Stay away from easy. Scott Alexander
Yay!! RT Looks like this week is going to be gorgeous
Ah my bed feels good. #comfy tweet
<==I am making some serious changes for me!
my first day of summer break and I am driving to muncie. I feel like I am doing this wrong
Sure appreciate your FAVORITING my tweet! All best, my friend.
I have been called out on to appear at . Unfortunately, I won't be there this year. 2012 is the year of few cons.
what icon? :/
Oh my god!! That just happened! Ahahaahaa!!! XD
agreed (and I am a blond.)
Lyle Lovett is a sexy name
Knowing a person is like music, what attracts us to them is their melody, and as we get to know who they are, we learn their lyrics.
told me ill always be second best to this other guy
candidate's desired salary range: $40k to $600k (yes, hundred) - now THAT's someone apparently open to negotiating..
Because "millennials" are way more narcissistic than the baby boomers saddling them with a mountain of debt, so selfless of them!
I biked to work today for the first day of "Bike to Work Week." Did you?
Delightful sunny cloudless spring day in Montgomery County rich with birds' singing . . .
Pandora radio to listen to your fav tunes for free! Epicurious for all the best recipes! Koi Pond for mindless fun!!!
God breathed ...
Yes, my mom is 80ish and still worries about her kids/grandkids going first. You want to dodge that bullet 4ever
Yea that is bad! You gotta watch more football LOL!
great pix bro
Coming up from the will talk The Best 2010!
Beer isn't the only thing I like
Ever since the Cary News left Cary, they don't warrant a 2nd look from me. is a much better news source for our town.
#BOYFRIEND10DAYS ! SO EXCITED TO HEAR HOW GREAT #Believe IS GONNA BE! <3
the more men join the better. Think of all single parent HH putting kids at disadvantage emotionally and academically.
no clue. It was just briefly mentioned in the hair loss chapter. I can get you the book details tomorrow if you'd like.
salty I missed Jerry Springer this morning!! my day is runinedddddd
It's just a girl problem, haha.
songs?! More than one?? Yay((:
naw, yall lost...i said yall were close, not winners! try again today homie...
Going into the studio this morning and maybe something will happen, I never know.
Your presentation was definitely among my favorites. Thanks for sharing it with us!
what shade of navy blue?
Since I have a car, I will be posting when I go between and #AAM2012 incase anyone needs a ride.
: in that case, i'm guessing MS Word objection is that, if not used carefully, PV can easily make whole mess of obfuscation.
srry if i said sumthing to offend u 0__o
"I'm buzzin"
me neither
you're so awesome! Another big highlight was eating at Taco Treat too...ha!
Haters cant SEE me.....Nose Bleed Seats!!!!!!!!
A Seriously Sneaky Coachella - LA Music Blog (blog)
Mom throws Nicki's Ex under the bus in 3,2,1.
That midget with the lazy eye is now standing next to me! O wait, its just a guy in a wheelchair with a lazy eye :D Mybad
Can't wait to head to Whole Foods!
"Clear alcohols are for rich women on diets." - Rob Swanson, killing it, again.
housewives of the o.c.?
RT : National Weather Service thinks #HurricaneIrene has potential to be so insane they're changing name to
Man fuk u derrick fisher
LOL! Mary and Joseph were definitely part of the 99%
Aw shucks, , I got lots of girlfriends. is just my Bottom Bitch. #DoYouKnowWhatIAmSaying?
The people in our district don't want or deserve negative campaigning.
#digitalsignage and #ooh screen owners, learn how to add locbit on to your and start monetizing your screen with local content.(video)...
I've said it a thousand times already, I don't have any friends. I don't need friends either. I have music. (:
RT : Congrats to Columbus City Africentric girls. STATE CHAMPS
HAPPY NEW YEAR EVERYONE!!!! NEW YEARS IN THE SMOKEY MOUNTAINS, NICE:) A LITTLE LIGHT,A LITTLE LOVE,A LITTLE DRINKI,A LOT OF FUN!! B SAFE
5% off all electric strike sales over $100. Call (323) 731-2561 and use the promo code 7750
Grip the football
follow me ill direct message it
I'm so excited for you
"Our teenagers lack identity" -CNN
r u ok
oh noes. feel better, lady...
Old People move so slow! Lmfao
oh it gets better. trust me lol
That was the most amazing nap,I've took (:,Now I'm not going to be able to sleep at night D;
Sad, but true.
“: I think Howard Stern is the best thing to have happened to #AGT.”
McDonalds breakfast vs Burger King ?
Come to the #AAPC Welcome Reception, scan our custom QR code & enter to win a NEW iPad! Bring ;-)
I went into the trailer with zero expectations and came out impressed. If nothing else, looks like they're using every cliche
Pants on fire. Is Red really out that late?
#FF these positive people who lift up others
Hope everyone is having a wonderful weekend! time to get at Anne Rice's new novel The wolf gift.
Kick off Memorial Day weekend in style - PIRANAH, NOISECULT & DESTINED @ Bench Warmer in Huntsville, AL. 9PM. 19 + Up, $3.00
I have school in like 6 hours and im not tired at all. :P
Emily's going to the signing, I'm going to the today show
fine, you win :( haha
#Dubuque! Hurry! Tune into the 10pm news on KCRG & KWWL. We'll be promoting ! We're here until 11pm! So come see us! HAPPY...
This is the second night in a row I've woken up in the middle of the night feeling like I'm in the arena.
5 oz FREE! Let's go let's go! Have a hot cocoa after haha.
Salad tossing....I ain't talking bout a buffet either.
Yes, Durham was the only county where for vote was < 25% it is showing red which the legend states as between 25-50%
With tonight's win over Iowa St., do you think UT Men's Hoops has solidified their spot in the NCAA Tournament? Let us know!
I'm really hot from far away.
love the homework and structure of my marketing tutes. hate the class.
Is using Gracie Jiu-jitsu to dress unwilling 1 yr olds wrong? B/c let me tell you its RLY convenient.
We offer 10% discounts for teachers, police, fire, & veterans for any purchase at our store.
hi jack
“: Lord, bless our week. May we understand that nothing in this world happens by chance” Amen.
Thanks 4 all ur help! Prepping for a mass overhaul of sheets shared with vendors, integrating link feature. =brilliant!
RT Think Positive.....
yanks game postponed on account of the red sox cant find their game
"Mixing it up" on a DJ booth.
I'm 30 years old and I have literally pee'd in every pool I have ever be in. Every single one.
Surround yourself with those of good nature and who will help you to exceed higher.....
Well... The #Saints are screwed for this #NFL season... Villma 1 year suspension, Hargrove 8 games, Will Smith 5 and Fujita 3 games
you must have fell hard to get that print on your back.
Just got back from the NGA. Recommended: the first label of "The Sacred Made Real" exhibit.
Culver-Winton-Main is on our site as the has on their site. We're happy to work w/ you to clarify N. Win Vill.
New endeavor: voice acting
congrats on Japantown!
that baby has done more in her 7 months of existing that I have in my 14 years. She's basically completed my bucket list..
wesabe sounds cool, hope I didn't sound awkward
Is currently walking my brainz out to suffolk downs.
I love that word! It's funny! Ahaha!
Lost in Transition: Ethnographies of Everyday Life after Communism by Kristen Ghodsee G’09, F’05 now available from
RT : Damn girl, you've got a Mubarak. (an ass that won't quit)
for spam prob. good luck : check Settings, Connections, then revoke access for anything iffy & reset p'word
#thingsblackfolksargueabout who got j first
how do you like your new products?! You looked amazing when you left
I'm Jonesin for a title!
SEC Goes After Online Trading Firms That Unwittingly Helped Latvian Hacker
haha yeah and the other one too. :p
same as the # of gAmes UL will lose to the 'cuse
TNT and NBATV
Sean Payton has a lot of balls with that appeal I'm happy it didn't get overturned he's a douche
The man who laughs last, probably didn't get the joke in the first place.
I already beat the game with a mage, so I feel like I should change it up. But mages are so much fun.
People can change for the better & even though they can't take back the past they can change the future & truly take back what they did <3
Awk moment when your friends r getting yelled at in front of you
My style source today? Gene Hackman in the 70's (w/a dose of Royal Tannenbaum). Let's shag ass & get the hell outta here...
Skrillex "First of the Year"
Nice. Sound like someone finally bought a computer..lol..jk.
I never sleep n I got big dreams
Yes I am! Glad to see you noticed tho :D Very observant you are haha. I will. I'll probably go to CM Punk Source or something.
“: McCartney and Springsteen didn't lip sync, why is this guy?”
RT : I viewed my fellow man not as a fallen angel, but as a risen ape.~Desmond Morris
Who do you love?
OMG PRINT IT OUT AND GIVE IT TO HIM LOLZZZZ
The same thing happened to me with a recent Metallica Drum Cover. I disputed the process and my video was not blocked.
look this way then! ;)
me too!! Yay! I'm off to work!
#show puppets #TMZ is the industry update source like the has she heard of Big L
Thanks for hooking us up with Looking forward to checking out some new office digs for MSM!
#ILostMyVirginityTo foreclosure.. It got me good :/ just be careful she's like a door nob more and more people are getting a turn...
haha, help me settle an argument. Why are guys soo obsessed with Pillow Fights?!?!
trivia question.. What happened on this day in 1993 in Chicago sports ???
You are such a drama queen. It's annoying af.
Anyone else hear an explosion/rumble in Menomonee Falls this am?
i can't wait for you!!!!!!!!!! (this is actually from , but i'm sure that the rest of calliope agrees xoxogg
find a use for that key...hey oh! ;)
RT 'See me through the eyes of grace, see me through the cross of love, see me not for what I was before your love in me...'
When someone says they 'work in the sex industry' I always picture them working in this big factory filled with lots of people fucking.
“ What i wouldnt give to have some Pho <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+009C> with my sis i miss her” omg I would <3 that! miss you too !
most def we will link up soon. Still got the same number?
Did MLA expand def of reading w/[print] spec in biblios, or just the medium? "The essence of text is now how we ACCESS it." -Saper
. Thanks for info. Love Spotify. I wondered how they did it.
Forgive and forget is what i do (: <3
Of course, the ladies make it look a whole lot better than we do...
: "I watched NO COUNTRY IN OLD MEN and now I feel like Tommy Lee Jones represents 35mm and Chigurgh is Alexa cinematography."
Peyton, you are my hero!
I can't wait until Christmas
Registered to play a flashpoint #HANDIEGO, !
My seatbelt won't stop locking up on me
Dvr set, don't forget on tomorrow too.
The expo in #LosAngeles was awesome today! Key notes were great!
What are you doing tonight?
Meet & ! Two SF folks who enjoy baseball & are in the Bay!
Seriously-- #TheyNeedToBringBack the original Digimon series. While we're at it, the original Pokemon series. Also, the original Beyblade.
Made it thru one of my busiest days ever! Dropped My Boo off at LAX, worked the dayjob, recorded a voiceover gig, then had 3 auditions!
NN twitter. Thanks for a fantastic weekend.
ignorance is really what should be against the law!
Mohawk holiday party tonight folks!
MLB pitchers love stupid necklaces like Billy Ray Cyrus loves being a bad dad
I didn't get an invite... I refuse to answer!
ur the best
I love Homestead. I've been peach pick and apple picking there - their peaches are especially good.
You're Wearing Shirt That Says Imagine. Nick:When I Imagine I See You Ontop Of Me. You:I Don't Think You Have To Imagine Anymore. (;
Never mind I will do it later I have to go lol
how easy do you think it is to sneak into the zoo i need to see some penguins like right now
If I am the shit then I'm guessing my mom's an asshole.
I don't understand how I work at mcdonalds when I hate people -.- smhh bad mood already >:O
We love ELF!
Sorry again. My password is changed now. Do not open any dm's from me.
My 6th & final #fridayreads with THE FIERY CROSS audio - End is near: Disc 45 of 47! Excellent epic.
Shit I fucking swear right know I'm abt to beat this bitch down.!!!
didn't hear about it. hope the dude wasn't involved.
Just finished Chris Reed show. O hear Hell is still toasty.
Yes, that was 1 of 2 former places it pointed to, other was Sperryville. Seems to be an ongoing reporting battle here :) 20141
it will be....Shannon Clute and I are also on a panel at TCM film fest discussing our noir book on April 12 at Club TCM
popcorn and chicken noodle soup?
Haha. Like I even care! ):<
I know(: I was hoping he would come to Indonesia :(
ItwasandIsaidnotwhat. Punctuate that!
Its happenin just like u said, what's the point of 28s, I caught flight instead, that's word 2 the millions that the puttin up
Food booths and arts and crafts setup lovely...nice vibe going on here
Angel voice. Aw shucks. <U+E414>
GS Carlsbad Bath Remodel is offering 20% off a full bathroom remodel to all Diversity Platinum members......
Unbelievable, Ovechkin puts #Capitals up 2-1 just 13 seconds after #Bruins score.
how long u in champaign
I MISS YOU
awesome! Ill follow any fan of Cena :-)
well.....I have to have mine out TOMORROW morning!! : (
Safe to call it?
ayo Since88 coming soon, so if u liked that Trey Songs track I got more I'm sure you'll love hype it up for me and holla atyaboi
"In true love, you attain freedom." - Thich Nhat Hanh
Good. Babies are disgusting RT : Did you know? More iPhones are bought every day, than babies are born.
my body's tired but my mind isn't.
Twitter is awesome! Love all my twitter followers! I welcome all twitter people. Celeberties are welcome!
Knees and hands are scraped. shoulder is hurting..debating is emergency necessary I dont think so
My best to Tiger Woods.
Family pics today. Ugh so cheesy lol
Open bar 10p - 11p at TenJune with our guest-list tonight (Neesa Models) Pronounced Knee Sa . Pass it on =)
how's Vegas? :)
Life can be mean and nasty. Don't let it harden you up let it toughen you up.
"Man I was going to say something but I forgot."..."Everytime you forget you have to pass the bowl."
thanks for the follow !!!
NBA TWEET OF THE DAY: Happy Birthday Patrick Ewing. Oakley was the real backbone behind that 90's Knick D!
ME TO hes to sex to rezist how old r yhu
The year may be winding down but at Advanced Mailing Services we are in full swing.
q2 - family lunch at the table (since hubby works 2nd shift), park trips and walks
Happy Birthday Jesus!
Just met and escorted Nigel Lythgoe and Alec Baldwin into the Capitol. Happy Arts Advocacy Day!
aw man! I havent been there in months! Its always so packed!
I just laughed so hard I cried!
I probably have it too, haha i dont remember!
Hi everyone. Just let me know timing, and I'll arrange an interview with co-founders, Mike and Karyn Morrill.
RT if you appreciate your freedom!
oops, it's called Nutiva
it's almost halfway there.....
I'm excited to experience Baltimore - any restaurants you'd suggest visiting?
#Weather Bluefield, West Virginia Weather :: 75F A FEW CLOUDS
that why u never use black shirts because then it will looklike u are naked .......oh and by the way fuck u slut freaking <U+E109>
Let me know if it works now
Congrats to who won the ticket & art giveaway for 4/27 DM us to claim your prize!
I'd like to rally for the beach block party with the mermen...
sounds good!
So glad is ok :) then again we all knew he wasn't gonna give up so easily
remember that little exchange, and you will make me very happy.
Thanks for the follow Kari. I look forward to Tweeting business and #fun content.
Were you working at the wedding last night at the JW Marriott?!?!
Twitter is the only place where you get happy when someone follows you.
I chose an Internet Folk radio randomly, hoping to find some music in the "O Brother Where..." style, but found country music instead. :/
One advantage to a vacation interrupted: I get to wish darling daughter "happy birthday" in person!
i love flan. just not. this. minute.
Everything about the Eatery is amazing :)
no I should lol
that will soon translate over to men.
I'll think about it ;)
Visit the new Farmer's Market at Penn Station (N Charles at Lanvale St) every Friday afternoon this summer!
but you turn 18 before me to -_-
is wrapped on filming the Untitled Big Bear Feature (working title) and fighting some sort of bug.
Psalms 68:5 "A father to the fatherless, a defender of widows, is God in his holy dwelling."
Sunday Brunch Is ON at the Blossoming Lotus Now ~ Come By for A Fix and Florentine and so Much More ~ Celebrate the New Year in Lotus Style
I make that in my sleep.
are you talking about me :)
don't wear out your Motherfucking welcome on my twitter
cuz no one calls my sisters,a bitch nd lives t tell about it
thrilled, for sure
#AmITheOnlyPersonThat thinks they need to stop remaking the "Paranormal Activity" movies? They're getting old already!
I did that thing again where I fell asleep with my computer in my bed. And I think we might have cuddled.
Meanwhile and are in a heavy conversation about #horses, tommys favorite subject.
Check out the Scouting Challenge at #SportsExposLV, in which local Boy Scouts will compete to win a $1,500 for their troop!
Hi George Welcome to the CoffeeTalk Jazz family...tweet-tweet
Ginger can soothe stomach upsets w/ remarkable speed. Peppermint is a smooth muscle relaxer. Smooth muscles include the uterus & stomach.
spoon tonight at the 9:30 club! very psyched
Hey I love the stuff - What business are you in?
haha I don't know what your talking about. I would never get a Vegas tattoo haha
we never can truly know who we are
Watching #designstar and I want to be HGTV'd
Had I known it was Iggy's birthday I totally would have played my Iggy and The Stooges record as loudly as possible.
Great! We'll have the video queued up for you to karaoke to! ;P
School in 4 more days. :c
Thank you so much for all the #FF mentions! I missed getting to them this week.
Over $350 raised tonight to fight against AIDS!
#agreed come back:(
Felling sore after getting lost earlier today on my walk. I took a new walking route and 2 hours later got back. Two mile walk turned to six
Great burgers at the I had an avocado burger. One of my fav
I'm not perfect but at least I'm original.
32...i thought i did worse lol
The ELUSIVE Sessions miss! FINALLY!!
yeah it would. However understable with your love for Apple.
When your brother talks about your birthday gift and you can't figure it out<<<<<<<<
Thanks Joseph, will do.
Hey, just yesterday it was, "Hm, maybe we'll make our own URL shortener today," and the cats at the doofus did it. /
Enjoying a nice hot apple cider at Vivace on NW 23rd. Highly recommended when in
Enjoying the buzz in #DC today on #SOPA and #PIPA. Old rule in politics...don't mess w/ guns or football. Now add +
How can you tell if a violin is out of tune? The bow is moving.
me too. and she is making it hand over fist.
First week o o class equals almost done! Just gotta survive Math 366 and two more hours at work...
Why do they call it a crush? Because that's how you feel when they don't feel the same way in return.
That is funny! I should have her ring the gong!
I hurt finger and didn't mean to but I will make it up to her
"O Lord Jesus" Rom. 10:9; 12b-13 ".....and rich to all who call upon Him; For whoever calls upon the name of the Lord shall be saved.”
I won't be purchasing a painter jersey.
- This Momma is for Obama...All The Way!!!! #LOLSmileyFace but
Alright talk about me behind my back because you're too petty to face the music
Lets Go Do This For …
Hi Brant, interested in discussing how Kanjoya's emotional intelligence tool allows you to better understand your clients. DM?
I love long life better than figs. --Charmian, Act I, scene ii
Damn those pretzel m&ms RT To burn off one M&M you need to walk the full length of a football field-think about a whole bag
#CRE #SBA #LOAN We are now offering a limited time promotional price of $199 for our SBA Records Search with Risk assessment reports!
DONT EVEN start with me \(-___-)z I was in a panic shock I was scared
Miami Heat and the 10 Most Annoying Teams of All Time
I dislike when people don't text me back.
Fuck waking up early wish I had no Work in the Morning
This is awesome, thanks for sharing!
I was mystified!
What a sad state of affairs, and poor economic policy, when we turn our backs on health care for those people who are most vulnerable.
Only the good shit smoked in this bowl
Tyra Banks Fires America's Next Top Model's Nigel Barker, J. Alexander and Jay ... - Us Magazine
reply AND follow from !? i think YES! i love Peyton!<U+2764> what a great night this is! #Blessed <21
how does he propose to fight climate change without satellite tech capable of tracking it?
Shout me out for 100$
lol i try em all xD its more fun that way..but runes and masteries are all AP lol
How lovely!
Jessica Biel Shows Off Her Huge Engagement Ring While Out with Fiance Justin Timberlake
Chevy! Never a Ford!! Just not from hubler.
Craig Sonner, after saying he doesn't know where George Zimmerman is: "I'm not going to say anything about where George Zimmerman is."
in my 3rd class with , and we're digging into javascript/jquery. really, i'm just here for the stickers and nametag
Sometimes it doesn't make sense. I'm tired of being that best friend you share everything with and you don't really know what you're missing
DREAMers, feetintwoworlds.org is looking for you to share your story in a video. Send your story to
I want a beta code. I bought splinter cell conviction for that but paint spilled on it while painting my bedroom
whenever your felling bad about not going to school remember the reason why your not. Think of all the stuff you can do now :)
keep an eye on the Flag football facebook page.
There are way to many people in this class for a Monday...
just painting...
Let me get this straight, My tweets go to facebook, but my facebook status does not tweet? WHY?
MLK Day event at Sears!?!?! Really? MLK to sell appliances? Is nothing sacred?
you are great I hope you are starting off your night wonderfully!!!!
I just wanna go to the campground already....
YOU ROCK! Thanks so much for the combination option!
Gene Youngblood: "Scarcity is the foundation of social control in democracy, but we now have an abundance of information/diverse voices..."
About to force myself back to sleep.
Trayvon Martin, is tragic! What's more tragic is the Blk male who killed another last night! No rallies
"The flower girls are drunk again"
"Sucre's Pop Karma Revolution" opens today till June 23rd at the Downtown Miami Residents & Visitors Center. Great art by !
Shout out: So Ruff Car Show has been cancelled for July 10th any questions look up sofuffmagazine.com Thanks!
One of the prettier own goals I've seen.
Playtime at Southwestway Park later, then taking the kids to Orange Leaf. Gonna be a good day!
Look into my eyes u can see once a scared lil boy but now u can see the anger that pushes me 100% American made
Enjoy your trip! Give Spain a big hug for me.
Me & have gotten all of our friends into kelvin-ing. We are not safe anymore
Harris constables rake in thousands with eviction fees - Houston Chronicle
getting crushed by retweets....
Black Lacquer is Getting Lucky tonight.
Bout to some lunch chicken tenders n fries bout to go dwn
yup I know. I talked to him last week
Aww, man. RT Sounds like Santorum has been ...[sunglasses] ... Wiped out.
Join us tonight at 6 p.m. for a short family performance by students followed by a Q&A session.
"It is our choices...that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities." - J. K. Rowling. <3 <3 <3
At least somebody can gain yards running.
How about that! Just ran into smiling face! Love the chance encounters in this town!
Haha! RT : My jeans are mad skinny today. I hope I don't see any hot cougars
The Supreme Court takes up curse words on TV today. Tune in to "The Morning Show" to find out why.
We have the chat room open during every live show and during the broadcast of my show.
hadn't thought about it that way. Good point. Best shot for all 3 east teams. Probably bigger for Ovi then.
Most ppl do exciting things on vacation, but when I go on vacay I always seem to end up in my PJs b4 9PM watching #VH1's
'WWE TLC': Available on DVD Tuesday
tough loss :/
Forever21 Jewelry shopping(:
THANKS, we are on it!
If #Ibuprofen upsets your #stomach - Hieber's makes it in a cream for you! 412-681-6400 www.hiebers.com
Come visit us for dinner. :)
Question; Which NBA teams have won championships, without having a great front court?
I think Im slowly losing my Asianness. Went on vacation and only took 4 dozen pics, not the typical 40 dzn
ok, imma hit you later then, iight
#idontunderstandwhy people are so fake online just to get attention... Oh I'm being a hypocrite now... Jk I'm real ;P
At this time 10 years ago, I was single. By the end of the day, I was married. Best day of my life.
What is everyone doing for the Super Bowl? Home? Bar? Coming to Highland Tap to hang with us?
Well, that was just super. ):
Clapped too early clueless Sox fan.
RT : regarding soriano: "when are they gonna bench this guy? i swear i saw him swing at a pick-off throw!" OH on 670 The Score
#ThingsThatBoredPeopleDo watch old movies
When somethings bothering you but you just say you're tired.
He's the last QB Holmgren will pick for the Browns. If he's very good, add to list of QBs he picked. If not, Holmgren will be out
will do, thanks.
I totally would go but I don't think my mom would let me drive to michigan :/
put it in some glasses, then drink it. Repeat as necessary.
Hello, little Show/Hide hover-state pop up on the Favorites in OS X's 1.7.3 Finder. So you're the one who's been driving me insane.
ok this is horrid. 30 was horrible hoping for a surprise ending
the stress was worth it. #'bres
That "90s hip hop" reference was all you! I almost threw in my love of Hall & Oats but I didn't want to be judged.
it works! Gotta put the quarter in the right slot!
i hear you! i need a PJ day.
RT “: If you're in the Salt Lake City area- I am giving a talk at Salt Lake CC April 2nd... stop by:)”
im offended by the idea of "girlie handshakes"! Limp handshakes are bad, no matter who gives them.
Thanks! you should see my ameblo page =p
i spotted him first :) lol
oh such a sweet pic!
Boobie Miles? RT Big K.R.I.T and Freddie Gibbs get constant rotation in my household.
Coming really, really soon care of
automatically creates a mobile version of your blog or website, - #7smtrends [need to check this out]
that's good (: ,ive been good too
on to better topics than the uninformed creationist Kirk Cameron. How will the Gunners fare against Liverpool?
I'll be here!
Really Inspiring Person ADELE. that girl shared her whole love life with the whole world. that takes balls
Have your organized all this out reach marketing? Sorry the inner VP of Sales and Marketing is coming out in me.
Happy birthday to my sisters today!
Great running into you and at the grand opening last night! So glad to hear you had a blast!
: Doing well! Thanks for asking. :)
just followed
Can't believe I am sitting with and
Protesters circling Capitol chanting Our House.
#UTSAShowcase be there!!! Thursday!!
considering a fine red wine <VENTI size> to cap off a helluva a day! whew!
This week I'm going to see the Seahorse Exhibit at the monterey bay aquarium! :-)
all gold tonight
tonight.. we are young.
Turbos were designed to make good cars faster not to get your massive suv off the line and up to 10mph.
kevin costner is heart felt!
Thank you! RT : congratulations!
When things aren't going quite the way they should, it's always good to ask yourself "to what extent am I stumbling over my own feet?"
Got handed a thunder 2012 shirt to wear at work tomorrow. I'm okay with that.
Yes, $1,000 is a major gift for some nonprofits. What's important is building donor relationships and asking when appropriate.
Clark county sheriff's office reports Vancouver's Hudson's Bay High teacher Candace Morrison died in horse riding accident yesterday
Of course, I only got up about an hour ago so use me as a role model at your discretion. ;-)
guess its almost time for Thunder to strike its Lighting on the Lakers. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089> I love teasing u.
Jackson takes this tragedy and expands into claim of widespread anti-black racism. Home foreclosures???
OMG! another year older #Happybirthday to me...haha
omg I know :(:(:( how you been?xx
Ironic End of the World Party, Part Deuce
yeah bull
Good work hours this week! :D
“: how can I submit for this year please?!” online accepting submissions soon! Stay tuned for details
I'm here waiting to see in my followers list...
Still finding it really slow but trying to see what others love about it.
follow my good friend I do work with him and he is dropping a demo soon to gain fan support. FOLLOW HIM PEOPLE!!
infinite arms more like infinite yawns, am I right?
Basement finish get tour done
your so gorgeous and ily please follow me!!!:)
Happy New Year to all my Friends!!
Uh oh.now. I'm worried
Happy Birthday to
Amen! Only make it spf 30! RT Never step out without a SPF15 sunscreen
the hell is wrong with your parents?
Reminder: Inspired Yoga starts in 10 minutes so grab your mat and join me at www.Physiic.com for this Live, Interactive, Online class!
I am getting a little annoyed at ppl knocking NC. It is the 32nd state to pass this amendment & the ppl spoke. It's democracy at work.
hello from California. Thanks for following.
The" Movie Sparkle "is next
We've put more effort into helping folks reach old age than into helping them enjoy it
Stay tuned to earthmatrix-dot-com for new material coming about 2012 & the Maya end-date cycle. 2012 is upon us...so, stay tuned.
#what2chainzwouldsay yo girlfriend super black with pink lips so I call that bitch pussy face
Combining allergies, fasting and vegan? May as well add suicide and be done with it.
obv. Let's do it up.
Room for the trip booked
#69Factsaboutme 49. I love playing my guitar.
This is going to be such a bore <<<<<<
Temple running?
Happily writing-revising-repeating surrounded by nice people, horses and cows. Moo!
Serenading my mom on this long ass car ride. Sunshine here we come
I should have a salad today. Must. Resist. Pho.
Flying to Austin today for #TCEA12. Will I see you there?
Happy St. Patrick's Day! We are open at 10am! Bruins game at 1pm! Come down for some great Irish Specials!Live music all day!...
he wont catch the new one jus serve time on the old one 30 days max
Why are boxing rings square?
oh you know I will! Im gonna be soo lost with you and ella both gone!
Fern, I just reviewed your website: awesome. I will employ your writing tips immediately. Thanks again for kind words on my blog.
Hello Thanks for being a new follower and welcome to our twinning tweets!
At Iwo Jima Marine Corps Memorial with former Marine John Justice! Semper Fei!
In a way it feels like I didn't get any sleep but somehow I did its crazy oh well life goes on
remember when Indiana almost won a wnba championship and no one realized it
Good reads, great prices! Metuchen Library Annual Book Sale on the Library lawn TOMORROW!!! 9AM 480 Middlesex Ave Metuchen NJ
Do you live anywhere near where the Giro starts?
Merry Christmas Eve! We are open today from 10am to 6pm for all of your last minute shopping needs!
Grandma Max?
bubble guppies
LarryBrown contd 6--bringing in Norman Dale on his staff 7--maybe even Dale Brown, maybe even Gene Keady 8--career wins at MadisonSqGarden
Just downloaded my free audio files from Check it out!
If I don't #hashmarkBS something my tweet isn't heard
How about Europe? Delta's got a great sale from NYC to select cities starting at $239 RT! You only want to go to the Bahamas? $119 RT!
Found my old high school graduation dress in my closet and fell back in love, might wear it to senior ball instead...
Reasons y I will not leave SD 1) Great job 2) I live 15 mins from work 3) We all saw "The day after tomorrow"
i hope so and thanks (:
CEO Kathleen Feely "Data should just be part of any job in child welfare services, it helps workers make better decisions."
Spending some time with my family before I head to the airport to go home. I wish they were coming with me.
60mph highway food fight with !
My last tweet....ahah today I bought a mag just because it had 6 amazing 1D posters :)
I would love to read Kim Kardashians page of her telling us to fuck off...and Brad Pitt...and Obama..boy Twitter would be the bomb..
That's what makes you beautiful
So excited I teach #CoreFusionYoga three times this week! One is for #WellnessWednesdays ! Let's rock it !
so of the remaining goalies whichh one is the weakest? SC NHL
We still are. He's with me every day. If I only knew then... :)
Also unknown? The number of Claeys peppermint candies mine mouth hath consumed in one sitting.
So stoked right #GoBrowns Cmon down to the Dawg Pound T Rich!
SoMe risk & recruiting per : "Delete" does not mean "delete", 55% to spend more on social ntwrking, 18% use to screen
Way to go! RT : I just put my foot in this CD audition The CD liked my work very much!
I hate always having to say, "I can't. I have to study." I wish people would stop asking me to do things! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>
I like Goldschmidt a lot, but he has a lot of Mark Reynolds in him....
Our next volumes come out in the Spring.
omg this guys breathe
I must not have been living...where did the singer MIKA come from and why was I kept from him for so long!!! I am living for MIKA today!
Goin down north to visit Unk!
And according to Epimenides, this sentence is false.
Happy Passover and Easter to all! Enjoy your weekend spending time with your loved ones!
Wassup with this block party
in your face
Merry Christmas Eve :)
I tweet again!
Al Horford is coming up clutch right now
lotsa layers to get that wall-of-sound! Experiment well, guitar-man!
#KnowThySelf RT : Running toward my dreams, tripped over reality and hit my head on the truth.
#thatawkwardmoment when you are stopped at a light and they guy in the car next to you is shaving.
Exams are always the worst .
Cutler, with his second year in Mike Martz's offense, could put up QB1 numbers
Send us a link to your Vimeo page! Let's be friends!
Congrats to Jo beth Locklear yet again for her short film booking!!! She's on fire!!
Anyone ever have this problem in #gmail? Phone says 24 unread emails, desktop nav bar says 7, none show up in my inbox.
Working a blood drive.
so much swag
Shout out THANX FOR THE FOLLOW.
~Look Scrumptous* N Tha Rite Places:-)
I will keep watching Star Trek: The Next Generation. YOU CAN NOT STOP ME.
Los Angeles, CA --> San Francisco, CA
now it's Berkman Ave. ha.
At LeDroit Park Civic Assoc meeting, rep for CM Orange told me " you should run for DC Council, your so smooth!" um been there done that!
Getting Real serious about the music biz! Now!
T-SIZZLE!! Get well man!! We gonna see you on the field in November!!
I was all-in only three times in ME: won as 90% fav, won a (huge) flip, and lost as 62% fav. I was dealt AA once, and won blinds. Busted no1
Excellent work... All those depicted look questionable as guilty or innocent.
check out the "Best of 2010" photo albums on my FB page. Cool shots, great people...
LOL. I love tony's lines.
Keep us posted with your interview! I bet you nailed it.
Follow back? Please :)
hahaa that's hilarious that would happen to you!
Yes, I am! Let me know if it's okay with the others. :) Thanks!
Our HOULIHANS waiter legit just gave Megan and Margot money. Gave a $10 & he gave $15 back!
haha, go eat!
no nicotine, I suspect.
No one will ever be able to take June 12th, 2011 away from us.
When I look at them, I see pieces of you and pieces of me and all the beautiful magic it brings to the world.
Lmao ....... ANGEL IM GOING TO KILL YOU !!! NOW RUN BITCH !
wth is this world coming to????? Prayers to the baby and his family
So glad to hear it! Enjoy the show and congratulations!!!
Sure, but they're hitting very well. Maybe they'll suck next year, but seem good now. And mediocre in AL = good in NL
lulz. Same logic extends to supporting anyone with the "R" or "D" tag... they should all just have Goldman logos instead.
It's hard to fight tho when all the cons/baggers do is lie like they do and their sheep follow them religiously...sad!!!
pinned you. liked it.
is listening to Markus Schulz and retouching images for Tom Whitmans new SIZE posters
best feeling ever
i would go but i don't think i can :p
And I'm black yall.. and I'm black yall and I'm blackedy black, cause I'm black yall.
Thanks, jason! How was your weekend?
All SIGNS say that Tesla and Scorpions are gonna rock Shoreline this Friday!!
Fuck it I faked it
Perkins Coie in D.C. has added Andrew Shipley, formerly of Northrop Grumman Corporation and John Henault, formerly of Cooley, to its govern…
Thanks! :) Great meeting you at
and put on an amazing acoustic set. Always wonderful seeing them. (:
Strictly Roots cafe in Harlem, USA is the bomb. com!!!!
Bostonians are invading our franchise with their anti-Midwest mentality! We must fight back!! Grab some sunflower seeds and
I wouldn't look right skinny O.O
The most critical proverb and the only proverb is, the customer comes first, whatever the business, the customer comes 1st.
Some of our issues come from wanting God to do something instead of trusting in what He's already done. We're in good hands! :)
hope you and Tyson are doing awesome!
has replied to your prom proposition yet?!
just set up twitter on my cell...
"Well, these jpegs aren't going to make themselves." - is really psyched about getting back to work.
4 keys to success Passion Focus Persistence Luck
is laying down a solid discussion about participatory archives
Destinys Child - If (:
Just curious- what are your thoughts Ali? I see their point- but isn't that why moms want to work from home- to be w/kidos?
I've tried half of them - pretty decent. One thing I've learned from the "pros" - they want it as complicated as possible
"You can't out train a bad diet." Unk
feel better baby<3
Coffee black... Stetson hat.. Gun in rack.. Have a great day everybody.
no, but I know what everyone else is getting. :) Are you heading to Buffalo this year?
"Now Hiring. Pay is $500 weekly. We need people to work from home 2hrs a day. You will be copying and pasting messages for us. Hit me up
I'm a little needy because I want you to need me.
": O! RT You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream. - C. S. Lewis"
Hasn't yet been updated for me.
Absolutely. NC State! ACC! Haha, I know it's not your thing, but it's definitely mine!
yeah. It's porn.
fairly oddparents is on! omg!
Had my sobriety baby yesterday. 9 months.
Odd, the years it took to learn one simple fact that the prize just ahead, the next job, publication, love affair, marriage alwa
Have 2 hours to myself. #Paint or sleep? ....... Paint
Making pumpkin muffins with random street pumpkin I scrounged yesterday. I believe in recycling. And muffins.
when shall we expect you? :)
Tragedy Called Truth. Concert Series. Oct 26? Plan to be there. And get get there.
awww I'm happy for you...so what u doing now?
www.arillenblaylock.com is up and running for its life!! :)
I am a contractor in Plano, TX. Serving homeowners in Austin TX.
"you're one of those girls I want to marry just so I can fix their last name." - Matt Shore
idk i never tried
i dont mean to bother you but my friends in tiny chat wont stop bothering me and keep saying to get you in with us can you? please?
Like on fb & help us reach 500 fans(likes). We will be giving out a FREE photoshoot. www.facebook.com/mindmystifyingdesigns
I would just like to say that throughout all the years that I've been a liar, not once have my pants caught on fire
Still registered with GoDaddy? Transferred all my domains this morning
They are the most efficient napkins
" Make like a tree and leave "
Has Theo made a decision the future of Ronny Woo Woo yet?
From her tree-toad bower, With her three-toad power, The she-toad vetoed him
yea, looks like everything is back. We're always watching on our side, but if you see anything else, tweet us.
Follow me 4 free!!!
wrote a new song, recorded it, and I like it. I have no idea what it is about...Hm
Please Follow Me Back <3 :)
I LOVE OR coast.
Hi Erica, thanks for the follow! Back at ya!
RT : Just because I choose to be positive, doesn't mean my life is easy. Joy is a choice. #quote via
Hard Rock Cafe is hosting a Guitar Playing Contest (AxeOffUSA) Saturday 12pm. Prize - $3000 monthly! Come on down Mike Ladd CEO
Alot Of people dont appreciate life cus it was given to us for free....
looked AMAZING last night at #Greystone Flawless as always!
I LOVE YOUR VIDEO. YOUR VOICE IS PERFRECTION
Throat coat to the rescue!!! Hopefully...
I'll no longer be working Wednesday nights as of last Weds. since my successor is taking over. Whoop, whoop!
What time did you go to sleep at? :P
Remember 8-10yrs ago when we were taught Internet users didn't want to scroll & thus to use pages? Now we infinite scroll à la FB & Tumblr.
Am I the only person who thanks my parents whenever they cook me a meal?
Yeah Nino Brown story is fire. So is this concert DVD. Check it out for ya boy.
congrats to & for 50 People recognition. digging the new sd mag logo btw.
if you're a blogger based in new york city, send me a tweet. i have something free to give you. (hopefully, you respond to bribery.)
RT : #isastc Enter into difficult conversations with that attitude of curiosity & communicate respect & love
i aint gun QUIT and i aint going to RUN ima be screaming over here when they come KNOCKING
Much respect to jay leno though!!! Funny guy!!
hey can u send me the links to ur stories plz I read chapter 1 I need chapter 2
Fortunately my dry cleaner doesnt charge my clothes rent. They've been ready since 6/11. I'm too busy and might just have a lot of clothes
Maybe, but only if Apple adds value or lowers prices SOON
#ICantStandPeople who dont like Chipper Jones
yeah let's go with that.
Cami knew the answer to something on Jeopardy tonight: "Hey, I know the answer to that! I actually paid attention in Social Studies."
end of the year contract renewals, wow they take a long time! not to mention explaining increased costs to mgmt & expecting their answer
Emotions make people do crazy things. Lack of emotions makes them do worse.
Hey, cool! Thanks.
What a long ass day....and I still need to work!
ha! Let's hh soon!
what hotel would this suite be in? I'm assuming one of the hotels in Anaheim?
Rumored: Desktops & laptops running HPs webOS later in 2011? Awesome! (Pining for my beloved Palm/Clie devices 1998-2006. Emulator please?!)
I dont have time for dudes who don't have time for me..might as well keep it pushin
no way! we should gather all the librarian DJs and do a music night.
Leaders overcome the death magnets that drain the positive energy from your team.
so i definitely need to get a job n a job to do one a many things n thats to take a trip n see the Canadian French Quarters
why u say damn?
Thank you for checking out our Impulse booth !
Dude texted me asking if I was sleep I texted back yes he said okay lmao dude stupid and can't take a hint !
Got it! It will be up on the TVs and announced over the PA tomorrow!
congrats! That's amazing news -- what an honor and responsibility.
Oh! I'm gonna do that today RT : Should put "Get virtually nothing done" on my to do list. Then I could check it off.
RT : Yes ---> RT : Stop tracking your Influence. Start tracking your Integrity.
What kind of question is that?
Junior Seau RIP - a real football player.
After I said fear I explained it was a mnemonic "Forget Everything And Relax", "Just let your last moment be beautiful memory"
I'm in the mood for the wrong kind of attention.
NO matter how hard the acting biz may be, it is ALWAYS better than going corporate!!
You know youre a redneck if your from a rural area and act as such
on a road trip! finally made it to my destination in MInnesota=] should be on a flight back home either tonight or tomorrow!!!
GUIDELINES UPDATE: New R&D guidelines now posted! Deadline May 16. Draft for review accepted up to 6 wks prior
is having lunch courtesy of Sandal's Resorts.
Still not used to seeing tweets like this. MT : Luke Scott with a long HR to RCF - onto roof of building - for
“: Who is your favorite swamper? Why? We love to hear from you! #SwampPeople” Troy, Tommy and.
RT If you stay ready, you won't have to get ready!
no ha ha I did everything I could for you I bugged mr mcCloud every single day but anyways I gotta go
We can't expect our candidates to be well versed on the issues AND produce quality sound bites to replayed ad nauseum, can we?
Too many late nights this week thanks to the caps. But it's all worth it if we win
WITTY WED: I asked God for a bike, but I know God doesn't work that way. So I stole a bike and asked for forgiveness.
Shot to the heart without breaking skin, nobody can hurt you quite like friends... Arie! Dope
When and where is the public discussion taking place on April 19 regarding CEO Paul Jablonski's proposed salary increase?
LOOKING GOOD AT MINK AGAIN !!!! MINK SUNDAYS !!!!
I don't want to be totally impatient but is three minutes enough time?
UPCOMING EVENT MMA FIGHT OCTOBER 9TH 2010 IN Las Vegas www.myvegaspeople.com contact MVP for your rooms and tickets
ah but you are a day early with a chance for a good night of sleep. Before you party hearty/hardy
At Acton Jazz Cafe to see Jerry Bergonzi, "The Tenorist"! This guy truly has a unique voice. Every Wednesday night here.
At spurs game halftime 54-45 spurs up
Mr. Belding is on Mad Men
<333 Thank you n.n! I really liked your music so I wrote it on my facebook status too cx
McGarry: the longer a probationer or parolee is on supervision, the more chances to screw up (not necessarily involving new crimes)
Say werrrd! RT Oftentimes haters are just confused admirers .. Ignore em
3 of 6 first round #NHL value picks have come through. All 3 were underdogs: #LAKings +179, #Caps +192, and #Predators -103.
This is why i don call anybody my "friend"... They always end up fucking disapointing me.
From an Eagles fan: Ronnie Brown. Jeremy Maclin. Michael Vick (for bad press conference skills). Eagles entire defense and coaches
I'm finna get on the Party Line!!! On Stone!!
Yes that will happen for sure. Gonna be showing Molly's sis the town Sat, you two should hang. Weenie dog races and cinco de mayo
having my tia on facebook << shes liking everything -_-
I'll be pulling for OSU to win it all because I think it's bad for college basketball if Kentucky wins...it's hard to pick against Ken tho
yep, most twitter apps work like that
AUDJPY is for now respecting channel.
Murder in Muskego = Crime Fiction Writer Nirvana!!! Can't believe it's over--I miss everyone already!! &
No, no, no migraine. I forbid it.
- bottles and models bruh. Bottles and models
entering the stage of demo tracking where the band argues about the title of the untitled song
Glad she's okay! :) My Jack Russells' send their love! Now you can breath a bit better!
God, such an amazing moment. I hope they show it tomorrow.
just high jacked twitter.
Since when are the Spurs like... super close to OKC? 40-13 and 36-14? I need to check the standings more often :P
Best time ever.
exactly, who joined in on this because I know of two people who arnt supposed to be lol
Follow Friday #FF innovative SXSW contacts
And I guess that's why Egypt has allowed to build rocket factories in the #Sinai - because MB swore off terror! Huh?
Your *grandmother*? Either I'm old or she's a funky cook! RT : my Silver Palate is full of my grandmother's handwritten notes.
I feel like Wes Anderson could have made a gangbusters movie about Un's North Korea.
Anyone have $2 billion laying around? Check the sofa cushions, it could have fallen in there. Let's go see what we can buy with that.
free candy? You can bet at 2:01 I'll be hunting you/it down!
The randomness of Twitter is a beautiful thing. Avocado is now trending. Yummy!
Why???? You think you can come?!(:
Try not to be distracted at work today by thinking of all of the different beer on tap for our $10 tap beer special tonight.
Question regarding the development of black students & black scholars in 20 years.
Finished all of my schoolwork for the semester. Thesis corrections are the only thing standing in my way of graduation!
at 6AM I barely have the energy to hit snooze lol
Thanks for the #FF's ! If u give me a #FF shoutout I will give u one as well! (:
M SEXY X
... Another one bites the dust
lol, too funny. You gotta earn that change and buy some more colors ASAP.
*cautious pre-relief high five in anticipation of you feeling relieved, after which high five hugs will fly like rockets*
A single idea can transform a life, a business, a nation, a world. - Dan Zadra
Trust is the easiest thing to lose and the hardest thing to get back.
Have you got your taxes done? I can help
Wtf why is peach ciroc trending in Detroit?
RT : Tonight President Obama will be addressing a joint session of Congress to share a plan to create jobs and grow our......
Whatever! Stop your ranting already! Show me where his term began with A! You repubs just love to repeat...no individualism!
hope costume designer Eiko Ishioka gets loads of posthumous praise near awards season this year for her outstanding work on MIRROR MIRROR
"We are all in the same boat, in a stormy sea, and we owe each other a terrible loyalty." G. K. Chesterton via Ken Pope
Of course, assuming the thing would ever get built is quixotic but it's not like they'll use the airspace for anything else.
Beware the boring political movie directed by George Clooney!
Hmm..Power out in the neighborhood. Isn't this the point in the movie where I go downstairs and get killed? Staying put.
how 'bout sam and eric (or samneric)?
Tired and ready for bed...
Mine too, but what shall we do?
okokyeah it's too late to start recording vocals. lol mañana! <blowing out candles>
I saw PD on TV at TMS in FTW this AM. Love the accent!
both odds come to ends
Don't forget Wednesday Weekday Lunch-time Farmers Market 2/8 11am-2pm. Rain-or-Shine!
Happy Pancake Day to All...
the stopwatch box at phillips rec center at Springfield is not displaying information. Instead, it is displaying a login screen
Mini golf with a bar.
hey could you follow me back.?:)
Such a promising night ended up so messed up.
I'm available for either/both. :-)
Going to be in W. Palm Beach in a few weeks - Any thoughts on where to go for some solid BBQ?? looking forward to warmth and no snow
If I were to describe Lou to anyone I'd show them this pic its seriously him in a nutshell
Can everyone please follow help her get to her next goal RT please k just go follow her
I followed her
Art is not a handicraft, it is the transmission of feeling the artist has experienced. - LEO TOLSTOY, What is Art?
Woman just won $520 in money booth ... what's the first thing she'll do with it? Take her #friends to lunch! Love it!
Just noticed on 11.11.11 and are at An auspicious date to catch some mystical rock n roll methinks.
yawn! way tired! listen to basenectar to wake up?? Yes. :)
Time is running out to buy your $50 Golden Ticket, benefitting Junior Achievement! Get yours before they draw a lucky winner on Sept 1st!
Arizona has favorable matchup against Memphis - Tucson Citizen
Who is the best #doctor you've ever had, ?
If your feeling good tell em I'm feeling great! Get into the Moment! Kid ink
I love you too dearie(:
Enjoying the anchoring!
My work is 25 mi from home. That's why I have to figure out the best bike routes around town so I can do errands and such nearby.
Make sure you take a look at #4/20 capsule this Friday homie!
Done! Zero carb protein shake, supps & <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
Um I've Been Having 72 Voice Mails For 4 Days Now!!!
My dad makes steak look like cow liver
I wish, its still Wednesday here in California...LOL
Gleen Close as a Dude kinda freaks me out, but she is a powerfully good actress!
Thanks for following Suburban Cowboys! FYI we are playing in KENOSHA this Saturday night at DUKES COUNTRY SALOON!
Waste Mgt. recycling WEEKDAYS 8am-4 pm, Sat: 7-9 am. Sorry for the omission.
i wanna go, i have never been!
What if I was really Buddha
"I was enchanted to meet you"
famous people! I follow so many. and more!
depends on how much of you is visible in webcam, can they even tell what you are wearing?
crayola's are the best! i love how they smell too!
Get up. Get cute. Get out there! - NSD, Kimberly Copeland
entertaining game!
Enjoying a nite in Hotels
i do this a lot of times
Ahahaha you biased!
it's not on the schedule, but we would love to play Toronto.
#sundaylibrarian - but with coffee this time! yay!
Wheree you benn shun ?
Today's weather is ultra fabulous!
Is it Halloween today?
Eating the Halloween candy before the Trick or Treaters take it all >
Now following btw
Haha you can't hide forever
We can heal bodies, but can we feed them?: Access to medical care is essential, but if buying wholesome food means long drives to dis...
yeah way. It was awesome. Gota love shady people! ;)
Satori: "23% of addresses it handles are incorrect or incomplete"
About to head over to Soul Fo Monday
"I just don't get why it's not ok to be fat. If a woman is fat and likes it, like.... who cares?"
is michael moore in town today?i didn't know if it was a rumor or not.just came back from capitol, gotta be around 50K there
Can't sleep. Rocky Horror Picture Show on TV!
Haven't been on new music in like 2 weeks. I'm sorry hip-hop...
I don't know? I find it funny these pussies are tweeting they hate and wish death only to hear there shit read on the show!
awww, she loves.
- I've got a couple to try on that list myself. Cheers!
Nobody answers my calls:(
my favorite. I thought I was the only person who knew it existed!
Follow me as I will be sharing short extracts from my manuscript (If the souls of my shoes could speak)A BOOK?
girl , idk . I ain worried about him . But this weekend i will be. Lmao ;)
kill the baby, marry the cake, and fuck the... Wait, what is tazer?
this TNT announcer is one of the worst I've ever heard
I mean I make barely 300 a month and it all goes to bills How i own 3 shirts 6 Carrie shirts 2 carrie sweatshirts
Oh, and I'm scheming as part of our renovation project. I like to think big. :-)
Sex Ain't Better Than Love for sure! Love is the ultimate feeling and what I am seeking!
well that's a good thing...i think.
You always catch my subtweets.
Can't stop listening to #NuReligion Best Song by Soulja and best song this year.
Going to the stupid grocery store to cook my own stupid food and I'll never know what a waffle slider is.
I hope you didn't mean to include your father in that reference!
Good to see you on here!
Definetly there for the taking...Does make one wonder with the advent of apps streetbump if there isn't an opening there..
Thanks for the love. Glad you like them.
I'm obsessed with . He's the only person that manages to make me laugh at random nonsense
I don't understand how people can post personal stuff on facebook. Like yeah, I post personal stuff on twitter, but it's different here.
Scanners activated/data formulating....
I'm well! Just finished a tofu scramble for me & It's a cardboard jungle here.
How could you tell me how to live when you've been gone for so long!
never let you go- florence and the machines
As a power dunker maybe. In terms of style it's no contest
our ability to blow leads and nearly blow huge leads is astounding. I would have died if we lost!
If this was Facebook I would have clicked "like."
Rock the bells .... Hmm
I don't wanna lose ya I wanna keep listen to me baby look into my eyes, baby eyes! Oh ya make me wanna listen to music again!
Follow me&My HustleGrind Team We Follow Back!!!
Did you find anything awesome? If so tweet us a pic :)
:: On Live: Recall race endorsements... New tallest bldg. in NYC... Is Milwaukee a good place to be single?
I am a huge Woody Allen fan, although I've only seen Ants. - Michael Scott
#uiccomm our backstage tour will be on local chicago CBS news tonight at 10!
One day I would like to share some tea with Heddy.
Thanks for the nice comment :D Hope all is well
Shroomies or Acid is the question
ALIVE. and was up before 8am! so THERE!
code - carson1111 - major discounted price for tickets at the Toyota Speedway at Irwindale!
A lil back traction to keep my afternoon going. #exercise is a must!
It isn't always necessary to achieve great things. Sometimes, just surviving is a great achievement.
you gotta be quick to beat me :)
were they using your body as thinspo??
Red is my new fav color because of him. <3
Ok I Gotta Idmit I Like your Icon
Chapter 2012 Page 77 of 366 Repression is a self-inflicted time bomb that can explode when you least expect it.
love, a simple word that makes us all think of someone.
This Tucson morning we honor&celebrate Jillene Beth Tunick/Harris Rich's stellar work of decades.AZ sunshine shows us my cousin, the jewel!
Working at the library and following the tweets on #libjobshadowFL. As someone who is preparing to start MLIS soon, it's a neat insight.
#sopastrike this bill cannot pass. Really cannot pass.
Have I mentioned that rules? Thanks to his modern, clean sound design, our programs will all be extra professional.
you my friend are ahead of my times.. lol
Everybody go follow He's tweeting out the title to his debut mixtape 4.8.12. Same day 's "Hater's Motivation" releases.
let the music take your mind
TARGA file? That's a blast from the past.
Thanks for the invite, but I'm bartending tonight.
Hello Bella, follow!
<U+263A> I woke up still hi smh dam kush PAC
Will iPads revolutionize teaching? No but customized learning motivation, tech for ed, leadership will.
Necessary Roughness won. I'll be playing Hot Girl. I've been practicing for this all my life. LoL!
you love me more(; follow me?
Oh I could give you a long list of people who don't give me what I want! :)
The techs at the imaging place found a bunch more kidney stones! Ooh My Gosh!! That shit is so painful!
checkbout feed just posted a buncj
Thinking about writing an agent query for "Princess Ava's Great Space Adventure" today. Very exciting!
Hehehe I did too a little when I say it.
what are you doing for Pattys day?!
congrats on your partnership with !
haters gone hate, dont mind em just stay busy , focused and youll forget about them...
Boy you fly but if I tell you? You might take it to the head..
Morning, u've done it again.
well talk about it tom. Now find someone who scantalated naruto and one piece
This is the sadness of the sea/waves like words, all broken—a sameness of lifting and falling mood -WCWillams. Apropros happenings.
dunno... perhaps because you'd be too fast for us?
Interesting tweet because last I heard you fired a manager because he was black. Are Mormons raciest?
Young ladies and young gay men, help yourself out: don't end end every sentence on an upward note. It lacks sincerity.
what happened to the Metro Greenline to Norwalk. There isn't even a working phone at Crenshaw.
Bathroom graffiti: "I am Slim Shaddy."
#AdamBuzz If you(not your label) are to choose next single out of Trespassing, what would it be?
Andre, do it for Utah
Lol. These are sound effect punches.
The magic you generate with your gift of song warms the entire SPIRIT on destination LoveLand!
short week. short week. short week.
Also, crap. I just heard thunder, which means there's lightning. Yes, I'm grown & afraid if lightning. #dontjudgeme LOL
Forgot how many stars there are outside the city
Well, it is hot in the city and the clothes are coming off! I saw a woman in a shoulderless dress on her way to work.
I wanna go see next Thursday!
strange question - are you a NFL, Baseball or Soccer man? Just that we are building a new platform too...
New sushi cart in Portland, 9th and Oak. Real crab rolls, unagi, spicy tuna. Add lots of wasabi and it's food you can feel. Perfect.
Thx I am sending you a note but you aren't following me.
But 100% of them actually do!
It's whatever. Going to bed now.
I'm losing service again. This happens all the time.
Well, that day was productive. #howsthewritinggoing?
Most people know about historians. But art historians = ? Seems like we need a PR campaign to make our work known to greater public.
If only knew how much i love him. Maybe hed follow me. Becuz i love him so much
glad to know someone shares my feelings! (:
Confirmed date for 's #bandingtogether2012 is June 21. Attractive Nuisance is coming for the crown this year!
anyone have any of those days where u just feel majorly terrible all day.. :/ today is tht day for me...
we r headed back to Milwaukee today but from what I have heard its beautiful there 2day 2! Weird march!! C u in Cubeland Monday!
I hate you.
haha yeah! Did you get the package where you get to meet them?
Omg my dog had a seizure
Swimmingly! Would have gone even smoother if my feet hadn't fallen asleep a quarter thru the last mile.
Checkout Epidemic Chronicles Music Site.
Welcome Frank. Please have a seat.
us fans would like to be put on IR as well.
very thought-provoking plenary talk on sustainability's emergence as a political/ecological movement and analytical lens
Hey guys, got any favorite #valentinesday #cocktails suggestions? Tell us!
When I call you ,i expect you to answer DAS WHY I CALLED !
mornin mr Wilson
when you're running for president. You still have roughly 18 years.
Everybody be safe!
I am THE most excited person for this summer!!!!
That was good. Very good
wow smooth move sir...
on the pictures of the conversation??
when you coming back to the chi?
On twitter or around the gym?
If your shorts are too tight they fold in the back
I would love to have the ability to puke out rainbows! That would be freakin' amazing! How about you?
Do u tweet normal people stuff ? Like "hey nice weather outside!" lol.
If they're vitally important, they'll call ya! Let me know if I can help with the nonprofit job search .
We've got some of our rough mixes back, if you want a copy hit us up!
Well kiss this season goodbye gamel torn ACL out for the season
Courage is fear in action..
have fun, don't speed! RT : Appleton bound w/
And "ass."
And #Gino hits 50 goals for the first time in his career.
don't forget my shirt!
Hi there! Thank you for the RT my friend! Have a great day!
I used to think Katy Perry said "Kiss me, Ki- Ki- kiss me, infect me with your left hand, fill me with your right one" Lol, I was messed up!
I'm wearing my new snazzy hoodie!
What makes you happy ?
#AchievementInArtDesign goes to #Hugo #Oscars I would have wanted #HarryPotter to win, but oh well. Hugo was well deserved.
you dont like your fanily=bad
Quite unhappy with accord as of late
Happy Friday to you too!
Happy Wednesday peeps. What's the new black?
Ain't done this in a while....damn o.0 lol
“: We're back! Live streaming in Miami with & warming up for
Oh so this is what drugs do to people
Agreed on that haha! I've been done with the circus for a couple years and working more on film now. Aren't you with another tour
Thanks for sharing your infographics. Let us know if we can make you some infographics. Email us at:
That's true. I think the chargers are due to unload on someone.
let's do it. And then peg kids in the face! Haha
My heart caves in when I look at you.
Respect the coach even when you disagree.
We have a few last minute spots for Kickball this weekend available in both NE and SW. Hit us up. 503-282-1155
just walked into the living room to find my mom looking at interviews..
- did you take your pic with the Mini from at our #NRAShow Booth yet?
she is hard to top. *rimshot*
Erie PA is a wrap!!!!! Lunch at then were heading home! My brother needs a cell phone since he went swimming with his
OH! Good for you!:)
loving that Cindi and I promise you I will push it to the limint
Our country's founded on kicking out Pocahontas, I wanna piss on Congress and call it trickle-down economics.
Monday Night Football is back! The game will be on in the bar so stop on by.
it was actually pinup star wars lol no lie
B.A.M.N INC. STUDIOS 4 LIFE
I'm down 90-82, opponent is done. Win I'm in playoffs, lose I'm out. Pick 1: Kevin smith tonight, Tolbert, lance Moore.
Interview at eight. Oh yea.
you are so good to me. <U+2615>
Im into Metric....Only because im into Canada.
where r U??
Looking forward to hanging out with folks at 18th St. Lounge, stop by and have a drink if you can!
We can't wait for you to sanctuate, too. :) Have a great weekend!
what up PHA! Met you at the international music conference. My manager is Julia Huie Martin..I am a songwriter
Congratulations to #RepBarneyFrank on your Hubert H. Humphrey Civil and Human Rights Award!
The funny thing is, Dennis Miller got me back into comedy
": write me when u go to the :)!Im sure it ll be #amazing" I'm on my way!I can't wait!I'll find you
Goodmorning Tweepers and Happy Monday! It's time for a new week and new opportunities...take advantage...enjoy!
Congrats! I know you are relieved! Proud of you!!
I quit coffee this week...for one day.
Let's try for Sunday?
To keep cauliflower white while cooking - add a little milk to the water.
Well, tonight really hit the replay button. Except, hit a little harder. #tiredandworeout Tomorrow I can finally
She said if you really sit back and think about what's going.its really sick.lol and Lowkey it is think about all those kids you miss out on
And when you're needing your space to do some navigating. I'll be here patiently waiting to see want you find.
I know there was some tough competition at #CES. and I'm happy for the other winners, but thrilled for !
IS THE WINNER OF 2 TICKETS FOR THIS SUNDAY! CONGRATS. YOU CAN PICK UP YOUR TICKETS AT WILL CALL WINDOW. JUST SHOW YOUR ID!
A very productive day at work and more than ready to finish our mix in the lab
Desire A New Pilot Watch Surfing Designer Watches Plus More- diving watches
RT : How to get your company acquired 101: Build something people love, generate revenue, stop focusing on getting acquired.
Ted Nugent for Vice President!!!
your a funny ass fucker man. you going to UCB tonight? bc that'd be dope
Nicholas Vester, Craig Rogers and Brandon Largent all plead "not guilty." Each of their bond set at $10k. More updates at 4 & 5.
I'm still freaking out...
Yo I sent some beats to you, hope you check it out.
FCC nominees greeted warmly, but pressed on AT&T/T-Mobile staff report President Obama's two new nominees for the FCC--Republican Ajit Vr
Were not sure yet and if we meet up this weekend it will probably be downtown by the slides
Dont u all realize that asking to follow u while he is online is like asking him to notice u while 22 million other people R?
Things better heat up soon. Ugly stretch. RT “: Cold night tonight at #Tigers game. Felt like a playoff game in October.”
dancing with elephants can be like a tribal meeting only we;re a country
The Weather nice cant wait to see the Ratchetness
He is also a frequent blogger on the award-winning HubSpot Internet Marketing Blog
Great post! We had a blast presenting last year. Wish we were there this weekend!!
Jacoby Ellsbury's Emmy dress has weird bubble things on it.
Another busy day in the life of Nita Helping Hand? But busy is a very good thing! Have a Thoroughly Good Thursday everyone!
Yo dat lady on the mountin dew commercial real life look like a bird lol!
Happy #Valentines everyone! What's the best candy you've ever given or received on this holiday?
dear tumblr, i don't want to deal with you acting up. fix yourself. thanks.
Morning tweeters. For me bad week and still not getting better :/ but have you seen new official music videos? Check it out! Xoxo
Honcho lifestyle tip #13 - never judge a honcho by it's cover.
I thought Elise might be the one. She's inconsistent, but I like her. My faves are Philip, Jessica and Joshua.
I want churos.
somewhere down the road I might get lonely
Louisville Cardinals=Big East Champions.
LIFE CHANGES EVERY SECOND,YOU NEVER KNOW WHEN YOU NEED YOUR WATCH BATERY CHANGED!EVEN ON SUN.WATCH BATTERIES FROM $ 1.99 ! LOVE ROTTY PUPS
If your stuck in a hole, stop digging.....
RT Next month's #CaliforniaCoastalCommission meetings will be in San Francisco. We'll be live tweeting then too
Looks like is hitting up today at 4. We expect a full report.
UPW Orlando was awesome. 3800 people in room with Tony and it was electric. Our apps worked great - on to next steps
Today, I spent five minutes shaking a bowl of Jello because it looked cool. I regret nothing.
Love the song and video!!
Oh sh!t tonight at the box! Doing saint partys day right!
either this fly had babies or its ghost is haunting me :((( wahh dead fly ghost.
we're ready for ICFF and HD Expo 201! stay tuned for the latest news on Spanish Design!
Merry Christmas!
RIP ": 'The only place where success comes before work is in a dictionary.' Vidal Sassoon"
U know it!! LOL
9 courses - impeccably timed! Each delicate and delicious...
How often does the Bishop Don Magic Juan walk in to your gig? Tonight makes once for me! And yes the green suit and pimp cup are in effect!
You and I obviously aren't dating the same girls then... #JUST-SHOOT-ME...SERIOUSLY!!!
"Destroy Yourself then Get Back Up and Do It Again." -Me, Just Now
better to go san jose the bus/taxi in :)
2 a.m. update: Center of hurricane's eye 10 miles from Galveston. Storm moving NW at 10 mph. Winds still 110 mph
same with me
A man and his monkey pulled over in Florida
nothin aye do danni got a twitter
Nope RT : “ Why am i thinking todays saturday ?” cause u wanna get drunk?
I luv your Avi your on <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A5>:)
loving this quote hun
glad to hear - talk to ya soon!
How about the Cards though?
people wound tighter than a 3 dollar watch should stop trying to tell time
A Happy Easter to each and everyone of you out there! Love from Blush Formals to you!
You do?!?!?! Ahh man I saw and met them today in LA!!!!
HOPPY easter, come on now
DE PERE, Wis. (AP) -- Police discover 4 bodies of family members in Wisconsin home; murder-suicide suspected
follow me lalalalal
will you be my friend? PLLLLLLLEEEEEAAAAASSSSEEEEEE!
BOYS BE THROWING SALT..... LMAO.... I DO IT FOR MY
Yum! Sounds delicious! RT : Make me a samichh!! With some chips& joucee
everything is good cuz..how ya been?
Thanks for the RT
yea for sure, i'm fairly close to you - so we should grab lunch sometime!
I wanna go to los vegas when the world is supposed to end
Had a great time in #Kansas with family, old friends, and new friends - now back to Florida to get back to work!
Let's hope the Redskins continue to have a great year!
So happy I got to see my cousin, !
im really sorry to hear that ashley! i know it sucks..i been through it when my best friend and i went to college
We have collected over 450 toys for Toys for Tots so far!Bring in a new, unwrapped toy today through Dec 18th to receive HALF OFF ADMISSION!
I feel ya
I think it's dumb when people call the Internet the world wide web.
SWEAR these bitches are goofies.
keeps us looking cute under a budget ;)
His backswing is ridiculous. Always has been.
Run up run up get done up run run up get done up #PayCheckGang TRU
lol at operation NIP.. Nope.. We found some deals on delta.. But nothing solid.. Imma hit u up this weekend
Love me or leave me. Hey! Where’s everybody going??...hope this will make you smile today!
Lol RT : #RHOA Sheree Fun Fact: Her son Kodi Whitfield goes to my high school. She better pay the bill cause Loyola don't play.
New post: Get savvy with the glassware ladies!
Yayyy I'm definitely gonna watch it then!
TKNCash1 Is officially taking over my TL because of the amazing performance, that i didnt see (but cant wait for yall 2 come back 2 chicago
i did so
Will do. Q: how do you "capitalize" by doing that?
woke up in a great mood #mommy&daddycometoday
I am in pain. Pain!
Live. Laugh. Love! and be happy. Peace(:
Creativity is a characteristic given to all human beings at birth
Yesterday's blasphemy is today's old news.
Hey, whats the name of your brewing co?
aww ok i graduate in November
Cold game
If your team ain't playing why you commenting on the game?
I must follow the people. Am I not their leader? - Benjamin Disraeli
Good morning everyone! What is the first thing you checked off on your to-do list this morning?
If you're walking on thin ice, you might as well dance.
Another day to keep pushing!!!! Never take it for granted
- Have studio tracks need "BLUES LYRICS" - Las Vegas - drop me a message! Thanks
Four new families called us today for help-- all are facing eviction or foreclosure.
How old are you now? 16? :-p
You girls are awesome and so happy for your success!
that's better!lol
I have a teeny tiny flash piece I kind of want to try doing as an audio thing. Do a lot/any zines do tiny audio?
watz good beautiful
this makes me laugh so much
I won't pass judgment. This sad all the way around. #deion&pilar
I'm rewriting my artist bio. Probably for the 4th time. This time I'll be true to my own voice.
Next #ypnchat will be in June! Topic, date, and time still TBD but be on the lookout for #socialmedia postings about it.
RT “ RT in front of your eyes, waiting for you to explore it and live it ! ": A whole new world"”
GOOD LUCK WITH FINALS
Bitches now a days needa get on their own shit..
I never want to go to jail again
Thank you so much for all link love! Oh so great! :-)
heard from coworker Lauren you are interested in Lots of good things happening, and we could use your expertise!
Seriously I can only cuddle wit da right person lol otherwise, take the bed, I'm rocking the couch!
Dreams take time, patience, sustained effort, and a willingness to fail if they are ever to be anything more than dreams.
it didn't happen but I am going to soon. I will keep u posted on my Über experience
I Hate Mondays but that means that another weekend is coming \m/ May 5 #CincoDeMayo Battle of the Bands. Come show some love
M.I.A. louge in downtown miami tomorrow night holla at me if you coming out .....
Thx for the follow Here's to sparking more creativity in the world. We need it.
:) Yep, sorry for the capslock it was stuck. haha
Oh fishy! That would be fun
walking STD's
At Bahama Breeze with J. The jerk tilapia is scrumptious!!!!
In the studio! Tracking guitar for our upcoming Acoustic EP! :]
I am surprised there wasn't more information. Poor Danielle to still not know.
introduction starting: Professor Michael Carroll to introduce keynote speaker Ralph Oman, former Register of Copyrights
I wonder...maybe if I broke up my syllabus into topics by day instead of by week I could cover more ground...except the point isn't coverage
Been really busy with the new position and haven't posted as much here. Lots of exciting new things happening though.
Headed to an exciting night at the Geosciences Department Dinner @ the W. K. Holt Center
You already know I am listening
I want to see this protein-infused bread!
Thank you for the Retweet LOVE :)
:) tell me why I haven't stopped by Jordan to say hello! Hope you're having an awesome time over there
Our next auction is on MAY 31, 2011. Come see us at Bid Daddy Auctions 4814 Hardware Dr. NE Albuquerque, NM 87109 505-344-4330
Bloodies and margs on an empty stomach and 3 hours of sleep. More like Sunday done-day.
Congratulations! I am not surprised :)
I'm ashamed to admit I forgot to vote :(
No worries. Just the prod I needed to get it working again quickly... :)
Jack White has a fierce female band backing him on #SNL... great performance.
How has CNET gone so long without inviting to have his own show? Is there no synergy left in the world?
Loving that today my to do list included "Respond to Library of Congress request" :-)
really appreciate you coming on the today.
And the oven in the staff lounge set the fire alarm off. I swear, today is Monday disguised as Tuesday.
Thanks for all the love but remember this is fan page. Yall gotta follow him!
you know how to get in contact wif me! lol
Awesome day. Very successful jewelry show. Working on web site...have to get some good photos of my stuff...then I launch!
Got to spend two hours watching Geoffrey Rush act like a crazy person. Live! He was very entertaining. And convincing.
I was just thinking of you (and you knee) a few hours ago..=D.. I do miss you!!!! Glad everything seems okay.. When is the
ok. out of my short term crude and now long big time. still long gold. great day. was worth waiting
Visualize what you want everyday
why why why
Aforementioned Junior #THATCampVA-er: "I think of it as a place when zombie pigs aren't running around."
I'm up a lot for everyone else being sick overnight but rarely for me. Not fun.
Fire UC Davis Police Chief Annette Spicuzza. 35 ARMED LARGE Armored police officers on the scene,
i made this account to support you! please follow me! im a big fan! <3 71
Yes!! Miss Rodriguez, K-Rod, whatever floats your boat!! You're more special than a "simple girl!" :D
Guess OctoMom is cleaning up today
Happy 85th birthday to my amazing Nanna!
Thats kinda what I've been doing as well. Atleast than you're not worrying about $$$. Got to keep on being creative.
If you have a shitty job, you probably shouldn't lick your fingers at lunch time.
Thanks for following. Have an awesome day
it was amazing
Sorry I guess I phrased my problem incorrectly, I would like to receive texts sent in characters as characters on my phone not
i just let the mic smoke...
Today is more beautiful then yesterday! Im making a smoothie & heading for my tuesday morning Yoga...Happiness is walking home on the lake!
Happy Turkey Day MKE!
Monday Mantra: “Do one thing everyday that scares you.” ~ Eleanor Roosevelt
Looks like Dallas is going to win this game
You a lier , but it's okay I'm used to pathetic people .
Live your beliefs and you can turn the world around. - Henry David Thoreau p #OccupyEarth RT
“: Things you don't want to hear when you are naked and restrained: "Um, I think I have another key around here somewhere..."~Ha
Still time to jump in you car and head to tonight at 7:05pm!!! 3108 McGinnis Ferry Rd, Suwanee GA 30024 - love to have YOU!
Hope everyone enjoyed the #Easter holiday!
Facebook page is attached now! Check it out!
going for a triple?
can you possible make it so intelliscreenX checks for tweetbot also. For those that use alternative twitter apps?
Hey, thanks Drew! Hadn't made it over to your side of the building yet w/the news - and I still have a couple weeks.
Just had hamburgers with the band and dropped the meat CHEESE SIDE DOWN on my pants. Why does everything fall cheese or butter side down!?
Toms better be getting drunk tonight...
Cool so are you going to put up more videos and I want to book you for my party next year in november in chicago :)
You can't let praise or criticism get to you. It's a weakness to get caught up in either one. --John Wooden-- this quote helped me today.
Best gift for mom's day, son drove 12 hours to surprise me (he is still at school and was not planning to be home until Aug.
Mario made classic R&B.
Ordering my snapback when I get home. This day needs to hurry up right now.
You never did text me after talking to the monkey...
Done with the study group, now off to work. :l
Under my desk right now: 4 pairs of heels, 7 dirty ziploc containers, 3 sweaters and 2 shirts, 5 old issues of wired magazine.
Dodger game tomorrow? I think yes!
20 hours of work ... ass to brain, "Please stand up, you're killing me!"
I'm on the NBC TODAY show at 7:40 am this morning. Tune in!!
That doesn't seem right. Who is that in your avatar?
RT : You're either for equal rights for all citizens or you're not, and everything else is spin.
HELP!!!! I need a 2/BR unit for mom in-law. She can afford $600.00/mth, and can pay double sec. 414-292-6333 or .
And so it begins...(grin)
Tomorrow is the last REAL day of high school... omg.
I followed them!(:
No, that's via Image. The other two shows will be YouTube exclusive for first 18 months as per the YouTube network deal.
Because the Dmv is better :)
I really want to meet Nigel Lythgoe. Like really. Seems like the nicest guy in show business.
I would cheer when the till is broken on the bus (all the time), but I know it means service will suffer.
Tomorrow's PR 3.0 is here at the AM:PM PR Intergalactic World Headquarters. See everybody for & social media talk at 4 p.m.
Yahoo meyn that was cool yow !!!!
RT Thanks to for f**king up what should have been a great show by keeping SymX from playing w/ Iced Earth Sunday night
Disney Princess Paper! Take two! Cranking out the rest of this baby while I'm some what sane.
From Home to home, and heart to heart, from one place to another
Extremely disgusted with Komen pulling support from Planned Parenthood bowing to anti-abortion activists, they should be ashamed.
lives in that fantasy world known as conservatism. Scott Brown votes one way then issues statements belying his votes.
That stinks.
#thatawkwardmomentwhen you think followed you. And you freak out and then..... He didn't :(
Congrats Phillip Humber on the perfect game!
How amazing was that show???
Oh, and at the event...10% of all sales will be going to Outward Bound to help send a kid on course...come on out!!
In the studio
Softball game tonight at Penn Hills Park at 8!!!
i havent been on twitte in the longest .. i miss it :(
yes omg I've never laughed so hard in my life
Forgot how good The Myriad was.
thanks dear! :)
Okay, good to know I'm not missing out :-)
Tweet Me.<U+2665>
That's embarrasing. ;)
LMAO I'm watching a re-run of America's Got Talent and like two acts did Born This Way.
Social media will not bridge the gap, instead it will create an additional gap for non users of social media.
Austin isn't wearing me in his new video! ;( but hopefully the next video he makes. I'll be in it.(;
just came back to delavan
niggas stealin swag but im throwin cash niggas wanna jack really really bad bitch im swagged up im throwin cash up pick the money up
What I will enjoy watching in Saints vs Lions is see how the Lions literally figure out how to lose. Will be fun
welcome to twitter!! :)
Where all the good clubs at!!! ....*cricket cricket cricket*
What the IB program makes you: more stubborn and sarcastic (not in a funny way).
Gonna try and use the excuse I got kidnapped for the reason in late. I'll say it was the taliban
the more we interact the more i've decide we have exactly the same sense of humor
bitch please, your pocky is officially mine Lol my mom bought your mom a plant
Been doing it for a decade, almost, and it hasn't made a bit of difference. One single typo and it's back to square one.
How about a weekly soccer column in the PD or soccer blog on the website. Plenty of soccer fans in the CLE area to view it.
Where is your boy tonight? I hope he is a gentlemen.
CBS Sunday Morning piece on - she is an inspiration to all ambitious, goal-oriented women. Loved it.
that ain't far!
Trouble sleeping? Check your mattress! A bad mattress can cause pressure points on your body that make you toss and turn during the night.
Social media is a marathon, not a sprint via Is there a medal for finishing?
Hope it won't be too hot. RT : Seven of 13 "walk- to" mid-sized neighborhood pools will be closed this summer.
What's up? :D
The thing that stinks about being the typical organizer is people stop remembering to invite you to do anything :( Bored bored bored...
If you have a dog that chews up everything sacred to you, give the Starmark chewball toy a try.
& fifty told me gone head switch your style up and if they hate let em hate whatch the money pile up ;) lalalala
thanks, mijita. c:
LA Voice is volunteering tonight with the local school choir down in Rosemead, CA! Little voices need tender love and care too!
"Never regret the people that have walked into your life because they are the ones that helped you become the person you are today"
hahaha awesome. New revolution..
they do sell Stella there. Shock Top OS also good there.
"living vibrantly through one's whole body, whether paralyzed or not" Matthew Sanford. Yoga is for everyone!
Watching Super Why and snuggling with a toddler. Maybe I can convince Wyatt and Princess Pea to revise my article?
welcome to my club :( follow back please?
Well what ever they are singing sounds like their own, I know they yelled at them for making their own rap one time
No matter how much adversity enters your life, you can keep pace and be at peace.
RIP Jessica Joy Rees. This 12yr old girl used Social Media to spread a great cause.* NEGU*
lol that's funny when in june?
We're gonna save the world tonight
Vans are the best shoes <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
S/O to for having the BEST BIO i have seen on TWITTER to date :)
Does it matter how many books would be deaccessioned? "Every book has its reader" after all.
Very cool, Enjoy your stay! RT Early Morning at the VA San Diego chillin with the Vets kicking the can!
I love launch days. My Twitter stream lights up with #space goodness.
Where you staying at? Trying to figure out where to sign my lease at for this fall...
Let me know if/when you want to chat some more.
Good luck to all the #Classof2013-ers taking the AP Language exam today. I may be seeing you soon.
At the #webbys!
Man I worked like a Hebrew slave today!!
Anymore than most people need to know how to build a house, fix a car, or do their own electrical work
I instantly thought of you when I saw that, I love and miss you medge (:
Venturing into the brave, new world of tweeting. Here goes nothin'.
That Ladi Dadi is SO hot.
*rubs ego*
I need a fitness trainer. I need my sexi'er' back-ASAP!
The Patriot is the saddest and most awesome spot in NyC
#NP Armada Weekly Podcast, Episode 72
In a world where folks change careers all the time, and where most don't work in what they majored in, broad education just makes sense.
okay I follow your friend
haha that's sick I'm playing you in NHL later
Cascade Radon's Steve Tucker is on now. Call in to ask a Q re: #radon and be entered to win a free test kit (503) 417-9595.
#steelers just got
Welcome to the team Keith Simpson, Steven DeLarios Jr., Daniel Espinnoza-Hernandez, and Molly Wilson!!
Registration is open for #IACRL2012! Will we see you in Oakbrook?
Lock clock work, I get a message that I'm being followed and with one click I follow back ;)
anything to keep a smile on my sweety pie
I see, everyone waits until I move away from Seattle to come out here. /lesigh I can take a hint.
Oh gosh, that just made me laugh out loud!
same!!RT : If i had a british accent i would never stop talking.
To stay or to go...that is the question...
"It isn't the size of the gift that matters, but the size of the heart that gives it." Eileen Elias Freeman
zayn's up early to watch the fight he cute :D
Roads conditions shouldn't be that bad bc temps have been well above freezing for the past few of days. Grassy surfaces 1st the accumulate
Deleting my twitter so long fellas :*{
haha nope! That's one of my friend's websites.
#netj training panel got crunched for time but still good takeaways. Mainly: Your partner orgs WILL want tech training. Provide it.
Joyride - Roxette. Radio free Europe -rem & goodie two shoes- Adam ant come to mind. ;)
My 2 high school girls would have laughed had they seen it & thought he & I had gone to school together- That's my go to move!
Baby man just stumbled into the bathroom door! :-( Huge knot on his head.
It's still amazing! you earn your own money you can buy things! I really want a job with animals to ear a bit of money :D
Coming back to Florida anytime soon? The Sunshine State misses you! :D
Something tells me we will be in Texas a lot this year. :)
Doing Well! Have a benefit tonight for clean water in Africa. Excited to do good and party at the same time!
I'll just hope theres no questions about Spain on the test and that the post exam beer is cold and refreshing.
If I had a gun, I'd probably end up shooting myself in the foot like Shy Ronnie.
i'm not a booty call v.v...
Back to training after an unrestful but solid week off.
Well I meant it's been helping me stay awake today lol :)) What did you mean?
Used the restroom in a KY gas station. Now I and my car smell like smoke. I should've just bought a pack of cigarettes.
When my head phone's are in the script is playin. #great band B-)
We attempt to be consultants in the field. They like us, they like our work, but they still create random stuff.
lovin the vibe at the Artisan. Mo mojito's please
's verse on decatur psalm >>>>
Thanks for the follow! ") Has been a long time. How are you? Hope all is fabulous.
Hair loss can also be due to certain types of medication, such as blood thinners, birth control pills and antidepressants
...I hate to get the seats in the Benz wet
oh shit... I'm so crazy.. Like I'm that important.. Smdh.. Lmao
Being happy doesn't mean that everything is perfect. It means that you've decided to look beyond the imperfections.
Sad, but the religious imagery makes me wonder if we'll see a CeeLo Madonna wardrobe malfunction.
need any cover art for your songs?...give me a chance to be seen!
How does my room get so messing and I feel like I just cleaned it yesterday! I swear it looks like a tornado went through it !!:)
Friendship is the only cement that will ever hold the world together - Woodrow T. Wilson
cellulite treatment is work...
Here comes the rain.
"A thing is a hole in a thing it is not." -- Carl Andre, via Deborah Stratman
few members of @ divineadonia will be in the building
#julia's rockin' the skinny jeans at 67.
Confirmed, thanks for the updates!
Jakes twitter that he had before(his old one) is back!!!! -Jordan Meyer(Biersack)-
Starting a cleanse tomorrow. Eating Girl Scout cookies for breakfast today.
#ThingsMyExSaid "we will be together forever" "i love you"
I think people wanted Docs to look more like Word (for some reason)
did you use the pack of cards as a portion model?
Fear is not a problem. Wisdom comes through suffering and wisdom comes through acceptance. Whatsoever the case, be at ease with it.
Either one of the most fun or one of the weirdest nights I've ever had. Seriously wtf happened?
shut your mouth.
I have a serious problem with the fact that "friday, I'm in love" is never actually played on a friday.
When you accidentally put yew instead of yee....
With impressive bathrooms that indicate one's hipness.
HOT JOB!!! Senior BizTalk Developer in Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301
Hmm what to watch now..
Cisco Updates Mobile Ready Net Portfolio 5900 Series Embedded Services Routers ... - MarketWatch (press release)
I wouldn't classify myself as afraid of flying, or fearful, but extremely nervous when on a plane.
WJZ cut away from Epic #Orioles game to show Michael Phelps? Did he win? You mean it was a story and not a race?
Extending the VSTGUI a bit...
"You can do anything, but not everything." -David Allen via
This is GREAT(:
It's funny how when someone gets 15mins of fame on reality tv, suddenly u have everyone claiming to be their "best friends" lol.
My one childhood hero who taught me to keep on rolling through life. Thank you Kenny Kawaguchi.
It's 64° in Charlotte and I'm cold watching Nanny Mc Phee
Just recaulked the bathtub--this is what my Friday nights have come to. Sigh...
....But most importantly S/O to CHICAGO
Thanks for the retweets
Want an excuse to shop for sweet vintage while picking up your summer issue of C.L.A.P.? Check out the sale this weekend!
#DASER Borgia "One could argue that female bowerbirds are assessing males based on their intelligence."
finally home. im dead.
It's amazing how some people build their own self esteem by pointing out flaws in other people. LOL
Hyperbole much, #AmericanIdol judges?
She gets it on like the Easter bunny.
Thanks!! It's for Ogilvy's latest Create or Else competition. If we win, we go to Cannes Lions to blog about it!
me too usually do but wanted to c what happened if ppl had to say what they felt instead of asking what weintended
Love you girl lol
You know Doug Haddix? My husband worked with him at UPI.
All I need are blue waffles..
Good Morning, I AM READY!!!!! 1. Looking for an Agent to help me get my career to a whole new Level. 2. Publisher for my new book. 3. Publi…
thanks for the
#10ThingsThatAreAttractive redeeming qualities like reasonably prominent rear sections, blue eyes, and clouded judgement.
she might ride the short yellow bus and sit in the last seat at the back..#Imjustsaying clear her mind, Rolf
: Awesome job, Abby!
Yessir. The one and only
hey dear. I need your email. There is something I need to send you. Send on FB. Pray all is well.
A lot of people in LA seem to keep score, who is ahead, who is behind.... a lot of people in LA are unhappy.
was supposed to go skiing today but it was only 1 degree :P soo we layed in bed all day like a bunch of bums:)
I've always thought that if your customers hate you, you're in trouble! Noticed how Groupon is hated in London/EU
Just got in the van with Ben Baily from cash cab! Won $80 in movie credits!
u stay goin out of town
I agree 100%. and as awesome of a match Punk vs. Jericho is going to be, I have a feeling that will be opening Mania sadly
well I just got this because my phone was being a piece of crap... Sorry <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0093>
For a writing contest that I won 1st place in I wrote about how #HOTTN relates to me :)
HAHA! you need to live close with all your damn brilliant ideas!!
hahaha good morning Jill :)
I JUST PIERCED MY EARS BY MYSELF!!
Over 2,100 new people are gonna find out about "the 412 Kid" wednesday night. We just did a collab with him today ! Get ready !
What's your favorite #golf book?
spent 10 seconds reading that tweet. TMI.
I overheard someone call me "white devil." Well, apparently THAT still gets SAID?!
that looks like a spider Kelly's BM...
Check out/follow a new avant garde writing project by the biggest assholes on the internet
You suck. (Says me. I'm not speaking for )
&park to Roc do you know a girl named Siarra lee or any of you?
nice! is the muhfuckin man!!!
lol my bad
thank ya sista!! I wish you could be there!
im gonna be up all night
My mom's yelling at me for the way I'm dieting, when really I've learned everything from her.
so proud of my client. she went to a work gathering and stuck to the 5 &1 plan!!! Way to stay committed to reach your weight loss goal!!!
As a break from packing looked at some #ReadingStreet materials to begin to get a handle on things
Idaho animal cruelty ballot initiative comes up short
I want leopard print tattoo on my thigh but everybody got that shit now .
Free Birthday Party Friday! Fling Friday! We love Friday! Text "ENVY" to 46786 to get tonight's FREE COVER password :)
Son of a bitch...this brings up closer to SoS coming back to KC, doesn't it?
We're off the bus line! Stop in and see us! No appointment necessary! :D
I swear I'm so tire I can't the difference from left to right lol
No way! hahaha I gotta check that out. Do you have a link?
Me and Mum are deff jammin' to GYC. Aha. :D
new punk'd ...lets see if its gonna be good
Traffic Tweet brought to you by #TacoBell: accident Southbound I35 at Slaughter on the service road
And now...The Washington DC phonebook.
Bullshit to what? I'm lost. And gotta go, kids are home.
Hahaha just got mad at me because of what I wrote in his year book last year 'and maybe we can hangout, but probably not'. Oops
Cust knocks in 1! Still no outs, runners on corners.
We all can be great because we all can serve. - Martin Luther King, Jr
Christine is such a BITCH! Lmao I Love Her!!
just asked us a great question and we're curious to know your response to it...why is art important to you?
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089> RT : and just went fucking HAM.
And Barrera points out that even those aren't certain, they will just be discussed.
Wait...so if your birthday is on leap year you only get a birthday once very four years??
Can't sleep
My parents always told me not to drink and drive.The other day I was riding my bike while drinking a juice box.I felt pretty dangerous!
I told one artist already but i u
With success comes allllotttttta haters.
Nothing short of ironic; I think my bolt bus was just hit by lightning. Maybe that will reset the wifi?
she can fuck wit who ever she want she aint goin no where...she gon always be mine
For over 4,000 years, invoice factoring has been a simple business transaction that gives you cash when your company needs it.
Hey Creative Company - thanks for following StoryFirst! We love your love of telling stories. Hope 2 tell some w/ you soon!
lol. Why did squeakers block you?
Back after a few days of vacation! You will see a new face on the morning team. Let's all watch and give a nice welcome.
#FTW, thank you DC > RT : Welcome ! Tickets now SOLD OUT 4th year in a row for DC's largest NYE Bash. Congrats!
If you need help getting insurance quotes to close the deal, we'd love to work with you & your clients.
Bartending at Infusion Lounge in San Fran tonight. Stop by and say hi!
We have a Men in Black show coming this season! We're saving Six Million Dollar Man for another Retro Month.
I follow your logic about cheap fares and poor service, but how do you see transparency and civil rights conflicting?
Nobody texts me back? Okay cool.
Mondayitits....getting ready for the day
Green scores!!!!!
hahahahaha wonder who did that!
Saw a treadmill @ walmart as a Valentines display w/ a balloon that said "I love you" on it. Which really means "I love you but you're fat".
And I can't believe I haven't added your blog to my RSS feed. Fixing that right now.
Where at?
that's so awesome. I miss Green Bay a lot. Much better pace of life, etc there.
it's only edible with vast quantities of maror -- and you know how cats react to maror!
You are just annoying. And I'm not "cute" with you. That's weird...
is giving Twitter another try. We'll see!
awesome, thanks a lot. See you there around 7
FOLLOW ME BACK:) 34
Great day. Plus, I'm seein tonight in MKE // only issue: I can't find my Oasis t-shirt. Either way, GREAT day.
Throw in the towel already. We're watching bridesmaids. #you'remissingit
Have you gotten your TdaP vaccination yet? The shot you got as a baby won't cover you know. Whooping Cough is awful. Get the shot!
#middleschoolmemories....Happy crack was the COOLEST :-) :-) :-)
Thank you for your invaluable contribution in evoking the iconic image that's lasted 50 years.
how is it going?!?
That's when I get my retest, right? Right?
Cold here in Pittsburgh. Need some tropical sunshine!
really? cool beans! and you should already know
o well it shld last maybe they need a new battery
Hi, Guys how can buy some netspend cards for me and send them to europe... effort = payment :-) email me at
i watched gonzaga a few times and they werent nearly this impressive. But it is WVU lol so i dont know what i was thinking
Erpenbach, Kiefer, Maniaci at Madison Barrett party. Salsa dancers occupying other half of the room.
that's good!
you are very welcome! ;)
omg so weird I was jus about to tweet the same exact thing I teared up <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
Do antibiotics in animals hurt humans?
The body's ability to repair and regenerate itself is nothing short of miraculous. And it starts with the breath.
Jaguar to invest £200 million in F-Type production at Castle Bromwich - Cars UK (blog)
pretty sure im sick more often than im healthy
hahaha this class is a joke.
keep kicking ass and taking names. Life is a beautiful ride, people come and go but finding yourself is worth it!
I think flipping is too often portrayed as hard for instructors, easy/desirable for STs. Many STs will passively/actively resist.
Sex ain't better than Love on Repeat... Exceptions for head tho Right?? Love ya... :p
Gotta do me.
great first day besides not wearing my boots
he prays we all die and who is answering his prayers
AMEN!!!! Love it
Oh, Joba...we hardly knew ye...
integrity . . . and a lack of tolerance for bull sh*t :D
you deleted your fb is it cuz of them bitchsss on your dick?
Monica .. You so right. Agree!
Thank you!
“: announcing new app at #epatcon.”
": P.S. For fantasy soccer I can only have 1-2 Sporting players... so. Any help on my forwards? Please?" Le Toux at Van
haha I've actually thought of doing that, too.
I'm starting a petition to stop the sale and usage/mis-usage of lace front wigs. I hope you all will support the cause. Thank you kindly.
My dad just said that the ding of emails loading on my phone sounds like old department store bell
The first sign that your GF is about to break up with you, she starts hitting the gym like it's a part-time job.
Good Morning! We hope everyone has a productive Wednesday!
With Aaron Beam at the IIA Spring Conference focused on fraud and ethics. Beam is the co-founder & first CFO of HealthSouth.
about to knock out!
story of my life !
Caught in the Web: "Decent" Performance Not Good Enough Against Miami
Im not sure if you can buy them yet. I have a ticket dude who can get them when they are out tho. Don't worry, we'll be there.
Told 2 me by shoeshine man: I can tell ur parents were bumblebees cause look @ the honey they made!
anytime one wants to do a quick sync and get outta the house, itunes syncing becomes itunes stinking
really? omg. where'd you hear that?
is it harder to pitch a no no with 75 people in attendence then a packed house. At least when u do rehab. Assign people be ther
My husband tells me I need a new baking sheet for Christmas. "This one's starting to look like a Nine Inch Nails album."
The only real training for leadership is leadership. ~Antony Jay
Just when I was thinking about breaking into the business. Thanks for the heads up!
I am so excited
The only thing we have to fear is fear itself.
Never be the first to arrive at a party or the last to go home, and never, ever be both. - David Brown
I dont think so. I think his current personality has more to do with the lack of attention from parents.
Check out Pew report on battlefield energy at truman project .org
Seth Greenberg is at the next table to me right now
good luck tomorrow!
Good morning friends many thanks for coming to the grand opening of Taste & Toast Thursdays last night!
Three words: "sense of entitlement"
Woah just mowed the lawn for first time looks like a golf corse lol yay me
you've brought this on yourself to be honest.
I'm this is weird but like the smell of fresh grass Omg. Lols.
I may be single but I'm not available and not looking. I'm happy without a guy in my life :)
Thanks for the follow! Working toward a great cause. How close are you to Iowa?
oh...that's sad. Like having a child with phobias and there's nothing you can do to help. Sorry..hope it lets up soon
Just registered for #BlogathonATX!!! See you Saturday!
Giveaway! We have a movie pass for a preview showing of American Reunion on 4/3 at Cottonwood - DM me to win! Must pick up at the store.
Would u pay a higher price for a service and/or product that comes from a biz that gives exceptional customer service?
I thought it was clever! Haha RT : More ppl got my joke on Facebook than here. So... you sit there and think about that, Twitter
happy birthday!
because some Haitians are mixed w Dominican like my family . & Dominicans and Haitians are usually close to each other
Chilling + tweeting guess u can call it tweechillin haha
Come on by when you get some time...were open till 3am wed-sat
Next Wednesday: Paul Frog Murphy and Craig Suerth return to for a night of classic & rare power pop, glam, & garage punk!
re-phrasing.... is ace! hahaha!
everlasting gobstopper; I like candy a lot and Willy Wonka is my all-time favorite movie.
you scared me half to death!! I was like if you would have deleated your twitter my life would have been over!!! :) I love you
do you want to test out my follow button to see if it works?;)
40 degrees and rain in DC. St. Pete is looking so good!
ask her to show you her conga.
I guess you're right.
Lebron James had a lot of haters last night.
does she?
Had to switch between InDesign and twitter - but coming away inspired. #ArtHour is on my calendar cc
We heart you to
#FF Great folks to
this is officially a formal picture request . I must <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0080>
yea I seen what happend lol.. I was like =__=
Coming up tea with friends at Satoria Tea Bar in downtown San Jose!
I hope you do get ahold me I'd really enjoy hanging out with ya! I was sad you weren't at all good!
Lebron got his shit put of the glass
Uhh , i just broke up with my GF, thats sad.
thanks for the great hospitality tonight for the EdUI reception. Great food & drink. Great folks. Cool space.
sad I have to always come to FB when u be. Well u lol. Grrr
so much anger
Hi there - sorry I missed this tweet..happy to answer questions. Send me a dm. But FYI I no longer work there.
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: A gift to a spouse is separate property if she can prove to whom the gift was given. Save your gift card!
Reduce your prolonged sitting time and increase your physical activity.
Businesses can contact us to set up dealer accounts! Ask for Jamie to work out a deal. www.darksideshields.com!
I honestly believe that the city of Brookpark doesn't own one snow plow.
Congrats on the Job offer! Lets celebrate soon.
Yes, you should stop by soon! Book a "staycation" or just come by for a great meal Can't wait to see you.
Doing the stage management for Just The Funny Friday night shows! Get ready to laugh so hard your belly hurts!
Going to sleep early <U+E056>
One makes me fat and the other is scarce.
Bitch ass niggas Are my motivation...they put that feelin in ya gut to just shit on em!.
“I have to exercise in the morning before my brain figures out what I'm doing.” - Marsha Doble Make sure to check out our 5:45am...
- Mother Nature
Catherine Snow, Harvard GSE, literate practices are more complex than we realize
Weird. TextMate installed the mate command at ~/.rvm/rubies/jruby-1.6.2/bin/ -- so switching rubies was making the mate command disappear
Pat O'Briens in St Clair Shores, come!
Was up
i can't believe I'm letting use my netflix for free so he can watch jersey shore
It's hot up in here. Newts supporters are on fire.
#GoDucks is music to my ears.
taking a break from studying tonight #libr283 #libr228 #SJSUSLIS indulging in #socialmedia, might try out #Google+
Truth : When you tell the truth it becomes a part of your past. When you tell a lie it becomes a part of your future
It will be interesting to see what kind of extension boards people glom onto the GPIO port. Next job: stackability!
JJ sac-pop fly to center brings home another run, 5-0 still bottom of 2nd.
There's already a database with some info on printers/publishers. can't remember name of it
This is news I like! There was a "gameshow" on House MD & is this exactly. Bring on the results or bust!
I had to haul Wiki/crate to ticketing, which was a pain, and then they couldn't put her on flight bc they sent small plane.
Anything you want, it's yours.
They are my power animal, though.
I believe in the imagination. What I cannot see is infinitely more important than what I can see. Duane Michals
My prayers are with Rev. Al Sharpton who will be delivering the eulogy @ his mother's funeral on tomorrow.
Did I need to download four CDs worth of the Revolver recording sessions? No. Did I do it anyway? You're goddamn right I did.
likewise! great meeting everybody, see ya next week!
thanks J!!
Thanks for the retweet!
pfft.. that's not new. David Caruso has been using that stuff on CSI: Miami for YEARS...
Happy Birthday Bianca ! (<:
Last Day Of School is trending & I have like 5 weeks left. ):
I wish my mom would let me get my nails done too. #sadtweet :(
I don't wanna go to work tomorrow!
Finally got some sunshine here in Indy. Gotta be the worst place for weather for those of us who like palm trees & sunshine!
lol who's Bert? And what's the Pigeon song?
": What the pay rates different"<=lol yeah guess u can say that
Love for self is as necessary as the air that we breath. Can't live without it!
I don't know about up yet, but excited for the retreat!
At walmart watching fireworks....
I use a free google voice style number every time anything asks for my number cuz people are stalkers :/
I am so blessed to have such wonderful clients. My family portrait session today was so awesome!
Metrosexual black Abraham Lincoln. Yup! Vote for him. He'll keep the union together and free for ALL! Loose TX and I'm down.
Consider having your book club meet at the store! Call for details.
Whats the difference between a MUM and a MOM! Happy Mother's Day UK MUM'S!
Yep! Crate & Barrel and Bed, Bath, and Beyond. :)
HAPPY NEW YEAR to You & Yours Around the World! By the by, & Kathy Griffin were GR8 as ALWAYS! God Bless!
Drexel/UMass NIT game being played like a NCAA Final Four game. Without the Dome.
#HIRING #TAMPA #ST PETE #ACCOUNTING searching for Corp Tax professional candidate for Fortune 500
blazing fast answers ... winner is #GoDCer with correct answer Teresa Sprinkle
Gary gave me a high five cause of that! God that's awesome.
I'm actually quite excited about this.
I've decide tomorrow I'm gonna wake up dead :P
Step team killed the stage!! #stepshow -- stay tuned for the number to vote us for People's Choice
Ah! This day is a-ma-zing!!
“When the power of love overcomes the love of power, the world will know peace.” Jimi Hendrix
agreed. We've got chatting to do. Will bug ya on the cellular soon
no problem now hit that follow button =P just kidding. You a Chelsea fan?
Fall seven times, stand up eight.
Have you ever had a small bug on your computer screen and your first reaction is to scare it with your cursor?
The soups, sandwiches and salads are prepared fresh daily in each Firehook Bakery & Coffee House neighborhood store.
"Waiting for Godot" at the Taper in LA. Great cast. Great production.
Just got my first simultaneous disclosure on a med mal death case.I will keep y'all posted on the experiment.
So hollywood ran out of ideas and made a movie about a game. What's next Chutes and Ladders?
That's a goal!
Boo! The jumpsuit was way better.
aww we missed you to boo boo
Today, a Sixth Grader reflects on something that's "awfully contagious." In his words. Stay tuned to find out what he learned today.
#NOTTEFRIDAYS $125 bottles of patron. $125 bottles of goose. Both come w/ bottle of champagne. $7 tall goose mixers. $7 tall patron mixers.
Advertisement: Have you taken political positions that are going to be inconvenient in the future? Don't worry, just get a #ETCH-A-SKETCH!
will you please follow me??(:
getting in from where?...lol...well I hope you had fun though, and that was sweet of you to reply ^_^
Really irks me when all of the women in a history book are referred to by their first names--and all the men by their last.
Ah, booing the call, but he did, by your account, flop. Interesting. Tell me more.
We're going to see #BigTimeRush tonight at #Universal #Orlando. Come enjoy #MardiGras with us.
and happy Tebowing too!
may i get a CCP code?
I'm home , have nothing to do , & no plans for tonight. #BestFriday -.-
#RAW #TimeToPlayTheGame hell yeah!!
Dear Big Time Rush I already didn't like that your name was like theirs but then you have to fucking steal 's song?! FUCK YOU!
It ain't easy being blue.
hanging with Matt Reilly today 4PM-8PM at South By San Jose, S. Congress.
Counting the days down for school to be OVER. I cant take this environment too much longer.
can you pretty please follow me? xoxoxoxo
great one
Love it! Nice shot. What did you ended up doing in KL?
def 70-30, your favor. I'm a diy bride, I don't need no Harry potter mag to style my wedding like the great hall.
RT if you gotta. RT if you like it. RT if you just don't care.
I am a conservative Christian with a BS in Zoology and over 8 yrs as a chemist you majored in English?
dude I seen you guys once. One of the best bands I've ever seen.
I get most of my energy late around this time... bad timing.. when nothin is goin on either lol
Cech is with the Biofrontiers Institute at the University of Colorado
Well, hello. I'm glad you came.
Some people need to mind their business and stay out of mine plain and simple.
I love listening to One Direction's music. It's soo soothing :))
I've been to one! It's called summer drive ins in Memphis! #letsgo ;)
Honest criticism is hard to take, particularly from a relative, a friend, an acquaintance, or a stranger.
MUST SEE THIS MOVIE! Winnebago man is hilarious, I guess there is nothing new under the sun. He elevates cursing to an art form
lolol the smell coming out they nostrils..
Is there a recipe somewhere?
Kaleigh ripped her vagina in half.....
Hate working so hard for something just to find out its a piece of shit once you finally get it
its okay leon your still awsome awsome any way
haha thanks! Let's catch up soon. I miss you sister!
I have a random list of 80's songs stuck in my head...
#ThatsWhatIHate when ppl lie for no reason
Cant be nice to rachet ppl
like "Tim, you better brush up on your theology, learn some culture, and wipe that smile off your place" ...
Cigarroa: Addition of med school will enhance UT Austin's reputation across nation. Expands research, commercialization.
Hey! You're going to the M&G?
Need to make a lil more money tho
So-called journalist sites unfair MD law as though it were an academic journal
That's true. The internet *loves* cats.
Just wanna say I really enjoy "How Much?" - makes me laugh every time.
Luetge, he must be from Ballard.
alright see ya there
Ohhhohhhhoh new Twilight Sad single, just in time for winter. It's almost dark at 4:50 and my innards are melting.
Where's the preseason love for #Butler? 18th? They went to the NCAA Championship game last year! Come on!
day off.. no rehearsals. yee
great to finally meet you in person Diahann
fight on
God Morning <U+2665>
The 27th of May :)
Ah! I love Scholium Project!!!! Every restaurant needs them on their wine list.
me too! Sorry it took so long go me to reply! <f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00AB><f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+009D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Screw Anderson's objectives man t(-.-t)
Nice meeting you last night, email buddy!
bring a couple over here :)
this isn't coherent by British standards either? :)
YEAH THAT'S ME :)
my phone keen ramps at school. Im collecting it this month :P mestilah rindu!!
“: somebody threw BBQ sauce on my dads car...” LMAOOOOO i'm dying
At least Baseball season opened up today & the BoSox lost, that at least is some consolation for #Maccabi loss
Well, The Avengers already has one slot, so...
and why did you take your clothes off at the Colab?
Leadership on the PREVENTIVE side of this health crisis affecting millions of our young people in the name of sport is shameful.
“: #Vegas fans: Our new store at opens tomorrow morning. Come join us to celebrate!” Good luck guys!!!!!!!
Num good choices! Yes the sesame noodles are fantastic!
Columbus people we had better see all of you at this show tomorrow! Unity Fest w/ Inhale Exhale, Though She Wrote, Come Wind, & more!
Museum mobile apps & students: how do we best engage their 'lunchroom' conversation and incorporate? Anyone doing this? examples?
just got in, meh night.. O Bar and kitchen, went to the Perch that just opened and then the vip or whatev uptop pretty lameish
2. Stevie Ray Vaughn - Ain't Gone 'n' Give up on love
Had a fantastic weekend with all our fantastic Boston friends! It was exhaustingly fun!
who tryin to hoop?
#WordPress question: What's your favorite social sharing plugin? Add to Any? Shareaholic? other?
: The most annoying thing? A good looking person with a huge ego.
WSU research summit: Like Erica Austin's comments on the value of getting to know one another, awareness of value of research done at WSU
yes. Jake started Woodjock in 2010 during spring training
Some computer models are suggesting widespread 3-5" rain amounts for #NYC this weekend. Not going that high yet. 2012 rainfall deficit: 6-9"
check livlab email for note from me at betterexperience
was AMAZING! hardly anyone can sing that song and she nailed it
i know...people are mean to me and thats what happens haha
just found you on youtube...<U+2665><U+2665><U+2665> so i converted your videos and you're now on my ipod. <U+2665>
my sister wore the cutest shirt today i was like can i have that
Big thanks to , and for their UVa careers. See you at JPJ tonight.
Damn I've beem sleep almost the whole I've learned my lesson by not kissing my gf anymore when she's sick
Just waking back up with some many test messages about the situation I just let it go cause that's the best thing to do
Let's start the morning off good!! Jk we can't...
There's definitely a dangerous feeling when you're in love…it's giving your heart to someone else and knowing that they have control
So glad you joined the party RT : Setting sail on the #wine cruise with
ik Kobe fans ain't crying now . nobody be saying nothing when y'all on Lebron sack
your welcome ! :D
seriously ... men dont make sense
#sometimesyouhaveto just let go and move on
First game for SKC already this Saturday? That snuck up on me.
Was ready to peg her as upper class til realized third seat is broken. So she is not a heinous crone but still dresses too young for her age
RT : Kids play the hero (age 7), practice the hero (age 10) and become the hero (age 13)
ripping my hair out
yes there is a lot of tweeting
A Harold & Kumar animated show is a huge reminder as to why I didn't miss having television for a couple years. Yeesh...
Being single is cool till ain't nobody around
*gasp* shame on u. But I'm sure Kobe's performance today didn't exactly encourage monogamy!
riots are caused also by regulation of inmate society& redistribution of power balances among inmate groups
Yup. As soon as I finish.
Hard Money Lending: No credit score Required Purchase-Cash-Out Commercial or Investments- Contact Milton A. Zaiontz I 210-744-3030
with your girlfriend or...lol
Oh gosh.. I keep voting fot Ive called at least 20 times.. because he needs to win!! <3
U r truely inspiring!I have been attending at DeVry University for 3 years.I would like to show u my Beats.I produce R&B music.
Getting ready to get out of school
I hate when girls think they soo hard like bitch yu go to clark who yu post to be scarying lol yu hoes funny..
with 22 points with 12:02 in the half, the #Badgers have 6 more points than they managed in the first half of the 1st round loss last yr.
no where. lmao
Quote of the day: "The definition of multitasking is not doing anything particularly well." Sad, true, and necessary.
really excited to have you joining the team, congrats!
yep.. These 3 hour downloads are crazy though....smh
Crying my eyes out :'( sad finale...
come with Blake and Aaron to my house and we can all chill :)
That would be your mistake. Comparing, cause none are alike. Get it right.
The video won't send ugh -_- we did pretty good too
How does one become a boxing judge? I think i could be a great one. I should look into that
Makeover time. Planning to make some huge changes!!
Men's Health mag Most Dangerous Drivers puts Dallas #2. So unless you're in St. Louis, believe me when I say EVERYONE HERE SUCKS AT DRIVING!
i like my smile big, my music loud, and my friends weird.
And I'd give up forever to touch you
That watch in person was amazing and the bracelet. Keep it up brotha looking bad to the bone!!
THURSDAY NIGHT BIKE RIDE & A BEER FORECAST: 77 & sunny & the wind will always be at our back! THIS is the ride you don't want to miss!
But you gained at least 1 ;-)
Delicious lunch with recommendations from Todd Gray!
You're most welcome! Had a ball! Can't wait until next time :)
Piggy and Kermet's relationship is bizarre
We are working on our new HTML version of the latest LitFuse Design site. It is looking crazy... is it possible to look a little too crazy?
who is this kid, a fucking morlock? why is he so comfortable in new york's sewers?
thanks 4the followback! if u need sharpening or new shears call text or tweet! new webstore will be up soon! enjoy the day! -Pete
Good Morning Milwaukee! Weather forecast calls for 6-8 inches tomorrow. Time to find your snow brush!
Of course bro
of course.
Jeremy & Bonnie!
Tonight sucked.
#GoTribe You guys keep me updated on the game, heading back from break right now.
I'd love to find a company that would provide an RV & sponsor Pixie and I to Tweet across America.
Trying to buy the Brew Fest ticket, but the server keeps bumping me out!
Enjoy kayaking 50% Off with the California Express VIP Card, call now to join 619.226.1121
thank I stay in Columbus ga n that was my 1st shoot
cat daddy! How's life!?
Always classy Jason Whitlock, folks!
Mom's day is almost here, make her giggle and treat her to a Little Ped.pal foot scrubby called "Bubble Butt" buy any 2, get one free
Obama on gay marriage Obama is DESPRETE for votes there is no good here, just greed. If there was he should have spoken up from the GET GO!
Who has the best rates for pics? Need a new
Nice meeting you girls! Hope to see you soon!
First inning and the teams are already rowdy
going to the doctors tomorrow
I got into #bottlenose this morning and their sonar system remind me of ripples in G+ but helps sort topics in your social streams. NEAT!
Listening to I Hate College on repeat while studying. Seems ethical.
I agree about the fouls... I don't get why the refs let so many flagrant fouls get by them. (or choose to ignore them).
I CANT FOR
how is it bad news bears?
Thanks :) So excited!
time waits for no one
Belated TY for following me. I thought for sure I was following you back! How's it that I just see that I ain't, pomelo-head?!!!
Thirsty niggas uggh fly with that thirst ball shit
"America is back"
But first you need to do research. Find out what this business is about and what you have to invest.
Wearing my new faux fur vest today. It's so unlike anything else I wear - a little scary!
Comet's getting a special treat today! RT : Today is National #Pet Day! Show your fur-ever friends some Vitamin L!...
: Everyday is one more day up unto the burnout of our beloved Sun - Professor Stone (so enjoy every sunny day!) Love mario
Yeah, why?
you guys are cute.
What was your favorite item on yesterday’s menu?
Went to PGE/PSU's electric avenue and came away thinking the volt seems more likeable than the Tesla. Perhaps J. Leno is right
Agreed RT : Wow! Imagine how awesome the #Broderick ad would have been if you hadn't seen it coming for a week!
I really appreciate the offer!
Taking a pause to congratulate my old school grass valley homie / neighbor Jason Kidd. Great job son!
me too
It's nice to be needed but even better to be wanted.
and a little clutch purse with some food thing smeared on it =-)
Be sure to stop by happy hour tonight at 5pm at Brocach on the square! 10% off ScooterCabs fares for Magnet members!!
I have class today and I would so rather be driving down to the beach.
ill be home!
What is the histogram trying to show? You're right to ring alarm bells for log scales; they make comparisons risky.
what up with his wrist? MXMAS Bro!
put up some new songs
This week went by so fast.
RIP Fullhouse. May you live as long as the Olsen twins, I guess. Even though we could all learn a lot from Mary Kate.
- No need to change brother...just keep on doing you...and let everyone else realize what they are missing!
Glad you liked the #worldslargest Photo
i follow may i have his fan skype ? thanks
with space exploration becoming so popular, how do you feel about letting me..letting me..(explore uranus) I can't say that!
If me and spend more than two days apart you know there is a 3 hour talk coming!
NYT/WSJ/NPR all report Chen being offered 'same as any citizen' options as positive. Seems a clear rejection of special diplomatic status.
I just need a green shirt for work tomorrow!!!!:(
another great draft for the pack
8th grade girl in Crypt of the US Capitol: "I feel so holy standing here!"
Why did we decide to stay up late on spring forward night?
Thinkin bout cuttin my hair today
Bummer....Sometimes things don't go the way you want them go. That's life!
I can't wait for tonight gonna get rowdy! Lots of pics!
WE ARE STRONG, BUT WE DON'T BELONG.
NP: Nine Inch Nails - Every Day is Exactly the Same o_O
If you buy honey and it's not in a bear container, legally it shouldn't be considered honey.
is he good?
what's wrong?
I REALLY GRIND! IM THE MAN WITH THE CAM..LOL
Happy #FF to our newest followers!
#idol WTF IS THIS!!!
Finished with her very first day ever of shooting a television pilot. Two more long days of shooting ahead, so time to rest up!!
Got patron on the rocks and i dnt give a fuckk :).
McCartney...well, that's nice that they gave Betty White some eye candy
Hey I just met you and this is crazy but I have alzheimers... hey I just met you
Stephen's now
i know i am too
thanks Julia! I really appreciate your feedback! Tell all your friends! You can download it for free there! Did you? ;D
Burn bridges & buy a boat...
going to MLW? awesome! look forward to seeing u, but I'll warn u in advance I'll primarily refer to you by your twitter handle :)
How bout The Departed on fx. There goes my afternoon
u would sit in a corner and cry.
STAY OUT OF MY INDIVIDUAL MAN DATES. Let me eat frozen pizza and watch Big Bang Theory with my cat w/o government intervention.
4" excites the hell out of me!
Ah damn *Martin voice* lol
gop says they're prolife from conception to natural death. Unless ur THEM then they want to blow u to kingdm come. NDAA makes US mayb THEM
I want it all back .
Agreed. Never a smile and helmet hair the rest of the day.
Lighting equipment stolen... Praying for our soft boxes : (
i can't i got some mad homework to do, i will tomorrow
There are 10 two for one tickets for our charity pub crawl for $35 at !! A $15 discount!
well since you said Boston I take it all back “: lol...he want OKC to win the whole thing, i want Boston... u?”
two hands on the back? Got to make that call......just saying!
even though isnt answering me, it better be known that shes mine tomorrow afternoon
I miss you too...
Join World Health Day Twitter chat this 2 April. We’ll talk about ageing and health. Use hashtag
Past 48 hours - stolen iPhone; 12 hour flight delay and lost luggage. (Fart noise.)
We're here and ready for #CHIchat!
tomorrow night's wine tasting will feature Yarraman's Hell Raiser and Barn Buster, available at BullFish.
I love looking at what the extras are doing in the background when I watch a tv show. Sometimes they're so extra. Lol.
le petite fleur! see you at the station at 9:40am?
I saw you last night outside of the vogue !!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Craving naan and curry
awesome! Glad I could bring a bit of excitement to your day.
There's real people in those big big trucks.
Re-watching Friday Night Lights. It's so good I can barely take it.
Will definitely consider it. :)
Covering 'Embers' for our next show. thinking 'Where is Our Love Going' might be next up.
Couldn't agree more. It's double speak from the state. Move towards CC but be held accountable for the MSC.
“: They now make a 2 person Snuggie. That is an epic "dutch oven" waiting to happen.” haha
The greatest unexplored territory in the world is the space between the ears. - Bill O'Brien
Apparently it's German Day at Miller Park. Both Brewers (Bierbrauer) and Pirates (Piraten) have Deutscher uniforms.
So thankful for this week- it's going to be adjustment going back to work Mon. :)
Filming and wifey!!!!
Latinas even make payphones look good :) You go girl!
I personally know Joe and have been on speaking circuits with him. He has a very keen persective. Wonderful Article!
I feel like im floatin im floatin im falling I feel like i love you i love you im on it
very true. maybe some of us only want lustful men ;)
"Those who fall should be laughed at"
Lol & what are you talking about?? I never took you nutella... I think you have me confused with lol
Supply of substandard seeds is punishable under Consumer Act
yeah not too bad. Makes choosing the best a lot easier. I shot a LOT more when I was shooting digital. A LOT more.
come watch it with us at 's house. We're having a watch party with Dont be lame.
: They HAVE had student events trend.
ack- the horror! I suppose holding a puppy is my tebowing...
TJ is having shots of Natty Ice lolz
#attcaddiecall Caddie 4 Masters Champ @ Pebble? Bucket list / religious experience (literally/figuratively) rolled into 1!
Can I go to sleep now?
Win Tickets to Tech N9ne NOW on Kiss 97.3 on the Interactive 7 @ 7 Countdown!
Lesson of the day: Don't run from fear, stare at it. What is it telling you or asking you?
Eric Olson BSR speaking re sustainability and CSR trends
signing up for Spotify. Lookup: 1) using a proxy for desktop account, 2) changing country settings on iTunes for mobile app.
Everybody has that one friend who resembles a turtle.
thank you too! its good to meet you on here ; )
A workout and a hot bath later, and I feel considerably better. Amazing how that works. heh.
Global Sex trafficking is more profitable than trafficking guns or drugs. Spread the Word
KFC and Taco Bell conjoined restaurant.
Neil has me using that and I love the combo
heck yea the Tigers. Coming to Columbia for Baseball place will be cranking do u have tickets
couldnt sleep. watched movies all night. will watch movies all day.
I've got to start eating lunch before 5pm
Make sure you're following for your chance to win a FREE #GEEBZ shirt. Details coming soon from
Showers off the the W & S will make there way to #RVA overnight. Expect continual shower activity throughout tomorrow. Hi 75
better find the bathroom
Who likes Arizona tonight?
sounds like my kinda party. "there might be ladies in tears, and high heels" at Little Tony Two Crockpots' opening tonight.
gosh, I hope not! I could still claim that title for myself... :)
aw thank u love!
Tonight will be the night that I will fall for you over again, don't make me change my mind. <3
You left out the best part : Your face !!!
i one night her u must like her
oh. i don't think i would like that haha! i have to go for a bit... i'll be back in like 10-15 min :)
Let's go #Blackhawks!
I also come across an NMS article just like that today...
U don't care abt public opinion, don't accept SC decision & don't want 2 adhere 2 universal democratic principles .. What then ?
Ya got ta understand Trick love da kids....Trick love a kids
Tomorrow is my last day at my day job. I told them to keep the party lowkey. One BYO omelet bar, a dozen pizzas and a case of Surge will do.
I shoulda bet you double or nothin with the Mavs this year, my man!
dang! That would be sweet! I wanted to do promotions for Radio Disney. It would have been such a great opportunity! But oh well
RT : High Fructose Corn Syrup is the worst sweetener ever and we are consuming 63 pounds per person on average per year!
Nah you're fine. I just didn't pay attention at all.
Always gone but never hard to find and since you can’t escape me, do I ever cross your mind?
Which neighborhood? I've just begun apartment hunting and everything is awful, but this tweet gives me a glimmer of hope.
RT : Maybe you are thinking of the rich 1% who live in the very wealthy sections of the eastern end of the island?
Do you think we should all go back to a primal diet?
is so #Hipster she hates everything about the
ahaha I'm glad I could make your day.!!:)
he deserves more than 4 years
welcome to the cam rellim chronicles
waitress brought us our food the asked if she can get us anything else and I said one thing and her response.."I'll try if I have time" LOL
If strippers are now called exotic dancers... Then all drug dealers should be referred to as exotic pharmacists.
this chick look jus like someone i used to date.
too glad i got let off work early.
Face so frozen this morning, my mouth wouldn't move when I tried to talk.
So true! And really, what human is only interested in 1 topic?
Who's got a band we need to hear? Ready... Go!
ALSO A STRENGTH
Mayweather takes another round. Cotto needs a KO if he wants to win, but stamina might be an issue. Round 12 begins.
Omg, dis bitch. I need to get the hell outta here.
I said Nike made them.. And I'm pretty sure it's a one time Deal. He preceded to rant on players leaving early, not graduating
So not only the law but practical economics make it incumbent upon me to continue incorporating mumbo-jumbo with all my jokes.
Big Hair kid is the winner of the night!!!
There's got to be a football game being played somewhere in the world that i can watch today. please tell me there is...
You know what, you got me there. Dr. Pepper is awesome. I'm just not a big fan of Pepsi.
if you can't get things worked out w Fox Sports re: Cardinal's baseball I'm going to switch back to Dish Network or Charter
you know it gmennnn all day and # all in
Been spending a lot of time in the studio churning out new mixes. Keep an eye out for some sneak previews
THanks for including us in your list!
The #IRS Tax filing deadline is Tuesday, April 17!
thanks to you too!!!! and happy holidays :)
Good Morning! Art is not a study of positive reality, it is the seeking for ideal truth. -John Ruskin
Spent most of the night covering details of the video shoot for this Saturday... getting pretty excited.
We Love Weekends ! Happy Friday
I sent another poem poetry contest for that what I said before. Cheer for me! It was about love. Excited.
Orioles and Red Sox are playing in the 16th inning. Wowza!
Happy New Year. Best wishes for 2011.
Gr8 Idea RT : Im looking to work w/ a local museum on a project to help learning professionals better understand curation-
"Any of y'all know what type of snake this is?" = country music scene social media gold.
Wait, what am I talking about? I've sat through a number of council meetings and am not disgusted by the members.
MADISON ALAMIA. my definition of perfect. iw ish he would follow me.
Last thing GOP wants is cheaper college- means more go, can't have all them educated folks out there..how would the GOP win?
I've never heard it read aloud. Fee-PRAY-SEE, with a French R?
surprisingly yes, sounds silly to me
Broke my iPod...well the screen is SO cracked.
''The blessing of the LORD makes a person rich, and he adds no sorrow with it'' -Proverbs 10:22 Quotes by DodsonEng
COME ON BROXTON
done your turn!
"On my journey home" my new handbook coming our soon! Guiding the C/G thru a end of life event!
I'm just curious. What would your alter-ego be, if you had one?
Last one: Why is Portland ME better than Portland OR? :)
good work DC
Leaving Santa Fe this a.m. having been asked to be a mentor at NALIP's Latino Producers Academy. What a great group of people!!!
ADDICTED to that song.
My phone battery died way too quick today..
I've been enjoying your fashion insight and corresponding links a lot lately! Keep it up!
That's about the size of it! :)
5 MORE DAYS TILL "FOREVER KNOW" IS RELEASED!!!
Playing at #manifest today with :00 at the main tent (1001 s wabash) & 6:00 at the stage next to 623 s wabash.
Victoria Grayson and Cersei Lannister should totally form a Life Ruiners Club.
I had to drop him like a bad habit years ago.
currently at 12th/porter listening to Gregory alan isakov, looking forward to seeing you tomorrow night
Fell asleep watching tv now i'm wide awake and have an 8:45a morning meeting.
When Pres. Jackson was asked why he named James Buchanan minister to Russia he said: It was as far as I could send him out of my sight."
Mastering Mah'Lo Bese's new 21-song Mixtape CD today with CD Text. We'll submit it to Gracenote to.
So you look good
Boutta go hide in the closet, its thunderin!!
Ive been tearing up the whole day thinking about my seniors and how they all getting ready for prom :'/
it hurt to stretch and walk smh
355 a person, round trip through southwest. There's gotta be cheaper. Ima keep lookin.
MLB At Bat 12 launches Feb 29. Surely you know this.
YAY!!! that would be awsome to meet ya!!!
Public agencies are businesses! If their books dont balance they stop working and that donest help anyone
good I miss you
keeping it French: The Mesrine films with Vincent Cassel or A Prophet.
RT : #Bears on the clock after Dolphins snag Mizzou TE Michael Egnew, who #Bears did work on
anyone up for a formspring...? ;o
sounds good man, thanks and will do
The chillest day I've ever had in school
Fuck y'all mad at me fo'? Y'all don't even know what I been through!
hm...that might have real legs!
Perhaps the most important niche, is people who give a damn. Connecting them with us is what we need to focus on.
Some people like themselves way to much.
What are you doing today? I'm going to an Alligator Farm. I probably win.
Like I don't know that im pathetic.
I'm so sleepy and I have a lot more to do
#317 spring break!! Be responsible. Means PartyHard, and make sure you don't remember what happened last night!!!!!!!!
I ate too much lunch
Check back with ya'll tomorrow - good night!
I would just like to say thank u for dming my cousin she screamed her lungs out right now lol
I love you <3
Are you listening, United? Stop separating parents and young children on flights!
OMG! I didn't even know you took this of us! #ILikeIt :)
:( boo you suck!
Is it legal to marry 5 men?
Indiana is strong at every position. Heat will have to come to play every game. I see 6 possible 7 game series. Great series
Make sure and and see that when they wake up! :-) #RideOrDie ;-)
love for dance and sports is gorgeous <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
My hump day is going AWESOME:o)
Yes! There were about 10 or 12 there with pretty much every type of food you might have a craving for.
My puppy ranger was just spoiled by Noble Coffee & Tea when he as given a cup of whipped cream. I bet he will want to come back now.
RT : Could work. RT : Tree of Codes could be an iPhone app. Shake and new words juxtapose to one another.
can i email you directly.
should totally skype me!?
Lost World of Wonders is officially on Twitter! Spread the word!
What am I doing with my life right now? Nothing. School is almost over and now I'm a lazy ass. I need to be productive
NC Bound! Welcome to SC!
Sign me up!
Of course. RT : Thanks for spreading the word!
I Haven't Seen Him In Forever <3
If you haven't tried them yet here's your chance. RT : Just tapped all three #PCBW collaboration beers.
Everything okay? :(
Answer: "Yes, You just turn that little voice inside into a live action for yourself." Challenge accepted. :)
evening guys&hearts;
It's Opening Day at Dodger Stadium! Baseball season has officially arrived in L.A.!
RT : It's a pleasure and,if there is anything else I can do to help, please do not hesitate to let it me know.>>>Hugs to you!
lol no dear.
smartassness will get you beat up
i didn't mean to but trevor told me to
you my dear are guilty of being insecure with your man. I love big fat obese women....period. I have opionions
Wow, i was just thinking this...
Looks promising, doesn't it? Interested to see how they will present & link the editions
Ignorance is no excuse----it's the real thing.
RT : I have so much love to give but it's so hard being someone's girlfriend. You have to answer your phone all the time nshit.
Me neither but my wife found them interesting so I thought I'd share...
Making me awesome!
and close ups of big sweaty black men. I'm uncomfortable
sounds about right.
Me too once I get a job haha RT yeah dude!! Haha ill definitely be there again :)
Q2 How responsive are the faculty and students to digital initiatives and collaboration with the library?
Dreaming of my amazing funfetti cupcakes! Why didn't I bring them to work and
I love when i get on a bus and the bus driver is a woman. #Feminist :)
WISH-TV has confirmed report that Butler deal to Atlantic 10 is done...and will be announced tomorrow.
Pet First Aid Training Can Help Save Animal’s Life
This is when I realize I do miss you as My boyfriend but it doesn't matter anymore because you've moved on
You know who I miss? Where did you go?
Why are Ron Artest' shorts so high??
You must have long term goals to keep you from being frustrated by short term failures. -Charles C. Noble
EVERYONE! will be playing with HE IS WE on july 1st! whoever wants or needs tickets contact us please! <33
RT : Ability may get you to the top, but it takes character to keep you there. ~ John Wooden
If you want to learn to HOWL, you need to hang with WOLVES.
I'm happily single. - Paula Abdul
Haha sorry that was kind of mean
Enjoying new castle from the minikeg! Woo! Bonfire and now a movie. Where's
The twisted beauty of this approach is that our outrage becomes "proof" of his thesis. Like telling someone they're in denial.
because of the woman on the ad or because you want to get your wife flowers?
you all would be good together.
Niggas who try to GD handshake me <<<<
he finally realizes im here to help him be happy, he finally realizes all i ever wanted was to see him smiling, ily buddy
Watching The Polar Express :)
You're welcome! (: I miss you at school l;
Yikes - you mean all the YouTube videos I added to my playlist? Some are funny, but had no idea they would all be auto tweets.
Despite all those things? Yep, pretty sure. Pretty, pretty, pretty, pretty sure.
First, create new project. Pallet on left-hand side with different tools. ? for more info
All 5,000 emails attended to in one day. Success!
Watching Thirteen Ghosts. :O Not my favorite.
Just received an email from a wonderful person that attended a speech I gave this week...I am truly humbled by her kind words. Thank You!
I'm actually kind of glad to have proof that I'm not over exaggerating when I complain about her.
About to go in this Pappas bbq
The squad right there ": Blake, Bryant, Ebanks, HIll and Gasol on the floor to start the OT for LA."
Thank you, I like your concept as well!
bucket list: 1. make a youtube video that goes viral
Nice try, Austin.
I'll be there EVENTUALLY.
Heading over to the studio to mix first release...should have out by end of week! #ohsnap!
we missed each other by a day - i was looking for lunch yesterday
The next Jeffree Star bitches :3
Drinking alone in my room
Going through ancient paper files. Achoo!
Ladies, never pull down your pants in front of a polar bear. They will attack anything that smells like a dying seal.
Fresh croutons for Caesar and a cocoanut bunny cake. Happy Easter
Keep #ForcesOfNature trending so everybody who doesnt play gears can wonder wat it is
My friend got me listening to country ...lol
watching #GhostAdventuresFriday!!! Bad boys bad boys watcha gonna do? Watcha gonna do when they come for you?!
Features and Opinions
#DaneCook is sitting one table away from me.
fuck. i lost my earring.
RT #PracticalSecurityTactics VA scanner ratings stink. < agreed. Learn your nw and impact of vulns and fix accordingly
Man cannot remake himself without suffering, for he is both the marble and the sculptor. Alexis Carrel
Cool, still in school. Kids drugs are the way, don't stay in school.
Congrats & to you all
Gotta put the support out for my city...#memfood headed down with a check!
Tracking bass (thanks )
RT : wlknalkandlka n THEE GREATEST POST GAME SHOW IN HISTORY
Back in Milwaukee after #HOWLive First time attending since Orlando 9 years ago, so that was great.
Wanted to see Cowboys & Aliens but just noticed it got some really bad reviews.
"In a world full of Kardashians I'm the Chloe"
HIM: 'What is your last name?' ME: 'Brown, like the color.' HIM: 'How do you spell that? Is that with an 'e'?'
What kind of dirt do the Denver Broncos have on the Colts franchise? Elway in '83, now Manning. 2 HOF QB's from same org. #DraftUrOwnHOF'er
louis:"harry?" harry:"yes? "Louis;"she's mine" harry:"yea but we had that thing going on member, when she invited ..." louis:"SHE'S MINE!"
just realised that Tuesday doesn't work for me. Let's text and figure it out.
I am absolutely terrible at getting things done within short windows of time during the day.
yeh-suppose snow troubles R small compared 2 trials that so many others face in world. Stay U, B safe & positve energy ur way
i c wat u did der <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
“: There is nothing convenient about getting, being or staying Great! Greatness is about Hard Work!”
Listening to the songs on Leonard Cohen's new Cd called Old Ideas... it just makes me want to keep pushing myself to write better songs...
Mwahahaha le the trolling day begin in my house hole. (:
You are so amazing!
well done & outstanding coverage! From a guy who never blocked the hydrant and always left room for the truck in the front.
Class starts tomorrow. Looking forward to meeting the students!
please email me :) Thanks!!
I miss you to!
Am I the only person who hasn't purchasers a #megamillions ticket? I'm actually feeling anxiety about it.
Everyday is another opportunity
wohooo glad you found me sup!!! last night was a fun dinner and hopefully ill even see you this week. :)
Just sent an email to the president (of Vassar, not USA.) I can't recall having done that before. If she replies, I'll tweet about it.
truly needs to get rid of the #BlackOut rule. It only hurts the fans, the teams, and the league. RT if you agree!!!
you know, i like it everywhere. only had old stuff once ever....
thanks for fallowing! :)
Shooting pool with mike
Check out as he gives us an overview of today's weather on
Might have been a tyme when i loved her
2. Feature detect to see if X is missing or present.
Another BIG prize from and ! For $200 I'll do a lot of comfy snoozing!
#ThinkLikeAMan was HILARIOUS!
This is for the niggers in the suburbs And the white kids with nigger friends who say the n-word
Kobe. That's all there is to say. What a shot.
download twitter app and tweet is during the second half!
ur twitter one
coke zero. Thinking cream soda might be a safe choice.
Have a great weekend!
Fer me in my life...
Oh Lunchtime, why didn't you let me know you were in town. We could of had lunch or something. *sigh*
So does five valium and a fifth of vodka! RT A well-spent day brings happy sleep. Leonardo da Vinci
ghostchant257 put your game face on myles.
i want ice cream ! its so nice outside !
The session will discuss how delivering effective & actionable content will enhance business, how contextual content delivers better value
such is the life of a graphic designer
yes you are <3
“: In revival hell is plundered and heaven is populated. Without revival, hell is populated . . . period.”
for what?!
Matt Buckley comes back to school tommorow. Ok cool to me it's just a plan old day nothing too get excited over.
Real Law for Creative Entrepreneurs...The Writer's Edition...is launching in 5, 4, 3, 2.....
Done with bullshit.
If the SEC championship didn't matter why was it Blue Orleans all week??
I went to goberry yesterday.. #thinkingofyou and
sorry, I was being sarcastic, but no room left for #sarcasm!
Who is talkin about?
There's no better feeling in the world than a warm pizza box on your lap
Yeah those wings did some serious damage.
Beside being the responsible thing to do, #Neutering dramatically reduces a cat's territorial demand, due to decreased testosterone....
I'm glad!
Starting to think that tweets have more exclamation points per word than any other form of writing. Weird!
Way to break out of the slump Betancourt
hey sean i love your work i love you get better soon!!
Late start but INB4 Sessions is now LIVE on Freqbase!
Golf ball size hail in Germantown (Washington Co.) reported by trained spotters.
On a shoot. The coffee is good.
He's doing great. He has Tetralogy of Fallot.
: SO good to be back!
AND THESE PANTS LOOK FABULOOUUUUUUUUUUSSSSS
homo tweet
Sweet! Thank you!
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY AUSTIN!!!!
#gphdreams panelists rock! love!!!
Just finished doing the Playboy Morning Show with Andrea and Kevin. Had so much fun!
End of the first quarter, score tied 7-7.
Watching Victorious
Thanks for the RT! Sebastian Inlet is awesome. :)
seems like cat's out of the bag ... are the board members going to speak up?
see you in a bit
Hahahahahaha I love you
Fuck the derby its all bout cinco de mayo
Android game CandySwipe now has a Chinese language version available in China!
Just got a great free cab ride with Johnny!
great meeting you today! Cant wait til the event in June!
Sorry, Star Wars Holiday Special. Because a long time ago they declared a star war on Christmas. Their lack of faith is disturbing. etc.
thank you:)
The 12 Bar Blues tune 'Kansas City' sung over and over.
I'm up cause I'm doing homework .... this is a sacrifice :/
is the reissue gonna have the same DVD Danny Todd made? Or is it gonna be a different one?
Trending: #IfYouOnlyKnew how much I MiSS you..xoxoxo
needs to put his considerable wealth where his considerable mouth is and run for President, but he doesn't have the balls
Hi all!!
we want to see u there, superwoman!RT Good 4 u! RT Nothing like morning fitness at the beach!
I'm your biggest fan. As you know. See ya soon hopefully!
Welp my bracket is officially fucked.
Just got off from makin that good ole over time<U+E409>.... Tired as fuck... But gotta love it
hosting Punk'd unf
Goodnight Everyone (:
She's gotta be pregnant with this attitude...
Dollar menu, I'm sure. RT : What did they eat?! RT : Bowlen and Ellis are back from lunch.
For work only? Yeah right!!!!
: Good to know. I'll let you tell Menger, lol.
they needed the all star break
I cannot blame you there
Had a great presentation today at #DesignDC! Thanks to everyone who participated!
Ah! I've got Adblock on. Geekscape does have some ads. But it's a great site with wonderful content. I'll let 'em know!
why is lake ave blocked? Tons of cops. Near Lyell
yup. Around 22
later on you need to get yours on.
When I hear children screaming in stores I challenge their parents to a fist fight for their child's soul.
Up early for my cousin's baby shower. It is acceptable only because her and her husband have been in love since middle school.
My neighborhood has changed so much through the years! Visiting "Voices of Lombard St" at this afternoon to learn how!
Good Morning Everyone :{) how are ya'll doing? :-)
The original Margarita was invented in 1948 by socialite Margarita Sames.
but Cody's waay beta his accent soo much better than Liams
The $ky is the limited !!!
Hahahahahahaha RT : Season Ticket Holder named Brenda just got a signed No. 1 Shawne Williams Blazers jersey. Brutal
we went with recommendations from 4 of our neighbors!!
well that's what we're here for! let us know if we can help ya out! ;-)
the new icon is extremely ugly
My computer does the most amazing thing some times. It paints my screen all blue, and then puts all kinds of letters and numbers on it!
This is digged by , , and
Want spread the word about Sleevecandy and get your pals $5 gift cards? All new likes on Sleevecandy get a $5 gift card.
Wait a sec, are you guys 5 or 6 hours ahead now? Since it's the fall and all, DST = "Fall Back"?
Two great presos at one time! Went with using videos to up ate your brand.
Hey lady! How have you been? Working hard, I bet.
thank you my dear. You're my favorite girl across the pond! Xoxo
Dam I'm confused.
I think he can be a starter, not a superstar...he needs weapons though, can't carry a team by himself
There's hot 8th graders outside of my house! I'm gonna go um...check the mail! Yup! I'm gonna go check the mail ;)
Changing is super uncomfortable, but let that discomfort propel you forward. Have a little faith.
is playing poker with the roommate, and realizes he's becoming less a person and more a collection of vices.
Diablo 3 and Ghost Recon coming out this month....interesting..!!
Also big ups to for sitting in with us last night!
This NewYork club just told me 12k. One night. but then people get mad when I tell them I have to charge them. A few bucks. SMH.
so... What's wrong with pillows?? There like friends!
thanks for the opinion bro, i do everything my self. Just trying to get a shot with a real artist & producer yakno?
you shouldn't take the loss personally. Seemed like there was no motivation on the united side of the ball.
For the record, flaking out on people will ensure that we probably just won't be hanging out at all.
I'm good. Just working a lot, when is the next time yall gonna be in the studio
I wanna go
We are less than 2 months away from our festival! Plans are coming together and progress is being made! Can't wait!!
Am I spamming you all? I've tried to send RT tweet 3 times and each time it said "successful" and then didn't show up.
Do Roman paramedics refer to IV's as "4's"?
Great photo of Sheas!
Intrigued by producer and his new media style of casting and funding upcoming BEE thriller
that's because there are actual trees from Ireland in the pub!
You'd kick ass at that pa!
Hopefully partying it up with ma girl tomorrow, <3 love yoouuuuu
Are you playing in any WSOP events?
Feeling guilty after working 9 hours bc I didn't work 12. Work addiction sucks.
you would be well within your right. I'm still trying to see what's apropos for tweeting since leaving TV & coming to WSDOT.
Now do something with that #packers. Make it hurt!
in my feelings. can't shake it.
I feel dead
man me too, I'm on the way to hoop now..
that's what an email I got said!! It could be a different person.. I'm not sure hahah
Fallon monologues are always hilarious
161 games to go
Start by doing what's necessary, then what's possible, and suddenly you are doing the impossible. -St. Francis of Assisi
We need to get to a point were we engage with the world and show that we do think for ourselves - sanusi
Success isn't a result of spontaneous combustion. You must set yourself on fire.
RT : Vibe and Vegas Show: Why Focusing On Black Males Is Necessary To Address High African-American Unemployment: Re......
The Game Time Athletics brand is built on blue collar athletes of the world!!! Lets get it!!!!
Enjoying the #groupshirting day?!
RT : 100s chant 'We are the 99%' outside barricaded Wells Fargo. Some employees gather outside in #solidarity & met w/ cheers
You can't kill yourself by holding your breath
The New York Rangers are at the garden tonight.
I will follow you if you promise to do the touchdown celebration you did against the Giants in the NFC Champ game again
something special, sexy, wonderful.
Research and Markets: Global Shale Oil Study 2012
OMG wtf who?
Love you Giuli :)
Thats what its supposed to say lol i guess u have to ass the contact
Hollywood Park Race#2 4) A Full Tank of Gas !
rich people problems... I wish!
I'm open to anything. Soccer is always a love and I'll stay connected in some regard, but doesn't have to be FT.
Some people need a high five IN THE FACE with a CHAIR!!!!:D
Forward to Great day in Phoenix , making in roads , and relations.
Made a connection during dinner at the home of Atul Khanna that could lead to some positive access into India. We'll see where this heads.
Ha, got to agree. Chelsea played on another level Sunday, but Barca has a little more firepower than the Spurs. Draw at best.
Rodgers you still pull things out of nowhere... love it
...not realizing it was dawn until the side doors of the Fillmore were opened and the morning light poured in.
How do authors get their ebooks into your directory?
SO ME. RT : #Sagittarius are missing the brain to mouth filter. They sometimes say things that are better left unsaid.
TOO long, dear.
so bored. people should text or tweet me since they can't fin pick up their phones anymore
Good girl.
Don't be afraid to take chances.
Yank's better step it up!
The Browns easily. Look at them since 2007.
#milwaukee at Einstein bagels and the girls behind me had coffee from starbucks in hand but are ordering food at einstein's. Ahh consumers!
Hope U got to sleep in this Sunday morn! Did U know that getting enough sleep helps keep your metabolism going & helps control your weight?
Somebody think they slick
#JoeGirardi pulls #ClayRapada to bring in #DavidPhelps to face #RobertAndino w/ 2 down and a man on 1st in the 6th.
I will
Just took a peak at My 600lb Life on TLC
Ah wish I could make it 2nite but cant. Dont have 2 much fun w/o me :) RT : Tks & tweet you at 8 tonight!
Grilled Florida Red Grouper, grilled asparagus and Mango Butter
Pitino should have called a timeout instead of making Siva make the decision. Lot of responsibly on a kids shoulders. Should've been coached
Slim , thank you for 'favoriting' my tweet, and for the RT.
np and I like the song "Im ur biggest fan"
#5ThingsICantStand my computer.
STILL ROLL UP THEM BLUNTZZ
Even having broken into the game industry, I find the "breaking in" panel talks great to hear.
Spontaneous Creed jam sessions>>>>
great to see you as well.
huh? bags? thought there were no bags...
#Dragic stop being a punk. Just play basketball. Yeah you're a below average NBA player, but live with it
prospect of san francisco in august, minneapolis in september, and a family vacation tbd in october is giving me the travel itch. big time.
whatever happens, happens.
statistics about Seattle Real Estate market ignore the reality that many pending sales are not actually coming together and closing, say ...
Where's the exhibit? I'm a Memorial newcomer but they had me at coffee.
Ifcm showcase is underway! We are waiting to see you!
addl, communication is short, sweet, to the point and passive. Emails get lost.
still haven't started... gunna be a long night
So stressed. Gotta be out of my place by Thursday.
Thousands of ppl here.
I wish I was a multi-millionaire and be afforded with the carelessness to misspell.
They need about 10 -15 people to be diners at a restaurant in Rio Rancho at 2:30pm til about 3:30pm. Extras get to eat for free.
thanks, I think I got some of it. :)
Really, it's a lesson in the false economy of IKEA light fixtures. :-)
Loved your Bing and #Genius performance in season 3 #TVD finale ;)
IKR BUT I SHOULD HAVE IT DOE NO BULLSHIT U WOULDN'T GO WRONG
its like a tank top sort of. You should just wear it. As long as your straps dont show it should be fine
Josh Hamilton is on a tear.
Ready to be your agent!....byronbrown.georgiamls.com
what the f@#k! its morning? omg, coffee!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO OUR BABY <3
Found my Dalek bubble bath. With all the hassle in the move, I was worried I'd be without it. Scary thought. It's cool though. No worries.
To be honest, I don't see Hood coming to Duke.
heck ya brother!
#chiwinetrade and will be working in the western suburbs on3/28. DM me if you would like to taste with us.
Think of it like Santa Claus: We know when you've been sleeping; we know when you're awake...
#DowntonAbbey is electrifying - easily one of the best written television dramas I've ever seen.
Aw shucks you guys :) C- I'm always happy to help! Twitter is changing the def of visitor engagement.
did they move? :(
#wcphilly #day2 : Trac is actually pretty simple. Ideally, we won't find many bugs today, though.
Wallstreeters calling protesters unsophisticated well at least they don't rob and steal like you F&&k heads.
thank you! I was stumped. Not Katy Perry... Where have I seen her before...
Great night with :)
wine drinkers - $10 for tasting of 60 international wines at Riot Act.
What time of day do you find your self the most artistic.?
Bank of America trading rebound aids recovery
UPGRADE! happy 2 announce we've upped our return/exchange policy to 365 days (1 YEAR!) from 90 days. Changed your mind? No problem friend!
420 Yummies is BACK on Twitter!!! If UR in the NoHo area be the 1st person to message us & get a FREE 420 Yummy today! (must have Dr.'s Rec)
100 (Made in the USA)% - Copyrighted by hdtvedu.com
Happy St. Patrick Day everyone, go out and drink a lot of green beer
shot music video yesterday. really tired today but very happy as it was so much fun!
No one knows u better than urself trust ur own judgement
Rates for mailing direct marketing materials, invoices, & account statements are on the rise. Let Advanced Mailing Svcs reduce your costs.
and in the end we shall achieve in time/ the thing they call divine/ when all the stars will smile for me
The hotel bar used to be a space of promiscious exchange. Now it's just folks staring at their smartphones.
Awww! I miss you too! Maybe we should get together for a drink this summer?
It's Friday! That means tomorrow is the big day! #BrewCityStompDown2012! is hard at work putting the finalizing the show...
Good luck!
Why not make it a friend-cation?
I can't help but stare at him even when the other guys are passing by.
HAHAHA! RT: A crowd of us tried to ritually bathe WFG in the Pacific once, but he fuckin' tased us.
you should be in Boston. With me.
#raw10 What if all drug n alcohol disappeared? We wil find a way 2 get high. Puttin sardine juice behind yor ear n hold yor breath. U B High
The surgeon wants me to get my blood sugar levels under control first, to avoid diabetic complications.
#quittingsucks so don't quit. quitting makes you a loser.
Tip from #MARAC: if you have exposed wood support beams, carve decorations in them to make people think they date to colonial times.
Fine. I'll say it. I'm addicted to Game of Thrones. Damn. Another series.
Just listened to a radio spot for #lproofboise to get pumped up about this wknd. Jesus, wreck us with your presence in Boise...
I love not going to school. (((: 3 day week for me
I wonder if there will be this much hoohah when Elvis turns 100!
thanks for the FF =)
wow. I'm doing it wrong.
i'm on day 4 of a lifestyle change. I slipped w a bite of cake but for the most part am sticking to it nicely. lots of cravings tho
every night is a party
I might be confused. That was for Rita. For Ike we hopped a plane to Arizona. :)
I do not have any minions. Not yet.
Hey hey hey! SELENA GOMEZ IS ONLINE on ! Why don't u ask her to follow? Just kidding :)
“Write it on your heart that every day is the best day in the year.” <U+2015> Ralph Waldo Emerson
Chillin at the knitting factory waiting for and to come on :) so excited :) wave to me Craig? I've got pink hair <3
quit using your damn medical terms; it still doesn't change the fact that you choked on a piece of chicken at zaxbys.
#Acta stayed one, batter & one inning too long with
Why did my Dad get with my Mom? He's all chill and nice. And her? She's a big evil bishhhh. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Sometimes Pandora is a mind reader/psychiatrist.
You're Ridiculous hahah
thanks much
I Sunday lol. Reeeaaaallly? My school was suppose to go ha. With who though? I'm going to Disney Land. ;P
CHAD GRIFFIN! :D
Not to know which way the future will lead. None of us can know nor do we wish to know. I don't want a crystal ball. For the future is b ...
I gotta stop stressin So much! Yep, it is not healthy!
Q3 Except for ease of reference, do we need an encompassing term?
Plus, momma told me never to stop until I bust a nut.
>> Hi Mark. I did attend the event yesterday. Sorry I didn't get to say hello at the reception.
I'm ready to get the twit scared out of me 2nite at 8 ET!!
I miss you.
Good to meet another Simon - and another MSNBC fan!!
Look alive!!
I love the ones with currants in them.
Was that prayer to protect the park from your son's exuberence? :0)
I think a lot of people just don't get how hilarious Spivak is. She is a wit.
Any suggestions for a quick but tasty dinner along the BQE between Astoria and the Verazzano, without parking drama?
Second in line waiting for Tilia in asi. Mpls. To open for brunch.
idk, are those taken?
I want you all to myself. /:
And the catch is only as good as the pass RT : The pass is only as good as the catch.
It started out as a stabbing when we got the first call, then it became a homicide as we arrived. Intense!
Exciting news! We've been invited to be a member of the Oklahoma City Cybersecurity Association!
Chat: Rangers play 2 vs. O's
: do you ever refer to as "Mr. Anderson"? if not, you totally should
how many tweets from people do you get each day? how many right now? follow me? (:
I live in said skin cancer trap, I will tearfully wave goodbye as I am engulfed in flame when u depart
HA! I'll think of something! Good to hear you had great workouts!
Ennis and gerbe look playoff ready...connelly and butler don't
here. This is your twitter back. This is cool.
Hi William! The stupid mobile app is hiding my prof pic, trying a new one just now. :)
ugh kevonte suspended dis gone b lame my brother aint in class widd me
Has anyone seen Mello? Lets go Heat!
Just placed my order for the candied yam cupcakes!
Have a news tip for your blog. What's the best way to get it to you?
back at you! Have a great weekend!
Find that happy place and close out the world and relax to your favorite music today!
Boston archives using twitter to open access to the content in their collections. love it! I'm subscribed to so many archives feeds!
Why stick around , when i feel like ima be hurt ?
i think i may come down to help move paige out
Hope the baby is safe and well loved
Movie night with my best boy budd. #The Matrix Can't believe he's never seen it. BTW he's such a drama queen! Ooh we need ice cream!
follow us !!! PLEASE :D
Sometimes you need to run away just to see who will follow you.
Have already taught 3 classes of inspiring yogis this morning and gearing up for more! See ya at noon at Sweat Hot Yoga!
In a Verizon store. Not a single Wimdows Phone in sight.
What a great day! Photo session with and then TVM rehearsals with an awesome group of girls!
I wanted to see the hunger games today!!! :(
;) girlfriend <3333333 i guess Ima be with u nutrition n lunch. Better come
Then I def don't wanna tip no weak stripper when I already paid for two beers and a shot lol ...
Just got my new #kindlefire at the post office! Now I know y they didn't leave it under the stairs - it says kindle fire real big on the box
Follow on Twitter. The Father of Self-Deportation.
my family always has me rolling <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Your welcome (=
we do indeed <3 and too!
hi how r ya
So what is the worst song in the world?
This Saturday 02/11 at 49West Coffeehouse, Annapolis accompanying
Need to get going on this again.
no way jose
On the way to the beach with my beautiful mother ;}
Tickets for COC, Torche, Black Cobra, Gaza, and OX now available at Zion's Gate Records on Capitol Hill!
Tip: Roll with resistance
Good night to all my followers and god bless:o)
Tebow presser drinking game. Drink whenever Tebow uses the words "humble" or "blessed"
So what you are saying is that we won't be seeing you for years to come. ;)-
im here baby :)
where man.
I had a weird dream that put me in a weird mood...
Live in the moment.
haha lol Yuppers so I'm off to bed talk to you tomorrow! Goodnight
Ugh... that was supposed to say two weeks.... typing too fast. *hangs head in shame*
you ain't got no sales, sucka!
trying to get you to follow me. What do you say handsome? Hmm :)
All I want for my birthday is a Travis Zajac jersey. That's it.
haha sometimes Twitter is really off on their suggestions huh?
I always wanted to see her in concert she is my fav artist I wish I could get a follow from her
After the Marshall trade the Dolphin brass said "Be patient, you'll see"- Ok, No Manning, no Flynn.. Well, we're waiting....
"Newt, Mitt shook his thing at me last night." "My God, Calista. His penis?" "No ... his wallet." "Hmm ... interesting ... interesting"
Seeing a relationship status and thinking "I'll give it a week."
can't wait for yoga this morning :)
Andrew Luck. #kidding I take Ryan or Stafford over Rivers..
We don't like you nerds around here, stinking up our precious geek space. :P
u want go to ATl on the 19th 300$ cover to hotel travel cost and ticket to the underground awards
Very nice welcome from Julie Underwood (Provost). Has a Wii avatar - wonder if we can get her into WOW?
#TastemakersKS where you at?
put your dog on the curb perhaps? We wouldn't want griffin to get hit by a murder car now would we.
we really need to make a trip to
Should have taken that #AintnowayAroundit beat Jeezy.
reading Maryland History Day papers....
You have won me over. When I am nice, they smile and say my thoughts are great and then walk away. No more mr nice guy
Fisher says this is the "biggest, broadest" campaign has ever done. He thanked all volunteers
RIP Maurice Sendak "Please don't go. We'll eat you up. We love you so."
Finally fixed a broken twitter feed that was annoying me. Should be sleeping.
awesome, thank you!
Long day been on my feet
Who has something cheerful to say? Filing and faxing have made me captain of the Grumpleading team.
One of my students obliquely referred to the constitution as a religious document.
Pain is nothing compared to what it feels like to quit. -Author Unknown
just realized that Saturday is cinco de mayo #goinmadhard in boston
So who wants to take me on holiday?! :)
That's right! RT : Looking forward to seeing all of our followers and customers at IBS this week!
RT : Oh, you have two cell phones? Please, teach me how to talk on multiple devices at once. cc
This Girl really wanna know who I am lol
Tarik pass on the word to KALLAO to spread some event shouts to , at Linnemans tonight 9PM
Veronika is MAGIC with vegan recipes! Death by Chocolate vegan cupcakes are in the case!
sounds like a plan.
My fortune cookie didn't have a fortune!! So rude!
5 MORE FOLLOWERS TILL 600? omg just last week i hit 500 followers... :D you guys are awesome!! Adding more pics on our twitpic...
I've become obsessed with working on my new website...I wish I was a real geek, not just a pretend one :-/
my upstart business would be a fresh, competitive, profitable biz in a recession proof market. Banks are destroying my dream..
627? Are you a cyborg version of my childhood friend? Or are you claiming to be from Santa Rosa, CA?
Florida Under 8
I love how one hour turns into 2 and a half and falling asleep randomly 1 and a half hours later.
7 Personal Branding Tips For Introverts | Personal Branding Blog ...
yeah I love how that guy started trying to act like a badass
great and normal , I was grounded last weekend , and It was terrible :/
God will provide.
Michael Taylor hitting well today
I get paranoid too much.
Yes Sr. Happy Born Day my Boy! :-)
There is nothing like a dream to create the future.
whats up? (sorry for the late reply I kinda fell asleep ;/)
xD lmao! Its happened to me too and i kept getting so pissed!
Traveling back to home with folks from #joplinschools. Set up my #Virgin mobile #MiFi and we are all checking email and surfing.
“: I hear hulk is awesome.” You heard right, man. Run and see this now. I'm not even kidding.
Aw I would *love* that! August 3rd. 201 West Monument Street, Baltimore, MD 21201. Thanks so much!!
I bet some guys YOU'VE liked have been disgusting. & NO. she's NOT.
"Ben," her email read,"I miss you every day. Would I leave Matt? In a heartbeat. In a second". She hit "send." To Matt's address.
WE got Proof just got the Note back from GMAC we are official send in all your deals !!!
would love to go but probably will still be recovering from ATP fiscally and spiritually
I look like a little thug lol
When Joe see's the new Nike Jet uniforms, he might not get soo excited
I've been trying to write this Senior speech for five days and I just can't seem to make it sound decent.
What up everyone! Hotel staff is going nuts for the WORLD CUP today! GO MEXICO!!!!!!
People that talk on speakerphone in pubic <<
are your ears burning? and I are talking about you. (all good things. promise.)
- Kaitlyn, I really don't think I'm in a position to help you. Wish I could help but I don't think there's anything I can do 4U.
Going into an intensive acting workshop this weekend everyday from 10-6, I REALLY hope I can stay awake during this....
(just fyi... changed my user name to )
I get excited over a perfectly folded stack of shirts
Really hate the truth
#teamfollowback I always follow back (: LOVE YOU.
If you can be a value-adder, you will be rewarded. Never forget that equation.
well said!
are you taking a trip to miami anytime now?
i was in H&M earlier today and your album was playing :) :) :) can't wait to see you!
what are you talking about? I was totally there last year - and yes I'm on several panels. Should be fun!
Apple Messages (beta) just dumped every last one of my preferences, messages and its main window. That's kind of a bug.
Ha! No! Either your image or my monitor makes them look red & green. OK … good shoes for … working near traffic?
sounds like my house.
where my GT's at?
Josh helped him get his job by destroying the Broncos.
would it be safe to guess that thursday's show will include a lot of songs off the new record?
my first time
HI! :D Where are you!? Do you come back tomorrow? I miss you're face.
i am shocked at how much i get done when working from home. i tell ya what. that piper dog is ruthless...
yup bye lol
Printer randomly spat out a document it refused to print over a week ago this morning. Holy Ghost of Print Jobs Past!
Grg I dominates the field in Golden Tee but then pulls a John Daly and bows out after 10 holes to hit the bar...
Thanks to people like our Giuseppi Logan project on Kickstarter is a wild success.THANKS ALL!
it was. prob gonna do my best soon tho
Ah, yes, there is. I believe the Lupus Foundation is there too? My team will be attending the KBD event on Wed. @ Eastern.
when I was at the U, there was one per major sport on both the men's and women's side and split the other sports
co worker is complaining about phones ringing, um, excuse me but your job is to answer the phones...
dont forget she has more than one hole and she might b down for a threesome
u two sisters stay sick, poor baby.
You know you're a Swiftie if you don't give up on your dream to meet Ms. Swift :) Kepp on dreaming Swifties xoxo
But he did get up. Smith would have had to hit him much, much harder for that to happen.
Corey Hart....let's bunt!!!
FREE registration if you tweet to us or call & mention twitter! Sign up for one of our fall events today!
We should have done that against Auburn a few years back.
It's the 13th inning, two on, no outs, we're out of position players, and Rock is legitimately wondering whether we'll bunt.
don't fall asleep
When people say i love you then i say it back and they say "i know"...
I'm already loving it. But I'm going to sleep yalla have a good night Lauren. Keep in touch. Mansaf got me twisted today.
Way to fucking cut me off you stupid ass fuckin iowan. Eat shit and die shit head. Ill kill
This is how my week goes: Monday, Tuesday Wednesday, Thursday, FridaySaturdaySunday.
"Vacancy," the 2011 Tokyo MountZine-winning collection of 35mm photos taken at—and on top of—NYC's World Trade Center in 1998. bit.ly/omesul
showed your video yesterday at Club TCM to at least 200 great film fans! Video was very well-received.
If you lose my trust, you're not getting it back unless u work for it. Even then, it probably won't be the same.
. = McMahon's pet project
Oh Yu. You crazy with the pitches. c:
do you think if I send u my Raji pic you could see if you can get it signed? I'm having no luck getting a response from him...
American reunion, it was alright it could of been better.
Morrissey should really shut up. He's just not that relevant anymore.
woo hoo! nice base hit!
welcome to the show...hope your NYC show goes well!
Sorta like not talking to anyone and just chilling by muself tonight
we need a guy to call the show right now 414-799-1099
certainly looks that way
Thanks homie, I needed that. #Respect RT .keep ur head up homie it can't rain all the time
RT : Young or old, boss or non-boss, your longterm success largely dependent upon your mentoring skills-ATTITUDE-practice.
Cindy's colleague Jim is already in the mix. Thanks!
#Patriots Defense steps up big early today!
Sotomayor is not a cone.
number one trending topic to my bday thanx brodeeeee
just makes me want to redecorate everything.
Visit the "Mapping Our Tears" exhibit & see testimonies of local survivors, rescuers, and liberators. Open Mon-Fri 9- 4 and Sun 11 - 3.
Sleeping on a porch? I mean I guess that's okay...
Just changed my first flat tire. Highly overrated.
There are ten human body parts that are only 3 letters long.
“The best use of money as a motivator is to pay people enough to take the issue of money off the table.” -Daniel Pink, 'Drive'
haha I am a cranky old man!
no no
Carl Pavano is pitching extremely well! Go
White boy can straight chuck it. Didn't have to go to Japan for the arm Cash, figure it out.
Of course, the big thing is if anything goes wrong w/ the pump. They're like $1500. :) But that is the only moving part.
No problems when you live in the solution
Choppin it up with my Sis .. For sure Oovoo Tomorrow doe
It's election day. Please vote for for US Congress.
hahaha I know it was a long overdue reunion!!! I missed you too! Next time pictures !!
whats good for tonight ?
We're stacking some 114 year old pine beams in our warehouse before Alex hits. Are you ready for the storm?
lol i gotta start somewhere then imma get "être soi-même" somewhere on me this summer
Troy, 1 of our 13 kids from Spare Some Change just reported that he now has an apartment, a job AND is going to college full time! GO TROY
Africa and my brother and because Africa is one of the most exotic, beautiful continents in the world
We are all meant to shine We were born to make manifest the glory of God that is within us. It's not just in some of us; it's in everyone.
In our defense.. Well.. We got nothing. That's pretty awkward.
Yesterday's apple had a dead ladybug pinned to it with a spiderweb! Today's apple isn't nearly as rad.
I intend to spend as much of the rest of the day as possible sitting on the porch reading the new Caro book
Did we have homework?
Thanx for the suggestions. Now to actually put them into practice.
OMG i have been saying #areyouleaving all day today because you know where i am :-)
I'm surprised more people haven't been talking about this email bode sent out...
Playtech Enters Into Online Gambling Agreement With Mexico’s Caliente
Learn the basics of bicycle maintenance at booth 97, 2 p.m.
#10FactsAboutMe I can turn one of my legs completely in the opposite direction
Congrats on your article and thanks for drawing my attention to it. I look forward to reading it, Nathaniel.
At the park with !!!! miss her <3
DEREK IS GOING ROGUE
Wonderful peeps who have rocked my world this week! Thank you!
I LOVE the positive words. Thank you so much! :)
I've been wearing dresses/skirts basically all week.
Huzzah! RT : Results are up! Pitstains in with a final time of 26:33:17!! 1st place when it comes to stank!
Opening: Friends with Kids, Afghan Star (7pm, March 14th, tix $5), Continuing: A Separation, Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy, The Descendants
Yes, but that will require significant and extensive push-back. We better start organizing right now.
can u tell people to follow me please <3
DeNiro should apologize for calling Callista Gingrich white when clearly she's a pinkish opaque plastic color with Clairol #2 hair.
Now Lemmie Get Bacc To This Research Paper
With all networking sites out there why is LinkedIn so expensive?
I'm reading DC Dead by Stuart Woods
not really its hard 2 think of nicknames when its a fly band like mindless behavior
Want me to order you a case each of Hater-Ade & PeptoBismol?
No, I was saving that for
can I seriously smoke then play in your curly hair?
Totally know what you mean... RT : Trying to look good for work looks bad on my room.
HARRY! omg i love you<U+2665> please follow me:D x
idk if It was ever official. Idk if it ever will be bc of monoply issues with the government
Absolutely incredible. Will post pictures tomorrow
no i'm way too shy, he'll probably talk to me or any other hot guy when i'll lose the weight
Why spend mine? When I could spend yours! <U+E105>
Save $2 each by getting Open House tickets in advance at Old National Bank. See you Friday night/Saturday afternoon
Learning to enjoy it when people attack my views. They manage to stretch my brain to think beyond where I was before.
Word. I was just wondering. You're a babe regardless.
just in case. but double check with them too.
serious. Parents have to spend some kind of time w/ their kids. Why not make it mutually beneficial?
simpin (per urban dictionary) When a guy or girl are sprung on someone or something.
And we luv you 2 Queen
also, I saw shirtless guys at 2nd & Madison today holding a sign that said "honk for pushups." What's with all the push-ups?
Final in Chicago! Knicks lose and Milwaukee takes 8th place on the tiebreaker!
ok then please let me know what you think! The more feedback we can give about the ATC series the better!
PAPER WRITING PARTY IN SAVERY! (by "party" I mean just me. Lacan may make an appearance)
dear god please tell me more
MT #musetech folk! I'm *real* now :) - FT Digital Marketing Content Coordinator. Fully diving into social media!
Happy Halloween! Congratulations to Liz Rapp who was married on Saturday!
Trying to decide which is my favorite April fool's day tweet while trolling for google pranks (3 so far).
Damn i love me some CooCaa
Goin to my boys lab
Wonderful! I'll dm you with details on how to register for a press pass. Looking forward to having you!
I choose to be the best that i can be.
thanks for the RT - hope to see you then!
k, it will probably be sometime tomorrow. i'm at work then i've got the fam coming over for dinner.
Can someone explain to me what a #twittercrush is? I mean, from the way described it, it deserves to be AK'd.
Got any good news to share? ;-)
Can't get the concept of "Tractor Moments" out of my head (from last week's Solutions Group meeting in Bozeman).
I'm doing 2012 Junior Road Nationals. No matter how well or badly I do, I've always wanted to do it & I'm not letting my dreams pass me by.
This whole cooking for myself isn't going as I (optimistically) expected
EdenSchool: the imp. Q to ask abt modifications "does it impact their ability to execute the task"
It would start raining when I wake up from my nap <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Hincapie: #287g and #SB1070 is lose-lose: they raise risk for racial profiling and cut ties b/t police & communities of color
I thought you were going out to the trails.
damn I didnt ask you to agree lol wyd
"This is not the Fluid you are looking for, you can go about your business" Follow for great info on eComm, SocialComm, UX. UFM Here.
The new is opening RIGHT NOW in Carmel Mountain Ranch! Stop by and let me know what you think!
he is such a great interview subject, I'd watch it without question.
Worrying and stressing out will only slow me down
Happy Tuesday!!! Make it a great day!!
i do follow you..
Looking forward to seeing Paul Simon and Wynton Marsalis this Friday at JALC. The troubadour and the trumpeter together.
yes got it :) as long as u add the @ symbol before their twitter name everyone should get it
Bought a new desktop with 23" flatscreen...online poker never looked so good!
I rule the night.
got your phone back?
im bored !
See me in the hood, the gangstas sayin' wasssupppp....
well hello there.. haha! :)
Next up, #WCWCEOLivePool live from Atlanta.
LOL, Kat is just a LITTLE bitter!
your welcome. Hope it went well for you, love your apps!
hahahaha, shoun was the worst though!!
New Mac now has all the bells and whistles, time to edit!!!!
Getting ready to watch the #BlackPowerMixtape on the big screen
I guess I should include some VO stuff in here. Finished up a job today at #WorldWideWadio. Booked a #HotelDelCoronado spot for February 7!
Early cinco de mayo:)
How to set choose responsive breakpoints: start w/mobile, expand window until it looks like sh!t. "Whoops, breakpoint!"
Congrats in either case!
“Valor grows by daring, fear by holding back.” Publilius Syrus Thanks to our courageous heroes!
watch out for those people trying to relieve themselves while sleeping.
Damn. Our washer machine sounds like a racing car.
yea i bet thats sad but wht ever gone head and get it in
I have a music consultant on board who has his own Album. I am co producer on a new Album. We have the contacts!
R.I.P to all the real niggas world wide
Pop up to his ol' tricks again...lol
you're such a mean person.
looking forward to roadtripping to 's Dia:Beacon &
20thC model of education you add spaces together - but 30% is dedicated to circulation (negative double-loaded locker-lined corridors)
Rode 7.7 mi on route 'Home to work', in N/A (avg: 0 mph) on my 2009 Gary Fisher bike. Odo 700
The artwork Barbara is showing from K12 students in distressed schools are masterpieces. Truly impressive.
This classroom is so cold <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A8>
You can't talk to somebody when they are scared to confront you! They just keep on runnin' talking shit behind your back!!
I NEVER Want To Be Called My Name By My Own Chiled In The Future !
congrats buddy.
Maine woman vows to protect a farm, and its way of life
You go ahead and tell me what you think you should be doing for me.
At the launch of the #SuJanklowArts Program. Fascinating panel discussion on the future of the arts led by Barbara Walters.
C++ was not revolutionary at the machine level. C kept making Unix and Windows run small hardware. But different paths.
Great conditioning session with the team this morning! Our strength staff is doing a great job this off-season.
Thanks for the RT! And the words of wisdom. :)
“At first dreams seem impossible, then improbable, then inevitable.” – Christopher Reeve
Because of , I make a wish at 11:11 (:
thank you my friend!
Crazy. Disney just bought Marvel Comics. Does this mean we will some day see Spiderman dangling off of the castle or the X-men at Epcot?
Playing draw something with
Most definitely. Years of business classes in college made that a habit. LOL. I have a plan when Im makin groceries.
now watching finding mr destiny... ulet.
Tired of riding in a car. 2 more hours.
I don't really care about the football game, I think I will stay at home and catch up on my podcasts...
I'm sorry that'll never change:)
Going to barnes and noble :)
Cell phones and laptops are dying - we need power cords!
I have to go back to #coachella for round 2. Anyone else in?
This Saturday, November 12, 10 am to 5 pm, fall trunk shows
sometimes simplicity is called for!
Back home, suitcase still just inside door. Was kinda hoping fairies or elves would have unpacked it while I was out... no such luck.
the opposite of depression
They uncovered a new (ancient) calendar this past weekend. #psych!!
ALMOST TO THE WEEKEND! ARE YOU READY? Green cookies for all down at Credo's Saturday Computer Clinic 3/17 10-2pm ^jl
Asik is kiiling it in OT
Watching the dance moms on Anderson and wondering how an 18 month old child can attend a dance class.
No kidding. Thing is, I thought I was doing great at decluttering lately, too. Harsh!
tiger beat or w/e it's called... i haven't read those since i was like 12
Stay. Social Sun night while being a part of great cause @ "New York City Loves Japan" @ Cielo Club NYC. Benefit Red Cross Japan
I'll Send you some free recordings mp3 of mine. Frnk, Tony, Dean type Music. Just follow me Jay Markoff on Facebook.
LETS HAVE A PARTY
Maury: non-stop running PSA for birth control...& the worlds worst hook ups..YIKES!!!
True story: Mayoral candidate randomly shook my hand at the food carts yesterday. Also true: I didn't know who he is.
a private life with a special someone is far more fulfilling than a public life with a million nobodies...good company=
lmaooo got my attention <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0086>
We are too! We can't wait to hear her thoughts on poverty.
i was getting into the mass effect 3 bounty weekend challenge
So, the Obama Administration and its record number of Bilderbergers in its administration has started to poison our children's food supply.
Right when I'm about to start singing EVERYONE AN THEIR MOM COMES TO MY HOUSE WTF WHY
It is unattractive to speak kind words in someone's face and then trash them when they aren't around.
R.I.P. JOE FRAZIER
whatever i took was DEFINITELY NOT pilates haha, I think the classes got changed and I ended up in some aerobics bootcamp!
Such a beautiful morning! A nice rain always clears the air and makes everything brighter. Looking forward to a good day. Hope 2 B busy :-)
wow. Im not gonna start a fight thats your oppinion but if any other mahomies saw that.Oh you dont wanna know what'll happen
"I don't like naps, I like fun."
You can have money, if you don't neglect the gift that is inside of you.
RT : Oh shit!!... the new bar on the 2nd floor patio at is DOPE! Come check it and tonight!
I know! Hey I gtg but ttyl
and the Colts had the #1 pick.
Killing off characters, rethinking all parts of finale. Glad I have a co-writer!
Go Green!
#LALA RT cute shirts, great people and even better food!
Dream but don't sleep. It takes everything you got!! No days off.
your absence has been noted.
Vendor issues... How to proceed? Okay just this once, more George Bailey, less Old Man Potter.
come on, Kila!
I was the last kid to get cable in my neighborhood, watched all the old shows!
If your reading this your beautiful even if your a guy don't let anyone tell you different! :)
and here's hoping for a non-paper subscription though I'd miss keeping some covers. I'd pay the same for it.
omg parents really make me angry
What does the 9th place finisher in the Kentucky Derby have to do with a Seattle Arena?
Sidney Crosby has been traded to the LA Kings; will use alias "Jordan Nolan" more to follow..
Fall is the season for mushrooms. Supervise your dog when he's outside as toxic fungi can be harmful or even fatal.
I hate when I'm drinking,and the ice just attacks my face.
The consequences of disobeying is being tortured, in the article, the victim gets electrocuted.
you got it. Anytime you wanna interview, let us know. Our guitarist Jason is back from New York tomorrow
Ah...yeah...feeling it out here in LA too!
without a doubt man. He really rose to the occasion.
in the city until Sun & have my sched lined up! I've missed that feeling of not being able to walk! Are you in LA?
Thanks for the endorsement!! BTW, some of us are frmr Gatsby, I think we may have played a show together back in the day...
Wife is heading out. Time for me and my son to watch
- the employer does. Like a traditional IRA, the money in a SEP IRA is not taxable until withdrawal. One of the key advantages of a SEP...
My mom uses mothers day as an excuse to get me to garden with her...
I'm flamin the $hit outta this nigga when he done with his page. ;-)
looks like a good film. sean penn is pretty amazing in his roles.
it has my name in it hehehehehe
#Cypha time with
I can't sleep so I'm gonna clean my room and blast Ellie goulding. Hey neighbors, hope ya like this song ;)
Some girls seriously need to learn how to control their whore-mones.
Glanced at next years schedule for the …stoked for The Rite of Spring in November!!! I'm having classical concert withdrawal.
Is 'Thank people for like-ing and following' a real reason to use Facebook...chicken and the egg thing here.
Just bought our album artwork ;)
Do to an unforeseen family crisis I will be unable to attend The U.S.S. Hornet. I apologize greatly for any inconvenience this may cause.
Did you see the Cindy Sherman show at ? If so, what did you think?
if it's not too late, we have great (cheap, skilled, US trained) dentist in Mexico City.
Watching "Teeth"... This movie is insanely hilarious and very creepy.
snow and cold seems to be leading to a slow day in the WC
"She loves you. Sure, sure, sure.
ok thanks
Saw you on the news a while back btw- you definitely should be makin more for fighting. Female fighters are so undervalued.
Ed Sheeran has such a beautiful voice <U+2665>
Need a new workout playlist. What are your suggestions?
pretty overwhelmed at the kindness, generosity and professionalism with the new colleagues . I knew about this, but wow.
And there's a kid wearing a jersey at the NU/OSU bball game. Guess he haunts OSU everywhere!
Frank Lloyd Wright~ The truth is more important than the facts.
I'm at cooper high!
YES Dominique
RT : And, a bit closer to home, #happybirthday to mStoner! We celebrate 10 years in business today!
RT Pretending not to care but actually wanting to cry. :/
i shake life
Last full week of high school... Crazy.
Full & time to smoke :)
boys boys boys, we love them! :D
u are amazing!! So talented:)
Great game! The win was there but thats how it goes sometimes. Enjoy your birthday! It's only a game!!
I had a dream last night, we drove out to see Las Vegas.
cool. i wonder if anyone recorded it....
Why not?
Joe Flacco isn't special, Ray Rice is...
Thanks for the tweets regarding my post! Appreciate the support :)
Stuck on a plane ..... 3 hours now
wanna take me on a date? I'm a professional at tonsil hockey if you are interested. ;)
&& I was the dumb one for believing you meant what you said..
As a recruiter I recommend the employed DO NOT Check in to a Job Interview ;-) Could be weird.
dam that's hot lol
I have more iPhone cases than a 14-year-old Japanese girl
Thanks as always for the RT! Hope your Monday is going well! :)
Nothing like getting ur nails did after spending hours at the DMV. Patience is not my virtue.
" no #FF means Follow Friday. I'm suggesting that my followers, follow you. :)
We will Celebrate Halloween with happy hour prices Friday and Saturday from 11pm-2am
The special issue of the New Age, the opinion piece in The Crisis, and the discussion in The Freewoman are particularly interesting.
I ate spaghetti for lunch so I'm totally prepared for Bloomsday tomorrow.
Where's my mace ?
GIANTS!! Brady's kryptonite! What a game
text me
So I can't wait till i goe home and be with my baby Igh august needs to come sooner
La Grande Illusion (1937), review: Jean Renoir's drama about the demise of Old Europe, La Grande Illusion, holds..
Yes they were mine, and thank you! :D
maybe they was high OSS
Call the popo!
i don't...but the window for Floyd/Manny is closing..not many people care anymore...
Itchin to get on the water
Never say die. Say "dice." Otherwise people will know you play Dungeons & Dragons.
Dear microwave, why is my plate so hot, yet my food so cold?
No no. I was thinking of Burton Baton. It's an English Old Ale mixed with Imperial IPA.
We have 666 followers...that can't be a good sign. Quick, tell someone you like to follow us!
we will !
You killed it man. Your fans are "Begging" for you to go to the finale.
BRO WERE SO COOL SURFING IN THE SAND
so, you turned 40 yesterday? Happy B-day, Tine. I guess I can't help it - 2009 was rough and I put on a lot of weight, lol.
goodnight sweetheart
Math test
SO Ready...lets do this!
“ we can still talk and thank u and if anyone says anything bad it's not me
Cause girl I gotta make you mine <3
FF4 Father is caramleinzing onions for our version of Five Napkin Burgers tonight! Yum!! Can't wait! Gruyere, rosemary aoili - delic!
“If you go home with somebody, and they don't have books, don't f##k 'em!” <U+2015> John Waters
I am just sitting in my room and replaying over and over your cover. I <3 U!!!
] Timothy Ferris on how to lose 20 lbs of fat in 30 days without doing any exercise
's eyes are red in every single picture
Beyonce is a beast
It's a COJ tradition. Tried to ban Elvis back in the day
your so pretty(:
There are many things that I like about Austin, but the preponderance of burnt orange clothing is not one of them.
omg. for track!? I just got home too!
Today Marks 4 Years of An Amazing Online Banking Experience With ! No Unexpected Fees, No BS! Who Do You Bank With & Why?
Minakami: Wet and Wild « Sports + Travel Singapore
Saw chronicle finally, it wasnt as good as i had hoped but it was cool.
Omg yes!! Thanks for telling me
"Words without feelings, are like sails without wind"
Ugh, she's disgusting in it.
LO!! I should have :-D
ur face is going to stick like that.
just launched some new #FRESH gear: fplabel.com (hope all is well brother and the hustle is strong!) bless.
This is a great day for some Pho.
girl, at least you had a summer! :'( when will I see youu? About time I can make it to a CAC meeting!
So sad to see that is leaving :( he will definitely be missed.
In class ....just breezed through my final..yes...
Dude, Fielder sent that ball screaming!! Go #Tigers!
Swear I heard a "WHAT?" chant when RGI announced that last pick.
its is $8 for yours.
Wait Glossybox in the US is twice as much as Birchbox? Are the products a lot bigger?
Fat Tuesday - wish I was in New Orleans for the festivities!
thanks for the shoutout!
Has anyone ever wondered what the ratio of cars to parking spaces is?
On the 7th day of Xmas, my true love gave to me more hours.
Everyone have a great day and look out for two new blog post. One from me and a guest writer. :-)
What a beautiful day at Posh!
search bags
Guess what I'm listening to. HINT: 2001.
"Like" Brunette Grenade Retouching on Facebook for a chance to win #FREE #photoretouching!
RT : Caro: "What if Jon Stewart asks me how LBJ would've handled the issue of gay marriage?"
miss you felicia!
shout out to the mad skillz multitasker who can edit videos and still listen to #sociallaw talk - edit my vids pls =)
i want to make love to you
Did you think it's delicious?!
Whats up man! I'm coming out to shoot photos at Sutra tonight! Can't wait to cover your set.
I'm G for gangsta, you G for
Happiness is a state of activity.
Thanks for following me!
I think Denver had more matchup problems for the Lakers than the Thunder. We already know MWP can lock down Durant.
Eminent Domain is nothing more than the state version of "All your base are belong to us"
I never knew Marshall Grossman, but he once gave a very generous readers report on a very poor article I submitted to some journal.
shocked to pt of insltg a stranger at how this Prez has (or could have) U so snowed- he's a grasping, willing & lawless bagman
Sweet show tonight at shooting
Switching to DirecTV after this commercial fiasco, someone's getting fired
Game night at the tonight was great! Nice to get out of my comfort and mingle with new people.
Great hockey game...go
I plead the 5th :P
when I have a crush on someone I always think that they'll never like me back :( but I gotta go to sleep, school tomorrow -_-
DJing w Sonidero at the in #Flagstaff #Arizona for #CincoDeMayo Saturday night! holla
hows Nancy Grace still have a show..didnt she base her whole thing on tot mom..that didnt work out
I hope everyone voices an opinion to their political representatives concerning PIPA & SOPA
hoe I be outside
is saving a table for you!
I messaged youu.
lol yeah oh and btw he is transgender but hes a boy he never changed organs and stuff. here read this walejeydon.tumblr.com
actually find out if we can split one, that would be a fun photo shoot
Sad I missed - next year!
Whenever my mom makes four cheese pasta, she makes enough to feed half the world
Miss you as well.
too bad about orientation... it still sucks
My dad was white. He said the same shit. RT : Black Parent: I'm A Knock Some Sense Into Your ass!
It's our last day of school. Me dancing around the kitchen is goin' down in 3...2...1...
Just bought TheAudacityOfHope, The Human Factor:inside CIA's dysfunction, a vampire bk & a chick lit. You can't say I am not well rounded.
I need to reach 1k followers pleassssssseeeee help =D
yay! Time to get your room cleaned and pimped out<3
Final paper of the semester: done
All my votes go to and !
Thanks so much for the #FF :)
: bring the money home then.
RT Tweet your favorite song pick & include #BingLounge & to enter for a dedication!
In Seattle area, I bet sales of beer shot up Sat. morning, followed by aloe vera Sun., & sunscreen (future prevention) on Mon.
u, , and did that. Y'all stay ballin in the mix
With the new and improved hashtag #tweetmeyoursocialsecuritynumber maybe you should add #lifelock as one of your sponsors? Y/N?
that's almost a full three months!! Enjoy it girl! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0091><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0086><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0091><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0086>
Joey Barton. Never play again.
i know i already told y'all this but... I FUCKING HATE RESEARCH
any specific aspect of D & G? Let me know as I have a large folder full of PDFs pertaining to these dudes
Gotta go I'm watching The Princess Bride. Andre The Giant was great in this movie. Later peeps.
Todays a 2pac day , which means
Girl, he obviously doesn't want you anymore! HE LEFT YOU!!! Why do you think he tells everyone that you two never dated?! Hm..
BIGGEST FAN :-)
I cried when I never use to get my way
I would rather just spray that wrinkle free stuff on it and just wear it. Cancel out the ironing haha
Sorry about the whole earthquake thing, Baltimore. Experiment to power Boogs BBQ using nuclear fission not such a good idea after all.
Bass tip: When playing in drop "D" and whole step detuning modes larger gauge strings can help stabilize your instrument,try it ,it works!
Thanks for having us for today's discussion! And thanks for the mentions and !
Oh the red eye to DC for less then 6 hours......hoping I can sleep on the plane.
I hear there is confusion? Write anything to me, could just be a letter. In return I will send you 2 WINNERS for today. Free! Save your .99!
Where is & ? I haven't talked to them in forever o:
Thats just sad # Rose
I absolutely agree. Teal *rocks!* Surely that's exactly what was intended, right? :)
Hit me up when you need a REAL drummah!
I think it was fine! Dont worry about it!!
Happiness is a continuation of happenings that are not resisted. :)
thats quite the mental image. technically no but some big questions were answered tonight.
We placed 5th at the 9th Annual Rockabilly Chili Contest - Congratulations Riverwest Co-op for the three-peat!
Thank you for an inspiring and super smart talk yesterday. Everyone is still buzzing!
Just enjoyed a nice 7 mile run through Potomac Park! Perfect night.
RT #Follow Friday: good tweets:
OMG 20 MILLION FOLLOWERS. CONGRATULATIONS!!!!
I was leaning toward geek, but Pi as a nerd movie put me back in the middle. I LOVE PI!
Reminder: We're re-opening at 9pm with $2 FREE PLAY! It's also happy hour 9pm-midnight!
A late adopter, but I finally broke down to add this new-fangled technology. :D
love it
It was great to see you Seb! Thanks so much for making the trek and safe travels. Looking forward to LAWDI!
Alright. All caught up with #hbogirls and also addicted. LOVE.
If I am worth JESUS dying for, then HE is worth me living for.
I don't understand how celebs make so much money while most Americans have no money and can't get a job. Fuck that shit
So glad you participated!
Why is davidson in man def? Go zone, force perimeter shots.
Sorry for spam. Wait. No I'm not.
what no pic? You can't say something that without sharing lol
What do you love to text about?
We are in for an exciting final 8 minutes here.
I dont do da crowd shyt causes to much attention! !!
A2: Too much premium will come into play when those seats cannot be sold. Otherwise, build, build, build.... :)
watchin #raw :D i love the name pablo :D
Every bottle is a twist-off if you don’t mind bloody hands.
Gonna be a long week.
Damn that's really all I have to say...DAMN
Also: 's singing as Lee Marvin on THE SIMPSONS is more tolerable than the real Lee, and wagon-painting is never addressed.
Awesome...and NYC!!! (Can't believe you run more than me now!)
<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>FOLLOW HER PLEASE<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
Congrats Delta Tau chapter , named Sisterhood of the Year at !
Clothes dnt make the person the person makes the clothes
I love family nights.
Baking sugar cookies with my nephew :)
About to put some work in with make sure you guys follow them, they got some dope music.
Lolololol I see RT“: Shits about to get REAL ": Just seen mom in the office uh oh"”
quoting journey?
I love this verse :) Mark 5:36
I don't plan2do any covers of songs w/my astounding6+octave singing maybe sum obscure4charity.I don't feel da need2own someone else's legacy
sorry my phone is broken! and disconnected!
what's up with bears in Berlin?
yesssir @ whiteout bc he love the
What's next?Show who you are! Define #washington #DC at bit.ly/u6RHyv Send videos to !
Gettin my hair done!
Testing going great! Scanned ~1500 images of ~700 artifacts at the Afro in less than 14 hours, with only one machine up and running!
I've hit that point of the day where all caffeine consumed has worn off. It's all downhill from here.
Christmas shopping.
Always give with a HAPPYheart because that's what makes it realThe greatest gift of all is how it will make you and others feel-DeepakChopra
I spy ! First sign of spring...Pasty white people comin out of the woodwork round the lakes! J n I fit in well!
All hands are currently testing the new web sales interface. I'm proud of the team today. I really think you're going to like this.
hi Revon, we are an online casting room. See www.fitforthepart.com :)
Picked up Philip Rivers this week on my fantasy football team...pretty pumped.
ha HA! and hopefully at lest a few apples to pick in the fall.. :-/
Lmao, OKC is running away!!!!! RT if u and ur bff dnt leave me alone!!!!
its a beautiful day again yesterday was hot as fuck!
thanks for being good friends and being my crutches :)
Audition: New Horizon Theater, Inc (Pittsburgh, Pa) presents I Gotcha! Joe Tex and the Soul Clan! Details follow...
I physically can't get up
Love is like war: easy to begin but very hard to stop
for what
jealous, I have yet to go
#Firefly marathon on ? I just found my afternoon plans.
interesting!! I'm fine thank you how r u
More than 100 Norwegians have served in more than 100 international operations. Today we honour their service.
I'm not a good poker player because my poker face and my I'm taking a huge dump face are exactly the same.
Damn i hate being shy!
Tell us about the instrument orbiting Vesta.
Last. I like the freshening aspect. RT Do you eat your pickle first or last?
Thanks for the follow. Love your podcast!
This is a fantastic resource-- thanks for sharing. Is it Friday yet? Can't wait for this to be delivered.
Get in a car, start driving, stop when you feel your car go 'bump.' (ps: any East Coast time for you this trip?)
Happy Thursday! Guess what? Entertainment will be in two rooms on Saturday!!!!! Whatever you flavor we have something for you!
good night <3 :)
Frickin BBQ joints! I'll show ya BBQ!
The sun goes down the stars come out and all that counts is here and now, my universe will never be same i'm glad you came <3
well said!
You have a right to your own opinion? Then I have a right to tell you how fucking stupid it is.
red or white wine?
Nothing better than listening to 80's music while working!
hm ok haha
Ayn Rand is completely wrong. Brilliant people need normal people far more than the other way round. Only the insane are autonomous.
If you're going to wake me at 4 am it's best if you're wearing foot-y pjs and that your cuteness overwhelms the situation. coffee please :)
A week from tonite is our preview!!! And, we've just started our 4th year!!!www.theatrecompany.biz
Starved...cant eat but need to
fudruckers at noon then ths rest of day is up for what ever
I'm srry I rly am pls don't be mad Naomi ),:
plays drums like a cowboy
Oh my neighboor called. the police came but only 1 cop car for 50 kids smh
Mia Francesca, Davanti Enoteca, of Chef and Restauranteur Scott Harris' Chicago-restaurant group, now open Del Mar Highlands Town Center.
We loved having you guys the footage looks great ! we will have it up very soon:)
Aww, go glad you like them! HB!! And thanks for the RT! :)
congrats!! I expect to see some funny shit from you!
I hope you find him soon!
...bitch is you crying?! Hell Nawl !
I have finally gotten used to the idea of reading a book on my iPhone. Wow, that took, like, a year and a half to get to.
When shit goes down and sides are taken, you find out who's real and who's faking
wow. you could probably send that tweet to several people.
Who's there?
We did. Nothing like some HH to counteract a long hike in the Metroparks. Lol!
#PeopleMoreInfluentialThanRihanna Chris Brown cause come on he did win Round 1
Voter Registration at Brooklyn College today. Go register to vote Brooklyn College students.
It's all about the GRIZZ baby!!
Whether or not I ever gain enough mastery to do significant research in the language, I feel the effort is worth it.
o shit my bad.. I think I unfollowed by accident
Really enjoying being at 's #Gigs4Good for Good people doing good things!
Take that, and rewind it back. Anytime got the gym to make your booty go *clap*
check us out on Facebook and trojanvision.com! If you like what you see, send us an email at !
probably by the weekend? haven't touched the camera since coming back.
spin Thursday
Happy Leap Day !
There are no prerequisites,other than a good attitude & general interest in ballroom dancing. Don't worry if you think you don’t have rhythm
That's what life just is ! One big movie and guess what? You're the character that dies at the end !
I heard some rumblings about it. Think we can get some in time for the home opener?
I think there is something more important than believing: Action! The world is full of dreamers not taking action. Have faith, take action.
so glad to see u! Gave up sugar two months ago and have never felt better! My kids see the difference too!
Slumber party is combo of kid's new "Cat Club" & rock star theme w/ guitar-shaped b-day cake. Cat Club is for girls who like cats. Duh.
Thanks a million! super excited about this!!
#languagetrainingtip especially to speak at the cognitive level they do now. Think how you thought as a child compared to now...
let's build a guitar
Really enjoyed teaching on BVOV w/ Kenneth Copeland last week..
Steph and her roomie's bf are coming too.
Im scared to date in trenton anymore. Errbdy dun had errybdy already ! It simply starts out wit a
"embrace yourself. Embrace your health"-lil b
Good for you. You have voted!
I have concluded that the rotation of the earth is slowing down while wages have remained steady.
Im Boutt To Be Back On My Twitter Shitt :)
Fatal error: Call to a member function getImage() on a non-object in /usr/local/www/data/opencollection/tag_game/index.ph...
oh haha yeah you kinda do. ;P
In examinations the foolish ask questions that the wise cannot answer.
and now Jason Stackhouse on New Girl!
"Shawn Lane is a big influence I got into later...." Love to see the Best cited by the Greatest (or is it vice versa?).
so proud of you! U came so far! I absolutely love the video! Please come back to NY
What's up kid
Thank you & for an amazing #juniorleague training @ #nwxportland! So much information & so many ideas!!
Yes definately, Any suggestions?
Get a car, fill it with people, take them to Wall Street. GO NOW. Don't hurt nobody. Don't get hurt.
Starting Monday, we are giving you the chance to fly to Beverly Hills to see an exclusive screening of "Part of Me" and MEET !!
Brand New + Unit Six + Friday = APRIL FOOLS DAY COVER SHOW! YELLOWCARD. BLINK182. RAMALLAH. BRAND NEW
no I didn't and well this guy was like abusin my friend Rachel so I went over o his house right when he answere te door I
Haha yeah hopefully
I love you!
When kobe leave the nba I'm done watchin it. Its getting too soft now
Is it just me or does Firefox run at 100% CPU for anyone else?
bring me one! LOL
So jus kno when you fuck with gorrilas gorrilas gone show you its really whatever bitch
I kept asking the barista to level w/me but she played me :/ My fav girl quit & they took my fav drink off the list.
Waiting for My Heat and the gay ass magic to come on.
Please livetweet more classes!!! I miss being a student. :(
somewhere thats relaxing and peaceful
Beginning day 4 of #SXSW. Last night's movie, "The Sheik and I", featured the most intense and bizarre Q&A I've seen. Best Doc so far.
Be silly! Be honest! Be kind!
hey Paula you really think Sandberg would make a good big league manager ???????
If a dead body is left in a swimming pool too long it explodes
Happy Birthday
RT Why doesn't anybody live-tweet moments of silence?// I just did but I was twhispering.
Tagging that ass!! Lol
why all of a sudden does govt deem necessary to mess with the internet? They don't understand a damn thing about it.
You know you've been on my mind.. Everytime I miss you. .
#AT&T all day twitches! Verizon suckas! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
Im sorry if i DM u spam, idk why but my computer keeps sending it, i know its annoying!
Oh hunny. You should never poke a wild thing with a stick. Unless it's a very BIG stick.
Nothing is perfect.......except for brownies.!
Ha, I know. Just kidding. It's like a radio show that you can download and listen to whenever you'd like.
Daniel is hosting a "Cover the Night" meeting tomorrow at Three Friends Coffee House near St. Francis church. 201 SE12th bring a friend!
Missed the memo...where are the #twitter backgrounds??
Dinner was great, on our way to the club now, see you tomorrow twitter
there is abundant sunshine here this weekend. Too bad we didn't get home field advantage.
Thomas updates his Facebook, Beckett plays golf with a sore arm. SAME THING. SELFISH ASSHOLES.
Boot shopping. Fuck your jordans. If it ain't animal skin it's not a shoe.
that would be incredible!
Our vet has agreed to donate to our walk!! Yay, I can pick up a check this week!! Every penny helps!
why would you guess ?
Please bring back the blue and yellow sirens behind the basket for 3's!!!!
That morning when you can just feel something EPIC is about to happen. Priceless.
Thanks, I'll take a look
images leaked from mountain Lion beta that show iCloud file System & integration into finder so it would b great for ios
What's next? Eagles draft two more linebackers and a safety? Juan Castillo must quietly be running this draft.
Posting the need and the readiness for change. Let'n the universe know I'm ready and puttin it out there.
uhh im with him.
it does look a bit like a muffin with shaving foam on top!
Next time...
You just have to do your own thing, no matter what anyone says. It’s your life.
I was wondering if you were going to say more. This is quite right I think. Pray in multiple ways, often,
let me know when you send them hints
Such a beautiful day out side! Jk its down pouring!
2dayztill ; beach in a few
#Shoutout to for letting his friends on Facebook, Twitter and LinkedIn know about #YoungeHollywoodBlast!
our ribs win the NFL Tailgate Part award for best BBQ
Does seem strange to write a few thousand words and then decide it based on fuel economy stats, no?
Senators<3333 hope u ranger fans are happy;D
I did, and it squished my face
OMG, CAN THIS NIGGA STOP BULLSHITTING! I JUST WANT MY FUCKING IPOD, ARE YOU SERIOUS!?
So my parents want me to quit my job....
Great to see you last night!
why are yall messing with my baby
“: "There's a reason why I've played for 4 teams in 5 years," by Ramon Sessions.” ~ lol
:( miss you
still can't believe the cats are in the final four!
Hey Jessica! I wrote/produced Jocelyn Enriquez and Jaya's first hits, and I'm a big fan of you. More power & don't stress. :)
hahahaha find me
We are on the road in Ohio and Idaho this week. Stay tuned for more of my adventures with Flat Robin! :-)
nah lil spot called tap t Room.... cheap ass drinks
so much for sharing :(
He's grown into his role, even if no one cool wants to admit it. RT : Actually.... good discussion from Shaq.
You on some Island of Dr. Morø ish...
Collusion provides you w a fluid map of tracking cookies. Expand that to people/content!
Good morning! Thank you for that beautiful tweet! Perhaps you'd be interested in our prayer-app? See here www.birdofprayer.org
follow me
But I'm not complaining in the least though!
words that I have to remember everyday!
baha the force is storing with this one.
Visiting my boo with
i get to see my bitches and bambu tonight!!! <3
Business over Bullshit
Anyways.... we was ctfu on tha phone las night
I know anywhere in the uk is'nt there on the list..but #mahomies here would like you to come to the uk one day ,we loveyou<3
Ahha!!!!!!! Just fixed our furnace MYSELF with some of grand dad's tools & a lotta "In the name of JESUS!"
Tired as fuck....do I say fuck too much? Ah, who cares..
Portrait of the American Civil War, Nov. 6th, Hylton PAC, Manassas, VA with Washington Symphonic Brass! AUDITIONS still OPEN, call office.
RT :Hope Lady Gaga's new anti-bully org takes on Bully Limbaugh--he's been demeaning, disrespecting women for too long.
The one song that makes you believe! The one that makes you love! The one song that makes you ROCK!
Thanks. Let's connect tonight. RT : Business networking made simple through Spindows - video speed networking ay Startup Camp
#flapanthers where's the defense and attacking??? Come on boys!!
Nix the guilt. I claim title as world's lamest correspondent. Just fill me in on humanist group when chance arises.
I know it's been a while since you've had a massage from me but I'm still the best therapist in the city call me if u need me
Another perfect day for the food served outside....treat yo self to the nearest street food vendor...PS Mammy has a few mas dios
hey were trying to get in touch with you about the event we booked you for. We would appreciate it if you hit us back today
With my lover at spin waiting to meet
took the midnight train going anywhere!
about what?
Tell him to his face... RT : Seriously Bill Schroeder shut the fuck up...
"Hoe Hall of Fame" is trending. I nominate a forged steel model w a graphite handle purchased at Tractor Supply in '99 & still good as new.
if your legit you shouldn't have to fake it until you make it because you'll be there in the end regardless
teresa…why when you don't wanna talk about stuff you speak Italian? they speak it, we have subtitles & others (like me) know Italian…
Ok i can finally watch it ~LOVE . BE AFRAID.~
Sabotage = what we do when we know what to really do.
Headed to the Southside
Looking for some furniture to populate my new, somewhat sparse apartment.
My bowling sucks donkey ass tonight. :-(
Tracey you need to hurry up. I want to post a Gee already. XD
Is this rain an earthquake?
im going to lay down and pray.... /:
I love this Clippers team but the Griz look too determined to go on to round 2
Now when I look @ the moon, I think abt Newt. I dunno if it's the space program or the bloated face that's unjustifiably pleased w/ itself.
My last tweet was an insider.. *continues to laugh*
Hello! I was wondering how would i go about submitting my tv talk show portfolio?
note to self: in the future, do not buy a house on a large corner lot in a snowbelt state.
Ready for the Magic-Thunder game tonight after dominating and in knockout.
Happy Hump Day! Only two more days until the weekend!! So contact us so we can make sure your ride is ready to be seen!
Vote in November Chris! Just go to the US embassy, its by the coliseo :P
the #ManlyPoppins tag made me literally LOL. It now has an official spot in my lexicon. #ManlyPoppins needs to trend worldwide!
I honestly hate picture day.
I feel miserable :(
UL player Rakeem Buckles has arrived and is having lunch.
Cry me a river, build a bridge and get over it.
Carl said we was gonna lose every game and when we finally lose, he act like he right lmao
2 quarters down...2 more to go. Celtics got it in the bag..i just hope ray allen becomes hot this half
WANTED: Highly qualified Secret Service men and women to work security in protection of the President. Chastity vow required.
dude makes high modernism much more interesting.
Yes! Those are the conversations I love.
If nothing else, I hope so RT : we can agree that The Frey were just really, really terrible, right?
Thanks lovernut! Will see you after the
thank you!
would love to come back to NV, but I'll be in India, which doesn't suck.
Just wanted to say #THANKYOU to our newest business partner, !
If I ever needed confirmation the Catholic Church actively detests women their investigation into the Girl Scouts just gave it to me.
I am just very glad I went to a large school with a national reputation. Granted, I worked there, so extra bias.
my tits only get smaller & smaller, i swur
Any ladies want shoes to wear to cochella?
Something that won't embarrass you when you forget to put it on silent. RT : New phone, new ringtone. What should I choose?
is my future wife, but she don't know yet ;)
is it October yet?! I know u about to come back with your best season
Mr. Cuban, you can stay on that soapbox. Preach brother. I think we do need more evidence linking technology to learning.
then they will yeall at me more
Great job guys!! Enjoyed not having to be stuck infront of the tv!
and what would you like me to put my name on sir!!!
Got new contacts for my girl :)
That and no sparing with The Incredible Boos for his title bout with Rocky the Horrible Cat.
Someone come massage my back D:
Too kind thanks again.....
OMG i got hacked! but its okay now!
#2011icf Audacity in order to change the world for the better is the right kind of audacity
#Automaticfollow for launch coming soon...
When my mom and I walk out of our rooms come to find out, we're matching shirts... haha :)
I'm in love and I don't know what to do
oh and thanks
Everyone go follow !
Don't be sad pumpkin.
Thinking through 'development', production of 'youth', and the body as site of 'change'.
Computers have lots of memory but no imagination. ~ Anon
Forget the kids, whats your wife going to think!
I just uploaded some music to www.soundcloud.com/ jk michael music Check it out and let me know what you think. Thanks
Wtf I cant follow people right now o_O
chris i hope i see u before i leave anaheim!
#everygentneeds a girl with a smile sweeter than Charleston Sweet Tea and as bright as a Georgia Peach
Whoop Whoop! Thank you my #TeamTallandPretty friend. So are you Ms. Alluring and Tall! :)
Hollywood has a funny way of trying to condition us to receive the Antichrist. What is Hancock? A fallen angel who comes to save the world.
was in the building last night tearing it down!!
On tele again talking with Google about Networks in Search, so many great tools in the Adwords Admin panel.
START YOUR DAY OFF RIGHT=SMILE GOD LOVES YOU
Mark Twain: A man's love for his dog may only be eclipsed by a man's love for his cast iron dutch oven. (ok, he really didn't say that)
The DMV is pure torture
Who has kik and/or instagram?
Definitely! That would be great!
A1) I think that a strong mentorship program can be a good alternative to training and it supports performance.
"Wisconsin has led the way. We must support them because it's the right thing to do" -Nancy Whiting, Ashburg VA
Beautiful picture!
love it
Tweet me your show ideas for Dr. Oz
When its the end of the world, who's coincense will you clear?
Today, Federal Appeals Court Hears Arguments in case challenging the UT-Austin Affirmative-Action policy. Ugh.
Question, I’m in a throwback mood. So should I watch House Party or Krush Groove when I get home???
are u gonna pile on OKC when they start losing in the 2nd half? Or do u just pile on the blazers when theyre losing?
hey miss Johnson listen me you'll getting older! Trust me
U.S. stocks were set for a lower open Tuesday: #Markets take a breather from the first-quarter rally & consolidate ahead of earnings season.
alka seltzer my friend the shit works wonders I have stock in it!
stop by IVY LOUNGE when you're done w your food!
Finna text #oomf to make sure he's still alive.! Lol
Just because its not your train, suddenly stopping after rushing will make me jump on your back.
Moms homemade meatballs
Poop and Shower and Shower and Poop and Shower.
If a person doesn't want to be with you anymore, dont ask questions. Just let it go and they'll realize they lost something good.
I love getting new spacers because they're so soft.
lol I'm just nosey, hurry up !
We can install the full English version for 80 $ , reply if interested
Kaka is the first athlete to reach a million followers, what does that say about Twitter's future growth? Focus outside US?
Today: returned something, called state park& fellow bridesmaid, went to the grocery store, went to CVS, cleaned fish bowl. I'm useful!
Whoa-boy I'm having hockey withdrawal.
Think there gunna be a fight..o.o
New #instagram numbers: 27 million registered users...with a staff of 14 people.
Bradenton show went great! Now to repack for a early school show in the morning! I need someone to repack this stuff!
#3 Richie Wess "superman" On The Indie Top Ten Plus One Radio Show on www.blaze.wwradio.net
Having a room that smells like cake, when there is no cake. That's a tough situation to be in.
hey luke!
We're launching our Professional Volunteer Engagement Campaign! Tweet #RPLA to get involved!
Sometimes I wonder who has the bigger Beyblade addiction. Me or my 5 year old?
Thanks to all of our advertisers and readers for making 2011 a great year for Barcode Magazine.
!!!! Whasssup! and us r BFF's. She's the bestest! (grammar, not so much) ; )
Your very welcome!!! :D
I mean like I would ditch the stupid whore if I were that guy.
Thanks, always nice to hear! So funny that ones brain/thoughts are the hardest thing about running 26.2 NOT the actual running
I need the ultimate rub down man
When the actual street is cleaner than the sidewalk- you know you're in Chinatown
Have I hit 500k at the line or the end of the bar graph?
Shelvin Marc attack, three point shot before half-time. Go Butler!!!
make that hoe a twitter asap.
Coming home from #Boston! Gosh I love this city. Had a great time filled with dancing, new/old friends, inspiring, talent, and passion! Xoxo
It's Take Your Dog to Work Day! Did your pooch make an appearance at the office? Send us your pics!
ugh class was amazing I love u
Coming Monday deets on a MASSIVE Mother's Day Gift to win for your mom, but you should still get her a card, Moms LOVE THAT MUSHY STUFF!
We finally got our computers! We like them, keep following us to see what we can do with them.
Oregon got the sexiest jerseys ever lol
For Encourage a Young Writer Day, our owners are donating $5 for every occupied room on 4/10 to 25 rooms left to sell out...
Happy Renewal Season!
Our God Is An Awesome God
Heh. Company uses (against our will, long story). It likes to drop calls when I'm...sitting on the couch.
Data services hub will be a shared service provided to the states and exchanges. #MarkLogic is the foundation for this service.
follow and please :D x85
Hittin up our first band practice in a bit & myself.. its going to be interesting..
#avengers RT I'm sincerely and emotionally happy for #JossWhedon today.
had such a good morning and then bam I got hit with a headache from hell. going to lay down.
I can help. I am an interior designer. Place your biggest piece against the longest wall first.Good luck:)
“: When we use persuasive techniques, we have to avoid "dark patterns". - #idea10”
Umm what is this national anthem?
Keep forgetting to say I hope you didn't mix single malt and milk. Get some Clan Macgregor for that shit.
Went back to work and hand is still pretty bad.
Thanks Karen!
omg I'm so freaking stoked I see to my love lol ;)
That moment when u stop to realize uve been MIA from alot of people
AWESOME! Rock on!
Yes, I applied for 3. Digital Media, and 2 Marketing ones. Bummed I didn't hear back but I'm sure they picked a great team
it's reverse biblical, he's the only one who stuck with you.
thank you so much.
“: Just. Wanna. Shop.” Amen sister, amen.
lol I'll be back before you know it!
Shooting a commercial this Saturday for a student project. I'm playing a doctor. This should be interesting...
So I didn't intend to, but I fell asleep at around 7:30 pm last night... longest sleep I've had in a WHILE
All new PICTURES/BLOG/BULLETIN! Check out what's going on! Also, send pics of you in your Deja Vu Tee shirt and I'll post 'em!
Stop agreeing with Simon, his #EgoBandaid is going to fall off!
getting shots at bi-mart
Happy birthday have fun in Vegas you fuck! Love you
Every member in "Big Time Rush" looks like a complete douche.
Austin's moving to Miami? Oh my cousin lives there!!(:
Great Marketing discussion at the CEO Forum with and
And just like that, Joe Biden became the most influential man in Washington this week.
hahaha that's awesome! :)
hope you get invited to their trailer
Well played, sir. Well played.
Just me, but I'll be up here again working.
11/11/11! Come to LiLLiES for our amazing $7 Lunch Special or later on from 5-7 for Happy Hour!
ctfu shut up!!!! When u comin back
Ima wait bout another year til I finish school to have kids. I'm only 22
happy mothers day to your mom!
Progressives like to call public to Martial ardour/ organization, overriding Constitution for "greater good?" Not the Army, BO. We think.
Early bird registration for Annual opens at 9am CST on January 2nd, 2012.
Jk just saw a friend's mom. Everything's back in order <U+E420>
Happy birthday to my leetle sister <3
Thanks to all who came out tonight at the HaHa Cafe- you guys are awesome!
Someone let "Fix You" play as the losing Little League team walked off field today "When you try your best, but you don't succeed.."BAD CALL
Seriously? Wow.
#ff - an amazing and unique new chamber music festival. see what they're about!
see you tomorrow and rest of class at for lunch and learn!!
I feel like I'm wasting my time. /:
S/O to everybody at the Avengers premiere tonight!!
Humidifier special for twitter followers that cannot be beat! No more static electricity in the home & increased comfort in the home!
1st: espresso. 2nd: 8 mile run as prescribed by If you see a body along Dekalb Ave, please make sure no one steals my shoes.
"What kind of a rapping name is Steve?"
My whole world just fell apart again... /:
21 jump street and #chronicle look amazing!!
I hope someone guesses 1 and he retires today lol
ha ha ha.
Do you have a name for that "je ne sais quoi" that designers bring to their work?
After all that's happened, I'm just glad that both of my parents are home. Mom's still sore but at least she's walking now.
ah haha okay
OLLU SOFTBALL: Kailyn Miller scored a run for the Saints, and they know trail 2-4 in 4th inning.
he's dead.
Should any company anywhere be giving their CEO an $8.7mil exit bonus?
- downloaded it, cannot get it to work
Not to mention everything by Steve Martin.
nobody asked for your input lauren -_- you just made things mad #awkward. thhaaankkkss. ahahaahaahahahahahahaha
Thanks for the shout out chicas! :)
Ruby's Spa special! Go to the link, print out the page, bring to your appt for 15% off the Black Rabbit Body Polish, some restrictions apply
Why are some people still opposed to ebooks? They’re the same people that wouldn’t let women vote, because it would “disturb” things.
many of my friends got their freshman 15. I got my freshman -10
email me at jordynntaylor :)
Agreed! Makes the drafter look bad. I second the "benched" idea ()
Halloween Google Doodles Through the Years
Thank you to all who follow. Change CA'S fam/law system is crucial. The corruptness between players has to end. Children's voices..heard
"The act of writing is a kind of dislabor and translation. Eileen Myles
How about amusing? Surprised Moyer upset, not sure why Chipper went off. RT : Your thoughts on the Jones/Moyer thing?
Played MC Hunger Games for like 4 hours straight with Now, time to work on my site for a bit, then sleep.
it's shaping up to be your typical night here at equinox, who knows
Just had chicken tikka masala and tandoori with Stan. Now I'm off to walk my dog. Or more accurately, my dog is off to walk me.
The Mambo dance scene is really small. Be careful. Do not build a bad reputation; it will spread like wildfire.
ok when do you want to do this awsome party xD lol
These are what games 7s are all about.
biopsychosocial approach to problem behavior... The perfect storm. It's overwhelming at times. Then add faulty systems.. Ugh
yeah comments like that make me think as broken as things are it could be MUCH worse
People living deeply have no fear of death.
Nibbles is awesome
Let's go Marquette!
": Yeaa Sowwy , Celibate Till I Get Married , Imma Good Girl =)"lol more girls need to be. Yea I can digg it tho
Perfect. When you back in LA? I'm there tonight- Thurs morn, playing the Troubadour Tues night...
thanks bro
Oh can you make a #O.D.B oak aged dirty bastard #please oh
I don't disagree with you Andrew but I will say that #cloud technology does have it's place in Healthcare. IT. Balance is the key.
It was lovely meeting you last night Lady ! Apologies for the creep-tastic approach. See you 'round Decibel time maybe?
Here at g bar?
Time for breakfast down the street
I'm pretty sure I can make a miniature you with all your hair that's around the gym -_-
yum pizza
my boss' favorite holiday is Halloween. Let the festivities begin! Have any great ideas for costumes? I need one...
They say youu got a new chick. "haha" I just laugh it off, cause youur not even my boyfriend, nope never were.
Sometimes I wish my mom would ground me from the internet...
no doubt
logan i miss you
I haven't decided if I want to yet? Still on the fence. I see 64GB wifi ones going for $500 on eBay and $600 from Apple.
Good Golly NickJonas has a SUPER thick head of hair ... watching
Hi Mike! Share your expertise on sales effctns w/sales profs in a TwitterChat today at 2:45pmEST via #SalesSuccess Hope 2 C U!
so, goodnight everybody. hope everybody sleeps well & has a good day tomorrow.
Nighty night people =)
Last final today, wish me luck!! Can't wait to be home! :)
Dope goal
Possible solution to corpus of copyrighted material - behind a firewall + easy to get password
Biggest SAP ever right now. #killme?
Good Morning frnds..have a nice weekend!!!
I can't believe I fell asleep & missed the fight. smdh
Good bike ride... Off on the trails today
I'm stuck on baby names tho
Say you want to buy a bomber for your dad for Father's Day. What are you getting him? Specify if he's a beer geek, intermediate or novice.
queer brown female is not what you want to be when stopped by the police
about to start packing up to catch this flight #denvermarch bound
Purdue Students and Alumni, get ready for coming this Spring! Thursday after Spring Break!
catan tourney, huge nerd-fest
AAWWWW YOUR FIRST TWEET FROM YOUR IPHONE =')
great picks, Marco!
Merry Christmas, Happy Holidays, and Happy New Years to everyone. Be safe, be merry, and ejoy this time of year with all of your friends an…
AKs into morons AA for almost all my chips
You're welcome, Sarah! Nice article...just don't tell my two cats what I said about wanting a dog. ;)
DON'T MAKE ME STOP THIS BANDWIDTH! I'VE BEEN TCP/IPING BEFORE YOU COULD EVEN PEE IN THE TOILET!
Enjoy kayaking buy one get ones with the California Express VIP Card, call now to join 619.226.1121
Omg this kid scares me
Do they still have Myspace?
gonna watch it tomorrow
And times like these I wish I was with my mom
#Avengers movie was very cool, though as my grandmother would have said, "It's a little far-fetched." Loved it!
Ladies please do not get any religious tats on ur lower back thats just wrong in so many ways loll
: can I come over and play too? I'm pottytrained and mom will give me food
might as well leave it packed.
ISIC – Enjoy 11% off Flights for Cardholders
Now here's where we differ - we think YOU'RE the best thing ever, Halie. Yes? Agree to disagree.
Sean said I only love him cause he looks like yogurt. -.- wtf
How is everyone doing?! We love our followers! Help get us more :) Mention on a music monday post :) thank you! Band practice tonight!
By your argument the year after Cam Newton left Auburn should have been #1 again. That's ridiculous assumption to make.
Good luck getting out! ;-) You have survived #Coachella2012!
"She should be on television. She's TV-ready."–, talking about , par for the course for us on a Friday night.
I hope the video of her in bckgrnd on E! resurfaces. Beyond hysterical.
": The L Word Star Leisha Hailey Booted Off Southwest Flight for...Kissing Her Girlfriend?! BO! I LUV LEISHA!
I am back for sure now :D
There is someone for everyone, just you wait and see :) <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><U+2728><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+009F>
I like to bring a woman to a strip club on the first date. If she doesn't get offended then I know she's good for a second.
Just finished watching Castle s02e13. Even though I had already seen it, I had a big knot in my throat during the ending.
But you can put the icon in the left, right, top, bottom, OR middle! What more do you need?! ;)
That guy does a lot of crack that's why his nose looks like that.
Oi Charlotte Brady and Tom O' Gorman, stop eating M&Ms!
any tip for three putting and how to get the first putt closer?
Nice looking but better were the glass curved.
We're loving our new home in -- we hope you agree when you come visit!
March = PDX :hint hint:
1st 29 people for lunch today get a FREE COOKIE TIN!! Happy LEAP DAY!
Man you're still a handsome devil--love your Twitter pic! And such great hair. #thinning&jealous
so don't you fumble, just be humble.
It was my pleasure Eric, I look forward to the #aecsm chats!
Apparently transporting coffee into the airport creates a 50 cent surcharge, judging by the price.
Sounds fantastic!
Stayed at the school all day today !!! tired !
Happy Birthday!!!
Coffee at Bennu with Jamie. I am the only non UT person here. Frantic finals cramming all around me.
I can't even watch this selection show I'm so upset. UK just isn't good. Probably lose first round
New glasses coming today from #warbyparker!
#onlyatSU does a virtual high school unknown show up on campus and get a radio show. (Go, Pookie! Can I still call you that?)
explain the whole truth.
Folks if 11 men played their asses off to this result, then yes, fire the manager. Until then stop giving the players a pass.
good night!
#WorldVision reaching out to nearly 750k thru food programming in Kenya/Ethiopia/Somalia/Tanzania www.WorldVisionHornOfAfrica.blogspot.com
I just told my mom that tweeted/RTd me today! ^.^
I'm a loser baby, so why don't you kill me
thanks Sabrina! We are planning on raising money for Johns Hopkins Hospital where I was born.
Any current office suites or co-working tenants in competing spaces in Manhattan can receive massive discounts, just bring your license ag
We didn't get rain either!
I usually ask what they do to keep up with new developments in the field.
In other words,
What can possibly be better than spending all day and night with my dude tomorrow yayayya.
To know the road ahead, ask those coming back. -- Chinese Proverb
I was just handed $60 for tomorrow
How was the game?? I'm thinking about getting it.
Would a lion cheat? No, but Tiger Wood
It was good having you all ! Hopefully I'll see you again soon! Cheers!
Congratulations to LGBT Bar member Bill Singer who recently accepted the ACLU's 2012 Bill of Rights Award!
I'm going to start referring to my friends, family & co-workers as *name* kitteh. Ex: Jenn Kitteh or Megan Kitteh. Lame? Well, no shit! =P
Enjoyed chatting with you! :) Have a great night and I hope you feel 100% soon.
thinkin about coppin a new phone might give my iphone away if i do
have a heart and stop the delusion. It's only going to hurt that much more on the 11th.
Your a winner....do you really put those on pizza? LOL, just wondering. Send me a DM so I can get your card to you!
I like the name. Except it should be spelled with a "K" :)
Enjoyed being on this morning!
Who's winning tonight?
Old RT : Why am I in bed already
i love u so much have a greatday(:
How's about a little coin for our coffers? Help support #indiefilm indiegogo.com/verlosser-a-short-film
OMG D: one question who'd you go see:o
Who tryna bring an ol bitch a 40oz and 5 swisher sweets...
What is going on with justin and selena??? someone plz fill me in!
how the f did I forget him?
(belatedly) Thx, Wendy!
Damn this dude got played bad
When you're lost and you're tired, when you're broken in two, let my love take you higher cause I still turn to you
Thanks for the follow back, so you did not get the chance to #TrueBlood? Still treating you like a baby huh?
"Fashion" takes a while to get to St. Loo...
"The taste of beauty, and the relish of what is decent, just, and amiable, perfects the character of the gentleman." -Earl of Shaftesbury
PLEASE FOLLOW ME..you are AMAZING, you have such a unique voice, I cried watching your elimination and I just wish you won <U+2665>
Well that makes me feel good! :) Nice to "meet" you--love your website. We should connect for coffee!
who else could it have been?
If you have a penis ....your sketchy
I love it! Let's make our own!!
winn or holly?
6. I WAS A MUSIC/THEATER MAJOR IN HS.
Time for ice cream <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00A6>
I can teach you how to Stafford but be warned it puts the dougie to shame
if i want it i'm gon get it & if i can't get it obviously i don't need it!
like iwont pull up in that truck.
i think pure life water taste like shit!!!
Adam and eve not Adam and Steve!!! -Matthew Moore(:
Same to you my man.
Aww I love that so much!! Most "horse" friends defriend me, too many sports updates lol. Glad to have a fellow horse & sport fan!
His tour getting cancelled is his bad karma for doing a country album.
This is true :)
The taxpayers can't wait another 1,113 days for a budget. We need the immediate accountability my Restore America plan delivers.
Retweet/Subscribe to rHennessTV on youtube, and ill show you how to change your font color on your tweets!
Big thank you to everyone who supported Poshcupcakez this weekend! I am so appreciative! <3 <3 <3
You are shy and lacking confidence. Dr. Beau prescribes "Grow-A-Pair"/50mg and "Play-It-Cool"/100mg. Come back in two weeks
hey buddy. Are you busy?
Walking the dog & a cop stopped me to ask if I'd heard gunshots in the last 5 mins. What if I, in my Cole Haans, had been the gunshooter?
i wish we never got roped up in being selfish, people need to love each other.
when does the tweeting actually begin?
omg what she have on. SHE RATCHET !!!!!!!!
En route to Chicago to O'Conner Casting again for another audition.....
My hair is just.... ew. I HATE IT
hm... i wonder when is gonna be creepin again? ;p ha
Little known fact: heels help in bowling! ;-) RT<U+200F> If you wear spiked heels to Southport Lanes , take it down a notch.
just remember Man U did not win it Man City is losing it as they scoooooreee let's go City one more. And more time.
A lot of the times scoring chances don't reflect the results of game. Unfortunately for #SJSharks, last night they did.
Good morning JU! I hope you all have a delightful week!
happy birthday doll! I hope it's a glorious one!
Seriously can't believe that it's been a year since I finished my program.
#librarians, do you know of any free online event registration tools that I could use for patrons to sign up for computer classes?
Thanks, Jennifer! Break a leg with the whole run of "Strike!"
follow me beautiful
I'm so mad at him right now :D!
are you coming to the SA debate this Friday?
love and miss u! Sunday don't forget!
wish you were coming! <3333
: and I have discussed doing some videos at some point. That would be awesome.
Woo!! Nice win X!
Attorney General JB Van Hollen takes GOP stage to the tune of Lynyrd Skynyrd's "Simple Kind of Man."
One heck of a way to end the year, so proud of my girls though..sad how much refs can control a game.
#matisyahu performing live Chicago.
dannnks so much i love you babe xoxoxo <U+E32D><U+E328><U+E32D><U+E328>
thank you
Mike McQueary, still coaching on Saturday.
They say the Lord works in mysterious ways. If I were God I wouldn't work at all!
will do Rachel! Have so much fun!!
happy birthday!!!!!
Attention all females..how many of you wear blouses???
I've got another post-able project coming up soon--stay tuned!
I just used a hammer to plant a hydrangea.
Right on brother!!! :)
I absolutely love that song :)
Sixers and Pacers arent legit title contenders. The Celtics age will catch up especially if its against the Thunder. And the Heat lost Bosh.
Yep. and a certification course from Ass-Kickin' Academy.
Are you guys dressing up as eachother's characters from Victorious? :D
please follow me!! I Love You to death i listen to #PutYourHeartsUp everyday
I don't want to start with this again the thing I am in
RT : The quickest way for a parent to get a child's attention is to sit down and look comfortable. (Lane Olinghouse)
more than just another social network because we really bring our site to life! Check us out, VAcoeds.com
that's deep
Off to New Orleans for the defending champs! Bring yourselves to Bourbon. Cheers to you losing there!
Type It, Click It, it's all about Computers and the WWW in this weeks Sound Design, up now on #productionvault!
Ouch, alright then.
Why did you bundle this with Live login? It takes like 10 minutes to login to Live.com these days!
Cru De Gra line ups are now on our blog.
OMG I'M SO EXCITED, IT'S SNOWING OUT!!!!!! :)
Check out the Robart-Larson Group page on Facebook
STOP WATCH LEARN EMULATE INNOVATE REPEAT
I love your new profile picture :D
yea :( no phone, can only be on the computer until 8:30 :(
Interesting article Mo'.
Bummed I can't live tweet the debate like so many other awesome people. Stupid "employment".
Which #London2012 events are you looking forward to watching? 100m sprint? 4x400m relay? Marathon? Cycling road race or track?
Delivering an effective grassroots message at AFP: the private sector funds R&D at universities. Federal grants has been a "narcotic"
I want to follow me but its never going to happen :( i give up
Wish i knew if he liked me!!!! Ugh so complicated!
doesnt make us bad, just human. no one is perfect. <3
Hahaha he said you need to STOP ! he deosnt know what he is doing & find this tweet lol
If that shit really happened , all hell gone break loose .
Thanks everyone who attended my #fitcto talk this morning. You guys were great!
Is too much ambition a bad thing?
i can't take that stuff. i have to clean my at the end of the day!
I'm soaked, the bus stop is full and I can't get cover, I want to go home and I'm not feeling sympathetic to protesters right now.
Regional food bank putting emphasis on fresh goods
this time i know you r stupid just like dem other hoes
Thursday works for me.
<f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A5><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A5> ! RT : #Leo's are so hot they turn themselves on.
Ok....I'm not the best...just sayin
raw pork?! Ewwwww.
So i've been looking for a job for a bit now and I go on my facebook page and it says I work at "Taylor gang & Paper Planes. TF!!!
i still want chipotle
"Every great dream begins with a dreamer. Always remember, you have within you the strength, the patience, and the passion to reach for...
Michael Douglas walked his daughter Carys 20 blocks to school yesterday. It seemed like a major feat given his condition. Carys loved it
Welcome! RT Listening to give a talk! Then going to bring him to #NNECruise #SFIMA White Hot on the Yacht!
thanks! (: & sure no problem!
thank you! :)
I think twins of Tom Selleck joined our band for Mustache March. Get ready
You know it's a sign when the cleaning staff make it up to the 3rd floor.
I just found out they're making a Justin Bieber doll. I weep for the future.
RT Putting baby to sleep to Suicidal Tendencies not as likely to doom him to therapy as my reading him literary criticism.
Highway To Hell by AC/DC #nowplaying y de pronto me llego un flashback de la parte trasera de un Maverick .... Good Old Times
I've never wanted a working week to end as much as i want this one to
Definitely Pittsford to start, and we'll keep everyone updated with newer stores when they start carrying it
Society has told me its not acceptable to drink in the morning.
followback,is Sexy related to The Office
hope i can go to Dallas on turkey day!!
i'm trynna do stripes on my nails but failing so
got me waiting - fantasia
my first #mmchat! Some great, pithy insights from your followers that I will take back to . Thanks!
Can someone name a show that gets 200 million views an episode? Super Bowl got 117 million.
I cheer for the winning team.. smiles NYKnicks
thanks very much auntie love ya
Right back at you, Steve. Thanks for the great presentations!
God I hope can play next weekend! The eagles aren't the same without him!
I'm about to travel a 1,000 miles just to see u at a trampoline park.
: Thanks for your question! It's great to actually have conversations with opera-lovers! Check out the blog for more this week
#remember way back wen
Swedish meatballs in Ballard w
I am a boy and I will do this for you just because I love you :]
I thought we were using #aamemp? gah! so many hashtags! =)
I'm very grateful to all of our loyal customers-both returning and new-for helping us succeed over the years to receive this award.
yeah I think a lot get written at MICA, interesting you've had the same thought, might be a fun project
Had a great time playing the Pirates v Padres game yesterday. Thought playing Freebird would guarantee us a win. Boo.
Thank you darling daughters and for the lovely anniversary wishes. You are both wonderful daughters!
aww thanks girl:) but seriouslt your name is gorgeous! no I don't I have a twitter and Facebook :/
. A good one for As for missiles, I'd rather do without them. The story raises a good pt about lightning strikes!
Sleeping on sunshine
Highlight of my night: the City Council meeting featured free cookies.
ok then
Looking for a great book for a 6 year old. Past the simple picture books, just getting into short chapters. Any suggestions?
Like money in a slot machine
"Whatever happens, conduct yourselves in a manner worthy of the gospel of Christ" Philipians 1:27 Whatever happens......
Problems on mill ave
sounds like you're in riverwest
Nothing I hate more than ex Red Sox talking TRASH!
is backing Does the move help, or hinder?
When our relatives are at home, we have to think of all their good points or it would be impossible to endure them. ~George Bernard Shaw
NOT ME.
#elderlaw, fixed annuities safe and good return as long as you don't withdraw beyond free annual withdraw limit. SOFA
hey sexy peek-a-boo avi
Wait, what? Trivia practice? Yes yes, ya'all.
haha wants to see it RT Last night I watched the dirtiest porn I've ever watched
Great workout today! Feeling sore muscles already!
Okay, still on it- people who stay on the phone for 2 HRS in a coffee shop need to just get an office! It's the same guy! NO MANNERS!
Colville comment to Christopher Soames was 1952. He also said that Anthony Eden was violent against Soames who was Churchill's son-in-law.
Older & wiser by choice!
It's been one of those weeks where I just do not feel like being social. Everyones allowed one of those, right?
We goin bowling out Monroeville... Meet us there!
jv or varsity? :)
Placing all my trust in The Lord to change things which I can not. It's in His hands!
"How should you prioritize which social channels to focus on?" Drink a lot of coffee and keep you eyes on Tweetdeck.
Hope to see you soon! RT : Have not been in to visit in a LONG time. Need to correct that soon!
well done #KateBush! Love her!
Thank me later. Lol
it was kinda hot. I love when people get after the refs.
make sure that if you with someone they are making the best come out of you and not the worst..... u can do bad by yourself
dusty, cheesy fingers. a triumphant sign of successful snacking.
Im really tired n I dont feel qudd.!
he plays orioles this weekend. He'll put up 4 hrs in 3 games
do it!!! You'll LOVE it. I have that one except it's 35 instead of 55.
The vending machine at work takes Sacagawea coins!
Feeling decent now
Playing a show in Cypress on Saturday at 6:15. $5 at the door. It is a house show so respect the house owner, their house, and the rules.
Back in London, ON, and covered in cat hair. Good times.
12 am trip to mcdonalds prob not the best idea
Creep much?
RETWEET if you're wearing flowers in your hair today!
Awww. Hope all is well!
lmao is all telling me to hurry and i'm like whatevs, but the second she says cool math games im like oh shit! (x
It feels good to be mixing a lot more rock lately. The project today is Nirvana/Muse and everywhere in between. Big drums FTW!
ugh. my son sleeps so fucking wild!
I love when math class turns into history class
i do
Writing an encyclopedia article on the #ChristianRight. Any followers have suggestions for further reading?
Great Taxi service in Baltimore. Yes it's possible. Lost items, comments leave here Thanks BaltTservice Improving taxi quality.
Earn our business. Drop Rush
Please join us for a scholar presentation at noon by Deanna Gallagher on: “Using Historic New England Maps to Teach Argumentative Writing.”
That awkward moment when you look in the mirror while crying and you just start crying more.
I'm trying to watch a trailor. Damn slow internet!
That groggy feeling when you wake up from a drug induced sleep. <3
Only 10 to go...help us get to 1000 fans/followers today....for the love of pizza and beer.
Finally encoding #ExtremeReunion 4/28 video download. the video will speak loudly! Hate now, like later. 6/30 Philly we return! Gonna b big
idk yet how much are the rooms?
Omw to school
51 degrees right now. It will be a cold night at #Fenway with , Scopian and Big Bear.
We can pretend that things don't bother us, but we all know that even the smallest thing could make us fall apart.
People better remember my name....#bestunsignedtrapper image make it just watch....
I know! That's exactly what I thought!
Too bad really, b/c I really want to like the show. Maybe the last episode will be good. A singing soap up to this point.
#realtalk was the first cat I know to spin in LongBeach!
for Zvi Band, anything
Think in color and you will never be disappointed
thank you, more UI changes coming up to make it even more user friendly. Let us know if there's anything we can help with
The digital ad space continues to morph. The evolution of the consumer data ecosystem will be the key to the future of online ad tech.
Think it's on alternate channel 1310 if not on 1309!
so a person has 2 get off they r sic & u r pissed off about that
Wow! Its going to crazy. I love it!! Thx for the flier.
just hanging out, everyone is asleep thought I would check in
All right Mt. San Antonio College, put on some coffee, I'm on my way.
GB is priceless, will never be sold RT Dodgers are worth $2 billion, wonder what a NFL franchise would sell for these days
I'm shocked they called it. About time.
its supposed too be way better but I never really noticed a difference
I predict future happiness 4 Americans if they can prevent govt from wasting the labors of people under pretense of taking care of them. TJ
You are the soul of sweetness! Now I don't have to miss you anymore, and briefly, to boot!
after I re-follow all the people I'm following now it might take a while ~>.<
#Motivated to be happy. Life is too short. I'll be on a plane in Nov. Carrying a bag on my back and to destination nowhere
That's rough... maybe you should get that fixed before you get a ticket :)
she was not full figured she was old and saggy big difference.
um okay:)
AND THERE'S ANOTHER LITTLE JUNIOR BABY SON OF A BITCH DIRECTLY IN FRONT OF ME? Lord Jesus Christ, I need your help.
Thanks to cohort love and , I can now officially rock my global scholar hat. Today was an awesome day of conference acceptance.
Missing someone + No texts from them = Worst feeling.
Dark Knight, thanks for following!
There's always an exception! But goes to show that even engineers have something left to learn
I hate when people say they'll stop watching iCarly if Sam And Freddie break up. -.-
love free skating and hanging out with
. Madison, WI for the right value of "small"
OK. Hawks are OVER the limit. If the C's don't attack the hoop now......
I saw that you're working on your (512)creative logo. Keep me in mind if you want any help.
Waterous: It would set a dangerous precedent & open the door to add'l cost-shifting of fee for service funding to other students
Hello Dreams, Bye Tweeps! XO
Fantastic time at #RolexArts Mentor/Protege event yesterday! Thx to Greg Spears & Tracy K. Smith for the beautiful song!
when you write a post on facebook. click on like as well. Helps increase your position on facebook to get noticed more often.
this disappoints me :\
#ff Some projects I've been working on: , , & podcast w/ ,
Its nor you its me... Naaaaaawww its you Ha! tampon commercials are getting funny!
Pretty pumped that I will be at the bruins game tonight and to top it off I will be on the capitals bench to see them bitch after!!
Outside ftw!
Good btc's get rewarded freak hoe's get fuck !
casting Ocean City commercial tomorrow in OC & Rehobeth - all types. If interested in auditioning email picture to
VERBALLY ASK YOUR SELF AM I A SLAVE TO THE media
Soo ive decided ill be corgel with eric marshall since he said sorry
ZICO Team is at the Santa Monica YMCA handing out bottles!!!
Sure I like cock, but just because you ARE a cock doesn't mean you have one
Dead sea soap for free with any 20 pound dead sea salt purchase: Starts soon. Very limited quantities. Check back for more details.
. loves the Marshmallow milkshake from ' Good Stuff Eatery. votes for Bobbys - you?
I don't get it
And how do all those women cook w/ their hair down on these cooking shows? If i did that, you'd get hair soup...
you guys on should go on or vice versa it would be cool
Come on, just let me skip to the freaking test already!
I wish i could go but i have softball games starting at 6:30, next time! And you try for not Thursdays all the time.
Information Fair at new Faculty Orientation on Monday July 11. All Faculty are invited to attend.
Having a leisurely last breakfast in Trinidad.... I'll get there when I get there
You are the only real obstacle in your path to a fulfilling life. -Les Brown
lol i plan on getting wasted so no matter what ill be having an awesome time hahaha
lol ! Do you know how much they really cost ?
I bought a new glass pipe. All I wanna do is use it n go eat free samples at whole foods.
oh please!! At least when need my Colombian passport I get it the same day hahha the US passport takes weeks!
G12 Globalization Students: Grades are updated, please check email!
Super happy. I have tthe best fans ever! Keep sending in fan mail! Replied to Atleast 100 :-) love you
It's Wednesday. Almost everyone is wearing jeans.
lol really? Thanks
Bulgaria. And you?
Any snowboarders or skiers excited for winter and ready to get out on the slopes?
Don't understand why the info-hoarders expect everyone else to be info-sharers.
you have a rental cuz its a lil ways away tho..
it was Epic. Beyond epic. Hahahah<333
Texas ML and the Over in that game look very favorable
Daam its hot!!
aghh way too much fun! So happy I got to see you (:
So this nigga can dunk on everybody but flop when on the ground ok Blake your cool
Getting pumped up for a 9AM gig with some tuneage.
Kalsu was one of the toughest WODs we have ever done at SinCity #crossfit. James was the only one to complete it with full weight!
No Derby hat?
Anytime :D
its a great two months...except when all your friends are out.
Are you having trouble downloading any songs? We want to know! Email us at
Hands up for a game of cod 6
'' YES!. I Love you cuttie c:
senior prank at local high school on news... they put all the tables and chairs on the roof overnight... no idea how they pulled it off LOL
I mean, idc .. I was just asking
sounds great! Send me an email:
omg temple run is so addicting!! its like the new angry birds:) loll
#FNO has officially began! Free Shipping between 6pm eastern to 11pm pacific! HAPPY SHOPPING! www.eyecandyfashion.net
Happy Birthday!(:
I cant wait for the Bulls Knicks game next month. My two favorite teams >.<
Your Favorite Promoter, Shocka Shock
Happy birthday ! Wish you many more to come #cenation all day
Fuck you mother nature.
thanks for the follow :) have you checked out our music yet? :)
yet americans watch 5 hrs of video each day, 98% of it on a traditional TV set (nielsen)
happy birthday !
False. Tied for the lead. Knoll has League who got a save yesterday. Standings are messed up.
No, but we are now.
The irony that it rhymes lol.
Regular ones or ones designed for filming?
Long day, but how will it end? Let's find out
#limbaugh I love the people who cry for 1st amendment freedoms until it's something that offends them. Suck it Maher, Olbermann, Matthews
moving frm my past nd headed to future #DONTWANNATALK we are thru
haha! No worries! We keep messing up too cause we have Zeke and her. He, she, he, she. Ha!
LOVE that. Know where she got it?
You just have to listen to the play and it will tell you what it wants to be.
Tomorrow at 2pm there is a free symphony concert in Dolores Park in SF. A great way to experience the symphony-and you can't beat the price!
Thanks to all our great twitter followers!!!
Sentence found inside a Ross changing room: “He liked to wait until it was very quiet, and then the belt would come off.” Claim w/receipt.
did you already follow people :(
though who you calling scuzzy? These dudes are stylin!
with that being said, my 1year old is a cry baby
Congrats to Anna Paquin and Stephen Moyer! :)
Where will you be shopping for your spring wardrobe? Any suggestions for new cute styles this season?
I also want to play the ancient game of mancala
I bet can help!! : #Beer. Looking for a list of beer festivals in Milwaukee and nearby this summer. Can you help?
wait, is the aged bottle?
what time are y'all open till during the week?
RT : great to see so many folks here at #gtra! Wish you could have made it!
working on silkscreen t-shirts and embroidered golf shirts.
#howrace How is even more relevant for b2c companies!
Tom Hamilton legitimately sounded like he wanted to get naked and run the bases with Lopez on that homer.
- Thanks! Our Baltimore operation isn't up yet, but we're working out of Cherry Hill Elementary, starting 1/9/12
word. I'll probably be down there.
I'm so excited for my date tomorrow. \(^.^)/
You're too good to me... (and the galaxy.)
JUSTIN PLEASE FOLLOW ME!! I have been trying for 3 years!!
I feel bad for bald guys who drive convertibles. It can't be fun being divorced and going through a midlife crisis.
" great minds break alike" follow us ... big show tomorrow!!
awwwweh thank you.
that's what I'm saying..no one will be able to replace my love for Jordan haha!
yeah that's how it is here. my road is bad.
When's it gonna be my turn?
Still Accepting attendees, sponsors, and exhibitors for Public Funds conference, June 21, Contact if interested.
BIG SEAN WAS DOPE TWITCHES
Hmm I have no tattoos but I find tattoo culture interesting -- anyone have an intriguing tat tale?
hahah I know, right?? Be sure to expect a good morning text bright and early! (:
Respect the grind.
Some days you break the rules and it's all for the better :)
Thats cool and I will do that :P <3
Thanks for all the great tweets! Sad we didn't get to chat in person!
Its still raining...good
May God hold you & keep you
We have passed this information on to our sales outlet liaison who will contact those locations. Thank you.
added some new pics to my gallery- check it out- subtle looks for ladies who requested no eyeliner- it was tricky but i think i did ok ;)
way too harsh for Vilma, That's ridiculous
s/o to some of my followers showin love today!
come kidnap me and ill join you : )
if 3 star players on 1Team was all it took to win a championship, Heat would've been champs last year
I'll hit you up :)
My phone is so stupid
"BITCH HE GOTTA GUN TURN AROUND!"
Holy crap, it smells like cake in here.
business decision but I mean shit, it was MONTHS for an injury that usually takes WEEKS.
That's good.
“: fine, and how about for you?”GREAT
Hi What are you up to now? Still by any chance?
as in me n cams favorite movie of all time #SUPERSTAR???
follow back
I feel so accomplished... I read "I gotta dig bick." correctly... Y'ALL NIGGAS AIN'T SHIT!
never been to the Dakota's...do you recommend a visit?
I'm so tired... That I'm not tired
Thanks so much! How are you mama?
So, what's their rotation look like now?
The way someone ignores your text your face is like -______________-
Don't bunt. Aim out of the ballpark. David Ogilvy
I know, right? XD
Why do men name their penises? Because they want to be on a first name basis with the person who makes all their decisions.
Melissa, It gave me goosebumps and I cried when she said " Hi Dad" Made me hopeful that my mom is still with me watching over us
Most women eat for two when they are pregnant. I say, "Why wait?". One life. One stomach. Go!
No Problem! RT : Thanks for the follow; hope you check out PTS Houston events, 124 teams this weekend.
Wtf is up with the #RANGERS lately?...they better snap out of it
I hope whoever wins the game tonight kicks Butler's butts!
just did...
What would you do if you found Austin in your room?? ;)
Sinful Colors is $1.99 & sometimes u can get it on sale for .99. I've been tempted by the cool colors & PRICE but leery of .99 polish.
You're beautiful, but you don't know it, that's why you're beautiful, because you're Shrek's wife.
“: Pretty much delighted that I've sparked a trend of hollering "Kaahhhhhnnn!" at top of your lungs from stage of
got your "George" question. It is indeed Harry in the US edition.
Correcting my stupid me...
Guess what
is approaching one-thousand followers! Follow us today!
Finally gave in to a twitter. Why did i do such a stupid thing?
Do you have a volunteer signup link?
Feel better!
game still aint over
1/2 price bread day every Tuesday at the Bakehouse! And make plans now for VIP night at the Scholars Inn--appetizers 1/2 price for VIPs.
haha how did you come across me?
i miss talking to the people i used to on twitter. #feeling invisible </3
Long live Vladimir
Scammers posing as government-linked refinancing programs
100 years ago today Titanic sunk...
Wow am I late to the game on Of Monsters and Men? These guys are great.
i seek to be a pillar of the community on the issue, much like Lot's wife.
Baby, where'd you get that body from? Tell me where'd you get that body from? I GOT IT FROM MY MOMMA.
A White Girl is gonna get Some Black Thunder from tonight!
Do you think cab drivers are actually on the phone or just tryin to act cool
Pretty sure I read it the same way you did.
Bus.Rides=Bomb.<3
which of course u needed to do in order to climb out of the water.... which i did lol woke up i know i know lol
When I was in college :/
Don't forget about our awesome drink specials-$4 Negro Modelo, $5 shots of Patron...won't last long! Nicnos playing tonight-see ya'll there!
Out with the big bro .. Haven't seen'em in a while... Might have to go all out tonight..
Thanks for the tweet!
you should see how much candy i'm bringing for our room (;
“: Who else gets really annoyed when someone leaves your room, without closing the door?”. This just happed a min ago to me
Newcastle guaranteed at least 5th spot after Chelsea get walloped 4-1 by Liverpool!! Dreamland! :-D!
A quick correction for Video Games Live - it is at 2 pm & 8 pm on April 7, not 7pm!!
I know! Who's your favorite? June 10th needs to teleport to yesterday's position on the calendar.
thanks for the follow, also! Happy Tuesday!
: congrats! Are you commuting, going online, part-time or going away 2 stay there for a long time? I lived there 2 yrs;good times
ha I was wondering why my Twitter just blew up... Thanks, Tab!
love is like a rubberband, held at both ends by two people, when one leaves it hurts the other
uh... it is raining. A lot.
In the mood for candy. Just my luck no pedos around trying to lure me in their rape van with candy.
24 But through dedication to God, Enoch was not found to dwell in matter, for he reached at-one-ment with everlasting Life, God^.
Hola, Ya'all! HAMM Day, ATX! Get out & support & we hope to C U @ The Star Bar on 6th / 7-9...
pshh no!! i like Harry AND Louis.. duhh!
We may have lost to #UVA on Saturday, but got the bigger win with former Robert Gates as the next chancellor. Go Tribe!
ha I've never listed 2 any of his songs, personally I don't like the boy.
thanks for the RT
haha I'm looking in the cities
like me at Abercrombie. I wonder how there aren't lawsuits filed every single day.
Friday is just around the corner...can ya feel it? Them Sonsabitches, Drag Me Under and The Swamp Donkey at Biggest Little City Club.
interesting that Dalton won the counties east of 95.
TWEET ME WHY YOU GUYS LOVE BELLA THORNE AND IT WILL BE FEATURED IN MY NEW VIDEO FOR BELLA :) (ill DM her and tweet her the video )
Thank you for the follow! I am proud to be a WorldVision child sponsor! I look forward to continuing supporting the cause.
amen sister. I musta gobbled down at least four of these bites of sex
We're going to try and tempt you one more time. 15-cent sangria at Paesanos Midtown. All. Day. Long.
most excellent. thank you!! Pleasure to meet you :)
Why else would you meet in the union?
Snickers and Frappes (:
When our pets are well, we are happier in our world. Supplements and real, healthy, home made food is the foundation of all life.
And that's without even moving the mouse from the search box (so no hovering shenanigans)
<3 i heart you .
One more follower to 70! Help me get there.
Can't wait!!!
Everyone on the Metro train looks soggy.
hahah I know EXACTLY what you mean. Trust me, I'm escaping everyone
RT : That awkward moment when the guy who discovered milk has to explain what he was doing to the cow.
oh, lemon marmalade? I love this idea.
Africa suffers -- because it is a very bad place to do business. Fix that. How? Outlaw Cell Phones and Diamonds??? Comical :D
RT: Eek! ...too many emails from Fox Restaurant Concepts today. 1 emcompassing all would suffice! >> TRUE STORY!
Glad you will make it to the party! See you on opening day!
Im gonna stay up just 2 watch 8 flazzzsss dance again
Sun is out! Jessie J and other fun time music all day long to celebrate!
Listening to an interesting presentation on #linkeddata from librarians at the National Library of Sweden.
I'm so glad that I was an altar boy instead of a school athlete.
totally ok... Proper attribution and all that jazz. ;)
Excited to do a giveaway with you What shall we give away? Shopping spree? Gift Certificate to your favorite resturaunt?
Hello, it is amazing how much of modern day art is influenced by African art. See u in Miami next Art Basel. Thanks, Isaiah
I love to cook, but ever since I started working I've slacked.
Formula One: Championship remains unpredictable, says Hamilton
#twitterlessTony is lame!
learning about emos - 11 yr old brought it up last night
This is very early
If the whole world smoked a joint at the same exact time, there'd be world peace for about 2 hours.
Just now saw this my dude... wassupppppppppp
Hey Rimi- Thanks for the follow.
Listen, being real is not an easy thing to do. As humans, our nature is to do what other expect us to. Not everyone can be the realist
Bedroom body
who is Dylan? :o haha there are so many hot guys here atm :))))
Absolutely! With his ardent, loyal, devoted supporters, #RonPaul will win!
Wht did u guys get for christmas
Excited about Cardinals baseball? So are a lot of our Littles - consider sharing your enthusiasm as a volunteer mentor.
Today's special relationship word is RESPECT
Commencement begins! Congratulations Grads!!!
I want to live somewhere else. Why does Bowling Green have to be so boring?
lol ikr an they have to keep up
Today: Led Zeppelin I; Astral Weeks; Grievous Angel; and Late For The Sky
The Throne versues Young Money (Jay-Z or Lil Wayne?)
lmfao... Im so damn goofy...
#FreshmanYearTaughtMe that freshmen Friday is bogus. Nothing went down lol
Tell me why everything that's bad feels so fucking good?
Has anyone bought shoes online? If so where...and what did you think?
Picking up emergen-C with .. trying to keep us both from dying.
please follow ! its JADEN SMITHS FIRST OFFICIAL ARMY ! GO FOLLOW & ENCOURAGE YOUR FOLLOWERS TO DO THE SAME! xx
um where's my invite?
Oh yeah, now I'm remembering the stress the are capable inspiring!
deyum, dough yell in me
And by an early start I mean 1pm
OMG!! For the past 2 weeks I've been listening to Whitney Houston's 3rd album released in 91. Now she has died! Gone too soon!
West Africa and South Africa winter 2013 applications are only available through this Thursday. Pick yours up tomorrow or Thursday before 4!
what draft position do they have now after trade with Redskins??
Agree. Seems as though there's a direct line from Holden Caufield to Neddy Merril
Jared, thanks for supporting Gone! Much appreciated!!
all you need now is a Randy Wolf jersey! Congrats!
Thanks for the RT...
When I realise I can't make you love me..... And you never will... </3
Thx Janet & Jermain 4 yr kind words. Cape Verde lost a remarkable person & voice. It seems the whole world is mourning w/ us. R.I.P.
Bauhaus succumbs to the power outrage and closes early.. I'm off to go James Bond out of the parking garage!
o. okay that one is probably my absolute favorite. :)
see, all these things sound great in theory but it was kinda lame. The CGI was too in your face obvious. I wanted 2like it
Be up in the same room as all these foos who kick ass Fkn inspiring!!
U only talk to me when no one else talks to u
what would you prefer? a 5 page email?
Your making me go then making me Stay why do you hurt me so bad?
bought your tix yet... or am i doing this one solo?
I am in NY Mar 23-29th, at Metropolitan Room on the 28th, is there a Jazz Night that last week? Would love to come see it.
follow robert www.roberttorme.weebly.com , myspace.com/roberttorme
not me!!
So I must have a mental block with the phrase "sneak peek", my fingers always type "sneak peak". Urghh.....
And while we're at it, perhaps you can explain why districts 2 through 6 are but an afterthought to the GOP?
Second night of hanukkah. Wish I could find my menorah :(
yay I can go now! I have a job which means I have money ;p
#chicultural2012 artists as politicians; trading artists to and from other countries so we can share.
Clear thesis strong analysis can't lose.
it's a coincidence you say that because I have an interview today. But not until 2. *Shrugs* lol
Henry James word for the day: "nostrum-mongers."
RT: catholic skl parent: her kids are asking lots of ?s. "It breaks my heart to not know what to say to them."
Total Success!
What one thing did you do for the environment today?
thanks God bless & keep you sis. You're a wonderful person!!!!
Do u notice how he's sponsored by the UFC now. They get a contract w/ NIKE when he wins. agree fight was all hype. where's the war
“: Scandal, Scandal...just brilliant!”
RT “: I think worship leading is just the broken, hungry and desperate leading the broken, hungry and desperate..”
I'm not sure
what it takes to the distance ah ah ah ah “: ah yeah ah yeah ah yeah”
Sweet dreams ladies ;)
let's bring in another W tonight #mubb!! we are marquette!
Day 82 of 100: I am thankful for gym in the morning. And my wonderful friends.
Fo sho! I'm already Sippin. I'm bout to start drankin!
Missing my family, but very happy to be in Boulder. Just a great place to be.
& We Don't Fuck With RATS .
"factory as easiest" .. the model everyone knows, and not just in education. Mindsets take time to change ..
Everybody's graduating! It's really like a ghost town here!
“: I hate it when marijuana is referred to as a drug. Its herbal medicine.” and it's amazing. :) cause I'm herbed up now! Lmao
yep, just found out i'm going to SXSWi! also, i'm interested in for a personal side project that i'm working on
wow you're so beautiful I want to look so
Last goal deflected off Hamonic's glove but a soft goal by Montoya.
Thirsty Thursday!
I ADNMIRE WHAT HE DOES/ BUT KNOW I GETS BUSY MYSELF
Thomas posted an opinion on a public page!!! He's a public figure, what does he expect?
Do you guys need a tissue for all the crying your doing? Bowl games are irrelevant. They're all just exhibitions except for 1
#IFindThatAttractive a person that's in trouble and admits they need help is amazing <3
Haha! I was going through following a whole list, and I must have accidentally clicked you twice, thus unfollowing you.
Biggest pet peeve: when people chomp their food. So disgusting.
yea true that
Trying to get motivated to get on the treadmill a second day in a row.
Yesterday was wonderful! We will surely miss Silks Restaurant but look forward to the new one soon. Chef was sensational!
At the Arthur Kohl-Riggs election party. What a great group of people....THAT MONEY CAN'T BUY!
#TOP25CartoonSeriesOfAllTime Duck Tails :-) :-) :-)
Magic are gonna get that revenge win over the Knicks tonight!
Follow me please hello!
Yes true, awareness should be spread first! Thank you for your views !
I posted something on your Facebook! Go look! <3
Tina Brown's Newsweek Is Still A Big Money Burner One Year Later (IACI) via
Just bought the Saturday Night Fever LP, I can't wait to get home and disco the night away!!!!!!!
jsnrjwuqgv <U+E413><U+E411> miss them <U+E023>
I wonder if Lindzi made it through just because Ben didn't want to face an angry, Harry Cox?
Wondering if either Washing or Baylor will stop the offenses
Haven't started studying for my midterm tomorrow, oops #senioritis &
It's 's sweet 16 today! Please wish her a happy birthday!88
Congrats for finding the Morton's gift card!! Go enjoy a nice meal, Mike!
True that! RT : Beautiful weather this weekend. Wish it would stay this way all year.
Ipse Dixit => Unproven assertion resting on the speaker's authority (literally He himself said)
On my way to the Rock'n Run!!!
Fresh Harvest Products Initiates the Second Phase of Its Digital and Social ... - MarketWatch (press release)
Just a reminder to God, Mother Nature, ULLR, Jack Frost, Tom Cruise, Tim Tebow: Tomorrow is the first day of Winter. Ahem. Ahem.
Thank you for writing "Stuck on a Ferris Wheel" I really look up to you :)
Too down but I guess that brings them good sure money and a HUGE FILTER.
I think all the characters benefited from not having to carry the whole film themselves
Food finally!
Music Talent Auditions rocked! 44 registrations and a good turn out yesterday at The Georgian Terrace, Atlanta has resulted in 15 contracts
so i think itd be really cool if you could tell before hand, what guys are just going to waste your time
“: it should be filed en masse every state election board RNC and flood courts”.
Truly frightening!
I have corrected you several times
Business Plan Competition: If you are a finalist in any business plan competition, contact us to apply for incubator space.
Thursday is the 1st of December....already! How fast has that gone?! Have you all got your Advent Calanders :D
Okay RT : Blake Griffin just got a block. In related news, I just saw a unicorn.
All girls are beautiful in their own way, real talk its sounds like the same old shit, but its true
I can see where it can be touchy. : ) I get livid when people loosely throw around they are "designers"
Dnt need nobody but my crew
not at all
#ReplaceAMovieTitleWithPenis The Color of Penis
I've not been foolish my whole life. Only when it counted.
don't crush my lifelong dreams.
The picture of me in the paper looks weird and they spelled my name wrong! It's ea NOT ey!
Are you ready for dine-out hunting? Hello we're here :D
WILL YOU PLEASE FOLLOW ME IT WOULD MEAN SO MUCH I LOVE YOU!!!!!!!
It's weird. I can't bring them up in a search. They must have been shut down already, but I'll report them anyway.
I got invited to a press function with Dennis Rodman in a gentlemen's club in NYC. Why can't I live in New York this week?
Ryan Secrest's face was priceless but the whole Sasha baron Cohen thing is so tired
Long time no see, hope all is well up north. Reply back to regarding your pics from our shoot this summer!
"Everybody knows how to raise children, except the people who have them." ~P. J. O'Rourke
I'll remember Brandon Inge for his throwing error in the World Series
Starting the trip to Israel with a delayed flight... At least I got through security without a pat-down!
Was able to DM you just now! We look forward to speaking with you in more detail soon!
Raj, I'm very sorry about that. Your account hit a peculiar but and support didn't have the info. I dug up your data and sent.
“: BREAKING: Yahoo appoints Ross Levinsohn as Interim CEO”
#THANKS To My New Followers and Happy Mother's Day Weekend! -
Challenge Accepted.
#FOLLOW the #Braves game that just started. #Braves up 1
IM AH Hot Commodity
Thanks for sharing our Holocaust topic page. We hope you found it informative.
Influenster just relaunched their new site! Personalized deals, complimentary product shipments, badges and more!!! www.influenster.com
THIS WEEK HAVE WENT BY REALLY FAST.
I'm pretty sure robots aren't supposed to swim.... agrees
I don't wanna. Do I hafta?
I thought Spillane would hold on to that lead at the end for USA gold! That looks like an incredibly tough sport.
I bought my first jar of mustard today... and I mean, first EVER. I do the weirdest things to support people. :)
Red Carpet Friday's 21+ 's Place | Ladies FREE Drinks & Cover Till 11pm **GET THERE EARLY** Tix giveaway to”DMX” & $25 Giftcard!!
I like the Oregon State upset.
I an never going to make it through tonight alive
So inspired by and his talk about 4/27. Learning so much about the value of a weather department at a local news station.
I have three tests today... That's just great. Is it graduation yet?
me head is killing me got some cute shoes, a nice shirt and makeup ^.^
We saw the VP's motorcade go right past us on La Brea. At least 50 LAPD escorts.
See H2-OH BEFORE they play at #summerfest - they'll be at the Beer Lovers Festival...have you bought your tickets? www.WelcometoGlendale.com
Thanks to a certain boy, I didn't get my paper done yet. So I'm burning the 3 am oil, listening to
Whats up with league pass!?! ...Less games but same old price!
“: Just wrapped location scouting for the shoot this Saturday. So excited!!” yeah! We are too!
your turn(:
Look out for Monson!!!
Doctors say KCBS reporter at Grammys had a migraine not a stroke. she tells her story on the CBS Early Show tomorrow AM.
The warm winter is bolstering citizens' pocketbooks more effectively than any of President Obama's stimulus packages.
come on Sooners!!
How's the AFM going?
#FollowFriday You should read tweets from
btw a 1mbps stream is pretty darn close to hd
yeah dude, whenever. . . come over and get schooled
Close but no cigar!!!
good luck!
IM INLOVE WITH
Tryon Edwards~ Between two evils choose neither between two goods choose both.
#royalfarmschicken on deck
dude the one by me has 2 floors and they are HUGE. I lost my dad in there. Loll
“: crybaby ass niggas #thatsthatshitidontlike”I know that's rite
the #NEWaesthetic = quickly produced, tech-heavy, content heavy, interactive, voluminous and wide spread
forever wishing i could be a cat. fuck life.
it was great - no shocking info or anything, just good insight from some local experts!
sorry I just read it! Thank you so much for responding! You are class act!
Alderman 537. Smaller office, no window, but I'm on the 5th floor with the other IT staff.
would another year in college real help Thomas move up the draft boards? I m not so sure.
RT : Thanks for all the #FF from and !
Thanks Chuck... You guys rock too!!!
Which direction?
College trips, #noschool (y)
Make that Tostado Salad healthier by replacing the dressing with Black Bean & Corn Salsa. You can save 150 calories and 15 grams of fat!
haha yeah same. They need to listen the the perfectness that is Ed, or they do not deserve to have ears.
Mine is: Whole Lotta Love - Led Zeppelin
" #OpenField reminded me of how removed I've become from play." Community response reported by Sarah Schultz
Heading out tonight to celebrate bday! Gonna be fun. The whole SR crew is coming out! Gonna be fun!!!
I always talk about how I hope to run my OWN gallery someday. Perhaps I just need to open the first? copyleft gallery.
I feel your pain. Outlook IS quite ugly. And a switch pack to a PC is painful. Wish we had a quick solution for that situation.
Anyone else ever feel the need to respond to a thank you card?
Jay Walker: "Priceline pretty much the first consumer-facing Internet company to pursue airlines"
that is a serious costanza, I like it
Doncha think they should've been ready, tho. I give no credit, where no credit is due (Cuil)
don't forget to use code words like "urban" when talking about Obama
won Road to Bonnaroo last night at the Mercy Lounge!
May you have a fantastic Monday brilliant one. We will talk this week. Look up, good things are in store.
Tweeting at yourself huh?! “: : It takes self control I have to not buy the 50% off Easter candy isle at the store.”
Thanks but i'm not a snob or a hoe. I promise. I've got lots of people who would disagree with you. Nice comeback. Seriously? /:
oh fuck that. I won't even let Saul dribble a ball Til 830!
Thanks for a great evening out and amazing Roof Top Tour!
It's funny, because the people i look up to the most, don't care. although I thrive to be them.
It's time for a vacation! Countdown to FI.....
Thank you! Loving it already!
Sullinger is great, but he is no Elton Brand. He may be next year.
Don't you hate when your so hungry ,you can't wait for the your food to cool. LOL!
Who is the world's greatest yodeler?
Off to #CES tomorrow morning. Bags packed and hardware ready. #ZOMM here we come!
This looks more like the little league world series...errors after errors
High of 84 today and sunny... Perfection!
I feel like every iconiac is going to f21 and buying the "iconic love" shirt hahah
Not the beat way to start a Monday.
Don't you just hate when people act immature?
#escaperoutes is a pioneer of
I will try it but don't be surprised if I blame it on you later lol.
Alexandra Burke - Elephant
Rest in peace Don Cornelius. Taught me how to dance. DC, it's your turn to join the Soul Train Dance Line. #soul train
Thanks for the rt ! Will you be there?
there'll be 21 more by the end of the month. I'm going to be a #cake expert!
Ok, thank ya =]
imagine if there was no such thing as a reflection off something or cameras :s
No buzzkilled, I wish everyone could be in #Hamtramck today. I'll put one down for you and the others that cannot make it.
I'm very sorry. The state of email is very very frustrating )-:
ah, my most prolific inventions are made on the 'weapon of ass reduction' as well.
I don't know how many times I have to say it: players know the risk of playing in the NFL. If you don't like it, watch figure skating.
Thanks for follow. Can't wait to get back to Seattle and check out some of these great acts with you.
#itsawkward somebody lets you hear their music and you gotta act like that shit is tight. or find something you like about it
Buy me a shot
Wow you are clockwork! RT : Welcome to the #LATISM party, your fave night of the week!
is this factual? Lmao
Watching soul plane its hilarious <U+263A>
On the Ave: Drunk girl "what if I was a man?!" Drunk guy to me "very nice"
Can't wait I absolutely love LOVE your videos
I love owl city's albums
Watching Brewmasters. Much love to
Checkout my facebook and twitter pages. Follow and like I look forward to the connections.
Isn't Manny Parra also a good hitter, for a pitcher? Why risk a Zack Greinke injury in that situation?
where did you eat brunch at? I live that area of town.
This Saturday, 28th from 4-7 come come help decorate signs for the #Cannabis Freedom #March! There will be snacks and beverages!
has quit looking for the perfect guy. It's kind of pointless looking for something that doesn't exist...
“: What's the opinion of #superbowl ads so far? Only Budweiser tapping #socialmedia in their ad” Hyundai cheetah wins my vote.
I moment wen you realized you can do so much better.....
What are u trying to cook? don't burn the house down.
excited to move out of my dorm today... i just don't wanna have to move back home.
I have become a regular at this bar. I'm embarrassed of myself.
Reply or Retweet if you'll be at ALA MW this weekend! Hope to see you all at Brodart's booth number 2321! See you in Dallas!
good times this weekend. a much needed break. it seems like the last year was in a lot of ways just the preparation. now to work.
Big Ques. What r diffs betn SM and "participatory culture" Are related but not identical. Yes?
Thanks for the shout-out! We're super pumped about our undergraduates' incredible work.
hey Al you tweet many of the same questions, like coach, players like AAU better, players parents are going to like scholarship
Follow me please?:)Thanks
watching CSI (I'm Eastern area) great!!! Its amazing!!! I have a greater appreciation for the Deaf Community!! Thanks
I have a feeling some of the pictures from the party tonight will be epic!
North country brewing now offering 10% off for members
How are you guys/gals seeing Prometheus? I'm leaning towards an IMAX 3D screening. No, I'm not press.
Buck Island Farm has Vidalias, tomatoes, squash and zucchini, eggplant, red and sweet potatoes and more. Fill your fridge with VA GROWN!
Isnt it funny how the word "Biebliber" sounds like u believe in something Mythical or Magical... :)) LOVE YAH !!!
love you body but i liiiiiiiikeeeeeeeeeee you smile <3
RT : Those interested in the NY #DigitalHealth #Accelerator - be sure to join the tomorrow live at 5:15pm ET. Hashtag =
Didn't go help guard because my dad promised to start early with breakfast and get motor in. He is still #sleeping #wtf!!!!
good luck with the show! Can't wait to see the new Brazilian talent.
WHY are flights to the east coast so expensive?!
But, he was recruited to play football at Southern Cal.
Awesome. May check it out. Had trouble seeing clearly in the Beta and was a little jerky. If trully cleaned and improved, +++
YAYYYYYY!!! So exciting!! And so close to graduating!!
Just pulled the audio broadcaster Spiro Dedes repeated Jeremy Lin ESPN phrase before end of game last night on MSG. Can't belive it
OH: Here is the answer to your question.
there is a master grill class thurs may 12th going to be fun!
We decided to forgo #sxsw this year! Are you headed out there?
We have tickets for the ABEL show Sunday October 17th for $10 let us know if you wanna go!
tomorrow should be a good day :D i cant wait till this weekend time to do me alittle shopping!
it's kool
FACT: Miss America is a Mary Kay beauty consultant.
BabyDolls Twitter is
Wish I were running with you tomorrow. I have been off for too long.
With more than 500 #UWsocial accounts across campus guidelines, standards and best practices are crucial!
ugh shake my head .
Were I very rich, what difference would it make? I am what I am. What else can I be? I am neither rich nor poor, I am myself. That's
is that the side project you've been working on?
Working on scripting out "The Old Man's Picks" for the upcoming NFL season. This year the picks will be filmed, should be fun!
Is There Any Chance You'll Be At The Botanical Gardens In Chicago This Weekendd?? #MahomiesLoveMahone 11
It was a cold but great day at kickball. Now its time for Hamptons- INside.
Do you mean it will become an actual threat, or a really funny threat? Or both?
#DanceMusic Cheap adobe cs4 master collection mac - DOWNLOAD computer software
RT "i just need somebody to love"*stars dancing to j bieb
That is so yesterday ^.^
Jake Scott: Ultimate connector: astrophysicist, nuclear engineer, radiation oncologist, cancer theoretician, mathematician. He's 36.
Marshalls mirrors- forever pointing out flaws you didn't know previously existed whilst simultaneously lowering your self-esteem~
love the show bro! I never miss an episode! You and your dad slayin those gators!
lol I get it
ooh wee! Stand the fuck up!
Yep Yep #mojo flowing!
just say #cgbb thank u :)
Finally on Twitter. It'll take me awhile to figure everything out, but I gotta stay informed! Hope everyone is doing well.
it's good cross training for #NYCM come on, you know you want to!
To whoever was driving that Red Silverado, today clearly wasn't your day.
Sometimes things are really goddamn awesome, then you wonder if anything that good will ever happen to you again, and you are sad.
hopefully one day!!! :) xo
You are my tragedy.
that's what's up
RT : Google C3 Car Club and see what pops up! They're on the map!!!! RETWEET!!!!
Reminder We are having Mall Fall Fair 9/25-26. Chapel H Mall Also Oct & Nov. Space available Call me 440-1745 It doesn't have to be a craft.
Don't forget to come to the VLP tonight from 7-9 for 2nd Wednesdays. Margaret Brent of Maryland- a living history presentation!
On the real this show is gonna be bananas tonight
I sure hope so since it's going to be our last year
Lol, Tank kinda downplayed just how hard he went in on BMac, but I thought his response was cool.
Happy birthday from Spinelli and the class.. lol
Congrats to for finally joining twitter ! The Voice of the WWE now tweets !
Thanks Hannah for RTing!
See you tomorrow at 6pm for #MMA #Conditioning . #Effective #Dallas #Fitness #Alternative www.MMACondition.com
In queens with my sis Sammy stam da boss
Enjoy your new home!!
Literally HATE calculus so much ... Wine wednesday is definitely going to be starting early today
I'd be scared if u cld read my mind!!! LOL
Kaitlyn just got a Fender Rhodes! Congratulations, you finally got a big gurl piano :)
Too early to step out on the ledge, my man.
_!|.+| COME GET YOUR CRUNK ON..... SATURDAY MATRIX --> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
he is my strength he fought his whole life he's my inspiration
There will eventually b sun; keep ur home cool & comfortable when it arrives! RT & make a free Energy Advocate appt! www.smartenergypays.com
6 more followers??
Howard University Freshman studying accounting and I'm a DOER!
o huh bruh,,what been good though son
I should be getting ready 4 work; AM Joe annoyed me so much I had 2 stop & tweet. So good to hear fr u this AM. Enjoy ur day!
when r u comin back to NYC?? I wanna meet u so bad!! <3
Thank you!!! Hes my baby with fur. Lol! :-) Very proud mother! :-)
Can we get on the track together???
these two are my favorites and i think they know it lol lol
Summer school starts tomorrow... Fuck... Morning P.T. To start off my bad day tomorrow at 0400
I could seriously go on and on about how awful Snow White is!
' I Put Your Picture Away, Sat Down And Cried Today '
what am I soposted to do
Got 2 new tri-pods today for my HD camera!Super juiced to get out and film this week!
Im not HAPPY!!! Its Mother day weekend and need 2 Be treated like a Queen...
What gives you hope?
feel free to send over recommendations to help with my withdrawal!
I heard the local paper has it out for jcpl and gave them lots of bad press.
Sixers getting schooled so far. Looking rusty out of the gate....
pop quiz (-___-)
Let's Go Defense!!
That #Knicks #Celtics game looked like I should have watched it. JR Smith with 25, Steve Novak going 8-10 from 3 and a Trip Dub from melo
I have all that I have because I am.
Ginger cake with stout. yum. well worth the clove-scented coffee from grinding spices in the coffee grinder.
I hope you got on the peppercorn gravy skillet taters... M M good
Solyndra — with $535-mil federal loan guarantee — filed for bankruptcy....the 3rd U.S. solar company to seek protection in the past month.
It sounds like everyone had fun at WI GOP State Convention this year. Wish I could have been there.
We’re sponsoring the “One Simple Goal” program at #PLA2012. Learn more about our products at Booth No. 1017
What a beautiful colorado day spent out on.the golf course
RT : The Creative Class, Post-industrialism & the Happiness of Nations - Cambridge Journal of Regions, Economy & Society...
Goodnight cruel world my nightmares shall be filled with the likes of thee
I Hate Cockiness.... So Unattractive.
I'll have it by tomorrow
Cool idea!
Durn ... may have to do Spinning certification in Miami this year. Fun, but lousy ROI.
B (watching regardless)
Is this the iBook version of Stage 13, or is it something else?
On my way to #srir11 in #NOLA, lots of exciting stuff to look forward to, I'll be tweeting thoughts and pics from follow along!
I think I've only seen 2 people from school all holidays! Loner!.
I do what I can
Started some fun on our Facebook page yesterday. Each day, a member of our company will post a favorite clip www.Facebook.com/concertopera
To live or to survive?
"Yo, Ya man Christian is a cake boy"
Great picture. You looked great
Good work. Why are you wearing a Bills helmet? Hope you're not going there, stay with the Pack!
of course
Shows cancelled while we take a brief hiatus.
ALERT: RT : LAPD ticketing bikes at Jefferson and McClintock.
lmaoooo ahaha my fault she was looking too though
It wasn't the same Steve Francis ...
thx u! Always need that. (big hug)
Why what's so special??
Everyone have a awesome weekend and welcome to all of my new directs
Cool! MT : Crazy!! Just got off the phone w/ someone at the for ! Plz keep your fingers crossed!
yeah, it's really just starting to grow cuz now theres 40-50 year old Wu fans & Jay is gettin up there.
good thing we have a social media expert at the house! I definitely need some lessons! #socialmediafail :)
Ok thanks xx
Hannah Montana the movie is coming up..
Goodnight peeps!
Twitter is just like a diary<3
can you post a tweet of the interview when you're done please?
Why does Veras still have a Pirates uniform?
Look at sign, laugh, hope it really bothers the weasel, then go on enjoying the game!!!
.: "Our ability to contemplate the dying process has profound implications."
RATED NEXT GENERATION.
Awesome RT : Im 20 years old Watch the show, go to Spelman College started my own lucrative business admire yal :)
Calm all the theatrics down, Royce & Tammy. I need to turn, these women annoy me. Reality shows are just brutal, I miss 'A Different World'.
ooh, looks cool. i'll have to follow along on Twitter and see what's going on.
In true love the smallest distance is too great, and the greatest distance can be bridged.
Do they really serve burgers in Transylvania?Very rare-ly.
:' ( we are going to get meds... and if i can't sleep. might go to the ER.
Hey Jonathan, sounds great! Let us know if we can help. Luke () would love to connect with you about this.
Hi, how are you? Please follow me, I would do the best day of all. That's my biggest dream, please. It is only a button.-45
You found me out.
curious how that spike integrates w/ the dynamic pricing you guys do.
no way my bff wont do that!
- Ryan Gosling waited for me to start watching The Wire on Netflix
...i breathe music....i bleed notes...my fingers are magic...my music comes from my heart and soul..
My first experience: amaze balls! Thanks to our driver, Papa!
watching lion king!! :)
what time do we have to be there tonight? I have a shitty memory
Easy add: incorp. HOW to share books along w/ titles in your booklists you already do
Noted. Thank you
Newman/Haas Racing has withdrawn its entry from the Indianapolis 500, increasing doubts that there will be 33 cars for this year's field.
There ain't nothin in the world like an 8-1-chick
i gotta bring my dog to the club because im trying to bring some chicks home
#myfavoriteartist is , obviously
The funny thing about this Tweet is that it says nothing and by the time you've finished reading it, it will be too late to stop
Welcome to the Industrial Information Age, with the pipes, pumps and repetitions of daily duties more subtle...and all the more insidious.
I was at the lake Sat night, no phone service, but they didn't come through after though.
What would it look like if the #Brewers actually tried to lose to the Cardinals every time they played?
Good Shabbos everyone. See you at the Lag B'omer BBQ. Join us - more info at www.Chabadga.com
row GA4* Section GA*
im always drinking one haha
People love to hear themselves tlk...loll...
So is tanned, fit Frank Sabotka always on The Office, or is it just this week? I haven't watched in a while.
RIP Etta James... What a singer, what a career, what a life.
Hey, Nichelle, good to hear from you!
The length of time it takes to finish editing and (re- and re) proofing a book = enough to make you never write a book again
Thank you --> “: Congrats on all your hard work on #Mindfire!”
yes! RT ": THE SAN ANTONIO #SPURS WILL HAVE HOME COURT ADVANTAGE THROUGHOUT THE WESTERN CONFERENCE PLAYOFFS! Thank you #Warriors"
My pleasure. Safe travels today and tomorrow. Can't wait to see what the new season brings.
...And now I'm in a movie theater for the first time in three months. Hrm. Crowded. I can't make up my mind whether I missed this.
i already checked it out.
#WESmackDown - Join the Sea team in wrestling the do good title to the ground against our wimpy Pdx team. Bam!
Lol RT : you know, that only means something if I can get free coffee, haha!
And that's for nothing, so look at
Haha! Yes, we will. Probably Dec. 20th.
Not if she doing brittney spears
oh heck I haven't even seen a single episode of this seasons' #BGT! I'm watching all about #Shrek on BBC3!!!
“: Today's #ThankYouGame challenge is to thank someone who has helped you be brave. << , my brother and inspiration..;) TY
Had switched my wallpaper to Kobe last nite in belief tht he won't disappoint me tonite
difference that I make in people's lives. Speaking is one thing, eating and drinking
Ormand Beach tonight with Derek Richards, rest of the weekend in Ft. Lauderdale with Bruce Bruce!
Deucebrand watch giveaway...coming soon
im back
Best thing of the week: another anniversary celebrated with Charles. How about you?
Am i the only one who hates their school... Please tell me im not the only one.
I bet Akinator with Shane Harper. www.en.akinator.com
RT : A man faces charges after he claimed to be the new manager of a Denny's then cooked himself a cheeseburger and fries.
We follow a lot of people, then they follow back! Make sure not to follow 2,000 so quickly. :)
we killed #nightmareweaver this semester & a kid stopped in today to tell me that was a big mistake.
I played Dys4ia yesterday (poignant, beautiful), coming to Harpy Diem tonight, and I'm hoping to get one of your books!
Caught myself singing Conway Twitty in the shower today. Totally gonna bite his style. Somewhere between him and Matt Smith from Dr. Who.
Exactly 1hr from SHOWTIME!!!...c'mon NUGGS!!!...then get yoself out here!!!
Youre welcome!! :) im just giving you some feedback :)
Excited about the reopening! Looking forward to the sneak peak this Saturday!
Cataloging years of music today..sucks but gotta stay organized
Fact: 141 million Valentine's Day cards exchanged annually, making Valentine's Day the second-most popular greeting-card-giving occasion.
Okay now I got real coffee and it's super steamy!
Im waitin to get my blood on the dance floor tattoo
PUT YO HANDS UP IF YOUR GOING TO GO HARD
oh my!
Nice! RT : I'm trying Alpha Brain today. Looking forward to turning my brain up to 11. :)
Yeah, hate when that happens to me.
Cops Arrest Naked Burglar Covered in Peanut Butter and Chocolate -
Sorry I have not been blogging lately this move has been hectic!
Fans chant "you cant beat us!" to add insult to injury
Still searching for more design and inspirations for my music video! Xox
RT : Just because someone doesn't do things your way... doesn't mean they do it the wrong way.//Preach!!!
Free #chadevans2! #wronglyconvicted & losing time w. His family! :(
What woman in your life inspires you?
I agree I noticed that too.
Oh how I've missed you. One amazing sandwich please!
I got a sick reputation for handling broads. All I need is me a few seconds or more and it's a wrap.
Wow. North Boulder west of Broadway on alert for fire evacuation!
this: 's Gemini
Thanks for the follow. The video looks great!
If Bibby was shooting like that when he was with the HEAT, we would've won the ring last season
best wishes for another 27 years!
aw :D
Daddy I miss u already I Love U wit mind body and soul c u wen u get bacc RIP OHead NEVER FORGOTTEN
In any family, measles are less contagious than bad habits
<U+2752> Taken <U+2752> Single <U+2714> Giving up.
:) I love your smile so much ...., its so amazing to see you smile :) I love u Z!
I just really love The Wanted.
the shit u hear bout me might be tru but thn it cud be as fake as the bitch hu told ya!!!
We have our new document scanner up and running. Combine that with our Guillo-Max and you will be scanning books in no time!
You guys were great tonite! RT ": Traded the "Brazilian Blur" Leandro Barbosa a race car helmet for some of his sick kicks!"
no, just stay an extra month and you'll be good!
Having beer and a burger at Stadium View. Gonna be a good night!
Merry Christmas #UTSA Runners!
Hahaha me too :D
The Whisky a go go New Years show featuring LA GUNS. Contact us if you're interested in some tickets. $10 presale, $20 at the door.
If I was your girlfriend I'd never let you go, I can take you places you ain't Neva been before
Yeah I'm alive and going home!!
Best song to ski to, ? Don't Bring Me Down...Grüß! (works especially well in the Swiss Alps/with a perfectly executed umlaut)
My god that sounds delicious. Never had anything bad from
no but embrace the craziness -- i try lol
Patriots lead Giants, 10-9, at halftime in Super Bowl XLVI.
I just got to use the phrase "altered timeline" in an email.
That is pretty amazing!
Just found out I'm going to be one of the naked girls. Join us Fri, Aug 13th in Chicago for Michelle L'Amour's - Naked Girls Reading
The Fortune Cookie line scores!!!
Life is good many in the balance now. At hospital to sort out my knee
and are having fun without me :( lol oh well mall time with em tomorrow :)
Yum yum yum! Nothing like some tacos and cerveza from the The Screaming Goat on a Thursday afternoon!!!
Late Thai dinner with
Not feeling the best this morning last night was fun now at work feeling like shit -_____-
These Pirates dont see that shark circling the ship?
Hosting a small school tour today along. Should be fun!
All panties are edible if you're hungry enough.
Just wrote a few poems. i feel accomploished. Thinking about joining the poetry competition :D
Finally going to bed, got a special boy on my mind.
Did you know that has FREE music classes for the wee ones next month? MusicGarten on 9/15 and Piano Pixies returns on 9/23
Headlining the Marquis Theater in Denver a week from Tomorrow! Last show in Denver for awhile so be sure to come out.
Who's making a wonderful chocolate to celebrate Boston Bakes? that's who!
Tulsi tea and Mary's Gone Crakers -- current obesssions.
One person follow me so my followers aren't 666!!!!! "PAKALITES" AIN'T WORSHIPING THIS "man's number!!!!!'
That place between what I want to do and what I should be doing is so uncomfortable.
Moving to Texas next year :-)
I'm using the Law of Attraction to connect with people and organizations who are making a difference for social causes!
People would think you are flirting.
I am super jealous!! Good Luck! :) RT you're looking at the newest intern at !
D.R.A.M.A=======>Dumb Retards Asking for More Attention!! #Get a life
yeah, girl! looking for some good beat-driven music. got any?
After some technical difficulties, our Imagine Tomorrow IT conference is up and running in-time for the 7th graders.
Yep. I'll be down there Friday AM through Wed AM. You?
The best thing is to get comments on it in leading blogs.
can I have them?
awhhh! But I love when you're a bitch<3
#kentucky is will always be my fav Team!!
TEBOW AGAIN!!! YES
I wish I never had to go back
lml am going for 2 weeks. Then I might go to florida.
1-0! Go ! Don't forget your roots!
thx for the add. How could a networking group in Eastlake help you or your business?
Whether we realize it or not, the body is constantly renewing, regenerating and healing. It all starts with the breath.
oh Obamacare did pass by the by. Remind me Of the thing u were made 2 do? Just 1 lousy thing u were made to do... "interesting"
Today's wonder relationship word is CUDDLE
haha it's just, she've helped me a lot with my issues and stuff, and now you're helping me too with your music
Justin Bieber makes me ashamed of our generation's music
Any recommendations on what's the state of the art or where we are heading in the JSON as a hypermedia format space? /cc
Haven't been around much but now regreting it..... all the memories we had won't ever go away r.I.p travis love ya
HUGE SHOUTOUT TO please follow him, hes awesome!!!!
Happy May Day! How does one celebrate May Day, anyway? :)
YET?! My point exactly!! Lol
": You can view me as a #WorkInProgress but I'll never be perfect...I'm just always going to continue to improve."
Nebraska crowd is loud
Now I can't forget you and it makes me mad left one day and never came back
how fitting. As I recall, we saw them in Chicago but my not have fully appreciated it at the time
That awkward moment when your favorite song from four weeks ago comes on the radio and suddenly everyone becomes obsessed with it.
oh nice :) that's exactly what I thought of u for- thought "Brooke would totally be a certified lol" find me next time!!
Luckily I was endowed, but not ordained.
good point, I think she meant acquaintances, though maybe you could thank a stranger thru their buz for great cust service.
Congratulations to Viola Davis, Octavia Spencer and the entire cast of "The Help" for their #SAGAwards !
lol love that! :)
Half off EVERY bottle of wine tonight! Come on by! St Rose & Bermuda. 1 mile east of the M Resort.
Lisa's Birthday Bash! I mean it's the May Birthday Bash at Mastrellas! May 21st! Classic Rock ALL NIGHT LONG! Come celebrate with the gypsy!
lol. His face is harsh. But he's hot tonight!
thank you! It's one of our favorites from the Exhale Elevation show
Who is going to 2013 Weekend 1? Pre-sale is Thursday!
Think whole late night, eat ice cream cake routine is becoming a bad habit
I just now realized why I had such a hard time getting to sleep last night. That decaf tea I had after dinner wasn't actually decaf...
I agree. Cavs lack almost everything offensively. At some point you can't keep adding non-shooters and non-scorers
Accelerated serendipity
I was really looking forward to seeing him but I am more concerned about him... hope he let's us know what's going on
7 straight home wins and tied for 1st in the Atlantic Division. The Division winner avoids Miami and Chicago in the 1st round
late night working... oh I love college.. well, not right at this moment. :-)
The intro to #American Dad was hilarious tonight, they did a spoof of the office intro.
Happy birthday to Tibet! xoxo
may the 4th be with you.
I love how when you don't have your BFF you talk to me but as soon as y'all friends again you don't even say hi. #Flaw #FuckYou #Bitch <U+270C>
"Mother" is my jam! Glenn Danzig and I share the same birthday.
Man thinks, God directs. - Alcuin
In return for this latest of many kindnesses, I'll buy you a beer in Chicago.
. + + = The Tres Amigos of my Twitter stream.
Today is my birthday :D. Let's raise hell in the streets, drink beer and get into trouble.
ill post some pics later as long as the electricity holds out
You're very welcome. Cheers!
“This information is inaccurate and cannot be trusted” DWD Secretary Newson on BLS' latest data showing WI private sector lost 6,200 jobs.
the Bulls get back to raising the trophy this year.
Famous A's with and then a little tennis with !
Rakim = the greatest emcee ever!!!
I can't wait to watch that 12th regular season game where playoff-bound Team A rests its starters against non-playoff bound Team B!!
Derrick Rose is looking like "why are the rest of these fools dancing" SMH
Deviating from "Summer of 69" and "Smoke on the Water", the crappy cover band is now playing "Chicken Fried" by Zac Brown.
You too D-Money!
scratch that, Lou wants to be the baby Jesus, or as he said, the "baby Tebow".
Hey Ivan, just curious, for 6/9 hackathon, r u going to design or develop? On a project team?
well that was a very unexpected text..
Congrats to A-Rod for hitting his 600th home run!
haha me too! It's pointless!
has tweetlimit so she can't help :((((
“: #ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate how big are your tits” Hahahahahahahah the irony.
Please Parmalee don't kill our players
Can you help me get more followers? Please.
Yeah, don't listen to our show, or anything.
thanks Amy - I know YOUR awesome never sleeps either :)
HA! I woke up from my delicious sleep just to post. And I gotta get up in four hours. yes, will poke :-)
Chicago has the best fans by far.
I know, it's stunning. Kinda helps me forget how much running sucks for a little bit :)
I am such a lucky girl to have you in my life.
where can I hear your music
Keep on gettin it
Our government is full of children.
t(-_- pinchi summer graduate! RT": You can't ditch SS :) RT : soo when the hell is senior ditch day?"
maybe ur conscience is a hypocrite. It stinks to razz you about how well u take care of yourself. Well done,#dialsoap issues.
Keep in touch shawty
Selling more triple pane than ever. Triple pane makes glass of the window 1/3 more energy efficient.Good windows block heat flow. Buy Smart!
Any school funding ideas out there?
Seriously...what's up lol
I agree! They never end!
I completely agree with you on this -- "Know when you write best". Thanks for sharing, Jim! :-)
This is Billy Queensgap Reporting LIVE! From the studio.. Dick Ramsses is tracking guitar for "From Beyond".
Says the girl from the state lacking helmet laws, gun laws, and seatbelt laws.
Asking my fellow dog owners to please comply with local leash laws. A stray dog (or pack) is considered dangerous unless I know otherwise.
Being nice never got me anywhere. Now that Im being mean and speaking my mind, Im seeing some results. I think I like this new attitude.
When tweets don't send<<
Meet massage therapist Sara Trohaugh, check out our space & get info about our practices at our Open House 6-8:30pm Friday November 4th!
Right on man! I'm enjoying reading about your trip!
A little peanut oil, grn onions, carrot, ginger, serranos, scrambled egg (opt) & soy. Um. :) RT : Dunwanna. :P
NOTE: PCA adopts "PCA Optional Rules for the Arbitration of Disputes Relating to Outer Space Activities" (eff. 12/06/2011): See PCA website.
The reason one supporter says he hesitates to back : Says Mourdock might be too partisan
i love that #The Bulls are a trending topic #drose, i'm gonna miss this place
welp bout to go night nigh now tweeters
Tron, of course. ; )
That awkward moment when you're talking to someone and your gum falls out of your mouth.. AWKWARD.
wats ya name??
We should enjoy it while it lasts honestly lol. The atmosphere at #CamdenYards tonight was awesome!
I love The Civil Wars <U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
has been done to you, God does have a plan for your life. I hope everyone has a abundantly blessed day.
I hate drama.
Most of the time I ignore the ignorant! But this was too good to ignore! I enjoy it!!! :)))
Good grief, are you in the hospital?
I love these.
Can one be melancholy with company, or does commiseration spoil the mood?
Uugh! I did something bad to my toe in a soccer game. So dumb.
I love being a stylist to my friends.
It's the first day of May! Do you need help with your #Quickbooks this month? The #QuickBooksGal can help! 775-348-9225
Just bought a 6 pack of Westvleteren 12. Will keep half and use half as trade bait. M!
Writers: Publshrs Lunch says agent Liza Pulitzer Voges opening agency, Eden Street. She will rep authors & illustrators of children's books
"I've been a moonshiner for many long years. spent all of my money on whiskey & beer. I go down to some hollow and set up my still and...
Lmbo I guess
Watching Reservoir Dogs for the first time with a few Stella's.
gotcha......it's going to be a trip until Nov.
that's the spirit (; The M4 ditch looks nice this time of year, nice and soggy..
Friendship is like pee in your pants. Everyone can see it's there, but only you can feel the true warmth.
MT ugh. but you are so awesome for sprinting in time for your segment! I'm sure #MAG appreciated it #WE-DO!
What's your favorite song ?
well done, young padawan! was it awesome?
": Not by me. RT : Walking has to be the most underrated act known to man." :(
ya u can bring them Monday. U don't have any I'm going to start on the storyboard
These russians in Wally World r so annoying talking in their annoying language. I left one line & went to another & they followed me.
RT : Tomorrow! The unveiling of the restored Hung Far Low sign! Celebration starts at 5pm, unveiling at 7pm. Join us!
got tired of all the radio in sac. Found you by accident. I haven't changed the station since. thnx for being different.
also, just found all my coheed cambria.... feeling old.
oh how I want an invite.
Tomorrow is your chance to talk public transportation with heads of Cleveland & Akron RTA. Ideas to improve service? Let us know.
because we sounded just that incredible. We should make a 1D cover band...
Getting into the 3/4 stuff....so much finger flaunting xD
Yall Go follow
yes! Something fun and social soon! That is more likely this month now that I'm not working a million hours anymore.
Children under 12 shouldn't play tackle FB but they are. The answer is education of the Coaches, they are the problem.
Sprint. Tried ordering iPhone online through AT&T but it kept on giving me error page...had no idea why. Eff em...
- actually you would be a super hero if you could help with any women's sizing. Shoes, jeans, dresses... They all morph!
sky diving dog! how do we book this pup for our show? woof!
Rangers got the W... Now I need my C's to get theirs!
I have honestly been in love with original movie scores since the first moment I heard the scores to starwars.. Movie scores make the movie
have fun
RT : Great pres from Greg Raschke comparing Moneyball and pos arbitrage to library collection management.
B'ldy Cow! Organic Breast Enhancement Products Research? Downing Street James Cameron
Ale Ale Alejandro <3. I love that song.
I really like Sex Yeah and Living Dead and ofc Primadonna is the standout but I'll give it all another lis bc I hated the rest
He only drinks his own. RT : Sure but what would Bear Grylls say about that? ;)
u to Ariana:)
Road trips are for rich people.
are you nervous or excited for the clippers game?? As a lakers fan, I hope the celtics destroy the sixers, so u can beat heat!!
#Teamfollowback:) you follow me and I'll follow you back..
Thank you! :)
word! you know I'll come by to visit you.
Disney Junior UK&#39;s #1 Series Jake and the Never Land Pirates Goes Virtual With the Launch of Jake&#39;s World
Free download! free download! free download! free download!!New Faddy daddy single today.........
Can't wait to see the interview!
Just read the Jolly class e-mail! I hope the surgery goes well. I'll be praying for both of you!
I always marveled at how Paul Dee would wear a sportcoat on 80+° days @ Orange Bowl. Dude must've lost 50 lbs. in sweat every game...
Thanks Chandra!
Had to stay in and work on finals. Heading to the Scamp grounds early tomorrow for an on-site walk through!
Louis C.K. would make an awesome Ghostbuster
Home from SuperCamp, Stanford U and SF trip. Coast of CA muy bonita.
hehe im back! lol. (: did u miss me?... dont answer that question. lol.
ok on my way
today has been such a long day.
I know what you mean. Seems so silly the things I worried about BC. Sending healing energy!!!
Twitting yu twits
thanks so much maria!
I hate raves with a passion I find them pointless.
At today - getting my students ready for their agent interviews! Are you ready?
Interested in hearing where you tried this...E La Carte is getting lots of traction on the POS integration front.
HE'S MY LITTLE SECRET SHHHHHHH =)
RT : Oh look! Matt Flynn is trending! Awesomeness :)
Has finally finished Alexi Laihos Newest Rock House DVD Titled In Your Face Guitar! Now to work on Rock House Course Book and Master Classes
Its a kind of day :)
I'm in Chicago, wish I could meet you, I'm getting close to launching this product and would love your feedback
had the same convo with my boy the other day...preach to them, these youngins don't know.
Will I? And this is going to happen, how? Lol
On my way to the 49455.
is speaking to the SJSU SAA Student Chapter tonight! Woo hoo! Thanks, Kate!
There is a theater in the town next to me w/ a similiar story(MoscowID). Nice Job on the short.
We've supported the right of LGBT community to marry for years now, and were elated to hear agree yesterday.
One month after the layoff, focus and drive are returning. Sense of time and date are still lacking.
A very special day for very special people. Happy holidays.
Agreed! RT : great show!
Everyone check out the new stuff!
btw, January 1 is a great day to have a kid. ;)
Clash a boil down
I haven't had this much fun in...wow.. AGES!
your thoughts!?
The #Sixers have now won more playoff games than the #Flyers this year!
just saw a guy driving his car while talking on one cell phone & texting on another...
You know life is good when as a writer you work your way into 1,633,906 followers.
So hyped! Gonna show out tomorrow!
I'm so G that I'm almost H.
WHO HAS SKYPE? LET ME ADD YOU.
Have to give my homie a shout out for the new sounds he donated to my itunes library!
i love you and go houston texans
Can it be My turn to get Noticed by you? Please? I just want you To know about my Existence.
Can we talk about the importance of personal privacy without also addressing the need for personal publicity?
Cowboys and aliens was good western movie
I would be over there but Im djing around the corner at 57 West. Enjoy your visit on Orlando
Retro hackers! I like that. XD
Today is the day we should all come together & remember the 3,000 people tht died on tht tragic day. To me they are all heros & may theyRIP
« « My Old Bitch fucked up. My New Bitch lucked up & My Ex tryna suck up....ALL THESE Bitches got me fucked up!»»
sounds like the flu
The difficulty is that patents work differently from copyright. Easy to say "she traced my painting!" [+]
Spending my day in the beautiful sun <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084><U+2600>
RWE wants to welcome former Ms. America, Jane Park Smith, to our Honorary/Advisory Board!
THANK YOU to those who have taken time out to show their support of my dream. You support me and I support you----100%!
Panic at the disco is back?
Cocktails then on to #wonderlandfridays! Fantasy > reality w
..really? You look, well..kinda serious, but nice! Love the shoes, cheers-Stronodelarosa
Thanks so much to for an EPIC closing keynote
hey whts his twitter account name
To all my bad #Bitches I can see your halo
At least you didn't blow up the microwave?
Lol, I don't mean forever.. but I mean, everytime I want to go i've been getting sick or something O.o
Ok, back to my dark theater room here in It's all good.
CAFFEINE BEVERAGE RUN.
I assure u is equally delightful, if not more so. Happily, we're in close proximity, so easy 2 nab us both!
The government had the funds to bail out the banks,but now we are taking money away from education? What does this say about our future?
Your the Best, thanks for following me.
Idk what thats supposed to mean
You're not gonna be invisible <U+E326><U+E022>
Tweet tweet. Get me pizza.
Omg spider called on my hand. I've never screamed so loud
At the lunch table waiting for school to start so bored in the mornings.
Listening to that game red album @ work 2day... Hotness
Furniture just got here. Come on cable guy... Let's get this done.
Well didnt get yelled at today! They said my bite was getting a lot better too!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
I wanna see that too! We should go!
too bad your not 21! Have a blast. Come to washington and follow back :)
thanks Chris!!!!
U should get an iron knee and come back
RT : RT : Tying to find great real estate people to follow on twitter? Just follow anyone using the
Still pretty cool if you ask me.
TY for the info. We're helping #WI teachers improve their access to qual training. All info helps us support
I love God's people and nothing can make me stop. I will ALWAYS forgive because I am forgiven & that is my most valued possession
I always feel like a better woman after getting my eyebrows threaded
All those fairytales are full of shit, one more fuckin love song I'll be sick
Love to read at bedtime - good habit!
makes me want to pick a fight with the biggest dude in the pit!
Before you rise from bed...ask...how may I serve today? In the stillness listen for the answer :) We are here 4 each other.
my twitter and facebook pages are not getting along!
It tasted as good as it looked! :) Have you been to ? It's my fave in #Vegas!
It smells like nasty rat -_-
Sanford, FL police chief criticized for his department's handling of the Trayvon shooting case will resign permanently today
Yo Rosemary! :P What time are you on tonight!?
KD - probably not gonna get a RT b/c of my OU photo but I appreciate you keeping it real with your fans. Love the video!
Yes. In a hospital it is given at a 'normal' 5 liters. Next Q: yes, it can go Boom.
aint nobody mad, wht imma be mad for we joking around when I rib i dnt stop lol
what's worse, an 8 hour layover in amsterdam or a 6 hour layover in edinburgh?
Happy Birthday Peter Zumthor!
Follow this dude he needs more followers bruh all my followers follow him!
because its actual people who are choosing the songs, not a computer
mon. was free play, thurs was $35 dollars I went in with, today was free play and $40. That's it! Haven't been 4 a while.
Pita chips with hummus!
#TheHalls event tonight! For returning students, an opportunity to learn about where you can live next year. 6p-9p at Kimmel (10th floor)
Got a hot song coming for yall be on the look out youtube.com/ABTheRapper
In times of extreme duress and existential horror, I take solace in something my father once said: "Pussy don't got a face."
Good thing tomorrow is my last day in school this week!
I hope the Grammys are banning all the drug infested rock groups also. Or how about the gang bangers?
Hard to think of myself as a hardcore badass when the 1st 2 things I do when home from work are defrost chicken & apply Ben-Gay to my arm.
I'd like cooler wx in Florida
sit on my face
I hate it too, dude. Its so hard to lose weight. I run 2 miles every night and I'm still not losing anything. It sucks.
With the greatest guitarist i know his skills are going to make start crying
I love watching fights develop on internet forums.
then clearly we need to schedule remedial training next weekend!
I've actually postponed my blog being available to public - maybe in a week, I'm not sure. Sorry! <3
Need Rocky (as in & Bullwinkle) costume, suggestions aviator hat and goggles?
that is SO awesome
Would be an honor to face you one more time!
....I feel like Larry Stylinson is getting more distance and it's more Zarry now. Oh okay sorry for my opinion.
Loving this weather:-)
Rio Grande Ravens! See you at Prom Tomorrow Night...I'll be the guy at the DJ booth
matter fact im bout to post this damn sample when i find it !!!!!
Just 2 hours ago when Demi Lovato came on the radio, I was like who actually cares about her? Then I read the X Factor news. Oh.
Gods grace is all that I need!
Did I miss the Colts being able to survive the loss of their QB? The same situation that the #Bears found themselves in?
what the hell are you talking about man? Respect you but this is garbage, TO laiden, aau ball
HAPPY BIRTHDAY DOLL! :)
An old friend will help you move. A good friend will help you move a dead body.
that's because the beard invokes fear and respect. Children don't know how to internalize it.
bring it
This guy agrees with me tha the need to retire Glenn Robinson's
... But your point on the ingredients still hold truth for sure.
I don't always beat my hookers, but when I do, I prefer a crowbar.
Watch the Floor my signature phrase for the past 4 years but the question is where at on the floor????
Well in all had a great night :))
#DASER Shih Chieh Huang uses sensors from night lights in his artwork.
Didn't eat any of my food in 3rd period because i'm still so full from this morning.
Continue. :) RT : Michael B is the coolest
I'm reading "Prey" by Michael Crichton. It's pretty good. He writes very plainly. Not many metephors or simlies. He keeps you reading though
RT : Our abstract is in for Research Day. See you in April! ------Awesome! See you then!
I'm finally over him!" "Really?" "Yeah!" "Okay, want some chocolate?" "He likes chocolate....
i now have a new boat story. :-)
I have such a hangover yet I didn't drink?!?!!? O.o or did I. I can't remember.
bahaha! If I weren't the true leader, I'd agree. ;) lol
JOCTAN! Hi :P
I absolutely cannot wait for David Denby's review of Three Stooges. Bated breaths over here, folks.
you're welcome! I am excited to see the show!
Truly then end of an era. He loved his sport but wasn't seduced by it, he wasn't a shill unlike, say ESPN.
YW. Happy to "meet" you here on Twitter.
I want the Lakers to lose
Welcome home!
A grey day in Dallas and I am already feeling (and being) somewhat productive.
The world is all gates, all opportunities.-- Ralph Waldo Emerson
XL my friend
Seriously, the people who park around my apartment complex need to learn not to park like assholes.
HAZY SUNDAYS | $3 Bloody Mary Bar, $8 bottomless mimosa and a breakfast pizza. Perfect day.
haha your so sweet!!
So quiet at my end of the hall today... there wasn't even the typical lunch time backup!
Carlie!!!!! We need to hangout today!! :o
good to hear it went as well as it did, i know it must have been hard on everyone
Any #JWhitesidesST members online?
WE LOVE YOU MIKEY <3 :)
Medically speaking, that's not really possible.
Olivia and I decided to be proactive this year and get our taxes done early. #h&rblock
rite on! Thanks. I fuckin love BTW
You already know!
Live your life with your eyes wide open.
dm it to me and ill hit u up
We have $5 lunch specials from 11am - 4pm everyday! Today is our Greek Cheeseburger! Enjoy!
Comatose patients are just extreme nappers
Getting back into the Tecmo rhythm. Saints take down Packers and their hapless Run D.
Bulls! Holy fucking wow!
Higher Ed terrible at deprovisioning.
RT : J. Carr: #dh approaching a moment like comp/rhet yrs ago--an excitement, yet also a force to be regimented, less crazy
#kansascity meet-n-greet? With us? In the making? Coming soon?!?!
ROLL ROLL ROLL YOUR HOE FUCK HER TIL SHE SCREAMS BUST A NUT SMACK HER BUTT THEN PASS HER TO THE TEAM <U+266A> <U+266A>
Haha dang. Ima rat you out!
ALSO I am totally recovering my vocal strength :D
im jealous
R u interested in a Big Role in our Compton Based Hood Movie 2 STAR n Other Known Name Talent? Email pl
You are welcome, great content needs to be shared.
you're right, I was there!
The guy at the unemployment office saw me reading Abe Lincoln vampire hunter and recommended World War Z. Thanks guy with job.
To the degree we’re not living our dreams; our comfort zone has more control of us than we have over ourselves. – Peter McWilliams
love you to
A velociraptor with lasers on it's head
had a good day until this fag called me hollin
No, but I'm okay with strikeouts. Don't really differentiate between them and other outs. Still walking a ton.
Baby, you reek of undue accomplishment. Go home, for good.
I thought you were good looking, until I clicked "view more pictures"
TODAY , come chat with guest worker writer Sarah Shun-Lien Bynum (12- 3PM)!
"Heres a word for you fracking" -dad
Question Of The Day : What would you attempt to do if you knew you could not fail ?
I rly don't think I've smiled as much as I did this morning in a long time.. I LOVE 's nephew !
watching monday night RAW
If you want to be loved...be lovable.
Facebook is DOWN! No! My crops!
I cried you a river, now drown in it!
Rep are making a puppet for Romney's running mate, teaching Mitt ventriloquism so he can change his mind mid-sentence and blame the puppet
Oh Pell no!
Well, so much for my Cyclones. Completely fallen apart... inability to hit a 3 has been disastrous.
Come here bitch
Lololololol. South Park. Cartman wants to become a NASCAR driver. Hahahaha
all are good choices!
they made it in town. Good make it work
Of course, Silly. I just hadn't told Caroline.
Delicious & 300 calories! How can you beat that kind of deal? Come enjoy your Egg McMuffin!
I'm working :(
turns out there are little south korean children within every KIA vehicle. Maintenance means death and a replacement must be ordered. FYI.
If you picked up your "Earth Week" card, the game card is now valid with purchase of buffet until 6/30/2010.
we are on fire. Giggs comes back and the engine will be full for next 80miles to the cup.
It's not the last day of #mw2012 that's hard. It's the day after.
also seemed to always know what we were tweeting about immediately. Never figured out how he tracked it all!
Packed and ready for the area meeting tonight. You all are amazing!
coo! Dam curry hurt rite
Finally through Atlanta.
just this one LOL
The NFL's Most and Least Economically Savvy Franchises - Forbes onforb.es/oz6bjw
omg two in a week now! I was ok thx, but you've blown my mind :) No I'm so so thanks, how you doing? Working?
Had an out of this world dinner with at
All this class is teaching me is that sometimes violence is the only answer.
very cool Pauly! Let us know when you may get to the East Coast for shows!
you mean
Q5 I want quality, value, social responsibility, durability, etc - how to maximize?
yea its still wed for you I believe. And then she eliminated option 1 for us..
Vernon did grafitti as an assigned class project. Far out!
Happy girl :-)
Anderson tells GOP rejection was "mean-spirited." Says she's not sure she'll take Dayton's offer.
In need of a mani & pedi
The way you treat people not always the way yoi get treated... good hearts get played
ive been good.. and u??
It's so chill goin to work at like 11pm ha
SMFH RT : ? RT : I bet Kobe don't have as many rings as the points they're loosing by
What's up with mustache Aaron Rogers? Movember is over. Or is it?
yehp. The joint "The Crash" is on there
Cost accounting is going to be the death of me :-\
Awh,Food Poisoning Isn't Fun /: Hope You Feel Better!
that kind of a day?
Thanks! IBM is handing out Big Data books. I did think David Barnes was an excellent speaker.
You gotta stand up for how you wanna live
Can the Miami Heat afford NeNe with the new CBA agreement?
Be careful who you trust & tell your problems to. Everyone who smiles at you is not your friend.
Ratliff scores in transition to put up 3-1 with 7:04 in the first quarter.
Thx for the mention!
French firm wins license for Idaho uranium plant
Something positive. Aint no sense in stressing over it. Either do something about it or let it go. Its as simple as that.
He got paid from Verizon too
just listening to music you? :)
It is a problem when I open my Outlook calendar and don't know when I'll actually work, right?
Yeah ... About that ... We are sharing ... Done deal
Well put RT : Realizing that a big reason I hate talking politics is that it's actually hard/awkward to agree on facts.
#SAYSOMETHIN IS AMAZING ITS BEEN IN MY HEAD ALL DAY <3
No one from #NorthDakota has ever been to Throwstertees.com. Come on, North Dakota, what's it going to take?
oh yes. Bynum is beast.
Like I said, not sure what the poor part of the choice was!
Ahh nothing like the fresh smell of prints right off the press! Seriously! Hooray for the new issue!
I'm getting ready to DJ the Michael Bastian Fall 2012 show.
answer your damn phone it's time to
the realist!
that's a lot!
Uh oh mayweather got his panties in a twist!! 0_O
Just gave suellen a fat lip...whoops
its like sitting in room temperature merky bath water
Here we go #Nadal and #Federer!!!
Wow I advent been on here in awhile I have tweets from 3 months ago in my time line.
Or maybe Walker means he'll create the 250K jobs by losing on June 5 and letting someone who knows how to create jobs take over
A good hockey player plays to where the puck is. A great hockey player plays to where the puck is going to be. --WG
Anyone else think Tyler Glenn is attractive? Lol
I like #Grimm as well
Parada kick-off dance this sat night, at Whiskey River!!!
Thank you Sir.
thanks! Glad you enjoyed it. We sure had fun!!
RT : New menu starts today : get our corned beef & cabbage on your plate for St. Paddy's! Full menu:...
The Jedi Council received Continuing Education Credits after Yoda's lecture on using RTTT funds.
You were awesome this morning! Tonight will be rad!
My favorite clients are the ones who upload an avatar to basecamp.
Looking for a new or new-to-you car in/around Madison, WI? How can I earn your business?
Welcome to the BSU President's Club!
When empowering others, don't forget to empower yourself. It will deplete you if you don't
Make everyday the best day.
it was wrong last week, but dialidol has Jessica Sanchez safe and that's after she started last after 20 minutes of voting on East Coast
me too, our tune is KILLER... No pun intended! girl I love it here!
We saw Hoda running up Harlem Hill! Go Hoda! RT : Just finished my 1st #nyrr 10k race! did you see me?
Ugh they're the worst! I don't even try them on anymore!
Happy, happy, happy birthday !!! *Wahooo!!*
I need a nail file.
Some body else got this phone so please stop text ing please
yes indeed it is. I think it just happened in the last month
I'm not sure why but I just ran outside into the pine trees bare foot and I'm out here now I don't wanna go back to the house. At all.
just looked in the mirror and i got like 3 shades darker on my puerto rican swag
If you did not see it with your own eyes or hear it with your own ears, don’t invent it with your small mind & share it with your big mouth.
Found an uncashed check in my bag. Hello
A nigga will not care if you jumped off a bridge and landed on your neck & died
*so I can go into my job
its April 21 and thank you:)
Woke up and saw fowler came back! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
With about to activate our vip passes.
Thank God it's Friday..and How Bout them Gators?!!
Doug Martsch on Wednesday nights! Great show!
Oh that's cool.
Weird question: Anyone know of any video of (Kevin Michael Richardson) doing a Captain Kirk impression? Supposed to rock it.
yep I always get them speeds up recovery and I have to be able to sing
Kaveh Bazargan - River Valley - discussing WordPress as a publishing platform. would go well at
here to a good one
Just learned Martin Luther King was a notorious adulterer...really really starting to wonder if a good man has ever walked this Earth...
As long as you're by my side, I know I have nothing to fear. I can take on the world full force becuz you have my back.
Aww. I'm glad Dean has found somebody. It would interesting that episode.
Thanks for sharing the bike sign up form w/ ! We can't wait to see all of you guys next weekend!
what ? Cod?
Hey folks, thanks for the follow (Laura & Mr Cranky Editor). Cheers!
Were you taken out of the Animal Kingdom in an ambulance? If so, I was there.
At school higher than a chinese kite
Well...that game sucked butt
Tree of Life finally opens at Vinegar Hill tomorrow.
Watching a cooking show...trying to get ideas lol
Last week I was at a Brewers game and saw a Bears #4 Favre jersey. Tried snapping an incognito pic but didn't turn out.
(article linked in previous tweet is en español)
“: This tweet is 6 Tweets away from Kevin Bacon re-tweeting it” LOL
...especially for a small donation so he can, you know, eat and not sleep with rats in his shelter room.
#ItsAwkwardWhen You feel like you talk to all the wrong people.
Had some stuff go down here. Was on a Facebook/Twitter hiatus for a while. What's up America? Loading wise-cracks.....
Shouldn't David Stern win Executive of the Year?
Why thank you :) Got any big plans for the weekend ?
Sometimes we need to hear that the right thing to do is to keep doing what is right!
just downloaded "chasing the sun" ahh! :) and "glad you came" is playing on the radio as I tweet! :)
hot chocolate with cinnamon
Maybe Robert Knapp's "Invisible Romans" is better? "Everyday people"? The non-megarich?
I know same! I feel so unprepared though!
They lovin vid right now..successful blk man wit his blk wife treatin her like a blk Queen
When does the segment air?
Cats hangover.
we're here!
What section will you be in at Citi Field on June 18th?
"When all you date is athletes, all you know is this lifestyle" only a certain amount of women are actually capable to deal with athletes
No decision for Troy Williams today. He says that one may come later in the week.
Anyone do drywall in #Rochester NY? Looking for an experienced person to either assist me or do the job!
I knew I wasn't alone! :)
Amazing performance! RT : Holy shit! just sang La La Land live !
Thank you for the RT, !
Boa I Aint Had No Cat Since Saturday Before Last. Thats So Not Cool.
Had the pleasure of speaking with last night. He was somehow even nicer than he is on The Best Show. How is that possible?!
I'll try one.
very cool facebook link from Chef Mom - I "liked" it on facebook and bet you will too!
My nigga taking a shit at the club....lol
Right back at ya, hun! XOXO
Thanks so much to all those who attended and support the ChingoZine launch party! It was amazing. If you didn't make it out the...
I'm very disappointed you would retweet a person with an offensive user name. I think all your followers deserve an apology.
Omg #TheWeekendShow is making me cry haha
On This Day: May 15, 1618, Johannes Kepler discovered his harmonics law.
I'm following anyone that follows me
is about to lead the bus in prayer
Thank you very much!
Why bother?
Very funny shows!
You must have downloaded it to your iPad then. Do you see the app on your iPad home screen?
At the after party for the new joint!!! It's crrraaazzzyyy in here man. If u ain't here u ain't nowhere!
tell mama i said happy mothers day and i love her the most
OMG, she looks stunning..very old hollywood glamour look, luv those red fire lips
The Efficient Fund Hypothesis
All i want it a tweet back! HOLLA! You are awesome!
Decided to forego an audition after finding it was located in the bachelor pad ontop of a hill with no sign of life in sight.
Up bright and early!
Word thank yhu for makin my Monday nite awesome
I guess if the green-eyed monster is greedy then the red-eyed monster is the one that cares too much?
- DC in the house. You're my favorite non-Wizard. Keep doing what you do.
Tell Your Dad Happy Father's Day.!<3 For Making Such A Talented And Cute Guy Like You!<3 Follow Back.!(:
I kind of wish Nick Fury was played by anyone else
I was going to do it until I saw that one of the requirements was good attendance... Awk
New web look! www.rarero.net ! credits to header contest winners for the headers!
One less bridesM will make your life so much easier in the end. It's more intimate too, and u can give them a nicer gift :)
good luck tomorrow. It's real early, no worries
Long time. What's up?
this girl in my class said usher discovered justin and I was like no, it was scooter & we were arguing about it. Bitch please, i would know.
Sorry to hear about Etta James. She was such an inspiration!
#faaaaareezing = sleeping in my robe, long johns and a long sleeve tee.
Facebook doesn't hold a candle to Twitter on nights like tonight (NH Primary).
At a conference last week, a woman used face time to check her hair. She had to stop to do this. In the middle of a hallway.
A facebook grifter! That's the nicest thing anyone's called me in a long time.
Watching american history x
Thanks for the followup. It was a hoppin crowd last night. Enjoyed tasty Achiote Salmon. Big thanks to Kate for takin care of us!
LOVE that has added Character and Paragraph styles in #CS6!
Getting ready to take my US Citizenship oath today. Interesting times.
TY for RT of my work! Hape you all have a great weekend.
Who remembers how to get in free to the MOMS Sale?
Can't get comfortable with this big ass brace on my leg.. ugh :/
And no, I don't think Taco Copter is a real thing, but a boy can dream can't he? A boy can dream.
Never realized that sticky notes could be so useful!
I may or may not find my way to your store. I have to out someone... you know who.
With the way this game is going, holding Wisconsin to 3 on that drive is big.
not every guy is going to fall for you little slut act so you might as well stop. it's not cute.
One roommate is dying his hair, one is showering, the other is shaving. I just need to fuckin piss. This is how people get kidney stones
More of a Gold Foil Variant, but yes.
Really enjoyed 's #UnitedStats on Think my Tuesdays at 10pm are locked in.
Watching 2 guys that are priorities for us in this 2:30 game. They would look really good in UD navy blue!
"An actor is looking for conflict. Conflict is what creates drama... The more conflict actors find, the more interesting the performance."
you girls should come into Velocity for a good workout to prep for the season - free trials.
I see my path, but don’t know where it leads. Not knowing where I’m going is what inspires me to travel it.
haha , that's mess up o_O ha well I'm in English class & that sounds pretty fuckinf cool I've always wanted to bowl -:0 but
Thanks! #Smithsonianthirst was just dubbed "nerd Nirvana"! This is going to be fun!
will do, thanks for the follow back and I'll shoot you a quick note soon.
Chem final down. Feel pretty confident about it. One more to go today and 2 tomorrow
$2 TUESDAY $2 TUESDAY ELEGANCE LADIES FREE TILL 11 $2 DRINKS TILL 12 ( TOP SELF INCLUDED) HOSTED BY DJ ROK & MIKE DEAN
EMMA BUNTON - DON&#39;T TELL ME YOU LOVE ME ANYMORE ...
probably better than here in Denver.
p.s. when I was baking the cake last night, I was totally reminiscing about our brownie days. It was just not the same. :-(
I just finished watching "The Vow" & my niece slept through the entire thing. She's still sleeping, love this.
Good Morning! I did have a good weekend, got to see some family and spend time with the kiddos! How about you?
On the phone with :)
When u have a common name people can email u accidentally. It's weird when it's personal & if recipients reply all & u get the whole convo!
Happy Birthday Cody, many years of life, I wish you well, and that his career will continue pumping throughout the world <3 37
Only I kno when enough is enough whether you lien or not I'm tired of rumors and tired of hearin shit so gone wit cha life and imdo the same
Slap Shot is on right now. Yay!
Starting to really dig Google Docs.
If my hair doesn't start working I'm just gonna go bald..
you're cold hearted Vaughn! Halloween must be in the air
FYI the links under "Want to Lend a Hand?" are broken ... just # placeholders. Probably need to be fixed.
Baby girl!
": She got a flatty" <- Lol "Cole...you stupid"
Love big city 1) NFL 2)
#YoMommaSoFat when she bleeds grravy come's out
Fall season is filling up quickly. No spots left on Thurs. Tues & Wed nights still open. Kinda makes me feel slutty.
Great audience at Titanic. Talking & using their phones the entire time. I'm sorry, are the deaths of 1,500 people too boring for you?
do you disapprove because you dont like Taylor or because fake fans will starting liking him just bc of her?
You too Tom, Happy Thursday
which txt u talkin bout???
thank you! it was a great article.
Some tweeps are so impatient. If I don't follow back within a day, they stop following me. Funny. I don't live on Twitter 24/7, folks.
Everyday is a gift from God, Treasure your blessings.
Yeah that was just recently explained to me - very unusual.
so sick you were at 's FIRST concert. (:
I mean there's so many people, what's stopping you from doing something ridiculous?
Forget that. I actually want da moo moo
I'll be there! Woohoo! Rt Who wants 2 come 2 Orlando this weekend & hang out with & me?!
tris man on point like two red dice
forgettin' bout me already, i see -_____-
Dinner and a water view.
cant sleep
Bitch its a FACT your a fat slut not a roomer I made up!
The Avengers tonight <3333
I've pretty much defected to facebook, yet upon periodic Twitter visitation I discover curious accidental reading of my tweets.
I have Saturday & Sunday Off!!!! Thank God
its such a delight to hear from u!!! :)
as much as I was hoping you'd fail, glad it went well! would have liked to see/hear it.
Not too many PTPers in blue tonight... Craft is just nasty... OSU still doing work
y'all niggas live at 530 in the morning on a Wednesday lol
Absolutely! Appreciate your support for entrepreneurs/students...best of luck! :)
Thank you to everyone who started their spring cleaning a tad early and donated their gently used formals! They will go to a great home!
If you want to help out with the Orientation Fair board tomorrow send a DM or contact our President
The invisible hand of the market always moves faster and better than the heavy hand of government.
yeah we just went through Atlanta
I think my hair turned out brown. :/.
naa that's all u pimp :) and yea sort of
“: Guys who are as goofy and dorky as me >>>>>>>>>>>”I must be the shit lol
we want some of your chai! ;)
are you or have you tried that diet thing?
We agree. Thanks for the RT!
; How you changed my world you'll never know, I'm different now, you helped me grow, You came into my life sent from above.
lol you're welcome!
HA! Glad I'm watching it in the morning instead of tonight before bed. Sounds like the thing of nightmares. lol
See ya texans.
true that was hyperbole.
#21CRadio tweet chat starts in half an hour!
Sec. Duncan, "budgets reflect our values." Let's make sure our budgets reflect just how much we value children. ,
If someone says thats what he said one more time im going to find this so called HE and kick his ass
Welcome to Chicago Expo! #SSE12 Enjoy a Segway tour of our city! Bring your show pass & get $10 off! 312-552-5100
FTC to do app for smart phones. Smart phone use in low income communities is high because most households do not have computers
losing a tooth is one of my biggest fears.lol
i love how celebs only tweet back the improtant ppl how about u re tweet the little ppl who wana be like you and rlly care bout you
Skydottir Epic Cookies await you at today's #Lynnwood grand opening! 20 minutes to go...
soon! We had a holiday break!
Think it was like 100 or so...not a crazy high number, but enough to keep me from pulling out my credit card immediately.
Busy Sunday-gonna help a fellow animator, draw some stuff up for DW's, conference call with some potential partners/clients, then draw again
Gillibrand To Push For Federal Legislation Allowing Gay Parents To Adopt - NY1
Hopefully you're a Dodgers fan bc did you catch the last 3 games?
I have died everyday/waiting for you/ darling don't be afraid/I have loved you/ for a thousand years ... #nowlistening <3
If this isn't the perfect day for Peach Mango tea, I don't know what is...
sent you a text but I think my phone is acting up again... Text me so I can text you back, lol.
#DASER Ellen Levy "Inattention Blindness is an old concept in art...look at these paintings from the 17th century."
Witticisms, not my milieu.
Woo hoo! We have 30 likes, y'all! :)
It's ABSOLUTELY NOT that states decision to make that carrying cash means they can take it from you. That is total Bullshit.
Thanks for being our 300th follower ! We're happy to connect!
hey brother-in-law tell my bby I said hi and I love him to father my future children.
He's headed to prep school, right?
You're right, not even close, Avetts all the way!
Thanks for the RT.
Am loving my radio on - makes mi dia fly!!
the weekend can't come quick enough!
Headed to the 2009 League of Ment Christmas Lunch. Should be fun.
So we were in talks with someone about renting a house. Got to the point of getting the deposit ready and found out it was a scam.
just finished my KEYWORD research- Thanks for all the easy to follow tutorials!
Enjoy the gym while I sit in the office!
the only reason u have a twitter is to keep an eye on me. I have one wish in life...to be happy.
I can never make indirect tweets about Le Hoe (Zoe) because she gets these tweets to her phone. Fucking slag, Hi Zoe <U+263A>
And when you're done reading his column, come see him speak for free June 2! RT now has weekly column.
0700 work day finished with a marathon work meeting. Coffee, Hockey, and second to last #springtraining game for the #sfgiants at home.
If you don't see me know I'm somewhere working hard- Young Noble
“: hey (; you're cute! #justsayin<3” thank you <3
Bustin' loose from this mortal coil.
Happy Thanksgiving! What was your favorite dish?
CB video questions come from on Romney&religion; on VP Biden; on the House & on Sen. Warner
We've been so impressed by the entires in our #EarthDay contest. 2 days left to snip!
235# max PR tonight on deadlifts. Feel great.
working now, then off to I love 12 hour days :-)
Donald Frail form AstraZeneca: we are committed to these compounds and making them work.
Suppose I should pack for my week in myrtle and my trek back to NEW YORK.
swing dance nights (Saturdays) are going great! This weekend, we celebrate 4 year anniversary of swing at Te!
who gonna run this town tonight?
But all it looks like is that you rentin out pussy
you're a rockstar for covering for the automated metrics round table... Even if saw you and ran..
Dream with my eyes open Sleep when I'm dead Love who my hearts chosen Conquer what lies ahead.
Stop by the Kimberly Clark/Colgate kiosk @ Publix for $ saving coupons.Be sure to ask how to purchase a cutout to support healthier babies!
Need suggestions for iPad apps for eight-year old girl. Not that I'm going to give it up easily for her to play on.
Sounds like you're adding something to the Constitution that's not there. I think I've heard you criticize judges for that.
awesome. By the way, I was in Starbucks tonight and ran into Jason Roy from B429. Random small world.
Today is the first day of September Interims. Meetings all day and then off to some great events this evening!
people saying "hoodrats" really irritates me. The are 0 hoods in maine.
That shit aint cool cause she doing it
I got a B in English <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Another good weekend for AZ hoopsters on the AAU circuit. Kids continuing to get better and rep AZ well!
: I have hit the highest education level of any female in the family excepting Josephine,
I am seeing Craig Finn!
Bird hit the front window of our house this am. He was knocked out and then later just dazed blinking his eyes. Good reason not to clean.
Its money in the sky HY
baby can't wait to see you in action *roar* ;D
Rushers Love Their 4 Kings :')
Watching #OnceUponATime . You guys keep my wife and I glued week after week.
FYI, even if your roommate works for the IRS, you apparently can't just hand him your W2 to do your taxes.
Great read... "Our Dirty Love Affair With Trash" by Edward Humes
The gestures are really weird on it, you should customize before you do anything
I'd fuck'em all cause that's how I feel
Hey I am checking out this tweeting thing...I'll let you know how i like it.
Puttin my subs in next weekend!
What music are you into this weekend, DC?
MIC also connects to imperialism, racism, sexism. Specific to NATO, it is used as an excuse. Multi-national == no one to blame
#ShanahTovah I'll be joining in the celebration with my shofar tonight! "Blow the trumpets," says the Lord. (Lev. 23)
What's up ! I guess you do tweet! The archives are rockin' as usual:)
I tried again. :O
#SOTU gets 38M viewers n trails SF/NYG #NFL game by 20M in election year. Does this set up #POTUS for a Cundiff(kick) or Williams(fumble)?!
took a break from paper writing for a few hours to watch history in the making. ++Change;
James Dean mother fucker.
Hi ALL! Patty from , Pittsburgh-based architecture, planning, interior design for healthcare, higher ed, and corp clients.
Before I die, I will see an Alabama concert. I don't care if I'm 50, I will go.
Sorry but this madonna hercules remix is and will always be the hardest shit ever.
you love your gaammma :)
its hot as shit man
You did such a great job! Now enjoy the day! RT : feeling good and stretched after my reformer class at
#Sandusky I am absolutely shocked that Sadusky's attorney would allow him to give this interview. Tell your pillow, not the world.
not sure now, depends on if they'll let me go by the dist ctr to pick it up tomorrow
Beast Mode!!
Buzz WIlliams has just sweated through his 9th shirt of the tournament.
Isn't EVERY cruise kind of a disaster?
Don't miss out on Re3hab tomorrow Gonna be poppin! Hit me up for VIP services!
If u say I look like I'm like 23 then fuck it I'm 23
Robert u r the best guy I know and u r so smexy plz follow than u
Yeah, will the piece lose relevancy by 2014? Based on the topic, seems like it would...
Happy bday to me est Standard time
Haha what time would your show be on here in Arizona Cause it's very confusing
oh man.. if only he could afford to relocate the entire population is St. louis.... Oh, wait...
#YouGetMajorPointsIf you play football !
its funny having a remote now for my laptop LOL
thnx dude RT : : “: grind coffee at #UWM tastes like sewage water” No way bro the grind coffee is good!
if you think your nigg ' / Girl cheating Juss ask if you real you would be honst but you did the right thing asking if they lie thts one thm
4 Months Strong! #NewYorkCity "If You Can Make It Here, You Can Make It Anywhere"
and what level is that?
glad youlike them
The TSA guy just called me 'cutie'. I'm so glad they get to scan my body now.
Twitter handle secured.
RT : This weekend's concerts include a pre-concert talk about the music & composers one hour prior to curtain.
Gorging on cherries...lalala, Happy Sunday ;)
Dick hard
Finale of shameless...
Bitch I ride for my team up down win lose <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0080>
christina took all the time eliminating jesse..blake only got one minute :(
I HATE HICCUPS
I can't wait for the Silent Auction at #flacon2011 I hope they are as good this year as they were last year.
It is 60 degrees in NJ. Whaaaa????
Thanks for the follow! I like your inspirational quotes.
The idea that time = money cheapens our life outside of work :(
NaLee2010.com a vividly rich mermaid fantasy the beginning of a trilogy
TGIF to all of our A/V peeps!
And can they PLEASE score a goal!!
yeah more ice XD
Thanks for info--You should get a grant for your radio show..just sayin
enjoy the show!
Ready for summer.
what time ur going to sleep !?
Thats not too bad ;)
Never watching horror movies at night alone again! Kept me up all morning just thinking about it. Now my eyes puffy from no sleep.
Follow back? :]
I keep sneezing.. ¬_____¬
I was actually coding on my first Atari computer when I was about 8 years old. The Atari 800XL. #yikes That thing was fun.
a showgirl
LETS TO THUNDER
“: Stoked fashion week is almost over. #avoidkanye” Bush hates black dresses.
thanks! Great to see you! We'll have to meet up again soon!
Ha ha yes! Though I assume you heard that whole retraction on This American Life.
RT Amazes me how people underestimate the travel time by car to a local store and wildly overestimate the ride time by bike.
-just seen a clser pic.<U+E32A>>>> the dress on her.
i beat some kid up and broke my hand!
Hahahahahahahahahahahah! Nope, i wanna fuck Justin Bieber that's it
It's Adele impression time when the mic is off!
He is the fellatio chairman after all. I guess you could say he knows dick
Jay Bruce is on fire!!
I question your football knowledge if you lay one ounce of blame on Matty.
' Global Month of Service is for engagement and giving back that represents the brand.
Keeping it real "..there is plenty of ass-kissing agencies out there, if that's what you want don't hire us" A Shapiro, CEO of
let em know
So you fancy huh?
I know its hard but stick to it. It took my daughter & I 8 wks to really find our bf groove. But so worth it.
:) RT : I want Marv Albert to announce my wedding reception.
did u know I can't RT ur tweers b/c ur tweets are protected.
if there are any. :)
They say, that each & every man is responsible for his own destiny. My thoughts are willing to go that way. But what about the rest of me?!
I'm really feelin this person...Too bad i know its never gonna happen. only time will tell.
while i was gone the power went out and it screwed up this computer. what is this a Banana Republic??
loving life
If I wasn't so busy working, maybe I could actually get some work done.
: Happy New Year to some of favorite Packer-Backers woot let's go can't wait for the play-offs!
Ohio University vs UNC is some high drama... Take me home country roads
My phone not working <<<<< #NextelSucks!
#honestly Austin Rivers - The of the NBA - he is a Teen Wolf !
We are hard at work this week prepping for a new Science of Sports collection with the coming this summer.
haha not to me they don't haha i guess maybe to you i would haa :)
Somebody please wake me up from this nightmear!!!! Return my mom to me, so she can set things straight.
Yes we are playing during
...other day I cried a little :'D.
Hey.. How is the feeling holding a newborn baby ?
my best friend (& director) is driving into town today for our next week of shooting. so stoked! nothing better than work w/ good friends.
as worker I can tell you the benches are at the carpenter shop being refurbished. Hope to...
At least I can spell.
oh god yeah! #tellmeaboutthat !!
New job. First day jitters are over. Tomorrow, I'll be jittery because I learned how to use a Keurig machine, and it's right by my desk.
Thanks, Erica. Enjoyed the meeting with you and Mike. Hope you guys enjoyed the breakfast and look forward to talking more.
Sometimes it is very hard to choose which of the ten amazing coffee shops in my neighborhood to go to. Oh the difficult life I lead.
Painting is so much fun! I have to do it more often :)
album prod. by would be dope as fuck
Go Steelers!!!
I've been on for almost 5 and I only have a fraction of that!
I saw the one direction video what make u beautiful Harry and zayn r so sexyy <U+E022>,<U+E022>
WILL THE KIDS IN THE BACK DENY IT?
lol that's even better!
Going to The Happiest Place On Earth w/my older bro & the nieces on Sunday.
extra plus: it's yellow
I kind of like that e red carpet mix lol
Free tapas and wine on opening night, plus drink and food specials up to 50% every Wednesday night.
Woke up at 3 and I could go back to sleep right now
OBAMA is the first GAY, DOG-CONNOISSEUR, KENYAN President of the UNITED STATES
Going to the movies with my mom mother and son time ;)
In Chicago. Someone purchased room service for me. Whomever you are, thanks. And to all of you, thank you! 40 ain't bad!
if you love me pls follow my close and personal friend at and add her on fb at facebook.com/bookofshadows84
Yeah haha. My dad wanted to see it because he hasn't, so I went with him.
Expect everything and the unexpected never happens...
great movie
2 great things about app update: 1) Take photo of check to deposit it 2) Legal explanation, etc. in plain English! Thank you!
well...why not use a little bit from everything?
of course. Always! What are you looking to eat??
its cool so how the weather
I know i just met you, and this is crazy, but heres my number, call me maybe...<3
dude, anytime this week you want sushi, just let me know.
Stupid people..
Went vegan for dinner. Stomach is extremely confused and not that happy.
deep breathes, you can do it!
Cool. Are you in Belltown, or close. We tend to throw together "gangs" of folks and attack local Happy Hours and eat great food.
Thank you for ruining a perfectly working highlighter only 3 quarters of the way through your book. My pink has run dry! Geez!
...... does this mean your gonna be rough?
how's the jailhouse tat?
THEY MIGHT BEAT THE HEAT .I KNOW DREAM ON
Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays from #EmperorNortons. Hope you all enjoy a day off with family (even if you don't celebrate xmas).
When does Farmers Market open @ Cathedral Square?
Waking up in your bed saying sorry in advance, Cause I'll be right back here again in the morning.
So apparently in Vegas & nearby on may 20 there is gonna be some wild deal where the moon crosses the sun & it's gonna be dark at like 5pm
Aw!! did my mom pay you $5 to say that???
will you wish me luck for this week? I have three MAJOR tests, and I'm really nervous. Please? :) xx
that shower was the bomb <U+E00E>
Hi Matt. Great to meet you.
He got that super bass <3
Regarding the Tissue Sessions. I've experienced it. Serious
you have to convert, though
Ok who ratted my chicken boy out?
If you don't have sex with him/her, then the dinner never happened
yeah i got a weak stomach, thats why i dont drink much
Moved all my shit out. Now I'm hungry with no food.
Wow. signs with Redskins. Colts are going to have the worst season :(
heh. It's also for my bookclub this month. FYA?
Each day gives you an opportunity to change something in your life. I use that opportunity to change my underwear.
I am doing good.
Thank you for the great interview! You are so sweet & the best anchor! Can't wait for your piece on college planning.
a) Conserved the bullpen. b) only two earned runs for said awesome bullpen. Berken isn't a Major Leaguer. I'm fine with tonight.
Solicitor from NU's theatre program interpreted me while I was helping her to tell me how much she liked her own posters. In trash methinks
Michelle Obama looks flawless tbh.
Ha word up cuz! See ye in July, its gonna be a great time!
Shout outs to some homies, Connie & Jeffrey! Bay Areaaaah!!! :D
All these crews resemble one of the crews from ABDC6
That awkward moment when u walk by someone u think u know, say what's up & then later realize its not them but instead somebody else.....
LoL... I always use basketball as my baseball fall back. Soccer when I feel like mixing it up a bit. *dusts off bball jersey*
Church was Awesome < understatement...whheeeeww.. .. Jesus.filled the church #Deliverance was grabbed!
Good morning world!!
On this day in 1942, 3,000 Jews were murdered at Diatlovo, Belorussia. 600 escaped, more than 100 of whom formed a partisan unit
wow, sweet gifts! Is that #tanqueray? Yuummmmm
Daughter was hot (step 1 to music biz success) BUT I KNOW BETTER. Never get tangled up with stage parents. Straight misery and torment.
It's too hot outside , time for a dip in the pool ! <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+008A><U+2600>
oh okay just wondering if you got that.
Liking someone so much... Knowing that they don't actually mean it when they say they like you back... </3
Elevator Cusack. Better than elevator muzak?
We are looking for Brand Ambassadors for SAKIRI Vodka. Send picture and resume to:
#folkyeah! rocked the big folk's festival in Dallas
Rondo sucks this is embarrassing the Celtics should never lose to the 76er's
Over plaayed songs on the radio << -.-
i know right? ick!
Hi David. I'm running out to buy Steve's Cohen's book, "Win the Crowd" today!
Also if you want to right for Bench Player Sports we are always open to new writers.
let's get together and eat some nutella. Sounds like a good idea since we are both HYPER!
That sounds good
haha great minds think alike
Meeting later. Teaming up with KissFM to give away first and second row seats for this summers Kanye West concert!
I won't stop following cause he's our bad ass tackle but it's annoying that he's a laker fan! Lol
Have you gotten the official #FacebookTimeline invite yet? Officially rolling out now!
doing great!
your a cutie!(:
My sincerest apologies to my followers for the spam tweets. My account got hacked today unfortunately...
just thought ii'd say hey to you :)
Chi! Do you know what it feels like to win a pair to Fantabuloso? Well FIND OUT! I got your hook up on at 8....
thanks for tweeting Re: Kaplan talk- good topic to explore learner performance
If Rams trade up to get Richardson, could Browns be in play for Jackson since they missed out on Rich?
The duck face is not a good look for ANYONE!!
Wish I could talk to him !!
sorry I had tweetlimit on the DM I'm sorry gosh D:
why does have 22K followers? PLEASE, ADVERTISE TO ME WILL YOU? OH PLEASE????
I was playing Saints Row and a cop tried to kill me so I was like *in voice* "nope not even, I'm a saint I do whatever I want.
what's the #trainreport? On time? Early?
Always treat each other with love and respect.
Big game tonight... Let's go Philadelphia Flyers!!!
Looked at porn today for work purposes... I shit you not
That's what I thought too. It's only bc a certain you know who follows us.
Creative comedy is like growing geraniums in a mine field
Bob Dylan and Toni Morrison to Receive Presidential Medal of ...
Leave it to to find a Diggy Simmons reference in a tweet lmao.
Thanks so much for the shout-out! Can't wait to read Possess!
The imposters sitting in seats don't have the home-run reflexes I'm accustomed to, watching on
Tonight studio 8 San jose CA its going down me an my boy doing big things in a big city all are invited you want to be there
Shooting video for #IWIF scholarship w/
Rain Rain Go Away,, Come Back Another SUMMER!
"I bet this drink costs 1500 dollars."
polo polo polo..
Touching story 2 share & true, its the memories and a connection to 'home' when you are away that makes #PackerNation special
congrats! It looks like you reached your goal!
Tonight arrive early at Broadway bar & take advantage of the $75 bottle special b411pm dont forget wer havin a $500bikini contest!RSVP NOW!
have a good weekend!
YAY!! Who was it? We'll let them know! RT : I think I had the best tour guide!
Louis Vuitton Outlet, Enjoy 75% Off On Louis Vuitton Handbags ...
Time waits for no man... so let's get it together!
Aw! LA Misses you! :) Hope Berlin is great! :)
": I swear I can't tell if #oneofmyfollowers is a boy or a girl" here I can help, I'm a dude
Vegetarian in Austin airport = ice cream for lunch :)
I hope you come back.
Story of the day: Arlington bans leaf blowers completely from May to October!
Its time to get in shape for the summer with Tune in 2nite @ 630 & 1030 for Pt 1 of our series on bootcamps and fitness classes
why fool myself I'm alone in this world talking to myself
do you know why Jimmy Nielsen isn't on the ballot?
Champieux -library controls the pool of titles for
if ur interested in hearing how u changed my life for the better dm me
Kinda drunk. Hope I don't f up tn in Vball.
Just booked another bride with our friends at Jameson Creations for June 2012!
Acting liking a normal person in Grand Theft Auto 4 because you're bored.
“Study nature, love nature, stay close to nature. It will never fail you.” -- Frank Lloyd Wright
nvm, i can't sleep <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3> lol.
your email is not working?
Reading time..
smashin this ice cream! this shit qood as hell !
shocker, i know. deep breaths, rob. deep breaths.
#SportingKC awesome job!! is the man! Cant wait to sit in for Wednesdays game!!!
Wasn't it Ryan Braun who said this game is dumb sometimes
Pregnant Reese Witherspoon: How She's Dressed Her Bump So Far
Ohio state does it. I don't know exactly what it's called... Individual study or something? But look into it
Next week or the week after would work for me. Hope you both have a great New Year's Eve!
my favorite weather too
:) so glad to hear it!
ps bro its time to get a new photo, the baby pic needs to grow up
Why does school ruin lives?
Oops made myself a bloody #topshelf its that kinda day .. sorry not sorry
u flying out
RT : A1. living my most fab life is about being the best person that I can be and being a blessing to others
dude....we knew that.
Thx for suggestions. I want easy way to get file from GDocs to for writing feedback. I'll look into this.
Oh, and booked. Borgata in a week4the WPT then off to Rosarito Beach to live for a few months and make my triumphant return to Pokerstars :D
M. Friday night Voodoo. Dats whats up.
I need #MORETHANTHIS.....constantly working towards a better ME<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
YOU SAID ''FOREVER'' & I BELIEVED IN U :C
RT - Just heard some lady walk by #lids and say "Look at all the Tom Brady hats they have." I believe the team is called ...
What a great night celebrating birthday and sneaker launch! It was an epic night, but we have to do it again soon with
When my window creeks. <<<
aww... we need to get together and watch playoffs like true bros.
Diplo just invited all the pretty girls to the stage, but I'm too busy picking kimchi out of my teeth.
As March begins it's your last chance to get 2011 pricing for your 2012 coolers. Stop in at any of our stores to secure these great...
you're lucky you have friends
Hope so. RT If good things come to those who wait, are procrastinators set for life?
That's Weird. :(
nice. Remember when we were there? Awesome
It's feasible for there to be a dance with life, a imaginative response to its inbuilt limitations and issues.
word to Big Bird
Hey everyone I'm back so follow me I. Follow back
Really hope the Astros go high-risk high-reward and take Buxton over one of the pitchers.
RT This week's Smart Energy links include: LEDs for lighting; green jobs gone missing; and garden hose to the sky bit.ly/nQwGJP
im done at six im not going through anymore files
Considering going to #ALA this summer. Good for a #librarystudent?
Umii opens office in Moscow
RT : Now following
Who wants to play, "What Can I Fit In There?"
Watching football all day long with my family. Go Badgers!
playing at recoup lounge at 8:30 this Thursday
"The body is like a piano, and happiness is like music. It is needful to have the instrument in good order."- Henry Ward Beecher
call me am there with the party bus 786 223 1654
try the vue
I think its finally hitting me
#BronxPizza all the way!! Bon apetito! (Is that right?)
PR Tip of the Day: Keep press releases short and sweet. Reporters don’t want to read a long press release. One page is plenty.
Still adjusting to the sartorial disconnect between the west and DC. Totally underequipped in suit components.
That's a bummer. Its simple, pack up all your things and move to Colorado. lol
When we can access our feelings and express them responsibly, our emotions move us away from pain and toward pleasure.
Thank you, dear one. I'm looking forward to giving you a big hug at LCC!
The #TeeParty sounds like a fantastic time! Major Shout Outs to for putting on what will be a wonderful event!
#critcode Thanks for the "shout-out."
Drive comes out on Tuesday!!!
Good Morning BFF! What's going on? : Hey BFBF ”
In the future, everyone will have 15 minutes of shame.
Florida is looking like they could score 100+ tonight!
or UK v. UF for round 4
Speaking to Public Humanities Grad Students about #altac and #digitalhumanities at noon. Any suggestions from those in the museum world?
Q4: as often as possible. last weekend the my grandsons and i made deviled eggs
Military justice is to justice what military music is to music. Groucho Marx
If You Love Someone Put Their Name In A Circle Not A Heart, A Heart Can Break
Eating pizza rolls and chocolate ice-cream with !!
well since I'm an idiot I didn't take any pics, maybe the guy I bought it from still has some.
hahah good joke
I don't think it works that way. But good luck!
Q:What is your shoe size and how tall are you? A:I wear a size 6 in womens and a size 5 1/2 in boys ( jordans <3
Me and my friend be havin some interesting convos bout my math teacher..like they say once you go black you never go back lol
Yes. Jr Rails dev here, blazing fast learner.
welcome back!! gravitas soon. also, lunch with me and tomorrow.
Hi Joe! How did I miss you here?!
YOU ARE LYING TO ME. you're grounded. grounded.
“:The era of something for nothing must end" Your right it's time we tax big oil they have had enough "hand outs"
Watching mortal kombat while the lil one sleeps
That explains things. Chiefs shirt thought the spinning was tumbleweeds. He couldn't explain all the water though. Ha ha!
I'm at MS53
": "I don't stop when I'm tired, I stop when I'm done." #Determination"
Hello from Portland, OR... Good choice PR Communications at Clearpoint. When do you next PackABag&Go?
it is so nice to see you had out a pic :)
NEEDS T0 ST0P BEiNG A CHiCKEN AND GET A DAMN TATT00!
I bet but I know u enjoyed urself
So who else is wearing something ridiculous on their head and watching the Kentucky Derby?
I don't think it's going to happen.
I wish I could warm up my coffee by letting it sit in the sun, without the milk going bad.
you're missing out out on a Spanish contest!!
Oh no! We're sorry you're having that problem-our awesome support team can help you troubleshoot! 1-855-466-2646 M-F 9AM-5PM EST
"Home" could be a location from which you orient your musings, or an emotional reality around which you orient your musings. Ah..Nashville!
Also, back in the BBS days, I used to have the nick "To Wit". Thank you.
#Raw Tonight RT if your watching
I borrowed my mum's once - painful!
u tel em
Finally got Saints Row 3 so Sabrina and I can continue our thug beatings with a massive dildo. #funthingscouplesdo. <3
I want to kill my battery before I go to sleep but I don't have anything good to tweet.
I don't get what LOVE mean!!!
This is going to eventually make Aron Winter's playoff season look AMAZING. Right?
Bad weekend? probably.
I <3 my chiropractor!
Thats why: netflix4life RT: Really? RT Did you know your cable box sucks more energy from your home than your refrigerator?
Just got my very first e-textbook
PS: built at
Those who are United Methodists - what are your thoughts on restructuring?
Yes, I had just a few diehard fans in the library with me. They especially loved when he read an excerpt. Did you watch?
it wont let me at the moment my twitter froze <U+E403> tweet me tmmrow or in like 2 hrs to follow you somethings wrong<U+E403>
#cambridgemass see u in 9 days
Hmm I know I not in jail
Just freaked out because I saw a tall white balloon move in my room in the semi-darkness and thought it was Slender Man. The internet sucks.
A reminder to make your own home base RT : The problem with FaceBook is you are building a house on rented land
haha I'm the only person who has ever heard it! I might have to post it sometime.
SHE BOUT CONFUSED AS A BLONDE COUNTING...
And thx #usvi for the bottle of cruzan rum!
my apologies for the poor experience, please email us details and we will address for you
hiding where?! I'm missing the invitations :(
Hair Metal Album Track Listing Algorithm: 1. Hit Single 2. Uptempo, non-single 3. Powerballad 4-N. No one listens to these
isn't that what it is for?
take your leap now and grow your wings on the way down
which eoi is it ?
thanks katie
A display of #courage by a leader inspires.
Venting is good. Stay up
TechCrunch Primer: A Crash Course In Cool Camera Apps
Ask hi Yvonne
Your a bitch..yes I'm subtweeting about you
.. me too decided to tune in, really like Adam & ce-lo
I set fire to the rain, watched it pour as itouched you face
Twitters something else man i got my Ass handed 2 me. I should took my Ass off & put in my hand like Dam
About to give a presentation to professional colleagues...and I just realised I am wearing slippers and not shoes.
how have u been chelsea?
This Easter weekend a girl of 21 was killed in a head on collision with a semi truck the family is reaching justin bieber for any tributeRIP
Hard to put into words how badly the got outplayed in this series. New Jersey deserved it. But still...
I'm actually excited to watch preseason football.... That is a first
Older man on train with two small bouquets: "too bad you're not my gf or I would give you one of these." Take note, boys!
I don't feel too hot.
That was a huge second foul on Jamison. He has to stay in the game! Stupid foul
Glad to be at this year's Professional Scholarly Publishing meeting in DC.
On the range at Doral teaching. Hot day for end of October.
This doc office is testing my patience
We definitely do ;)
oh, so many balls in the air for me!! Am workin' as fast as I can on that! In the meantime, did you get the holiday discount?
Yeah! Thanks for the follow. Catch my tweets on #marketing & #art. I really need to visit your offices in
No one has received anything free from CarlKingdom/MutantMall.com recently.
There is really nothing that compares to the creative Zen of balancing abstraction with consistency. This is my profession.
Tonite: The Bloodtypes punk PARTY at Plan B bar in Portland
It's really great that the #Cavs could reunite Mychel & Tristan. Mrs. Thompson must be so proud tonight!
I NEED to see the vow..... I really NEED TO!!!
Thanks for the follow! We'd love to help you get your word out! Msg us at .
here here!
Trying Mari Luna's happy hour specials. $2 off guac.
So sad that Carlas going home but adam made the right decision i think.
we try... apparently, not all us profs succeed?!
Germantown ladies set they self up for da kill and they dnt even know it they dam well them dem niggas aint faithful
oh well I guess!haa(:
RT : Ok. This crew sucks.
Aw shucks guys...makin me blush over here :) Thx! -CV
I was backstage at SNL, too, and I definitely said to my friend that "the girl in the pillbox hat" was my new style icon
Or does hierarchy become become a game of numbers? Likes = expert.
You got mail. if you have any questions, let me know. peace out
is having a comic book movie weekend extravaganza.. After seeing the Avengers my dorky self is screaming yes!
My acct was hacked. If you get any dms about blogs, its not real. Sorry.
To challenge your core try a Bosu run: grab light weights, get on the Bosu, & make a running motion with your arms while squatting.
Prom Hair for Prom Princesses.Twistii will donate Twistiis & up to $25 per updo to stylists providing UpDo services for clients of Ruby Room
Do you work early in am? I'm one of those that needs very little sleep.
I'll get you some flowers the day you are buried.
that sounds awesome! DM me and we can work out a sponsorship :]
Feels disrespected
Had Such A Blessed Day. #Thankful <3
Don't tweet and tell.
The winner of the 4 VIP Breakfast tickets for the Milwaukee Holiday Parade is !
Chris Paul begs to differ....
I'm being spoon fed bull shit over here!
I'll kill this bitch. poke poke poke hah
YES. I. DO. -.- drama just comes to me! I don't even know why!
#14-Larry Fitzgerald-WR-Larry Fitzgerald
new post up now at 1standvine.tumblr.com! #nowplaying you should too!
dskfljlkaj im scared for him to get signed....
anyone watch "Game Change" last night?
"It is ultimately self-defeating for a nation of immigrants to permit the kind of abuse of our immigration laws" Bill Clinton Feb. 8, 1995.
I don't care about your bomb ass weed my nigga I got some good shit right here :)
Boy we was representin Florida in GA last night
Glad to hear! ... Comn good RT : How's ur recovery? Gonna be ready for #Olympics?
I laugh in your general direction!
best friend shout outs to :)
thanks babe, making a good recovery :)
i just wrote something down, correctly spelled, only backwards. WHATS WRONG WITH ME?
Any "Charley and the Chocolate Factory" Fans out there?
Romney says mothers should be required to work outside the home in order to receive benefits. Too bad that's been federal law since 1996
#liespeopletell I want us to remain friends
we are gonna have to go golfing this weekend!!
We aim to bring relevant speakers 2 U MT : such good timing for #SMBmad topic (SocMed for B2B). Just had call abt this yesterday.
I'm so happy because today I found my friends - they're in my head. - Kurt Cobain
I agree with you Something has to happen soon!!
Thank you!!
Funny numbers... increase funding of vouchers and charters and call it an increase for public education. Hm?
80% of NFL players are bankrupt within 2yrs of retirement!!
Thanks for the links to the NC photo. Beautiful buildings!
Got my replacement intuos mouse! No more double clicking when I click once!
yup. It's amazing!
That's funny. I think the same thing every time I go back to
SO GOOD
yea I agree. We can't risk having kids out in an area where someone is DANGEROUS and ARMED. Hide yo kids. Hide yo wife.
beautiful day stop by the response booth and say hi
Always be yourself, unless you can be a unicorn. Then be a unicorn
Lately you have begun to border on insubordination. Good thing none of your bosses apparently read your blog.
It's going to be a great day
Max and I talked about so many people this weekend xD
RT: I got it quick this time trying to beat :)
Good Morning Everyone. You should brush twice a day with a fluoride toothpaste and floss once a day
Got a presentation tomorrow AM but too distracted to concentrate on my deck. Maybe I should sleep and wake up extra early.
got fancy new gloves so I can use my touch-screen phone without freezing my WHOLE hand. NERD
Same here.
Sinclair Lewis~ People will buy anything that is one to a customer.
Hello. :-) What kind of music do you enjoy?
Go girl!!! singing !*said climbing the dtanoiels to heavuuun!!!* lol
Jason Schmidt, Juan Pierre, Andruw Jones, Juan Uribe... How does Ned still have a job
Trying to help my mom cool off
Jim Morrison invading OVW tonight?
“: Raise Your Weapon is addicting. #deadmau5” IKR!!!!!
TWEET US! --> We're taking your questions for today's webinar "How to use social data to make smarter marketing decisions" via Twitter.
Did you see Frank Whaley on Blue Bloods?? LOL! The good old days
sounds like a plan :)
Had a surprise interview today when I dropped off a resume...whew!
The follow :)
I resolved to only work on one project at a time!! I usually have too many under way simultaneously.
Tonight: FRANK TURNER and The Sleeping Souls, ANDREW JACKSON JIHAD, INTO IT OVER IT Doors @ 8:00pm $15.00 at the door!
RT : HOUSTON! Tonight, join at STATUS LOUNGE.
Very Deep.
All the VIP 'request an invite' parties at #sxsw make me feel like I'm in high school again.
Haha, nice meeting you!
of course you are! Now get out of jersey!
the nfl!
thats good! Sorry it took so long im at work doin nthn lol!
“: avengers later?” dude no!!! Ha
Thank you and for the RT's!
THANK YOU SO MUCH! Btw I love your picture for the TRSdaily promo! It was so amazing!
Thank you so much ...
I am loving how is getting more screen time. She hilarious!! #RHONJ GET HER ON
I'm amazing
Happy Bday Bella:)Remember when I was 12 & U were 9 U & the fam had fun on our yacht? Now Ur 14.Wow time flies. Have fun!
Why do teachers hate it when their students tweet????
Saw some beautiful balloons in the ABQ sky on my way to work this am! Love it!
I catch my breath, shake my head, and I walk on.
I MISS YOU TOO ): as soon as I get back!
Countdown till Dark Knight rises...too long away!
Going to sleep with you on my mind and your the first thing I think about when I wake up! Truly blessed <U+263A>
Niall Is Our Sexy Leprechaun ahaha!
Finally home, I'm so tired!
y u put the pic up where u used to prostitute down at the tx workforce comission?
Cannot get good service from AT&T. Canceling new service that never worked. Shameful, really.
Love you and loved the evening with you..Hope it helps a lot..xoxo
You starting something.
Gufs, that reply made no sense.
I don't disagree with you! Pretty much identical
A teenager (a generation removed) just asked me: why should we mourn 1 when a mil die everyday? I said we should mourn 1mil & 1.
I love Sandra Oh.
I love lady marmalade(;
your family is in my thoughts and prayers. God bless.
Why is it called Alcoholics ANONYMOUS when the first thing you do is stand up and say, 'My name is Peter and I am an alcoholic'?
One week until SEMA! Who's going? We're looking forward to unveiling some big projects!
SCHOOL starts next week m gonna hacve fun while I can
it's a rough estimation, of course, but adding .12 to the LD% can pretty well establish run bad vs. run good, and there's run bad here
oh, i'm in love with also, she's pretty great too
At work on break
about the poetry for the exam and the exam texts
#bostoninitiative sprint today is my #drupalcon takeaway
FACEBOOK SPECIAL: 50% off all plants in our Greenhouse (Riverwest)
LOS ANGELES 2night:Dragonfly Nightclub, bringing the house DOWN!
Joshua proved he shuld b the nxt american idol
Clark stopped the bleeding, getting a goaltending call on his fast break layup to cut it back to 5. 57-52 NC State with 3:26 to go
Lincoln: Why should there not be a patient confidence in the ultimate justice of the people? Is there any better or equal hope in the world?
Be miserable. Or motivate yourself. Whatever has to be done, it's always your choice. Wayne Dyer
he's awrsome'
The RLR jam session has been so great lately! Thank you to everyone who's been a regular! Mondays 9pm 626 S. Spring St.
Listen, I like you - but you've got to stop watching Dance Moms.
": We all know a slut named Brittany....." Thank god my name is spelled differently!
Playing at the Hard Rock Cafe Nashville with my friends Skylar Dayne and the Command Sisters July 8th
true story RT “: "[New Job] CTO/Co-Founder - Company already Funded" #dipshitinvestors? #thatfounderbetterbegood”
“: Dawg, I saw tonight...had a effing blast!” great seeing you boo
What a hit by Clay Matthews
Spam DMs from 3 followers last night. Apparently there are horrible rumors going around about me.
Samsung Focus Flash: A Great Phone, An Awesome Price
Great tasting with Erin & Jean-Louis #Chave. 2009 #Hermitage is fantastic as are the parts to 2010. Now up to #Vonnas for a little dinner...
": Interesting news bit on the injectable-silicone news bit. Seemed awkwardly funny! Lol. You guys rock!" Thanks for tuning in!
HEY RUNWAY DIVA SHAY!!!! :-)
no any ways who came home
“: It's amazing how those people who were your friends,are now just people you know.”
LOL love your tweet to your funny! haha =)
Trap game for the C's tonight - home opener against a young team after a tough road win, stay away!
Depends... are we talking brown paper bag alone - or at a bar just flying solo... the later is all good, i vote secure
June 15th I believe, but any day is a good day to celebrate Waylon!
need a beat from one day
RT : Walking around in the biggest Nordstrom in the world
Is that Chris Webber doing color for the Celts game? Whoever it is, they are so far from pro caliber it's ridiculous. Should not be on air.
we'd love for you to come too, of course.
Hi Olivia! You're so welcome! Glad you were part of this. Getting close to be done with the music video. Looks great so far!
Not me! They promote clarity, and CSers love clarity. RT Very surprised at the prevalence of Oxford commas at
Oh, we don't even get access to Google Docs which is a major handicap.
Nope... Katie's! Then the Ferrari Spring Thaw in Reston Town Center!
hey, havent talked in a while, whats up?
Just finished listening to talk about 's StandOut. I'm sold!
ANOTHER HOUR OF GLEE. This is awesome
will someone come with me to kidnap austin.......PWEASE. *puppy face*
I will when I get them!
please call this number 254-716-4646 Please its my friends birthday! :) She would be so happy! :) 32
Nothing better in #SanDiego! MT Devouring a red velvet cake right now. Carrot's better but was feeling old school.
Do your pants hang low could they wobble to the floor?
“: I don't care if you don't like me #IDontWantYou” That's right, you tell em!!
I have an arsenal of over 500 hundred guns as well as twenty wives back at the compound
I'd bet they trade down before picking Claiborne.
My exact thoughts number one! RT “: Need More Hours In The Day. #TooDamnBusy”
have you listened to our music??
This team just had to play behind, doesn't it?
Planning on drafting a review essay with the Linux beta of Scrivener. I hope it lives up to its reputation.
He will make that sound sexy too. That will be an amazing feat.
and it starts with our guy kevin maurice garnett
What do u think is president chances in 2012 as now ?? Hm thinking
no way hha
Gingered Carrot Leek Vichyssoise is in the crockpot. Can't wait to see how it turns out in the morning!
Super excites! The release of 2 more songs is officially Friday October 8th!!! Get stoked!!
Did you know that Trey Songz "Already Taken" was worked on at KMA among other songs on the radio! :)
Thank you both so much! I'll stay in touch.
OH YEAH!!
“: If he is too expecting of a physical relationship #getridofhim”
#facebook is getting way too complicated. I can't believe I'm going to choose twitter because it's simpler. It used to be the opposite!
Those who critsize our generation, forget they are the ones who raised it...---
RIP Junior Seau...damn
what phone u got
#SmackDown time to play the Game
Good baron sucks at being good.
Celebrating megans half birthday, since she didn't celebrate her real one
Chocolate Decadence Trifle or Double chocolate chip cookies... Decisions Decisions.
Maybe i do play hard...
Sounds like a normal day at my house.
We live thousands and thousands of miles away. I want to see your smile everday. Lexi misses you, i miss you, Taylor misses you.
Some ppl got some ugly ass kids..but then again im ugly as fuck to#
I want to post on the anti-pattern of posting but am unsure how to start.
Lynne and I did a lot of yard work today. Now it's Indian food at home.
YES Kim! Listening to naysayers will stop u from reaching your goals. Surround y/self with positive & supportive people!
you did amazing tonight!!! :)
text me sometime today when you got time . wanna catch base with you
RT : Free drinks world famous raffle & hot short films all going down Fri 7pm Dec 2nd screening series
I hate having to wait for important stuff like that for sports haha
So right! RT : Widows don't meet deadlines because.... ? I know there's a joke in there somewhere! #help!
I'm just really excited cuz there's not a lot of boy Simpsonizers oh and your bio made me laugh so hard I cried
Totally, totally, been busy!! Just getting to Atlanta... let's see how this goes!! Boy it really is beautiful here!!!
thanks girl love you to!!
what if, at Emory, the president's commissions thought about the SODEXO problem as a problem that impacted women and LGBTQI people?
Come ride wit me...
Took a nap at 5 then woke up at 8. Stayed up for like 5 minutes to text everyone back && passed out for the rest of the night. Haha. Uh?
Human beings are the only creatures on earth that allow their children to come back home. Bill Cosby
RT : well you need to get you some sleep lol... >>>> Ikr Lol
lol. Thanks. The sketches are done and pretty funny. Lol
ball so hard that shit cray. She slept like a queen =)
I feel confident that one day we will all simultaneously high five. Then hope no one saw us be THAT nerdy.
Happy Easter Hoyas!
Q4: mobile web forms rarely address service, usually top funnel
you're beautiful the way it is
Thanks! ARMA's affordability structural issues have been bothering me for a while so it's good to get it off my chest.
I hate all bugs -___-
If #Buffs are a 12 seed, whatever 5 seed plays us needs to watch out!!!
it's kind of a predictable #1 for me.Malick's the only director to make my top pick for every year he releases a film
I would suggest looking in ATLA (a religious studies db), if she has access. A search for "decolonization" & "america" =53 hits
by the way....we totally remember you!
Are weeds only ugly if you're not the one who planted them?
Shifting configurations of physical & virtual occupation as key horizon for reshaping models of political persuasion & effecting change.
52 % of Valentine's Day shoppers indicate that the economy will not have any effect on their purchasing decisions for Valentine's Day 2011.
S/o to my best friend playing varsity spring season :*** love you so much kid!
it is off to Wyoming, Colo., Ks and home, have been reading stories, poems, and stuff, love it, it is fun!
Can't wait to celebrate cinco de mayo!!!!!
burned 240 calories doing 30 minutes of "Running 11-min mile with hills"
Congratulations to KSTP-TV director Dave Hammergren on 35 years at KSTP. Free cake for everyone.
get a fuckin rebound man.
Also showing students how to find distressed properties in the hidden market, and write up and submit offers. (hint: no agent required!)
"Who do you love- Me or The thought of me?" Woke up with that song playing in my head.
i have been so busy with shcool.so i am back:P
Watching rerun of Charlie Sheen's Comedy Roast - Patrice O'Neal just said 'this should be my last show.' Wonder if he knew he was going ...
Gym last night left me sore af!
Caught you on Comedy Central last night and really enjoyed your set! Any NY shows coming up?
The Ball and Biscuit will be closed tonight until 8:00 for a private event.
...they should be embarrass...ed it happened under your whatch HARRY...we really need to fire Reid...
Lets be honest, Packers defense made some great plays this season but were horrible otherwise.
I think #oomf is a thrab! I really do lmao she has thrab symptoms
Ah, geez. New damage in corridor 2. Who BUILT this ship?
This conference call <<<<<<
Happy Mother's Day to all my hot momma friends out here. Have a great day! It's all about YOU!!!
props to your boys. Didn't see it, but sounds like a gutty win.
glad he's doing well! yeah!! We should meet up. If not, I could always come down to you!! So many exclamation points!!
“: going over our burger quest spreadsheet...is that weird? #obsessed” burger quest?! I like the sound of that.
Good morning. Twitter is so good that even the president is going to answer questions that we have sent him today. I love it :)
Just started #rippedin30 yesterday. Excited to see results!
Come join me for a drink at busboys and poets on 14th. I've got an hour to kill before date night.
Soaring 2 crashing that fast..OMG I'm tired of this..
kopitar had 3G 3A for LA. Or something like that.
Setting up a new github repository.
K love thx
I would watch this. RT #RHOAC "Real Housewives of Antonio Cromartie". Somebody MAKE THIS HAPPEN!
Playing modern warfare 2 !!! Hell yeah
Oh Carlson so close!!!!!!!
its fun bieng a whore and it feels good
Storytelling is the currency of influence. Seema Bhende
hi twin !
#Breakfast- most important meal of the day! What did you snack on this fine morning, FITzees?
HS girls soccer: Sun Prairie beats Madison Memorial 3-2
have fun in mtownn
At least it'll b quiet : RT : #boyleheights apartment tower to offer city and cemetery views.
I sure am Joe. Look forward to it. :)
HURRY UP!
Why do people use yolo so much they're all like I'm pregnant#YOLO Just tripped on a rock#YOLO I'm petting my cat#YOLO Really stfu!
I'll be in Cleveland for Internationall Beer Fest :)
As much as I use a PC, Respect to #SteveJobs I admire the man, not Apple.
I think I'm the only person who speaks English in a 3 block radius of my apartment
We need people to buy presale tickets for our show on June 16th at the uptown lounge! Who wants some? :)
Morning Bitch-Back! Is Miley Cyrus Feeling Betrayed by Another Disney Diva?
we've seen that article as well....ouch!
Thanks! We love our logo too!
Whew! Just completed FEMA's online class on Nat'l Incident Mgmt System. Cert says "reaffirmed dedication to serve in times of crisis"
Wow Females is Ratchet this chick at the bus stop wit the phone on speaker talmbout her Pussy right infornt of her daughter though like WTF!
Witness says former SDPD Arevalos repeatedly felt her body and asked inappropriate questions about her breasts and body.
#ilovemymother just the way she is... <3
Is this track looping?? Nah bra this is daft punk
": told u I ain't gone. Run when yo life gets hard" that's what last nigga said and were he at with the next
I love you, everybody can say it but not everybody can mean it
Adam there u r ! would u plz talk 2 me damn it!
That's what I'm talking about!
RT : Avoid the Big Brain Trap; make new habits simple to achieve and master, don't overcomplicate.
Does your neighborhood have a “neighborhood watch” program? Do you feel it helps?
what is your email? I will send an invite
Prob not. had the gall to say he was in the same athletic class as myself. RT : hopefully he was nice.
No time between sessions to play angry birds. Too many great exhibitors and new HR products to see.
Looking for a new big project. A devotional piece. Something absurd. A ridiculous waste of time. Hopeless. Huge. Something anonymous.
There are a good 10 teams that don't scream bandwagon.
Who is your avatar?
Blake Griffin and CP3 are now injured... Or was it David Stern?
- And what a Great bad girl LeeAnne was in the lead role of "Isabelle". Look out world, she's tough & beautiful !
I look at my hands and feel sad 'cause the spaces between my fingers are right where yours fit perfectly .
Genuinely disappointed to see that is already halfway through his miracle 100k stakeroll. Twitter is less fun when hes busto
#pladml have you film and posted any of your intro tours
who r u mad at and what r u planning? That's what I wanna know.
Next up- Building on the Job Organizing Networks
fare enforcement jackboots have bullet-proof vests, nightsticks and handcuffs. They're HARD CORE MAN.
Can't wait to watch the American Idol rejects on X-Factor!
RT TO SEE THE LATEST "BFDTV" EPS LOG ONTO YOUTUBE AND KEYWORD SEARCH "BLACKFRESHDON" HOST /ALL SHOWS EDITED BY "LYZEE"
thought you just tweeted national tampon vacation....glad i re-read it
You gonna start with me tonight? lol Don't know if you're kidding or not
Keep them ex's out the picture and things will always be clearer
All of the people who are saying that Faried should have won.
He put a smiley face. He wants my vagina
New day! But still pretty bummed about SU's loss and how it went down. Can't remember the last time I was this upset over an Orange loss.
IS the Left always this trashy " I will not mince words on this one... Bristol Palin can go f*!@ herself
Be sure to check out Augustana's Twitter feed -- and log your hours for the free volunteer concert at www.10KHoursShow.com
im a freshman
“ HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO DA REALEST NIGGA I KNOW------> #MySelf”
Glad to hear that. Those challenges & obstacles aren't meant to stop you. You're strong. You'll get there. :-)
When people are rude to you for no reason.
Practicing my golf game to whoop and ass in a month
#LiamsVoiceIsMoreSexualThanBeyonces he makes my heart race.
Then again I want chocolate.... Maybe both *_* orignial yogurt with some chocolate bits... Yeah, im hungry lol
That IS exciting! Never seen him. I'm jealous.
If I'm in a committed relationship with a guy who already has kids, am I entitled 2 a F-day gift? Or do stepdads/dad-lites not get anything?
lololol everyone on my timeline is bashing BOTDF. Please, carry on.
Hey! Anyone out there?
We like to promote local music- come to our restaurant and post on our community board to promote your band or event
Every god damn time. Why the hell are you so much better than me? Because you are getting your bachelors? Because you're 35? Fuck you.
Think outside "the fold"
We want our elephant back! RT : War has been waged between Us and Ignacio Tomorrow will be messy.
Today I went to the zoo & took a walk afterward. I put that into SparkPeople and it turns out I got nearly a week's worth of exercise today.
justin bieber- somebody to love.
Thanks to everyone who made 100 Years of Women a success! Couldn't make it? You can still make a donation that will be MATCHED!
Tune in this weekend and see Christy and Ignatiy discuss the state of 3D films today in a special show we're calling "To 3D or not to 3D!"
Engage viewers in television news brand by utilizing internet to cover stories that don't nec attract broad audience
oh def. Scooter it up! Your So much more free on the scooter!
I understand its not a representation of all fans but the video and pictures are absolutely deplorable.
I'm voting for #MelanieAmaro #XFactor She's beyond amazing!!!!
Really!What did you do? I am curious that it is a great cause.:)
Writing a job ad & debating between wanting someone who can encourage creativity or nurture curiosity. Both important!
RT For the record, Tim Tebow doesn't live in Hoboken. "I've never even been to Hoboken!"
Back in the kitchen wit her no cookin self lol ain't she !
Would that be sashimi for the cat or ...
yep boneless wings are like 40 cents.
Thanks Misty. Glad you love the bag. With all this feedback from the community. I think my decision is made!
#WrestleMania - Love it!!! 21st Century "Greatest Show on Earth" and Vince is the new P.T. Barnum.
Jackson does no-no complete with finger wag RT Buttercup has learned correct usage and pronunciation of "No." Yay!
tired i woke up at 6 lol and went to bed at like 1 so ya im veeeeerrrry tired lol!!!
being in this room for the whole day <<<<
That moment when you already said "Awkward" in your head before you read it.
I'm on twitter that is all
Thanks for the follow. Looking forward to your tweets.
#PatriotsLockerRoomPlaylist rock bottom
Making a cool announcement tomorrow night. Lets say 7pm. Be here.
I'm a packers fan in England and I agree, it's like saying fuck all our loyal fans for a one off money spinner in london!
so david beckham isn't in seattle tonight cause he has to "rest"? he mustve been doing something else besides playing soccer
“: aw. Looks perfect.” thank you!
Amen, Sister. And #StlCards the day before that. Glorious time of year. RT : #Tigers yesterday, #Rays today. I heart baseball
I'm a rookie so I buy the pancake powder. It's more about technique than the recipe, imo. Kind of like baking. Don't overmix.
I think you'll enjoy it.
I wish my gut didn't bounce when I tried to pop to dubstep and the fact that I'm white doesn't help either
Thunder is gonna smash the Flakers!!!
did u walk yet
"Shining Night" We will have our world premiere Wed April 18 at 3 PM. information tickets at the Soho International Film Festival website.
Daniel did you go?
Hi Dell. It seems I am not allowed to DM you unless you are following me :(
I am tweeting more and using the #Trending thing -- as well as posting tweets that match up with what is trending right now.
Champions keep playing until they get it right. -Billie Jean King
Ate Susakis sushi for lunch today it was delicious <3
If you're not going away this spring break , your beat. BAHAMAS <3
RT : Congratulations to Barbara Greenburg of Louisville for winning the car raffle!!!
Tan lines are like highlighter for your most awesome body parts
Wikipedia is just fine for research for K-12 papers. It's much better than Encyclopedia Britannica, which is what I used in school
thanks for the RT! Hope things are coming together for the expo, can't wait!
I tell my job this all the time RT ": Track is my first priority #sorrynotsorry"
haha. I sang that for a Gender Bender song day in Master Class.. That is such a fun song!!! I bet you sound great!
My quest to break the 3000 followers mark is going in the wrong direction. They're dropping like flies, I tell ya!
Heading to Boston today- looking forward to the Facebook innovations sure to come out of #f8 later this week
yeah buddy getting a grade for working out? I'll take it!!
AH PRETTY LITTLE LIARS AKEBRNGO;EBJG JUNE 5!! AH I WANT IT TO BE JUNE 5 ALREADY!!
Per police scanner - pushing, shoving, death threats in line at Boulder Best Buy.
I have no options left. it's time for plan Z. I'm gonna ask my mom..
“Confront issues and challenges – not each Other.” — Suzanne Mayo Frindt
My baby is the only 2 y/o awake in #Texas #GoToSleep #BadAssKids lol
I need to start going to the gym! This is getting ridiculous! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA>
10 days until Opening Day. 8 minutes to Miller Park. 8 a.m. tailgate on our patio begins. $5 breakfast specials. $2 PBRs, Bloody, cocktails.
Thanks for taking time to follow~ Hope you find my posts helpful~
7 AM, put together #thegameoflife and needed to read the directions three times, should not be so realistic
Applying right now!
The past is gone, the future is not yet here, and if we do not go back to ourselves in the present moment, we cannot be in touch with life
well the South was always supposed to be the new land-owning-based aristocracy & kept many of those traits from across the pond
same here! Horses ARE my life! I have a buckskin mare called Luna(:
thanks for tweeting the pre-concert talk and so glad you had a good time at the show tonight!
we're training the next generation of online organizers
mhgmmm Gurl! yo do you know when pretty lil liars comes back?
This week is not going as planned...and that is definitely NOT a bad thing.
watching Godfather, went to bed then woke up at 3AM
damn auto correct! Yeah I think Kentucky might win it all. They are the team to beat.
only 10 more days of school then SUMMER TIME IS HERE!
Will be updating the online store this weekend to feature a few new products
who would wanna call u lol
The SMILE, HON, YOU'RE IN BALTIMORE! "waste" issue is now at the printer....
Just spent the last 3 hours listening to classical music. In my car. Thanks composers (& KUSC 91.5FM). Now the anticipation begins for LOST.
Secret Revealed...The Furman Football Staff Names QB Chris Forcier Starter Today vs Colgate at 2:00 PM Eastern Time. Go Paladins!
You need to check out a more unheard of diaper dandy in Hassan Whiteside for Marshall when you get the chance.
...and now I can't get the Mary J. fried chicken song out of my head. About to play Lift Every Voice & Sing on repeat.
Corbin still calls me it, and I try to hit him but he hits back...which hurts. But it's old news, got old (;
“: : ikr”yup!!! Have a better day
we need to hop on a track together me on vocals you rhymes #LAST KINGS KILLING ISH
RT : This is the 1st generation of entrepreneurs w/ text books written for them, not for MBAs growing big businesses -Steve Blank
Funny how you always have to start with the bottom line.
Wait, am I watching last weeks game on my TiVo.
Lady on Bart talking to boyfriend on phone " you cheated on me so yes I did screw those 2 guys as payback"
follow my personal please? (;
Thanks for the info! We'll pass it along to our fleet team.
Laurence, congrats on Cherry Hill! My Dad also sends his best! They'll be over to see you (I'll be in Miami) :( -KellyAnne
I weighed in and lost 1 lb.
RT awesome meeting w on #LOCKSS #memento all things are ago! stay turned for event announce at stanford!
Once school's over......PRETTY LITTLE LIARS, GLEE, AND BIG BANG.
by like masts fire house dumbshit. <3
Care to visit at 1785 Mass Ave NW? We have many B&J devotees on staff who adore samples. :)
Thank you! I appreciate you reposting and your kind comment! I'll see ya next weekend! Woo!
Buehrle Come on!!!!
I have the best friends ever. Well done, me!
Thanks!! It keeps me busy... :)
Feel better;) ughh.
the guys need to throw in "Let It Whip" by Dazz Band!
Im watching good luck Charlie the episode when Teddy breaks up with derek, right?
Lol. Someone tried to steal our tip jar! Thanks to the good Samaritan that stopped him!
They say love is a magical thing full of happiness. But it can also Hurt You
Flyers talk about Game 4 loss
Walked through the ATM and the guy in the car behind me joked I had a flat tire and I laughed, but it wasn't funny.
#Dallas always coming from behind. #Heat always about to blow it.
Ooh I like that!
Thank you to our afternoon presenters: Dr. “Vinny” Veenod Chulani of Arnold Palmer Hospital for Children!
If he can develop a motor @ Purdue, watch out.
#FF Friday morning shout out to - Keeping it classy while being sassy.
you are not a minor. I got your pictures for proof!
If you thought our show was good last night, we really outdid ourselves tonight. Such a blast! Can't wait to play for everyone soon!
Happy Tuesday morning! I hope you have a great day!
Very good Corned Beef and Cabbage plate at Moher Public House in Chicago. 5310 W Devon Avenue.
Thanks, Sue! We'd love to chat about ways we can help! Are you free to talk soon?
May the 4th be with you!
whats on the agenda:Socially Responsible Investing
If i were Zimmerman, I'd walk away. Then again, if he'd done that the first time, he wouldn't have to now
We have a show tomorrow night at Tritone on south street between 15th and 16th. Come out and enjoy yourself! Stats at 9pm.
Five For #Friday is Back! The first five people to retweet, repost or refer will receive free access to our #Beta. Only a few spaces remain!
Today in LIS 520: Finding out what users want. Neutral questioning, query types, RUSA guidelines, looking friendly, & dealing w/ racists
Gone by nsync
I swear we didn't put it there. Must just be a solid fan. :)
So much catching up to do
Spring is coming, just another 3 months away
I love #AustinRestaurantWeek :)
no one cares. even though you're sitting across from me i still don't care. lol RT: “: I got a new catch phrase:-D”
"Good habits are formed; bad habits we fall into"
Be ready to change expectations when students come with surprising knowledge or lack thereof.
How will today's Obama campaign kickoff rally differ from the "official" taxpayer-paid White House events? Balloons?
If I leave now, I can make it to stroudsbourg for the signing yay
I know..haha:p
Yea, watt u still doin up?
Interesting. I'd love to talk more w/you sometime about that, whether here or elsewhere. (re: libraries & digital publishing)
Omg Lil Chop Chop is comein back I havnt see that niqqa in years
Not sure why but thinks can beat ME in the 40yd dash. Hey what are your thoughts?
Was looking forward to buying some tickets, but if they trade Gerald I won't be getting any after all ...
are you guys back to podcasting the show on iTunes?
new on repeat. can't stop, won't stop
Teaching the 15-month-old how to stand on a skateboard. *thrill*
In support of Bike Month, I'm riding home today - this means I have to ride back tomorrow. First ride in about 2 years.
Happy Friday! It's DIAMOND DAY here! Which is always my favorite day, obviously.
New Orleans bound to watch my take on the hokies. I'm almost as excited to try my first po'boy!
I WANT TO STAB MY SELF IN THE FOREHEAD WITH A KABOB SKEWER AND LOBOTOMIZE MYSELF! THIS PAIN HURTS SO MUCH!
The first part didn't send. They all group hugged me.******
Another boring night in Tally.
where u going to party at tonight. Think im going to hit up for there industry party tonight then
True story!! RT : Life is good. Music makes it better. Dancing with friends makes it the best.
Good #news! Our ship will be skirting around #Irene by at least 600 miles. Captain has other "adjustments" he can make as well.
BRING EM TO LOS ANGELES INSTEAD!! WE ALL ROCK PURPLE AND GOLD ALREADY!!!
i spend usually an hr or something on twitter. being a complete dumbass xD
Happy mothers day to all the mothers & especially the ones thts playing 2roles in the kids life
so I take it a Good Friday fast wasn't in the cards
I find it hard to trust a man named Rico Fishman.
Why do you have two first names?
Thanks for attending! It's a wild night... RT : Loving a night with Groucho
Arrived in Dublin. Next stop Glasgow and
RT : Don’t miss Only Natural Pet Store’s March Madness Sales! Save BIG MONEY in every area of the store!...
Yea it's hot out here today.
#3WordsForYou ( ) i got food (;
ill advised: recklessly catching a late spring cold and talking so much you lose your voice.
Sean Hannity goes inside controversy over the new health care mandate requires religious institutions to provide contraceptives 2 employees.
RT : First Q: What do audiences really want from museums via social media? Reply w/
You bet!! Thanks for always having the kids at heart at Tennyson Center.
“: How do I acquire a copy of this cd that I see everyone talkin about? I'd appreciate an autographed copy" are you worthy?
Headed out to Leon Springs for my ALL REQUEST show @ FRALO'S ART of PIZZA. Tonight, 6-10 pm!
their gettin nakey in an old abandoned house.
I'm good bro
A relationship becomes easier when u realize that u don't have 2 b the 1 at fault 2 b the 1 who's sorry. R. Braul
Yea I Love it to.
Wait there is another GOP debate now? What was that last night? A preview? This is getting old.
if the river was whiskey and I was a dove, i'd swim to the bottom and never come up.
New word for 2012 C-K Cultural Dictionary? :)
Up now is The Moodies from Manchester NH these guys are groovy!!
Come get pierced by our guest piercer Ricky!
well I'm stuck studying for my exam:(
You know you've been staring at the screen too long when you begin to question whether or not a website is 3D...without the glasses.
Why do Asians do the peace sign in all pictures? <U+270C>
Natural Gas Rallies but ETN Sees Weekly Loss
GOAL! Galaxy up over the Sounders 1-0 in the #MLS playoffs.
TY 4 the RT. Hopefully Renee's pain will give other women strength. I could tell u some stories "Musician's Wives" LOL! :0)
#throwbacksongs the entire black album. <3 oh, chicken n' beer too. ;)
i tweet my feet
I know its early but HAPPY EARLY BIRTHDAY!!!!! I can't believe you're turning 14 already, where did the time go?
Don't want RT Presidential Candidate Rick Santorum Visits Lambeau Field:
Its amazing how the same person that makes you so happy can also be the same person to make you so pissed off.
bro what happened?
u ever been??
I may have made an X-Files reference in the #Maddow meeting today...my 2 geek worlds collided. I would call this trip a success ;)
Congrats to all 40 under 40 winners especially Lyle Landowski and Jerad Protasky who are both members of NAIOP!
OMG, just reached over 1,500 plays on my itunes. Amazing.
is circling the wagons!
Catching the #RoseParade on RFD-TV. Kinect for XBox has a pretty incredible float, "You Are the Controller"
Putting the dog down today. Gonna start by telling him he has a big nose.
The Denver Nuggets will play against the San Antonio Spurs tonight at 9:30 p.m. ET. Go, Nuggets!
oh then fuck u
I think I hurt some feelings, and I did not mean to do that...That's not me, despite my snarkiness...
Hey Patty! Nice to see you here!
#UglyGirlsAreNotAllowed is a meaningless trend topic. God created everyone to be beautiful in their own way
Verona beats Middleton in girls soccer 2-1 in OT
I finished the first season of #Lost. Oh. My. Shiz.
338: Mom's pot roast for Sunday night dinner? Now there is something to be thankful for. Delicious!
My first saved Google search: 11/26/07: "bermuda cars." Hint: You can't rent them. Try a moped -and drive on the left!
Nice shot. I'll try to use for 10pm. Thanks.
The Graveyard Book Finds a Home at Disney
I hate bandwagon talk. every team has bandwagon fans, who the hell cares? get off your high horse and care about something more important.
WHA??? FUUUUU RT : I took a trip to the year 3000, not much has a changed but they don't have ice cream :(
I am seeing all the Tweets and FB posts from every one aboard the Disney Fantasy preview. Boy am I jealous! Have a great time :-)
yum yum tommy love to be there with you
I think I need to just buck up & face the fact that I am very likely catching a head cold
Get Ready To Kickstart Project Hexapod - Wired News
Make it happen!
Dinner at the house with the fam
you not being able to spell
wow! Nice thought and rime!!!
Wynter, Milwaukee's official groundhog, did not see her shadow today. Let's hope for some warmer weather! www.lakebluffcondos.com
The new store is opening in Alpharetta on Thursday.
Management is doing things right; leadership is doing the right things. - Peter Drucker
/ thanks for the follow! What's your favorite SS song?
Love your place. You pair beers w/your food? I offer services that will elevate you beer program to match that of your food.
its #cgbb and the word will be announced june 15. And dont worry its nothing bad if u were wondering
What does Punxsutawney Phil seeing his shadow mean? 10 more days until Abraham Lincoln's birthday! #groundhogday -ZK
Just let me have a taste.
Love take me down... to the streets
Not a bad idea.. I should try that. Melatonin usually does the trick for me but I'm too tired to even look for it in the cabinet.
What's one item you can't throw out?
We have so many needs in our life, but at the end of the day, all we need is to be needed.
Just came from orchards.. Now watching the Game SA VS. LA
. Unlikely for photobook today to have same impact as Americans. 1) Was published in post-FSA, post-Family of Man era... (cont'd)
Thanks, just feel dumb. Thought it wouldn't auto-pick if my list was gone, lol. I was wrong
Shaad boutta hook up my nephews with the fresh cuts
Stepping in pee at the #mbta station is good luck, right? Like a bird pooping on your shoulder?
over by N. Capitol St?
I hate it when websites ask, "Are you human?" Well, no, I'm obviously a Alien !! (-_-)
(EOTO-verse is a separate 3-story/novel arc, which runs both prior to and parallel to the events of 'Scholar's Mate' &sequels.)
Hope the #LTDArmy had a great weekend! Can't wait to see you all out at the Smiling Moose on Saturday, March 24th!
I would just like to point out that at least I can find my own way home when I'm drunk... Am I right ?!?
listening to
And He's not asking me to change in my joy for martyrdom He's asking to take my place ~Sara Groves
Took over our youth choir rehearsal for Edie (wife) today. What a joy to see and hear their enthusiasm
sure why not
We really need to get over this love affair with the fetus and start worrying about children - Joycelyn Elders
Trainer Doug O'Neill promised his kids a hot tub if I'll Have Another won the Derby ”Now I have to work out or I'll look weird in my trunks”
is in a joyous mood...
Just had an awesome 4 mile run...
Thanks to all my vegan friends, without you I wouldn't have a larger beef and pork and chicken supply
We've gotten some great feedback from our guest post from at www.inlinewaiting.com what do you think?
#ThingsThatILoveInLife is mi mother mi god parents god mi friends nd mi cell fonee
Can we call it nap time? Or rather lets call it a day?
Were you both drinking? RT : Don't forget!! today at 1030a!!! Watch me verbally abuse !!!
W.Drrosie.Com, check out CDs, Romance & Finance in Adult Relationships & Teenage rRelationships
we are now on Tumblr! >> OfficialWeAreSuperheroes.Tumblr.com << still figuring it out! Follow us!!
very much so! I get SO wrapped up into that show!
RT : Rep. Joe Hubbard: We've got to get back to fiscal sanity. Both democrats and republicans are responsible.
When you need someone to comfort you, a friend is near
The feeling you get when he says he likes you <3 lol.
#GWU somebody just won a Wii. Why are you not here yet?
yes sirree bob. Want to come to a party this evening?
The JAM!!
Use location technology for your business's total success.
I want to quote 's most beautiful line from his year-end entry at , but it's 23 characters too many beautiful.
I love my family!!
You shouldn't give up. Fight for yourself and who you are. You've got to go through the worst times in life to get the best. <3
Math is so fucking stupid xD
NO! BAD ROYALS! STOP THAT
RT : How To Talk To Kids (Effective Sensitive Issues Parenting Communication Guide): Wonderful Tips To Discussing Sen......
The muffin scene is one of the great heights of comedy. The degrees of imagination, play and seriousness are all shocking.
Geez, Coach Spoelstra has called a timeout after every single Bulls bucket in OT. Let the Heat play, theyre not middle schoolers.
Lol... I'm driving on highway 69 :p
RT : Thats one thing I would def have no problem investing money on n over indulging is a dream house!
Tell the truth. Sing with passion. Work with laughter. Love with heart. 'Cause that's all that matters in the end.~Kristofferson
Also the PC Gamer Digital Magazine Beta falls in to a common trap: Why isn't this just on a website somewhere? Why a specialized "app"?.
Learn "How and Why Balloons Fly" at the Balloon Museum before attending this year's balloon fiesta event, you'll be an expert!
Hey, you cute little mouse! Thanks! RT : is only 2 weeks away-Are you ready to get crafty?
omg yes! I do now!!
#ThingsMyChildhoodConsistedOf awkwardness, the wonder years, and a never ending crush on ginger from Gilligan's island.
I'm not gonna tell you to follow me but i will tell you that you should wear you glasses more 'cause i love them.#BeNERDY :D
We were duped! We thought it was our neighbor's girl cat. Then my sister noticed...um...balls. An imposter!
Thanks for the follow! We have in common: love YA lit and love animals. My husband's the musician!
loll, I have this theory that if the parents do it real hard the baby comes out cute.If they don't, #quepena the bbys ugly
I am finally ready for some football
How u feeling? You have your diva behavior back or still recovering?
working on my blog post for you!
where in SA ? I'm looking forward to my 1st trip there (JoBurg & Capetown) this summer! Would love to hear about your trip
lmao hell yea!!!
My hair hasnt been this long in 4 years
Pointers for good texts on ontologies?
is it Adele??(:
Thanks for the#FF's Have a fabulous week :)
RT : Packers DL Anthony Hargrove will miss #Bears game in Week 2 after being suspended 8 games for role in Saints bounty program
Any good man would want the teachings and blessings of God on his household and family
Don't think about your last $2 dollars. Give it freely. God's Eye is on the sparrow. How dare you for any moment of doubt.
that's just about a Done Deal! Let me check the Schedule
Bout to take my big sis and baby nephew to hibachi. Im STARVING!!!
You want it we do it. Let us be your handyman while we paint your place too. We'll roll you over with our sevice and quality.
RT : What is the worst film to win the Best Picture #Oscar in Academy Award history? 1929 to 2012?
I've missed fall time on the east coast :)
probably Jalen Jenkins and he can definitely play
Dear internet writers, please stop saying "click here".
man I just feeling better we had a ball much love
happy mothers day momma:)
- Have you used FB ads for your institution?
Bill Pucko accepts the Director of Communications position with the Rochester Razor Sharks!
Anyone saw the stage show Wicked? It was Wicked!
congrats to all the 30 Day Yoga Challenge participants...today is your last day. YAY - YOU DID IT! how do you all feel?
Shout out to Let's Get Weird Wednesdays.
I want to leave!
we need to but tickets once they get the date up ! FRONT ROW ! Haha :)
now they're going to be named after Hamilton.
I was unaware!
Signed up for Sat "From Research to Analysis" CE class- can't wait for
Never mind, I don't care !!
We have another new baby in the family: Stevie has arrived in all his cuteness. This makes my mom a great-great grandmother!
's true but however film doesn't lie.
#WGTTH will be on the Dylan Ratigan Show this Thursday (MSNBC - 1pm PST). It will be live from a large job fair in Dallas, TX.
“: Working on our weekend list - the theme for this weekend is food - lots of good food.” count us in!
Another stimulus is not politically viable. The media can't change the makeup of the House.
For some reason I decided that I and I alone could stop our tubes on the river.. My knees look like I've worked hard for the money Ouch
Awesome dinner at topped off by a tour of the kitchen and possible stage and snacks at Damn good night
We were just going over very basic logistics with friends today. No matter what, it's gonna be a nightmare
More like Halloween.
so how about that ep? Any ideas on a release date yet?
#Sales professionals can stand to learn alot from pro #baseball players... 162 games in 180 days
good morning how your day
With ordinary talent and extraordinary perseverance, all things are attainable.
it was really good right? Hats off to the Heat. They put on a GREAT show at
I may be missing something, but I'm really baffled as to why we're supposed to care about Secret Service members using prostitutes.
Holy Crap I miss the #90s.The best #hiphop and #RandB since the #70s!
You set yourself up to the sold and that's ok cause that's your role Manipulation takes its toll What will you do when nobody wants you?
what is your number & ooyf will text you...
Are there Legal Observers and/or NLG to prevent illegal searches?
Oh boy! a non union commercial audition @ 6 pm that's a 1 hour drive RT & burn mad gas during traffic AND it's a $100 Buyout? Fuck off! Ugh
its deleted
I'm good. Working on this tour.
love you baby (: i'm fine^_^ but my mom wouldn't take me over there by taco bell. She took me to Arbys :/
Word!! RT : The fastest way to my heart is helpin me get some money...... Ain't nothin like a Bonnie
I'm following you Jen... Stalking you in cyberspace
Do you find yourself drooling over our posts? We do ship until Dec 20 in time for Christmas.
“: I NEVER PULL OUT.... Without using my mirrors.”
NSPCC East Midlands Child's Voice Appeal just received £5k donation following Lincolnshire launch. well done
I'm trying to pull my weight here! Being fed margaritas at Toloache. That should provide some great material!
i walk about 157 , im starting my cut slowly
RT : Bye bye Denver and #astd2012. > Wish we had more time to talk!
Wisconsin Cyberinfrastructure Day - Great presentation by Kevin Eliceiri in progress. Live feed here: bit.ly/dvVHp5
Boxer puppies are on the way today!
Yea, O Lord King, grant me to see my own failings and not condemn my brother, for blessed art Thou unto the ages of ages. Amen.
The Education Secretary Michael Gove has suggested a proposed new Catholic school in Twickenham should limit its..
Simply Lemonade w/ Mango >>>>>>
Check out all of the little cuties in their Halloween costumes at NYMetroParents and vote for your favorite!
Happy Mother's Day to All Mom's!!!!
John Calipari is currently in Pittsburgh watching Andrew and Aaron Harrison (2013) in the Hoop Group Jam Fest.
And steampunk is badass, of course. Im a fan.
Did anybody notice the 2 candaces in the background of phineas and ferb the musical when her mom said she had frozens...... haha
#Scandal - It's what's for dinner!
I was really hoping Ken would win a million. =(
would like to thank our sponsors MLK Library, www.boalt.com, Patrick, www.evengrounds.com, & Leslie Bobbitt.
thanks for the mention!
So crazy that when my little girl plays with her dolls they're all speaking Swedish to each other
Dude!!! I tried!! But fudge that she said there's no way I can fix this x(
#20thingsaboutme I dont remember the color of my exboyfriends eyes, and we dated for three months. I didnt care.
At clackamas. Police caught friends and I. Staying in the police room.
bill bryson's "at home: a short history of private life" is fascinating. I had no idea corn is completely dependent on humans.
Dam I smell good
Seriously fuck off. Done with this shit.
don't even need an appointment!
I don't wanna rush things.
R.I.P Adam Yauch We will always fight for our right to party!
#buckeyenation wants in the scarlet and gray. Big decision to make. A lot of good things are going to happen in the bus.
You know what Idc if I'm not the slimmest or the prettiest I'm ME and if a guy doesn't want that than you lost something good !
i don't necessarily hate QR codes, but they're not the solution for everything. depends on how they're used/talked about.
I wanna buy some red pants. Ya I have goals.
just got back from shopping<U+2665>
Academic workflow: catalogs my articles, dropbox, iPad, iannotate help me take notes, puts it all together!
It is too pretty of a day to be inside!
fucking pissed beyond fucking belief i want to be left the fuck alone dont talk to me dont text dont call
Got to love the #flyers!
#capsbruins the Flyers and Penns show up at the Verizon Center
Magic City Theme Song>>>>
. Went to session , really cool but I think Subaru did a better job than Avis with that execution
Yum! RT : “: What can you do with leftover fresh cranberries." Cook in sugar syrup - Save for Nantucket Kirs. !!
Yes, just as you can identify a tree by its fruit, so you can identify people by their actions. - Matthew 7:20
Okay, I'm done. I'm out of this debate. Watching Mitt and Newt go at it early on was best part, and what will be the headline.
Close achievement gap & wellness gap too. How will WH fund school-based health centers in the next budget?
Blow that whistle in yo face Bitch...
Lauryn Hill blasting. Goodnight.
its also not obvious who its bout lol
“: See. good here.RT : Limbaugh in statement: "I sincerely apologize to Ms. Fluke for the insulting word choices.””
We are suppose to believe a Man w/a loaded gun screamed for help then shot an unarmed teen dead #trayvon screamed
yall got a whole summer... no excuses haha.
Hanging out at my favorite library and working on my syllabus for summer.
who plays tomorrow inside da gates
MY BROTHER WENT THERE YESTERDAY
“: let's do a #southernthing and build a bonfire. Then drive your truck right into the middle of it!” true story here..
I'm wake up around 5. I wish I get to pass out around 9 and not get distracted by #thebigbangtheory or #familyguy reruns on TBS! lol
$2 Margarita's tonight!
aww thanks Evan! I'd love to come to Nashville. We were in Memphis in January, love TN.
Big move is in a week, have we started packing? Nope.
WOW!!! “: So Sean Payton suspended one year, effective April 1, and Tebow traded to Jets.”
Wow! Congrats! What does the trophy look like? A golden hot dog, I hope.
skycam fell in the OU v. IOWA game
Sundays are great and all..church, family..all that jazz..but one of my favorite parts is the fried chicken for lunch. 12 o clock hurry up!!
Guys that smell good >>
Thank you for the follow we hope you have a great monday!
Women smoke more weed than dudes these days!! Lady pot junkies
sign me up
Ayers: "Have to build DH that connects with core methods of trad scholarship." "That's how you get tenure." ANVIL will help.
From 106 emails to 8. I'd say it's been a productive week thus far.
yeah I mean I think he's good, but I don't think Cleveland necessarily needed him
#YouKnowItsRealWhen your at work bout ta quit already & that bitch ass manager come over poppin shit...
The exhibit looked great! Really proud of you!
how sweet. Lol. :D
": Words with friends????"it cool ,but try "Draw Something" you will laugh your socks off
I just did an oral history with Meyer Schapiro's daughter...lots of great info. Like, Breton lived across their street in NYC for a bit !
Ask yourself whether you are happy and you cease to be so
Upside abt coming home: I can finally watch last week's ep of "The Vampire Diaries." Downside: it's the last new ep til 2012. Blargh.
looks so yummy I wish there was an IN-N-Out here in Central Florida! :(
is trying to find her motivation...
Brooks Conrad actually got on base!
Laugh now cry later
Everyone is getting down on Fridays, But I'm #hatting on Fridays ;D
Ok, soo if you see a tweet from me that says some crap about weightloss and diet and stuff, I was hacked, sorry.
RT : Did you know 30% of home water usage is allocated to toilet flushing?
Addtl footage still needed for blanks during privacy app searching scenes. 2nd Unit on top of it with planned shooting over the wkend.
Bout to head to to for DADA LIFE!! COME RAGE CAGE!
Football should be the only thing watched on Sundays!
"What's going on here?" Audience asks. Why do people spill their guts ? Honoring people, power of the booth, part of history.
gave me an amazing peep talk at the press conference today, and even complimented my name chain thank u so much!
My mind isn't ready for this trip. Also I bruised the arch of my foot trying to clean a light fixture.
scored 3 in bottom of the 9th to tie then won in 10! You?
Don't hate the creator! RT : ...They say losing builds creator! Who the heck wants creator. Let's win some games in Detroit!
With 10 additional investigators, Nuch says he could save the city of LA $150 M next year in workers comp cases.
hi<3 I haven't talked to you in to long!
Combing through FY12 program evals for member suggestions to develop even better FY13 programs.
If you cld write a basic article on community policing in any of the MidEast countries, drop a line. Quick publication.
So excited for in his WORLD PREMIER in TURKEY DAY tonight at the BARE BONES FESTIVAL!
Wanna drive someone in your life crazy? Go out for Chinese, and then rip up your fortune cookie fortune without reading it.
Hope you can make it to Reynolda House Monday! Drop in from 11-1 to "See Yesterday...Today"
Good Luck Today , , , Bring home the series
just did(:
aw you'll get more followers!!! And there is still no videos up on my youtube. Not until this weekend, hahaha.
It was well worth the wait smokin hotties!!!!!!!!!!
where's your tebowner?!
when writing a book for the 1st time you learn a lot. and i look forward to adapting what I've learned to the short story and book 2 Goliath
#mostannoyingthingever having to listen to trying to dislodge a popcorn kernel out of his throat
Thank you for the mention!
What! Cant upload my sexy nurse picture.
Getting final touchs done on the new booth for #astd2011 #astd come visit at 551 if you'll be there
good morning :) have a lovely day
oh, you are. I went back and read your tweets. NRRMINE GURL.
I didn't think it would, but I'm kinda glad it did .
I Agree.. lol and the lime one yum!!
Will you pretty please visit Louisville this year?:) I love you!
": Come on Browns, Chase Minnfield is sitting there!"< So is Jordan White........need another WR......1 is not enuff.
Gta san Andreas has to be the best play station game ever
What part dont you get when i say i dont giva fuck about you dude. what u GAY... well stop asking like you wear tampons bitch:-\
Must get all of my school work done by Friday so I can celebrate Derby Day and Cinqo de Drinko!
"Let me finish this tweet" the nwest way to get out o paying the tab. Hahahah
..."in which none of us wins…" Well, maybe neither you nor Victor won, but the rest of us won the blog-readers' lottery!
Spending my Friday night on my bed crying. Oh joy! What a blast I'm having!
last night felt like we should've been watching #trueblood. But where's ?
Wisconsin Governor’s Business Plan Contest Open for 2012 Entries Through Jan. 31, 2012 via
It's not the style of play boyzz, its the fact that they are overseeded and will get bumped in both tourneys!!!!
private instructor? sweet!!
My mom's phone now cut off. Will someone call me immediately. Susan I've DM you my number.I've been patient.
nicola who?? You're basically telling me wait 3 years and the Bulls will be a contender! Lol
Omg cnt wait for Sunday or jersey shore!!!
June is hoping that Shawn figures out the root access on his G1 so we can have multi-touch, flash, etc...
When People Tell You To Call Them... Umm, Bitch You Have Hands And A Phone, You Call Me.
Yeah...this whole being away from for six weeks is not gunna work out for me. I'm already going through withdrawal
of course(:
oh, just kidding. the brakes on the other car are shitty so I can't take it-___- staying in my house all day then..
I was off <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>lol I have to come n tonight tho<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Another sleepless night.
Touché RT : I love people who talk a big game about #socialbusiness yet use email like it's only form of communication
what hotel is that?
Some of these mets fans are so wierd
God has a reason for all of us and the energy he gives us to share and show! Use it wisely Marcus!
oh you do, you do.
Yum, Mexican food!!
haha! Let's hope it'd be that funny! :)
Damn what did i get myself into
Agreed -->Friday's the best!
I wish everyone a great evening! I will do my best to enjoy me. I can't wait to hug my hubby and spend time with my babies!
I totally just got the "wrong person" late night booty text from a guy I broke it off with on Monday. Hahaha, good try though
maybe something we should talk about at that SDDE board meeting? I know some Blue Dogs who would be down.
wanted to tell you, I had skin cancer in exact same spot.
aww i'm sorry! only one more week! <3
making sure Joe Preston is still alive. Cabo isn't for everyone...
No real thoughts on the dbacks tonight. Cain's good.
no school tomorrow <3
Are peanut M&Ms considered breakfast food?
Spuds n Suds @ the Wave in Sharon Wed. March 24th from 6-9pm. Baked potato bar,home brews.Support the Wave&Democrat Women of Mercer County!
Bring on the
Soo, we're going to Atlanta???????!! To see Christian? :)
Thanks! I want one so bad :)
I got a cryptic handwritten note saying that I won & should report to booth 1:A18 or something. When I asked, was told there was no booth
Looking forward to opening day go #Redsox !!
Just arrived to the "A Night To Remember" event hosted by Tyson Beckford... Sponsored by Bentley Motors
where u
What's the debate? (Sorry, I am late to the discussion.) Law students tend to be a very snarky bunch.
MOTHER OF GOD, I JUST GOT 200+ FOLLOWERS FOR FOLLOWING
The veggie sushi tray was a huge hit! It was gone quickly & everyone loved the pickled plum. Thanks!
Sorry for the negativity last night. I was very impulsive and frustrated. I am fine now and have sorted things out for now. Good morning :)
RT : I find that I sent wolves not shepherds to govern Ireland, for they have left me nothing but ashes and carcasses to...
« « BEST SEX PARTNERS :Aquarius,Virgos, Taurus,Pisces,Aries,Gemini,Cancer,Libras, Scorpios > > > #Rt If You One Of Them"
haha. That was the roller rink "boys only" song when I was kid. Do it Brennan. It would make my day.
Like #cataloging. :) MT : "Infrastructure is working best when you don't notice it." (can't find orig. source, said & re-said).
Just met !
last night I dreamed atheist medlibs were singing in a gospel choir. Pretty sure I've lost it.
RT: : HELP ME POST MY 1ST SOLO TRACK!!! It will be posted the moment #CraigOwensEpSept15th reaches a spot in trending topics
Well hello new follower friend! I see you are friends with You must be rad. :)
I just downloaded Scrivener. Anybody got some tips they want to share?
After a long day of tasting wines and having an awesome lunch, I'm home. Now back to drinking more wine!
People gave me mostly alcohol this year. Hmm, I just don't know why?!? ;-)
That awkward moment when you tell somebody they look beautiful and then you realize you just complimented a mirror
I'm sure you could find something at the dollar store also for Pi gifts
aw ya welcome and nice to meet yhu xx
Enjoying a BLENDY cup with my son after a great day together at Lake Eola.
Developer challenges involve challenges, codeathons, community building, and commercialization.
Off to the gym 4 days till my calendar shoot.
Happiness is a choice. Choose happy.
Watching the
I need a friend in the south burbs... I feel like I'm on an island right now... Smh
everytime i go to tweet , i wanna put mamamahone instead. lol. <3
I will be following everyone back as soon as twitter lets me. This ratio of follwers to how many I'm following is STUPID!
In all seriousness though I am only and I mean only happy for Darius miller because he was at UK for the real reasons
poor child, lol
Well done all those who ran the Lincoln 10k.
Please! Make this twitter know, i talk about famous persons, his/her style personality, love... RT this RT RT ;)
I will be attending the first meeting for the Mechanical & Fuel Gas Code this Thursday at 9:00am 501 N. Post rd. FYI
oh just enjoyin this beautiful day and you
Had a student who doesn't engage get excited about a project today! Finally! Hopefully we can keep up the energy for the duration.
ha ha he's pretty painful to watch. He tossed Karina at start of dance and expected him to drop her. Scary he he.
not tired :[
haha I'm sneaky like that!
I know I've 'sort of' adjusted, but I really do still dislike the #Facebook timeline...
you love me so no!
My legs go marching one by one on the treadmill, hurrah. My legs also go up, down & around on the exercise mat, oh yeah! Let's move!
thanks for the follow. Check out the site #houstonnightout.com it will tell you all the hottest events in houston!
:) I love u too baby but wat does that mean? lol
#SexiestManAlive Justin Drew Bieber :-)
Idgaf if you told me im mean tf u get on my nerves im only mean to you not other ppl im very nice but dont get on my bad side !
i hate the spam that be on here
Looking at ghost avd good show
Hello from New Jersey, CUPA-HR people.
Times like these were I am lost and I don't know what to do I just wanna cry right now I wish I was still a little kid still wereihadnoworrs
Girls who think every other girl wants their boyfriend <<< No honey, there's a reason he's with you.
Deciding my 30 day pre-Summit plan of action. Which would you rather see actual review of..Hybrid Asylum/P90X or Asylum/Insanity
Sweet! Going to talk to them.
Can't wait to start my workouts in the morning, I'm so ready.
G-men!
Q: What's your Cinco de Mayo plans!? Come get a fun outfit at the mall before heading out!
omg this gets more excited so now we just need to get to work and make everything perfect! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Yo man, how's Trill Cosby coming?
Can't wait for the beer and bbq fest tomorrow 530-930!
Indeed. At this point words are pretty weak sauce.
He wrote it on the back on an envelope of one of my bills.
ATL FANS OH MY GOD HELP THEM
FOLLOW ME PLEASE!! I NEED THAT FEELING THAT DREAMS COME TRUE!! PLEASE
On the road to Florida to visit Family, DJ, and enjoy #WMC .. Very excited for Ultra Music Festival and PUBLIX!!!!! lol
's Pepsi commercial during #glee! What could be better?!?
6 to 8 debates!! The guy who refused to debate is now overcompensating like those dudes with balls on the backs of their trucks.
As parents we should be very concerned about the future of our education system and our kids ability to compete globally.
Crazy shit goin down in the studio tomorrow... Crazy shit
It's high time I start developing in a screen/vim environment. Disagree? Tough.
They're handing out free five hour energy drinks
What an amazing job the 26 #PalmBeach #School for #Autism #preschool #graduates did last night! Kudos to our amazing #teaching staff.
Just ordered 130 prints so I can finally start working on my #projectlife album again. Way, way behind.
Coming right up... in Beaver,PA.
I hear that.
Haha, no i just been working on modeling. :)
Take a shot for me <3
Its the hair that looks like hers
but I'm on voxer haha(:
yeah just give us a ring at 477-GOAT
that it would. There was a guy walking through the mall today carrying his guitar.
Good God, Lemon. RT : I've watched way too much #30rock in the past day, if that's even possible.
yes!! This season was lacking a bit but that have made up for it first season I fell in love with it. OTP??
netherlands (SDC) or norway (NDC)? not going this year...too busy :)
I like my bitches like i like my Fries....CURLY
#YES IS THE #LARGEST PARTY #RENTAL COMPANY IN #DAYTON CALL US AND FIND OUT WHY 298-0114
People never know the true backround stories to my tweets..
Kyheen wanna kill my bottle & is going home to his girl.. i told him dont tell her know u was w/ me if u kill my bottle
Your too smexy honey ;D
haha, azlon was asleep on my bed.
Psyched to play a show tomorrow w the Acidic Swamp Band Life in #sacramento. Special #Earth Day tune planned...
Yum. Where are you having that? On the Santa Monica Pier?
Anybody besides me ever go to Imagine That in new jersey as a kid
Send the envelope back empty and give the letter to your nearest Dem office, union hall or savvy blogger.
Steel Magnolias!!!
Champs! Michael Hartnett and Paul Mattingly are severely talented guys and I am lucky to do shows with them. Thanks to everyone who came ...
In hindsight, potential "disruption" in room has 2 b weighed, but #25 was off this yr in comparison to others. We'll c. Win Mon.
Just arrived in Atlanta. Ah the humidity. Just realized what a long dry summer we've had.
#StuffMyDadSays Make money. Don't let money make you.
Our cat food is formulated to provide your cat with a meal that is similar in nutrition and moisture to how a feline would feed in the wild
thanks but again, its spelled adam
Got another house show!! Whose down?
hold my head high.....look that busted nigga in the face with the finger on trigger....fuck that nigga
You Better Call...
I'M
go cats
- Try not to, because you give that person power over you. Hey Go Knicks!!
Thanks Kim!
he kinda did, i asked if it was cool if you came and he said yeah its fine.
stop claiming zones in atl man..the apd'll know where 2 find you because shit...they MADE the whole zoning system #ijs how is this shit cool
Its uber hot outside
end of May/beginning of June i'm hoping.
I had a larabar - hopefully I won't throw that up!
True story: I once played poker at a riverboat casino in Port Charles, Louisiana. A buddy of mine drove there from Houston, TX.
My pool says I cant swim. RT : Self has had own issues in big games. My pool says I must side with Cal.
i hate the roach.
gotta get science grade up (;
dude u a creeper. Lol
#coyotes #wings tonight #nbcnetwork les fucking go
#Microsoft cloud app needs like 20 steps to build and deploy, #Cloudbees needs 3. Microsoft gets too tool-happy for their own good.
Devils game is Wed night before T-giving. I hate making excuses but both games r difficult. I went to NYC once - didn't sleep
winging this ap world test tomorrow
getting everything lined up to leave. Our quartet is heading to Bucharest, Romania on Friday! We'll be there for about 9 days
Dane County Sheriff just announced they're investigating the "alleged altercation at the offices of the Wisconsin Supreme Court."
alright ;o
To quote Lloyd Bridges in Airplane ... Looks like I picked the wrong week to quit sniffing glue
Worship=lifestyle ?s talk to me:) HE>i
Judging by the sounds of the storm outside, I am quite happy with my decision to stay in tonight and get some sleep :)
Awesome! Thanks for the shout out!
at least be original, or stop ripping off idiots like Sarah Palin.
I forgot how boring this class was going to be
Turtle Beach EarForce x41 Unboxing - Thoughts amp Reactions - headsets for ps3
Sometimes I just feel bad for people. Some companies have the worst insurance plans.
I don't, but If Zayn's happy, I'm happy. :) lol
Sounds like the brunch for me!
Let's make this little boys dream come true... tweet for #RyanKennedy!!!
I wouldn't know
TDV Monthly Special - Until Nov 30 take 20% off any NEW imaging project including BLUE PRINT SCANNING! Call today for details!
#SaySomething is AMAZING!!!! I'm actually dead!!! <3
You are like the 4th person to ask me about that book. Is it really that good?? I haven't read it yet but now I rly want to
JUST ADDED to our evening shows - the amazing Marisa Anderson and the fabulous La Pump! Just keeps getting better and better!
Hope everyone has an awesome saturday night!!!!
Nice! Haha!! Thanks for playing along! ; )
You mention a number of times about writing books. Any opinions on shorter epapers that are free for building the tribe?
Giving a seminar at NYU on Friday: "Teaching Machines to Listen" A few guest spots available, drop me a line if you'd like to attend...
I believe in the Sasquatch too.
it's amazing:)
come to Los Angeles California and visit me come to my stand up comedy shows.
The soft launch is a ridiculous concept and practice. More on this in our blog soon.
Quantity leads to quality.
I am an obsessed fangirl that will probably end up going to jail for rape. :D
You mean they spotted him? I thought I killed him a long time ago. I won't let the good twin get away this time!
jesuss :/ can't sleep T.T
"Here comes Peter Cottontail, hoppin' down the bunny trail, hippity hoppity Easter's on it's way.
oh I went there too...
3rd wheeling ....not fun
have fun sweetie! Show us fans ur outfit? ( or just me :-P)
Rad peoples Good to be followin' ya, tell ur friends ta listen!
SEO NEWS: Perfecting On-Page Optimization for Ecommerce Websites
text me <33
I know it's hard to remember the people we used to be.
we should do brunch!
Greatly looking forward to the imminent return of and to the 11215!!!!
The are free, but you have to have a ticket to get in.
Halloween Hangover Hours Wednesday /Thursday/Friday 12-6pm Back to normal hours on Saturday!
My upstairs landlord went halfway down the stairs and then went back up the stairs again. Consider yourself updated.
Gotta give my dog a bath now ... hopefully will be following me when I get back <3
Chilling have church tomorrow
put it down tonight. 3 more wins...1 game at a time...poise is the word #smashbrothers #sixers Lego!
Well, I need to see your face. Lol
Hot Chelle Rae and Demi Lavato Concert tomorrow tonight w !!! We!! But we'll be missing you !! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
Thanks for the follow love <3
This is why you are awesome. I love that you share blood stain tips. :)
Don't F w/ the person that signs your checks!! A concept some pro athletes don't seem to understand!!
Friends from Japan flew in tonight. 18 courses. No joke.
Had enough of the booth stalking at MMIII? Come by our both to hear some Sierra-Nevada nature sounds and relax. Earprint Booth 301
RT : Hey Tweeps looking for at least 6 more Listeners.... Enjoy the jam "No More Mr. Nice Guy - Alice Cooper" PLS RT <U+266B> http:// ...
Paging Mr Herman-Clooney. RT : Thank you, Mr. President, for standing up for equality. Yours Truly, Pee-wee Herman-Clooney.
RT : im keeping u in my prayers,hope u feelbetter soon <3
really is very good is its
still mad from sat we had that and sore at the same time lol it's all cool tho game sat we bout to do work Cowboys C
and i cried when your dad didnt come for me! i dont think ive ever felt to heart broken.
I could tell that about you. Total bullfrog. As for me, I'm coming to terms with my own spider nature.
...hope it picks up. NE wayz, imma gonna dance me arse offenheimer real soon. Yeeeeeeee.
thanks Steve for voicing for the #homeless , poor and oppressed. JUSTICE NOW ! for #KELLYTHOMAS stop #HATECRIME .ty
“: update on the Lincoln/Boyle game?” I'm at work so I don't know .
How familiar r u w/ the models and modeling (Lesh and English) approach 2 problem solving? Have u dug into Beyond Constructivism?
really? Man, I'm out of the loop or something.
When their pageviews plummet, they'll come crawling back. Self-important Paula Deen comments are the lifeblood of a website.
Last year, more than 18,000 people used our 1-855-US-SERVE hotline to call Congress in support of
Had a combination of three nightmares last night....the scariest one involved a great white shark! # terrified
Such a Creeper
don't fall into this trap Suz. :)
I'm not missing you, just missing what we had..
Drew Brees is the man
If ur not ready for the half, come out to our 5k! RT raise ur hand if ur doing the half marathon this weekend in chicago
Hahahaha it was nasty <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
Hi Jennielle! I'm doing well. So are the folks loving life as part of Who are you meeting with?
Nothing more embarrassing than thinking you're alone..singing My Heart Will Go On in the elevator...only to turn around 2 see I'm NOT alone.
Kept hostage at work until one. Wonderful.
Take a nap or push through? Lunch first.
Yes siiirrr...Nuggets Vs Lakers Sun Afternoon...Game 1 .. #Playoffs Begin.....
I can't really explain it, I'm so into you.
Hey friend just followed me and I didn't even realize it <33 :^D
"Let it not be said that life was good to us, but rather, that we were good to life.” — Jacob P. Rudin
my brother is so stupid when it comes to losing weight. he says eating ONE salad will cancel out all the bad things he ate in a day.GOODLUCK
I feel that way all the time. RT : If only I knew more about stuff that matters.
Creating logo for a patent
First #akla12 celebrity sighting: Eric Estrada on our flight. I saw him asking for librarian autographs.
#peopleshouldstop cyber bullying kids on social networks especially if u don't like a video don't watch it or comment
i now fall asleep to STWOF every night! thanks for making my nights a little dreamier ;) <3
Attending 'Spring into PDUs' for Rochester PMPs. Loving the session on Infusing Project Management Into an Organization That Is Clueless.
thanks for the follow. Have an awesome day.
aint that the Great talent, but the media over blows this guy all the time. All I'm saying is MJ alwa
It make me mad when guys like my daddy age try to talk to me
Don't miss the First Commonwealth benefit for Go Red for Women at the Wine Loft tomorrow. Stop by 6-8pm & get your photo taken in the booth!
Thank you for your business. Let us know if there is anything we can do to improve our service. Be blessed!
Rubio and Minnesota have game but this shouldn't be a close game
99% of the sellers WANT TO SELL. What's up w/the 1% who refuse to allow showings & don't even respond to offers, sight unseen! WTF!
Now covering errors that one can make-reading slides;too much lecture
Gym time.
Thanks for the follow Kristie!
Do you still wear Hollister clothes and spray? Hollister is A.M.A.Z.I.N.G!
lost in all the Payton Manning and Tebow Mania.. Welcome back sir!
Vidal on the students: "They're already here, they have not dropped out of school, they do not have criminal records"
I needed that! Thank you
#NowPlaying Trading Places - Usher
How'd you get a seat at #cjlive? I want to go to the next one.
Oh, I'm at least ten years out of date on Center City at this point, sorry!
True friend don't have to be around each other all the time they could be separated for weeks and they can still be themselves in the end <3
Thanks for the link, Cathy!
at first I thought the same thing but over time he got annoying
Yeea. It sucks. But I wont miss much at school. All we do on Fridays is watch House.. Haha.
pleasse go follow !!!!
Hey , why don't you let me help you get this plane boarded? I've apparently got a lot more experience than this crew.
AYO BDAY S/O TO MAH MAIN HOE gurl you summertime fine cant wait to BLACKOUT CITY tahnight, well go for icecream, just us -_-
Lmao Kira is a fuckin nut ! She funny doe
Skate or Die Bday Bash at the Skating Rink TONIGHT....ROLLERCADE (223 RECOLETA).
Does your self worth equal your net worth
RT : <U+266B> Street Knock (feat. ASAP Rocky) - by Swizz Beatz
Working on 2010 season games to digitize and upload...
Faded off the kush, im gone
I've been out of the music loop for a while. I think I'm gonna start posting some songs
haha! I'm a mush do I wont watch live games. Thank Gos foe DVR
We're proud to be part of the #IronCitySound family. If you're a proud #Pittsburgher follow ,& try their new killer IC Amber
it's only Wednesday...
I've been very well! Busy and cold but I guess that's just working during an Indiana February
YVW! You too! >> : Thankful for your mention and tweets. Have a great weekend.
yes mam! Ready for the fall?
An AWESOME night to be an LA sports fan!
uh happy mothers day?
1 more Kony tweet then I'm done. It annoys me how ppl think they're doing their part by retweeting or posting on their wall. Good for you.
He's so so. He can't sleep much I guess he's thinking too much about his illness. We have his medicine and food always on time.
"I can't believe we slept for 6 days straight again!" - SNL writers recently.
#10FactsAboutMe I dont have a favorite color
looks good...hungry now
After the words 'Go with the flow' I stopped payin attention...
Anyone know what channel I can see the Pacer game?
i hate my friends so much
I actually have read some of them (more of Bean's story, less of Ender's) but definitely recommend the original, Carl.
if anybody would like to convince my parents into buying me a decent phone, it would be greatly appreciated. thanks.
I got so much stuff on my mind and on my heart..i got to get ready for work..
tight work! gonna upload it.
New Year's Eve will never be the same again.
This man just beep beeped me -.-
Got a ticket for unlawful speeding "105" in a 65 mph zone. I was only doing 70..... Taking this shit to trial!!! Straight UP :-/
umm... Is this an April fools joke.. Or... ? Kinda just freaked out..
It wasn't even funny.
What would u do for a Klondike bar
I dnt think I can ever stop!.!! I'm in too deep!
Thank you well let me know if we can do any work together in the future!
needs to be weekly and needs to start selling merch online!
no :( but there was a bunch of yankees drinking beer and they were drunk after like two cups lol
Apologies. Didn't realize it was that close.
Bummer man! We hope to see you soon!
Loving the baby animals on Jimmy Kimmel
Haha. The floral notes of unicorn farts will really tie the flavors together.
u are the best ever <3
Be urself, because an original is worth more than a copy.
One thing that has blown me away is how strong Jagr is. It's crazy. That's an old man, & he's as strong as anyone out there
Democrats are funded by the same people who fund republicans... while the talking points are different, the policies are same
he is soo cute I love him
I'm not brought down easily anymore. I'm getting stronger every day.
This just happened: "Midterms: the delicious ice cream center of your semester"
But I've been on the rail for a few GA shows, incl. 2/14/97 Paradiso and as recently as 1st night Broomfield.
I deleted my tweet &retweeted yours. Better?
I always miss when tweets):
I e-concur!
Today is the last day of some of your life.. as well as the fist day of some of your life..
Very soon things are going to be happening that will change the face of mobile communications forever. Stay tuned as more info is released.
.. Droid Bionic!! Get one.. Even if Apple pays you.. Tell them its for research.. Haha
i miss u already i love u girl one of the sweetest funniest people ive
except that your going to die I wont except that if anyone knows any charitys that support people who are less fortunate who are
Inspiring story at 6pm! An update on the horse shot in the face and left for dead... wait until you see her now!
and the tweets continue ...at least we don't have to listen to cobler today
In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life-it goes on. Robert Frost
Your a mess but yes your beautiful
- Too broke to fly this year! How can we add a ticket for me on Santa`s list this year.
My feelings are so hurt. As if...I can't tell you ain't singing a gotdamned note. Not ONE?!? Put...the mic...DOWN, Vanilli.
#revelation. Joke books are never funny.
Great stuff!
loves "life is long, theatre is longer" from #Smash! First time watching it.....
you're welcome :)
1st American, Kipling's Actions and Reactions. SAILBOAT ornament! Love me some pub. cloth.
Man! We'll be thinking about you, we'll get you something cool.
done with work off tomorrow now what to do ?
There is no denying the beat to that song...excellent choice. You've made your one good choice for the week!
#idol - Elise was smooth and fun. Not bad.
#JustRememberThat all you have is today-the present. Be all there.
Tonight is the last night I ever watch the Tonight Show. NBC, if it weren't for Heroes and Sunday Night Football, I'd dump your butts!
Mane I bruise so freaking easy. Got pinched bout 10 times n I'm just now seeing the marks. My folks gon think that mane beat me up lol.
Gm beautiful have a great training day xx
I love shopping. I just hate dealing with people and not having much $$$.
Juggling a camera and an umbrella is not easy.
Can I watch the Emmys online somewhere? Was unsuccessfully cheering for Mike Vick during original airing.
RT : “I hated every min of training, but I said, 'Don't quit. Suffer now & live the rest of yr life as a champion” <U+2015> Muhammad Ali
An extra bonus for the person who photoshops Hilary Rosen into Million Dollar Baby. (what can't she do!)
When the 'shuffle all' button requires no skipping of songs the whole trip home.
U r all little Angels from Heaven and I promise I will help all that I can so that u don't go a day without food. Dogs Rule.
It's really hard but gives you a good taste of what law school is probably like.
RIP Donna Summer...LAST DANCE!!!
gentrification is pushing them towards the east?
I saw your hands moving around! :)
listening to talking abt educating your customer on all the value you can provide, not just the immediate need your customer has
I meant Corona!
Can't believe I missed you!!! See you in Seattle!
Joel Stave is 1-for-1 - completes a nice 13-yard pass to Chase Hammond for a first down
Yeah. Dunk contest dunks are just tricks these days. Blindfolded dunks are for halftime shows and mascots in gorilla suits.
Not a bad start to the day. Sitting in class til 1045 then off to the brewer game later
is there a
Hey Jesse! Thanks for the follow & the RT!
Wow...he is fast.
you stole this tweet from
The shower I took <U+E420><U+E402>
Normally I wouldn't think it matters. But I don't trust many American people as before. We'll see if Obama pulls it off or not.
Quite annoying..
Let's keep it rolling, Monday is looking promising
DC: DC: I HAVE THE HIGH HONOR AND DISTINCT PLEASURE IN PRESTING TO YOU THE MAYOR OF DC THE HONORABLE VINCENT GRAY!
Many thanks to for all your support w/ March of Dimes "Dancing for Babies" on 3/12! (Just recovering now from the Samba!)
eating and drinking. 4When he lies down, note the place where he lies down, and go over and uncover his feet and lie down. He #Torah 58/99
I hate that you're sick :(
follow her now
... the other thing is using SSD as an extension of cache seems to be an easier solution
it's been amazing stuff
Hope to be in Perth this summer--follow us on Facebook and Twitter and we'll keep you updated!
Trying 2 figure out what 2 wear 2 the event tonight @ the Wildlife Refuge Center! There's an "Under the Sea Theme." Any ideas?
So sorry to hear that! Please let us know how we can help!
We finished our season last night and now we're geared up and getting ready for our 30th season! You won't want to miss it.
I'm not. I have tickets elsewhere. :)
Not for that shit, GCB, though!! Haha RT : Laker Fan's mentality "there is always tomorrow".
First person who sends a pic of their dirty car wins a Canton Car Wash gift card (could be worth up to $100) - include
Ignore her let her think she's a directioner others will take care of that:)
Wonders how many of our followers are registered bone marrow donors...Are you?
I'm fine.. Wbu?
This Mothers Day, celebrate by being really encouraging to me and telling me to follow my dreams and stuff.
If you are a PROUD MAHOMIE then you will make this a trending topic!!
Leah is, but are you looking for a general CronkNews account?
I can not get woken up today! Ugh
i don't like you anymore.
I cnt take these niccas serious in these baskeball shorts and slide ins!!
Beautiful weather to run with the group #blackgirlsrun.com check it out :)
in life you cant do nun but try man!
Thanks for the retweet Jessica! All the best, Danko.
Any interest in scifi-ish stuff? China Mieville is the best ever.
A giraffe can clean its ears with its 21-inch tongue
we'd like to invite you to attend our Builder Exchange event - it would be great to get your insight there.
thats between me an my test suite ;-)
Be the author of your own horoscope, goodnight
You must be enjoying this. LOL :) Hope this is your first experience. How old is your baby now ?
good 4 u RT : proud of being contributor to ! Most ballsy group of pro's I've been around! They took a chance! Thx!
Advocacy for the Obese? What about the backlash of obesity being accepted? Awareness, society wake up and make a change!...
Really can't wait for , holding off on opening any new accounts until they open up!
thanks for the follow! I'll check out your blog and wish you well!
Best of the new design books: #Undecorate & Design Sponge at Home. Skip this: Decorate (a bit stuffy with a very poor indexing system)
RT FYI RT : Snow showers now in the forecast for Sunday (30% chance). High of 37.
Never invite someone into your heart if you don't intend to let them stay.
the malaysian but I'm just looking for quality curly hair that can be straightened n still curl up.
Eight Minutes.
THANK YOU this morning after 2012!
Thanks so much for the mention, Eri...if I didn't say so yet:-)
Dear girls, SHUTUP!! .. enough said(:
Suck my dragon balls, bitch, call me #Goku!
Gonna drink Gonna party all night long No job and No sleep
If you like all time low you'll definitely like us. Check us out. Facebook.com/johnnyrockette and help spread the word :-)
Home prices rose 3.6% in the second quarter
Ok the real reason I'm interested in #linsanity is he gives us non thug #NBA fans a non thug to cheer for
A<U+2660> RT : +RT : Good people goin great places, it don't happen over night...it takes patience.
Did TV taping today with member at en espanol
Let's see if this liquid sleep aid works
Thank you so much! Was nerve-racking and fun all at the same time =)
Just got out of a ticket, great way to start the day!
I hope you folks know the level of softness happening in T-shirt technology right now.
Beautiful performance by Itzhak Perlman and the last night.
It is impossible to see two worlds.
the one you let slip away
Found a local pro on Economic Education -- . Published a book on personal finance. We've got a great piece of that puzzle!!
Kindle fire = ok (on it now). But I only like it b/c I unlocked full android. Hard to beat new ipad. Also ipad2 is now cheap
": loox like sum rules will hav to b broken lol" ;)
So the lock on my mail box was changed and Post Office has no record of a change request. I'm in limbo and can't check mail.This happen 2 U?
2 favorite soccer teams play today: Chelsea vs Barcelona. Spot I lived (Chelsea) vs spot I had my honeymoon (Barcelona). Pulling for Chelsea
Watch me on FOX tomorrow to get All The Poop On Potty Training
....feeling lost hurt disrespected and confused pissed and mad and i just dont know what to do
Passing six flags!
For everything!
received a Rosetta LeNoire Award nomination for Diversity from Actors' Equity Association!
That blonde girl's voice is WAY annoying.
Static cling is third only to panty lines and camel toe as the most annoying fashion faux pas.
Attn Job Seekers - Don't forget about our job fair tomorrow. 9-4 @ the Westside Doughnut Factory. Bring your smiles & resumes!
When you're tired but you can't sleep..
check your Dm!
#IdRatherHave Bad Times W/ You, Than Good Times W/ Someone Else<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Man, Mark Twain is always posting his own quotations on Facebook. The man is brilliant, but it's a bit annoying.
Do you know the classic and dirty and old joke about why Dr. Pepper comes in a bottle? (you're discussing?)
What happened?
It's anime convention weekend. Makes driving through downtown super interesting.
soon - send me an email. we'll make it happen, but let's make it a beer :)
Lucky Fan to Walk Out with Jim Miller at UFC on Fox 3: Fan&#39;s Look
Yesterday. Go there and ask the girls. Rumor has that he was "on a project". Wonder if it's Restaurant Impossible in Rdg!!!
Little rest before hitting tha stage @ Martinique Jazz-Salle aime Cesaire in Fort de France,w George Cables,Ameen Saleem,George Fludas
i wanna STEAL ur whole avi pic look...luvin the colors and that NECKLACE is FLICKIN' ;)
Love your blog ! Following you now! TKS 4 the RT, follow me back? thanks
Hi Bobby! How are you?
Congratulations on your graduation! It was great to see you today.
“: I have officially run out of ideas for dinner. I'm going to stand outside w/a bucket, whatever falls in it..I'm cooking” [hah
his new show is not very good. Summer Heights is so good I'll forgive him.
yeah I usually do
remind me again why I got a hot coffee?
I smile as it burns.
Peyton is coming back out!!!!
Deleted my 500 tweets from the last 10 minutes to ariana so I didnt look like a freako spammer........
Shout out to my big bro! ;)
#BigRichTexas makes me sick.
Tis the season....time to get out there and find the perfect gifts, buy them, wrap them and ship them out!!
are you as scared as I am of this tough talk? I'm shakin in my boots lol
I don't want to be afraid to be myself. So i'm not. :) Not anymore <U+2665>
i miss Bart Maple... :c
In holding pattern over - It's always something when you travel. Drinks anyone?
Night My Darlings
We've got NEW MENU ITEMS too! Its a good day!
Director of Telling What To Do! Kidding! Digital marketing manager, fancy, no?
Feet r killing me: walked to Cannery Row and back. Nice walk, bad blisters. Shoulda used a bike. Wah.
Get my cap and gown tomorrow (:
Mr. Roker, people on the west coast need to know scrapple!
Start living your life intentionally, rather than randomly. Don't settle for the default setting.
Any thoughts about micro-managing projects? Pro? Con? Undecided?
Again, a big THANKS to all who greeted me on my special day. Turning 17 was azaming! :) Goodnight!! :))
ta. I can't take any credit for him or the box...it was beyond my control. But he didn't seem to mind.
I don't feel like getting ready <U+E410>
I've noticed a strong correlation between white framed Ray Ban sunglasses and total douche bags.
Can't get enough of #angeldown cd. PUMPED for the new record.
waldeinsamkeit (also: I miss you).
#Quote2SpinBy <U+E148> It took Leonardo Da Vinci 10 years to paint Mona Lisa. True artists never give up! RT
RT- can't live a positive life with a negative mind/// Aint that the truth, sista! What have you been meditating on lately?
Who username
That moment when you realize just because you tweet celebrities, doesn't mean they'll tweet you back. Just happened to me. Yea.. I'm weird.
Tom Lynch is so good. You gotta see this kid.
Capital metro buses are superior to the UT shuttles by many orders of magnitude. Having a seat is worth the extra wait time.
hey matt. good luck out there try not to kill i'm sorta a big fan of his. I have to see him in concert first!
Just be happy
Why Wont You follow me???
The tbird can't go more than 200 miles on a tank of gas. Haha. Just discovered this. It just ran out of gas. Ha
lol yeah me either
Lol, I feel like I'm grounded. It says I have 14 hours left on my blockage! :O
Are you going to be coming in to see him tonight!? :)
Hey commuters, it's National Walk to Work Day. Tell us if you decided to dump the pump and hike to the office today.
Nothing better than when Harry met Sally
I'm pretty happy about & featured on Check it out!
It wasn't hard, I got her open without them yellow rubber gloves ...
weird.. I'm following so many people I wouldn't be able to tell that :P
I'm pretty sure the Celtics have a two-rim-hit minimum on their three-point misses right now.
Time for a nice long jog
Thanks to and I feel like I'm at #ITC graduation...getting the sermon from my couch!
Forgot how fun this charlotte-to-cleveland drive is.
#kids iD Tech Summer Camps in Texas held at SMU, TCU, and More! at Southern Methodist University, Thu, May 17 9:00a: Love gaming,...
I'll see you guys there's - come learn/ask me questions about alternative funding (Kickstarter) at 3:30...
My New Club Bangger "Get-It Get-It" Is Nearly Complete I'll Be Releasing It On Memorail Day Weekend!!!! -Breeze DTA-
no I'm self taught
$20 sangria bottles, $20 sangria fish bowls, and $5 hummus & guacamole. Looks like your Saturday just filled up.
Great rehearsal for MIT's Tech Night (Happy 150th!) with Tom Scholz, and Ellis Hall for the weekend-- it'll be a great show! Now for a nap!
RT - The Miami Dolphins are going to win this afternoon by the score of 26-10. Mark it down.
always going to be about football!!!
Johnnie Walker Blue Label is blended to recreate authentic character & taste of some of the earliest blends created 19th century
I just thought that exact same thing.... 100% chance RT I predict will play some Kirk Douglas clips tomorrow.
the shit they be askin me to try be akward because they kno damn well they ain't gon ask for that shit sober lmao
I had no ideal that u were a boob. Sorry
Thanks! Glad for no data loss. Maybe future downtime impact could be mitigated with an "export folder / all" feature?
Soups of the day: ravioli Florentine, tortellini brodo, Chicken Pastina, Minestrone, Chicken and Orzo Pasta, Beef Barley!!
California grape prices rise Californian grape prices are expected to rise significantly this year as demand continues to exceed supply,
Just write your check now old man - your #ChokingSperts have done it again.
Stay safe out there! We need your tweets!!
I texted my love saying he's a stinker and Rachet hoe & he said if I'm Rachet I'm obviously Rachet don't hate appreciate us rachet hoes lol
Never understood why the NFL feels like they need to include all this extra entertainment. The game is enough. Let's tee it up.
Fun Fact of the Day: The world's smallest mammal is the bumblebee bat of Thailand, weighing less than a penny!
I bet they -- I bet they don't think they will get called on it.
they got any one<U+02BB>s that aren<U+02BB>t squished?
Penny Bigger better than Groupon:
I'm on it. (think I did from iPad but will do from Mac ;-)
These two near me are pretty much doing it in front of everyone. Too much PDA. Please stop.
spilling a brand new bottle of nail polish until it's empty >>>>>>>>
#ThingsIlove when your boyfriend makes you made and to make it up he hugs you and give you a kiss and say he is sorry
zoom zoom zoom you make my heart go boom boom. #supernovagirls happy 21st I love you
Chicken. It's what's for dinner!
Job hunting = stress-inducing. I think patience is key. The right position will find you, I promise!
School Pride's renovation MS: How disappointing that Mayor Villaraigosa couldn't maintain eye contact w/ the parent : (
at like the end of the row near the door , but Jordan is kinda close to ya .
When I Talk To You On The Phone Late At Night I Like To Fantasize That Your Dressed… In A Snowsuit…With Goggles…Driving A Dog Sled Team…
Shreveport BossierCity May25th! im ready ill be so close to home!
I almost hit that traffic, hopefully everyone was alright
": I absolutely love Michael Strahan on !!!" What sport and team did he play for during his career?
Can Small-Scale Compost Entrepreneurs Circumvent the NIMBYs?
#10thingsaboutmyself 1. I'm in love with my bed. It's my best friend. Without it I don't know what I'd do haha.
I've wanted garlic fries all day
May the fourth be with u!! Lol
8 yr old shared his cold with me which means I got to spend the afternoon reading in bed guilt free. #silverlining #Amreading Charming Billy
I do believe we have ourselves a mambo waiting on us at the restaurant.
Tip of the day: if you feel that you have lost your mind then alls you got to do is go find it.
me and kids are picking up Lo tux tomorrow if u wanna ride? Lunch?
heh. Thought you meant 5-8th floors at work!
Have been offered few fiction jobs by people who know what I do, but lack of prof'l exp made me decline.
i don't speek chinaese ass hole.
today would have been the perfect weather for the beach party :(
Yeah that's gonna solve your problems . Tweeting about your " best friend " .
So don't tell me you love me
Deleted TextWrangle and all my files now open with Textmate
Stunning Ignorance. Tucson School Board member interviewed on - referred to Rosa Parks as Rosa Clark + much more stupidity
do you like one direction?? c:
we'll have to look that one up.
Who's seeing The Avengers this weekend? We've already got our tickets!
100th Tweet & 150 #Beta Test Subscribers! Secure your spot by retweeting, "liking" on Facebook or adding us on LinkedIn.
Thanks so much, you're great
Guess who never has to take another economic class the rest of his life.
Roberts and Doucet should be able to fill in Breaston as the WR2. Stuckey seems more like a WR3
I feel bad when I take him to Grace's practices because he wants to play so bad. This way he can.
create a program for choreographers to visualize their pieces before rehearsal.
Appointments... Meetings... And more meetings... You gotta love these days :-)
Sending one special #FF to You should follow b/c she's that awesome.
Dude, happy BIRTHDAY!
A one eared girl put my on to this place.. I cant seem to walk away from.
Having caring people near or making meaningful contact by phone internet etc amounts to special health insurance - make healthy contact now!
“You, yourself, as much as anybody in the entire universe, deserve your love and affection.” Buddha
“: Petri Douche: A place/location where a lot of douchebags are known to congregate.”. JB - stealing this!
is the dumbest girl in the world....
Old School Salsa at Madrigall Tonight!$5 cover before 10:30pm $5 cover all night if you check in with Facebook mobile!
Oomf talks about oohf a lot
I'm not receiving calls directed to my is there a forum topic that addresses this? I couldn't find one.
You're like COMIC SANS in a world of TIMES NEW ROMAN.
cake decorating is some hard shit! Just ask
Just to play it safe, stray dogs should stay away from chinese restaurants..
Got my snacks :-)
Bible stories are not always literal, but contain metaphor etc so you can be true believer without being fundamentalistic
We have been working for months on this summit. Come show your support and enjoy the event.
Mentally preparing myself for today's day of rehearsals and ending with a performance.
Apple just announced officially the next gen iPhone!! It ships Jun 19th 32Gb storage Now you can buy a iPhone 3G 8Gb for $99! WOW
GOOD LUCK!! I really enjoyed your portrayal of Maxie!
naw I only had a few before I left work
Tragic day... after 12 loyal years I've pulled the plug on #Palm. Finally forced to get an Android phone. RIP
Remedial gardening work done just before rain onslaught. Stuff grows quickly in Seattle.
why u still on my dip. Niggas always need to say my name on some random shit. the circus is in town.
Our pleasure. Thanks for the follow!
“ “ haaahaaa , obama supports same sex marriage .””
We had 3 days til out last workshop performance of #AFT! Can we make it to 1500 followers by then??
You're welcome, Baltimore. My assistant just pumped out 17 pushups.
cool. How do you undo the location thing though? Lol
Make your RE queries do your work for you when planning marketing strategy and scheduled emails
Christmas is coming right around the corner. Hoping to get those leather shorts I've had my eye on.
first lime-green smoothie in the new blender. it was delicious.
i really need a tour around Dubai!!!!!
thanks for the Follow Friday mention.
I was just playn but u no who I was talkn about!
RT : RT : RT : Is your network ready for #cloud computing? Let's discuss the challenges: |...
R.I.P. Trayvon Martin
#Shakeitupfact Bella Thorne is actually i real blonde she dyed her hair Red to play the character of Cece Jones
I shoulda been a track star.... Gosh these people are super human!!!
How I know I'm really a parent: ive honestly feel like crying about the fact that I will never get the house clean again.
Today is a perfect day to bake a cake and spread some joy.
what? no love for me?
Library being discussed in Council Meeting...
How is that not a technical foul on KG? I think that is the longest I've ever seen a player hang on a rim.
Yes Madrid lost!
Seems like a lot I'm going to have a lot of photo shootsis happening in April. I'm just going to keep moving forward!
There is no telling how many miles you will have to run while chasing a dream. ~Author Unknown
When people punch each other in the face, does it really make the loud sound that they foley into movies and television shows? Or...?
Have you been masquerading as a man with a reason?
- prob not coming out of rush chair retirement to bring to the #Tau Dome.
whats good, i wanna submit a song 4 the mixtape hit me back asap
Happy Intergalactic Star Wars Day!
Rob Dyrdek is uncomfortably unfunny.
Great #twitter news!!!!!! I just got my 600th follower! Thanks, followers! Special shout out to #ECET2 followers. Teacher Voice Movement!
why would anyone have a pet baby monkey? do you know how strong a baby monkey is? It will rip your ear off and use it for a chew toy
executing on your great ideas is more important than having them.
- All I needed was one more field goal :( </3
When in doubt...research!
My hubby woke me up early bc he wanted to watch a race. I sent him to Starbucks. Happy mothers day!
is thrilled to be writing, producing, and directing the revenge action genre film Blurred Vision this summer.
I hate to replicate the experience of live tweeting an event. SXSW was not a fun week to be on Twitter.
Woke up at 4 AM on a Friday because I am so excited about a morning workout and clinic tonight. Tell me again that I don't love my players!
Happy Resurrection Sunday to All!!!
getting hooked on BMW
just tweeting, what about you?
great! I'll email you sometime soon! :)
yay! on board w tech wrap-up from ala midwinter
Happy birthday to you too! Do it big!
Breakfast at McDonalds!
It was my pleasure! Can't wait to get together again! BTW- afternoon meeting was hilarious!
kisses see ya tonight
be different. #change. Hahahaha. Get it?
This is my 6th time trying to do my nails if I have to redo them again I'm blaming the nail polish :|
No. It REALLY SUCKS now.
By the time someone finds a greener pasture, they're usually too old to climb the fence.
Celebrating bro-in-law Kent's birthday @ Rodizio Brazilian grill, meat lover's paradise.
If only locals were first class objects we could import all of the properties of the module (see Io language)
thanks for adding me to your list. I feel honored being linked with the names on your list.
so tired of Christmas shopping...I love Christmas but I hate shopping! Freakin kids keep changin their minds on what they want..lol
Sometimes I'm loneliest when I'm not alone.
Awesome! Have a good one!
Be content with your lot; one cannot be first in anything. - Aesop
Someone get me to #NYC ASAP!! Having withdrawals...
Today is #VETERANSDAY and TONITE is RED White &Blue Nite All Active Military personnel w/ Valid ID get in FREE! SALUTE!!!!
Welcome to Oxford Property Group, Scotty Mitchell. Live Long and Prosper!
If you lose focus on what is right in front of you and don't stay in the moment, you will lose that which you are "sparring".
I wonder if Austin is lookin at this tweet right now. Thatd be crazy! ;)
they aint about that life...
you do know Watsons in the mafia don't you? You shouldn't drink anything he gives you.
Q2) I think it is a little bit of both
oh thatz ell cummin from a really good singer
give back the money you stole.
My grandmother told me that I shouldn't go to prom if I don't have a date.... #Ouch hahaha
Business is good; we're busy like our friends at Dunkin' :)
prices ? Lingerie ok?
“: "are we plotting the path of mastery?" #Idea10”
Yep. It's the same old tweet about how many times a day I sing "Some Beach" to myself.
Good alley oop plays
breaking it down about how students can produce media to change their worlds
that was nice God will bless u
what is your favorite fragrance? Give me a name of a perfume or cologne
Fuel-efficient SUV option: 2012 Nissan Quest
I Cried when I got my first batch of samples from China in 2008. Great Experience, one of the best ever.
lol u knoww where I beez at lol RT : WHERE HAVE YOU BEEN ALL MY LIFE??
Sped through a dust cloud not knowing what to expect on the other side. You haven't lived until you've driven into
“: "My biological clock is ticking." - on why he will likely not run for president again.” // Is he pregnant?! :-/
Lunch with poppy
so this is how camelot burns
After listening to the Gregg Williams audio I now apologize to my ears. Mamma Mia what a tool.
#OTG #WEAREOTG #OTGLIFE Work is what it sounds like WORK, its not gonna be fun, enjoyable or great. Its WORK
Two days in DC. Happy to be home.
sexless patients, local loser, you, someone
Wow, great idea! The lemongrass and lime leaves must have popped - going to try this weekend. Love those bitters
better than Prozac
with the right personnel you can't bet against the Mamba.
Screw Tebow, he's not good, hes a wuss, and much more
Thanks for the MTs! Are you ready for a galley of the new book?
Love your positivity. Keep up the good vibes.
Yes! MT : Agree! Crawl before you walk for sm and #clinicaltrial recruitment but now is time to start
Diet and exercise help the body get rid of acidic wastes, but drinking alkaline water will enhance the process
If you miss a dunk because a little white boy almost packs you then you don't deserve a flagrant foul call
Aww, thanks, Sophie!
I had that song #StupidHo stuck in my head all night.
For a rich guy, sure tweets some useless shit.
Oh insomnia
He's perfect for me. But he'll never see it.
He that won't be counseled can't be helped.-Benjamin Franklin
Bored someone hit me up lets do something
At Costco, big mistake...so FRICKEN crowded & it just freaks me out seeing all these people eating the free food while they shop too weird
Wendy Williams u had on Bobby Brown on ur show. So what's the difference.
Awesome! What time should I be there?
Gd an you?
Thx for the follow! I love watching cats too!
Auburn just called, they also want to fake a reverse to me.
The good fight is the one avoided through finesse. -Walter Jeffries
If you haven't been to Summer Moon Coffee shop in Austin, TX you've never really woken up. Your whole life has been a dream...
I surrender. I'm on twitter. Whoever follows, I'll be following back. -Peace out to my Tweeps &BunB
6 keys to a good relationship: Friendship, Freedom, Honesty, Trust, Understanding, and Communication!<U+2665>
when twitter is full of trash talk <
Longest night is over. Here comes the sun . . .
'96-'98 had 104 wins and '47-'49 also had 102 wins in their 3 season span (UK has 3 of the 4 best 3 season win spans in Division I history)
You are so welcome!
I'm very sorry to hear about you loss.
Phantoms of Asia: Contemporary Awakens the Past « Asia Art ...
Pick up your FREE small Premium Roast Coffee from Mcdonalds before it ends Nov 20! ^Eugene, PDX area only
On CBA, Flores says we need to be compassionate and respectful. Need mutual resolutions.
Just currious, how old were you when you bought your first home?
SYRACUSE! Gunna destroy wisconsin this thursday in boston SYRACUSE! Gunna destroy Wisconsin this thursday in boston.
of course :)
pfhh i think so
AMC and like $8.50 or something like that
looks like gmail went through some updates! :)
Huffing mad car exhaust fumes right now!
u said cock tail
I should buy a boat.
Doodlebops is on!
Congrats & props 2 prdcr , + all the musicians on Prisoner of Love now live on iTunes, Amazon, etc!
I so wanted to enjoy tonight but staying home and taking it easy. Will eat wings however...a tradition ya know.
Thanks for liking my page Corinne and Tricia! :-)
All that matters!!
We'd like to possibly do a 1-on-1 interview/recording session with you. Do you have any direct contact info you could send us?
Wonders Wat Tomorrow Gone Be Likee
I didn't....you and several folks were "unfollowed" don't know why it happened?
You never hear people say "When I was an adult..." Is there no moving past that stage of life?
lol whatever happened to him?
Is there any chance we will see this so called super moon?
Set your DVR’s tonight – tomorrow at 8AM on TITANIC BELFAST, Belfast’s emergence of a shipbuilding powerhouse is traced. On MPTV 36.
Almost there... We've got a sidebar now... Now put the weather on the sidebar...
Don't forget we start lunch tomorrow 7/26 from 11-2...
will post pics tomorrow - great time. Come tmrw. Parking is avble in lot just north of mkt sq lot & on the str.
I hope you make Colton look like the asshole he is.on the live reunion
i have issues with the older & the younger camps in hip-hop...they're both fuckin up. there's a whole mvmnt of youngins who spite older cats
Do you know of any app I can use to invite my friends to go watch a movie with me.. or go have dinner with me etc?
#56 Bro, instead of living a live where you worry about offending people, live a life where your only concern is the Heart of God!!
LOL. it's in the fine print, we just unfortunately haven't been able to hire anyone who has mastered the dark side lolol
thanks bp ! miss you too !!
i have a lot of sz 9 Jordans I need to sell, I outgrew too many pairs
I L O V E the new video (im sure all the fans do) but , good job ! : )
To die by your side is such a heavenly way to die
Spending the next five days in Santa Monica. Working by the beach should be FUN!
Saturday 5/18 were tearing down Brooklyn at Rock Bottom! w/ Ghost of The Machine
so it's not that we forgot about you, but maybe we just got real sidetracked last night.
just went outside. it's getting... messy. and my dad and neighbors just lost power in queens.
so sad
A hot cup o tea and pound cake ~ enjoy the moments! Hi to Mom~ #feelthelove fr near Callaway & stay warm ;-)
people telling me to slow my roll, im screaming out fuck that!
I hope and expect that Joni Mitchell will be considered a strong poet of the 20th century.
"The word of the days is 'legs'. Let's go to my room and spread the word." OMG I FUCKING GET IT. A+++++
my mom AND my sisters do, well, practically my whole family gets annoyed when I talk about him!.(:
AND I'm a full-time senior editor at a media company. It's such a treat to find time to tweet!
A picture of Ian and Nina.... LOL
Remember to keep Tax Returns for a few years in case of audits.
thanks guys!!! love the ep!
Welcome and best wishes!
Kudos to for finding the craziest addicts. Woman who's addicted to drinking warm pee just made me throw up in my mouth a little bit.
Ramblings Along the Journey: Hippies, Protests, and Prostitutes
#overthesummer iv done absolutely nothing!
...is so ready to do fb like I did all my ex dudes...let go for good! Ugh...teach me how to tweetougie!
thanks!! it takes a load off my mind.
you're swell
RT Just got an update that Brandon Roy WILL play tonight!
stfu before I have to keep it real
Ah no call meh call him, ah please call mi meh sen him an him call me back cause mi P***y REAL GUD WA'PPUN!!
shouldn't you guys be using nonlatex gloves in your emergency kits? You can get cool purple ones! Who doesn't like purple?
I'm fine
Good luck
barely b on here
#30Realm will be performing tomorrow at #RockRoom in Polish Hill and at on Oct 30th for the #FadedIndustry Halloween Party.
Take them shoes off your teeth && quit runnin your mouth
Not a great start for Tiger. His second drive was into the woods
Ate more pizza than
Me too. If it isn't a live sporting event I am not watching ESPN. Period!
sorry I missed it. Heard it was great!
I'll give you my thoughts on Sulia... (click here for more)
girls who look like boxes in person but look like a cokebottle on instagram <<<<<<< LOSING
No I was in so much pain last night I couldn't breathe. Thought I was going to the Hospital, but I passed out. Still in pain.
I'm not in CA. Are you?
!!!!! RT : If you don't like Kylie you probably hate life
I went to my first Mavs game last night! :) Not a rangers game yet :( you have fun!!!
OMG. nick's DM to you<3 WHOLY JESUS<3 love ya gorgeous
So red! But I love the sun! <3
#thatawkwardmoment when you get really into your drawing in draw something ...
What was the last good deed you did?
Let them hate you continue to love
#Jaguars want to trade out of No. 7, but if they stay it's Fletcher Cox or Melvin Ingram or, let's say a surprise, Chandler Jones.
negatory. The girl is mine #TeamAwkward staking claim on
you can take me!
Oh Shit, Kobe did it!
What's more delightful than hearing urge us to talk to "John King" at the "Magic Wall"
Sorry - meant well over 100 PGP participants here
you know what Amani...
Thanks for the msg. Figured that was the case but had to ask. Wishful thinking.
Even if you don't care about the song, ya gotta admit...
Looking forward to hearing the recording of Graeme Jennings and David Tanenbaum playing my Fancywork from the SFCMP concert last week!
abbreviation for something boarder line unimportant?
Maybe you have a stalker?
The videos will be available in a couple of weeks on our Vimeo site.
We'll be tweeting today's event throughout the day w/, using the hashtag #culturalmuseums. Join us!
Digging Rick Moody on pop music in Pynchon.
Yay first track meet at home :D I'm so excited WE ARE GONNA DO GREAT!!!!!!!!
Happy Birthday Ang*!
Do Money Really Grow on Trees .Well Show me were i can reap the harvest Rt This
Must be a coincidence that Kane County (KC) represents Kansas City (KC). Weird.
This page will be deleted in 5 days! - Please look for the replacement - Jeevo :-)
Look Out for the Amazon-ian Sales Tax - Fox Business
My friend Sam is one of the best darn friends I have...and I've only known him for about a week or so. :)
Out with the biff<U+2665>
Im not coming back im closing the door .
the dude in front of me tonight thinks Sweet Caroline should be switched with Wild Thing, as it is at the Indians.
lol I know what u mean when I did the drive from there to fl I couldnt tell if I ever left lol
Javelins free live ep is going live tomorrow. Prep yo tweets!
Advertise your boutique as much as you can; do a grand opening of the boutique and promote it on a larger scale
Old jay z >>> that new fake nigga
ur welcome dont worry we all go through it and man i hate it alot
Even though he gets on my nerves at work
<3 thanks for coming! I had so much fun
You can't catch a thief but you can catch someone speeding! Ass
If you want a daughter like that then go fujking get her. Cant say anything in this house.
follow me< please
You think DOOSH is all fun and games?? You don't know DOOSH. Check out "the SONIC TONIC"
he plays for the Dallas Cowboys
Stand by music lovers, Van Edwards is ready to blow Bob and Tom away w/ the Commercial Free Work Force Kick off coming up 101.5 WIBA-FM!
2 diff teams. Same heat team too RT : Does no one remember this is the same Laker team that got swept by Dallas last year.
I luv birds
Thanks Matt!
Cinderella toaster that plays music when the toast is done, just what I never knew I wanted!
cool. How is your wrestling?
The Dream Ma Dukes Had About Me (n) :o
when brown recluse spiders hang out on ur garage and wont let u in <
Life is a contradiction at times - as are we.
Dear Lauren, Your The Biggest Fag I've Ever Met. Sincerely, Kailynn.
yesterday was the best day of my life. I will never forget it. I love you soo much. <3 (:
All govts lack compassion/sensitivity to human life. Ask the Pakistani villagers who are shelled if the US respects life.
yeah it does, bummer.
The Iast time I had a gut busting laugh was during a conversation with my Daddy, rest his soul. He didn't have to know you to make you laugh
A4: It may not be now, but if they don't fix this, there are a lot of parents today saying NO to kids wanting to strap on the pads.
SO excited about Erwartung at NYC Opera on the 27th!
what tasty treats are on the menu for Saturday? St. Patrick's parade fans want to know!
have you read the new book? It's hysterical
Big ups to Suffern hockey winning the NYS title. Finally got it done.
Laughing together is a powerful way of connecting.
#primaryschoolmemories when I still got to see everyday.. :(
I didn't knw there's degree for OSH. Is it a branch from Engr? R u seriously thinking abt it? Will be cool to b back school
who is the most inked Philadelphia Union Player now?
Happy birthday youre so effing perfect <3 you should make cupcakes for the team (:
Terrific weather at today for some practice. Eating a track dog and fries, then headed out to check out the action.
Hey :D
now you've got me trying to think of a good substitute for cat.
off to american apparel then target woo
RT : Need a Website Contact
Did you know Chanel No. 5 has sperm whale vomit in the ingredients -- which makes it even MORE valuable?
Told my Moma u want cho glass fixed she thought I asked her did she want her ass kicked
My jaw is in some serious pain today
Big demographic shift on Web btwn 2002 & 2012. Greatly democratized.
Great to hear! We'd love to know what you think of it.
Watching the golf channel while waiting for our food <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
foot surgery at 9:15 am. Had the left done in 2007, now it's the right's turn. I hope you're ready for some Vicodin-inspired tweets ;)
Intros and National Anthem before the #Pioneers take on the
oh no! I think is the outbreak monkey- it sounds like what I had last week.
Happy St Patricks Day! Happy Evacuation Day, Boston!
Thanking God for another Great and blessed day!! He is in control of everything!!
PRAY FOR CAITLIN BEADLES :(
Jefferson Starship - We Built This City
Congratulations to all the newly married gay New York couples!
Fall Wine Dinner tonight... WOO HOO! :)
My socks match my sweatshirt:)
Lift weights, keep it simple, be specific
Im going to put a star with my name on it in the sidewalk in front of my tattoo shop like the ones in Hollywood. Desiging has begun.
tomorrow. #paintthewall that is all.
yes! ride ends at Mahall's
what are you upto tonight!?
Score $3 off your Clear2Go bottle w/ filter by using the promo code C2G2WIN during check out when ordering off www.Clear2O.com!
does not have to work today!
come to america... :)
I always wanted to play in a game 7. My only hope is for to change to a best of 7 format.
Just saw one of those Vegas Know The Code commercials. Thought of and other social media peeps. Is it the right approach?
this is a fail... I get 10 X darker than this!! SMH at myself!
RT : proposed 2011/12 NV State Budget to close NV State Museum in LV, Lost City Museum & Railroad Museums in Carson City & Ely.
"We are proud of our reusable bags" "We love trees" "turn off electricity when leaving the room" -First graders
I'm not taking that synthetic meth shit again today. fuck that.
Off to the Kid Cudi show in Williamsburg...in a world dominated by trashy, bling-oriented rap, Mr. Rager is a breath of fresh air
hope things go better with your HOA mgmt co. If you need assistance on any projects or need to switch keep us in mind.
I am getting there, lol!!
Good one Will!
lebron was already announced as the MVP
why not?
Wow. Joel Ward. DUMB penalty as the Rangers tie it up at 2 with 6.6 seconds left in regulation.
omg oh no
Im glad im done w/ you and your life filled w/ drama.
I'll give you that but they're missing 2 important pieces. Myself and Ruffin! Myself and Ruffin
omg. <3 you're forever making me smile babe.
Yea! definitely let us know what you think.
you want to lick my tobiko?
#ReplaceABTRSongWithGilbert Gilbert is Ours
Commencement rehearsal was interesting. Someone had a seizure. Hope he'll be okay.
Busy day at Actaea Works...prom time!!
My mom used to complain whenever she "snizzled"her bangs. Fo' shizzle.
can this day just be done already..
Overheard at work: telling her boss "I would have to leave now to rent the helicopter."
Haha Yeah that would have made me stop listening to it too.
Clearly the team's current failure is because Belt walks too much. Clearly.
going to the movie theaters tomorrow with my sis and her bf and my friend Yari cant wait!!! :)
confirmed in La!
twitpic? Not on fb homey
The #BFDailyWord is - resile (verb) (rih-ZYLE) - 1. to recoil or retract - 2. to return to a prior position - #learn more
FREE RECYCLING EVENT!! Jan. 7th - 9am to 3pm. Lake Oswego Junior High School, 2500 Country Club Road, Lake Oswego, OR 97034
So theres no such thing as making your relationship "twitter official"
Definitely a night to remember...
sarah that is really funny!
Hope I feel a lot better by next week.. back home to Canada for a week because I miss everybody!
In the rain? Even more romantic <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0098><U+2728> “: you know how I do <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F> so sex? lol RT “: ay que romantica <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>””
Kidd and terry? What? Lol. We were tied for the 3rd best record in the west w/o zbo most of the yr. we will be fine
The moment when you talk to yourself and you start smiling like an idiot because you're just so hilarious.
er.... let's just say he's not the best dancer out there.. HAHAHA
He was at my bar at Tico on Thursday night
there are a few more up on my website :) I will be making more too!
Man oh man does dance a mean Argentinean tango!
i dont want shoutouts for this acct. can you SO thank you. i will give you 3 Shoutouts (SO)
crap all the investments they've made seemed to pan out
ha! Some #SLPeeps were talking about kids soaking gummy bears in vodka last night.
see you boys in about a week
why is that bad? :/ i saw her for my 17th birthday, haha.
I am around. Just let mr know when. Getting ideas from #edcampss :)
is in the house!
Or do we just embrace the role of aesthetic editing in conservation treatment?
SAC website! sac.georgetown.edu
I fElt so bad for Keisha smh
first dude of the night offered to buy Jim a beer because they thought he was the doppelgänger!
Frieze, The (Un-)Fun-Fair - Daily Beast
did u still want to jump in on Bertie Co NC? We moved past the Ed/Med Financials discussion pretty fast ..
I followed them you better give me a freaking cookie! Plus I'm driving you home so I think 2 cookies? Yes :)
!!!! RT : #cancer hates crowds... They need their space.. Back up!
RT : Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. - Winston Churchill
"Well-child" check-ups for my two 11-y-olds took hours. _Way_ more thorough than my own recent check-ups.
Absolutely. You should stop by PR 3.0 one of these upcoming weeks if you can free up the time.
i would go with the iphone case. A.L.Y.S.S.A.<.3
what about heroes?
Wondering if I turned the right way instead of the wrong way
Who thinks this is adorable
Now, hold on, when I didn't own a TV, it was b/c I was poor. But I do recall folks thinking I was pretty intellectual back then.
Having a dream is what keeps you alive. Overcoming the challenges make life worth living.- Mary Tyler Moore
I mean that's terrible he needs to ask for help
Oh shit.. No lol. But I did have a little something for you too. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
we got
Math teacher: "I have 5 bottles in one hand and 6 in the other. What do I have?" Me: "A drinking problem."
Thank you again everybody for letting me hang out with you all. :)
way to soon...
well the writing is horrible but then again these are her 1st books... I'm finishing them so I know what happens that's it.
#11 = Taylor-made ankle breaker!
If someone won't go to jail for something they do on social media, don't waste time creating a policy around it says
Today I may die
what a big,long,wonderful,special,unforgetable day ever!!!!!!!!!!!!wait and stand for 2 hours to meet ,so happy and excited!!!
Business casual does not mean you can wear that Marvin the Martian sweatshirt. Unless you work from home, or are under the age of 12
talking bees, dancing, nectar, and little kids learning science at Sweet!
Great material culture panel, moved over to 'Prisons and Palestine' to catch the end of Angela Davis and Gina Dent's talks.
Follow me <3 ?
i saw it on twitter and fb
Sunglasses: Allowing you to stare at people without getting caught. It's like Facebook in real life.
Wow, I didn't realise Roseanne Barr was running for president in the US! She's got my vote.
RT : Q. How do you incorporate local food into your school lunch? A. Harvest of the month items + school garden items...
Good morning!
#10MilesBefore10AM I just finished a 10.0 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
Okay all you last minute shoppers! We just got ten boxes of fantastic merchandise in and more to come tomorrow!
African Diaspora Watch: April 25, Wed, historical day in Brazil, the Supreme Federal Court is judging an action against Affirmation Action
uhmm i'm seeing you this week :D
Unsure how Mark Reynolds is a starting 3B in the Bigs.
IN THE STUDIO WORKING ON SOME TRACKS TIME TO DO SOME MAGIC #KROWNRECORDS STUDIO TIME
woot woot thank you & have an amazing Thursday!
Just got through dropping baby J off at school. ALL THE REAL DADS RETWEET! "LADIES STOP ASKING WHERE THE REAL MEN ARE BECAUSE WE OUT CHEER!"
hahaha okay.. And that's how I beat shaq
Your ruining my day </3
Aw man, really appreciate this shout out yall. So you know, senior year finals are a wrap. Graduation is May 12th. What a ride...
Thanks for following! Greatly appreciate it :) Have a great week!
Hopefully Naty and I see each other today. :)
: 103 main street at around 7??
oh. Sex much?
going to write a book about vigilante women dispatching unmannerly people. It will be called Slaydies.
#FF for their sausage city section. It's great stuff, keep up the good work
Javale Mcgee & Ty Lawson R killing it!!! Go Nuggs!
back at Everton for a 2 month loan. Very excited to hear the USA chants back in the stands in Liverpool on Saturday mornings!
Scan not a friend with a microscopic glass
Thanks! Now we just need t-shirts, baseball caps, and an edipmobile...
Bird flu juice
Check us out on Facebook. Get all the info for our 1st anniversary event this Saturday.
that looks like an awesome spread!
Working like a boss.
website and twitter profile updated.
Tomorrow is the first blank page of a 365 page book. Write a good one.
ohh I see u went to IC
BEAT LA. #CelticNation :)
Super stoked for #MadMen tonight!
Our society is in crisis right now. We need every person to be brilliant so we can heal it. -
RT : RT : I used 2 eat a lot of natural foods until I learned that most ppl die of natural causes
did you really just use the word rockstars?
:) Ha. I did briefly debate using Cutter Classification. He was my first library school crush, after all.
Jets got tebow
Who is a worse actor? Geoff Stults of #happytown or Joseph Fiennes of #flashforward?
Happy B'day my lady. Hoping that it is a great one!
if you take it... Have somebody record you!!!
You don't have "haters" people just don't like you. Shut the fuck up.
What luck for rulers that men do not think. ~ Adolf Hitler
Don't tell me what to do.
AUSTIN MAHONE :D
Getting on a plane to surprise a certain 8 year old with a trip to Legoland. (He has NO Idea)!!!
Music is my life :) I don't know where I would be without it
Have some SUPER exciting things coming up next week! Can't wait to share them with you!! :)
Highlight was getting K monger Ricky #Nolasco for 16$. His year last year is the prime example of why you can't judge a pitcher on ERA.
How did 0 to 1 inch turn into 5+?
Oh no! Not good.
yes. someone compared the etsy changes to the tsunami. I mean, really???
Ninja turtles movie is on!
We're not at the end, but we already won
RT Widening will free up street parkng and buses;ALL vehicles must be moved or be ticketed & towed;towing starts @ 2 am Fri
Great article from on analyst !
that was a Martin sheen thing. he's major pro-life.
Yesterday's home runs don't win today's games. -Babe Ruth
Thanks for the #FF!
Coolin with the bros at SigEp
Michael, you already have this position at a wonderful non-profit! :)
Soldiers Home recieves Landmark Designation! goo.gl/aut4S
A Common Engine plays for your vote at the Up & Under Pub tonight! 10:30 start! Most votes = #Summerfest!
you deserve it! The office is full of secret santas! :)
If indeed you must be candid, be candid beautifully.
managed to lose my upgrade due to "system" issues. Another dismal customer service experience. Not sure they get how messed-up it is
Lmao me too smh RT : I am just so fucked up right now.
are you serious? i missed austis folowing spree.. why?
I think I make people uncomfortable when I'm being myself :))
Netflex doing on thing.
if you quit you won't have to see her ever again so it doesn't matter what she thinks.
S/O to my big homie for recording his first playoff bucket tonight against the Lakers!!
you're Awesome Renee :)! with any hair color! but i must say~i prefer red :)! --- hope this made U smile :)!
The amount of pro athletes that went to college but actually sound like they didn't go to a single class in High School is amazing. #NBA Yo
Feels great to be a Heat fan huh?
Even as a TA I don't get any sleep!
Just found a beautiful old #Voigtlander Brillant camera from the early 1930s. I can't wait to try it out in #Iceland next weekend.
Finished "e"... moving on to "f" of the wedgwood archive.
I will never drink agian
Great idea to mention Facebook haha. Haven't done that yet today! Thanks for the support!
Great night last night, #wishitneverended<3
Kobe gonna make it and the all I do is win win no matter what is going to play
Latin America is at least a decade behind US digital culture. Huge opportunity but very high risk.
#WeirdFactAboutMe I have white rice with every meal and I eat with my hands . . . What can I say its a #Pinoy thing
The More and More Position Come my Way i get MORE&MORE #Turned Up..
God is good and his mercy lasts forever!
Best session ever. We danced at the end! Nuff said.
there is no way that is a red card bro...come on
I doubt you'll get the benefits of my doubts.
Today in #queertheory: Black queer studies w/ Audre Lorde, Johnson & Henderson, and Charles Nero's case study of the gay ghetto
Just finished the apology. Socrates was such a hardass.
Question in today: If you had 120 million dollars, would you buy "The Scream?" Not me. I'd rather buy a Picasso. Or two.
your welcome bebe
Happy celiac awareness month
look for 50% off your next invoice! Thanks for the business.
Fat, sick, bloated and full of chowder. Please pray for me.
just got my first tub of the aforementioned "fruit medley" from Trader Joes. WOW! These are dangerous!!
It feels like it's time for Haze!!!
I think you call your self the wizard because you make shit happen...like MAGIC!
so close on Final Jeopardy. My guess was James Earl Jones.
Keep Grinding Grizz!!
are you ready to join the dark side
I'm in trouble now- Ryan successfully climbed over the gate. Well somewhat successful since he landed on his belly (how does that happen?)
: Thanks for the RT. It really grinds me when people try to take away basic rights, like umm, the First Amendment.
That's a wrap on this day!
The wise never marry - And when they marry they become otherwise
you know it!
Breakfast with the family and church. So far its going great :)
welcome to the twitter land cuzzy can't wait to love on you next week at t-gives!
wanted, #interior #designer that is #CAPS #certified, in the market. Thx for spreading the word.
I think I got it! Hehehe
Reading up on #DigitalCuration before tomorrow's class. Can't wait to get this semester started!
I know, me too. :) Good thing there will be videos posted later to wordpress.tv.
Thats a good point! What's your favorite way to get a surprise for entertainment/books?
Income Tax Preparation Company that is going to take over the South Florida market.
Got to return a movie down the road a little over a mile. Trying to decide if I should walk or ride my bike there and back.
Trouble w/furnace airflow? A duct cleaning may reveal blockages.
For all things #Playboy, follow
can u please follow me?
Maybe I'm just thinking ahead of the game haha
How did I eat a whole bowl of rasin bran and not manage to get just ONE rasin?
I've been waking up early my whole life trying to get that F'N worm!!! Bunch a BS!! Aint no worm!! <3
Lets take pictures then!(: RT : I want to take tons and tons of pictures tomorrow night with everyone :)
Collect as precious pearls the words of the wise and virtuous.- Abd-el-Kadar
Jon Gruden makes me laugh
heading back to room for a bit. How about dinner around 6-6:30?
It would be awesome if postalicious didn't screw up the post date in the title every single time.
love potion #9 are totally my favorite! I eat them all the time and the chocolate covered cereal! =)
I strongly concur!! :)
Why when I am motivated to grade, leaving town & trying to get ahead of the game does blackboard freeze up. Seriously - unacceptable.
As a female firefighter, thats the term we use, but in all honesty, we're a bit less hung up on the name, we just do the job.
Defy the snow! Stop in and sample the wines of Johan Vineyard in Oregon. Speak with the winemaker. He's here until 7.
Should't have ever been in this position in the first place in this crap group. How do u draw at home in basically a qualifier?
Drove for 2 hours on the way home from Florida so my mom could sleep
Awesome job , representing the New York bus in style! Really proud of you guys. Go go New York go!
Another great clip Very true and undervalued In the age of ESPN
ya! lol ! were you just gonna go to go?
Los angeles i will see you soon :)
My son also has #hirschsprung disease. I don't know Dutch, though.
I Want To Be A Pornstar So I Can Make The Money Im Down For Almost Anything Hit Me Up
Media Education Lab @ Temple Univ has music videos explaining fair use
thanks, Rammer! I'm planning to go by the fair & check it out.
Extremely HIGH WATER on all 3 lanes of 195N between Broad & Laburnum exits. Beware &/ detour.
shreegrg thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
It's all about who you know. No matter what they say.
Where do you get that? Looks so good.
this is a Caldo morning! LOL
he's at that firm in Atlanta now.
It's all fun and games until you get shot in the toe... Then you're left with only nine toes...
i swear that is about ME.
Tampa FL
Connecticut Bound
Hugs 2u,keep up the good work
Had a good night with friends, now it's bed time! I need a new project for the summer! Suggestions?
I gotta hold of him but I forgot he has to work
Never eating again after that amazing dinner with Neen.
Not getting a good morning text <
As The Prez I hope. MT : in advanced discussions to star in Roland Emmerich's action pic WHITE HOUSE DOWN
Everyone loves 's coding music :P anyone know if he has a #LastFm acct so we can see what it is?
You have a great night also. I hope the aloha spirit stays with you.
Finally about to see #projectX. Then reliving it afterwards with in roch town
I could use some positive energy between 3:30 and 4:30 CST today (about an hour from now). Hopefully work BS shall be resolved!
lol did u pass out? 0_o
Oh my. I need plane tickets and to call off from work...
if we want to come an do coverage over it, how do we do so ?
Many Americans do not take their prescribed medications b/c they cannot afford them. We are here to help with
whats up brotha! How you been?
In 1980, CA spent more on higher ed than prisons. Now it's flipped. We can't sustain both mass incarceration and quality education.
I forget, how many fake Hulk twitter accounts are there now? six? I guess the only one that wasn't popular was Hitler Hulk.
NYT website: "To cancel your subscription quickly and easily, please call Customer Care". Really? How is this quicker/easier than online?
hm. totally. One day it will happen spread the word to your friends and we will be up there!
TIRED OF THIS SHIT
What the fuck u doing with ur life except fucking random women and staying in jail?
New name for the page: Crafty Goodness Cleveland!
whelp that's what I call him...( among other things ;-)
Well, im on my way to London, My brother is now in the Olympics ! :D I love my brother Marcus ! :) #StayMindless <3
Not enjoying the weather today, but looks as If it's going to be nice later on in the week.
watching the end of charlie st. cloud.. omg it so sad
I'll be sure to mention it to the guys at the VA next time I'm there. Lost limbs < paying higher taxes.
Were going to be at the all stars festival this year ;) passing out flyers and such see you there!!!
#stm2012 OA is just first target of eLife and will include publishing broad swath of science
grams.. I'm still alone trying to cope w ur death // holding my breath, wishin i had 1 more day // wishin you could be there when i graduate
so.many.tests.
What's wrong?
Thank you to all the men and women serving our country!
I have no drama.
New Krishna has wifi too if that makes any difference.
My foot still hurts but I wanna longboarddddddd
sweet. Besides that, I recommend Magerks/Mothers/Ropewalk bars in Fed Hill. Also check out Orlando's, obviously.
Have a great New Year Ford!
'Let's do it! (Duets commercial)' Heh, that's punny. Du-et, do it...
We're pumped for the #megamillions jackpot. What would you do with $500 million in change?
Redford White at Babalu =))))
dude did I not mention I have like nondiagnosed short term memory loss I forget things a lot Lol I just need a reminder
is this a Mad Men inspired purchase?
yeah :( gotta stack up on as much food as you can before starving to death at home!
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my dreams!ily guys<f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00A4>
"O Lord Jesus " Rom. 10:9; 12b-13 "..and rich to all who call upon Him; For whoever calls upon the name of the Lord shall be saved.”
Just ordered the last thing that I will need in order to prototype custom artwork card sleeves. :)
About to get a haircut!
thanks for the follow back! If u get a chance, u should really check out some of our music on iTunes, Facebook or Youtube! ;)
"Well, it's a great week when u find out you're NOT dead & everyone at ABC LOVES the pilot script, "Malibu Country" (via )That's livin!
to work
check out WiMAX Forum's new social media site: www.wimaxtimes.com
Correctish answer from my midtermThe only clear conclusion to be drawn is that Ted Dansen (whoever that is) was once tall and is now small.
There aren't many things that I can't handle....but this...I can't!
If you want to get in on an NCAA pool i just started one. www.NCAA.Eventbrite.com
Sounds like we're headed for a sing-off. Red Balloon on Thursday?
#Somewhere Between and #Elvelador were your #worsts? Check out my #bests and #worsts from #MFF2011 and tell me what you think.
Feeling like a square bear? Get a tattoo. Or 3.
Carl Schurz~ Our country right or wrong. When right to be kept right when wrong to be put right.
I don't know which one you had, but I downloaded the 38.2.
Hey Tweeters! What's your favorite form of exercise?
Tonight in Philly, Bruce Springsteen played Dancing in the Dark and pulled his mother on stage to dance with him. Amazing.
How do I tell you I care about you without seeming to clingy.
Thanks! Me, too. RT : I really like your character on TW. I see a lot of potential in the future for him :)
steroids tend to help
Playing a 60 man live tourney tonight. Buying the wife in too. Her largest buy in tourney ever. Hoping we both hit some
thanks for the follow markie!
should be dropping some more news on you all coming up in the next week so stay tuned!
good morning and prayers to buffalo families
Later twitter, time to hit the hay.
You're welcome!!
I'm tweeting from my new palm pre :)
It is so easy to measure ourselves by world standards and opinions... What if Moses, David, John or even Jesus had???
I give the high schoolers a lot of credit...waking up at this hour is not easy. Driving Abby to school....<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
Apparently Nevin Campbell made 930 million dollars in a Fonzi scheme and gave it all to the National Hurricane Center
has been freaking out all day over this KU UK matchup. If KU doesn't win he may drop dead
i haven't seen you around this nieghborhood in a while. #welcomebackToTwitter . now lets go back to tumblr. Its better. lol
happy birthday Rhyno!
this version of starships is not okay.... and i still hate alex from the glee project
show that every 15 minutes
im pretty w. alot goin for myself
Thank you babes!! I love you!!
Here come the students, let the busiest part of the day begin!
Day of farming before the dissertation defense.
Met my fu ture ex hubby tonight
Good times with lastnight. Beer was drank and Ukrainian words were grossly mispronounced (by me, of course).
LOL OMG I LOVE THIS!
I don't recall them having a feature in the past asking you to find the differences between alike pictures.
Been reading about social media strategy. It's what u say & how you say it that's important. What's your strategy for keeping friends?
Casey Anthony is walking the street. Troy Davis is walking to the death chamber. Only in America.
i miss you too and love you too :)
Have fun!
Go Follow She Follows Back
half asleep
I have no sympathy for George Zimmerman. You chose to shot an unarmed kid. Pay your own legal fees.
“: Please stop being so cute.. it's distracting..”
When did it become OK for man to act like women?
Today I’ll be recognizing Hoover High School student Alfredo Urquieta for his leadership as part of LGBT Pride ceremonies at the capitol.
Been a minute since ii been on here
m, snacks on a plane
Sorry #popcorn lovers and #foodtruck fans but is prepping for a big event today. We will see you tomorrow!
Yes! RT : RECRUITMENT TIP: Don't forget to send a thank you note within 24 hours of your interview!
Taking down the in-law's old chicken coop in trade for an awesome old leather love seat. And wine.
I got a NEW phone <3
because I don't give a shit.
What's the one book (or okay, two) you would ask a brand new, baby (college) actor to read? I'm having trouble narrowing it down.
: That's awesome! Wonder if we can get Coop's picture on some chips?
Only good thing about the rain is my allergies are at bay. But sad thing I need it to dry out so I can do yard work. :(
I thought so! Was just there yesterday! :-D
loves hitting the baseball at Fenway.
What's Good Twit Fam!! New Music on the Way...Appreciate All the Support, Stay Tuned!!!
If your word is BOND, be sure to FORGE your name in it. NspiredBy Proverbs 22:1
gonna lay down and watch straw dogs lol
day off today mountains of laundry and dishes to do +various cleaning. fun fun fun!!!!
blood usually does that
Just taught Jett to say "Burberry." :)
thanks its easy to make would you like to know how to do it
Had the best time at the waterfront.! Got one of those 4 person bikes and rode around. I got to drive once.!
Hey! I'm going to be casting for #DSix series, inc. a tour & shooting with ! Pass along the info & RT!
#evernoticed how people forget the great things things you did , but will always remember you mess ups
Thanks 4 your support !! Barrios to Burbs from drops in July. You should be able to preorder soon.
Uh oh kids! Look out. Nikon D7000 is now in hand and ready. Now I just have to learn to use the damn thing!
Chili. But oven pizza has got me in the past! RT : oven pizza?
Gobble gobble! In case you missed the news, we’re open regular hours today! Take the family to get shakes after the big turkey dinner!
Virginia Elite had another great workout today over 130 kids today!
It's not even my birthday, but he wanna lick the icing off. I know you want it in the worst way, can't wait to blow my candle out.
Apparently, skydiving can be dangerous. Who knew?
now following
haha yep.What has Austin and Alex been up to lately I haven't kept updated :p
You too? RT Sex is like pizza. I cry after either.
Happy Saturday, everyone! My humans mentioned something about "trim nails and beak" today. I wonder what that means?
get it, girl!!!
Worst. Day. Ever.
Just Googled "select text evince" because it works so bad. Third result: I hate Evince. Can I kill it?
r u still doin the edited VIP things
MTEL scores being reported today... don't know why I am nervous... could it that my career plans are at stake :-)
Received second round of edits for ANCH article...library here I come.
wait I saw that picture. I may have known one.
Seven more days and I can bye bye North Carolina
it's worth thinking about the NYer style as an attempt to replace rather than popularize. Props to LM tho for the Prag anthology.
Alterra or starbucks? That is the question.
#ILikedYouUntil you just de-followed me
2012 winner of the family Easter egg hunt!
Hopefully I'll make it out of the ap English test without being totally brain dead!
Burnt to a crisp
When it comes to business, act and ask for forgiveness later
The new #Nexus pro 2.0 smart proxy and pre-emptive fetch features look promising - very cool features.
Scott finna get his title yeayea
Talking to for the first time since 6th grade or something!!!
alright bulls, tonight you better win. or else this will be a terrbile week.
Willis: should typography be "visible" or "invisible" - polemics of text
Loving every moment of being me! ~ Kobe Ellis
Goose Island BCBS is out and in very short supply. Now on sale, along with FW XV at Andersonville Wine & Spirits.
“: Ok... If you missed #REVIVE12 Conference last night - u missed out! Don't miss out tonight 7pm! / in the house"
that would be lovely :) I'll come up to canisius sometime next week :)
Do not start a war but im Hindo I think thats how you spell it.
My rage is showing but do you have the balls to pay attention do you even know why I'm so angry at you
i love being childish to get sum1's attention :p
oh thanks btw for crossin the fingers I'm gonna need as many as I can get :)
thats all you need
Duh... I even tell other lazy people.
My tweets are gonna be irrelevant tonight so... Just bare with me.
Suddenly running low on people to scream at after Bears losses.
What else would you expect from ?
And I wonder where the time goes. Met #UPEILC this morn, quick dept. mtg this aft too. E-mail awaits for home. Time for kettlebells first.
in the short time since I calculated it, the gap between us has aged a whole tweet-year. just so's you know.
Help spread the word to your friends and family by retweeting our last tweet!
@ Salud 2night: last Wed&Thur of every month is Tequila Tasting Dinner! 35$ gets u a marg, 3 course meal-each paired w/shots & cocktails!
Thank you to the and everyone who attended this week's #MSMP event! A great night of #sportsbiz networking.
The first Region 7 APS application will be #120005 Indiana Plein Air Painters Association. Beginning at 10:00 a.m.
The amanda show!
"I'm drinking and I'm armed." Max Payne
guess things just got really crazy:( sorry you are all having to deal with this
I am oddly jealous!
Dancing PBR men in the aisles of the Fitz thanks to the spinning of #Wits is hopping tonight!
Oh I'm really regretting that ballet class I went to yesterday ..
I would like my free burrito now
EVERYONE CHECK OUT THE NEW "WHATHAPPENEDLAST NIGHT" PAGE I DESIGNED ON
#baltimore #snow accumulating. Time for a nap, so I can shovel later! Oy!
Working working working. On my way to the GYM. GOTTA LOVE ME SOME ME. Personal day of Health. Life has just been moving. WHO IS WITH ME?
For photoshoot, website, twitter backgrounds, retouching, and all graphic design needs HIT ME UP FOR SPECIALS
Trying to use TweetDeck. Confusing anyone?
FreedomWorks PAC believes David McIntosh is the clear choice for limited-government, economic freedom and to rein in out-of-control spending
MS Patch Tuesday heads-up: 7 bulletins, 23 vulnerabilities
follow me back?
that's hilarious! let's hope some PR person got the bum's rush for that one...
Thanks for the follow, Yetide.
Hi Randy, if you want to support Charity Water this holiday season, you can! With the pungle.me app. Check it out.
follow back and ur icon is to die fore
wait until you see people racing across the top of the pot-a-potties.
Hey Sorry! my last msg didnt go thru but I just hit u again
yes she did
I'm taking this week off to just get my next plans together. Operation Takeover is coming to a city (and computer) near you...
carry yo ass to bed !
sky diving? Awesome. Cherry's a bad ass.
in an alley!? that is creepy.....
I do love your tweets they always make me so happy <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089> x (hope that doesn't sound strange) <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><U+2764> x
The Internet is not working at home. What is a boy to do?
Happy birthday
on my way to the UX immersion conference in Portland OR,
IT'S -----> "cause all i knew was heartbreak WOAH" n_n shoutout?!?!?
in nyc for another killer meeting. have i mentioned i love what i do?
This is how I know google plus sucks. MCA is getting nearly no love on that shitty network.
did you notice that was in that movie??
Back at my fabulous Thursday night #chemistry class at #Towson. Could just as well be
The human mind treats a new idea the same way the body treats a strange protein, it rejects it. ~ PB Medawar
Wheelies: The Underdog Edition
I will never take for granted the fact that my family likes good music and each other enough to go to concerts together.
First wine: Argyle Minus Five Dessert Wine. Lovely.
Want to march with the ACLU in this year's PRIDE Parade? Email today and reserve your free t-shirt!
good point - the TL in my study really tried to give up everything not related to learning. Not so in every case.
Let's see where everybody loyalty lies on 9/4. Let's go!
#WordPress #Tools Corrector – Adds Google Spell Check to your admin area and can spellcheck in 27 languages.
WHAT IS HAPPENING? What are the scores? I have another 50 pages to review and do not have time lollygaggle!
Thanks lady! We're looking forward to trying it!
Ooh Somtimes i Get A GoOd FeElinG! Yea! I Get A Feeling That I never Never Never Never Had BeFore! yea
Will I ever slow down?
who gives you these cute little names??? Project pat, predictable pat now .....<333
lol I'm already back home
I like stupid movies, but that one eluded even me.
We are!! Thank you - you too!
Happy new yr
": Or there is a very small fetus in my hand..." Then it could be like Alien and the little thing burst out! : / haha.
I'm Scorpio, so I like the line of Scorpio designs
Dropouts are 10 times more likely to buy standardized tests on the black market than graduates.
Woman #working out in khakis mid-workday. I admire her #dedication. :)
Elo Komquat! How art tho doing this fine morn
EP13s, #16 - Tim Carrier and Andrew Rout advocate for better social media by Capital Area Food Bank - don't just inform, engage
Great seeing you at the Super Lawyers reception last night! Looking forward to that CBA lecture you arranged for me. :)
I would pop off right now but naw ain't no point in waisting my breath
Wed 6/15: Mark Towns Solo #Latin #Jazz #Guitar at Tasting Room 4-7pm
Tasting some New Wines of Greece
sent me a ticket....i need to find out
Let me put these in my mouth for i forget and fall asleep by accident
good people + good products + good service. One without the others is worthless!
It's 11:11! :D Time to wish for to follow me! <3
Stained Glass Hearts wonders if you'd help promote us in exchange for sponsorship and free products featuring the designs?
Haha I saw you too!!
lool it could....just too giddy
I'm down...if UNLV makes the semis, grind for sure.
Well that was not suppose to happen.....
I'll make sure to keep my distance, say I love you when you're not listening. How long can we keep this up?
then a week later they break up lol
thanks i will ;)
you're not that bad for a breakfast bar
Poignant moment at Elsie Stuhr Center when program participant gets up onstage and tries to participate in PHAME acting scene...
Thanks so much, hope you come out Feb 11 with let us know if you need tickets before it sells out!
Yeah. It's just one of those things.
you're too kind
W-S Council had three big issues to discuss tonight: Occupy, a parking garage and a rezoning. In all three cases, they voted not to vote.
": Looking at SWA plane pulled off runway to isolated area, flashing lights all atound, men in SWAT gear w K9s."
So true he throwing his replacement in next year RT Incredible....rex always throws them picks in the redzone...sick of this shyt!!!
Friday night, no surprise, your parking lot full. Attendant suggests we park at church. We do. Ticket. Hm, customer service?
It's been a long day with a very bipolar Tori.
YOU ARE MEAN. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
All psyched up for An Event Apart DC tomorrow! Will I see you there?
You know it was a successful shoot day when it was one full of screams, whimpers, and laughs. Check, check, and check.
Lmao very funny :)
Is it just going to be tonight? Or tomorrow also? RT If you're up north tonight...
RT : The most successful people listen far more than they talk.
Lol, really? I got them like a year ago! I need a new pair. My boots go through everything with me haha. <U+2665>
hanging out at my.barackobama.com, browsing user groups. i think canvassing is overemphasized. also, i'm procrastinating.
No! They're not coming to Washington!!!!!!! *tears*
honestly pauly looks heart broken but like their bestfriends
Fiesta fierce fashion show went amazing last night!! #NBA #sanantoniospurs player Tony parker was there! Very cool guy!
Yeah right,....and Obama's good for the country!
I stepped on a cornflake. Does that mean I'm a cereal killer?
. Thanks for the follow - are you folks on Facebook?
The McDonalds that I'm at ran out cheeseburgers.
More animals will soon have chips on their shoulders - Western Star
Medical College of WI featured on this Wednesday! Follow for updates!!
What uP people's
Been Working In The Studio All Week. I APOLOGIZE FOR NOT SPREADING MY KNOWLEDGE TO MY TWITTER FOLLOWERS
Want to know what is considered overcrowding? One person takes up 5 sq. feet. Take your total square footage, divide by five=total capacity
Yes, it makes one think, "Surely I need to own an assortment of springs!"
Happy New Year!
Front row at #sxbourdain with - ahh, can't wait to see ' Anthony Bourdain!
Working on a youtube video for later today... I have a whole acoustic mashup EP that I'm hoping to have up by Saturday
buy them from my dad! :)54& kedzie
Fantastic menu and dinner at The Bristol tonight! Thanks
If I had a nickel for every time I thought about being a mad scientist I'd have enough to buy a giant death ray.
Just did week 1, day 1 of !
Tonight a girl told me I look like a jazz flautist. Not sure if it was a compliment or insult.
I'm bored let's Skype or something :)
Thrill The World NYC . COM :)
ok then...goodnight Brad
thanks :) Im about to get checked out soon
AWW THEY LOOK SO CUTE WHEN THEIR SLEEPING<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
I told that I felt old bc I needed a nap before we went. :P
Mom make me go to school. YOU CAN'T
I don't read the newspapers because they all have ugly print
I admit to being the douchebag that's depressed for hours after my favorite team has a tough loss. #Mets bullpen SUCKS! Stop blowing leads!
I'm grateful for________.
If you ever love 2 people at once choose the second because if you really loved the first there wouldn't be a second
U sure? I can think of someone who will do neither which is worse?
just wait till the photographer's pictures come in!!! Hehe
wifi is not free. was generalizing about coffee shops. I thought they were going to shift to free though.
I am loving this idea of Eddie having an office. He needs a secretary!
You can't have your spliff and smoke it too...
You're welcome! I'm so sorry your trip isn't going so well either. I'm doing ok. Thanks. ((((Hugs))))
It's scares me to know how much weight I have lost and I'm still not happy with it
Glad 'Bama won. Colt McCoy and Tim Tebow are two of the classiest college players I've ever seen.
One more to go.
Come on FreeWilly2,The Magic of Flight & TheHills shouldn't be in my Top10. Only one you got right was NeverSayNever
if i win the lotto im goin to skool and cuss out #errrbody #every teacher janitor lunch lady counselor secretary police librarian specialed
#thegame coming back on tonight !!! :)
trying in July but I start my new Job then and they said I gotta train for two weeks so I may not b there til August :(
Phil davis!
RT : RT : Eating a cookie for breakfast because you're too lazy to make anything substantial.
Good morning! Join us for Group Reformer or PULSE at 8:30 and BOSU at 9:30...three great classes to help you start your day!
listening to #SaySomethin right now :) love it! New favorite song! :) love you! <3 10
Being real is like being a lady... if you have to tell people you are... you aren't.
Well, at least 25 percent are! Hoping another 25 percent can be convinced by November!
Hello Tori! Or assistant to Tori=) Wonderful news!
DeeJay Casper getting started at 7pm for our Ladies Night!!!!! Our famous Reverse Happy Hour from 7-11pm!!!!!
Over easter weekend my mom said, "I saw Jesus on a commercial" and she meant you. My mom watches FunnyOrDie. She's that hip.
So I'm not getting VIP tix because my dad isn't gonna spend 100 dollars and I don't blame him but aye I met them twice before :)
Someone named Donna is apparently proselytizing on Bond Street, and giving people my phone number to call. I have taken 5 calls already.
Man I be Thnkn Bout so much shit at da same Damn time lbvs
haha ash's words, not mine, but you're welcome anyway lol
don't get smashed lol glad ur back in a nug uni tonight
Did you do it? RT : I would like to say "thank you" to all the followers who told me to take Rodgers first overall
o_0 we are freaks .
My dog still barking from the #NYR goal
agreed! how you been?
Is it #roflcon or #rolfcon? Rolling on the floor laughing is fine. But rolling on a laughing floor => you're on LSD.
Please help me give my zombies (and others) homes. My husband won't get a better job and I don't want to have to get a "real" job.
You guys still around? Just finished a session.
Ima a sweet cancer
Emergency Room Doctors, Dental Patients and Drugs
Soul Searching returns on Thursday Feb. 16th at Berry Park with Guest DJ Monk-One. 8pm-2am No Cover. Soulful goodies all night.
I've been listed as "OLD"for the past 5rs too. Yours Truly, Greg Oden
I did not know that! I wonder who set it up... (Very well could have been me...) Thanks for letting new know! :-)
still waiting... :(
Ron Paul looks shocked and upset - I think Rick doesn't really understand his position.
Religiously follow all non-profits that are for #prophet!
I so want! Thank you for sharing that!!
Lying is one thing nobody teaches you to do , sadly it's in our nature.
If I sent you anything, it's spam.
RT : An unhappy recap for Bison sports today... Football team loses 3-21 to Georgetown and mens soccer loses 0-2 at Adelphi U
hottest gay places orlando florida at www.hgpof.com
Guess this kind of is like a really effed up high school experiment, but don't think you're supposed to bring your own egg
Sorry it hurts so badly! I love you!!!!
cute but simple always wrks for me. Ur smile will do the rest. Where r u meeting him at?
Surprised they didn't try shooting at the Papermill…
capital one banking's customer service is EONS better than dirty martini's service
I think I need to get dressed not sure about what I'm going to wear
Terrence Jones is playing like All-American. If he's this good not sure how you beat UK?
Tonight at - OKC's three bands most likely to suffer from heart disease will take the stage. Us, Two Snakes and Little Bear!
I'll be there. I've been practicing my raps too
Dance for yourself, if someone understands good. If not then no matter, go right on doing what you love. -Lois Hurst
hes a pretty good player. when he is getting into the match he is amazing ! but he gets the collywobbles on his off days :(
#Blazers' Chad Buchanan talking today in reference to LA's hip: "We have complete faith in our medical staff. Always have, always will."
Just heard a man talking to a kid "how many quarters are in a dollar? Exactly, 8." I'm concerned for our future...
Met a band of Canadian Burlyconners who asked my burlrsque name. How's Dusty Fingers grab ya? # burlesque
Many succumb to despair and fail without knowing that they really possess all the tools required to acquire excellent wealth.
First day back to work! getting used to the feel of my mouse and keyboard again...
Rangel solicited corporations with business before Ways and Means to support his center at CCNY
Got a long 4 months ...
Sick during tech. Ugh.
Just used Yelp's monocle feature on my Android phone. Cool for someone with a poor sense of direction and a desire to research everyrhing.
ok i will
of course, you don't have to go all the way to the dempster station...you can get off at Oakton...correct?
Haha yeah. It was very hard to run in them.
Thanks for the follow and
yes ma'am--I'm retiring the BOCA playlist in favor of a massive a cappella playlist debuting sometime this week!!
let me find him hold up
Pros and Cons: A Fantasy Football Movie premieres May 17th at Angelika Film Center, Mockingbird Station JENNIFER MACMAHON GARRETT BESSER
New Years!<3
Adelanto board goes back into closed session. Board members give no response or comments on #rescissiongate, take no action.
should be no problem
To hear complaints with patience, even when complaints are vain, is one of the duties of friendship
you said kinda!
it's great!!!!! Shopping with mom and waiting for pops to get off work!
ur not it's fine
Me and taylors conversation right now, I can't stand her <3.
I invented swagger an I called it. Ordered me some tacos and enjoyed it.
oh, i'm going to ! no doubt it. lol
Yet the city is planning on building a neighborhood park on Home by Fairmount
I utilize the twisosphere 4 marketing our products and it works. Just cause it's free doesn't make it ineffective.
Im alittle drunk on you & high on summertime. <3
Happy 2 yr anniversary to - best 2 years I could ask for. Love you!
I wouldn't have known about it but for a certain 7 year old who got a little scared
Our Holiday/Customer Appreciation Party is December 17th - like this status if you'll be attending! RSVP on the event page as well!
Nice piece, Matt. Always happy to help.
Looking forward to seeing Train at The Lawn at White River tonight...
#packernation #gopackgo #TT #gforce. There is a God & he answers prayers on SATURDAY! Thanks Jeff!
Thanks - I am not sure - I was looking for a desktop twitter client which allows me #linkedin and #fb too -
I'm Just Vibin' Though...
you're talking about the Wayans Bros right?
twitter is better than myspace is gay
I don't even want to look outside right now and see what's going on out there....
What does it mean for a Christian to carry a cross? What types of crosses are you bearing right now?
“: happy b day bro all da way from da chi” right on b
Ooh Well *Shrugs*
How many times a day do you train for a fight?
It only takes a small amount of faith to get the job done!
since ur skipping out on the 2nd most important day of my life, will u be present for the #1 most important day of my life??
The bus ride from Glover Park to Hst NE really brings out the stereotypes of these neighborhoods
AGREED. Thank you. ": I'm sorry... Seeing 12 yr olds get slaughtered is not my idea of a good time. Just brutal. #hungergames"
if you miss anything in life, don`t fill your eyes with tears... it may hide yet another beautiful thing...............
I have to get 2 hours by next week shiiiizzzz
So strange to be on the outside of this; suddenly do understand the "why not at night" arguments! Wish I could be there!
7 student applications in 1 day... Hiring madness has started. Everyone wants to work in the library!
Thoughts run through me, your face appears everytime, missing you is all thats left to see
waiting for Book Cart Drill to start at 4pm Hall D
"The duty of the youth is to challenge corruption."
#ESPN announcers. Really?
NM Supreme Court is partisan in favor of the Dems along with the Dem AG who who have corrupted true justice in NM and the public knows it.
made the mistake of popping in downton abbey while I did the dishes... finding it difficult to get back to work...
Don't waste your time, or time will waste you.
The one reason I love having a convo with a bunch of dudes, they always have incredible sound effects.
Wow I just lost this battle
interested to hear what you hear back. i've never done it myself! but i haven't baked in awhile now :-/
Bella Thorne and her mom...don't know her name:(
Up n at em bright n early!!! the weekends finally here
No Surprise at all
fuck u! That was a bomb ass game
Our senses of taste and smell are often closely linked to memory. What type of food brings back the most memories for you?
#ShoutOut to the EXTRA Tall Homie :-) !
one of my favorite live concert pix ever. i've stared at this one for hours at a time!
lol, Dag i won't be back till the 28th.
Great #Spurs game. . .tough loss. Couldn't quite connect in the last quarter. Final score Spurs 94 vs Mavs 103.
Back to filling out court papers!
We’re Officially Official (according to the NFL Players) blog.starstreet.com/post/119550879… via
LeBron James MVP speech drinking game: take a shot every time he says "Um".
I have a exclusive for you Aubrey...Only you will be able to cover my 3-D Without Glasses product in Miami...
Rain delay already and were not playing yet.
I want to do this too! Would love to know about some of your fav recipes...
No matter where I go, no matter who I'm with, ill always think of you because baby you the shhh. #lilwayne<3
must have $ signs on their mind for the Pink Pony later tonite
Almost dropped the freestanding Heavy bag with a Roundhouse then almost did it again with the left aka "Liver Kick" 720lb Leg presses work!!
RT : One of the best times of my life was when & I spent a week in the Highlands in Denver #memories I love my figga!
Hahahahaha, Kevin Bloody Wilson ;) x Michael is pissin his pants over here. Love ya work, Frankie
I miss Mr. Deonte Long. He was my mans in Mr. Chambers class. He was so funny to me. He was always so chill. Somebody give me his number
Exhausted. Avoidant. Aware.
Do you have a different one for every class? Or a subject-divided notebook? Or all your notes smushed into one notebook?
Yes, that is also big as well. hahahahaha
Thanks for sharing. So many good #littlehouse childhood memories!
Great, see you here then. have a fun secret vacation!
hahahaha thanks!! that really means a lot! :)
Watching the ducks go crazy and drinking beer. Nice life.
Is it bad that laughed while watching Justin Bieber's boyfriend music video?
3rd best keeps entertained. Comedic relief is his forte & he's always in the market for new material.
Don't be jewin ppl ya know were not no waiters.
Who up LMP
Just killed a black widow who thought it was grand to call our book shelfs home.. I'm not havin it! lol
Doesnt the 1st experience always inspire the most fondness? So because I'm a #downtonabbey newbie, its completely enthralling!
say word...
Hugh's cookbook release party is in full swing. Come get yours!
Sure!! RT : will you follow me back on ? I'm flybaby0145663
Thanks .(: Happy birthday!
Facebook is stupid.
that's awesome!! Take over the ordering your friends will be in food heaven
I'm excited! Im doing the offering song for worship service in Charlotte! The song LOVE LIKE YOU about loving each other like God loves us!
And you're gonna want one! “: We're ordering three different shirt designs for from ”
It means we're being responsible and productive because we have jobs and have to get up : ) and we're old fogies
Normally I can sleep through a storm. This is not the case right now.
But I still put money in it every month but cut back last year b/c I thought the run up was over. 401ks leave us no options...
since you're going on tour soon you MUST come to omaha. it's been too long!
thanks! The downside to early spring wx:)
Just saw Ron Paul on 4 News Stations as I clicked the clicker. America is starting to appreciate the Freedom Message!
Thank you, crum!
Talk about a great afternoon. We pick up Nick Wiggins to cap off the best recruiting class at WSU in 30 years, and Cle gets AA honors.
I don't know shabazz looks kind of Terrance jones-ish. Might change his mind. Has he signed anything yet?
i can never eat a whole box of mac & cheese.. why?!
No one will ever understand me.
my hometown! I'll be in Fort Collins all day tomorrow. Where are you guys located?
"Austin Mahones first radio program ever!" uhmm no was...
Ah man. Like leaving a movie when it ends, and then finding out there was extra footage at the end of the credits.
# pop music teen band
Previous #architectvalentines via , "Love means never having to say your Saarinen." (also )
What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you
Playa del Carmen - I've never been! Anything to avoid a few days of winter. :)
Nah, that wouldn't help. He's still a bore.
Mock service today for servers and bartenders....as training for Balena continues!
We design custom QR codes based on your company's logo, image, font, and colors. Tweet us your QR code questions! We'd be glad to help!
Show tonight was great times! throws a darn good CD release party! Everyone get ahold of them and get a copy. Stat.
God bless you all today! :D
Is the giving smoke bombs to some hapless tube RIGHT NOW?!?!?
dont eat that. Trust me clark.
You're not a person ; you're a disease!
Dell Streak is awkward phone, so-so tablet [Review]
Keep you girl from bitching Make her cum, take that nut from her ass.
Just give me some space ... that's all I ask for
wow, you go girl!
my new years resolutions is to get this gangster chick to follow me :)
Time for a little STP. #GO90's
well, my girlfriend and I are playing old video games now. My life is pretty wild.
Lets Tuesday! That would B fun & we can also talk about taking over the world & start ballin til the point we have actual balls
Are there plans to connect the card to a mobile app, so that I can pay, reload, etc, from my phone?
My internal clock, always havin my back! Wakin up at 9am fully alert, Oh yeah have to be in a shirt & tie & schmooz at The Dearborn Inn!
alrighty, have him message me on facebook or something, or you just message me... lol just contact me
RT : RT : If racism had a taste, it would taste like
Hey Drummers- Alesis performance pad- Your thoughts? need something to keep me tight before start playing
how do you know that Missy...? :) but that is a little odd. What's his name? :)
Hey Laura! Looks like you are making some great finds in Cincinnati!
Apparently, Twitter misses us. HUB's like a game of Whac-a-Mole lately: as soon as we pop our heads up, we're hit with something new! Busy!
Oh Lydia :) U do look beautiful stiles ur such a player !
Keep an eye on Ron Paul. He will really grow on you. Nobody talks about the stuff that he does.
Can't play a player
Done with the tanning. Rushing home. Damn shake got my stomach bubblin. # THERUNS
I followed him as well, I agree delete the tweet but teams are so paranoid they make them delete the account all together
My mom needs to stop trying to play cupid -_-
idk alot of people said it's gonna be stupid and only last like an hour and a half
gosh darn it! i cant stop pouring the packet of cheese into the boiling water
hahaha! famous? that's funny.
- I'm with you on that. It seems like a headline you'd see on April 1st. Let's hope the testing starts & ends in New Zealand.
Miller high life, Jameson. ": What are u drinking ... Right Now!"
Listening to ELdersky
Good luck ! Want to get rewarded for your gambling? See how we can get you comps for rooms and show tickets!
hey Jessica! i was just jamming to Blue God your rifts are amazing...
Austin you need to follow this girl she loves you so much.!
travis porter best song heartbreaker
my point is, and I think you might agree, is that people aren't inherently flawed, but just trying to cope.
It's funny how a person can break your heart, and you can still love them with all the little pieces.
hey who does the vip bottle service for yall? Its my bday Sat and I wanna set something up????
Looking forward to hearing the report back from the Ancestral Health Symposium from the crew -
thank you sir! I didn't go in this one, NO floor at all. I meant to ask if your calendar arrived safely?
This moment. Awkward.
what a trip!
BEASTMODE RT Push through or quit. #occupygym >> 10 bucks says you had to look up the spelling of quit..
haha I love ordering in French just for the stank looks back.
Yet another game day is upon us, looking for 3 more points to move up the table. Put some work in today ladies
“: org. line off loading. At least my son gets to experience how shitty the #wmata is on his trip to my office.” welcome to DC!
you're my favorite! Your ability to speak your mind! Yes! Are you going to continue your journalism career?
You gettin excited?
wait til you drop...I'm at yo neck hoe!!!!!! Use that mafuckn @ sign next time scary ass bitch
#YouKnowICareWhen I tell you I love you with no problem at all ...
2011.10.09 #Brewers 6 #Cardinals 5 in 5th | Braun smokes a double / Prince puts it over the fence / Beast Mode has arrived!
Some of the #NATO guards look like they'd be more motivated to protect a Dunkin Donuts from a pastry heist than the city from riots
#herworld we know you will
Me too! So excited!
It is eighty-frickin'-five in the house. I may be hiding in my cool bedroom from now until August
Thanks for the #FF!
yess! I love it!
Aww. We love being a fave. You're our Wednesday fave
Thanks everyone for you kind support today: Bhana Grover, Ivette, Julie Caskey, Susan, Margaret, Rani Anne and Sean Clute.
Cast Parties: the lamest way to get a 'hangover'
RT : Good Luck to all my college student grindin out these finals
We seek submissions, columns, and regular contributors for the following categories: TV/Film, Music, Books, Sports. JOIN US!
Prints, prints, prints Patterns & such, But there is OnE print I actually like tht seems 2 be creeping back up, an tht is
#aaronrodgers is better then #Montana #Favre #Bradshaw #Brady #Star #Young #Aikman #Namath his gonna b the best #QB ever! Hands down
A #PISCES will fix a problem a thousand times in their head before the actual solution comes out of their mouth.
Dolphins-Jets....best game of the year in my city
Always interesting watching house hunters and while practicing house hunting.
post the link when you find it! RT : Now I need to find the mustard gate video.
It totally does.
Join the 's tonight for our debate between and . Tweet at me for more info.
Wow at clippers come back 21-2 run diwn three with min half left
Aw :( I hope it goes quickly for you then!
he coulda been evangelical.
Check thAt last tweet
their parents are BABIES
hope so, its dirt cake! Hope your burgers were good.
Ok hold on insulin shot time for my little patient...I'll be right back <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0089>
Why do I have this urge to cry but I feel no tears coming out ?
Majorette tryouts now
2 am in Chicago. Last final tomorrow. wooh(:
The pie is in martini/champagne/shot glasses, that's why it's a pie BAR! Geez Michael...
super moon where the hell are you? nyc is way too cloudy for any space viewing tonight
3 grades are in now and they are all A's.
it was Noah my 11yr old. He's good now.
Just munched a 'Bunny' road goodie worth 5 points!
You should be doing DanceBlue, it's basically 24 hours of Dance Dance Revolution. Same moves and everything. You'd love it.
what do you wanna do though?
a few hours of sleep always worth it when its music related
hilarious account! You made my morning
Up right in the middle of a dream, now trying to go back to get a little more rest go figure was in my dream. :-)
does this somehow negatively affect you, Matt?
FOLLOW ME HELP GET 1D TO COME TO NE!!!
I never knew that being a parent gave you the right to be irrational -_____-
This niqqa was like you live in Colorado you need a shirt that says Nuggets now...lol que chinge tu madre.
is picking up take-out from Green Leaves and looking forward to a chill night :-D
RT : Tampa prayer breakfast in a little over an hour. Pray that hearts are impacted & lives are changed.
#FF and two guys that danced with Kate Upton.
of course
We have terrific move in specials on our 1 bedroom apartments! Email us at for more details!
What's good brotha!
Shumpert defense on D Rose has been amazing in this game
love your website and blog! You're such an inspiration to all of us! :)
I guess I should start tweeting more! So here's the first one!
thank you!
eh what's up doc? We'll be shuffling around...idk all the deets, but every day, we'll b shuffling, shuffling
That just sounds so AWESOME!!!
what's good man
Rise and Grind.
I understand why critics complain about education not making a difference in building audiences...
Spending too much time on paperwork and not enough time on the floor? Call OCRA at 303-333-OCRA for your invocing and payroll needs.
Thank you!
That school isn't very good any more.
Great economic news. RT :250 new jobs coming to the Valley! Central Garden & Pet Co to open services center in
my "goal" is 100 followers, so my #followmebeard stays until then!
Kingdoms of Amalur: Reckoning demo is SICK. Can't wait to get my hands on the full release.
What is your best #PHR study tip?
It was a little while back... never mind. :)
no problem
next time you add a location like #exhaleAtlanta or #AtlanticCity, consider my idea for bed cubbies...have you seen Fifth Element?
when you play raw something with someone but they REALLY suck at drawing!!! #FAIL!!!
AAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHH!!!!!!! Is all I can say
The problem is going to be motivation. Nothing motivates the #GOP like fear-based social issues.
Hey Everyone follow aspiring actress She is awesome!!!
When you leave beamers and still wana party come hang with us nine72 after hrs right behinD beamers
Holy Jeebs, FanSided is back up.
What stays in your mind can determine your drive. Change your thoughts and get cracking. Go get it.
I'm always ready to make money brub :)
To know how this affects individual, depends where SCORPIO is: my 4th hse, affected my home/family. Keywords: opportunity, nerves.
Sick and tired of your bullshit.
Love all the smoking at the Cancer Society dinner!
that's cool haha thnks , so did Santa brought you anything cool ? Ha
I said the same thing. By the way, it's been forever since I last saw you!
Just got a shocking amount of work done sitting in B&N.
What will be really hilarious is when Franzen lives to be 102 and actually does have to witness The Death of the Book.
Real World is casting in Seattle!! It says that you must apear to be between 20 - 24. What do I need to do to appear 10 years younger?
RT : Go Laura ! RT : "If Chase can afford to gamble with 2 billion dollars, why can't we reduce principals for...
PLEASE FOLLOW ME !!! WOULD MEAN SO MUCH! <3 15
hey! I used to live there.
No matter how much the boyz say they enjoy how much their fans support, I still have those thoughts of them not even appreciating.
Que Viva Puerto Rico!
What kind of #Israel housing interests u? City neighborhood, Kibbutz, Moshav? Where would/do u see yourself?
Although you do it a bunch of times, there's always something satisfying about finishing a book you're reading!
Thks for all the Music you blessed us with. R.I.P GURU from GANGSTAR you will be missed. Okai Haiti
Just found us a roundtable prof who has tons to say about the (medieval) past and future of the global canon!
Watching 106 && Park!
#quotes I knew I was going to be a journalist, and that was it.. full stop.
Whelp, you just got me to google that picture.
The sun goes down, the stars come out, and all that counts is here and now, my universe will never be the same! I'm glad you came!
please forgive my ignorance but is "wobbling" a dance? If so
Me, too! RT : Excited to capture the essence and spirit of the Bhava culture today.
I wish I was an island right now
I've gotten really good at refusing food. It barely even hurts anymore.
they have nothing set in stone but generally encourage it because GPage knows how to run a railroad...
#Whatmoviestaughtme if something is all messed up and groaning while sprint-limping in your direction, don't let it bite you.
wow that's a true throwback lol
LOVE LOVE LOVE HER.
I'm an east coaster, and I first heard it when I lived in New York. That's just what people called the corner store.
i miss you to nigger :c & I'm not going to Chavez :\
The Concierge is a paradigm in upscale travel. is re-branding its #concierge service as "Navigators." Will it work?
Amen to that!
It feels good to know that my real facebook fam ''fake 1's too" :-) feel that this social thing is boring. When I'm not posting!
love your drawing it's beautiful
Hahahaha everyone is freaking out cause the Internet is down
AM NOT WEARING THE HAT. AND AM BRINGING PROTEINS SHAKES TO POTLUCK. BOY, you know my stove broke/maybe Idk how to turn on
Just chillin' right here of ErrrF! I am not a human being.
Totally agree. RT : Diversity is more than just culture and ethnicity. It is a mix of socioeconomic factors as well.
or 15.. somewhere around there! haha
how ironic is that? lol CONGRATULATIONS!
Long day , kid took 3rd ,real proud
"Experience is a hard teacher, because it gives the test first and the lessons afterwords."
Where does one recycle wicker these days?
Now enough of them old niggas and that bum squad-time for a real game
Ugh waiting at the dentist office
Danny its to hot for long hair n bangs so a 27pc that I don't have to touch will do just fine
Oh where those laker fans that were talkin that day lol
Just started book, "Is Everyone Hanging out Without Me?" so far, its been about her chubby years.
How does Crawford not stop that?
say word
Movie recommendation is "Hellraiser"
That would be great. It really is a terrific event. I've gone as a "reader" for years. Now I'll go as a "writer."
LOVE IT RT : I'm in Miami! Meet me for drinks 2day at in SoBe, 6-7:30 PM. I'll be wearing my Hawaiian shirt!...
Morning babe.
you got it dude *thumbs up*
Hello -- intrigued by your latest tweet ...
Long Time And Add On Time!!!
When we design Holocaust education for young people, should we address explicitly the issue of Holocaust denial?
you should fight once and for all
The bayram was way too short -- about 40 hours in Albania, and now I'm already back at work. Who misses weeklong Thanksgivings? This one.
haha thx man...probably on my 10th time listening to it this AM -
It's better to give, so it's best to re-give? Graphic novel review: RE-GIFTERS by Mike Carey, Sonny Liew & goo.gl/rMYeV
I wonder if Woody Allen is even watching the #Oscars tonight or if he's playing clarinet at the pub.
trust... There is not too many Barbers who have as many followers as I do! But my congrats go to the winner, I wish him the best
one mo thang you BITCH you gone go at somebody on twitta. Keep it real and mention they name lol
RT : RT : Triple-A Stalwart Indianapolis Indians Install Daktronics LED Display in Outfield Fence...
Wow, time sure is flying today
wake him up screaming that you were robbed.
I sorry, Haha
Some turkey this afternoon then coding/debugging tonight. Hope I figure this one out.
Great presentation at #evokesocial last night! Certain geeks in the room *cough* totally enjoyed it!
Aw, thanks! He's such a ham.
My ipod would die when mrs.quinn puts on Mosarch
dear I love #himym but your media player is the worst. in two years it has never not crashed. bad u.i. for loyal fans?
nothing like taking showers at 5am while everyone is still asleep...
13 more days until Halloween at Buddha Bar!! Stay tuned in the coming days, huge Halloween treats as a thanks to our followers!
If it is just a biz decision, when does cutting every fan favorite become a bad biz decision. Robert Mathis last man standing or only man?
In forever getting compliments on how healthy, straight, and shy my hair is^_^
As a male rape survivor of a woman who drugged and then coerced me, I found it minimizing,
Great #FSTA Convention. Really enjoyed to finish the day off. Time for a classic Vegas buffet before the early flight!
Saw you perform at Mon night, you were amazing!! Where can I see you perform next? :)
That awesome feeling you get after you know you just played like shit.... <<<<<
He say wtf this spose to be , ah egg mcmuffin.
Yes. Very sad.
hi how r u doing?
The awkward moment when you're blasting songs and an adult walks in...
Movie and lunch with my daughter today. Pirates! Band of Misfits and I-talian!
"without sharing... you end up being alone" nice quote
yess that's all I've ever wanted in life
Just saw #Badgers OT Josh Oglesby signed a free agent deal with the #Redskins. Good luck to one of the nicest guys around.
Hey look I found a real use for QR codes!
of slavery?
Chiefs, EB RT : So, if the Colts drop Peyton Manning, does that mean Knoxville market stops? What team replaces them if so?
Yes, but in general also.
Our whole full length albums production is being worked on. The entire album will be produced by Smokehouse Productions. Be ready ;)
That sounds exhausting. And kind of awful.
Up early, sitting on the couch, tweeting and shit.
you were right-ish! Not Ezra!
I gotchuuu babe
Best of luck to you!! Thanks again for using ShowClix Jacqueline :)
is that "plagiarus" for real, or from a student paper? interesting, nonetheless!
We just turned an Elk Grove small biz owner onto for his salon. They're having too much fun making challenges at QT Salon!
I missed #Xfactor audition. I am upset . Means I will not see Breatney Spears life!
French Fries
gross. i can do without your one direction sex fantasies
Recovering from #USAHPond. My team 'Just the Tip' won the women's silver division! Good times - finally 1st after 6 years
really? Geez Ive so many questions but my pride wont let me ask. I'm still rubbing 2 sticks together here
Which is greater Cole Hamels stupidity: plunking Harper for being brash rookie or admitting it afterward? If #MLB fines, it was the latter.
"It is easy to get good grades without actually learning."- Student response
#ItsTimeForYouToRealize if I don't respond to your first 3 heyy's... I'm not going to responde to the fourth !
OKC wants it BAD
this chick is hoardin dead animals.........
On my way back to La-La land, can't wait!!! Suuuupppper excited!
hey you! how've you been?
Today marks the last day of existence for Kodachrome film. It lived a long and visually rich life in photos and film. 1935-2010.
Awww remember the proud family ( best black show for kids)
Taking a walk near the 79th street boat basin was hot but fun. Now, back to air-conditioning.
thank you so much! :)
well think about it, the class is super hard. DONT STRESS!
"He's an idiot. His parents are probably idiots."
This chick at Euro tan is really pretty. I can't get over it. I feel like I'm staring..
it would be great to see you :-)
lol go get your own !
I did laundry too! I have to pick up dry cleaning tomorrow.
Friday Humor: "There's a fine line between fishing and just standing on the shore like an idiot." - Steven Wright
We in this bitch!!!
The Cabin in the Woods was a great #film that transcends the horror genre, literally! Go see this #movie before it's too late!
It went really well! Show got great ratings. Smart young woman is now $50k richer w/scholarships. Win win!
That's insulting to teams who can run the 2 min drill properly the first day of training camp
oh wait yeah #dumbmoment but yes!
Discount super bowl XLIV tickets for adding promo code " 44 " at checkout on TicketsGenie.com
Those two little girls from the Ellen Show will end up in a psych ward if they try to perform this Nicki Minaj shocker
I wonder if HR would let me have a bar installed at my desk?
I always get "Happy Endings" with my massage sessions ha ha ha
u hit them belly roles?
Definitely did. Was fascinated to what it was like to work there during that time. 20 years later I fell into the industry.
#CHEAA RT : Bitches I was sucking dick when yall thought it was nasty ...no wonder I can make a man bust in under 5 mins
I just remembered it's $1 Jimmy John's day. I don't think I have time to wait in line forever though :(
Take a hit from the bong, slam the tequila and then let me feel ya!
Thaanks Pauline fer comming by . Had a good time , dyed her hair and she brought me hair stuff . Lool
Welcome, it was a great post!
Rise and grind # GMT
My heart is broken and I don't have the tools to put the pieces back together.
The Columbus Tattoo Artists
Sign at local florist shop: "Find us on social media". :) Okay!
The class action lawsuit against is ridiculous. What an amateur investor! No pity for his loss.
I yield to 's advice. I guess I do talk fast! I've found 3000 words comes in at exactly 18 1/2 min w/o improv.
I like History and art :)
It must be hard. I hope you include that in the essay portion of the lake application you will need to submit.
Haha, good to know!
Tamagotchi, we aren't rain dancing again, okay?
i am a songwriter what you need
S/O to for like the dick on my face(:
This girl is the best dancer in the whole world lol, I always hope she is at the top of the pyramid
Blew. April__2011 was much better. May May__2012 be starting OK though... RT Anyone else agree sucked?
thanks for the RT!
There is no limit to what a man can achieve if he doesn't care who gets the credit Laing Burns Jr.
Me too
Thanks for the #ff buddy!!
is so beautiful :)
Ah thank you
look for me in the blue #Wikipedia shirt & ask me about continuing #international #opengov conversations
RETWEET and u can WIN: 49 winners will win cd's and ONE grand prize winner will win a cd, poster, and $50.00 gift card! :):)
Honored 2 B a favorite author!
Holy cow. How brave of Rep. Moore to share her story. @ BashirLive
Recording another WGIL Room podcast at 3pm. We need a topic. Seems all three of us are out of ideas.
ah, the Dim Sum makes it all worth it in the end. Enjoy the walk over there. :)
LUCKY! I wish I had his number-_-
Aren't irises beautiful? Thanks for shopping at AmazonFresh.
Oh I see
Don't waste your life trying to impress other people. Do what you love, love what you do.
We're going to see when they come back in a week yeah?:) It's a deal! x
Happy birthday ! Hugs and kisses and all that jazz :)
All Ima Say Is WATCH Your back , I Aint doing too much talkin PERIOD.
#milwakee Fun Wood Fact of the week: An average American uses about 750 pounds of paper every year, and 95% of homes are built using wood.
Thanks for letting me know. Never heard of #Storify before. Going to have to check it out.
It sure can help
Obama acknowledging Yung Jeezy is so disappointing..but then again....cocaine trafficing and the white house DO go together...
how awesome was that movie?
Thanks for the #FF!
That was rough
re: running realizations...That's why I love to walk and give my characters uninterrupted time to tell me what they need.
I actually missed being at work, lol
Way to go Mr. J!
NF follow back ?
SAY SOMETHIN CUZ YOU'RE DRIVING ME WILD<33
RT : : I can't hardly wait for my winery tour and sampling!! >>Thanks Brian! anytime
just submitted a report of this morning's creeper to and Thanks for the nudge,
Damn, talk about embarrassing.
thanks for ruining my good mood.
. It's the result of knocking on doors, making calls, attending public meetings/hearings, voting, activism.
First: evaluate current programming, identify areas for change, make adjustments!
US academics Thomas Sargent and Christopher Sims have won the 2011 Nobel economics prize
And now i guess i should go to sleep cause the babies get up #tooearly everyday :)
Case study in the Journal of AAPOS highlights need for vigilance
Sweetmeats are candies, while sweetbreads, which aren't sweet, are meat...
what's the name and number of your mr. fix it who can do windows etc?
As you know so well, this society trains, supports, reinforces & glorifies many forms of abuse for profits of all kinds.
You said it. Especially because a "rehabilitated" dog is just code for "dog with aggression history". Makes me so angry.
i'm pretty generous but my last cutoff was 45 minutes
I know the 2nd qtr is gonna be better...it has to be! Come on !! Get u some...PLEASE!! #itsthemothafu$%^%timberwolves!
Lol, we need to hang out soon!
just woke up had a rough day
Happy National Administrative Professionals Day. I like that u recognized it by not coming to work. Haha!
this one certainly kept me awake, and then some! But a bunch of hyper-articulate queer theorists are hard to keep up with...
These American Idol auditions at Petco Park are making life inconvenient for East Village residents.
Last day of school tomorrow!
your welcome-happy u guys had so much fun!
We the people need to take back our country. Working on my New Blog Pureobliteration.com hope to see you there
trying to change my password but my smart phone is being an idiot ugh.
Yes I am!!!!!! So hurry up lol
Now I know where all those horror stories about a monster grabbing your ass whilst you're doing your bidness come from.
Believe PAWS is/was a no-kill shelter, correct?
Every time Natalie Portman's Dior commercial comes on, I pretend I can speak French. Clearly, I can't but it makes me feel so preeeety!
Always love to check out new, fun ways to use QR codes-Sadly your picture doesn't show. Try reposting?
Bing: a search engine who still don't know what honey badger is. Or Google.
The closest Baby N and I are getting to #ACL this year is a jam session with Mr. Will tomorrow at !
Great 2 days of discussing scholarly communication w/#SCIspa. Now preparing for 2 days of making schol comm happen w/the #mla13 program cte.
that's gonna be a long plane ride. Rest up
The difference between a successful person and others is not a lack of strength, not a lack of knowledge, but rather in a lack of will
do u like the raiders? ;)
That joke was lame.....
Everyone on my #TL is experiencing the thunderstorm.
I love me some Him!!! M M M M
sure, anything for youu :)
Happy #FF to some of my #museummascot buddies and Weekend plans?
I rant, therefore I am.
Go hard or become non-existent
No, I'm not w/ now. I was co-founder & chairman/CEO thru the IPO & "back in the day." FYI, MyPoints is still jamming!
Rates ? (: Only Doing Some Tho *
JFG students High School would like to thank Dasha Saint Remy (author & poet) for her support & the incredible delivery of her poems
Stock market is going lower short-term. Bet on it! Buying puts on SPY, AAPL, EBAY, and AMZN...
Looking 4 networking opportunities on Saturday arnd
Combining and balancing personal and professional content is key to successful social media branding!
And generally a terrible one, at that.
I agree, but did you see what the articles was saying??? They even shared some kisses!!!!
Question: Why do some men think that a woman asking for child support is trying to get back at him?
It was supposed to be "on", but apparently I mistyped "ob", which the phone then autocorrected to "Obama".
i would love to come!!!! I'm gonna make it happen.
I wanna be bad. Make bad look so good!
#welovegreyson cause he's the sweetest person you will ever meet In your life(: <33
nah but they upgraded just like ya'll did
Enjoying meeting all the #PRSA Detroit members at the Luncheon. Look for live tweets during the event
Thanks for the shout, if you ever have any questions about photography feel free to shoot me a message!
breakfast soon?
That's what it looks like... but I fear I'm missing a subtlety.
Terry Did you finish book? If so, in order for me to have back on my Kindle again you have to send it back to me :)
heh! Look at your cute adolescent self
It's snowing in West Seattle. Winter is coming.
If you want to appeal your property taxes, you must turn your appeal form in by January 3, 2012!
Blackboard Elluminate is being cranky tonight-- way too many echoes
we got 9 scores recorded for you (bxk-7g)
no #abercrombiemodle you wish. LOL and that Inn is full up in
In the studio
likely unrelated and more just possible general auth issues. home_timeline is now stricter in its OAuth;
“: PB Jelly Time!!!!” the greatest of all sandwiches.
24 hours left! Accounting accounting accounting!! Ready to head back to Carmel!
Fuck cramps! Omg ):
#teamslapaho in the face
hahaha ;) lets say I'm expert at the panties but they didn't make the bras right haha
Spent a lovely day yesterday at Terry's Wisconsin home. Good food, good company, good time!
Next week we will be performing live in San Antonio, Tx.. details comeing soon
thank you for following... love what you are up to at TakePart! :)
Tomorrow is the day that I've been waiting for
Thanks be unto God who causes me to triumph!
u should shoot for early May and try and make it to the wedding
Jason Zuback on Hole 16 Long Drive hole at Fall Expo Shootout. Powerchute samples to swing
Ok got u all on a special list.Easy to keep up
my life is over. no tickets for ? someone kill me now. literally crying my eyes out now.
yes I am:) with you there cheering me on!
good story tonight...
Trying to swing in for Thursday! Looks like a great line up!
where will you be tomorrow? I am heading to Northstar.
yeah.. whats crazy is how many more PR hit jobs these cranks get to make based on the state of what else is going on under hood in apps
doubts very much that Dick Clark recorded Christmas music.test ifttt
We hope you enjoyed the event Amanda! Thanks again for using ShowClix :)
Really asshole! That cause I'm black!
Today was a success. I avoided the temptation to get a facial tattoo.
Woot. got an interview to continue work at my current place of employment.
That is cool. I haven't read all of his books, but everything I have read, I have enjoyed.
for comedy nite,4 dollars long islands,2dollar well drinks all nite. jazz band on deck, and dj cousin kev on the 1's and 2's
i follow can u add me ? Please? thanks!!(:
Who turns off their alarms in the middle of the night? This girl!
God bless our troops and God bless America!
tweeting all the time even though you know there's a 1 in 600 thousand chance he'll actually talk to you << :/
Ellucian? My goodness, company names are getting stranger b/c all of the good domain names were taken. :-)
Thanks for the free t-shirt #DCBikeToWork day! I score tee shirts like Dwight from !
Guy: I WON THE LOTTERY! Girl: OMG! Guy: Pack your stuff! Girl: What should I pack? Guy: Everything you gotta go.
My house smells like fruity pebbles!
#StayStrongAshley get this to WWTT come on
Rise and shine with WXII Morning News tomorrow and see what SECCA has in store for the opening Nov. 3 of "Out of Fashion." 7 -10pm. Free.
Wow! The psychology for behaviors in kids - linked to video games. Game theory + motivation = healthy kids
You need a guy who will see you wearing sweats, hair messy, and no makeup and the first thing he says is, "damn you look beautiful.
tbh, your post makes you sound like an angleshooter in hand1 and a whiner in hand2. Either cut out your chips....
Changed my username(:
I'm going to plant Lavender in all of the empty containers in my backyard. its pretty, easy to maintain and spells good.
no I mean when I try joking she thinks I'm being up tight. I didn't know I was offending anyone by joking
This girl is soo sweet! You guys should follow her! and she's also a mahomie, actually a proud one ;)
3 games away from glory
It's begun! Tonight's Orlando FOX 35 News jammed with anti-Obama, anti-Bill Nelson, anti-Alan Grayson TV ads. #sayfie #tcot #tlot Karl Rove
oh, they don't? I mean your giving them free food, they should take it and not complain god dammit! Such greedy people lol
My brain can't compute & exploded. RT ": He's my boo now. Back off Kell. RT See you tonight boo?"
Sure, the local pet shop should have one or two :-)
which you'd be welcome to join us for, but I assume it is out of the way and against your diet.
there is no doubt that #AustinIsOurWorld <3
"We wander for distraction, but we travel for fulfillment." Hilaire Belloc
hosting Smart Border Coalition meeting w/ Assemblyman Ben Hueso, Councilman David Alvarez & others re reducing border wait times.
turns out MarkLogic is a YesSQL company
lol now i finally am!!(:
Get your seats while you can. These specials look amazing!
Breaks my heart to see a homeless with a child beside him.
I like the way you talk to me.
hey my golden friend!!! keep it sexy working it out!
I'm almost ready to go take a London Transport, diesel-engined, ninety-seven horse-power omnibus.
Whats Good Ma?
This class is a joke
It won't happen. Awesome space! Thanks BTW! xoxo
“: Oh, you have a big muffler? Your civic must be so fast...” FAST
Thunder woke me up in other words woke me up since he likes thunderstorms so much...every time it thundered Joe came in mind.. !!!!
2 member quotes from business continuity session "priceless framework" "have a session like this every year". Thx to Richard Sharpe
Best of thoughts to ex D&C news editor Stan Wischnowski, who is taking a new role at the Inquirer.
aww this reminds me of high school high :)
i honestly just got my phone taken away cause i wouldn't plug a light back in when i was using the only outlet for my charger..
Omg just got called gay by a 5 year old baha "that kids gay bc he has pink on"
lol i misses u too :) ive been good hbu???(:
. Ready Foe Easter
Niggaz already wear capris....call it flood pants. Soon they gonna wear skirts....call them pantless shorts.
I don't even know what that means but it sounds awesome.
so bored :/
what I would give to re live yesterday!
"Oh, this Angry Seattle sounds like a jolly good wholesome chap. I should let my 8 year old read his posts!"
Have you taken one of our tours before?
Nice to hear from you btw. Hope the biz is going well for you.
On Fri, 9:15-10 am ET, BJS Dir Jim Lynch, discusses role of corrections in society on C-Span’s televised call-in pgram, Washington Journal.
Even attys fall victim to confirmation bias-- maybe even more than a typical juror. Should be interesting.
Of course! I'll email you in the morning! RT : Hi Gerrard it's Ms. Mae here follow me for Showbiz Tips, Free...
Lets go!
No BCS game depression in setting in.....grrr Court<U+2661>Be<U+E130> SIGH
"Serenity is not the absence of conflict or pain, but the ability to cope with it."
So glad! :) Oh, we cannot wait!! Looking forward!
done...what else do you want?
right now it is just south of Snohomish and slowly going more east
Hey twitter fam at home looking at braxton family..
now u no y
I could fall asleep right now. No joke.
James, asked tonight. #Aztecs and Fresno State are in "talking stage" 4 some sort of "Rivalry Cup". More when I know.
a cloudy friday in SD - but still great nonetheless.
#OneThingIDontLike Is when all of a sudden you can be cool with someone then they turn fake with you.
Not at all. The weather have me lazy. It's too cold for me to exercise.lol!! I spend most of the days trembling.
Anyone know why #MST3K episodes are never closed-captioned? In this day and age that's a rare oversight.
I am terrible at that game. so bad.
Good one!
Paul's boutique is still one of the best albums ever!
You look great! Can we put your picture up on the website?
I miss you!!!
You've really had a time of it. Prayers for you to get over this quickly and for safe travels home!
don't take my debate away comcast!
I've had the honor of listening to Eric Newhouse live twice. Enthralling and moving. A reporter I truly admire.
What? Explain.
After watching that Knicks/Bulls game, I'm starting to understand all the Melo hype.
Back at the station getting ready for Admirals hockey.
aww thanks mom!
& it's boomin, bouncing' in the trap goin' ham, I'm a Mayweather jab you a slap on the hand.
lol you will get used to it
Time to go work off some of that turkey and cheer from this weekend.
a bit of both. Plus the fact that you're OG emo.
Is it too late for me to start a boy band?
Paul Gilbert
Happy New Year!!!
Trailers Schwinn Spirit Bike Trailer - schwinn spirit bicycle trailer
Still Shopping with Still Can't decide wat I want to wear to prom
Why is everyone with iphones so jello and stressing the fact androids have instagram.like get over it ,its a fucking app !!
vegan and steak aren't allowed in the same sentence.
Python collection is out of this world! Omg... can I have everything in the collection please?
Emerging theme concerning animal-mineral proprioception.
RT Chef Point Cafe in the Conoco Gas station at 5901 Watauga Road 76148”> gas station restaurant in
I'm good, girly! How are u feeling?
Yes it was great to meet you again too and catch up on Crawford Street classic moments!
Oh and we walked to the pub so everything evens out :)
Off to work i go! Hope it goes by fast
You down to ride?
Well done, Bill. Congrats.
Did anything good happen this weekend? Catching up on the news from the past few days.. So depressing! Too many deaths.
Crap. Are you supposed to tip mattress delivery guys? Serious question. You are, right?
One test done. Two to go.
You're moving to DC? Cool!
RT if u have a BlackBerry!
Evidently Tupac has arisen in the form of a hologram that performed at Coachella. He even has a twitter account
I hope lebron doesn't think he can guard melo
ok I'll most likely be in south beach for the weekend
I guess once all the paperwork is in order they will be signing next week. Congratulations are in store for Fakahatchee. Way to go guys
Woohoo! Thanks for sharing! :)
Next week is going to be weird since most of the team is hitting the Cubs game on Monday Night.
Mammy and Paps are home (:
purpose of jails was rehabilitation &an alternative to corporal punishment
Hey all you bamboozle people! Anyone want to get a picture of Jordan holding up a sign say I <3 Breck? Nah? I thought so.
Bray congratulations on the wife and the baby what u haveing
Instagram has been around for 551 days and is worth $1 billion. The New York Times has been around 117 years and is worth $967 mil. Wow.
just a lot with my grandpa
Iwa.. I paid for the trademark midwest...
I have an upcoming event for Patch. How can I submit it to you?
Stay in your own lane
As a CSU guy, I should know that RT : Greg McCoy was a conference special teams player of the year in the MWC.
No worries, next time!!
Whoa, sky lit up, house shook, thundersnow in crazy surreal Seattle.
Countdown 2 launching #entrepreneurship content/social-networking web platform, Skillcenter.
THE PULSE on POWER 98.3 is LIVE. Stream live at power983fm.com !
I can't focus! this is all 's fault!
lol shut up
RT : Awesome! just got a call from People Magazine and Streetza will be in next week's issue.
Thank you! I really appreciate that. GOod night :)
Hahaha! We were jamming to "Boyfriend" the other day. I'm a little ashamed.
This is waayyy too early to be up and working.
My kids have been walking five months.. wouldn't you think by now I would remember to leave the house with their shoes on them?
Buzzed gonna hit the strip tonight
Encouragement is the oxygen of the soul
Comedy rules as TV networks start new season - Two and a Half Men without Charlie Sheen, Modern Family,Big Bang Theory and How I Met Your...
I goes to sleep late n get up early
-- interesting -- no tweets -- are you mute
Oh, if you're talking about Fifty Shades of Grey you can just skip it altogether.
Follow us face book and twitter and receive a free class
Came across my $1 bill that says Beautiful Series. Glad to see it knowing that series was a true turning point for me. Thanks
And how old are yu gonna be?
either that or they just blocked you heh?
I highly doubt that.
Banana split blizzard >
We Got Your Back Justin <U+2665>
Drunk people always tryna fight
Wanna know what I got for myself? A white mocha frap -___- haha too tired to shop for me
let's get fucked
Good morning twitter! wuddupp <U+270C>
tired and ready for a nap!
We do expect that practice in journalism, even if it's lazy and anti-intellectual. But why would allow it?
Regarding 5k - GREAT idea! We do a couple each year and would LOVE to see an industry specific one.
36 hours until the temporary return of the Bean, our college freshman, now almost a sophomore. So proud of her fabulous first year!
Will completely avoid. Dude has turned himself into a complete punchline. Reality shows, self serving books......embarrasing
Sounds like fun! :) Debating on whether or not I should take a shower...Hmm...x
she cant love you, like i can.
Too bad didnt challenge to boxing match like CPortis attempted in '04, wouldve been interesting
because my honey decided he wanted to sleep wild last night and roll all the way over to my pillow.
RT Join Us Twitter Party w/ May10 3pm ET in celebration #Moms w/our friends Use
ah ok Wat u got plan for today
that's what makes you beautiful <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
McNabb: After Data Breach, follow tips for Yom Kippur. Make amends and acknowledge what you did.
the biggest problem with most math teachers is that they love math.
thanks ! we had a blast!! see you soon!
It's been a month and a half since I've had soda!! I feel great :) only been drinking water juice and milk (cept alchohol lol hehe)
It's official I'm losing my phone on Valentines Day
I'll let u know. You can be my first customer, free session for your first time.
Congress asks that only men who are “are good seamen, or so acquainted with maritime affairs be able to serve.”
the Moravians were really passionate folks. Love to read about them
This pain is bringin me to tears no bueno
Resting in Evening Prayer: Turn the darkness into light before me, Lord God, and make the rough places smooth. ~via RT
ugh wtf this is the Astros. Do better!
Come roc my world
My favorite snocone stand is now open and on Twitter!
Sony Tablet S Ice Cream Sandwich update incoming
Life is like riding a bike . In order to keep your balance , you gotta keep moving (:
RT : Success isn’t an event it’s a lifestyle.
Why were men given larger brains than dogs? So they wouldn't hump women's legs at cocktail parties.
....before I left he said next class but idk did he change it?
saltine crackers taste pretty good.
the final score was 8 to 1. I doubt the umps truly affected that game.
Happy 4th of July to everyone.....
Just me, a bottle of wine, and some Grey's.
Ladies if u have a payment arrangement with your cellular provider u got some bullshit pussy or you're single
Que cool! We need to start planning next #SocialChicas event & gifts RT : wore sexy bikini yesterday! thank you!
Problem for rural schools- it's a "small" and isolated view for rural learners and commumities.
Awesome! Love it! BTW, hello and thanks for the follow. :)
These random ass numbers
Funna get wavy
The 3 W's of life.
Sorry, nope. Just to Chicago. We have tix to it, though! RT : is the civic tour coming to Milwaukee this year?
That tree trimmer needs nose hair trimmers
Oh so true I am looking forward to Earth Day, great events happening in #Orlando Legendary Timmy Thomas sending a great mess.
NETH is back at it tonight!!!
and i would like to remain unmurdered ha
strive to be very BEST in your niche, offering prospects most authenticity, real content, & incredible solutions.
I'll let you know when I get back.
I'm glad Twitter made it easier to unfollow people by just clicking their names. :)
Irving Wladawsky-Berger - Wall Street Journal (blog)
Did you buy an ipad?
A! RDA Toolkit is a bigger piece of shit than #RDA! And I didn't think anything could be gimpier than RDA.
na shes not like that.. she's probably with her bestfriend. I have a feeling not that it bothers me but at least let me know..
Dear There is a cute chubby kid sitting by the cameras on the parquet floor who is not getting nearly enough airtime.
nope, other way around. I'm calling you Captain.
goodnight got early basketball practice! :/
Normal is only a state of mind. If the stress of the Man wears you down do something different. I suggest #NoPants ever. :)
i hate that stupid dance the atlanta cheerleaders do during take me out to the ballgame
Happy to be joined by this Sunday morning on #liveatdaybreak. is on honeymooning with Mr. Ritka.
better get those magic pants on like braun
Looks like maybe the red purse belongs to someone else.
Sterling Cooper Draper Pryce is the poor man's Sixty Seconds Street.
Thanks for follow... Interested to speak with you.
Austin Mahone should go on a date with me :)
Ha, right on! My girl Jen is awesome! She keeps me on track & aligned with a meaningful life :),
This Day in History: Make Way for Ducklings, author Robert McCloskey is born. This is one of our favorite books, what's one of yours?
wow! thats soo cool :) ive always wanted to go there, my moms from there I think :) and ive got to go :p ttyl ;)
Work work work. Email, events management and planning. Rinse repeat.
It’s National Chips and Dip Day! Come by Wisma for a sampling of homemade dips, schmears, crackers and chips for your weekend gathering!
who won the new kids cruise that was suppose to be rafflws a couple of months ago
No he justs gets involved in a shouting match between carpenter and Morgan that blows into bench clearing event - didn't concern him
Here comes the rain again falling from the stars<3 everytime i hear that song i think of him<3
Great turn by Schoenfield there.
Hello everyone!!! I'm gonna be giving away tickets to April 28 Solo Boxeo event at the Santa Ana Star Casino, who wants to go????
On my second session of the day
If you need a second camera op, storyboard artist, grip, gaffer or anything else, I can help! I've been studying film 7 years
ugh. I only go to Whole foods for their reliable yet over priced supply of I try to avoid their tiny, packed stores.
Summer Wheat?
I feel you same here I need to come to the block and fuck wit y'all ! I kno I ain't been around
Had a great night at Off to see at the double door!
Berger cookies and birthday Oreos!
"I'll see you tomorrow with my tools FUCKFACE!!!" RT : ": "SHOULD I BRING MY FUCKIN TOOL BOX!!??"”
The start of tension is the end of talent. !!!.
You are the Vice President of the AFL Alumni Association. How important is this to those former players, coaches, staffers, etc?
dude seriously CALL me
Julia Louise Woodruff~ Out of the strain of the Doing Into the peace of the Done.
Haha hell yeah!
probably in the 7 mil/yr neighborhood. We should be able to swing that I'd say.
“: Denver = turnt up” yea we go ham
sunchoke, so yummy, definitely my favorite vegetable!
Over 600! This one has materials from the 50s, 60s, and 70s -- mostly late 60s/early 70s. Pretty cool stuff!
I'll do what I can :) if your into rap music follow my boy and listen to his songs he's doing big things.
Computers have lots of memory but no imagination. ~ Anon
Red walls glazed bathroom
“: Just about standing room only in the breakout sessions today. Wow! #idea10”
Ignorant people <<<<
We really weren't expecting anything from you. After all, you are members of Congress.
One paper down; now I'm looking at pics of lolcats instead writing about processualists and post processualists arguing amongst each other
I sent Mommy a picture of my hair drama, and she responded, "I bleed the blood of Jesus upon your hair" Gotta love African moms.
Ya, they are called dumb asses, plain and simple!!!
getting my MacBook in 3 days for school I'm too excited! for the win!
I'm Not Ready for Dessert, I Just Want Some Leads
Oh. Fucking Lakers man........ :'( how can they not finish off the nuggets -_-
Meeting with a person from Kensington International today to receive some career transition coaching and to go over my resumes.
Homework time
Absolutely, and the sooner the team realizes it the better.
Some good news: Bag with keys and wallet (with all cards) recovered. Phone and cash still gone, but this is better.
Hey , , - did u know has over 30 THOUSAND tweets?
Replay was one of my favorite bars! The patio is bad ass! Have fun in Austin.
Spending the last hour of the workday catching Murray State University's All Campus Sing Live Streaming
Ai-jen Poo dedicates her award to the 2.5 million women who are domestic workers serving others.
Looking good for Spurs in 3.
Do fish sleep?
Been auditing #SAA DAS webinars. Part of the DAS subcommittee work. We have so many smart, fantastic people in this profession.
it's "alliance2012"
*yawn* guess I'll cuddle up to the cute cub next to me and go back to sleep. Morning sex is hot too ...later men!
Thanks for the shout out! RT : Today 1000 days on Twitter: and
I'm pretending like I'm not waiting. And failing.
Direct Message me it.
whoa whoa, at least I don't look like an even uglier version of Jessie J
SmogCheck We're open M-F 8am-5:30pm Sat. 8am-3pm call if you have any questions or would like to make an appointment 951-247-0557
You're only 16 you have the rest of your life ahead. Stop stressing.
thanks for the kind words about knits men want. and please, if you have any questions about any of my patterns, just ask!
that's my favorite question! I hate questions like- so where do you see yourself in five years? Uh hopefully working for you?
raises $1.8 million for babies statewide today. Incredible turnout as 6,000 march in MSP. Great to see everyone out there!
Just trying to understand what is going on with the world, it's 2012 and we still have to deal with the ignorance of those who are ignorant!
that was perfect omg
Can't wait to be able to study at home again. Practically living @ Crown Library due to course reserve books.
says the 2nd most important preparation was to learn multiple platforms. Take video, write, take photos, do audio.
aw I'm sorry soon bb soon
I figured.....but just in case anyone out there wasn't sure.... hehehe
Headed home
RT“: Broncos trainers/medical staff on the plane. And so it comes down to this: Greek v Burton Elrod”
i hope Chris Hart gets hit by a bus... and lives so he can feel the pain.
Back on my grizzy this summer
Going thrifting today for the new apartment and some shoots in the new year. Looking for ripped denim, cheetah print and a toaster oven.
Am i the only one that is disappointed that battlefield 3 is doing close quarters maps? Feels like theyre trying to be another game.....
Thanks for bringing all those great treats for birthday! Too bad he isn't here to enjoy them. M...
Yes, but QR codes are everywhere now. I wonder if it will just take a bit of learning time or if people will give up.
For the Mahomies going to the NYC concert you guys are going to see Austin perform 'Say Somethin' for his first time. LUCKY BITCHES...
Some peoples tweets are OUT THERE..... If ya know what i mean.
New phone works great!
CIVILIANS were being killed by Hamas who was using them as shields for covering weapons. YOU ARE BIASED!
How close are you all?
On the road again.
RT : Sometimes the biggest problem is in your head. You've got to believe. -Jack Nicklaus
Really made me mad real quick
T.Jones is putting on a
What a lovely morning.
Sounds lovely! Downstairs cafe? They had great food!
hey I think it's broke. (;
you know that I'm here for you girl! You can always talk to me. Just keep your head up, and keep smiling. It gets better.
I'm not stupid , I'm a smart little cookie
Good morning and greetings tweeps:-)
SWTOR Support: Try to get put in a waiting queue for an hour, finally make it into one, wait 3 more hours, get disconnected. PERFECT.
Haven't played Gears 3 lately. Lots of Saints Row The Third & soon Mass Effect 3.
All them freaks and geeks......
Sometimes it is better to sit your behind in a real desk and chair without wearing jammies and online multitasking :)
Hincapie: Ur organizing resulted in investigation of , which resulted in cancellation of Maricopa county
it's next on the list. May save it for tomorrow night.
some kid last night asked if i wanted to buy a psychedelic vagina necklace.
So full.
I'm really thinking bout joining bike club
we got a camp I think at CNU on June 17th !
Lets go CATS
Thanks for the RT! Keep spreading the wood is good word!
Ah, James Morrison live on VH1!!! >>>>
All of the lights.
SueAnn just asked who Dick Clark was???!!!
Take all my dreams, and make them true..
Loved the Reservoir Dogs reference on #BobsBurgers tonight.
good to hear! makes my heart warm that individuals w/special needs r living a good life! Ur bro is lucky 2 have u as a sis.
and they're always in the lower level while the true fans are in the upper level. makes no sense to me.
i then did everything i had to do on the computer today
Got ya! Well I only had one my whole life, growing up. Before I found out I was allergic lol.GermanShepherd and his name: Sam
Useless/irrelevant fact of the day: Killer whales are really Orcas, not whales. You're welcome Twitterverse.
listenin to my cousin (Bruno Mars: lol j/k)..i wish<<nite beautiful ppl <3
Blue Bird Named Extra Mile Award Recipient for Commitment to Environment and ... - School Transportation News
oh new grad student chatter
how does a crackhead buy crack if there poor
I'm gonna have no more belly in a few weeks
Hot, scruffy janitor is next step down. Followed by hot, scruffy homeless person. There are surely steps below that.
Sounds like my kind of night!
What me and just did>>>
Hanging with and
aw! Amul! You make a girl blush! Thx! Can't wait to see ya thurs!
Find dolma at: THE QUEEN BEES 2732 N. HIGHLAND AVENUE JACKSON TN 38305
Oh my gosh girl thats gorgeous you'll deff be turning heads ;) Do you go to Avon?
At the diner. Time for tater tots
coffee - nectar of the gods
I just want a RT, or even better a reply! #Grifflan(:
That's Dramatic!!!!
hm i wonder what that is . you should dm and tell me :)
send me your email, ill send you some samples
Let Sammy Watkins' arrest be a lesson. Drugs can and will ruin an athlete. Don't be an idiot.
of course!
Topic for 2012 is dumb and stupid things men/women say lol lets go in lol
My girlfriend just told me we r not getting married. Maybe she is afraid of commitment
Open today at 4. Join us in the Pier Bar at 7 for the Kevin Jacobs Band. SMILE BIG!
Soon to be back at
Boo bye
just tweeted you! :D
I know what will be my favorite album whenever it drops...Gold Cobra!
It doesn't hurt to try.
I miss Milwaukee too. I'm in Atlanta!!
good looking out dawg
1.does he get special attention in school? Or 2. If he won the lottery, what would he do with the money?!??
Deciding which I want to watch less ... #CNN: #RickSantorum will be on with #JayLeno tonight.
“: don't be nervous. I'll press my button for you. I think you could make it big someday!”
Mine is your/you're. Drives me up a wall.
what are long-term rentals in Key West going for? Any chance of a 1-1 for under $1,300 that allows a big dog? He's old and mellow.
I like the Hargrove move. Addressing the d line is exactly what we needed. Now let's draft an outside linebacker.
...if only there were recent pics so we could feel close to M. and see what she's up to...sigh!
Which American independent film became the first and only film with an original X rating to win The Academy Award for Best Picture?
I miss u! Ur never over
My laundry looks like the Trash Heap from Fraggle Rock. It's slowly inching its way towards me, about to swallow me whole. Brunch first!
“The truth will set you free, but first it will piss you off.” <U+2015> Gloria Steinem
RETWEET this if you are excited for the Pens game tonight!!!
I guess it will depend on your culture and upbringing.
Mamma Mia...let's talk PIZZA! How do you like your pizza topped? Are you a thin, thick, or hand tossed fan?
WE NEED ONE LIKE!!!
oh girl who you talkin bout ;)
#dearsanta P.S. about the cookies...it may be best to wait until you get back to the n.pole b4 eating the rum balls
WTF!!! what did he say???
awee, I miss you too! (:
YES!!! Thanks DD and AD! Jim Furyk woo hoo!
Wow to the response against SOPA; social media has given the people an outlet to revolt against bills like never before
he's too cute haha.
I think I just might postpone working late. Instead, drink some sleep tea, curl up, listen to the rain, and wake up early-early
Another great meeting for #OBMA Thanks
Bam! Ryan SMASH partisan rhetoric!
- YW! Thanks for the mention!
Breaking news: James Harrison to be fined 50k for Suggs ACL injury.
I had one student there to introduce the laureate that visited our school. It was an amazing, amazing day.
I really love the movie Burlesque. The man in this movie is a plus too!! <U+E03D>
Love comes to those who still hope after being disappointed, who still believe after being betrayed, and who still love after being hurt.
On CQ.com now, CQ Today tomorrow: Congress and Obama officials lay out some plans for chopping, managing, keeping parts of the spy budget.
im sure you could find a million things to say about me and im fine with that if that makes you feel like a better person
Been on photoshop for an hour trying to edit something...nothing significant progression has been made.
Thanks for the follow back! How are you tonight?
lol youre not supposed to put stuff like that on twitter!
Byebye Chase! Hello, LA Federal Credit Union. Closed my Chase account yesterday... and good riddance.
": getting unfollowed is my forte lols"lost a few today myself easy come easy go
Great office into Geynyuk of sea You look photographs and ReviewNumber and the commentary Rating and ReviewRating to verif :-)
Bend and Snap. # LegallyBlonde
Summer is nearing, what are you doing to prep for the ever-warming weather? Perhaps booking your next visit with us?
“knowledge is sometimes the key to authority, and authority is the key to power"
I ride for my niggas.
Happy Birthday !!!
Good night sweet prince CC just put you to sleep
this weekend my biggest goal is to go to a barnes & noble store and buy cooking books :)
Dont be afraid to call timeout after your team scores when making a run to comeback. They need to rest so the stops continue...and the run t
Hey! Back home now, still adjusting to the real world. Travels were great, what are you up to?
the question is are u ready for it Nick?
For sale: One ticket to Game Four, #Mavs vs. Thunder at American Airlines Center, Saturday May 5
MERRY CHRISTMAS! tell us about some of the cool shit you guys got!
PLEASE COVER YOUR MOUTH.
learning about ball pythons and zombies and other gross things! now off to class
the turtles are from NY lol
The new #Mercedez-Benz fashion week Madrid kicks off today
PlZ RT: Any New York actors wanting commercial coaching from NY casting director David Cady. tweet me 4 sides & information. Mon night
We touch I feel a rush We clutch it isn't much But it's enough to make me wonder what's in store for us
thanks for the reblog!
Some people change, and some remain the same... That's just how life is.
Sounds like a plan. A very good plan :)
What a cool option for out of town family and friends! Technology is amazing.
Just checked out Positively Fifth Street Prepping for my Great Read Alike Panel
did you gather headshots and stuff?
yo dude are you still alive or have you had a Caps heart attack yet
ayyyyyy mane just for the world you know u my dawg G for everyone that be forgettin
Karma is a bitch
How old is too old when it comes to trick or treating? Some towns in California say 12 years is the limit...what do you think?
Home Sales Down 13% in Month but Up 13% in Year
Mosquito! Weird
shut up
UGH WOMEN RT : Nothing ruins #marchmadness like ESPN feeling obligated to cover the women's tournament.
Have a good day sweet boy! (;
room 317 usiakabsbkzoshshzjsiejbaban. best thing I've ever read.
hahaha it's literally terrible how much I crave it!
One word comes to mind everytime I do that. "Useless."
Yeah - I know - been a stranger. But I miss y'all :)
Beach again. Lol
Andrew Jean-Baptiste kept the match from being a worse 4-1 #Timbers loss.
lol when u do watch that... Invite me lol
E-mail us your most irrational fear for use on a future podcast!
Available to translate for us? English to French-Canadian.
RIP Junior Seau, one of the game's greats.
but when i order it i still don't get the planner :/ it's for asia only.
I gotta see you soon.
rt we can make it separate but together we can #move mountains
I'm talking to
lol you know this plateau sucks major butthole
Just left IHOP on Brookpark *rolls kush* gonna get blazed then smash these blueberry pancakes *yum yum yum* in my fat girl voice
Listening to Podcast feels like I'm in Artist 101 class!
omg omg omg, that looks identical to !!!!!!
The Silk Tie likes townbound! you are modern, thesilktie.com
I'm good! Pleasure to meet you!
Haha, Lauren Lauren Lauren. I'm good thanks for asking. How you been? I'm going to Jordan this August finally.
Tomorrow shall be the start of Musical March!
Pierce cant defend Josh Smith tonight
Somethin bout a truck
I'll try to find a contact person for you.
SHOT OUT FOLLOW them 4 FOLLOW BACK
RT : Top 10 Social Media Events that Shook the World: 7. British royal wedding, Made up 70+% of all social media mentions....
RT #Republican because I fight for my freedom to be uninformed, uneducated, uncompromising, intolerant, and unjust
I'm pretty sure I just met the most annoying person in the world
I love you too sexy face!
S/O for comin thru and droppin some knowledge on some young up-and-coming producers
Hanging in there... finishing my first year of my new job. Can't wait for year too. Less stressful. How are you?
watching the bears game and were losing
I can take it. See you in Fayetteville this fall.
You're a beautiful girl, and you can do anything you want in life. - Jeanine Pirro
I can't reply to your DM unless you start following me... which would be great either way.
Thanks for the RT and spreading the word!
I feel like all of you should text momma Sprinkle and tell her Happy Mothers Day and thank her birthing this red-bearded beauty bear 7531776
A blast it's so nice to get away, and Lake Sweetwater down in Brown County I love it here, have you been in SC all break?
": be a G and go on at like 1 am and ill play you"i can do this!madden n to 2k
Ohh beautiful Springpad iPad app, why must you distract me from studying for my Russian Lit exam :).
just watching secret life and waiting on eli. Lol.
In case you were wondering what to watch on television, Navy SEALs is on Fox 12 right now. You're welcome.
To find vols for transcription, use google -- look for existing interest groups online that would care abt what you're doing.
You got that right. I don't give a damn who likes it, I'm always gonna be just me. I don't ever pretend to be someone I'm not
Taken modenine lyrics as valium can't sleep
True story. I've gone out w/ lots of bitches in the past couple yrs. Ready for a real woman, lol
Taking a scientific approach is the best way, as you said. Hypothesis, change, test, reconsider... repeat.
congrats! Prestigious victory. UCLA is proud of your defensive performance. OK i'm ready for the offseason now.
some call me radical, I call myself realistic
Party at my house
Mamas oven sound good I'm too hungry
Today in 1995, 'The Charlatans' by the Charlatans reaches
“: #Aquarius <U+2652> . JAN-20 FEB-18 Ruling Planets: Saturn & Uranus Element: Air Quality: Fixed .”
we stop doing that long ago.......we might be back soon
is in the House! (Helen C. House Party, that is)
I truly dig you and I sing to your shit in my lonesome cuz it just feels so real to me
I'm not alone!
Call me naive, but I am floored by the ridiculous racism coming out of Boston after the Caps victory and Ward's goal. Shameful.
The Heat are DOMINATING!!
#njtechme hearing about this Borg like device from Stevens student
We can only be said to be alive in those moments when our hearts are conscious of our treasures
I'm happiest when I'm swearing at the homeless
Change of environment = Fresh perspective. Fresh perspective = Opport to hope. Hope = Fuel to work, create & love. (via )
I want to be a stand-in eater for Best Thing I Ever Ate!! Please!
Just arrived in new York so stoked miss you brotha!!!
PLEASE END>>>
The enemy is a thief in the night and ready to steal your joy at every opportunity. Don't let him! #OurGodIsGreater!!
Oddly, I'm finding myself compiling a mental list of things I will miss when we move. 1) my favorite coffee place 2) no traffic 3) Fresh air
At Verizon. Momma's Droid1 may have finally bit the dust!
listen to ur show every morn. WTF is chili doing on the radio. All he says is, "what?!" Shouldnt u have some sort of a vocab.
If my next adventure race involves blowing leaves look out!
So many librarians, only so much wifi!
hey girl all the vi s trying to get together for crystals show in Lima Ohio on Aug 3 you should come wuld love to meet you
good to know.
OH..SPELL CHECK BOGUS <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0080> RT : It's hilarious Marv.
any suggestions to avoid the dry mess? we have 2 dz eggs to eat!
Going to watch #Raw for the first time in FOREVER. Blocking out the world BYE.
instead of saying 'right' she said 'white' lmao
Thanks for the shout-out! You are fabulous. Have a great Friday!
Of that bunch I like VY (Moss in town), Fitzpatrick (surprisingly doing well), and possibly Garrard.
Thanks supporters who tweet me. Now I know you can't be trusted as well.
LloydMartin is fun, but haven't had their c'tails.
The U.S. Senate confirmed Adam Namm as the new U.S. Ambassador to Ecuador.
you're a weirdo. =p
Ball out today Mr. Simmons
Is it sad that I found out was home from an app? Haha
Puppies have a special place in my heart, they make me so happy :)
#waystoimpressme open doors for me!
So....I guess I remember this next year before I go out and buy bottles for everyone else's birthdays.
Hey, do you know who is organizing the Austin Beer Fest? None of the contact forms on the site seem to be working.
#wmata disaster this morning to race. Train offloaded and made us late. No special treatment after all!!
zoiks! the way this is starting out...this may be a rough, rough weekend (...but in a good way...hehehehe)
Makin mistaks is fun sometimes
You'd swear my house just survived WWII. Crying, yelling, barking and more.
You bother the crap outta me. Why won't you let me ask you ONE QUESTION? I did everything for you..
#Weight-Loss: Hormonal control is the key to #weight-control. It is possible to achieve this with #diet. Avoid #carbohydrates excess.
if ya really hated me you should be brave enough to tell me
San Diego in for a good show. Damn wish i was there aha
#np If There's Love by Citizen Cope
*hugs you tight* how have you been? <333
that awkward moment when you argue with you parents about something then you both realize you both were wrong
RT : I wanna go to Di Pasquales..italian food..yum..
I was truly blessed t/know Madeleine.L'Engle.Remembering now as I struggle w/revisions how she was there for me!
done. it comes from ""
": #FF She's only like 4'9" but she's still good for a laff lol"((u funny
#CreativeCloud yea demo time
S/O to all the dads today! We hope you have a great Father's Day!
Me too, me too! it got great ratings too!
BOOING a HURT players is NEVER acceptable. Saying it's just called "playing physical" is such a shame. No room on my timeline for that!!
#SWIMLounge offers pool time snacks for kids & thirst quenching vacation drinks like Mai Tais & Mojitos. Come sip today:...
looking for online space where lots of varied professionals in one org can share, learn, and develop strong bonds
This is getting ridiculous.
Fuck im tired.
And I never thought I'd say this, but Drew Stubbs has been absolutely tearing it up offensively!
it's 5am do you know where your kid is at? LOL
NASCAR, gay rights, abortion, vagazzling and boob jobs all in the same improv
It's obvious the does not want the Heat to lose in the first round. This is not sports we are watching.
what's the 411 on the opening night??
Listening to guest speaker from Marvin Poer speak at our Midwest sales summit about how much he needs his costar. Good stuff!
just applied for summer graduation.... *gulp*
Take Advantage of our weekend specials!!!
Today in physics my teacher said "the light doesn't only move in ONE DIRECTION" I almost fell off my chair
In McDonald mclovin life with John and Gaby. No twitter (:
Is there any in-depth side-by-side analysis of PIPA and SOPA available out there?
Is something going on special today?? :).
Working the reflex points in the feet and hands improves circulation, brings more oxygen, stimulates the nerves, and generally feels great!
Can't sleep like always! So much on my mind
i like bitches who like to get right with it..
Can we talk about the Queen and her pocketbook?
i love your hair.
You know what #GetsMeMad every asshole that doesnt believe in turn signals
oh! Lol! I had a slow ass moment
I watched it I watched it. Ghosts!
#Onlymygrandparents would 1) have 3 recyclable bags from ABC liquors and 2)come back from ABC with the bags filled.
i can't wait till my Hunger Game books get here.. im still gonna go to Barnes and Noble to buy more books..
In the past hour, I have literally sneezed once every two minutes. If I get sick, someone's getting punched in the face.
Wow! Really impressed with the new business model. Great idea!
observation: "mans" is not spellchecked but "womans" is
is anybody else up, this early? Who doesnt have school? Exactly.
Ski North Ga Yes Georgia Sky Valley Clayton Ga on NC Border RT
Having to go find public wifi bc the hotel connection is slower than dial-up
B-O-O-S-I-E B-A-D-A-Z-Z that's me! Red bone caramel all of em stop and stare. all of em trying to steal my underwear...WIPE ME DOWN!
hahaha i know right! add me ill delete someone right now! lol gt is jenny gunz
yes this is real! Can you get a plane flight to NJ by Sat? We'll ship the tix now. Recipient must be 18yrs+.
#everfeellike there aren't true real friends anymore?
Ya, got pretty drunk off the Four Loko...
High, wide, and Happy. RT : Harvick is mowin' down the roses...
Smoke sum'n today, tho. RT : Smoke a lil weed but her shit together.
Looking forward to the Miami 5K tomorrow
"As one door closes, another door opens. The are no mistakes in the Universe"
Everybody's an artist. Everyone's God. It's just that they're inhibited - Yoko Ono
Which is better, drinking a poison because you love its taste or denying the experience of pain for fear of what you might learn & feel?
Just finished first group meeting for #LIBR283. 1st group decision: postpone our meeting until Sunday @ 8:30pm.
Retweets for James J. McDonnell by campaign team tonight.
RT : This Viking fan doesn't want #4 and feels so strongly about it he will drop the team he has spent 29 years rooting for.
Simply tell us who you think will play in the Super Bowl for a chance to win $10! Reply w/answer to enter. Ends today!
Chilln in the student center
Abc announcers so delusional. World peace never even saw who was behind him. He could have been hitting his own guy for all he knew.
avoiding busy-ness today and focused on what matters most.
Hey! Weeks wasn't a fuckup!
Trip over a storm at your own risk, unless it's a friendly storm.
Funny how can always squeeze out just a little more toothpaste if you really have to.
WE GOT ENUFF TO START A TOUR... WHADDUP
#IfGiaWasMyWife well ya know it's going down! #LesbiHonest <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
getting ready to sign with FBI
First half commercials very disappointing. And the social media pre-game hype only adds to the ad letdown.
Break a leg my friend.
I will never set foot in North Carolina, or any state that votes for discrimination on any level.
Drinkin moonshine w/ Fierce Creatures, who have adopted me.
Admit it. At one point in your life you pretended that the floor was hot lava and if you stepped on it you'd die.
They are the best, right? That performance closes the film. Hope you enjoyed it...
was it the bartender then? Idk he called me like buggn over an onion booty haha had me dyinnnnnn
you just want to melt down! i won't!! (putting my hand to my feverish brow) i won't! you won"t break me again! NO! got doughuts?
hm...hate is such a strong word. Teehee :P How about I just throw something at you? lolz
Hey Big Sissssssss!!!(:
RT #music101 Don't keep tellin me ur Movement/Campaign is "CRAZY" when u hav less than 500 Followers, Likes, etc Be Humble & Grind
Can it please be like this outside on Friday? #brewers #openingday CAN'T WAIT!!
awesome! Just got back from canoeing for 5 hrs!!! So much fun!
if a guy cries its not cuz his pussy... its cuz he's really hurt.
Beautiful fall weather makes for gorgeous salads at ! Come on out tonight, it's fish Fryday!!
The whole shebang, so to speak.
I am Trayvon Martin,Ramarley Graham,Rekia Boyd,Kenneth Chamberlin,Troy Davis,Sean Bell, Jarrel Gray!Damn I am way 2 many ppl! Stop!
Good morning
Did you know that even if you're married, out of the house, and working, you can still be on the 'rents insurance until 26?
baby I miss you
give the defense and the kicker the offenses salary.
“Do not overspend trying to make a super-elaborate presentation”
Zack, I'm not a matador so take the bull outside
I need to get my sleep cuz in two weeks I defiantly won't be gettin any...
is back w/ another #speedbusters Monday night on #TMJ4. We go 2 Greenfield where neighbors literally cheered when we showed up!
We could but u just putting it out on twitter . But its w.e idgaf if u like me or not .
Happy Easter from Uncle Jim's Foods!
First I should respect me like am doing that 2 U...then..my question is...Do U hate arabs ? If yeah..tell me why..?!
Hey Big Papi sweet sun glasses bro. You look like a douche with those colored lenses. It's not 1996 anymore
I heard that you settled down, that you found a girl, that you're married now.
Can't sleep
We live in an era of 'self promotion'. As amazing as everyones lives seem to be, It's important to realize that nobodies life is perfect.
just had a deep moment when I was writing
The merciful man does good for his own soul, but he who is cruel troubles his own flesh. Proverbs 11:17
Ladies and Gentlemen, The A, Z, and A, N, S, R, will be running a little funny today. Sari for the inconvenience.
Not one player on the current Clippers roster was on the 2006 team the last time they won a first round playoff series (vs. Denver in 5).
Liberty Mountain on ENews! Awesome
Hey , thanks for yet another distraction from studying for finals.. In the meantime.. Download Heads up with Christiano!
Has to sleep on the couch tonight. #ohjoy -_-
Loving my first Love....Its what comes Natural, Composing all day:)
how tall is Derek Smits?
People who don't know how to play wwf <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>
People that complain about others being annoying are just as annoying as the people theyre complaining about
Lmfao i kinda figured.
I have been wearing a hat all day.
finally done with grading/ending this is bittersweet
imm good too , lol a little bit in vocation but i never saw you in Rd .:S loveu.<3
Wow! What an awesome #ABAchat thanks to for facilitating. Signing off. Goodnight all.
Fair. We are KILLING it on the Simpsons.
Holy shit I have an audition for a television pilot!!!
Observing tweets w/ BSE vs Mad Cow.Good info.under 1st fear&speculation under 2nd.How2get #BSE info 2 people who only know #madcow?
Me and Ms. Jones we gotta thing going on.
sup sup sup
I c u ontop of shit with the quickness my dude!!! Let's Win!!!
I LOVE YOU. HAD MY PHONE. THEN DIDN'T. THEN DID. AND NOW IM ON MY MOMS PHONE BECAUSE SHE FOUND MI LAPTOP.
I'll be in VEGAS in 2 days! I want to come check out Surrender!!
Mexican food <3 YES.
Just got back from Jersey...Had a snooki sighting..Had a blast!
thanks for the follow! Interested in #publicdiplomacy?
not very good bro
It is not known precisely where angels dwell whether in the air, the void, or the planets
One and done is an NBA rule.
Happy Friday! Have a safe weekend!
Stop trying to manage so many sites I guess [not sure which are yours]. Hard to divide time.
wow!, LA that is outstanding!
Never let anyone tell you you is not BEAUTIFUL .
True and there's a tip must not be a magnum!
we do not yet have an Android app... iPhone only for now
What others think of you is really none of your business when you think about it
So sick of being sick.
is he verified?
Obama endorsed it, and also said its a state's decision. NY = ball rolling. I bet he jumps on.
Praying for to have an encouraging night. Trust that God is in control!
Justin's favorite quote account - go follow her :))
is lame for hacking my twitter :P
do not use Morris Jenkins in Charlotte NC area
Definitely going to need to see the film. The webcam kept blanking out on me. :(
Happy to see over office today.
you swear you gonna influence me to name my son some bullshit. Lmao
What else is there to say. Sad day for the tech world! “I want to put a ding in the universe.” -RIP Steve Jobs
October 18th, 2012. Where will you be?
Twitter Poll! Where do you buy your Banzai Sushi? A) Banzai Website B) Walmart C) Costco D) HEB E) Other (specify) - Thank you!
First stop in Boston after getting rental car? Neptune Oyster for lobster rolls. thinks we need to share one next time.
haha okay I see how it is then!
SocialToaster is still hiring. Sales positions open in Baltimore, New York and Los Angeles. If interested contact:
thank you! I'll keep working!
insecurity? How? Your fucking beautiful Summer!!
“: need West Ham to keep fighting !!! #team #edge” Absolutely YES
Bobcat on #Waitwait this week so....its kinda like #Xmas for me
I have school tomorrow. Fuck.... This makes me unbelievably sad. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
#ASTD2012 the single best strategy for implementing a Sales Enablement initiative is to do a pilot before you roll it out on a large scale
you bringing the LYT and YT?
blessed to be connected.....muah
I regret the spree!!!!
spot on now if I'm ever missing Whitney I can just get a tweet serenade from you dr
so wut do u think bout dat
Time to wrap up! Hope you enjoyed this hour of #wine chat with #Sommelier Daniel
today's national peanut butter day? today just got x1000 cooler!
2 summer drinks selected. target + abc store. IT'S ON DINNER PARY. I'VE GOT MY EYE ON YOU.
It's so over.
sushi boat = good
Coulda went to Dell Taco but she doesn't like Mexican food. I guess most Cubanas don't.
choose wisely! only have time to give love + receive it nothing else lasts this seems fragile yet all else vanishes (Spanish: desvanece
"Stop to Smell the Roses" is a powerful metaphor for sensing the presence of life or spirit. ~ Maria Carter
lets get this kid trending
was awesome on Modern Family!! Will that be a recurring role? Hope so!
Dudes... do you rock pastel colors in Spring? Let's see it!
RT Among 1000 men who smoke 1 will b murdered 6 will die in traffic accident 250 will die from smoking diseases
Time to hit the streets... My new album titled RealTalk33147 Hits ITunes Real Soon..... Keep You Posted
Im going to canada this summer!
You come down & go straight up again
I'm gonna be better at responding to pinterest comments now. Yesterday I made filter to forward comments to my real email address
are you FUCKING kidding me!?
He will be shirtless. That's a fact.
get that money
Tips To Understand The Google Penguin Update | What You Need ...
I would like to be your first RT please -RT
Okay, that's not normal. My youngest is ~6 months younger than Mini, and biting hasn't even come up in YEARS.
Go follow my new twitter gf ----> :D
RIP Levon. Thank you for the music.
We will be showing the Kansas exhibition game tonight! Go Jayhawks!!!
Great! RT : Affirmations are statements to affirm a new thought and thereby create a new outcome.
Need gas money? Can you lift 50-70 lbs of clothes/materials? I need YOUR help. Dial 2104180375!
All I wanna do right now is get my wank on.
For all our college #LevelUp-ers we know how awful finals can be but w/ 300 merchants there will always be relief - did we mention bars?
seeing Travis Outlaw 2 times in 8 days inspire you to write a "Top 10 Worst NBA Contracts Ever" column?
even though her team killed ours, good game
I'll take under at 3.
No stress! The Physics 6B review is this Friday (5/18) at 6pm!
Isn't that a version of Ubuntu?
celebratin earth day a bit, hopefully watchin avatar later, then headed home for the weekend to climb and chill in b-rip
check out this week's time out - let the good times begin!
Kind words are never wasted. Like scattered seeds, they spring up in unexpected places
RT if you love shoes! What's your favorite brand?
Ice t on relationships: "keep everything going on in the relationship right on the front burner so that both people know the climate."
Obviously #AllGirlsWantIs attention
“Your best chance to get a Royal Flush in a casino is in the bathroom.” ~V.P. Pappy
she is not responding to me, I am sure it becuz she doesn't know me. Please ask her to respond!!
That's good news. Are you not going to see the new baby?
It's going down today at Marlee's Coffee & Tea House come & experience "TAKEN" by ReDeLee.
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 293
The effervescence of Romney Gone WRong.... pretty much recycled. But welcome back, Jeffrey.
very glad to hear!!! :)
Snow day in Dallas- good day to explore curriculum ideas
Sadly, I don't think I'm dedicated enough to distinguish between the teacups!
ignore the 10 hour delay and the answer is great what up
STAYED UP TIL 3AM PLAYING THE GUITAR AND JAMMING TO SUM #CLASSICROCK&ROLL. IM STILL GOING TO MAKE IT TO WORK ON TIME THOUGH.
Selena is on!!
“U r welcome! Thank U!”
It's like you're in this world and theres no way out.
;) yupRT : Fuck ya height is ya dick big?
Mm, C u Wed for #ypweek Lunch n Learn @ sosh MT : Yep, we'll be there next week. Can't wait..great week
You owe me mofo
Kony 2012 came and went faster than The Macarena
nun takin I knew wat u meant :)
Turn on your defrost Eric I don't wanna die.
Thank you for the follow Floppy~! I hope you time in the Washing Machine was a gentle one.((Hugs))
Thanks! I will.
DailyHookahTip#72: If you must use everyday aluminum foil, put the shiny side down to reduce carcinogen intake and reflect heat better.
I have my Bumgravy hat ready to go.
#ff next week at !
Layover in vegas. It's never too early to gamble right?
You need to try the Ghirardelli Lombard Street Hot Chocolate! The warmth will soothe you while the chocolate does the job!
Bylsma: "We need everybody at their best for Game 6."
ever have the Peking Duck at the Peking Duck house in NYC? yum!
You're most welcome.
Ashlyn - good to see you!
Thanks! RT Hey #indy, another late #FF: my neighbor & kick-ass restaurant Drunken noodles w/chicken=my fave
I don't wanna get in any relationships because school is almost over and I will barely be in oklahoma... But I really like oscar.
GoodNight World
Are you serious!? I am SO glad I didn't eat one of those, hahaha! :]
It's pretty exciting to have someone flying in from Boise to attend the on Oct. 11th.
my frend said she told u to... Were u " the great cornholio"?
- if it's not visibly damaged, it can probably be fixed for ~$20. Call a garage - don't use Fix-a-Flat.
All I gotta say is Libertarians are the biggest tools for the 1%.
One last chance to reverse this curse
I can’t stand the sound of people eating for some reason and this year I had to boom operate for two major dinner scenes - torture.
LOVE the Avi
Bed time
LET ME SEE YOU POP THAT BODY!
On a boat because TheWife wants to see "expensive" houses. Waiting for the seasickness to start.
Call me!!! Never got your message before. Can't wait to see you!!!!!!
I think it’s great that your new book has international cuisines in it. Which region's cuisines are featured?!
yeah not too bad! Haha :)
And now, rain!
Just bought a pair of ray bans. And a mustache ring lol
retweet me and help me grow my accessories business! Handmade and custom! W.attagirlbykedrin.com :)
Keep calm and play on:)
I feel like my "Skinny-days" always fall on days I'm not getting naked.
I kinda screamed a lil when I seen that there was gunna b a super you n me stage at edc... once again the best part of Vegas
why cant i sleep? :/
Tweeter it is. I knew you'd have the answer. You're good like that :-)
only if I can ride on your bikes handlebars
#bittersweet yotes gettin their ass beat this series is awesome but also makes the hawks look that much worse
Has anyone picked up the new issue #63 of Indie Slate magazine? There's an article about &
I hate him so much, Dan.
yeah I just realized that after looking her up. Wonder why the Chronicle would even let her blog for them...
I can't believe this was the year we were supposed to lock up Kony and instead we lock up the guy who wants to stop him.
you’ll never know what might of happened tomorrow.
We have plenty of presale tickets for Saturday! Get ahold of or Atch for some!
if u get a chance, u dont know me but I luv u 2 from a distance..I wrote a poem for BK..I hope she c it on her fbook.nuthinbutluv
Cellar? For the lack of blood at the crime scene, is it possible that she was attacked in one or many of the rooms in the basement before
had some seeds un plastic bags should be interesting
The awkward moment when you don't know how to tell someone you can see their nipple, and it isn't pretty. :/
let's go back! Rack city
I've Been Making music a long time, and I still love it like the first time!
The Glenn Miller Orchestra performs at the Cross Creek Country Club in Mount Airy, NC on 4/5/11 @ 8pm.
YOU ALL ROCK!!! Thanks for the love!
Hm, Newbie, here. why would one choose to do that...and should I be doing so?
Shout out to the talented and beautiful for winning Golden Eagle..im pretty sure no one else had a chance lol
My head is POUNDING
it's going to be a long list
haha its all good man... grub hard son
LSU fan in post-BCS video sues Ala. man
355: Gorgonzola = delicious, delicious gratitude in every little morsel. Pair with a little Pinot Noir, and this is one happy girl.
Good luck with your test! Flash cards are a great way to study
Of course I like the whole single, party, fun thing. But sometimes, I wouldn't mind the whole cuddling, holding hands, I'm-his-girl thing.
@ subway they are taking 4 eva
I Think It Was A Great Decision To Save Jessica
Watching "The Boy In The Striped Pajamas" this is such a great movie!!!!!!
Is there a Gonesh scent that you've never tried that you're just dying to get a whiff of?? Post the scent and I'll make it 1/2 off!
plz that bitch knew better she cracked me over the head with a bookbag full of books after and busted the g boi
u never return my calls, what's up with that needy bro?
I've had a this strong independent face on for so long I started to believe I wasn't hurt, until you walked into the door... Please leave.
is a bit lit. Yep. um - what was I saying?
I'm not sure what the means but it sounds kinda geeky..lol
Hi Jenn. Hope your day has been full of smiles & blessings. How's the business going?
yep PHP will take awhile to learn. I don't know much but hopefully soon. Besides html, css, js, I can code a little in Python.
I hope that Shannon Dougherty can afford to stop doing these online college commercials now that he has a degree in Liberal Arts.
OUCH, I'm sorry :(
oh...that's right! Hehe...No wonder people got mad when I use hi- er...I've seen clips. Raw robo-bug, huh? xD
Hey june words cannot describe how much i missed you...
Aww buddy, I love that you said that! I guess I do talk about her a lot, don't I? I'll tell her you said that, she will love it.<3
Adam, Conrad, and Silas had Michael Hall sit in on a sweet jazz set tonight
Tomorrow is our first "Agency Appreciation Luncheon" from 11:30-1 in the AE England building. Thanks to all for their help w/ our students
RT : I hope you have a productive week! But if you're reading this that's already impossible.
jk jordan knight up on the 17th... mine im old as hell in August
“If your ship doesn’t come in, swim out to meet it!” Jonathan Winters
walking around my beautiful neighborhood and blow'n those morning bowlskee's
Just realized us #nicaraguans have that big wavy hair <3
Lizard Lick Towing. Watched it yesterday. Its Larry the Cable Guy meets Jersey Shore! VERY entertaining trian wreck!!!
It seem like at least 1 person piss me off per day!!
Done texting you first. If you wanna talk, you know my number.
you have 2 be when getting involved with a woman that wants 2 "beat the sh*t out of ppl with a pillowcase full of soap bars"
Hi Solome. I sent you an email. Super excited about your site.
there he is Mr.Incredible!!
'I personally believe that here in #South Africa, with all our diversities of colour and race, we will show the world a new pattern for...
Did McCain said "regrettably Long Island is part of United States of America..." What's that even mean??!!
and I challenge you to a prank war, since chicago is your prank city.
Woke up smiling...can't remember the last time that happened
thanks. I knew you had my back.
some people have sucky attitudes
It should be 1.
Pittsburgh: october 8th @ Altar bar, unwritten law, the ataris, and the spacepimps!
Word on the street we watching the Fight this weeknd at house.
You have to feel badly for the retail investors entering mkt orders on $LNKD. They don't know any better. Nice story on BI.
He's shown me something in the few practices I've seen. Good ball handling skills, great speed & vision.
#glutenfree Our Menu Features Many GF Items for All to Enjoy ~ Come By For Some Tasty, Organic, Vegan Goodies From Chef One Vote Wes Hannah
Back on the bbm. Feels like I just cheated on my wife for a month...
really though.
Last minute gifts? Roots will b open for gift cards until 2. happy holidays to all. 12/24
Be a good Texan. Buy an extended cab pickup. Don't forget the horse trailer! ;-)
Believe in evereything because everythings reachable
It's a social revolution we are experiencing
That last part of the #WalkingDead had me in literal tears... I can't even handle this.
and are goin HAM on the ones and twos!!!
why thank you.
My finger looks hell of swollen :\
That story made my day. That's one step up from the Saints painting seats diff. colors to make it look like they had fans back in the 90's.
Loving the new #SkinsUK cast
Happy Birthday !!
classic look on that lady's face! Thanks for the fun tweet.
for the follow!! :)
#sopastrike tomorrow means I won't be online. No twitter, google+, no anything. Retweet. Let's make Twitter inactive!
I am back in Chicago...I already killed the last of my ice cream & Im in my first cycle in my massage chair...Happiness is my massage chair!
you were just tweeting on live tv....
Work was caraaaaaazay! Goodnight!
Haha in my hometown
yep the quicker picker upper
infrared is naked to the human eye. you'd need cyborg vision for this too work.
. Neither were "Harry" and "Louise." Personification works.
he did but sent down when I got there so kicked it in Milwaukee last night chillin in Nashville until Tuesday
Memorial Day. Make it happen.
Target's kid in gecko Halloween costume w/ candy hands commercial = HILARIOUS!
Just beat in KC and he claims he got a gameplay lol
Last day Master Singing Teacher 's video will be featured on MasterTalentTeachers.com. Be sure to watch and share!
Sleep all day, pokemon all night.
Who cares about chocolate bunnies, when you can get your hands on a chocolate cream stick?
My Ex 33 year old bf is less mature than any other boyfriend I ever had. .... Wow...
Jeallll I missed her Chicago concert due to work.
In a #bachelorette first, there's an African-American contestant & she sent him home on the1st night. Will the media discuss this tomorrow?
One last erudite thought before I go: Was it me or was JLo's nipple playing peekaboo with the camera last night?
THE RUMORS ARE TRUE. Only two more chances to experience our party before we have to go to bed. Tomorrow at Grudge Rock is the next.
Warroad and Breck both earned their fifth berths. The Warriors are two-time defending champs, beating the Mustangs in 2010 for the title.
Now that the #kyderby is over, the rest of the country can go back to clowning on us.
Fuck virtual school, pool with my brother B)
Nice meeting you today ! Thanks for showing us around :)
I will, and it's Cameron's fault you know.
If they thought that the majority of Americans sided with them, they wouldn't make voter regulation laws.
Randomly chose the least worst film in 'comedies' on Hulu and so far 'bass ackwards' seems awfully depressing!
Ref calling some bull
come check us out today and tomorrow booth 246!
Sounded like the author opposes corporate ownership & wanted to needle Chris about it. Glad all were in on the jk
Worked an 8 hour shift today... It was suppose to be my day off, but whatever... I have Saturday off now! :)
It only get better bro, u da mann tho
Pres. Day, Mardi Gras, & ash wed? Get f*cked up all week then pray 4 redemption!
Uhm.... Who are you?
Happy Mother's Day! Thankful to have such a wonderfully supportive momma!
When leisurely triva gives way to karaoke...I can now cross singing Abba with a Brit off the todo list!
Q from audience for Joan: are there materials that don't melt? A: yes, carbonate materials. Would be fun to make paints from them!
Nutson&#39;s Nuggets: Last Week&#39;s (April 23-29 ) Automotive News In Case You Were Sleeping
I think / should win the #ultralight startup pitch showdown!
WHY r u awake and is today day 1?
What program did you go through?!
Game is now delayed as we have lightning once again in the area. Stay tuned for updates
been very busy. Still am - perhaps more so soon. Ah well...
oh you know just everything. Especially that my hair is way to fly because of our tools :) I'm pumped for show weekend in MA :)
very interested to see what we can do with video out in the cloud though.
Dis douche tweeted me sum BS earlier! Lets #CyberBomb his ASS!!!
It was great to see everybody again though :-)
so happy to see you! If you grab drinks to celebrate your hard work today, let me know.
Its it just me, or is Doc extra shrill tonight?
Thanks for the shout out!
LOVE is all that i can give to you. LOVE is more than just a game for two. TWO in love can make it, take my heart & plzz dont break it.
We're 10 minutes away from kickoff on senior night here at the FIU Soccer Stadium!
That Akwrad Moment When You Walk Into Class Late, And Everyone Is Staring At You Like You Killed Someone :)
RT We are shaped by our thoughts...we become what we think
When I was a kid, my mom used to send me to school with rocks in my pockets on windy days like this, so I wouldn't blow away.
A movie shoot in Philly, how exciting.
NILF. NILF. NILF. NILF. I love that Woman more than Sue you know, what?
Going shopping for foam board today to make a design wall that I can actually pin quilt pieces to...my felt sheet just isn't cutting it.
yep seen that one. I've done all kinds of crazy juicing!
Yep! Can't wait to eat it all (well, not all the Cookie Butter :)
I have a secret... I hate Yadier Molina
Solid tweet. RT : That lost dog that ran by my bus stop must be cold. I would've ran after it but I was in the car.
Spring break at the Ivory Room! Music tonight and all next week! Richard Shaten right now..
THE LYONS, with Linda Lavin and Dick Latessa, opens on Broadway tonight!
There was a Guess Who in Corvallis OR last summer, I thought it was Jim Kale. Doesn't he have rights to the name?
#SkillsOnAThugsResume played basketball for John Cheney
All you femme fatales need to stop on by Whiskey Chicks from 10-11 for free beer TONIGHT. Catch 100 Bones tonight too!
alright friends....please bare with us as we learn about time line!
you will be famous one day!
At the same time as they are making the Hobbit they're asking fans to vote on actors for the Runelords picture.
When Allie moves back in with Noah >>>>>> :') tears are fallin'
I'm sure the or the might be able to steer you in the right direction on that front.
Me and are retawded.
you mean like funding the military or death penalty?
do u like 2 have sex
Any plans for good wine this weekend???
Happy December! Anyone excited for a new website? Because we are. It is our Christmas present to you!!
I NEED a vacation asap -___-
I worked with John on CHINA BEACH.
Don't forget to check out The Center at the Ohio Bridal Expo this Sunday 11-4 at the Savannah Center in West Chester!
Next question: "What happens to contracts, funding, etc. from the Gates Foundation if school systems consolidate?"
Brunch today from 11 to 3. We've got a great menu, 2-4-1 Bloodies and Mimosas and full service espresso bar.
Great example of a blogging Mom. More power to you, Lisa!
RT : "Don't let your occupation run all over your salvation." is preaching at the Expo!
we got you covered in kettlebells, sandbags, boxes, dumbbells, slam balls, squat racks, and rings/flex bands!
Allen and Delancy is now Mary Queen of Scots
How Bout Them Cowboys...Woo....Do You Think Wade is Gone?
Forced to be able to say what you really feel -.-
- Wow! Priceless!
That's so gross.
thanks Alyssa! Great meeting you too. I checked out your site and it looks like you do great work. Enjoy your time in NYC!
": Shot clock violation!!" Are you watching the Pacers game
Ms. Duff tells the Board that their actions to remove FLES and replace it with an immersion program in one region is not equitable for LOCO.
Lindy Fix tonight at 8 at the Polish Cadet's Hall :) Lesson with Mark and Miller! DJ Mark!
Check Out SwagSwage Fam New Track By n
Mark your calendar; come to the Arts and Sciences Honors and Awards Convocation, Friday, April 13th at 6 pm in the University Auditorium.
The sun sets in Phoenix. The SB1070'ers are staying at the ballpark till late. The neighborhood is quiet. Cat's are musing.
Why do politicians tack on "susp" to "ends" when talking about their campaigns?
Damn! My iPod falling already in 1,2,3,4th time! ?? I hope there's nothing Happen!!!
Great! Also are we supposed to have our style tiles printed or just digital for class tomorrow?
when are you in the bucktown area?
Floyd Mayweather&#39;s relationship with father runs deeper than boxing ...
Check out our new website...it got a facelift! What do you think? www.sdnhm.org
Too bad I didn't bet! Fun day watching all of the festivities!
Just found out air boating ruins the wetlands, so skipping that to hug some mangroves instead.
What design were you thinking?RT : Prolly >> RT : Any of my followers can draw tattoo designs well?
follow up question: who is it that would be deciding that? what exactly is "fairness"? and what does "death" actually look like?
Ladies only, FYI! Thanks for the publicity!
We are very excited that owner Chris Regis will be taping a segment for Sustainable Today TV! Stay tuned for broadcast times.
Yes maam I am! Looking forward to chatting and catching up with you :)
thanks for the shoutout :D
It's National Teacher Day! Tell us about a teacher that left an impact on you...go!
You should get on Packer Transplants as well! RT Then doing Pack Attack show tonight.
Writing a report on Russia <
Peggy Peggy help Peggy ...
Back to back graduations. At the SBA graduation now with and Lauren. Rock n Roll.
"For success, you need to just get in there and learn" Ideation (tech term) = make it up (what it really means!)
Just lost 240
good morning dolls <3
Attention! Follow this local wino:
I go Jacob with 25 thou' you go with 25 hunned' WOW. I got 11 plaques on my walls right now, you got your first gold single damn nigga, wow.
I really should. No joke.
Im back home yes. Loving her!
Bar time for some #booze Cheers!!
Hey thanks for the follow. My sister used to work in PR at Symantec here in LA.
NBA Draft Time!! First pick Kyrie Irving...
New fast start bonus starts today!
is it true raw is going to be 3 hours for good or just for Monday ?
Hey guys help us get to 1600 fans today on Facebook! We are going to have one song up(Your choice) for download for 2 weeks!!
We are on the ground at ! Loving all the new concept cars and SUPER excited for the new Lamborghini LP 550-2 Spyder!!!
So thankful to be alive and in good health. I am so blessed!!
thx for the follow.
Now on train in Southampton heading back to London for last stage of #TourofBritain, might actually do some research afterward.
Done, done, and DONE!
have fun, ladies! Let's plan something soon!! Xxoo
After all, I was 18 when I got my ears pierced, and I still forget to wear the damned things. I do enjoy making earrings though :o)
Haroun and the Pond of Prose Fiction
What time do ya'll start:)?
#10BasicFactsAboutMe 5. I have two hermit crabs, Kate and Shelby. Kate is really nice an likes to crawl on me and Shelby refuses to come out
Up at 5:45am.... -__- making sure I've got everything packed up and ready to go.
Wow... RT : Kurt Cobain committed suicide. Did he play football?
Hunger Games! So excited! Want go!
To maby gizzards
okay. Thanks for the update.
South-Korean or north Korean :)
80 Metropolitan is going to be featured on Selling New York on HGTV tonight at 9pm. Tune in!
The things that trend on twitter is just wayy too much, lmfaoo. <3
A whole lot overwhelmed at the moment
In Wisconsin
Servant leaders must be willing to train & be trained - Vicki Clark
Thanks, ! The CD Release show will be at the Driskill Hotel in Austin, May 24, 7 PM. So excited!
Doing math problems all night. I need to pass that fucking test tommorow -.-
"the world will be ruined not by evil people but by those who sit quietly and do nothing."
Why did he do that
did you sell the condo?
I'm feeling the same way in NYC! Weird, but lovin' it :)
okay I will sorry have not followed you but aora and :) Sorry! <U+2665>
Why am I not surprised that Theo Bos caused the crash today.
imma get it soon I'm jus driving(:
#ImTheTypeOfGirlfriend that would watch a basketball game with you instead of going shopping
After at least 20 yrs. in the buisness, Big Show gets fired? Really? Really?
We have Cheese Steak Hoagies today...with sautéed peppers & onions! See you for lunch.
send me the link!
Grand Opening of Forque tomorrow at noon. Lizzy McGrath will be laid to rest...BIG processional...you won't want to miss this one!
It's really good
thank you mama(:
a man who treats his woman like a princess is a proof that he has been born and raised in the arms of a queen.
Hmm what to do today ???
Well done Jeff Long. Well done.
Havent been on here in a long time! How is everyone? :)
your welcome .
Was all over Noblesville & Fishers today - Gallery 116, Judge Stone House, HCAA Birdie Gallery, Asian Grill, etc. - with the Torch Queen.
Billy Joel - Big Shot
RT : T-minus 27 minutes till finals! Who's ready for some fast swimming?!
A man who wants to lead the orchestra must turn his back on the crowd
Also, kind of missing pager code. 55378008. or middle school calculator code. Doesn't work as well with text messages and #realnumbers. 5417
When we're on the phone and you talk real slow Cause it's late and your mama don't know <U+2665><U+2665>
I have 4 children. I sometimes wonder which of the two are the aliens on earth.
Have an awesome time-say hi to all our music buds!
Hey Jim, it might be best to wait until next semester, if possible. We would love to have you out whenever you are free!
- nice work dudes.
Hahaha!! I live it!!! Did you tell to wear red too?!?
okaaayyy , yeah you should ! then you can buy your package the next time you come
when do you gotta present
Have you set it up so that it will update your FB yet?
#DDManassas sprinkles in a 6 pound box?
how's doing?
GO FOR IT. lmao
thanks for the details! good to know!
Take your destiny, don't wait for it....
Just have to try and top it!
For much more information on #clickerTraining we recommend Reaching the Animal Mind by Karen Pryor. Incredible amount of info.
Any word on how you'll be celebrating #MKEDAY? Let us know and we'll get the word out!
indeed! I thought the jayhawks were plucked!
That depressing moment when you get in one little fight & your mom gets scared, so you move in with your auntie & uncle in Bel-air
Happy thought: Next week at this time I'll be chillin with Emma!
snapple cap ass this dick
"Happiness is in the heart, not in the circumstances." - Author Unknown
The energy of the mind is the essence of life
by the way, who RT's that stuff..?
Enjoy the Cubs game heading to Chicago after work for Man U-Fire and the Cubs Sunday
I am officially signed up for the 24 Hours of Dino. I am riding my single Speed Gary Fisher Superfly 24 Solo!
Everyone be safe out there tonight!
thanks love!<3 we'll have to celebrate when I get back!! :)
Sunday Fun Day! Enjoy your day!
And why not? We have everything but the PGA pro part :)
NIce dude! Break a leg tonight! I will be there next week!
Happy birthday
Secret life finale is just awesome.. :D
after watching 's new string video I am both dizzy and convinced he's the next Gondry
We know it's cold outside, but our food will make your insides warm and happy. Stop in today!!
Lol I love how a bunch of pro poker players are just waking up right now like "YO STARS IS BUYING FTP"... no shit i got up 8 hours ago
One direction's on replay, its on replay <3
have a nice day !
I love it, it's so beautiful but.. I think that it looks like Demi and not like Miley :S It's my opinion, just saying :/
Back from gym; man I hate legs day. AUDJPY long working. Looking for a test of major resistance area 8470/82.
I made candied almonds for a dinner party tomorrow. I am seriously considering eating them myself and making a second batch.
haha no doubt. keep that good music coming!
it sure does ha ;) I miss ya ha
I will and would if you promise me something
Just saw my first rat in the subway...
Haha, He Does Do That.
I'm a strawberry
yea and mack
hahah don't throw your back out
Ok, when is it I'm not supposed to eat anymore in the evening? After 7? Cripes. This will be the hard part.<dude,chill
Who wants to win a autograph ?
We are at Paninis in Westlake. GAME TIME. next finishing up
Romney still wins, imo. Newt just has an oppo file that should make him hide in shame. For him to be here is incredible.
At irwin mayfields jazz playhouse for jason marsalis....no cover...best seats in the house....sweet day!
I have no clue. My parents pay the bill.
You are I are thinking the same things today. I just looked at that study too. A lot depends on how you define "industry".
At the show!!
NMSM will be spending the 24th and 25th with his family in celebration of the birth of Jesus Christ. Merry Christmas, New Mexico!
enjoying tonight's #snl been a stressy week so it's good to laugh. :)
drops the knowledge of Ben Folds 5 on studio working on a new record Nobody throws in great info any better
I need a new texting buddy!
We have new exhibitors attending MLA2011. Freegal, Hollinger Metal Edge, Medici.tv., MVD, Lo-Max, Rock's Backpages, VTLS.
those guys are all champions
Ugh. Scott Walker, worst thing to ever happen to WI.
“ I Need A New Batch Of Contacts”
is getting ready for Tailgating for a cure!, rescheduled for tomorrow (Wednesday) night! Hope to see you all there!
Nope, it's Anna Battigelli on EEBO, mining digital archives.
I haven't made any bracelets in a while.
Laws out tonight damn !
sounds challenging.... You created it, correct?
yeah it was pretty awesome ;)
u did a fantastic job speaking @ #PRSAIcon. I'll be practicing the assertiveness 1,2,3 steps. Thank u!
Been a while but im bac on it #Grinds been on 1000
. Lyric prompts? Oh, how I get that. Nothing like standing with a mic at your mouth and a blank in your head.
What a productive day today. We look forward to some great things happening in the near future. We will be making some announcements soon!
#OccupyWallst being evicted. police in riot gear. get down here if you can.
My Catherine Cookson and I are getting along famously :P I'm very tempted to start a collection of my own
Thanks. I really appreciate it and hope you're having a wonderful day.
I just can't do anything right anymore
Damn, dude are you stalking your twitter or what? lol! Love you guys!
u should come w/me to the Dallas one sometime for a release.think it's the only legitimate IMAX projection&screen in N.Texas
Hot in Cleveland and Happily Divorced tonight on TV Land starting at 10:00 PM ET/ 9:00 PM CT! Make sure to tune in!
Summer body mentality <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA> gym with once again
About to leave work in a few minutes. 7:30 can't come soon enough!
Join us for Easter Brunch Children under 10 years old eat for free with a purchase of an entrée. Please make your reservations today!
Can't sleep, dreams will eat me.
At least we're not the only team lacking from the penalty spot.
Best line of the night from to Criag Sager after the game on TNT.. "Nice suit but Easter already passed."
i already reached 1OOO (: before 2O12
Pretty Good, just listening to my whitney houston & Michael Jackson playlist! I'm in such a super happy mood! XD
not illegal. "use of outdoor grills and fireplaces to prepare food is permitted unless prohibited by the Fire Department."
perfect, ill dm u!
"What does dumb fu^k mean? "
No man has a chance to enjoy permanent success until he begins to look in a mirror for the real cause of all his mistakes.
You're also in the top ten for jazz airplay chart this week! Congrats!! P.S.-Tell Matt B. at Palmetto I say howdy.
DO YOU!!
So you Just Depend on Taking Him okay Nicka lmfaooo (:
Happy mother's day to Ms. Keller, whose son couldn't even drive home to see her
i've read articles about black youth in public libraries and i do feel the programs are a bit biased...
Thanks to I have a tempting, unopened package in my living room.
Attention : RT Our low fares just got lower with our March Fare Sale. Tell us where you want to go!
Guys, the moving walkways in airports are for walking not standing. Don't be a fatty. Au revoir y'all!
Congrats: great music video. Beautiful.
I needa massage
You don't need to be Einstein to see that it is going wrong with energy on this earth.
You caught me! :)
I hate homework. -______-
1000th tweet goes to my favorites and ! <3
If you didn't have a life you wouldn't be living silly goose!!
lmao my left calf hurts way more lmao
Boozer needs to Stop it!!
It's been a while since I did a 7 am workout. Felt good.
Watchin a scary movie called dreamhouse anybody heard of it?
LOVE ! “: as JWoww in #jerseyshoresical the jersey shore musical at The Hayworth tonight! Get it!”
GREAT READ! - Article - “Power of Play” by Karen Cernich Come join us at South Shore YMCA for Passport to Play! Be ready to play,...
Totally aware, but marketers don't write op-eds or try to date me.
Too much going on at once. Twitter is good for making one stop and think.................Okay, I thunk. Back to work!
I would love to watch on Overtime on but the stream is always choppy. :(
is this place a dome?
What was the bet?
Fitzgerald says hes the only candidate who has faced death threats and had 150 people protesting on his lawn
Doves all over my garden, but none of them are crying, so I'll have to take Prince's word on what that sounds like.
Find a guy that will steal a kiss, not your virginity.
Every one of us needs Jesus. The stain of sin is washed clean only by the sacrifice of God's holy & blameless Son. II Corinthians 5:21
that's what I'm here for.
thanks girl!!<3 -b
At least we're watching a movie in Spanish
Fuck Him! The little fat bastard!
... and some will pay up and drink the koolaid!
Looks like a Monday...of course it's Monday! Lol
#dust settles. Loved w/ teacher pay backfill bills Luna Referendum Defense Fund. Wonder how spins?
": Everything u need for your destiny is within reach. Pray that God will open ur eyes to opportunities, people and resources."
hope you are having a blast! i too
finally remembered to make an eye dr appointment
me too XD
I am totally getting Chick fil A after this final tomorrow.
Will miss u truly. Xo
Have 2 boyfriends is bitches , you got 5 of directioner bahahahaha lol I love you! # loving
I think my friend John Pollono will win an Ovation award tonight for Small Engine Repair! Go John and Congrats!
but I already followed and subscribed to you..
RT if you have ever had a project fail because of improperly defined goals
"stay true to yourself"
hey! can you follow its still me but different account. (;
Hey everyone,we finished tracking for our upcoming e.p. today with the amazing we plan to release it mid-january <3 you all htp
Has anyone seen the Hunger Games yet?!! :u
We are a local family owned and operated business. Our mission is to provide the highest quality house cleaning!
I love when the speed limit hits 75mph in Louisiana
congrats and great news for the show
Drinking wine spodeodee
Earth Car Wash is wishing you a Thanksgiving filled with Pace, Love, and Harmony!
#MTV now casting!! Looking for people who created fake online profiles and have had someone fall in love with their online alter-ego! Pls RT
Business meeting on this lovely Monday Afternoon. Productive start to the week!
What was your favorite part of #ISOJ12?
Everyone be SAFE in Lexington tonight!
Thanks for the RTs!
I've been single for one year and I still miss mine - You're not alone *hugs*
About damn time something happened...I really wanted another field goal though lol
How could one person even think of adoption --since when is killing a God's child ok? EVER?!
chef, can I ask you to DM me please?
Laura Krauss Melmed will present EIGHT WINTER NIGHTS at HOORAY FOR BOOKS, Alexandria, VA, November 20, 11:30 AM
The second most popular place to search, after Google, is YouTube!
I am Daniela remember me I use to talk to u long ago,I am from albania like u
Jacks was SO much fun. I tried to teach my kids recently. Was amazed at how much I suck at it now.
They were there separately, they talked for a while, they laughed, they cried, the picture is not them together, just Adam
“: Batman's a scientist! #ITSNOTBATMAN” || best quote ever.
hm. Must have been the slow pace of the game. I don't deal with T Mobile lol. :)
lol nigga i pulled an all nighter. come at me.
Yes and W if you prefer a 'white out' 8-)
Yayaya finally got my new phone and I have twitter on it hehe, sorry im happy today has been such an amazing day! :). How was you day?
Working out later. And by working out, I mean shopping at the mall.
waiting for lunch. An hour to myself! YIPPEE!
Orlando, FL - Please Tweet any info/link & contact person for #Veterans interested in filmmaking/on-line courses :) Thanks!
I JUST LEARNED HOW TO POACH EGGS!
Lol nah she didn't , it was just how her man imagined how she died !!
i woke up happy, but tired :b my neck hurting bad tho :(
Think it is. The 61 fib.
I'm a little offended that I'm not mentioned anywhere in your article. Consider your hot tub privileges suspended.
u know what baby fuck it PIN THE TAIL ON ALL THE ONES ASSES that can't deal
whose all behind me at the top?
NO WAY! PUERTO RICO is a blessed Island!!!! It doesn't get MAJOR earthquakes! MI GENTE DE FAJARDO!
You want a snow day huh? That means you won't get to see ME!! ;)
you got bumped around a bit but played hard - great job on the win!
Apparently, 4:15 a.m. is when all the cool kids get up to get seats for graduation. Herrmann the younger graduates from college today!
Imma bout to lay it down til the am...goodnight
Doing my own NOOBtropics regime for better health/brain: Gingko Biloba, Ginseng, a multivitamin with Guarana, and ofc lots of Green Tea.
I have a flat tire! Somebody bring my fix-a-flat! I would change it but I have no spare.
Hi from a colleague who was in Salt Lake with you recently! Hope all is well
Man I get sick of the college life. Maybe its the college and the city Im in. I need to get out this city and explore the world. I want more
Riddle Time: The longer you hold on to me the hotter I get? What am I? A: My checks last month.
accept my deep sympathy
My mom said she was crying on her way to senior night, Hahahahaha. Big baby.
is a #beast me and love you!
Is that love movie with Zac Efron out yet?
Shove my dick in your sub sandwhich.
Its definitely my favorite day of year. RT : Happy show your boobs friday
Thank you for the RT!! Take care and have a wonderful evening! You deserve a good life!!!
thank you c:
good idea. i will do that.
follow me im your biggest fan i have a i love olly murs t shirt!
Volunteer park for more dec fest. Heading to greekfest to see pangeo later on.
LMfAO RT: ill be there to verify that you were on the singing/rapping tip before drizzy
My legs are so sore I couldn't even kick down a door
are you going to Bamboozle?
: didn't realize that about Wltrout. Can't wait to hear him in the Impalas!
I'm going to check out a few in the next week or so and I'll post where i go. I hope a few are open to NY players
thanks much for the RT!! cheers to online wine marketing!
S/o 2 my new followers
Looking at #jeepwranglers today!! So excited!!!!
Talk to me dawg please don't talk at me
Have a nice day! <U+2665> Hihi it's evening in Holland. :P
mad bro
Friday Afternoon Club? YES PLEASE!!! So if you're 21 and older, come on in and join us on this lovely day!
Have a drink with Girls Rock Camp Houston at Poison Girl (1641 Westheimer) on Sunday April 4, 2010. All proceeds will benefit GRCH. 21 & up.
lol yeah but i hadnt been on twitter
time to play with electricity and finish installing an outdoor light for the back patio....
NCL will prohibiting smoking in cabins beginning in January. Passengers will still be allowed to smoke cigarettes on their balconies.
First say to yourself what you would be; and then do what you have to do.
But how are you a graduate student when you've only used 6 of your 8 semesters...and by that I mean 8 minus 6 is 2
FUCK U I WONT DO WHAT U TELL ME
City bound!!! #NYC stay focused and clear = mission today.
Mention this tweet at the Kodak booth at #PLA12... Drop off a business card and you could win a Kodak P460 personal photo scanner.
“: love your fans n respect your supporters 1 of the keys to success #ijs” < Huh???
Idk what to do, im just wondering if you still care.
Great stat!! “: 2012 trend: 1 in 5 commercials carry a hashtag. Watching real-time flood of tweets from Audi SB ad. Whoa. #dsum12”
Nice. MT : So the Brewers tied the Giants 1-1 in their opener. Should have pinch hit Shyam Das, he would have broken the tie...
ditto even though we were all exhausted. Lol.
Did you hear the joke about the electric fence? It was quite shocking.
Every order ships anywhere in the contiguous 48 states for only $5.95! Share this with your friends so they can save too.
who could ever bully you Maria. Say hi to Tuddy for me please
Lotta hours of driving ahead. Be in Texas soon enough.
Can Girls be put into the "Friend-zone"?
& i feel so bad, cause you wouldnt do the same to me but i know what your weakness is.
Aw cute!
3 coffee tweets and I just found out it was #nationalcoffeeday Hooray for espresso, coffee ice cream, and that first sweet cup in the morn.
#ThoughtsWhileRunning why am i doing this shit? ; ew i have thunder thighs; i hope nobody sees me; im gonna be so hot when im skinny.
Ha, crazy. Miss ya guys!!
hey:) I just wanna say I love your Twitter! And ur wicked hilarious! :)
I'm so happy my hubby didn't keep his gender under wraps.
#FollowReader The book that got my teen re-hooked on reading was WORLD WAR Z.
you hang in there
thanks for giving us at least one hour of insightful prime time TV!! Always a highlight of my week. Great reporting.
I feel like Im destined for loneliness. Im so used to it.
In all that you do today don't forget to be God's friend...He loves you more than u could ever imagine and longs to hear your voice! #
Vincent Tinto: we need an academic GPS to guide students through their college experience.
A second coat of paint isn't a bad thing. :)
thanks, will check it out -- Lisa B (Lisa Bernstein), singer-poet
You know it bro, bring some of them cute Cali girls with. Texas ain't got shit on them.
which UI are you referring to?
Colleague tested the link I sent, and logged in successfully. So, must be the warm weather! Whewwww.
Oh no. You guys have definitely gone mad. Must be a severe case of the #Fridays! #TGIF, Friend.
laborous day indeed: i worked really hard at opening my eyes this morning.
and suddenly her thunder thighs started to crash.
what are you doing right now?
Another gr8 Leadership Council mtg 4 #MKESucceeds today. Love seeing so many individuals in 1 room to discuss how to improve #edu in
Boulevard of the Allies LIVE at The Underground at 8pm on Feb 4, 2011. Free entry and all ages. www.Boulevardoftheallies.com
Finally home from school...celebrating 4/20!
WAKE UP & GO FOLLOW 1 of KC's DOPEST underground artist.. ..
Apparently the fans aren't the only ones that think Brent could snap at any second...lol
I wish #oomf. Was up so he can cme spend the night with me
Yea, I think I remember that, but I do remember a time when I had to resort to a internet stream b/c it wasn't on TV or MDL.
Great twinbill today on ESPN : Ohio State at Kansas then THE MAIN EVENT BIG BLUE vs the IU want to be's !!!!!!!! GO CATS !!!!!
starks for. president!!!
They tried to set her up? (cantbeserious)
a little bit of texas...
Starting to get used to the twitter
It was a long mental journey to arrive at this decision. I feel dirty enough to take a shower.
I always reassure them that is the case.
#THE DO'S & DON'TS OF EATING THE HEALTHY
that can be a real beneficial project & be real inspirational. I heard you a great humble guy from your friend David walker. I>>
Because she's smart, funny and her new avi makes me giggle.
My twitter is acting weird. Must be the snow.
Your past may not equal your future; but it gives strong indications as to what you might get in the present.
<--- throws up westside and crip walks in the shower
Too nervous to tweet during the match. Sorry.
Grerat Gig Tonight! s/o Justafan Band and Josh Johnson as well as a Jazz Institute of Chicago for having a great night swing!
Making sure that all of the books are in order. We go through the whole library every December, usually 7 rows each.
his team just lost back in the garden too...
watch them like tweet us back lol
I Dont Think That My Mom Gets That I'm Moving Away In A Month.
send me any info you've got. Thanks.
Thanks! Gotta love the green dogs, beards and beer.
New Link for Next Monday afternoon in DC Live AllerTrain Class. #FoodAllergies, #GlutenFree Training,
being single sucks :/
who doesn't rollerblade is the better question
RT : Good luck to our own who will be on Jeopardy this Tuesday. Knock ‘em dead!
& : Both are BEST IN THE WORLD!!
just a heads up. you might get drunken texts from me this weekend. apologies in advanced lol.
Worry less, smile more.
I'm pretty dense so I needed a few summer "breaks" to be open to such ideas.
finally got a smartphone after all these years (android). its amazing to ssh into my servers from anywhere.
Windy as fuck today! :l
RT : Major delays on the OL I-695 from Liberty Rd to Frederick Road due to crash
Love this Green Queen.
Not sure if you ever talk to Ron in accounting/finance, but if so he'd be happy to know I'm now following on Twitter :)
Just watched the sunrise it was wonderful...headed to Tweet when they open then to the blue man group live...Happyness is sundays like this!
I'm surprised didn't take a picture of me while I was sleeping today. <U+E414><U+E00E>
To be honest, that means they need to diversify their skill set than Today you have to be person and web savvy
Happy Mother's Day! We are open 8-3 today. Be sure to stop in for #flowers!
#IDontUnderstandWhy I only tweet in the midst of procrastination I need to
I have a colleague who wants to create closed-captions of a screencast w/o having to type a full transcript.
We will be there!! God bless.
“: How do we practice? Must allow ourselves the time and space for practice #IDEA10”
party downtown
RIP #DonnaSummer, you fabulous #disco queen.
RT Great new work in #digitalpreservation from #aparsen on authenticity and persistent ids now ready at http:...
Joined and might become the new Publicity Director! Super excited to get involved with the organization!
Reach into your heart and find a special place you and richard will be together this is what you call fate.
Can we vote in "Day Drinking" as an official Olympic sport? It definitely requires more talent than curling!
lol I'm 118 lbs I have no fat on me
lots of nonprofit partners at the #connectvantc with
It’s crucial to be the pack leader and equally crucial to chill out and allow dogs to be dogs
Nite twitter next tweet will be on my way back to Indiana. Hate to leave Nashville!!!!!!!!!!!
I'm so so happy cause my best friend and I am goes to very beautiful and romantic cafe
Just so everyone knows, "Fudds is a Pink Slime free Zone!". Just saying... Always have been, always will be.
If FB ever allows you to see who's been looking at your profile there will be a lot of acquaintances that are going to be freaked out by me
Happy holidays to everyone!
Any details for our meeting on 5/24? Location? I hope to attend this month :-)
Here's my question, and maybe I missed this, but what is the end point for #OWS and the other Occupy sites? I haven't heard a goal.
Now that 's getting bigger, it's hard to get noticed by him and that scares me.
Can you submit your event form & we'll help promote it on FB/Twitter.
#ShoutOut follow her mad funny
I wish twitter worked on my phone
Playing politics with women's health is not cool #Komen Foundation! Mammograms save lives! Isn't that being #pro-life?!?!!
That's because your style is correct. Oxford comma is only lists of 3+ etc. Never with only 2, never even heard of that!
Better a thorn in someones side, then a stick in someone's ass, I always say.
thanks for the follow
Maybe a dialog box with your bookmark "tree" on the left with a few options on the right? Tag only/Tag & Stack/None maybe?
man summer needs to hurry up and come cause this ain't cool :/
and anyone else in Hallorans pride time try and see if you can bring some food tomorrow
Yes they should
Keeping warm with lots of blanket statements tonight. They make me feel warm and fuzzy, but they make sensitive people mad.
Let's play a show early next year!
& if i lose you , im afraid i would lose who , who i gave my love too , thas the reason i stay around
"Play fosters belonging and encourages cooperation".-Stuart Brown, MD All benefit from the practice of cooperation!
Looking good, Tutan!
I know i shot one of dem
tell me about it
Black Duck is rocking out the logo apparel again today, but did you know we do tablecloths, motorcycle patches, or banners?
You wanna know just ask
randomly. Just got done smoking u still on the island u got voxer?
Thanks and great to see you!
and how long it will take, PLUS at the end it will say if you see this business, you went to far
As it stands this morning, the Indians have a better winning percentage than the entire AL East.
When you sing a song, is a special girl in your head?
"(Sparks is) Hilarious... will appeal to teenagers who are a little bit on the outside." - School Library Journal
I'm great & ready for the day! Hope you have a great one too!
Plain Jane #N/p
your name is eric
well the cast for Sea of Monsters is completely ruined. except for logan
quite well, much obliged
#Romney has donated more to #charity than any presidential candidate in US history.
Pens are such a weakness of mine, too. Love these pens!
who you calling 25? i'm almost 32! oh, i see what you did there ;)
dancer had a boner on tv on DWTS Monday Haha picture at www.1067kissfm.com keyword:eman
I think the cleveland show is hilarious btw, even though they'll be canceling it anyday now
yeah im here i said something to you
My feet are killing me :/
I'm so broken and scared.
28 holes so far this week!
According to recent stats, fans read about 20% of your Facebook posts, but only about 8% of your direct mail pieces. #Market wisely!
haha hopefully so...
using Facebook for photo management is like replacing Gmail with Facebook messages (which some people have done)
I need a margarita.
I hope Portland keeps Bayless. I don't know why they don't play him when Branden gets tired.
To met ppls needs, try to understand how museums fit within the arc of their lives. J. Falk.
Gimme Shelter: Fundraisers like Trvia Night help us provide success stories ... - Bullet News Niagara
Off-campus users: we are having some access problems, but we are working on getting them fixed as soon as possible.
that's my name(;
Your the CUTEST lil boy on EARTH!! #IBrepresent (: #ILYwithallmyheart !! Follow back?? Anyways i kno the whole IB rap (:
Hi Ronald, you may be thinking of a stand-alone La Casita that used to be located there. We're based in #ColoradoSprings. :-)
Don't worry I am an omnivore myself.
I nearly lost the biggest tomato plant in the storm. It split 2 branches that are loaded with tomatoes. Hoping they still make it.
88 days to go!
you're both welcome <3
oh you becha! & if I move up by you? I'm thinkin Badger parties every Saturday ;)
Dm me or something, because I don't think you'll want me to say it where everyone can see it :/
upper lip. Right side.
Mother's Day is tough for us who no longer have a mother.
Ha! True dat!
RT : "Tens of billions that were going to subsidize banks are now going to go to students." -
I might try to cover "Only One" but I don't have any sound right now... I need an acoustic :)
Even as late nite snack food, McDonald's "Chicken Selects" are fucking disgusting. Dear arteries, I am sorry, love scout.
Happy Friday for real :-)
Who tryna chill with me and
I been awake since 5pm yesterday. Im done lol
2016 Derryck Thornton Will attend Sierra Canyon hs this fall
hey there! Shoot me an email at bcash @ schellgames.com
Good morning :)
Ever dream of being an astronaut? How 'bout now with the last shuttle down and the program over? Reaction?
Thank you to everyone who's been following:) I appreciate it
when u come to my crazy show?
bro got talent...
pro asked how long until a puppy doesn't need it's mother answer: never. Mine need me and I need them!
what does that mean? Lol
If you don't expect anything you won't be let down.
The Orphanage is a venue we host live music, and have a gallery space, as well as a cafe. stop by and check us out.
Who is ready for the hottest dance party in Fort Wayne?
Celtics won even though they didnt have rondo<3 and allen they still did good:))
I wear black on the outside, ‘cause black is how I feel on the inside
Long johns, check; shearling-lined boots, check, hat, scarf, gloves, passport, check. I am off to Montreal, where the it's French & cold.
Steal away, friend! I can't wait to see what images you collect!!
I'm teaching myself to drink enough water. Three day in and I'm feeling better already.
If you don<U+0092>t have the support and love and caring and concern that you get from a family, you don<U+0092>t have much at all.
k.o. lessner!
Not as much as the spread...I had the exact same last night. So, so good after a tough mudder.
i rly loved the song Turn To You <3
- Thank you I needed this reminder today!
I think "political intrigue" is an oxymoron cause I don't think there is anything intriguing about politics
Go Arianna, get paid 300 mil to be Tim's replacement
Thanks to Bart Starr...great player...even greater person
Keep smiling, because life is a beautiful thing and there's so much to smile about.
man your dumb lol.
2 more weeks until i am in Miami, FL
my goal is to be the first contributor on the show to get discussed in an actual story
"Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself." ~ George Bernard Shaw
Havent slept that good in forever. I feel so good.
I'll keep that in mind lol
Welcome Back Meet and Greet April 5, 5:30 - 8:30 @ Flannery's on 14th and 7th. can't wait to meet you all!
did you get "sexybaby" Jonny to color that tat?
a granola bar was planking?
Ted Thompson for President.
Today is National Shrimp Day!! What's your fave way to eat shrimp?
<--- This guy just scored free IMAX tickets to the #HungerGames! Thanks !
First time I have slept over 9 hours since college!
Andrea Cabral quotes Richard Pryor: Who are you gonna believe? Me or your lyin' eyes?
Nerves...not servers! #damnyouautocorrect twice this week, where servers made sense for nerves, "dont get on my servers"
The secret police in Cuba also used to chase down longhaired boys to cut their hair. MITT'S A COMMIE!
Thanks for following , , ...
the main focus was suppose to be on the amaz pen #humblebrag ???
RT : I have some exciting musical news.. Coming up in a couple of hours..stay tuned:)
Fire alarm. awesome.
wish we could have hung out today. I could have used your expert thrifting opinion.
Looking for a Fall Internship in Chicago?? Email Kate Jagmin at if you're interested!!!
George W Bush endorsed Mitt Romney today......um..... Yay! (that's the reaction from the Romney campaign BTW) lol
I see that Willow lured you away from me! I'll be hanging out in the IRC channel all day, feel free to ping me.
Ready for this weekend already.
Dominik/Mercy to Christian/Danny: "So...no more CPR?"
np! there will be great ethnic food, fun prizes, and more surprises! hope you can make it! :)
Cool, thanks! Looking forward to a good season.
RT : Check out the latest version of Turn & Burn with some of our great campers from Summer Brand Camp!
i LOVE SABRINA SO MUCH OMG
Guess I'm Solo for the Night. Other than that, have Fun and be Safe at Prom everyone.
This is a the first practice tweet.
Better find a better pic!
I'm watching you RT this on your Mac right now(; let's get to number 1! #RolexOnKROV ;D
What is the theme of this decoupaged table?
The most interesting Ficelles in DC will be #Navy Yard tomorrow. Stay hungry my friends!!
yay i can't wait janet!!! i mean nurisha!!! :0) )
Walking Out!!!
my profile pic is just for you.
Lmao is all I can do
Playing a show @ the Rocks in Petaluma this Thursday. 21 & up, $5, 8pm. Hadley Hill, Firechild & Box Office Poison. Please Repost. Thanks!
anyone out there in land know the top secret number for the bus depot to call and complain when buses are late? Tweet it!
Continuous improvement - know what doesn't work and have the capacity to make changes.
the winning pitcher for the A's tonight had the last name of Bard
awh, I'm sorry Alex
Happy Thanksgiving everyone!
from prom?
Bet you didn't watch all their other games -.-
#MarchMadness is driving me so crazy right now I'm actually cleaning my apartment! And I hate cleaning! And it's still only the first round!
Real Estate investors are going out of business left and right...
You be flipping like reciprocals
RT : Looks like a great event! How to Continue: John Ashbery Across the Arts, on Friday, March 23:...
same here man. Funny!
Dan Patrick probably has the coolest job ever
When does the event start to overshadow a conference and get to big?
Vegas the best
If you didn't get a chance to answer us yesterday, what is your shirt size?
Waving back. Hi!
Oh I get it... Yea he need to go ahead and sign the check RT Rick Ross @ somebody name Collin Gibson I got geeked..
Summer Hours start today! Open 10-5 Mon-Sat, 12-5 Sunday, all summer long.
Did someone remind you of how beautiful you were today?
TONIGHT - SUEDE Lounge in Old Town Scottsdale - FREE Skyy Vodka and Pyrat Rum 9pm-10:30pm - $4 Vodka,Rum,Gin,Tequila 9pm-2am - 2 DJ's in mix
That moment you make eye contact, with somebody who used to mean the world to you.. Ima change my seat
Our last tweet makes us ponder...will Miss or Mrs. President have a nice ring to it in say, the next decade?
I simply walk up n.stick my nuts in ya face
I'm a nasty whore
Noise complaint midland accomplished
We are only as strong as we are united! We're hopeful and will follow 's lead on
since you're online, can i get a tweet or a follow? please, we're finally online at the same time!!! <3
Go ahead, America, make my day!
Continuing the assessments in Delray Beach tonight.
Any librarians out there know of good programs that forgive a portion of your student loans if you work in public service? Thanks!
Could you be emotionally detached at work and not know it? Sure, if you're detached. There's a party in your head and you're not invited.
That's true. I simply told her that I respect her decision and I'm sorry she feels that way. Gotta keep it moving.
could you imagine if Peyton went to Denver they would need 2 entirely different playbooks
What are you celebrating?
of environmental impact/consequences. I want Zapified to be socially-responsible, ...
Happy Wake a Deal Wednesday!
Thx for +K!
Great wins by the and the Goodnight.
We would love to help you plan your event here at Murphy's of DC Whether a cocktail reception, sit down dinner, rehearsal dinner or luncheon
just as you predicted.
Those people who are always asking you for things >:/
To transform your life you first must understand what is keeping it the way it is.
Busy day for us.Thanks to everyone who came by the shop today. We are open on Thurs from 12-7
thanks girl ! :D <33
Work today, and concert tomorrow
But getting up so early everyday is killin me.
Holy thunder
Ever loved someone so damn much that you just wanna yell it from a roof top? Or in my case write a song :)
That ones in the gutter....
Webby presentation gr8, but will editors in my ofc be able to edit in it, or InCopy? They're not bloggers!
It's the weekend, remember to watch out for the other guy.Be safe.
Broncos D is on Fire! !!
Red kettle debuted in SF in 1891 in the guise of a crab pot. Depression had thrown many out of work, including seamen and longshoremen.
Auditioning for a commercial for Phoenix Comiccon. It's going to be fun.
You clearly don't know us well enough. ;-) Sorry we didn't scream for you. But congrats on the PR!
Yeah!! Have fun!
Had To Put My contacts back in my phone!!!!!!
nice! Also, we have the same name :) ^ag
We sincerely apologize for the inconvenience and appreciate you exercising your cool.
agffff! I died x.x
We wentto #pcb together RT : Roman, and I didn't realize it until I was looking thru pictures and saw you in a few
adam staash or steven hart in a race??
um..... ok?? tht was kinda #random, dont u think ?? oh and lolzzzzz i asked u a ?? :P
at this time of night? surely not!!!
hey girl u in ny or la
Domain problem with old Jacket articles. Jacket2 running fine but access to 1997-2010 files unavailable, to be restored soon.
it sounded nice no specifics but not sayn sorry
#Brunch special: Marscapone Stuffed French Toast w/ Dark Chocolate Covered Banana & Maple Syrup - r u hungry yet?
Drop Kick Kisses!
waiting with eager anticipation David. re: JetBlue to ABQ route... Ann Rhoades.
Have you figured it out yet? What artwork has been kidnapped so far?
What did you do for Memorial Day Weekend?
have you tried Newsie? It's a fast & slick new iPhone Google reader.
You guys ready for the half-time?!?
Dmv on Thursday no line I go to you
Well get to it then! You guys are working so hard on getting to 73k. Sooner the better! :)
Minneapolis: GLITTER NIGHT tonight - our glam rock dance party @ Nick & Eddie Warehouse (next door) featuring Them That Dare 10PM sharp!
Then I'll do you.
Impatiently waiting .
Almost to launch day...get ready for a free project assessment where you learn how you can improve your business.
warning prepaid cards like visa or master card has hidden fees. like mastercard 2.95 subtracted plus 5.95 to activate it
Thanks for all the RTs and shoutouts Jodie! We love what you are all about too!
are you this stupid Mark. You are easily put to shame
its cold outside .
It will be a close call for showers on Tuesday near #roc. Watch at five for my forecast!
Hope you have a great time, and we STILL miss you in Portland!
. Great job guys!
Iggy clinches the playoffs series verse the bulls with 2 clutch free throws to give the sixers the win 79-78!!! #LetsGoSixers #Round2baby!!
describe ex using only a movie title. : Obsessed.
RT : Before success comes in any man's life he is sure to meet with much temporary defeat and, perhaps, some failures. Whe ...
Have you seen NeoNatural yet? Check out this great exhibit of glass art within our botanical collection. Daily through Mar18 $3 admission.
you can tell that whoever owns these clubs sucks at golf
I'd better go get some. :-)
im going to the one in chicago! I hope I see you. (: would you mind following back? (: I love you so much. Take care :-)
": I'm bored... tweet me a number and I'll say something I like about your account (:"5
I look forward to listening to yours and jt review of the boxing fight tomorrow night.
#Ugh! Really want this cold to go away. It sucks that me and my baby girl are both sick. Back to the boyfriend's tomorrow. Miss him. (:
yay! We get way too excited when that happens around here
hm i'd date a football player but no way in hell ima be a cheerleader xD
I don't rule out that I'm wrong about it. :-) I do like some of the poppy Wings stuff, so there you go!
just got home from work...Wussup with you
WHAT IT DO MOMMA!!
The workday may have just ended, but Ladies’ Night is just gettin started! Ask your server what special items are 20% off for Ladies tonight
sets off #CarBomb which kills 5. Peaceful activists? No, #MuslimBrotherhood terrorists. RT
Making flan
McDonalds all American game! Coach Hicks who I used to coach for is coaching the East team. And a bunch of UK recruits
Today's workout: 110 pull-ups, 220 push-ups, 330 sit-ups AFTER 1,400 yards of swimming.
And shoes. RT : is wearing dress pants. Not even kidding. I'll have to get that photo.
thank you for the #FF mention
please don't show what happens with the black latex gloves. “Incredible behind scenes access with this Sunday on "
So far my weekend is great! God is good!!!
Oak trees do not have acorns until they are fifty years old or older.
i lost a follower today :( i wonder why
Um! Sorry! #Disagree. Im just being biased though lol
I havnt been on here in a min. wuz gud
2674072235 prank call us now.
I'm trying my hardest!
Just sent an e-card thru 123greetings. Neat stuff! : )
Formidable, yet. biddable.
Hm I should start tweeting more I think...
Were u that badly in need of a pair of size 11 1/2 cleats?
I come 1st everything after that is a choice
u r way to young to be sexy grow up fool
Dm-ing you. RT : thank you. I'm starving for work. Would you know of any paid writing? Thank you. Wb
I cant wait to see in June at the comcast center !!
Chocolate Train: Business boomed today at the See's Candies HQ on La Cienega due to
We found love on the radio. I exit taxi
knew it would!
#2011in4words year of positive change
DUDE NO WAYZIES. I THOUGHT YOU LEFT FRIDAY
Just because you're in your car doesn't mean i can't see you picking your nose :d
Yo, stop asking stupid and insulting questions to celebrities. Being persistent doesn't make you any less ignorable.
"If you're not afraid of the challenge that's not courage; it's a chemical malfunction in your brain." Linda Sue Park
We prefer a good "hahaha" to an "LOL" any day!
Skating while hearing some bangers, inspirational!
happy birthday 2 usher raymond iv
We've seen a groom arrive via boat, elephant and horse! We are waiting to see a helicopter!
brochures on tables for attendees, check our classes out.
Hey. Yes, there was one tonight at #midleved. It was on tech in the classroom.
Consider adding a side of pinto beans to your meal for a protein and antioxidant boost.
definitely. Taking the trains now that I'm back in NYC. It feels good to not be stuck in an immobile vehicle
Pizza days are great.
#np "The Reason Why I Sing" Kirk Franklin and the Family
#nisoEbook Holzman 80% if Temple U Press backlist already digitized. Easy process with single authors 95% consented for ebook rights.
Spelling is going out the window as I multi-task Twitter snark on the Oscars and do class prep.
I gave it 100%...that's all I'm saying
I am so discombobulated today. There is too much going on. Someone come save me. Side note: Yay big words. :-)
“: u just gotta find the right one” Easier said than done.
“: gotta meet johanser first” definitely
we are currently seeking those interested in speaking, sponsoring, and attending this event
famous last words
u don't believe me? -.-
fine...be that way....I'm going to bed.....later!
Good to hear!
wow okay, just because 1D is WAY more successful than MB doesnt mean anything. i like MB but you fans are annoying . -.-
12 at ten am
Thinking of my little hoof
(HiDoctorNick 370 90.3 626596) Ha! I'm right there with you! Just you and me I'm sure!
This experiment with Brendan Ryan in the 2-hole is a wrong one.
Led Zeppelin's "Ramble On" will be my theme song for the next 2 weeks.
I know you are I just get worried when people might end up drinking too much is all.
it's a kind of day, his lyrics always get my mind racing, it's a new thought everytime i hear them.
Weather Genie 3.0 now available... completely redone, expecting it to beat its previous record at #6 in US charts for iPad & iPhone
12th most valuable. You fell victim to the slide show.
Boston terrier with a dash of Corgi. Or it might be the other way around
Penn State now maybe Syracuse? Cmon Man!
Baby you're everything I've ever dreamed of.
Everybody put in your path, aint always good for you....
It seems our local smoke shop added some eCigs recently. I bought one of em to compare them to my brand. Seems the mass market is losing out
Hilarious to visualize. Happy New Year, Marek!
Explosive Rate of Tech Dev! RT : "In the time it took you to look at this slide a new technology was copyrighted" -
totally reasonable“: Is it too much to ask that every performer sing live at the Grammys? That just seems a reasonable expectation.”
This man right here>>>> is soo fine!!! Haha... Follow him....
Somebody talk me out of drunk eating!
i mean about how we can retweet your tweets now hehehe
My mom texting me at 3am reminds me of how awesome she is! :)
YOU SHOULD TWEET ME !!! It would make my life 10000000000x BETTER !!!!! <3
New listings R&B 45's and Vogue Picture Records (78's)
You guys got D1C over 450 'likes' on the facebook! Head over to facebook.com/DrawOneCard to see the merch design to be sold later this year!
Just removed a rust stain from the countertop--got really excited
If all the sodium that people got was from a salt shaker and not from food processing, then we would all be better off
A big Twitter welcome to ... follow them for IT information, tips and news about Rutgers IT
I AM NEW TO DIS SHIT BUT I NEED MORE FOLLOWERS
Better ingredients. Better pizza. *nod* Papa Johns.
Thanks Mary! It almost sounded like I knew what I was talking about!
its all good... He'll realize he list something gold
So you say what I did was wrong,but you do the same thing and more,but you're not wrong?!-__-
You do fantasy on ESPN?
“: Bag er like we in publics then take her out ass out in public” publix*
#Weownthenight is one of the best concerts ive been too ! (:
give it to me!
come to Miami fuck wit ya boy.
Yep...My Bad Sorry about that- Woody
Girl Power! will be live tweeting on 3/12. Join us and celebrate 100 years of building girl leadership.
Dont reply if this is a stupid question. But wih O'Brien taking PSU job does that mean he will not b OC for Pats 4 rest of year?
oh the drama!
I would rather fight like my grandpa back in war
Why do white people dance funny?
just for you! :)
Good luck! Looking forward to your photos and stories along your journey.
Follow me on instagram
No sarcasm ... He is one of my favorite players to watch. I don't understand why he gets hated on so much
only means we doin somethin right
Tera is basically an asian grinder stytle mmo. The fighting is fun though(least as a warrior which is all I have played)
If you're in the Third Ward, stop by for Gallery Night and print your own artsy t-shirt! Printing is in session!
Hey teepeople, who wants to see something very funny? Go to YouTube type in " Grandson gets brain freeze
Welcome to my life!
Why is she still on stage?
Dang, gonna have to miss Psychic Reading Time at the #140conf for a work event ;) Good thing Funny or Die and Chuck Norris are in the AM!
Breaking students into age groups for education have only existed for the past 100 years or so... This is not how it has...
followed you back (:
“: You are obsessed and I think it's time for an intervention.” you think?!?! I agree :)
I hate when you have to awkwardly sit in the car with your friend as theyre mom is yelling at them
Happy Veteran's Day!
Every rose has its thorn
Goodmorning to twitter hope everyone haves a good day and stays blessed
she was there last or the before too...
I'm so sorry.I'm honestly not trying to,I've already changed my password and everything idk what to do
Wow that's pretty official right there.
edit your tweet to feel bad for those people that play diablo 3 and you're good to go
Aww, shoot. This year's Burning Man is happening right when I'll (theoretically) be in the Netherlands. :(
RT : We are hiring The position is an entry level Search Marketing Coordinator. View the description at...
Dear We need you in Wisconsin to talk some sense into these crazy fiscal nazis!
Great food! Great people! Quite possibly the best #foodtruck on the planet!
Count down! 6 days to HOLIDAY IN MOTION! Do you have tickets yet? It's going to be a double show sold out year again. Hurry!!!
RT : Ask Dr. Sallay any sports injury questions, including tennis injuries, shoulder/elbow & knee til 11am. 1300 E. 96th St.
I don't know about other guys, but I like when a girl is in sweatpants just chillin'.
:I'm waiting...patiently!
Graduation is right around the corner.
Thank You to the incredible leaders in Topeka, Kansas for a wonderful "Discover The Leader Within!" session today. You made my day!
It's a beautiful day for Brewers Opening Day, too bad I'm not there but i'll be listening to the game...#CHEERTHEBEER!!!
That is interesting because job security now is basically nonexistent compared to 30 years ago
Girl I wanna fuk you right now hold on let me turn the lights down its about to be a private party
“I have done my best.” That is about all the philosophy of living one needs. ~Lin Yutang
What/who else?
Don't get me wrong, I love to read J&P. But J&P overweights "legends" and critical consensus on "innovation" is suspect.
thanks j ma!!! hey guess what i get to see you in like... a week!! wahooo 2011 cua hoco
yeeee I know, its must be feel soo cool!!
Awesome improv class on Monday! Great talent and I can't wait to see it grow.
No. George is the reason the Nuggs are the 7th seed... He's the reason why i watch the Nuggets
I feel left out cuz I don't have an iPhone and I can't see the faces
Nuts are a great source of protein and healthy fats, stock up on them!
(John Wayne) No moral man can have peace of mind if he leaves undone what he knows he should have done.
I can't tell if they speak Spanish, French, or Russian...
sadly it has nothing to do with the little peanut.
STILL can't stand Chris Brown...
my night schedules hit or miss. Any chance u r near town during day m - f?
I won't check in the AM until I am on metro. That way I know if there is anything I have to address 1st thing.
Why, this fellow do not know any more about politics than a pig knows about Sunday. ~ Harry S Truman about Dwight D. Eisenhower
im fire and youre the ocean im energy and youre the rhythm love is somewhere inbetween what u believe n what you dream
Right, but when Bo left, or any coach, there are buy outs. They're making it sound like coaches move freely w/no penalties.
thanks for sharing! Please write us a review on iTunes if you'd like.
Tony Romo is a douchebag. How do you not know where the line of scrimmage is? Come on Giants! Bury these guys!
We all have that one friend who needs to learn how to whisper.
Now that would be kind of cool.
Ahahahaha. My mom is so stupid. You would think she'd notice 3/4ths of a vodka bottle was filled with water when she drinks out of it xD
All Linux Web Hosting Plans now include a FREE Domain Name for the life of the plan when
I hear talk is considering up one. Be cool if JRubyConf came home. Just sayin'. /cc
Yes! and her gelled up bangs in TGIF! If you know what I mean..
Up makin potato salad listening to atlanta's hot 107.9 on
You bet!
the sound of atoms
manager of brandi williams,,is there any way I can send you some of her work
I haven't had a Zero bar in years :)
So jealous of people who have the day off. Would love to be playing hockey right now
Umm is the Cuse the double secret overall #1? Seems like an easier bracket to me. @
It sucks how things ended , but its best to move on ..
Working on a few of projects. Business is picking back up.
People who try to make you feel sorry for them cause there moving.. I don't care. Just leave please.
I would pay twice as much for cable if the tv auto-muted each time that Truvia "I love you sweetness..." commercial comes on.
Thank the heavens, Parks and Rec was renewed!!!!!!!
oh are you now....hm
nice! You will have to tell us your favorite dish there!
Everybody is feeling down this past 2 weeks for some reason /:
I have to go to english without you now D: that class is bull shit
I think account registration is disabled during the off-season (spam problems) -- what edits did you want to make?
Dear LA, please at least try to have a Winter. Sincerely, Justin
The text I just sent Kels >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> lololololololololol
You can have the fame, I just want my soul
Some flavors don't mix. Exhibit A: orange DayQuil and cool mint Crest.
DANCE PANTS!!!!
Let the applying of job applications begin! ^-^
follow me please! :)
precise is also available for an interview and don't to forget to forward your drop script to my email address.
I hate it when I'm eating cereal and the last three pieces are like "B*tch, catch me if you can!"
you fucking crack me up! (:
RT RT : NY Daily News headline over WH photo of beer summit: "BREW-HA-HA"
Students referencing pop culture during grammar lesson. I changed plan so they can create their own worksheets. Yay #grammar!
We're looking into a lot of recording studios in the NYC area, can anyone recommend some our way? Much obliged!
you can try it wont work its basically day dreaming...
Woke Up Dis Morning, Dreamed Bout Money I Guess Money Is On My Mind
It'll actually make my life if you guys make a "Call me Maybe" video. :')
we'll have to chat later this week!
Blu-ray Review: Yakuza Weapon via
How do we file for "Ponzi scheme" status? That seems to be all the rage these days.
Can't stop fucking sneezing
Mary McLeod Bethune: fierce, determined, inspirational. Thanks to Miss Weinstein in 4th grade for giving me Bethune's bio!
"One by one ... they all had to die!" Happy Friday the 13th!
not a problem. It was a great tweet!
We come to your for a change. I come to your office, business or office in Oklahoma City
if they smart they will!
Saying "One berry, two berry, pick me a blueberry" makes me smile each time it passes my lips.
OK We are doing it one more hour. Open for you one last time until 11PM!
It reminds us to cherish each moment, mainly because it will by no means come again.
How you doing boo? x
Daniel Kondos Law Offices are "local" AND "not out of state"...
At BFF's wedding this weekend, discovered that an old friend needs a printer for her greeting card designs. Possible new line coming soon!
No joke, eh!? I kind of love Twitter.
love the new avatar.
Listening to The Rocket Summer & editing in Photoshop. Don't mind if I do. I love my job!
Thanks for following!
For choral singers, phrasing subtleties in slow tempi are hard to achieve after singing loud, fast sections.
Have a "chemistry call back" for a new film tomorrow....its a really great script and i would love to do it!
Damn its hot af outside
You're a good man, Ty. Glad to hear it.
gunna wash my hair , it stinks ! lmao
Sounds dangerous...
Wtf is going on with you ? Lolx im a lil concerned are you ok ?
Advice for writing: Mentally (at least 3-4 x day) thumb your nose at all know-it-alls, jeerers, critics, doubters (Brenda Ueland, 1938)
These are the choices that we make when we expect little else.
Cisse is on fire.
Submitted #EG2012Fellowship app. Fingers crossed for more good karma.
are u at the step show???
Yea!! Thanks for the pic! :)
yeah i have all these powers of persuasion tools now. it's been a remarkable experience at #immvt thanks!
plz plz plz say HAPPY BIRTHDAY to me on Fri, nothing's been going my way this past week so it would be AWESOME if you did that
"One look at a good Bank account will make you lose yo girl"
Thank You for giving birth to me on this day! Without you and God I would not be here!
looks like straight up red chili paste!
Oh Boy Here we Go The HEAT IS ON!! BOUT TIME.......LET's GO
Music can bring the unexpected in a symphony of light and beauty while confronting the surreal with reality. Express yourself honestly
well done today. Didn't know you lost Luca months ago. Stay strong mate. He's in a better place! All the best!!
just a bunch of noise RT : The Thunder are rubbish.
We on live in fifteen minutes!!!
RT : Must-read from today! B2B matchmaker helps apparel companies find production resources" featuring...
ughh i hate them i have alot
hahaha thanks :D
or that at one point in time i had three thousand followers on tumblr dot com?
Continuing to re-shuffle the non-fiction area-it's a huge job
Wondering what the GCC Team is doing today? Got up at 5:30AM...6AM started cooking from scratch at Bureau Valley High School!
have to dance to this song! So catchy!
space between section 5 :)
Chris Brown has reportedly been using the pick-up line, “I promise I won’t beat you.” WHAT A GUY!!
All the games are on www.watchnhllive.com go register and enjoy all your hockey favorites!!!
at the #snacksecret show!!!
you need to make one on that eyrda server
naw he's one of the best rappers of all time nd also you he's from NY I can't let u disrespect him like that lol
aww your sick?
I'm glad its almost Cinco de Mayo because my Mexican friends will finally drink.
1 more follower to 200. Anyone?!!
Can the NURSE diagnosis a concussion from the couch?!? Every blow to the head is different, no matter how it looks.
I love that place.
thanks glad you can use them! Hope the students enjoy them.
~ Did u Bring ur Golf Clubs? Marty B and I hv tee-x's Wed & Fri.
you talking about the ps trey ? or .... ?
thanks. Will do 10 more runs by the end of the year.
nope! she don't tell me what to do!
I'll take the trip and the mochimisu!!
They also have not ruled that out.
Opening up at 11am today...See you all soon! Perhaps there is a sangria in your future.
Fear. Recent books & research on conservative brain theorizes they resort to familiar, altho absurd, postures out of fear.
If I los emy tomatoes I'm seriously going to cry
Looking forward to an exciting day in the Ohio Senate tomorrow. Big news.
We need another goal I'm getting nervous.
This is the fifth time I've watched Easy A these past few days. HOLLAAA.
Thanks girl :)
that answer came straight out of the volunteer packet :)
Sorry to anyone who tried to access the website www.Spokenwordinc.com this morning - it was down for a couple of hours. All is back up now!
yup(: and I'm planning a summer weekend vaca at myrtle with a lot of people u trying to go?
Knitting and watching Blue Valentine. Um, not one to watch with the parents people.
I love Adele:).
A good relationship is a bit like a pet boa constrictor: either you feed it every day or bad things happen.
is emily still at your house ?
would you ever be friends with someone younge than you? if so, how many years maximum?
Man some people just don't know how to wear makeup.
Shout out to recent and loyal followers!
Or even what Steam did for video games.
Yes! I'm on my way to Boise (where I grew up) for the weekend and I have a layover in Salt Lake.
Thanks Robin! BUT..I am still shocked. LOL!
Talking 2 ma bestiie on the phon, she's the BEST !!!
Ashleigh Naneng's platform under her title as Miss Camai is Sobriety nd Suicide Awareness and Prevention. Any related events she can attend?
AMERICAN AD BAG "Positive thinking will let you do everything better than negative thinking will." - Zig Ziglar
At casino waiting for mom to try her luck!
is this in the art barn?
goodbye January!
Still thinking thru goals, audiences, content, but short answer = yes. Would <3 to hear thoughts on what you'd like to see on G+.
Catching up on #Justified episodes tonight. That syrupy Kentucky way of talkin'! I'll be taking those drawls into my dreams.
so happy together <3
Getting ready to watch us become elite !
i always say how I don't need you but it's always gonna come right back to this. please, don't leave me.
How are you hon? :D
oh, I'll be there <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
whats up with all of the philosophers on here tryna kick knowledge every tweet....what yall god body? lol
:0 haha Id probably have a panic attack.
Mantra of moderation so difficult where I may or may not have inhaled a turkey burger this PM.
We have decided to break a bit longer in order to eat lunch. Be back in 20-30 minutes.
96 degrees here in northern Virginia. Wow.
my new favorite twitter stream
How in the world did I get addicted to playing Modern Warfare? SMH
49ers can never win a championship because of Alex Smith.
Why is there so much cheering going on? All for Joe?
lmfao honestly so worked up right now
Listening to Ellen Goodman speak at the YWCA We Inspire luncheon.
90s pop genre on pandora is probably the best thing pandoras ever done
“: M. Foster "whole genome sequencing is living with uncertainty". Need to understand difference between risk and uncertainty”
ok I'll let u know
: ah..life intervenes! I can't start new project b/c I'm busy talking about the old project! I guess it's a good problem to have
The river. Think I'll find any?
you want to know everything, that's annoying.
JETS are Smash on the Patriots next week...Yeah!!!!!
Look amazing x
and Father John Misty.
Sometimes I feel I just need to go far, far away.
tired of gettin my hopes up for shit.
I'm no better than anyone else, but I can be better than myself. (Britney Spears)
Lowkey, he lookin too fine in that picture!!.
*singing* "wait...Best Coast sings that right?" "yeah!" "you should keep it that way." RUDE SMH.
Haha, I was kidding ;)
Thrilled to have been a part of #rp2011 today! Come have a chat with at the Olin 220 circle at the reception
Always welcome :p
man I always pass out on the ride home, but nonetheless, one hell of a birthday appreciate every single one of the birthday wishes
she turned her cants into cans and her dreams into plans.
Wow. What a birthday -.-
I have no job, I have no money, I have no car, but I'M IN A BAND :D
She will learn one day. Don't worry, I have an elaborate plan with and !
is calling my name. pure heavenly music.
“: Me and the homie Cp Hollywood made somethin crazy lastnight.. #PartyAnimal” >>> that's gone be a banger bro..
Guys, I made Mayra cry today. :(
If your tweet does not relate to #LetsGoPens or #PensIn7, it is highly likely that it is getting ignored.
In Lake Placid, off to walk around town!!
mary jane is the cause that got me on sumthin the best feelin smoke a blunt after u done fuckin
Spoiler alert for the movie: the dude with the beard did it. What movie? Every movie.
Have a killa weekend!
Happy Birthday Skrillex!
I often wonder the same thing. I wonder if my neighbors think Im a recluse. NOpe . . . just the coolest nerd ever.
Stop watching tv & get back to work!
Hey my fellow San Antonio stoners! I have a few more hash treats available! Marble fudge cake and peanut butter cookies! I'm free after 7!
what time?
you need to upgrade to black ops
Watching Conan #teamcoco .
What's DVRing? Oh yeah, Grimm. Forgot it was on tonite. In my defense, my mind was on other things. Like the AUD I went to tonite.
Yeah..How much longer...I dunno
#nowplaying "Ashanti- Rock With You"
chewy lifesavers.. Warheads.. Yellow starbursts.. Yum!
I agree Katrina. I can be hard to set up class for thinking in today's testing world.
You bought them all, right?
Anybody know a good fruit juice smoothie place in tosa/brookfield?
Thanks for the
... you don't pull the mask off the ol' Lone Ranger and you don't mess around with Jim.
Dwight Howard to Chicago would be an excellent Christmas present. Pretty please?
I hope "we" ate them all without sharing. ; ) So. Delicious.
Shout out to for reading in pride haha #shesboss<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
bye twitter you made me feel understood and now i don't know if i can talk to you anymore.
I am really digging this halftime show #SB46 The stage and effect are amazing. One of the best I can remember. And freaking Cee Lo, love it!
It is happening today!! You got to see everyone here!! What up?
My parents moved their desktop to a room specifically for it, but its still looked at as "the family computer" though
you catch some fish today?
RT : If you're partying with a #Sagittarius it's guaranteed to go down.
We are at the #VUExpo12! Stop by Booth 124 to speak with a Higher Ed representative about our innovative technology and engaging content!
What do men really want????
Someone said Ariana can't be on Ellen cause Ellen is allergic to oranges. You seriously think you're funny? Imma put an orange in your ass.
oin us by following our tweets in starting a Revolution. Our govt doesnt work 4 the people politicalperceptions.weebly.com/
MPOW's youngest faculty librarian (me) is not considered "next gen" anymore. (No hard feelings.) We need to hire 1-2 younger people!
I don't remember being at school today, I barly remember being at my friends after school. lmao
my prayers and thoughts are with you Cicily. Sending good vibes for a safe recovery!!
r u in town
Pucks are flying into the #Flyers net in warm-ups, then again there is currently no goalie in there, well, I don't think it'd really matter.
the site is not super usable, but UNESCO has a ton of stuff online OA for Anthropologists
work it dash
Who want to Match?
we are in the process of putting together the Summer 2012 line and yes there will be pink!
All of your athletes' tweets must be approved by or .
Now on the crazy table of deals: Spider-Man- Family Ties for only $3.99
Perf! Thank you!
don't be upset. Everything happens for a reason. What is meant to be will be and if it wasn't meant to It could b good too.
#LitQuote: There are dark #shadows on the earth, but its #lights are stronger in the contrast. ~ #ThePickwickPapers by
MAKE ME!!
your nuts lol
Me: Happy Mother's Day, here's your present. Her: Where is it? Me: Standing right in front of you. Me: I am your present.
Amazing shoe! Looks so similar and familiar!
trade him while he is hot
Oh, and our new Press 53 Limited edition hardcovers (limited to 53 copies). We have a video on the website.
another cold day in chicago but thats ok because this is what this city is about. i like the chill as it makes one move faster!
Good Morning, come get some breakfast!
I do not wear outfits, I create looks
IM SEXY AND I KNOW IT
Still unreal smh...had a coo night! Long ride and a great talk wit my fat boi...he kept a dutch burnin
Didn't get to watch the game but good to hear Melo scored 41 and that the Knicks got the W.
you are on a Hero's Journey! TY for your inspiration!!
I'm gonna kick your ass!
Ready for the nights chaos to begin
I want to read up on Jung's interpretation of it. He was deep into the esoteric
Hi :). What's the question?
Attending #iPME? Stop by the booth and find out how #PingFederate from integrates PKI smart cards for cloud apps.
#ToddFlanders "Jesus cries blood every time you lie"
thanks for the RT on Saturday!
Beer: Giving you the courage to talk to women but taking away the ability to make sense
I've been trying to be more outgoing to people I'm not too close with.
And the insanity is over. Onalaska beats KM5-4 in the longest game ever!
Okay, like seriously. What did I do so bad that you blocked me?
Thank you for the tweet! Also, if your students are interested in ratings/salaries, we have a ton. Happy Friday.
thanks for sharing! hope we all become successful entrepreneurs!
well hurry up! Gates-Chili is in desperate need of a quality establishment such as yours!
Yeah. I Come Through
my speech is a thing of beauty. I think I might cry when I'm up there though...
We only use OEM original parts so you can rest assured your phone is fixed right the first time.
So sleepy! But so happy to have seen so many amazing folks at this year's #IndyVolved! Night to all!
Chipper Jones is retiring after this season. He was always my 1st choice on backyard baseball.. now I feel old
Absolutely, but my time is limited, so I usually can't get on Twitter until the weekends:)
Good Morning and Happy Saturday!!! "God gave you a body that can stand almost evreything, its your mind you have to convince."
#ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate "oops, Excuse Me! that slipped"
and fit them together, to follow alternate spellings of surnames, follow hunches, and a piece of paper really doesn't give ..
which PUTS song do you need the name of?
9pm I think RT What time do the ESPYs air?
Bored at work.
Why did you wait to post this @ 11am?
yea I just emailed you back. Thank you Perfection. You didn't have to do that :-) but I loved it ;-)
Nobody ever said love was easy.
Save the date: Our next chat will be June 6 at 4:00 EDT.
Early run to Poto, 12 hour seen then back to Madison tonight
Powerpoint sucks because it distracts from what people are saying (while it's supposed to enhance). Prezi just makes that worse.
"What do we want the world to be? How can we make that happen?"
Heading in to pick up a large order of rally apparel for the upcoming OTR this weekend. We are excited to be a part of it!
Happy Valentine's Day Everyone <3
Game time
I can't say brother I say brudda. Eww
I need somebody to buy me a 3-day CTA pass cuz I REFUSE to drive this weekend during #NATO So who buying it for me???
happy birthday to the one and only DJ B-Stanky Leg!
RT : ok question for yall wut would u rather have money or happiness => happiness for sure, but add the money for less stress!
is rockin' a Z-pack. Please please please free me from this sinus headache!
Yep, we're pulling names from a hat. Need to keep it fair, old school and random.
What's going on, re not being able to run or workout? Sorry I am out of the loop.
Final grades for the semester are coming in! So far so good.
Thank you! No bunts. No bunts. No bunts.
There went my bracket!
its cool! hows mexico?
i fly out to atl at 7 in the morning on my birthday
how exciting!! :D
There's nothing consistently funnier than people falling.
Isn't there something slightly sinister about three-tined forks?
#3WordsForYou I W o n t S t o p
it's my brother's, not mine.
I think physics caused it. RT : I like Kurt but didn't he cause this???
A govt that picks & chooses who to tax and not tax is a govt that has too much power.
I need to start 2 of these 3 today- Ahmad Bradshaw, Mark Ingram or Kevin Smith -Thanks for your help.
Divisions: Miss, Teen, Miss Jr Teen. Winners represent VA at the national Miss United States 2012 Pageant this July in Washington, DC
Wonderful trip. Will miss you girls. , , &
im now following, sorry i havnt been on twitter, but im back (;
so i lost the vocab that is due tomorrow for AP world
thanks for following Everybody Deserves Music! Let us know if you are ever in L.A. : ) : )
A two-out RBI double by Clemons drives in Alex Mercer and St. X is on the board trailing Eastern 2-1 in T3. Clemons now 2-for-2 vs. Strader.
Good Morning
I'll see what I can do - definitely looking forward to this change!
Wasn't a big Reebok fan but their #reebokcrossfit campaign has made me one! Powerful, inspiring. Wanna watch it on repeat when I work out!
Thanx for splitting a Miles of Chocolate with me...numnumnum. Thanx for supporting #TECHmunch and mking chocolate!
Hey boys heres the deal I live in INDY& Dean is a Good friend do I get 2free Tickets or do I pay double price
Best spring break <U+E405>
Naw, not rude.. just critically real! Lol.
lol at haters
went there last year b4 we played the Saints week 3. Will be hitting that up when we're back in preseason.
I want a small dog I can fit in my purse. I always have, I think they're so cute!!
Im kinda in the mood of eating strawberries covered in chocalate!...:D
The whole world is three drinks behind. If everyone in the world would take three drinks, we would have no trouble. ~ Humphrey Bogart
Awesome! Big Bang Theory will ALWAYS be better than being at work.
hi to all :D
Zero tolerance for bullshit
direct message sent :)
Big hoop earrings, that means she's on the prowl.
whether he admits it or not...they still stink worse than being downwind from AB.
Follow question: in general, what do you think of NDAs? Do you sign them? If so, when & why?
": If you really believe something, you will change your behavior to match it ( more people should believe this! )
Research after you write #USC #Writers conference Madison
yea right #gymtime ain't on
Got that young instagram? Follow me!-- MissTheKid
How did E pull Sloan? Sloan is beautiful
Ho many ratchets will i see in here today
marathon Monday,tipsy Tuesday,wasted Wednesday,thirsty Thursday,faded Friday,stripclub Saturday,Sunday funday
So true. Less than two weeks!
you truley deserve someone who will admire who you are! <3
We found that for Black LGBTs outness is a predictor of self-reported happiness. The more out one is the more likely they are to be happy.
I wish i could sleep and never wake up fucking work shit is blowing mine I need a vacation ASAP
Stop by The OC Mart MIX tonight for a charitable cause and good time! bit.ly/vW7VC4
90's prom party playlist! #suggestions ?
Im shy to tell someone about my sexuality </3
Fuck can't Tuesday & Wednesday come any faster!
gee which one of us has audio recording experience? i'll bring beer.
Word. RT Anyone of the venues will be great to party at! RT Who's ready for #CincodeMayo? WE ARE!
Heading to Alexandria, Va.! How is everyone?! :)
Thanks for the follow
You are smart. I am thinking of doing the same. Last night was 1:30am.
Bad pick up line: "I shit gold" That's very inconvenient, I don't have the plumbing facilities to support you're medical condition.
So true! I teach storytelling in my classes because stories resonate.
The GOP's failure to support the Obama Economic plan will come back to haunt them. When it works, they will be left out in the cold!
Wishing I wasn't too chicken to get on a motorcycle so I could go on the Dennis Hopper memorial ride with tonight. Have fun!
Wickedness will always reign
loud. noises.
back in 1953 we used to tweet during beatings
hahaha get that trout rod
hahah no! that's why I put random thought :)
if i hear moves like jagger one mo' again..
Well said Charles, the refs stole that from those ND kids
Walked into with $40. Walked out with $800. Yeah rent money!!
i) I wish I earned $0.003 every time contrapuntal is googled #longterminvesting, ii) when will Romney try on defiant for (kimono) size?
No School Todaay :D
what did I do?
All in da burbs in a town u neva seen before.
Happy Birthday, !
Look at the job description. That helps me when the requirements are vague.
Girls need to stop tryn to look like skrillex
woohoo! Have a fun and safe trip this weekend, you going to the rangers game??
Encouragement is the oxygen of the soul!!
Thanks!RT : i meant to tell yall, awesome job covering the jet crash the other day. WAVYTV was on shout out...
"there's 7 types of poop"
Thanks for the heads-up about , I didn't know them. Will definitely check them out!
Goal LA
THEY CALLED THE SCREEN!!??
#SmokeBloopers when you laughed so hard all the weed went everywhere in the car. Hahahah
Eminem on drugs and alcohol >
HAHA is just jealous of your #gunshow. We know you jacked baby!
Had amazing dance concert cnt wait til nxt year
just lookin for some kewl clothes to watcg YMAS on saturday ;D
Sat I will be playing a couple tunes with the great saxophonist Patrick Cornelius at the Blue Note in NYC. Set starts at Midnight! :)
morning, jason. how are you?
That's right - a Tparty Republican NEVER compromises his principles unless/until Pres Obama supports something he (used to) like.
Little Bear's mom! RT : Mrs Weasley MT Who are your fav moms in lit? I like Mrs. Murray of A Wrinkle in Time.
where would you have it att?
Oh we know and love them. We know they will go first round in the draft and we love when they win.
Looking forward to having cine out to #sandiego and rep Christ. well be in the building!
My parents don't trust me with money anymore and aren't gonna give me money until I'm responsible with it again. LOL
#FloRida Rockin the stage
Well this sucks.
If I can smell u outside on a windy night...u missed more than 'a' shower!
Why do people have to eat local honey to combat allergies to pollen?! Isn't honey the end result of ........ Pollen?!
can you please put on 11:11 on from Austin mahone ??(: thanks
Sharon Needles! #DragRace"
Someone too awesome.
imma punch you <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A>
does it have a hitch for the Turnbow dome?
Wys.! We Movies Nd Mall Soon.!
So full it's ridiculous.
Waiting for a pizza at papa murpheys
A 4 Amazing, B 4 Beautiful “: Help us with our A-Z of Adam Lambert. A is for American Idol, B is for BTIKM..."
I can't wait to go home & take countless shots
When are gonna be on the radio again? :)
right! It was great.
What if every kiss, every smile , every memory .....disapeared.
Come say HI to out 's grand opening at the River City Marketplace! We'll be there until 1p!
email received and responded.
I gripped the new Kronum ball firmly with my right hand, and at that moment, everything in the universe was perfect
RT : Step 2: Fight social media fire w/ social media water says by responding where ever you can
that is dangerous! lol...feel better!
tomorrow bro
Thank you. The rest of the country needs to support him and the general message....
117 in Phoenix today glad I have A/C
Left is Right | Right-Wing Media Joins Left in Gitmo Outrage - Huffington Post
oh, I didn't take her username, she changed it. Sorry):
Whoever let you out of the mental institution you were in should probably take you back you fucking psycho.
I could go for some #CPK right now.
#FF One of this most amazing (an fierce) people I know
Girl, don't get me started... #GameOfThrones #HBO RT : I miss Ned Stark.
Jay-Z's new album is to sick!!!!
I want a painting of a gun for my living room. An obscenely large one ... any tips to find?
What do you think about the Catholic mass?
but my baby isn't a baby anymore. He's too big for onesies :( make children shirts too!
woman's intuition is always right!!!!
no one asked for your opinion.
$10,000 - Wanna a photo with Mitt Romney, thats what it will cost you at a fundraiser in Arlington this week, NO THANKS
Remember that u probably will stall/gain because of ur cheat on #HCG. Cheating can result in up to 3 days of no weightloss
At my momma house smashn on these jelly beans
Favorite line from InPlainSight, Season 1, Episode 5: "But, I don't want to represent Entropy!"
Australian quicks excite Arthur
Kicking It Old School tonight in the Velvet Lounge! Starts at 9pm Karaoke Contest in the Gypsy Bar! Prizes from Widmer!
I am so tired right now!! :/
Sitting on the toilet xDD!
Not to brag... but everyone loves my coffee...
Come on #dullahan!!! Win me some money...
thanks , im hoping its funn and not akward lol
Watch out this weekend. State patrol troopers are looking for drunk drivers. Keep us all safe and organize a sober ride.
positive thinking yes! OK...let's do it! LOL
Let's go
you must have been living right. Welcome back.
I hate when niggas say sorry for what they did and then go do the same shit over again
OOH LLAMA LLAMA
Coco bar tonight !!
How I would love to go to the Kentucky Derby! Life provides few opportunities for a fabulous hat. Might need to have a Derby party next year
Don't they have some fact checkers vetting their stuff. C'mon.
I want a iPhone soo bad.....
Bets on who the other two to die will be? They always go in threes.
haha glad to hear! :)
I cross my heart and hope for the end
did everyone notice all the pretty green freshly laid sod in Acacia Park?
u called you !
do you have any locations in Houston?
RT : #Rockies locked
Ugh! I was asleep://
how is it that i only just now started following my favortie late night, barbarian handsome, mega star ? im so sorry coco!
I'm done arguing with these knuckle heads that have no FACTS to back up they're stance. I won't entertain it anymore.
Thanks! I'm obscurely comforted that it's Daily Razor's fault, not mine, and therefore their problem to fix.
It should be illegal to be this annoying at 7 in the morning.
spent the best 22 months by the most amazing man's side<3 #happy22 hehe <U+E415><U+E404> I love you soo much. #muahaha !
Anyone getting a pix of the firefighters for Twitter?
told me to eat her titty. O.o I'd be more than happy to, ma'am. ;)
Home watching a movie alone :-(
thank you so much, Tanya! It makes almost crashing the site today worthwhile. Have a good evening.
#Sarcasm. Of course I didn't really mean that was ironic.
beating the heat...by hiding in the basement
Big shout out to for setting up great interview between Juan Williams and Pat Buchanan to be aired on Fox News.
_ don't like latex?
Friendster is back, hits online gaming scene
What's your favorite Mycle_Wastman song? Check him out live tonight, 10pm-1am
You're so vain you probably think that sex was about you.
Oh wow that's awesome actually. I am going to someone muddle through Champions League Finals- Clippers- Lakers tomorrow!
For once can there by a boy tht i meet tht's not an asshole! :/
I'm the shit, I'm the shit, I'm that mafuckin nigga and til last dying breathe Ima make yall remember, I don't do what I do for fun
#spriteslam Kevin hart dumb aha
Its not braden
I love it when competing projects merge. It means less work for users and faster progress on new development (re: cake + leiningen).
"wait we can't go I lost my nickel!"
RT : Pinterest is a great place for brands to make boards/pins about the LIFESTYLE of your end user, not the brand
The heart of Monster Banksters are their gobs of attorneys. Incarcerate them - free innocents, overly accused and the medical/mental ill.
#writingsurvey How early do you wake up to start your creative process? Please RT!
Please, RT my tweets and tell your friends, follow me, i put really good tweets, and if they need an advice, i'll give it (: RT
Couldn't get in. Not sure if it's badge only or private party. Looks like a badge will get you in. Good luck!
Just saw an extra $20 in my bank account. Thanks Chase!
Me and are at Lincoln Hall for The Weeknd. It's Thursday. Thursday!!!
check ya email!!
RT : just wanted to say again that the show in Cutler park was refreshing to say the least.--thanks 1000x's!
look i woke up early today
A is following me <U+2665> Thank u for following me it means so much i lovve ur songs <U+2665>
Enthusiasm at work is fine but holy fuck, can you tone it down a notch???
"Wake up wake up wake up it's the 1st of the month. To get up get up get up so cash your checks and get up" Start my May off right w/ Bone!
I think we can official start blaming the current administration for the silly things it says and does and leave behind the Bush. Dig that?
Good morning, everyone! :)
my teacher told me that i hav to stop doing my book reports on books by :)The Last Song, The Notebook, Dear John. My faves!
Happy New Year from IGenii!!!
Why would they demote someone who has looked good in the 'pen?!?! And I thought Iglesias wasn't hitting in A?
Maybe somebody can explain to me what this means. I have Kred Influence 684 and an Outreach level of 7 in the Global Community, 1/2
The love I'm getting behind my music>>>>thank you all supporting me unlike most I'm grateful for every retweet even if you didn't listen.
Letter To My Son Is On MTV Jams #CutTheFuckUpThenTRIP!
The AVC MKE follows Ed Hardy, but does not follow Ouch! If followed, I pledge to not make a Milverine shirt.
#muse2011 Come to our Hour of Power Book Publicity Strategies in the Cambridge Room at 3:45 today!
the trunk/ version of Google Refine is better at handling xml files.
The battle Starts and ends with you. Conquer and win the battle within
would have to go with Metroid or Zelda.
Good weekend <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Script time!
#inthesummer just have a bunch of fun.
Happy first day of Spring! We've received several inches of rain over the past 24 hours bringing our grass, lakes, and rivers back to life!
is coming up fast. Make sure to get some tickets now, this night is going to be incredible!
figured. gonna walk back over after work and play a rubber-necker
Used my reward on a new pair of Hudson's! Yay!
Lottery: A tax on people who are bad at math
RT : Great spaces inspire. They perform for the people + organizations that depend on them. Via +
just chilling before my shift... Caught your Mixtape DO NOT PASS GO! DO NOT COLLECT $200!
really good
Good luck lovely! XOXOXOXOX
The Library is at the Welcome Week event again today 3:30-5:30PM, LTB 1104-05. Come talk to us, we have candy :)
Catch tonight at Tavern 99. Music starts at 830. Show your face, ATL.
Ray Allen returns to Celtics – ESPN | News
First off, this has nothing to do with Dems or Repubs or anything inbetween. This is about respect for women.
Only thing that will get me more than you & tequila is #remindme..can't wait to see our #CMAawards hosts kill it!
"This aint champagne this is champipple"-Tommy #Martin lololol "after a couple of drinks they won't notice"-Martin so bootleg lmaooo
m haha that should be fun.
strong rumor i get to see you Wed night in Cleveland for Ryan Adams..any truth to that?
: getting addicted to your house crasher, garden crasher, bathroom crasher shows. Love them! open to be your candidate for any of them!
Great turnout for the InterGrowth 5k!
Enjoying the rest of my last day off with the paper, thinking about the potato business Bob told me
Oh, that looks like fun.
Note: young female #Orioles fans love My interactions usually come with people who are a bit sweatier.
Sleeping time .
Who's ready for 2012?? Me and WILL be taking over....we move quietly
ctfu right!!! Send her ass a gift & some money lol.
South Hills Strategy Meeting Sunday, March 18 6:00 PM Mt Lebanon Rec Center (Pittsburgh, PA
Nobody really understands that McGee is #shitty lol
no fair!
haha yeah so you livin in Dallas?
yup. And then soon as heather tried calling me on Skype my shit decided to work. I was like "heather I love you" lmao
Jennifer Velasquez workshop tomorrow - give teens leadership opportunities, gain collections and programs they will support....
The Mexico Blue Film Fest back! It will tour Baja, Ixtapa & DF It will also go to Oaxaca Barra de Potosi, Vallarta & Sayulita- don't miss it
quite lovely
Man United v. Spurs is on espn2 this morning in HD!! Can't wait!
My sister just disappointed me <U+E411><U+E413><U+E023><U+E023><U+E023> bleeeeeh.
made a hole in one so maaaaaube. I'm a lost cause.
i will crush you
Fina go to centennial n a lil bit eatin out at the park
Busy week ahead! I need to do 10 window cleaning estimates, maybe I can do one for you.
If hubby doesn't get this Christmas crap put away soon, we will be converting to Atheism!
I'm not, however, pleased w the nickname "Bad Chad."
thats a Bet im ready when u R
Oh, do I ever! I grew up with the 71 drive-in. They had pony rides and a kiddie train that circled the drive-in!
They said single people are happier.
NO4 IS SO GLAD TO BE SIGN TO THIS LABEL.RT
Q6 More ideas: student shelf-reads an age appropriate section while learning to alphabetize, students market books...
That sounds fun..I will try to make it...Thanks! ;)
Im very affectionate verbally ad physically o yes especially physically : )
I don't think I have, hit me.
Heading to church with all the ladies in my family to celebrate mothers day :)
Is it time for your oil change? We also do courtesy top offs, including wiper fluid, vacuum, and tire checks! Stop on by today!
HAHA :( how do we go about getting one of those.... ?
A shout out to my new followers! Gr8 to connect w/U!
Cats are only cute when they're young.
Fuck you, nobody cares.
30+ years! Ca Ray Zee!! Congrats and cheers to adding the "hair" category! : )
those misguided souls really need to get a Life.
Well developed apps should have no problems taking more vertical space. One new screen resolution isn't the end of the world.
Think FB social readers are declining not b/c ppl aren't reading WaPo but b/c social readers are obnoxious.
don't you use that hashtag with me!
We are thrilled to be a part of the team!
All the judging slots are filled already :( But we do have a contest each year for a guest judge... next year could be you!
'Powerful' I'm not convinced of, 'consistent' would be nice.
fine be mad at me for something I told you Weeks ago
Studying for history...this chapter is so long! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
“: Thanks for having me on the show! Glad you liked the squirrel meatballs!!” RT
All I ever wanted was for you to know that I care.
Lemme get the follow back !!
I listen to music sometimes :)
let me know if you want a HOT New York mix or your record to make it even MORE dope.
Detroit represent on #fashionstar!
Hang in there baby!!!!
Summer Vacation is almost here! What song gets you ready for all the sunny days! -CS
I know how to use it now, haha. Walaik I had to browse through it for a bit I never use it but I think its cool I like it.
Tweet of the day-> RT : Bobby Petrino gives new meaning to "tooling around on a hog."
I wonder what Judge Judy thinks when she hears, "Judge not lest ye be judged."
Did you know that goose bumps are actually little pimples that help retain a layer of warm air over our body?! Have a great weekend!
Is your phone working yet!?
android if you want the ability to customize everything and ability to torrent apps. iPhone is user-friendly and better design
why does my NV dept of tax payment go to an address in AZ?
Ramona x-x
Hey, thanks for the RT
I highly recommend Norway! Especially in the summer! I did the Norway in a Nutshell tour!
Great Job and for rockin' the first #GLradio show. Talking sensuality is so important and so needed. You rock!
Love you beautiful, ARGENTINA loves you baby <3
What have you seen at #mff2011? What will you see? What are your faves/disappointments? Headed to Marcus North Shore, c u there.
Looking for some easy appitizer recipes any ideas or great websites?? Thank you
Q: What do you call two spiders who just got married?A: Newlywebs.
You mean Sunday?
no problem, when will you be in Chicago? “: thx man!”
Love my new blender!
same...I hate her
Watching the Super Bowl at Sagos!!!!!
that's my twin sister. We were born identical, but, y'know....life.
Forgiveness is a great tool for Self Healing. Start by forgiving yourself, then let that forgiveness expand to those in need of it.
"I do this because I'm thinking about doing that, but only when I have mastered my thoughts of that will it become... This"
thank u!
I already followed you back ^_^ take care!
Hooking up with some beta testers today - then a little bug fixing.
Bored as hell , Not the best way to end my day -__-
not to mention they loved their food except the burger that was so juicy it squirted on the mans shirt..
I feel like I text the same people and have the same conversations everyday.
congrats moe that's amazing! Great catching UP today, wish you all the success in the world
Thanks, boys! You're the best!
How can someone lie so much and not get tired of the bullshit..
Whenever I go into a confession booth I ask to see the manager. My main complete is the lack of a .99 menu and a drive thru.
holding down your Wednesday afternoon! Requests?
luuuul my sister just said "Zayn Malik is not a god" can you please come to my house and beat her up?
Thank you so much for the kind words. issue No. 2 is coming March 2012! Stay tuned, it is going to be great!
I'm just gonna put my phone down now
Was that Annie's boobs?
follow for follow? <U+2665>
order them from the Internet.. I won't tell
Well, I guess you can't have a room of your own AND a room with a view. I hope it's a nice service station at least! :)
Ha! Worry not world. The pets of Big D drink Evian & watch AnimalChannel on plasma tvs in doggie spas and boutiques. All's well.
There are no ordinary moments. There is always something going on.” ? Peaceful Warrior
Why don't we have a 3-dollar bill?
Cyclists want to share the roads with cars? Start by abiding by the same laws.
no-no you're not stupid :) it was just a wrong little thingy ;)
our college team had Will Clarke and Pallmero That was sweet every game
Is it normal to dismiss jurors like that?
Great things to come! RT : congrats to nicole zinno and todd ciampa on their new positions!
my man! Can I get a follow back?
# 2 Megan Good
Yep. But want to see more CBs with speed & can cover. Tired of seeing WRs 5-10 yrds behind the coverage.
bet she believes it tho lol
U were only RNC Chair because of Obama. RWrs wanted 2 prove they aren't racist...they failed. U got 2 big fer yer britches.
thanks for follow sexy!
pretty much, yes.
hey ! that's awesome! did you happen to get any pictures?
That's really too bad, about L.T.
Also pondering today: When people say, "The Valley," which valley do they mean? Silicon? Vegas? Ohio? Delaware? Shenandoah? Willamette?
The harold song >>>kesha OH CHESS
I feel like I live in weho... lol
Sitting behind the sexiest guy in roanoke....
Thanks. When are you coming to SF?
And Boston wins? Wtf?
Hi Julie, I create fun, unique events with authors that are experiential in nature and aren't the typical bookstore lecture.
Tracy! So sorry to have not stopped by your table. Thanks so much for coming in! How was everything?
The things Raegan says about oomf has me dying omg
#observations of the day
olivia what movie will you be in next
Lost all my contacts. Music. Fack.
Tribe game and
I just wanna go tanning
Our grain-free noms are popular. Or the honey rosemary chicken. They smell awesome too!
oh i knew wat it meant i was jp ooohh
Marc Savard Donating TD Garden Suite to Children's Hospital Head Trauma Patients for Rest of Bruins Season bit.ly/AvZpGI
Kudos on the campaign.... definitely got my support, I'll post something on as well and our FB..
$240?!? Not sure how I've managed to stay ticket free all of college so far...
P90x!!! Gotta luv it! Great transformations!
I love you pookie! Xoxo call you tomorrow
Hey, John Edwards, phrase to avoid, "I did not have relations with that woman."
We are here!
Looking to hire a Business Analyst that is interested in going perm. Must have ERP implementation experience, specifically in a financial …
Taking the kids to get their sports physicals at Saint Mary's Clinic at Walmart on Kietzke. Such an easy and quick option.
Happy New Year everyone! I'm going to be partying like a rock star and fucking like a porn star ;)
I guess I have a cat now? Pictures soon.
Just completed Week 2 - Day 2 (completed 2.11mi with run pace of 26:33 min/mi) of Ease into 5K with running app
ate at Five Guys. they have the BEST fries. that will be on my grave, "but they had the BEST fries."
I like that!
I really want to like but everything I see seems so condescending/counterproductive. How do you change ppl by insulting them?
the rain what else
So...who wants to buy my plane ticket to Vegas for #NABshow?
Is it me or is the daily show not very funny since the election? (Maybe dubya was good for something...)
hey now! Haha I know I know I suck at singing!
Am still in shock about this marriage equality shift. Wow.
please follow my new account , iam already following u.
Tough to put into words how much the Beastie Boys mean to me. Condolences to MCA's wife and daughter and entire Beasties fam
Facebook vs. Twitter Instagram vs Viddy
Meet & Greet W/Yukmouth >>FRIDAY APRIL 20th<< 6-8pm at Harold Penner's ***CRYSTAL SHOPPING CENTER***
Just figured out how to title this paper: "Nelson Rockefeller was a Primitive Anarchist and So Can You."
Source: North Texas leaving Sun Belt for Conference USA North Texas will leave the Sun Belt to join Conference USA, a source close
Thanks for giving them such great stuff to say! Good luck in your future endeavors :)
It's the #Playoffs do u really sit the stars in a situation like this?!?!
drawing random stuff :D
Yeah it was up for a minute and then GONE! Not even listed on the site anymore.
Thanks for continued success on iOS game! 3 mths & still going strong. Built on #Titanium!
I'm in (downtown) SEA this week if you want to get together for food/drink/etc.
Coyotes are pretty good ventriloquists.
My boi over my crib having girl problems as usual.
is the girl a holy roller? Idk what its called xD u could be my trainee xD
Probably both would actually have to, you know, commit terrorism at some point
no. An emphatic no.
You know what? all the mahomies hate you because you hang out with austin! But i believe your really really pretty!(: -Bria
I don't know that I'm depressed, maybe the rest of you are just too happy in a way that can't be clinically diagnosed.
Gonna take a little nap ^-^ Night little tweeters
Trying to get back on the twitter thing... Let's see how long that last! lol
& myself receiving NAPSG Excellence Award for Public Safety GIS for the local work we are doing together.
I feel #awful for relationships that are full of shit. Newsflash everyone, stay single! Better,cheaper,overall joy
I think they're just trying to hurt us now.
The Avengers was an amazing movie.
If you don't like something, change it. If you can't change it, change your attitude.
no veggies? Chicken is also rare in our house. Sounds like rice cooker is not in our future.
Congratulations Bubba. What a great finish.
Long day at the NGS conference! Now relaxing with a glass of vino :)
Really cold weather = really hot coffee!
Just finished the 24hr birthday food trifecta! #jackstack #okjoes #strouds So who is gonna check for a pulse tomorrow?
Hemingway's Whiskey Warm smooth & Mean !!!!
First tweet from my #droid - So far I love it. Will need a few weeks to kick the tires.
djekwks follow me
If you follow I will send Justin bieber 2 DMs for you just tweet me when you did
I feel as though #NFLDraftDay should be a national holiday. Here's to hoping for an excellent draft day for #Packers and former #Badgers!!
Planning my first "Girls Read" program.
I'm random. Bring it!
The Shave barbersho Miami beach Best barbershop 305-866-1940 thank u
"War is Peace" "Freedom is Slavery" "Ignorance is Strength."- "George Orwell
Mallow cups! RT : Happy Chocolate Day! What is your favorite chocolate candy bar?
New tagline for the Internet: Like Me, Or I'll Report You To Search Authorities
I think more people need to start using the hashtag #andthefoul. Seriously...highly underused & appropriate even outside of
Head on over to P415 now to see faculty candidate Monica Colon-Aguirre's presentation! Student feedback is much appreciated....#hooray!
that's funny dumbass like he's in a freakin rodeo or something
i did
Sad day in
Ate rocky road ice cream and dyed my hair pink.
I love you, follow me please
you want me quiet? when people homeless, under bridges going insane, kids can't spell their names?
praise Him!!
Health Tips: Saturated fats are not as bad for you as the medical stalwarts would have you believe.
my need is special ... retarded yo breath stank oh never mind i just farted
We're now tied. If he scores or steals a base, I lose.
This game is a wrap.
dog flags are fantastic!
Funny! RT : I think I have mastered the art of tweeting, emailing and burping an infant simultaneously.
haven't tried feline pine, but have tried some wheat based ones. i wasn't impressed. back to scoopable clay.
Thanks for the mention
#archives Early Action Applications at Harvard Are Up… and That’s a Good Sign Early admissions programs at big time colleges and universi
idk, I' should call stick back.
Good morning Twitter Nation!!
This is how we do. We act a fool on the the dance at the clue
I'm so bored that I googled Iowa :P
Forgot how much I love "rock with you" by micahel jackson. Jammin in the car!
haha ok ok :)
I didn't know who I was until I made me who I am.
According to the Office of Community Oriented Police Service, most thieves stay away from houses with home security signs!
Music is my religion.... Authentic Icon
It shall be.
Forgot to do her letter ._____.
keep your head up. If it weren't for you we would've been done in game 5. You're a warrior man keep fighting
Finally made it home from work
happy birthday ugly :) have a good one old lady
Miss the wife. Dam
LoL, except you didn't even follow me.
The fact that I still need a car wash after last night's rain should really tell you a lot about the amount of the bird poop on my car.
just recently .. reported seeing paper on the windows just a few days ago....so sad :(
Kino! RT : Dang the heat's coach reminds me of the actor from teenage mutant ninja turtles part 2
Fuck off At&t for cutting my phone off even though it has been paid u mutha fuckers!?
read about this on hologram hiphopinfinitydotcom RT : hologram anticon and hologram project blowed at hologram scribble jam
Missed tackles, missed blocks, ill-timed penalties, inconsistency, continue to mark this season and coaching bears responsibility.
Your welcome doll!
I just saw this tweet...not sure what it's in reference too but I hope we can make it the same!
when ever I have alot to think about, I always shoot bow. I don't know why, but it always helps.
Let's Meat On the Avenue in #DelRay has by far THE best lamb around here. I highly recommend!!
i will thanks :)
damn thats a sweet tailend :D
Un jours il me #RT :p
Shoutout to -----> Go follow right now. Xo
Gotta new laptop!!! Thxx Granddad:]
House hunting :^)
“: So happy that I own feetie pajamas.”. Super jealous...
I'm obligated to my son financially not you
Thanks for following my personal
ITS MY BIRTHDAY!!! CAN YOU FOLLOW ME? :)
Is it any coincidence that the Clippers coach, Vinny Del Negro is a former SPUR?
maybe it's
idk he's stupid
hey, take a minute to check us out please?? :)
im waiting on you
OMG Bailey is a riot tonight. She asked me what a Virgin was. She said she thought they were people who didn't eat meat. Vegan =/= Virgin
Self-doubt is the number one destroyer of lives.
Love iPhone. Just bought the latest book of All You Need to Know About the Music Business by via app in line
Jump into 2012 in style! RT Join us for our New Year's Day Jazz Brunch tomorrow! Call 304-536-1110 for details!
Shower then callin the boyfriend(:
Geesh. Worst week of my life-.-
at the end of Q1, is all tied at 31.. Renaldo Major leading the Jam with 9 points
She actually texted me back a couple times! :o
So sick and bored! I might die
Question for every dude under the age of 22: Why the high socks?
Love, love your service but so disappointed in this BofA outage. I will hate to leave but must if it's not fixed soon!
“: Being allergic to air...sucks.” that's why I don't breathe
Great stat: YouTube has more video every month than has been broadcast by the big three TV networks in the last 60 years
hahah, we hear about it constantly and it's very similar in content
Let's not kid ourselves: This OKC-Lakers game is terrible.
Read letter!!!
SDPD will expand Internal Affairs unit to more quickly investigate alleged wrong doing by officers. 3 or 4 Sgts will be added
I didn't get my full today at tumbling , but niether did Ali , so that's okay ,(:
Watching this Alumni game... I realize how many great players Maryland has had.
I remember when I gave a shit about you and you didn't about me, so why the fuck should I give a shit now that you do?? BYE.
Lecrae 'Church Clothes' Mixtape: Rapper Debuts New Project With No Malice, Boi-1da
bae sleep & i'm wide awoke.. uggghh!!!
please explore the potential of contracting our armed services out to NAFTA countries. if australia wants troops, so mit others
When you come to piano source we assure you to experience the “the red carpet” treatment.
Watching family guy
<U+266B> mi really like how yu manage it...mi like it di way yuh set and plant it....yuh lead me follow any way yu want it <U+266B>
It's a very exciting time of the year! Be safe and have a Merry Christmas :)
any suggestions for where one might go for some Christmas caroling and similar festivities?
Just saw the funniest thing at Noah's preschool and I can't stop cracking up, alone, in my car. Got the giggles. Why is tripping so funny?
Got Friday afternoon off work so I can watch in the NCAA tourney. You have to have priorities in life!
oh yea? Hopefully something soon
RT : RT : #FoodWars - Dear MKETweeps - New Season begins August 18th! Now following Man v. Food Wednesdays, get ready!
Watch out for the New House Nation Mix Coming Soon!!!
Tim Tebow held Easter Service in Texas and 20,000 people came.
uhm no yu better hope ! - i value my mouth & teeth to much for tht ish .
I came that you may have and enjoy life and have it in abundance, until it overflows. - John 10:10
Never ever ever getting my hopes up again. This is what happens
I did! Although you went into hiding again.
Instead of "Bees in da trap" I'm singing "Snakes in da grass, snakes in da grass" smh
Am I the only one that suffers from severe anxiety when on the receiving end of a high-5? Maybe even a fistbump at times?
“ Things my friends say "#fact even if your sideline knows about your girlfriend she still going to fuck you "”very tru n sad
red shirt looks like a poor man's David Blaine
lololol you caught me
u say this is going bed early, I say this is going to bed late
. that's your government ... making your life worse in small ways, every day.
now following!
what pedals are you using playing live these days? How bout for recording?
5 Ways an iPad Can Transform Bad Meetings
My moms said shes abt to ring my sisters neck.
Yea. And Vanessa told me her uncle's selling some tickets. When do you get back?
COMING SOON: Moving On Tour poster!
Why thank you. Ajua!
Our neighbor "Gran Torino" has been weedwhacking the dirt on his front lawn all afternoon. Think he's trying to get everything off his lawn.
So glad to see memoir at No. 1 on the New York Times bestseller list, right where it should be.
Off to city to have delicious Italian food along w/ buckets of wine so I can ignore fact that computer wouldn't turn on this afternoon...
There may be some confusion on Green vs. Gold model in the article (see comments). I hope that a correction/update is made.
Butterflies never felt so good <3
All the books in the world contain no more information than is broadcast as video in an American city in a year ~C.Sagan
i feel you on the asap rocky shit..everyone from new york is doing that down south shit for some reason.
It is fixed in 7.4. I can build you a custom dll with 7.3.4 and just that change if you are willing to take the risk.
we had waaaayyyy to much fun last night! Today was tiring lol.
RT : RT : Is Social Media the batter or the icing on the cake? #smss12 It should be the batter - a more...
An 80 year old woman at this autograph signing I was shooting came up to me to say I was cute - guess I have that going for me
Lol guys, promise I'll tweet a picture as soon as it's done.
Very nice to meet you! I'm pretty new to machine learning-- can you recommend any introductory tutorials to ML using R?
a bit snowed under now. soon as my work schedule lets up, I will spend more time looking at the intriguing
shouldnt you be in bed asleep? :p
Is it still snowy over there? We've been enjoying MTB rides almost every day. Even had to replace brake pads already.
data point?
Why didn't I do HDFS?
Singing one of my personal fave songs tomorrow for national youth day. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
off again 2day
lemme talk to joel, c if he wants to go,I'm game for whateva!
:) I just spent the last $9 in my wallet on cheese, crackers, tomatoes and basil at Aldi. I'm broke, but it's gorgeous out. Happy
haha i hope!!
u have a great ride and a great weekend.
"youtu.be/cM29Giiq6RM #realniggatalk this that real nigga talk what it sound like" ahaa - i seen u in da credits slim! <--
Papa johns in the loft like a boss
That's crazy! At least you have plates! I see cars without them all the time haha
hot ass canadian that will be from Canada. We need some talented people. I mean the worlds full of it, but we need one.<3 I mean Justin,(c)
library employers want tech skills, supervisory experience, instruction, reference, and tech services high on the list.
wtf was that???
A question one of us needs to ask PV this afternoon... RT : Odds this happens?
#myconcertdemands a boatload of money and some heavy autotune.
In Louisiana... I'll be in Dallas next week... What's good tho? What club is popping?
Honoring Reverend Dale Dusman for his 25 years as the President of the Charles North Community Assn. (12th District).
Beautiful weather. Patios. Beach. Grilling out. Sunshine.
Go vote for #Vinny as MVP on the #CBJ website poll!
Primary day. Up early with signs in trunk. Hit the polls all day. Then watch returns. Always exciting.
RT : New media campaigns are a two-way conversation - you are in a long term relationship with your list -
House Shows >
Anyone watch #TheVoice tonight? Some killer performances... Christina is amazing!
Congrats brotha. Been a minute. Hope you're well RT : Today from 1 to 4 djin a Steven Tyler Event
#PeakDiscovery to attend The Masters Conference in Washington DC October 3-5, 2011
thanks anyway, we are just happy to have found a copy of the segment!
it was a pleasure having u play last night!! Thanks for everything!! U ROCKED the club to the fullest!! Let's do it again soon
Snake bites it is:)
Director Matt Besser was in C'ville showing "Freakdance" and follwing w/ a Q&A. Thanks to the Cville film community for attending /sarcasm
win and a win over the #blackhawks . Good night.
I will rest and exercise this eventing. Cynthia Harris
but there are too few of these? May get the truer story in the streets...
someone died last year at warped because he was dehydrated
Make sure my name its on the room. See you in a few hours
I have 2 accounts, ArtNotHate & CreativeShare. Want to change ANH to CS. Do I have to deactivate CS to change ANH to CS? Merge?
But even if I'm left high and dry at the end of this wild journey, just taking it is a great feeling. Olivia Wilde
#wine fact: Carménère, a grape similar to merlot and originally from Bordeaux, is not mostly found in Chile.
Enthusiasm makes the difference!!!!
I don't remember... I still try n hang with you guys and keep in touch but I guess my HS friendships are OVER!!! : (
Illiterate of the 21st century will not be those that cannot read or write, but those who cannot learn, unlearn and relearn, Alvin Toffler
#ThingsIveRealized You can't change people if they don't want to change...no matter what you say or do.
cant wait for tomorrow cuz its easter plus vinnys birthday!!!!.
My work event today went really well! Relief. Rewarding myself with a trip to nearby Mexican restaurant for lunch to gorge on chips & salsa
hahaha was it golden too :)
Me n B.George having a ball at 5th element n 704. Whutchu kno. Bout it
Fun half day! :)
I saw a billboard for a movie called puss in boots,couldn't snap a picture, but felt obligated to tell you all about it for obvious reasons
Just give me an athletic, Latina, ESL-type wife and I'm STR8.
I woke up this morning playing our song and through my tears I sang along.
Learn more about the Center for Latin American Studies (CLAS) at OSU by visiting our website!! www.clas.osu.edu
In this case, it was to Kareem Abdul Jabbar (answer: "The Guggenheim"). But I hear ya.
how #oomf ALWAYS sends me a good night text >>>> #nomatterwhat #everyday (:
Hey check your direct messages go and reply to mine ok
ever sense quieted down this team has regressed. Let plush be plush.
Omfg. Accidentally swallowed my cough drop. Um, ouch?? >.<
Tomorrow's review is a #beer from the great state of Texas.
fairmont my first year, then up to morgantown haha
hola! Please follow us
“: oh i heard everyone gets a free show with you cam #cameronsaslut”
Anyone else having problems getting twitpics on your iPhone?
Happy Weekend!
I think A. Reed deserves to be in
I counted 8. Great video! Which are you seeing more of in new pub agreements: nonexclusive license language or complete © transfer?
Join us at the German Branch as we make Steampunk Jewelery on April 26th at 6 p.m. Register online or call 271-5144.
Brittania is so your type.
Fun day w getting pulled off a plane for canceled flight, then having a camera stuck in my face for their shitty reality show.
Were you single on Valentines Day? Don't worry, Diversity will never leave you. And shopping is good therapy. Come say howdy today!
Ha Ha Ha
RT : #Aries are independent, but don't mistake that for detachment. For the right person, an Aries will definitely play the game.
I'm here for you buddy :D
Why why wont and follow me I guess I'm to boring :'( :-(
Fashioniznit premiere Launch & After Party Sat June 30th in NYC stay tuned for details
Great opening day for the
I wish I knew what was going on. I just want to go see my family!
is that a type of tea?
If the draft was still alive this war would have been finished three years ago.
yep...1st time. But I had to catch up on some office work from home so I was glancing at my TL every once in a while.
lol niki thats how i feel but since we have parents WE HAVE TO GO!!! >:/
Let's agree. You #follow. I'll follow. You #unfollow. I unfollow. No one's Twitter account is "more important" than anyone elses. OK?
Can you name any of the "C's" that you should look for when shopping for Diamonds?
Somebody want to warm me up and then lay down with me? Im so cold and tired...
Thank you! Yeah, I've been diggin' on your pins too! I am becoming somewhat addicted to
There will be contest being announced soon with a chance to win 2 free tickets to our September 17th show in Cleveland, Ohio...STAY TUNED!
It's so strange for me to think that my living place was once a public space..the friendships that were formed, the stories that were told..
RT : Thanks for always supporting Jeremy!
Gonna eat a meatball.
Good Morning
Here's a helpful tip from Kwik Kar: It is recommended that you have your vehicle's wheels rotated every 7,500 miles!!! Happy Car. Happy You.
A very good cause my friends.
Done with the semester
Can't wait for the new series of
I am officially in heaven. #rackopening Happy TweetUp at the new Nordstrom Rack!
I have come across so many artists that need recognition! so much good work coming into the label now!
96% of people looking for local content on their mobile phone. 99% of those taking action right after.
thanks, e! RT : Actually all THREE of you are the bomb RT : Thanks, ! I know, isn't the bomb?
RT DaniSchiliro --> I really apreciatte your clear way of being! <-- Let's see if we can get them honest!
Looks like hacking is going on 3 more dms from u!
at least its not as bad as us Bulls fans have it..you guys get one more shot!
When will we know who wonn?(:
really wish someone would explain! Or else i might have to go google it or something :p
Took me long enough but finally I read Moneyball. Great stuff as always from Michael Lewis.
we are loving all of the emails we are getting for our Galtime ABQ Guy. Keep Emailing me at
Minneapolis is in the mix as a possible destination, although it isn't on the schedule as of yet. Thanks for the suggestion!
Should I promote it there? We think white smiles are sexy and everyone should use are product to keep theirs sexy&white!
Cowherd's obsession w/ John Wall's "Dougie" is tired. Put him on a decent team and then judge him. D.C. is where players go to die.
good call
A lot of people lost substance in their personality since social networking got hot...
whats a fair price for Full Tilt money right now? getting varying opinions. i was thinking 95%+, am I fishing hard or something?
that's awesome :) your a freshman?
Happy to hear you enjoyed our #popcorn today. Hope you stop by again!
My brother shattered his pinky and tomorrow he's getting surgery :(
I shed so much hair in the shower, I should have been bald 10 years ago.
to teach you soccer this summer
RT Watching these Cartel videos piss me off! >:( Those bitches are not people, they're fckn ANIMALS!
No school tomorrow :) gotta love snow days..
Probably, but they likely stick the bundles of money in their ears to drown out the people laughing at them.
doing it
BREAKING: BLS April jobs report, private-sector jobs declined by 6,200 and by 11,100 over the year, grew by net 10,100 since December 2011
Also the boss so no grassing about me being on here loads Follow im in the mood to visit greyhound racing
I don't doubt that AaronRogers is good, but until he has 2 SB titles talk is cheaper than skank trying to get a nut. GO GIANTS
3 reason to date a British. 1)He might know Harry Styles. 2)He might know someone who know Harry Styles. 3) He might be Harry Styles.
Going on a run! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Can I make a request? I want you to play ____
Worst dream I've ever had /:
Tired of waiting.
Jonah Hill and Kristen Wiig are definitely banging right now
I Wanna Recieve A Random Picture From My GF <3
RT : I'm hoping I can wake up tmr for breakfast at 900 am for Mothers Day!! <--- Yeah that's early, hope you do.
I want a pair of Toms!
You lucky man.
Fact about Me: sad music cheers me up!
Sometimes I follow a Twitter elite, even though they only follow themselves.
follow them, they stay with updates of jobs with openings. <U+270C>
ha thank you!
Happy Mother's Day!!!!!!
Any special hashtag for today, ?
Looking for live music Sat night? Red Kitchen & Bar features live music now! The Byrnin' Duo will play from 8:30-11:30pm. See you there!
hey Ian
you are welcome!
TRANQUIL AS A FOREST... BUT A FIRE WITHIN. ONCE YOU FIND YOUR CENTER, YOU ARE SURE TO WIN...
“: I'm hanging out with Matt Donovan. Small world!” small indeed!
Our hearts go out to Derrick Rose, one of Chicago's finest.
I love dat movie
Just reached for the hand sanitizer thinking it was my water bottle. Time to send me home...
Travelling east coast to west coast and the SF D makes it SF, NE in the Super Bowl.
Our website is temporarily down! Please bear with us as we fix the technical snafu.
Hope it's a good move. I might move in a couple of years. May follow my daughter to college. Hawaii is too far from everything
"Life is what you make it to be"
yeah right, even if she was there, what meaningful words could she possibly utter?
Operation Just Cause was the code name for the U.S. invasion of which country under George H. W. Bush?
Yep. The tester actually works pretty well. It should. The model they copied works well. :-D
haven't seem you and the bishop since we did ny with C+Swiss Hemp tea. I'm in the A hit me up
and the group is pretty good as well:)
nada.. gotta work :[
home for a month and then back to the city it is!
Getting #drilled with a
WE HAVE THOSE HOT ADIDAS SHIRTS TO MATCH THE SHOES
#dsoc #slasummit be sure to have enuf short term opportunities for volunteers w/ limited amounts of time
Yes RT : when you're having the best dream ever and wake up, does anyone else ever try to fall back asleep to finish the dream?
When i looked at you I saw a family I saw love and a long happy life, when you see me you see a short time and a fun for now..
modric looks uninterested and motivated. he looks like a player that wants to be sold in the summer.
Ha! You sound like me right now, except I'm not using site grinder. I'm trying to do it from scratch.
fuckkk ima have a great birthday man
Shay- when is your skinny ass getting the 4s? I'm having iphone withdrawals- do I need to go to the actual store?
maybe that's next, I will have to go back and check
Being in early classes make me mad... All these seniors tweeting they shouldn't be up. Smh
today is such a beautiful day :)
it was amazing! Just what the doctor ordered :) can't wait for my next visit, I loved those Detroit chips
Nobody is noticing my 911 pin. I'm gonna have to glue on some rinestones!!
We're lookin real rusty huh ???
your welcome(:
lol i see u taylor swift
Putting drops in teachers' buckets trying to help fill them up today. They in turn filled mine!
RT if you think should do a song with just saying btw pharrell our weddings Tom. Don't be late boo ;)
no where
Im glad you are feeling good enough to go out, sorry bout the bad service.
So many lost scoring opportunities...#Packers need to step it up! And, oh, yeah - SACK Favre!!!
Ok I know it's cooler to be a hater right now-but sometimes hits really close to home. A little too close often. Overall, I'm sold
Whoever dresses #Blaine () in #GLEE - I really want his wardrobe. I love all of his outfits/clothes. =0)
Good Morning, Sunshines!!!
There's a rat in here
So, I feel like I'm about eight years late to the web 2.0 party, and am only here because my friends drug me along, but hey. I'm here.
Where makeup fails, resort to pills.
Haha, thanks Pam! As you know, sushi is one of my favorite things. How is life in Wausau? Are you loving nursing?
if MM would've told the truth to people he spoke to things would've been handled differently & JS would've been locked up 8 years ago
did do the 3 things again
#StanleyCup #black&yellow
Museum Day: We are on a roll, getting a little hoarse from talking with folks! Why can't everyday be Museum Day?
#c2css12 Larry Carver's on the mic! Giving oral assessments on written assignments: clearly explaining the rubric for online students
Once AGAIN if your girl don't like a bitch don't fuck with that bitch, if your man don't like a niggah don't fuck with that niggah!!!
1st thought after waking up this AM: ugh, I'm officially 37. 2nd thought: I want bacon.
#thanks #shoutout right back
Why does doing what's right feel so wrong?
We're a new group and just starting to grow. Check us out on Mondays at 11:30 at Tacos and Taros.
Also looking for large men attending the concerts in So Cal to form a protective barrier around me so I dont get squished.
True but Lisa was already "punished" for temperament so they could have at least kept Aubrey on. She was among strongest players.
why where ya headed now? Are you done filming?
And from you dear Peter...how is your family?
I am like texting twitter from my phone im not on the internet so i cant message you..
We just had our first 3pm open. It's Happy Hour!
' I love wen my followers speak the truth about the situation.
Does andrew get my tweets still? :o
We got this week's issue out just in time.
Don't like Baseball? For some reason I thought you lived in the Midwest. Was I wrong... and is L.A. home now?
Let go of all your inner fears
The support that an energized group of women can give one another is truly amazing.
Not to forget the orangey orangutans...
so WHAT if i love old cars and love harry potter... 14 year oldgirls can likr old cars too ya know :(
nice to see you today!
hey how did you do in the pgh marathon
can I get a follow back? I voted all day practically
": Women love a man with confidence. Because without it, what's there to destroy..."
Who says one has to be in Austin to be #badgeless ? I can't count the numerous times I've been #badgeless ...
Loved you on the show! You funny as he'll!
hahaha!! Yup!! xD I think I'm the only one who does that! :D
Wear what makes you SHINE! Bring a sweater in case you get chilly inside!
It was absolutely amazing singing behind tonight. Seriously nailed it. CMU has a new obsession. #lastminute?
Anthony Hamilton's 'Do You Feel Me?' is my morning jam. One of my life jams, for that matter. Man can SING. Love you, AH.
Omg!!! He is going to get ALOT of calls now lol. Poor Rickys phone! Haha.
Yes school wanted to fight me on everything. I yelled I want to continue this iep with my Lawyer present.
AhChoon and one of the Americans tried to follow me, but I was one jumpahead of them
hello... TWITTER BUGS... what's Cooking?
morning guys!
i go to kinderg lunch daily. Taught kids 2 use forks/spoons. cleaner hands back 2 the classroom!:)
u at j.cole?
We have a #fantasyfootball Hall of Fame, featuring players that have made fantasy contributions, but not necessarily superstars in the NFL.
I really appreciate the difficult work that retailers have to do. I am only doing 2 days of festivals and it's crazy!
We have a whole block of the 8 O'Clock News dedicated to breast cancer awareness tonight!
In a juicy 5/10 game best action I've seen in days on a Monday afternoon!
girl look at that body, I workout
Being a bridesmaid is stressing me out. Not wearing a tutu in public, at bars in San Diego.
I woke up so great today :) im so thankful. God gives me so much light and im so glad I get another day with my family. I love him so much
Looked at your pics and thought you might be good at it so wondered if you get a lot of bookings all over the place x
yeah! :(( they have no idea what's wrong with it! The battery is fine but it won't start!
OMG your so lucky :D <3
I just had a conversation about JJ Reddick to someone who asked me why I like the Magic. And now he's trending. I have no point.
Interesting the lack of replays CBS is showing on the inside battles. Too many non-calls?
my favorite recipe in the ALDI Summer Seasonal catalog is the Vegetarian Ratatouille
I get bored of people to quick. I think I'm going to forever be alone.
Austin's favourite number is 74 , so mines too :>
I love the indescribable joy that comes from serving Christ #AllSmiles :)
Wondering what the Native Americans think of the "Occupy" movement.
anytime! Where are you located exactly?
All of our rewards are now en route! Our most heartfelt thanks to you who gave us the gift of life.
WWW.FREAKNICATL.COM
Pauly D's laugh >>>
mane tell that mane to ait his funky as down then lol
Boots to asses
Thanks for the RT, following you!
Did you know that 'swishing' is what they call swapping in the UK?! I'm learning so much from !
I will always love DREAMERS....
thanks for following. You won't be disappointed. Okay you might.
Hair Icon Vidal Sassoon Dead at 84-R.I.P.
It’s #FF Tweeps, and I’m more partial than usual to this one right here. Ya’ll should follow her:
Explain more!
have a safe trip hope to meet u soon :D
Ian Eagle calling the game
Relationships? Ehh, more like networking
What with all the scrolling, when will we start to say we notice patterns "down" a text rather than "across "a text?
As I sat in bed looking at the stars.. I suddenly thought to myself.. 'Where the f*ck is the ceiling?c:'
thanks for having us on!
Anybody else recently a target of aggressive phishing attacks, replete with phone calls and social engineering? Just happened to me.
>>> it's crazy... You gotta check it out!!!
Watching hoops.
Do you have passion?Passion allows you to keep going, no matter how long it takes or how many obstacles you encounter along the way.
I'm making a movie about my dog lol it will be awesome
Cliff illig told Brett and i were awesome sporting fans. I'd have to agree!
To all the people that called the police on me when I was just tryna make some money to feed my daughter
#Mavericks close the 2nd qtr on an 11-2 run to regain control. They lead the #Blazers 56-41 at halftime.
Not so sure about that. Snow trumps rain any day for me
the hardest part is not putting sugar (I use ) in it. I usually just put 1/4 -1/2 packet in.
Did you buy that and think it is useful? I have the HTC Incredible
Went to the kitchen to look fora few different food items to try ...
Pizza for breakfast.
what did everyone do in Des Moines this weekend? We had so much fun at #SummerJam2011 &
RT: +1 "If it ain't social, we ain't doing it." -Chris McCann, from
1996 i believe
RT : Stats update: 19,478 certified units. Climbing fast!
Sounds good for lunch at NMNH on Mon! Can we meet earlier, 11:45? Got a classmate coming to visit at 1 pm
I knew this would happen! As soon as I ordered a replacement cap for my water bottle, I finally found the old one.
So what do you say ? Are you coming tonight!? :)
Show with , ShowCage, and March 10! $7 all ages! (via )
get em outta here
Who wants a follow back #RT this
can't sleep. so, I am going to get some school work done. maybe free up my weekend so I can take the kids to do something.
Phil's Friends has an exciting project we are working on! More details to come soon!
At the wardroom with the XO and tweeps
Heck yea! Just when I was going to ask if there was going to be a TM soundtrack available? It was banging at the event in SF.
best price is at Amazon, or you can order from BN. ( anywhere really) I'm so glad u r interested!
#RG3 you got it!! #touchdown bears!!!
Love when I get things accomplished
eerie. Can't wait to see you!!
Little kids ?? Bitch I'm old enough to be your dad but I coulda if I had that 5 $ your mom was charging front of church
And I drank some coffee so you can when I crash I'm going to crash hard...smh. I HATE THIS CLASS!!!!
Queers better purchase some of my carbonated artery cloggers
I actually called u this today around noon...
Okay I'm back. I'll take a nap, Ash is still replacing me lol.
Great time with the Rochester Rock 'n Roll on Episode 316.
"The brand is defined by what people say about you." -Paul Holmes
Come to our Open House this coming Monday, June 27! Free massages, food, prizes, classes! Call 214-827-5239 to book a reservation!
Can barely move from yesterday.
I stole a test today so i know the answers
Sweet to have an arcade game booth at work!!
Thanks, Jerry! Indeed, he signed the JOBS Act on April 5. I need to study it more. I don't know all the details yet.
Epic! Still, Good to go to bed at night knowing you've always got a number one fan!
My father is a kind-hearted man
It was great seeing you again yesterday. Thanks for the opportunity to present to you & your colleagues at Good debate.
Made a pretty darned good egg white omelet today. on account of my
We're making up fun stories about both of you right now. Our conclusion: There's a buddy cop movie in your future.
A person can't break you, unless YOU allow them to bend you out of shape!
Just finish calling pasadena jail to complain about how they treated my celebrity client.
: just read abt your visit to Children's Hospital in Dublin. You are truly, truly the most remarkable man. luv
ugh this just wasn't your season rose...
think I'm gonna have to sign up if ur gonna leave me hangin like that~>
U & BAIN Buy Co's, Leverage Emp.Pensions, Borrow, Default, KEEP MILLION$ & leave Depleted Pensions & #Jobless behind
yah and a whole lot of cocaine
Wouldn't surprise me if John Groce is next Duquesne Head Coach. Very close with Greg Amodio, Duquesne AD.
RT: OfficiaIBAMF: At the bus stop.. = Me too
You could get away with charging $20.
IM BOUT TO START SUBTWEETING THIS BITCH SHE TALKING BULLSHIT EARLY IN THE MORNING ON MY TL
what concert? :/
Huh? He is speaker, no? RT : House Speaker Kurt Zellers says it's in poor taste to ask him if he'll vote for #Vikings stadium.
Small circle cause niggas a merk you
Holding on to our pain keeps us from experiencing joy because we are so busy trying to contain those painful feelings.
hella bored who wants to game?
Nigga ima thug, fuck the cops and a judge(:
Went to starbucks after #creativestrat. I never drink coffee
It's driving me nuts!
Good morning everyone. Hope all is well
what does that have to do with making statements about "propaganda?" is a fan site.
mom had a betty crocker mix at home :) not available in markets?
Bitch back the fuck up before I make you
I'm going shopping today because my therapist told me to. Who's proud of me and all the work I'm doing on myself?!?!
S/O 2 For Showing Me Love On The Bday. #IloveYou Neyba
Allied World Reinsurance Opens Miami Office; Appoints William Turkel Senior Vice President, General Manager, Latin ...
Lol watching cops white cop "10-31 big black guy came out looked at me ran back in I have house at gun point" dispatch "roger sendn 5 units"
Thanks! RT : The going number from is ~17k.
"the only worthy religion in the world is an examined religion."
#bachelor jake is the dumbest man in america. right, ?
You look like a man-o-lantern
I'm not sure if that's serious, but you might want to have it looked at. Last time Bootsy Collins was in my chest = big problems.
ooh that sounds like a very nice place. Hope so too!
student quote: "failure is when you fail to work as a team" #Learn2Fail at
lol so your by even off work and is passed out drunk
If Mad Men represents some kind of cultural truth about the isms mid20thC, I am exponentially impressed and inspired by Hansberry's success.
RT : If you like texting while you drive you might also enjoy brushing your teeth with a gun or wiping your ass with a chainsaw.
What's going on Party People? I'm sitting at the table while these kids eat dinner.
true that!
I'm ready to tear up these chicken nuggets!
Ongoing debate b/w #crowdsourcing & curation of content. How do we select stories or do surrender and let them select us ?
