MT : TAL's show was great. I take such inspiration from them, hope I can do something that good with games someday.
That's my competition? Are you fucking serious?
Which book is better Dick Morris' SCREWED or John Stossel's NO THEY CAN'T? Read Stossel book & loved it!
Hopefully the Braves aren't the NL team interested in Carlos Delgado...
Oh my gosh! According to a tweeter "Someone has been making nasty rumors about me"! Thank you so much! Good to know!
I got an interactive whiteboard (Starboard) & Elmo document camera in my k-8 library, now I need ideas on using it w/books.
thank you for the RT :)
no one used my own card haha
Asia<3 When u come to NYC? i love u <3
thank you James. All the best!
I like totally love Greyson Chance. :)
Join Google+ It's going to be awesome when people are actually on there and posting stuff!
Any time! See you Friday?
Congratulations and on your engagement!!
My view is that City should focus on core services: police, fire and trash pick-up. Everything else is on table.
Thanks Heather!
Not to your followers, darling. To your fella!
Caps and Bruins game 7 should be interesting
": Stir up waters to catch fish."
Facebook doesn't react to social norms...it attempts to change them. That's today's
no link but i can email you?!?
The Bachelorette is going to be a great season so far my favorite is Charlie ;)
IT'S THE ONLY THING I'LL EVER GET TO 1,000 IN. I'M ALLOWED TO CELEBRATE BITCHES.
I love crazy nights in the city but I hate the exhausted day that follows. Counting down till bed time!
Liz Lemon of 30 Rock sees herself as Beauty pageant winner/Jedi Master. Tiara, dress,bouquet and LIGHTSABER! I love that damn show
he deleted his account cause he said it kept messing up and crap and it was just getting annoying
Yum. I am sassified.
i like sleep.
#YouWontBeTakenSeriousIf you are being someone else. Express yourself. Not someone else.
Tony Dungy thinks Caldwell lacks emotion. New GM has to decide on SB now or rebuild. Don't see them being able to do both.
It was good. I got lots of work done and hung out for a bit with my Christian BFF Renae. still more work to do though lol
Old men talking about how amazing modern cell phones are? Boring as hell.
Girardi doesn't like Andy..maybe jealousy
I always take a long time man haha
Hope she'll share next time ;)
God thank you for the piece of mind you gave me today to deal with this stuff.
The start of something great! I have some ideas that I think you will enjoy, I'll send them over soon.
Pottery, glass artist offers classes at her home - The Newark Advocate
Grand opening of is one week from tonight--can't wait to try just about everything on the menu!
wristbands for sure. best chance it will find its way to the household. headband doesn't work if you're wearing a hat.
As long as there are tests and final exams, there will be prayer in schools.
Our patio is open!!! It's beautiful outside!!! And yes they're TVs outside to watch the #mariners!!
RT : Thank you for your easy group room reservations and peace & quiet!
congrats! Way to go man!
My tweets aren't sending wtffffff
Understood. Thanks for sending the email. I will take a look at it today and see what I can figure out.
i was laughing to hard when i saw that tweet. I was like did you really just ask where beaumont tx is at
I hate you mrs phanuef..
Was finally able to watch the series finale of Season 9 was beyond good. It makes me so sad it's over. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AA><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094>
Miss my best friend
Ugh! If he don't hurry up
oh, ok... that wasn't very clear from your original post RT at least San Diego's trash system isn't this bad.
Heard a kill verse from yesterday, crazy dope.
RT : Join us for Happy Hour Thursday & Friday 3-7pm in our lounge FREE BUFFET!!!!
it's reversed. did 20 last wkend, didnt know if I should do 23 this wkend then 2 week taper.Brain wants to be closer to 26.2 :)
:) RT“: show didn't just preach 2 the choir, it preached 2 my heart.love watching them every time… <3”
Cute girl gave me a dollar for my tea because the register couldn't use my card... Such a kind person!
Subjective hearing is always crystal clear.
#NICE #IAINTMADD - Good stuff - May be able to talk business with you as well
Leading up to ride day will be a Celebrity Poker Tournament and the Motorcycle Riders Foundation National Convention.
Where were these animals raised?! When you see a pregnant woman, elderly person or someone w/ a handicap: GIVE UP YOUR FUCKING SUBWAY SEAT!
In terms of fitness and battling through cancer, exercise helps you stay strong physically and mentally
get well!
found my keys! my roommate accidentally put them in her purse thinking they were hers. things are looking up!
Need to change my avi
hot summer days are almost done. wanna cum celebrate the heat by getting sultry and sexy with me? cum on over and work up a sweat with me!
I don't think you go to a play to forget, or to a movie to be distracted. I think life generally is a distraction and that going to a...
Finally someone says it! "There is no such thing as 'viral' in marketing. It's earned media" at
nice!! I'm gonna have to also get that :D I heard the iPhone 5 is really similar to the the iPhone 4 anyways!!
i wanted to keep him in my past but now he's my present and maybe even my future :D
How is the journey or the weigh of life. Get it?
That's why it's such a cliche. It was the worst part of Iron Man 2, when War Machine and Iron Man fought. You didn't care who won.
I quit for today. 401(k)/IRA paperwork is confusing and mentally exhausting.
Oww it's school.. Someone kill me!
Many have asked what my secret to success is - and I want to tell you. As soon as I can remember.
Marrying 5 boys is illegal. Choosing only one of them is practically impossible.
in total, popularity is like the stock market: past performance is no guarantee of future success. NFL MUST get ahead of this
We just passed a Christmas tree farm. I legit freaked out.
Sorry. I couldn't resist. ;)
The death to prayer is Hurry
Fellow me on Facebook/Innerstateike lol
I know so...do you have a shrine to him in your room? I don't think so lol
awesome - would love to meet you.
Hell yea - so much fun...cantcwaitvtill next time
touch your toes!
I sleep all day. I'm surprised still loves me and puts up with it. <3
#IfIwasPresident I would welcome Mexicans and other Hispanics into America with open arms
You have Roast here in Detroit. There is room here in the Lions' bandwagon for you!
great seeing you as well! Sorry I had to split. Family popped into town for the holiday.
God I miss Aaliyah...
what's up? tonight at midnight...madness...who's going to see the Avengers movie? i'll be at Rave Theater =)
runyon followed by korean bbq.
250 miles and one raccoon later, #trivia43 time.
I wish I was there. On the worst date of my life. And it hasn't even started yet.
great seeing u back in stride again!
Sharing is caring.
RT : Do you work in Downtown Seattle and want a cup of coffee from but don't want to get maced? it!
Skip Bayless loves the Weeden pick for the Browns? We're screwed.
yeah bro I just got my internet back last night. It's the shit.
Thank you to The Johnstone Fund for New Music for sponsoring tonights performance of "Blue Cathedral"
I didn't know about the new sides!
Grogan "entering hs students in Boston have a 7% chance of getting a postsecondary cred in 7 years after hs grad". Yikes.
I just want to let everyone know that looks flawless in that shirt. Just saying. <3333
#Imagine j: guess what superhero I am!!!! U:Batman...Superman...Spiderman! J:you give up? U: yep j:YOURman ;) he said and picks you up.
Birdies Eagles & Babes! Register for Dawn Rochelle Models Golf Tournament. Models + golf= joy.
Layla el is my favorite diva. Hogan I can not stand ( but I will never forget him) you are right about Brock. But I do not like
hey man I thought I was the only one who thinks Selig is a 'bot. Enjoyed you at the Friendship TOY gala on Sat.
#Bong advertisment: "the only thing wasted is you".
after seeing that dip in the promo thinking you are the #darkhorse!
Not sure why your website won't load...in any browser. Been happening for a week now. Can't check in.
wait what?
haha. yes, i grew up in a spanish speaking home, but i did not take spanish in college. does that rule me out?
you know I'm bout that life...Mason Rd. In this hoe
Tyson Jackson? A sack? Honestly, who knew Tyson Jackson was still a Chief?
Spending time w/ my beloved Mother, grandmothers and great grandmothers!!
Sitting outside at the #luxor finally enjoying some nice weather. Not ready to go home at all.
EVERYONE CHECK OUT THE NEW "WHAT HAPPENED LAST NIGHT" PAGE I DESIGNED ON
hm I would hope so. And extra hours on weekends
You think he has the power to play at 1st?
#NowPlaying Stevie Wonder "Ribbon in the Sky"
Pitino canceling his contract with Rallys because of
Leaving my bike totally unlocked while grocery shopping in Petworth is a sign of TGIF, right? Right?
Need to get a grip on what i want and where i want to be!!! Gotta figure out my life!!
It seems rare for people to be extremely good at figuring out both.
If you like sushi In The Raw was a blast of fresh fusion
JUST REALIZED MINE AND 'S BIRTHDAYS ARE IN THE SAME MONTH MINE IS AUGUST 16TH
lol (: im making music
new EP? photoshoot? music video? tour? tell us!!!
Packer Thompson reportedly considering trading citing "I just can't stand that he has better hair than I do"
Earth Day is a great time to reflect on our efforts to keep our planet Green! What are you doing to be #Green?
Otis said he'll buy me another car!
Thank you SO much to everyone that helped out our final student film, THE PICKLE. Stay tuned here for our updates on production!
ohk bro so u can hit me on instagram but u dont respond to my text fool! How bout twitter... Lmaoo
Just found out that u are awesomee!
Q; can i have your number ? A; Umm.. Na You Not My Type -__-
It's all in my stance, my persona, the sparkle in my eye, and the smile on my face that drives him wild
The challenges of the job market, and the amateurish behavior of faculty conducting searches always bears repeating.
Aww, I like her!
I am officially a Gleek. I credit you!
TODAY IS THE LAST DAY TO SUBMIT YOUR FILM TO THE FILM FESTIVAL OF COLORADO!!
I wish I knew. You blink and 5 years or more go by...
For those of you in NYC and along the east coast - stay safe, dry, and in good walking shoes :)
Rugged Maniac today...w/ the high temp @ 60. The mud & water we get to play in is going to be chilly. Awesome! Armor Up!
Ghost hunting tonight!
Webbies how do you talk each day with FRIENDS&FAMILY? What technology do you use to read, write&communicate? See the Tech poll in your email
Thank u for the beautiful sunlight. May I sleep good and pray I wake at the dawning of evening. Ready for a hard days night. Good rest first
Targeted Detroit Business Outreach today at Northwest Activity Center was GREAT! Keep up the great work Mayor Bing! You have a gr8 team!
Sitting at Einsteins enjoying my coffee, and watching two woman secretly sizing each up, I waiting for them to draw on each other
sorry for the unfollow. :) I have automated follow to make sure but it takes away the ones who do not follow also automatic.
T-minus 36 hours and counting - straight no chaser...
Going to live and breathe #socialmedia in the near future. Needless to say, I'm a tad excited. 17 days til graduation!
Got a pork belly in the slow cooker. Never cooked one before. We'll see how it turns out. Smells good...
Currently waiting to get out this house!!! Ugh can't wait!!!!
Sorry ppl. Sometimes the show The View, rubs me the wrong way.
Every fucking fast food restaurant has problems. You always end up driving all over...
Life is simple, it's just not easy. ~ Author Unknown
Wow can this day get any worse.
I just have to say, for the record, I am an EXCELLENT SISTER.
Thank you so much! xo time for another read Cher tweets segment tomorrow!
That was like a 12-tweet rampage... It was hilarious, but yet, kinda concerning.
you should go to sleep <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) What kind of donuts do the Boyz like? :DD 51
if you need any, just let me know where to send them (2/2)
Peeved at these library ebook items I cannot dl wirelessly to my iPad kindle app. Was told by Amazon that it requires a kindle with USB
should do a show at UConn!!
I really hate when u tweet me back but won't text me back
omg happy birthday n that would be cool. im going to his concert too :)
NICKI MINAJ Hosting Club LIV tonight!
RT : Come on baseball season! You can't get here fast enough! // Ditto that!!
Finally! Good grief took the viewers long enough... She should have gone home over Jaleel
I have been immersed in new heat seekers are all amazing
I mean in my head probably a foot and a half... real life, about 3 inches. Still big!
Off work!! Full week of buying and playing with new toys!!!!!!
This is a HUGE topic - and really important. Some special issues for #gifted young people AWA what everyone must face
#dwts always make me wanna go sign up for a local ballroom dancing class, lol.
haha yeah I'm definitely going to start reading more of these learning logs the HS students write lol they're hilarious
"Excuse me?" You stole Vickie's line, you hypocritical tapeworm.
A chilly 20 degrees colder out there today #pdx my spring fever is gone far far away
It has been! Just with there was more time!
Missing my bby .
One would assume that if the Dolphins believe they won't get Manning they've made some behind the scenes (wink) contact with Matt Flynn.
congrats on the Project Coordinator position w/ Oregon 150 jobby! Please o please come visit for lunch soon.
#nw : Laugh At My Pain
Today was one of the best days of the year. So much of it was filled with laughter and joy, not to mention friends.
bro RNG killed it tonight proud of em
Wow that was a huge play to end the half.
it also kicks tarts your labor if you have enough in one sitting. LOL
Did a double take on your tweet...Trampolines as an exercise class? This sounds amazing.
I think I got really sick before work today and now I'm convinced I have meningococcal.
We have won r last 2 games and in both have held our oppt's 14 min straight w/o a FG and last night went 10 min and only gave up 1 FG
GO FOLLOW ! and thank you for the compliment ;)
lol I'll do my best!
try to get that to me ASAP!!! Or !
how r u
Last day of tryouts Didnt come this far to turn around
I hate riding the bus to school.
Today was just another small, yet significant step in my radio career... I was named interim Program Director at #Hungry &
#Contagion with #MattDamon was amazing! Now I'm paranoid and investing in Purel!
just updated my iPhone app, now all I'm getting is "network error." any advice??
#TeamUnited Go! Go! Go! Go!
can we?
You want respect, you really do? Follow me and you will have all the respect you can get from me.
right? some people just don't like texting back either. Whatevvvvvs. Lol
All those who believe in telekinesis, raise my hand.
I had a splendid birthday today;)
Getting psyched for conference championships tomorrow!!
: I hope they need a Las Vegas based collections manager ;)
No way! That makes it even better!
Too funny. But you just called out a weakness of the conf. Too much of an echo chamber. Real breakthroughs need diverse input.
Yeah! lil King Kong
#hautespot Can't wait to see ! I love her! in line! so close
Don't let the rain put a damper on your day! RT Rain rain go away come again another day
it's not safe anymore!
Anyone know where I can get my iPhone screen fixed that's cheap? Dang gravity.
holey moley. i have a rattail.
Thank god it's almost Friday
Placing an order to get through the day. Waiting for you !!
you just needed to see my moms eyes light up when she watched icarly after a stressful dayy(: that's nettiee
Make it a Bud Light draft and $1 goes towards Tornado relief.
Excited for all the great books we'll be featuring in the coming weeks/months including titles by , and !
There is only one success – to be able to spend your life in your own way. – Christopher Morley
definitely want to go see
How would you like to make some $$ by telling us your experience and opinions of American Air? Ping back for more info! :-)
Yeah... good call on GS today! Wish I would have taken a shot... PS. did you hit your 4000% mark last friday? Sick day
Just a boy and a girl gonna take on the world, and we wanna get caught ;)
omg yes I should o.o I'll have a parade with them. I'm off to find baby peeta!
I am easily the most humble person I know.
Hey guys. It's Stephanie here. Wassup. <U+270C>
you got jokes!
If I said I've got moves like Jagger, would you hold it against me?
PLEASE FOLLOW ME!!!!!(:
A Severed Head by Iris Murdoch
its the BOMB! Make sure there is some left for Wednesday :)
if youve got a fucking problem with me .. why dont you address it to my face instead of calling me a bitch OVER TWITTER .
San Francisco in 2 days!!!
being at LSU makes me realize just how much I love Belhaven :))
big screen iPhone without a phone for $500? Meh, I was prepared to spend $1000 on An Air-like tablet, not just a Kindle-killer.
you mean We Go?
aw thank you <U+2665>
Yo this,mixtape is not a track to track mixtape its a mixed down one long track full of the best of kdub!! Been gettin alot of love on it!!
Also, use , if you don't already. It's great if you're ever stuck on an intro science concept.
I agree! Babies are totally new to me.
Dang by time u do dat its gon all b gone :(
Haha i model and go to cosmetology school as well xD Hbu? (:
The show tonight is going to be awsome bring your family ..The Baptis Conference Center Starts at 7 pm ..tickets only 5 bucks to see 5 m ...
Bacon. Maybe a bacon cheeseburger. Oh... I thought you asked what *would* you eat!
Pariah gets Cassavetes. I get another brownie.
What's everyone playing this weekend?
My mood is too dependant on whether or not I get a sale. God is good and my Provider whether I sell something today or not. #phil4:6-8
"Where the Spirit of the Lord is, there is liberty."~2 Corinthians 3:17
new video either today, Or tomorrow (:
Me 2! RT : That is a great picture! #140MTL Denise wish you were here!
Clickbank Affiliate Tips - We will make money online with ClickBank
I guarantee you they'll give the first DLC away free. They're not THAT stupid. They're not exactly earning great PR
Got the first softball game in for the year... like 15-0!
Doom on this wind
Can't say that we are surprised about #VJ leaving. The angry villagers will REALLY be keeping a watchful eye on the #Chargers brass now.
Doing the 30 hour famine next week!! April 27-28 :)
be jealous
Excited for tomorrow! Get to start our first preliminary beta tests on the site. May the #Spooning commence!
We have a killer set planned for tonight y'all! Git the whiskey out, cuz were gonna drink til were IRISH tonight!!
Newsroom argument between Veda and Diane on the merits of flowers as a Mother's Day gift. "They just gonna die!" "Everybody likes flowers."
aww why are wrong man i liked what you were saying
so excited to be working with you!
Awesome evening with my parents and sister eating and walking around Boston's North End.
sign me up!!
By all means put on #thebelt!
Good Night #Twitter of,
You got it, will do!
And takes the prize. Well done
how are you?
Booked another small profit playing cash. I'm going to try to win this tournament before I go check out the night life.
haha... I dont know if I'm gonna do it. Like just still, who would take it and how do I ask him? :p
Good night twitter tweeps! Opening my store again tomorrow.working until noon, then downtown for
Heyy chick!! I found you before you found me! and tell Jess to make one!!!!
#LTBroadcasts "Over in France the Chamber of Deputies is having a red hot debate about the fate of the Minister of Foreign Affairs"(5/7/31)
feeling better. Had a great first Xmas with the kid. Hope you and yours are equally well.
indeed it does! also, I honestly feel called to be in the business side of the music industry. SO many good hearts&lost souls
RT : RT : Is NYPL being transformed from a great research library to a "book delivery service"?...
Alive And Grinding...
Carlisle: Seeing Kidd out there was a sight for sore eyes, but great...
I am producing a play named "Beirut". This is now the twitter page for the production. Welcome, welcome, welcome!!! STay tuned for more!
No problem! :)
thanks Danny! That's the way to finished game 1. Set an NBA history. :)
5-830 tonight mention this tweet and get HALF off your drink;)
5th floor Marriott salon A , leg & B&F open house
but are they broken up? They still seem to be together?? Or is this song also about stalking?!
thx for the heads up about Code4Lib Midwest group. I signed up. :)
Up in bemidji trying to figure out a way I can get out of going to this wedding 2nite to see rob schneider perform in the nearby casino...
Trillions music video has commenced shooting. And a slight return to directing
We will be reviewing submissions on a case by case basis through mid-March, send them in!!
whats good wit the good
trying not to cry since my husband is stuck in Spokane
- How much $$ each yr does a VA employee receive for training? Interested in OI&T specifically, if it differs by org
no problem girl
Thanks a bunch!
Me and Melissa are tweeting at the same time because we are sexy~ -Katy
Happy Birthday!
Nothing worse than a nosey ass guy...
i got it thx u
ill keep you warm ;)
Congrats! #diversity #tv #film RT : Panel is wrapped! Kudos for spectacular discussion
wrapping up a little project. I'll hitcha up shortly, gangsta!
I'm really feeling this Steampunk thing!!
you're sexy. just saying.
Brendan Crawford made it.
Need a last minute Christmas gift? Buy a membership to a local museum or two!
There is nothing more disappointing than seeing food in the refrigerator and not being able to eat it.
yo! I'm so in the mood to 6afeh ppl lol wanna get on Z today? Lol
And on later. Perfect! Conveniently enough, it's past all the Ban fans' bed times. Guess they won't have to dramatically suffer after all.
I've just got home and OhMyGod it was horrible walking in the rain and wind :(
Walker's opponent, Milw. Mayor Tom Barrett has done nothing to improve the lives of the people he represents. Defeating Walker? 150 to 1.
Free tickets for UW Women's basketball game on Sunday at 2PM. Who wants them? #free #basketball #madison #uw #badgers Please RT.
Too bad Mark. Looks like I'll have to keep road tripping to Wisc. Are you a seller or manufacturer. Where are you located?
I'm just now schooling myself on the semantics
May La Forge be with you!
Chilling at Zona nightclub with waiting for the squad to hop on stage and do they thang NVME
Lmfao , As Soon As You Come Back You Getting Suspended Again .
I have the biggest head ache right now
On my To View List: Dark Shadows and Sound of My Voice.
What to have for dinner tonight?
Bby, get out of the ghetto and over to my house so we can watch Toy Story together. I'm all lonely.
Early Morning Writing Session. After That Imma Get Some School Work Done
Good luck to all the FAs. This is your time. Make an impact!
My #mcdonalds coffee tastes like pipe smoke.
What made Peyton a successful QB? A good tight end a la Dallas Clark & Marcus Pollard.Good pick by Indy in the 2nd round for Luck.
... My boy Adam $_$ .. Gonna tweet your ass every fucking day.
Is thankful that I have my favorite episodes of #BattlestarGalactica on my phone for quiet workdays Watching SCAR right now Gods I miss
#Rampage strings together back-to-back goals for the first time since 1st qtr, pull within 16-10.
on mi mind #teambreezy at all times
I'm off today, so lots of free time.
I think you're right. last I looked the mass of bees wasnt there. whew.
Shuga on both lips before work :) <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
lol, not yet, but with Republicans writing crazy laws everywhere, you never know! :)
Some1 who really luvs u sees wat a mess u can b, how moody u can get, how hard u r 2 handle, but still wants u in they life.
Rap is a random one night stand..hip hop is looking into the eyes of your lover while making love..such a difference
We're put into these situations so that we can grow. Don't worry. We'll be alright. Carry the fire
Stressed out and Im out of school!
Oh! What did you think?
I really like both of them!(: <3 #LoveYou!
More live music... Snow Patrol at The Paramount.
nope, one more year at UWW. Basically reconsidering the mission statement and where our bottlenecks are.
I find it funny how the colors red, white and blue stand for freedom until they are flashing behind you.
Pasty white skin u used to be coal.
So its defense or bust this draft
No one knows better than you! You've got our windows! Thanks so much for the tweet. You rock, sister.
Start each day expecting a pleasant surprise and you will always get it.
Turn the music of life on and get up and dance to a new rythmn, stop just sitting around, bopping your head watching others dance.Get hyphy!
Don't get caught in a toot cloud. You know what we're talking about Be prepared.
can i get a #RossMorganRager shirt ?
What is life for a niggah like me.?
RT:“ Chase your dreams, make memories while on the way...”
I think you're the only one who is sorry for that one. The guys I know just don't fucking care
you can hold off for 24 more hrs. I'm bout to fill up my kiddie pool and get busy tho.
Love's Wordpress!
Lol, you are cute my crazy friend haha!
Pretty sure I've cried during every episode of Private Practice this season. I bow to the powers and genius of and cast.
Oh god no! We at least mingle with the little people! “: Are you the Annoyed Librarian in disguise?
please check your DM for the email address
My goal by december is to have around $5000 in la savings and around $5000 in my betting account betting $500/game, 1 game a day.
Free Allergy Wristband Giveaway. Like out FB post to enter. Winner will be announced in May, Allergy Awareness Month.
In HS drank 6 cherry cokes from Steak N Shake then my BFF made me laugh so hard I peed my pants in the driveway on a double date.
And the Red Cross has started stalking me again.
EVERYONE PAY ATTENTION!!!!!! follow this awesome DIRECTIONER she's AMAZAYN :D
RT Der Spiegel joins calls for #Greek #exit from #euro. The genie is out of the bottle. #emergencyexit?
congrats Tony! this is awesome!
I already hear it now bruhh can't waitt
there is a point when u beat a dead horse - and when they put me there - they expect a pheonix - but what they get is a buried horse
I'm still really sore and I have 24 hours of amusement park tomorrow
I like cats because I am just like them : tiny, sneaky, annoying, and sleeping 23 hours a day.
Ish way too long & more prepared than a crappy sandwich at 7-11. Brutal...bottom of leaderboard
Who's here at #SxSW !?
What did those who watched #Tiger think of his media sesion@ #Masters? www.ussportspages.com
nice try
We're thrilled. Thanks for the mention and keep an eye on some great things coming up.
Just saw a lightrail train drill the front end of an MTA truck parked on the tracks. That was a lil scary, everyone seems alright though
Brain Floss: According to the ADA, 42% of daily smokers age 65+ were completely toothless, compared with 20% of non smokers.
I'm calm now.. Haha but that wasn't funny!! If I see you in the hall today your In for it!!
You said tomorrow yesterday...
well there's one positive thing from that, no school tomorrow
Congrats to and the new officers of the 2011-2012 Executive Board!
Wow. What a series! Tough way to go out, but the #Blackhawks fought all the way until the end.
GOOD LUCK with your FIDM interview! You'll do amazing! We'll have lots of celebrating to do in the bahamas!!
trying hard not to covet a snickers bar. Stay healthy. STAY HEALTHY.
there's a few parties happening.
happy b day
Indeed, I'm 30.
I just let my Mind wander, but it didn't come back yet.
I don't know if anyone else is feeling Shonda Rhimes' 'Scandal' like me but that women better write! Love this show!
#TeamXtina killed it!
I figure she'll be a badass by default with a name like Ludmilla, right?!
Wednesday's show may be postponed, but THURSDAY's SHOW IS STILL ON! Join us 11/10 @ iLounge for Karaoke and Spoken Word! 7p-10p
Congrats to www.dodgingdiabetes.org for winning a Silver 2010 Communicator Award! Kudos !
Let's go Bucky!
joins me right now talking Rod Smith joining the #Broncos Ring of Fame.
Just watched #TheIronLady-#MerylStreep did a brilliant job,a great actress.
I aint been on a plane in a minute ..
Without a trace is an awesome show!
All new men's shoe just arrived! We'll have it up really soon :-)
and thank you!
Handful of Occupy protesters now marching to city/county building, handful staying back at camp to work
Khan Academy started for kids but needed for returning adult students!
RT : Congratulations to (and all of us in his district) on this most-recent failure of
him at this point in time to people just getting to know him.
neither will I!
sweet. I'll actually be in on Thurs. has a show @ McGann's Fri. Plans?
kinda crossfaded. Haven't done that in a long time. Lol I was just drinking wine tho, it was my sisters 21st bday lol I was buzzn
#ccid2012 this Sheraton has free #starbucks. Aren't you jealous ?
this extreme coupon show is nuts!
LOL: what up out the window?!!! Just saw that. LOVE YOU!
just signed up for a complimentary 3-day pass. I miss the Boston club so much... this may be dangerous.
Its gonna be a long night!
Who invented text messaging? Good invention but that's all ppl wanna do now days,jus call me wtf ..
so how is ur summer so far. i hope it's been lovely. mine will be much better when i have off from classes for a month!
Fave from poem by Queen of Hungary ~ The Lord does daily anew imbue me
So I see the bitching about signing recalls has hit a new low in outing sports reporters. I wish I was surprised.
do it and let me know when ya do! :)
oh fun! Lol
when are you going out again ?
thanks baby!:D
RT : In Leimert Park for the Found LA orientation meeting
come play some ball up here in the hoosier state
Goal USA!!
I hate girls who talk shit after you already fucked them 5 billion times.
I will send him by faulty jetpack
In the studio JVMTxGOODLIFE
I am defiantly making another Twitter Account Tomorrow.
Omg please pray for my wife had to rush her to the hospital <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
Wayne from Baltimore - With the loss of Chauncey Billups for the season are there any veteran PG's that the LAC can get in a deal
RT : #Austin look at the baby look at the baby.know someone with a newborn? Refer that person to me get 20% off your session
An acre of performance is worth a whole world of promise ~ Red Auerbach
I am a chef in Baltimore a strong focus on local/sustainable sourcing, especially for seafood
WOW! Pray for Junior Seau family... Hard to see his mom cry... :'(
Thank you to the LiveOpenly Community - Keep and eye out for your next great Opportunity - Courtesy of LiveOpenly.com
How weird does it feel to be back at ? Very very very.
RT : Have Fun tonight but Don't Drive Drunk! Remember Designated Drivers save lives. Here's to a Happy New Year!
The best changes often start single, simple thoughts. Think big, & discover how to make your dreams real.
Can't wait for Sunday's season finale of TRUE BLOOD. Packer game? What Packer game?
Dreading my drive to the gas pump :/ what is it like $4.39 for unleaded nowadays in LA?
Plenitude. Pedestrian intensity. What to do about the :: kinetic energy of indifference? (Which is, we say, about the eye.)
Back at it!!!! One long day of showings and listings
Sluggard is a great word.
You can only imagine what people are saying when talkin & driving on the phone. "WHOAH! Hey I almost hit that guy!"
“: Flight attendant grabbing hung up coats "Is that jacket Margiela?" #ThroneFlight #BestFlightBacktoLAEver”
On average 40% of all people who come to a party snoop in your medicine cabinet
haha I haven't played it that much to find out mine :/ I better be one of the two at Least.
My Name is Khan
for being so attractive. Kidding....not really.
You're killing my poor friend in the Webby voting. He's not famous like you, so that's not very fair, John.
Take a look at the viedo on Youtube.com look at your head-Les deal.com and let me know what you think.
I fake the dates on my paper, so it doesn't look like I did it last minute
My Knicks pissed me off yesterday, but thanks to Marylands own Durant OKC. I slept well.
Peanut Butter Jelly Time In Iraq: via
Failure teaches success.
I don't have cable! :(
im headed to nyc this weekend. Which is a shame as I'll miss the next bit where the apes with sticks bully everyone else.
Trade secrets are a growing area in Idea Protection
ill be there a little after 7. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Possibly all one could do is dream to end up with the correct regrets.
well that explains the emptiness in my world! I'll get on it right away. Hope you're well!
Spinning 's EP right now. If you haven't heard it yet, pick it up on iTunes or buy it this Friday at #kylestock!
Downtown Indy is so sick
get the water bottle out the refrigerator.
Rooting for Greg Clayman.....Welcome home Kara....on my way to Mexico City
Home listening to music by my self and taking shots cheers to this whack saturday
I look like #jakeryan today.
the best thing about the Instagram/Facebook news is all the wacky apples to brussels sprouts comparisons being made here about value.
Holy Geez! Nevermind - First shoot of the week is being rescheduled... I MAY have a new son arriving today =)
Thanks for following!
Interviewing about his new book WIN FOREVER for our podcast today. Got questions? Send them my way!
Oddly, the stoplights were still on in Lemon Grove/La Mesa as I drove home.
I'm in love with , having just discovered her. Have you read her blog? LOVE
one of my favorite songs in life!
progress report: i've successfully held it down on the couch all day today.
Yep, only way to go “: I am the presentation. My slides are just my visual jokes. #shehechat”
I love you to! <U+2665> And your life stories!
Goodnight ,until the sun lights ancient fires in sky's that have seen great change and centuries of beauty dream hearty and awaken new:))z
Inspired by DOL's fabulous twitter chat on Equal Pay last week, I've returned.
*sigh* “: Don't allow your wounds to transform you into someone you are not”
I went to elementary school there!
Hope you feel better
Visting my old city, Oregon City!
... But they are lathering themselves with sugar for the maggots. They have the nerve to ask for a discount with one breath...
The Independent site asks, "Would you like to purchase tickets without a service charge?" Why yes. Cheapest Feb 27 tix @ their box office.
make this putt baby
These car dealership so. Jank... Raised dey prices cuz its tax time n financial aid time
PLEASE FOLLOW ME
Neither have I!
we need to think about a holiday show..... u in?
Let's hope I sound youthful and professional in my vo audition :)
You can’t survive if you can’t persuade someone to engage with you. What behaviors are you trying to elicit?
I love you <U+2665>12
you forgot to mention "in 3-D"
“: we found your one Iowa voter, he's in Linn precinct 5 you might want to call him and say thanks.” - wowzers
#howrace early prediction team five wins
Just biked 7.4 miles -- feels good.
Answer: Because I am a professional.
need someone to talk to but everyone is sleep -__-
Girl, told me I wasn't funny so I started Flipping Tables!!
ya i hardly knew him and i miss him.
Happy New Year. 2012 is gonna ROCK! Swear.
I need a vacay. Few more weeks til Cali.
She went to the front door of the first house and asked the owner if he had any jobs for her to do.
PORTLAND ZINE FEST tomorrow at The Refuge, 116 SE Yamhill. See ya there.
i'm super excited to go to chicago to see the Boyz too <3
Some of my friends need to be a little nicer to people.
Suitable addition to the Serra list of verb list compilation? "to put your beer on"
Congrats , you were picked for Review of the Day by Carey M: "BRGR is a great place to get drinks and comfort food with friends..."
I CAN'T TAKE IT CUZ I'M LONLEHHH!
Every Smith Ever
yw and thank you too
While sales pitches through a general inquiry form rarely work, I have a soft spot for them recalling the days when I thought they might.
Must edit. Must edit. Must edit. Must edit. Must edit.
The sooner you fall behind the more time you’ll have to catch up.
So tired. Not even midnight. Had a hr and a half nap. Whas wrong with meh?
...tho the Paula Deen "Hey y'all" drawl is non-existent in NOLA. Folks sound like they're from NJ/NY
Making up a lab today...
Hawaii on Friday
Helping kick off 2nd annual US Hwa Rang Do Kumdo tournament in Alexandria. Last year's tourney was in my district at Kilmer MS.
I was generally underwhelmed and didn't like all of the new parts, but I found it interesting in an academic way.
I wish they would realize it's not a bad thing. I'm having a great time.
ignore the reviews! our prices are just as low as they ever were! Come see us open till 9!!! :D
YOU'RE 15 MINUTES AWAY FROM THE END OF THE SEASON AND YOU'RE STANDING AROUND TALKING IN THE MIDDLE OF THE ROAD
How many more until we do something? RT : City Police are investigating the fourth shooting of the night. Stay with FOX45
wide awake. try to coax sleep, or give in, get up, and work?
Yes! So delicious. RT : Have you tried the new crab cakes yet?? Another spring menu fave!
The highest reward for a person's toil is not what they get for it, but what they become by it. -John Ruskin
have a good publicist and marketing team and IA you will see a big difference.
I just posted about exhaustion if you are interested =)
OKAY OKAY!
He's only 2 years older than me, that's why
yo whats goodie? my phone broke down and I lost all my numbers..just found you on this though..
RT : #atlwomen Provide free services as a way to build credibility.
#ilovesoc300 I played w/the Prof I'm-madly-in-love-with's dog while my bball bf yelled at a guy for sitting next to me:D
I hear Chicago's looking for QB these days... RT : Filed to ESPN: Denver Broncos waived quarterback Kyle Orton today.
#Miami what's good.
Follow Me back??
Epic fail.
You're missing an "and" before "David Beckham," right? RT: David Beckham is very attractive. That's all I have to say.
got the boys rapping on my phone.(:
I just read the synopsis of the Descendants. Whoa but it looks like a miserable downer of a movie.
Then I watched the game vs Espanyol again. It was as if trophies were no longer motivating. Love 4 Pep was.
It's a lot of hair coloring going on at the today!
I hope so <3
2 hours left of work...
Dope!!! Super exciting RT “: Are you #ready??? For the online store!! ”
We have House of Blues tickets available at a discount for our show on June 8th! Just let any member of the band know or reply here.
holiday party last night was pure awesomesauce. i have 2 questions though: was i hit by a bus last night and where did my voice go?
How is everyone doin?? Still waiting for that call from let's go!
Partying tomorrow with my crew(;
So, take your best shot #BYU fans....what will be the score this weekend vs. Air Force?
#sowhatyouresayingis you have really lewd dreams
Thank you. RT : Good luck with the retooled resume...you write with intelligence and grace.
cuba y tu
#ThingsIDislike people who talk in the movie theater
by all means. U r up early huh?
bang bang bang!
thanks for the follow! Look forward to your tweets!
So much for an Osama/Dubyuh reunion tour...
dear wp plugin devs who use echo and document.write for scripts and styles - you suck and i hate you. get it right.
Lots to do!! Never taking another Sunday off!!!
The bus just crashed
you would either become like superwoman and bench 300 or your heart would rip itself out of your chest and run away.
It's hump day already? Come in and get grilled-- have our Grilled Chicken Salad Sandwich! Served w/ swiss, cheddar and a confession!
thank you - you responding like that was actually pretty great! :-)
Can we truly live in the "Now"? Not in the past and not in a future that isn't here yet, but "Now"?
Expecting the 'Wake Up & Live' tee on the 11th!! :)
haha! I believe you : )
vampire diaries is amazing
Isn't great? Such an inspiration to our district!
not to that song though !
mucinex its 12 hour got to the drug store
Please never-ever show me another picture of Steve McQueen.
made my day. I knew it was gonna be a good day.
Hm okay. I trust you. You get a reprieve this time. :) So lucky I'm still half-asleep.
Attending an MSCHE workshop for team evaluators at the DC Marriott Wardman.
I'm always late -___________-
RT : NAHJ is selling tamarindo apples in Leech Grove until 4pm! Support our chapter, please :)
no school ALL week ( :
yea we get plenty of that in Florida smh
At Yu Me Ya Sake House. Amazing!
Pics or it didn't happen.
Vanessa Hudgens: Shirt-Dress Shopper
Twelve bridges middle school has never had a game like this! #Kingsized with the
#GOP says, "Im a good guy": Please, ,explain 2 Americans HOW MANY JOBS ur ldrshp of BAIN CAPITAL gave Americans!
phew, just solved a nasty issue with responsive images not resizing in Views Slideshow.
Oh yeah that's for a fundraiser for quiz team!!
nope working at five. I can call you nowish if you're not busy.
strikes again! I plan on owning (or pwning) a chunk of the digital Milwaukee space. ;)
All the things I know right now°. If I only knew back then°There's no gettin' over°.No gettin over'° There's just no getting over you.
Unfortunately, for most, I fear political thinking is the end of critical thinking.
I don't but you can advertise them for sale on the FB page if you would like. Just make sure the picture is clear. :)
SMH dang do I miss that place! RT : With saying goodbye to a Chi classic #Portillos :(
#TheBatman is in the house!
im jealous :)
sucks bc her and Colin mesh well together
Got reprimanded at starbucks for trying to take pic of menu because they list calories of items ON MENU. Makes u rethink the tall.
Shouting out for my favorite JAY Z song,
local procurement in post conflict/crisis economies can double the impact of the int'l community - Jennifer Holt @
Cheap Folding Tables ***Reviews & Shop: TABLE,FLDG ...
your Twitter picture is awesome
no clue yet. Maybe smoke a little and bum it out.
Drove 500 miles today. Finally back in beautiful, balmy Ventura.
Heck yeah, MLS is on the front lines! I think this trade sounds fair ;-) Perhaps an exchange program NYC <--> Zurich?
I thought so. Coming from Hawaii. THX.
Yes, you did (:
Example of me not being a morning person: show up at the WRONG restaurant to meet for coffee 2day. It's gonna be that kinda day ;)
I've been working and helping a friend move. Not much time on here. How's the hand??
Only in Charlottesville- Guy in front of me at the store this morning bought one orange and paid for it with a credit card.
Perfect symmetry Beautiful!
I'm an academic in-the-making who hopes to define how to use #socialmedia as a scholar.
Hopefully Taylor Farr won!
Make me a sandwich.
Whatever we deny or embrace, for worse or for better. We belong, we belong, we belong together.
The day you're able to say you got yourself to the place you're at, then I'll maybe listen.
pussy problems
Enthusiasm is the match that lights the candle of achievement. - William Arthur Boyd
please please follow me! i love you so so so much!:D<U+2665> i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 24
Farce of July at Self Help today!! #self help graphics
“: Emily Peters has harry legs.”
Report: U.S. could lose LTE subscriber lead as early as 2013 The United States is currently the dominant market for LTE devices and servi
Listening to preach the second week of #seriesX. Today, we learn Christ: First, Last, Forever.
RT : looks like you can't solve that murder after all.
Dear people who keep sendin me stuff to like a video on YouTube, I don't care, so stop sending me stuff. <3 me (:
Call your Mom, even if you are not talking, haven't talked, or don't want to talk. Make peace with her today. Life is short.
Nevermind. Found some inspiration in "Mommy's Little Monster"
she got personal best, but fell spectacularly at finish line. Toronto was gorgeous; shot some rolls of film before dinner.
Dessert-off at work - Hope everyone loves these oreo peanut butter brownie cups as much as I do!! :)
Thanks for the follows cool peeps! @
#WeAllGotThatOneFriend who is always hungry.
Man looking at a computer all day at work can really drain you I swear....
o nada this rain i suppose wats good wit u
“: I'm taking my talents to Cleveland” Hows it feel to be the butt of nationally understood jokes dummy?!?! ROFL
Watching classics on Nice hair
Good luck team!
Professional Lighting Equipment with stands!
this made me smile, so thank you, and happy #terrificTuesday to you as well! :D
Good morning! What are your plans for today? We're getting organized for #superbowl week here in Indy & listening to the Beatles.
- Cool logo! Its always challenging to launch a new look.
And I look like shit today.
Well, 30 Rock is still done after next year. Parks & Rec may have a future after this year it seems
Nope I haven't seen the stills! I'll look 'em up now :) and I'm fine, all my pets arrived today and of course went crazy and
Damn i love me... ... im really somthing else...
Yankees fan - really? No love for the #Brewers?
I can't be too miffed since they have my Grey's...but still. And curse you for this damn Bachelor Pad show. It's kinda addictive.
#Celtics game iops play a stirring U2 "Where the Streets Have No Name" on May 10, Bono born May 10, 1960. HBDay to one of the greatest.
I LOVE YOU , please follow me , it would mean so much to me <3
you have no idea.
If love is the answer, could you please rephrase the question?
we love watching you on The Talk!! Just wanted to share with you our resource in LA for autism. www.nourishedfamilys.com
I still love that Emma Thompson married Willoughby.
Order sent to Todd in NY!
#FF #FollowFriday Be sure to follow
Dont wait for it.go get it
My dentist would be most pleased.
Is this diagnosis part of end-of-semester student stuff, or something else?
With amd
2012 is truly the end of the world :(
yup! already started saving for a firearm!
Index indicates Nov a good month for app marketers. The cost per loyal user was down while available user volume up. Good opportunity
NURSE SCRUBS ARE NOT OUTFITS!!!! CUT THAT SHIT OUT!!!!!!
I dont understand my mother. I think I like it that way.
why did Olivo slide?!!
she mentioned when the show opened that you can't say certain things on certain stations and day time tele cables different
Your hugs,<3
Please order my new official cd and t shirt for only $15.00 it's going to benefit the world and my music !
brain hurting from so much new information uploaded. Game on with Diego's Umbrella. First stop Arcata.
i heart you, sheila!!! miss you already, but thrilled about the future. hugs...
These are the favourites of most consumers of Nutrisystem diets
Summer! RT : Warning Downtown Chicago Drivers.. Bridges start going up at 8am. The Boating Season begins!
someday i want to be well known around the world but not for bad reasons
yeah Memphis is the only one that can stop themselves.
lol. is a singer from indonesia, my country. she's so talented.
Tomorrow we are hosting their 3rd Annual Community Baby Shower for over 400 new & expecting mothers
we will become masters of the
Got my first monday of school tomorrow XP
I can't with Jefferson Mall!
well seriously, iso is for a reason! I just can't believe that's legal to do in the first place.
so freaking true!
Hate when kids are halfway through a project and I question the purpose/focus of why I assigned it to begin with... ugh
at #UniversityofIllinois for #MothersWeekend lol. It's beautiful here!
. This has just steeled my resolve to call out all the settler racism I see and hear today at #MayDay events in NYC.
What would Lincoln have done, had he been given SUPREME CONFERENCE POWER? Probably joined the Missouri Valley Conference.
caffeine: check. nicotine: check. thc: check. ready to start my day!
Ive past my bad habits on to my sister
Happy Birthday, Allie!
New Glows T Shirts on the way from the great ! This time they WILL glow in the dark!!!
Waiting for your husband to finish night shift is like waiting for #Santa. The sooner you go to sleep the sooner he'll be here!
That awkward moment when your gum randomly falls out your mouth
RT:Publishers need 2 digitally disrupt themselves to survive. Half the INMA room wnt survive McQuivey
as it should be, lol.
is back on twitter for the first time in ages--damn facebook distractions!
How to make train travel viable in America? Give passenger trains right of way over freight.
you know I just joking. :)
GREAT SEE NOW i have to leave. lololol
she was on mad men. Her lines were as flat as ever and she talked about snacks.
Damn some people use twitter as a damn confessional I'm this I'm that I never did this OK WE GET IT!
Oh yeah! I booked my first under five on a new show called HOLLYWOOD HEIGHTS! Shooting Monday =) Happy weekend all!!
So glad to be off one more day and its tha weekend !
Join us now in the Earprint booth 301 for a conversation with Sandy Goldberg, Catherine and Jason on SFMOMA's 75th bday tour
Thanks for the feedback...we're continuing to evolve the site this year and will certainly take that to heart...
Girls nowadays bro. Hop off my dick not everything revolves around you hoe.
RT : Visit us on March 28. We’re demonstrating our Cloud Security and Monitoring technology.
its like when i read those notes i wanted things to be back to what it was but then i rememberd what you said to me.(c)
Being happy doesn't mean everything is perfect. It means you've decided to see beyond the imperfections.
Bout to get on my money makin mission
SLOTOROFF IS MINE
Just saw the "longer" version & it's excellent! Wish Milw. viewer's could see it. Congratulations!
$540 straight up $389 cash and its still gonna go up more.
Fuck Tampa Bay. Boston deserves the Wildcard
Headed to the cupcake shop!
"Elton from Clueless / the guy who is now in Law & Order is here" "wasn't he also in 6ft Under?" "I'm talking about his roles that matter."
“: Have you EVER looked at your best friend & thought, "why the f**k are we not COMEDIANS dude?!"”
thanks Dude!
Just realized I used the wrong they're. :P It's late.
so maury can keep makin that showtime monaayyy
NY, you have my heart <3
U played a great job don't beat urself up
Good luck this weekend! MyCSU is ready for a RAM victory!
so i'm kinda jealous of you right. traveling to London and going to see Kanye. have fun though :)
Are you there Chef? It's me menopause. - Huffington Post
Good night all. Take care of each other.
Retweet if u love God and your not ashamed to say it lol follow me and I will def follow u back;)
If you think Sergio Martinez could bet Matweather you are sadly mistaken. Martinez doesn't think in a fight and takes too many risk.
Still doesn't make sense. His toughness was missed. Especially with Shaw out. Bickell & Stalberg too soft.
i am free tomorrow YES!
RT : Tweet your questions about web #a11y legal issues using #accessu and i'll try to answer them in my 11:00 (central) class.
If you could design the best musical mashup of ALL TIME, what two songs would you put together?
Business gathering tonight in Atl w and one of best friends Rastafari real Ras MARLEY .. Come see us Atl
Were you on H4? I was umpiring the baseball game on H2 last night!
Utley says no pain when he swings. Took grounders on a field for first time today. Still pain there. No timetable. -- Matt Gelb ()
I guess my cat thinks it's okay to just stare at me no matter what.
I used to like my neighbors. Until they put a PASSWORD ON THEIR WI-FI..
Zero sleep this weekend, and now i can barely keep my eyes open.
#WorkFlow then appointment later with a designer in Newark :)
This is worth creating a bogus email address over for sure. You know, for the experience, and the good pictures. Hah.
“When you catch an adjective, kill it.” Mark Twain
Clients use V-cube Seminar to market and promote their products to over 10,000 people LIVE or On-Demand.
Progressivism is a political attitude favoring or advocating changes or reform through governmental action. (then I have to vote a big No: )
had feeling once he got to def jam the records would just be okay
"The past ought to be left 30 seconds ago, the problem is that most of us let that past dictate how our next 30 seconds will turn out!
Interesting Read - Guilty: Liberal "Victims" and Their Assault on America
Well I know can't wait to see you! And thank you for all your help! Registrations for me are going strong!!
I've written 3 letters today. Doing my share in keeping the Postal Service alive ;)
i'm so happy you guys are finally starting to crack america!!! i'm so upset i can't see you guys in NY ):
SURE!! What would u like
Issue with collecting vintage clothing... it's all tailored for midgets and anorexics.
sorry i just had to :)
Fun fact about Martin Brodeur, he cheated on his wife with his sister-in-law. Its true, I swear!
Journalist David Kirkpatrick in his book "Facebook Effect" says that this social media site is the traditional "water cooler on steroids."
"We have a culture problem, not an education problem." - Dean Kamen
Just signed up for the Improv101 intensive Jan. 2nd-7th @ UCB! So excited!
So confused right now. <U+E40B>
Kudos to 's Steve Handel for passionate remarks on the #CompletionArch and the desire to serve our nation's
very cool. Love those once in a life time experiences.
And you really call yourselves my friends
when did we get a new one?
Well that wasn't so bad. Assuming its over. It's cold now!!
Well baby is sleep and I'm not sleepy soo..lol I'll watch tv!!!
Congrats at the VMAs tonight!!!!!! You definatley deserved it!!! Proud to be a #belieber<3 Love and support u ALWAYS!!!!!<333
but ebgames is doing a midnight release? why wait till 10 am?
RT : Raising awareness for colon cancer, thanks to John Hovel, a survivor for joining us and Dr. Kirk Ludwig for the facts
hard to keep smiling. But i'm trying.
Any #dcfoodtrucks interested in selling
There's almost nothing worse in life than a Maroone commercial.
your store rep was supposed to cancel my BB service in Jan when I got a non-BB. Your online chat won't refund for this error.
- welcome to our hood! what are you gonna order? Need suggestions? knows the deal -
follow me back spencer <3
Me too! Feel free to forward tweets to help educate me + much appreciated if you do! ;^)
lmfao, oh :p
RT To BWI in 20 mins thanks to all my friends for all the great discussions at this am's #taiga7 #dlfforum ciao charm city
I had prob the best night ever, couldnt get any better then this :) #LikingHer :)
what are u doing for St. Patty's??
Happy Birthday welcome to the best decade!
Work smarter, not harder.
Day one a success
board games bored games
I've vacationed at Portland and Kennebunkport Maine. I went in early June, a bit nippy then but fun & lots of cheap lobster
you an me both
Bad thing about the weather being nice enough for open windows: my neighbors smoke stinks up my house.
Just ordered my books for school :)
Shut up. Have you seen Man U? Uhm are they in any finals? No. Shut up.
I'm excited for Prom omg.
No! But I got out an hor ago. (We have an hour difference)
we can't wait!
That twinge of depression when you see that someone that you cared about so much is with another person.
Good morning world, let this be a great & successful day!! :D
Please don't speak Congresswoman Bachmann. It makes me cringe.
Morning jog...happy Saturday everyone :-)
In too deep, can't think about givin it up. Never knew love would feel like a heart attack. Never thought love would hurt this fucking bad.
Yes Def. I'm Down =) I'm going to be in LA in 3 weeks so that's perfectly fine with me =)
Could i get an invite? I'd love to try out the service
I just had to take a picture I guess that's what you get at Plainfield!
Good Morning Tweets!!!
": If i wanted to hear that song i'd put it on myself. Theres a reason why you're wearing headphones. . . #Ecc #rudolph"
wait I just got this did I miss you!? I'm confused!
like a glove. someone is ready a weekend full of driving.
you should find out your "imposter" too. With all the problems in our community, fake twitter accounts should be priority
Just noticed my husband has more twitter followers than Ray Park. This fangirl is impressed.
Eating oysters in grand central station-about to see the model as muse MET exhibit and billy elliot
In Joliet. This is an awesome town. They have very nice people. Who's here?
Love is like a fruit you can not pick when it is not ready
omg yes I play it on repeat 24/7. I wana go back. That show was FREAKIN AMAZINGG
Miss Eveything You Used To Be.
TEARS RT : You need gastric bypass RT : i need 8,000 followers
my Jagermeister shirt brought me luck on my midterm today :)
A new day and new houses on the market. Buy without a mortgage and you get the best deals in Miami Metro
woohoo!! Thanks so much :)
agreed. this weekend is looking pretty nice though!
Hey i checked out your myspace & you are an amazing singer. (: are you on youtube.?
Don't forget, we will be at the TN State Fair at 7:00 on Thurs. Come get yourself a corndog!
Photographing graves in the Decatur Historic Cemetery. Thinking about digital projects for it.
Nice summary. Thanks, !
you're thinking of
i'm feeling a little under the weather, sore throat. Any suggestions to getting well quicker??
Sir Elton was not amused. Great comeback Madonna. One two punch with those guns she's sportin'.
cleared up a question I've asked my whole life.. "why do they hate?"
Chris, thanks, man. You're the best. Hey, I'm working in Oro Valley and I'm moving to Tucson. TUPLE still active?
I feel kind of bad for Nick Collins... wish him the best. when he got injured last season I knew it would be tough for us to repeat
2 haha i think parents in general are
So Madison loses the girls state bball tournament for the next two years but keeps the boys tourney til 2020. Sounds like a win for Alvarez.
that's awesome;)
if the world fucking ends and i dont meet 1D.....
Girls Night Out with my friend Polly! Margarita's are calling :)
RT lmao RT My phone dies faster then a black guy in a horror movie.
Snuggling with my baby girl watching Tinkerbell. Shoulda spent my birthday with BayBay<3
Click "LIKE" if you've ever done this: Checked Facebook. Closed computer. Picked up phone. Checked Facebook again.
“: watched Celebrity Sex Tape last night Hilarious!!! #AEKDB”
Al Horford went HAM tonight for ATL. Man, did they miss him. The C's are in trouble if that ATL big 3 (w/JJ & J. Smooth) gets hot together
We have iTunes/Starbucks giftcards for EVERYONE that complete our scavenger hunt! Come to booth 318!
Trust your gut feeling... it rarely ever lies
include me too please!!!
or are you watching a race...?
Ready 4 the world...
Tomorrow, I will be on a field trip with 200 screaming 2nd graders, so I won't be able to remind you that UE claims were revised up. Again.
I love freebies
having a super daydoing paper work to SAG < Boring>
Looking for new snack ideas for our family. Do you have snacks for people with food allergies?
God is near to the broken-hearted.
I'm going to stick with the Novice since the 1/2 isnt till October just to be safer
I often text people really obnoxious stuff and then immediately forget about it and I'm kinda embarrassed when they do or don't text me back
NFL is like crack. Even bad football fans will go watch. look at the Browns.
I'm so nervous to meet his friends, This was a lot easier in high school.
yes it is a very pretty face. We really do. I'm in desperate need of some Desperate Housewives!
Create your own happiness :)
Thanks! If it's on FB it's official I guess ;)
Happy Monday! 285 was shut down most of the morning, so for those stuck in traffic, I feel your pain.
Haha and rocking it, I'm sure! // RT: : Wearin a flower in my hair tonight like I'm :)
Thanks Guys!
I just might, sir. I just might.
I gotta watch Desperate Housewives tonight.
just found u on YouTube thru Chelsea ur one silly funny bitch proud to have an asian like u
I got bored so I copped some boat shoes. The Internet is dangerous.
Alshflajeoafnalahejqlfixjeuqlndjelqnd IT'S TODAY
Today is definitely one of those Pony tail days
1st day to sleep in Im up at 730! Better than 6. Time to pick up the last few items to bring on the Christmas cheer Wrapping paper & booze!!
you haven't follow me :/ RT : followed :D
At Metro now.
Not going to sleep till the rangers caps game is over... Lol
With Gratitude The Universe is Eternally Abundant!
Be Content with what you have; rejoice in the way things are. When you realize there is nothing lacking, the whole world belongs to you.LTzu
Yes. But we need better installation stories for Mac and Windows.
thanks for the reporting/speculation, sherlock.
Tony Plush! Beast mode!!
Then they will follow my decrees and and be careful to keep my laws. They will be my people, and I will be their God. Ezekiel 11:20
The Z on TV, critic David Zurawik Wednesday 1 pm
I know I haven't tweeted on this account for a while. Haha
#truthbetold I miss you, #truthbetold I'm lying.
with all the MVP talk... When is it announced?
Haha!<U+261D>RT : “:How is it possible to lose a remote control for the tv in a or bedroom house”did you check in your ass?
Is Melo gonna show up?
Watching the voice finale ahh it's amazing
I'm so glad I won't have to read 100 posts today saying "May the 5th be with you".
Remember 2 get ur blue light bulbs out & "Light it up Blue" for Autism Awareness on April 2nd. Pass it on.
hehe (: I'm pretty freaked out right now.. I'm positive my house is haunted .___.
you're so cynical, you couldn't have me, I didn't want you, you're selling me out to the girl I can't afford to lose
how cool is that.
I love the use of backchannel for student voice as well, they can contribute without having to be called upon.
Miley is our sexy queen..
All charges dropped from my client, thank goodness.
Former #HoustonDynamo Ricardo Clark scores in the 98th minute to win the match against Venezuela 1-0! #USMNT. Congrats to !!!
haha.. I turned it off so I could learn to type without staring at the keyboard.
I don't trust TMZ so won't believe it until CNN says so
if u r checking your twitter: I'm trying 2 write a paper using your manifesto & I don't know which pronouns to ref. you by, halp?
My Stomache just cussed me out !
Just saw your tweet to - not sure what the screenshot means, but our team can help get your support needs met!
the day berg makes, 4 all yall who were crackin askin how long he been on his way, im pissin on all yall
Amazing job on A Football Life featuring Reggie White and Jerome Brown!
Just wrote and recorded THE most fucking awesome acoustic song...this one will definitely be on our full length!!!
miss ya more....u gotta come visit for memorial day
bith r u retard??
Yea it gets the point aross at any rate! :)
Is #Texas really about to go to another #WorldSeries? Come on #Detroit!! Who's watching the game tonight? Who are you guys rooting for?
THANK YOU!
So mad I missed it. RT : On campus at UWM for Broke Students Dining presentation.
are you still on here or what? You're still an egg for crying out loud...
holding my warm scripts right off the printer before makes me so happy!!
#wov12 finds itself in many technical challenges driven by competitive challenges per Yvonne Schneider
Where you been mayne?
Hey guys we are going to peachtree mall today at 5:30 to sell some CDs if you want one come get one!!
Got a loaf in my hand while im cutting up the traffic laughin at u bumz while im pushing up my glasses
The oldest wetlands preservation site is 22 years old! What?
Movie Night,;D
gotcha. Thx. Well get caught right in the middle of the typhoon!
You know those days when you're too lazy to put on pants.
Annette Bening and Ed Harris are on campus today filming "Look of Love" -- Oxy's latest screen appearance.
thanx girl! I txted u earlier!
I'm out<U+270C>
Wait a sec. Did Daniels start out saying that there's a lot wrong with the state of our union, and then end by saying there's nothing wrong?
miss you too! Have the kind of fun tonight that you can regret tomorrow
thank you for following me!
California, for ex: water use consumes 19% of the state's electricity, 30% of it's natural gas, & 88 billion gallons of diesel fuel Yearly.
Who has questions?
Pedicure and dinner out tonight!
(c) Zayn Malik may have stopped smoking, I don't know & I honestly don't care. But before you consider smoking think about the damage (c)
Good Night and Sweet Dreams people :))) I love you so much!
interesting way to organize content. Feel like there is some wasted space here though.
The sun goes down the stars come out and all that counts is here and now. My universe will never be the same. I'm glad you came
It was you. Hahaha. Still a Barca and Messi fan! Did you see the Juventus/Roma game from today? Two goals-first 10 minutes by Juv
thanks for the interest - the feed shows up on the front page of our bracket website
the world is mine, can't you see,I'm just trying to be all I can be
tuesday, the sun is out, great morning, lots to do!
You don't have to know it all to succeed but you darn well better know you don't. -- Steve Keating CSE ()
I used Soap Guy soap to bathe the dog - now she's clean AND she smells great!!!
Either way I say Manhattan metro wins haha.
OK, Lin-sanity - I'm in.
vegas anytime give me a call for bottle service or guestlist @ Rehab, Vanity, LAX, Pure Wet republic 413 530 0621 VIP Marketing Host AMG
Books - the best antidote against the marsh-gas of boredom and vacuity. George Steiner
Excellent. Thanks.
I can't always carry the conversation!
been trying to hit Tamarind for a while now...maybe this weekend.
I wish would get up so we could look at lights!
..& she reminds me why I broke up w/ her ass !
Would YOU invest in your organization? Your own hard-earned cash.? What about your time, passion, bs&t?
and some black eyed peas??
ask him that!!!!
Are you having a viewing party to celebrate the premiere of "Small Business" on Comedy Central?!?!?!?!!!!!!!!!!
LOL!! Add the music of course.
I like to party.
WHoa. That's a whole lot of trade coverage. And we like it!
right about when reality shows got popular. We lost using verbs properly around that time too.
Those sunday nights you spend with your family channel surfing..
Today is a magic day, with no meetings in it. Yet.
#Np Women Lie, Men Lie
We love making new friends :)
Yeah, I could probably meet you a little after that somewhere.
YES 600 pages of just arrived in my mailbox WITH Adele on the cover.
Very cool. I'll have to take a look. All your stuff is top knotch.
If you want to live a happy life, tie it to a goal, not to people or things. Albert Einstein
I fell rather spectacularly down a set of slippery stone steps today and my backside looks like the grande finale of a fireworks display.
I freely admit that "lemmatize" was not part of my vocabulary until recently. Here's to learning something new every day!
Saturday May 12th virtuoso pianist Eric Genuis Lares Restaurant and Jimmy & Charity Azadian invite you to help us www.bringhollywoodhome
he's interviewing all hot chicks?
It's total potluck over there. Their playlists are anarchic and weird. Love that.
just saw your roommate at a party
Its 8th grade formal. I don't want to see the damn picture!
Small hinges swing big doors.
yeah, Miami is the best!!!
¡Feliz Día de los Muertos! Who are you remembering today? I'm thinking about my husband's 13-yr-old golden retriever. The best dog ever.
My 14 year old brother was just screaming like a girl coz he lost in a game.
And this is exactly why I'm avoiding political chatter.
#irritated u justdont do that shit...
When was the last time you changed your filters in your house/apt?
can i please have a follow Miss Grande?
Loves Saturday - Can I get a standing O for the weekend please?? Thank you!!
Could be the sickest Boom Bap session ever tonight at 9:30-midnight. $5
dayum goes to the Groove Jones - first track caught my attention instantly - who made the beat to that
“: Wat up bro. Stay on dat grind. Good Luck”
Exactly, more bang for your buck.
Good Morning #ParkerVegas attendees! is open 4 business. Stop by booth 727 & get a #FREE sample kit b4 they're gone.
DailyHookahTips #77: Some very strongly scented liquids can add a slight flavor note to the smoke.
whats up jasmine
Thru three innings at Miller Park. Only baserunner has been Nori Aoki. Twice. Single and triple. #Brewers 0, #Cubs 0.
a lil exhausted....bored...gotta wake up early - ugh :/
the outfits there doe <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C> ah! & that's your show <U+263A> Lmaooo nothing much, just tweetin' & on facebook <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Got done with my English paper , Now Spanish ! /:<
Trust me, I'm not. So stop criticizing me and go live your own pathetic life.
just iPad for LTE. I love AT&T as a voice/3G carrier, especially in Milwaukee.
I need Snow White and the Huntsman in my life now.
are your iPad cases in any US stores yet?
Sipping on beer enjoying my day off SaWeet
The World is a Gift...watched a nest of sea turtles hatch tonight and helped to be sure they all made it to the ocean!
you've been on maury 8 times & you still can't find the right baby daddy?
Awesome! Be sure to find us and say hi. We really appreciate you helping to spread the word.
Love me if you know what it means, and ill be as strong as you need me to be~
can't wait for it! : Killer #turbokick class this morning Round 50 is gonna be off the hook!!
sweet wine and date myself night. way better than staying in and crying over the 1yr anniversary that we didn't make it to. Go team BUNNY.
idk cuz I wath Francesca to be with us please
the kickstarter campaign was not as successful as hoped for, but BACK TO LAST NIGHT is back on track and better than ever
The fascinating Brian Selznick is reading from his new novel Wonderstruck!
Playing The End tonight with DocHoneyPunch/Scott Revey. Gonna get funky.
there's an at&t education hackfest coming up in a month, I can send you the info
it's their rules...crazy Apple people.
Crazy how my family is the one throwing the dirt.
Hah! Think I had enough last night...
omg that made me so sad for a second
I hope we go out to eat tonight.
I'm so very worried. Stop making shitty choices.
Honey Cocaine is a G...got shot last week and she's performing at the show. Swag lol
Gunnar and i just pushed to the front. Challenge accepted
omg if u do please tell me!!:) and I used windows movie maker(:
I'm great. Gonna just relax today and put some food on the grill later.
Don't fuck with me. A nigga don't play. I ain't bout that life son.
#nce11Bud Spillane "I've been coming to nce for over 40 years and have never seen such an ovation"
Agree => RT "Social media is becoming our news outlet." For those who use it, it already is.
heres the new show's twitter site
I text you because I want to have a conversation with you, not get one worded answers.
I said the same thing
Ask us about our coupon for $100 off air duct cleaning for the whole house. It expires March 3!
Hello Friend! So sorry we were out of the loop this month. We should get together soon! Have a happy weekend =o)
Here's a question that we recently received about jealousy and trust
She a lady in the streets ; a smut in the apartment... Plus she can even twist a L while she parallel parkin...
Yes! RT Spo on :He made MVP plays on both sides of the court, particularly in the 4 quarter when we needed some relief.
#np Boyfriend - Justin Bieber
"You know when you're sitting down and you fart and it rolls to the front?" LOL
#np The Lazy Song- Bruno Mars
Apple Dev Support "diligently working to resolve" my issue since Monday: my app doesn't appear when searching App Store by keywords or name!
New topic - Step-up ring for fitting filters on the 50-200. 67->72mm is ok, right?
i have that magic skill of putting out fires with my fingers hahah
Ganoderma is a powerful herb.,cleanses the system , decreases allergies and inflammation.Drinking the coffee or tea aids in weight loss!
When you drop something and it lands on the other side of the room. DA FUQ!?
Are you a Team Coyote Member? It's free & you get discounts on parts and accessories for life! Get in here and get your card today!!!
While #mobile touch screens seem elegant, it is a bit odd to watch people petting their #smartphones. what's the next intput trend?
Awake like always
We're practically twins. It *IS* very confusing. Anything good in it?
Broaden your horizon.
RT Since GHWB #AmeriCorps has had bi-partisan support, how will you keep #NationalService a shared US priority?
boom boom boom boom boom boom
What's up, friend! Holding it down in Chicago. When is your world tour rolling through?!
lol I wish I could.
What a beautiful day for my bday....
Apple support just saved my bacon! Lost a file with 3 years of info in it...
River Pools & Spas Dramatically Increases Organic Traffic
long car rides make for interesting conversations
It's beautifull out! :D
Get me a present?;)
Does your book have a new release date?
So far we got #phillies #sfgiants #reds and #twins RT : Baseball! Who's your team and how far will they go?
Got a new haircut...looks Hawwtt ;) :D
Have a good time/safe trip heading back home. Staying in DSM? And you can watch the bowl game (could be ugly) with fellow Hawks.
These people are acting like I am the worst driver they've ever driven with
It's not tacky, or at least no one gave me a hard time when I submitted myself for PyCon or PloneConf....
I get in late Wednesday. Let's hangout Thursday during the day, I have nothing to do!
The people who bought my Pap's truck are from Wisconsin
amen to that ! #dailygrindisnumba1!
I hate when your teacher calls home <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>
It's Ash Wednesday and the first day of Lent. Whatever you do, don't give up beer because the start of Beer Week is just 2 days away!
We leave for #AAO11 tonight. Who's excited for the convention?
Have you caught the new episode yet?? Hit us with the feedback! =)
you too, B-man!!
amen! I'm lucky enough to her once a week here in Norcal. The guys BS
i see you!
Stay up with tonight while we prepare for the twins party.....www.eeparty.tumblr.com
Waking up & feeling like shit... <<<<
seems to be on the no rest for the wicked plan
My names Sydney and I'm a big loser! :)
Getting 12 hours of sleep>>>>
Come see at booth 2429 I'm at #TxLA12 w/
“: I think its funny when ppl say i got ur girl on my arm. U can have my sloppy seconds yo lol” POW PUNCH LINE <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A2>
the sun shining bright, but it's cold af out
#ANDYMATCHETTANDTHEMINKS are going to tear it up! Have fun!
Team Skejballs is at Tough Mudder today! Get excited! 22 strong!
i did(; you dm now<3
Can't wait to walk this 5k bright and early tomorrow morning
Only A-- Holes wear red to a football match!
I will be in NYC this week, anyone I should connect with?
ii LOVE twitter, its like my online DIARY lol !
Turned in my YA Novel to Harper. Some magic happened in the writing of this book. Can't wait for it to come out next yr.
that's funny cause I remember watching you when I WAS in high school. > As a wise man once said. "Kiss my Ass"!
Non-answer.
Hm ... was wondering if you were the third base coach that day?
Yeah... too small.
3 other Democratic candidates registered in the GAB for the #18thAssemblyDistrict. Time to continue to work hard.
A week after DiPShit whines about having Kurt Warner on after just had, he has Romo on right after Colin does
I REALLY wanna go see #cirquedusoleil this week at Like REALLY REALLY wanna go.
How many student photographers & filmmakers do we have following us?
The projected new cover of #MissWorld is influenced by the late High Risk Books and will be utilizing the concept of the dead girl.
Having a great time and meeting terrific people at Penn State's rhet/comp conference. Presentation over = time for an adult beverage.
Screw it.
Care to expand?
why does my twitter not log off
Watch out for them sneak at-taxes!
WAKE WEED LEGAL!
Wonder what the college kids parents think of their kids protesting? Any out there?
RT : SPF is important for your child - skin cancer development can originate as far back as early childhood
Good morning ^_____^
Military official rules out terrorism in Iligan City blast
Only 17 more days of school :D fingers crossed for north next year
At McDonalds got a bacon cheese burger (y)
glad you had a good day!
I mean now they barely communicate with us at all. It stinks... I don't think that was fair. We are losing them. D:
I bought a Time Machine! Ok, I bought a Watch ~
“The best kinds of laughter:1)Laughing so hard ur laugh becomes silent. 2)Feeling a six-pack coming3)Tears coming from ur eye.”
RT : luv u babe <<< Ur the best EVER! On my way to Cali.
Holy crap I miss driving!
More hilarity, please!
got caught with 30 rocks the cop looked like alec baldwin
St. Cloud is a small town. At least they're picking up NCOE. Their big sister town of Mpls/St. Paul shows no sign. Sigh!
im so confused now -.-
awesome. u insomniac?
RT Evolution is inevitable,resistance is futile. Sustainability might change,but not stop,the process
I hope you're feeling better!
He's my best friend & the love of my life
So glad requested my full! After reading his book I really think we'd make a great lit match! He RT'd my rev! Fangirl moment!
love that song!!!!
Can't afford a coach but want to work w/one? Contact me. I'm putting together a group coaching program that will be affordable for everyone.
O'Malley never really gets tired of raising taxes, does he?
I have no words for how amazing The Avengers was. This is what an ensemble movie should look like.
April 30th we have a at the Mad Hatter who is coming?
Everybody loves Lexi, everybody hates April ;-)
Im here...Get use to Me
happy thursday everyone!!!!..be safe and god bless you to all..
true, sorry!
Super jealous! Have fun in my city and cheer for my team!!!
being held in whales I thought the Ryder cup should be a mid summer thing!
Thanks! Its good to be here!
RT : Tune in to the season finale of 4th and Forever – tonight at 9/8c on Current TV must watch TV!
Pretty much the last person in the world I want advice from on raising my daughters is John Mayer.
My idea to help creative brainstorming, which I called Scotch-drinking-Tuesday, was shot down. Devastating.
Come to find out ... he's no good
lololol I'm making gross noises
and that they have truly understand their responsibility if/when they do ask for help
Just did!
LOVE IT! “: You know you're in a bad businessman's hotel, when 'Barbara Ann' is on constant rotation and the filet costs $36.”
Engaging the public in scholarship, engaging the student in the public through open coursework
i think rest of America needs to hear ur opinion about it ha
Both of you should look at Twicca. It's by far my favorite twitter app.
Not to be rude or anything, but people are really stupid at times.
and my mash up = complete, total, and utter success!
Hi Teabaggers! Welcome to #wiunion tag today. BTW, we're still voting en masse for Kloppenburg no matter how much BS you type!
We're in and ready whenever you are! is the e-mail associated with our Skype.
New season? This early in the day?
I usually embrace mother nature. But because of her timing, fuck her
Do you ever click on Facebook ads you hate, just to throw off their numbers? I do.
Happy Halloween! Make it safe+fun! See you soon !
I'm torn! I want to hang #8 but then I realize that this is the last time these players will play ! There almost like my own kids!
I love how you push me away -___-.
Right on!
oh definitely. Without a doubt. You need to get shitstorm crazy.
Get harden out the game.
3. Speed/performance are much better than visual consistency.
Team Herrera, we are just two hours from victory! Head to the polls and then join us at our victory party at The Mighty.
Thank you for abundance.
I haven't been able to access the website for a while, and I have no idea what's wrong, can you help?
Slide over here, let your hands feel the way, there's no better method to communicate... <3
I agree with this sentiment.
ahh yes, going back to the days when people through computer hacking was cool, like Hackers or Swordfish
I hate lying ass muthafuckas. Especially when they get caught and still try to lie.
RT . OK, folks, it's cold outside this morning.so that means you go to StubHub & unload your #Blackhawks tickets at great prices.
And I thought today was going to be a good day.
Please follow me?? I would kinda make my whole year!!!!! :)
from S.Casper: "Jimmie G has let me off the leash at the dog park for the bits in Catalano’s play. Caution to first row…you may get wet."
Just finished the rough cut for the Senior Piece! It's gonna be pretty boss, just saying.
true but "we" means you/me, hardcore sports ppl...this isn't about us but we'll still watch
Welcome to ABC Senerick Greer and Chris Warren.
Come to Chicago!
Getting sushi for dinner from SushiPDX food cart!! Yum!!
I had more a problem with freeman last night than Marshall its definitely not tight.wasnt expecting a problem at right back too.
Ive never tweeted this much in eurhythmics. Cheers for quiz days.
hate it when it turns into a "not in service" bus. seems like it's all the time.
have you tried out the presskit.to? so many sites, so little time :)
It feels like spring today! <3
Finally getting a chance to indulge in one of my guilty pleasures and watch the last episode of Dancing With the Stars.
whats a good and cute and werid but not to werid name?
awesome! God bless you!
“: #MyMomWouldBeatMyAssIf She followed me on Twitter.” AMEN LMAO XD
But today it's for bad music.
That feeling you get when you feel like you're about to get a cold. Ugh. Any suggestions for preventing this cold?
And I've been reading a lot of light books and needed something a bit more mentally challenging. :)
The smash Williams character on Friday night lights is an inspiring one. I really enjoy this show. Shame on NBC for canceling it so early.
In the shape of thing to come, too much poison, come undone '8.
that sucks. What's wrong?
Quote of the day: "...Jesus will save the economy." -some chick at a Santorum convention. As heard on NPR.
What doesn't kill you makes you stronger .
Wow, mine is totally different
Lindsay Lohan in Playboy BORING. In my opinion she's nothing special. Sofia Vergara would be something to talk about!
drank@ the taste of madison.killer eats yall
Ready for sleep already. Just got home and got off work at 5:22pm. Traffic blows.
hey sticky, what's up ? (:
EVERYONE I GOT HACKED!! SO PLEASE GO FOLLOW MY NEW ACCOUNT PLEASE!!!!!!!!!
now Real Estate Tiny Desk Concert
With these hot days, be sure to keep cool with our hand-crafted cocktails. Try the Scudetto: Pineapple-infused gin, Campari and egg white
Have a good one
The combination of #DahvieVanity and 's voices is like an orgasm in my ear ;3
Use social media to protect your brand's rep. Utilize SEO, pos/neg mentions to help translate.
lol I'm n Dallas
it sucks!
hey I can't pull up? Thanks for info!
sandplay, similar to art therapy allows dual use (adults & children ), or am I misunderstanding.
i agree that MS students ESPECIALLY need an intercative, student cetered class where the teacher is a facilitator and tech helps
Just saw a woman getting her shoes shined. That's a first.
FREE Carson Dellosa Clip Art
can you pick up Dave tomorrow?
Free delivery from any restaurant in yoiur area with your donation of 7 non-perishable food items for the Oregon Food Bank. Coupon code...
not worse den da hot 30 piece put on yall in inter-murals....
Tasteful nudity is flacid nudity.
thanks for adding us to your events!
These guys are GREAT! RT : Looking forward to the weekend. in the house.
only around you. (;
Nothing has more strength than dire necessity. Euripides
it will never happen again!
I know you'll be taking Charlotte to the house tonight! Go
finals are now upon me since I have them this week and not during the real finals week...bye social networking
Well. That's unexpected. Apparently I'm a Viking.
Read Daily #Golf #Joke NOW! @ www.ICUGolfStories.com > "My Great Grandfather had been playing golf whenever possible for over 78 years..."
My grandpa is staying the night tonight because I'm to scared to be alone.
aka Childish Gambino has a song with that's fucking insane. Where's the CDQ at?
20 - 30% off unique handbags at Tous all weekend. W.tous.com
A listing for a "Senior Librarian" at the National Geographic Society just came across my twitter feed. I may have peed myself.
Just lost a huge pot in the #WSOP circuit 1k. 27 left. Let's go!!
ft lauderdale
I don't do drugs, I just really enjoy the smell of cocaine.
I'm scoping out criminals. Shut it bitch unless your mouth is open for a good old sock'en
Aw man, how did you get in? Everyone who has it seems to find it irresistible.
You can have many distractions online too :P
we went to Colorado over winter break! you know him?
Met my geometry and world history/english teachers for the first time. Awkward.
My phone auto-corrected the word "beets" to "beers" in case you're wondering if I'm gonna be eating my fucking vegetables today.
"Why are black people afraid of chainsaws?" Ready, set, go! Answer in an hour.
I agree! It should be leveraged as ONE aspect of a social media plan.
studio down for a min. but i will be back soon wit some super hott ish!!! Sean Pizo
Mom brought home 8 magazines to look at that she picked up on her trip...got them all for free.
Omg and Britany and Cheyenne and Dan are so pretty<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
of course!
i'm pretty sure people are trying to kill me tonight.
Thanks for the shoutout! The Google URL Builder gets great when you can measure eCommerce revenue from each campaign!
definitely not, typing hurts! (got carpal tunnel myself). Have you tried a chiropractor?
Ha! Ouch, that stung a little.
just walked past on 4th. You there?
lost 0.5 pounds since her last weigh-in! She's lost 7.5 pounds so far.
the long shadows
Excellent point about the housing market. What a clusterfuck that is / continues to be.
#iLikePeopleWho respect and trust the choices women make about their bodies.
1/2 priced sushi rolls tonight...maybe a little sake at hh?
Going to pick up my mom from the airport tonight!
congrats on #copyblogger mention - you are a rock star!
RT “: I hate reading.”
Sb is over. Back to Norman. Not sure of I'm ready to take on this week from hell.
I'll definitely drop by!
Dont you be holding back your love ...
Steve Jobs was the Thomas Edison of our time. He will be greatly missed.
Looking at everyone's status updates you'd swear 95% of people are self loathing psychopaths or neglected attention whores.
GGGGGGGGGGGAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHH ! school in the morning D; just got home. -___- night <U+2665>
--Thank you for answering me back--Lets keep each other in mind--
RT Whenever someone says "I'm not book smart, but I'm street smart", all I hear is "I'm not real smart, but I'm imaginary smart"
A doctor can bury his mistakes but a supplier based engineer can only advise the product designer to specify a heavier texture.
Mass. US Sen. Race Costliest In Nation So Far - WFMY News 2
Judging today's practice, Our training trip is going to be Hell on Earth
I have a craving for chipotle. Where is the nearest chipotle?
that's sad so sorry Helen.
Maybe he'll show if we promise him a strawberry-banana smoothie...
Pablo out with another broken hamate bone. Something bad happens to the Giants every time the Marlins are around.
Its easy i been singing since i was little just find the right voice coach and you got it :)
yes yes! I'm so excited! I'm going to cry. :')
Thanks for the huge knot on my head, mom.
I know you guys gotta have the scoop! Is Justin Bieber the baby daddy?
if jimmy turns out to be a butt, i'm smacking him lol sorry harley :)
Thanks for sharing it with your followers!
I love meeting people from all over the world on facebook and twitter. Hugs and happy reading y'all!
The first couple to be shown in bed together on prime time TV were Fred and Wilma Flintstone.
Learning some cool songs on Harry <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0087><U+00AC><f0><U+009F><U+0087><U+00A7><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B8>
Hi Deep... you know Matt, I don't know where I'd be without Deep...
Murphy's law? Or is that kind of luck something else?
She a playa fr fr , I'll give her that thou...
Can't wait to see the #HungerGames tomorrow with my fave almost teen, with whom the whole thing started as an 11th bday gift.
Where's a good spot to get food from right now ppl?
And would be ever get to know the truth?
Finally got some sleep!
Why would you do that O.O
you too bro!
LIGHTHOUSES RULE!
Ever think ol' Pontius Gingrich would've told Jesus & the Apostles to take a bath and get a job?
ur growing up so fast!:')
Major cross streets are Sunset and Eastern near the airport.
Yes. MT : You know those Dyson Airblade hand dryers? They should make a full body scale version for when you get out of the shower
I don't get mad anymore. I learned to expect less from people... even the ones I thought highest of.
Word, I said I was joking.
“: Are you guys ever coming back to Kingman, Kansas?! You should!" --We will probably be in the MidWest in June!
Then my evil plan is complete.
Growth Pearl: Happiness is…aligning what we think, say, and do. It’s about living a Growth in Motion™ lifestyle! Start your Growth in...
#GoTribe carlos santana is the #2 ranked catcher in all of the mlb going into 2012 per espn
we are working on a dinner and discussion at the halfway point, thank you for the interest, we'll keep you posted!
Hi Tweeps. Can anyone direct me to finding the #LeapPadExplorer? That seems to be the #hottest item on #Christmastlists this year!
Hey! Check out my new DP. :))))) Made it at Picnik.com. :)
Feel like I'm carrying a heavy words inside my chest ... And it increase daily.. turn to loud scream out of my head !hurts!
#stpatricksday is one of my faves = the parade in CHICAGO is intennssssse! everyone is so drunk lololol! Glad to be Irish lol!
just clicked over (when i saw it on my phone I thought someone had hacked your acct!) how awesome!!!!!
Personal wellness: Marissa is walking us through some pilates-based stress relief posture changes we can all make every day.
Cnt sleep. My mind is fckin me senseless with all these crazy ass thoughts I hav running through my head.
We're on our way to #SXSW! What should we check out?
so how are you, beautiful?(:
I wonder how authentic we are in this medium. I wonder how authentic I am. It's so easy to share only the best parts of myself.
Sounds much more appealing than cupnuts.
Don't lose it in the first quarter. Win it in the fourth.
Fielder to the #Tigers ! Not sure the fit when VMart returns but for now glad to see another Fielder in an Old English D
: Listening to many podcast episodes of The Moth and casting from New York into Pennslyvania. The bugs are on the way.
Just up-potted 100 plants in prep for the upcoming plant sale to raise $$ for the "From the Ground Up"
I watch #AroundtheHorn and see unbiased intelligent sports media men in Smith, Ryan, and Cowlishaw and wonder how Woody Paige is still on.
Geoffrey Chaucer~ He was as fresh as is the month of May.
haha, that's what I thought too when I saw it
no I don't!
I am craving a piece of meat-havent had anything but chocolate + cheese in days!$55 should buy dinner.art for soul, not food
Yesterday's commerical shoot for Fusion...a SUCCESS...look for photos from the shoot on our fb page at www.facebook.com/creativevisionsmedia
My mouth is full of #Novacane :-/
I was listening to your music & it was swaggerific.Btw sent me here(:
Everybody needs to back off He made an innocent mistake. What abt the students protesting the firing, even whn they knew facts.
i'll need a hard rock cafe shirt for sure, or planet hollywood. Whatever's easiest.
see you can't stay mad
Wow, Atlanta weather in the Fall is awesome!
Shawna, I read some of your posts and I like them alot. Especially the one about the modeling scams. I am a model looking fo
Shoutout to the beautiful !!!!!! Go follow her!(:
Thousands of candles can be lit from a single candle, and the life of the candle will not be shortened. Happiness never decreases by being
Just finished #WWPR luncheon w amazing keynote speaker Kiki McLean. Im excited to be a part of such a great organization!
If I RT that everyday for the rest of my life, it wouldn't be enough. BTTFJOY!
What I'm experiencing right now can't be real <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A8>
as long as he's wrecking the red bulls, I say let him come....
Thanks man. It's been exciting. Just a small step, though. Really looking forward to the next couple of months!
What could make today better for you? How do you make the jump from good to great?
Without my glasses, I kinda feel blind! But anyway, I've got DC to go to. ;3
you're Awesome Betty!! Love ya!! Keep Rocking!
Watts First Ever BLACK FRIDAY SALE. Online only. Save 10% on Friday, November 27th. Free shipping on orders $150+ www.georgewatts.com
lololol you are so LA bro!
then let's hang and play some games. Haha
what was the hw??
Watching Hunter King. Megan: "hunter, how come u sneak passeys? Hunter: cause when I close my eyes I just want something to chew on.
I'm most proud of my work with the Blood Scouts... that's a lot of candy apples to sell! AND a lot of razorblades!
You're right, it did have a digital context, but I like thinking about the ties between the two- human/digital
Before everyone's crazy Friday night, come support the baseball team at home tomorrow at 5!
Final panel! Data mining and "non comsumptive" uses of in copyright digital works!
Oh, Dear. RT: The most amazing chart of the Supreme Court maybe ever.
thanks. sounds like it will still be a while.
#AskSiva Anything planned for Nath's birthday ? (;
I have to get back in football shape
Join the Women's Caucus for the Gala and Progressive Lobby Day with the & Email for info.
Jr Demus in the house
Now Following
Be thankful that you're alive.
Audience drama at AFI Fest: "I hope you go home and die!" hisses the insane villain. "You're a monster!" shrieks the crazy old woman.
industry images in by Jeremy & Claire Weiss and Steve Davis
Anthony J. D'Angelo We are too busy mopping the floor to turn off the faucet.
I mean get mad lol sorry my swype
Joshua and Philip??!<333
I love west seattle! Should be in our new home in a few days.
Harvard and the Massachusetts Institute of Technology have joined forces to offer free online courses
God is going to do incredible things in your group through this series. Don't hesitate to send us some stories. ^Staff
The Redskins,again,found a way to snatch a defeat out of the jaws of victory,bums
Leftover Thai food and #HarryPotter is all I need.
hell no! :) Tigers need to win! come on Tigers!
thanks for the follow.
This time by john legend is bout to be da song
In order for you to get over a bitch, you gotta stop acting like one.
“Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work.”
still friends with my friends but not me ... Weirdo
#WhenBlackFolksThrowAParty it's gon be some dominoes or spades being played
Dear Santa, next year can I have more sleep for Christmas.
off of work.. its hot. Its on!!
Please bring your gently used #coats by our warehouse for the campaign
9/11/01:That day will never be forgotten whether it's a day later, or a decade later. Rest In Peace to all the lives lost. God Bless the US
Reminded of just how good a songwriter Nicole Nordeman is...
Uncanny Canine
Can you point me in the direction of the Wedge criticism grounded in advanced stats?
No house elves, no dish faeries. Only a husband cooks like the guy in the GE commercial. And me.
awesome! those are so cool! Did you pick some up?
I'm just saying its fine by mee
Thanks for the RT!
We're just getting started over here, spinning your favorites al night long!!
& I got to deal with it.
Brantley is just not meant to play football.
call me! Ill tell you everything :)
Wow, there's a long stretch of causeway between 11 years hard time and 80 hours community service.
Rihanna has a problem with keeping her hair one colour... rs.
Are you sure that isn't the line for Burger King?
When a new book is published, read an old one. Samuel Rogers
can i please get a follow back <3
Damn Michelle Oboma is fine, Prez got my vote just cause he got good taste
San francisco international airport!!!
Search Engine Optimization (SEO) or Pay Per Click Advertising ...
Seven days without love makes one weak..
Damn Peyton Hillis smh.... the video game cover curse is real
Just got nauseous. T-Sizzle out for the season?!?
the boy is his, from his first (?) or second marriage. I don't think she has any children from her first marriage.
if you want bieber updates that you never know follow me.......
“: Raisin cookies that look like chocolate chip cookies are the main reason i have trust issues” land mines!!!
Gettin' down to business at Starry Nights!
Puppets, puppets everywhere, without an original thought to think... #followthepartyline it's easier than using your mind.
#Thanks for the #Follow!
Will do, although my editor might disagree come April 30th.
Check out that groupon for today
do you have to be repulsively ugly to be a model for your ads? if so, i think i might have a new career. let me know. thnx
did a couple of hours ago. Got a couple more interviews in. Taking a snack/aspirin break now then back to the diss
Thank you for sharing your insight into social media with us & our partners across the state. Very helpful for CAPM planning
Daily Tip: Report all crime to the police even if it is only an attempt. Crime cannot be prevented if it is not reported.
RT : I have NEVER been so happy to hear Boogity Boogity Boogity, I'll probably complain about it next week
umm yes that show has been dead since rosci stepped on the stage!!
Restlessness and discontent are the first necessities of progress. ~ Thomas Edison
17 straight! Looks like the team is peaking at the right time.
Ok so I'm getting ready to head into the studio to make clients fabulous but 1st gonna grab something to eat
:) i am kinda happy again :) lol
I need my daily dose of Brooke the BAMF.
I was defending him, Adam. Pun intended.
Thanks to our sponsors ! We appreciate your support!
Thanks! RT : #FF to , for her insights on last night's and this morning on
RT : Thanks for the serious @ replies to tweets that are obviously jokes, guys. Everyone on Twitter really appreciates those.
The amount of tweets about women cooking is making me so happy right now.
W can't they simply suppress them?
If anyone wanted to put ins co's out of biz, they'd have passed public option or single payer. Too late for that, maybe someday
"Gelato isn't vegan?" "Milk and eggs, bitch."
At a restaurant in ohare airport a woman just took a coffee mug full of wine to go
Just finished watching "Without Bias" Life is so fragile... and sometimes you don't get an opportunity to bounce back from a bad decision.
#LongBeach business of the week goes to for keeping our community healthy. Great work!
I know! I try to hold myself back from cockiness until it's all over ;)
70? Lmao u don't know
Too soon to know Karl. Sorry.
FOLLOW THIS GIRL SHE IS THE BIGGEST MAHOMIE IN MIAMI
Finishing up a fantastic dinner So many great flavors and textures! Can't wait to come back!
I don't know how people can live by themselves... It's so depressing. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
lol, I think my last one turned out a little too much like an elf. Thats my bad!
Thanks for the follows!
lemme know if you're still there.
#ThingsThatGetMeUpset vampire head
Rage makes it hard to concentrate on code.
this site is really really good. thanks a lot!
I know right Netflix = Epic
hhahah all I have is strawberry! Gosh that sounds so good though!
We Buy Ugly Houses Declares Vacant Homes Detrimental Unoccupied homes cause major issues for everyone in the neighborhood. Dallas, Texas
How ironic. That's what the AL East has been telling our team all season. RT : ...I just told to "F*** himself"
Difficult to Elect? Who are you speaking about ? Surely, not
good morning to You too!
I am a blackberry fan, do you think that RIMM bounce back???
actually, he was CAUGHT at broadway and Michigan. So you're right, that copy read incorrectly. Will clarify. Thanks!
All love shifts and changes. I don't know if you can be wholeheartedly in love all the time. Julie Andrews
hm, you sound a little guilty to me...
sounds like you're an expert. Hate to admit I've not yet eaten at Matyson.
We need to whip these blondes into shape. RT : your legs are NOT broken!!!!
Our web site is now up-to-date with all forthcoming shows for 2012, and we're still booking! See you tonight in Dayton? :)
I am annoyed by the new Google Reader Layout. All this white space and no definition between line items sucks.
Breathless by Asking Alexandria
Nice.. RT : It's HAPPY HOUR til 6PM! 2 for 1 beer and well shots. Come drink up Halifax!
Feeling the love. Thanks!
For Leap Day, we are cleaning JUMPsuits, for free! Bring em in, to EcoClean, 2915 Gualalupe, til 7 pm
Giants or Patriots?
Oh, look,... I have 3 friends so far,...and I like them all!
“: One of my favorite Wisco prep coaches! RT Good to see legendary Bob Hyland gunning for another state title.”/ Legend!
hahahaha so true.
FRIENDS 3 of 10: Friends are those rare people who ask how you are and then wait to hear the answer.... So anyone who CARES is a Friend...
best one i seen so far lmao
I'm good..$finna check out this hairshow bronner bros...
PLEASE FOLLOW ME, I LOVE YOU WITH ALL MY HEART
Kurt Vonnegut said the same thing 50 years ago. Time to give woman their shot at running things. Men have made a mess of it
Have free pass to museum of natural history that expires tomorrow! am sick :(
Omg. Who would pay those prices for those dresses? Are they going ice skating?
#VA works like nation but not exactly: less jobs in manufacturing and trade, transp & utilities and more in prof & bus svcs
Huge work event tomorrow. Both computers are playing dead. Fml. Seriously wondering how anyone accomplished anything before the digital age.
WI LB Chris Borland: "nothing says "union thug" like a upper middle-aged elementary school teacher pushing her granddaughter in a stroller"
there was cake on the counter!
Groups prepare Reagan home for season
Late dinner tonight.
how about the bulge?
First step.... Check !
Good Morning... Happy Sunday *fun-day*
“: Beanie Wells is running like they traded him to the Redskins at halftime. #Birdgang #snarklife” funny!
#musesocial see u all online
In Chicago :)
hahaha I wasn't the one that said it!
Perkins goes into the #ROC graveyard alongside Bon-ton, McCurdy's, Big Boy's, & Krispy Kreme.
The media sells an idea & whether it is the truth or a lie people believe it. This is how the population is being controlled.
If you were a President or a leader of a country, what changes would you make?Why does anyone want to be a President of a country?
The Wildcat House is officially closed. That's so sad. Even my ma hung out there when she was young. Tucson, you have no soul.
Done, Tues evening? I saw the case ingraving, looks awesome!
Only when I'm backseat riding in my moms truck<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
“Being successful at IUPUI is all about pursuing your likes, interests, & the things u are good at.”–Jillian Conley, Jr in School of Nursing
Night of bullshit dreams + 'don't dream it's over' stuck in my head. What the fuck is wrong with my brain
Thanks for participating! RT : Live streaming the parlor from Ted talks at school w colleagues
Thanks for the tweets!
Happy Weekend to all our followers! Still havent finished your #Christmas Shopping? Visit us today #Phoenix #Paradise Valley Mall
thanks! Looking forward to your #ssms12 session and the book!
Perfect. I should stop doubting the relevance of that presentation then :) S'all good!
Feel free to upload photos of your favorite holiday traditions, we'd love to see them!
Had the opportunity to take a shift at work tomorrow. Decided to take the day off and enjoy the Timbers game instead. For my sanity.
That was a fantastic 5 minute storm. Everyone can calm down now
I had not. Did you invent twitter 10 years ago? :) (I like the blog, thanks for pointing it out!)
thanks all brief visit tonight #momeochat have fun!
Gassy vamps?.. amusing. ;) Though knowing Don's sense of smell.. I hope you gave him a wide enough berth.. for HIS sake! ;OP
Happy 4th of July !
I love when people lie just shows how amazing of friends they are!
to me you get more beautiful everyday<3
RIP #Knut! So sad.
Unfortunately not. :(
lol im afraid the ladies are gonna come kill me :(
Fernando Torres is back.
word sounds good
's favorite flowers are white roses.
RT AND follow back? please follow
RT : looks like a great night to catch a Portland Beavers game at PGE Park. only 7 more home games, in
Do you know what to ask your lender for before giving him/her any money?
Breakfast is one of the most important meals of the day, it gets your metabolism moving- Grab a shake and get moving.
Im convinced the 14's dont know what a practice uniform is.
I finally popped in and there was your message. Very sweet :) TY
Yep, 2d-day ledes are diff today than 20 yrs ago, when I started out. We have to think 2d-day lede for print right away thx to web
Hardly anyone actually notices the ground they walk on. We were meant to fly.
Artists u don't need all them Dick riders on stage. Most of them serve no purpose. They won't even promote for u they just Dick riders
Really wish I was at the #Reds home opener today!
Glad You Came - The Wanted/One Thing - One Direction MASHUP (Teen Hoot E...: via
Happy Birthday!
Jason smith wants to play for the Mavs so bad he even scores for us.
Tell me more...
Attending a presentation on caching for MS AppFabric. Not bad, but it wants new Windows, no Vista or earlier.
I leave for L.A. in one week! #packing is
Enjoying some #Tcho hot chocolate with a touch of Bailey's
...or would you save at least 80% for an emergency fund and/or build something meaningful for the next generation?
Great game 1 between the Mavs and Thunder!
ok gotta see whats happening on craigslist
Damn you FFIX that bullshit gameover was straight out of a Shin Megami Tensei game... Level 5 Death is NOT COOL.
CRASH: Kelly @ Water, backed up across Ross Island Bridge onto Powell
If you really want to get a lot of good work done, keep "King of Queens" on in the background. You will experience unparalleled focus.
Thank you so much for the RT and the referral.
My tummy is not to right .
#boomsticks position playing a part with that punt
thanks Marco!!!
hehe nope, entrepreneurship!
Thanks for the RT! Much appreciated!
#MOBConf you are not lame...
Fifteen variations on a simple theme, m'dear. #oprah's legs are not
Something is better than nothing.
For day parking head to the Rich Conv Center Garage @ 3rd & Marshall $6 and you can stay all day.
Its nice this morning
if tru vry INTERESTING NH Senator blocked me from f0llwing her -my senator- 4 saying she couldn't make her case
RT "Conflict is the nature of duality. Resolving conflicts is the nature of wholeness." ~ Deepak Chopra
Twitpic RT : Six Flags today with and company... im dressing like a hoochie lol all on Sunday
ask gelie to do it. She has pw. Something like join our frds at amfi in celebrating dgna comeback
im so bored, home with my Dad :\
Apparently the site is suffering new year's lag. Hope to have this resolved quickly. Sorrys.
#WarriorDash this sunday. Can't wait!!
Remember the time used dice rolls / rpg rules to quit smoking? I forget how that turned out, actually.
Heading to Leadership Institute in AM, if servitude is beneath you then Leadership is above you!!
Had me worried for a minute. RT : lol I wouldn't go that far
In darkness she is all i see.
Let's go KC Chiefs!! F those raiders
I use the capsules but might try the butter oil blend for better value. Capsules are great though!
Time machine says my backup will take 1,337 days. Hm.
if our athletics could bond on their own we could improve facilities. We aren't ever going to win sec but we can compete
I know I'm supposed to find solace in your joy but u only replied out of spite so I hope your cup overflows & is over-brewed
Today in 1958, Dr Åke Senning implanted the first internal heart pacemaker at the Karolinska Institute of Stockholm.
if you wanna get down, down on the ground;
thanks for helping Kyle out with that. Can't wait for the #rw24 this year! #MKE , I'm comin' home!
#Audibles Will T.O. be one and done in Cincinnati?
Hopefully Vladdy comes back to the league
“: Cowgirl boot shopping with my wife and daughter...hopefully they get matching boots haha”>> Get me a pair haha
I love my girlfriend.
who wants to take the bday girl to breakfast??
just saw Think Like a Man, hilarious... glad I got a good one! <U+2764>
How's your mother? Oh, she's on her way out. We all are. Act accordingly.
#EveryoneHasThat1Friend That Makes Awkward Moments
dunno. readers appvisory?
City-wide magazine team meeting today! Working on #HEALTH edition. Then joining Mothers Day dinner at The Venue.
Garnett's Pick<< 's pick in his afro.
cant wait for college football to start
On my way to L.A., looking out the rear view as the roads fade away ...
That doesn't sound healthy. Unless you mean red bull. But that wouldn't be good either.
Swag RT : They Keep asking me how do i know what new songs are out, i say i go and look at one of mixtapes Lol
5/14 - For the 8:05 PM show at Comic Strip Live NYC, coming to the stage: Ray Ellin
"I feel pretty Oh so pretty I feel pretty and witty and bright"
Are White Sox fans booing the #Royals because they just scored two runs with two outs?
You PayPal button doesn't seem to be working on the site?
Will write another study... But working on a book for now :)
Happy Thursday ! Good Luck tonight...
Happy Monday. 4 readers out there. Want a copy of "When God Talks Back". the evangelical relationship with God. email
what special dishes will you showcase at #MamasDay2012?
Is this the greatest job in the world or what?
jomo is on smackdown and dam he is hot.
but it's party time sunday & re cooperation monday lol
EXACTLY!!!! Hahaha that baby needs to pop out already hahah
Productive day today! Booked 3 fashion shoots, and one high end condo shoot- Maybe now I can leave the apartment- HA!
you are lovely in every way! so nice to see you and hope to see you again soon around and elsewhere!
i cant deny that you're hilarious.. but the man? eh thats debatable. hah
“: Single life is like the shit!.!.! It's like 100% my way, what I want. I'm finally number one for once! #ohyeah”
watching the bay 101:)))))
Heh. Mine doesn't work well either. But figured it was a moot point. :-)
"March, march, march march!!!"
Newmatic just finished-awesome band imo!! 3 more!! Who's gonna win?? They set the bar pretty high! Bring it!
slushies and vodka slushies and vodka. because im like 14? still excited. RT 7-11: the best thing to ever happen to the Hill.
Byu football hey I had a friend from high school play football for them. . Thx for the follow
Looking forward to hearing from
soon that will come true!!
Nothing can stop hinder or delay your faith when you stand firm for your promise from the word. DON'T GIVE UP?
Many thanks to Erin Eberle for being part of the \'spek-<U+02CC>e-ze\ Facebook Fan club!
discovered that gem via
Rt “: be around." Fam, I'm in the clouds!
Clean clothes...yep
: RT this if you love your phone case. What is it? D30 case for Amaze4G
lol you're hilarious
So glad! I'm a big fan of all things CBC (especially Diversity), but I've always been curious if twibbons work!
I will be on Martin Bashir Show Live today at 3:30 p.m. MSNBC
confirms #HouseOfCards will be shooting at their Calvert Street offices in April! Drama will shoot in #Baltimore &
You guys were amazing! I have to say, made my day to see you and Masi back on TV - if only for a day lol.
I throw ice at people who need to chill out
You're not very convincing.
If you're dumb enough to get caught once... You probably should stop NOW.
Shat Ap! Just kidding
I feel like one day I'll be able to do Zero's lightning loop, then the next day I completely lose it. I don't know why I'm so inconsistent!
Need a bike? Just got one here for $100 -- weather's going to get better soon -- check it out!
At the #ASPchicago12 conference will be an interesting experience to see the association key note speakers
In Ft. Wayne with to support our guys & Good day of basketball ahead.
no problem Jim. Could you follow back please ? Thanks buddy
Good for you! Mine was so dreadful, I don't think I ever want to look at it again, regardless of soundtrack.
Watching "Walk The Line" with my boyfriend.
Buahahaha. This made me laugh out loud and scare the cats.
Sunday's World Cup Soccer Lineup: (9:15am - Serbia/Ghana) (11:30am - Germany/Australia LIVE) (2pm - Algeria/Slovenia)
mkkayy quit tryin to act gay and get me to "play" with you.
Dang! Metta might as well bring the whole team down! Asshole!
The day my Son hits a girl he won't have hands the next day
how are my Twitter Friends Doin I havemt Been on this thing been busy
I'm so excited for this weekend at the ER <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
MindFirstFitness Corporate Wellness Initiative, Fri., Oct. 17th on Wall St...
My marchand is back!!! LET'S GO BRUINS!!! <3
hope the pictures are looking good :-)
#Mandown..........Rhianna is talented how could you not like her.....your crazy if you dont
Diablo I launch icon, stop tempting me you vicious bastard.
If in the craziest of worlds, Jets get Peyton, where does Sanchez end up?
Finish STRONG!
Each year, the Alper JCC Jewish Book Festival welcomes the finest scholars to what has become one of the premier book fairs in the nation.
Speak English or Die! From a massive heart attack...
if you still need a volunteer site, I might have one for you. DM me
that's almost like saying that some people don't know how to use a rotary phone :-). Who uses depo slips anymore?
Seriously gonna cry. I look so ugly. Fml.
Your secret is safe with me...and the twitter population ;)
They actually *aren't* okay with VS! It was banned there, as were a ton of others. Censorship still runs rampant in Germany.
(c) loving you is what I was trying to do <3
What's the best way to reach you to talk about your social/digital strategy at LN? re: FB Calendar app and other integrations
Let it happen naturally.
"I think that instinct, that storytelling instinct, rescued me most of my life." Armistead Maupin, born on this day in 1944.
u called it. // METRO BROADCASTERS Americana KHYI/HOWE, TX weekend personality JOHN MURPHY has exited. CONN LARSON takes over.
We're recording this afternoon and evening Anyone want to bring by some Grey Owl?
Responded to FIRE @ 755 Est 232nd Street, Bronx, NY 10466. Red Cross auto update.
Play some damn defense dallas
What a crappy day Today. It ended with a nice conversation with a great friend! :). Tomorrow is a new day & it better be good - dammit!!
That face u make whn u get poked in the eye &look lik a pirate for 30 seconds...
Nikon fiscal year operation profit seen rising 39 percent: Nikkei
- I am on the board of Fantasy Sports TA (fsta.org) would love to get Fanvibe involved in the June conf. in SF. Any interest?
Anyone in PB have alcohol they'd like to share? :)
you know I'm down just say the word lol. I think it would be tight to have some kinda get together. :-)
Omg mrs.cameron gave the whole philosophy class gifts that is SO sweet
: Bent with 5 goals thus far this year close to making it 5 players in last 5 seasons with 6+ goals in EPL.
I already played Jimmy Connors this morning.
Due to the length of this golf broadcast there will be no 5PM newscast. See you at 9/10PM.
im not tryna start drama honestly I am just tryna resolve it Alison ......
Thank god I stayed home today #sick <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7>
I watching now on TV
Fly over states.
I just hope January Jones didn't get big in real life.
One who should be afraid re: Gregg Williams quotes: Drew Brees. I'd send the house and yell those quotes at him all day.
Excellent idea!
youre welcome Antonio
that's a good feeling!
Siri is amazing
such a small world of Black scholars...
Temp work is also a good place to start. That is how I landed my position that I am in now. You just have to be creative
So many little people running around the office! Cuties.
Your maturity level is awesome. The only problem is, is that your 18 not 4.
You can call me that if you like, LOL!
My dream Presidential ticket is Tom Coburn and Bernie Sanders. (Shout-out to Buddy Roemer). Am I nuts?
Sorry, what's the question? Also, who operates this one? Would like to get in touch.
what is your favorite halloween costume that came to your door this year?
haha you know it, i think you got off easy, no jail time?
#FollowBack Video Director | Photographer | Graphic Designer
Jamie did the plank way before Justin Bieber he only did it three days ago Jamie did the plank May 17th
I am not a welcome mat
You don't need to do a "truth is" status like every week. Honestly.. Nobody really cares.
There's nothing wrong with wearing colorful socks. Just don't select something that will confuse you with a grade schooler
i dont got it set up
you guys are awesome. I had a really nice driver today.
POLL: My favorite local restaurant is _____.
hahaha Austin. Is. Mine. Deal? :P you can have Alex... He told me he wanted you and to keep it a secret -.- lol
same thought I had with close to 1000
Now playing some of my fave locals! "2nd of Feb" by ENGINE DOWN
Just had a 5 year old tell me that "hot sauce" rhymes with "ball". As a firm believer that the [children are our future]... #HelpUsAll. Lol.
Sure lets talk? RT : re: giveaways if CEO be a guest speaker on achieve goals via social ntwrks
So far the Best Buy ad is the winner with the "Words with Friends" Alec Baldwin airplane reference.
Good morning to all the positive people in the world.
#LastTimeIChecked We're a Latina interest sorority, not Latina exclusive.
First problem of the day… solved. Took 4 minutes. There's no chance this will keep up.
is the cutest boy ever :) I miss you.
i've been pronouncing it one-q-eighty-four.
What it do! Lol. Happy Friday, man.
im sleepy
ALL ATTEMPTS FOR GETTING A HOT DATE TO COME TO THIS PARTY WITH ME HAVE FAILED
#Garnett's antics were awesome when he was good but now there just ridiculous.
yup you too, I don't trust women either lol
Hottest Coffee and Hottest solo diner.
I'll be gentle.
Give whatever you are doing and whoever you are with the gift of your attention. - Jim Rohn
Closed LONG $USDCAD for +2 pips profit; 2% of the community volume is trading the USDCAD with sentiment 18% SHORT
for #SMWNYC What is the future of TV in #SM land? with
Hi Byron, saw you on G+. Are you interested in a new Python job in King of Prussia, PA?
Wow...just wow.
Bio for panelists should have their name, title and twitter handle.
monday's always suck because everyone is waking up with a hangover
PickUpLine: I'd like to name a multiple orgasm after you.
Wonder if she has to pay for those?
was that the one they did a sytycd routine about cancer to? So good.
$25 for 1 month Unlimited boot camp ($150 Value)
I think fruit cakes r delicious in reality hee hee what a jerk that person is LOVE ME SOME CLAY!huge fan xo
Win a Brand New Vitamix Blender for your Glowing Green Smoothie via
gears of war yes
An episode of Workaholics in the morning gets anyone ready for a productive day at the office.
anyone in Muncie want to play some cornhole ?!
defense will be more attackinhbw New scheme n schedule is another thing. We also got a much easier schedule unlike last yr
I could never ride my wheelies as a kid I'm so ashamed lol
I am surprised I don't get let go for my lack of production when she is doing this.
I want ah girl that takes my mind off of every other girl nd the bull shit life puts me threw,
Don't miss this #Midwest! : Hey #TurboKick lovers in #Chicago, instructor/pro training on 3/4. 6 days left 4early bird rate!
slow day in the office...might just cut out early! Happy Friday y'all
I think I just ruin it great. Owell moving on
about time to do some inventory with
ESPN reports Jackson needs to step it up to reach October; still no Brewers coverage.
Yo i'm dead
I wonder if #Messi is under the weather. This is DEFINITELY NOT like him.
#TRUTH I got you
Lady Antebellum are doing Lipton tea commercials now. I guess their career is over or something.
happy to help coach!
How could you think this would go down so easy? Your words are misleading, blinded by the glare from the spotlight. Now you're fiending.
Yes, I totally understand! & I are very excited! Ariel better come!
night night :)
Woo! I look forward to getting even more mail! This has been kind of fun, actually.
Yes, and write/perform/record a musical about newsies going to see NEWSIES on the way. Please and thank you.
I am in love with New York City.
Can we take a moment to put the overly active Facebook users on blast?
“: hey now. I worked at fosters freeze all the time I was in college. :-)” / actually happy they are NOT related!
My twitter crush is...
me too but I have a deadline and couldn't make it bummer but I wanna meet up soon too
Two things I love: living in walking distrance from south and their Dona sauce.
you should have hit that snooping lady with an eyeful of lemon party! haha
The fact that people left right after the 9th inning is more disgraceful than Padres fans booing Heath Bell.
O Fuck I Have Religion Today Shit
oddly enough, I was on that page when you tweet came across... started digging through the code to find a "shoot" command.
please follow me Jasmine!!!
Shore HAPPY Line NEW Drive YEAR!!!!
What a win!!!! Amazing #4Super Saver. So proud!
Time for me to get ready for school....
#2011icf #4: embrace the unknown: stay present, embrace paradox, harmony comes from balancing of opposites
girl u cray
try in the shell dry roasted peanuts and suck the salt off of the shells. That salt will kill anything you got.
ha, Andy can't think that is good promotion, doesn't even
We found Possible BF3 screenies. Check it out. BF3Nation.com
Yes!! RT: : but, can we still be friends? RT: : agreed RT: this place will not be the same w/o
i like instagram
Means we use must be as pure as the ends we seek.-Martin Luther King, Jr.
I would've voted for Reagan but Repubs of those eras were entirely different animals then
As contributors to social media, it is our responsibility to protect the reputations of our friends. Be careful what you post.
I need your phone expertise please. I have Sprint, torn between galaxy nexus (I think its called) & iPhone 4s. Your opinion.
Hasn't Logan Thomas already risen like that?
RT : Just two days until 's come to #Newark for Opening Day!
Just realized, because of her tee shirt, that our new teen volunteer is a #nerdfighter! That made my entire night.
i love my new queen size bed i got from for my christmas present :)
From my horoscope for Oct:"Uranus will send a wonderful person on your path. Accept love!" I wonder what else my anus has planned for me?
Sweet! Thank you! That's one! It all starts with one! :-)
#Rampage win again. I like the sound of 4POINTS but 6 is better.
Get me the frig out of this car
Good Job and at winning their tennis matches!
Being interested instead of interesting and making people "feel felt" are two simple ways to influence anyone in #marketing, #startup,
Good Morning to you too ! When is the next time you will be making a visit South Florida?
Nice to meet you Michie!
I'm a Man Girl. "I do 85 mph from the Poconos with a miniature Pincher in my lap I'm a Man Girl."
Today while drinking coffee I once again realized that I really don't like coffee.
2012? Bad? As in infected? Oxidized? Other problem?
You have so many other things to live for. See you tonight?
I think pretty much everyone wants shawarma these days...
Love my kids.
Blasting Some Bachata AT Home. AHH Hello SUmmer 2012(:
“: If you give a girl a marker, she will draw a heart.”
i wanted to cry, my mom was there.
what kind of phone do you have? I use my iPhone for everything. Theres an app called twitbird. It's very easy to use
marriage class? RT : Pre test party in marriage class
11-7 that's a workin man's day
hahah yeah I liked the star wars bit - wasn't expecting that
This. RT : TR Tsipras: Our enemies do not wear hoods; they wear ties and they are in offices
good to hear!! we are very close to releasing the first set of shirts! They will be limited so you will have to act fast ;)
finally fixed google chrome!
Thanks for the follow. Looking forward to your tweets.
There is a difference between giving up and knowing when you've had enough.
Aw you are so sweet, Merry Christmas chica:)! I put a Christmas vid up for everyone:)! Hope you love:)!
is an awesome show to watch to check you on your finances! Especially for the ladies :)
Yea I got a 2 liter of coke I'll be here for a while....
Morning!! :)) You should have some Pomegranate for breakfast.
l want a marlins snapback!!
Awesome, so glad your son enjoyed the interview! We will let you know as soon as we have the video edited!
email us please, and we'll have someone reach out to assist
MIKE 'MIKE "THE BEST" ROSS" ROSS
Finally finished my hair! Why it took me 3 hours is beyond me
craving chocolate all day today! Maybe I should get some #Hanukkah gelt
You see who your true friends and family are when your down !
Why thank you! #ff back at ya! :-)
Fabulous Friday! Buy something special for yourself...maybe some 67 shoes :)
it's on like donkey kong. Lets start to share the tweets :)
My days aren't complete when the things I plan don't happen.
Stopping by your store tomorrow better get some XXL #townbiz tees ready haha.
Just Shattered! My Phone! Smd where can I get my screen fixed.?
#aln2011 Shameless plug: come hear about UCF's Online Faculty Readiness Assessment, Effective Practice winner @ 10:40 Asia 1.
Omg Had A Hell Of A Night Got Locked Up For Fighting
You can't have a relationship without any fights, but you can make your relationship worth the fight.
I thinks we all know which one wins out. Plus, who said you can't do both?
lmao that just reminded me of the fake Michael Jordan commercial
"Violet your turning violet. Your turning big like a balloon." "No big like a blueberry" hahha Willy Wonka and The Chocolate Factory
Judge Payne: For many years we have been at the mercy of bad, inaccurate data. Our new system is changing this.
Sick day in bed is ok when you have to watch! Addicted? Yes. <3
10 hours of battery, nice!
good luck today...you get that pic I printed out
Can anyone else imagine how horrific it would be if it was actually 'Raining Cats and Dogs'? Never really understood why that was a saying.
The Morgan Freeman interview was one of your best!! Next Clint Eastwood together w/ Morgan would be interesting!! I'm waiting!!
my dad is probably the most accurate, on-time person ive known
Those are awesome! Exactly what I'd expect from a "rock 'n roll" chef.
Why is it no matter how many announcements are made, someone is always still on the 2nd floor after closing announcement
Artists depend upon their fan base to continue making a career of their music!
My son also has a CHD. He has TOF.
LOL!!! Ok ok my ushers give tissue too! LOL
I feel high AF rite now in science class
hahaha well, should have written "if you want to feed your hunger", not quench it ;-)
Being called beautiful will forever make my day (((:
Happy birthday to the two loves of my teenage life, and
Aaron Rodgers was ranked #1 on the NBC sports' NFL top 100 players list this year. Tebow gets my vote.
First book draft = 150 pages, single-spaced. 7 chapters. Over 85,000 words. Contains all the experience from the past decade of my life.
that's all u can do
“My favorite poem is the one that starts 'Thirty days hath September' because it actually tells you something.” ~ Groucho Marx
and I actually do like the lakers.. And text me
Your faith was strong but you needed proof
s/o to How you been? Let's chat soon.
Lost my dear friend Charlie Prazma to a heart attack 2day. Most talented guitarist and kindess person. A true loss
I love that one! Used it last on new years. I need to bust it out again! Thanks for the reminder :)
Why must you be so dang cute? #Crushin <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
thnx for the shouout. hope to see you at
What we on for the summer???
I guess he doesn't care anymore either.
And it is so! High life and some lake front beer!! For our #mondayfunday sausage!
Thanks to you as well! Of course we play GoW3! Is that your favourite game?
need more bronco research. Qb interesting choice 6'7" and has an arm.
does that stuff stil exist?
Tell me what it ain't or what it is, I can handle it.
Salad? This word is not computing...
who are some of you're favorite bloggers?? =)
#RumpusRoom T-minus 2hours and counting till #beer dinner so looking forward to it.
why are so many people tweeting me? im not cody :p
I can wait a hour
if we send chevy's and fords they could have a huge demolition derby & charge admission -Gladiator style and raise capital that way!
Hm widespread thunderstorms, guess canoeing on the Potomac with is not the best idea ever:(
A moving single-lane closure WB Beltline from I-39/90 to Fish Hatchery Road from noon to 2 p.m. for emergency maintenance work.
hey how old Betty white
The Blake story about Tom shoes impressive and inspired. eCommerce is everywhere.
Thanks! You are so kind!
#TigerBeatLovesASW All The Way (:
Insomnia plus very sick to my stomach. Awesome.
thank you for following :)
everyone will be too drunk to care.
Pair the flicks and snacks: homemade blackberry vodka, homepickled onions, BBC Pride & Prejudice, Terminator 2.
I never noticed ..but The Hunger Games copied Julius Caesar the names..
Well, I’m officially under contract for book number two! This time around I’ll be taking a look at the First Battle of Deep Bottom. Woot!
holy crap I get the shakes everytime I see that infomercial. Takes all I have to NOT buy it! On Wii-BRILLIANT lol!
Suck it Laker bitches
Mid-century Modern Lucite Vanity Bench 2124Used Mid-Century- benches for bedroom
have you ever tried 5th street diner? Are they any good?
what's your name lil mama
Sounds great. Do you have anyone doing the marketing, distribution, promo, design, accounting for the release?
Man, estate sales, no matter how awesome the stuff, are totally depressing.
do you a problem with the way I live my life?
Fallow me on twitter ;)
Who wouldn't want to read a stoner comedy novel about illegal immigration starring an overweight DJ named Juan "2.0" Gomez?
Padgett: How can students use these resources in a way that doesn't replace reading the text?
well stfu then punk ass
At Walnut Room to see
not at all. Everyone always remembers their first.
RIP Steve jobs
Do the good guys really finish last?
I'm amazed by how tender God can be. Supremely powerful, yet shockingly gentle.
#ColtsTeamDocsVIP contest about to close more than 20 entries already some great photos!
haha i forgot i was logged in as us and i accidentally followed ur friend instead of u at first
bout to see wat it do
#WeLoveLouisTomlinson <3 so glad he saw the TT :) we cant wait to hear the new album! :)
you took an important first step! Keep going, you will make great progress :)
gettin to this music was good bro
fyi: the comics are showing up as broken images on the site at the moment
There's no place like the Westminster.
I seriously wish I could be call to juror a case, if nothing else I would get great material for a 21st C court drama... a la Carlos Manuel!
#ILove5GaysBecause they always make me happy :)
Freezing my portuguese balls off! What happened to the weather?
we run a teen girls group! They're a lot of fun. Here's our website, it may help until we get the blog up...
My Team "The Fresh West" will be performing at Club Carnaval in Pomona, October 19th (Wednesday). Free entry under my guestlist. +21 andover
my love text me :,(
Yum! sounds good!
is amazing.
We will always be remembered. By someone out there. We are all special to someone.
Found my password again Im in LA for the week next week I will be in Ny then Miami until Christmas major meeting and running around to do .
I AM THE ONLY WASHINGTON CAPITALS FAN IN THE STATE OF MASSACHUSETTS. Prove me wrong.
#EBSCO is finally back up again.
Social Distribution - will redefine the market. Want to play a part?
Hello there. I follow you. Would you follow me? Thanks. Much love. I also speak Portuguese. :-) Dr. Spanish
I can't do anything without somebody tagging me or putting my picture on Facebook. It's irritating as fuck!
Today I am a sponge
im hoping she still be bending ova for ya by the time u got that, and she was and im great :D
With the 211 pick in the FSWA #FantasyBaseball Experts Draft I went with : Johan Santana
Senior Programmer Analyst – Orlando, FL 32802 | Veredus Orlando
Instagram is acting so dumb rn
Getting ready EVilla Saturdays w/ DJ Chris Brooks rocking great dance music. Chill music upstairs. Yep! 2 floors of music! Hookah!
The joys of cleaning! “: just found a $10 off coupon - cleaning your room really does pay off!”
I'm really looking forward to Christmas.
i always like reading your quotes
A good programmer is someone who always looks both ways before crossing a one-way street. — Doug Linder
Shooting a gymnastics tournament the next three days.
It's sad. Lots of creative people that want to get out there can't. I wish I could help them all. The world would much prettier if I could.
no kidding! is it going to become a Brett Favre story at start of every NBA season.."is he coming back one more time"
Who Has Kik Messenger?(:
Actually the word is "Experience" ... Excellent pres by
I was considering there...they're pretty expensive though, I thought.
Gonna live my life like a rockstar from now on.
like spine boarding and concussion mgmt stuff??
we are smoking right now, come?!?!??!
Man people r hilarious nowadays
LOL Hey loll
Why do people try to get you to sign a petition/joing a cause on LinkedIn? I thought it was for work/networking only.
I would LOVE to come tonight, but we have a kid/school thing. Next week definitely!
Thanks so much for RT!
Crazy thick afternoon fog here in Chicago, due to interaction between 90F heat and Lake Michigan. All beaches closed.
We like 'swanky'! Thanks! RT : Swankiest hotel choice we could have made. Night club starting Wed? Awesome.
show me the nicest girl in the world and i'll show you a guy that's tired of fxxking her
I forgot my password for this twitter im on my phone rite now i never logged out follow me at my new twitter!
More $$, but 30 yr lease. RT #Vikings will be asked to contribute $477m for stadium...more than they wanted.
Music wit a concept Big Reese "Deadbeat Dad" drops on Fathers Day
Some co-workers are watching the inauguration on the TV in the lunchroom. I prefer to watch it on the internet, where it's more futuristic.
gee i knew i wasn't going to get a ticket :-(
And yet we don't prioritize #a11y as a showstopping priority when building access to our resources.
what time will it Rio designer be announced? Special interest with Doak here at Denver's CommonGround
because you will see great results, keep up the hard work! I'll be joining you soon w BBL! Did you get #Shakeology as well?
Hi everyone, remember it's Day LIght Savings tomorrow! Make sure your DVR has been set to update for the Day Light Savings time change!
Don't forget about the meeting! See you in Ballentine at 6:30!
Sorry about the mix-up on the #gloverlover prize! An autographed copy of the Weirdo CD will be heading your way!
There better be a video of this craziness!
So excited to see #Learn2Bmbt and be in the Tweet Seats!!
Thanks Tom, we can't wait to get you a stage! 7 days to go!
Ready for a True Blood marathon with Natalie! Yes!
Yankees win!!!!
“: I love how you act like gym class is the Olympics. It's so inspiring.” this sounds like ! Haha!
Looking to buy the Playmobil set #4403. New. Anyone ?
it's like the butterfly effect.
yeah you ain't that crazy lol
Had a great night meeting with energized voters in a community on ColoSpgs west side. Many new supporters joining out team!
Hello how are you on today. This is SOLO XQUZIT saying hello
i love you too ;) but seriously...
they are good arent they?
Awww ill be there in a little :) RT : At sofis school- Mothers day breakfast<3 <3
probably get replaced by some reality show #gagme at least it is
#iJustLoveItWhen someone cooks breakfast for me.
Because that's the guy to listen to.
Tweet of the century. RT : I think watching or hearing about football today is not good for my heart.
well said
Now this is really pretty:D
how did you work your way into Armstrong... come back to Duq. where we also close most things before 10 :-)
The Mobtown Ballroom would like to officially denounce everyone competing for the republican presidential nomination.
Saturday and i dont got nothin to do :'((((
probably got the guitar stuck and can't get out.
I love soccer. But common man watches poker to see how pros play their hands.
Exactly. Glad I'm not alone! RT : Agreed!! Also, I'm constantly correcting people that a proper ellipsis is 3 dots.
Oh, you're mad.
Happy Birthday to my queen! I love you Momma J!
haha!! even closer to my house..we go to Jens fairly often! : )
We turnin up
Bubbles knew what was going on!
thanks. We missed you
Rain, rain, go away... Summerlin Art Walk is this weekend!
I'll follow you with sparkles so it looks like SPACE!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
You're welcome :) Looking forward to seeing you at the class. Did you notice the updated location?
“: when will our Drunk History be aired?” Can't wait until "the cross" goes public.
No worries. :) What sort of writing can you do/do you want to do/will write for food? :)
i agree with everyone else roy was mr clutch!
well done
Got any models of Renewable Porfolio Standards (RPS) in the States stand out in being most effective?
Check out the latest website developed by Ascedia through the beCause Program: Selectabilities.com and join your community!
Happy #EarthDay Denver! Now get outside and enjoy it!!
#hiring Outside B2B #Sales Reps in the #Tampa & #Vero Beach area 1+yrs. quota driven sales exp. send resumes to !!
saw it. Pretty good!
now a new report says there was a winning ticket sold! Oh well, have fun on your cruise!
!!!!!! I hear you're headed home
Yes!RT : Why is visual studio support for powershell so rubbish? Vs express should be a core tool to any win admins.
Is that the same as "I"? RT : You could be generous and round them up to a solid "F" from a "Not Even Worth My Time".
Ill make it erp n jerp.
Right?! So is my music go listen :)
Great blog - keep up the good writing and sharing!
R u going to be at affiliate summit? RT : I have been in the dating space for 12 + years
i know i'm sposed to be on politics but jim just asked chrissy to marry him on love and hip hop... collective aww.. now back to iowa
"( no phone call yet
Thanks! Nice to meet you!
U aint hear he got the job as a butt pirate RT : appreciate it, how yo gig treating u
My favorites singers are Selena Gomez and Demi Lovato and Justin Bieber
who is ray bates?
#Caponization is swiftly becoming a lost art.
Sending up major prayers for the sick and shut in....
Ths Class About To Be Over !
bout next week?
Hearing bout all this dre and snoop secret performances makes me hope they bring pac out!
The video will likely be up soon lol
Can't lie. Got a little teary-eyed when he threw out the first pitch this year at Yankee stadium
Cheering on FH Boys & Girls Club 'youth of the year' James Grubb FH High School Senior at Scottsdale regional evening.
In ATL on my way to FL. Flight slightly delayed, but so far, so good!
Team RI vs Team NJ tonight at 1130pm at Winner moves on to the finals during the LA Imrov Fest
The Royals have won two in a row!
The new season of Punk'd looks fooking sick! Mad props, bro! :)
Thanks so much! =)
saying hi To My New Followers -
yo hit me up ha
Sounds like another smash. Keep 'em coming!!
Thanks for RT love.
i accept obi-no hedgehogs
just like at tumbling! :) "we can eat bacon together!"
follow me ?(:
Follow me back
Not enough sleep and I'm tired, too much sleep and I'm tired... Should I just give up sleep altogether? Or become a zombie? Decisions...
Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goals. -Sydney Smith
I am crying in this movie! Seriously what kind of person could own a slave or Abuse someone because of color! We are all equal! God loves!
between that and your drunken dance moves... Ow ow
Steaks on the grill with while watches.
thank you so much to everyone who came out to the show tonight.. we had such a fun time. Love you!
Running at a slower pace at the start of your workout/race allows muscles and joints to warm up & gives you more energy at the end.
Supporting new music to the SCENE is essential to the life of MUSIC! Cd Palmer
Did you receive the holiday voxbox from ? What did you think about it?
Membership w/ finally complete! Next up advertising () I rec'd ur msg....Thanks. Will be in contact :)
Headed to UNCG today for our 3rd college tour of the week
Thanks for the link. Depressing, but damn I want some of those sweaters.“: Is your Target all out of Missoni? Check ebay."
asap rocky for president
Aye yoooo Dont forget. This Sat. 9pm Is the kickoff show for on 60mins of Clubmusic.Hosted by
celtics just did the damn thing... all up on some philly butt.... time for denver to turn it up and dig in on the lakers
Bye bye Memphis....
A promise is comfort to a fool...Don't promise me shit!
Run Away - is stuck in my head!!!
you've been so productive today, haven't you… lol time to start a new series!
lol no not really...
To me, some of these twitter DM scams resemble "hey kids, come on over into my car to get some candy" Really people??
that's right you need someone that's heading in the same direction and not apart.
Just RSVP'd 2 attend Norman Buckley Q&A @ my favorite acting teacher's plc. Wed.4/14:30PM Two Lights Studio.Luv h/sis 4 long time!who knew
That is so awesome, Amara! Haha. Congratulations!
Flies be trollin' in the deep. xD I think they hide in my posters or something and appear when I least want them.
Thanks for following me!
ah fuck..why am i so dumb like honestly
Goodfellas... Space Jam... Star Wars... Office Space... Hawks game... Too many decisions!
I usually hang out with older guys cause they're impressed when I can name all three three amigos.
oh thanks, ok. I will email it to you.
Good morning twit peeps giving thanx to the creator for another day in this realm now it's time to get on my grind
im home already duh wbu?
"just been workin' out 3 times a day. no big deal. yeeee"
follow him today
"You're never alone with a Smith & Wesson." Keith Richards in the early 70's.
So tired of this cough!
Still reeling from my grandmother's funeral where I met brothers and sisters I'd never seen. Same blood such different lives.
Finished Ben Winters "The Last Policeman" and can't wait to share it with everyone!
Gonna go and pick up my Sammy.(:
Watching the
Happy birthday MOM. Enjoy ur day
A wonderful book, cup of tea, and a cold rainy night makes for a wonderful night.
Cake cake cake
Tell! Tell! RT : I can think of 4 companies in Boston now, that if rolled up into one, would complete dominate
haha that was me, not him!
In the studio bout to get it in
No free music today matches getting a triple Clash album for $8.99 with full-sized lyrics poster
#20ThingsAboutMe Im a faithful person when it comes to my relationships.
I don't think the media should be in the feting business. Least of all because they're not good at it.
I think if it was possible Niall would marry Nandos.
Gonna be a whole new me. Sunday= Shopping day with my friends :D <3
Thanks Sean! Much appreciated!
"We can wipe out the law with a license agreement - make sure we wipe out the law in a good way." speaks much truth!
Hey you , hows biz/life
Derby 1224 w webster coming soon! Just finalized kitchen and bar layout. 36 taps!
Elizabeth Chamberlain
Designing the Jack Rabbit 60x96 Clamshell with heat for a special cutting and sealing application for plastic corrugated.
Im choosing to work because this child is MY responsibility, no one elses. How dare I use others like that?! I won't!
#2 was hot also.
because your body knows it us peaceful, just give your mind a moment to catch on as well;)
12/28/2010 Blogs and Purchase Decisions [CHARTS] Penn Olson Blog
Saying "hasta luego" to tonight. Lots of good work done this week. These new tunes will show growth and depth.
any caps fan saying racist things about ward, hand over your #Caps fan rights. You just lost them.
NEW SATURDAY SPOT! "CLUB ALLURE" 2224 ELM Downtown!3 Levels w/ 3 Different Vibes!BEAUTIFUL NEW CLUB!
that's kinda what I was figuring!!
amen. “: Today like most days I am thankful for group messages with and ”
And has more than five times the followers that I do. Consider me humbled.
Our love for BTR is endless.<3
Oh well
BIG thanks to our friends from Wells Fargo #Sacramento for volunteering today!
also no a man
Interesting b/c I heard the CEO of GM answer a question about GM support 4 Heartland last week and it was clear he wasn't a fan
good look on your tweets my dude! people like you are helping this city out! thanks
WW Week has drifted right ward, but it started as a lefty rag.
I'm touched by comments to win your book on my blog. I'd love to give all a book. Thank you again! You're blessing many.
thx. Some of those international ex students may very well be older than u.
RT: “: Very sad news about death of Adam Yauch of Beastie Boys. RIP.”
I will be taking a break from Twitter for a little over a week. I'm going to some place else. Later. :)
Holtzman: remember that we try out these new technologies to empower, not to alienate. He asks how do we make sure the gap is small?
vinyl is and always has been where its at the best form of music The music game has been screwing themselves for a while
And that's why my google pic is a cyan-tinted MRI of my brain.
Voted "Best Free Air Conditioning & a Movie." Jury Duty. I'm already bored. My short attention span should do wonders for me today.
God will make a way out of no way.
Preparing my travel itinerary to Bahamas, in late August 2009, for a beachwear competition.
Quote of the Day: We love dogs because they show us how to live with utmost simplicity - Erica Jong, via
Phone=no battery. Me:"NO YOU WILL STAY ALIVE UNTIL I WANT YOU TO DIE."
Thanks! Can't wait for your second book either though. Read it one sitting. Couldn't out it down.
Being a pansy ass.
Rudy gay play like a lil bitch
watching nick @ nite
Thanks for showing respect for our IBEW brothers and sisters this day as well!
RT : Marion Barber, who made $26M despite no 1,000 yd seasons, has announced he will change his name to "Thank You Jerry."
: Thanks for the RT! Hope your week’s going well!
Dear Bronchitis, this just isn't working out for me. I'm sure you're really sweet, but you've moved too far too fast and it's uncomfortable
Playing my last two hour set on the Promenade in 10 minutes in front of the food court. Come eat McDonalds and jam with me!
A hundred hearts would be too few to carry all my love for you.
Happy Anniversary!
we will. no doubt in my mind. i like going crazy with you.
in NM org, family is defined as people living together sharing their lives. No other descriptors...cohabitating but that's it.
Spicy Chocolate flavor brightens even the darkest of days! A little chocolate, a little spice ...a lot of nice!
love you ST
Regeton < one of the reasons I hate cuban parties -_-
ha! i would either way. (:
If I can convince myself to clean the kitchen and living room, I will be allowed to sew. First cleaning, then sewing.
Damn & it's bad enough this is on a school day which you happened to miss. I wonder if your mom is gonna think that's the (c)
yay! Perfect weather for the wedding! “: Houston forecast: Breezy, beautiful weekend ahead: It is going to be a breezy, beautiful .."
“: They be talking some dumb shit!”
You've got anger issues.
The most beautiful thing we can experience is the mysterious. It is the source of all true art and science. Albert Einstein (1879 - 1955)
no thank you !
can't sleep. too ready for a weekend in vegas
Off to PJ's first piano recital!
There isn't enough emphasis on problem solving, critical thinking, and writing. Profs don't assign much writing.
I will most likely be busy writing a book, I'm afraid.
Plus, I'm not bikini ready yet. :) RT: “: That's always good. :)”
That Powerade commercial got me to giggle.
Consider your origins: you were not made to live as brutes, but to follow virtue and knowledge.~Dante Alighieri.
It ended up clouding over, but it didn't rain on us!
I'm starting a new job next week and could not be more happy about it.
you got to send me some music fam
Everyone and There Great Grandmothers are at the Mall
Got a lot done today. Sixth Block, I will own you.
Just curious: is there a law against naming your kids Senator or Governor or General, etc.?
This # nuggets team really makes melo look bad with efforts like this
OF COURSE.
"prohibit from requiring"=council not allowed to require (w/exceptions)=far different than ban.
Congrats to Ali - she got the tix to Sugarland tomorrow in Toledo...Canaan Smith is opening the show (wish I could go)
Just wait until Hannity finds out about this Jeremiah Wright story.....He ALWAYS knew there was MORE to this !!!
Yes! I have huge Prezi envy!
Only in Australia. A guy has brought a Lama with him (on a leash of course) to Starbucks :)
why don't they just jump? Never understood that.
Who's heading to Funkshion Fashion Week Miami Beach?
I want a gay best friend.
good morning.. wish you a fabulous one..
Love is like a booger. You keep picking at it until you get it, then wonder what to do with it. ~ Unknown
Venus and Mars.
can u ask her to play in traffic?
I can not wait till the summer. I'm gonna have so much fun!
" I love you Dawson! "
Love it! We love meeting fans. What a fun game and the fireworks were awesome. Happy weekend!
What is on Christina Aguilera's head??
T minus 15 to feat'g our very own Morgan Hartman! Live taste #saketips + more!
Thanks to everyone who helped support at the !
how is kool and the gang fags
Yeah I have to take chemistry so I'll be in buffalo! Don't miss me too much
he's just not spectacular and everyone else is better.
we stand corrected :) thanks for spotting that!
Riders be safe.
Raise your hand if you cried during the #DesperateHousewives series finale
Willie Mays missed 270 games in his prime by joining the Army. For every career stat he accomplished, he could have done even better.
too bad im gay ;D
Active Health Chiropractic - We realize that Chiropractic Care is new to many, so we will spend time with explaining what we do and why...
The Predators open up the second half with a scoring drive, a touchdown pass from Roper to Forse. The score gives Orlando a 48-18 lead.
I SPEAK FA' THE DEAD POET SOCIETY "PRESEVED!!!!" THEY WALK W/ ME!!!!
what the hell am i doing?
My review of Heather Murray's "Not In This Family" (, 2010) in the J. of the History of the Behavioral Sciences: bit.ly/nN7JJV
Looks what happens when you're in the air for two hours. Tebow gets traded and Sean Payton suspended for the year. Wow.
Everything is a foul
Perfect excuse to listen to the '98 #Cabaret revival on repeat :)
Chop It Up & Screw It....
hahaha that is awesome. and don't pardon the language!
is on with us right now discudiscussing her book! && we surprised her!!! radiokolamerica.com
An bhfuil #Gaeilge agat? I'm learning Irish at Notre Dame and would love someone to tweet with! Please respond! Go raibh maith agaibh!
Ever wanted to tag people in your database w/ a searchable snippet of info that you don't want in a user field? DM for more info.
Watching cow and chicken, XD
companies are people my friend. Sorry, couldn't help it. Love your tweets.
thanku so much 4 following me...
I tried to buy an xb12 two weeks ago. Got no love from the dealer :(
Critics already giving props to
Happy Birthday
Radar is my dawg
I'm going to their show in like 2 wks in la
LeBron James is finished writing his autobiography. Unfortunately, we will never read it since he still needs a title for it.
Big ups to ! Be on the lookout for big savings with and in the upcoming weeks!
it ruled. Excited for single player
word.. saw that.. #holygeez sounds like a party
do you guys wanna start doing trivia at Blackthorn
Yea, Biggest article on the front page. I'm holding back on the twitter but please, CMF is a big deal to many of us.
Anyone know of any good #XML tutorials? I'm getting a little option paralysis traveling the interwebs.
Cheap wine tastes like sangria...but they didn't mean to make sangria. But it's still booze.
On March 3, 1882 Helen Hunt Jackson arrived in San Diego
big congratulations to you and !!
Sampling #Bossypants at my sister's recommendation. Random choice for a med student with no interest in entertainment. Did you like?
Late Night Thoughts
Santa is in Nuuk, Greenland right now ;D
We are heading to OT here at the X! Breck and SSP locked in a 2-2 tie.
back from a run; pace of 9min miles isn't bad in this heat.
Chilln wit sum indians
well now that my bracket is ruined (#bracketbuster), time to sleep then head to cleveland for OSU vs. UTSA and G.Mason vs. Nova.
"Looks like S is BSing as B"
We probably passed each other on the road! I'm flying back to Indy out of Houston on Sunday.
I will try again... Thanks... Make sure you look at Socrative. Very cool!
After trying to make this dough into a perfect, even circle I just want to say that I love people who professionally make pizza.
PLU president says time is right for his retirement
I was giving out my grad part invites, Abe everyone thought it was a reggae concert flier...
Thanks for the #FF!
let's go for a walk.
Looking for a good #Photoshop tutorial...been a few years & I was never design focused. Suggestions?
let me ask some fellas you ever had a girl that was so right and when it went all dark she showed to the light and if they ask if she bad u
Thanks, Martin - have a great weekend
Sorry!! That's always a rough one!!
IDK but I got some free coupons in the mail.
Email sent... and yes, I'd like to be part of your next private beta.
Turn To You is perfection!
Just woke up from one of those really long sleeps that occurs from being in a place where you don't sleep, Las Vegas.
Omg the awkward moment when my best friend found out im half white ahaha dat was so funny
Headed to LA without my card.
virtual coffee would be about 100x better than most coffee in this land.
we have tons of great things coming up so get ready to gobble up some fun!
Prepared to have a sick summer break.... Houseboat is ready
Man, I'm so thankful for what is happening in my life right now.
Lol RT : BITCH I'LL BURN THIS MOTHERFUCKAH TO THE GROUND NOW WHERE IS IT? Sir, calm down, your toy is under the McNuggets.
This seems like a game the Clippers are missing Billups. Off shot making alone.
remember the time i said i was going to the movies, and you wanted to come too....
My sister comes home tomorrow ! Cheer practice bye <U+2665>
what's the link, GOOBER?
I'm with you on that one. The freezing just started recently but its pretty bad.
Anybody doing any interesting digital citizenship activities in their class? Suggestions?
weird ass nigga
I aint got nothin on him ...
Everything always magically appears when your wife looks for it.
It's National Blueberry Pie day! Use for a deelish #glutenfree crust! Good morning!
A special friend of mine died from cancer yesterday. The world lost one amazing lady and my heart breaks for her kids.
you love it
we will laugh uproariously into our beer
So, I think all the Ohio Mahomies should all buy tickets then split the money for a big bus to pick us all up an drive us to new York! Haha
Great Information Rolling Stones Unveil Array of Vintage Unreleased Material for ‘Some Girls’ Release NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--The
Nah dude
LOL this girl is really annoying. *presses un follow button*
You can only grow if you are willing to feel awkward and uncomfortable when you try something new. ~ Brian Tracy
Also thanks to -Brit
When you go to oak cliff Walmart always expect to see someone you know :) lol
"You must give up the life you planned in order to have the life that is waiting for you.” – Joseph Campbell
that's great
DS: lol we rest a little in the offseason. Tweet other sports from personal acct's. We'll do the schedule & draft though.
So I'm seriously considering teaching American kiddos overseas...but it's for 2 years eeeekkk! :-/
Some people wake up for a midnight snack. I wake up for a midnight tweet. If Ethiopia could see me now..
Saturday workouts are suppose to be easy.
You deserve it!!!
Pants off dance off?
Five UFC Fighters Who Stayed in the Game Too Long: a Fan's View
My friend and I are buying your poster right now! Im so excited! Follow me? (: <U+2665> <U+2665> <U+2665>
Gotta love half days at work. Hello weekend!
Purple be my favorite color.
"It doesn't matter if you look like someone famous...because one day they're going to die."
Yikes. Lazy 1 for me...different reason. Will have to HULU 30 Rock so I can see my husband cuz I missed it.
Ok, you'll be there before me. Get the sheet and stuff.
you smellin all those old people shittin on themselves..(:
These gas prices Are ridiculous!!
Even if you're right you're still a little bit wrong.
Going to see tomorrow. Fun.
I think Arena has done a pretty rad job of that.
hey whats up!
can u request me on facebook
I don't like when people have a perfect smile but they never smile in pictures , I wish I didn't have braces :B
Heading out from the hotel in Montreal. Back on the train... Until 1 AM.
I just can't do it. I'm from Portland. I have to root against the Lakers forever or my children will be cursed by Portlanders!
In a year full of #1s by Adele, Fun, and Gotye, Rihanna needs to take back the Hot 100 because Katy Perry can only do so much around here.
I'm doing amazing!! How are you, you SEXY momma?
haha probably a safe bet. Ps good to see u this weekend slob
I guess
is THE TAKEN on netgalley or edelweiss? I've liked Petterson's other series
I had to leave! ): what did they say?
are you really that mad? -__-
Our artists are primarily from Austin, Texas region, however, our base of talented musicians is growing!
The trouble with life isn't that there is no answer, it's that there are so many answers.
Coming up next on the TJMS: Stephanie Robinson has your commentary! She's putting some purpose in the party!
that's what happened. Ha
www.myspace.com/xoticahollywoodradio (SNEAK PEEK 2 J RIMES NEW ALBUM HERE)! XP SOUNDWORKS PUBLISHING COMPANY 2010(c) RECORD LBLS FOLLW HERE
Hey Arthur!
“: VICTORIA SAID UR A ASSWIPE” what?
Experience Las Vegas MVP style!!! Special room rates for our Facebook & Twitter fans @ Caesar's Palace Planet Hollywood Paris Casino
I miss you both also!!!
John Riley: "You are a brand. You market yourself through your actions, by being who you say you are."
Very glad you enjoyed my talk. Enjoy the reading & keep in touch!
proceed with some caution. Frenzy was Hitchcock's only R-rated film.
Fun thing to type in editing notes for the day: "Can we italicize 'cow'?"
HeartfeltOath 1. Answer my question. I don't recall doing anything to betray you. 2. Good for you. So you're single now?
Meatloaf will do anything for love, but he won't lose weight.
You complete me. RT : Sext: Eat all of the marshmallows. Burrow inside Blanket Mountain. Fall asleep watching Dr. Who.
Doubling of risk standard used in absence of non-epidemiological evidence. In re Berg Litigation, 293 F.3d 1127
#FF Happy Friday Everyone!
Thanks for the generous offer. I was able to get a hold of your ticket dept via phone & got a ticket. Thank U very much.
What going on James ?
lmfao wear darker shades next time! Lol
Good afternoon thank you:)! I hope you have wonderful and productive day...
Stock up on fruit! The pineapple's good right now! RT : Day 1 of no sweets. I am gonna be one cranky B.
Smh. Up way to early today.
Tail lined up for wed and thur...going out with pepe...maybe we will find mon and tue ha
RT Daryl Morey won't soon forget he cut Jeremy Lin. Scott O'Neil, MSG Sports prez, gave Morey a Knicks Lin jersey at
i just ate a light breakfast
Why does Budweiser advertise in a 60 second ad, the best part about Prohibition, 13 straight years without Budweiser?
#1DayTillBoyfriendVideo Justin Will Alwayn Be Our Hero Beliebers rule twitter!Others need to learn to live with that!
I think the bottom line is that social is not free because it cost to pay someone to do it, if you can't do it yourself
At one point we were thinking Jim Tressel was going to be th ...
"Very early in my life it was too late. It was already too late when I was eighteen." Why isn't there a bronze statue to Marguerite Duras?
How was the movie?
I hope the next FDP convention is somewhere fun--like a destination casino in Miami. #Disney=epicfail
happy birthday Ms. After School All Stars is a great program more people need to be aware of. Check it out.
Why did all of my followers and people I'm following disappear?
Feeling a little vocab challenged this am. Just learned I've been saying a word wrong my whole life.
yo! Thank you for the soda! Holla!
ok ill hit Ur phone if I come
my mom said I sleep too much. little does she know, I get like 4 hours -__-
#9 Mahoney's, Magazine St - New Orleans, LA
$1500 for a show can u afford a date?
Do you know someone that needs help paying for their medicine? Rx2you Co-Pay Assistance might be the answer.
please follow im a grander
Standing next to Tommy Chong in Starbucks. He's wearing a weed themed sweatshirt.
And, I need to poop.
& he got that get right , & showed me that act right (; #feelin'him
I want a little puppy or kitty (: so bad.
you know what happens when you wear happypants? You do a happydance! :)
oh my god! That's me haha
No it's the blessed goat's fault :)
Do it!
my cousin goes there
great analysis about abc's new sked. pretty spot on with how I feel.
Business pages very slow going on Google+ right now says
Happy Holidays, people of Twitter!
my brother used to work there!
haha! Yeah he does! speaks Urdu and I speak it a little bit. My dad and his dad can speak Urdu together. Haha!
English lit and drama, mmu, mmu school of theatre, central, and drama centre
RT : Yall don't wanna miss this next blind audition!!! Tune into NOW!!! Trust me :)
Tough question. I've seen both done well and poorly.
I'm gonna take a shower because I'm into that shit
Dave Obey says Democrats not being united in recall efforts against Walker "would be equivalent of a suicide pact."
Anybody know about Roxio easy vhs to dvd converter? I'm having problems.
Writing column on raised gardening for wheelchair users. Ideas/personal experience? Chi. Botanic has a public raised one does Milwaukee?
": And last but not least congrats #LaFamilia" // and there its your connection
I know is running it!
school was great today we broke the world record to day against watertown high
Gentlemen, there is a reason. Because it's acceptable. My straight marriage is not undermined by this at all.
Food and drinks!
you're as welcome as you are lovly..and you are VERY welcome
I'm sure there is no booze in that box ;-)
whoa there Schwarzenxgga
It just occurred to me just how bad a football weekend PA is having. I'm only reveling in Steelers loss - this Penn State story is sickening
aww lol don't scare the children.
I hate sharing with all these dickriders who found out about him AFTER Take Care.
go download or buy his album - CARELESS WORLD - RISE OF THE
As of today it's now and 's sports desk to run and we're all sure they'll do a great job.
How can we affect change in our government and foundations to support better reps of women?
lol im not makin my comment.
hello from Columbus Ohio thanks for the follow hope all is well :-)
Ha! Splendid idea. What shall we call it? Toast to Go. Toasty Wheels. Pain Grille Pour Vous. The options are marvelous...
sorry baby :/
Singing with your headphones on and not realizing how loud you are.
Monopoly Ent. Moving Forward with "El Secreto Project!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Great to meet you in real life today -such a gentleman - my followers and I are all watching #COUGARTOWN tonight!
"Believe in yourself. If you don't, then no one else will have a reason to" ~John Di Lemme
Recorded 8 new dope songs with The Mind Creatures!! Can't wait for everyone to hear it!
Hey check icon and how many followers if that's ok??
Lets go to a swim meet lets go
Hey sexy, now following you!!!
We need bands at Johnny B's in Medford, holler at us if you can help!
Now, the media circus will begin around that case.
Do umps suck or what?
Tried to read what had to say about but was sadly stopped by the paywall. Getting free opinions elsewhere now
you're welcome!!
He's 18 , I #Believe that #Someday he'll follow me back #NeverSayNever <3 37
For sure, and thanks as well. I'm out for now, editing the second book, take care dudette :)
#social46 QT : Anyone know what's going into old Crawford's space on Capitol? Hope they don't mess up the building..
I just ate an allegedly delicious butter mint that turned out to have orange jelly filling so now I'm contemplating suicide.
I haven't done a song in double time in ages
A good marriage is one which allows for change and growth in the individuals and in the way they express their love.
Burning tornados win 2 nil today. Soccer parents getting serious.
When someone uses your bedroom as a bathroom and then says you're not his type.. What are you supposed to get out of that? WHAT A DICK!
Hit me up when you got a chance bro.
RT : Of the 218 people found, they had a total 281 emergency room visits in the last 3 months.
LOL! I have a great ring tone for calls from unknown numbers. It's called the "rejection ringtone!" :)
Goodnight alex!<3
Glad you enjoyed it! Great job in the noon class today too!
Nope, not famous haha...just once an Earlham freshman...woman
Tickets are replenished on Mondays @ 9am--including Memorial Day. So c'mon get Holiday World, Graceland, Outdoor Adventure Rafting tickets!
Me: you have pretty round eyes. Aj: and you have a ugly nigger nose. Me: you're so ugly.
Auditions Tonight at Gemini Theater for "Babes In Toyland." Call 412.243.6464 for information.
Pizza guy just told me good evening ... wtf its barely afternoon
Took a four credit Italian Class at CSN.... That rivaled the majority of my graduate classes.
Thank you for watching our first episode with Chef Chuck Subra of Episodes will be on our website very soon!
It's what the great ones do..LeBron should learn..
#FreshmenYearTaughtMe Stress nothing but Stress.
follow us so we can DM and discuss your design.
it is still raining.
McDonalds is providing the brew.
There is no one I love more than deldon
thanks everyonr! We're trying to get the word out! Hope we can be a part of your summer tour if you come up the coast!
'i can kinda picture your brother as an asian' - truer words were never spoken, thank you
“ Need all my followers to be safe tonight!”
Happy Holidays to all! Enjoy!
fun!! Its raining here so not much to do :/ FOLLOW MEE
Thank you!! If only the orb were that easy!!!
#nowplaying Monopoly.....wait a minute.
When Wendy texts you "she ratchet" and sends you a picture of you...... Love you to slut. -.-
night=P
Another 3 for #Mizzou. This is not looking good for the Jayhawks. If this beomes a 3point contest, Mizzou will win big.
thanks, I'm excited. and it's not just because of the coffee.
I LOVE not ONE DIRECTION SO STOP ASKING ME!!!!!
Let's hear it...first job you ever had? Go!
I mean
Big day today and ready for fun
Got it!!! Thanks! Look for it tomorrow...would you like the 5 or 6 am hour???
- - thank you for passing on in '10. You did him a favor. He's amazing on #Glee. :)
it was yummy
What about mentoring as a strategy for viral content production?
I'm rolling deep in 's #chevyvolt -so many buttons she needs a co-pilot
same here, come to america and hang out with me? Jaja
who ya goin with?!
Treat her like a queen, she'll treat you like a king. Treat her like a game, she'll show you how it's played.
Airport! Good bye Caracas..
The Mansion 8110 Springdale = Probate After Party
I'll be in Crandon, WI tomorrow. Come visit.
Mom & Dad Tried To Hide The Boys , I Swear That Just Made Em Want Me More
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much! Will you please follow me back???! <3 :) 107
MyCSU was able to reach hundreds of students today at the Involvement Expo! Were you there? Reply and tell us your favorite part!
CLASSIC after school TV programming right there!!!!!!!!!!!!
Send them a creepy message, whoever it is!
lol you know today I chought my self singing endless love by you!!!!
Slow down! We're only going 35...
Meeting today of the San Diego Homeless Women's Task Force. Best Wishes to All!
Does anyone else find it weird that gin rummy is somehow not a drinking game?
Turn me on by Kevin little? Old ass song
Never mistake activity for achievement.
RT : Where is Rafer? Love Jameer, but the season is on the line here.
Lol. I suspect you have it too... :)
Sound super fun! What will you be eating for lunch?
It's #NationalCupcakeDay! What is your favorite flavor of cupcake?
I'm starting not to due to your lip
drunk :s
please don't be in love with somebody else ..
Lets get one thing straight I don't give a fuck about you never did never will! Never gave a fuck to what you said or what you did ! (:
Excited to sit next to CEO Jim Seay, gunning for a job to test ride roller coasters ;-)
yeah whats wrong ? :/
I'd kill Rosie Larsen for a donut right now
good ... You supposed to think highly of yourself but don't be arrogant hahaha
Dont wanna do work today. Ready to go home.
"would it be awkward if I stripped right here?" hahah
They tried to get rescued, gave up & worked to build a civilization. Over time civility fell apart & they then fell into chaos. (just kids)
They say scorpios r jealous? They spoke da truth cuz i get dat way wen my girl jam 2 hard too a niggas music.... Not all da time tho...
I don't see how people can stand to be around you
Woolard: This committee would just kick this problem down the road.
“: -- don't listen to Alex. He's jealous. I'm happy for you Queen C!
Jump in, jump out, jump in, jump out HERE WE GO!!!!! Lol
so if I tweet you 4 more times
Seriously, how can it be considered stealing when my neighbor’s Wi-fi signal was trespassing in my house? I’m the victim here!
Everything matters. Some things may matter more than others, but EVERYTHING matters. - adapted from Jim Rohn
Help us get the word out about our new anti bullying musical! wwe.thelovenote.com! Help us raise awareness! :)
Wrapped in a towel on twitter doe
We're finally rid of , and in between ISPs at the moment. Thankfully we're close enough to campus to leech off it's wifi.
Today feels like college football.
Desert Island folks: spend some time reading Techdirt. This is similar to talk about music industry, trade publishing.
I smell a #Smash promotional stunt.
"you betta tell em how I'm rockin mama"
Last shift at the rec! Yeah I'm on my phone. Crazy!
Scroggins sentenced to 195 years in prison. RT : Sex predator sentenced to die in prison
#imagine Harry in a boxer laying on top of you kissing your lips and he starts kissing your neck and then down down and down
Thank you!
Thanks for the info and hard work!
looks yummy. On the wAy to Vegas before Dallas renames itself Hotternhell
Ok... Will do. Maybe this wkd. And Carl if you are reading this, stay away from my niece! ;)
I don't get it.
My Heat boys need to stop playing around.
Aw, thanks.
Didn't you like that, Karl? really touched on something there. It's so important to know when its time to change things up.
hope you had fun and learned a few tricks. thanks for coming to the class!
My biggest challenge is focusing on myself and putting energy into creating the things I want, instead of trying to do it for my loved ones.
God Gave Me You..So Thankful For Someone Like You In My Life...You Was Made Just For Me
Utai!!!! ah keep it up Fellas!.
I think if you could somehow wrap that and send it, it would be worth it.
hey! How much salt in the updated recipe for the steak marinade? Putting it together right now. Thanks!!
Thanks for the retweet! Greatly appreciate it.
I'm looking for a refurbished on Amazon so I can get it by Monday.. but it's just so much money!
YAY!!! : Gimme a big huge #FISTPUMP if you can't wait for tonight's #JerseyShore premiere! That's right, it's #Jerzday!
RT : #MOMeo Tip: Work ON your business instead of in it! That means stepping beyond the day-to-day!
Google+ has their new look today. Another change to master!
Tonight and tomorrow I'm at the Ice House in Pasadena
Sunburnt :) Had an awesome day on the ocean, love our new boat!
#butyoucoppedthemjstho when you use a plastic container and shape it into a shoe and put a Nike symbol on it
We know from experience! ;) cc: RT : oh please... you packed that shit out..
I know! Are you gonna have to cut someone girl??! LOL
Thanks for the follow! Looking forward to connecting.
My best friend just called me "Thick-Ums" =/
Raffle tickets 5$ each Or book of tickets for 20 $ »» for BRAND NEW IPad 3
BIG CHANGE to the fcst. HIGH: 54. Low clouds & drizzle push through from time to time. Some PM sun possible. Light rain tonight & Friday
I apologize for the recent myspace slacking that has occurred since tour. Comp is back up and running so keep those comments comming.
it's EVERYBODY
yeah toatally! .....that saturday is my prom....
same here!
Beautiful ball movement by the Mavs! Offense continues to look in sync....
Trying to get use to my track pad.
Where are you playing it, and with whom? I'm playing it as well, right now!
Wonder if will be at RBIA tomorrow
replied to me 96 days ago :^)
I spent a year in Senegal. Loved it. Love to talk about it. holler if you want details.
Aaw turtles, i woke up late:/
You gone 4get what&who your trying to text lol RT : Don't ever text mid smoking blunt...
went with a gift certificate to DiBruno's, a top shelf gourmet store in Philly, and it was a smash hit.
Special thanks to the United States Department of for sponsoring the #Green #Energy Summit in
Empty halls and gleaming floors. Life in #Tydings is calm before the storm.
Bullshit in the morning
Erbody want yo #bitch if or wen u got one
will u show ur love to ur fans by #RT this
Ugh I have been up for 27 hours. Oh well I guess I'll
watch for JR to make a run these last laps
QUICK!! Name George CLooneys best five movie rolls... NOW!
Working on the first episode of "shit girls say on road trips".
2day feels like 1 of them Fuck Everybody 4 no reason type of days!!!!!
Watching Victorious!
How is the hangover situation this am?
I'm tweeting Mini Marathon times for Troy Cockrum in real time on race day. Presented by OneAmerica
Do you like Latin girls? ;)
At 3-8 my kids are still buying in, still believe. Your players take on your personality, if you dont quit on them, they will not quit on u
New Belgium taping people's stories about fat tire tonight & nxt tue from 9-11 @ Goodfoot. Anyone who does has chance to win Fat Tire bike.
All marriages are happy. It's living together afterwards that is difficult.
yep! You have inspired me mrs meadows I wanna be a teacher like you someday. I find you as an inspiration :) #offtopic lol
It was almost like they had a clear sense of where I could/would go before I did.
Oxford comma or not? Why?
He had a big smile. Probably just exited Crazy Jim's Blimpy Burger.
last night was chill
Let's talk about this #foodcart in S.Waterfront, #PDX--Let's Eat Thai Food- $3 for 2 salad rolls the size of sm. burritos. Great lite lunch.
MT : Tech devices don't change edu - they can help - but they don't fundamentally change it. Change is about people...
Won one lost the other.. Can't win them all
thankyou so much - you do us a great honor!
who's on the twitter 1D account now?(:
Santonio has a ton of talent but has always been a jerk. Needs to grow up.
Hey, thanks much for the follow!
i always pronounced your name as 'air-riana grand' instead of 'ah-riana grande' whoops lol
That mouse is freaking me out.
RT Despite the challenges you may have faced, especially in today?s turbulent times, it?s time to prepare for a bigger comeback.
Listening to Joe Bishop discuss 21st century learners at
Apples and oranges have a similar molecular structure and you would be better comparing apples to rocks
well, if you ever tell people to go fuck their mom you coulda said if I wanted my comeback Id wipe it off your mom's chin :3
Made it through another day! Still going strong!
Hope you ejoyed it...cheers!
Downers Grove Location: $5 off spa services. Call today to make an appointment 630-434-9053!
thank you for entering our contest! Winners will be notified soon.
Sorry to see drop out of the race for mayor. He was a good addition to the local conversation, and a friend to cyclists.
Why ? 1. brand building 2. increased conversation 3. community creation
hurry ya ass. Lmao
AWE lol that's awesome i'm proud of my self :) and ur very much welcome <U+270C> <U+30C4> <U+262E><U+2606><U+25CF><U+266B><U+2605><U+2665><U+2606><U+266A> [<U+25D5><U+203F><U+25D5>]
lamb chops on deck for this weekend's special. yum!
RT : Just back from a stellar scouting trip to Charlotte w This is going to be good.
#shitmyparentsneverworriedabout How does a router work again?
Women have 2 sets lips for a reason: 1 set to argue with, the other to apologize with
yeah but when you express so much how you feel about someone there is always that one who thinks i can change that
one day I hope you notice me :)
What about jello salad?
Wrong info you have bro.
No, I didn't see her!
That's what's up
Trying to learn the lady gaga dance now ahha (: its hard to learn when your tired :p *FYI: VALLEY Doesnt suck!
Super stoked to finallt make it to today, doin the mac and cheese dance.
<3 sorry i suck but yeh get there so you can slang shirts.
Yankees or Tigers? Rangers or Rays?
RT : as long as you're here with me I know I'll be ok
seriously but their stuff is so cute
Flip Murray's coach at Shaw was T-Mac's coach in HS so maybe they can play together
Check out our new Facebook page for the Raleigh market!
you for Louisville or Kentucky tonight?
RT : On #LeadChange Today: 5 Uncomfortable Observations About Workforce Diversity
Nope, I use It's amazing when AT&T doesn't throttle you after heavy usage.
Works fine for me. Hope you're feeling better, having a good weekend.
Happy Valentine's Day! We're looking forward to you joining us for dinner tonight!
Welcome Shelly, Cindy, Mona, Jill and Tracy! Thank you joining us! :)
What to expect when expecting
Promoted to Lead Esthetician at Massage Envy Spa in Hermosa Beach. My team is awesome!
The Day Ahead: No Econ Data, Rumors of Greek PSI Dealy, and MIP Grandfathering
At the Hilton Hotel in Minneapolis for a photo shoot.
And that's when I called Will Farrell.
B*tch you bedda be following back.
I was pulling for Buble but Roger won
When mr.torres tells is to read a story <<<
"Generosity and togetherness and community all convalescesscens into...morale, thats what I say, so..."
Alors on dance is playing in the place
Have your favorite yea recipe listed on our new site with your name. Email recipe and your name to . New site in 2 wks
Thanks, spread the word..and hopefully see you out dancing!
would you say that if the celtics make one more shot last night?
oh well, had no way to know...when does it get cold there?
Boston just put them out
People be saying I'm funny, laughing at me..Like, WTF!!!! "My fat ass ain't said SHAT funny!.. So WTF!.. Is yo ignant ASS..Laughing at?"...<U+E40D>
Sure I'll tell ma' fraands to do the same if u want.. :P
College Graduation time! Time for all the fashion majors to get back to workin thier local McDonalds drive-thru!
ANNOUNCING MWSA 2011 WINNER-Military Army-Alan's Letters by Nancy E. Rial - Gold
Now: Queer Transnational Intimacies and Imaginaries chaired by Lisa Lowe
Don't give it up. Many mistakes will make something beautiful in the end.
SANTANA "INTO THE NIGHT'...bad ass guitar m
If you're looking at picking up Wolf's option for $10m or paying Greinke $20m? Lose three starters = 100 losses?
....and once again i look stupid :l
haha good time I bet u guys working tonight
They wnt give me the time of day for sum reason.... I wonder y ???
We consider bloggers press. in fact, we view book bloggers as a vital part of the future.
hey ur hot(;
there's no hotels to have my party at <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2> so upset
have you been doing that test for like 49464 hours? « Wow my teacher gave me the wrong test. What is life?»
I will never get tired of hearing "Jesus Paid it All." The words penetrate right to my heart every time.
It was too late notice! Sorry we missed you - tonight won't work either-thx for the kind mentions though.
Just a quick thought...I want 2 say THANK YOU 2 all my followers/supports/likes...whatever you want 2 call it! I call it friends and family!
Sad sad situation... JoePa needs to step down; Cancelling the presser not the way to handle...
so what is there to talk about??? Convey showed well Sat.
Doing anything good for #StPatricksDay? Take a road trip somewhere local and celebrate!
Just saved somebody's paper by suggesting that, when discussing Samuel Taylor, she might wish to say Coleridge instead of Colrige. Good day!
A/S/L
penny Marshall - Laverne!
With the 294th pick in the FSWA #FantasyBaseball Experts Draft I went with : Vernon Wells
Bus tix are cheap and I'm staying with a friend, so it won't break the bank. The program looks so amazing!
I swear i need new music -.-
6 Things to Know Before Starting a Business
Riots in DC after Jason Werth gets first meaningful hit with the
Thank you sir! Making coffee right this instant actually! ;-)
Don't let a day go by that you don't tell those closest to u how much they mean to u because u might not get another chance.
There is danger in both belief and unbelief.
endgame will just lead to defan and being brothers but from what the writers and people are implying I dunno :/
They better be going to see Shabbaz too. “: This type of inquiry normal for top prep players, usually covers top recruits..."
I hate using my phone while its charging :o
Forgot two really important things....well I guess they weren't too important.
- biggest problem for #klout is B2B space; corporate buyers don't engage in same way as B2C. New formula needed.
Hey your madonna chat is saturday with a live audience? Not a normal tape day..so how would one reuqest tix?
hell yeah and you you pretty descent wit rapping to. You should do alot iof rap.
they lovin the crew.
Also, Jackie, our event manager, , is from Pittsburgh and says hi! He voted for you on AGT :)
Bout time u followed me back, u dork lol:)
Really? Did you get a DM or something? Thanks! Will change the password, darnit. Cheers!
you missed a good night. Beer by the cases. :-) have you started the wire
you have the best quotes
Friedrich that is
We still need employers in NC,SC,TN,FL,GA,LA,MS,KY,and AL. Post your projects for free! Its easy, get bids, get best price, get it done!
Anyone know of a good deal on #Pilates in Manhattan?
Day 4 of vacation and my cold hangs on. This is just wrong!
In no way is this a "Good Friday" for me...hungover as balls. You're welcome Jesus xoxo -
GROOVESECT at the Maple Leaf tonight!!!
Thank so much for this. <3 Let's see what we can find out, shall we?
When are you opening in Chicago? I want to work for you!
why people edit the shit out of pictures to where they have no nose, just to make their eyes look cool, i'll never know
yeah! you were always lauging!
Some new followers, great local businesses - thanks! , , , , ,
So it would be 7 locked in?
is that by Eric Sloane?
i cant wait to see it... you are the greatest!!! I love you<3
Scent marketing: Women with testosterone driven HQ also more likely to be sensitive to chemicals, so stick with natural scents (food, air)
u should follow me now
Looking forward to the next year here at Poised Creation so much coming up!!!
MONTREAL, QC tonight @ Underworld Live w/ COME OUT!!!
Agreed! their event metadata model is very helpful for thinking about issues digital provenance
I hear you are coming for Wine Friday next month! Excited to see you!
Why have white buildings if not for this film "reveal"? Getty's Pacific Standard Time opening.
"No, Firelord Ozai. YOU'RE not wearing pants!"
forgot the critical #carsmayoralcandidatesdrive hash tag
There's not enough Chicano hip hop artist whose name doesn't start with lil or ese. The game needs a rapper that can turn it up.
I think should follow me cause i'm part of #TeamTurquoise ahaha :)
Cmmon Hawks u can do this,you can beat these grandpa's
Those are just the same rules you originally posted, but not reblogged
i don know why i love if he is a ordinary boy ... ok no XD
405N just past Euclid multi-car crash, all lanes closed. Freeway backed up for miles
The still have a lot of good options available! Come on !!!
Watching ridiculousness :)
Today is the day of the woman and my Birthday Day,if you follow me you make me happy :) 22
When Scott Walker lies forgotten on the ash heap of history, we will still have Cher, and she will look fabulous.
They'll win tomorrow. This is #LeylandBall- win one, lose one. We lost today, we'll win tomorrow. As for FRI/SUN, sell the tix
haha me too
Absolutely. When Pau & Bynum dominate the paint like we know they can, they're a dangerous threat to any team.
She told me french kiss me...bitch im african
Powder puff practice was cool tho (:
Looking for a great place to lift? Look no further than ! We offer a 2 hour child watch program while you workout!
Temper takin over
That moment when your trapped in the corner of your shower because the water is too cold.
I dont wanna go to school tommorow i had such a relaxin weekend #waahh >.>
Y RT : Poll--&gt; Y/N: This week is The Shittiest Week Ever?
Start planning ahead. Memorial day is looking crazy toptional here! Can't wait! Ladies call to get on out VIP guest list today!
My kitty's spring is stuck under my couch and he won't stop crying :'(
Oh sure! My pleasure.
Talking on the phone weirds me out. Talking on the phone to a professor... that's a whole new level.
Andy-We might have a solution of high interest.So far, we have kept a low profile but effective Jan 1, that is changing. 9204505404
I know me too..just when i found out :o
they taste like turnip mixed with cabbage. I'm not a big fan, but they make stock yummier. ( you're a... ringworm)
#milwaukee Need custom moulding made really fast?Have a knife made in 2 business days thanks to #weinig We supply customers with options :)
Oh, yes, I'm afraid it is. At least it's what my job is like.
An hr away from home
Hmm * dusting for prints * Aww thanks you've made my morning!!
Taking the train from NYC to NJ on a Friday night
#whatsderekdrinking Old Grubby Porter
thank you! Jenna was quite helpful. Weighing options now!!
How can U be ready 4 the end of the world? Seems 2me we been monkey-ing round this whole time, like we ready any no way how
RT : Reporter: "Any security issues with looting?" Bloomberg: "This is New York. We don't have that sort of thing."
It's the best thing I've ever seen.
M dinner! “: Make inside-out BLTs for dinner: Mix diced tomatoes, crumbled bacon, mayo and croutons; roll up in lettuce."
right that's what I'm sayin', they want us to pay or keep doin' collabs like u mentioned or else they don't pay attention.
Thank you: did go too fast, didn't it?
oh ur so cool cause you shirt, snap back, and shoes match and claim you have swag. don't confuse personality with ownership.
girl I have a scheduled maintenance this Monday, 60,000 mile service; $550.00 <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096> lol
yes, i heard you! i am so very serious about living my real life
Tulsa .... St Vincent... Cains.... Hey Mambo for cuisine
I freakin LOVE when we serve Squab ! Nicely done Chef!
Happy Happy Friday, friends!
oh yeah
Calvin is first player in NFL history w/ 9 TD receptions through first 5 games of season
It looked great! I don't think anything would have lasted through our marathon shopping adventure.
leave the guy alone and stop being so bi-partisan. We are all Americans.
its a song dummy
Hazza's pretty hilarious drunk too, though. Larry drunk is the best.
Are you ready? Like READY ready? This is going to a mini workout that you won't forget anytime soon! #9RoundMinute at Noon.
waiting on my neice to be born so excited i am about to be an auntie again
This is just the thing: an individual, apparently the only measure of the social under neoliberalism, cannot protect against chemicals.
Mini-office remodel underway - will post photos soon. And hope to have exciting news to share about the practice...
Pissing little kids off?
“: you sound like David lol” wow
Hahahah, you're welcome. yeah...you're not going to go to sleep. that thing is addicting. lol
Singing Taylor Issues (: <3
not yet! :) Happily encamped on Pocahontas St. (childhood home) since last nite. #notgettingshitdone xo
Free Anazing quesadillas chips and dip at work for cinco de mayo, I'll take it!
Do u think uve ever recycled something and then used it again later but in its new recycled form??
RT : Girls, keep sitting Indian style on stuff. Lovin' it. No further instructions at this time.
well It looks like I'm not running the half marathon this year. I can barely walk today..
Fartsmell trying to buy a call
Oh man. That oatmeal has been in there since fall! I need to sort it out.
The First Wave of Player Endorsments will be announced Feb 6th 2010... Stay Tuned!!!
Big Night Out cooking in a suite a
Hoping to get plenty of tips on blogging!
Right On Beautiful i'll watch :) We love it when your on :) besos
Tv shows are just rich people being stupid
Make sure you Link with
Beware the Ides of March... though still always better than the Ides of April.
Isn't a baker's dozen an extra one? I don't know. Just confused myself. Dammit.
RIP Maurice Sendak. Wild rumpussing will never be the same again...
As much as i adore Hello Kitty, im gonna have to let her go :( Too many hoes on the dick.
Strictly speaking, there are no enlightened people, there is only enlightened activity. - shunryu suzuki
damn shame.. lol
Long day tomorrow off to the tag office to get my tag so the cops can stop stoping me! Ugh
#SLB I need emails.
Libraries can't compete for commercial content, so why try? Service should be focused on empowering/enabling community creation
time to even up this series! Nashville needs to stick to banjos!!
Thanks guys! Lets rage. RT : Happy birthday to let's party!
Thanks for the follow from a Torontonian in exile since 1972!
Glass House was packed tonight but my Blue Raiders couldn't get the win.
kk ill be on it soon !!
Hat! will work on pics! Party! :) You were kind to give hat.
here terreculas had 3 tds last night, u watch it?
most def....and do the same www.reverbnation.com/jewallep
How often is the CPO stock refreshed on the vzw website? I'm looking specifically for a cpo thunderbolt. Can you help?
Hope you two are having fun. Lillian is drawing a picture for Santa. :) And she is pretty tired too.
Furious and Happy at the same time. #furiouslyhappy. Merry Christmas eve! Kids alseep. Santa almost here. Mom almost asleep.
The best thing about using sarcasm on the internet is that even people who are thinking the exact opposite will agree with you.
I paint objects as I think them, not as I see them. Pablo Picasso
My cousin boyfriend childish. Lmao .
The same girl has been in our store every day this week trying to shop lift.
The commercials are driving me nuts, it's not free money. It's the gov giving you back a portion of the #taxes you already paid.
At lunch with mom and sister...dad stepmom and brother randomly walk in.
Looks like you've made it a long way from MD. Congrats man. Glad to see that The Mountain served you well.
Kyle Singler? Really?
How sad is it that Portland radio is so bad I just considered putting the kids' music on in the car. Without the kids in the car.
How many times can you accept the apology of the same mistakes? It's not even a mistake anymore, it's more to your choice to do it.
It's desire and enthusiasm for something that makes a life worth living
The people who take risks are often the ones who end up being the happiest.
Absolutely!!! Especially if I'm not the one cutting it! Ha!
Hick Red Band Trailer
University of illinois basketball
Yet another extremely embarrassing game. Yet another, yes another, losing season. Pulling for my homey, Michael Vick. Bye Skins!
how could you hold out that long. i get every morning.
“: San Fran what up? it's only 8:30 right now.” go to bed. big game tomorrow.
looks like Ron tonight!!! Played excellent D and looks leaner, faster, meaner!
Wow. James Turrell's art is pretty much what I think about. Light and colour. Nice touch, mang.
Tonight! invades in Philadelphia!
damn u really are
kept me up till 4am, such a bad influence.
"Where is your assistant or...what do you call her?" "My wife?" Oh, office talk!*
Had a wonderful time at the annual luncheon today! Congrats to their team!
black bean burgers & Labyrinth :)
“: Girls suffer from PMS, periods, cramps, childbirth, shaving, plucking, makeup dilemmas and high heels. Guys just complain.”
I'll totally admit it. My first crack at a dairy-free coconut cream pie filling was...not pleasant. Onto round two.
did you for real do that HC3 on your lip????!!!
Happy Mother's Day!!! Wait when did all my girls become mommy's!? What ever happened to meet me in the club it's goin down?!?! :D
Thanks and ! We're so happy with it! There are some talented and extremely creative professionals at !
I can't wait until senior year! :D
RT : something i thought i'd NEVER ever do. just admitted to on TV that i have tattoos. didn't me to out you!
do you service palm desert? I just gave out your number if so!
amen <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008C> RT : Life is fucking good rite now!
Where can we find you before or after an O's game?
the TV show Frasier. I watch it every day.
God bless you all who followed me ... thanks
love. Tickets are cheaper. Food in general is cheaper. The field is actually mowed. Maybe the A/C will be turned on.
Cutting out snowflakes. Feeling artsy.
Magic Number = 25!!!
Had fun with Jenny ;D
I know right, and last year for us 2011-ers? Been pretty sweet for the last two years!
played great today, and to all the haters out there, keep on hatin' #HAAAAN!
Who do we bring in?
is this a lyric or real ..lol did her dirty
Been talking to on Facebook! Man, what great support they are for HPH!!!
Thanks! RT : HFD to my dad, and my uncle, ! have a lovely day guys!
What r we doing this for? You promised us we were gonna change things. You said we'd get jobs, interviews, Itrusted you. Look what hapened
Bringing up a child in the chaotic conditions of poverty must be something like building a skyscraper on quicksand.
Its about a hundred dollars a minute. 5 minute minimum...also depending the act. if I have to hire people etc.
I gave away all of my heels. Not. Worth. It. I'm a city girl & always walking:-)
time for movies and rdv later. what is some good movies out?
haha its not its small aha!
Thanks for the retweet! Helping others is one of the best ways to feel better about yourself!
Lake George NY, batueax below inc created shipwreck celebs; and preventative measures to curb unintentional diver damage -
thanks Steve
Thanks for Retweet !
on the show now! go to queenofthering.tv now
Meliztzana Imam didn't last very long...was there last night. Everything was amazing, however eggplant was sorely missed!
you look so cute in this picture. this is what i call SWAG
I look good.
The Pilot episode goes live at 5! Check back in 45 minutes!
Only thing I saw was Ben's sick ass fro!
If you would stop attaching cutesy signatures to your email, then I could mass delete your messages much faster
Thank god tomarrow is Friday!
Chef Hicks is cooking up a storm in Ft Worth.....
Had to tell her face down ass up
Good Morning! Looks to be a windy day here in Pittsburgh!
TOP QUALITY RABBIT HUTCHES !
Came home to a birthday card in the mail from the president of Bronx Community College. Made me smile real big.
Adios Hanzal. Enjoy getting your golf game back before your teammates get theirs. Absolutely stupid play. What a moron...
Just to visit the sister. Reminds me of New York. *sigh*
Its an amazing song & MV. ": So I finally watched the video to 'Father'!!!! ^^"
cereal bar in McMahon was a success! tomorrow is Breakfast For Dinner at Hillel from 8-10! Hot breakfast!
Thanks for bringing this to my attention. Nice to see all of this data in one place. When did the page launch?
My dog is scared of my Mom.
Thank you, and : Yes! A pretty great day!
Woke up this morning to what I thought was a miracle. Turns out, I slept with my contacts in. Looks like it's a glasses kind of day.
Thanks WJSU 88.5 FM for broadcasting my recordings of How High the Moon and Cry Me a River this weekend! Aloha Jackson, MS!
ALERT: Attention bikers, don't get off your bike in the middle of a congested road on campus. Someone might run into you. (via )
Stay strong.
id like me some titties with those fries
Not holding to the keeping it shtum plan then?
yuh should stop before you get unhealthy its not good D; im tryna stop too not really workin lol
I forgot I should be tweeting.
Sister got smacked for screaming at my mom
#going #through my #updates and
U been on the same level since high school...upgrade
I wish my parents believed in wifi.
BBQing? Come and get all your bbq food items...try our delicious marinated chicken!
more: looking for best .NET (C#) or PHP interfaces/SDKs for Dropbox
On GW's birthday, surprised to learn that he lost all but one of his teeth ( according to John Adams) cracking Brazilian nuts in his mouth.
I don't know if I like this echofon app yet
(this series only.)
I want some subway. Lol
Suppose I should quit being lazy & get in the shower #1ofmyflaws ha dinner date tonight! What is everyone else in #milwaukee up to tonight?
hey twitter <U+2665>
yeah, I didn't even think about that when I got the tickets. Only realized today.
Y when u driven u look over at sum1 they look rite bak
Looking forward to boot camp tonight w/ !
#erl12 included in subject fund lists: titles, sub source, LC class, usage, cost
hi trevor!
I hope you know that you know nothing.
Ready for the weekend
Most RSVPs need this option RT One of the checkable options on this RSVP is simply "Regret."
#GamerPickupLines If I hit your box, do coins come out?
Fuck.he was hot.and funny.And of corse flirting with my friend:/
Check out Yale's ANTH 172 vs. ARCG 172. If you're checking out A&A then try Chicago, Princeton & Missouri depending on Culture
Good morning :)
Yes im in
Welp, Time To Call My Baby Bacc!
"A troublemaker plants seeds of strife; gossip seperates the best of friends." Proverbs 16:28
I've seen Powerhouse demos, nothing specific to Refine though
haha I know what your checklist includes bro
ah you're too kind! THANKS!
Listening to Marcel O'Gorman describe reading > making > writing pedagogies for intervening in hyper/deep attention binary
"WATER BALLOON WALLSTREET"......COLD FRIGID WATER....that would get their attention......FUN 2 !!!!! LOL :-P
Do you want to get and updates in one place? Follow us at !
that good baby
"gonna talk shit? do it right: in person: accurate information. Not just what will ralley your little friends along" -someone on instagram
First team to 70 wins?
#cody what's one of the coolest places you've been on tour so far? (: .
I felt bad because you'd already retweeted it, but I couldn't handle it.
Not sure. Lot's going on that day. But, I will let you know. I'm sure it will be a great convention!
Yes, yes I do love salsa.
i hope these niggas dont think its gon b easy they whole lifes
yo momma so nasty she gotta creep up on her bath water
Thank you! You too! I'm in the middle of moving. Sold my house & hope to find an apartment this week :)
Bummer 2 of the morning: the Summer job I really really wanted is done hiring. Officially. I need a new plan w less than 6wk of school left.
Me and hannah and kiana are in a single swagg circle. We get pizza sometimes and kiana said tht she is gonna be all alone bc we like som ...
Thanx 2 Lithium for hosting a great event - enjoyed hearing from Best Buy's Gina, Motorola's Randy, Leapfrog's Jaeme + Verizon's Becky
I miss you!!!!!!! :-( stop being such a stranger slicerrrrr
We are about to come out with a 3 tier deal on Groupon. Look for it people!
There's plenty of COM swag that we can bring over if Eddie wins...
nf follow back (:
#odd arcane laws: California law prohibits a woman from driving a car while dressed in a housecoat.
I can't smoke right now my G. #MoneyOnMyMind RT you no I'm always the same ole mike.. Come thru .. Blaze n
Nice one!
I remember this used to b Chris B
Are you the female North Beach lifeguard responsible for having that handsy 58 year-old Jacato Drive resident detained?
Anybody know if the bar at the top of the downtown Milwaukee Hyatt rotates? Or did I just make that up in my head?
Hhaha.. Me too... I just write stupid things...lol
do you still watch the contest videos that people made for you?
Sapong's tried the diving header about 7 times now. He'll get one
I sense embarrassment in my future...the kind of embarrassment that takes you back to middle school. HAHA!
uh oh
Let's get the white russians consumed and get the rest of the 35 girls drunk! ;) Let's do this!
Free promotion? Get more for yourself at the site on my profile. You will thank me :) do you follow 4 follow?
"what's for supper?" I've been hearing that for 43 years...
Thank You! I missed that game, Can't wait for the season to start again! Any plans to do it again this year?
can u help me plz and thank u :D
Cause I don't know who I am without you
no not yet :(
u didn't see Kat today?
Within minutes of posting the Big Island location, we had a Kauai signup also! Spots continue to dwindle.
Is there a term for when Windows blue screens as it shuts down, causing it to reboot and start up again?
there's no cure for that INSECURE
Monday is here again! How was your #HCG #weightloss over the weekend?
'Cause I totally love baby sitting until midnight, then taking late night showers on school nights... smfh.
Can I buy dopamine off the street?
I did something bad yesterday that I felt horrible for, but I know I'm going to do it again, I just wish I didn't have to.Downer!
got tickets for tonight? We'd love to go
sure, just let me know I would love to share my experience
But my name is mel :D
How much better it would be if I were outside right now! SO BEAUTIFUL here in
There's a fine line between tan and looking liked you rolled around in Doritos.
Police camped out on da met niggaz aint doing shit but bbq'n and playing cards thisty ass
I definitely thought MGK was black
I miss talia Andrea and mayra so much.
Hunger Games premier!!!!:D
Chillin Till I See The Lady Later
The beer is flowing like a good piss tonight!
Just played pokemon for 2 hours in class
Any Dragon Boaters out there? We'll be looking for you Saturday am by the Esplande(Sp) Ask Duckey!
Wishlist 2011: Bourbon Barrel Abominable w/ classy wax coating.
I have. Very tasty!
Im so lookin forward to this weekend.
yea I definitely spilled some last night but I can still smell it and Im half ass hanging so it makes it that much worse lol
LAKERS STILL STUCK..WITH THAT SAID..TIME FOR EVERYONE ATTENTION TO B ON FIFA WORLD CUP....
she's the best for the twitter love!
My mixtape wasn't signed either and I was like number 16 fam!!!
RT Thank you and rest in peace, Peter Marzio, from another whose life you improved w/o ever meeting. #hiwi ( less so now)
Dam you two beers! Making me have pee on the way home!
standing on the Mountain tops in Colorado making lots of noize for the <3
Hey back at ya! Lol I'm good
I think you should have the new Rdio now (+ access to mobile apps) for 2 months. I won a trivia question & could give access
Fuck this TAKS! No reason for us freshmens to come to school.
Thanks to all for entering our twitter ticket giveaway! We have ended the contest and winners will be notified shortly.
See you at the Kickoff Party? RT Heading to Indy tomorrow for the Championship. I'll be the one wearing red.
Yu Darvish has a nasty, nasty breaking ball(s). Better?
It'll never get old not in my soul,my spirit will keep it alive
Retweet if u got some bomb ass pussy n u know it
No, it's sold out :(
UP ALL NIGHT! Reading out of all things!
No way! So, do we. We also like kids who are into looking confused about being subjected to rad doom riffs for 45mins.
RT : Hey folks at conf: Come to systems-building networking event tonight, 5-6:30, Fort Worth 7!
I heard he's a real asshole! RT : have you met yet?
Tonight: 'Contagious Behavior' | Ladies, receive Open Champagne Bar by texting the word CHAMPAGNE to 38714 |
Thank you so much!
We had a great meal last night at Muzita Abyssinian Restaurant on Park Blvd last night with good friends. Great company, wonderful food!
you're thinking you want another RedBull!
I love your tweets!!(:
that won't win Barkley the heisman though...
Businesses are not stagnant - they are either growing or dying. From at Leadership Conference.
i left my window open a little last night. ya know so i would have to cuddle up cause it gets colder. but now i have a sore throat:(
...my brotha...how you been? We aint rapped in a minute....hope all is well...
When I hear "Wear My Hat" by Mac Miller all I think about is you. Even though it's such a gay song..
Thanks to everyone who turned in an application yesterday--we can't wait to read how you're going to turn Baltimore upside down!
sorry to miss you. You're doing interesting things & would like to talk with you. Will try to plan ahead for anaheim
The birds in my "hood" (neighborhood) wake up at 4:45am........ I was going to try to sleep in 'til 5am........
That dream IHad last night:) oh my!
Killed it
i can't wait to be 17 this year and 18 next year lol. and i know time has gone fast.
Rendezvous! Excellent choice for some Memphis style dry rub ribs!
Thank you!
UKC PR' GIDDIMS' TOSHIBA has just left with her Wonderful loving Family :)
Already tired
I bought the very first sweatshirt but I apparently suck at getting your attention....
UH-MAZ-ING!!! Hahaha SO excited for you to hear it!!! U rock my socks off!
Kiss Our Belieber Ass <3 LOVE THIS!
RT if your #zodiacsign is a
Well look who decided to join Twitter. Welcome my homie to the Twitter world. Everybody follow him.
"If you are looking to combine tried and true Sales Training with state of the art Social Media integration, Ron Nash is your guy. Ron's Li…
Looking forward to seeing #COMMUNITY back tonight! I'll get home just in time. Would love them to do another episode!
In range, just waiting for that brace from Corey Ashe. Oh, wait...
Another FUN morning of PT awaits for me tomorrow. Paying constant copays when you're unemployed kinda drains your bank account :/ boo!
Back from a long Sunday morning walk with my sweetie. Chilly air, sunshine and breakfast burritos, now coffee and football. Ah...
Wizards beatin the heat
great seeing you the other day! how goes it?
Thank you and right back at you
Sorry I'm not gonna watch some pathetic low life bring down one of my best friends.
Spring cleaning time? Get your exterior powerwashed or repainted, or perhaps some interior painting? Call us today! 877-912-5252
#NewFeds tip3: if you can't answer the question, admit so, that you haven't come across it, but are willing to look into it
Also carrying a minimum of two crystals on myself including a special one given to me by EZ of xoxo
Their fondling nuts just to make ends meet
Whats the boys twitter names?
Really excited to see The National and Arcade Fire tonight!!
we had something of a mix up today, but we will be at union station this Friday =)
Q -6 is right out of the book "The Busy Homeschool Mom's Guide to Romance" I rate it a top 10!
Why is bob vila following me??? O_o
Just realized that all us girls are single this summer...& we're kicking it off w/MDW in VEGAS!!!
The promos online right now make me laugh more than most 30 min. sitcoms on the air right now.. agrees
I'll give it a try. Still feels like weird concept to read a book on iPhone.
at you are officially number one on my most hated companies list, congratulations.
ha I make em not make an take care 1 or the other
how did I miss this event?! I've wanted to try since I learned about it a couple of months ago.
Need a personal trainer? Train with Elite Trainer Max "The Body" at Hollywood Body Club
I watch it every week because it's MST3K level riffable.
Gett a broom and hit the ceiling while screaming :)
Congrats to and on their new marriage. Great things lie ahead for MOMA's Digital Learning initiatives.
Watching Whitney's funeral makes me think we should celebrate our lives like this Gospel choir does, but when we are alive!
Music is beautiful. You're attitude is so far from lyrical.
Snuck a peek at the bio.
Well My Night Has Ended Well..! Night TweetHeartz..!
you're welcome! 17?
You're just a big fan of saving messages!
#behonest2012 was so AMAZEBALLS!!! Can't wait to show next year.
thanks for the tweet back jerk! ha
Give him more head than shampoo.
thanks for the follow
are you talking about our hippo?
Go Follow--------> for a followback from me.not kidding!Im watching.go guys!
Yes, incredible image.
Mike Bordick commentates like he played. Tries hard, a gem every once in a while but mostly average.
Last call for #CSWCPWOODS today at 2pm! Last call!
:Hey! Thanks! :) I'm good...lots of things happening, good things! How are you?
Agreed homie. And the new batch is all that.
hi justin bieber i AM an over obsessed fan
I don't think he did. ADARN SCHETTER is not a credible source.
LIKE US LIKE US LIKE US!!!!
Walked home from work today. Picked up heavy things repeatedly at the gym. Then ate an entire Tombstone pizza...
holy shit... I'm having a major breakthrough with r. Omg I can't even.
10/5/1938: German govt ordered Jewish passports marked with large, colored "J" so Jews can’t pass as Christians & smuggle into Switzerland
That moment when you realized you only accomplished 3 days of school
Stopping the replay of what you could've done better and trusting your choices (and your booth Directors), makes it even more enjoyable! ;)
Just don’t give up what you’re trying to do. Where there is Love and inspiration, I don’t think you can go wrong. -Ella Fitzgerald
first things first: huge cuppa coffee, and 15 minutes of to start the day.
There is no greatness with out a passion to be great.. Anthony Robbins
: what's your problem #sinner? Too many no's at the fair and u had to resort to that #slumpbuster from yesterday
Video Production Service's #MusicVideos #EditingJobs #Commercials #Rappers #Artist Search Facebook For David Michael. SwagMyVideo.Com
thank you!
can't wait to see it!
"Jesus the name that charms our fears, that bids our sorrows cease; 'tis music in the sinner's ear, 'tis life, and health, and peace."
me or her or both? Lol
Is still haunted to this day by what I had to do for that Klondike bar..
Sometimes I wonder if I will ever be good enough.
#PCA okay I love pca but im tired of tweeting
the members of 1D are to cute!
Last Science Librarian hours of the semester, now til 1:30 in JE114.
Ive recorded more in 2011 than any other time of my life
I'm tired of sneezing :/
I'm fine baby and you? Are you still havin' exams or what? Good to see you back, darling
P.s they were deseptogons. So then my phone would transform and smash them.
Long hair don't care
Need a Marquette GIrl to pass out Flyers for our COLLEGE NIGHT THIS THURSDAY!
Fuck fuck fuck a duck screw a kangaroo finger bang an orangutan orgy at the zoo.
ma la rawe! I hope you're having fun!
Blue Man Group tonight; Orlando in a few months. The life of an (almost former) Provost is tough sledding.... ;-)
Don't let anyone put you down! Because you're a great person. And sexy. ;) HAHAHA! Love you. <U+E32D>
Don't be fooled. I love a good business meeting where I get to break some balls ;) x
Hitting the stage at 7:30 pm TONIGHT is Orange Avenue at !!
MORNING SORRY BOUT THAT TEXT YESTERDAY UMM CAN U SAY WRONG PERSON LOL
needs to accept the fact that I always win!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><U+263A>
Have plenty of charcoal. Could do either.
alright, so is there anything in particular that you guys would really LIKE me to post about? i'm all ears.
All teenage girls are obviously skanks. Yeah that's logical bro.
Who is the one actor / actress that you've not yet worked with that you would like to?
Prayer changes things!
sometimes, something isnt meant to be, and you cant keep trying to fix it.
Don't think it's true- you have ppl who just want to read facts & ppl who want to dialogue. 2 diff kinds of learning
Want the My Barbarian PoLAAT soundtrack
13-1, finally no more undefeated talk.
If you follow tell him and he will follow back
Life is amazing :)
wrappin up this new song ive been writing gonna record it when i get back to the studio tonight
Royals prospect.
hashtag is # wcma (With a "c." I made same mistake, which is why I saw your tweets.)
what are you doing up this late?
Presenter: Every moment of the day is an opportunity to share you story.
lol I was only leaning like a cholo
This year’s Homecoming festivities will be celebrated the week of 10/8/12, leading up to the homecoming game on 10/13/12, Pitt& Louisville.
Such a long day I don't even remember where my car is from this morning...
Better go back to tweeting about sports to stay out of trouble. Just saying.
Everytime you meet a guy its the same thing over and over again.
when you sing it's over,such a strange numb,it could bring back peace to the earth...so god bless you all.For the song you saved us....
or douching with Lysol. Now THAT sounds like hella fun.
I grew up in New England, so this is an easy day to stay in and be sick... in more ways than one.
It's not too late to stop in tonight!
duh!! JK! miss you tons!
My sibling life is very complicated!
I will be there at 1030!!!
How come Ronald Raygan didn't announce who he's endorsing yet?
Exactly! I continue to kill the person that did that to me with kindness. It will open a big door to better people
very welcome! :)
Thanks for the RT, Steve! You're awesome
#FF definitely follow these great #cycling people
says if wasn't for me, it would just be aweso
Excited to announce my trio's album official release date in France.. April 12th.
Thanks to all my peoples that held me down today in my video shoot!
Jennifer Anniston is the only reason I watched that movie
Registration just opened today -- right before noon.
#liber2011 Lorcan's Netflix (online video delivery) favorite categories: 1) cerebral independent films 2) romantics from the 1980s. :)
Thanks to the riders, students, staff, and volunteers for another amazing
I don't wanna miss a thing.
Visa & Niners teamed up in 2009 to put the logo on their practice jerseys. Just for practice.
Hoping this Claritin kicks in soon....
i am on my way home right now, i will try to make it!(:
lol i read that book
"Hard row to hoe"....how am I suppose to explain that in catch phrase?!
Just bought a dress from my phone while in the car on the way to the beach with EJ. I just want to be proud of me.
Slowly but surely I think I am becoming more and more of that hipster douche type I hate. I think it's too much NPR and vampire weekend.
Zimmerman's attorney is the "cowardly liar" just like his "lying" hiding client.
Jewish Proverb~ Dont open a shop unless you know how to smile.
Need to lay down
it's all good #dontownoneeither :P
if the floppy isn't actually floppy, it isn't THAT old.
STARR is gayy!.
Have y'all seen the chronicle article on black studies? , , ,
Kemp is a monster! KeMVP!!!
Johnson County paramedic loves medicine and racing
Have you texted FacebookPJ to 90210 for your change to win a #FREEPIZZA yet? If not, what are you waiting for? Normal messaging rates apply.
God bless America!!!!!!! Thank you for supporting our troops!
Having a blast with and all the gals at the Chino air show!
start busting your subs unmatured nuts a bit more then
Welcome, Mr. Luck, now it’s time to work on your cliches
Gillian Wearing, at Whitechapel Gallery, Seven magazine review: The YBA, Gillian Wearing, has an uncanny knack f..
luv you too
After today, I've decided I hate middle school children.
yes of course!
i wish spots were never made, the one ive got fucking kills grrr!
Thanks for sharing this post with your followers
Hanging out with and at house wine. Join us for some wine and relax
I hate that feeling when you want to know something but you don't want to ask.
I remember that place!
Just saw a lady using a magnifier to use her phone, just another reason we need to design tangibles better that includes interfaces!
Ericsson and Alcatel-Lucent maintained top ranks in LTE Shipments
Annual garage clean out. Good times! Just can't figure out why it looks like it's never been done before.
Brain Floss: In Vermont, it is technically illegal for women to wear false teeth without the written permission of their husband!
bloody hell- I've got malware...again :( This week's infographic will be posted as soon as I can regain access to the backend!
Made by an ass hole spammer dick
work hard, play hard.
"Where are all of the Mahomies at?" Me: "HOLLAAAAA!"
That was corny but I wanted my 2000th tweet to b special
But I didn't say a percentage forever, I said a percentage that paid back the work.
Be sure to share LAVT with your friends and family! And follow me on twitter
Love people not because they give you what you need, but because they give you feelings you never thought you needed. :)
Come by beaumont kroger and see best selling author Katherine Coulter.
That's awesome, it's a great car. Enjoy!
by Francis Chan?!
haha, ill be back on may 19th for the black rabbit caberet, you coming? =)
I don't think I want to know what that tweet was about
thnx Liz! :). Day starting out very good. Hope yours is full of smiles and blessings!
Cute watch! :-)
loll oh my gosh i really don't know what we were thinking <3
Don't forget to put your car in park when you get out of it.
Live from the kitchen
If I were to get in a fight at school, it would probably be because someone was saying something bad about Austin..
its 7:30..been taking a nap..too finals tomorrow.. hello insomnia.
Happy Monday! What are you going to do today to #unlevel the playing field?
what's wrong?
Intuition woke me up, Confidence made me breakfast, Motivation gave me my agenda & Destiny gave me its blessing to enter world & be great.
So #grateful for the new followers! Welcome.
Hey Everyone Please Check Out Our Website !! Look For Our Daily Deal's
What do we gotta do to get you in that cage?? Come on , get this man in the octagon!!
Awww thanks S.S.
I take it Don was a touch-tone early adapter...
Tomorrow playing in Detroit 9 pm, come see us
Great to see you helping spread the word about Ross. His work is important.
I feel like I am tweeting to my self right about now
set bro
I love that your blog says, like the kingdom in the Lord of the Rings movie!
guess what??
The US & Japan pledged on Friday $10 million & $3 million in humanitarian aid for refugees & internally displaced persons in Syria.
Check out new 6 course menu!!! It's a hot move
Challenge Spotlight - Austin Munoz
working on two computers and realizing the clouds are overtaking the sun.
Dance party at 11:30pm with last night in my kitchen... Roommate-less for the first time in 9 years! Perfection...
KEVIN BACON.
The riskiest thing is to take no risks
Cause they know they'll never be even close to that awesome.
THANK GOD IT'S WORKING AGAIN
#YouKnowYoureFromBostonWhen u've experienced legitimate fear that the doors that u go through at the "T" were going to chop you in half.
Listening to #SaySomethin and goodnight guys!<3
s/o to on the late B-Day shout out from #PHLIteSkooLPHAMily <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080>
Caught up on the Office tonight. If Andy leaves after this season I will be so sad =[
no it was 2
Happy birthday beautiful girl! I hope you get spoiled!!!
I Have A Day & A Half Left. I Only Wanna Talk To One Person But I See That's Not Happening So
on Gotterdammerung. Great Saturday listening!
when are u not high? lmfaooooo ;____;
Off to by my graduation shoes! 2 more weeks!
Graduated last month with BFA from OSU and sold my first piece at the great OSU Urban Arts Space! Excited for Cincy gallery scene!
Found old backpack 2007? It has disks w/ old cook's schedules I use to write. Index cards from my SDSU classes. A B1 centerpiece by cont.
man, that's sweet!
My first 25 years: expression,expansion,exploring&experiencing-so my next 25 are about family,fearlessness,financial freedom, and focus!
Happy Birthday. I hope all your birthday wished come true.
I'll get it back. Had to take an out of town trip ;)
NWS has issued a Flash Flood Warning for Clarke, Mobile & Washington Counties until 07:30 PM
Money got my mind blown
Hittin' the scene last few days revealing on many levels. Tonite I'll start at Legion (132nd btwn 7th & 8th) then late night
Thanks for giing some of our fellow Hoosiers a wonderful memory durig a tough time in life!
The parfait is a side. Idk why you were told it isn't. I'll follow up w/ owner. I'm sorry. Plz DM me so I can get more info.
and right above something dirty.
A father is always making his baby into a little woman
So long Miami. See ya next year.
Next up is Jason on tutorials used as supplements to ALR and 1L classes where they don't get a lot of time.
Anyone in Little Rock, AR?
Hate Mondays. Annoy Tuesday. Ignore Wednesday. Smile Thursday. Love Friday. Enjoy Saturday. Damn Sunday!
that's almost a Rosemary's Baby!
I never wanted to be famous. I only wanted to be great. -Ray Charles
Can't sleep x_x
Thank you for the mentions:
I used an app called Snapseed ('drama' filter :)). unbelievably gorgeous 360-deg views from up here...
236 is now in the mix of this twitter page!
Noticed that created her slideshare acct and uploaded one of her past presentations before #TRMA585 Final - great idea
Pac 12 needs to change venue of basketball tourney...the attendance and atmosphere is a joke. They are wasting good popcorn & electricity
I always seem to get sick during the UAT phase of a major project.
What she said :) #bestrong ": go to bed."
I don't know what it is about Jezebel but every time I read it, I feel like I've wronged someone egregiously.
Reading up, math scores low
all night? Thundershirts poster boy??
you really should check it out. It's where trips enoteca used to be. I was really impressed!
sorry to hear that. Obviously result vary with the writer, the needs and the fit between the two. Happy to help joe@ email
Have a killer season! I'll be watching
I hearby release the use of my name at #AAS3rdcentury. Cite me as you like.
Gr8t job hosting & judging the #VIPVOICE on #NBC4 U guys shld b on #Idol & the real
:o no honey im talking about you .... lol i is no hoe
You link dont work!
Hey! I want to know what albums or tracks would you bring with you if YOU were stuck in mine. One miner in Chile asked for Elvis. Letmeknow!
Watched a bunch of movies today with my mom. Now I am going to sleep! Goodnight!
's tweets always make me smile... Love that man!
shoutouts to for being a guy Baeza supporter and being a great boyfriend to my auntie ! :)
you'll commit suicide tryna read my mind... screw face that!
Everyone is all like "Blah blah I go out with friends on Friday night" and I'm all like "I have no friends, someone please invite me."
#boots to asses
I think Darnton was noting that big publishers were getting the work for free (faculty paid by unis & taxpayers, not publishers)
thanks for playing GARRETT!
Well yes, you can go that direction as well - comedic. Could sell them in Urban Outfitters and such.
It does me too sometimes I cry tears just flow!
70 degrees today in Chicago, I'll take it!
Birthday shout out to the one and only !! Love you so much babe <U+E32D><U+E32C><U+E112><U+E34B><U+E310><U+E312>
We are testing a major upgrade to our servers. Subscribers, please test using the basic service and let us know about any issues.
It's all about takin risks! And I am not going stop until makes the pain of balls and follows me!
Thank you for the message. Im so happy you like our site! it was created with Nurses!
Watching the day after good thing i knew the day before
she's always been great until now!
I have to finish this entire project in one night <U+E40D>. #procrastination <
Talk Derby to me
Stay tuned for an upcoming announcement of how YOU can help and be a part of Hierosonic. We have two words for you: STREET TEAMS!
Thank you man!
going to Roger's
My brother is going to a college in NYC called Dubspot.
#chsconf: preconf more basic than expected. Not sure if this is where the bar is or where the LCD is. Or bcz it was a repeat of last year?
I can't help but feel sad for the parents of #DJHenry, they deserve justice as well.
Once again thank yall for all da birthday wishes!! Last night after dinner I was full so I called it da night and never made it to da club!!
we released the shirt design on facebook, check it out! presales end on the 15th, email or DM us to order! $10!
#SHOUTOUT to because she didn't go to school! and now i have to perform with someone else! plus i took her a rose & it died -_-t
RT if u listen to songs that have lil wayne in then just for
Good preparation can look like prophecy in retrospect.
I miss you short stuff >.<
RT: #iranelection #gr88 [TEHRAN PROTEST CONFIRMED]this Sat June 20 4:00 PM Enghelab Sq. Tehran Iran Please Share any which way you can
Happy Saturday! I'm heading over to the Apple store this morning! :)
my background on this twitter.. It's new
Maybe I need to explore the Lotus Sanctuary DC or NYC?
last line makes me : ) ": Vin Scully will miss tomorrow's game. But his condition is improving. Could be back this weekend."
a male grasshopper? RT : Who have the grasshopper dick other than the Chris Bosh and Ultimate Warrior tell me
Thank you!
congratulations!!! I just got your email :)
I'm impressed you actually convinced her to do both those things.
Hand fully recovered - found a label for last year's "365.52.12" CD Project - things are happening! Hibernation is over!
My dog Sushi turned 14 today, that is equivalent to 72 human years. That's impressive.
Well I'm not closeted to the guys I've fucked, and if your a guy I know and you end up seeing my page.. well, you figure it out
If one more californian tells me I shouldn't feel cold cause I'm from new york someone is getting punched in the mouth
Advanced screening passes to #TheDictator - the new #SachaBaronCohen flick! Listen to he's got'em appx 7:30pm
Actor Fest is almost here! Come visit us at our Rapid Reelz booth, 149 In the exhibit hall for your chance to win a free scene! !
follow me #Teamdior <U+2665>
You're a winner in last week's Bobcat contest. Direct message us your adress and we'll send you the album.
what up Mr Young?
Pride is a spiritual Cancer: It eats up the very possibilty of love, or contentment, or even common sense
Prayer changes things
thank you for the #FF love! We are getting mad props on the new wrap on the
breastfeeding, but this is clearly about attention, selling copies, and righteous vanity/shock value. not my jam
Heard on radio tonight: "the person was treated in a hyperbolic chamber."
They are so relevant doe.
McIntire like to dress up as John Whitherspoon...
Dnt u jus love wen a girl say she love u. But dnt mean it.... Pshhhhhh
I think I need to get one now
about to delete my twitter!
The red moscato I picked up at the store tonight on a whim gets a thumbs up from me. So does the gazpacho a coworker of mine made. Yum!
Recent? SF LA Chicago Denver Palm Springs Boulder Phoenix Burlington MI TN “: Where have you taken your Goorin? #FreeHatFriday”
Great seats still avail for this fun event (black tie optional gala dinner) that fundraises to keep music alive with our youth!
Don't want you to buy me the world .. Just be here with me in it
when i buy new things, i also like to place them on the floor and leave them there
Death is but a trend
pouring! thundering! april showers! yay!
Happy Hanukkah! Be careful out there tonight...after that first menorah candle gets lit, those Jews turn into some rowdy assh*le sonb*tches.
I could see myself having a job here,either in casting,or writing. Oh yeah,gonna hook that up while i'm here.
think u have to use tweetdeck
I have ref desk tonight. Here's hoping for no demons.
They are better than you would think. They would be mind blowing if high.
Yum! How do you like it?
your picture is beautiful
Had a great night celebrating a friend's bday at the Rock in Bothell. Run at Carkeek park in Seattle tomorrow.
still waiting for a call back from last Friday. Damn, season starts and they forget about cha
I'm there. Checking my twitter...
not talking to you.
august 28th. mark it in your calendars! that's the last perf. that's right, ladies and gents. we're extending another week.
True story homie....
Remember when I had black hair?
“: Being at the game, but still having to watch the highlights to see what happened. TFM.”
I think u would love NC!
I can see you've been stepping up your twitter game
i read this wrong. I was speechless.
The wheels are turning...looking forward to April 27-29
Tell me about it! I just saw some guy out jogging in shorts...no doubt in denial. Tell me if you ever get down to Austin.
Pres Mike is on the mike right now!
With arms full of beer, sauerkraut and giant dill pickles, I'm surprised no one has asked me, "Are you going to Sausage Fest?"
#10ThingsIHateAboutYou "I <3 you baby and if it's quite alright I need you baby" Cant listen to that song without crackin up at
Done with my hair gn....have to get it done on the am
You do not need a parachute to skydive. You only need a parachute to skydive twice.
Ah, yes. There's the Chicagoland winter we've all been waiting for!
Nights at the office
One of the tests of leadership is the ability to recognize a problem before it becomes an emergency. ~Arnold Glasgow
I want a Panini
best ever . :) I have a question.. Does my descreption on my twitter page still say 1.31.12 ? Lol
Thanks for the follow Are you a Steelers fan?
Highlight of my day: When Mrs.True was freaking out and said s**t (:
Drain sinuses naturally: Push tongue against top of your mouth & place finger between eyebrows, apply pressure. Hold for about 20 seconds!
our luck has changed!! I think we should go to Vegas, the odds are in our favor!
The Brooklyn Nets are here!!!!
Mink tonight (:
Just had a great conversation with John over pretty much of everything, such a relaxing moment after my presentation
Just met Macy Gray at Seattle Cafe right next to my work building.
Mine too, except that it's frequently a Packers jersey, even outside of Wisconsin.
oh that's sick
Sad day when I can't even trust good ol' fashioned fountain machines. #thatwasnotrootbeer|This is why we can't have nice things, America!
I'm not the only one still here either!
Not cool? Watching people in an exercise boot camp & eating a donut in front of them. Also not cool? Yelling "Try Harder!"
"My first piece of advice: fight for your seat at the table, better yet, fight for your seat at head of the table." Obama at
inspiration can come from some of the most random things and when you least expect it :)
too tired last night to tweet, but let me say it this morning welcome back Gray's Anatomy - i actually enjoyed you last night.
it's your browser settings: go to the top left, click browser name -> preferences and you can edit all that
Its amazing what a difference a bit of sleep can make. I would like to try it more...
Earl Scruggs died. Simply the finest bluegrass picker ever. I always got that "holy shit" feeling when I heard him.
The Avengers has to be the movie of the year. Yup, I'm calling it that and it's just May. Action and awesomeness from beginning to end.
let's kiss and make up.
One of those sheep herding dogs.
hi.. do u think i could intv u on your search for airfare deals?
#white wedding
I'm a little drunk on you and high on summer time
Progressive CHILDREN LIMITED 1951 film end line "children limited should not be children forgotten."
Considerate criminals? Broke into my Jeep, stole my wallet, took the cash then mailed it back to me. Saves me a trip to the MVA I guess?
Hello to my our new followers!
Who remembers their 1st Chick-fil-A Experience? How was it?!
gym or stadium
THATS HOW YOU DEBATE!
Seriously? To commute? Well, you better watch the drinks after 5. That's quite a little drive out to the country.
guilty as charged - I am the man behind the mask
aww thank u so much <3 please tell ur friends about my stuff!
Lady in the light & a Freak in the night is what i like !
but manute could shoot the 3!
To be told I couldn't do something has always made me do just that! Yes you can!
Gross. I suffer from that frequently.
u only have one leg :o
I hear you on that one! But we can always make a little bit more room can't wait?
you act like he a weak player, why you so obsessed with him?
thank you buddy...
Happy Hanukkah everyone! How are you celebrating?
I love the pics. I grew up there and love to see new people discover it. And definitely eat at Primantis.
Appreciate the input. Looking for some valuable organizations/associations to join in Iowa.
hello your welcome
Good morning!
Let me hold a dollar!
Toshiba Set to Excite the Tablet Market with New 1 | Vendita ...
Interesting... any links to why?
Interesting proposal for an online and elite university. Any sense when more details will be forthcoming?
Motion control is decent but the new console's controller looks like an over-sized Gamecube controller with a touchscreen in the center. -.-
"preparados"? Or on their own?
Congrats dude! ‘Bout time that song hits radio.
haha detective sister
Let's do it!! RT“: I wanna get some headshots taken where I'm talking on a pay phone for all those preppy drug dealer roles”
Prayers going up today!!!!
Not looking forward to the 2:30 alarm.
is it July yet??? I wanna see Jason Aldean NOW.
Donate to a charity via your wallpaper
WHERE ARE YOU
today would be the best day ever if you followed or retweeted me! 22 days till boyfriend!!3
Almost a great week, streak busted.
OK, back to the real world, and a couple of episodes of Animal Planet's "Too Cute." Crack for cat people.
maybe I could crash in the parking lot by the VAB...ha!
kindly contain your excitement. messaging you about shoes in few. xo
The #214 had a phenomenal evening. Great job fellas
You don't concentrate on risks. You concentrate on results. No risk is too great to prevent the necessary job from getting done.
Someone just got served... Eww we lol
": I might be a work in progress, but everyday I get a little bit wiser, a little bit better, a little bit stronger."
coo . nd yea me to all day yesterday .
In Colo more than 15,000 people are homeless and 2/3 of them are children. Help now with a generous donation. Visit www.hacolo.org
either way, no bball fans really lose tonight. Oh this game is gonna be nice...real noice :))))! Can't wait!
Beautiful day for the #GuevarraWedding ! This time next yr will be ours !!!
And, tonight, offensively!
How long before pitchers and catchers report to camp?
LOVE him. RT IT'S GOD!
It's just all of these fights are making us distant.
Can yu follow please and tell her i sent yu to follow her! thankss xo
I need to stop writing comments that are as long as blog posts and just write them as blog posts.
why is she doing that?!
yes that's true haha but it's a classic, it's well worth it :)
It's bizarre being nearly entirely cut off from internet & social media here in Cuba. Feels like reporting from the past.
I had a 750 calorie day
Don't believe it.
are you waiting this week? it's been too long since i went to a blacker dinner
Anyone know how to pull data from a Zip or Jaz disk without a Zip/Jaz drive? Magic?
You need to visit Philadelphia to dine at City Tavern!
I think they are just like golden tickets but the prize is to be the OLLG and they are going to be in his CD.
I haven't heard that...but to make up 40 points? That's really not good. I wonder if Knicks have been bad or Miami good?
Tweeting from my Google Wave... :)
The Bucks being the Bucks
wsup fam dis mike nephew from dallas ...wat its gone take for u to get on da album i dont knw who to get at beside 3 letmeknw
If fail, if i succed at least i've lived as i believed, no matter wht they take from me, they cant take away my dignity.
These asian bitches is out here givin these White hoes a run 4 a pimps money
nice! I'm thinking U of M, if GM doesn't move me, but we'll see. Hope you are well!
I legit had to watch your #wedding special in segments, because I was so emotional. Such a beautiful day!
Happy Va-LIN-tine's Day!
Don't know what is more depressing, hungry emaciated children in Somalia, or obese, in the West.
you watch first take? cause they fina debate is Prince James the Greatest Player since Jordan..smh Thats Kobe all day to me...
Boxee box! Sweet... Sounds like a good time in Seattle.
We blame doctors for not participating... but let's be honest, how ePatients APPROACH doctors is just as important
I LOVE YOUU ! do you love me back ? <3
what were some of the other guesses?
I know I love my job when I can miss the Super Bowl for the first time in my life and not even blink.
When your ex asks if you can still be friends right after a break up, it's like having a kidnapper tell you to keep in touch.
Thanks for thinking of me! No one calls me in advance to invite me though…
hey thanks :) one of my planned Spring Break treats is going to your book event here in Seattle! Glad the tour started out well
I can hear these men's voices way to clearly to pee comfortably in this bathroom.
sounds good! :)
Btw i'm getting those pictures ready for you right now!
Me: YAAAAAY, GERMANY'S IN 's POLL. wait, hold on, berlin's too far away.
I just spent half the day being a movie extra. Now, I'm ready to be the STAR!
C-c-coffee
Happy Birthday cousin :)
Holy shitballs...my mother is pregnant again, with baby #7. I'm gonna be the Liesl of my very own Von Trapp family.
I'm delayed 5+ hours at #ORD BC your plane has mechanical problems. Please msg me. I need info!
IT'S THE RIGHT ARMPIT UP IN HUR HOLLLLLLLA
RT : RT : Excited for female founded startup launch. Tailored-to-perfect blazers a click away!
You're all that I hope I'd find, in every single way.
are you grumpy again today?
Excited! Getting new ideas to pitch from savvy editor Leslie Wooldridge At
What if the boys' come out of our posters,and just chill and watch tv and right before you wake up jump back into the posters.WAKE ME UP BRO
i just don't like LeBron
I'm on Tweetdeck now but via an OLD version.
okay followed :) thanks for the follow <3
Why would I mess up 's room? *tries to think back and rubs forehead* I can't remember.
"I'm Tristan MacManus and im the hot one on dancing with the stars". !! yes, yes you are(:
Just saw my baby boy kill and eat a roach !!! So proud!
just broke a nail
Thx for the #FF! and the word is now out
Andy Pettitte That's Who
Join Agnieszka Iwanska tomorrow at 6pm at the Naperville Jazz Festival. See you there
“: lol so I see :)” where are you hiding at? I haven't seen you yet!
Your brain is not your mind; the brain is governed by The Mind... -MindFirstFitness
Do you know what a QR code is? Are you using them?
Stop by the this afternoon for tons of turkey, food, and drink to celebrate an amazing year.
Nice early Sunday morning... good morning all!
you're welcome. Hope to cross paths soon!
": #OneThingILove: 'good morning' texts."
getting ready for a good week.
Okaay, tumblr is too slow, Facebook gets boring, and I don't know anyone on twitter anymore... Whattheheck.xD
Haha I do enjoy being a Renaissance (Wo)Man! But it's a lovely picture, extra hair and all!
A guy gave me a quiz on theoretical physics to see if I learned anything from our facebook conversation. I failed it. :/
cant wait to see me sister!<3
I will check out your schedule. My girls would love to see you perform. Be well girl.
Hey y'all should play in Boone, NC. Its a great mountain town with a good college music scene built around
Notes about Tickets: International Airline Tickets
best in the business at preparation - Boals and Latkovic!
Meaning, I hope they arrive!
WGU is responsible for scoring work submitted through TaskStream. Please contact your WGU Mentor with any grading questions.
Dawn of the Municipal Chief Innovation Officer in , featuring , , and /via
no DNA sample?
If I saw you in the pouring rain, the illusion wouldn't be the same. I think you should know, you'd still be strangely beautiful.
THAT is the sign of a good librarian. Perfect. Now I'm ultra-insipired. :)
Who's coming to the show tomorrow night? Fun times will be had by all! Special guest opens the show!
Exactly, he had right t carry a gun, also to defend himself in case he felt threatened,result, we have a kid who had candy dead.
aye dicks! I don't look like that asswholes lol
For instance we rarely let any beans go much past 450~ °F
Srsly, when someone wants to argue with me, they use 1D to bring me out of focus. NOT FAIR I TELL YOU!.
delete this stupid !!!
glued my hagen-renaker hackney pony today. tommorow it goes back on its base. still looking for a replacement in mint condition.
I knew it was a bad idea giving you a ticket.
LOL thanks yup I'm loving this until tomorrow that is :(
The first time I had a McFlurry I thought the spoon was a straw.
Econ Dev? Hunter focused revitalization fund. McDuffe seems best thought out for development.
Every one of our branches got bomb threats on Friday -- plus a couple of schools.
awesome. Thanks and can't wait to watch!!
I bet pulls a Vegas today and doesn't make the show. Oh well, there's always next year.
Difficult takes a day...impossible takes a week. 2nd time I've heard that in 2 weeks. Must mean something...goin to marinate on that.
in NYC until Saturday...Sunday brunch?
Both. One lead to the other.
Fantastic win or devastating loss. No middle ground on this one.
Unable to attend #PodCincy this weekend, but curious to learn more about it! Will be following. :)
ARE YOU?!
i really be ignoring tf outta ppl sometimes ..
Hopalicious accounts for 60% of beer sales; brewery will use 12 tons of Cascade hops this year in Hopalicious. -- AA newsletter
But they're ready to go first thing tomorrow :-)
how is that a bad thing?
was amazing by the way. Come visit #NYC this summer and we'll go!
Shitty ride on me. (;
Why? RT Removing the word "fanboy" from my vocabulary.
Reading about RDA makes my head hurt.
I am really digging the Dirk Gently series. He is such a horrible, loveable person.
You can always leave me a voice mail, but I'll send you alternate phone numbers to try. Thanks!
I appreciate the tweet!
Was reading Haggai this morn ~ only 2 chapters in it ~ and it's all about priorities. Where is God on my list? On yours?
Last week to see Michael Menchaca's Of Migratus a haunting, color explosion and layered exploration of immigration in America.
In the late 1800s Cincinnati had qualifications for police officers: "high moral character and foot speed".
Another Wednesday with Whitney (for McKinley Hinshaw) I love these days!!!
bruhh I'm a gurl not a dude lol
&quot;We need radical experimentations to answer the questions around dwindling resources and increasing populations&quot;
The browns better not pick Justin Blackmon I'm calling it now that he won't be the best receiver out of this draft.
My pen just ran out of ink. Wikimania submission assessment fail?
show us a picture Austin :)
Peer to peer learning is best way for librarians to increase confidence, solve problems, & generally go for it. #dcsla O’Connor
We drew our winners for the free skylight from The Natural Lighting Co.! Congratulations to Mona G., Dolores W. and Jonni G.!! Enjoy!
**scratches head**
abe kitna padhta hai..you'd be having your own library by now.. :P
And, the Bears lost a tough one last night. My dad can rejoice. I like Cutler & look forward to next week vs Pittsburg. Go Bears!
I wish tweets could contain gifs. Because oh man oh man oh man. I watched the finale last night and I was like .... wut... dead.
watched some of your videos. love your style im going to keep up with ya
woah thats weird look at my last tweet
Who's the hot chick hanging off of Ben Kingsley? Yowza!
change halls password twitter got hacked it was just on the news lol
I don't know how you got my home address, , but please contact me here from now on. My wife, Jennifer, might get the wrong idea
WOW Im finna go in on you tomorrow......K BYE A.J
Long Beach State and NC State are my upset specials
Hope everyone had a great weekend Specyphi fans are a Amazing. We posted a couple of new videos check them out. Specyphi what you believe
I've found a reason for me. To change who I used to be. A reason to start over new. & the reason is you.<3
Hey buddy! DM your address in AZ, gotta send you some music I owe you!!
Wake people up and send them to the right place - THE FEDERAL RESERVE! That is the queen spider!!
THE LEGEND OF BUSTER NEAL by Jackie Alexander, opens at ETA in Chicago Thursday, January 12
hi #pubmedia -- i'm chris beer, web developer for wgbh interactive.. enterprise-y intranet sites are pretty horrid.
December 21st presents at with special judge . Doors open at 7pm, show starts at 8pm
Day 1 of spring semester.
I hear you. Texting from a kindle.
Yep. And commenter Usha Nellore added "priapism" to our readers' vocabulary. Never know when that's going to come in handy.
Sarahs in a SUPER good mood today.....
This is the strangest gig i've ever had - feels like I'm on an acid trip playing solo saxophone at an Egyptian crack house. Because I am...
Anybody who believes that the way to a man's heart is through his stomach flunked geography.
Philip Oldham confirmed as new president of Tennessee Technological University
More people need to understand eye rolls as constructive criticism.
- Hiya, Ive seen your videos on youtube! I Luhbs Them (: <3 Your accent. x (:
I'm just a bill on Capitol hill.
Forgetting the mutant turtle thing - isn't weird that April O'Neil, a professional working adult, hangs out with a bunch of teenagers?
would HS students be allowed to attend, if they were accompanied by a parent?
Come to the social media cafe now hall 8b #drupa for a presentation by Seshaasai Business Forms on how to delight your customers
you should feel honored!!
RT : A meeting site has opened for Va. Beach residents affected by #jetcrash at Va. Beach Community Chapel, 1261 Laskin Road
RT : But after hearing the cost of a clutch replacement on the Carrera GT, I'd rather oogle someone else's!
Gray days in LA... so rough...
A Kentucky derby mint julep sounds so good right now...
Back to back.
LOVE YOUR VIDEOS! :D
LOL that was classic!
Are you ready for some football?
Oh my god Im so happy and wide awake now! Woo
RT: "How are you going to ask that question this close to Cinco de Mayo?" Good point. Especially on LA.
Screw Jim Tressel and OSU, today is about the people who serve our country, not you! Your "shocking" accouncement could have waited 24 hrs.
Thanks for the follow Shayna! ( :
Happy Easter Everyone!!
That sucks ... guess #NBC wants to continue to be a crappy network. 8 million viewers down the drain.
yeah! They did a good job of covering that up.
Add me on LiveProfile my PIN is LPFFWIQZ
when did he vote against labor? please provide one example...!
National Take Your Child to Work Day. I remember my old man took me to the Post Office. He was the boss. People were really extra nice.
The #garden on my patio is looking good! Half of my seeds have sprouted, looking to acquire a small kumquat tree and maybe lemon or lime!
Holy cow! I just saw the picture of you and the cockatoo.. Lucky! That's my dream bird! I have 3 spoiled tiels instead.
when we fall in love, we're just falling in love with ourselves.
anybody wanna go hunting for morels with me?
Congratulations on your 700th appearance! You did it as you do everything with class and great results. You painted a beauty!
ha ha better not if ur fam eat like you nobody gettin fed lol
I get it except Kc has a winning record on road too. Weird
Congrats on the #Grammy nom! Carl Maraghi, Michael Dease, Steve Wilson, and Xavier Davis!
Yea! It Does
At least put a password on your phone!
can i please have a shoutout? lovee you <3
It's finally here, the Virtual Vino LIVE internet wine show - check it out at www.VirtualVinoLIVE.com - would love to hear your comments...
Could you please get yo dick out my omelet
Would like a franklinator
These Last 2 Weeks Are Going To Be Stressful -______-
Worrying about shit that ain't even important
Sad to not see former #SportingKC player Davy Arnaud in the starting line up for the Montreal #Impact tonight
okay, no I followed you <33
beat off the French! Tisk risk. Sounds gay to me!! Where do I sign up?
What makes #PDX awesome??? #Healthy people that know all about that #good life attitude.
For when I think I've lost my way. And there are no words here left to say it's true, God gave me you.
what is gay days?
hey whts up
RIGHT NOW #Obsessions Brings LIVE!! #X #PoleDancer #Strippers #Ass ALL OVER THE PLACE TONIGHT // 4525 Glenwood Rd Decatur Ga
“: Been a fan of your game, hope that you will help the Knicks. Ziveo (In Serbian meens cheers) :)” thank you
I hope Mario Williams' fiancee is one of those chicks who loves the spotlight, she's certainly getting her fair share today
At Elevate ^.^
I'll main both technically, I'm putting a bit more time into UMvC3 as of late. I have to focus on Marvel more for tournies.
I am pretty irritated.
At work: Nat Geo today: Hr1 good news, world population to level in 2050. Bad news: at 9 Billion Hr2 explorer in 21st cent w Bob Ballard.
Chillin' at the pool with the family.
Just when you try to gently get your foot in the front door, some jerk on your team kicks in the back window.
I tweeted and I can't get up. www.freekshowradio.com
I lost my fucking sunglasses and I am P'd O.
Disneyland is a #CastleAlways to me
Set it up two weeks before time.
What''s up with "pink slime" in some supermarket ground beef? I buy only organic ground beef from Whole Foods! Shame on the
I hope you are right.
I can hardly keep up with this match.
My hearts a stereo.. It beats for you so listen close.. Hear my thought in every note..
Merry Christmas from everyone and and have a great new year
Let's go
Thanks for tip 2 pre-check my luggage! Saved about $20!!
What's wrong with news websites? What do they do poorly from site to site?
Thanks for the follow, Damian.
Last but not least brother. All for One and One for All. Marcus Garvey "One Love"
No. I've seen the Game Show of the same name on CBS back in the 80s.
#franglais hay fever? Nez nez, I'd rather not.
. team showing clip of upcoming doc "Weight of the Nation" at So excited to see the full film next month.
What's up all you peeps
Looking to finance or refinance an overleveraged multifamily property whose value has taken a nosedive? Remington can help.
We no longer think ur an idiot Taylor! UTSA has ur paid support, so we'll take it!
Five hours before imaging begins. Plenty of time to reach the end of the Internet. Again.
Tortilla is the oven for some chips and salsa. Need a snack for
"the only reason why you're scared, is cause you wanna be with me too"
#Castle&Beckett for the win!
“: UTA sports are ballin out this year. Time to add a football team” Seconded.
Can't have that happen we will b lost RT : I gotta stop tweeting so much or I'll be in Twitter jail before the episode is even over.
what is it!?
The bus sucks, but I guess it's better than walking- when you get on the right one.
Dental, aged care focus of health budget
Sure. Thanks for reaching out.
Like, real bad
Now how you doing? ;) just thought you might like our music. Follow us you won't regret it. Thanks
I would kill for a decaf and almond milk! my gluten sugar dairy caffeine free diet blows when traveling
EVERYONE GO FOLLOW BECAUSE I LOVE HER SO MUCH AND SO DOES HARRY STYLES. <3
My thoughts exactly. RT We checked at 10:01 & it says no tickets avail for the weeknd. There's no way it sold out in a minute...
I dig Shakespeare.
I see hell got a NEA grant
RT : Love it like it is
Some girl just bit me
awww feel honored! Ps- I want gator plates gdi!!!!!!
Went to #tedxdepaulu yesterday...this one seems a lot more organized.
I the lobby of a restaurant. 4 pairs of brown Uggs & there's me with my adorable patten hounds tooth sperry topsiders. Everyone is jealous.
hello carla how are you " I see you are a big fan of Guns N Roses that is awesome .
may u all have a blessed and relaxing sunday
I think you're missing out... :)
Imani: "hotness is...based on...the softness/enormity of your heart." John's Anaylsis: "...all the females have caught Johnorrhea."
Good question. It really depends on the glycemic index of the fruit. Not all fruits are created equal.
i won't give up on you... i promise..
. At 5'1¾" I wouldn't know. I can stand up on airplanes... in the window seat *under* the overhead bins. ;-)
you know who's really great? You are sir!
i need more followers follow follow follow
The problem is someone will try to convince you that they know the answer no matter the question
: Just love learning about a these #dc startups!
This one goes to eleven. Shut the fuck up Donnie!
Do you have a Data Center question you need answered? Call us 913-859-0177
He's Mine , You May Of Had Him Once But iGat Him All The Time !
Sold out and closed a tad early. Thanks Liz, with 4 sandos and a Mexican coke. Said they hadn't yet gone to bed... crazy night I guess.
Can't wait to see my love tomorrow and go I the casino!!! #Mohegan Sun
I don't know that i've ever had crawfish that were too salty so I say go for it if you want.
Hey, will you go like my sisters website it's called The Inked Fairy on FB?
oh yea I forgot! Bo you a seafood hater!
u still at work kid
Change your expectation for appreciation and the world around you will change.
how/why are your eggs so much healthier than others? I'm a big fan/believer, but would love to know how this is possible!
time to put your phone away , now go win this thing..
Who is all on Bascom Hill?!
That's from a zombie movie isn't it? Or is it Walking dead? :O
Procedure or operation? A “procedure” is any surgery performed on someone else. If it’s performed on you, it’s an operation.
bye bye Jonathon...here it comes
I don't know!! Our county is pretty strict about no excuses... Maybe a picture of Maggie? :)
Really? They have a playbook?
RT : Gonna try to knock out another Bag O' Tweets for tomorrow so tweet me your ACC questions and comments.
maybe you should discuss that with your coach / executive staff.
Agree on Made in USA. Republicans have no economic patriotism. Unbalanced trade with China & others is a sure path downhill for US
RT : Are you better off now than 3 1/2 years ago? 1-877-847-6437 I want to hear what you think. //NOPE, Im not
Ridin round w/ that nina
I hope she don't start singing if she do I am leaving
keep dreaming big, my friend
Great Hotel on The Upper West Side To Make Your Base of Operations 2178 Brdwy77St212.3621100
"It's gotta be the shoes!"
haha. At least you guys have good attitudes about it!
Vlad to Toronto? Bill Hall & Miggy w O's? Watered down league/sport/talent reality? Or am I just being a jerk?
Djing tonite @ Rejects Sports Bar!! Come party with yo boy!!
Yep. Saw a bunch of eliminations. It was quite interesting and sad at the same time.
Love? I don't get none, that's why I'm so hostile to the kids that get some
I love my grandma
Rain storm = $450 Target binge
that's a lie. And apparently its pretty good.
#2011in4words THE BEST YEAR EVER :D
woo hoo! Fun things to do all over #Greensboro!
What will YOU eat during #HungerGames premiere week? Both Paleo and vegetarian seem appropriate for the tone. Free range chicken?
Time to pass out I guess. Gotta get up early and a long day of work ahead.
Lets make it easy for Hey ? #FreeChrisLoeschAgain Stop caving into the LiberalTwitGetsapo !
Love you Rodney!
I need to grind down some burrs on the chassis before I can finish my amp project.
RT : Happy 50th Birthday to the Memorial Coliseum. This day in 1960, the building hosted its 1st event, Holiday On Ice!
hahahahaha More like outstanding :D hahaha
one of these days imma have a Y.O.L.O moments or more lol
I root for u and big Ben Untill Nov. When we melt the steel. Like we made Grill Cheese outta A. Rogers and Green Bay
yep, that's a sexist notion. Why not have more than one guestpost on the topic?
If I found out I only had a week to live, & could go anywhere in the world,I think I'd go to the hospital cus dat sounds serious.
Literally just saved my brother from my dog puking on his face. He admits it still would have been funny if I didn't.
Awww poor taylor swift
morning! How are you? Follow me please! So no? Right okay I still love you.. Always
Tennis with bauer at dolores park
In the new James Bond movie, 007 is ditching his famous vodka drank, what should his new go to #drink be?
big Sean kills it. N that chorus jams. I don't remember the lyrics though.
Want to Join an Amazing Team? WE'RE HIRING! Apply here to work at the #1 Best Staffing Firm in the US ranked by our own employees!...
Apush review session... Umpiring at 1
Finals start next Wednesday
That was a good first half.
I really don't believe watersports should be competitive. With me, they're much more like watergames!
Everything is great!! On the West Coast at the moment but heading to the Midwest in early June. Hope ur rocking, Randy!! \m/
We love
#milwaukee Need base shoe for a radius stair? No problem- WE STOCK IT! 12' lengths, works great and can be painted or stained!
it makes me feel good to have family contact me to thank me for researching our fam history...it has brought family together...
Liv love you, but you have got to get some better shoes
The best thing in life is finding someone who knows all your flaws, mistakes, & weaknesses, & flaws but still thinks ur amazing
Just remember to live your life to its extent cause one day we're all gonna die...
I'll be in UM thursday. Anything I should take with me?
People these days are quite heartless this poor kid is obviously homeless and they go and tell the people at fat cats and get him kicked out
damn girl miss ur face
1 “: OK, I'm pretty much done with the doggie snark. #caring”
Amen to that, sister. Add to that a woman of reproductive age.
Need to finish selections for proofs from shoot w/ Mary Firenze. So hard to make my picks - good problem to have.
When is the concert?
Happy Sunday! Start the week off stronger - get a good workout! Anytime! And it's just a 5min drive!
Sure will lol “ that movie is scary son. Enjoy!”
I love you Jess. You're amazing. I wish i could talk, hug, kiss, and smile at you everyday, all the time. I feel really bad.
hahaha. Good time
"Keep fighting the good fight." - Art Directors and Social Gurus will enjoy this fun campaign by DDB New York. (via )...
what channel holy fart?!?!?!?
- It was pretty awesome.
911 Calls released in #Powell house explosion murder case - I don't know if I want to listen - check out www.komonews.com 4 deets
I teach 1st-3rd Self Contained;We need calculators, educational computer programs,& $ for Smart brd & projector ; )
At pep boys getting my car fixed and I'm super bored!
Everyone up for #PetQuest on Sept 27th?
Hartselle JV rallies to beat Lawrence County
Failure doesn’t come from falling down, but it comes from not getting up.
even busier friday
I disagree with the result of today's stage of the Giro. should've won. Petacchi cut Cav off twice, which isn't legal racing.
lmao i know right!
the offical wm 28 the blue one that was i was there
Correction: 5 Canadian magi have made it to the Londion Palladium stage-- Allan Shaw, Juliana Chen, James Dimmare, Jason Byrne, Erix Logan.
Don't do it Freeze warnings for tomorrow night
OK, so Google the word "askew." Then Google the phrase "do a barrel roll." Then share this.
oh my gosh I just switched it there and forgot about bachelor
Fact: The He Say/She Say epidemic increases 90% when the weather gets nice.
Miss being in NC for #marchmadness -- just not feeling the #ncaabball passion and fury in Silicon Valley...
ME TOO!!
Hm, iodine sold out everywhere. How curious...
GEMINI AT MOONDOG TAVERN TONIGHT. 2 hours until showtime!!
Earth told us she's not one to reveal her true age.
Whoops. I'm too anti-social for social media. Margarita's!
Never shall a tone that is not earthen grace my wardrobe.
DAMN RIGHT I GOT IT
sixers game so intense
Is there just the tiniest possibility that all of those so-called subtweets were never about you? Hm?
besides that & a couple other details it's not all that different... we weren't robbed all these years! love the guitars!!
I'm a tweeting bitch!
It's no wonder the '76 Hoosiers went undefeated with a PG like Quinn Buckner. He really understands the game of
Shout out to & for putting us up to 500 followers. We realize it's only one of many round, composite integers, but thx!
Bennett would fit right in at UK, free throw shooting is suspect.
Pedicures rock!
Back to work...
With tying runs in scoring postion #RedSox survive Top 9th #Indians rally and win 7-5 Game was near 4-hr marathon at
I'm on the jersey shore bitch. #waitno I'm like an hour away .
I wish that I could tell you something to take it all away
Rangers Game!
very nice
We're really busy because of this recent heat wave - who would have thought temperatures would be this high in March??
Learn to breath here, out last everyone. Ask Olympians.
I met with an ambitious & talented Free-Lance Graphic Designer last week. If any Printers need some Design help, let me know! 888-BRAUSSE
It gets harder & harder to fall asleep every night...
Writing, writing, wedding stuff, working, sleep, work, writing, work.
no it was for a bet, and he was talking crap about them.
To everyone who made this year so memorable: THANK YOU! Love, Superfood.
Uncle jessy just got destroyed!
When I want you, all I have to do I dream <3
#slapit like a 50 year old dancing at The Who concert.
Playing catch up today. PT conferences Thursday.
You're going to love it! Thanks for the tweet!
Your blog post made me sad... I'm so sorry. Thinking of you! xoxo
A man/boy should never disrespect his mom. Ever.
hey mama, give me a call when you get a chance, please
In 1942, President Franklin D. Roosevelt signed a measure creating the Women's Army Auxiliary Corps, whose members came to be known as WACs.
I feel like I need a mini vacation....
What students are we talking about here? And what sort of public work?
& Ooh I forgot to tell u I'm ina softball league! It's so fun we play every Wednesday. Come watch me & I'll hit you a homerun!
Results of our Locks tonight gone final: Reds W, Pit/Fla Under 7 W, Nationals W, Wash/SD Under 7 L, Hou/Phi Under 8 W...So far 4-1!
game not ready for leaderboard yet, not all pars have been defined (v6o-bu)
oh Jesus... What now? WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?
Wanna get "He's a Nole, He's a Gator" license plates? RT “: Happy Bday to a guy I haven't communicated with for years.”
Dear NYC, What the hell is up with your weather tonight? Sincerely, Me.
dude, you are the bomb. Keep making music and I'm glad the Limp is back! I hope you guys keep it real and just "break stuff".
Ready to love with all I have
So proud of my #chelseafc boys. Even two days later. Perfectly executed defense led by John Terry.
I need a fire truck for my throat! Why do we catch colds just before the weekend?
waiting for the cable guy. Exciting!
I'm encouraging them to throw just for my entertainment ..lol...
great to see you at aud.
Making plans to attend #ReBootCamp w/USM social media crew. Can't wait to meet FSU's in person. Many collaborations ahead.
I like white teeth.
Real Talk..I Tweet Just To Pass The Time/Say Cute Shit To My Girlfriend.
missed a chance to evoke fear in me with a talk full of stats and platitudes. Surely he uses stories in his writings?
What great timing that new garlic, basil and tomatoes all come ready at the same time in Northeast gardens.
wow, can't believe it's already time for school shows again. i kind of miss it. #foreverhorton #bittersweet good luck to all my dancers. :)
Its super nice outside! im bout to go run around and act like im 5 again :D
PREACH can we get a follow, we produced Vontels CD with Fo Life Records back in the day.. The Orphanz
Yes, it certainly sounds interesting. is there with you, and he's been tweeting about it, too.
What do you think has been the most significant moment in #Georgetown's 223 years of history?
Fenty: we upset a lot of people, but we "moved the needle." Enrollment, test scores went up.
I got you bro with summer coming around I'll find the time for real
saw u on tv loved it. U look great and so happy! Big love to u!
we love
Don't forget Susan Smith too.
omg I have some like that !!
is a classy man, if ur near a tv, turn on the Presidential News Conference. I liked the way he spoke abt women in this country!
. Sounds like sales peeps who don't take no for an answer and just think they'll wear you down eventually.
": The peace you seek is always there. It sits quietly and calmly beneath everything else that has been piled on top of it.":-)
Would be awesome. Come hang out at the beach!
very happy about Peyton
You're welcome!
criminal justice! Check out our program.
Me: "Yeah, I love video games! Know what I'm good at?" 4th grader: "Reading??"
baby oil song lol man u did a great job in the movie funny mr. brown told u, u should be a modler lol great job tho bro...
Sick and creepy, huh? Sounds like a good combo.
Just got ready bout to go out
WHAT! Wilson->Wright Amazingness
Look at your phone...... Now Playing
the chat-and-cut is punk as fuck
We've booked for one of our awesome sponsors! They'll be handing out goodies! Check out their van on Feb 26 at SD!
Why do we continue to support movies like "THE HELP".?
RT : Do good by stealth, and blush to find it fame. ~Alexander Pope
Im talking about liquid, rich enough to have your own jet, rich enough not to waste time.Fifty,a hundred million dollars.A player,or nothing
love you thank you so much <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0098> and of COURSE ha
#TheWalkingDead Latest episode was better than the previous. But overall the character development is slow & flip flops.
Shout out too the prolific pot smoker!!
k. am making things lively in here..wanna ring twitter doorbell and see if he wants to come out & play :D
Thanks for sharing I'll definitely try to make it out to 's vintage trunk show!!
Good Morning , we're hoping to see you this weekend for .. Can you make it to #MidtownMiami on Saturday ?
today i'm traveling... destination not clear
Mothers: I love you all! Happy Mothers Day! www.globalpointpr.com
thanks Rod for the RT, this interview should be of interests since you are moving into the TV business
You make me smile! <3Allen
We exist to inspire salon owners!!!
The line for YG in concert at Sunshine Theatre is ridiculous!
Check out our friends yo.
asked who it was. I could only identify the artist since i'd never heard it before. She did the legwork.
She down to ride and deserves a boss who down to provide_
#CountryIsBetterThanRap because we have the CMAs. End of story.
Great DJ at this party but I can't wait till the band goes on!
even though I love him... and he loves me smh ITS NOT MY PROBLEM
Nice botch, Cena.
Up All Night
anyone that doesn't want you is crazy! :D
yeah I do. Its not too bad.
Stupid middle school drama.!
PB Cup! Ugh, gonna be a fatty day!! :)
*curtsies in thanks to the kind gentleman* :-D
Ah..too late. I'll save the Swayback tickets until tomorrow after 1 pm.
#TuesdayTwitterTips..comin' atcha! Today's tips supply ways to cut summer energy costs via !
I KNOW RIGHT? I'd Be Happy If The BF's Were There :) With Kaba Modern And Other Crews We Like :) I'd Be Super Happy :D
Top of the month to you! In my world, it's all about April social stats analysis. How about you?
Working on new menu with Chef Tre'. Have a great Organic Flat Iron and Organic Cheeseburger from Black Earth Meats we'll be featuring,
thanks for the FF! Sorry it's a bit belated ;)
I would like to do a solo if i could please first lady and other saints praise God
Thanks for the follow!
Betsy Drake and Cary Grant on TCM. Wonderful to see Betsy in a film. Hope she's doing well. She's a remarkable woman.
If karma doesnt hit you
nobody in Texas calls soda
Tomorrow I believe, unless they call me into work but doubt it cause I normally work wens, thrus, friday, and sat.
I'm at #weightofthenation screening at the Carter Center. Let's get healthy people. I've lost 64 lbs and made goal. Thanks
Congrats Chris! You're gonna kill it! RT : Thankful and blessed to be able to go to work as a 49er!
10k pot limit holdem today if the rio will recognize my wire or let me use my bellagio chips. if not ill just stand in the cage and rage
Tired of these lonely nights..I just realized. While everyone else is always out, I only get invited if I get them in VIP or a private party
I will
just saw new video ; love it !
I Want To Go See Battleship
We must have vintage game night sometime soon!
Time to flip the script!
please follow me I love you so much and you are so gorgeous <3
RT : You were amazing!So glad I got to be at the front,center!!!Seriously, best show I've been to in 2012 <3
"The new judge that's expected to make everyone go crazy!" Uhh, NO. Britney fucking Spears will be shit on X Factor. Fox bosses fucked up.
Well where do u live? We may be coming “: wish I could see u live hell yes I do is amazing ur very talented”
Real talk.
Looking forward to reading your tweets & connecting!
lol yeah then you have to make like 29639163830308651 cards haha
you talk to much, shut up.
you are Bitch
and you?
I try never to pick cup drivers in Nationwide races.
just finished another Railstutor tutorial: ActionMailer - what's next?
I appreciate all my followers! Thank you all.
uh - in my sci-fi collection. You of all people should know that. Sci-fi and baroque.
Hello monks peeps
Because DA is the fu**ing man
Get at us... Running special for the rest of Febuary... #TheSocialNetwork revolution. Contact founder for more details!
Talked with Tony Wolters for a bit tonight. Such a nice guy!
My alarm clock interrupted me in the middle of a dream about attending ALA. What the hell, brain? DREAMING ABOUT ATTENDING ALA?
I know huh! #arizona4thewin :)
Can't believe all the hotels are booked in the San Juan Islands this weekend. Bad for me, good for the economy!
Having a strange day
I have seen some of those & I don't get the point. But to each his own. In the end i just don't follow them.
Michael Bay: "In my vision of Muppet Babies, they are warlocks trying to enslave mankind. Beaker will be a giant creature made of manure."
Home stretch nothing! weeks and weeks more! Ah
lol sorry I love girls simple as that. But hey I'm your wingman I'll help you find mr right!
RT : I've submitted two workshop proposals for a letter writing workshop & one for another zine organizers event.
do you have a good human body shop you can recommend? I think it's maintenance time for me too.
Have a great weekend everyone!!
you're about 2 days late buddy
Been having a ton of business meetings lately!! but im back on Twitter
National Grilled Cheese Day? LOL yum I love grilled cheese..
thanks! Well keep checking back with us for updates to see how you can get involved! :)
glad you like BigOven! We'd love a review in the apps marketplace...
yeah just tell me then
Got stuck with a near empty tank too ~ RT : Gas prices way up: Locally prices jump nearly a quarter in last week.
Let me know... Happy new year to you, your family and the WNST Staff.
Happy B-Day to tha homie
Had the best birthday yesterday!!! I love my family <3
I'll be there tomorrow night, then on the 14th-17th.
You have to beat the Thunder inside and slow the game down. San Antonio will do that.
And they're GONE! Gobbled up by very thankful kids and a very thankful aunt.
'Breathe Me' by Sia is one of those songs designed to make you cry every damn time.
How was your lunch? We hope you loved it!
actually i still cant see them & lmao, i thought u were ignoring me but im on the computer again
(Ggfffttggbbvcxddddghhhjjjhuuuf) - Thats what my stomach sounds like
We still have to decide on our back-end technology. You think node.js is mature enough for a startup?
The French Cut Connection
Good Quote: Do you know that the harder thing to do and the right thing to do are usually the same thing? Nothing that has meaning is easy
That didn't answer my question you whore.
I'm going with you to the game, kp wants to sleep
Relocating to The Village at Westlake Villa Salon & Spa September 5,2011
I changed my car horn sound to gun shots. People get out of my way much faster now.
I can finally see my desk again!
Looking forward to sharing info with you.
Waiting with to see !! Can't wait!
Crazy to read the passing of MCA. Use your time here on Earth on the things you want to accomplish because you may never get the opportunity
Life isn't about waiting for the storm to pass; it's learning to dance in the rain. ~ Unknown
ugh! I'm #missingcali myself! Haven't been back since I moved
gimme gimme gimme!
Crate Diggin' in itunes...Now that's gangsta
TRAFFIC ALERT! City residents and commuters urged to avoid Downtown til 6pm. High traffic volume expected. Please plan an alternate route.
#FF I'm #Following back : ThankYou ;)
thnx.... Follow me on my account this one is boring
I want to have my tummy rubbed and take a nap.
Hey now, I've went on 3 bike rides in 2 weeks.. The investment will pay off fellas!
Stop looking here and clean woman!
Hunt: lesson 2 is to question stereotypes, always.
Evil. Might learn more about yourself v learning nothing at all. RT Would you rather have an evil boss or a spineless boss?
“: He does have magic ^_~” you wanna touch his wand
Morning! No headache today, but I am tired! Need a nap this afternoon. How are you all?
Honest question. The Browns were taken from us (Cleveland) yes?.It took multiple years of Browns fans emailing calling sending letters
ONE FREE DRINK & ONE FREE APPETIZER PER GUEST!
i think we've got a multimillion dollar idea here.
why text me at 2am, if you're just not gonna reply?
I could legit pass out right now.
Finna get that "TF out my face" vibe in a min tho
Did my 1st Lady have a baby bump today in Savannah Ga???
I like the subject and medium of your URL. I have written for A #anth out in Feb. & can supply my writing. Need writers?
Hey , cut some major slack! First, you should've kept 'Pushing Daisies' on the air. Now 'GCB' is gone? Dang.
S/O to the DHS Class of 79 #gobulldogs!
No - it was before blogs were invented. Before I even had a digital camera or cell phone. About 15 years ago I think :)
oh my god yes
I've Been Fucking Up Lately.
And here comes " free bird"
People don't take action, they simply react. The next time you are about to take an action, pause and think. Is this a response or reaction?
Happy Birthday!!
Yeah.. I hate YouTube! Lol.
Thanks man! I appreciate the feedback
Well.. #nickandmomhangoutday has turned into #nickandmomdochoresallday. Not awesome.
im sayin there will be plenty more
Can't dispute that turnover!
So whats everyone doing on the "FINE NIGHT"? C;
RT: Guys that wait a million hrs to text back after they asked u out r such tools-and yeah we won't be going 2 applebees now.
Family brunch at Owen Brennan's was delicious. Today is a good day.
“: Occupy archives. un-digitized data locked ...should have the chance to be crowdsource ... #aag2012” Already doing for
#n00brarian via is my favorite hash tag of the day. Definitely deserves a #FollowFriday for the lolz!
I'd really like to see Aoki bat 2nd and Gamel 4th, the mix of L / R would be tough for opposing RH arms.
Hot air balloons over Boise this morning.
I Rather Spend Money, Not Time.
made a plan with Deirdre, not really sure what to expect. We'll have water, food, and a car full of gas. Hoping the patio door holds up.
has single-handedly reinvented my love for
...Ever tried Brio in Town Square? It's great there & I love Maggiano's I've had their bacon wrapped dates lol...Enjoy ur night!
#FF #Follow your heart, your gut, your nose, the wind, the logic, the bouncing ball, and nobody but yourself.
wow arla wow :E lol hahaha ill get u back for that one babe
DONE! :D
nope I'm addicted to money and hair weave ;)
#SaySomethin is the best song, no joke <3 "You're the hottest and everybody knows" ;) <3 Love you Austin! #ProudMahomie ^_^
#Onlyinmovies Most laptop computers are powerful enough to override the communication systems of any invading alien civilization.
rainy sundays are movie days.. what am I doing in the lib?!
My sisters are the best fucking people I know end of story
BEKAH, WHERE IS MY LETTER?
please please follow me! i love you so so so much!:D<U+2665> i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 31
Is anyone having problems sending answers to questions? There were some problems yesterday, but I think it's fixed now.
“: On the deck drinking way to many lemondrops!” good pick!
OK shit.. seriously I'm getting off of here now. Bye!
Haha.. oh House music, I gotcha now. Yeah I like club music. :)
for fancy maybe?
Suffering . We owe to it all that is good in us, all that gives value to life we owe to it pity, we owe to it courage, we owe to
I work for PP&R. Will follow up with staff. Thanks for the note
it's downtown at the regal. i think you'll like it, but golly is it a sad portrait of a marriage.
Maybe you're gonna be the one that saves me.
screw you and your Lullabot announcement..
It's almost that time of the year...
I love when people hyperlink blank targets, it makes me not want to punch them in the face. #thankyou for making my life a little easier.
I can't wait for Americas next top model:d
We now have our very own YouTube channel! Check out our first video: a behind the scenes look at production of "The Boy Friend"
2012 is going to be interesting!
To accomplish my goals #MyHealth is key!With that said,9 matches since March has my body sore!Nonetheless Ima give it 150% #NeverGiveUp 24/7
I'm in 9th grade not 4th why is a subsatute giving me a word search?
RT if you wanna kiss someone from Mindless Behavior
RT Now come into the centre and show me your Poor Debra exercise.
what's god g? What u on?
Ok. Pls keep me posted if you find yourself in SF. I'll likewise let you know if I'll be up in that area. Cheers!
Happy #FilmFriday! *New
are you a speed racer?.... cause you got my heart racin<3
who wants to tiny chat
Done with all the things I "had" to do. Now time to catch up with some
I am drinking tea right now from a giant cup. I feel like Alice in Wonderland.
According to the brookside art fair, people in Kansas City like paintings of barns and photos of Paris.
Give customers gifts. The best ones arrive for no special reason & cost little to send – a pen, note cards or a product sample.
ha thanks! Just twittered the right one... thank you again for the support.
Join us in Clever Bottle! Themed drinks and beads!
Go get your head stuck in a garbage disposal.
FANS REBEL OVER STEEN NOT WINNING. STARTED IN RUSSIA.
Talk in the work zone on Chicago hotdogs vs. New York. I was all weighing in until I remembered.... I don't eat hotdogs. Without ketchup.
I'm not sure "worship" is an accurate description of zen practice - at least as I'm coming to understand it
Multiple days!
im going to have to disagree with that
lol its getn ridiculous..the beef is kool when its 'lady like' not when they act like grown men
is sitting at my aunts house
yes Peter, we read all about it the morning after. We're not trying to attract 25,000 people like they were and we're prepared!
um...Scribbler... um awesome.
hit me up let me take you to lunch/dinner
look I'm tweeting to you
(thank you No Country For New Nashville! - we agree with your Oh No No prediction!) <3 - their publicists ;)
Where are you going? I just started acupuncture last month and I am loving it so far :)
like the new avi...too bad you cropped it...
happy birth day mom I love u and at the end when your done reading think about everyone that loves and want u to get better luvu
If you could be any other animal, what would you be?? Speak up!!
I'm a big fan of Apple too!!!! They actually haven't done the labor yet, just ordered the parts. Glad it will be like new soon.
From: Ron Paul To: Campaign Staff Re: Campaigning "Dudes, cut back on campaigning, I'm totally darkhorsin' it."
new welovelb.org launches May 6th! The site will highlight local nonprofits, community groups, neighborhood associations, & civic resources.
I don't feel too bad for NFL players who go bankrupt. Min salary=$390K. Maybe they shouldnt party like Secret Service agents
Thanks for the ABA history and first Columbus lawyer RTs!
RT : "He stood there like a house on the side of the road" ~ fav Ernie Harwell saying...RIP Ernie...you were one of a kind!
Thank you! so far we're good, the next round is supposed to be stronger.I didn't really want to sleep tonight anyway : )
did any one watch last night... that gitar solo was
prince William kisses like a lady
Its not that I dont miss my friends or want to see them...its just that music comes first. I hope you all understand ! <3
Whatever box head loser ha! RT : Lol!! Hopping on head on FB<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
Rondo is a triple double Machine!
follow me plzzzzzz
Rep Burch admits the pro-life bills would pass a floor vote, but he blocks them on his pro-abortion view. Reps like this must go!
Haha go to the neighborhood Walmart, it's soo good and cheap.
|||Businesses on the move.."B" A MOVEMENT
Is Matt now wearing pants with monkeys on them?
because its a baby tornado?
RT : Unable to stop thinking, "mad as a wet hen." Thank you Prof. Baughman ... #uwrightnow <- I've loved it since 1986!
Can't wait for Andy to pitch!!
When I go out with a bang like guys in a spy movie, just put two pennies in my eyes, say goodbye to me
fasho ima do the other one today
Bout to go to work.
"If I could arrange the alphabet I would put U and I together." -Joe Jonas From JONAS
Wow, twitter account just got suspended. Weird! Too much retweeting, not enough tweets?
Fixer's Hustling move is awesome. Prep-free game! Also I Anticipated This is v cool.
what a great episode. I'm still hoping you will dance to MJ for my x-mas wish.
And as good as we've been going forward, just totally asleep at the back. Unreal. Now I'm freaking out again.
will be on on Jan 3 talking about a weight loss method
their is really an emoji for painting your nails, they have everything
Only two more weeks of this year! Worship with us at 8 tonight!
watching Flashforward... what would you do it you got a 2:17 glimpse 6 months into the future?
yess in sunday im gonna be at ur house madame :D
The sound of rain and the view of seattle city lights reflecting off lake washington. I forget how much I love my room!
Just discovered CloudOn - now have full MS Office access to my documents stored in from my #ipad - great start to 2012!
Is it me or are the Milwaukee Brewers kicking ass this year??!!
Our doors just opened for Happy Hour, Stop on in and grab yourself a beer! Its a gorgeous day out and you deserve an after work brew!!
Drinking brews and wrapping presents!
Just woke up. Waiting for thee boyfriend to shower, then heading home. Brooke's party at 2 today then hanging out with the girls. :)
So does Ryan Braun have the herps or not? We're asking... for a friend.
The will provide summer camp today
Vitalcheck notified me today that the application I sent 2wks ago is ready for review. I'm already back from my trip. :-(
- Everybody That DM'd Me Dont Even Qualify . . Lol .
This saddens me. “: Currently 1632 for the Owl versus 1602 for the Woody”
Baby you light up my world like nobody else the way that you flip your hair gets me overwhelmed <3 What Makes You Beautiful.
Go play
Love ya
Cutest thing ever!!!
great info! “: Thanks for sharing this chart! ”
Another earthquake! ~4, felt at Y! Sunnyvale Campus. I'm on the 4th floor so we get a bit more wobble up here. :D
Love your new avatar!
Elite Squad is one of the best action movies I've seen since I watched Heat for the tenth time a week ago. Seriously though, it's very good.
Amazing photography. Looks like an amazing life.
I pick up on crap.
Well entertaining yourself for 9 pages is pretty impressive! I always started whining after page 1. Or sometimes paragraph 1...
A great weekend full of activity and visitors in Miami! Make sure your hotel is ready to wow guests with luxury hotel decor from Sobie.
Platonic honeymoon RT : . and I have India and Berlin on the to-do list for the next year. That's gonna be wild.
#imaluckyguy I'm hecka in love
I hope it snows and everyone's too sacred to drive to the copy shop but by 7 they're all bored and stir crazy and ready to see a PLAY.
Abundance is not something we acquire. It's something we tune into. ~
aww thank you!
Hanging with some of the family at #MingleMondays finally saw my brother
pretty sure the most interesting man in the world was only mildly entertaining prior to his stint as 's boy toy.
Taco Tuesday is Taco Wednesday this week only!! Come in for delicious smoked fish tacos!
Hey #SPC volunteers! We're having a picnic to celebrate all you do for our church. 4/23, 1-3pm @ Walnut St. Park in Cary. Bring #yardgames!
Your name on here is Seto Kaiba. I love you.
Febreze should make a feminine hygiene product.
Having a Party???? www.patrickscatering.com Mention this tweet for additional 25% savings!
- Playtime in a few hours! Cannot wait to see your new backyard & your face. cc -
You are elastagirl! PULL YOURSELF TOGETHER .... My words of encouragment to self .
RT : ANYONE GOT A DISCOUNT AT THE APPLE STORE I AM BUYING A COUPLE NEW IMACS IF U KNOW ANYONE PLS LET ME KNOW ASAP!!! PLS RT!
Are we witnessing the birth of the greatest music video of all time? I think so.
9034801417 fresh off of my bid call me tochie Gucci lol
it is indeed a keeper... "There are no rights and wrongs. Only power... "
follow me
#icantgoadaywithout watching 's videos! I lovee them & obviously him too <U+E418>
Commercials...thank you!
Been working on Buddhist meditation lately. I much prefer letting thoughts pass through instead of take up residence and boss me around.
Let's say you wanted 's class to run it for your class...I hear she has an iPad cart
yeah that's how my calculus class is.
PetAg's New Cart Allows You to Buy All Your Favorite Pet Products from Their ...: CatSlim's line of meal replacement formulas and jer...
Im wearing a skirt today ;)
The Creator has not given you a longing to do what you have no ability to do. -Orison Swett Marden
Hey : IndyStar piece on area T&F Olympians made me wonder: How many cyclists with Marian ties will be in London in 2012?
OH NO! BOSHY!!!
followed,follow back :)
is here for The Soul of Los Angeles
yeah, we did it years ago. haven't implemented much which prolly speaks volumes to our culture.
no I'm not afraid
kinda feels good :P
The season finale of #OnceAUponTime was so good! Can't wait for Season 2
Game changer! Kenny Phillips with a clinching type play!
Getting stoked to see BAD FATHERS LIVE!!! and um...Open for them in a few hours!!!
Great game!! 1 Thessalonians 5:18~give thanks in all circumstances, for this is God's will for you in Christ Jesus
Menchie's fro-yo for lunch? Don't mind if I do!
Nah, I love my Black Diamond! Sleek and sophisticated color for a car. RT : Am the only one who loves a black car?
...and thats the way it goes....i suppose...
zenith plasma televisions
Get off your high horse. This had nothing to do with belief. You're a contrarian. Blind squirrels do find nuts.
YESS. Have you heard of daggering?
Steve Francis' '08 campaign slogan was "An Independent Mayor. For a Change." Is your point all slogans are basically the same?
'Hunger Games' And 'Twilight' Oddly Absent From Oscars
I have a book about Google you might like to read.
doesn't it suck when that happens?
No :( I'm done w/ classes. Now I have to write a dissertation. Then I get the PhD. Then I'm done w/ school FOREVER!
too hot.
It's feasible for there to be a dance with life, a artsy response to its inbuilt limits and obstacles.
The #ESHealthChat is tonight! It starts at 6pm so bring your questions, stories, and ideas!
Enjoyed hanging out in Dallas, one of my favorite cities.
Love your #KOREHLA reading program.
Sens. Lucio and Watson are in the audience at UT Regents meeting for discussion of S Texas/Austin med schools.
Check out our latest Developments A lot of big news and several new Events added. Plus our new Gear has arrived!!
Im March 11th... nudge nudge wink wink.
sometimes just to drink tea with my mother and chat, much better than drinking spree with friends
Today was a pretty good day <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Mixed signals aren't cute.
You should never hate an entire group of people for arbitrary reasons. You need good reasons-like being redheaded. That's just gross.
Done competing!!! Awards Banquet tonight with the team --
Almost done unpacking everything. I hate moving!
I hope knows how much I love her. I'll be here. Always. Can't even imagine what she's going through but she's strong.
and thanks pal
My favorite part is Terrence Jones clapping and cheering on bench. He's fine with being on bench for miller's shooting.
I'm soo hot..
' new single "Sweet As Whole" is fuckin awesome! -- "You're a sad sack of shit that's pathetic."
Yes, come back to us! :-) I hope library school is going well!
Let's go, let's go, let's go!!
i wanna hear it mama
M, i love danger juice! 1 part cranberry juice, 2 parts pineapple juice, 1 part peach schnapps, 2 parts Malibu, 20 parts deliciousness!
Congrats to the Muppets!
I heard you were on here zack did you give up FB?
Play Ball
Her dragging >>>
Back in Athens. Feels like we never left.
RT : Q2) How have you found success translating SME content into meaningful lrng experiences?
How smacked my phone out of my hand this morning <
follow my music twitter fool
Working on a SXSW poster titled ATL gets WEIRD! done because I stay weird!
Thanks! We try to be polite, as Mr. Washington would be!
she didn't know I took it, usually get the hand.
Looking through the post-game quotes. Hurdle said he didn't PH Lincoln because he wouldn't have been able to start tomorrow if he hit today.
TODAY at 10am The Beach Boys 50th Anniversary Tour will go on sale for their performance at Farm Bureau Live at Va Beach on 7/3 - surfs up!
On the bus to the money maker
Any #sachat'ers up for a litle Turntable DJ action this morning? :)
Is Dana Bash really on John King USA?
#Louisiana Party Tour #twitter now up on running.
*Breakfast*And then some fun* <3
ohh i see what u mean but if you have to think whether u said something wrong u didnt. Be Yourself :) how did u like the bird?
I love it. Only reservation is the color? (please tell me its not going to be all white like in the models?)
RT According to CR Mag, 31% of surveyed co's report enhanced profitability through the implementation of CSR program
If better means more likely to be whiskey saturated, pulling books off shelves and reading aloud to one other, true to my exp
In seconds, 's very last newscast. You don't want to miss it.
very impressive article in the WSJ magazine. Congrats!
OH #DenverMuseumNS lunchtime lecture "Life finds a way to exploit interesting chemistry."
RT Not so much debates, more investigative/enterprise work. < Put on notice.
thx for the follow!
you can't read
Let the firerce glam begin! Lex to Lville but so excited for the Julep this evening such a great social event for an amazing cause!
Nothing better than playoff hockey.
hi Jonathan, would love to catch up. What time & phone?
Watching The Covenant just to see Taylor Kitsch's six pack.
Damn i got 300 followers in 2 dayz. thanks for the support
I could go for a massage right now, I'll accept just about anyone.
Thank you to everyone now following me! This is so new to me and so far Fun! Woo Hoo!
Report: The iPhone 5 will include built-in electric shaver and metal detector.
#Starred RT : Today is annoying.
#dietribes I'm calling now. really? You aren't buying?
how bout that game!
Can you give the direction? We can report this to customer service. Thank you.
I've eaten at your restaurant before. Great food. Lovely place. If you ever need any music let me know.
We extend our thoughts to Maurice Sendak. R.I.P. You made the best monsters.
I want new friends that actually want to hangout with me, not "friends" who want to hangout with me because I'm their last resort friend.
“: he's been annoying the shit out of me the past month.” ROFL!
thats not true!! I followed yesterday & there was NO follow back! DON'T FOLLOW
My Da got me an amazing #calligraphy kit for Christmas! Cannot wait to learn :D
ugh im so bored... #bb13 on tonight cant wait :)
My bad. I meant a photo of the tee (literally), which is great btw.
Even for Quagmire that's a bit much! RT : i can't deal with Quagmire hitting on Meg....
What's it gonna be and where.": - Tru That : ) . hey iM bout 02 get a Tatto iTs gunna be mad fresh"
N smoke weed wit ma niggaz
"Like" this status to be entered to win 2 free Naptown Roller Girls tickets! We'll be doing the drawing next week! Good luck!
We help women seek treatment by allowing their children to live WITH them.
totally agree...he's great!
First grandma Eva: Brooklyn Zoo with grandk J and R then Superstar Eva: acting audition.
Nice post! SPARQL 1.1 DB enhancements are necessary and important. However, the larger "Crumbling Layer Cake" idea is right on.
and AT REPTILEZ IN SAN ANTONIO TEXAS!DEC 15th...its gonna go down!
I guess I make funny faces when I mock music.
Day 2 highlights from #RTW12... 's killer red dress + the treps who said YES to themselves. You GO, girls!
Just Wanna Party! TONIGHT we at the Hottest Friday night PARTY @ the New VIC-311 N Sangamon 9p-2a Ladies FREE w/ RSVP! Let's go! DoNskI ENT
Oceans Will Rise! Go checkem out! www.reverbnation.com/oceanswillrise. Or www.facebook.com/oceanswillrise. Brutal fooking band!
haha where on this green earth did Hilary get those glasses? They look ravishing in this picture if I do say so myself.
Worked for Dem Patty Davis against Republican Shirley Horton. Might have changed registration since.
what is it? Lol
hello dear, If I go to school tomorrow will you take my doctors note to the office with me in the morning?
#notguilty a terrible injustice has been done today. Truly sickened by this result
Wow. Stop it Chris. Gasol didn't even lift an elbow.
chk out our kickstarter if u can, we would like to "draw" you & Ellen 4 our fundraiser in Parmatown Mall draw drew get it:)
Gonna watch NCIS...Such a good show!
"It's about to get uglier at penn state." agreed, tonight could get real ugly after that press conference
“: “: Over/under 5 wins for #Browns?” toss up I can't find 1 #longseason Let's go Tribe!” Under!! Tribe over 78.5
Well well well
Two more hours until "Sweet Home C-U" presented by ! See you all tonight!
im not hot like you baby
I would beg to differ enter many of the charters in cleveland and they are blowing districts schools out of the water
We specialize in residential and commercial locations in Miami-Dade, Broward, Palm Beach, and Monroe counties. call now 866-970-2532
is it eating your silverware?
well there was a bump down there from what i saw
thank you, Irene, hope you have a nice day
did you ever save up, get that boat? Follow up, did you ever find that baby deer?
The happiest #jobs in America. Is yours one of them? If not, we can help! ttp://ow.ly/9VLux
Chicago way deeper than d rose partna, we the best in the.NBA
Haha - if beer were coffee...
Be patient if you're trying to call #Mexico today, seems phone system is overwhelmed with calls due to
Awesome studio session last week!
It also takes me a week to update my CV, but I only have 4 days to submit this proposal.
Use Island Connex to share Polyensian/island music, start Polynesian/island based groups, discussions,&more!Let's build our online community
Thanks for pushing out our Book People Unite pledge again! Much appreciated.
Please note all Urban Employ Amazon #giveaways and #sweepstakes have ended.
Can't figure out how/why I keep listening to The Knife - Deep Cuts
Just finished my first day of work at the ABQ Journal, getting ready for shooting mma tomorrow!!!
Frost!.. Good one and is my favorite!
good morning and and guess wat?!?!?
guess what you should follow because he's a cutie even I don't like watching the MTV channel unless it teen wolf.
I'm going To see You in Concert,You are Just AMAZING,my sister knows well Selly! Love you,and you and Sel=FOREVER !
You can do that if you feel threatened. I'm having GoDaddy look at the IP for me. Innocent until proven guilty. You're fine.
Coleman transferred out if a major program after losing a qb competition. Forget which one
" I WANNA GO" to Cali to meet these to fun guys!!! Lmao
BC First Nation plans private hospital - CBC.ca
We had more than a few people give Susan's soup recipe a whirl last week and it has gotten rave reviews.. did you try it?...
I have the only headache T.T
ON MONDAY Q102 IS HAVING A CONTEST TO MEET AUSTIN AT SPRINGLEBALL! :D :D
Had a great day grooming 30+ dogs that were rescued from a breeder by Should be avail 4 adoption this week. So cute & sweet!
okay girl!
Rangers taking down the Yanks....let's go reigning AL champs!
Flea products generally fall into two categories, those given by mouth (orally) & those applied topically on pet's skin
thanks for the mention
Really enjoyed ABYSS @ Boneshaker pub in Rocklin.
11? Haha .. really :D who is this person on ur pic? :D
...Ravens won with Dilfer, so I would say no.
RT : Florida Memorial whats up!!!~ chilling in the Lions Den!
Have you been looking for love in all the wrong places
You guys gonna be at the Auto Roundup?
AND I FORGOT TO RECORD THE MORE THAN THIS VIDEO. Gosh. IM SO BEHIND.
#ICantStandPeople who talk bad about other people. They must be pretty bored with their own life.
Over 2,400 arrested in one-week immigration crackdown by Feds, are activists going to thank Presiden…
Releasing the drama that toxic people cause in your life is so empowering.
IF YOU FOLLOW ME I WILL CRY <3
You play Call Of Duty MW2 like I'm gonna do when i get home from work at 8am... lol
Listening to unreleased music. Really feelin' some of these tracks!
": in Australia we call ourselves aussies. I'm a single aussie. whatsup world."
Is it ok if I use mayonnaise? I could go outside..
oh :P
That is wonderful to hear! Thank you so much for choosing and referring us - We love our members!
There ain’t no rules around here! We’re trying to accomplish something! – Thomas Edison
Who's super excited about next week?
Goodnight time to go in bed.... it`s 22:42 bye
The role of standards is shared understanding, everyone knows what to expect.
ya she's surely one of a kind!
Thank you Mom, for always pushing me to do my best, and if I fail to pick myself up and try again. <3
Planning "What Happened to Early Intervention in NYS Awareness Month" to address the reduction in services and rates that is decimating EI.
sounds like there is a lot of pusy at the CH lmao. Inappropriate, I know...
Rise and grind let's get it today... Just kidding, back to MW3.
Ah thank god. gained back the followers I lost after my #crazyfamily #Easter tweets ;)
look me up on www.funformobile.com DrSpanish
Lol! XD It's all good :D I'm home talking to you now. That's all that matters to me (:
Hi harry. I would cry if you responded to this. :)
Aahhh we played, sir.
sore throat -_- sleeping forever, bai guise
Why the fuck did & i just c a dude jump out of the passenger side of a car going 20mph by Atlantic station then take off runnin
RT : Congratulations to all WU students graduating tomorrow, including the 39 SAs. We're proud of you.
that's awesome man praying for you what a blessing!! Pumped for you can't imagine how you're feeling
“: RT : EM Forster's will forbade 'mechanical reproduction of [his] manuscript materials'” <"Only disconnect."
home alone what to do?
Watch the Fox 9 morning news for exclusive info on new foreclosure prevention program launching statewide.
I wish but I need a dog!
idk what that mean but yea
just please tell her your sorry and you take anyting bad back you dis
#wssmiami "I am a financial genius and I use my wisdom well to run my business!" Jody Johnson
#MomentosQueNuncaOlvidare My first dance competition last year at mater academy #SwizzBeatsDancers <---- I miss you guys :(
Friday Night Lights still makes me tear up a little.
Gotta love it - congrats! RT : Very pleased to say that is 6 today and better yet ~ it's been a fun ride.
Sure did finally! I think you sent that when I was traveling a lot for filming! I'll be in LA again soon, possibly San Francisco!
life can really let u down sometimes... :(
thanks James! - B
when the love of my life hates you.. i am a very sad person
I can not get out the bed I'm being real lazy today..
I'm almost there!!
That is the beauty of HTML5, it can be viewed on your old ipad :)
Sorry about that. Try it now!
Thanks for the shout out! Which #PreserveNYC got your vote?
has a different deal each day! today's 12 pack of JUMBO buffalo wings for just $8.99! and all our profits go to hunger cleanup
yea we were pretty excited as well! Happy holidays!
I tend to make excuses for things I see with my own eyes.
hi just thinking about you, hope everything fine DM.:-)
People fall in love and then they fall out.
I saw I had a notification and I smiled cause I thought followed me but.... I was wrong:(
Every memory seems saddled than the last...
everyone is afraid of the whistle no D
Tapping into #gov20 #open311 issues today and getting organized about my twitter feeds.
Your really havin fun with that TT aren't ya!!!!! lolz, It's almost been a year since I first met you guys!!!
can't wait for the lucky one
Life is so constructed that an event does not, cannot, will not, match the expectation
so she's not sure if ur real cause u said the 'f word' -___-
That's also what you said last time.
OMG yes. What the heck was that and why would they put such an attractive woman in it??
should follow me because I saw you at Fenway Park and was so sad brian didn't pull me up on stage
im so bored
Kiss me quick but make it last <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
you're too cool for timelines...
Consistency is the key but having the perseverance to see it through help too!
absolutely LOVED your message & meeting you! Please let's not just say we will & not: get together in
Why not if no one steps up to challenge you, eh?
Seriously, I really do dig your show. If NBC gives it another shot, just give a yell and I'll be there.
I'm doing that too! I'm enjoying it! A nice challenge.
I wonder why :/
Im being a Nerd this Halloween !
- Thanks for the shout out! We are excited to be opening our TT up to the public!
I'm done!
So much to do this evening! Do work son! Gotta get that FUEL in real quick though! Dinner time!
just finishing up a wig for Lady Middleton for an upcoming prod of
Wait...I'm sorry to tell you like this...but I've left the wine bar. :( I've got a new project and I'll be back in a kitchen soon!
Omg. Do i wanna know? RT : do you know what tunas' made out if? ;o RT “: Gonna go eat tuna. Cuz itz skinny ppl food.”
#Money is a kind of poetry. – Wallace Stevens
I'd tweet famous quotes but I feel like that would be cheating haha
LOL @ the image of that!!
- Should have saw me lug it into the house by myself. THAT was a piece of art.
MT : I only made it to the parking lot - Jason got out and walked the last mile. <-- Actually, almost 2 miles...
I was awake at 4, so insomnia is still on. Now time to revise and submit. ;)
I seriously wanna know just in case one day my bd decide he don't wanna fuck w/ me no more & I keep our child why I don't deserve credit
Your body language is telling me very rude things.
which drivers? We always pull over to let motor vehicles pass us & have only seen waving, thumbs up & smiles :)
Suggestion – Fifth, Business contacts and audience looks in your eyes, the clearer your eyes the more attractive you will be perceived.
My thought process the 1st time I saw Leslie: "Wow, that cheerleader has amazing legs... and a scraggly beard?"
Thank you to our sponsors of 3D Training & !
So What! Beauty Bar! C'mon old! Big Styles and K-Nee! Pow!
On my way to The Big Catch come drink with me ...<3
Thanks for watching my live show guys! is an amazing sponsor. Big congrats to , too! Winner winner...
Holy shit I just saw a woman parallel park on the first try!
“: NCAA Semi-game putting a test to & Foul or Defend - Victory for ”
Where do I get the Mother's Day cleats?
Just enjoying so many of favorite bands on ReverbNation this A.M. closing out with Nineball So many killer bands there.
Ready for change
I can't stand #oomf she a bitch
since you look like "the little mermaid" now why don't you #GoForASwim lmao
if only procrastination wasn't a factor.
I RUN A BUSINESS GUY, JESUS CHRIST
of Booze :)
Waiting to hear what Jeff Bezos has to say about the new Amazon Tablet this morning.
sounds like a good story!
Jeb Bush to enter GOP primary, strong contender.
We feature an #appoftheday 3 days a week on News4 Thompson, our social media expert, introduced us!
Very happy to see the addition of photo credits by Sports Illustrated's facebook post today. Thank you!!
That is so fun!! We will see you in about a month!!
Drinking yourself out of consciousness has always been an effective measure for me. Internal alcohol cleanse. cc
I Try To keep It Coo , But Niggas Be trippin And Cant Stay In They Own Lane !!
Good to know! Great way to start St. Patty's day.
That makes it worth the sacrifice entonces.
Getting lots of stuff done through #MTurk. Great way for ad hoc work to get done quickly. UI pretty clunky but still worth it.
dog what the flip do that mean?
Management is about arranging and telling. #Leadership is about nurturing and enhancing-Tom Peters-
Starting the journey home, everyone strong & healthy, great week! Much fruit!
is my favorite
RT : Hang w us next week “: #Digital Edge Live #Speakers:
im still voteing for for the #Popoff i really hope they win. Lets get this #TeamMINDLESS. vote till the last second :)
lol I don't even remember that
doesnt it stink sometime when you know its done.. but your not ready..they are?? and although you are too.. your not quite there??
I walked into my living room and saw my dad watching Never Say Never, he is officially a belieber, Beliebers Are Beautiful.
RT : Happy Leap Day! If you visit our stores today, you just might get a little "extra something!"
y u hater dont leave my ella and mind your own business
Very excited to get back into training my favorite player!
Daytime curfews indiscriminately punish all juveniles. No #curfews!
Kitchen Cabinet Kings Launches New Website to Make Buying Kitchen and Bathroom ... - PR Web (press release)
Sleepy o;
Great day yesterday at the Personalization Summit! Stay tuned for pictures and a recap coming soon.
lsewhr? Tell you what - you can ride my for a while. Someone else gave me theirs, quote: "until I ask for it back."
That's jacked up!
Rescue mission complete!
I don't listen to Drake but his concert sounded amazing from what I have seen :3
#talknt q5 don't judge it until I am finished with the top. There have been some quilts I didn't like until I saw them sewn together.
i wake up at 7 too loll, just that my mom has to leave the house at 6 so if i miss the bus im screwed
I'm in, now you guys gotta get down south
can we get a follow best of luck to you
Sometimes there's not enough Mountain Dew in the world to get me through the day.
I'll be everything you need, just believe...
No Use For A Name "Biggest Lie" Amazing! Forgot about them
RT: RWU will work with the American Hotel and Lodging Association. We are on their Hotel only website under best practices.
have you tried orchestra?
#idol - fun and entertaining but a bit lack luster on the vocals.
no, but I've CD's who call me in-Thing is, I can't always get back w. little notice which I feel like bugs them, u know?
A Phonecall would be nice
you are the best. No need to appolofize.
Ever made a promise you could never keep!? Sounds like Spencer did!!
i think about the cutest ways people could ask me to be their girl >>> :)
Never settle for less
: you should anthony thats fucked up.
tell me more later
That was odd
good to be back. It's been a long time
RT : Margaret Montoya, longtime University of New Mexico law school faculty, was first Latina 2 b admitted 2 Harvard Law School
Josh Linder is probably the only student who doesn't need a dictionary to decipher Hart's philosophical jargon
dude do it. you can sleep at my house, we can skate the skatechurch warehouse when its rainy
Yeah I was really annoyed to see them on the ground -- I also saw some hanging in 's district. Over by the mall.
Also sang "call me maybe" with frank & raven. Success.
Hey there, (AnibalPachecoIT), thanks for the follow! Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
I don't know, maybe I'll have to throw in some General's!
is the best thing to ever happen to Adorable.
Just went to the spa with my mom and nanna for Mother's day.We fangirled all about Ariana's Album.I love my mom and Nanna so much.<333
Im still feeling it from last nite smashed
Century 21 Real Estate LLC is the franchisor of the world's largest residential real estate sales organization.
The reality is - no one would abuse a Mac like that ;)
Life is either a daring adventure or nothing. -Helen Keller
only joshua & i would sext at eleven am.
great! how about you?!
Yes, and it's worth showing up to the stadium 3 hours early to drink with the supporters' groups. When are you going?
TONITE BABES CABARET !! WITH THE !! SCOTTSDALE RD .. HIP HOP ALL NIGHT VIDEO SHOOT
My Tuesday-Wednesday night routines are all effed up. I don't like this.
you think I WANT kids to be seen as cogs that produce scores? I'm stating the #corpreform POV.
A<U+2660> RT : You have to BE the change you wanna SEE in people. Lead by example.
Priority Deadline for Fall 2012 Application is today!!! We look forward to receiving your apps!!!
Another bittersweet Tuesday. Aching to take in tonight's reserve match in the sun, but + I have a solid show lined up on 810.
So it's not just about moving important stuff to Page 1 -- people will read on if it's presented clearly.
"he does raise concerns about flopping, but I would fine him much, much more than our office did" I don't know why I watch
trying to find consensus on industry "best practices" is proving more challenging than I anticipated.
can't wait to go to California this Friday with my band!!! :D
phone convos with ..... no. just no. "id kick yo ass! fear me bitch!" lolz
sounds like fun to me. Get it in!
Cool, man. Great "speaking" with you this evening.
RT : Karma can be a Bitch or she can be yo friend...its all in YO hands
It's worth calling a prospect for the 15th time without getting a call back the 1st 14 times. Because finally:
it cool Craig he a soft ass and won't do shit lmao I can just laugh at him lol who cry over a joke lmao !
It's like I'm alive but I sure don't feel like it
Hey! Chance of a life time - don't blow it.... bit.ly/oD5l6T
#ItsAboutTime tht im makin better choices n mi life
#nowplaying Big Bang-Beautiful Hangover...
No I don't live MY life YOUR way. Ugh! I can't see you in the dark. That is correct you have no shinning light beaming around U. IDIOT
Just heard about 's DJ set @ the Shrine tonight, but the only tix left are VIP for $575. don't think I can swing that one...
making a conscious decision to make time for myself!
the package has been delivered. Left with Cara (?)
45 minutes from my house.
Excellent. Signed up this morning.
Leland is common opponent for East Side, West Bolivar, Shaw and JFK. Please look at the scores and say JFK shouldn't be ranked.
You know it ain't easy. You know how hard it can be. The way things are going...they're going to crucify me.
Filling in play-by-play with DJ on the radio tonight for the #Maineiacs vs Baie-Comeau game tonight....French Anyone? Ha Here goes nothing.
Had a great time today as guest lecturer in one of my old classes at URI. Nice to see kids who care about getting their careers started!
it's funny how you think after all this time you're words can still break me down.
kay . lie all you want . and i love how you walk away when i walk by you .
Tweet me questions, & I'll answer them truthfully?(: DO IT <3
thanks for joining us. Did you try the south american menu?
What's wrong? =(
SEO for websites done right! Beautiful web based reports are generated daily to show your websites progess toward Google's coveted #1 spot!
followed y'll..follow back:)
'it's just one of those pics...'
hey vickie good luck with everything! me and were talking and def wanna get together with you over the summer!
Swole I can't sleep pissed <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>
Stuck on tarmac. If I don't make my connecting flight to Ecuador... I'll have to complain. And I really hate doing that
no way! I could've sword she's like 16
Yes my teeth and ambitions are bared... Be prepared! Ha
I think so! He said he was yesterday, so I was assuming he was?
About to post a youtube video from a Bunson & Beaker affiliate out of L.A. You have got to check it out, I promise the track is hard.
Cant rap but gotta go 2 sleep to get my princess sleep u know wat it iz just want 2 say....Da True 1 Mrs.oliver
Keep it up Nuggets!!!
September is locked and loaded. What are you doing to hit the ground running?
Haha, nice! Have you seen the Patriot? and what Year is it?
Moses Ben Maimon Maimonides~ You must accept the truth from whatever source it comes.
I feel pretty much the same.
Sorry, hun been busy. How you been. :)
Yep. They run out of fingers and toes. Lol
thanks for your help today setting the stage for the #psbashowcase . Glad to have you on the Psba team
Picked up paperback copy of Gawande's "The Checklist Manifesto" (which is just out) from New England Mobile Bookfair-can't wait to read it.
Listening to confess by
You know, it seems that when I do something nice for someone, my kindness is mistaken for weakness...why must you underestimate me?
any comparisons between #SeattleSonics and OKC should NEVER be made---
Just bought the new album and LOVE it. It's been a long time since I've listened to a CD start to finish.
“To the dull mind, nature is leaden. To the illumined mind, the whole world burns and sparkles with light.” Emerson.
indeed it does :)
OH at RN74, regarding a very drunk lady in a very hideous skirt: 'It was definitely velvet. I felt it when she elbowed me with her ass.'
Had the best time, just seen rufus, and let me tell ya...it was the BEST ever! And yes, he sang "one man guy"
I'll throw "Pretzel Logic" on the platter in honor of the occasion. RT Today is Ball Don't Lie's fourth birthday
Runnin on about 5 hours of sleep .
We're both such magnificent liars. So crush me baby, I'm all ears.
lol my bad
Woah. I like!
can I forget U?
Good Morning! What a beautiful Sunday! Looks like we could get little rain,we're praying for RAIN! How's your weekend going? Isn't it great!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!! xoxoxo
just like my friend esther said at first i used to sing in the shower now i do that and take life decisions in there haha :D
Begel really needs a National platform, too much good stuff
Focusing on iOS and Android now.
Practicing the warmup and punches of turbo kick and I'm pouring sweat!! Can't wait to start teaching...my class will LOVE this!!!
I sure wish the west coast would broadcast more east coast games. Sucks I can't watch the patriots today. Bummer.
What color should i dye my hair. My natural color is red. Tweet me any ideas! <3 my followers
I think the interest on the dept is managable by historic standards; the total disfuction of congress is what scares me.
Dont wanna Go to school , but I got finals -__-
the clip was funny, great work!
I am at a partners meeting with City Schools. Lots of great people passionate about public education.
Still behind on bookkeeping - ugh!
he replied and followed to me the other night there! Congratulations! :p hehe
Thanks! Anything at all helps! Thanks for caring about #saving #dogs!
Key to text message marketing success is to get opt-in via code.
onight Tasty Tuesday's @ One Up Becomes Fat Tuesday!! beads, 25 cent Wing Special (from 4pm to 12am) , and late evening with DJ 12 Tribe
Audition tomorrow in Chicago for SAG National....
don't watch the angels ones from 5. And April was out well before me!
early morning sunshine and getting the blood pumping.
The Patriots are quietly using the blueprint and replenishing their pass rush/front seven.
DJ-producer Justin Martin performing Saturday - Las Vegas Review - Journal
LOVE db drill - rushing attack was great as well.
Thank you and i will post it in soompi Myung Wol the Spy thread
I am officially the worst at replying to tweets. Must. set. up. mobile. notifications. #sorry!
Congratulations! You just ate an entire box of Thin Mints in one sitting.
I enjoy editing! I don't think it's a career (for me) but on a freelance basis it feeds my perfectionist tendencies ;)
RT : made my mom breakfast in bed. I even brought her favorite movies to watch & got her a heart necklace. < Whoa, very nice
#mnwiId Damn do I hate Iginla!!!
So the Lakers choked in the end? That seems to be what I'm timeline is talking about. Lol
do u like that girl Clark? Who..that girl? She's ugly!
Follow us now ---We changed our band name a while ago, and are just now making new twitter accounts. LADYFRIEND thanks you!
Stabilize Mineral Deficiencies
Spring Fling in Mammoth come see the art work on display in Mammoth this month. Oil Paintings by Beth Summers March and April, 2012 Mammoth…
#CoLSParty <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097> I still need the book<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
Godfather trilogy are not the same way. But eh, I don't know.
Just chillin, watching t.v . I can't sleep . Idk why !
I don't really need a uterus, right? I mean kids are for losers....right?
Join us on tonight at El Farol at 9pm for the "Wings for Hope Invitational Jam Benefit". Put on by bikers (like myself!)
trying to win a meet and greet with you from #hopefull, met you in sept #STARSTRUCK going to the shore 2morrow!
wondering when and why Star Trek became relevant again.
Don't forget that "self-employment" tax.
Wonder if there's a way to map census data to StoryCorps archive to link voice sound to DNA. Is there a "Reside family voice"?
congratulations Girls you deserve it please follow me :)
Thank you, and same to you!!
haha you can't sleep (:
Nice, my local library is now crowed, its the only place left to go if you wish to see an actual book.
Brothers baseball game
Yall #Support new clothing line >> "A Hundred Planes" #GoDer for
LOL I have Justin Bieber's new song STUCK in my head! And..I'm actually not complaining! :)
John Waters, John SWmaters! More novel would be a good-looking-woman-in-Baltimore sighting.
FUCK I was gonna order some merch last night but somehow I got distracted. DA FUQ
I'm also gonna send Cassandra Clare a lot of hate letters xD hahahaha
“: especially since i found out you were cheating!!!!”
HELP! What do you do with old magazines? Keep them? Box them away! Trash them?
The award for Goal of the Year goes to Adam Moffat for goal vs Timbers: "That was easy to do," the Scotsman says.
#publicdiplomacy & #socialmedia followers - what Youtube users/channels do you follow?
I know im enjoying tweeting you, are you enjoying it?
My shy husband just shared worst high school memory. teacher told him to sit in the front row b/c cheerleaders spent class winking at him.
it did more then rebel!
Why are colored pants coming back?! I AM GOING TO #RAGE AND QUIT.
RT Just got to for the draft party. Thanks ! Time to have some fun!
dinner is much more romantic so im gunna have to go with madison
Who's ready to see us?!?! we play the MIDNIGHT RELEASE of Battlefield 3 at Best Buy @ Alamo Ranch at 11PM on Oct 24th!!!
*Gasp* I think I have the same pair in gold!
Some in industry would like to charge you for device-shifting.
Have an IPhone? Then download Golocal all cities app! Find where to shop at great local stores!
You didn't give him a chance and now you getting jealous because he not into you anymore?
You must have huge plans for NYE.
AYE I STEPED ON A APPLE JACK.....NOW DO THAT MAKE ME A CEREAL KILLER
Track meet todayy <U+2665>.
LOL RT : You never realize how weird your friends are until you start to describe them to someone else.
what's popin
Happy Monday!
also i have found it tastes better to have water or milk already and pour the espresso into it. And now i will stop stalking.
its just that its Aaron Frickin Rodgers!...but I see what you're saying.
Looking for the sun through the clouds! I'm snuggling back into bed. The sun is always there you just have to see it in your heart :o)
We're back in the best city on Earth, El Paso, TX! Getting ready to start announcing some new shows.
"Well there's an exit right over there."
Today was not a nice day for me, you could do just great with RT or follow me would be better if TE AMO MUCHO #LatinBelieber!
the only thing missing from this bar is plumes of smoke in the air.
This whole Delores thing is unsettling.
Omg you met the Chengman! I'm so jealous :D
hell yeah we did! It was good though!
Hardly. My father worked for the Forest Service for almost 40 years. Milwaukee was one big forest 300 yrs ago..
how did y'all go there?
Thanks, Karima! I very much enjoy creating this type of art!
You're welcome. is a very fine poet (and I #DoNotSayTheseThingsLightly)
That's probably okay then.
The combintaion just seemed odd to me I hate egg salad but to pile bacon on it yuck large sweet tea to wash it down
Livin life #isfun. Looking back on good times, just preparing myself for more..
Laying here still thinking about wut could be, wut should be, better yet wut would be if things were different -_-
BYE BYE NADAL :D the force is with you DJOKER
to exercise its faith or tenets. Should it? Esp if it believes "its religion" IS "the religion". I thought religion is supposed to >
just become a server again!!
I got up all night yay! !!!! Cards
Anyone else watching NASCAR today
you and your husband sucks yall need to go home and never come back to tna lol
i just had the most wonderful idea in the world
my spirit animal is a bottle of rumpee. Related note, varsity has 2.25 rumpee shots on thursday.
For what it's worth, our #3 and #2 reasons were our best, but we've got one more for you
I say cheez its cause they're there own category other than normal food
2 much sheeeeettttt on my mind I'll be up all night. But it's nacho business. Night tweeps.
I'm with ya!
Looking forward to a great day at work!
How was your day??
You Right On That I Heard About ya #DivaSquad I want One Lol BlackShadeMafia
you didn't miss much today though we didn't even do anything in there today
Got Microsoft 2010? We are offering MS 2010 training! Visit our website TODAY to see the course offerings.
I feel your pain...
A film is never really good unless the camera is an eye in the head of a poet. Orson Welles
Have a jolly birthday !!
and now the lights are on...people antsy...
asics gel saga ..I got some ..
I would do ANYTHING to hear play my fav song "Lindsay quit lollygagging" at the Philly show... what's a girl gotta do??
Of Course Kate Middleton Is Nicer to Salespeople Than You Are: On a recent shopping trip to French Connection, the ...
It's a wild night at my house! I'm going to sleep without shutting the butt flap to my footie pajamas!
Heh. I love "awards" with an entry fee.
Awesome! Where is your event?
Random sighting today: a French bulldog, crotch to the ground just peeing and pretty much sittin in it. They always drop it do low?!
Watching Duke back2back 91-92 I bet there were some hard moments. A lot of egos that mesh together and had to work at it. What a great team
It's time to stop calling #Patriots D the worst in the NFL... playoffs = new season and they have absolutely stepped it up
Biscayne National Park, Florida
thanks girl, you so sweet ;) haha
We'll be wrapping all your gifts tomorrow, Wednesday, and Thursday from 11-4 at Barnes and Noble in Morrow, GA. Come visit!!
yea it looked really dumb but I kind of still want to watch it
Leaving Dulles airport to Tampa now. Great week and all good stuff!
Gimme a call
Twitter > Homework
Heading to a shoot today w/ Eli. Got to love industrial jobs, keeps me working!!
twinkle toast
I did see that! In the theater waiting to see Hunger Games. I was into it. But you're right... it seems destined to be underwhelming.
The whispered miracles - love that concept. I'll be listening for mine.
A miraculous thing about God's presence: It makes me like people. Enjoy them. Now that's crazy stuff, son. I believe in the power of God.
I lose customers over 30 seconds and .50 cents. So maybe you can tweet me a free flight and fix this now?
It works both ways - ex: Broadway Danny Rose.
Merry Christmas and Happy Hollidays for all of us at Cowtippers to You! May You have a blessed weekend!
somehow we missed this! Absolutely we can! DM me your best email address!
sounds hot! I love 3somes.
Goin To Dolphin With Mike Kevin N Lil Get :D
happy New Year!!! (:
I had a lot of fun!
It's where I get all my gossip on indie jazz celebrities--they had a great pic of you passed out backstage at Deluxe.
I finished with a 70% lol
I'm not into the whole "two penises" thing
My little brother is hilarious! lol I love him! :)
happy birthday bro
- is a clown? & your main feat is that your brother wrote a shitty book 2 yrs ago? You, sir, are a
AH HA HA! I found a spare, working window A/C unit in the attic! Today has suddenly become AWESOME!
Channing just said he was in love....................... I thought we had something special </3
can you wish me a happy birthday??
Get to it! RT : I'm more into whites, rose..or sparkling, but I approve of the idea!
Yeah everything is too expensive. I still have to buy the complete version of Final Draft...but should probably pay rent first.
girl no my Shawty get crazy I didn't wanna hear it tonight Lolz
Stuck But "Stuck on You" is how I always explained those stalking allegations.
i always start with 100 % , but the less you give me , the less i give you .
I saw something that reminded me of you today. Not to worry- I flushed it and everything went back to normal :)
Hey ladyfriend! Thanks so much! I hope in Denver it's 65 degrees w/ snow on the ground, meaning perfect.
I salute you niggas for wearing a rubber
Hello twittaaa! It's been awhile :)
Oh hey Skid Row. Saturday night and listening to old metal on WJRR. Livin' the dream.
i use ATMs (both stand and drive-thru). they have ones with multiple check depost, which is great.
can u follow me so I can respond to dm
THREE events now on sale at uconnalumni.com. #1 v. #2 #3 v. Providence!
I will give you an ancient map of the Holy Land for your office. And a new carving knife.
ah change ur password!!!
congrats on another healthy season.
Hula Hooping is good for you! Join Tracy Tingley in the Children's Room on Thursday, April 19th from 11:00a-12:00p for this fun workshop!
Need Some Morning IQ Hahaha.What It Is.Its Problems Bitch.Gone Adios.M.P.
RT DavidCruiseSF you would think would issue statement he is not OK with that being done in his name
what's good. Ucla jazz festival u should check it.
Who is your favorite rapper of all time twitter?
he should have gone after Mario Williams to help the DLine. A strong DE across from is needed
my daughter sold 110 boxes over the past month, so no thank you...enjoy them!!
wouldnt waste too much time, i'm a pink tooth brush was a far better song :-|
1/19/2011 Foursquare Growth: How's It Looking? Online Social Media
Aww, thanks, Pouya! When do you have some time to hang out?!
My mom is pissing me off.
www.worldchampionfans.com Get your banner or yard sign today and support United Way! and the SAINTS #TWODAT SEASON
Love the art in yourself, not yourself in the art
Interviewing Jeffrey Snover and Jason Helmick
i guess imma go to sleep .. son !
Hello Big D! I'm here packer fans!
Wait, they have Walking Dead parties? RT : I want to organize DOCTOR WHO parties in town, like does for WALKING DEAD.
yo cuz im coming to the city today wassup if u give you bread can yo bring me some why not and soberlife tees to my gmom crib
per my previous tweet let me know if you need details. This was a sad sight for many to witness.
is wishing everyone a fun and relaxing Labor Day weekend
How much longer until spring training starts?
College Football Prediction Early Game: Vandy @ Florida; Florida -13.5 and the over +44.5
My cat just sneezed, he's so cute.
Happy Asian American and Pacific Islander Heritage Month! What are you doing to celebrate?
Christine O'donnell () said the thing she likes about Romney is he's been so consistent ever since he changed his mind. Ah.
Looking forward to working with you!! RT fab meeting with great clients and Devin from !
Figured I would tell you since you helped me some of the essays on the Slaughterhouse Cases and Lochner haha
I will admit it: is my guilty pleasure! And I bet many of you would agree! ;-)
does he want to be a legend or a mercenary, does he want a statue, or a medal?
i need more followers twitter
Kiss my assssssssssssssssssssssssetts!
Gettin my hair done tomorrow after school.(:
thank god summer is shot this year #NoTwoADays .
: watching ur pie/plate debate & smiling! Here's something:way up here on Lake Ontario,people say "Chai - Lie" instead of chili
#CONV11 what about product placements as a revenue stream?
So are we!
is filling out ESRB ratings forms...
Just got home from a reaaaaallly long walk.
Always feel the same way, my mom is frm AZ too! RT: Din w/ my mom before she heads back to AZ tomorrow :(
Whoo-hoo loving today! We are busy-busy-busy! With over a thousand dresses to choose from...come see us! Open until 6!
HE IS WHO WE THOUGHT HE WAS!
Patriots have this well in hand, yet losing turn over battle 2-0 (i count missed FG as TO) Just an interesting note.
You took a wrong turn at the Twilight Zone.
sux I gotta go back 50 years to have bragging rights
Getting in bed, testing the person you wish was there with you.
what a great night, a #script of mine is advancing to the next round! love
whats good? Do you have Model Mayhem, or anything people can see you?
I love acting. It is so much more real than life.
The things that have been on twitter and facebook all day have been prom and the avengers movie.
you dropped by my table at Star last Friday;didn't quite "meet" you but am amazed by your ripple effect. Your friend find an asst?
Don<U+FFFD>t be trapped by dogma - which is living with the results of other people<U+FFFD>s thinking
GoGo Gomez is De De Dealing
I'm good. & I'm slightly confused with the meaning of "Jacksonera" lol & Yeah I have 1 but don't use it much.
I have a 910 too. I haven't seen that message...yet...
Male Health: many men with impotence are likely helped by the nutrition supplement saw palmetto & ginseng
I can't be hungry again :/ bring on the tea. Where's my butler?
Did U kno: We love performing so much we use ALL of the time allowed by WGI? We don't leave U until we have to!
when can i get in the lab bra hopefully b 4 the the 15th i got a song im doin for a mixtape thats dropping on that date
Hanging at the Arizona Inn waiting for the presentation to start. Such a gorgeous hotel, and always good food.
#sugarrush on Wednesday!
Even Pilates, which was founded around the turn of the last century, has been a mainstay of workouts for at least a decade...
hahaha! I know! But now it's freezing!
Morning all. It is cold out. That is all.
that's better. in my mind, we're engaged now and i'm planning our wedding. kristen will understand ... in time.
not at all. 76ers wouldve been easier, but they don't want to play the Heat either. They're tanking.
i don't know what they drink but they do drunk drive golf carts into parked police cars.
Well then... Game on! Unless it tastes bad... In that case, take three shots first. After that, everything tastes okay.
I want my mommy!
Cabs in LA are buuuuullshit
“Don’t worry about how things might turn out
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY WEEK! YAY!
Happy Fourth of July!
AAAAHHHHHH!!!! I'm going to 's concert this Sunday!! Love you selena! (Hope you PLEASE bring along with u! ;) lol
“: If I talk to you on the phone and answer all your texts, just know that's not the usual.” !!!!!!!!
I don't like that you don't feel good! Rest lots and feel after soon! Love you!
"Thats How You Wear The Shoes!!"
Thank you for the follow. Looking forward to seeing your work.
Post your years of marriage please! Mine is 32 years ...33 on August 4th! He is my best friend. :)
It's Arne Duncan bruh. Andre's his Black cousin. LOL RT : Never tell yourself NO!!!-Secretary of Ed Andre Duncan @
Figures, the one time I want to eat late at night---nothing is open.
did u get my dm's yet?:)
Watching #BehindTheMusic and looked the same at 18 as he now does at 38.
Worried in what direction? Too dry?
So sleepy. Need a nap.
Dear neighbor kids. Isnt it past your bed time? If not, #Stfu high schoolers need more sleep then 4th graders. Merp
Talk that talk yea i know im such a show off
Yep! Not giving up. Not by a long shot. :-)
Today in 1974, Richard Nixon refuses to turn over taped recordings and documents subpoenaed by the Senate Watergate Committee.
ok, haha poor her
Just had my little people fix: kindergartners + music (always) = Tons of Fun!
#wendywilliams #brianwhite proud my bro is a dartmouth alum too! Let's elevate the image ladies!
you are so amazing!!!:)
Oh hi The Agony Scene
Y'all ALWAYS knock my socks off
can't wait to listen best part of my morning is listening to you guys
it was a pleasure meeting you, I'm glad to be seeing you more here in baltimore!
rt SinCity roller derby after party at The Queen Vic....hot hot Dj tearin it up 10:30
If u can't spell but have something to say just keep saying shit and let the smart underachievers correct you
Where can I listen to the Dynamo / Crew game online?
I think you would like it. I'm not sure if I did though. Haha.
ah!That sucks /: btw where do you live?(:
Topical vs. IM testosterone. Which do you prescribe your patients who need it?
Ok, this hurts.
aw sorry we didnt see u! Happy Easter other brother. Miss u!
Looking for the perfect Valentine's Week date night? Check out #MySinatra with your significant other!
If you have guilt, fear and insecurity over money or success or anything else, these are reflections as basic aspects of your personality.
seen them live?
lol i found someone old enough to go with.
Just introduced the kids to ET. Holds up so well--they loved it. Still teary. Be good...
I'm going to try!
U guys were awesome! RT : Thank You for the RTs and support of our #RingItOn campaign.
what u doing
GBV is a real issue in many countries that are emerging from conflict
God. :) How is life???? Maybe we should work together?
were way overdue for a good sloppyy nightt
RT : Thinking I need to order my armbands from - you should too www.mourn4.com. Black Sunday is coming to Lambeau!
ANNOUNCING MWSA 2011 WINNER-Fiction Thriller-Pirates & Cartels by Lee & Vista Boyland - Silver
what's the link...POOF!!!
Just need two more followers to reach 4,000? Who is going to be the City's 4,000th follower?
Just checked out your website, Stephanie. Awesome! Thanks for the info. Looking forward to checking back regularly.
Y project crap that hasn't even happened & probably won't? Lies said loud & often enough unfortunately becomes the "truth"
I hate seeing the same people in the same places. I'm about to throw a party full of strangers and see how weird things get
RT : Famous Footwear is buy one get one half off. I can't believe Champs is shut down? That's sad.
Let me know how the online book read goes! I'd love to hear how parents respond to the material. Thanks!
It's Saturday. Rest and have some fun! :)
You guys are the best. Thanks for this!
I figured out what I did wrong. I selected a level that got me the original game but not the expansion. Or the promos :(
I call BS. #SocialAssasin RT Howie said the team could feasibly keep all four QBs that are on the roster.
RT If you had one shot, one opportunity to seize everything you ever wanted...would you capture it, or let it slip?
My apologies to those RTs which I've had to rephrase due to the 140 characters...Brevity is a tough but fun challenge...your heart is there.
More international reaction "in the end foreign companies care about 1) skilled labor, 2) proximity to markets and 3) good infrastructure
So happy for for having her baby :)
What do men and clouds have in common? When both are not around it's a nice day!
Weird situation, as are most Met things. No offer because of Madoff, not lack of desiring the player. And hey, we won!
wow that was a bummer
nice work drafting a 2012 All-Star...yeah I said it.
Cool! Thanks for the feedback.
I felt the actual vaccine going in. DEAD <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0080>
breath taking. saved as a desktop pic. thanks
Thanks. It was a great lunch. Have a good weekend, and Happy Mother's Day!
From now on, if a job/internship description makes me laugh (intentionally), I'm applying for it.
...Drivers Education, so when you comin on vacation to the US
Daily Deal! Mention this add for 2 free additional UV sessions, added on to any purchase of 5 or 10!
Still haven't seen Project X
Purdue 57, High Point 57. Three and change to play. Big Ten Network.
“In life, you’re going to be left out, talked about, lied to, and used but you have to decide who’s worth your tears and who’s not."
McNally says tapping strategic oil stockpiles to bring down prices would be "deeply unwise and counterproductive."
she wasn't recording though :/ just sitting there all -____-
Today's PR 3.0 shoots into for social networking discussion, Pop-A-Shot & adult beverages at 4 p.m. Be there for the assist.
A Lot Of Help
Omg I've never favorited and retweeted so many tweets from a user in such a short time span than I have with
I know, shit sucks though....first girl I've "ACTUALLY" loved since my divorce...and I left friends n family cuz of it
no i have finals packets they take forever its everything we learned-.-
Q3. What education is best for a career in #travel?
This has been such a good week for me. I've been in a good mood like all week and I'm so happy :]
While last night's loss added more salt to the wound, they'll eventually turn it around. Season's young & plenty of football to be played.
Im serious lets go there instead of fridays.
It's always his fault.
< Hi, thanks for following me!
One game down, one game to go
Have some companies or brands you're close with that would be perfect for us at ? Tweet to me. I'd love your opinions!
I mean I like to debate sports. It's MY JOB! I get paid and I don't do it as brash as people on here. I'm not #TeamSpurs ....
Brinkley for a 7 yard gain, short of the first.
Congratulations on the great rating!
Small boobs, BIG bum > big boobs, small bum
If the Dip Dog stand had veggie dogs or its ilk (even Ben's Chili Bowl does!), we would drive down there immediately.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ME!!!!!!! :D
I hate cover letters and resumes. Why can't they just see how awesome we are and hire us?
Thanks, I really appreciate that :')
Thanks for the #FF!
thank you.
And watch Austream at the same time
thank u I most def will! Back on sat. Girl we need to find good Persian food when I get back! :)
I've got the late night munchies, so I'm breaking out the Broadcast Club meeting pizza.
is it cool for guys to actually try and make themselves look ugly nowadays? I don't understand it lol don't. Its not cool.
": SERIOUSLY!! And it would be our Faith Tab Youth!!!" hahaha what a burn!
Show is so detailed it haunts my dreams.
Gotta love how KSDK doesn't even try to present a neutral POV in that article.
Looking to buy Phoenix Suns playoff tickets. I need at least 2. Send me a direct message if you are selling
Be content with what you have,rejoice in the way things are. When you realize there is nothing lacking,the whole world belongs to you.LaoTzu
Breaking my glasses is not a good way to start the day. Ugh.
talking to someone everyday and then just stopping sucks <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
AK-47 , wit the shoulder brace !
Comedy is simply a funny way of being serious. Peter Ustinov
I know what pictures you want. Lmao
lisa lampanelli on celebrity apprentice. she's just mean and awful. it's a total bummer to see her act the way she's acted:(
wow i had to go through many e mails to find which one i open this account with to change ny pass word, we should write it all down, good am
Merry christmas and you should follow me that would be so cool!(: MERRY CHRISTMAS!(:<3
Henry Clay Estate, any of the stone fences, Wisenberger Mill, eat at Wallace Station, then distillery tours
Thanks restaurants for getting your apps/menus in by deadline! We will be contacting you soon to confirm if you are approved!
I take back my last comment. Her other videos are much lamer. Self-esteem restored!
Let the #debauchery begin at for #stpattysday! Text FREE to 35350 for a chance at prizes from Mo's & ! See you there!
Singing Joni Mitchell into my yogurt. I am such a woman.
#geeked to be in Indy for race weekend!
what if I don't meet u ever? D: will u meet me in heaveeenn? :)
RT : This year is going by So friggin fast!!! Slow down...
good looking fellows, if only the spoke as well as they looked
That's what I thought.
first dip of the season
how many like to watch teen wolf or work as to be a person in teen wolf i knew that dylan o brien and tyler posey work in teen wolf
Thank you! RT : great to see #PRSMS trending in Milwaukee today .... is blowing this one out.
Our law firm is here to help you resolve your legal issues. Call us at 619.338.9500 for a free consultation today!
eating the tofu that my sister and her friends made, is that #twitterworthy?
Steve...fucking....Blake. 5 trey bombs.
Yes - details soon“: are you doing the CMA Fest again this year? I wasn't able to come to last years signing”
play somebody? lol
Happy birthday to Sidney Bechet, jazz composer, saxophonist & clarinetist, who was born in New Orleans today in 1897.
I miss u 2 Danni <U+E414>... I'll be back Asap . Enjoy your day & Get to work. Oh!Sorry to disappoint u but you will never become a <U+E528><U+E415>
Reading is equivalent to thinking with someone else's head instead of with one's own. - Arthur Schopenhauer
mindless behavior
Must be that K-9 instinct!
if Smoak can't lay off a 2-2 sinker he won't last in MLB.
Oh your name's metta worldpeace? Aw.
: if you ever come back to #Chicago let's do a glitter photoshoot ^_^ I already gotz hair and makeup peeps ready
I love 24 tech support. A special thanks for helping me FINALLY get this project LIVE!
damn homie! Keep it goin my g!
9:30pm. and there? btw, i got tweet limit on that account
Just ate at the new Take Five Greek restaurant, yum! The side salad was very fresh and flavorful and the sampler plate was great.
#ilovethesouthbecause the pretty waitress calls me baby.
Str8 Truth/GrownFolksMusiq @ Club 500 tonight. Let's get it in Naptown
Today's the day! See you at 8pm at the Moore Theatre!
In case you hadn't heard, tonight's masquerade ball has unfortunately been cancelled. We are sincerely sorry for this disappointing news!
Thank you for the follow! Have a lovely weekend! :)
yes :) can't wait
LOL, 2/3 of #12NTCfrank crowd say they have nothing to do with volunteer mgmt in their work. YET! Welcome to the future, y'all.
If you have the determination and drive to accomplish great things. It can be done.
Let me know what u think of it. #Amreading "Imagine" & feeling all fascinated/intrigued. :-))
“The tragedy of life doesn’t lie in not reaching your goal. The tragedy lies in having no goals to reach.” ~ Benjamin Mays
can you follow me for my cousin bday gift? (her bday was 2 days ago) SHE JUST LOVES YOu AND WOULD be happy if you follow me :)
yup! When?
Goodnight world, hello Budweiser!
whats a paper?
Please find me downstairs I'd love to help!
I'm fancy when I buy a Starbucks at Cinemark 22 Im just like "haha the rest of you bitches got fountain drinks! I got Starbucks BITCH"
Special day to you dear. Continue the parenting and striving for greatness
They won't hate advertising in the metro as much as they hate the metro itself.
T3: It may be more of a "must" if social media reached everyone, but it doesn't. No medium reaches everyone.
At the Casting Office sippin on some beer
aint shit my G lol sup wit you how did that test/interview go??
#thatdaywhen no matter what a person says, you just want to hit them in the mouth.
Surprise road trip to jakes. :) i love this
I am now 2 lbs away from my college weight (after I gained the Freshman 15) So I am thrilled but want to go at least 5 more. Can't do 15!
After 30 years of HIV/AIDS fear and ignorance run rampant, no wonder rate of infection has not decreased in 30 yrs.
Phil Mickelson just hit such a crazy shot.
Being bipolar iis no joke.
But I'm young enough that the big singles from Bush and from Hootie and the Blowfish make me feel kind of happy.
What a beautiful day!
Heat Index 112 = Disco Inferno
Yes, perhaps, but at least we have the right to say so.
RT: lol that was tmi :)I took a pic if you want to see it
i love you zain marry me <3
also, food consists of peanuts and chips. I'm hatching a plan to remedy this. Want me to sneak you in?
My mom had me as a teenager she could of done anything she wanted with me. But she kept me and raised me. I love and respect her for that.<3
I can't sleep... Im about to o.d on some Nyquil in a minute ... Why aren't u sleep
My pleasure--> re Thanks for RTs/mentions!
have a good week!
Somebody text me.
it definitely looked/sounded original - and compelling
she breached her contract by getting exposure in the video that was not part or authorized by Ru. Chow down at Chik-fil-a
2day we are writing our 1st exam paper english so I want a good luck frm u all
Well the game is getting out of hand and the Knicks are acting like they are ready to go home.
did u picture the way I said megabus?
These international students kill me quit walking down the street that's what a side walk is for
Why are we not taught about the Bosnian War? Why did I have to learn about it from a movie?
Tom Brady restructures contract saving the #Patriots 7.2 mil on cap. This may lead to new Welker deal. Brady continues to be a team player
they usually do for this game. I'm a UNC fan but I always assume Duke will win...
Shan has such a hard time stating awake while driving. Never tired when she leaves or arrives. Might be time for a sleep test :/
or Warlock is dead... Was he a cross dresser?
Do you like smashing, pumpkins?
awl :^) I miss you to. . . But OMG what did you do! #badboy in my diddy voice
1/8 is not a trim size. It could be a spine width, perhaps, but typically I tell you the spine width, not the other way 'round.
Glad to be back in LA
we ask ourselves: what do people come to a library for? (not just books anymore - tons of other things)
Go CATS, streak ends today..and I need to get your autograph on that article in the paper
Jennings wasn't very good w/Colts. Much better with Bears. System or player?
This summer i pledge to eat a lot more before and after working out and drink NO soda or sweet tea.
I'll promise my dear I'll put nothing above ya
he came out with new music!
please please FOLLOW me I love you so much :)
It's ok though. Boston is just a tough city. Time to run Beckett out of town!
RT : Here's the thing...private airport screeners worked SO WELL before 9/11. They failed. So we don't go back.
you said it Demi. TV commercials are so ridiculous in various different ways nowadays where it's just flat out laughable. Not in a
Dear Unfollowers, I get it. You obviously can't handle seeing my swag all over your timeline.
I MISS YOU TOO!!! Love ya and hope I can see you soon!!!
saw ur new crossfit commercial tonight brah. Good stuff.
The only way you can be found, is that if you admit you're lost.
Mindless behavior need to get me
STAMPED~N~DIVAS ARE THE HOTTESET DIVAS THERE IS!!!!!
I got asked whats my favorite thing to do and I said eat, sleep, dance and go to house and eat her cheese :)
I want my christmas gifts right NOW :c
like an hour later!!!
Morning Rockstars! > He who knows most grieves most for wasted time. - Dante
Thanks for coming to #BmoreFail. Hope we'll catch up at the next event.
I really wish I had your number.. </3 but im probably invisable to you..
Nail club & Spa Salon is creative and innovative. Our customer like to come to us because we use new, comfortable stations and equipments.
#MeatlessSaturday just doesn't have the same ring to it.
the new one off exit four
RT : "Courage is an important part of leadership." Couldn't agree more
either way~ was it great??? Lol
My morning mirror told me: I won the 4square badge for "Sallow, slack flesh of an archivist and gamer in winter." Thanks #THATCamp #Games !
can i get a shout out get me to 200
Saving the new seasons of #NurseJackie & #TheBigC until after I turn in final grades
Cleaning up the mess from yesterday :D idk wht happen :))) should I remember.. I'm finding condoms everywhere lol
ugh who curz just ignore her then
Tired & productive week
Yep! The old Reunion Rowdies are so sad at the current day ticket holders (generally speaking, of course).
This is something. Thet test trayvon but neglected 2 test zimmerman.
RT : Today is National #DayonWriting! Stop by the Writing Center for candy and to tell us how...
@ reply us to let us know how your #cache search is going in PDX! :)
AND I CAN'T FUGGIN WAIT!!
Winner announced on Facebook. Check Facebook for our next giveaway there. Watch Twitter too for another chance to win!
heading to D65 meeting wish us luck
Have fun! ": : 2night Dirty Vegas @ Sole East “Mntk Acoustic Sunsets Series
Smart > Swag (looking at you )
Only 2 faceplants for at Hellgate. Read her report (1st woman, 4th overall and set a course record!)
I'm a ventriloquist
more things in the world should involve rainbow glitter! The world would be happier.
Hi there! I'm a summer of code fellowship applicant. Have fellows been selected for this year's program?
Follow back!
hey thanks for following!! hope to see you when we play at Alex's next! :)
Hey there! Thanks for the follow! Would love to hear more about your amenities! Perhaps we could help you with some exposure?
Nice shot Raul Ibanez go #Yankees !!!
TOFTB“: Reminiscing PSBP Need togo back ”
Made it home...excited to share at #FaithWV tomorrow about Honduras & Pharisee Part 3
31 days of Halloween!!;)
#RIPSparksForSelena u ever caused her to do this I hope u sleep every night with the shame knowing u r the reason 4 her suicide
Bad Nuze Brown the Mixtape coming soon hosted by Uncle Junebugg
I'm assuming because you're an honest guy, you included yourself within the drug addicts stat?
...I didn't: now I can't go back.
AF in XO overheard talking about hazing the pledges...learn to keep it on the dl, girl.
| Man would be 'otherwise.' That's the essence of the specifically human. ~ Antonio Machado
what to do in phx on a sat. night?!=P
slept through first period. again.
Yeah, us dinosaurs are still around! :-)
Never really listened to Emmure before tonight. These guys are pretty good!
I know! I still miss the Avalon. All we are going to have left are a bunch of boring massive chains.
How are you comparing Apple and Facebook? Apple isn't anything like FB (and vice versa). We're discussing FB here.
So, I just went and saw Titanic 3D. Most stressful 3 and a half hours of my life. Why did no one warn me that the ship sinks?
You might be on to something. We could start a dating service for Undead Singles.
just wondering! ;' Haha!
he is stunning :)
Experience is a hard teacher because she gives the test first, the lesson afterwards.
Sound check at
Political rows, regional tension impair business - Chicago Tribune
And of course I spell 'appreciate' wrong when I correct you! Thx for the response. Lookin forward to seeing you again on SC!
. You are welcome. Can we count on your vote this #Nov8?
Good Morning Twitter :) Can I get some bbk?
we're on the same page! haha
Snickerdoodle cookies :D
The thing that erks me the most is when people invite themselves to your plans gets on my f*ckin nerves>:/
Congrats on the early start!
I may have a near genius IQ, but with some things, I still just shake my head and really don't understand why people do and react to things.
Happy Opening Day!
No work till next year!
Driving test tomorrow.. Gotta practice everything I need to know!
Wow, I totally disagree. Lots of great artists, many that aim right at the heart of their main fundraising demographic.
“: lol get lost!!” ok gettin lost
Happy new year to you too.
Next on the , shares his thoughts on the biggest topics around the young Major League Baseball season.
just write them off simply because "there is nothing new under the sun."
yeahh i know lol.=] his twitter is iconicholicious or sumtin like that
Fuck it. My dad truely don't care what I want to do. I give up. I don't wanna do stupid school cheer I want to do competitive
Love God and Pray you can get over any problem
Damn math hw, why we gotta do so many of the same problems, IGETIT!
Wtf is Hand Foot Mouth Disease.
I know hell. I've been to a martini bar across the street from a Southern university on open mic night.
It did seem like a strange thing to include novelists on his list. In America we have a conspiracy of poet-philosophers...
Good luck to all of our amateur dancers competing at the Manhattan Amateur Classic this weekend! We're rooting for you!
Even Zuckerberg knows we've made mistakes w #Facebook privacy settings. End goal is always trying our best to make it simple.-
Happy hour is happier! Now late night specials daily 10pm-close at The Local Vine on Capitol Hill. (daily happy hour still 5-7pm too)
One wind chime is soothing. 100 wind chimes are just psychotic.
my least favorite thing to do in teh world: writing scripts for lectures that will be shot on green screen; next least fav: recording them.
QOtD" I just found a breathalyzer tube in my work bag" The LYZER strikes again! Great Purchase.
It's a kind of night.
hell yeah ;)
I waited up for mcdonalds
Exciting news about book updates! Need to start sending you thoughts. wanted to check if you'd had a chance to watch NGLB :)
Teaming up with our friends at for an October screening of Nénette. Check out the new app on their website: at www.redapes.org.
Take your time! RT : Still in Manhattan,, back in LA for radio on Saturday night, great night with good friends in NYC!
Happy 88th Birthday Grandpa Hank, you are dearly missed
Can't wait to eat this dinner in the oven after I smoke !
does anyone have a MyMathLab access code they won't or haven't used?
who did u do that??plz tell me
FYI RT : . is an interesting look back. Account is live tweeting the riots as they happened 20 years ago
aw!!! <3 I'm glad you're better
listening to Every Avenue's cover of Eddie Money's song "Take Me Home Tonight", love Punk Goes Classic Rock <3
Lets just agree that both should play. Lol the TnT boys will help keep the team moving forward
Happy New Year everyone! Here's to wonderful things in #2012!
So somehow,when my fone was in my pocket,it opended Twitter and clicked spa
HAHAHAHAHA yes! Finally. Very proud sissy. He's a beauty.
<U+FFFD>The universe is change; our life is what our thoughts make it
Three. I had three martinis. It's less impressive when I have to spell it out like this.
27 days until graduation. 61 days until my 18th birthday.
Do you plan on getting thrown out of any more games this season?
Just finished the last talk of Border War Conf titled "The Border War Goes to College." Great finish to a tremendous Conf.
What's good homie if u got somethin we can get on let me know asap
It's depressing how unremarkable it is to use the word "consumer" in place of "citizen," "American," "person."
Workout kicked my butt this morning. Doesn't help that I am still sore from tripping and falling down the stairs on Sunday
I believe there was some sort of broo-ha-ha over this phrase, but truth is, I am ready for some football!!
Get that car clean for the weekend 80's...hot!
#instantfollow Kurt Sutter uploaded Grandsons of Anarchy
When & why did Chris Bosh bashing become an internet meme?
dude I'm glad u said it cause I was sho buff thinkin it. WTH was the point of that whack video?
Thank You.. you"re a very talented photographer:)
don't beat yourself up, atima lol. you want to do well in all your exploits, that's okay :D
working hard to bring back this season now that i'm an owner. We got Robin, so we need batman!!!!
um whts with the faces ???
Wish I could go outta town for memorial day weekend <U+E407>
he must take that from his older brother.
#WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay<<<"i gotta oww we"....bitch yu hurt ya self!
Congratulations to Shivani and Josh! We hope you enjoy your wedding reception tomorrow night!! We'll be serving up "The Finest"!
LOL. The costumes were good, but the story argument was like a Hanna Barbera cartoon.
what should matter about someone is the person they are.. not their occupation, the money they have, or the things they own
Besides pride, loyalty, discipline, heart, and mind, confidence is the key to all the locks.
Thanks all for attending
What about a foreign accent? ;-)
Happy Sunday!! Kindness cost nothing and knowledge is power!
I cant stand him. But I'd take Brett Favre in his prime over anyone.
#HowAboutWe skip all the bs and be honest with each other.
Oh cool!!
I could bring my badge from and be the #OfficialTweeter like at #ZestNZing! haha
And I can't find my wallet. Wow.
Please enlighten me or entertain me with your tweets. Whatever else you are selling, I'm not buying.
This! RT : In my experience Ive found you can enjoy things as long as you make up your mind to do so
Anyone who has never made a mistake has never tried anything new. Albert Einstein
YES!!! WHERE HAVE U BEE. OBVZ THAT'S OUR NEW THEME SONG.
LOLOLOLOLOL I just want to indirect tweet the fuck out of how stupid you just sounded.
I'm reading my 7th graders' book recs by the end of the year & then will rec books to them. The Stand is 1100 pages! Better get crackin'.
Moving sucks -__-
RT At 33 #Julia was walking on a beach with Obama. These footprints mark where he carried her.
I am watching the news at the airport. Anybody have that dogfight app?
...I'm Praying for you bro!
I love you and we need to talk more... :)
Good to be out of Iraq. Now cut the defense budget! If we cut it by 43% like proposes, it's the same as the 2003 budget!
Ray Bans, yes I need a pair asap.
Thank you!
My sister who is 19 just said "there are things I like better like " And I said "What?!" And she said "What?"
If you're planning to attend our 2012 Candidate Interviews & live tweet, please use #CVChamber - thanks!
It's difficult to find the "right" group, but sometimes professional organzations' groups have more pro-based chats.
love his work.
money grubbers
"I'll Be Ok" and "I've Got You" are two of my favorite songs of all time. They're lyrics are perfect.
Shout Out To All The Rappers Who Shoots Music Videos With Cars & Cribs They Can't Even Afford!.
Argh, I just heard that Bodog is leaving the U.S. market by the end of this year. I have been killing that place since Black Friday.
My legs are asleep D: FUUUUUUUUUU
Of course it was!
Def not going out tonight. Considered it but just read some tweets that make me miss someone important to my life. Just me time tonight! :)
My dog seems to think I am a mountain to be climbed
Oye! will be performing at Pecan Street fest at 4PM today at the Red River Stage #Pecan Street Festival
thanks dear. I'll be wearing my old lady shoes today. We're thousands strong. :)
Boss Bitch and Ratchet are my two favorites off of
Everything happens for a reason<3 RiP Brian Cohan
We are playing Spokane Shock saturday
May this Valentine’s Day be filled with love, understanding, and contentment as you journey through life with those you hold dear.
I'm pretty sure hell has frozen over! Sometimes people will surprise the heck out of you!
U.S. Stocks accelerated their losses in the final minutes of trading to finish near lows Wednesday, pressured by lackluster #tech earnings.
I like you... Point blank.
Woke up from nap--remembered it's the first of April--and was glad to find out I didn't dream #LCC2012!
She not shit lbs
OH in Meeting: 'What we have today (infrastructure) is like the Govt or Military. That wasn't a compliment for corp IT'
What is this May Day business? Why so many protests?
Happiest girl in the world.
me too thats why I cant wait tell the avengers come out. :-)
Old Town Alexandria's will move out of its Duke St. annex Sept. 1 and expand at the Madison annex location.
Is there a red-lined version?
Funny watching Beckett getting booed off mound at Fenway- Poor BobbyV! Lol! Bet he wish he never took that job!
Can always use good music
fa la la la, fire, ax ax ax
I'm going. Anyone else? RT : Colts' June 13 mandatory minicamp practice will be at Lucas Oil Stadium and free to the public.
Well I had a great day off today. Chuch choir-- then the beach-- then grill with neighbors.
I hope Ellis gets hit by a bus
#ItsAlwaysTheUglyGirls who say thy don't need a man to be happy, haha.
You should never turn off Akismet for 30+ minutes at a time unless you want to spend the next 30 minutes deleting spam.
Hawaii senator tours history in Dearborn
Of course bro, where you at?
Even though I'm probably not about to go to sleep, it feels so good to be getting off work!
Q Hef in the booth tonight...
people should know things are bad when a gallon of gas is higher than milk is
I'm So That Guy or I'm Not That Guy?
Just watched my our boy and the rest of the #AztecsBasketball butt fuck the #CalBears!!! We all owe those boys a beer!!!
is sicky so he made me theraflu
voted for u and this week.(:its gettig harder to choose between u four cause ur all so amazzing
Still loveing #koa #reckoning after 100+ hrs. My only wish? I'd like a glaive please! The NPCs made it look so good!
“: Too bad Mr. Rodgers may not play. Hello Matty Flynn!!”/I've never seen MF play b4. Rodgers is old news 2 me ;)
I think I need to borrow a stand mixer!
The best smile comes out with tears !
thanks for the RT, would love if you could reference us next time so we could know to thank you!!
when DorothyLucey stops acting silly for drama effect, she has really been very informative Kudos
Don't count Chone Figgins out so fast.
The bass on "You can't hurry love" is insane.
I normally don't have any issues. I've been a Comcast customer forever. But I worked in IT. No maintenance is scheduled mid-day.
thanks Melissa! Missing my middle daughter but her brother & sis are here. It'll be a great day. Merry Christmas!!
Hollywood girls are like Sahara girls... Nothing is what it seems! Lol! Watchin a doc on sahara desert! Resemblance is uncanny
The outsiders is my favourite and Ugh ponyboy and johnny are my LOVES
Oh yeah, you have a job. Dick Clark died RT : who died?
I can't wait photos on red Oscar carpet (?)
Hey Coco
I guess you have big pillows? For neck pillows, it should be small that is just enough to relax your neck and back.
your shirt will be done by tomorrow! I dyed it today! Hopefully it turned out haha :)
Twitter is the best way to express yourself
Reach for that 40!
"I love PBR, it tastes like blood." Yet again, another quote from a student in my PR class...
Avengers comes out this week. I'm excited. And now heading to bed
I was telling faculty the other day that's how I almost exclusively take confer. notes. Great for me, great for engaging others
Wait what chat can u givie me webcite??plz
Crap, I looked directly into supermoon. Take me away, blindness.
2 new cozies to knit today! I <3 summer vacay.
Really it should be the Lakers and heat fans saying #FuckOKC cause they the ones talking all the shit!.......Nobody cares about the celtics
sure thing.
or libs willing to come to socal?
Road tripping it to ATL with for madisons recital!
What did everyone think of our orange helmets in the Chick-Fil-A Bowl?
(He as in Laurinaitus)
btw i'm about to start running but i get lost a lot so probably just to like riverwind to geelan maybe trigg and back. lmao
me and my son Dominic want to wish u a happy birthday!!!
Would love if speakers at engineering conferences were as engaging and dynamic as those at #prsaicon Alas we may have a long way to go
I can not believe we let Alonso go! Another Hamilton flashback!
SB 5 up for final passage. Postponed until 1:59pm for third reading. Is this unusual?
My little brother just delivered a rough cut of the final piece of my short film, a seriously funky track for the ending.
L O L
I didn't think The Darkness was still around
So 92.3 is sports talk in Cleveland mow huh... I remember when that was the hip hop station..
Well there goes me sleeping in. Guess I'm supposed to be doing something.
With summer on the horizon and the pation now open, let us know what YOUR favorite ICE CREAM is!!
Tip #168: The mediocre coach tells. The good coach explains. The superior coach demonstrates. The great coach inspires.
They'd rather copy wht they see instead of coming up with something new.
I'd like to see a screenshot of twitter app. I bet he has 5000+ Mentions right now.
It's OFFicial LIVE*DOPE Performances 2nite @ Varsity Lounge 6311 Wilshire Blvd Los Angeles,CA 90048 illiveMusic will be in the building !!
Students: Are you doing something awesome EMAC related (in class or not)? We want to know about it. Drop us a line!
I'm sure was thrilled to be photographed in front of that masterpiece of awkwardness!
But here's my number, so call me maybe...
holy cow. Take calls while watching the game.
if he waited to make babies with his wife, they would have the same house.
Co-learning roots to life long learning- #improv as a way to inspire digital literacy- communicating with a shared unknown Laugh!
Still gloating over winning back mayoral title of office from Don't wry, ull get it back soon! U always get here b4 me.
User:MinyardMercier382 - Print and Digital Research Forum Wiki
Gnite sleeping n my queen along that's fine too
Just interviewed Rob Machado. Pretty cool.
First off you don't know Marshall, at all so don't grow partial
"Are you athletic?" "Yeah I surf...the internet."
I love lascala lunches
I'm saying.
Rove says "I wouldn't compare (Barack Obama) to a pig" & Republicans must be respectful while trying to unseat president
That was the most painful flu shot ever.
is stalking me on Twitter.
is going to win the National Lottery this week. I know that because I'm going to spend $20 on tickets. That makes me confident.
RT #THATcamp An unconference is for everyone who comes, and there are lots of interests & levels of techiness represented
MA thesis had 71 downloads over the last two months. I'm surprised--that seems like a lot for such an obscure subject.
I can't imagine what would be worse... hydrochloric acid to the eye... or a chelsea bayern CL final...
now I know what's it's like being a phillies fan watching a team fall apart with injuries
judge denied request but authorities still investigating...
Morning ppl today feels like a wonderful day
What I wouldn't give to be playing softball right now
I can't wait either!
True that! Thank you for the RT!
"Live and let live". But your comments at times (while funny) are equally ignorant.
There ain't no future in your #frontin.. never was cuz.
I think that feature was released within the last week. I first saw it on :)
today was a great day(:
Dont ever let this girl pick the movie you go see for herself and 3 others! #BigTimeFail!!!
Feeling kind of meh on blogging lately. If interested in writing a guest post let me know! Possible topics: food, fitness, EDs, MDs, or more
not sure whivh #instagram is you. A.few of you pop up, im justrosystylin
Anyone know what is on fire on the east side of portland? east of 205 north of Powell?
#goripcity for hot wholesale NBA tix
First we had beautiful beach weather. Now the temp has dropped and we're wearing long socks again! Stupid weather. Stupid solar flare!!!
In china white collar wages are going down. Blue collar wages are going up.
Brewers and playoff hockey and basketball? Good thing its raining out because I'm not leaving the house
Is he a teepee-dwelling smiling public man?
Write specific cover letters and make sure to quantify your resume as much as you can towards whatever job U may be applying for
RT Ppl entertain the wrong things
Use our site FREE for any goal from "improve my social skills", "lose weight" to "redo my bedroom". www.iaminc.biz
Wishes she were a contestant on "Dance Your Ass Off". What? Don't judge me.
Been playing around with adobe premiere, Making this travel ad. so far so good. Love the design world.
Honored to have my article included in your list Patrick.
gotta love the five dollar footlong, homework time with the boy.
Watching LeVar Burton address #sxswedu. Our IS academic conferences need to step up!
that is a beautiful sweater!!! :D
Pretty sure I just finished a song I can't wait for y'all to hear!:)
thought I'd let you know I was sitting in the doctors office reading your tweets. Highlight of my day. Ahahaha.
Bowlers everywhere coming together to fight breast cancer - You guys are amazing! Thank you for all you do!
#everyblackneighborhood cops don't even enter
How is your day going Liz?
It was real
It looks like interpolated speech
just saw love Beatles circ in Vegas such memories great show I wonder tho if John would of approved
Goose Island BCBS and Jester King Black Metal on sale It'll go fast.
#NeverShouldYouEver tell someone "I love you" and not meant. Why play with someone's feelings? #
I seriously love you!!!!
Why is this man singing so loud like simmer down
Co-inquiry supports use of technology, STEM, and global learning too! Focus PD in this area.
Thank you, Mr. President!! That's all I have!
hope you're having a blast!
Saving for more than one goal? Keep separate #savings accounts. Use fee free accounts and setup
Niall : I'm not hot. Directioners : What ??? Liam : What ? Demi: What ? Obama : What ? Ireland : What? Aliens : What ?
It's 10:15pm on a Sat night and I wanna know: where are YOU enjoying The National Beer of Texas right now?
Welcomes Andrew Chin to the Board of Directors!
if i touched it she would have put it right back but wanted to see how long she would leave it and also take pix and laugh!
Karma water + vodka = Bad Karma
Thanks in advance - but knowing your schedule, those five minutes might take a while!
hey (: how was your day?
Passed the test now ready to get stoned
Paddle for a CURE-Fun Paddle June 30th, Winter Haven Park - 4600 S. Atlantic Ave., Ponce Inlet, Florida
Great to see you last week!!!
Im kind of glad I didnt date her. its obvious she's a fuck up and irresponsible. Dodged a bullet
Doing some marketing for our food drive December 1...Contact me for more info, and help make a difference for San Diego's hungry!
Damn with i could watch
Busy day in the Southern #Rhone today; 5 Domaine visits and 95 separate wines/blends tasted. Really liking 2010 & 2011...
both, mostly missions tho, im trying to beat it 100%
Get the herb rolled, lets relax!
the racket or the cabdriving?
Thank god it's Wednesday! Can't wait for my fix of Savage Love! Can always use a twisted laugh or two.
Omg Deena. I freaking love the Meatballs
Who's going to be in Philly for PLA? I want to see you!!!
thanks Danielle, you're so sweet <3
son las 23:48 y a ya ?
Only two more missions aboard the ACSV Borasis before Charlie Nielson calls it quits.
Illuminati fingerbolts of slash slash; Godhead cached; and I'm dashing; I'm dashing down gravel yards of Egyptian sparkle; born on breath.
yea, that's typical.. It's just frustrating after working an overnight
#FF my awesome comics friends: (new podcast!)
COCO LOUNGE GOIN DIZZOWN IN A MAJOR WAY TONIGHT!!! ALL THE WAY CRUNKED UP!!
Please tell me clumsiness is endearing.
It's going to be a good time! The Gentlemen of Texas Omicron will be providing the drinks, entertainment, & rides to the game.
Tonight! Show at the Triple Rock in Minneapolis, w/ and Triple Crossed . Doors at 5pm, we play at 5:30!!!
Laptop has crashed.. Blue screen... Gonna take it in... Too much data to trust my own skills to fix it...
Up here in Prattville filming a launch party for Call Of Duty Modern Warfare 3 with Kaylas Rentals. at GameStop
Throwing in the towel.
I just added a new blog post! NO RISK CREDIT REPAIR
What?!?! Was it not doing well with views?? I thought it was fairly popular. I'm about to be real in my feelings =(
Grover Cleveland
Those who cannot change their minds cannot change anything. --George Bernard Shaw
#nowplaying No Scrubs <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
#SaySomethin was flawless girl
Thinkin... Where would I be w/out GOD.....
thanks for the #ff round-up! :)
U wr gr8 2nite! Emotional nite? Y'all winners just take drose in yr heart! U won all year long I know y'all cn take ths!
Baby, you look WHOREfying. c':
You can't think decently if you don't want to hurt yourself--Ludwig Wittgenstein.
Where should I tell my friend to upload his mixtape? Datpiff? LiveMixtapes? Coast2CoastMixtapes? I dunno....
Is listening to 'The Psychology of Selling:The Art of Closing the Sale' by #briantracy on
You got at least one follower bc of {me}
I like Delta! Don't get me started on united and or continental, by far the worst airlines I've ever flown on
Yes, and eight breast implants. She was unrecognizable.
miss you lady! MC Baby Hair has been mooooooovinnnnn!!
My boyfriend stalks my twitter :p
I know Comic Book Men is just Pawn Stars for nerds but i liked it.
#tired ! It's too early to get up for school...
#BlackFriday shopping was crazy last night. Really happy that I went out though. Great deals and savings!
Word to that. Happy new year/decade, my good man.
Tru but what about the ones that do happen 2 hear voices in the mind n dnt know why n dnt understand it,like me.or am I crazy.?
i love you so much you are my idol and my ispiration you are beautiful and my new coulor of hair is red like you.......
go night night ;-). U will feel better. XO
Ridiculous play by D Wade and LBJ. Gotta love the allstar game
Thank you Design!
is the funniest ever of all time! No homo.
Thank you! : Will ask to take a look.
“: Next week is week 9. Thank you Lord!” <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0093>
nice! hope to make it out west for a show someday :)
Do not piss off the person making french toast. There is nothing worse than french toast blue balls.
Nice cool morning at Purdue!
glad to hear your like for much appreciated.
That Concert was Crazy today. So many people!
Fed up with Monday? Fill up with something more fun in ! $3 wells, $6.25 Guinness pints, 3-6pm!
Crazy for make ups.. Ahh wish i had so much money to buy all those.. <U+263A><U+2665><U+2611>
good point.
I'm back in LA
The job fair begins 10am for veterans & military families at Compuware HQ in downtown #Detroit. Opens for general public 11am.
I dont think tweetergetter works either
RT RT : The sweat of success is failure. If you're not willing to get wet, you're not willing to succeed.~MJ DeMarco
Playing solo piano at the Arroyo Chop House tonight in Pasadena, 7-11pm.
send me your resume, we'll get you a job where you can plug your radio in!
You fucking kidding me
They gon love me for my ambition.
Please Follow Back! Thats My All Time Wish other than meeting you of course!(: #NeverSayNever xoxo
dare I ask how you know that's what they smell like?
Now strip off your clothes and take off your socks
Come on, let's be reasonable Bring Back Ringer
And he lives.downtown? thats where my crew at lol
Sometimes it's good to contrast what you like with something else. It makes you appreciate it even more.
MT : Sold out once again! Thank you all for your support & we REALLY hope to see you back here tomorrow!
Tough luck, bud. Come back to use stronger. Wishing you luck and a speedy recovery.
CBS is without a doubt praying as hard as they can for Points to make bogey here.
I always forget where he lives, Koreatown?
#ud11 #ala11 Breeding: RDA will have little impact on discovery.
I wish it was a 3 day weekend
I sleep i think yes c;
see your face shining Like the moon in the night
#datacite is fast on the RT, 3 in 1 minute on Moore Foundation's RFI for Data Intensive Science dis.ideascale.com
Music is math
what happened?!??!???!??!?!??? Did he break up with you?? Imma break his legs!
It turns to gases inside and floats.Wonder if u eat alot of beans you would float better?Or maybe be just like a jetski
Yessir, neat story - best of luck! RT glad you liked the story! Thanks!
<Happy thursday and have a great weekend!
Drunk inxgromy of my mom and she's laughing <U+3093><U+306A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Remember Also Double XP all weekend!
There's something that we have been trying to change in our lives but we continue to accept that as something we have to with!!THAT'S A LIE!
Asian girls everywhere, UCLA
: Cool view!
I guess since twitter is having issues this would be a good time to meditate. See you in an hour-ish. Om Gum Ganapatayei Swaha
life's too short... to live it unhappy...
Warm burrata with spring onion, spicy tomato broth, lemon & grilled bread
Foreshadowing RT : Okay, if the defense allows a first down here, I will die of laughter.
the wave goodbye arrow shirts are the only 3XL i've seen on NIN stuff in 10+ years of selling NIN retail. :>)
Thanks, but I don't like the taste of spam.
im gonna go w/ the Brewers RT #Brewers fans, who do you think will win tomorrow's intrasquad game? The Brewers or the Brewers
So busy animating I forgot to get back to you with the announcement! well...
just kidding...coordinating a wedding this weekend. Have fun!
I ain't even know it was April fools otc til I hopped on twitter
Genetic Technologies (Nasdaq:GENE) receives CLIA certification for BREVAGen
": #Aries who haven't matured are very childish in nature."
so you creep?haha(I typed you name on my iPod and it changes to math 0.o)random..
Well G00g shut their's down. No need to compete.
Awesome thank you for voting!! you rock!
I though I was just going to relax today.. Until Daniel (my step-dad) made me go on a 10 mile bike ride. My. Legs. Hurt.
Royal farms!
Thx you guys! Plus for pulling me out of twitter dormancy. Have a good MLA.
#HockstarPresents Wants A Spot Too, Hit Us Up
You know my hearts a stereo it only beats for you 3>
Georgia field goal is no good! PREDS WIN!
My phone is faster, more capable & reliable than my ipad.
Haha lmao! We all know we're lesbian as fuck, can't deny that gingerhead ;) <U+2665>
I dont have an attitude problem i just have a personality you can't handle
looking for ONE extra ticket to armory VERNISSAGE opening for a collector. Please direct message or email if you have one!
no surprise that i'm in a good mood; worked with and Apple this morning. great #customerservice driven businesses
NOGAYVIDPRDUCTIONS check us out on youtube rock ur socks off get out of my mind bitch
Thank you Lord for this beautiful Day!
haha it was so cool!
At the dentist again with a spazzing phone...
Everybody dies but not everybody lives
I was kidding!
you know what would help that shoulder pain? If you come up here and lick my butthole.
AWESOME. What does the little one think of the new little one?
Sell your books to BookHolders and you could win $1,000, Mortal combat, Portal 2, or other awesome prizes.
It's getting closer to 5pm... Maybe now people are starting to get excited!?
I look at the world thru a kings eyes
off top of my head, I'm sure I have others in the running
Some people just cant handle chi town.
#NowPlaying How Far is Heaven by Los Lonley boys...YouTube it..and Nomi has some new shoes and glasses girl...
Child shoves a peanut up her nose. Too bad you don't get much nutritional value that way...
Thanks for the link! Appreciate you keeping your eye on the issues facing homeless kids.
Came w/ speed through neutral zone and snapped it past Bryzgalov before he could even react.
the digital world helped sports fans as much as anybody. All you really need anymore is an internet connection. Isn't it cool!
so Y U NO talk to me anymore?! Miss you cb <3
Bad news: Reports of #SOPA's death premature. New deal may be struck. Markup will resume 12/21 in US House.
I wish my iPod could read my mind that way it would know what to play for what mood I'm in.
Experimenting with Greek yogurt today. Have some crazy stuff to mix it with!
duh! Fuck this Kim K shit!
Agreed. RT : Today we are very lucky to be talking
Now back to the microfilm, this time with a tasty chai to keep me awake :-)
Falling asleep to Disney movies and hearing the soft rain fall against my window and rooftop. Life is good. :)
There's Sometimes I Go Out & I look Across the Water...
I have to say that I am pretty glad they decided to save you! You are extremely good!
Remember almost everything is $2 on Tuesday! Patron, Bacardi, Absolut, Goose, Jack, Johnny.. you name it and it's yours for $2
Questions of the day? Star Wars or Star Trek? P-nut butter or jelly? Post or Point? Pepsi or Coke? Yankees or the field?
Michelle Obama is the Belle of the Ball at Kennedy Center Honors When it comes to style, Michelle Obama rarely gets it wrong, and she abs
I agree. Would you categorize Chris Johnson as an Al Davis guy, btw?
Good morning and have a glovely day.
This nigga stripped to his drawls and came in room dancing .__. lol
Thank you! Thank you! Thank you!
Armstrong discussing X-15 touchdown speed around 200 knots. Speedy little stubby-winged brick!
please follow me??????
~Justin follows me~ RT if you want 10 DMs to him<><>
i love you too! i cant wait to see u monday too! :]
Buffalo Bills top pick CB Stephon Gilmore long ago had vivid dreams of NFL ... - Washington Post
Target your social media posts to your audience. Keep on-topic & save things like baby pictures & vacation plans for your personal pages.
Light eyes and blonde hair are a plus.....but a great smile and personality should be a must.
WOO HOO! Stoked for you!! and I were just talking about rides to sign up for this weekend.
Rolling through NYC gives energy like no other. Two meetings down and one to go before noon. Getting it done!
I believe in the 20%! You'll do fine – that's why you're a member of the EduCon Conference Services team :)
nsn dvd is the BEST follow? RT? Answer me? I love u!!!! MAY*MY*B-DAY!!!! <3
Always Smile Bro! Follow Me! #BelieberBoy 70
I'm not calling for a second chance, I'm screaming at the top of my voice.
Yea, bit is growing as well. Can't imagine what we'd be using 30 yrs down the road!
rain or shine tomorrow AM??
So happy I caught Charlie Rose's interview with Bill Nighy tonight. If you get a chance, watch it. Nighy LOVES Dylan and Van Morrison - cool
My brother is the only guy I can count on
- My take away is always that is you want to work with the best people then you need to be an expert and a great fan
Maybe you should stop inviting me to weddings.
Of course a cookbook will have video
I wish Someone would quit being scary in play me in madden.....
#sdmayornp Lewis: where do we draw the line? Filner: priorities. Fletcher: some issues cross boundaries, solve those with philanthropy.
Worst news ever!
Biebers In Vancover? That's Not Far From Here! :)
Thanks Michelle! I'm excited... two passions; food and healing
Q2) Who, in terms of job types and experience levels, can use Viralheat?
BECAUSE I TOLD HER I BAWLED MY FACE OFF.
#failure #failure #failure yep that's you!
How did you ever guess?! Nice work! RT lime green? cc:
WHAT THE HECK " APRO.PK " is the next top peeny stock of the year OMG...
Comedian Josh Blue from Last Comic Standing just came in to FastFrame of LoDo to do some framing!
Glow in the dark dunk? Boring!!!
Ok let me get this straight. I cd have as many txt msgs saved as I wanted on OS4 but OS5 can't handle it so I can't receive txt? Wow!
thank u homiee.
Thanks for the RT!
Perfect skim boarding weather.
Agreed. Even if Marion is doing it. Some guy died planking on a 7 story balcony.
Don't look back...but make sure to look sideways sometimes!
Met the guys from Rogue Shard Design (). Nice guys, and some cool stuff on their reel.
HELL yea
already bro
Happy #FF! Have a great weekend!
I'm on my SNB right now. Watch out fashion week. Key: (Satisfied nigga bullshit)
You stare at your self at day in the mirror it doesn't mean you know who you are. -Tony D.
Kurt Vonnegut~ We are what we pretend to be so we must be careful what we pretend to be.
Vivane! TY so much for that wonderful write-up! You distilled the story into an engaging post w/great tasting notes. Cheers!
Everybody's famous in a small town, but one day, I'll be famous in a big town!
Happy Halloween to the cast, crew and supporters of ODD BRODSKY!!
I don't wanna go to school tomorrow. I wanna stay home chill!
hell yea bomb weed n palm trees. b n atl next month f wit me
Woo! Donald! Cc
Less than 24hours til #RedState Seattle advance screening at McCaw Hall plus Q&A with !! I can't wait to witness the magic
If Isaiah Thomas played for the Knicks, I guarantee you he would of been higher in the ROY voting
Nice, lol that made me laugh :-)
Good energy rules! RT : Its a new day, yesterday is only memories now, its the past, move on forward and stay positive.
totally!! she wanted all 3 of them
DID YOU KNOW?! "Caterpillars have over 2,000 muscles!" Soy strong! YOU'RE WELCOME
And we have the BEST minds on our side for marketing!
sometimes actions speak louder than words, hence the reason i prefer to punch you in the face instead of talking it out
color scheme... burnt orange & chocolate brown...
HAHA, or maybe it's the 2:30am start to my day (I'm still living in NYC time)
hands r cute show me your hands
Good morning! Did you make a mobile purchase this weekend?
Mr Gervais was darling. He speaks his mind, while clouding it with free cocktails. He's like a male Paul Lynde.
SUPER fun. let's cover more of that album!
Someone take me to the beach!
"If your love was all I had, in this life, that would be enough, till the end of time..cause I'm gonna love u girl, till the end of time!!!"
BIKE FIXED! much thanks to Johnny Sprockets for dealing with my beginner biker questions...
Trader joes makes me feel like a girl shopping for shoes
One of many awesome things about - stacks of baskets randomly placed around stores. Brilliant.
Is Charles Jenkins for real? Having quite the game.
yum! Wat kind? And nm playing temple run
How would your parents describe you?
if there is one thing i cant stand it's "Insult To Injury"......Blah
Reagan told me to follow you haha
As if enough NY players haven't already torn their ACLs lately! Jeez
Trying to get to "everyone" will get you to "no one."
Ugly ass girl lol
Love the dads sniffing baby butt commercial.
I SMOKE LOUD THO I DONT SMOKE NO REGULAR !
Yeah Justin Bieber in trends
Listening to from Illinois! Waiting for (:
thanks for the feedback!
just heard that you're passing the torch. Is there truth to this?
So many elephants in the sky right now, not sure what to make of it!
Understood. Had to make that decision before. It was right, but boy it felt wrong.
Congratulations! Yahoo!
Thanks to all who came out this weekend for West Side Story, The Muppets or the Animated Oscar Nominated Shorts! This weekend is Live Action
Lol RT : I do feel u, but I had to respect the concept and sample. That song cold!
I don't know if this is right, but #WISN12 is trending right now, at least according to my twitter page...Hm
Hey twenties looking to be a fashion and/or #stylist/ assistant in #LA . Anybody know of openings?
Hate what you aint
I see what your saying. In my opinion, he's saying it doesn't change who he is (always moderate & an independent thinker) but...
Congrats to my #OhioU #Bobcats & everyone in #BobcatsNation on a fine season! We just keep getting stronger!
Heading back to Ch'ville in a while.
Frozen...went to wedding on Jacksonville Beach at Sunset...Brrrr.
Sure, but you need to follow me so I can DM you :) RT: DM me her name and we will reserve her ticket for
dont feel bad, nobody can keep up wit me. :) u n jax?
taking the kids hiking...will send some sketches and ideas when i get home
Ha! Yes! You're the best. Wish you were down here to join us tonight!
No. More. Advice. Columns. Please.
three garden tools...trifecta
I use
Be grateful for what you have, while in pursuit of what you want ~ Jim Rohn
That's some ugly bball...
So I still failed my apush test but ny % went up :)
It is World Vegetarian Week! Save Animals! Be healthy! Try new veggies!
Re-asking question from yesterday: Educators, would you strike in #solidarity with Chicago teachers? In support of REAL #publiced change?
#IHSMDC Awesome Event! Thank you and The speakers were great! Look forward to the next one.
in the single digits now.
Wine lovers unified! Raise your glasses! Thanks for the RT's
lets keep this hush hush, but i watched that crap
no not yet because I don't have a victorian collar:/ ideas? I want to though....
So far going to Atlanta, Seattle and Kentucky this summer :) stoked!!!!
How been sending tonnes of spam messages, (that I didn't know about). Just changed my password. Sorry to everyone....
Haha, thanks:) is that weird? if you read the link I mention that...
Definitely! Very excited to watch next round.
Happily wearing my earrings from Thankful for an amazing day!
skirt steaks marinated in soy and bbq sauce is like nothing I have ever tasted. I am pretty much veg now...but I fantasize
Breaking Nws: Soyuz FG rocket successfully launches with 2 Russians & 1 American crew in route for the Intl. Sp. Stn.
Thanks for the Friday shout out!!
never that .....When Have I ever started things lol
just to the bus stop. #lesspollution you?
#NowPlaying: The #MarioLanza Show. Mario sings the best in opera and contemporary tunes.
they max out at like 120 miles.
Oh where oh where are my sunglasses !?
Supermoon is just a liberal theory. I don't even see it! What's wrong with the normal moon with the American flag on it?
Welcome home musashi meal?
trying to find motivation to study. luv cuddling with too much though.
Ha, I'm likin what I see. That looked delish - glad to hear you're alive!
All database service back to normal now.
A1 I enjoy the train because there is room to walk around and you're able to see more of the landscape
congrats on 10,000 followers :D
Ohh yeaa && I'm going to my wife house of course
Nice warm, sunny day! Finishing the first week my litigation class!
If your out tonight ask for dragon blue vocka.
Douche bar?
TL jumping late night
That moment where you just want to hit the loud ass person sitting next to you straight in the face. KO baby.
Oh what i would give to be sitting in a car with , animal crackers, and a black and mild.
I don't care about that fight but I wanna drink tonight.
#LADIESLOVEME I'm on my cool j! #stuckonreplay ((; &
Hey Michael, thanks for the kind words bro! The online store will be open in a few days!
yes they do
name the time and place. i'll bring my gamecube, sucka.
Thank you hater. Lol.
I didnt see you last night but I left my resume with Meghan. Thanks again!
Sorry...how is a taco wrapped in a Dorito crappy? Besides the fact that its going to cause me to crap?...
Who is this I'm hearing on the radio? This is hot. This girl singing who sounds like Amerie but I don't think its her.
There are no rules against eating cookies in the shower.
pointless fights <<<<
I am so bored. Im going to see Devil (the movie of course) either tomorrow or today... was gonna go yesterday but my sis is lazy...
Hey! What's wrong with wanting to be cruelty-free?
..and I just bit the inside of my lip. -_-
We're excited to have you on board-- welcome to the team!
Uncle Tom said what again?
you are truly beautiful and an inspiration to a lot of people everywhere :) <3
I hate when da home team all wear the team colors
Jack's Mannequin radio to accompany me on this long night ahead
That moment when the pirates of the caribbean's theme song comes on pandora and I become so excited.
Yes there just happens to be a movement now of people who are tired of constantly being shown these unattainable images.
WHOA!!! I remember a #Brewers/#Blue Jays game at Skydome years ago delayed b/c of gnat infestation. But this, yikes.
the old 80s show?
TXLC with My Loving Wifey (and new R.E. partner) for a quick lunch and then an afternoon Real Estate training class at Century 24 Theatres
Hope so!
If the Nets beat the Heat tonight, I will die happy.
12th Planet tho!? 9fest is about to be beyond dope AF, call it rage fest <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
I hope it'll air this summer. It will include our Carman's story that's aired only on WQED so far. I'd KILL to do HOT DOGS 2!
maybe? Reading books makes you think stfange things.
Nothing like getting schooled by a 10 year old in black ops.... is it monday yet....
Thanks, Mark!
I always wanted to sing in the choir.
Students make up 27% of SAA members (if I heard that right)
"You can close your eyes to things you don't want to see, but you can't close your heart to the things you don't want to feel"
Great Show indeed! RT : Great show bummed about no "jackets", but you still rocked the
pic caption "next rest stop 30 miles"
what up with my psychopa-chics... I love my juggalettes!
I fall 2 hard to fast this is why I don't want to be in a relationship my emotions always over take me
Worried that DDC # building is the way new catalogers are weeded out, and I'm not going to pass. Like college music theory (i passed that).
Thanks for stopping in! RT : had a really good cut Marlborough, MA by Gennette
Becoming a Spurs fan after this performance
"A lie gets halfway around the world before the truth has a chance to get its pants on." - Winston Churchill
so glad to here that I wish I could see you guysore often.
Currently having a meeting while trying to stay tuned to #shehechat with , sorry guys will chime in soon.
not much just at work! How u been bf?
Why is my face sore?
Paris: Seau will be remembered as a hometown hero and one who gave as much off the field as on it.
Skating New York Is Fun
I'm not voting for King of the Web unless is nominated. wtf
Bob Templin argues that NoVA region needs NOVA to help students keep region healthy, despite public reduction of funding of 25%.
I wish I had friends to hangout with lmao .
Happy New Year to our Firkin friends.
had eggs/bacon yesterday morning. Again, a waste of a good hangover cure as I was working
I think I cheated with , in my mind, yesterday lol. He did such a fantastic job. Gotta love a dreamer :)
New career services and universities following : (Dillard), , , (USC-Beaufort).
Dave Chappelle Stand Up > Dave Chappelle Movies
I'll never again bring a one-litre bottle of pellegrino to a meeting that usually runs late.
You Ignorant Ass Hell Die In Yo Sleep Hoe
San DiegoTruism: reigns!
OMG! Thanks, I sm running to get it. I have been suffering for 3 yrs! LOL!
Yes, why?
I'm all done with submitting. My season of submissions is over. You all have my work now. I'm going to start writing again. And wait.
Follow And I'll Give You A Shoutout!!! :))
#ThoughtsWhileRunning maybe if I pass out I won't have to finish this workout
you are Awesome!
I've always been in the right place and time. Of course, I steered myself there. - Bob Hope
Mark it down #GatorNation RT : Just 110 days until #Florida kicks off it's football season. #GoGators!!!
i don't have any extras but if I come across one I will let you know. Do you care about the night?
yes I actually saw that in the Sun Times...dropping like flies.
And, of course, on a day I could totally get away with sleeping in, I'm wide awake at 5:30 AM.
Have u subscribed to #ncslma google group? Or checked out our bloc? www.ncslma.org
TRUST: Giving GOD full reign over your life, having FAITH to BELIEVE that GOD knows what is BEST!
Hurry there is still time. Amazing App Friday! Lots of apps for FREE to celebrate 1 year anniversary. HURRY! www.momswithapps.com
we don't have a day yet we are usually really about about actually hanging out. Lol
Crossing my fingers hoping someone recorded 's ustream concert
writing about ice cream makes a person very hungry...
I'm the Defense Against The Dark Arts teacher of trying to change my wiper blades each year
watching NHL network and what do you know? you get a tweet saying sven scored again!
New Twitter Material
What's going on everyone in Myspace Land?
Looking for all buyers.... Ready to bid on Jobs
u slow , af . & he really didn't answer tho . I'll tell u if he call back
real hip hop lovers and street niggas will say different, but you going against me from day one. ya opinion means shit 2 me
Scanning and databasing the Liberace Foundation's photo archive - 1200 photos in and I'm still in the 1950s!
Getting knifed on BF3 is so much worse than getting knifed on COD... They steal your dogtag :(
Meeting you has made me a better person..
nope cause i don't have to be seen in public with you. bahahaha
I love how Rob calls Alex a whore.
Chow=what my co-worker says. And all pretentious pricks.
Went country line dancing for the first time last night. Why wasn't I introduce to this earlier in life!
Hahaha i tend to do that.. I was talking about anything that was the definition of anything lol ;o)
playing it next!
Happy easter!!!
fair only if I get to buy you a beer at capital fringe and meet you
Come out and see The World's Worst Play, Ever! Info at Theatre68.com I'm on every Saturday and Sunday!
thanks for following :)
My inspiration for this coming year, "I Choose" India Arie
Thanks for following Kevin!
I spent 3 hours writing a report.... ugh
Slow down son. You killing them!
I have never seen them, but it was pretty cool
welcome, mister!
thanks for checking us out! Hope you enjoy the music :) --
I think we've got a great lawsuit on our hands...I'll go grab some Aqua de Gio ;)
However, for Class #1 and Class #2, we have the Facebook option. I hope this helps! Enjoy Reinvent Me LIVE!
m. im gonna eat pizza
My heart and prayers goes out to Troy Davis. America smh
Today I've been heads down at work doing code and fixing major appliances. :P
:D you are the #bestestboyfriend in the world. hehe
Gonna take a nap, someone call me at 10:30 to make sure im up :D.
Why is simplification so difficult?
Welcome to my new follower.. #nf you back ma... #WELCOME!
im doing good day an hows u :)
Thanks guys!
I'm sayyyyyin! Lol you're welcome. :-)
Woah chatting w in canada he is working on the drupal side of things! #dccodeathon - waiting for AU and SE to wakeup and join in!
RT : RT : BREAKING: Alleged election tampering in District 8's Waukesha County is being investigated. NBC News.
Would you guys be interested in being a entertainment correspondent for our webshow?
#HowToGetRejected talking about you ready for me to meet your Kids! Girl I just met you.. Couldn't that wait a couple Years?
Wow, ORBIS is looking pretty slick.
Macarthur Park is running through my head, and it's all the Amazing Betty's fault. Curse you Richard Harris!
Most Popular Weather Site: Weather Underground [Hive Five Followup]
So glad the choose you! The series is so well done, I've thoroughly enjoyed & learned from each one.
RT this if you have a family member that has cancer): i wish that cancer would get cancer and die!!!!
Could never get past Geddy Lee's voice. If it weren't for Molson & Labatts, he & Bryan Adams would have me hating Canada.
send it to
I love being served sparkling water with my espresso. I know it's common at better coffee houses, but thought it was worth a mention.
The past few mornings I've heard seagulls outside my window - did my house move without my knowing? what happened to my quail?
All I ever wanted to do was make you smile.
I'm hoping some of the rain we get today will wash off some of the goose poop on my car. Did I do something to offend you, goose?!
So much for a birthday daytrip...
Jaleel shouldn't be going. Damn dance duels.
Saw The Avengers today with and If you haven't seen it, go see it! It's FANTASTIC!
"Access Hollywood" has a way of taking everything that I think is wrong with the world and funneling it into a 30 minute documentary
send your address to
Most females say in 2012 they rather b a boo-thing or a Mistress then 2 b in a relationship: no stress, freedom, no strings, less heartbreak
now in school like most everyone else -- teaching pre-term 2.5 week course on design to undergrads for sept arts intensive program
Juniors: Hugo – Hugo Logo
GM my twiter and Fb family please go to the kickstarter Web and see a preview of my book age of the beast
A great big thanks to all the artists that work with us. Without their music this would not be possible!
Prostate cancer is actually more than one disease, each requiring a unique therapy targeting the specific cause. Genome Research (Oct 2010)
Who should the Yankees name as their #2 starter, Kuroda or Pineda?
Now it's time to drive to New York City.
bonus points for the most composerly joke of the morning... :D
RT Went to Planet Fitness for the first time this morning. now i'm tired...
We're getting new space, too. I don't think I can take this place long enough to get there.
No matter how much u give a person your all they seem just to step on your heart even more smh
On another note I've completely purged my twitter timeline of all traces of the Take *that* Goodell.
pick up Dev Henderson & drop Mike Williams/SEA or keep Williams? Starters r Boldin/Welker/Burress
in Vegas Wendy clubbing after thr mixer now I can't sleep to excited about meeting you and
To seek, to yearn, to drive, to burn, to hope, to wonder, to question & ponder, to desire, to dream, to sing,to fly again & again, to live.
even one or two titles, just so i know where to start..
Enjoyed my first Naptown Roller Girls event last night w/hubby! Thanks !
I could damn sure use a blunt of sour rite now
What was up with that high school game on ESPN tonight? Could the refs have blown any bigger of a call?!
What are you giving mom for mothers day?
Allergies continue to plague me…thinking of getting and using a Neti Pot…any thoughts?
How late is the market open today?
Hehe, YES they are :D
jaden love U so Much !!!! please follow me !! thanks !! It would mean the world if u did
next week is the last week of school for me!! im so happy, i cant wait!!
Ha! Me too.
#saturdaylibrarian today. 30 minutes until we open to the public...
My #fridayreads: Charles Frazier's Nightwoods. My one-word review: wow.
Thanks for the follow!
Danke! Are you still attending the conference?
Student question about SafeRides -- Rocco DelMonaco of DPS says they're trying to cut down on wait time (including SMS updating).
Got in the mood for Hip Hop today. Went and checked out some of the new stuff. Tomorrow back to Trance/HK-Pop/Jazz/R&B/Rock/Alt/Metal
Wanting to put US in trUSt <3 <3 <3
Has anyone tried using CoreAudio for sonar? At least ranging, since positional probably can't be done. cc:
lol. im thinking about being a model and want others opinions lol
Hockey is so intense .
Putting your ipod on shuffle and then skipping through all the songs until you find the one you actually want to listen to.
. thanks for the #FF love! You are the best! :0)
Ohai I'm done with school now what now
BABY MAKE ME FEEL SO GOOD !!! BUT ALL MA GUYS KEEP TELLIN ME THAT YOU NO GOOD......
nope, but their always tonight, that's means when I get off work lol!! I'll send one bro!!
Windows 8 preview: Microsoft is abandoning the "Start" button! Clever. Do they now include a "Stop" button instead?
I love Louis and his cuteness! He is such a good dancer! (:
ugh me too.
Playing in Basketball and winning the tournament. What more can I ask for in a day?!
Just came up with a look for a scene. 6am, tired as shit, and little sleep. I guess there's your silver lining?
I am actually hooked on debates now, even more than watching The Real Housewives series or some Law & Order Series
I haven't been there since I was 9 months old. Have fun and eat chocolate for me!
Been editing film for a testimonial page.. amazing how much people love their Artistic Home!
Good stuff 2day. I researched gel nails & the skin cancer link. Plus a local nurse is up 4 a ntl award - nominated by her 17yr old patient
Can we talk about how the #Fringe intro is the greatest.
thanks! gotta get up early now, I'm on the morning show!
good point. there is data that suggests that kids who start playing music a young age develop larger corpus callosa.
tag mo b there baby
MT : 70 knot winds 2000 feet above fire. Will b difficult for #TrafficCopter850 to get up there.
You're welcome! We hope it was a good race.
Discounts to anyone are always available, contact us at
Come on
RT : #Texas #atx #UT Howdy!! We make Pecan Street Rum in Pflugerville, TX just north of #Austin. Try it, you'll love it!
Yahoo Inks Streaming Deal with Grateful Dead’s Weir
i totally just choked on some peanut butter! ah!
It's raining, it's pouring... as we make our way back home!!
follow me back n I'll dm u
Hailing in #pdx with sun shining through
I am so excited about the announcement of Noels and shabbaz tomorrow the anticipation is killing me hoping4big blue happiness not blue tear
Loving the power of the punnani in music lately .. thanks Adele,Rihanna & Taylor swift :p (the girliest tweet from me in a min :p. )
It is always nice to find a copy of #HenryMiller's #Sexus for $1 at the #Strand. Now I have six copies of the same book on my shelf
More than 30 taken to hospital after Conn. concert
These turkey burgers from Whole Foods suck!
Please correct me if I'm wrong on that.
Real good beats on s tell ya friends
RT : Partly cloudy and dry at the track. See you here!
Retweet if u saw ParanormalActivity3 when it came out & if scared tht shit out of u:))
It's official! seeing with !!
Rev me to a round 2
I really am SOO. excited. for. you. truly. You have made it. Me=envious and proud. :) :)
Yikes... "gaps in earnings btwn hs grads and college grads are greater than gender and racial gaps."
Subway dr pepper yummy
Live by the beach and work doesn't seem like work! The pic is my office at times! Come see me!!
:D ok
Urgent plea for those not wanting to collect sigs to help with data entry at 110 King in Madison. Contact
hey bruva. good hanging with you at Salted. hope the missus is feeling better. wish you all a safe trip home.
following for a follow back :)
at least they won't require the use of a ladder
A wise friend just told me: When you're walking through hell, just remember to keep on walking.
Hope I don't disappoint. Starting to think I may tweet more than I facebook - limits my snarkiness to 142 characters!
": Appreciate the follow Sheila!! Make it a great day!! :)" thanks for the follow as well!!
OMG would you get over that, it was dark and you couldn't see so you decided to trip(;
Won't you share my world
X + REASONS WHY PERIODS SUCK. + X
oh shit. I'll have to look. Doubt it'll make it on and I know faux news won't cover it
oh yea that was me...getting refocused
do you have any books on Fleming County, KY in the 1830s?
Kinda sounds like Santorum is hating on Romney for having the money to run a lot of attack ads. Interesting.
HAHAHA I TELL MY FRIEND SHELBY AND SHE'S LIKE, "Oh he's really cute." FREAKING THANK YOU.
Not what I meant. I meant like,I wouldn't be upset at you, it wasn't really your choice at that moment, it was an impulse
I cannot wait to be filled in. Have an amazing week with the fam!
were the afraid of them in last years playoffs?
All if my ideas seem to evolve without i.e. mining for precious metals on asteroids and live gaming
Given the chance I can do anything! That's just how I'm wired.
Oh FOLLOW HER
Thank You SO Much For The Follow! :)
you're on crack. Kenan Alibegovic's borat voice is better than borat's
#Bulls are Gettin it done on defense right now
Whoa. lied about.. what.. o_O
I think im on that white boy shit today
Older, unattractive women who dress like they're 20 >>>>>>>
I am confused whats the problem with Muggling? I mean its in all the Harry Potter books.
RT : We cant Call The Girls in The Band bitches so them WITCHES
Dam the girl candy from WSHH THICK AS HELL
Can you please tweet me just once? I love you so much, never say never...right? :)
good morning alex (:
RT : Joseph Kony is a monster!
The first shall be last and the last shall be first....Show some some love for one of GODS children who maybe down on his/her luck.
new from Girl in a Coma! I love them!! :)
I kept asking "who is "George Zimmerman" connected to? I've nvr heard of anyone being unarrested in my life. Its not evn a word..4 a reason.
I just overheard a Dad say to his daughter at the mall, "boys at this age are not friends...they are predators!" Haha
good morning <3 it would make my day if you followed or tweeted me please <3
Jason Motte of the Cardinals looks like Casey Abrams from American Idol
your welcome
Somebody pleas explain that Kony shit to me...
Make a list of all the positive benefits exercising has on your life, from giving you more energy to reducing your health ailments & beyond.
because he's old?? or just you know.. music boner?
I got alot cleaning done today....tired as hell
Have you viewed the counter rotating vortices?
older musicians complaining that "it's not what it used to be", but never going out to hear the younger cats. strange - and predictable.
Aw ok....u deleted ur Facebook?
thank you love :)
-.- ask about me..lol
i hate it when you're sadfase ):.
For more information goto our facebook page and like us. Blessings to all
Milwaukee Bucks doing a great job !! KEEP IT UP GUYS!!
Haha yeah it is, you the one twitching ya hips and ish
I usually have to figure things out on my own.
Great game by the Avs last night in NYC! Love that aggressive style of play but not sure the legs will hold up thru long NHL season.
Watching the #Pinterest feed. Copyright infringement seems to be a hot topic. Pinned Artwork & Photography etc- good promotion or theft?
Had a pretty damn good weekend with my friends not gonna lie #hyfr I might just throw down on the boat again next Saturday night
From teaching leadership to teaching communication Toastmasters is many things to many people. What is Toastmasters to you?
the A game is all I have
just chillin' boss. Haven't really been on the ps3 at all. Looking forward to getting that fire back when M13 is out :)
It's not the employer who pays the wages. Employers only handle the money. It's the customer who pays the wages. -Henry Ford
that sounds awesome. I thought it was gonna be something like working in Shaws (those people look so miserable lol)
May 4th Travis Porter PERFORMING LIVE at FUR NIGHT CLUB Text TravisPorter to 74455 for FREE entry
I miss who you were before you turned into the biggest bitch on earth.
Like blockbuster movies, our shows will now be referred to as "Live Music Events." Even if they're the live music equivalent of "Ishtar."
Ah... but do you know the city? (I didn't:)
I disagree. There is a blending of UF & PNR -UFR. It's not UF.
Listening to the new Foster the People album and loving it. Check out "Helena Beat."
we! thanks for the rail...feels good...
Deception is not only a state of mind but a way of life.
I really wanna win this contest! I have 72 followers! :)
#SOPA is the perfect example of why we need money out of politics. It benefits nobody but giant, rich, scared dongs.
Lunch time kitchen open patio ready music checklist done we are ready to rock it day 2 summerfest. Loving the action in the 3rd ward awesome
no problem & thank you also!
I responded.... LOL
Jordan with a gift tech for Grizzlies who are just sucking right now....
Thread jacking for a min: I am grateful for TriCare after what I have seen others go through.
My friends & I have been debating that since we saw them... I wanna say yes...
AHH!! Only another month.. Crap!! It's been gorgeous here lately, until the past few days.
China in 3 days!!!!! What phrases will I need to know there?
When you hold people to a higher standard than they hold themselves you will always be disappointed by their behavior.
Will tune in! We teach professional development classes for artists. I'll suggest this as a resource, too :)
you be sayin all homo
Harpoon is here brewing a Harpoon IPA clone! Stop in and enjoy Harpoon drafts and Harpoon give-a-ways!
Love is ... Sharing your pad see-ew with your toddler <3 ... even if he eats most of it.
This day sucks! I have detention today. ):
checking out the Multnomah County LIbrary feed
dang i feel bad yup had to send him home hes a raider fan too lol i love it hes going home to put on a bronco shirt he better if he wants $
Yeah, my dad actually said that too! Thanks.
www.flipcups.com - -look out for our new home page and new products coming shortley
Aw enjoying the weekend!
:) honored - but I'm pretty sure I still haven't grown up yet myself
HAHAHAHAHAHA. Of course.
My family's ok. Yay!
Holla at me scribble we wAna film U for a reality show in the life of scribble
John Errigo's adaptive model for Emotional Intelligence. My new book "Level Up! Lead with Emotional Intelligence out on 12/8/11
My sister's way of getting me to cook for her: "Go make your own grilled cheese." "But YOU make the BEST!" "Oh alright."
might he be tweeterlisticly inclined as well? Or does he leave that to you? :-)
Hey When can I find Cherry Coke without the cherry flavor?
Everyone loves a good half day of work!
good article. interesting and enlightening perspective.
you're beautiful girl they r cheap flusies don't they them get to you I'm there with u in spirit :)
Yes, it opens next week, but I'm about to try PABU Izakaya w/ my beloved work folks at a private tasting. Pics to come...
Virtual Classrooms - New Future
We're sponsoring #SHBP this Saturday in Palo Alto! Come by and say howdy!
I hate it.
I contemplate walking on my hands every day
This is why she's one of my best friends. RT : I'm going to paint my nails while you're driving today.
dylan you're my everything.
X games:)
Upset Central today! I love
Thanks so much!
I'm back on mah sixtysixsix shit. Flowing like the blood out the competition's slit wrist.
Tattoo number 10! Saturday in
im sitting in this lovely establishment and my taste buds are partying in my mouth
Damn I'm hungry son .-.
Great practice w ,& I counted no less than 100 buds on our climbing roses,& posting a new song to tonight.
So sorry i missed your Birthday,it looked like it was a lot of fun. Happy Belated Birthday Sophia. I hope you fun with mum&dad
i did it
morning beautiful ^_^
BRoys a beast! RT Bulls dream (sources say)&Heatsnightmares for Chi 2 get BrandonRoy after Blazers cut him w/amnesty clause.
I'm sorry but who do you play for?!
First walkthrough of the new house complete... and our sink's disposal unit must've had copper in it because it was stolen.
which barber?
We are honored to be invited to today in ATL and are excited to lend our contributions for small biz.
In Walla Walla! Ready to start a day of wine tasting in the most gorgeous place ever!!!
i wish Justin notice me somedayy ! but i keep smiling
Haha good times
go Bucks......darn
Okay. Victory! Impulse #nook purchased! Thanks to , , and for your help!
hi Nick. I know u won't c this, but I want 2 say that u inspired me so much, and I will love u no matter what :)
Unfortunately, I've only listened to one song by them, but I really liked it when I heard it.
MKZ offers SYNC, Next-Generation Voice-Activated Navigation, keyless entry and EasyFuel capless fuel filler
Awww, I didn't know she had cancer. Great Singer. RIP Donna Summer
yo!yo!! Why in the word will you get a twitter acct but not FB acct??!?
gene wilder will always be one of my all-time faves.
SAG just hosted a class with Talent Agents Gar Lester and Ross Grossman and the amazing Manager Amanda Hendon. Their advice was brilliant.
That makes the #Tulsa show the day before. Although he'd probly be too tired after a late night of Manilow.
Out of the many voices you hear during a day, pursue hearing more of His voice in your daily life.
Public rental bikes in Minneapolis, on the walk to
what drawing? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
lakers don't need cp. just as competent pg dominate
Try him!
Does instant gratification have negative impact on Gen Y?
Tell me why I said this at least 20 times today lol
Over-the-top fabulous show in Portland - passionate & spontaneous - felt like I was 18 again. Thank you.
Music is in the doing of life, paraphrased from John Cage. We are all artists and curators of the music experience.
losing my voice :(
#thingsblackgirlsdo Say Gurllllll let me tell you!
is there a way to automatically jump to the most recent tweets versus starting with the oldest first?
was that you I accidentally found on pinterest? LoL.
Recovery planning after Katrina saw lots of citizen engagement but their wishes didn't translate to implementation -Laska
Holla if u want to party
im gud at the crib bored
I love shooting in film, especially when I have access to a darkroom :)
If headshots don't get you auditions (or agents), you need to change them.
If Obama had eaten HIS dog it would be one thing. Romney put HIS dog on the roof of the family car.
especially on a team that plays NO defense to start with!
I'm watching Tucker and Dale Verus Evil. Feel similarly.
Unknown.. hopefully we will find out Nov. 1
ehhhhh maybe :P
On my way! To my dental appoiment going to be in pain all day so don't call only text ok my friends
is my 1500th follower! Thank you Renee! Please give her a follow and welcome her to your Twitterverse! Thank you!
Je'ron Primus made eight of nine free throws and finished with 15 points
All set and ready to have fun.
yea I did chump. B-more looks good n classes start july 11.....if u redi, ill do it......let's go
Both Crews get to stay. wtf
Wow I'm actually shocked about Poe. I trust RAC though. Just... Wow.
Who do we live for, if it is not to make life less difficult for each other?~George Eliot
Wish me luck I'm going to take this hell test /:
me too. I always wanted to be miss scarlet
It's boring here but okay lol...i hope my dad gives me some money for the mall...
May your love soar on the wings of a dove in flight.
so I'm trying to send you a message and I can't because you're not following me. Cool story bro, real nice.
Didn't know there was life this early. Wow, i really hate the morning.
Thanks to , and for tweeting from today
Organizing my font index so it's useful is probably.. something I need to do this summer.
Today was awesome! YAHSpeak performed at Speaker Oliver's 2012 Shirley Chisholm Awards and our tribute touched the hearts & souls.
I hate going thru the drive thru and they try to give me my change, drink, and food all at once.
When I get back from NYC I am buying a bike, damnit!
RT : Parent Challenge: Ask your kids "What does love mean?" Film their answer, send 2 .
did they also write "claim from aggreg8r"?
you're a better tweeter than I am
If at first you dont succeed, look in the trash for the instructions.
Any chance will make front page of the kcstar???
yup that is her! Pretty good for a young girl in Iran.
Thank you #keywest for a great show at the Gardens Hotel today! Full moon on the island...
“: #DONE, #NP Summertime-DJ Jazzy Jeff & the Fresh Prince” lol I can't wait to finish my last exam later bruh
the couple sitting next to me seeing the hunger games...it was as if katniss and peeta themselves were sitting there.
How is the recovery going? The Broncos are all over the news with the Orton/Tebow drama. Any inside info?
Fuck the beer batter. Give me a beer.
HEY! is right!! HOW LONG UNTIL gets on instagram?!???
Things change i get that, feelings change i know that, but when you change i hate that
See RENT at NewRep in Watertown. Nick Sulfaro shines as Angel, but blue hairs might swallow teeth when he bares all in the death scene.
you got it and you love it (~);}
Grower Tip: Make sure your room is light tight. Any light seepage can cause plants to be hermaphrodites.
Cutting up some old, unwanted books for a project. I've made sure this is okay but it still feels so NAUGHTY!
When Romney gets passionate and urgent, he sounds whiny. Bad programming? Or is he actually human and not a #RomBot?
I will watch for it.
It takes 42 muscles to frown but only 14 to raise your middle finger
Thank you!
Hope all is well down in ATL! RT : Check out the documentary about ICS Support the film and ICS!
Listening to All Time Low while studying for finals... Having my own mini-concert since I can't see them play tomorrow.
me too! Wanna come help me on August 14th! :)...I just emailed you by the way.
Watching rock an acoustic show with Mr. Brad on guitar! Then we're heading to watch the !
See u tonight! Thanks for being kind everytime ;)
Sadly. I enjoy the creativity and energy of many, yet I'm still caught short when folks I follow suddenly tweet hate.
lol! I don't think you guys could handle me a again! lmao!!
2 more days...n my life is completely changed
ok. That would be good. Just curious if I needed to eat.
let me get ahold of the USBG and find out!
Missing Galvão Bueno. soccer broadcasters sucks.
Check out the Diana Falzone Room with special guest James Corbett - Learn all the summer beauty trends!!!
Nor is a spilt check it in the top 1000 reasons I would act as such.
What time were you guys thinking for Winesday?
I love that tip! When we took three days last year to S. Antonio we had an amazing time. Definitely great advice!
“: NO!! They mine and “ save them for me and allo! i need one too””
All stephanie likes to do is ruin peoples lives. Something else too, but I don't wanna get in trouble again.
is in the boogie down bronx at Mommas Hip hop Kitchen almost showtime!
Working on it. :D RT : want to make a better world ~ be a better person
Boarding flight to Ft Lauderdale. As I packed my Hoodie, I couldn't help but wonder what the life/poker EV of a new wardrobe is
Miss you, baby! Raha and say hi!!!
Forest in snow "is the still ectasy of nature...every spray...spire of reed, every intricacy of twig, is clad with radiance" William Sharp
happy mothers day <U+E056>
Good choice! Man, I hope your talents stay with the Los Angeles Clippers !
wow, do you have a copy of the full episode? we should clearly request SNL provide one so there is a copy in his papers
thanks, we're working on getting her some better press though. Any ideas?
Now heading back to honor our mothers and motherhood in our families. Celebrate the mothers in the village, they love&nurture our being!
You were so inspiring today! Thanks for all the laughs! Can't wait to work with you someday soon! :) :)
SUN, Y U NO MAKE ME TAN?!
I had the strangest/weirdest/creepiest dream last night... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
Haha! That's quite the lofty goal. Are you into Emotobooks?
Oh I wanna dance with somebody!
The Warriors are headed to State! Warren HS students will be dismissed at noon Friday to attend 3:30 pm basketball game in Austin.
sounds kinky
Speed cameras get speeding tickets sent out to you in my area #DMV but no points on these tickets. I've paid way too much though.
When the mornin' gather the rainbow, yeah, yeah Want you to know, I'm a rainbow too now
because every girl needs one...
Helmet steals third base first, then hair and last Jamie Weeks!
lol sounds like something funny just happen maybe not
Chilling with Wesley and Brandon, watching the longest yard.
ours was all muffed up, internet went out and had to skype a coaching session at the bookstore! With the coffee machine noise!
Attention must be paid!
aw:) No wonder we get along lol
Lol... The awkward moment when you pull your blankets up and punch yourself in the face.
let me know were to pick you up at? Cause i don't see them slowing down any time soon
Been there done that!! <3 it!!
Last day (hopefully) of shooting "Mason Darby." :-)
I'm here without yu Baby
haha did you get a lot of "it's a terrible idea"
Lewis black for president #commonsense>political b.s.
baby there you are!
A vagina is a mans natural home
Congrats on your nominations!
Hope my mom let's Alex and me leave school and go to her house after. :)
about to take the nursing school entrance exam. it's scary, I think there might be a swimsuit competition involved.
We are now on Twitter! Thank you to our first follower
Dancing with the starts... not that good of a show. I need a new one to watch. Any suggestions?
has a sweet new menu. Good work !
Friends with benefits has to be the funniest movie ever <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
I really want to win tonight....
Never thought I'd use #UnfrozenCavemanLawyer as a hashtag, but hey. A first for everything!
almost there see you soon...
I LOVE walking at night!
that means a lot of ketchup for your household come harvestin' season.
Great effort from great motives is the best definition of a happy life. -William Ellery Channing
I just finished a 4.00 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
Ha... I'm in the mkt so let me know how you like it. Been looking at the One X, which I think might have up to 7 ringtones.
Why bother with EXPENSIVE telemarketing equipment when you can just use our software and a USB headset? WWW.MAGNALOGIX.COM 866-466-6611
dog how is this dude lebron an mvp tho lol he is not clutch missin those free.throws
Last topic didn't go well, so new food intermission topic....Boo Berry or Count Chocula?
i have created a strong buzz ...mtmore210toneyocity
Is this the result of showrooming? Can retailers like #BestBuy capitalize on in-store smartphone use and prevent future store closings...
lmao i do that too. I get all excited for drakes part and then after it i'm like ...meh
Eta Lambda Alphas WIN!
Don't even care if you still subscribe, I'm gonna talk so much shit about you.
glad you liked it! short, snappy, and relevant read, i thought.
hope you're having fun opening #fotofest we're at #sxsw w/ hanging out at Houston Invasion!
often think of your sweatpants :: bloody Mary analogy.
I miss you too friend! What are your summer plans!?
My 2 favorite teams in baseball, the #Cubs and whoever is playing the
27 Years ago 2day I married my high school sweetheart. Been 2gether 30 years total. Thanks 4 puttin up with my crap Hun!
zimmerman has been charged & is in custody..... murder in the 2nd degree... i feel it should be capitol murder he premeditated that shit
Hm.. decisions, decisions. Cinco de Mayo and Kentucky Derby this wkend - what's your preference ... Mint Julep or Margarita?
In MN with and ! So excited to meet the kids I've been skyping about When Life Gives You OJ with!...
so pretty!
WOOSH! The Polish kicks some serious butt on the first sausage race of the season. Wasn't even close.
didn't we talk? Sorry very :-(
So, all the standard Super Bowl ad money has moved online, is that what we're seeing tonight?
you had no idea? um, you replied to a tweet where i said "goodbye" and linked to my dead friend's suicide post.
I tried something new once that was definitely a mistake: a pork cookie in #Chicago's Chinatown
- A "kate moss" version after has starved and not eaten for a couple months.
#Shoutout: Thanks for supporting by following!
I wanna go to the zoo!
I'm getn $, no illuminati My pain never went in vain, it's all over my body...RO$$
I really want to see Burlesque! Love, love, love Christina Aguilera!
RT : "Marriage is a relationship btwn 1 man & 1 woman” #Romney doubles down on anti-gay marriage in Liberty Uni speech.
Skin intercepting the raindrops bringing joy to my core
Can u buy me veggie chips &meet me in the girls bathroom on the 2nd floor The bathroom by ms Schultz Ashley's not answering
Awww my nephew is ADORABLE! <3
good morning Thomas<3(: Happy #TMoneyTuesday !
Time to Network at the Night Scene... Tune in For Future Collabos...
. says that users, whether crowd or experts, can help libraries preserve/provide access to their material
beautiful! .... and I thought I was the only one up at 3am food makin' ;)
Eat w. your non-dominant hand and you'll eat less? Hmm..sounds dangerous but perhaps worth a try!
someone play this man
These #knicks better show up to WIN tonight! We need every victory before saturday
Have a favorite #TIBessay? RT : #Namaste... anyone ever read "This I Believe....." series? Some interesting stories.
"Hi, could someone come read on Literacy Night at our daycare & can we borry the popcorn machine [cart]?" Maybe & What,areyoukidding?
Prayer's go up, Blessings come down
would love it to be mine lol
pB Chocolate whoopie pie?!?!?! I can't believe I'm missing it. Maybe the truck swings by my place next? ;D
A nice slow morning of coffee and working on a little #processing collaboration before heading to #FITCTO proper. Calm before the storm :)
I missed the opossum - man we hunt everything in this state
yes sir but of course. Will post on Saturday. What would make your top 10?
of course i remember!
Q2 via <U+200E> Which country still has the most undiscovered places?
. RT Sarah Palin thinks that the Electoral College is a school for the people who wired up the lights in her house.
"F.I.N.A.L.S. aka Fuck I Need Alcohol Later"
Thank you
The next stop on our tour is the Ohio Coaches Clinic in Columbus, OH. Please stop by booth #25 and we'll give you a free demo of the site!
Lady doin my teeth got a fat booty tryna not get a stiffy sitting in this chair
thanks for the tip!
From Denver Police Distrtict 5: Over the past week several vehicles that were parked in the street or a driveway have been broken into...
read it and just replied. Dang girl you've had tons going on. Sorry I haven't been around to hear about it :(
Warm sunshine and a good cup of coffee..... two great ways to start a new day
MessageGrader.com - analyze your email content...
that made me laugh
I'm hoping Herman Cain endorses himself, then tears off his button-up to expose a 9-9-9 tshirt underneath, WWE style.
TRAFFIC: Crash with injuries- Hwy 12/18 in Cambridge. Emergency crews on the scene
Already miss as closer
you really have a VHS player? I am so in, but can't until next week
follow back?
Tonight may call for some old TV episodes of The Hulk
We're at this weekend! Visit us at booth 889 in the AG building & you'll be entered to win a $250 gift card!
thanks for the kind words Katie, and we're excited to tell you more about it! :)
btw you were awesome as well!!!
Mail.app is still my primary mail app but I use a lot of Gmail features to manage and the Gmail app just doesn't cut it.
Loving you isn't the right thing to do How can I ever change things that I feel?....//i should know this
It should be TRIVIA TIME huh? What you think?
So....if I don't hardly talk on the phone....why the hell do I pay for the unlimited minuted plan??
I'm a Brady fan but Montana was my hero (just like Brady's) so hoping he doesn't exceed him.
can't sleep and feel like writing overdue thank you notes too? Happens to me all the time!
Saw Deniro's Frankenstein pinball machine today at the Harry Ransom Center
Rule #1, I am always right. Rule 2, if you think I am wrong, read rule
there's no time in Waikiki
2 more cousins done with college (& off to grad school), 2 more to go. I feel incredibly old, and incredibly proud. Congrats !
just trying to believe is was WOTV and they will call back. Doubt I'll sleep much tonight.
AYYEE! RT : roadtrip to 's for his grad. party in june ? YOU KNOW WE THERE !
Looking forward to seeing how #AngelPunk and Mara's scooter evolves in future issues.
hahha yes. Ok, I don't actually hate anyone. I just don't want to date most men I meet.
The new cd is like sex! Playing it all day, all night, all week, all year, and for the rest of my
Mom don't even wanna spend time with me tomorrow. Alright it's cool...feelin unloved.
True colors r shining through....smh...sum ppl
Those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind:) -words of my day haha
I have a song called See You Through :)
We dont need no clothes for this.
2 weeks in a row with great sales at Water St. Keep it comin' Milwaukee, we appreciate your business
thanks For your patronage. Go Red Bulls!!!
Day 1 is a wrap! Time to use those drink tickets...
KarenWalker: Good Lord. I can't believe I'm at a public pool. Why doesn't somebody just pee directly on me? this is all you
I want to open a new and used, independent bookstore. Too bad I don't have the money to start one.
RT : How often in Amer theater does a playwright respond directly to another's work in play form? Exciting!
let the stress kick in
Seriously...with community members, faculty, students, "experts". Focused on Englewood & solving problems w/ resources available.
Good luck to all the runners in the today !
Fill in the blank: I love Fridays like a _____ loves _____.
The First oil well ever discovered was in Asia in 1848 by Russian Engineer F. M. Semyenov.
Listenin to Big Boy in the Morning and this nigga Phone Tapped askin can he go to prom with his male cuzzn JACKIE !!!! Hahahah
Be truly glad. There is wonderful joy ahead!"- I Peter 1:6
Please Touch Museum? I have a 4 yr old nephew that loves it
Thank you! Are they located in Baltimore?
The only place success comes before work is in the dictionary. - Vince Lombardi
This one step - choosing a goal and sticking to it - changes everything.
Congrats! Couldn't figure out how to train mine RT : My chinchilla is litter trained. This brings me no small amount of joy.
Really wana lay here.....but i know something will not permit that.give me 10.
Finished _The Unidentified_ last night. Plot-wise, wasn't in love with the pacing, but the conceit of The Game = great.
Hope y'all went and bought ur quick picks for tonights 363 mill!!!
I am hoping I will use a fair amount for both, maybe worth the 100 $ difference thanks
Some girls need to eat make-up so they can be pretty on the inside.
Shakira, Pitbull among social media’s favorite Latino musicians, finds study
Are you the sweetest person that exists? Thanks for the nice tweet...you made my week!
Let it go! RT
we are gonna put our stuff on iTunes very soon
I can't wait to get out of this shitty place.. i'm like seriously counting down the days.. 2 more years! -_- please hurry up! #fuuuuck!
It's up to yhu to choose them wisely
Met a 2yr K6 teacher yest, interviewing. Told Asst Sup abt PBL, differentiated learning, etc., she said he looked at her cross-eyed
RT : Today in Jewish History (1963) #Aruba opens its first synagogue, for the island's 35 Jewish families.
I hit the first two legs in a Pick 3 at #HollywoodPark. Looking for a good sweat in the third race.
you guys wanna do lunch soon?
. Not surprised the Switch Hitters thing has been tried before for bi jocks. :-)
Rhianna is getting better and better!
And OKC is trying to follow the footsteps like #San Antonio. Hopefully to add those rings in the future.
These past 2 years have been rough.
both of y'all graduated from BG and then got married
I never imagined myself as just an ordinary player
Colvin catch inside the 15 of O
#ThatAwkwardMoment when the #Bucks win but are eliminated from the playoffs.
I'm always happy to help!
"breakfastclubam: If you make more money than your friends should you have to pay " hell no...unless pictures of the ipad 2
still not recovering too well. the doc is conderned and has moved my post op apt from Fri 26th to Tues 23rd.
4 more days
Thanks for listening! Glad ya like it, Gloria :)
We use the ruler n ah scale like the free masons
I'm still sore from mine yesterday! Gotta love a good workout :)
up to u
Pittsburgh Seltzer Works is Here!
Learned something new today: The first publication of Hamlet (1603) had it: "To be, or not to be, ay there's the point."
Golden Girls was another good theme song. Sad the guy who wrote it passed this week. I think this calls for a remix.
Writing my first song in a while. Life, and love can be very inspiring.
wtf lol is that a real page
I get way too pumped for the last shower of the day. I earn them all though.
So true!! You just have to be open and ready to the possibilities the universe presents you with. :)
Sometimes its my life I can't taste, sumtimes I can not feel my face..
in 3 hours and 30 minutes i will die of dissapointment
“: and thank you so much for today. I love my hair! Xo” of course! So good to see you :)
Fun hanging out briefly with the Bar Campers. Thought-provoking convos with and
#ramona farts are the absolute worst.
There are 3 types of artists I work with=Those that make things happen, Those that watch things happen, and those that wonder what happend!
I have got this energy, its so powerful!!!
Have you bought anyone music lately?
Hey it's Heading out to the Verizon store after I get off air. If you drop your phone alot, the Droid Rzar is awesome!
Someone please tell me why my badass son just ran upstairs for no reason&then stared at me like 'whatcha gunna do mom?' Like what? <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2>
": lol i love the way u think" u make it E Z :)
Cool, I remember all the players from over the years... But don't have any idea who is still around Omaha and who has moved on!
Working at the Society, and looking for work too! Nice gym workout this morning, should be a day for walking too!
Del Esparza: thanks his mom who is in audience! "we have a vibrant & incredible creative community in #ABQ"
love you to dude
Decisions, Decisions ! Fuck!
A cop texting and driving.... Well thats a new one.
I would love to have the link! Thanks so much!
:o maybe Idk I'm pretty sure I would suck at rp though D:
Is it wrong not to date someone because they work at Taco Bell? Lol
I had to deal with allot these past to weeks
Whether you know it or not, your an asshole.
maybe a stair master instead? :-)
I just finished a 1.00 mi run with a time of 10:15 with Nike+ GPS.
lol i fixed it once i realized it was posting everything i tweeted even if i unchecked the boxes. potential crisis averted!
Tea makes me happy. <U+263A>
Thanks for having me. Next time I can stay longer if you guys would like.
we shall decide the date tomorrow!
You're hilarious!
no i wont nobody likes me at school and in my socal life :[
Busy night. One man dead after fire in St. Paul. In a separate incident, a man died after a police chase that ended on hwy 52 bridge.
#abronxtail is on... Great way to end a relaxing night
Headed to Diversity & Outreach Fair at 3pm (exhibits hall aisle 3800)
: Just downloaded your album, thanks to radio #KUT for playing it. Good stuff!
“: Dressing up as a polar bear and taking a picture of myself on a desert...#YOLO” have you done this ??
HA HA HA
I'm doing awesome! Chillin on the couch haha what's up
Tomorrow is #FF. Everyone should follow !!!
/ I love the #DosEquis guy and all, but after seeing #RG3 on #Leno, he just might take the old guys job!
Quality ingredients always makes quality food offers Great Food & Great Music! check out up coming events !!
The pressing question in my mind is, will the brunch remain? It's one of the best around, IMHO.
Remember, today is the last day to vote early in the 2010 primary run-off. You can find a list of voting locations at www.DalCoElections.org
happy hannukah officially
agreed, especially if they are talking extra loudly and purposefully trying to distract others from getting their workout on!
I think that VA Tech would work. Open up a new market for the SEC.
How can you live with yourself knowing your mother and baby sister are homeless and you have two empty bedrooms, and you dont offer them...?
i knew she was an awesome friend but only made it more clear when she made a 'package' comparison to David Bowie in 'Labyrinth'.
I'm curious about the sport of dressage; I'd like to know how many horses Mrs. Romney owns.
my spanish teacher obviously doesn't know me well if she thinks im actually going to write 50 sentences for her
wats up gurl?!?!!! When we gonna hang?!
I just can't win today.
Stay open eyes!
ok...now I get it. I must post something in order to be found...duh
Jus finished intro beat for the Arrival!!!
Tickets for on October 15, 2010 during Brick City Homecoming will be available online by the end of this month! Stay tuned!
Ooh I want to know more about this!
Link WIth the homey
how's the classiest man alive doing on this beautiful day?
I do know!! No hater this way EVERYBODY knows this is a Scorpio's world!!!
Be sure you get your copy of "Heaven" today on Itunes or CD Baby!
"Patrick Moran, Maryland director of the AFSCME dismissed the likelihood of retraining and said electronic tolling would hurt toll takers."
they say "Long days, but short years" re raising kids, really should be long days *and nights*
Yep, I have it for my guinea pigs. Their vet expenses can get expensive, fast.
Wonder how its going to unfold once I see you again
Take a drank BITCH!!! Trey Songz voice
Great #weapons training this morning.
Cam erlim is it? No its cam rellim. ;)
El Paso is waiting... RT Thank you Austin! Back soon for a full episode of
I'm an opportunist.
Great opportunities are always around you ask GOD to clear your vision that you may see what HE has set up just for you today!
on my desk:an empty Early Times bottle that held the last of last fall's apple juice, an open dictionary, jack kerouac cds, & a pink pony?!?
then they cry bout all the haters they have and wonder why they got so many!
"End of the Prelude" "Intermission" <-these title cards do not belong back-to-back.
hell u aint got no choice lol
These Doritos Locos tacos are brightening my life.
So when u see me and I'm crying ... Know that its your fault
PEOPLE FUCKIN THE WORLD UP
why on earth did i get an email about asain singles...
#nf she BAD too!
Hopefully we won't all contract typhoid over lunch RT : Pretty much had to ford a river to get to my train this morning.
What the crap?! I got my junk in the trunk ep in the mail today and when i uploaded it theres all these strange names XD
Need ideas for employee development OUTSIDE the classroom? Come to my 4pm session (TU320) rm 501 to learn + share!
I believe it's next week. Not sure yet tho
Tomorrow. Supermoon. Be careful out there.
I Ain't A Dumny Lol You The Dummy That Can't Spell Lol Jp
Faculty don't always have the ability or willingness to make blended learning happen.
For us the weekend begins today! Thursday'sHappyHour 4pm-7pm Gypsy performances <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B8>& 10% follow us deals! Stop by for Lunch 11:30-4pm<f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B4><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B8><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BB>
Unfortunately not this year but I've attended in the past. Definitely one of the most valuable sportsbiz events I've seen.
hi victoria tomorrows my brothers birthday im not gonna be with him and i was wondering if you could b-day shout out him
wow it must be good!
Even when the sun isn't shining, God can shine from inside of you to warm and light the world.
I still think allison is alive
typing on word; started without WiFi, just copy and paste when I'm done.
Falling down is a part of life; getting back up is living
How can Tebows season qbr fall from 36 to 33 when he had a 55 for ne game?
“: GO FOLLOW ----> for the realest tweets I've seen....” U ain't ever lied that nigga is CLASSIC
What to do about another mom in the waiting area of gymnastics who is doused in fragrance? Offensively so?
I hate rules.
Always. I like that you included the underscore haha.
Admit it, if you told the truth about everything. No one would like you.
Listening to #HaterWednesday on
you teach or practice? RT : ok yoga is cancelled :-(
I love Ben Wright!!
keep up the great work!
Las cruces bound
<U+2665> "M" <U+2665> RE-CONSTRUCTING MY WHOLE FB <U+2665> after FB totally F**ked Up My CONVERSION :( <U+2665> PLEASE BEAR W/ ME <U+2665> "LL&P" <U+2665> "M" <U+2665>
CAN NOT SLEEP GRRRRRRRRRRRR
yes, so sorry! it's been crazy. will send info now!
Half a bagel w/almond butter & a banana consumed & some coffee. Waiting for our ride down to
i need something to do tonight.
going to do more of that this year too
I'm a Chicago artist! A lifelong photographer to be specific.... great tweets!
Bow-ties are classy.
denver broncos
Fuck you doing I need diddy %
Omg jewel osco has banana pudding. Fml.
Tuna for dinner... #yum!
George Smith Patton Jr.~ Watch what people are cynical about and one can often discover what they lack.
Hi Sherry, not sure if someone alerted you but your acct has been hacked; we'e been getting msgs.
you know they were delish...
Great product. Tons of people messaged me and thanked me for sharing it on FB. What's your email? Our VC's pinged me on it too!
“: #Aquarians are the best at giving advice to others, but they can never seem to take it themselves” Omg! All the time... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Wait - did the kick-off already happen?
uurrgghh!boring week
you can't win em all
Agreed! ": Come back soon! "
"If you go home with somebody, and they don't have books, don't fuck them." ~John Waters
Thanks for the #ff!
Remember when Obama repeated over and over again "Pass this jobs bill..." and republicans woke up the next day to block it.
That's the most convenient. Call me later this morning, I'd love to hear your plans.
Let's go West!
Something is happening in said Matrix.
Jay Leno said there's a new study that shows 80 year old women have more satisfying orgasms. Now we know why they put plastic on the chairs.
You may want to check w/your physician or call member services. Good luck!
Can't stop playing Gears
ouch.... hopefully May of 2012 will be brighter? :-)
You know it is going to be a weird morning when you wake up with Bela Lugosi's Dead running through your head.
Justin Bieber's perfume= Someday. Selena's perfume= One Day. Cody Simpson perfume= Everyday. WTF's next!? Rebecca Black with Friday?
You're welcome!
#PUNKD was awesome. Did u see it?
Seems a little entitled on a free service.
Destiny. His popularity and skill would fit with EG.
I'm a Lil slow sometimes lolol
RT : Do you ever have a day when you think, damn, my city is amazing? I had that day today. The latest of very many.
yea baby
Bright Side: Vice President Joe Biden was offered a job as an air traffic conroller. He'll be right at home sleeping on the job...
Images of America - Fort Myer made its debut at the Pentagon Library on 10 AUG 2011
yeah bc you got so chunky
"My dick can't breathe...now she gonna give me CPR"
Last Minute Special!!! The first person to schedule with us for 9am Thursday gets free x-rays! A $60 value, no insurance. 757-486-4880!
That's gone
But some nice guys do have good things happen. Look at how Mr. Court treats Lloyd, that's very real.
Watching Butch Vig jam on these epic songs is mindblowing.
Awesome #fireworks display from #FestaItaliana last night. Should have seen them from patios...breathtaking!
The Hunger Games Book 2: Girl on Fire
where the horns at ?
#il2011 interested in a scuba dive refdesk for #il2012? Find & I outside after the keynote.
Excited about nuptials in #Seattle on Saturday on #LakeUnion! #yayforweddings!
Okay everyone challenge of the day!!!!! 750 followers by midnight!! #ChicagoSkylineBand Come on guys!!! RT this!!
i might end up cussing everyone on twitter out....like damn lol
Lmao that's too dam lazy
What is your resolution for tomorrow?
uh, idk! I know a few ppl lol
Setting up the BIG SHOW in Chicago love ...
Want some company.... I hate bein alone for too long smh
Everyone has six people they know named Juan Gonzales.
my bed is just making so much sense right now...
Thanks! It's a mash up actually. Tree is a stock vector. I added the UMC cross and flame and text.
Id dont ever get good morning mentions
Aoki is in the house only let the party begin! and Steve Angelo so u better get ready cuz it's going to be classic!
Clay is on the bar tonight and he is lookin sharp in his purple shirt and tight pants Free App for each trivia team tonight Fun starts at 8
Delia has been accepted into the Albuquerque Film Festival. This is just 1 of 3 productions I act in that are playing this year at AFF! Yay!
The Great Paranoid...Available November 12
I feel unstoppable when I wear SNOCLOTHING haha. www.SNOCLOTHING.com
Yoga tought me not to compete with anyone but myself, made me realize I am stronger than I think &allowed me to see who I am.
When is your next race bro? After seeing do his thing this weekend I'm anxious to see you tear it up! #arcadia 3200?
I may have posted on Sarah Jessica Parker once or twice as well, and there's always the team membership aspect. LOL
not yet. The rodeo is feb 28-mar 18 fyi
I just got off the bus, and now I'm home...yeeeeaaaahhhh
A wise man will make more opportunities than he finds. - Francis Bacon
Great time at Copper Top last night!! Can't wait to come back!
Back in Madison. Thanks for a great weekend ! Congrats again and have fun in Greece.
Just cancelled Netflix on the eve of rate hike. Rate hike simply forced the evaluation that led to pulling the plug.
We all try - the girls try - the boys try - women try - men try - you and I try - we all try.
After enlightenment, the laundry. -Zen Proverb
Nope, stay local. This is CLEVELAND's premier food & wine charitable event, after all!
RT : Need to own mobile app strategy in-house - tactical, one-off solutions won't work
Welp, I know what I'm doing on June 14 at 7 pm. See you there?
Nope, I've been here, just haven't chatted.
"Haters Be My Motivators!!"
~Movie night date with my boo boo ! #ParanormalActivity3 yes!
but you shouldn't have a menu in the first place! Hahahah jk! Can I borrow the menu?
I just cant sleep. I have a bad gut feeling ever since i saw that. Sad part is u dont even care.
Thank you for being there during last night's e-panic moment! #London2012 (cc: )
DEVIL'S DUE: A cave rescue team fights to escape a collapsing abandoned mine stalked by inhuman ghouls who can mimic victims.
Belt swings right through ANOTHER fastball and SF is down to its final out, Joaquin Arias
KILL YOURSELF. Women don't go to Barbers!!!!!!!!
Maura Marx: key principle of DPLA is access should be free to user
Lol I'm not taking this eoc shit seriously
what about the reviews??
thanks dudes.
Maybee If I Were Prettier He Would Want Me As His Official Girlfriend.
16k Austin area households now make over $200k; double from 10yrs ago.
Free tune and $1.99 album on Google music. Go get it!
There is a man audibly spittin' "What's Beef?" on the Amtrak. I almost joined in.
Hi Chris, Brett said I should talk to you about filming. Are you free anytime before 2pm today?
Budweiser Events Center gettin rowdy! Pawnee girls win 1A state title over Norwood. Now let's get the boys going!
Always great to see #35 tobi mom. So strong and smilling again. R.I.p. tobi
how do I find out more information about freelance writing?
Mine's making me reexamine my life, btw john carter part2 is out - wrath of titans
oh, & check the vote for Obamacare. I believe that ratio was described from Obama earlier this year as a 'clear majority' in 2009.
I agree I think Rodman started that
#supermoonpocalypse There. I said it.
Headed 2 #woodtour tonight w/o tix lookin 4a miracle! Gonna b live tweeting the set if I get in, sorry #fb friends!!
RT : Happy Birthday to Cary Winscott. I miss you, buddy.
haha its all good
...See blogspot "Dad29" for expose on the hypocrisy of Warren Buffet. Some scrolling required.
You should pick me because I would give it to my parents so they can finally spend time together :| #Hollywood Xmasparade.
Solar energy does not produce harmful emissions and is delivered to your home by the sun!
I usually love Mike Birbiglia, but I really didn't get into this too much. ah well.
You belong with me.
Workin at Soul Asylum Studios!.. although its not work when your doin what you love!..
Everything is a blur
Foster The People. Helena Beat.
Early production meeting for #DifferentHats a new writing/directing project.
Good Morning #BullsFam! Game Freaking Day!
love my boo
I love you , all of the directioners do , you're beautiful ! <3
settle down there Randy.
are talking about the Celtics, ESPN Chicago, and Memphis at 6am, no clue how to focus on NYC
no tooth? Either too early or too late for SEC fan Halloween costume.
In Indiana
Excellent. We look forward to it. Likely it will be right here at our office, but we'll say for sure later this week.
YAY!!! No school today!!! I love the snow :) <U+E328>
This day.
no its not, I havent seen that ...
do you have video?
now she has her foot in my ribs
I can't breathe without you, but I have to <3
fighting words!
Hahahaha. Honestly you're beautiful no matter what. So stop being so modest. ;)
If you aren't watching turn on the UNLV game!! #NCAA. Big comeback!!!
“: Living in a house that was built in 1946 in this windstorm <” m fo real
Looks like the baby is going to wait until Easter to come make an appearance, can't come soon enought
i've my first meeting today at my now job, kinda nervous ;)
Hey! How are you?
Haha, Amy, I got one from the ATM and then a box of SIX from inside the store. Might have gone a little overboard, but hey... :)
High carbs are good for #athletes in training! In fact necessary to perform at your highest level.
Whew, just used a #foamroller for the first time. It was a little sexy!
Task of the Day: Photoshopping a stuffed bison in a Hawaiian shirt on to the Space Needle.
Respect me that's all I ask.
yoga this morning!
i think george michael lied about not dancing again
Spent 1.5 hrs coaxing semi-feral #cat back inside. Evil ho is now cuddled on mama's lap. The OTHER mama. I am the box-cleaner/food-fetcher.
i see that saying everywhere! And i have no idea what it means, can you please explain it
oh I definitely don't feel bad for you at ALL! I'm all trying to have pity but forget about it! I take it all Back!!!
Kudos to #RIT friends at for good citizenship in “adopting” a section of Westfall Road!
do what I do, eat some taco bell and then work out for two hours. That's what I'm about to do now.
Too bad all the prize winners at 's Tweetup weren't community members of Alaska Tweets.
GOOD LUCK
Time for an Irish breakfast :) m
are gettin fired up for DRINKO!
#iste11 ok where can I get this video
I liked the gym today...if you know what I mean <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Per , Butler target PF Luke Fischer '13 added an offer from Dayton this week.
Watching NASCAR in HD
Free potato chips at Fred Meyers today
Twitter ops iPhone thumbs
Settling in. At the bar getting dinner & a tasty drink.
- why are you in Denver?
Not only phone calls, I can schedule my month on a run, appointments, reminders, the whole 9. Thank you
Don't cry lots more chances to come. Smile and have a great weekend! Good luck Monday too
“: When I say "Thank You" the response isn't "Yep" or "No Problem"... #yajagoff ”
Rite On Do Dat!
Take ownership and responsibility for your actions...
can't believe you said you wanted to call in sick when it aired, nice job!
I'd kill for hot weather. Good thing I'm going home on Friday
jamming out with my buds
Being the Olympic logistics provider is a high risk/reward for them. Great opportunity if everything goes as planned!
Diazo Duplicating Film: low-cost alternative microfilm, has fallen into disuse because of its short shelf life, degrades with everyday light
RT : niggas that talk the most, know the least
helping #JETSNATION is what I do
Mom brought Baby Wallace home again.
Kanye could go a long way to making amends with and Nashvile by matching her donation tonight
Got to watch most of Mets game today but I'm gonna miss the Rangers game tonight. #galadinner #highschoolreunion Let's go #NYR!
#HIRING treasury analyst in
Two objectives on "yesterday was St. Patrick's day": Drink and meet Mary. No fights.
.. Another would just say " WAR". He has. He's a lawyer. He brought a shiny young man slave to hold his miniature soda bottle.
Follow me!(:
yard sales are great for finding workout equipment, that and second hand sporting good stores, often find unused stuff.
Just found out that the solution gives for searching for date ranges is "muck around with query parameters in the URL".
Why am I up so early? I just want to sleep!<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
I want to go ice blocking.
It's very frustrating that no one can figure out what the hell is wrong with my neck.
lol yeah they did. I think he was being sincere in his choice though...still won't get my vote lol! No way, no how!
Rain in DC since March 1 now almost 60% below average Moderate drought conditions increasing in area
While the collective noun for a bunch of cubs is called a "litter", a group of crows is called a "murder of crows".
I'm watching new years eve too. I love SATC! I cry during the show and movies.
Join us and Parenting Editor of for Tweetchat tom. at 7PM ET on Parenting in the digital age.
Anyone else having problems changing their dp.. Or is it just me?
are you alive?
Just watched Tucker & Dale vs. Evil. I hope next time I'm mistaken for a killer in the woods will be there to help.
are u serious the most followers i got in a shoutout was like 4
follow back? :)
There's 2 hours till prom and no ones asked me yet.. well this is awkward
Dont worry I will !!
K Kyle French drilled a 52 yarder, but his 57-yd attempt was just short.
Today Green or Red Chile cheese dog fries and a drink for only 7.00
Back in the cities :)
Be safe, save the actual crawling for end-of-night ...
Does cinco de mayo always fall on May 5th?
Hm... thats a good question... thinking MC for Master Carnie or something... I will have to get official word :)
Want to practice your interview skills? Come to our mock interview workshop March 15! Contact us for info.
He's so sexy and the way that he was into the music last night. I almost died.
How u figure?
I'm glad we got this figured out so quickly
Once you have a little taste you'll want more.
I love feeling accomplished for the day
I hate huffpo headlines for iPad. Like I just saw "My". Tell me what the article is about, morons. Didn't anybody there finish J-school?
When is the draft?
So sick of Ben Zobrist!
I agree. He still didn't play as bad as Dwade tho lol
Welcome back to twitter ! Yeah me! #Winning! Welcome to twitter ! Hit me up dude, let's chat!
Why do you have Santorum on your show, Leno? WHY?!?
Mama Claiborne Crying...aw
Of course you are.
lol... wow don't expose em...
Been hungover since yesterday! Partied and then Partied even more when I got home. Succesful st partys day
woo party! Congrats Lexie on graduating !
We gotta keep our heads up its a long season lets go get in Pitts ass
“: you never drink whenever we do!” i know but i will just for you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
I could not have a job in PR because I'm "not likable". Good thing I married
listening to that little voice I believe is like opening the door to your creative mind.doing it is being a magician of things
You guys are awesome! xoxo
Thank you so much <3
PickUpLine: Smash an ice cube and say, "Now that I've broken the ice, will you sleep with me?"
You should've been on Madison Ave
I miss you too man!! Get ready for crew bonding time
Get your hot rods ready to rumble!! Cause were going to drink until we die!
The Nationals have won three games in a row. Have they even done they this year?
No offence Quiznos but your food sucks, Subway is wayy better
Vodka has no carbs
be yourself. NO ONE can beat you at being you!
Your boy had one heck of a game Sunday night. Hopefully, he can have another good one tonight
Omg. What just happened?
This is why I give up.
Is anybody trying for a NHS leadership spot?
She can't even shoot with a sniper.
We have CHEAP tickets for our 1PM show at TRI-C PARMA! SHAMROCKFEST 3/17! Celebrate st pats with us!
I love you! That's all :)
oh my gosh !!! so excited #MahoneToLA cant wait ! <3
Teachers, you give me alot of homework,my handwriting is so sloppy its almost unreadable. Sincerely, deal with it.
Everybody loves playing the blame game
after loosing my last tennis match i drowned my sorrow in a chocolate milk shake. Let's hope I win tonight. my hips can't take it!
Experience the ultimate In Limousine service!!
NBC only does comedy Thursday nites.
Who can tutor me in micro? #solost but really...
We are gearing up for tomorrow night! Kathy will be speaking about how to make a kite. Who else is going?
rad! I'll have to check that out next
Spoke to very helpful agent at State Depart about FS-240 and N600. A lot to learn, but we're doing it! Best to all!
M...the meatballs are even better the second time around...threw em on some egg noodles ah-may-zing!! :)
I will be at #ghoulwillball, can't wait to see your costume!
"I can't put an Apple sticker on my car because it's to popular."
*waiting for mentions*
Finally broke our #BracketBusters curse. Handily.
once i learned how to open it up and release the flavor tho..i love
my lakers won wat a great way too bring in the new year <3
ah, we'll just have to visit itself on the next trip!
#confession I can't stand when a girl acts dumb for attention..
Time for & AGT
thanks Tommy!
I kndda knew this would happen -.- But it's all cool. :3
Yes, please send pics!
I know him lol... You guys make a cute couple :) good luck Katt!!! <3 you deserve the best :)
#community - I can see why women find Clive Owen attractive to the point where I might just as well be attracted to him.
I'm still thinking of names for you.......Hmmmnmn Mocha eruption or liquid brown suga lmfao ....FYI I'm home
ALL THESE PPL IN MY ROOM AND THEY LOUD AF
Jackson County is tallying their last precinct.
now am mad at u
B2B mobility solutions based on CloudBrowse technology
Watain and goat heads. Winniez. Next vibe is... ' rape van!??
the fact that you two talk >>>>>
HaHa, right!? He took it like a pro. Great to meet you last night, Über took me home! Phenomenal service! Kudos.
. since we first opened: lack of affordable housing & struggles that creates.
If Thomas did a solo video I would die <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2>
It was wonderful to see them giving her a standing ovation! Well deserved Ms. Spencer!!!
I love you moree!!
our worked on this. Two more stores coming in Boyle Heights!
like like like
Humor is just another defense against the universe
Im RTing everything and anything w/ Straight Up Hustler in it.
Life is but a moment....are you living yours without regrets?
Dang it's kinda cold here in the #ATL today!
on the buss and it came on the last day of school and we started crying...
Dear new rules at work, I am far too fat to fit in the shitty fitted pants you make me wear
Aw man. Sorry about that.
good luck Mat, the superfan hope all works out!
just waiting to hear date for breaking ground- lots of furniture, tech decisions to make still-
burned 250 calories doing 30 minutes of "Elliptical Trainer"
Photographers are starting to call and book their Photoshoots! Keep those calls coming!
bout to see what today has in store for me :)
Earn money: very soon I am distributing best ebook 'work from home' to my followers for free with resale right.
the more i try to fight the idea that i am a hipster, the more i realize i am one.
Did you know the Easter Egg is a symbol of new life?
you're weird buy Okay !!!
like it..but maybe better to learn mobile code since that's where we're headed fast? at least, that's my plan.
Lovely! RT : "An optimist is the human personification of spring!" -Susan J Bissonette. Nice day to soak up sun and read poetry
You say its real gold but its dollar store sold
no mista clay, we slept for hours!! Did ya?
lol I'm from Atlanta(:
San Marcos Brewery and then back to the shop to do some welding. Hell yeah!!
because, facebook annoyed me. & idk ill go back one day but im staying lowkey right now.
Critical Thinking, Week 15: The Fallacy of Hasty Generalization uses limited data or experience to draw broadly applicable conclusions.
Series of baserunning errors have cost Highland big so far. Belmont still leads 1-0 heading into the fifth.
Might be wrong :(
is wondering, why won't guys just come out and say what they're really thinking? it would make a girls life so much easier! <3 lol
Mr. Hand's history class > Tebow
Pearl Harbor...70 years ago today. Let's never forget those who fought for our freedom.
i dont believe that if im not happy ill let the guy kno... or ill just leave him....
Good luck with the audition.
Excited to announce that I will be recording the next Spence e.p with (Framing Hanley, Creed, Dark New Day) Stoked STOKED STOKED!
Nancy 'can hardly walk' but perfects the foxtrot!
If you are interested in discussing ANGEL to #Blackboard roadmap, let me know. Happy to discuss.
"Oh please, don't cry, you liar." - Mumford and Sons, "Liar"
Poised Creation has began developing a network of photographers!!!
My Twitter account got hacked. Please do not open any links coming from my account.
Great job this season on #DWTS -- you were a lot of fun to watch. Got to say I'm rooting for Katherine & Mark to win tho.
you like penis
Refs are ridiculous. Absolutely out of this world lame.
hi Dan! How are you? Are you at the radio station tonight?
BGS and Zenimax Online share a common owner, but are separate studios in different locations.
miss my lil
i read it only as an adult but i think even when i was 16 i would have hated it.
I think. is FINE ASS HELL!!
Is it weird that I rarely crave ice cream cones? They're soggy. I only buy them cause they seem like something I should enjoy on warm days.
well u subscribe to my phone n u barely TWEET
makes watching CNN even more enjoyable.
EXCITING NEWS: Have just completed the arrangements for 3 new songs... "Paradidomi Life", "From The Inside Out" & "100 Stars"
i'm fine. getting ready for my morning (late) walk!
5 days until #OTH !! Can't wait! :)
What is missing if your data strategy includes the right info at the right time & in the right format?
i got my phone taken away.thts it.
I thought you were my friend.
Cosigned by another Iowa owner who knows how Daniels can play RT Ownership would like to welcome Mine Daniels to Green Bay.
This is fucking ridiculous. Is this some sort of karma-involved nightmare? How the hell is Suppan pitching this well?
AAAAAHhhhhhhhhhhhh...2nd act having loads of fun during our dress rehearsal!!
I think I'll try it out. You know I love my
I was just told a bereavement group is the best birthday gift I could give myself: Happy Birthday! Now think of something really sad...
Are you up for doing the CC/Public Domain Megastore design challenge this morning? #mozfest Check email! cc:
If I was an art teacher, I would totally use Paper by Fifty-three. 1 challenge - can't toggle on the iPad. Trying to draw image from tumblr
rewinded to see the smith flop. lol he twirls like he's in slow motion wow
Another #audition. Things are going well! Hope they are great for all you other #actors out there!
#UseTwitterNameInSentence Lol i have a feeling im gonna see my name alot in this ()
Chris always does that shit. Lol I had too.
HA! http%3A//www.hbo.com/real-time-with-bill-maher/episodes/0/195-episode/video/new-rule-no-tea-party-halloween.html%3Fautoplay%3Dtrue
RT Denver ...... Mutteddddd ... Sad day in the NFL for them guys 45-10 .
All day I thought of you....I was at the zoo.
S/O for doing what most wont..... Southwest ta death baby. Yup.
RT : “One person with a belief is equal to a force of 99 who have only interests.” – John Stuart Mill ¤ ~
Thanks Shawna :) Is Veyan a new nickname for me? :) I hope to see you soon and hope your 2012 is an amazing one!
Call me,please!
I'm told the world famous may be there 2nite. If you see her, buy her a Shirley Temple & have her give you "The Maria" makeover.
My dear friends, thank you for feeding my passions and obsessions!
I would imagine they're never in focus. Or pointed in the right direction.
Welcome new fans Mona, Calvin, Patty and Stephanie.
It's jazz fest. I am playing at a fancy hotel.
Hi Eric. Are you a teacher at Germantown HS? I have been trying to reach out to that Eric Glass.
Bottomless cups tonight ladies no cover charge till 11 pm and lots of free shots so come out
When you open the door to 's truck, you are blinded by glitter.
its the best one i've seen so far.
Agreed: looks like Steven held his own! (Nice RL duds.) What's next? Why not The Amazing Race for you two?
All alone in this world
just kickin it man!
“: Twitter Approaching 500 Million Users - ”
need to pickup a new paid of shades this weekend
Fashions have done more harm than revolutions
The most beautiful Little One there is (sharing the title with Willa, of course).
I baked you a pie! Oh boy! What flavor? 3.14 flavor!!!!
oh lol u guys were screaming and wavibg a yellow glowstick hahaha
Jesus Loves the little children all the children of the World (Wide Web)
buying? Renting?
Funny! Of all the searches I did I never tried ella meno pee. Thanks for the intro and nice to meet you
or just be courtside man...#OneDay!
trivia is NEVER STUPID
It took me far to long to discover I can just type the project in the Mac app, instead of using the drop-down list. Much better.
I wish I could but I don't have ur number :(
The oh so confident dayvon
Watching Brooklyn 11223 with Viggle Mon | 11PM | Oxygen Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Haven't graduated--still researching/writing. But def looking for ways to get involved outside my diss and have time to do it.
Awesome AGT promo ..thanks for posting for us! Can't wait!
Playing Grand Theft Auto and obeying the rules of society and not gunning hookers
Lye: via France, Mao at center of new left, and at center of interethnic formations in US
Romney has run anti-Washington campaign, lowering chances he picks longtime lawmaker as VP, inc. Portman, Thune, Ryan. Rubio elected in '10.
RT "When I used to live in Los Angeles, I used to step in human feces a lot."
Big happy birthday party going on at the Smartt-Saunders! Happy birthday to me and happy second birthday to Liam
Jeremy Lin may not be the next Magic Johnson, but he is certainly the next Tim Tebow.
when are we hangin?
Loved #BrokeGirls last night and can't wait for #Glee and #TheNewGirl tonight. are getting our TV on this week!
Looking forward to #cherylcole doing the "rivers of blood" speech on this weeks
LeveledUp at Cafe de Boston, saved $2, thank you!!
hey, our shows are at the Freshman Centre on Thurday-Saturday at 7:00pm:)
so wats up?
OK, I'LL BE THERE :) LOL! AND YOU HAVE TO COME TO MY PARTY TOMORROW OK? HAHA!
My summer officially ended yesterday.. back to work and school
I know! But now u is!
my bad my nigga lets chill this weekend
he cute, he cute.
Oh Snap, I was really enjoying his tweets! RT I'm WOEBEGONE that the has been found! Rending my garments!
Thanks, funny you should mention #MapBox. It’s currently among my favorite things in the world.
Where have you been?!? One of my fave songs right now
hey justin, I hope U & UR family had a Merry Christmas, Happy & Safe New Year's 2 Ya!!! We'll C U in Lexington 1/21
Glad you liked it. DM us if you'd like a beta invite to
Say what?! Lol :p
RT : Life [...] is fine.I got me a good lookin' woman; I got me some indoor plumbing, and I wouldnt have it any other way. #
Happy Birthday to #HarryPotter!!!!
why do i feel like you think shes better than i am? ): Dont tell me lies, just tell me the truth Dx
So many options for cloth diaper covers these days. How do you decide?
Kick some Butt this week and get 4th place. and win that FA Cup
Heading to the Big Peach with and
Congrats. Everyone was so dope tonight.
we be making money yall be making promise
Student: "I can't make it to class today." Me: "That's okay, we can arrange a robot so you can participate from off campus."
Racking up chill points on this lazy Sunday...last one before the Sea Dogs return for the final homestand of 2010.
i didn't know if I should use 1 or both. serum 1st, wait 5 min, then moisturize!
Because I'll wake up at the crack of dawn and that would suck ass.
So what? All writers are lunatics!
Anyone watch HDNet? Art Mann Presents should really be called "Show Us Your Awful Tits".
OH: we're at The Safe House baby. It's all top secret.
"This Boy" John wrote this & it is simple but very clever. It has only a few notes but the space between the notes is filled by arrangements
I said YES! to the dress!!!
haha it's ok:)
Ready for a fun day out and about
Happy Mothers Day to all of you Moms!!!!
Aw! Memories. Hope we were gentle ;)
woo gonna twerk all day tomorrow guys~
Haha at a TV ad for "The Alcohol and Addition" cure airing during MadMen
Have u guys heard of Clock Tower Ales in The Dalles, Or? Last place in OR. to view public hangings...haunted 4 sure!
We are all sold out for tonight's Destination Thursday event!! Don't delay for next week's (May 3rd) Palermo, Sicily!!!
no problem && las vegas
please remember & never forget,,whereever ya are,,that's where you're at
Off to Texas in the morning. Hope it doesn't rain until after I take off!
The next time i see a UFO I'm putting the location on 's Strangtimes
Has anyone ever had a phantom scent hanging around?
If you've done your fair share of researching various perspectives go job
luckily they are still with you and always will be :)
it's many more than the other 99% will ever have?
Favre will be QB coach!
Here's my excitement for today; I just got my first filling, yippee!
so will MN fans
#FF ~~> has me rollin' on the Disney movie rants today. Legit LOL!
This cold weather in South Florida is getting really old fast!
goodnight tweets........beauty rest is a calling.....
then go to sleep :P lol
I was hacked ... sorry, followers. And it appears several peeps I follow were also hacked. Time to change passwords.
RT and win - Mom's rules: Do you think your socks are going to pick themselves up? Happy
I'll bring the sweet treats if someone else brings the rest! ;)
I didn't go to #SENIO12 awards night. I wonder what award I received?
y not
Ever since the day i met u, u never left my mind, not even a little, ur still there
GOD I HATE HAPPY PEOPLE IN LOVE.
my 11:11 wish is 4 u to follow me and say u love me 11
I'm done playing these mindgames with you. If you want me, tell me that. If not, then stop bothering me. I have others things to do.
Mary Marshall Clark: Today we see the incredible power of the witness in imagining a world where we can act not just respond.
Excited to see the short #docfilms on the #Oscar list. Especially Lucy Walker's "The Tsunami and the Cherry Blossom"
Great rehearsal at San Quentin with the men of Invited guests are in for a real treat.
Like the end of the world is beginning RT : hows the weather in el paso right now :)
ok, temp wiki glitch resolved itself, i'll be there with you on Tues @ 8AM
Please 'Pardon Our Dust' as we update our website. Much appreciated for your understanding.
Bruins and the Budget panel discussion begins.
Happy Monday!
#Foodiechat starts soon and Monday Night Football too! Join the oldest bar in Chicago!
The emphasis on student loans&education is relative to an opportunity existing? The MS democratic party is the most ineffectual I know.TBR
Someone can DM you only if you follow them. So that's an easy problem to fix....
She caint play keyboard for nun she sum shit
So am I suppose to follow everybody???
i know everything in my last tweet is wrong. i did it on purpose lol
My wife & kids ^__^ too funny Lol
Yep, but she sleep cuz she was at church all day yesterday cuz of two funerals 11 and 2, and didnt get hm till 7. All that
#Season3BTR crazy how fast time flies?! i was at the premiere for Season 1 ep1 miss you!xo
Cool... when you think thata be??
Hello to everyone;-)
#NewTwitter i dont´t stand it :P
We should have given out leg lamps.
Great start Pack. Let's go defense!
yeah that was a smooth talk. But don't worry about sports. We can talk about whatever bro. I think I'm pretty well versed lol.
#DF11 strategic context. The power of open leadership in social environments.
i'm good (: thanks! And how are you?
i love retainers because no matter how cold the drink is that im sippin on, my teeth wont feel anything
"I didn't get fat untill my family moved to America" most frustrating thing I've heard in a while
Don’t get left out of the Mudd on June 11th! Register online at AbqMuddVolleyball.org or call 505-243-6626.
got a gig! Have a good one.
thanks! You too! :)
Haha, I actually have faith in them w/ Superman. Cavill is a v. good actor and you can't go wrong with a Nolan/Snyder collab.
Every since my bro got his first snapback he were the hell out it EVERYWHERE!.
RT 3 generations of women in my family are members of
Oscar party tonight. Joe Witkowski is hosting. Rum Chata and domestics for cheap. The dragon will be behind the bar.
Is there anything worse out there than making guided notes or worksheets? I hate it!
No sugar coating new listings. Give the clients the straight answers when Marketing Real Estate for them. Expert Advise Always!!!
I know. Lol I'm gonna have so many tie dyed stuff by the end of this summer.
Follow me please! I'm great simpsonizer! 143 so much! Never change, your voice is amazing :3 . Follow me :3 follow me39
That's whats up
Come down to for 50% rails and taps til 9pm...plus pull tabs and pinball
yes I am
wake tonight:(
My new house has a wood burning fireplace...I have no idea how to work it...googling it now but not much help.
i'll RT you so you will be on his timeline, and i'll DM him :D?
Brossard. New area of research: analyzing comments, their effect on how readers view the original story
Oh don't be silly - I'm such a Twitiot I didn't even notice the unfollow :)
Sports On The Air for Saturday, May 5, 2012
20 a game
b/c they don't believe that to be en greve means you're a criminal?
Planning to do some pretty intense beatboxing if you'd like to freestyle.
Good luck to my partner today at the big meeting
at least there's yoga. right?
Got some extra time today? Stop in and check out our latest phones, then head down the street and treat yourself to a
that is to say, not about "CIA Mole" leak, as it reads.
It could have made for some entertaining tweets.
Looking forward to having in our backyard next week.
I worked at a rotisserie chicken place.
: very upset. Emotional & verbal abuse from those 2 just too much for me
I hate how I need to eat every couple hours or I get sick :/ fml
(c) Years of age (; Lol good times and bad times, I love you darling. Soo manny memories and inside jokes :) Lylas, <U+2665>
boys had cooties and I had the antidote!!! Circle circle dot dot...
And if Ruby removed 'unless' and forced 'if not', all you'd lose are english semantics! (Why not just use lisp?)
same... gettin ready for tonight
I hate hoodrats
Who talkin bout doing a dance video?
im soo painfully shy @ 1st I have anxiety attacks meeting new people..the internets the only place i'm myself. igetchu
so full
ya we should have you told Kayla yet?
I'll take a non mothers day. I should be appreciated for not bringing kids into the world when I'm not ready! Ha
yea I know, but I got so comfortable
Haha. Yeah... But you're not an ex. :P
I'd be interested to see a roleplaying game based on Ridley Scott's Prometheus and subsequently expanded "Alien" universe.
Speak life or keep your mouth shut ! Praises nd curses shouldnt come out the same mouth .. im learning this
seeing poor people, homeless ppl........... i am grateful. le sigh
If you don't like it, you can kiss my ass...
First stop in the Midwest is St. Louis. Come out for a great show at !!
well what do you do?
More new members: P. J.'s Boutique, The White Orchid Florist, American Automation Inc, Recycle That LLC, Antea Group.
you should come back!! :D
haha good luck
Never use the passive where you can use the active
robert is uber soft. but then he gets slimy when he's we. but he always smells good :D
RT : starts tomorrow night @ 5. Come join 1000's for great entertainment, food &art. Going to be a great...
that was worst than my knock knock jokes ~_~ lmao
Buy land. They've stopped making it. - Mark Twain
First person to get the answer correct wins a prize! GO!
i don need yo permission..i do wa i want
I did not see that ending coming :O
Seeing my babe in her softball uniform<3
Couldn't be angrier.
Taste and see that the LORD is good; blessed is the man who takes refuge in him Psalm 34:8
we should do a little chocolate for lingerie exchange.Both are such delicious treats!
And this is why we love you.
On these Cindy Crawford commercials Valerie Bertandernie seems like kind of a dumb cunt.
There are as many nights as days, and the one is just as long as the other in the year's course
Hope your a knicks or lakers fan if not you have to be at least dtf ????
"a different kind of milk"
Seeking a #records clerk in #Baltimore, MD. Please contact me for details!
Yeah he is!;) LOL
STUPID. RELEASE SO LATE. ):.
Faulty b/c wealthy are dispr. likely to employ other persons? Objection, b/c of relevance. This is tax issue not economic issue
too funny. Geeking out by example.
#OneThingILove the smell of office supplies
Attention all you runners: Keep up the running guys!
Go to www.MeetUp.com today join The Social Media Business Network for free!
Appalachian Granny's Pie Addicts Anonymous meeting at Acme Hotdogs, Sat., 3/24, 1-3 pm. Stop in for lunch! Order take home pies in advance!
LOTR is big at my house this weekend. Hubby is huge JRRT fan, has DVD trilogy set. We're on disc 4 of 6, so far, I think. enjoy.
Thank you so much for the follow. Cheers!
you gotta hit and your mind goes ping!
kuuuu kuuuu, I'll be Gettin the song order list soon and sending it to u
Being mature has nothing to do with your age but everything to do with your mindset.
I miss and her badass show.<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
hint hint #video hint hint
They have mentioned it a couple times
lol funny could that b why its so boring??
Shout out to ! You are awesome!
is a very interesting
Ugh I feel like I'm gonna throw up :/ blah
Hi Christina! Happy Holidays. Cool & talented lady...my vote! :)
": with out me??? lol jp" I saved u sum
Studying sucks.
All I'm gonna do is just go on and do what I feel. - Jimi Hendrix
congrats man! Need to get an outside mid that can handle those long switches you're playing. Keep working hard!
Band practice today!!
We meet again, Asian market parking lot. You keep trying to kill me, but my mother had me with a German.
"the usual for you mr. quagmire? a margarita and a rufee-colata?"
I wanna go to bed but I have to wait for my nails to dry
"I'm unfollowing you" .. Omg i'm so hurt you sure showed me !! Bye bitch you will be REPLACED!
the reference to shwarma in The Avengers have led to increased sales of up to 80% at middle eastern shops. Quick Pita upon return?
i cant stop staring at the sexyness in my background...omg!
sometimes i'm like, wait is what i think of bieber how people felt about bsb and nsync back in the day? then i'm like nah they're still cool
It took most of the day, but I'm caught up on my
I got a new phone with an Android OS, any suggestions on apps?
Bar opens next weekend @ chi dynasty Americana!!! C u there!
There's hot... and then there's Austin Mahone.
would love if you could but I've been told repeatedly that policy doesn't allow
EVERYONE WHO READS THIS JUST TEXT BOMMB THIS BITCH FOR ME PLEASE 315-378-7576
The have signed Burt Reynolds. He is Robinson Cano's cousin. We hope he has a righteous mustache.
Equating disability to American excess and arrogance is pretty shitty.
#hyped for tonight rangers game
Prom dress shopping with Brittany tomorrow :)
Just passed Garside. Always brings back so many memories.
Hey, FITzees! What cute and creative stuff do you have up your sleeve for #ValentinesDay?
When your ADD/ADHD child is rude, you do not have to engage with him. Tell him you will talk to him when he is ready to be polite.
Hey,please follow me! I love you with all my soul Austin<U+2661><U+2661><U+2661><U+2661><U+2661><U+2661> please please 106
Spring break travel? $2 meals on three best-sellers – just until noon Thurs
I have to say ... I love the Palmer PDI-03 Speaker Simulator. It is just the best.
Searching online for a cover for my NEW MacBook
Laying awake watching
and he's so skinny!
Cinco De Mayo May 5th, WE LIVE at Fusion Ultra lounge with DJ UNK ! be sure to hit me for the guest list!! Your Promoter Shocka
MEAN ASS
Almost died laughing on the treadmill today. Thank you &
Music video, cant wait!
wat up girl i miss u havent talk to u in alot
EW! This lady was jst breast feeding at church. I saw her boob & er'thang. Cochina lol. Happy mothers day :D ahaa
"She can love you good... But I can f#ck you better better better better better better aye!"
Lights go off around globe for record Earth Hour
Love your blog about the end-of-year review! Going to do that this year, for sure.
#milwaukee Bad time to sell your home? Increase it's value w/ #AFillingerinc cabinets and mouldings. Top notch Quality, always!
Buy me some Mary Jane
I could slander Kobe...but I don't feel like it...
TM this now. RT : If you like it then you shoulda put a pin on it.. Uh oh oh #mw2012 go
Nobody ever said life was easy…they just promised that it would be worth it. :)
can be so mean to his followers. It actually makes me laugh most of the time..
Having your cake and eating it too isn't a crazy concept to me. If I buy cake its because I want to eat it.
Rain! Beautiful, cold, heat-breaking rain!
If you're hungry and stressed, why not grab a bag of medicated party mix to munch on and to help you deal with your day!
BOOKED a supporting role in HERB’S LAST STAND, a Thesis w/ Brooklyn College directed by James Morse. This charming comedy shoots in April.
see you guys soon
Another good morning
Joesph Kony Help people stop this Child killer!!!!!!!!!!! Retweet Now!!!!
When you hear you teacher say "alright baby I love you" while there on the phone
Someone is going to need to roll me out of here
oh shush. I hope you don't pass your road test! kidding, hope you do pass it so you can bring me shopping. love ya
sounds like a load of fun :p
i didn't realize how sunburnt i was either until the shower! it may cause cancer, but also leads to a tan :) COME OVER
lol...yeah, not bad!
The Movie Sensei thinks that the Trailers for next Summer's films are more entertaining than the Films that they precede. Dame Yo!
Just prepared my 60 headshots & resumes for my big TRU Audition Event this upcoming Sunday, wish me LUCK! :D
Merril Hoge needs to leave Kurt Warner alone. Let him be a parent to his kids. Calling his perspective on football "uneducated" is bullshit
Biked to work for the first time. Definitely going to have to invest in the nearby cyclists shower/locker/bike security station.
#Geekend , unlocking the levels of awesome.
Can you blow my whistle baby, whistle baby ? :D
Its a go!!!!RT : Is looking forward to networking with you.
although, if I were to put my ear to your chest to listen to your heart beat, I think your nipples would be as effective!
RT : #Sagittarius will respect you more if you say the truth instead of excuses.
"Libraries = content + community" Michael Porter
Ah... missed that. Right, no surprise. Dodger Stadium was though RT : Talked about that yesterday. No surprise though.
I'm so much cuter than most guys on this #LOGO channel
I'm so scared...
Happy Birthday Dr. Seuss! You're dead!
favorite tv show the borgias and favorite animated show aladdin and buzz lightyear of star command kim possible also phil of the future.
That moment when you find out Kenny Lofton is not the same guy as kickin' it with Kenny..... #awkward time for bed!
true well u stay over east then thats another shame thats close to my school *cough
Good, helpful information.Thanks.
Off to mix some music at the Red Devil Lounge!
aaron my nigga hate that it had to be him:(
#1DSmashedSNL night night lovely's have a directed day in my home town ;)
Work flow.
Shout Out to the Chick that fell asleep in her Edible Panties.. Now the Ants done got ahold of her Ass!
Matt Franco walk-off single.
Say Yes to the Dress makes me want to go shopping for a wedding dress! Honestly, I can't wait for the day I get married. (:
is going for a walk on the beach
It's not hard to get bonds, if you do it in a systematic fashion and you actually engage people for more than ten minutes - Gale Kaufman
#TtW12 #D3 interesting international perspective on web activity gap. Mobile vs PC and demographics in Armenia by
A guy that takes longer then me to get ready <<< damn
I'm not tired at al.
like this: if Taurus ASC, related to the 6th/Libra (difficult); if Libra ASC related to the 8th/Taurus (also difficult)
Maybe the price is standard, but where else but in White Center are Banh Mi adjacent to porn AND medical marijuana?
The thought of Rangers fans invading Newark for a viewing party is hilarious. If I weren't gonna be at MSG already, I'd consider it.
I have no idea how it's doing in ratings but #TheRiver on ABC is sheer entertainment. Lose yourself in the story, have fun.
Except to You :)
Big ups to my Dean, ! Happy Anniversary !
18 Days and counting! Stop by one of the #REDD booths when you are there!
That awkward moment when you're answering a question and the person who asked it, starts talking to someone else.
watching elf...theres a family of tomatoes...or no what asparagus..
finally flying home today after almost three weeks of travels! beyond excited!!!
your version of batman is on par with my favorite artist version, Breyfogle. Awesome work!!
getting ready for my 3rd week of school
I just retweeted it.
Just closed up shop #Thunderin and #Lightning see ya Friday!
banging track.
. the problem is not just a $2B loss...it was part of a $100B play
Taking Christina to buy a new leotard for her meet tomorrow
It's Friday the 13th... mwahahahaa! Have a great day!
DYLAN!!!! who's number is that?
yeeeh fool, I finally got on that Twitter
ultimate measure ofa person isnot where they stand in moments of comfort& convenience but where they stand in times of challenge&controversy
will do thanks!
There's a team in my son's Little League that bunts three times per game. Amazingly, they're terrible.
Warrior come out and playyyyRT : ME TO
what an incredible venue!
If you are your child are allergic to DUST MITES, the very first thing to do is to encase every mattress and pillow in the bedroom!...
CLT Business owners: Seats for guests are still available for the July 21 Vistage All City CEO event in Charlotte. Call 800.264.2367
Ha! Excellent. RT : Why is Facebook going public? They couldn't figure out the privacy settings either.
awesome, very good stuff!
Our song was Rebel Love Song </3
When you get a lil paper beware of the haters
this #tmobile data throttling crap is pissing me off! how the fuck is 5Gb out of unlimited access too much??
Megan Fox Pregnancy News Confirmed
What if you drove up to your business and the building was gone? Do you have a good disaster recovery plan in place? No, then let's talk!
Follow back ? :D
now and while it's good I think more time should be spent talking about 'gap years' and creative ways to careers, there's no one way
Please tell me Santorum's prop rock will make a reappearance tonight!
Looking for #Java engineers and SR #Flex Developers for a great studio in
Love yall too.
check yo inbox!
Join us for Mother's Day Brunch with a wonderful 3 course menu and $10 bottomless mimosas!
New teacher tip. As you get ready for the start of your school year think about this: "What kind of teacher do you want to be?"
I DIDN'T KNOW YOU HAD A TWITTER <3 Plus, You're a fucking Andy stalker(;
M... that brings back fond memories.
tear it up tonight mang! Do werkkk!
I like that. Very true.
#movdevux very informative mobile usability discussion by panel
who writes the plan? whos feelings were those? unreal
Congratulations to Baylor QB Robert Griffin I on winning the Heisman Trophy!
At today's Feast on Fashion at Balsan, we're beginning with curried sweet potato soup, with pomegranate, toasted almonds, and chives.
Best part is video description: "and circles her car like a shark."
I want that book! But wow, pricey! Cleverly solving that problem by asking for it as a bday gift.
Happy 236th Birthday Marine Corps! Many thanks to you all!
Congrats and welcome to the world baby Ada!
Excited for Kristine Abramowitz new column "Writing on the Wall" featured on new Storyopolis Entertainment web site.
hm...tough break nigga lol night ;)
excuse me youre a hell of a guy you know iI really got a thing for new york guys:) reply!!
What doens't kill you, always makes you stronger. Just keep pushing. You'll make it through.
We've Been Together For A Minute.
DAMN I SAID I WAS SRRY WAT ELSE U NEED TO HEAR
you are silly! But I appreciate the love :)
I love your epic hair. (:
is surveying & mapping the internet entities that she oversees.
well are parents and are going on a trip to #Vegas and wanted to use the 70% off. Been trying all day
I feel like it may not be good to have a title for a thesis, without a thesis... "A Bug in the History of Computers"
: awe okay bukiie! & thanks bo c: hope you have fun to!:)
You are welcome
artist don't fuck with ya until u got something they can benefit from. And some wonder why those artist get so stingy when they break threw
Baby girl pole dancing to Goyte's Somebody That I Used To Know. Hot damn I love that song more now.
unless maybe you're attacking the manufacturers of those "sexy ___" costumes geared at prepubescents, etc. ok I'm done now sorry
I was way to sober for that #Malört shot...
Dayummm they're good!!!
I really like pumpkins cotton
lol i thought i had favorite already but i didnt so i had go back and do it..
Thanks again for the tour of yesterday. Amazing things being done there.
Thank you for the heads up !
Though its more likely now, I don't think ryan grant is back next year. Would guess he will take what he can get elsewhere
Next Week Is My #Birthweek !! The whole week Is Mine
So you didn't end up making it out to the Brooklyn Brewery dinner tonight?
that's life.
Thanks, will have to log back into Klout one day!
What the heck are the officials smoking? Ha! I love it, Milbury!
#rememberwhen we were best friends & ..
cleansing. Yesterday was the halfway point. I have new respect for you vegan types!
Any dog lovers in #LincolnPark? Which local businesses care for your pets? We wanna know who's the best so we can get 'em involved!
oh, anytime, my man.
Job Sharing Would Ease the Pain of Recessions - Bloomberg
did you hip check her?
Pats open as 3.5 point favorite over Giants. Total is set at 55
"I don't love you." those 4 drops of poison that kill you slowly and painfully...
it wasn't a conscious slight. We optimize for getting 1st version of the viz out there quickly & a static image made most sense.
I wish people would stop trying to cram their entire wardrobe into the overhead bins on planes
well, my phone acted like a 5 yr old poser and tried 2 swim....... it didnt turn out so well... *fuck*
it pretty much was! Melting Pot = awesome birthday!
Best time to shop - when they first open at 8am. No crowds, nothing's picked over, perfect!
Pain killers, shmaine killers.
Your an amazing singer ! && Your cute :)
Had a great time at the kite festival today. Good work !
YAY!(: my brother Alec is coming home today from the National Guard
Rondo definitely top 3 point guards in the game hands down
oh kater snot!
Thank you for sharing, and we're so excited that you want to brush up on your French, !
During their show dedicated "Don't Fear The Reaper" to AdamYauch of who died today. R.I.P. MCA.
The OKC is doing its best to make me as cranky as possible this morning.
Good morning twitter !! Meowww to and !!
Homemade salsa & chips on a perfect Saturday afternoon.
Just saw John Cleese on 45th St. He was wearing a baseball cap.
You know, I love my wife. She hears me open the refrigerator and she yells down.. "I have this terrible idea, Chick Fil A Breakfast"
hey you said you say the dance battle did you see a girl with a purple love iconic boyz hoodie
Monster Climbs 2010 starts Friday! 13 guys, 3 days, 141 miles and 21,969 feet of upward tilting pavement through the Sierra Nevada Mtns.
Honey bees must tap 200 flowers to make one drop of honey. Remember, d sweetest reward comes from d hardest struggle.
is the next Tyler Perry!
In a town of 16,000 people (i.e., Boston in 1773), who needs social media? Social media is yelling out your window.
#murder. Let's go
My girl just mention me :-)
Girl:Hey,describe a hot girl Boy:Blonde hair,Huge boobs,Brown eyes Girl:Guess i'm not hot! Boy:U said describe a hotgirl not the perfectgirl
Congrats !": Bluefin raises $12m 2nd round funding led by Time Warner Inv. for social tv analytics"
Increase regulation on the big banks? Ya think?
4th museum this month.. Might i be turning into an official "museum-go'er"?!
Good morning Tweeps! It was a great day at work yesterday So great, I'm headed back for more :)
Im bouta go 2 the y now..Marc just hmu
Shit i feel like snappin a bitch neck<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A2><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008B>
Nice! Aha
I know this is a really long time from now.. but I am DJing at Franks next Tuesday!! Wanted to make sure Myspace knew about it!!!!!!!!!!!
Easy, just grab the shuttle bus from downtown -- www.aess.info/2010transportation -- starts 7am...see you soon!
Thanks Paul! More like fab 3.1. I'm the 0.1. Happy New Year!
"I'd be blessed by the light of your company, lifting me to somewhere new"
Jessica Sanchez is gonna take this
Mornings need to shut up
RT : Margins are site of the greatest transformation.
I love you, Nick P. Hardin. You're so fucking amazing. :)
And if one day you walk into the building and it smells especially delicious...that's because I spilled my coffee all fucking over the place
re: iPads... I don't think I'll ever be able to play normal Scrabble again.
My dad asked me to go out to dinner with them for mothers day but his gf looked pissed at the idea so I jus stayed home! Whatever!!
Website is down. Email us at to sign up for classes or for more information. Happy weekend!
We're always running from our past. The trick is to run fast enough that u forget what ur running from & see only what ur running toward.
live streaming
Ill be a Mahomie forever & always. <3
Chicago starts its PRIDE Weekend with at Hosted bar 9-10pm! Text STYLUS to 46786 for discounted cover!
phenomenal performance!Keep doing what you do!! Love it!!!
oh SNAP he is back! haha
Is tired of the heat here so I'm going on vacation to phoenix. At least it will be a different heat and I will be golfing.
Good Morning! Hope that your day is truly blessed!
I fucks with the "bitch" word heavy I dnt try to offend nobody I just like the way it sound :)
The Gentleman of Texas Omicron have invited us back to cater their tailgate. We'll be serving food at 2:30pm.
Can't wait til mii ma get me a new bed so I can jus relax to MYSELF!
": Affirm - I Am allowing the power of God to move in, through, and as me to create the life of my dreams."
I couldn't agree more
We hear you! RT : #pla12 please always book your ebook programs in the largest rooms. #ala12, you are on notice.
LOLJK I LOVE CHALK
I want <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+009F> <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094> But I can't cause my mommy said "they're too hard for you" This sucks ! I guess I have to eat soup for dinner <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Big Up To TnG Films, Deus Beni Production & The Entire Massive that's working Behind The Scenes.
On location filming for Night of the Living
RT : S/O to my soon to be future team... Just want my future teammates to know, It's BIG WE....little me
sent you an email.
I don't like to criticize other coaches but that can't happen if you're USC AFTER coming out of a timeout. Got to leave time on clock for FG
I think they probably do. Doctors (and modern browsers) are overrated :P
That Either
“Whoever takes even a single life it is as if he has destroyed an entire world” Mishnah Sanhedrin 4.5.
What are your top 3 non-social media and non-default iPhone apps?
are you the pizza man? Cause You sure can deliver.
RT : Nice “: The chant by #occupypdx to the Portland police: "I don't see no riot here. Take off your right gear."”
THE MOST important ingredient 4 hair & skin care is pipe juice a.k.a. water.
FUCK MY BROTHER. HE FORCED ME TO STAY UP UNTILL 5:45 AM AND THEN PUNCHED me at 8:00 and I stayed up
Good Beautiful Tuesday Morning Friends!! xoxo www.kissandim.com
Hey! We're in the lobby at Tech Ranch.
Hahaha O Wow
just installed some great adler lighting in clients home, they look AMAZING!
Haha there's no telling!
Orange Ginger wakes me up!
I guess I just don't find that argument very interesting. Sorry I bothered you.
"My phone's gonna die. #LikeMarilynMonroe" ...okay, I know that was horrible.
I am thankful 2 u 4 keeping the news free of Twitter shorthand.
lol at all the ku people following #MIZDGB all day
Hate the loss, Pimp the game and never allow a bish to call you put and tame
Plenty of head room & space but 100% pure electric. We have over 5K miles in less than 5 months. Excellent urban car.
Got home from my Thanksgiving travels to find a box of waiting for me. I can't wait to send them to my friends!
Its hot! I feel my self getting angry when I step outside
You may not be the brightest crayon in the box, but you're still my favorite color :)
Should I go to sleep? Hm
I just NOW realized you were in class with us...
I honestly feel like some of you ninjas would die if the phone left your grasp. Claiming you don't need life support.
I've met a few #writers now who write fiction but don't read it. What is that about? I think it's terribly disingenuous.
Barrett lies right out of the box! Say he won't be beholden to outstate special interests. Unionistas don't count?
there's no such thing as a quick fix, but i can spend my life searching for one
K, you like great music. I like that. A lot.
I'm not a skateboarder. Holding on to faded talents. A few years ago I was jumping stairs. Funny what one injury can do.
Trey Songz has been dope AF lately
Congrats to our OTHS classmate #oscar winner for #visualeffects, Rob Legato!
can we get a #FF or what?!
Yay! Thanks for posting.
Fired Southern California teacher who became a Pennsylvania jail for dissidents. No obvious signs of easing.
yes as we shld
My AP Statistics teacher just told me I look like I'm stoned...o ok.
“: Surgery thrusday” surgery is fun
When you mess up on a tweet <<
But then the spider punched me back and said "you're like 15 years late with that line.
idk I just up, I should have gotten cofee before class RT “: what is our professor talking about bro -_-”
enjoyed your talk at ICE today! MSHS alum turned librarian!
Stop doubting and start declaring the Word of God over your situation. It never fails.
laaaah you too mommy
not sure.. I gotta work mtg that night too :/ should only take an hour, tho
There's always that one band that keeps your feet on the ground but encourages your head to be in the clouds.
haha, anytime, follow me sir? ;D
ConcordSoap fans: tweet with #mysbc & let them know why they should feature our small biz...and why you can't get enough of us!!
too slow off the blocks for jeff tweedy pre-sale... on to craigslist with all the other suckers.
I usually don't mind having a messy room, but today I'll start cleaning a bit. I think there's something *alive* in there.
www.iband.me join now!
Today is not ending on a good note. I just need a hug.
I would just keep an eye out for eg a sickly-looking person. Or a really, really skin on a light-coloured horse…
RT : "The Christian on his knees sees more than the philosopher on tiptoe." ~DL Moody // Amen!
did u add music it to tumblr or added song to ur profile in hypster?
tell them hi
Happy Birthday!
five nights
And #Brazil is the first team to get knocked of the tourney, losing to #France 33-7
That reading room at Library of Congress is awesome, but I can't wait to show you the reading rooms from the libraries here! <3
Want to see how it feels to putt Augusta greens? Play Cascata near Las Vegas. Wicked fast, as the FG crew discovered today.
Just finished cleaning my #airbrushes. The Devilbiss DAGR and Harder and Steenbeck Infinity are nice and shiny now.
Tonight it's Lunar with myself along with my homies and !! Don't miss out!!
Hi Tye thx for follow, where is Poland Ohio?
Good morning!!!
So excited to go back to India
what are the must see pieces at SXSW Interactive?
RT : A date for your diary - Anti Bullying Week takes place 19 to 23 November 2012. Details about this years' theme soon
No mistakes 2 great 2 recover and bounce back...
celebrated birthdays there!!!
A nice hot shower sounds good right now. followed by a sleeping pill....and some music.
There is a finite number of 94 Honda accords in the world.
The cost of using a Beatles song on last night's Mad Men was about $250,000.
27th and North
": Ron Paul says he'll quit campaigning in new states. He's so silly! There hasn't been a new state since 1959."
So glad to hear it! Good luck keeping up the momentum!
If you cant see my emojis I feel sorry for you
i fall asleep every night&wake up every morning just hoping one day you will notice me. but yet nothing has happened..)': 2
Take that Nelson Cruz. Go #Tigers!!!!!! Characters to waste....
Haven't been a fan of AR since a writer queried me on self-published book said to be on their approved reading list.
RT If you can find a faster way to get information you can become a knight of the hack. - at
I had a job-interview-via-Skype for the first time last month. The funny thing is, I was only a block away from where the interviewers were!
Going to bed with #SaySomethin on replay :)
i never really cared till i met you
Daughter called after 7-day 50 mi hike on App Trail. Said she stared at her hands for 10 min, missing me, noticing her hands look like mine.
On way home with from hanging with & and got to meet Bonnie! #bigrichtexas girls are so fun!
third world countries still get periods...
I think I'm being showing the trending topics from like UK or something for some reason
heha did it
finally going on a beach date
Any business offering the best Indy deals? we are featuring FREE Indy deals postings!... Email
come back to pcola I'm bored already.. :(
I'll try my hardest! I have to buy 3 for my friends too! If it's not a book I'll try to get something!
Especially with a comedy, you've got the clear cut goal of trying to make a scene funny
Thanks for the follow
hey Alex, I'm your "mentor" for #dmchallenge2. I aim to make this two straight wins over so let me know how I can help
wahhh let's hang we need to have Christmas still.
When i die youll fear the flood
I Will Always Love You
Happy Mother's Day to the best Mama in the whole wide world <3 :)
If it is dripping fast enough to make that worthwhile, it is probably faster than necessary.
I never thought tht it would be so simple but I found a way,.
thanks for the fb sexy
I sure hope it's a good & quick 1!!!
RT Just arrived at the ocean's deepest pt. Hitting bottom never felt so good.
#inside bad ball movement by okc, poor shot selection, no player movement
I've updated my blog!
Short week ahead of the holiday the #usfplib will close at 8pm on Wed and will be closed on Thursday & Friday. Reopening Sat 9AM
when n where
Who's gunna run this town tonight
the crib scarface, could it be more Tony? you loved me for me, could you be more phony?
Just think and one day you'll have bikes and can be part of muh wolfpack ^_^
People who try and hide their funk with perfume or cologne -_-
I just broke 5 drumsticks in one sitting!!
you have 10.6k followers & your only following 401 people…… DAMN. I'm never going to get noticed my Mauricio.
Carissa!!!! Omg yes it's such a good movie and I miss u too, it's nice to hear from you!
I may have said I liked Drake's album, but none of these new rappers have ANYTHING on Wu-Tang
Who has their wrist band for tryouts tomorrow????
I agree she is too nice!
Kinder: “Tracing: the Decay of Fiction” = Ambassador Hotel as archive/repository, combines re-creation w/ documentary evidence
Definitely memorable! Were you in Detroit for the game? RT : Frozen Four. Hands down
All that we are is a result of what we have thought.
haha I remember that!
we are a winning team you fuck head
ServInt Announces the First Commercial Availability of the Jelastic Java Cloud Hosting Platform
Donald I wish I had a dwarf to slap you with. You will NOT compare Pleasure P to Bobby
That double play just saved Bobby the Fifth's head.
We want to be part of this!
when ppl cn realize this parent ish ain't no joke..
and we can have "who's eurasian kids got more talent" competitions at the barbeques?
okay I will!
Truth....it may be the traditional path but not the only one.
Intense farmers tan all the time
If I don't run into a Housewife or Kardashian this summer things will NOT be okay.
i dont know if i can deal with any type of TECHNOLOGY I JUST WANT A CAR THAT DRIVES AND IS POSSIBLY SATELLITE RADIO CAPABLE
Couple builds strength, endurance - Daily News - Galveston County
Thanks for the follow
Sunday double-poll time! #Milwaukee couples: What's the hardest part about #wedding planning? How can we help?
Know anyone who bought a Kia?
Why not replace with ?
its up to youu : )
Step Two: Plan. Think about what you will eat before you are hungry. Eliminate opportunities to give into last minute cravings.
oh I wanna go too.
fuck an apology i'm not sorry for anything.
not sure if I will do my own or go 2 kickboxing or spin tonight.
RT Your NOT wroth all these tears
Uh. Yeah. I'm gonna eat dinner then I'll be on thy way.
We have video of the tornado in Magdalena. Watch #KOB4 right after golf.
Now I have a better understanding of why you're as awesome as you are.
I believe it is impossible to make sense of life in this world except through art. –Daniel Pinkwater
They say you think them niggas you wit is wit you & I say HELL YEA
BREAKING: Some Republicans actually signed the recall petition for too. Believe it.
Good Morning. It's your day. Make the best of it!
Oh, wow... that would be an autocorrect blooper right there...
“: 3rd place. Feed me.”. Congrats!
oh so many! is one that comes to mind quickly...otherwise drop us an email and we can chat more ideas!
yeah some patient ass oldish cuban lady.
you need to play a song on me.
"In accordance with the principle that good is rewarded and evil is punished, the perpetrators sooner or later receive retribution as well."
TONIGHT - Rock the Bells with Special Guest DJ's Beufie, Amy Lopez, Jon-E Rockit & LAD along with Lotus Resident DJ's XES & Justin George!
RT : What story do you want to tell?
gotta say Netflix rules, nothing like calling customer service and getting someone actually trying to solve your problem. Thanks!
I'm moving to San Antonio, wife will need job, what is unemployment there?
On the road again.
Mariano Rivera might be the only player in baseball who gets a standing o every time he appears in a game.
keeping us Yankee fans across the country informed and up-to-the-second on breaking news and scoring updates.
Great CrossFit workout today! Shoulders are a little sore but I can feel the fat dissolving! Hahaha! Gotta stay away from cake & doughnuts!
read up on black radical feminism+did manuscript edits as fished Potomac, Sat. cooking and via DVR.
muni driver of car 1529 telling passengers that if they want to get in he isn't opening doors.
Why did I ever think night class was a good idea? Especially history
Of course last time I was in #la I took the 704 to Dodger stadium and that was fantastic.
Time-Lapse Video of Anish Kapoor’s Towering London Sculpture Being Assembled (where does all this money come from?)
hang in there buddy.
that's a great one! Monty Python and The Search For The Holy Ratchet
not looking good for those sixers
I am a burrito enthusiast extraordinaire!
I miss you :(
You'd think that with so much unemployment employees would treat their customers better, specially customer service people...
"Twitternoia": not revealing information in your tweets (like being out of town) to prevent bad people from targeting your home.
LookAtMeNow! Do you mean LookAtBieberNow ?! :D
What did you have for breakfast?
The Editing Fairy has been going through Crooked Letter Crooked Letter "correcting" the copy. IT'S PATOIS, YOU IDJIT! Whar's mah gun?
imma changed man.......i kno u aint gone eva get back we me lok but we can still be real good friends
The temperature will go the other way today as temperatures fall around 15 degrees from our highs yesterday.
Ha ha, heard that one!
Ron Roenicke. Year 2. Braun will get thrown at much more. Different year.
twitter thinks we're similar.. How peculiar. How hv u been?
This sucks I think I'm getting sick!:(Its because every time I get off an airplane I get sick!I keep coughing and sneezing!-.-
“: Lame niggas be quiet!”
We cannot learn from one another until we stop shouting at one another - until we speak quietly enough so that our words can be heard as wel
you forgot to tag #US... Just sayin..
Organized my desktop...omg Dx
can I be 35 and married to you know who already? <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008E>
I added some text and a bunch of comments. Much easier to brainstorm than condense--whew!
There are fingers coming out of the boobs of
Now included in Reference Universe, by popular request: Grove Music Online and Grove Art from
Really missing Rondo.... damn
hahaha and I'm pretty sure a topaz is a gem, so how do you liquify a gem? No way this Meyer graduated anything
Its a NEW day. And Its gonna be a good one.
Just won $100 being caller 12 for 's Workplace Payoff! Thanks guys!
For doin it for fun, you're as dirty as it gets. Ataris anyone?
#OneTreeHill series finale <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5> WE HAD A GREAT 9 years together !! Never will forget you OR the series :/
Dope mix with P Locke! Ill talent from Duval!
p.s. that's one of those sentences where you could add a comma and make it completely hilarious - "street lady"
NOT - Freeze Me (Freestyle)
that white only shit is obsolete.
I know the answer, but do u?
Andy Stanley this morning. Wow...
West Room!
DETERMINED to finish before 11:00 so I can go to bed before the crack of dawn
news: I tried hot yoga for the 1st time Tues. Dh joined me on Thurs. we are both totally hooked!
Tonkin Parts Center - 90+ dogs and 50+ hamburgers Hungry crowd!
Hey Kris Mineau - don't get any ideas you fucking pile of shit. This isn't North Carolina.
right? Look at that ring! And he's sweet as can be, AND he knows how to stick up for his woman when she's upset.
Cookies & Milk , Yummy In my Tummy aha
Extremely tired after a GREAT weekend!!! Filmed my brother's amazing pilot, Poetri In Motion.
How can u judge me if u don't even know the real me?!? Confused!
If you need any help using TaskStream, please do not hesitate to contact us at 800.311.5656.
everyone wants to see because they're cute. And play good
fer seemed to pull it together & for once try 2 stay on course & let the other guy implode. that's huge & s/b confidence boost.
Pouring one out for my homegirl
Can You Can You Follow My New Page :)?
Watching criminal minds and all my power goes out and the house phone keeps ringing
ouch! packer game tied
RT Time is running out, hurry up to sign up for my new clinic: Myofascial release and fitness all in one! B.Y.O."Grid"
Stoked on tonight. You all gota come hang tonight|
is now following
what about sidekick?
sunday crusing with the fam, oldies on blast. takes me way back.
Well she can't do to stop me. But I had to pay for everything myself, which sucked, but I did it
Had a great workout today!! :)
Spent the day at Storm King, wonderful weather for outdoor sculpture.
thanks again for all the birthday wishes
Mad booty
Wow... Interviewed him many times. Had no idea he and his wife were in such pain. What a sad story. Hope his family is coping.
Just enjoyed a Wonderful Chipotle burritos lunch w/my Lovey on top of the World!!! We takin over... 415!!
Just changed my avi to the WackAss Lakers colors
PLEASE LET AUSTIN STAY HOME TODAY ;)
What are those ?
it was sincere. coltons not so much
GOP Strategy Meeting: "Men, we can't win on policy so here's the message. Obama is a Black, Gay, Muslim Socialist. Sell it!"
Do you think that women are recruited more? Or just the type of recruitment?
Revolutionary Cleaning has proven itself as the go to carpet cleaning service throughout the state of Florida for the past 3 years.
I love snickerdoodle cookies.
happy thanksgiving!
damn, last bourbon & bacon was in July
couldn't have said it any better.
lolol yeah maybe:)
Haha thank you so much. For everything.
I hope so. I totally need to get one of those for a day.
So sad!RT : Fox News confirms that Monkees Lead Singer Davy Jones is dead at 66.
I'm done with basketball for right now, time for #Scandal &
So what was the point of him throwing chili on ?
with a few hundred of my closest friends
Thx for a great event yesterday (12pm $230 mega). Top-notch dealers and very well run.
Tomorrows Friday!
Is there an earth cam in #lex ?
Months. .MAY..MOVE ..MORE ..MONEY ..MOST MONEY.....MAKE ..MORE ...#MozZy wiT. The M's
meh, there are better voices out there. Granted, he has his own unique tone, but there are better ones.
fml.. this is what happens when you nap too much during the day.. nothing left for the night. =.=
Keep calm and hang on <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
I forgot how delicious lunchbox shots are.
thanks gurl, we'll need it!!
ty and much respect back to you. First by the brotherhood of blues we belong to, second by 2/5ths of M.E.named Scott!!!
Wishing everyone a happy and safe New Years! That said, what was your favorite movie of 2011?
Imma hit the sack yall!! :) Goodnight!
Kip Moore - Something 'bout a truck
Aww man thats like one of my favorite spots
"In exams, we look up for inspiration, down for desperation, left and right for information"
PREACH THE GOOD NEWS OF THE KINGDOM OF GOD (Luke 4:43) Are you ready for God to get in your boat--to late! He is already in amen. #Sir Court
Finally off the train!!!!!
sold another home in Buffalo Grove! if you want yours sold too I am an Expert
Never let a guy define who you are or what your worth<U+2665>
n I was blasted so I was like uh lol
A2: Bounce rate and time on site is huge. If people don't find what they need, they leave!
Lacking people to trust? With a fatal swoop, there's no one.
yea we are doing ok. going up to lousie to eat. i bet you work today huhn
Damn..that was a close one. ... almost didn't make it there my friend lol
Breakfast with the one and only,
18 years of documentaries and news stories accumulated. They're not guilty.
Ima listen to music until I fall asleep.
Congrats to and for your huge Temple Run success! Well deserved.
Imagine a world where EDUCATION was celebrated as much as
Milwaukee loses to El Paso, Texas, as the host site for a national social media convention. Milwaukee is the alternate site.
YES! it is! I want more but I'm so full :(
GOING TO MIAMI OR BEEN TO MIAMI IN 2012? THEN LIKE THIS PAGE, IT'S FOR YOU! :D
I fuckin love the arkham city demo... The way batman fights is so awesome...so fluid haha
In a session
On this day remember that there is an invisible enemy whose ultimate goal is to keep you complacent and blissfully unaware.
Average association spends only 4.1% of budget on technology.
La la la la, la la la la Elmo's World^.^
Cleopatra needs your help! We will be at #dtla City Hall this Friday at 10am and we need as many supporters as possible. DM me for details.
#np the used.
You have an idea for the release date yet? RT : The Mixtape is titled #SonOfAGun like the show...
Thanks for checking out the trailer & thank you for recommending it. You two are both awesome!
ewww its raining!!!!! :P
Just booked a role in Talyor Hackford's film "Parker" staring Jason Statham and Jennifer Lopez. Nice to be workin' again!
wa it's really been freaking long:( Ima dm you!!
running 5 miles and biking 4 never felt so good especially with my training buddy half marathon here we come.
haha oh yea that's right. Your like 5 hours ahead of me
yeah I'm not sure how soon it's gonna be bc she wants me to help he with the yard work, so I may be getting my tan here <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
Player to be named later. He could be included in a current trade, but have the Brewers wait to announce their half of it.
You don't make sense :P and way to text me back, dork.
bad boy new artist of the year signed.
Woohoo...just topped 1000 fans! Thank you thank you everyone...
RT : Kick ass party with this Friday at <<— evening's soundtrack courtesy
Lawlz or nobody answer me
OMG Just Got Back From The Fair! I Was There From 4:30 Too Now. I Feel Sick =(
cool. we're getting an imac for the office and might need to upgrade the RAM so I am looking into resources.
and I rocked the RAW Showcase last night. Inlush designs are amazing and Biviana is so sweet!!!!! Hope to be invited again
“: uqh i hate when i eat all of somethinq then dont have no more of it >_< lbs” you big <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00B6>
there are free #Metro reflector #slapbracelets available!!!! We must find some
is getting ready to stay at The Disneyland Hotel for the next five days!
RIP Junior
Just learned former NY Mayor Rudy Giuliani will endorse Tommy Thompson at a presser in Mke tomorrow, according to a source
Lots of fog this morning - have a safe commute Seattleites!
Tucker Max not Ticker Max, but I left that on. What a pun. Blow your ticker on Tucker!
I was thinking about how I would dance to Britney Spears for my tryout I got so weak thinking about everyone elses too! Lmbo.
Salt Lake City.... Here we come:)
Cause just like the clouds my eyes will do the same if you walk away every day it will rain, rain, raaaa-a-a-ain.
I wonder if they sent Ortiz to the showers up 7-1?
It's our last #SAAA meeting before summer break! Follow as I live tweet talks by local archaeologists Chuck Meide &!
I like teachers that allow me to use my iPod during class..
keeps pointing his remote out the window pushing the fast-forward button but spring isn't getting here any faster. >>
Considering filtering all mail with the word "webinar" directly to trash. I have no interest in listening to sales reps drone on for 30 min
The President knows where to go to get the youth vote:
'Abdu'l-Bahá is at Grace Methodist Episcopal Church, West 104th St., to talk to the International Peace Forum.
mainnee, when i'm bored i do some pretty stupidd shit lol
so host it yourself with ddns and transfer the domain. Problem solved :)
Been in bed all day, sick as fuck
Oh my goodness gracious... #LovesIt!!!!!!
2more dayz twitches we bout to clown tomorrow is a full day of pampering o can't wait!
The secret of getting started is breaking complex overwhelming tasks into small managable tasks,and then starting on the first one.M.Twain
Only 22 D-I Athletic Departments were profitable last year. Alabama raked in a $31.1 Million profit.
My account is trippin SERIOUS BALLS :o
I need a girlfriend.. * starts crying *:(
#thingsithinkofonadailybasis "this needs bacon"
I mentioned yesterday that Cubs are last in MLB with 5 home runs...also last in majors with ONE save (tied with Angels & Padres)
Those are the eyes I want my future wife to have, clueless.
#lunch is in 53 min, which means the day will be almost 1/2 done...hey who's counting?
It takes people a long time to learn the difference between talent and genius, especially ambitious young men and women. ~Louisa May Alcott
can't wait for a
hey sorry i didn't follow you before lol, but hey and follow me back :)
I hear ya. Good luck bro
Thanks to everyone who came out to finn mccool's last night. We had a blast. Going to be there again next thursday! See you there!
Yes sir and the crowd is moving tonight!
having fun making an animated image!
Good morning, all. Hope you're having a good start to your weekend. Mine is rainy this morning, which is nice too.
Respect for the fragility and importance of an individual life is still the mark of an educated man
see you on September 10 Fort Jackson Sc
Had a great session today with getting them vocals knocked out :-) www.starlightstudiosorlando.com
RT : nice to see u sticking around town for the weekend! Enjoy the sights sounds of da SD!
agreed. Long way to go
I followed her now follow me plz
Avengers was amazing!! OMG!!
Wow #BullsFam that was bad!! They just have to bounce back and get their defense in order for game 3 on Friday!
"Boggle, I don't think we sell that here."
Digital + Physical workplace = "Phygital Workplace" - Ken Young ,HOK
A HARD MAN is good to find : wanna get ripped for summer? check out my boy . He' s a mad genius
I was looking for things to make for a friend's birthday until I was told peanut butter and nuts are out. BO.
19,000+ tweets. Someone murder me. RIGHT NOW.
Can I please just be 18 already and moove out of this fucking place!
#MauTo10k go follow him he's hot <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
i need some money boa .
Maybe we should see if England will take us back. Its obvious that we can't govern ourselves anymore.
First there is a mountain, then there is no mountain, then there is
What if I dislike my city? Is there a way to start ALL over from the beginning? I didn't know how to play at first...HELP!
Finding out the day before that I have matching camp tomorrow. <
Hasn't snowed much but there was a bag floating through my backyard which was almost as beautiful.
We all have a front row seat to life let's fully enjoy our tickets
its ok lol
My #libraryschool anonymity is gone forever! Hooray!
How do you teach passion?
How do we join your organization?
Hey ! Thanks for the RT! This business has the #RickyBobby Seal of Approval!
#UniqueBride in Burlingame is having a liquidation on Bridal Gowns, party dresses, bridal accessories and more. got great deals yesterday!
Ewwww, Max and Ruby is on.
I didn't make u fall it aint my fault......lol.
Thank you!
As far as I am concerned, you are all mothers. Have a great day tomorrow. And every day after that.
Someone once said to me, "Your too pretty to be single." I said, "No, Im to pretty to be lied to, cheated on, and played with"
wish he would wake up -_-
Derrick Rose choking on a free throw and Chalmers winning the battle, I think I've seen this somewhere before...
#ShitNewOrleansGirlsSay I got dat trade or I got dat sponsor !!!
RT : lol I need to get my social life back
lol you make a valid point
#YOTM WE R N DA BUILDING
Settling in for a romantic valentines day at the game.
Deadline calling APOLLO 18 "acclaimed" is the funniest joke I've heard all day.
lmfaoooo, funny but gross “: That awkward moment when Bella has her period and Edward uses her tampons as tea bags.”
Oh god bless you Billy Crystal. Finally they brought the perfect host back
ugly too
Congrats to #CNNDialogues partner on a job well done!! Inspiring message and able to implement ASAP!
It's my reading for #AAS219. I'll just hand it over when I'm back/done.
Hitting the big city of Charleston today.
Baby oh baby we hit these free throws and its over! Clipper Nation rise up!
Remember when we beat the shit out of Lebron. That was fun.
Dear Google Books: of all the pages you should display for free, one should be the publisher info. Next, the table of contents. Thanks.
That's good
alright well thanks for tellin me.. See ya tomoorow
Contact us to see how your gambling efforts can get your room comped in the future!
Am I the only one that doesn't see the humor in this Dixon roast? It's embarrassing and a statement on Baltimore's cronyism.
You are awesomely beautiful.
Just finished presenting to our board of trustees. Now for some much needed down time.
So glad to be rid of that pesky sunshine.
not really surprised. The proof is in the pudding!
Everyone should pick up a copy of the issue of Coming soon!! Also stay tuned for tickets to their #Splashion event.
Howlin for you is the opener. Crowd into it.
why would i get madd ?
Multigrain bread from the Breadsmith covered in Smart Balance Creamy peanut butter...lights out...great snack
please call this number 254-716-4646 Please its my friends birthday! :) She would be so happy! :) 58
on avail for #comcast #commercial!!! fingers crossed x)
You have a great week too!
Yes! I love it here. Was born here so this is home.
Great Westside Family Easter Event is tomorrow. Eggs, bunnies, prizes for mom & dad. Maybe even some sunshine. Don't miss it! www.kuik.com
follow and please :D x42
#Medeco - 10th & final question: What is the purpose of the groves/bands located at the upper portion of a Medeco bottom pin?
So much to do... So little time
Amen, brother! Doing it for popularity is a bad idea, too.
Since the first check-in at SXSW Badge Pickup on Thursday, over 5,000 people have checked in 100,000 times in Downtown Austin. /via
I serve no one...before his time
...loud talking, then?
Get it
At Shedd Aquarium!
Do not think he played point guard in the Hockomock League which started this thread
-Thx for the RT guys! Have a great show Fri!!
BOOM. REGISTERED FOR MINECON
Read it, not that convinced, but interesting nonetheless
It was really yummy! I tried the Dr. Greek with no feta or olives and I added chicken. Yummy in my tummy! 370 cals
My head is killin me :( damn mayB it kum from thinkin about Young Nina
I have not heard from to know either.
me too:( every time he tweets it makes me sad on the inside just a little bit..
Its hot in here! >.<
haha, that's awesome
help my friend plz
ha - we all have been to that place!
There's a meetup that my company is hosting in May on Cloud Computing, would you be interested?
TOMORROW! #IUSUW meeting at 6:30 in BH233!! Put it on your calendar! Can't wait to see you there!!
LOL No kidding! Speaking of which, I cannot believe he graded it credit/no credit, which was probably in everyone's favor!
We Just Launched a New Site: www.actorsintensive.com In-person and online coaching sessions available. email me:
It's a feature not a bug. ;)
...maybe ill do something weird with it and enter it in specialty if its too smokey. not sure about the meeting yet.
Lets make a Declaration that the Generational Curses in our life Shall Be Broken off in Jesus name.
Why would I need you when I have food??
Trying some #American made #vodka tonight from #Minneapolis very smooth
Hope yu guys Kill it out their..!!!!! Wish 2 actually c yu guys in person 1 day!! Well Good Luck
Fuck Robin playing OF in no doubles set with no outs. I can understand w/ man on 1st, but Cabrera only got on on blooper. Bull shit.
Best viewer correction today: Baby rabbits are commonly called kits. Baby hares are called leverets.
#IADMIT that i'm single but i will stay single if i have to
Looking for a social media-heavy marketing gig for a west MI arts organization? Great organization- sweet job. Let us know.
The clock runs out in the second with the #Amerks still looking for their first goal. #Marlies lead 2-0. SOG: 23-20
Crowd at capitol estimated at 62,000
doctor. Wallace Stevens was insurance in Hartford.
I heard Nolan fixed that. I remember the first trailer where he escapes from the plane, I couldn't understand him
ATTENTION ALL MY TWITTER FRIENDS FOLLOW MY HOMIE ....ONE COOL ASS DUDE XOXO
u price for the nite
Everything is set for the January 2012 New Year's Resolution Cleanse. Info @ www.21daypurificationprogram.com
I'm a materialist. :)
when is wordcamp baltimore?
“: Happy National Siblings Day”
RT : Amy Richards: "As much as there is a war on women, there is a culture of protection of masculinity."
not sure which one but when you get time check me out on my page www.reverbnation.com/jewallep tell me what you think.
you bet it does it quadrupled my Facebook requests! Go figure....
makes user experience better. And for most users (e.g. fac and students) that alienates them from using computers creatively.
Yay! Of course, Sarah!
Young Loving it tonight?
this is real this is me
Subject matter experts don't know everything, they're just experienced people committed to seeking new knowledge and exploring new ideas
I didnt know there was a game on
get paid!!!
Please if you find the video of him saying he's bi tweet it! My friend & I have been trying to convince stupid ppl this! (;
Hey Quentin!! Hope you are having a great day!! Thanks for the follow!! =)
I'm going to kill twitter!!!!
If you're gonna make a hybrid car, don't make it look like an ugly spaceship.
- will Stonum be back next year?
Beginning in the womb, the fatty acids that fish oil provides assist with brain development.
No, I was planning to embed on a bus but alas, schedule-wise it won't work. So no #SXSWi or StartupBus for me this yr. But TY!!
God is Infinitely great and Jesus is infinitely worthy
Two parties, two exams, and 544 miles later. I think its time to take a nap.
thanks for #ff! have a good #Rangers weekend!
The ideal Parisian hotel is like a macaron--small, colorful, and bursting with individual flavor. -- Travel + Leisure mag, 4/2012
"He was extremely informative on all aspects of the 2 models we were specifically interested in. We test drove both models and he was so...
watching the movie avatar makes me wanna become a blue person:) serioucly sounds like a good life
gorggggggggg - I die.
Absolutely love #catchachevy at
I have no job, haha no future to worry about at this point
looks really cool like you about to reach me!! =-O
Just got home from work, and get to be back in 8 hours. Oh clopens how I love you.
Hey girl, I have a question for ya! I'm trying to take a picture of my nieces...One has a purple dress, other one a red dress...
Excuse me?! You couldn't be more wrong.. I will never hate him. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Read about Natural Weight Loss Remedies also read about Diabetes herbal Remedy and Weight Loss Herbs
Here's to the Mahomies who still have to buy plane/concert tickets just to see their boyfriend.
All rising seniors vote for for senior class secretary. She's the real deal.
your welcome :D <3
don't forget to wish a happy happy birthday!!
Saw that #rstats 2.15 just came out. Not as many new sugary features as 2.14 but it's good to see it moving forward at a fast pace.
Buffalo Chicken Dip Recipe This easy buffalo chicken dip recipe has all the great flavors of Buffalo wings in an easy-to-make dip. This d
I took the advice a friend gave me and helped someone else with it. Too bad i'll never use it.
Omg I need a new phone before I go crazy !
Its almost 5 and I havnt gotten out of bed yet.
Thanks a lot, hoped some of our tips helped out. Be sure to friend us on Facebook as well so you catch our links & resources.
I cant wait untill #WeStandofficialVideo #friday ft I hope this video will make a big change
Lol i have a question for you sir. At some point today could you get me the liberty pass using your internet at home?
I heard 1D might have to change their name. :o
Gotye - Somebody That I Used To Know (feat. Kimbra) - official video
Shout to all of #BBN, we broke the record number of visits on our website for 1 day. Thanks to all of our followers. Go Cats!
Just got done eatin taco bell : pizza ;my stomach gone be fuck up. Seafood to dang
I'm ready to hear the Jay-z X Kanye West "watch the throne"!Anyone else ready?
RT : Never bend your head. Always hold it high. Look the world straight in the eye. ~ Helen Keller
Lol that didn't last long.
The best way to #showyourheart is to write a love poem and slip it under her door.
Faith will produce when God is lord:)
thanks so much Brad!
its all been done and its all been said.
Felt like a little kid on Xmas when my Hyperwear weight vests/sandbells arrived yesterday Thx 2 4 showing me these GREAT products
Getting ready to head swimming I wonder were is?
You're a great people herder! You're cute so that helps!
IT'S LIKE POETRY IN MOTION!
I got fuckin Mario cart at my house lmao same game different house haha
Was sorry to hear about Steve Jobs, but so grateful for his impact on our lives.
Buttecup and Creme' are starting to show ,I do believe !!
hi lady S! how are you?
Stop saying "Web 2.0" and calling yourself a "Guru." Both are essentially meaningless.
If I had to choose only one font to use the rest of my life it would be DIN. Is it based on the golden proportion?
Yesterday is a kid in the corner.
Success is not about building a large organization thanks, # bmorefail
good times & good memories of someone or with someone are hard to let go period... idc what nobody says
Does anyone know of any Great french toast recipes? I know its very simple... but Im trying to find some interesting twists :-)
After 10 yrs @ leading edge, validation I am right on with weight train for neurological training for recovery. clinical trial New Orleans
What Bats game you watch? RT : 3 W day!!
I know a few things to make u smile.. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
You killed it!
Absolutely! When that might be is another story. Can't do my schedule until I get IGS booth schedule done.
I just started The Ivy this morning! More fun now that I am in Boston and actually run into Harvard students from time to time...
ok cleaned up now reading
(omg. the cleaning lady. where has she been all my life?)
Song dedicated to you called "OCHO CINCO" -You are on the same album as Grammy Winner !www.thecincybrassmusic.com
i'm not beautiful! i don't like me :/ but thank you my sweetie :) <U+2665>
Can someone please give me a shout out? I follow back(:
Mmnnnn. What kind of brownies tho?
i end up buying it all. cant get it together
I just finished a bowl of cereal here. :-) RT : Did someone say breakfast?
first of all , dead at your avi . and sure loool
Probably a way to tax walking MT once covered a bill to make walking the Md state exercise. Ehrlich vetoed, O'Malley signed
we need a day off! i'm going saturday in new jersey!
Just got my new dumb phone. Receiving calls and texts again but lost my contacts
Add this to it --- "44 minutes ago from UberTwitter" is when I read the post!
Thanks for the #FB Curie :)
so glad to hear that!!! send us a pic of your uggs next time you get them on - cant wait to see!
Mad Men! Great way to spend vacation.
Only cool gaga fan I follow (;
henry-come be on the #1 show in detroit! please:) we'd love to have you!
lmaoo for reals fuck a book im gona come out w a video
"Senior Year"
Wouldn't you know it? In the 20 mins. since I posted my new blogs, the Santorum BJ pic gets 27 hits, the Gene Vincent blog 7 hits! Smh....
HAHA they are. Oh gahddd fine fine fine.
Hey guys, we're driving around Vegas passing out free CDs. Let us know if you want one or just say hey! :D
do u hate me
looking up piano music and printing it. for now my goal is a song a week. we will see how that goes.
I swear I wanna say how I really feel but it just dont seem worth it...smh
But a solid #OhHi to the 39%. RT : Ugh to North Carolina.
I don't think has used one yet.
Jim is whitening his smile right now- when is it your turn?
I spent 80$ today. :/
This old man is weird
@ Michael Buble concert
10 yrs ago Impact meant physical services. 21st Century Problems require intentional use of information/digital tools to improve lives.
Isn't this a holiday for you? HAPPY 57TH BIRTHDAY ALLEN FIELDHOUSE!! JAYHAWK NATION LOVES YOU!!!
I've been reporting about 5 spambots every couple of hours
Interesting in raising money for SEA and Eastside groups and charities? We may have the answer.. Email Subj Charity
Where are you having your New Years brunch at?
I'm surprised u notice me from inside the bus.!<33 i needa tell u something check ur inbox after u read dis.(:
You tweeted a photo! I'm so proud!
The Princess and the Frog is on ((= *yay* ^_^
This Grape/Mustache combination is working out really well. Template ALL the APIs.
Thank You
Paid Sales Internship. Come in, 8:30 on Monday, if you're good you'll be selling by 9 am. Interested?
I went to the unenjoyment office today and they said 2 weeks until my next check? I wonder if #Kappy's will spot me a 30 pack of #PBR Suds:)
What are your 2 cents? (Or 140 characters?)
Humoring during Lance Dublin's keynote
We pretty girls were placed on this Earth to have a good time! And those who say other wise!! Well.... They simply don't matter! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
#ediscovery is a specialty just as antitrust... you can't dabble in it. You wouldn't have your GP do brain surgery! per ^BM
Beautiful afternoon to leave work early and go home to the #farm!
fort sanders fest
To the dick that got the 'Small Wonder' theme song stuck in my head at 7am: can't wait to piss on your grave!
it's a contract thing, expiring at the end of the month as well as having a very old phone. How long to wait for this year's?
I hope we get to
I'm leaving your ass >.>
Helping to heal.
Brrr <U+E048> its cold out! Come in and grab a cup!
if there's one place I can always go to find a friend, it's there
I have 5 tickets for tonights #Bucks game courtesy on The United States Marine Corp. Late notice but Text me if you want them. 414-732-6681
Alright, I don't want to but I guess I'll give back its twitter page... I had so much fun! See you all next year!
Team tourism took home six PR awards at today's PRSA SE WI chapter Paragon Awards.
S/O to the new follower (: Follow her!
If I were being tested today (Monday)- I truly failed. The enemy popped up in the most unexpected circumstances.
Thanks for your support!
Have you stopped by the museum lately? If so, what did you think? If not, come on over! Members park and tour for free, btw! :)
Happy mothers day to all the moms out there
We would love to invite you to bring the kids to the Red Carpet screening for #SMITTYTHEMOVIE, a fun family rescue dog movie.
In 6 hours I have to go to work :(
I'll never understand how you were able to just walk away from me when you supposedly loved me
On my way to school.
Hey, Troy, can you DM me your email?
Found a winner for the distinguished 1790 Depressing Life Award: Andrew Jackson, 6 Children, 1 Room, Poor, Sells Garden Seeds at Market.
how.. u never have before! lol.
Merry Christmas everybody!!! Love to all, ho ho ho!
Dog lost on Greenway trail is safe and sound at home!
Amazing gig at Gilt Bar with & We had a great crowd. Thanks to all who came out!
girl hand me my scissors you kno how i do!!!
Fool me once... : I heard two words on the MSM news that should not have been in the same sentence..JP Morgan and Bailout”
my dog snores really loud. Haha
i made this account to support you! please follow me! im a big fan! <3 93
And the award for Most Adorbs Actor goes to...Jason Segel. Love love.
do nothing for millions!!
When I hear somebody sigh, Life is hard, I am always tempted to ask, Compared to what?
Inhale the good shit, exhale the bullshit.
MT : When I see a twitter bio that says "Opinions expressed are mine alone," I think, "That guy must have some unique opinions."
hey michael, sent you an invite, did you get?
First films are something we've come to appreciate here. A solid recommendation for anybody out there is Polanksi's A KNIFE IN THE WATER.
Thanks for the retweet the other day!
can u please give hugs to leonard hugs for me and tell him to activate his twitter!!!!!!! Lol i love him
if you're not in my circle, you're a square
aw yay im happy to hear that :D
#thevoice plus left over cake batter is a great combo!!! <U+E404>
Those Rothko cookies are fantastic!
Cavs looking flat and stagnant tonight thus far they don't have "it" I hope that they find it at halftime
thanks for sharing these. it's nice to see how things are coming along...
If we could see the wonder of a single flower clearly, our whole life would modify.
psh as if anyone/anything could keep someone away from Sammy. #ratpacklove Although whatever happened to 'bros first'? ouch
Thanks! just sent out the logins and already a dozen new students online. Here we go!
Congrats to our friends at for acquiring and protecting the
Hey bar singer...stick to covers. You lost the room
RIP Grandad, I will NEVER forget you. And I will ALWAYS love you. I miss you. <3
What One Direction has given me: Tears, sexual frustration, dead ovaries, tears, happiness and a family I call the Directioners.<U+2665>
now everyone realizes how awesome high school was after they've shit on it the past few months.
Student jobs? Yes on campus, w/ area families (kids!) or w/ nonprofits. 10-12 hr/week is good. Being a student is a full time job!
It really gets you, doesn't it!? The audio book is AMAZING, too, Davina Porter is magical!
genuinely hates Wisconsin.
I'm watching TV and my parents are both on their laptops. Funny to think how we would have to cope, say, 100 years ago without those things.
Phoenix is working its way into some heated weather. It will be over 100 degrees by Saturday... What's the summer gonna be like...
Happy to help! Hope to get that resolved for you soon.
Every kiss begins with Belgian chocolate. Galler, Leoonidas, Neuhaus and Nirvana on Chocolate Library shelves now. 111 St. Marks Place
Jeal! Let me know how they are- I'm sure fucking phenomenal.
where in LA are u?!
You know where I'm from? Parts unknown....Parts UNKNOWN!
Not a fan of Kentucky but this team is FUN to watch.
Tenacious defense being played by both squads. Nothing coming easy around the basket. All tied at 16 with 5:14 in the half.
“: I feel like poop today!!!” "U like getting pooped on!?" that's gross heath!? What ever floats ur boat homie!? Lmao...
Get out of my head.
2 run double by Ben Carl gives Memorial a 2-0 lead over Cy Woods as we move to the bottom of the 5th
Best #fye2012 sessions for me today: Validation Theory w/John Pryor from HERI and High Impact Practices with UW-GB. What were yours?
#tweetsnobodythoughttheydlivetosee RT Pirates tickets are spoken for. Sorry folks.
but forgiveable if ur not mr Lauber.i wonder what he recalls
We duped that dorm director. Remember when Blaine was put on probation?
m you've got choices son!
rice krispies yum
RT : Anything y'all wanna know, listen to the album! July 3rd!
"Happy girls are the prettiest."
RT : I don't remember doing this before but right now I am watching NASCAR. Daytona 500 at night is pretty cool.
Lakers need to get in the paint
Proclamation presented to Brigadire Jerry
what did you do?...lol
connect with me at .
After 25 years, 's University Place & Conference Center will close. Find out what's next for the facility News at 10
Working on the new logo this week, should be released at the end of the week. E-mail suggestions/ideas to .
my 16th birthday party
A little jealous of all of my industry friends who were at last night. Wish I could have made it!
Getting my gardening gloves ready for tomorrow's volunteer stint at #Waukesha Retzer Nature Center Cc:
some people think they are the only ones who can get mad. btdubbbs love your tweets.<3
Ohio State loses top recruit Alex Anzalone - Mansfield News Journal
#90sproblems - When you call someone, the person has to figure out if the person youre calling is home
i cut a few funny moments in the film just for you, eddie ;) thanks for your support ~ chico
thank you for following us, if anyone needs any assistance in finding a great place in Astoria we would like to know!
Only second loss in team history. Season ends.
Merry Christmas, Twitter! Sending love to all of our followers! <3
Hansen shows "Recorded Future," corporate precog service that creates "timeline of the future" from social media sentiment.
There u go rose, get back in that groove
Have you told a friend to tell a friend about the Miss Caribbean US Beauty Pageant 2012??
This sweet cream has been reconstituted into Parkay.
Ever have a customer bake you a pie and bring it in to work for you!? Thats how our customers take care of our staff! Nice work, Ty!
Was it black-and-white or one of them newfangled color TV's?
Ima start a riot, ima start a riot!!
Not yet. I'm working on a theme right now. Launching in May. Mens' grooming.
SXers, we r closed 2day, but open at 7 am tmrw/Mon, right on campus, to clean all your rain-soaked clothes w/in 24 hours. Come in!
CBS's Xfinity Monday Live guest tonight will be former Broncos All-Pro Center Tom Nalen. Come join us! Tavern Downtown 6:30-7:00.
Thank you for the mention, Marine. Have a great Thursday!
chillin bro when u tryin to do a track wit local nobodies
um.....coffee
A1: We raised awareness in NYC of our work on the Coney Island Carousel via social media. Made friends, not $$
Got that curling wand. So stoked to try it out!!
I can relate!!!
>> I hear and I forget. I see and I remember. I do and I understand. ~ Confucius: >> "Have A Good Week!
THANKX for the follow ....
Baby it's cold outside
Oranges have an alkalizing effect on the body. Why not start the day with a glass of orange juice?
Guess which sophomore at York has an #iPhone game in the App Store?
An idea who's time has come! RT : I remember joking a few years ago about wanting an "upgrade #drupal core" button.
they were 20x even better live!!
I'm tired... too tired to get my ass off the couch, walk upstairs, and climb into bed. And that's just sad.
Thunder got this <U+26A1>
and congrats on Ur first ETF show
Its how I will not delete my twitter. But I will delete my facebook in a hart beat
- the government is very adept at throwing money at a problem resulting in negligible, nonexistent and/or negative results.
More married women join the cheating website Ashley Madison the day after Mother's Day than any other day. So remind dad to appreciate mom.
living in Indiana....that's the only views you'll see.
To all the Heat "fans" that said Bosh doesn't make a difference on the team, I hope you're happy.
*puts gun to head* BANG!
Top Fam checkin' in... you good?
Do not measure yourself against anyone else
Please stop that. Thank you.
Too many great people died in the past 24 hours. Sleeping pill tonight.
but thanks for chating. Maybe I'll contact ya later for advice or a job. But seriously thanks
Good move. How could anybody be that stupid
Last night & this morning have been full of great people, beautiful women, and serious insights.
If your happiness depends on what somebody else does, I guess you do have a problem.~Richard Bach
Great! Thanks for offering to help at the event. Would you DM me your email? Thanks!!
Party tonight ;)
Damn. That's good.
Funny is funny on any platform. EVP comedy central
no problem! And thanks, it's Getting there
girl, is Hannah Rowan a sister of yours by chance?:) -g
Wishing a great opening in Houston tonight!
yea don't forget him & I know were we can take the 4 wheelers if Ur dad will let us
When I'm not playing music for bitches... I listen to fuck up my radio!
pic of my florescent pink squirrel socks of power are on FB :) just say'n
If you're hot and thirsty, your pet is too! Give the little critters of the world... WATER!!!
Saif, what is the latest in your home search?
Joe Colborne has three assists in three games for the Toronto Marlies
I'm trying to read it free (amazon prime member) but the only options I see are buy or wish list
Moved to new office + changed website = me not on twitter very much lately. Still refining the changes...www.Angela-russell.com
broke my promise. working now.
Free Penthouse stay, complimentary breakfast for two, evening cocktails on your own private terrace, butler service, and luxury...
that made my mouth water.
try to pair your visit with another activity or event besides just the game. It's nice, but not same ambiance as reg. games.
HEY #USF STUDENTS Looking to make extra #CASH ?? WE HAVE JOBS! Msg us your email and well send you the details :D
beautiful snowy morning, sugar cookie sleigh ride herbal tea, Nat King Cole holiday Pandora station... Now, that's the way to start a Friday
Mayn I'm on my last popsicle :(
Mimi Kirk up next Interested to hear her live #healthy tips!
:O I'm so freaking excited.
Great panel talking about 504's & schools w/ #foodallergies. Thinking about inclusion and emotions
This wknd w/friends was like a great 1st date. I'm already thinking about next time & I can't wait to do it again.
Did you know that one of the most effective treatments for ADHD is regular exercise? A healthy body promotes a healthy brain :)
Way to look out for your sister and Happy Birthday Carpe Diem both of you!
Thanks to everyone who came out to day to celebrate our 60th anniversary. There will be more food, fun and sale prices throughout the week.
I still have remnants of stage makeup on from last night. Cant care... Going to class.
RETWEET this Tweet to be entered into a drawing to win a FREE NIGHTS STAY at the SpringHill Suites Chicago River North!
They are on the way! You and Max are too cute not to feature!
Heckuva good time at the Calvert City Gun Club with the "Sportsmen for Edelen". Shot well and enjoyed the company.
“: RT : “: RT : RT : RT : If you're so damn independent, eat your own pussy.”
Joshua will be OK. He doesn't need to win #Idol to achieve great things. Just look at
what haircolor.. btw its emmaly here.. my other account <U+2665>
Why do I always feel like I am doing a lot, and yet never enough? Guess that means I am on the right path, just need to change perspective.
everyone go wish happy birthday!
why is it every time I hear Newt speak I want to vote for him? He would crush Obama in a debate
Badgers better step it up... March madness is no joke
There have always been regional differences in both parties. Sometimes it manifests itself more starkly, like 2012.
For every one amazing play like Javelle McGee just made, he will give up 3 just like it!
Ohio schools are 3 for 3 in the tourney so far. Xavier will try to make it a perfect 4 if they beat ND tonite.
with :D
I know it's a little bit frighting, but we might as well be playing with lighting
Those shows are a waste of time and space and effort
Thanks for spreading the Love! :)
Taco Bell's new slogan is "Live Mas." Uh, not by eating there.
Bravo! fantastic perf. Last night to you and cast of Angels in A. " more life"! Yes, please.
Yeah it looks offical but why it dont jiggle
Work, games & fun w/ the gorgeous
Did we really schedule today's retreat meeting for 9am? Am I really the only one who's awake?
I just want some icecream, is that so hard to ask for?
Sometimes it pays to get up early
Justin Faulk is DESTROYING the Worlds with his shot. Beauty of goal on the PP. USA leads 3-0 over Finland.
When I get ready to cry, God always ask me "why"?
Bitches lying on me
please follow she is you biggest fan!96
picture, please
Haha!! Hell to the yeah.... Summer time!
made all 4 goals today at #soccer today including one from mid-field
Lol.. I meant your account?
Exciting Events this Summer include: Kentucky Derby Tourney & Party - Sieg Classic - HUGE Snake & Spooks Fireworks Display
The whole 'closer' title is an overrated one IMO-regardless of the individual-basketball is a team game...
Why are people saying that there is a free show here in LA when its not even true?!
We can prob work something out 4 U. No we do not have any affiliation with verifying twitter accounts. Do you guys verify?
belated thanks for last week's
I have enough native american blood I really should not file for taxes
I have the best friends ever! Wouldnt survive without them <3
tomorrow is the one month anniversary of when you graced Chicago with your prescence! #WeMissYou! <3
I gotta step it up 10x na
Most of his career was spent on IR!!! RT : Former Colts S Bob Sanders is in Jacksonville, visiting Jags today.
Drooling over eel skin shorts on & really starting to regret our Halal Guys/3 macaroon lunch.
i didn't realize i wasn't following u... don't pretend to get all upset at my social media shortcomings. #Denver<LA<PB
#FACT David Koch's father was a founding member of The John Birch Society & Scott Walker is more than happy to take #Koch money!
Soldiers returning to school and adjusting to civilian life. Don't know how to act
Otherwise it's like a band-aid on a hemorrhaging wound
#ShadowUnit episode - yeah! it's here! Like reading Duke's POV & look forward to Day 2...
If he's dumb enough to walk away. Be smart to let him go.
Plants vs. Zombies...highly addictive and lots of fun =]
yes please! Wed?
The winner is: Good interview. Your points are valid but once coaches condone it its an issue.
Check out the Freekshow website. www.freekshowradio.com Click on the titles to hear some entertaining audio. *Explicit Language*
20 More days till i leave :))))))
that a fly car
she was being abusive with me - Mothering
especially considering she was buddy buddy w/ Carly yesterday!
Ahaha i dont blame you! Same! I want so much stuff but i have to wait so long to get the money for it D:
I'm sorry buddy, just seeing this now. The killer isn't a cop, some neighborhood watch guy or something
I personally would buy a Sleeper Pick hair pick but y'know, whatever.
:( I know the feeling... Hope this year u will be surrounded even more by those u Love! Happy 2012!! :-)
Who needs 20 babies? Seriously. god willing or not.
We miss the show!
#10ThingsThatAnnoyMe 4) When ur "friends" don't give u support with anything in ur life
Crying i hate do it but this is a time were it feels right:/
Never be so focused on what you're looking for that you overlook the thing you actually find. Ann Patchett
Ok, I'm calling it a night. Any longer and I'll be forced to call it a morning.
UW Media Center now lends DVDs & VHS (yes, we still have those!) via Inter-Library Loan. Come join us other ARL libraries, lend your media!
hey the sky is yellow & it's raining outside omg it's the prettiest thing.
Thank you very much for the RTs! I appreciate it.
Happy Birthday Oreo! They are 100! On March 6, 1912, the National Biscuit Company sold its first Oreo sandwich cookies to a Hoboken grocer.
MSM would like us to drop the Mittens the Mormon bullying meme, it reminds them of their own nerd high school days, you know being bullyied
Mr. Cao Goes to Washington, then Life Without Principle I think. Then done? Really?
In 1902, anthracite coal miners in Pennsylvania went on strike. (The strike effectively ended in October 1902 with the appointment of an
Anyone have a suggestions for a decent HTML5 bundle for Textmate?
": no worries primo, I cuss like a fucking sailor!!! ;o)" likes to kiss sailors.
RT No, it's not too early to plan your food truck lunch. Let us help:
<----Audio Junkie.
Didn't go to bed till 2 in the morning!!!!!!!
I FEELS YOU ON THAT .
Woke up way too early to go to the gym this morning. Im exhausted! #naptime :)
Delightful revelation of the morning: div id="content" formats text on screen! Who knew? Besides people who actually know code?
Really...Speaker of the House can't even applaud equal pay for BOTH men and woman?
heck yes! Already setting my schedule! The tool on ALA Connect is pretty cool.
Thank you. RT It's linked now. Sorry about that.
thank you for the best shrimp po-boy I've ever had outside of New Orleans!
Money jokes are unfunny on every imaginable level.
Searching through stock photos; some of this stuff seriously baffles me, what you would ever use it for is beyond me
Good point, but after 70 years, I think the witches finally figured out how to cope with such an important necessity as water.
"you look like someones auntie"--
hello hope you are well
plZzzzzzzzz follow me I luv u!!;)
Disclaimer: my previous tweet is NOT referring to 1978 Best Actor nominee Gary Busey.
Thanks for the follow! I love what you stand for! Wishing you #MuchSuccess!
Dripline might just kill me today...
Hey ! Im the VP of Thanks for being a panelist last weekend for our workshop!
donate my carbon saddle back to me.
problem with compostible cups - are they composted? Only a couple municipalities with organized urban composting
INSECURE MUTHAFUCKAS RUIN RELATIONSHIPS! 'baby too dark to be mine" "we only did it ONE time" "I cant have a male/female child" REALLY?
Det hoe gone swallow for a follow
awwwh yeah! mark's in first! get it :D
Help trend #MahomiesLoveAustinsCurlyHair (;
I was going to wait until I was in the mood, but I'm not in the mood to wait until I'm in the mood.
Brandon Weeden is making this look to easy
yeah I realized after I sent that lol least its on th radio :-)
did u listen to her the entire time? And is her 1st performance online?
glad you like it!
#youknowyoareaustralianwhen We never get rid of the sheep jokes any more than we will get rid of the Kiwi jokes about IQ levels in Australia
I got u ma
Terrible towels are now wet with tears.
Feels strange to have moved to reviewer role in faculty retention process.
Yo #Chicago - one of our favorite bands, plays Pancho's (220 N Calif.) at 9 tonight. Be there.
damn I don't recall any of the this action! ^_^
hmm im starting to worry cuz this is really strange:o
Ready to hit the thrift store. I need a trench coat that says diva.
who are you calling a chump, Fag? (:
Might explain why I've felt "off."
before buying, figure out how the device meets your needs. I wanted to be able to read, light browse, email and FB.
What a pretty tree... im gonna hug it. :)
Feel the Rush! Tonight all 80's & 90's music at Rush (formerly Posh Night Club). 80 cent drinks till 11pm.
Don't those kinds of gourds have to be naturally grown? I wouldn't think synthetic molds would be allowed. But what do I know.
Please keep us informed about Mike..
Our Enterprise Development team will give a Brown Bag presentation today, covering core approaches and methodologies of this practice area.
Last night was shameless
Gary Oldman siriusly needs to win an Oscar tonight!
from a mahomiee to another will u please dm austin to ffollow mee it is my life long dream ide do anything for this please <U+2665>
disregard my last tweet!
lol I'm done I'm done
Oh. Awesome. A gift card. It's like money, but I can only spend it where you thought I'd like to.
Just landed another role for a short film
Just visited beyond baroque and SPARC anyone interested in #art in #losangeles should check them out
Why are stress and fatigue considered dangers in police work?
Thank you!
REMEMBER, the breath says YES to the moment. It is essential to keep your breath flowing slowly and consciously.
only McDaniels gives up on high 2nd rounders after the 1st year
How do you tell a good monster from a bad one? If it's a good one you will be able to talk about it later!
Include Marketing as a stakeholder in social media policy development.
I'd have put you on Red or Phaedra
Just seen ol girl thts worth my while
Your good deeds cannot save you! Good ppl dont go 2 Heaven, redeemed ppl do! There's ONLY 1 WAY & its 2 b born again thru the blood of Jesus
swim you wont
Going to the Movies!!
All set for "AFL Picks to Click."
thanks for the message. Sundays 7-9, 95.9 fm, call or message anytime
Xspo Got 280 Likes On His Page. Lets Help Him Reach 300 Today.
Max doubts me )-:
AMAZING! Congratulations - there will be so much good done!
$30 for test $50 with written part
has her first massage this afternoon & is totally not looking forward to it. I don't like strangers touching me.
well then happy tears <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>good for u well not the sick part r u feeling better?
Too many of the wrong things are glorified in the world.
Locked in clocked always on never off fighting from the bottom trying to get to the top the underdog will win one day
Forget Star Wars Day, I can't wait for May Schwartz so we can celebrate Space Balls Day.
If your mom has been doing such a GREAT job, WHY do we have potholes?
oh yeeaaaahhh -_- he thinks am retarded lol and then he comes home with tomato sauce. wen i said 3 cheese haha
Have you heard ??? Now on WBEZ - I am an instant fan!! I know what I'm taking into the field this summer...
Nope. Stop.
Hiya Meghan!! I know! And a lot of the information is "old"
I don't know just being with my dad sometimes can put me in a good mood, or complete opposite. (This time it put me in a good mood...)
thank you!
All Hip Hop Fans .... Go N Follow .... They Are Droppin There Mixtape 2-2-2012 Can't Wait
About time
your welcome :) xx
By now I have more than replaced all of that,because,4 example,a fan will give me something from 1967.It adds up over the years
Awareness exceeds innocence.
Affinity between avant-garde and capitalism as invested in constant and continued innovation--Mary Ann Doane
im so drunk right now i cant even unlock the front door to my house!
Watching football
good night (:
wow! I like that!
OK! Is there a time that works best?
I hope I haven't either, but there are some people who do this on a very regular basis. It's like friend repellent.
Only #NFL can generate buzz based on who "wins" cover of a video game. Based on Madden curse, not sure if I should "congratulate" Megatron.
"Young man, do you think you can handle a variety of work?" "I ought to be able to. I've had 12 different jobs in four months."
Get your fanny to the beach or to the Sandshaker tonight at 10:45 pm to see Brett Eldredge !
Elvis Presley was obsessed with brushing his teeth
Sorry to hear that bro
well u should've stayed ur butt sleep then! ;)
DYK? Tina Allen-Sculptor and painter, and the Thurgood Marshall Lifetime Achievement Award is a member of DST..
I mean, if u want but idk what we Finna do
I just submitted the video for Bad Hair Day!!! Thank you so much! Hoping for some positive feedback!
idea 4 a new Bachelor Pad-style reality show : Heavy Petting Zoo
Shooter - shared from my Sony iPhone remote app
Thanks for the follow, Your new video "These Days are gone" is excellent. Sounds like Uncle Tupelo meets the Pistons.
ha! But he does have a soft spot for cranky journalists ;-)
They say love is the key somebody change the lock well and I wish I never met ya &I heard your doin you & you heard im doin better lil wayne
Start on paper; create an effective campaign! -
When something or someone is no longer adding to your life, but subtracting from it—it’s time to let go.
FINALLY...we acknowledge that our brothers and sisters are worse off then any other race or ethnicity.
It's been hotter then july, word; what profits a man if he gains the world and is himself lost or destroyed ?
The funny (not funny) thing just happened. My Lily is so cute. But she sneezed and pooped her pants while we were walking around melrose
Redneck optimism: Beauty is in the eye of the beer holder.
bottom line is it's your money. Up to you to decide if that's the best way to use it. Incredible realism!
except wisconsin. but then again wisconsin doesn't have pros. when's the last time you heard about the "NBA superstar from wisconsin"?
TO DAY IS OCTOBER 22 AND JUNE 28 IS INTERNATIONAL CAPS LOCK DAY!!!
Build a man a fire, and he'll be warm for a day. Set a man on fire, and he'll be warm for the rest of his life.
If God is on my side, who can be against me? Romans 8:31 TLB
Unless its your seeing eye dog RT There's no reason whatsoever for you to be driving with a stupid looking dog in your lap.
Seems limiting! New Tweeters/followers from diff. industries might not see them as much. I predict 17 more zipper Tweets today! :)
Last exam tonight until after spring break.
thanks for bringing everyone together and inviting me last night! Plus for having and connect. Safe travels!
Hi Tay. I stay at Pan Pacific all the time & love it. (Mayor on Foursquare now) & I were talking about you.
the girl part.
pls tweet from cni! i'll be v interested to hear abt it.
Awesome team meeting in Mukilteo, those are going to be weekly from now on! Meeting in Kirkland with a colleague. Love networking! :)
glad you like. i have an EP coming out Feb-ish. check back..
its my mom but i dont kow why it says her name cause its my email and account
A very Happy Mother's Day from all of us at Purple Cafe, Lot No. 3, and Barrio! Hope all the Mom's and Grandma's are enjoying the sunshine!
- I enjoyed your tweet on monitoring your brand. Good stuff.
For our Loyal/New Clients. Receive a Travel size tube of Aveda Hand Relief when you Check in with us at Connection Salon!!!
School is almost over and I am getting lazy.
My twitter is really messed up #restarting???
#nyapd #f2fconf #artsed pd for arts educators should NOT be closed ended and should NOT take people out of their comfort zone
14 days until the unveiling of Team Hoyts commemorative painting..Purchase 1 of 300 signed lithographs. Contact $299.
Revisiting. In the works right now - the final cut of Distortion.
I hate getting into fights with you...
Ha! FL and NM are both my home territory! There used to be a Bert Reynolds Dinner Theater in Jupiter. He's a FL boy.
We're looking forward to it! I hope we carve out some time to make those friendship bracelets...
Swaaaaggggg ! And yeah Ima get you a ticket !
Good to hear you had a great team. Makes all the difference. Fun weekend of bday (daughter) and other celebrations planned.
I'm heading to #upceamktg- it'll be my first time in #Vegas so I'd def love to hear some ideas of things to do!
Holy moly you are fast on the retweet! lol
Thanks. Live the pix
My body feels so sore ._.
Ha, yes officer.
The toughest part of getting to the top of the ladder, is getting through the crowd at the bottom. - Anonymous
Aslan is on the move. Believe it. His Kingdom is coming.
ya so far i'm havin a great time being single kz i get to hang out with my new friends & i dont have to worry about anything
Family-Friendly Honda CR-V Narrowly Outpoints Mazda CX-5 in ...
is great as Alice, she really brought Stephanie's character alive
#aasl11 in the learning commons formspring - you can ask questions anonymously
Early bird reg for this year's #sdp2p event ends Sept. 13. To take advantage, register at www.pathsreg.org.
Still sounds like they need some time to get everything up and running, don't they?
This lady came out with jello shots and straight up ignored me after i asked for one, what a bitch >:I
Tatoo appointment with Fatty himself set for 4 pm. Nice.
oh god that's precious.
I Told Yu I'll Hold To Hand lop
Nicely done, Jeff.
Seriously THEY KISS THE CHICKENS.
Hm I see...it was that booty that got you that baby
Good Morning and Happy Thursday!!!
President Obama is as a man on a deserted island. He is yelling as loud as he can and nobody is listening.
Written in a cheeky way, not offensive. Catchy headline for fitness offer that I wouldn't be interested in.
Liked it when nobody had my name. Though it was cool to hear the customer service rep answer the phone "this is Jordanna". Huh? So is this!
#DearTaylorSwift Your Speak Now concert was amazing! I can't wait to hear more music and hopefully see you on tour again! :)
you had me for a second.
I have an alternate outfit planned, but I'm kind of hoping I can just stay in my awesome dress all day. :)
With knowledge you understand and appreciate whatever. While wisdom enables you to live by it.
Definitely one of the funniest shows of the decade.
Can you DM your address. I will see what I can do.
askin all them questions # SHE RACHET!
You're very welcome. It has been a while. Business is picking up for the upcoming busy season. Nights/Weekends are always busy.
I can't believe I'm going to say this.... #Snooki looks cute.
So sad to hear abt the 2/17 raid rescue in FL. PETA raised claims of abuse but left ASPCA to deal w/ 700 cats. Heartbreaking.
Omg the argument between and WAS EPIC!!!!!!!!
thanks for giving me klout will give some back at you soon it's interesting
RT : Yo Dallas tomorrow nite HOUSE OF BLUES keite young n Where y'all a ...
is being lonely making me social?
washington sq. park with anthony.. feet in water :-)
We have some great art pieces available in our store!!!
I'm getting blonde found many pieces of my hair blonde
Its Friday night & where else is there to be but , located at 47 Edison Place Newark NJ. Come join us for Food & Drinks.
gonna break down these walls , gonna give it my all .
Nice cheap shot there, Mittens.
she's so cute.
Everyone loves me!
totally made my day with this <3 i was waitin for you to start singing "i am like a bird, i wanna fly away" at the end haha
My life is Fucking falling apart...
it's Friday,Friday eveybody wants to have fun :D
is much more then a singer . <3
Stay out of the smoke Friday night 7:30-9:30 at our Open Gym
Don't pretend you don't love the savings.
Happy saturday , ( ;
Its Almost Pie Time
Had a great lunch today at Archer's Picnic outside... Weather was awesome Rochester!
#Canucks will come back and win this series. Book it.
in this wind, it'll dry in no time (you'll have the windblown model look :))
a trending topic in chicago right now is #OkUPrettyBut. Did you start that?
Oh of course I got my ticket like two months ago!!
Storms know who their friends are.
I definitely have to go check out another #Nightdogs show with and Best small show I've been to in a while!
The reference librarians in my brain dance to their own beat :)
What the fuck
Wearing flip flops around the city should probably gross me out more than it does
It must be Janet birthday or something
And stunbled into hate?
in the big studio with and ace productionz niggas aint doing what we doing
If my coworkers don't tell me goodbye with the sound of music song/dance number today, I'm going to be very disappointed.
nice! Looking forward to it
yes ma'am.
I cannot wait to start "conversating"!
Parents join engaged couples for pre-wedding dance lessons - Wicked Local
Yahoo! Sports NFL Writer Jason Cole joins us coming up soon here on The Fan
Happy Tuesday to all our new and old followers!!
Our loan counselor is your trusted resource to discover your options, pick the best solution, and help guide you through the entire process.
CAN END #houston #homelessness. Donate housing solution . Thanks ! DREAMBIGGER! alleluia!
What Jesus Christ Superstar is coming back to Broadway? Whaaa? Why am I just hearing about this now?
nah... Once you get good at it typing is a strength of the iPad.
follow back?
It's Saturday night. Why not? :-)
yes sir born and raised.
When a dude says don't worry about them other girls I only want you. -__________-
lol i swear
it's going to be a 7 way tie for 1st place
This helps. Thanks!
No I haven't! It's only slow on my browser at work, which may be the real problem....
#FollowThursday, just in case I forget on Friday.
The Adamouski international art competition is still up and running, feel free to submit your work! The deadline will be extended
a real one this time? ;)
hot dog stand at a wedding - LOVE IT! =)
There is nothing better than an everything bagel
Sometimes it hard...but knowing it will all be over soon makes it all worth it...Ive waited a long time, knowing Im Close makes me Impatient
Omg about to make a huge impulsive purchase!! Shiiiiiiiiiiit fell in love...
you got dat cake cake cake cake cake cake
- heck yes you will! Any other websensians attending?
no way, dude. The Craptors will be so much worse! See how dumb I look doing that?
Giving up the #gop debate for
Dumb bitch tryna fight me? Let's go bitch.
im going with the irish. you are never right!
Thank you for sharing my post :)
I told my friends kid about how a positive outlook and believing one is healthy is the best way to actually stay healthy.
Developing that deranged look that can only come from dealing with too many home repairs at once.
60/40 against it. Those against mainly are Solar Turbines workers
RT Hey there Tweeps! In Las Vegas? Get some Real Shave ice! 7411 w lakemead 6pm-10pm Go GO Go!
cant wait to be able to stay out all night, laying down watching for shooting stars.
Sounds good! You owe me a call! I'm around!
Stop messaging me creep. -_-
You too!
A3: Remember "old" conversations are searchable...nothing is lost, sometimes not even when you delete it. Recruiter may read stream!
The problem isnt getting guys.. It's keeping them once they figure out how crazy i am. :p
okay Microsoft.. using wiz Khalifa in your bing commercials doesn't make you anymore hip #<U+274C>
i thought of another walk off song. give 'em all a big fat lip by the whigs
sounds good! Hope you managed to sneak a run in today. I got mine in just before the storm let loose.
Perhaps one prone to malfunctions!
yes, I think he will play his cards next week.
Ask your Veterinarian if your pet's surgical procedure can be utilize a laser.
I Love You Jc :)
...these are a few of my favorite things (or people) Happy Holidays
Garden State and finishing up some ad campaigns.
do you graduate this year ?
Blowing smoke at da sun...
hell yes. And send us all a box.
RT : Harsh drain cleaners should be kept safely away from children and pets when not in use
Hit my head so hard
This Saturday(: the 28th !
": Get myself together 1st, then I can help everybody else out."
Thanx for reaching out! If u have any interest in seeing the space please email Kristen @ . Love to show you!
Thank you for those kind words. "Free" is very dear to my heart.
I wish more ppl were on .It's much easier to see everyone's pics that way, instead of scrolling the timeline all day to find them
As an in the trenches marketing exec, I found your latest post very refreshing.
I enjoyed brother!!
Horrible Bosses is such a good movie.
~Perhaps~ Attitude is Everything!!! ~DareToBeDifferent~
#iReallyWant you back.
Houlihan Lokey Hires Growth Equity Expert Joshua Tanzer to Help Extend Investor Relationship Universe for Private ...
:D what kind??
: Your two feet away.
Tell Ken Anderson to follow me please i am a fan of him for 6 years
I am celebrating Cinco de Mayo by having unprotected sex
Hahahahahah RT : You have a problem if you tryna holla at a chick through a social network inbox.
RT : Can't wait. Prepping & packing has begun! RT : #WFFConf12 starts this Sunday. Can’t wait to see you all there!
Seriously? Charlie's in DC? I"m in DC.
Now I'm well connected like .com
I'd forgotten how sick that '95 Mike's was too.
o its a way the batman mythos can last forever. Make the mini a mystery with that outcome.
Rain City West Printing will be closed December 25th-December 28th. Happy Holidays!
Call in and ask questions about how you can get involved in the fight game! 720-747-1023
iPhone was Japan's best-selling smartphone in 2011, Android more than comfy as well (Jon Fingas/Engadget)
Sail On Silver Girl!
they rep for the undergronud & MBTV 6-9 PM TODAY on www.microphonebully.com Please tune in
To this day when I hear that song I see you standin' there on that lawn Discount shades store bought tan, Flip flops and cut off jeans
Shoutout to my new followers.
You should have asked him to donate that tithe money in his pocket to people who really need it.
Chris King from Agency.com will speak at in Milwaukee on Feb 23 #ttlmke www.thinktanklive.com
great workout!
Happy Jackie Robinson game.
have y'all seen my journal at your place? small, brown, typewriter on front. last seen Tuesday
I'd never get a job if that was the case
thanks bro
yes ma'am! “: I know Derek Fisher enjoyed this blow out tonight against his former team... #LAKERS”
RT My Gawd my co-worker so flirtatious
How did you forget?! Will you be seeing him at Lolla?
I am so hyped for #tebow good luck man!! Shut these haters up
Might be time to rethink some life decisions: the last 2 guys I've dated are in my phone as squints &square pants
you guys need a mobile site.
i wana party at walmart :(
If I was a bus driver I would probs ram that shit into EVERYTHING omg, busses are huge
Cheating on a girl who would do anything for you is like throwing away a diamond and picking up a rock\
I'm about to :) I missed last night's episode the one with ATL in it lol :P
wait nevermind baby must be up lol
Ok shuttle... I'm outside waiting... Watching...
...good lunches make stressful days like this better along with mellow grey weather and cake.
Studying.. trying to get all a's and b's.. right now got a A,B,C,C :/
u look crazy lol in that picture
That could turn out to be quite a fierce debate.
I think that really needs to change her user name and give it to me.
The key to incredible health is to eat more veggies,fruits,nuts & seeds,beans & other nutrient-rich foods.Dr.Fuhrman,Super Immunity
Reason #5 that CIS works: The presence of a Site Coordinator.
MoveOn should be focused on writing legislation and not toting the party line. Can Progressives be more than an opposition party?
hey aimz! we may be coming on april 22 to great scott in allston. do u think u can get a crew to come out?? guest list!!
happy now? ;)
Was that mean?
FF life coach
We're off to Sugar Land to drop off a dumpster by horsehoe creek for a kitchen tear out! Let us know if you have anything to be hauled away!
WHAT IS RAIN
Going over my timeline I saw fake boobs tweets and remembered that I had a conversation about that w/ my law teacher. How awkward is that?
Why cyber criminals r targeting kids 5 yrs and under. Experts say attacks on this group has doubled in the past yr. story coming ,
and how do u deal with student queries when they can't figure out the progs? Do u become the help desk?
Only one person didn't graduate from my HS out of 350 (private school), so it blows my mind.
NO PROBLEM :)
Ok finally learned how to use this xbox. now I'm about to murder everyone on it Thanks Thosh and for my gift:)
Hails good, and yea our grandma is sick
how did you get that cartoon avi pic frm it cool plz let me know
NEW PAGES WAT UP EVERYONE IM BACK NEW LOOK NEW ALBUM COMING SOON (SONY RECORDS) PRAYING I GET THERE
., I have you to thank for finally understanding the post with a "period." Thanks!
Cant stop cuz we're so high lets do this one more time!
party is here and he is a communist
Been listening to the new album all morning--and now she's coming to San Diego! October 20!
“: Brian Williams needs to just write "I hate Republicans" on his forehead and be done with it. #nbcdebate” What a stupid remark
two fish died of shock. one got eaten by the ghost shrimp, and the snail suicided by climbing out of the tank. wow. life is fragile. R.I.P.
"Preservation is the 100% solution" -- "Murder In The Stacks" video on YouTube.
Excuses, I'm the only one here at and word on the street is used to stand.
Long Live Rock!!!!
ONE DAY LEFT TO VOTE FOR SAN DIEGO'S FUTURE! www.showyourlovesd.org/sd-south-chamber # coronado chula vista
Friday night?! Rawrr! East Coast tour Kickoff Party @ rhythmic arts. 4821 Central Ave Ne. Come party like it's 1997
Sitting in the grass across from a 7eleven eating donuts with mom. #Bondingtime lol
good man. That's the biggest addition someone can add to there D. With time the users will come.
wow. maybe they'll play some whiteheart for you next.
I'm so nervous!! #festivalseason is coming fast!
Throw it weh o_o RT : My phone fucking up, ever since it fell today. -__-
Early to bed, early to rise makes for a darn good flag football player. Or that's what I'm hoping since I'm sacrificing my Fri night.
fundraiser at 7:30 and i have to get up at 6. good night!
#antonfig killed it last night on Letterman (as he does every night). Nice to see the drummer getting some love!
smh your missing out
$$$$$$ RT : If it was so bad why did D'Qwell Jackson stay & then break down at his presser when talking about Holmgren?
Between these memories and my guilt its becoming increasingly harder to keep it together
seriously i really wanna meet at warped.
517- hey we never talk but we should change that
JB follows you, i want JB follow me so, send it in a message Plzz :))
Picked up the dog food donated by Royal Canid and Iams and getting the studio prepped for all the paws coming in. Can't wait!
hahaha I see me and you are both looking at nicks tweets! Haha
LOL nope. I has three-dimensional janky ass matrícula which most places don't take anymore
First time having sour Skittles in forever.
Recent Deals: Patrick Ley represented Counseling Services in a 1,500 SF new office lease at 3355 Bee Cave Rd.
yu should never b jealous cuz yur just as beautiful as she is fine
UPDATE 2-JPMorgan takes hit in trading book
good luck! Give em hell.
you know those pics in our living room? They're all crooked.
Attacked!! By a creature from the deep....bastard jellyfish..."Oh God, the humanity!"
I've had my permit since January, and I've probably only gotten like 2 hours of driving done. I need 50 by the beginning of next year...
Being lost in cane fields is not fun! Everything looks the darn same!!
So Casey lied b/c she was afraid of being accused of child neglect & child abuse PTS? Doesn't explain everything found.
Mexican fiestas are the shit.love love LOVE tacos.m:)
we would love to have you try our sandwiches and paninis. Maybe we'll make your Sandwich issue next year ;-)
T.G.I.F.! Happy Friday & All That Jazz!
We all want something, we all want the same thing... we all want love...
I wonder how much I'd notice if Karma was gone. All she does is sleep... wait... I wonder if she would notice if I was gone?
This afternoon, I am attending the Innovation seminar in Washington DC
I hope my music make ther ears bleed stomak hurt an breathe stank
Actually no, take that back. I'm dead asleep. Closer to a wake than awake.
Thank you!
lol! He filmed in July and tonite is a special showing at The Hamilton... U r too funny :)
voter fraud is a non-problem compared to apathy/disengagement in the electorate!
Hi Dr. Shen! Hope you are doing well! I miss having our fun classes together! : )
that would be ideal.
Ned Gallaway wins Albemarle Co School Board Race, Dumler and Boyd take Supervisor seats
please call this number 254-716-4646 Please its my friends birthday! :) She would be so happy! :) 27
“: Fergie's dress must have been shipped to LA from the jersey shore. #gross #ERedCarpet”<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Go Go!
it's been a week. Besides, nothing's wrong with it. It went right in :o I thought it was a 00 because it slipped right through
what is it?
Me too! London better have a good opening like Beijing did RT : me either! I love the ceremonies!!
Triple H vs. Brock Lesnar #WWE,that would be awesome!
Carmelo Anthony is a bitch too
"....a mother's work is never done." Prof MHP
thanx for the RT ladies. hope you are both well since i've been MIA all summer! xo
Great time in Vegas with my brother & sister, time to get back at it. Hope everyone had a great weekend!! Be editing my third book all this
Yeah that's Tue and he know his stuff.
...huh, Wuts that? Cant hear you over the sound of #phillyflyers crying and breaking their sticks.
Thank you! RT : So exciting!! Welcome to the neighborhood!
MY BIRTHDAY IS IN 13 DAYS. can I get a happy early birthday? hahahahah. (:
Thanks very much for you kind words and for RT of our "Week in Review" - much appreciated. Have a great rest of the weekend.
*pats self on the back* *huge smile*
Just when we thought it was all over....
Thank you sir. I appreciate it.
My grandpa gave it to my dad! Hahahaha, it runs in the family.
Hahahahahah I love that you love ADPi, though I can't say I'm all that surprised ;)
I need a cupcake and something to drink with a little "octane" in it.
yes, nothing is black & white, good luck with your new website.
I just got paid today. Im overjoyed lol
First day of classes. Winter break is now over. Hope everyone has a great beginning to what is hopefully a great semester!
At National Board meeting of #IMC (Institute of Management Consultants) discussing use of social media. How cool is that?
Thank you so much! We're currently taking advantage of our month to month...I'll definitely call you if I need assistance!
my band Analog is planning our first EP right now!! make sure to check us out on YouTube and check for upcoming concerts!
Without fail, I ALWAYS mess up my nails at least 5 minutes after I get them done. Always.
you got it funsize!
The worst feeling in the world, when u like someone and they don't like u back
VINNY or MIKEY !
can you say "me gusta la banana" while you´re standing in one leg?
Sometimes I wish I were a little kid again, skinned knees are easier to fix than broken hearts.Anonymous.
I had a great Spin class today! Check out my hair accessory on facebook!
Caught up on all your tweets while sitting at the only table that let me have my phone out lol.
my one college class is on spring break while my high school is still going. so i just get to sit at home for first period
Best Store Diaper Deals this Week: April 29-May 5, 2012 — Simply ...
Queen #Lebrick James wins the mvp.... wish everyone would get off this guys **** and give it to the REAL MVP
The hair that your cat ingests can accumulate in his stomach and form hairballs. Brush and comb your cat regularly!
next time we all blow clouds together !
getting fuked ^ before we Go live on stage tonight
The District 9 Do not Represent NEW YORK!!, AND it do not Send a Message to Prez Obama! Those Orthodox Jews Didn't Vote for Him in 2008!
Medium and beige skin looks naturally glowing in shades of corals and light berries. Try Mary Kay® NouriShine® Lip Gloss in Berry Sparkle
Nice meeting for you and singing for you today! See you 'round the salt mines!
I could comment on that, but it's not worth the time. He can say what he wants, and I'll let him say it. Still going to boo him.
You always say you hate to see me hurt, and you hate to see me cry. So all those times that you hurt me, did you close your eyes?
i really wish i could transplant these partypoker fish and play with them on pokerstars software
i need those
Nothinnnn'. Being bored on a bus! o; Oh and that's cool;D haha.
RT just some great words: joy, love, happiness, life, family, smiles, courage, forgiveness, plz add & rt
I'm in milwaukee I'm just doin individual workouts wit Deon nd my bro and coaching hs summer rec league
Top reason you love Brunch. Ready...set...GO!
Count me in. Vegas, baby!
over gloomy weather
Classy Bitches >
Melt is on an hour wait for take out. We will have our driver posted up there till your food is ready :)
Monday is all ways a new start.
Another great day of sports College ball, Pro Bowl, X-Games, 24hrs at Daytona!!!
feeling a bit disconnected from the world today, what's new with you?
That one teacher who can't find anything good about anything.
its a great class!!
if it wasn't my bday i'd go to this! looks great can't wait to try it
Howard, Shumpert, and Rose all got injured while wearing Adidas
haha well I came up with #cheyton cause someone said & need a bromance name
One of the more frustrating mornings ever. Woke up 20 mins late, baby wouldn't eat breakfast, missed my bus and stuck in traffic on 2nd bus.
That +1 is me! We'd love to attend if you'd release more tix! cc:
Thanks for mentioning both and my presentations as favorites from #wcmia! Been enjoying looking at everyone's slides
I thought I wanted this
OMG IM REGISTERED!!! FINALLY!!!!! lol my username is GRANDerzluver4lifee ! ~RebeccaFusco
You can do it, big guy! Don't give up! The end is in sight!!
will you ever go to Ghana? I'll take you if you want.
See you tonight at ! No Pity Coast to Coast!
can i go ?
Thanks for the RT of CG's new items! :)
Amazing time last night at our video shoot BIG thank you to all of our friends that came out to be a part of it. -xoxogno
Had a wonderful time last night at the dinner. It's a great organization - support them!
Planning on spending at least a week at 's house this summer
Wow... are bringing that Moombah! Thanks
OMG! If all you fanboys had a icon I could shout all of you out. Lol
She demanded an apology. I said something like it was no big deal & that is when she pulled out a chair. "Take your pants down!"
State House steps now occupied by lots of police. But #CampCharlie will return! Long live #CampCharlie!
4 letter words
oh....ok and I thought we could be friends..lol jk I have no problem with the eagles but I am a proud pack fan<3
Man what a day
Heading off to a private party at Magnolia & Co. Did you know they have those? You too can have one!
"Million dollar voice came through the phone!"
I feel you, sister. <yawn>
If your license plate says "IMFANCY," you're prolly not!!!
Niall is mine! :D
To age or not to age? That is the question but we have the answer to better skin...naturally! Skintastic.com 972-620-322
my friend shot himself in the head
your string of lights are still bright to me. who you are is not where you've been. <3
I've got pretty much the same criteria. I'll try most anything once :)
At the airport! Way too early...
Vote for the candidates who are serious about YOUR student government. Vote the student body best.
#foodlabsummitdr REBO #Haiti has formal strategic alliances with growers & provide technical assistance to help raise living standards
a few went to east. But I doubt it. Haha
Thank you! We'll try to rustle up some Michigan pins for you.
Just watching the tour dvd on youtube is making me even more exited for the One Direction concert.
Have organic hemp seed bread as your morning toast. One slice contains 100 cal, 7g of protein, 2,5 g of fiber, lots of vitamins and minerals
Mr Brooks Laich :)
Just realized the principal ( Joe Moylan) at Oconomowoc high school was my RA at Carroll... Small world...
$$$ Kentucky & Indiana would make more $$ playing at Lucas Oil every year rather than Home 1 yr then nothing in the off yr.
Slow cooking.
Hey Robert - anything exciting from the convention this weekend?
3 months and many delays, finally have furniture we ordered. , repeating we give "outstanding customer service" doesn't make it so.
is the LARGEST Greek org at with 107 beautiful sisters!
Stop resisting but never stop trying... There is a difference between surrendering and giving up.
follow bak can u get people to follow me pls so i can follow people bak??
twitta be the<U+E05A> ahha thanks you to, dont do anything bad!
Merry Christmas errvrybody!!
I'm irritate'dd
At Ready by 21 talk at Nat'l Human Services Assembly leadership institute in Austin by Karen Pittman + Austin youth agencies
if you're really down to come we'll give you a ticket if u bring someone :)
Wheels are not efficient unless you have a highway system
Lots of ice in the sea. It’s pretty “cool” to “see.” :) Ouch. I know.
This game is killing me
Can I get hooked up with a meeting in that next group of five?
The minute you think of giving up, think of the reason why you held on so long.
yeah at my community service shit.
Baby smash face: unanimous approval.
Had another meeting for next week's event. About to finalize a few things, work on updates, and getting out castings.
That's a bummer makes it impossible to extend the selection mechanism. Mind if I fork it and add a way to get to it?
The short answer is: 'it's a crime/suspense novel.' :-)
idk yet what time do you work at???
watching Dr. phil...... i need sunshine this rainy crap is making me depressed!
Off to Hawaii tonight, later bitches
I see you hiding in the back of the #chidatadive photo for us #dcdatadive folks! How goes it?
WHEN I WAS LITTLE I USE TO THINK THE SHORT BUS WAS FOR SHORT PPL CAUSE I HAD NO REASON TO BE ON IT I WAS KINDA TALL LMAO
Texas Hold Em: Tips on making it look like I know how to play really well!?!?
Just got home now, imma knock the fuck out!
p.s. luuuurrrv your new avatar
what's up? Miss you here!
So excited about GS and LG being here in TWO DAYS!!! House is a wreck but I no longer care. I'm shooting for at least clean dishes!
Thx for the coffee ! Good times
I'm not into a lot of conspiracy theories, but I have to wonder sometimes if they are deliberately trying to collapse the country.
Must be the season of the bitch.
It is raining so hard right now & I gotta go to work...I hate driving when its raining like this!
ICONic Groove <3:')
He is. He watches every week with me.
Former Spurs guard George Hill, a Pacers starter, picks up his fourth foul early in the second half vs. Heat.
The Beatles <3
You just didn't try hard enough. When portals are invented, guess who's gonna be moving around like a champ? This guy.
Hey boo I just got a new phone! After I talked to u the internet got cut off AGAIN so I couldn't contact u :(
Whoa! Very cool!
Nick said he wanted to starve himself because he thinks he's fat! Grow up, bulimia is so '87.
Just got sent 2 hopital 2 induce... omg this is really happening!
KC defense or SD this week?
A warm chicken biscuit can help make that traffic jam a little more tolerable.
yeah, thanks ! Y'all were right on top of it :)
If you #standwithwalker you stand for wage discrimination against women
Holly!! Why is austin in Miami?
Should not have borrowed this kindle fire. Now I want one and I don't want to want one.
The door is open...
i know right? I fucking miss those glory years of the early 20's before our dreams were crushed & reality sunk in.
you heard what Chuck D said... American Express??? really???
#SometimesIGetSickof tumblr not working for a good 30 minutes straight.
Jon, makin banana pancakes has already been done... :) i'm sorry to be the one to have to tell you
In the spirit of GREAT things coming up, it is time to reclaim my title as "CoachTaryn" in the twitter world..... I AM BACK
Don't wait for it to come to you - GO OUT AND GET IT
Wake up, get accused of things, go to lunch, get accused of things, get home from work, get accused of thinga, sit in my room alone.
exactly! So many people have been trying for hours and then it sells out.
Everybody's waiting for you to break down. Everybody's watching for the fall out.
Thanks for putting your AARP bag on the chair next to you so I had to stand on this bus for 45 min. I needed a core workout anyways
Ryan Braun... Really? Say it isn't true
My dog snores, even when she is awake.
Good show
good stuff. Looking forward to checking it out as we get closer to the draft.
we LOVE u GURL!
-Love!! I do the same dolls, re-runs pls!! xox
.: is definitely not ass-less. His milkshake brings all the boys to the yard.
what an incredible journey you guys had! you're fantastic live, and very nice guys. that line-up was too good
Google Chrome you really fail when it comes to being compatible with RefWorks. Please fix that.
this time im not leaving without you
We congratulate all of the 2011 Governor's Arts Awards recipients: Children's Museum of Indianapolis, June Edwards, Mark Fauser...
its actually so hot in portland today #summer foooreall now
Good to know. It's easy to get wrapped up in abstract possibilities and not realities.
Lot of nice-looking neck tattoos on the US World Cup team. I don't say that a lot.
Looking forward to reading with Kat Meads tonight at 7 and sharing stories where we learned to spin them.
No offense, Clay, but I think you need to work on your tweeting-&-deleting problem. I liked your #EmilyWhyArentYouOnTwitterYet tag.
Nap Time?
Torrey Smith!!
I apprecite that :) have a great friday !! :)
HAPPY NEW YEAR! :D
Nobody said it was easy, it's such a shame for us to part.
Just checked out website, Love to see such great design concepts in DC!
A guy can meet 10 girls , fuck 9 , talk to 8, laugh with 7 , run behind 6 , like 5, go out with 4, get used to 3 , kiss 2 , but only love 1"
I just received pics of my twin nephews in the Special Olympics. Tears of joy! Thk you for your family's great legacy.
Champions do not become champions on the court. They become recognized on the court. They become champions because of their daily routine
Seriously, & I started watching and the went on this crazy run!!
I'll think about it . ;)
just ate a bowl of beans... <U+26A0>
Don't but putting me on the spot ugh I don't like that
In case anyone was unsure, #SportingKC has confirmed Harrington will start at left back Saturday.
hopefully. Anytime after 3am est.
tell that suga daddy of yours to spot you ;) haha
It's Friday :)
Dom Minasi is Now Available On Line For Lessons Study privately with world-renowned jazz guitarist, Dom Minasi contact
It wasn't, but the score better reflects the game.
We now have more than 800 followers! Thanks for supporting the American Botanical Council!
lol i had no idea and u tweet me like "people may stalk you..." i was like okay... Weird
Minor details.
#BandsILove Two door cinema club.
All you had to do was #jaso. RT : I wanna see this trending before the post-game show on :
I wear my heart on my sleeve like it's the new fashion boy boy!
Told you Baron would be back. I told you. Didn't I tell you? I told you.
Damn Right!!!
hell new twitter!!!
Already back at the hotel for the evening (lame, I know)
perhaps for holidays like upcoming since I have a mom, stepmom and mother in law. The standard works great though!
Troy only thinks he's average. He's actaully so far above the rest of us it's amazing. #FollowFriday (via )
I wonder how many times MySpace Tom has contemplated suicide.
Congratulations to PPI's Kevin Vandersmissen, 2012 Irish Open CHAMPION !!!
raising birds on
The most important job there is! Our children are the worlds future. Nothing is more valuable then a stay mom!
At Grown Folks watching the game before the set starts.. So ready to sing #therapy!
VAIS Accreditation means "everyone's all friendly and shit," to quoth Namond Bryce
Enjoying the album. When do the #SPF ticket giveaways start ?
Friday Humor: "Early to bed and early to rise probably indicates unskilled labor" -- John Ciardi
The Halloween social tonight was fun. The kids enjoyed themselves...AYS has done it again!!!!
It'll never go away, will it?
Hahaha, I wish I had alcohol right now.
Johnny Cash & his wife, June Carter Cash, inherited the house in NPR from Maybelle Carter after her death
I have had the best dreams playing Skyrim before bed.
most people do when they get older.
Any wedding decor secrets up your sleeves? What are you working on now?
#RealFriendsDont Talk Shit Behind You Back When Fake Friends Do, They Stick Up For You.
Oh yeah! It's so weird eating. xD
Twisting Barbie Mermaid Balloons for the Barnie a Mermaid Tale 2 Movie at The Showcase Cinema in Woburn, Ma at 11 am in the Lobby on 2/11/12
Check yourself bro.
Fantastic. Only have 2 others I'm trying to catch at tonight's reception. I'll tweet just prior. Looking fwd to it.
Can't wait for Saturday to see at and a huge thank you to for taking care of me and my girls
A film festival did arrive before my kid! But I can't give any details for 3 weeks. Except that it's a boy--my kid, not the festival.
The best way to appreciate your job is to imagine yourself without one - Oscar Wilde
hungry den a muddafucka
Holy shit its already a Thursday.. This week has gone by fast
Cravin sum S.W.A.G
this is true. Just saying I don't get it. But it's ok. I don't have to.
thanks for the retweet :)
Boyfriend didn't know Osama bin Laden was dead. Granted this dude wasn't responsible for educating children, but come on. Really?!
I have a friend named Scott who still forwards chain emails. As soon as I figure out what to do w/ the body I'll be Scott-free.
Tweet your tee for a free download code from our new album
Year Strong. In Manila. Shit. Dream come true. :((
Its a great feeling when people compliment what ur wearing and its something you made ^___^
Forget #Kony2012, let's make #GeorgeZimmerman famous!!! Who is #GeorgeZimmerman!!!! #Zimmerman2012 -Child Killer...I will make you Famous!!!
been watchin lincoln heiqhts ALL DAY & never qave this show a chance, but im qlad i have netflix cause im addicted & im on the 3rd season.
“: “: wat step show”brew city step show at the riverside theater” this Saturday! Hosted by
It's so much easier to be confident about other peoples situation rather than your own.
Tina--You get it! Let's chat soon (when season is over).
Plenty of fish in the sea? Have you seen the ocean?! Getting a meaty, lively fish that isn't swimming in mercury or, disease? Ha, plenty.
Kid from "Saved by the Bell" teams up with a writer from "Robot Chicken", eh? That's so crazy it just might work.
RT : Come celebrate the opening of the new Form + Function Lighting Showroom, Friday, April 13 at 5pm.
#ReplaceAGagaSongWithWhiskey The Edge Of Whiskey. Marry The Whiskey
Happy birthday to ! Have fun tonight.
This episode of #behindthemusic is sad.
why would someone say that????? I'd like to hear whoever that is sing better then her. It's a beautiful song!!!
Canada has the best banks in the world according to They also have 10% tier I capital rqmts. What about the US?
oh, check out the shoe store Ten Toes if you go to Shadyside/Walnut St. They have the cutest shoes & the owners are super sweet!
I just realized I have been in a different state for 4th of July for the past 6 years.... RI, NY, MD, LA, CT and this year IL.
Yesterday when we were getting high you were invited,you woulda liked it
Created and added a Twitter Badge to myspace.
Are they playing baseball in the rain?
nope cause it's in colombia
how was she and her machine?
Tahaaa! What are you gonna do today? :)
CBS Morning News today says that crazy New Jersey tanning mom has been dubbed as "tanorexic." What a wonderful word to add to the lingo!
Dear parents, i Loveu
Luke #Babbit hires agent and enters #NBA draft. I don't think the sophomore out of #UNR is ready for the pros.
Lalalailove you to!
No way! Really?
“: I ALWAYS HOPE TO SEE EVERYONE SUCCEED .. EVEN STRANGERS .. WHEN I SEE PEOPLE HAPPY THEN iT MAKES ME HAPPY”
Words of wisdom from the Leadership Freak: "Impatient leaders say let’s do something. Wise leaders say, "Let’s become something".
We agree! RT : Bill, gotta hit Twin Anchors for some outstanding ribs. Just do it!
is on coffee break
RIT hockey's getting started on CBS Sports right now. Channel 1027 if you're on TW in
YAYYY Jam band in the student center !!
#HIMYM finale ! tune in
just saw grants last tweet. I am going to add a pause for him... That is all.
": happy birthday to my brother joey. lobe ya bro" At least he didn't say lube
Central #Indiana: make sure to watch from 5-7pm for a story on local wineries and how we're gearing up for the Super Bowl!
Drove all by myself today. With my mom watching me... IT STILL COUNTHS THOUGH.
The word "imperfect" actually spells "I'm perfect" because everyone is perfect in their own imperfect ways.
For why?
Never really have any ME time...its always a kid that needs me there's always a parent that wants me to do something...
: In your piece on DeMaio's biz success,you list Bonnie/Bob as the only two other major candidates.What happened to Fletcher?
You're being naive if you think Paterno is completely innocent in this case.
Because it has a limit babe -.- lmao shut up!
GT LOVE YOU GT-CREW!! THANK YOU for all the support of IA & this mission to connect families w/ cancer!!! Keep building it CREW!!!!
his last game with Cavs he had 27 points 19 rebounds 10 assists and were just out matched by a better Boston team.
yes! Tomorrow works for me.
. worries abt "unfair" & "incomplete" teacher ratings on Gambling--didn't bother him when he released botched ratings 2 mo ago
Squee! Just two more days until I can read all the books I want to for a week!
Softball practice tonite
a tad too rad... foreign features...
what odds does everyone have that this ends up being a 1 possession game?.
98% of Catholic women who use or have used #contraception is the Catholic perspective too
that's funny, my "similar to you" list is you three...
I really like Girls, the television show.
GIVE ME EVERYTHING. -dead-
Thanks to all at #blend12 for participating in our session on foundations. Hope none of panelists lose their grants due to what they said :)
why not. Is leaving them unpacked throughout the house a creative idea? If so, I'm leading the pack.
I like talking to my cat more than you.
Hope y'all are counting down 7days for single release
Visiting with growers and winemakers in Napa again today. Searching out the the best of the best fruit for the upcoming season!
I've finally hit 100 followers! Thank you to all 100 of you:)
RT : 2 the prophetic folks n ATL, Whats the Lord saying 2 U right now n the midst of #snowatl<-girl U shuda bought toilet paper
thanks Nells :) I love you! Must SKYPE again soon xoxoxo
My son took me to a lovely Breakfast for Mother's Day and I had a nice time just talking to him!!
An ostrich's eye is bigger than its brain.
Just my luck, I sit next to the nasty cigar smoker.... Yuk yuk .... Ugh
Follow for more insight from
I tweet the same thing every friday, but so true. TGIF!! Hope everyone has a great weekend too:)
Took a practice test and I got half the multiple choice right. And then I averaged I would get a 4 on all the essays & got a 3. RETAKING...
The move is over! Unpacked & ready 2 enjoy life in Aksarben/Mid-Town! Yippee!
shut up bitch, dont talk to my sister
GUESS WHAT.
on the ticket its say order number right
Mac u can't. Me and Belz got u beat in the stash... Jordan km growing a goatee too. :)
#ilovewhen the rain beats against my window! relaxes the hell outta meplease retweet
fans continue to compete for worst humans on #twitter w/ fans
hacking patty ^_^ follow me :)
Hey! I'm the owner of the account :) Are you still interested in being a co-owner?
Absolutely. :) RT : Pretty awesome pictures ! Congratulations ! Feel free to tell us once you update it again :)
it's funny how you think that's funny. it's not funny.
How do far too many contractors secure your business by handing you an artificially low bid? Can't spot the techniques? I'll show you how--
My day getting started late af
we're headed back to NY with so much joy and spirited energy
awesome! make sure you tell me in person!
Happy New Years to all my Wonderful followers<3
This song is music to my ears
Thank you to for his thoughts and #WhatSistersMeantoMe hashtag. Sr. Lucia in 4th grade correcting my grammer.
You already have skills & ability to navigate #change. Feel it in your bones.
SHOWING LOVE TO MIGUEL SOSA ...LOVE U BABE!!!
I'm so glad I'm making well over minimum wage to sit on my phone and do homework at my job.
Happiness comes in a pint...glass! Hehe.
Im in TX
Sometimes we need to hurt in order to grow.
Music is the movement of sound to reach the soul for the education of its virtue.
and its not even my birthday ... But he wanna put his name on it !
oh we did. Made it back just in time for class. Well worth it
Sure thing!!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY <3 I love you !!!
Gnight btw ur grandpa seems like so much fun! Haha tell him i say hi if u read this <U+E328>
Amazing #tenzingtasting! Loved the Ayala Zero Dosage, pretty much all the Spanish wine I tasted, False Bay and Dr. Loosen.
If were to dissect my heart you'll find that you're all in it and its filled with just you i wonder if its mutual.
Same. Related: Just spent 2 hours prepping the big deck for stain. No rest for the weary. :/
super cool of you to point it out. You get an Eisner FROM MY HEART.
Read that as Leonard Nimoy. RT : Now a guy from the nonprofit Reason Foundation, Leonard Gilroy.
sweet talking gets you nowhere fast
follow now. 3
Argh! New Year's Day circuits almost killed me today. Happy 2012!
I think when tragedy strikes people are more likely to acknowledge there is a God. Prayer should be allowed always!
yes, it's a boy :) i have a big family.
not only do we know each other, but and I work together...
Where is my gotdamn at wit her BIG HEAD A$$
you are do ugly !! #jussayin (:
can you call me? I need you to do something for me.
Our HB2501 Bill on Regulatory Reform passed Gov Affairs Comm!Get your Reps&Senator to support it! Thanks Rep Vogt, Gowan, Stevens, Smith!
has swagg swagg swagg it not on you doe baby it's on her ;*
what kind of question is that?!? Lol! it's only 1030.. Haha!
The Stand Your Ground Law should be amended/a "Trayvon's Law" should be enacted
Starting 2012, industry discounts will be available Mon-Wed!
I Love The Way You Sing.!(= Your Voice Is So BEAUTIFUL.!(: I Would Die If I Ever Get On Of Your CD's And Autograph.!<3 ILY
#StruggleCuisine RT : Buttered toast and fat free water on the rocks for breakfast. Gotdamn im struggling.
Hahaa, its so weird though. Its gonna take me forever to get used to it. xD
Through the week, last call's around 9:30, on the weekends, about 10:30, though it sometimes depends on how busy it is!
It's getting harder everyday
no youre gorgeous. im just like ehhh.
RT : SAN ANTONIO! Tonight, join at KLUSOZ... & at PEPPER.
shut up!!
Why are there people out on the sidewalk holding advertising signs? When did posts fail us?
Feeling hella sleepy after a margarita and a tequila sunrise!
true, and some of us couldn't even get tickets to the tour dates.
Back from dog park. On to work...
Thank you for the follow! Your work is truly inspiring.
when people stare at the gym<<<<<
thx to u we had a great time
I think of a ton of things to tweet while I drive, and can't seem to remember any of it when it's safe to finally tweet it.
absolutely he is! he acts like a 5 yr old!
Hv U checked the score in the last few mins?
Ill never change, this is always me
I love the rain!
Happy Monday everybody! Feeling pumped for the day.
I have been watching all morning and 1 day I'm making the drive down to Elevation Church.Who is coming with me?
yep, pretty a much worthy hero, when you admit to it
dig it!
In squirrel hill wit a blunt where you at !!
Azad Right delivers "Alone," the first new video from his upcoming project Time Is Right: Deluxe Edition , which is due
Today in 1790, Washington D.C. was changed to the capital of the United States
emily, are you okay?!?! I'm here for you girl<3 promised, just like sarah.
what's the title??
Chinese/Viet New Years Tomorrow! Year Of The Dragon!
no those never look good
whats wrong with my voice???
It's the other way around this time..
When court cases get dismissed and you don't have to pay the ticket or lose your license >>>
Dearest I know it can get cold, but we try to be accommodating. Would some hot coffee warm your opinion of the library?
Oh, me too...would love to review on or
Build Me Up Buttercup- The Foundations :)
LM Community Development Program Coordinator Chris Gonzales explaining to LM council what city has at stake in the proposed PBID process.
Summer hits of the 90's?
I can't stress any longer how much idgaf .
I think I'm in need of "something new."
Beyonce, Video Game Lawsuit: Judge Sets Trial, Singer's Lawyers Keep Quiet
I just saw it. Wait for an Avengers screening - it'll be way better.
...an emphasis on locating sensitive areas that produce feelings of pleasure. Once pleasure-producing areas are located, the woman is ...
Will you be using any interesting props today, Mr. Lazarus?
#stiles Lol at getting his dad drunk.
as long as they don't sing it out, we ALL win.
Very tired. Just got back from 2.5 hrs of indoor drumline. Ugh so tired. And?still have?to study and take a shower. Blah.
I'll show you mine, if you show me yours.
Are you trying to protect pedophiles from the John Gardner association or vice versa? Not sure I get the significance.
#4WordsYouDontWantToHear your mom just died.:o
why is 's family so photogenic? Love them!
The hard times will begin to fade, joy will take their place. - Play Alganon
Question: Why did you go Greek?
yep! It was lots of fun :)
Thank you so much for posting! We're so happy to have you all here at the GWCC.
You produced a #Pultizer-finalist-winning piece!
Fuck today. Gonna go for a run. Hopefully it will clear my head.
#SilverSpring, Ravioli & Lasagna sound good? Stop into Mama Lucia on 4/26. 25% of your bill will support
hahahaha! No, I don't have a canadian accent. The border is still at least an hour away, and we don't usually mingle. ;)
- and I enjoyed seeing you at the #goodnews event.
AUSTIN you are an amazing singer and such an amazing person!!!! I KNOW U WILL GET REALLY FAR ! Don't EVER doubt it<3<3<3<3<3
It’s #MagicTime tonight at 7pm - vs
but beginners is so good and so sweet
Heck, I'll even take 20 degrees and sun! Our next chance at sun will be Sunday (despite showers) and Monday.
Would have a #Butler win changed the college basketball landscape? Coaches, College Presidents, recruits with an altered perspective. 2012?
Fun day tomorrow!
Yes we do! RT “: Gave up free weights today! Traumatic, but now has a smarter routine for me.
Very sad to hear that Hillman Curtis just passed away. :( He first inspired me to get into web design and video.
Read the Brushaber case, decided by the SCOTUS, after the 16th amend was enacted. It was ruled to be an indirect excise tax
tHAT PUMA JERSEY TURNED INTO DUST.. i CANT FINDIT
Found a bag of caramel corn in the cabinet. My day just got infinitely better.
"MUSIC BY GŸORGY LIGETI" projected over the DJ
is this the change we were promised? No thanks
LOL! "cost of corn"!! Thanks for the info, though. You just helped me scratch it as a modification.
I was such a tease when I was 16. Lolol
Its official I cant sleep.
Check out new editions of A Core Collection for Young Adults and Defusing the Angry Patron to be published later this month: bit.ly/gKj9eO
Got the business outta the way, time to fucking party!
what do you need the vid kit for? Streaming service or something else?
Congratulations. Fabulous vacation as weight loss plan.
what brand are they?
take to Serendipity! :) yummy frozen hot chocolate
No - his producer, Gary Dell'Abate!
ALL hell's gonna break loose tmrw! Where u gonna hide it, promise I wont play. U have created a monster...again, Im sure :)
Sometimes I want to punch people...
I didn't hit a single red light this morning. That would be incredibly good luck except the destination was work.
"oh, a doobie! let's bogart that fatboy." "that's not a joint, it's a frozen french fry..."
"I'm not slow, I'm just enjoying the race longer"
Zenith watch boutique woos patrons in Qatar
Do you mean WooHoo! :) Ha!!
Many people don't ever fully develop their potential cuz instead of DOING somethin about it they complain that they're not doing ANYTHING
$GRPN -- prediction... SEC audit... fraud... 40 act lawsuits.... me no likey
story development of my film project is constant.
GREAT! Let us know if you need anymore info. Thanks!
Korean zombie is dangerous lol what a fight
Planning to eat a bowl of cereal in honor National Cereal Day. BTW, it's quite evident that Cap'n Crunch > all others.
Or worse yet, Bait Teen in Jeopardy.
Topic for #GreenChat: Ways to stay COOL and #GREEN this summer. NEW TIME, 10pm EST, can you make it?
I LOVE YOU DOCTOR. That's all :) bye
Good Morning Y'all;) SMOOCHES:*
Have you seen the #NBA jerseys today? Los Bulls v. Nueva York. I love it! Spanglish in full effect!
I have done it ..
How about I put you in charge of a DO-I-HAVE-ANOTHER-SISTER Census? Work for you?
can u follow me please
Oh dear I got an instagram now <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Dear: cute boys on instagram, Stop being married. xo, sara
Stop wearing high heels to school and u dont know how to walk in them
You don't know me, and you don't wear my chains...
I'm with ya there.
Do you feel comfortable in your own skin?
GOOD FOR YOU BEAST. I LOVE YOU.
I want a Gucci Caddy
What should our next flavor be? Milk chocolate and peanut butter cup, or dark chocolate Aztec with sweet smoked paprika and chili powder?
Sometimes things don't go quite the way we plan them . . .
really? That Starbucks thing looks so scamulous.
So I guess I am looking for a job in the fall.
flying critters spotted today: red-shouldered hawk, carolina wren, robin, bat, indigo bunting, goldfinches.
Changing my name involves a lot more than I originally thought...
Chardon BrewWorks Women's Book Club is reading the Book: "Splendor of Silence" by Indu Sundaresan. Discussion 2/15 in the brew house!
Don't yell at me to mind my own business when you're sitting there screaming outside of my door while I'm sleeping. People these days...
The world's a better place b/c of stickers
I don't like it when I turn on the #devils game and they're showing a replay of the Rangers scoring.
I have to leave now ... see u later guys!
comedy! ;D
Thanks Allison. Looking forward to seeing you and your fellow craft beer fans at BeerHoptacular!
Wow Now you charge a $3.95 activation fee for your gift cards?? How bout I just not buy one?
Let's go hawks fuk Boston
can u send me the packer tickets please u promised I want to be at the next packer home game
me too but I feel like I am cheating on by watching
Never seen a girl that could live up to the hype...
Can a Christian who knows the Bible better than myself remind me why we're against Gay people being *married*?
its nicki follow me here your following me on TiggerBear02 xD
I'm watching the Suns beat the Lakers!!!
It's all coming together!!
wish we could qualify everyone, but it's a contest.. Gotta keep trying, don't give up!
Respect yourself if you would have others respect you. - Baltasar Gracian
18 more days :)
Official timeout; Harriet Beecher Ass 1852 (Mauler co-captain; RCRD vice-president) in the box as an official correction
Avatar are looking for a Talent Aquisition Manager for New York - Must have previous Games Industry experience, contact eamonn…
I'm never displeased when Quiet Riot plays on the jukebox.
Relieved that, after their 15-min. discussion, my sons rank me as #1 dad compared to Homer Simpson (2), Stan Smith (3), & Peter Griffin (4).
the most important thing in a mate? Being so forgiving & tolerant of my stupidities...and she has for 31 years!
#20ThingsAboutMe im in love
Those motions will be taken up at later date
; thanks for thy instagram, young Doodlebug.
37 days until our hospitality suite will open for our 50th appearance at the Final Five. Go Jollymen !!
Having a Dunkacinno at DUNKIN' Donuts after watching Adam Sandler's "Jack & Jill" movie!
In winter, I remember distant fires. Got burned a few times but oh those flames.
YOU'RE IN NY?!
thanks for the link -- interesting.
Just spending a beautiful day in a windowless archive, copy editing 40-year-old letters…
awww, hope everything ends up well tho.
A9: Boring your friends with inside jokes with yourself
Pro Am MC Battle TONIGHT feat. Miami premiere of Ice T's new film "The Art of Rap" at 7PM + if you're hungry, is there!
Imma do some random Shout outs :)
yoU guys should follow for all the stuff he does for u guys.
How stupid do you have to be to let Google dumb down your writing? Are you repeating keywords for naught?...
I love that movie so much. Now you must watch Kitty Foyle and perfect a Ginger Rogers impression. I insist.
Council now discussing amendments to seek proposals on how to deal with waste stream (recycle, gasification, pellets, etc)?
I will
My balls smell like coconut. Goodnight.
just took the stage @ McGann's in the Finals. Tune into #meow now
I think there's a lot about this world that we don't understand, like the afterlife or how bread becomes toast.
Royals lead White Sox 3-0 at the Bottom of the 4th Inning.
It's planning, reacting, communicating and observing. It's chaotic and complicated and the BEST JOB EVER. ;)
Thank you for the RT too!
“: Less friends, less bullshit.”
In Music Meeting The Hold Steady “HurricaneJ” Heard this the other day and I likey! Cool guitar and the lyrics are twisted
Often harder as well.
88% of plastic bags (probably more) are not recycled.
and he's like bright pink and blue
me to lol
Spectacular night. Im gonna enjoy these 2 days off. Goodnight all.
#Zappos totally has me spoiled. I ordered something from #Amazon last Sunday and it still has not shipped. Today is Friday! #peeved. #!@$%
The only tan I'll be getting this summer is from the glow of my computer screen.
That's still pandering/PC. If it's genuine it's called "being considerate" :P
Transition is equally as important as growth. Growth devoid of development wastes time, money and effort. *focused on what matters*
Confident you have the best telecoms deal?...Nothing to lose in doing some research right? Call us now: 0844 880 2010 No obligation :)
Thanks for following
No one can tell me what my song is about? That's terrible....you people are NO fun....maybe if I offer a pizza as a prize =D
try Appenzeller. It's like Swiss Jaegermeister.
Gainesville man wins Cadillac CTS coupe in Georgia Lottery
Merry Christmas to all. Hope it is a fantastic day and you get to spend some great time with family! That is what it is all about!
Welcome Kole Shettima from the MacArthur Foundation, Nigeria. Donors must align their priorities one another
we're about an hour outside of springfield, MO right now.
yes it is! obsessed. totally obsessed.
in Wisconsin low A
I'm going to need a few more drinks to deal with the music
Happy Labor day!!! How are you celebrating?!
Are we going to see any new photographs of you soon love u adam
Does die a little inside when calls him the "senior Trump correspondent? I'm pretty sure I would.
Love the gals I snapped grad pics with <3
good . cos I don't even have an iPod ! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
We are getting ready for Kick off 2011. watches for pre-sale reserve yours tonight! Provides a textbook to a child in Kenya.
Forecast for Rest Of Today: Occasional showers with a slight chance of thunderstorms. Highs around 70. Southeast...
Wow. I thought it was joke when I first saw it posted on Facebook. I'm impressed.
Friends come and go....its a part of life
Blake Griffin's free-throw shooting makes me hurt inside
Effective methods of torture: Jingle > Waterboarding RT Yeah, it's pretty much in line w/ waterboarding
Are you enjoying your doughnuts? :)
thanks for the love bro!!!
ShaxinLove was a pretty good movie, but I did find myself explaining to students the difference between historical fiction+
Congrats to Phil Jackson on a fantastic career
I hate while waiting in a drive thru..the person ahead of me is smoking in their car and makes my car smell like an ashtray.
I want some mustard
What do you do when you know you fucked up, and that person is still there waiting for everything to get better.?
if Niall is smoking i don't care, if he wants, well, he can do it. I'm going to support him anyways :)
#10FactsAboutMe I'm self conscious, fat, ugly, hate myself, take everything too seriously,...
Do you like Edgar Allan?
loved 1st class;already observing benefits from the emphasis on ujjayi breath+movement integration;can't wait for tomorrow! :)
Yes He does!!!!
Beautiful Mother's Day weekend! The first one I ever remember where there were no lilacs in bloom for a mother's bouquet.
chipped tooth. does it have to be in front? #toobrokeforthedentist. conf pres tmrw should be giggles. damn it.
ENKG... L2 SIMPLY AMAZING!!! SLAP THE ASK AND WERE OFF TO DOLLARLAND!!!
Something about Texas BBQ on a Friday just makes you smile.
those #runnerds r ! RT : PHOTO ALERT! CHECK 'EM OUT! - hey #runnerds! we had a...
Thanks! Looking forward to getting to know more people in Austin now that I live here. :)
his brothers derek and jesse!! my three sons!
you're welcome! you're too good of a person to have things bothering u =)
Santa Fe: Nov. 11, 12 & 13 visit Recycle Santa Fe Art Festival at El Museo Cultural de Santa Fe. Support Green Art & tell your friends
Very nice... Rebellion + Passion = The Rockstar. You fascinate by being unique, artistic, and unorthodox.
funny when one ends up having brunch at same resto as ex & his new wife & one/ex's old 'song' starts to play & one laughs instead of cries!
DM me with your email. Have more on the shooting.
I love you too! Thank so much cutie. xo =)
Thanks to everyone who joined us tonight! You can see our work at (5th and k) for the next 6 months!
I just realized I'm on my account... That explains why the News Feed was still in October....
There is some bull hook'n going on tonite!!! Clown got a bit of a ride.
guys are hilarious would love to see more
yummy and feeling know pain after two glasses...lol! wasn't up to going out myself but i could've used a cuddle buddy tonite.
We can special order the size you need. Call CS and we'll get you set up.
ight I want them forsure don't sell them to someone else on me
Thanks so much, everyone, for joining us today! Follow to stay part of the #MainStreet conversation.
Gay Hoes These Days.. No Class.
My bed is amazing this am...Feeling a bit #Divaish not in a hurry to get to the salon...
A heroic effort here this one. #BullyingPrevention #GayRights #SameSexEquality Support if u can.
I gotta pee so bad.
3 reasons why I cuss: 1) Because I fucking want to. 2) Because I fucking can. 3) Because I don't give a fuck.
text me back!!!!
Lemme find me something ta wear
yay! Thanks for mentioning me in your post! :)
you would Ash
"Done and done." And we hope to be doing it next month and the month after that, etc. ...
On the line Rotties - Kell'd, Maulers - Gwar, big hit on Gwar slows her, but Beecher all over Kell'd, no lead yet
&quot;a different kind of space&quot;
What's everybody drinking tonight?
This year is flying by. another early day tomorrow. Wish me luck!
Golfers Love Power! Order today and get yours by Christmas! www.powerchutesports.com
#100grand I'd move out of Wisconsin right after Scott Walker wins recall election. I am embarrased to be a resident here.
hey! i just dm'ed you a question about the street team to make sure of something! :)
I would totally let you deliver my baby.
I love more than he loves me!:D
60-year-old author and entrepreneur aims to smash motorbike land-speed record - and raise $1 billion for charit... bonneville salt flats ;P
Just noticing this tweet- way to go!
just saw this! I hope it went super!
"Find joy everywhere and leave it behind you when you go." ~Faber (via writtenday)
Where's the best place to learn about #hybrid classes? My students expressed trepidation about #elearning but perhaps that's a compromise?
I really hate girls who blame the entire male population for being jerks after their boyfriend breaks up with them.
I try! Thanks!!
I can't wait to record for the Mad Scientist podcast tomorrow. The f-bomb is like air to me...how censored am I? :)
How tragic would it be if I accidentally stepped on my niece's #JustinBieber CD? I'm glad she loves music but I'm DYING over here!
need my long hair back
I've been in every state but Hawaii so far I'm at home here in
how about not giving airtime to unrepentant cheaters whilst they are still banned?
you are so thoughtful my love- thank you for being such a wonderful person. X
was good cuh
it already felt like they were shooting into something as big as your mother in the 1st. You didn't see that coming, did you?
My family is so serious about this egg toss lmao
Thank you! Visiting family and spending time in the desert. I hope to come back soon to visit more of the city!
Getting settled in Greensboro, NC!!
Jk we got lost
I'm 75% sure that message I left on a potential employer's voicemail is my worst yet.
My Morning Jacket tonight at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium at 7:30pm
I KNOW! I caught that..Lol.
It's possible to think that all of this stuff is important and recognize also that some of it is more heavily symbolic.
Some people hear voices. Some see invisible people. The rest have no imagination whatsoever.
RT : The unofficial kickoff for summer fun starts next Friday! Our Memorial Day holiday weekend includes fireworks,......
Boss took me out to lunch today to a restaurant
Lol yeah. My 2nd block teacher is scary lol. So I wld defenitly not have it on lol
met a lot of celebrity types in radio, Adam gets the class act column. Genuine guy with good heart.
I guess I will take your silence as a no then. Awesome.
Huckleberry Jones sounds like the name of a comic book character
In Europe, Some Lovers of the BlackBerry Now Seek A New Flavor
very cool. Saw you @ SXi, btw. You were great. Big fan of your pod, also. Do you have plans for the next episode?
Just finished chatting w/ former #Brewers & current #Dodgers IF Jerry Hairston, Jr. Took time out despite preparing for start
"The distance can separate two eyes, but never two hearts..." <U+2665> <U+2665>
Thanks for the #FF mention!
Also saw the best friend of one of my best friends at Akron tonight and got a text from the other a few days ago
It is a lesson which all history teaches wise men, to put trust in ideas, and not in circumstances. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
what is your play about?
Yeah that was David Berkowitz. I'm trying to bring the good back to our family name!
hey Hannah. You're so close to 800 followers!! :D
just started book 2 of The Hunger Games. I can't put it down!
Nah, I'm a country fan. Dude puts on a great show.
Platinum Rule of Business: Do unto others as they want done onto them.
Girls that know how to pearl blunts >
In Saul Bellow LETTERS editor B. Taylor painstakingly thanks wide web of literati who helped him but misspells our own Elmer L Andersen.
lol forreal doe i cant take it no more. Niggas is hungry but aint got no food
Haha on this show I was watching at work this kid was coughing & these little girls just walked away, hecka messed!
Congrats and best of luck!
Great coaching call today soo blessed to have found such an amazing coaching group
Okay, first day of class. Go.
When asked where the millions of women who use #PlannedParenthood health services would go if PP were not available, said...
Mob movies for the weekend :)
haha! All votes count - even yours ;) Like the new profile pix!
I know it is. I'm playing with ya.
Sorry to say that I'm not shocked by the Davonte Neal situation. His dad sat in when I interviewed Davonte last month and had plenty to say.
hear hear. are these tech jobs? I thought maybe that was just part of the culture ...
That would really break the ice... ;)
RT : Watched nbc's RockCenter hit job on S.A.'s Texas Biomedical Research Institute. Biased hack job to get funding for...
thank you a ton!!!
Hey #Brewers fans, we got our guy going against the #Braves on #BaseballIQ on MLB Network tonight at 8:30!
Holy shit. Made some dope merch last night. Still a little drunk. En route to Milwaukee for a gig- will be tweeting all the way!
Mystery novel, blog post, TOTAL RECALL, and Kindereggs.
likewise, enjoyed chatting, see you at one of the events !
awww baby :((( feel better!!!!
i got the picture. Told you id get the last laugh.
Justin Bieber coming out with Mayweather
awful. Anyone who still thinks GOP is waging a war on women is not paying attention.
Going out 2 eat .
#Bears Bears Bears
HAHA Don't tempt me.
Ugh . Time for school -______-
as long as no resources were wasted to view it then I suppose it is acceptable
I miss you, too. Also, I hope your desk is just a hot man on all fours.
I would swear the guy next to me at the bar is actively "hogging" right now, except he seems way too excited. maybe she drugged him?
Hi Amber-Joi, I'm the editor for #HighGlitzLounge. Would like to interview you about your reign and platform.
Somebody took the A/C out of ACM! Waiting for the repairman but in the meantime it is hot in here!!
Sometimes you just gotta let haters hate lol! #CueTIsMotivation haha damm twitter, hating on you.
Wow never seen $ Mayweather get hit like this ... I like it! I ain't ever root for a puerto rican in my life but I am tonight!
let's do it! I'll try to connect with you at to plan.
-got Heart Attack on repeat! I <3 his words & voice!
Check out H. Mintzberg's Strategy Safari - awesome resource available free online in pdf with creative googling.
i love it when a song describes exactly how you feel.
#turntoyou reminds me do much of everything my mom went through to raise me as a single parent. Once again, thank you <3
- "Finish The Sentence" - Like a good neighbor, State Farm is there... with? (#Yankees Related) Top Tweets on: www.Chasing800.com
hey big man where were you for the match this morning?
mm will stay at home with family :D wbu?
Mark Ragan is presenting some very compelling SM tools and resources at the Mayo Clinic SM Boot Camp.
I'm such a good lover because I practice a lot on my own.
I have ate an insane amount today. Totally agree!
Night night! :) <3
Have a great weekend!!!
Are you a teacher? Did you attend #IRA2012? Did you get to see talk about ZillyDilly's place in the classroom? Let us know!
I always did want something named after me.
I'm done
But I thought all the Dr. Whos were on the tallish side. :-)
pretty good hard to explain
I'll be waiting
Will see who laugh last RT : , now u know waht it was like 4 the American ppl now u were ignored during tax negot.
starting this weekend ima be on grind wit the tweet & posts, just tryna make it, follow me plz, im tryna hop on that "GOOD MUSIC" bandwagon!
crispin's cider.
Darn. Thanks for letting me know!
how wonderful for you Herb!!! Glad you had a great Mother's Day!!! and hope you will have another beautiful wknd <U+2665> Aoede <U+266A><U+266B>
You know your getting a prime education when you watch the Matrix in sociological theory...
is this just bait? it's not intolerance when the other side works to suppress your rights & force their beliefs into law.
we miss you too!!! Wishing you were here with us!
leaving MIA tomorrow taking the girls to Disney this should be interesting
thats not bad! Its worth every penny imo! It's around $15 here. We import it :) #Belje Grasevina
Well, that was a nice quarter-and-a-half reprieve for the "defensive coach." Hope en enjoyed it.
CONGRATS TIGERS!!!! Big win over Alabama! 9-0 and ranked #1 in the nation feels good! :D
God morning :-)
I want some cookies & cream ice cream
Facebook users; check us out on MooreabeachLV. See you there also!
Just because hasnt followed,retweeted,or tweeted u doesn't mean she hasn't seen ur tweets.She may have seen one & smiled.<3
I'd like him better if he didn't swear so much.
Drink of the day is our GREAT Pumpkin Pie Latte. 10, 20, 30% SALE off entire store continues today. Come on in SHOP, SIP, and SAVE!
Working to do this through events, online opportunities, media relations. It's a newish position. Started in 7/09.
u in atl yet?
Start a kickstarter. I'm sure you can raise the cash by the end of the day. We need it in the office.
Those who live by the sword get shot by those who don't. WA WA WA WA :)
we gotta hang this summer..
Off to London tomorrow. Love doesn't even scratch the surface for my feelings toward Paris. <3
It's hard to find anyone to trust
Reverse gear is selected and the pedal is all the way down to the floor.
i need to sue him for trademark infringement!
the Kanye West episode. I was like -_- I was on his page and a fan before we were ebb called GRANDerz. Lol It was so long ago..
thanks for the follow & welcome!
Bored, bored, boring. I think I'm ready for school Monday :( so sad
crazy cheerlearders on air now
your new picture is gorgeous.
Word for Today: (Ready) Are you Ready. I'm Ready.
and no, I was not at Ron Paul. Don't even get me started on how mad I was haha. I had Journalism class AND I was sick with a fever!
Magic hands hold the indexes and incite short covering rally into the close. Could last a few days
is a great opener for ! Fun band.
H well lets just say he put me in my thought process of what life is worth living for, but I'm over it now at least.
#RNGeezies for life! :D
I agree, so we should refrain from retweeting that sort of rubbish :o)
Well I got that covered - as cute and charming as them all...but I weigh as much as all of them put together. Still interested?
I have to be frank I like being online especially when I'm not working! So how people get their work done and be on twitter all dam day!?!?
Didn't Marx say he looked forward to a society where we work in morning, learn in afternoon, and drink TWO Cokes at night?
My after school routine >>>>
fuck Mario Costa's gonna make me cum <3
nice meeting you
Which games do you play? RPGs?
I wish I was in New Orleans right now!!
That was the longest train ever
2012 Phenom Camper Phenom 150: Jackson Everhart °Rising 9th °Fort Collins, CO °Travel Team: Fever Black °Small Forward 6’2
Ah the devine aroma of fresh basil, a bunch in a glass in the kitchen, post farmers' market visit this a.m.
Good morning, Texas! Only a connection and 10 ungraded papers between me and PHX. Last day of the semester in Tempe!
Every book is a children's book if the kid can read! Mitch Hedberg
Hey I think we still need to paint Vajenna tunnel!
yeah cause ur a fag
i.feel.like.shit....this.sucks.butthole...
Ready for lunch? How about Chicken Bruschetta Penne? Grilled chicken, balsamic roasted tomato, fresh basil & goat cheese!
01/24/10, I posted: "Is it me, or are the refs allowing the Saints a few too many #Cheap Shots? #Saints #NFL C'mon #Favre"
Getting some ideas at the IT interest group.
#FF these amazing guys
Are you a #local #lajolla #sandiego business wanting an effective marketing campaign? Dm your email and lets get started!
thanks for RT!
missed you. Was there yesterday :(
I need a week or two off just to get caught up :/
Movie theater chairs are THE MOST uncomfortable thing in this entire world... I can't even enjoy my movie
No.... e.e you're not obese. -_- hey hey hey, you're only like an inch taller!
western ave okc. With no warning.
If you can't say anything good about someone -- here, sit right here by me. Ha-ha!
I have a boyfriend
oh i see <3 aw feel better
I'm loving the ride i get from these new shocks.I'm officially ready to take on the road, any road!!!!
that is us tomorrow!!!! Housekeeper Thursday!
Home sweet home <U+263A>
I know the feeling. Going to do a major closet clean out and list stuff on ebay! not too late for summer rite?
I need some plans for bday weekend need help
Hallelujia Chorus ringing out from all corners of Milwaukee, tonight...then I had to close windows...rain.
ill think bout it
RT - Might be going to a Patriots game this season in New England near Christmas time, possibly the Colts, Dolphins o...
I love Chicago! What a great city
Seems like Apple hates Facebook just as much as Google now
BTW, redesigned my blog a bit. Hope it's more engaging. www.stagemomma.wordpress.com... thoughts?
Alganon Trivia! What is the name of the race the side of Chaos created in response to the Kodian? First correct answer wins a beta key!
I myself would be very sad to see 's awesome features go away, too.
Oh of course, you guys are amazing! Friday's show was one of the best shows I've seen! Ridiculous talent and energy & hilarious!
Omw to D.Mills
Lower body + Intense stretching + 45 minutes on the exercise bike + plank. And, Day 2 of my no carb challenge COMPLETE!!!
what part of the US do u live in
gotcha, just busting your chops
after shooting 27.8% (5-18) from the field and committing 10 TO's, the Jam are only down 6points at the end of the first period (23-17)
Socrata is looking for permanent or contract web developers in Seattle. Virtual is OK for an exceptional candidate. LMK if interested
the Rangers going to the WORLD SERIES!!!!
Ruff day. Under tornado watch all day w/heavy rain & thunderstorms lightning strikes made 4 a bad recording day. Starting over 2morrow
I like this, mostly 'cause I'm not tapering at all. I took 6 weeks off in the middle of training, body's rested enough, damnit!
Don't speak <3
I really want to make a pistachio flavored cupcake. The spiced chai tea ones me and my friend made months ago came out so well!
sorry, I'm new to AA! Still learning your ins & outs...
Talk to us. We talk back. -zach
You don't have to feel like a waste of space. You're origial, cannot be replaced. <3
Nice. Just tell em to stop flyin all those black helicopters and then they'll leave you alone.
I don't think Kobe was to happy Steve Blake took that shot lol!
well I slept when I walked through the flower garden apparently
Playing in NYC tomorrow (Friday) at Angels&Kings, 7:45pm sharp! 21 and up to enter $5 at the door! 500 East 11th street
Sustainability more than thought at #ubuffalo. Art, science and technology merge at solar strand
Apparently I'm the only employee who speaks Spanish at #SamsClub today. I've had to translate a few times. It's fun and I LOVE it! :D
I wish that you will see this because I would LOVE it if u did and followed me<3 ily
July 1933:Nazis pass law allowing for forced sterilization of those found by a Hereditary Health Court to have genetic defects.
#artpolitics phase 2: voices of the dead ie wandering soul campaign in Korea
Braves Home Opener tonight!
Painting ceilings is the WORST. Ow!
GLOSS Moderne High-Gloss Shampoo extends the life of a keratin treatment (which I assume is the same as a brazilian)
Workouts these last couple of nights have been so good!! An amazing reliever to the boat-loads of stress and tension...
Let's go #SJSHARKS let's close this thing out today.
Yeah buddieee! Do it! You know what you guys should come to SEATTLE WASHINGTON next month
Thankz 4 following ••mauh•• so how can I be a angle??
Shoutout to all my new followers!! Still trying to figure this #Twitter shit out!!#Peace and
To follow Britney Spears or not to follow.. hm....
Nancy Friday~ When I stopped seeing my mother with the eyes of a child I saw the woman who helped me give birth to myself.
My rain dance appeared to have worked for a little bit, guess I better get back out and shake my booty a little more!
Reagan quote on Sat's show can't be from 1983. John Chancellor calls Reagan Governor. By 83, Reagan was Prez. cc:
i pod kick ass man oh yeah
I'm with you...
it's such a timeless song it's great
I feel so close to you right now, it's a force field <3
I am so excited for your new show tonight. I watched your comedy show marathon today in preperation. :-)
Settling in for a few minutes with my new issue of Tattoo Savage before bed. SO pooped. Come on Friday!
just writing a song... i don't know if it's a good song or not lol
Love it!
If Van, StL, NAsh & Hawks advance. Van vs Hawks & StL vs Nash LA wins. StL vs LA, Nash vs Hawks. Which is better for Hawks?
Had a bad dream and woke up with a broken heart.
everybody don't eat too much
Here's this week's #DC fun fact! At the #LincolnMemorial, #HonestAbe 's hands are in the shape of his initials in #AmericanSignLanguage! :)
Lmao! Not even! :p
buy me a pool <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
Apparently talking about periods make people uncomfortable. Seeing as the vast majority of the population tend to speak in run-on sentences.
Southern Nights @ MarBar in Royal Palm Beach. Great first night. It's every Saturday night w dance classes w the Chicks from 8-10pm.
Hey that's cool NBC thanks for finally putting a game on the main network.
Where are you going?
thanks - and looking forward to it!
couldn't be better #george&weezy lol. I'm in a great place in life. How's it 4 u.
We'd love any and all RTs on that info about our next Flatstock, #ff love too! Thank you!
Where are we? What the hell is going on?
yep, I'll do that for you at 3:15p in the
broken thumb are you kidding me??? Cutler has actually been pretty badass lately, this sucks.
My mom just told me her corndog is hard..
Join us for our last weekend at Living As Form. Thursday: Alphabet City Acupuncture, Local Spokes & LES Squatter-Homesteader Archive!
Actually looking like New England weather outside - Let it snow
Awww It's soo adorable! Unlike you :p
Done Follow Back ? (:
Thanks, Erica. We're all very excited about creating a neighborhood group serving the interests of area businesses and residences.
You're right, you're right that was a fake smile. And you're right, you're right I am in denial.
#YouWasCuteUntil I saw your true personality...
Me: mom my internet security is almost done i need you to redo it My mom: you got $70? Me: no Mom: then your screwed wow thanks
Another reason the industry should embrace irfd tagging
just wrapped up a #speedbusters shoot w/ Mt Pleasant Police. Good timing because it's starting to rain.
ah well good luck
b, ridiculous notion
My programmer friends are talking. They mentioned "STD-colon-colon-swap." That sounds fucking disgusting.
u do no don't
Whatever you think the world is withholding from you You are withholding from the world. ~
lol I'll be doing the same..
Brewer game tonight. Pre-gaming with my Bernie garden gnome. He likes to party.
Big questions at John Meyer #cies2012 keynote, responding to world system argument
Got old handle back. :-)
"Friends" is really a fantastic TV show. I love it!
Randy ass car.
A good BA is worth his (or her!) weight in gold.
CHICAGO!! CHICAGO! My mission is to win those tickets for May 30th.. You're the shit :)
Awesome news!!!!!
too busy for my own good, but slowing down a bit now. Just started freelancing, so it's a new world!
good or bad?
congrats! wish you coulda been a MN Viking but hey - NY ain't bad either! God bless u as you move Tebow mania to the Big Apple!
Do not try to minimize me so that you can seem much bigger
follow me on Istagram Loves ~
can't wait for your premiere at SXSW--is it badge holder's only?
Tailgating with franziiskaner, shook hands with pirates president coonley. What's the better part of that story.
now blasting #BlowYourSpeakers by none other than
God loves each of us as if there were only one of us..
#NMRealEstate was there a specific topic or have you finished?
Oh you have no idea. This bitch detective is about to get a serious ear full of Tiffany.
there are a ton of relatively inexpensive tickets to Uk's game in NYC in November on stub hub
Like free food? Eating at Tommy Bahama? Say password "RELAX" to your waitperson before 4/19. You'll like the result.
you cant whoop me thats all i know...so
Okay, So upsetting... The one day I plan something it decides to be a cloudy day.. WTF!!! whatever, no cloudy day will ruin this plan!
I don't get why some people look away when they are talking to you.
my child is sick & cranky >:[
or a drum corps/indoor line is practicing by ya... Or they are playing alone. Lol
You are the furry, aren't you!?
Wish I could be spider-man
RT : Today's #TEDEd: The brand new TED-Ed website is launching tomorrow!
woh woh woh don't be showing off now, lol....1 a week is a good pace for me...you doing more buisness stuff or SEO web stuff?
Your life you will meet two type of people.The ones that build you up and the ones that will brake you down In the end you will thank them
Employment Coaching Sat. from 10-2pm @ 506 Central Ave for resume building, public speaking, interview prep, etc. We've got great services!
RT : Karl: "My hope and desire is to continue to be a playoff team."
should I worry too much about the fructose composition of various fruits?
Don't ever worry about ur future love. U r beautiful & mr right will show up when u least expect it.
Thanks Robyn! How could anyone not want to see a #devops presentation w/ raccoons AND koalas? :)
Haha, you've done your part, Mike. Of course, we'd always love an RT of the trailer--it's been getting a lot of love lately.
“: Thanks to and for helping me host some fantastic events this year." Thank u!
Feeling worse today than yesterday... I think next year I need to do some kind of marathon training to prepare for Rage lol
nope. mention me last in a tweet how dare you. not friends in my book. swagggie
Just a reminder that the 43rd doesn't have a meeting tonight - every year in August we have our picnic instead. See you on Sept. 20th!
worked on beatz all day..hard work
#AskRyan Who's your favorite superhero? (:
U go girl!
Awesome! Keep it up Eric!
Looking for a company to install a couple windows in Commerce City, CO. Who wants the job?
Cycling class nearly killed me.
In st.louis to speak at an international center, 2 schools, and 4 church services. Please pray that will speak thru me loud and clear!
Via BGN's NJBammer: What player did you see in college that you think will have best pro career and why?
Oh, and did I mention that I've got Girl Scout cookies?! This day is kicking ass!
done and done. That looks amazing!!!!!!!!!!! Salivating.
RT Luck is quite predictable. If you want more luck, take more chances. Be more active. Show up more often." Brian Tracy
hahaha yes. I felt bad. He played a great game.
The malts for the South Wedge Summer Wheat are milled and ready to be brewed in the next few days!
Thursday the only place to be is fiesta grill in phx 16th n roosevelt. album release party! Co hosted by Rt.
Final total for June - we raised $110 for Interfaith Hospitality Network of Colorado Springs. Thanks to all who donated!
Doctor wishin me happy birthday and shit that's love
Will have to try these sometime but I'm only running 6 miles. Not up to the big leagues yet!
In MKE, we'd love to host you for a visit to one of our schools where our corps are working to support students.
I totally agree. He never should have done it. Inexcusable. But does he have a right in the theatre to not label it fiction?
I'm chewing gum, walking my dog and tweeting all at the same time.
Long live the CIAholes!
Going to see #future for the first time tonight...
Stayin up all night to get on Bangkok time. Wish me luck! ;)
I swear I always feel better after I go for my jogs
Friday the 13th. Guess who's Freddy..
Wheels up back to dc
Lastest IM Reviews Posts NEW ANDROID TABLET PC REVIEW SanDisk 16 GB microSDHC Flash Memory Card
yes both of them. haha
"You don't have to be great 2 get started, but you have 2 get started to be great" by Les Brown
Go Cats!! Congrats to Coach Calipari, Buster Brow, and the whole Big Blue Nation #comebackforseconds!
So I assume you would trade places with Katie Holmes in a heart beat correct?
The Nathan's fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest is America's way of giving the finger to every 3rd world country
Good night of Arabian Nights pinball at Shotwell's. didn't save the princess tho.
QUOTE OF THE DAY: "Your should read it. It's a book about how to make your website for the internet."
I know, right! It was really funny but unnerving. :)
Hello Matt Nordegren at LH gym. How's that stair master treating you
#MrW is a MACHINE! As our Feature he finished the College Season 71% 37 Unit Return & currently 68% NFL 29 Unit Return! BPOSport.com
- Awesome show last night !
not you...
Is it okay to DISOBEY Local Rule of the N.D Fla. Federal Court to carry out Autism bullying & abuse of a disabled Plaintiff by an attorney?
yup, just amazing how quickly they achieved their growth… $1.8M of wealth created each day of their existence!
ah ur the best daughter ever!! I love you and I would do anything for you!! :-)
are you into #fashion shows locally Jenny?
would your 5 year old self look up to who you are now? think about it
Forecast for Thursday: Sunny. Highs in the mid 70s. North winds 10 to 15 mph.
Happy New Year Everyone!!! :)
The countdown clock is started....... 25 days: 11 hours: 59 minutes: 10 second www.sofiafellini.com
I used Coda when I was Mac-based. Loved it. Had to go PC, use EditPlus now.
Taylor Hicks RT : Bored with this game. Think I need to totally revamp my music library. Any band/song recommendations?
lol. well put. RT I wish that report also talked about social media as a % of overall revenue. 40% of nothing doesn't mean much
Tried a cheaper cat food and Soot brought roadkill into the house. Damn, everyone in this family is a foodie.
Re baby squirrel. That's probably the reason why I liked it. Gives me reassurance that the world is still loving & helpful
So yeah it was definitely Alli.
FREE MATTHEW TURNER CASE
If Rodgers can't get the job done, I'm sure Flynn can throw for another 480 yards. Go Pack!
": I wonder if a receptionist at a sperm bank has ever used the phrase "thanks for coming"" now this is what I want to do
Wow!! There aren't words to describe the beautiful music sung by Choral Union!
Left cheeck, right cheek.
. "Drift" - very easy to stop things in DC. Corporations can easily get legislators, regulators to not do things
RT I am so very p90xsore today. Why didn't someone remind me that writing>exercise
And thanks for responding to the last couple of questions I've asked!
Pre-qualify to win the prize pak library listen & win .com
Diggin' the tunes.
RT : We may affirm absolutely that nothing great in the world has been accomplished without passion. Hegel
don't let your right hand know what your glad hand is doing: the mark huntsman story
I think he could have used more work on smoothing out those awkward pauses but overall he said the things people needed to hear
Please post video link ASAP.
I can send that along to the jazz programmers mailing list and see what happens. Let me email you in a sec...
What good does it do to have a Bucket List if your Bucket has a whole in it? ~ Lisa Morgan
MedlinePlus.gov is a very reliable medical resource, but god, it's search function stinks
Picked a perfect day to wear a white shirt... -_-
haha it's okay (:
Odd turn of events.
you are a true inspiration to me and all your fans. And i absolutely loved your movie Never Say Never ! <3 :)
#Cosign #Swag RT : I take better care of my hair than most u bitchess .....
of course that's all you want... lmao #junglefever !!!
American criminal justice is frustrating. Seeing criminals working the street and the innocent locked up. Our freedom awaits!
please please follow me! i love you so so so much!:D<U+2665> i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 1
After the rally? Everyone was an asshole; shoving, cutting 1 another off to get to their cars + being dicks on the road. Pt 2
I do plan to be at the launch attempt. See you there!
Yes your tweets are showing up :)
We are NOW HIRING Promoters | Bartenders | Bottle Girls. Send Resume to:
you tearing up those mean streets of Washington bro? Hope it's not raining. I hear mother nature gets it in that way
rangers won.
I choose love, passion, & extreme faith in a pre-destined plan for my life! I also choose to deeply care for teenagers-tough wrk
The Great Gatsby in 3D? Here's hoping they drop Rambo in there.
who slapped themselves on that verse?
Whoa fb chat online by accident & I get 6 Hi's from random guys. That's why I always keep it turned off smh
Glancing quickly at this I saw you saying something about rubbing one out “: Feels great to run one out on my home turf!”
My mom finally ordered my internal hard drive for my laptop, yes!
I love your song "Call Me Maybe"
Finished A business litig. binding arbitration. Closing arguments by briefing instead of live. Mid 6 figures at stake in 2 related cases.
A cappuccino with a swirl of foam in the shape of a heart.
MY GIRLFRIEND BEING A ASSHOLE I need convo people
so tired
I've never seen such a huge case of spring fever as this week at Georgetown.
trying to!
This service is more intimate.
Thank you and have a wonderful Thanksgiving this season.
Any arena/fan base that uses the chicken dance at a playoff game does not count as true hockey fans
Happy Fat Tuesday!! Can't wait to watch tomorrow night :) Cheers to Mardi Gras!
RT Trying to kill a spider but you missed and thinking, "It's going to kill me in my sleep"
": Well the T is a disaster...going on 45 min commute." -twitter is for news Michael. You know that.
#breitbart is the reason I follow most of the people I follow and the reason I know about the conservative movement. Will be missed!
aww ok. Well next time u come back on this side of the map u should let me know
Looking forward to seeing you at NAKland on May 21.
YOU FAN, YOU BELIEBER
Tiger!!! Im his good luck charm. 3 birdies since I started watching.
I would be a mess! I really hope they find it. I know how much work you put into your pieces.
I'm so proud of my babies. :')
Life knocks u down but,God will always help u back up. May God bless u and his Angels surround u.
Congrats on 25 years (this weekend) of highlighting the best in WI
MT : a BIG thank you for going to #attawapiskat and the worldwide attn u r bringing to this. THANK U
Grossman out & Rinaldo not suspended is good for the #pens. Rinaldo will take at least one dumb penalty.
#PCGaming is not dead nor will it ever be. It's alive and spreading to the masses with new devices, apps and free-to-play games.
#ImHopingThat a hole in the ground opens up while u walking and u fall in
Happy Belated Birthday!! :)
its nitetime in dallas and still 100 degrees outside smfh
I'm sorry but unless your playing for the buccos which isn't out of the question it's unacceptable
ha I was like "damn he can almost shake his ass better than me" LOLOLOL
It's raining outside. Time to go to deep thoughts mode......
Nice! Love the pecs!
ok, we just upgraded to newest Flash, maybe that fixes the issue. It looks like a Flash rendering problem.
When the Brewers signed Doug Davis?
Bynum got taught something real quick
#TRUTH IS WHEN I SAY I LOVE YOU ND YOU SAY IT BACK
Sold. I totally should've taken Amtrak. If only I'd known I'd be coming from OAK...
I'm not with my mom, she's in Brazil! but we had lunch together on Skype! =D #lovetecnology!
I always dream too much and never sleep enough
Bella's Pizza in Smyrna? Don't mind if I do :)
Dallas clubbin with my bitches
Sad I have to miss this year but looking forward to it next year
"Pocket universe?" Is that a Men In Black 2 reference?
I doubt that the imagination can be suppressed
Just bought my tickets for the Mets game on Friday! YES!
A live wiiirrrreeeeeeee
#onlyskinnyppl wear tight ass shit and create a movement
@ Quicken Loans for the last segment of today's event
Great film B Harbet!
Harper went yard tonight
Gorgeous weather here in Traverse City! Get out and enjoy all this sunshine.
March is Voter Awareness Month!
nope, we'll have people at the Texas Ironman, but I'll be on vacation.
The #NewYorkKnicks choked and I am so disappointed that I probably will not even watch the next game; we are awful in the fourth quarter.
This makes ideal sense for FB since they only care about what is of "the moment" to keep building their momentum. FB is annoying.
shout out!!
Fisher is more of a Trojan mule. Slow, small, and a mix between a horse and an ass.
you were being sarcastic about the overboard comment right?
the morning is flying! hopefully the afternoon does the same
UNCHARTED3 BEST PS3 GAME EVER!!!!!!
you're making me extremely excited to see tomorrow.
great space here in SOMA SF very clean, quiet and comfortable. Love having multiple option to go to in the city
hahah seben. Well, your show was great last night. :)
Poor man..in the face
I like how as soon as I beat Hour of Twilight, my step mom said she was at my house. I didn't think I was going to beat it in time. :P
I could sure use an episode of Doctor Who tonight!
Thanks for sharing, Beautiful piece,
2am and I am making red velvet cupcakes for an early morning delivery.
and tonight at Anybody else stoked?
why r u there..
At least I know I'm not alone in bemoaning lack of support / follow-up from re: AMEX failing to update. Thanks, tweeps
I'm just thinking of stuuff.. I don't know... just thinking. Ha. Long story.
That really made my day
lame niggas be quiet you in the presence of a real nigga
Madison Tweeps: check p2 of 2day...great article, "Know Your Madisonian" by Thx 4 the heads up Dennis :)
Simply put, I love 's free private git and mercurial repos.
I'm just wondering why the hell pistol dueling fell out of vogue. American presidents used to shoot people left and right. Why'd that end?
Welcome new follower & amazing #Vegas attraction !
Slow talkers suck.
beating on prime ministers? Niiiceee
Thanks for the RT! About that time for the FREE wine tasting. Cheers!
International book club for reading coffee in Japan!
Shoutout to for being my bestest friend ever! <3 Go follow her
okay, so NBC management couldn't leave #Eureka alone
baby we were born to love.
Someone standing near me at is eating a McDonald's value meal
You think Kobe has bubble-guts or leaky faucet?
RT : Children built aircraft for Barrington Irving to fly around the world!
u look amazing with dark hair
599 calories above sea level>>>>>
hey....stop trying to steal Jesus' birthday!
I just wanna go on a bike ride
okay, then this weekend.
amanda brandon and troy : ) we will have a spare bedroom for you to crash in
Really salty today
. Hi Naomi. Nice that u got to connect & catch up w/ ur brother. I'm still hoping to have a cup of coffee/drink w/ u next trip. :)
Was this filmed before or after he quit the church? RT : Mary Mary done called Mase for a feature. Jesus, guide the bus!
I've been getting shit for hating on Hanie too, looks like we're right though!
If ur that one person who always lies people know it so don't try to convince people to believe anything u say work in the am night :)
The FTHB tax credit ends in less than 3 weeks. Don't let $8,000 slip away from you!
the results are in 3 A's 2 B+'s, coulda done better but
Honk Honk (soundtrack to sexual harassment)
Why the hell is my old twitcon showing :((
Is Karl Rove's face available? MT : Dealing w/ Bain now requires putting a human face on Romney business background.
Can someone tell me how to insert a picture into a DEN blog?
well if I went from having 90 days to having a lot more it would look like I was lying on the reporting to them. that is concern
SUNRISE PHOTOSHOOT AT THE BEACH THIS SUNDAY JULY 10TH. MESSAGE ME IF INTERESTED.
Happy #EarthHour - the lights are down here at BIN 36, are yours?
u are so twitterfied. How's the life going bro?
If you see today, make sure to wish him a happy birthday. He's 16! Yikes!
Happy New Year
Codename kids next door....my newest/oldest favorite show <3 ;)
Cutch is Clutch!
Your haiku tumblr is fantastic. Just wanted you to know you have +1 loyal reader.
I got freaked out about the plane shaking and not being able to hold steady. Now, I'm sequestered in memphis. (not actually)
The quandary: Standby on a flight already mechanically delayed an hour or stay on my departure in an hour on a sound bird?
Thanks! :) I feel great about it now! Gonna give it my all! I owe it to my coach!
McKenna: go to my Facebook page. It's the drudge report of Wisconsin
When a subject becomes totally obsolete we make it a required course
that shit is tight cuz I feel y'all flow man yall killed that thang
"Be who you are and say what you feel, because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind." Happy birthday Dr. Seuss!
Wondering when cankles will become a favored body part.
I don't doubt that to be honest. Unfortunately, it can't all be fake accounts. Some fans are just that crazy.
i'm sorry for real, though.
Is it Saturday yet? We can't wait for , "The Winemakers," to host "The Rhone Valley, A river Runs Through It."
Seems too complicated, plus I think it would need a gesture version to gain traction.
Jersey Shore soon :)
All parts of a perfomance are important,do NOT underestimate the "details"
Too scared to lead climb today. Think I'll stay at home to watch videos.
#edusadoha useful discussions and best practices on US and MENA university linkages
Hug your dog. Let him/her know how much you love them.
true but be patient. yours will be joining the Mavs next week as well. they can fish together. peace out and have a good 1
Have a wonderful night everyone!!! Swtdreams :)
some really embarassing after taking it lolol
Support Envy Protege Designs by visiting the Face Book "Envy Protege Designs" and clicking "Like!" Thank You!!! every click isa BIGsupport<3
not yet, but we did have a bacon tart, bacon chocolate chip cookie, and bacon ice cream last night at
This lady sitting behind me not only speaks a different language but keeps looking at me as if she is going to rob me when I fall asleep
I gave in! I'm officially on twitter...
Today is the info meeting for dance at the highschool!!!!!
Be sure to make it out Sunday at 1 pm for our match against Jacksonville!
Congrats! Hope you had a great run!
Just had the most amazing dinner courtesy of Edge Hill College, Lancashire w/ and Jane Clarke Rocks!
drove down pch to pacifica today....Ridic! Good to have ya back in norcal. We been holding it down for you
All in good time! You'll get it all done, and it will be fabulous.
Very saddening no one my age thinks of the thinks I think of......
The day which we fear as our last is but the birthday of eternity.
Howdy! New to the twitters?
would love to learn more about the available dev API. , thanks!
true test of character: it isnt how u are on ur best days, its how u are on ur worst days. reality tv & life lessons.
At least 's Twitter profile picture is appropriate.
Time to relax
lucky well that's true i wonder if she will make you sit there and do nothing.
Friday dinner with some friends and probably costume and club on sat!!! Want to come to dinner Friday???
UC Davis students, this alumna and former staff member is proud of you. Keep up the good, peaceful work.
Why you gotta be on my friends tho...like tf-.- aha damn.
I wanna go to queens and the bronx today but I have too much hw :(
Preperation + Audition ='d My CALL BACK!
Under the federal tax code, the NFL is classified as a nonprofit organization.
awesome! When will you be on?
Thanks again for the connection .. I had a great time with 's crowd tonight. (Let's do this again!)
Success - They can because they think they can.
Did line 14 hawthorne to SE Foster just stop..yes I am the reason..catchUP <Belinda Jackson>
Imagine for yourself a character, a model personality, whose example you determine to follow, in private as well as in public
Women in Business Conference attendees use #kogodwomen to get all the latest updates before and during the conference!
I have to stop working for an early birthday surprise from Greg? Well...ok. :-)
now that I just may believe! all's fair in the virtual stratosphere (?)
And right now, if I move to twice per week, I'd still have a lot of May covered...
I just had a weird vision of "The Battle of Helms Deep" and micro-sized humans.
there's a book called Smashing Wordpress. It's great at explaining
cool. Who have you had out there so far? We should link back up and let me get the acts out there for you.
": Follow and gain 3+ followers from me #LetsDoit"
i kno u do
. Money can't buy talent. Auto tune only goes so far. But hey, if I had the money I'd do the same thing.
Shopping for diamond earrings to cure a crappy day? Sure, why not.
Friday what?! What are yall up to this weekened? How about some #FF's? I'd love it if some of you put me in yours! :)
don't tease me you little lectroid.
Obama announces after "soul searching" that he now supports gay marriage. Gee wiz, sure am glad he cleared that up for us!
didnt i text you...and me and jazz walk all the time. You are losing your lil sis credibility...
i may or may not have eaten a chocolate bar for breakfast this morning. oops.
yea for sure
Yes! He just got home from doing stand-up at a new club,
Love love love stripping to mastodon!!!!!!
Just failed my last algebra II test of the year<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
last day off before i have to work tomorrow...bouncing is boring as shit on a thurs
IGreat weekend, now time to figure out these next couple days. How was your weekend?
Will do! Thanks!
o well ok, dnt b gettin n no trouble I kno where u b @, lol
Ok....im listening to French Kiss by n im curious....where is a bottom lip on our pussy?????
I'm pretty sure Crash has that one locked up for the foreseeable firure
#FaceOffFridays #TheDBSC #FTL 'ALL NIGHT!' Come party w/ the young wavy nigga$
Everybody is a genius...if U judge a fish by its ability 2 climb a tree, it will spend its whole life believing that iti s stupid. ~Einstein
Boarded the plane. I have a coffee, a juice, Snickers, Esquire, a book, my glasses, a phone, a Blackberry, an iPod and a pen.
One kid has a three-day-old scratch on her elbow she keeps calling attention to. Now that it's trendy, my whole class has elbow ailments.
its comical how people make assumptions but yet they know nothing about that person
Chuck Norris has two speeds: Walk and Kill.
One of my all time favorite novels. Make sure to read "On Stranger Tides" as well.
well, I couldn't sound obsessive : )
Congratulations to all the Communication Studies students recognized at the department's Student Achievement Night!
your event was great
Merry Christmas ho ho ho. Santa came last night I saw him.
It's crazy how people are always expecting others to do things for them when you should take initiative & start doing things for yourself!
please follow me! (:
TO THE WINDOW TO THE WALL TILL SWEAT DRIPS DOWN MY BALLS!! ALL DEEZ BITCHES CRAWL! AWWW SKI SKI MOTHER FUCKER<3
attended the San Francisco Symphony opening night gala. Ms. Jessye Norman was tremendous!
you are rude.
So at I've gotten two new nicknames: "TeDiva" and "Teddy RockSassy" lol
Who shops at Thrift Stores or Second Hand Shops?
r u here my love?
I'll have to watch tomorrow.
Thanks wearing sweater that I wore to his show when we got engaged. just said thats what a 16 year old girl does!
A life-sharing app producing quasi-artistic content is not worth 1B. 1M AdDroids who us it (and then 100M adopting soon) might be though.
2013 :-/ but I DO want to come experience Turkey. Every time I see a doc or TV show about it I think about you 2.
If you over 18 and posting youtube vids everyday for 14 year olds, You need a job
I have too many damn songs to remember these joints.
Thanks for following. What book are you reading right now?
M<U+01B4> Twitter = M<U+01B4> Tweets, Your Opinion Is NOT Always Needed.
Tiger…I couldn’t help but notice your posture putting with these new shoes! Maybe the change in heal elevation is the problem?
We are too! It'll be very informative & we'll have refreshments too. And make sure to bring pen & paper! 8000 Palomas Ave NE, 6pm
Oooohhh tell me what you think. I'm lovin' on her right now...that's not what I meant...
what day and on what stage are you playing for strawberry jam and toast?
im pretty sure we missed you back ;) lol its gorgeous outsidee!!
what are you talking about? He's great!
I don't want my feelings to be messed with anymore .
Lol, i love how twitter sounds like tweeter with a southern accent
2 great pairs so far!
Life is a process of becoming, a combination of states we have to go through
rapping=perfection <3
TOUR TOUR TOUR TOUR TOUR TOUR TOUR TOUR TOUR TOUR TOUR.......that is all we want
thank you. It and mad men are my priority.
Kimberly Clark employees should take more pride in their premium white paper products
Looking for a web programmer........who is good?
hi! Is it 9 where you live yet?? *Bretana*
Including the twelve year olds on SW lmfao
You can't overdose, but it does have a proven laxative effect.
dang, totally missed the Quest for the Lost Maya tonight! I'm guessing it was an awesome lost hour...
you and your 8 hours a day of writing :) I cant wait though to read it !
Instead of publicly wishing my mom a happy Mother's Day, I'm going to call her. Like in ye olden tymes.
congrats on the new show!
Jim Tressel is my prediction! Go Colts!
If anyone wanna hang. I'm sitting in Caffebene. Excellent view and the MOST comfortable seating area ever. Except the internet is crap
Forgot how good the Manics are
wat u doin my bday today so proud bout to go to the movies any ways wudupp
#ConfessionNight I flirt alot with females
Stories are in my head whispering in my ear to come out.
I'm going to fast today in dedication to a peaceful world. May humanity's future be bright.
Do not suffer from insanity; you might as well enjoy it..
My cousin just told me he heard dat sum guys where gunna jump me tomorrow..... idk if ima go to skool tom.
not using correct grammar in my typing beacuse i dont feel like it.
Why would I have a dull aching since I work up this morning in my leg?
Thank you #FF #goodkarma is always welcome!
thought you turned it in?
most incredible string of hashtags I have read to date...
Today, I hypothesize, men sweated over turkeys.
maybe ill see you there!
the new website looks awesome!
Thanks for the
Fight them for it. A ticket for 77 in a 70 is garbage to me really. Sorry that it happened.
Night everybody...
how was the heat game up close? did tara wear black?
Please follow !! He will follow back and ladies.....he's quite the hottie;)
Ok feeling good today :-)
So that just happened...
It's official we have reached the 700 followers mark. Thank you all of your for following. More news to come.
Coldplay is amazing. That is all
Huge decision: Leather Rocker+Big Screen > Bed + 20" tube
Watching Paul blart. Still love this movie
that is so disturbing I can't stand it.
The battle for who's more in the pocket of special interests continues between &
bahahahahaha ya she was for sure.
Bulls are fighting tonight!
#Salon Tip: If your salon clients have to wait.. make them wait in the retail area of your salon!
Thanks for the follow, sir!
great to connect with you Beverly!
Its the time of year whe high school kids start to take over my union...
text mee!!:D
me too!
i really miss U...
“: I just raised a glass and listened to "I feel home" in honor of my friend Ricky Hendrick. #O.A.R ” :)
The Fighter has some of the best cocaine scenes I have seen since walking down the lower Eastside of NYC on New Years Eve
#rappersbetterthansouljaboy nobody cause they SHOULDA NEVER GAVE YOU NIGGAS MONEY
#thingsimiss reality. When was the last time I spent a whole day without checking out all the nonsense on this interweb thing?
Honored to be a Muskie RT : “: Chris Thomas has committed to Xavier.” congrats on the move
tweet me if you want me me to sing to paramore or other songs that you like
hoopin out Pitt if u tryin to go
Thx for the follow....followimg you too!
#HappyMothersDay she's not on twitter... but I miss and love her so very much... excited to skype today :)
Top 3 Natural Stretch Mark Cures – Eliminate Stretch Marks Now ...
I miss your crazy butt !
She dont want me waching porn cause she thinx I get turned on by it WRONG! I was already turned on b4 I started waching. I was born that way
It's March 19th, do you know where your #birchbox is? Cause I don't know where mine is.... :(
you've never worked in the service industry before, have you? ;)
You *love* us!
Ya u got me there never heard of Clearfield County!! Hope u have a good time!!
Hey girl! I got your form. Just added you to the list. ;)
Colt McCoy may go from being displaced by 28-year-old Brandon Weeden to backing up younger 28-year-old Aaron Rodgers.
yea I was there forever I got shwasted!
Arrieta snares come-backer from Mauer and gets a double play.
Inspired by at #wineweb, I'm making new time rules on my computer. Seeking recommendations for free time-management tools.
thank god!
CONGRATULATIONS! eat up before the honeymoon diet ;)
So is it constructable? : )
Bon Voyage to our Mktg Coord , who's off to Africa for 3 wks, building ball fields w/ Dan Wilson's foundation. Safe trip.
Looks good to me. Thanks for the rec.
I dare you to RT this.
Saw #thelorax tonight. Cute, but not many rhymes...not so Suessy.
LOL RT : One thing we all know for certain - Kazaam would never have airbrushed abs.
Great time at Russia House with , , and others. Post-conference excellence!
lol! I'm wearing red for the Rebs :)
There's something called a TV that will still allow you to watch...It's kind of old technology, but I like it! LOL!
thank you!!!!! You get a prize now! lol you know
Sucha relaxing day..
Hahaha yesh victorious I was finally able to change my username and if it didnt change just ignore this tweet
Listening to a Lunch Marketing webinar with and !
finding makeup that's open and getting it all over the place...blush and powder everywhere...
This old lady's wandering through the grocery eating everything in sight and stuffing the wrappers in her pockets.
Why do people spell things wrong ON PURPOSE?
aw. good luck, dear.
Ugh my goodness! <U+E40E>
I don't watch tv, I watch Starcraft :D
the original vetoed trade was already giving up way too much for Paul... perhaps L.A. realized Stern did them a favor
oh && BTW.. did you read the little note I left you in your agenda? ((;
bring a friend and split a bottle of wine with dinner tonight - 1/2 off!!!!
Action: The widow Gaddafi sends me an email to help her transfer funds. My Reaction: Yeah, let me get on that...
Pay attention to what people do, not what they say
Doing my part!
This i think is my favorite quote for all you sports fans out there
Deloitte is onsite auditing r books & sent a box of cupcakes 4 their hard work. 12 for 3 staffers-I am now the proud owner of carb goodness.
Mass notification systems aren't just for emergencies the uses are endless for businesses, schools and athletics.
I don't think that makes you dumb, at all. I'll have to try this game some time though.
Hey , do us proud at Sundance Cinema Houston.
Should i do anything tonight....hmm
just did
She messed up my white tea smh
Thanks ! Have a great weekend!
Thanks for the follow Happy Monday from everyone at Vox!
down during a ufc and primetime college football on the west side of Madison, WI
lol love it!
"A closed mouth will never get fed." So are you going to continue to keep your mouth closed and strave? Or are you going to open your m ...
Digital Internet Marketing
how about my cats fave: walk on head of sleeping human?
Overweight kids with muffin tops should not be wearing belly shirts. I can only say... WTF!
my quote of the year...friend: nothing's changed. me: yet everything's stayed the same.
Questions for Tracy Sleep?
Kendrick Lamar has a good vocabulary. That's raw!
it doesnt feel like im sleepy?
haha i want him to notice me but i dont know if thats cute :p
Just signed up for Paypal mobile on my android. Cool feature. Take a pic of your check & it gets deposited to your account!
I wonder how much Sacha Baron Cohen will get sued for this time.. The Dictator looks hilarious
You should be, Maggi got out of hand, was really kinda sad to see her do that to herself
grind gone turn into shine be patient
I thrive on coffee. THRIVE!!
It's #sunday get yo #church on however u do. Then listen to us on #rhapsody!z
Just sent off book proposals...wish me luck!
hey Mr Landrum! I received a tasty cupcake from the neighbor last night...life is good in the Bay...you and snow friends?
wait, we're not rich now? define rich. and i guess, for that matter, define cool. ()
$400 favorite? That little vacay you just proposed is giving my hourly rate a good run.
Inspiration for the day: a fat one-legged pigeon. Get it, pidge.
I know! For sure no one does that, and in such an eerily classy way? I love it.
good! Jealous of you meeting hahaha
Your #car deserves a #spa day! Mention #Twitter to get 30% off any #detail! We're MOBILE & #ecofriendly! #sandiego #sd #auto (619) 928-4848
come see the light
love ya girl!
At DC Env Network for a brown bag discussion about food service packaging and waste management. Yay, trash talk!
sending good vibes!!! i have no doubt you will not get it though, haha
Can't say I have the same sentiment. Not only is it not fair, but who's going to pay for this?
Management Tip of the Day: Don't ignore your Gen-Xers
Cher Lloyd singing Love The Way You Lie<U+2665>.<U+2665>
Need a drink ASAP
Is it a surprise to anyone that Damon punked out? A big mouth doesn't make a big man.
": An #Aquarian has sex appeal inside and outside of the bedroom"
Ain't nobody dope as you, your Tweets are so fresh so clean.
Hello Bloomington. Oh how I missed you.
Instead, the 50 state attorneys general ask Congress to clarify TCPA requires cos to get written consent before they robocall consumers
": #marchmadness will do that to you lol" for you and I: less tweeting, more coaching this time next year!
soundcloud spam is just strange.
Omg my time line is nothing but and lmaoo but It don't Evan bother me lol
A5 I heard Palenque is quite interesting. Would love to make it there.
When was the last remix where they actually SWITCHED the beat up? And it was Hot?
Our short film A younger Man accepted into Berkshire Film Festival in June. The first of many. Yah
we're helping Miami's Haitian community get access to legal and public services, but we need your help!!
I'm going to bed, if I die tomorrow "glitter farting rainbow animal" will be my last google search.
#WhenAustin randomly tweets a fan. :)
are you casting for Lonely Ash. I would like my daughter to audition through actors access. Is there an email submission?
I missed your nice tweet! You're welcome, did anything come of it?
+ to get them familiar to the school and immigration rules, and also life in the US.
if ur talking about Jersey shore i agree x100000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
Vegas Uncork'd Day 3: Attendance record, sold-out Grand Tasting, clambake: By Robin Leach (contact) Charlie Palmer at the Clambake at...
Just navigated UN security to deliver The Advocates' comments on Liberia's report to CEDAW. Am now proud bearer of grounds pass to UN HQ.
michelle gets embarassed, obviously she has the humility her other half is missing
I am finally watching ridiculousness & look good
Studio, studio, studio work... and a new podcast coming soon!
Conrad Murray: Judge issues another blow to defense
Was that directed at ?
Glad you enjoyed it, pretty tough ending though :) I don't know if I could live with just a head LOL
- probably the 1st time ever we didn't run into each other Good to see U doing well though.
I heard he was a nibbler tho when people see him cause he gets so excited!
After Delonte West's wet willie on Hayward, I'm betting Chase Budinger will be on the lookout for an atomic wedgie tomorrow.
We'll be featuring our Tres Leches cake on special tonight at our Balboa Park location! Served with our homemade Mango Banana Sorbet. Yum!
HOW'S THE NEW YEAR SO FAR I HEAR IT'S POTENTIALLY BORING
Found a Bushnell yardage finder on the golf course. Someone is sick to their stomach right now. Do not dismay my friend.
lol have no clue.. how you doing?
My tummy hurts like a fucking bitch!
thus is what's next on the Internet.
Bee too long since I stepped inside The #Meathook should I get the country Pate or just some bread and jerky? -JW
Reports that Gerald Wallace is a Net and Camby will be a Rocket. With 15 minutes left in trade deadline, who's next?
#WIAA girls hoops will move to Resch Center in Green Bay in 2013 and '14, boys to stay put at Kohl Center in Madison to 2020.
“: Our love was comfortable and so broken in. -john mayer” this is what you say when you look back at it... Not current
good Luck . You'll be fine. Hope everything goes well.
"The quality of a person’s life is in direct proportion to their commitment to excellence, regardless of their chosen field of endeavor.”
I would be investing major $$$$ into the japanese hair straightening system. Miami is pretty awful too with the humidity.
Thank you for letting staff go home early and letting us arrive late the next day! KEEP WARM Albuquerque!
Tonight's message from my yogi tea bag tag: "Say it straight, simple & with a smile." =)
im about to blow yo whole timeline up like its 9/11 but its 11:33 you see..did that kinda rhyme or no? lol
I will never forget him not calling me back or returning emails regarding violent crime in my neighborhood.
": #TwoThingsThatDontMix weave an water"
No! Just some fires at work ...
lol its just mesed up with the new judges
rough night ?
Wait so they like all won?!
Great Job of Breaking ALL BLAZERS news! This is why I listen and stay connected!
I need a new Clutch!!! Fuckkkkkkk <U+E416>
is that the first time you were bumped over a conflicting Lunch w/Mom appointment?
We could make (for ex) Wunderman's Off-Site Conference Rooms - and flag/add-challenges to all the watering holes staff frequent
My new swimsuit came from today! Maui here I come!
The changing nature of work
yes. It's working. Welcome back.
A sexy Brazilian Bikini Wax at Viva Brazil for $22! ($45 value)
#retweet ~> : My outstanding talent of cursing really shines through during Traffic.
Noncompete news: Ninth Circuit holds employee data theft is not punishable ... - Lexology (registration)
We are having SOLR problems right now, so we've taken the site down for temporary maintenance. Sorry for the inconvenience.
RT : You've gotta tame the beast before you let it out of the cage
Its a love story baby just say NO !
NO BALLS
#teamfollowback #vacations #eastcoast #earthquake did any one feel that??
Work it is!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0>Thank God for this day <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008C>and oh How I love being a mortician!
ChildRT : <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3> why you way up there? And when the last time you talk to ya girl?
What a GREAT present!!
I know wth! Where have you been?
Miss my huns..cant wait to kiss them at 6...
We need to make an appointment for you for your dress unless you want to go buck naked.
Time for a fresh green bowl. <3
I fell in love from the moment we kissed, Since then we've been history.
Time for a beer...pre-gaming then PCL bound. GO TIME Let me know if you need anything 480.612.3337
I love the flavors you put together in your recipes! So unexpected!
lol! Eventually! Over thousands of years. Like the time it takes for a volcano to become a mountain.
Ok, so #tomgoldman won our #oscars ballot too.
today... tweaking film script, learning perl, updating weather genie, preparing an ipad photo app demo for major interview tomorrow
First, there is a mountain. Then there is no mountain. Then there is.
Facebook IPO next month... Not trying to get in on it, but still going to effect me
NKOTB & BSB?????? WTF????!!! All pigs unite against this reckless garbage!!!!! WET WET
I'm starting Tess of the d'Urbervilles.
Just win, Baby! Just win!!
My dad is making like pepper soup or something and it is buring my throat!!
ME PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE!! Haha me and my friend would be like so happy and we could play skype ping pong!! <3 haha
there were a bunch, I was the only dude. We had the whole crew there!
I think I need to go disc golfing with you! Hope you're using the helmet attachment.
Empty net goal by Brad Ross makes it 3-1 #Hawks! Looking for sweep tomorrow night!
you know it. I'll be putting my drink in a pineapple!
Life's a bitch, 'cause if it was a slut, it'd be easy.
good luck everyone at worlds today! UA ALL DAY! <3
She the shit, I'm manure.
Best workout ever NFL ready draft thursday
o no! I just saw this tweet! Everyone is starting to pack up now....
Got music ideas on muh mind!
Thanks,I have 3+ years molbio lab research/mgmt but just got MPH so looking for public health jobs (policy, research, advocacy).
omg that's crazy I'm sure I can do that with my belly button lol
lol same here I feel your pain.TGIF
#Scorpio MB guy of the day: Roc Royal
indeed. There should have been two photos
DJing at the Capitol Club tonight with DJ Edis - stop by and have a drink with us!
Twitter can't impeach the President of the United States. What are the charges anyway?
yo shut up
KCJA jazz night out in KCMO w/ Mike Pagan Trio on Thur. Jan. 20
Sneaky Smile ima watch out for U lol!
very cool
Yep. Are you wondering what that is?
What it says: "Do not touch." What I read: "Touch when nobody is looking."
For all the times people write 'stunning' on Facebook, we should all pretty much be on the floor.
FOLLOW FRIDAY!! FOLLOW ME
I haven't driven to Bellaire by myself in years. I got some really bad flashbacks while driving in. Those days are over!
How is it tonight?
I was going to cook an epic dinner, but I just don't have the energy. I hate being sick.
Death makes you realize that you shouldn't waste time on things that don't make you happy.
#np Show Stopper ;)
Well that is a a sketchy response.
anybody get a #wheresChorizo statue??
hey back off :)
small investment. 30k. Nice return... and film producer credit!
Another terrible call coming from the #NHL playoffs. Go figure. Shitty refs again
Sitting here chilling and drinking in country ass knoxville TN.
If you like the #SanAntonioSpurs, u will like their D-league team. Go
Thanks Stevie. Like your tweets...keeping it positive!
Try Sandbar on Granville island while in Vancouver - was recommended to us by locals and it's delicious!
is that good, bad or indifferent?
Luv that post!!! You da man, Max!
That suspiciously sounds like "no" to a native English speaker. don't mess with my heart.
Studio Update! Drums are tracked...tomorrow bass and guitars!
Playing at Red, White + Bluezz tonight (in Pasadena) with Dominic Thiroux on bass! 6:30-9:30. Come keep us company and hear Dom sans amp!
i already know what yall talmbout
I've been great! Got a condo here in Vegas and starting a social media business! What have you been up to?
haha my dad has one of onece my cat got in the way and he almost died it eas not cool.
"Hold on, I have a five cent coin." Yes, I just said this.
I do indeed amiga! RT : love a shandy in the summer...I have to look for that one. Hope you have your feet up!
The word "toast," meaning a wish of good health, started in ancient Rome, where a piece of toasted bread was dropped into wine.
Definitely a good superbowl. It will be talked about for a long time coming
happy birthday!
Excited for sushi with my sweetie for his birthday!
I'll send you an email one I get things organize a bit more
Frak, it's snowing. Again.
lol bad memory
As actors get older, they may need to be dressed more formally in their headshots. Think about the roles you want before you choose clothes
"Is this the real life? Is this just fantasy? Caught in a landslide. No escape from reality. Open your eyes."
"You are the light of the world. A city on a hill cannot be hidden." ~ Matthew 5:14 Be encouraged to be that light, somehow, today :)
Team with home court advantage is suppose to win the first 2 games at home so I'm not tripping
RT : What a great day! Inspiration and community.
"Hollywood Indies" is pretty much just a Japanese thing, right? American media scholars, people in the US don't use this term, right?
Hi Darcie! Good to connect via twitter. I checked out your site and would love to learn more about what you're up to!
How did you break into #photography. Tell us your story and we may feature you in the next issue of ArtsNFashion magazine.
I really hope the #RedSox can fix their bullpen...they do that and this team WILL make the playoffs
That moment when a gaga song is playing and your mom changes the station... Bitch wtf
when we got to your house
I'm gonna call him.
Want 2 perform @ Dodge Poetry Festival N Oct 2012. YAHSpeak would B amazing addition. Some1 @ Speaker Oliver's event put that N my spirit!
Sage advice. RT : Oh heck yes! Eggnog ANYTHING from is awesome!
This is exactly what Hart/Jacobs did in early 90's. I think both ACab & Santana have lots 2 prove yet. Ideal contract lgth imho
we said Q is white girl wasted.
God Morning :)
So fucking stressed i cant
when are you getting to the grange? is starting soon!
Keith Richards' "Life" is fantastic.
we close @ 10. Sunday's we do token count & I stayed to help. & it takes a while
You inspire me #doveinspired #mom2summit for your passion and vision on your awesome company!! See you !
Just learned about StumbleUpon, things found on the web and voted on. Pleased to see a classical music section.
Frame Ben Franklin
Thinking about taking Chronos to Hollywood. Been offered venue (paper or Plastik cafe/Mimoda Studios) thoughts? Opinions? Yes/no?
is a tea expert!
Success is often achieved by those who don’t know that failure is inevitable. – Coco Chanel
Shhh. They're sleeping. They got a big game against the Bucks tomorrow.
... Thanks :-) twitter was quiet, I was kinda worried
I Hate Waring Our Nation...
~ Love you guys - stay lifted and hope it is a success........ :)
First craft show of 2009 tomorrow Woo Hoo as Vicki of OC housewife's would say......... Yea Baby.
I dig it!
Oh i forgot I saw today d:
Way to welcome the Cornhuskers to the Big Ten Badgers!!! Now take out the rest of the conference!
Tonight's cocktail of the day is the Arboretum. A $5 local whiskey drink.
Getting in touch with your true self must be your first priority.
I've a very serious investment of $3 in tonight. I mean business.
your profile pic is beautiful girl !
god morning!
Hope your watching LINSANITY the Knicks look like a different team. We are looking for his Jersey and throwbacks High School and Harvard
can you please come back to philly and teach the boys to hit please. This is to frustrating Charlie needs to sit em all a gam
I plan on it :D
#EmmaStone looks like a skyscraper!
Way to go! Sorensen will be great for you!
everybody is cutting their hair
Send in your flow pictures now!! lets see what you got
Awk already tweet that movie
YOU'RE SOMEBODY NOW
Ah alumni events.
At for the ATL iOS Meetup. Can't wait to hear ideas for #cocoaCamp 2012.
An iced white mocha sounds wonderful right now.
Can listen to the whole song... Not in the mood for country lol
Just leaving the club it was off the chain promise to for killin the shit.
I hope the flood waters in Melbourne do not hit your property.
He looked like a gremlin. -stephanie, about this guy who talked her last night.
Its march, but its still snowing
JJ's range is just as deep as Jimmer's (if not deeper). JJ just didn't have an offense that let him jack 30 shots a game...
My day/night schedule is so far gone...
I can't think of any director you could mistake Malick for by looking at his work. All this whispering poetic stuff...
Bvm tonight w/ my girls ^__^
im chillin in boston wish u could join me
couldn't agree more! I'd like to know if anybody actually gets positive results from that...
thanks so much, and I will tweet a pic of Remy before the weekend : ) hope to see you again soon.
#nowplaying Back to december---
Stereo Space will be hanging out tomorrow night at the show, it's at the famous
When I'm ignoring a phone call, the phone always seems to ring longer than usual.
Why would I want to download an mp3 file into an app that won't let me do anything else with it? This can't be right.
I know I'm back in LA when I see celebrities @ the airport. But where is the sunshine??
I'm pretty sure my friend just rolled over her phone while having sex, accidentally called me, and left me a 4min voicemail of the event.
Love a good "you would." It's a nice amorphous insult that lets the recipient do all the work.
Lovechild Zombid is shooting our first full fledged music video today at Restoration Oaks Ranch in Santa Ynez. So excited!!!
Not a big fan of Anne and James so far... Their banter is kinda painful.
the difference between a successful man & a failure is not one's better abilities or ideas, but the courage that one has to act on his ideas
Is it a competition on who can Pee on the toilet seat the most? That is DISGUSTING.
Happy Mother's Day to my TL. I follow some fierce women.
Just finished the first Pokemon movie. Shit was boss.
No, they're very good for helping li'l old ladies across the street.
A successful man continues to look for work after he has found a job.
That's got to be a first for me. Mowing the yard in January.
Stuck in an incredibly long and awkward convo in the sauna. Something about the environment and leg presses.
Venice beach lacks chest hair styling variances. I am looking for a man with a nice fade and well conditioned chest hair
Dating show addiction: Why America can't get enough of happily never after - Fox News
two gay girls and a good man. the perfect relationship everybody is happy.
Proud to be a teacher of humanities.
Nice! (I hope?)
I can<U+FFFD>t blame you for being who you are, I can only blame myself for thinking you were different.
Researchers have concluded that the bakery oven dates back to more than 7800 years ago.
In the the South Land there's a city..... Way down on the river.... Where the women are very pretty and all the men deliver (=
Nice video! We have our interview with you from TechWeek up on our blog bit.ly/oJxQ4w
Trinity with Show up
By a bizarre bit of experimental cheffing I discovered Pomegranate Juice is OK non-alcho replacement for red wine - if there's such a thing!
update facebook page with your current mixtape photos!
btw, we're going to be in town that weekend for a race.
I understand its a total reboot, not a spin off. That's their first mistake...
Japan adds $61B to asset purchase plan - CNN
8.5 lbs. gal of water is 8, right?
not saying Romar is a bad coach or needs to go but that this ability is one of those that separates the good from the great
Thanks Paul! Hope your weekend is great too. Dismal was fun to shoot. Cabin was real - floor caved in during one scene!
Looking at who's coming in the building I might have to go down and check it out though. ;)
Boy. You've really got your cranky pants on tonight.
Consider parking in front of our gallery soon. Good parking at New York Av betw 9th & 10th. Happy to cross promote!
Its hard 2 break cycles unless u have peeps 2 support u & keep u accountable @ the same time-Thats what we do :)
yayyy! I see lots of wine nights in our future
We have two awesome contests going on! Our Blog Giveaway, and our Cutest BayBee Contest! Post your pics and visit our site today!
Needs lots and lots of milk cartons - right now!
Peyton Manning should air "The Decision" on and have all the proceeds benefit the Cleveland Cavaliers.
Follow and mention us and we'll follow you back GUARANTEE <3
Hate I have to miss show tonight but I know he will rock it!!!! (BIG HUG) kill it boo! :-)
Do one thing everyday that scares you. — ELEANOR ROOSEVELT
Cashier at Wal-Mart hands me my receipt & says "here" no thank you just "here." no decency in this world
TEAM (I'd Kick That!) signed up for: Summer Rookie Co-ed Kickball at Berkeley Park Sundays.
Organza and Bowties for Puppy Wedding - Wall Street Journal
it's a Shelly sighting!!!
Guys who call other guys "pussy" are terminally confused.
$1bil?? RT : P.F. Chang's has been sold for $1.1 billion. Deal includes 204 P.F. Chang's &amp; 170 Pei Wei's (via )
When your pants bulge up like you have a boner when you sit down <<
Learning so much from in her fiction workshop.
yes that's where we were! So beautiful!
hahaha well it's all over now. But yes, Sabrina. Madeline texted me saying "Sabrina. Fuck her" Hahahahha
That awkward moment when you text twitter on accident..
that's equality baby. Bring everyone down to the lowest common denominator. It's so easy to be utopian isn't it. 4th grade math.
When choosing a venue, take into account ur number of guests, budget, & the kind ambience ur trying to accomplish.
text me ;3
So cool!
Sure, sounds interesting. Please email me at .com to get my address. Thx.
likewise! Thank you so much for all the great podcast and library app advice! I'm working on sharing some of my own tricks!
your member ship is on my birthday!
Doing 4 hours of service work at 8 on a Saturday for beta club, woohoo.
Really surprised the #Flyers lost to the #Devils in five games. Didn't see this coming at all.
Literally crying at
Sun down funs down. Let the studying continue... In a little
Four days left. Come on. Submit!!
Great day on Boardwalk Empire. I met & worked w/ Kelly MacDonald (Margaret Schroeder) & met Steve Buscemi too.
Fat guy on the bus with a lumberjack beard and a "Curly Fries" sweatshirt: I salute you.
You're not a dealer, you're just taking advantage of someone's addiction.
Love to read and do reviews as often as time permits.
Awesome, I'll get in touch with them. Thank you!
S/O to Long time #ForeverFly supporter
RT : I have that book, "Earn millions advertising to the passengers on the Titantic." > LOL.
All the crap I just got in the kitchen for heating up tofu, you'd think I was eating small children.
I see imma have to add one more person to my #fuckthemuponsight list
lmfao ikr she was like a shoe print on ur face bitch haha
you must stay at my home I have an air mattress to die for!
I heard something about a bull riding/rodeo that supports wounded warriors, but can't find the details. Plz fill me in?
please follow me cause i will #NSN! and there will only ever be #Onetime when you follow me and today could be it x 18
He's never gonna follow me../: Whatever~
Last shower in this hell hole!
My daily affirmation has become "I think I'll make a blueberry coffee cake today." Some day it'll be true...
Newsong concert in the camry. At least it sounds like it.
We will have to get dinner or do something to celebrate our birthdays together!! =)
"i'm yadeli. i'm from los angeles and i can play the piano" that was my speech for computer app. THUG AS
Thanks I agree.
and it's time to call it a night. Going shopping tomorrow! I must constantly remind myself that I don't have any room in my suitcase!!
At The Paramount With The Family :)
In your financial life, plan, don't panic! Know why you're doing what you're doing (financially) and that it's part of your plan.
Queue up your questions now!
It was 37 different messages.
haha, what constitutes "really good?" I'm interested to see how much variability there is in locations (similar to devices)
Thank you for your prayers. That means a lot to us!
Haha you Guys are entertaining
Love thinking in new ways! " Hoping to offer opp. to think/dream outside usual comfort zones. #mw2012"
Did you print off your coupon for a free medium Fry and Medium Soft Drink with purchase of any Angus Burger coupon yet?
share it!
Anyone worried about him wasn't using their head! Filthy stuff is right!
It's not just about money, it's about class & society Said it best! Via the best!!!!!
On #Maui? Headed out for dinner? Head to , say code word "ESCAPE" & score a free appetizer! 5/18 only.
America's least relevant awards show is going about as well as expected.
One word had me being very cautious in the Apple store yesterday; HUMANCENTiPAD!!
coachella 2013 tickets are on sale! and of course the page is hung up on 'standby'
Oh snap I don't want to guess what you saw. Oh snap go away.
Tofu Teriyaki anyone?
RT : Having classic Chicago day: Walker Bros, Arch boat tour, Pizzeria Due, 2nd City, Twin Anchors, then bribe a politician.
thank YOU!!
To lead people, walk beside them <U+FFFD> As for the best leaders, the people do not
“: A can of Diet Coke floats, while a can of regular Coke sinks” this made me think of our convo yesterday
I like how people ask Adam questions that he has already answered. You guys are smart lol.
hi! How are you? How's school? Where are you? :)
It's early, but Fox Sports Wisconsin is missing some camera angles in its #Brewers broadcasts.
guaranteed the Broncos win a Super Bowl with PM. How can he guarantee that?! Do I get something if they don't?
sure! any particular flavor/frosting requests?
i love him with all my heart.
it's nicke's
LORD HAVE MERCY RICH HARDBECK
Ultimately, cities represent always enfolded layers of past and present networks in continual encounter with each other.
Certainly! This is a beta test. Vision is DC elem. wide. Again, Thanks!
Yeah fly out to LA have a few drinks. Have a good laugh.
We're so random. cx Omg.
Steve Hackett left Genesis on this day in 1977. I LOVE his Hoping Love Will Last.
#CelebOfTheYear is for sure DEMI LOVATO has overcome so much in 2011 now look at her even better than before<3 Shes Incredible
is pissed beyond belief.
We love using twitter!
State has rested its case here in Dane County hearing on controversial collective bargaining law.
I'm chugging water. You should too.
"Live simply that others might simply live" EA Seton. RT : Morning!
Loud and angry doesn't make you right. It just means that you are loud and angry. Read this today "Loud and Angry" seems to a moral...
Congrats to and Southern Miss. Two teams from CUSA in the tournament, great for the conference.
So glad you enjoyed it! No clue on Princess and the Pop Star -- that's not one of mine.
Personally, I would sooner have written Alice in Wonderland than the whole Encyclopedia Britannica
o well hi
you need a girly baking night! Restful pie making & good red wine.
Wow, we have over 11,000 likes on our page. That is very cool indeed...thanks to all of you for making Buttons a movement!
Hit up and see what the Luchtel clan is doing!
That was amazing Mike!! 160lbs and donne at home... Congratulations!
is there room for a Madison accelerator?
Great tip from Pamela of create a glossary of definitions on your website to boost google search
Going to practice in Caer Mear tonight, with Thjora & Kelby. Hope I have time to get my shield fixed.
Had a long Day time to relax, unwind n take a break. Sweet dreams everyone..
same to u!
Ahha, I just got this lol, but whenever you want too :p
Some names just instantly sour my mood. And that bitch is nothing but a curdle…Ew!
Let's do it. Is Augie your school or town?
Good luck!
you're everywhere!
Right back at you #B1G “: Good luck to and the Badgers. #B1Grespect”
ayee who got credits??
lol where u at
There has got to be a quick clever comparison between lying on a field and seeing pictures in the clouds and seeing The Cloud via apps...
": Im gonna be single till the day I"
Anytime Joe! Say hi to all the folks for me!
looking more than money... Mostly fans.
my day is complete replied to one of my tweets, now if only would give me some love.
Would you take the place of this man? Would you take the nails from his hand?
another Jason face during performance <U+0669>(<U+25CF><U+032E><U+032E>~•~)<U+06F6>
I challenge you! Write a sixty second scene with a beginning, middle and end and a conflict and conflict resolved. I did it. Can you?
Ha ill insert foot in mouth now RT : I think they are booing the commissioner bro
RT Ibanez shud do a PSA: Hey kids..Be cool..stay in school..dont do drugs..hit HRs..Raul'll b seeing u..so b good!<< YEA!
Happy Sunday
okie dokie! I'm crashed on the couch being lazy for once!
NBMBAA has 43 chapters in a city near you. We host prof development workshops. Join us and network with the professionals.
Did 2 hours yesterday. Takes about 5 seconds to flip back and forth. Got the arm a year ago, but just got around to the cabinet.
Almost to the house nd my phone about to die. Smh
lol well we will talk about it more when I come back! :)
This is why it's personal. haha I'm glad people are starting to know who she is now.
Great teachers and coaches must also be great motivators.
She say she love me wat, Eva that it is, do me a favor save that shit
thanks for coming & glad you found it useful!
Keep looking and clicking around, and get all your friends to do it, too. The cat photos are hidden DEEP in the site, I swear. :)
Bunk. Bogus. Bogato
I went crazy and bought too many button downs and polos this past month. Now it's t-shirt time and I don't have much. Even it out?
Thanks for having me, looking forward to more!
Hey bitch try this..!
Also, the paint can opener they sell at home depot opens bottles, too. They know.
What are some of your favorite signature tech sounds?
sorry, dude. I'm taken.
Anybody tryana go see young veggies with me?
I LOVE spoken word. You guys are definitely on my list! THANKS for reaching out!
Ha, I'm not sure either. Kate! I would love to see you soon.
Hard to tweet when the cyborg chauffeur's blubbering over "Brave Little Toaster" on his wrist video. Just drive the car, Gamgam!
re: klout match up, reminds me of hot or not...so that is how i will play.
Merry Christmas!
GET TWO COIN CODES TODAY FROM TOYS R US
“: One day before i die im gonna be a lesbian” am i gonna have to explain to you how being a lesbian works
In Sarasota, Florida. Brown spider. Maybe a wood spider?
Please note, there are a few warmers out of stock from the Holiday Collection: 1. Bluster 2. Snowday Plug-In 3. Snowflake Plug-In
Kill em' don't stop the violence ": Bout to hit dis stage!!! RAW"
are you coming to dallas?
Happy Mother's Day to all the beautiful Mama's out there!! We appreciate everything you do for us, I love you Mom!!!
watermelon is pretty fantastic!
Im not addicted to twitter, I just like to connect with my rusher family:-)
got interested in following up old tweets - did the prediction come true? Did gizmo X get used? modern accountability/archeology
RT : Listening to Kristen Gilles' forthcoming album "The Whole Big Story."Wow, is it good! I especially like the song "Rising Tide."
Yup in my white tee... Is shit no one ever says anymore while the tall tee sticker is still on it
Education is a better safeguard of liberty than a standing army. -Edward Everett
Happy 8th Anniversary as a Jan-Pro Sacramento franchisee....Kishore & Anjana Kumar! Thanks for keeping Sacs business clean!
Peggy McNamara talks about scientific illustration and being an artist.
“: Everything is really not about you. Get over yourself.” I need to be reminded of this daily.
I'm trying but I can't let go of the sweets
Thanks for the mention and retweet!
Couch, glass of wine, and an intense game of words with friends.
Tweeting from my brand new #iPad2!!
can we bring back the french braid?
I actually like my job today!
Do you subscribe to the ancient alien theories? That's a great show FYI
Anyone know of a streaming radio service that serves up nice stations based on artist/song AND allow me to listen to albums/songs on demand?
I wish I could have seen the #Caps game on the DC feed. The NESN crew obviously wasn't too excited about the Caps win.
Woo Hoo! Can get conceal carry online now. Go, Calibers!
Pick up a Go Local card there and you will get a buy one sandwich get one free every time.
apparently...sadly
I wont be tweeting much tomarrow I have a series of testing that I will be doing tomarrow I will be staying overnight at the hospital!
Writing a book- Building Digital Repositories w/Limited Resources. Looking for case studies and best practices
My tummy hurts now o:
nigger your not kayne so stop the bull shit
"You gotta risk it to get tha biscuit"....
One of my fave parts of being an #eventprofs? Working with our labor guys. Got such a great group this time. Couldn't pull it off wout them
alright, I will. I'll try not to forget. I probably won't
Great marketing is seeing the conversation we all want to be part of and making it happen.
yeah I was there this morning but I left so I can finish my last finals
Hey , & i just got to portland today for #cls11 - when will you be here & are you going?
Most #Brewers fans are in the parking lot celebrating taking the first five out of seven from the #Cubs. I'm still here, though.
No heart transplant for my dad at age 70. He died at 71.
I'd say the three most influential figures in my life are Twain, MLK Jr. and the guy who played Cody on Step By Step.
My magic number for today at the audi dealership...451 for vac lines and check valves. Actually thought it would be more!
Than after class. I dream to be you. A geek.
Wish it was Friday...
"If you surrender completely to the moments as they pass, you live more richly those moments." - Anne Morrow Lindbergh
Thank you so much for inviting us!
little bit. Headache is going away and I have a bit of energy. Waiting on what I call "Yin Yue's magic soup" lol
You are a horrible person.
noope , nope, nope !
On my way to school...It's been such ugly weather the past few days, I hope it's not like this during the summer<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Congratulations on the 6 Daytime Emmy Nominations #FreshBeatBand ! Loved working on that show with all of you!
we love you when that happens :)
I feel like its always hockey season..
take me to arlington
thankfully, it's not serious...
Looks like you have a lot of interesting projects. All the best!
No ones awake !
I love mcdonalds at this time of night when I'm hungry af
it's time to twitter a while! :)
also, thanks.
lol yeah u like it cold
S/O to Boozer for finally showing up against the
He Would even Talk To me..I've Been Trying Forever!! And i Think I'm Ugly!! Justin Do You Think I'm Ugly...?
Heading to Renaissance Hotel in Tampa to celebrate the holidays with my husband's work peeps. Hooray! Have a great weekend :-)
great website!
so excited to join you on air!
It is actually in Tokyo
I want some Hey Bro Beer.
we are excited to be here - what do you like about NYC's integration?
Fat baby don wan no mo.
at the ABQ Art Museum is doing something in the sculpture garden, I believe.
sick get a room and don't tweet stupid things
“: What are you filming?”>> a film called The Legend of 7 toed Maggie:) I'm Maggie
it's a one size fits all stretch, but unstretched it measures about 7 inches in diameter. it has a spandex lining inside the cap fit
There is also a difference between getting someone to be engaged and getting someone to act. //
you should seriously get a new picture first of all its old and second i look like shittt. thank you
3-yr-old son just falling asleep next to me on couch.
Shout out to for her amazing work on the poster for #Rising! -JO
hey I'm bored too. Whats up?
Life is unbearable, unbelievable, unexpected, undervalued, unappreciated, unpredictable, underrated, uncomfortable, unenjoyable, unreliable
im gon send my bestfrann off to prom in 10 mo days
that carpet gives it away
could you be... The most beautiful boy in da world? You're the reason that god made boys..
Heading to Mount Hood? Expect heavy congestion on Hwy 26, up to an hour delay from MP 40 to 48. There is also a chain requirement in place.
We were honored to be location of surprise party yesterday for Ted Law yesterday. Great group of wine-loving guests. Happy Birthday Ted!
augh take pictures you guys
Could there be any less overlap between the target audience of the Superbowl and its halftime show?
hi! When does the new gig start?
Planning another photo shoot with thinking something outdoor and cold...hm? Thoughts?
#FML .. going to court sucks!
I need rock n roll beats I sing
So much shrimp!
thx for sharing the post, Rob!
I love latestarts
": wake up bit"/im up now
Live life. Love and give!
that's because you live in Massachusetts. Home of the worst drivers in the US
need proofreading/editing? check out my friend
I love Francis Bacon. Nice background.
reality is a lovely place, but I wouldn't want to live there.<U+2665>
LOL. You shoulda struck a pose (:
Did he say strap in or strap on?
Livingston Co 47% (likely in Burke's pocket) Steuben County 17% (who knows?) and Monroe Co 36% (likely leaning Nojay, but who knows 4 sure?)
cheesy humor is my strong point...lol
inspiring. gardening xtremely imp! food scarcity is here! been considering vegan diet. more & more. you go agitate girl! xo
Anyone who belongs to Christ has become a new person. The old life is gone; a new life has begun! 2 Corinthians 5:17
Will be in LA for the film festival screening of "Rape Kit" Aug 11-18. All West Coast friends must attend!
: Well HELLO there!
thank you! It's been such an honor and a pleasure working with you in '11!
#ProudTweet!!! RT : & Philly wins game 2 in Boston. Congrats guys!
": I need my dudes to win (rich dollarz voice) " We all winning fam.
I'm happy for Riley, and sad for me. Guess YOU will have to lace up some skates, we need an enforcer on the ice.
it'll be okay Andrew. I have that too. Math is easy. I already did English, and biology I'm gonna to tmrw.
RT God, that makes me feel old. --> Makes me feel sick!! Graduated high school 37 years ago!! Retired Military w/22 yrs - 15 ago!
Sorry to see you go #Blackhawks, but you phoned it in for 6 playoff games.
Anyone else having sluggish computers since yesterday's Window update?
RIGHT?! im telling u, the tv shows they show these days are ass
Wow that was awesome!
maybe something from the Medinah Shriners?!? Let me know if interested, can help obtain for you
Oh it's probably a good thing the boys don't see my tweets or else they'd put a restraining order against me...
hmm, ok. Maybe we will have to take two cars and pitch in on gas :P
of course :)
My condolences. I hear duct tape is a good solution to your problem.
Ugh I Guess!!
maybe one day, could you follow me please..?! It'd make me the happiest person EVER! x your just too amazing!
kinda dumb i mean it only the central f***** point of the whole site
Oh well, I will live. lol
We need more followers in #Miami #SouthFlorida #Broward follow us we follow Back!
Very cool!
Well, now that you've promised that LA will be the best thing I've ever seen, how can I not do my very best to go
Nobody puked last night or this morning, yeah!
My tl won't load but I'm just going to keep tweeting anyway.
total people and checking yes, but none of the venue manager data points.
One day you'll be beggin' on your knees for me <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
relaxed... oh wait i forgot to finish my portfolio project<<<<<<<
RT : Big time congrats to and the uw huskies! Ending the season as champions!
After any race, no matter how hard you puke, you always think you could have run faster. Give yourself a break sometimes.
Taco Bell <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
AWESOME picture! Thanks for visiting, and for the great tweet!!
Lol IT'S ON!! RT“: Oh sh#t you know its on tonight come get your drink on!!!go goo lol”
Who's are my 2 donors for this Sat/Sun's run? Nice and easy 10 mi & 8 mi for a recovery wk. Doesn't feel like it bec of
Holy shit st. Mary's is up
I feel like fuckin! Who's down?! :D
What a wonderful class it was tonight in Las Vegas the students in the Broadway audition seminar were remarkable. Thank you Cindi Rush!
Jimmie Johnson on pit road looks like overheating/engine issues
Mike (A fellow Workplace Trainer/Coach)-well done. and thanks for mentioning Ann at the #pihra event. Super success to you.
Leave it to Deep South Republicans to keep a bad idea alive. Congrats #tcot for your two Santorum victories!
Thanks for the RTs, and
RT : Red Tails in theaters Jan. 20th! Support a film that displays a positive Black image in American history
After working close to where I live I kinda forgot what taffic was, looks like Im gonna play some plate poker for a while
Its. Boarding today
how did u get one
thank you for including me! RT
Abe speaking German made my day.
is it safe to say that most learning via SM happens in a context that we CAN'T measure?
Happy Saturday everybody! How are you gaming this weekend? Console? PC? Handheld? Tablet? Smartphone? Virtual Boy?
Yes Pastors should preach pro life after the brain and organs are developed not when its a zygote
Good Morning Monday :)
I hate when people aren't problem solvers or take too long to process information... Does matter if it's on the street in traffic or in life
Great pie making class last night at with the kids. Molly is a superstar.
I hope everyone out there is having a wonderful day..
That was an accident. Re-posted. Cheers!
Wow, feelin like I just got out of a time machine. Slick Rick's new joint is hot. What up "X" & "Biggie"
Do NOT feel sorry. They own their delusions, and are likely dangerous. Or at least stupid.
...in the oc for a show at the observatory tonight. and yes, we did listen to phantom planet's california on the 101.
pleased to see you, Simon!
Hahaha nice ;) RT Politics & Prose is delighted to announce that we will be switching exclusively to eBooks!
Name Change from Kate Grace PT to Evolve PT + Wellness. Everything else remains the same!
Just as long as you have a path, than your good.
100% yes. You can play bells on everything I do from now on.
woaah just watched the boyfriend video. Who knew you could be so sexual.
I know my eyes get so watery!! then the lady tries to talk to you and I can't even understand what she is saying
Planning a bachelor/bachelorette party this summer? Design or submit an idea for party t-shirts. Go out in style before your wedding
Looking good! RT : Have my Sporting KC shirt on for
i'll see if i can open the door if you take too long.
Cacharoach climbs on chest, when ur laying in bed, and hey senior, we wantz your houwwwsse!
It is Friday after all.
After a week when I barely paused for breath, finally settling back in my seat for Wim Wenders' Pina. Aaaahhh.
you don't know what's good for you bro
ok I just got home I'll send you a pic now it came out really good! Did ur dress come yet?!
Trying to Expose a dude NEAKO you ever heard of DJWhoDat ? He claims he was in studio with you please tell me Dude BSn
HOES THESE DAYS.
It's 'Wailea on Wednesdays.' Free Polynesian performance & fire-knife show 6:30-8p, + eat/drink/shop specials. Details: ow.ly/7ZA04
That movie didn't even look appealing!!
“: Love is just a word... that is, until someone comes along and gives it meaning.”
big mama ... hahahaha
Thanks for the mention! Call 804-421-HVAC for 33% off standard maintenance
thank you very much! Happy Friday to you too!
THESE HEARTS! about to tear it up!!!!!
Jesus Christ, my bumps are goosed.
Never seen so many people wearing items in plaid that weren't shirts.
What do you do say when you're unfortunately forced to hang out with meatheads who insist on "complimenting" every woman they see?
People haven't always been there for me but music always has. - Taylor Swift
hey sexy, i like that profile picture! & i will listen to that music u sent soon :)
Swaagggg Swaaaaaggggg Swagggieeeee I am SO ready for the BOYFRIEND MUSIC VIDEO!!!!<3333 love you(:
Yummy! m bacon!!
I hate other couples
Still time to get this delicious deal 4 Piecoras NY Pizza! $10 for $20 worth of pizza! Pepperoni and olives anyone? htp://bit.ly/SeattleDeal
Summer break here we come!!
": So it's natural to be horny consistently in the morning right?" - sonn, this tweet made my morning
You can get so much mileage out of lines that go up and big round numbers. Resonates w/ the people w/ the $.
so nice to meet you in person yesterday!
Not Missing This Haha .. Yes (: Will U Be Seeing Austin? My Bday Is 3 Days After The Day Of the concert :D
People of Libya...our thoughts and prayers are with you. Freedom from Gaddafi, Insha'Allah
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MISS TARYN! Hope it's wonderful and you're surrounded by loved ones
DirecTV is the business. Their customer service is second to none.
sucks at messaging people back -.-
what i do on grand theft auto <U+2752> Legit missions <U+2714> fuck shit up, steal cars, and kill bitches.
17 lol hby? where do you go to school at now?
RT If your ship doesn't come in, swim out to it. - Jonathan Winters
Do you believe in happy endings?
The Grant Napear Show – May 2, 2012 « CBS Sacramento
Took a little hiatus from this account to focus on getting up and running. But I'm back! Hope ya'll didn't miss me too much
Good Monday morning to all! Make it an alkaline week... eat fruits and veggies and drink high pH alkaline water always!
This guy on 16& pregnant right now, is the best dad I've ever seen on this show.
Gotta love seeing our shirts !!
Walmart makes all it's money on the backs if the middle class. Prices are cheap because everything is made in China
Wow! Matthew 6 in The Message translation... Steep your life in God-reality...
My cat just looked out the window, saw it was raining, then ran for her life.
Raining agouti and manicou out there for a few hours straight. I'll have many mosquitoes to kill before bed.
we did it big I told u to come thru man u missed out lol
where did u go
Hated him at MSU. Welcome him to the Packers! RT Pick is worthy
I swear you wanna argue over dumb shit
if I could be at home wearing that and sipping coffee, I'd be in heaven.
Looking for a summer internship? The morning show at 99.7 NOW! is looking for interns! Must be available from 5:30-10am on MWF or TTH.
The U.S. census placed total 2011 U.S. Hispanic spending power at a whopping $1.2 trillion. Consider specific marketing to this stratum.
HELLO SIR
Today was a really good day #repeatplease?? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
The king Has arrived !!!!
that's one cool ass chick you got there.
Morning tweeps, hope everyone enjoyed their mother's day. :-)
why am i awake right now!!!! hsshgsgakabdkocuywgosbx gaiakhsfqraoxb
Bravo on the brilliant #Grammys commercial w/in a commercial for &
I truly dislike typing while wearing nitrile gloves.
: Recalls C of 1930s...future of that corps transcended the economics. Great foundation laid already w/ 142 corps across US
THANK YOU it IS quite #Asinine that will only go to church if he loses a bet. Lol. Smh
You bet:-)
Hello world, finally gt my mind cleared bt cant nobody here me cuz sumbody wnt let me get my beats. Hm, stay tuned while I gt tht situated
yep I just heard that, I wish I didn't..but I did
#Offline Hoping tomorrow is better
all i want is a shout out lol
awe thats cute.. Me too lol
The Hobbit is good but my #1 book is The Runelords and they are making it into a film
Never ignore a person who loves and cares for you, cause one day you may realize that you've lost the moon while counting the stars.
The Art of War
Hey Andrew, have a great weekend! See you Sunday!
Making moves this morning!:-)
I would love to dropkick someone in the face right about now
Maybe could do both!;)
RMNU Cup this weekend in Tampa, FL.
they real fans??
The weather man predicted lows in the 70's.......and yet I am cleaning windows in the snow. Go figure.
THANK YOU! I must fight and try for the families I am standing for!
hello, you are so gorgeouss
some of my friends r there 2
Come see "Rum sodomy and THE HOOKS" fri march 2nd in the starry plough Berkley...
exactly: FSU btching and moaning is all knee-jerk response to uniformed populist bile.
I love being the most hated guy on the field cause even for the people that hate me...have to watch me
#nomnom is right. Thanks for visiting The Lube!
Making salmon and talapia and veggies & a night in with movies, nail painting, hair dye & cuddling.
this is a video game score... Thus we need video game PA work. "boomshakalaka" needs to happen.
I love The Bloggess!
fabulous chatting with you ladies today!
Busdriver - This Machine Kills Fashion Tips
Here w/ at 1515 Ennis Joslin-The Shores Apts for a Toys4Tots event now till 4pm. food & fun. plz bring an unwrapped toy.
Lol hell yea
oh yea thanks -___-
Thanks, we're starting to look tomorrow.
Rise in taxes, airfares hit tourism
RT : An #Aquarius does not like or encourage emotional arguments
I'll say it again #Okc ya fuck everything else
I'm not big on posting my personal life on twitter, but always tell your family you Love them. Happy Birthday Mom, I miss you.
where is the open studios thang..are you downtown?? I am out of the LOOPs!
Popping rolaids, chased with Shiner.
your welcome:)
hahaha yeahh. You play third? ;b
I guess you are
this is officially Squala's first Twitter virigintwitterman final getting my feet wet in the matrix B#tches!!!!!
It's so beautiful outside...should be perfect for later!!
you are so welcome!
I want to have something witty to say to that but it just depresses the hell out of me.
it's ok
Hello, just wanted to introduce myself. Great work! Really like the Ice and Fire iPad app.
Happy Valentine's Day! xoxoxo.....
"a dog friendly city is a lovable city" #loveindy what do u think ?
U of Michigan banning smoking on campus. Fascinating how private property laws are cross-checking personal liberties
Nance says she'll go above and beyond, platforms are "not just job descriptions"
Thanks Matt, great to see you!
Tonight has been so emotional
on hideout status! Jkjk... Just working and you?
we <3 you right back!
Not donkey status I'm studying abroad second semester at the University of London. Applying in August :)
#fourwordsyoudontwanttohear The check didn't clear
really? that is ugly
are you currently interning anywhere?
Day 3 of the juice fast, feeling so much better today. Headed to the strip for produce.
Birthday bask kicking off @ 8pm firehouse style! Hit me up for info!
When people hurt you over & over think of them as sandpaper-they scratch & hurt you,but you’ll be shining & polished and they end up useless
Light night WENDYS, big big day tomorrow
I am full-on sick. What should I have my bf come over and do for (or, OKAY, with) me today? Besides Dexter-viewing.
ditto! -->“: my goal is to have everything in the new lookbook #makingithappen”
Good point. Another one to allow for another shopping spree.
why cant i find me a jared?
thanks Orlando <33 I just hope my roommates are freaks lol
nice. I got mad slices
I don't know who this is but I'm doing it! RT : RT this if you think should do the half marathon!
Why did Bruce Springsteen not play "born in the USA" in the nation's capital?
why the hell am i up?! #hangover!
Um, Greg Jennings is good. It's almost as if he could carry the whole team on his back.
what are we doing tonight
i see you!
..Tax loophole cash safely kept from supporting Middle Class programs like Medicare, SocSec, Education & Roads |
you Look Amazingly gorgeous Alli follow me :)
Tweet updates! RT :
I get to interview the biggest collector in #SouthAfrica today! Video will be coming soon!!! ^JB
what about ?
Beautiful. RT : Follow your dreams. Not the ones when you go to sleep but the 1's that keep you from going to sleep
This is not the greatest tweet in the world... it is a tribute... a tribute to the greatest tweet in the world.
she's sounds like a character to me! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
trololololol he got you good!
"My heart will still jump because to me, they look the same: Ex-girlfriends...black Jettas." ::ima robot::black jettas::
Thanks Michelle! Great day, all the family together for an evening cookout. Thanks for thinking of me! Be blessed!
Nothing special. I have some work to do, but that's the only thing definite in my schedule.
only NE students that signed
So hows your weekend going so far
Back to work tomorrow... have a great week, everyone!!
Please stop showing Spike Lee every 5 seconds.
Morning Vegas....I m Loving vegas a lot.....Bcos Its suits me the most...
So I assume you listened to the podcast... Not my best performance.
That is so great! Muy bien!
Currently interviewing literary agents, if you know someone, send me their name and I'll consider them!!!!!
Not sure about looking younger but great advice. RT : Got Rhomboids? WHAT!? Look younger in 10 days, nice. ow.ly/4DTID
So far I am disappointed with the March Madness app for Android. Still cant get video and I got a 4g signal. Guess the lappy is goodnuff.
haha, i may have to get that as a tattoo
Last day at for my wonderful intern Sad to see her go, but best of luck at !
Going to sleep <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4> had a great birthday <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
I fucking hate my job
In which direction? I feel like my ass is pretty sore from the fence-sitting...
Yep. Claim logistics, traffic, garbage. Kinda too bad. Rise in food tides lifts all diners boats, I say!
John Terry is a punk and #Chelsea are a bunch of cheaters. Playing scared hope you get smoked now.
ooh can't imagine what sort of fun responses you'll get from die hard apple fans for that one! :)
I appreciate the shoutout to Grand rapids
RT : Today a full day of interviews in Miami! Tonight my label party at , gonna be epic! :)
Thanks for the kind words about Camtasia! Any particular changes you like/dislike?
good luck at on the first day of the season, youngin'.
ha ...how ya been
The fact that there's never anything to do in this town <<<<
If you can dream it, you can do it.
lmao jeez, don't make it sound so appealing---> Falling in love with a #Scorpio is a magical, yet slightly terrifying experience.”
hoops, soccer, baseball. ran college track and XC @ your rival, UDelaware.
washington just tied it!
All I want to for xmas is MIT
That will be saved for after that doc visit on Monday...not going anywhere today because it will be in the upper 80's
it's okay bae
It's nice out. Who wants to rub lotion on me? Baha
Holiday trivia answer: Port wine, raisins, almonds, cloves, cinnamon, dried fruit, dry red wine, and aquavit.
Cross-Country practice was great-ish. Comment the new pics. Text if you wanna
ANY WOMEN WHO ARE IN SAN ANTONIO AND INTERESTED IN MODELING....HIT UP DA WEB SITE WWW.BOYSDOWNSOUTH.COM AND SIGN UP TO B A
Kinda sad that school is going to be ending in a few weeks :(
Pliny the Elder~ There is always something new out of Africa.
I surely feel like calling in sick considering I don't feel well anywhoo AND I feel like being a bitch today
Sounds delicious. RT : Go OSU!! We have The Brutus today. A chocolate pb cupcake with red buttercream
Picture time
it's 10:58 here what bout there ??
tomorrow is monday....already. ugh
I will never understand why people wear heels to the airport. How does that make sense?!?
#THINGSYOUDONTDODURINGSEX answer a phone call or txt
It seems so silly, but it does help.
I sworn you they let her die you will see the angery side! I love that little girl!
Wicked! I live 10 mins away, will be there to support you Mirza ji. :)
i had an amazing time it was soo much fun! ('aahhh yeeaahh' LMFAOO)
RT if your left-handed :)
RT White House says only 20 states have raised dropout age to 18.
"Did u just SHIT on me? Seriously?! Really?!...You BIT me!!!"
can I have a follow back? Plz
Happiness is not something you postpone for the future; it is something you design for the present.
boy I never even kissed u!
Instructional design is not necessarily dying in the mobil learning world. Instead it's evolving. HTML5!
Had a great meeting at GSLIS today about career development. Thought I would start a twitter page!
I can't wait to go to this season!
positive energy
#LetsGoCLIPPERS!! RT : Congrats to the closing out the series on the road... bring on the
Moombaltimore is going off right now!!! Get to E-Villa for those beats you crave!
Random question: How long until kids r wearing helmets in youth bball, soccer, golf, tennis? Others?
learned to stand 4 what i believe in & what makes me happy & thats to give back to the children who need it. I have an idea..
- who has #girlsundertrees? Bad marketing!
Enjoy our Fiesta menu with $5 Margaritas $2 Tacos and more! Friday & Saturday 5PM-11PM!
Good Morning
So we thought this might be a fun opportunity for etiquette training... :):) everyone had a blast
I want you to come play for the Wichita Wingnuts. They were named after you. Seriously.
Wis. elections board head wants Walker recall primary on May 15, general election June 12. Democrats to object in court
One thing I'm learning about myself with D&D running is that I'm good at basic ideas but not so good with how to execute them.
why is yo skirt so fucking tight?
#SM is about connecting with the right ppl, at the right time, where THEY are. It's about them, them, them!
It needs to just be July 9th already so I can pick my friends up and shit.
Tonight at Whiskey Chicks join us for a great concert with Kylie Morgan starting at 8pm!
I love the energy of OKC fans!! They be so hype!!
This is a great rdg list of DH as a topic; I'm looking to swap ideas for dh assignments in other content classes (eg, 18th c)
PI, eh? Have fam back there. :)
If you want to create a Batch Process for documents in Adobe Acrobat X, it is now under View-->Tools-->Action Wizard. Create a new action.
Oh don't worry! Your Seattle rep from Egan (Mike) did a great job of representing you.
Just came from NBC's upfront presentation. Long and monotonous. Nothing new really stands out.
Back in the day, man talks to the wrong woman, the tribal chief's wife or from an enemy tribe, he will be dead.
are you excited to come to philly?:)
RT RT NYT NEWS ALERT: In 72-68 Victory Over Florida, Louisville Heads to N.C.A.A. Final Four
Hoosiers vs Wildcats in the sweet sixteen. Should be a great game. Hate to have to do this but
Add Thong to the list of words i never want to hear anyone in my immediate family say
she must really wanna go to culvers
Holy dumb submission batman!
confirmation? “: Also notorious for making the All Star team while hitting (I believe) under .200. #justsaying”
what u up to tomorrow nite boo
come chill with me n this weekend
Lawson can't miss
Article 66 on Facebook - like this legendary band and contact them for a free CD.
If at first you don't succeed, destroy all evidence that you tried.
I was calling around to get some info I need to not get in a jam. Couldn't get no info.
Great to find you on Twitter, thanks to Ru. Congrats on all your success!
Scars can remind us where we have been, they don't have to dictate where we are going.
Final Midtown tree planting for this spring in Charles North Sat. 12:00 noon. Volunteers needed, meet at Charles and North Ave.
I like buying shower curtains. Even if I can't decorate the entire house, I can switch up my bathroom. Easy to Please <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
James Hardin balls nothing else need be said
Montgomery not a bad place. One High School in one town, Good situation.
sucks I did not get to watch it my sister would not get off the computer but ill watch I later!(;
Tomorrow I'll be a guest on Virginia This Morning, discussing my new book! The show airs from 9-10 am on WTVR Channel 6 in Richmond.
when Adele sings I want to cry cause I feel her pain through the notes...
My pleasure! Hope you #crushedit!! ;) RT : #wssmiami thank for sharing your social media tips with us!
This remix is brilliant. #ESPNfirsttake. Lmao
Tomorrow is gonna be the longest day ever!!
Sometimes bitches ain't shit but hoes and tricks
Back to normality! Poem writing is the true therapy!
Don't you just love chorus midterms -_-
FOLLOW ME BACK:) 78
Just out of great session on social media. Full of ideas to act on my library's "Why" and some reading material.
Manufacturing marketing research finished, can't wait to publish the white paper later this week.
The heat are dirty. Wade doesn't get his own way. He is a dirty player.
I want to learn how to order like a PRO at Starbucks... "Tall skinny triple mocha hazelnut skim latte whip" (But what the hell did I order?)
12-hour day at the law school. 11:58pm departure.
I just realized everytime I hear name I just stop everything Im doin
Friday Oct 7th - Sunlife Stadium - Kings, Queens & Individuals competition!!! You don't wanna miss this!!! 7pm to 2am...
RT lol ": *ATTENTION FEMALES* Remember #ThinkLikeAMan is a just a movie. To think and to be are slightly different!"
Money talks bullshit walks
Time to sweat it out on WOWY-the online gym on beachbody. Join me as I go INSANE!!!!!- It's Max Interval Plyo day.
send us some info. Thank's for thinking of us!
I grabbed a drink and my iPad and hopped on twitter. I have talked to many people and all have had big increases.
RT : journalists at group Q&A sessions, don't be "i have three questions" guy.
Thai Style?
Funny thing is we could be talking about 's ideas and qualifications, instead of defending her decision to refuse an interview
Counting the days till graduation.
*awake* (or at least bipedal), dressed, and ready for #dplawest!!!
Bit sly how on the Hannah Montana movie, when she tells them she's miley they take away her diamond mic stand and give her a black one.
Love your new photo. Sassy!
#IThankGod for bringing and into this world!! <33 :)
I call it Stratfor ripping off Coca-Cola.
It takes a hardcore twitterer to include a handwritten hashtag on a package. Thanks, !!!
thanks for the info
First of all, fuck you. Second of all, fuck you twelve more times. I hate you.
Got Ah HUGE Headache..
Hahaha! :D why that late?!
lol that's my fav part! That grunt noise they make when they are sleepy lol
tell me about it!!!!
Will score tonight? that is the question. Press 1 for yes, 2 for no.
Following back Greetings! :-)
admitted to me that she's addicted to coke! xD
So The Donald sat frozen, staring straight forward, like a wooden Duck. Wow the Duck got roasted. Roasted or Frozen he's now Donald Duck
Good morning good people!!!
I see people saying fuck this game? Fuck that I want this one.
Shake the Margaritas off from yesterday with a LoCash Bloody Mary m.
we be startin' a trend.
its mad fun
Yo! I'm in class with no proctor WTF?! It's 30 min. Bout to dip haha
Where is the trust????
Be a librarian who likes to work with students, not just books.
Thanks for your support !
B.I.B.L.E = Basic Instructions Before Leaving Earth
that's really sweet of you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A> thanks for making me smile before this photo shoot!!!
Were r the real Vegas players at?
If you demand to see Barack Obama's kindergarten grades, but think Mitt Romney's past if irrelevant, you're probably a Republican.
They are neither artist nor artisan. RT "I think these celebrities [designing shoes] are not very talented." - Manolo Blahnik
please,follow me and tweet me? I'm your fan.. I love you so much Jeydon )= your musics is perfect 3
So are you in? June 8th?
I just made this account two days ago, & it would make my DAY if u followed me (: I Love You Austin <3 #mahomie 3
RT : Just had some of your falafels today
It's okay. I don't blame you. c;
#WhyDoIAlways seem to miss u
,your a blessing in disguess
Handmade gifts show that you really care!
They both built nasty -_-
thanks! A little nervous about being a student again, but it'll be good :)
Great eye!! No photography on most floors of the Warhol so I take my pics where I can get them ;)
Back in the office. Received two boxes of scarves for our rescuers. Scarves will be mailed in Sept. If you knit or crochet do knit a scarf.
Can you help me with how long it's been since IU was on probation? Forever ago, I'm almost certain. Hm????
I wish Would follow me back :( </3
Thanks Kevin - sounds like a good plan. Let me know a few good days/times and we'll make it happen
When people who aren't following you RT you, just follow me it's not like it'll Hurt you!
did kelly give you mono?
Chocolate is my favorite.
We're in Cincinnati tonight playing a free show w/ 1,2,3. It all starts at 830pm!
Oak Street beach or The Point? When those are the big questions of the day summertime Chi must be in effect!
This world has so much stupidity, it's rediculous.
The bfi video is done finally, and wow what a promo video, love it, will place web link on twitter today or tom for all to see !!!
OH NO! Hazardous shag dancing. Hope you're alright!!!
Today was extremely hot! Bow! Haha
I just want to thank GOD for allow me & the person reading this to see another day
aww glad it went well darlin x
It's National Volunteer Week -- what is your museum doing to celebrate your volunteers?
Spending is not the problem. It is the solution to the problem!
uh I spent a year there and I would not call them nfl crazy.Theyre apathetic about the Astros and rockets.Wish u well though
I feel for you artist that only know digital and will never know the joy and warmth of 2 inch tape.
It is an itnresting episode.
“ nope just left lol?!” So sad... You probably were right at it too its hard to miss its like the newest bldg
Tell me when and I'll show up for the dancing!
Listening to some old school All Time Low reminds me of summer <U+2665>
of course nigga
Looking forward to seeing you guys in BsAs, will look forward to hearing abt the rest of the trip!
Wow. just made my day. Bahahahaha!!
Well, he's advertised as their "star player" without Howard.
#pologang What's good?!
INTO IT.
Can't sleep. But then again who could with the noise party! Xoxo's
Hope everyone got nice and tan over #SB2012 no need to be sad it's over the 2nd half of the semester is going to be better than the first!
I never had a problem with you, until now.
I can help you drain your balls!!
even though none of its true and you are just a jealous little ignorant girl... wait scratch the girl I mean animal :) okay have a nice day!
HAPPY NEW YEAR GUYS I LOVE YOU ALL and I wish every bus ride was that fun
hey! I hope you are doing good. Ya I had a good day, but got 2 big test tomorrow
"Chicks that say, "All the Men in my City are the same" has obviously Fucked a LOT of Men in her City to know that!"
I'm very proud to be part of thhis family<3
The habit of reading is the only enjoyment in which there is no alloy; it lasts when all other pleasures fade. - Anthony Trollope
While you are out looking for inspiration, do not forget to be one to others. Have a pleasant and blessed day everyone!
lol he'd better
Looks like electrical problems, according to the UT
Underground Hip Hop show/after party May 28th (Memorial Day) @ The BOILER ROOM -Dallas- 2723 Elm St.-Kick it w/ ,
Thanks for following ;) xoxo
this place is about to be rowdy in Madison
sure bro i'd never interrupt an artist at work, sorostitutes can't resist the berger charm when you turn it on.
I love when that happens. :)
Just downed a bottle of water right before going to bed. NOT
Rest in peace MCA a true hip hop legend.
I love my job.
What is your greatest challenge with getting clients?
Investigator testifies to 2 lacerations on Back of Zimmerman's head.
Jason swears our dog winks at him all the time, and the wink is very similar to my mom's.
#aslachat just shared math literacy poster w/ teachers that I found on pinterest, called Words into Math
yeah, okay, i was leaning that way, guess i will hold off.
#FollowFriday Cause I heart her ;) (via )
cool I need to talk to you too
What a nice night.
Good luck to Miami-Dade Co Firefighters while they battle a 4 alarm warehouse fire.
I Woke Up 5 Minutes Before My Bus Came Smh...
Cooking shows bore me! I have no interest in cooking anything, ever.
LOL that's funny
#hbrchat - How do we define "social responsibility"?
RT : hey u going to the unifest dis sunday.
We're cooking up something pretty cool for #WebCamWindow now. It looks great. Give you a hint - it begins with an F. Or, part of it does.
Thanks!! I love listening to your commentary. Enjoy weekend!
#PGA TOUR increased #Nationwide Tour #sponsor value by making it PGA's "minor league" for tour qualifying. Smart.
#badgers are going to the rosebowl. #packers are 12-0.
THANK YOU!
I don't know what I'm eating tonight, but my dad's google calendar invite says, "I'm fryin' the shit out of shit!"
If u ever need to talk about anything I'm here. I wanna make people happy and smile that's why I make music. I really do care :)
An elderly woman at an ATM asked me to check her balance... so I pushed her over.
partisanship aside, I feel like the "dual endorsement" is the biggest BS ever, no matter who it comes from.
Jump shot with a stupid ass aim.
I would like all of the dogs.
I hope they get what they deserve for wanting me to die.
I wish I could fuckingfallasleep
Complete Scrooges they are!!!! What goes around comes around though
I can't or else she'll give me a check (;
I'm slightly less excited about Jay Bruce cereal bowl night on Sunday.
he will retweet u someday, just gotta wait a lil longer.... i didnt think he would EVER retweet me, and he finally did!
Brentwood is the place to b 2morrow. 210 Westwood Place from 11-130. Beautiful weather + good country cookin...what more could u ask for????
Great list! #Schoology combines those features, plus #students love its familiarity. A polling feature will be released soon too
Anyone know of a vehicle weight station in amarillo?
Thanks! We're excited!
I change the icon every Friday
Always do sober what you said you would do drunk. That will teach you to keep your mouth shut. -Ernest Hemingway
Station North Arts Cafe is catering at the Charles Street Friday Market- corner of Lanvale and Charles. pulled pork & cucumber salad? YUM!
"Believe in everything that doesn't exist, but it's real in your mind."
Travel Presentation Thursday at 8pm. Author Christie Gosline will share her inspiring story of traveling through Mexico by sea & by land.
PROM hello! Y'all are like 16.
What the heck is Body Mind. Not working there.
I feel it. (sorry for the late reply)... But just let them keep paying you. If they dont want to make the best move, so be it!
Just finished in the studio and our E.P. will release Jan. 21st!
Just saw a girl with massive amounts of test answers written on her arm. I hope you fail and get kicked out of school
Nainaaaa, I know! I missing you more. Come to New York with Gavaar and Lati no? Please
#DonnieBalboa drops at NOON!!!!!
psyched to see #thedamnwells in LA tonight.
I close my eyes tighter than Asian eyes Then realize I got the same wings angels fly w/. W/ LouisVuitton feathers now that's some fly s*
great! Could you please give me an email address to send questions to?
thank you for showing up at Roosevelt Field Mall today, you made my day
yeah. Agreed. It's pretty amazing.
Lately I have been question everything and everybody.
good morning! You too! :)
Guide us on paths of righteousness and lead us in the ways of justice and love
Just booked flights to Tulsa for a spring wedding with Who knew it was so expensive to fly to Tulsa?
Your task for the future is not to foresee it, but to enable it. Live it in the Now!
Dear iTunes, I didn't send a clean version of a song to iTunes match, so why did you send one to my phone...FAIL!!!
Thanks for listenening to us get through glitches today. Everyone come to the basement of Johnston Hall for Allen's birthday next thursday!
San Diego County March unemployment: 9.5 percent. nonfarm jobs up 2,900. Follow for more.
Exactly Again!
Editing copy for our Assistive Resources website - hope to go live by March 13th.
i love you.
My pleasure. Keep the great content coming!
Cookie for breakfast.
Hi Heather, thanks for the follow! Was gonna ask what DM stood for, but then I figured it out. Brilliant eh?
Hurdle kills any chance at a rally again. Just can't help himself.
Life is not about waiting for the storms to pass... It's about learning how to dance in the rain. ~ Vivian Greene
why didnt u go to syep event?
Interested in help me understand how it's different than the YouTube Symphony project.
Im A #GrandBelieber!Rt if you are too
I have done two national commercials with no rep. Was wanting to set up a general with you.
I'll be honest I'm only writing this tweet because I'm waiting for my park on Rollercoaster Tycoon to make money so I can build my new ride
Olivo the only person I know that can be worthless hitting a homer
#thevoice the last battle rocked it! I wouldn't want to have to pick between these two rockers, both amazing!
Stream 100.7 from your computer in January and listen for deals from PILATES PLUS SAN DIEGO...
loved seeing you but Peter and I miss you already!
this phone conversation im having >>>
Fab Josh, where you heading for study abroad? Check our site to maybe fundraise your trip and save moolah :)
I AGREE W/caller... this is TREASON. dems/people plz get involved/get local laws strong to prevent this takeover.
oh! MT Eureka! Just found unpublished 1971 interview with Michael Heizer. Misfiled in one of 3 boxes behind piles of stuff.
I hate sad endings.
#beats I make hip hop club and R&B that may
what'd you give up?
miss you too!!!
Keeneland, gun range, motorcycling, Goth night in the Ville, dinners out, Larry Flynt book signing...
Hi favelicious, thanks for following!
I think tweet limit should be non existing.
You back in the city, got show for you get with me
like maybe just a 16th of it?! That's all I want!
Dance on my heart.
MSPCA Angell just announced they rec'd $60,000 for Pet Care Assistance Fund,all of Lilly's care will be paid!+ others will benefit
ouch is right. p.s. got the email... thx for sending. will get back to you tomorrow.
i'm all for the evolution of language, but i've seen far too many non-word, words today: culinista, fangirl, mompetiton... sigh.
woof. Gatorade = worst chase
i need to take a rest. that was a stressful hour. geesh. Sorry again
thanks for the heads up! Sad I missed it the first time :(.
wait?! Are you gonna be in Seattle for two days? Pike Place is a MUST! Hope you like Starbucks, we have them everywhere!
Most comments on this topic focus on all or nothing. Blanchard calls feedback "the breakfast of champions". I agree.
Just listend to ur talk w/ Thomas via virtual coffee radio. so #inspiring, #uplifting mind and spirit, keep rockn
im sure it was amazing, I didn't think it was cheesy
says "it is actually a big deal" to get a budget done on time. Late budgets were a "symbol of dysfunction."
What a sad day for San Diego. Our hearts are with the family of Junior Seau, a great player, a great person. RIP
I've been an Acer girl for my last several.
So glad - it will be over soon and then you will spend hours trying to find things LOL
no because it's the proper name of the product..that's how they spell it. :-)
I want school to end
I'm so proud of my new website. Take a look and if you know someone in denver who would be interested, tell them! www.tenacitycircusarts.com
Can you say clinical pause? During the last strike in 84, MSA had to pause clinical for a few weeks. Should be interesting n
thanks dude!
Fall kickball registration closing Sunday. Its our most popular & fun season so get on board. Teams or individuals welcome!...
oh I know I'm can be mental sometimes but I can't help it! (; ily too
Ha!!! looks so amused. :) Yay for Baby Franks! , hope you had a fun baby shower!
Tip - Use the google trend tool to find hot topics, then build FB pages around it & market products to them - Easy income
#Budget comte votes to approves cuts to funding for #Ed/ #Health/#Nutrition while increasing #defense spending.
Goodnight everyone. Sleep good.
lucky!!! its only been two days and im sick of it! lol
"The self is not something ready made, it's something in continuous formation through choice of action."
I hate using my truck to do work because it gets dirty. I assume someone will be coming to revoke my man card.
i got bored of reading sparknotes :/
If bills draft Russell Wilson a happy man I will be :D If bills draft Ryan Tannehill an angry man I will be D:
your arms are inspiring.
On another note, I hope stays with the Mavs! Lets keep the team together..
“ I think it's time we part!”
Accident at 21st and Mass NW. JAMMED UP!
click the buttons, the fire and scroll all photos with right and left albums, everything moves, flash is motion and lights, is magic! pa ti
no lol. Its too late. For her. Do you wanna hangout tomorrow ?
Nope, just bought Karma Bar and Grill on Ogden. Spread the word, tell the world.
How I'm in kelseys homeroom without Kelsey >>>>>>>
When life gives you a hundred reasons to cry, show life that you have a thousand reasons to smile.
52- I don't think we have talked before but your really cute so that should change :)
It's freakin HOT in here <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
When your team loses you get slandered in hopes that their team will lose as well so you can return the favor
Lose yourself in Me always. ~ Gabrielle Bossis
I haven't posted in awhile but thanks :D
Baby grind wit me....slow grind
#FF Our radio guests this week on :
Good Luck and in the 25k tomorrow! You guys should prolly just go 1&2. You can decide the order
It was great talking with you. Thanks for the tips!
HA! RT Wis. DWD Secretary Reggie Newson on early release of new jobs numbers: This has nothing to do with June 5 Walker recall.
thanks Ben. Things are indeed growing. Implementing community planit in four new cities this year. More soon...
And I apologize for that!
WOOT WOOT!! “: Next weekend it's getting weird for my best friend 21st , can I get a woot woot!!”
Rein in the mind, restrain the senses and recover the abiding joy and peace of the Self within.” (Gita, 6:15)
happy birthday bro
A Japanese fighting fish vs. a fiddler crab. Who wins?
I've tried all the diets and done all the work. Trust me when I say a #lowcarb diet is the way to go!
hi long time no c:)
good seeing u briefly last night broski! Hope to hang labor day weekend.
Omg. I just remembered the mistletoe video...and he kissed angel at the end:(
RT : Real success always comes from the inside and spreads outward.
Shopping can't make problems go away, but it certainly can get your mind off them for an hour or two. Nothin' better than a new sundress!
We use several major National and local Insurance providers to assist our clients and their insurance needs. Contact us now!!
I did that all weekend! Lol
Hey Christine!
Some day... Some day<3
Happy Mothers Day, to all the moms out there I hope they enjoy their day :)
Gutted with desperate housewives. I cannit watch
It used to be called a 'reputation,' now it's called a brand- you MUST have a relavant and truthful brand to find your dream job.
yes he did!
walking home from volleyball tryouts. guys are pervs
yeap and i love u!!!
Mad Men? Veep? KHLOE & LAMAR is on you guys hello
All of these people are giving me dirty looks
i would love to win an Xbox!
Hi JS & NS..saw you on HHI. I'm orignally from SouthSide, so I looked you up. Great blog! Fun to "explore" the island with you.
HAS AN 89% IN PRE-AP ENGLISH. PLEASE LET THIS VOCAB TEST BRING ME UP TO A 90%. PLEASE
Over every mountain there is a path, although it may not be seen from the valley. -James Rogers
Tonight: brother's football game. Tomorrow: friend's wedding. Monday: Harrisburg, PA for the yearling sale. Busy, busy, busy but lovin it
can you bring the hair please ?! Thx girl!
End of 3 - Friendship surges past Thurgood Marshall 50-44 in the boys final of the Washington Charter School League.
Just taught half of Macy's how to do the Wobble. My white, older co-worker tore it up!!
Looking at various test tracking systems. In many- 50% are always looking bad, 50% always looking good. Wonder about fairness and accuracy.
you know it white bou
Alice Tan Ridley performs @ the Caswell County Civic Center in Yanceyville North Carolina Oct. 8th @ 8pm.
My brother is watching WWE or as I like to call it Men In Panties lol.
Fucking some food up right now >>
Excited about Wild Days this weekend at #SeaWorld. I have the pleasure of introducing as he hosts two animal shows today.
all these tweets and pics are driving me crazy with jealousy... 4 months.
what's up bro?
KOBE JUST LOST THIS GAME FOR US!!! 2 turnovers & got scored on twice! Wtf!
please follow me:))
nope, i wait to see what the advertisers do then piss them off by correcting their mistakes. also, i will fist fight you.
DONKEY KONG
who am I gonna lean on when times get rough? who's gonna talk to me till the sun comes up? who's gonna take your place?
Wants to know if Google Wave will clean his room
boy's bid day..... #madness already.
hell naaa! Im not even packed... We'll be on the way soon tho!
At Trulia tonight for event
thanks for following!!
Haters gonna hate, Mahomies gonna love<3
I often start saying or typing something then realize half way through I should keep it to myself but I just keep going or hit send. Yup!
that's even without thoughts lol!
The buck stops with the guy who signs the checks. - Rupert Murdoch
i know the feeling. looking forward to a target and grocery store run during the game. it's going to be amazing
I look down on you peasant Undergraduates... You know why?..... Cuz I graduated.
Yeah. I have a bronchitis. Didn't go to work today I worked from home. How are you?
Wow. I haven't been up on things. Big Congrats! I just saw that you're going to the Tide. Great hire for them. Be blessed.
Ready for Barbara Vines Little Chancery class @
No. Ill pick you up! Let mommy rest today(:
Meta World Peace is all about his business.
If we are to truly celebrate the enormous life & talent of #WhitneyHouston, we must critically engage US' schizophrenic relation to drugs.
Oh #BettyFrancis. Interesting storyline for her. Can't wait to see her share a scene w/ #MeganDraper!
fml i cant never meet cody
hello, gorgeous!!
I don't wear make-up! (:
Dick=someone w' no moral issue w' ruining someone's life to advance his own career. Like I said, you don't give a fuck.
House passes #CISPA but thats why they are the house; and of course #gop majority at the wheel; civil liberties are no priority for repub
will you please follow me? You are my inspiration & i love you!(:
RT : I'm cooler than the other side of the pillow at the moment
i have no purpose
Thank You! RT : #FF and because they are awesome people!!
Does Russel Wilson make up for transfer rule Kevin Kruger upsetting Badger hoops for UNLV in 07?
thinking about starting a video blog titled "the ranting reverend" because wearing a clergy collar seems to make you an authority now days.
Happy Sunday have a great day!! : ) xoxo
thank u c u tonight
its a hype hype ting, boy better know that fruitellas are a badman sweet.
Time For A Nap, I Damn Near Dozed Off On Elicia <3
You mean, not smashed into PYITE?
Which one?
I'll do my best. Guess I'll be following a new team next year
Don't feel good. Gonna stay home and do some missing work....
At the UNLV vs Boise St. Football game. The pre-game show, with fireworks and skydivers was bananas!
THIS IS SOME FUCKING BULL SHIT
Tests just discovered several bugs for me that I didn't know my code had. Yay!
OH YEAH! DESMOOOOONDDDDDD! Let's go Nats!!!!!!!!!! My fav Nat out there!!
Ikr but Bowie is. Lund to make it special lol
I love 's tweets! There funny <3 c:
"Shoot me" heart, DC
I believe in the compelling power of love
she said she think jaz dutches and 40 r beast.. when I asked what happened to our battle she said she not entertaining this
Ron Paul: Kingmaker later, irrelevant today.
I know I know ... there in spirit! RT : #LEGENDARY noah where the fuck you at!?
Appreciate the follows all
oh no!- it's been over a year since I set ours up
That's just Manny being Manny.
They are corn tortillas, naturally100% gluten-free.
": New BBT tonight? Waiting to see Sheldon.">> what was I doing w/my life before this show?
I love it when you call me big papa.
finally home!
iPod just isn't the same as the real thing :(
Apparently breakfast was just a dream this morning, I am starving.
#iwasthinkin you should order me some A&F jeans :)
Do people have anything better to do than to hack twitter! #FrickinLosers No Buenos :-/
It's nice to be back in Orlando, but I already want to go back to NJ with friends & family. Big week ahead in deciding when that will happen
thank you!
New member of team I phone let's see how this goes
Thanks Mike. Save a beer for me. We just ate probably our last hot meal for awhile. We have plenty of Deli meat and coffee.
Adding lots of #Carhartt flannel to the website, when I see flannel I think of...Red Green & Al Borland
their bussing is so stupid. everyday is a combined bus
Thanks and Don't forget the isosceles triangle lol
lol, yea I kno I'm just sayin... Haha... Wait the less time u get what??? Haha....
I hope you're right! I know you guys want to be able to finish the concert.
O. Exciting! Sorry I can't make the session. :(
Lovin today! Started working with a great new client and got a killer chest/bicep workout in for myself
hello Cali in the fall!! But we are so overdue! I feel we vacationed more...#didwegrowup?
Such a day that I'm watching Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory.
and you all are geniuses!
It was great to meet you at the gifting suites yesterday! You'll love the ageLOC products!
The plan today is more #WWI images/posters; blog posts either on #ncscifest or the records move; maybe #CW150 metadata.
They just dreams, turn em' to reality.
For once today....my eyes don't itch
oh no.... That'll get ya every time! Sorry, dude.
ah, have fun! soak up some sun while you're down there - winter is coming and rumor has it it ain't playin around this year
thansk for the FF! Rest up and get better, hun.
Girl - you should stop running every day. If you're not able to eat that's the last thing your body needs right now...
blazers or clips tonight?
ite and idk about Friday and what about Sajan?
Heck yeah I'm ready for the Fakers tomorrow! I'll be at the Can for the big game. Can't wait.
damn better find me one
so should I try to show up to track tomorrow?
Just set up three shoots, a fashion show venue and booked two mags for the girls.
Remembering Eunice Kennedy Shriver today. Saw her at Ronald Reagan's funeral 6/04. She was with hubby Sargent Shriver in better days.
who did it??? I saw you but i was leaving!
I tried to get VIP today for NYC but it's sold out.
Cassandra: She's probably getting her wig fixed and shit. Me: I can't.
it's going great, not yet still getting my apartment together, should be back recording next week
at show? what was this in reference to?
Thanks, thanks, THANKS, #Memphis, for such a great turnout and making our patio launch so much fun! It was a ball, & we love being here!
getting my belly button pierced tomorrow! serfianwiefhliwehflsajflihwesfhcdvfnrepytia;asf i'm so nervous!!!
you're welcome! :D So what are you training for, a lifeguard at an aquatic place?
Omg that larry 1D doll sex tape actually makes me really uncomfortable.
Suprising to learn how down and out both David Feherty and Gary McCord were when they were hired on at CBS
I hope to.
I could go for some Sonic right now. A coney, tots, and an Ocean Water. Boss nigga Steven got me hooked on that drink.
That sure looked intentional to me. #Rondo. I think he's in a lot of trouble.
tweeting in class... take tsk~
--that prolonged WORKING...and when I am working INTERUPT me..that isn't so wise...so I put it off so I'd be some form of human and nice..:)
Keep it up man!
Busy week ahead, a lot of planning for next shoot of The Wailing.
For the record...I hate the reference of North Portland as NoPo.
Retweet please because 9 months of morning sickness has meant 9 months of wasted food. Especially garlic.
: Congratulations on your new addition. She is flat-out adorable. Blessings to all!
not looking forward to working a double tomorrow. /=
Thanks for the RTs!
it's been so good haha
is a bad influence.
Shogun Lunch!
RT : When we want to make our content vivid, we’re going to make it visual.
Wait...sorry-you DO Foursquare already! I have to look u up.
Thankful for another day. Ready for the next! Time for bedd! GN<3
Storms pass.
I only roll with the chia seed, so good luck! Oh and don't drink and drive!!!
Just registered for back to back half marathons in March.
Today is a good day
thanks vermont! xoxox
I recommend it!
Does it bother anyone else when an actor improperly uses a cane?
lmfao, that's too funny did you tell her " I don't need too I am it "
Shame about Lugar losing. Minus One statesman in senate. But really how can you expect to win when you don't even have an apt in the state.
trust me I would never do something like that. It was a coincidence. I'm sorry. I didn't mean to. T'was an accident. :(
check out the The Art Institute of Chicago, Chicago's number one museum!
51.7 & 9.82 (the other way around would have been an issue) congratulations to and great weekend, great season opener
its okay/: theres always a next time..
Strangely quiet at the Delta Terminal in Boston.
Taco Bell. Taco Bell. Taco Bell.
Saddlebrook invades the Fox Valley tonight !
New "Black Beauties" on the Spector bass. Ready for 's CD release show tomorrow!
DESSERTS NEW YORK STYLE CHEESECAKE seasonal berries
So announces IN PUBLIC that she's working "behind the scenes" 2 galvanize support of ?!
Seattle already has an IT fan base, in more ways than one :)
We hope you worked up an appetite because it's lunch time here at #pbc12! Head over to the Exhibit Hall and get some grub!
Sleeping is my drug. My bed is the dealer. The alarm clock is the police! #thatisall!!!
see you in Arizona hello
Hope you guys had a great dinner...cheers!
i changed my user name. (:
I was on the fence for a long time, but now I am a fan.
Anytime!! Keep up the Fantastic Work!!!
I agree - Scheduling is great but def not *only* scheduling. Spontaneity/ relevance = key
Jam bands playing at the black oak tonight, come swing by
Great presentation, Amy!
And, she's awake! Might as well get up
As titled the opening chapter in Waiting to Exhale, "Not Dick Clark!"
Woo hoo ! tie the game in the bottom of the 9th and a base knock will win it. Let's go Bucs !
Has to be. The refs set the bar even lower tonight. But finish in the last 45 secs and it doesn't matter.
Also, mens game will follow at 8 vs Simpson. Students, we need you loud and rowdy for both games!
RT : No cover tonight at #ClubNativo, come join the party!
RT Im tryna get hip to dis spot my mother got me hip to.
Losing streak continues for softball team at 8 consecutive defeats - The Pendulum
Le groan. I do as well. It's just not the same.
In its day, Life of Pi was as celebrated as #HungerGames. Let's see how the movie compares.
#santacon A lot of drunk santa today in NYC!
of course <3
looks like a penis to me good luck hahahahahahaha
Saturday, December 10th is Human Rights Day.
I do it just to piss him off *hehehe
Since we're closed for the night...“: Guess who's behind our bar tonight? The one and only David Nelson! Swing by and say hi!”
Your happy smile and Twitter profile just made me smile having had a broody day. Have a gr8 day in SF my fave city.
out here puttin in work bro , where you been at fam
Fuckin these tacos up
omg i had frosted flakes this morning too! they were delicious.
Please don't use my oncall.
If today is indicative of how the day may go @ #astd2010, we r goin to have some fun.
Grateful for my agents!
because im bored
if you would like to become a reseller, we can set you up with a distributor. info(at)bona-vita.biz
Feels good doesn't it?
RT “: got a headache!!!! going to bed!”<< you wanna go night night nigga!!--lmao!
Woot! Can't wait to see you back in Madison!
at my school, we're not allowed to save student data in DropBox
tonight menu: salad, tomato sauce with onion and butter, meatballs, fried zucchini, chocolate-lemon tart
Ya i low
possibly - remind me when it is
saw it. think its BS. made exactly the right point in the comments section.
I am the laziest of all the tigers
Young people tell be they're going 2b the CEO of my company in 2 years, 3 is too long. They teach you things
Them background singers dance like Tay lmao
you would! hahaha
Were u going for the Heat
Appraisal in progress. AKA, the most nerve-wracking part of my job these days.
I just auditioned for Skittles
The Thing (2011): [Sigh] if only... Where the original triumphed, this one plodded, despite a Kurt Russel look-alike. Cheesy drek. 1.95:5
Who else is hoping for an acoustic Ke$ha album??
at the mall
"If they want my respect, they must respect me. It must be mutual." WORD.
just a little scratch. That should buff out no problem. Lol
The dead start walking again in one hour
Hey! Thanks, I love what you are working on!
Poolside lounging at the with a mango mojito in hand.
I think I did a pretty good job of going all "shock and awe" on the cold that's been settling into my system. Feel much better today...
getting ready for class tomorrow so ima hit you after that im tired as well been doing homework all day
you can't do anything with the newbs... just delete that free content and let them figure it out themselves.
he hates me
Excited to finally try out tonight w/ and the cool band they had on air this morning! #myyellowrickshaw?
One room left for tonight. Who wants it?
RT : Just received my registration for #ICSF 2012 — can't wait to see you there!
It must be sad to have to return to your week appropriate Midwest outfits rather than weekend Nantucket outfit :)
I guess there's no way to report it without sounding that way, is there?
Rudy Gay rushed him
Today my driveway turned into the neighborhood sledding hill. Hurrah?
"I must get back to work, but first I’ll look at the clock and imagine where he is." Schulyer via the oracle.
i was going crazy
Don't let them get to you! Your creativity is such a gift, and I'm sure makes you far more capable in other areas as well!
DJ Cyn at TBar for Dew Tour bottom of Peak 8 come say what up!!!
Reading a book where the main character, a #librarian, organizes her kitchen cabinets according to the Dewey decimal system!
Has anyone other than Kobe done the math on how many points he needs to beat Durant?
Grading...grading...grading...grading...grading...grading...grading...grading...grading...grading...grading...grading...grading...grading...
#smx #1a1 Ahh, so Zappos URL shortener works because it has their full name in the URL.
RT : Praying for Dadaab, Kenya right now. Drought and sickness are rampant throughout this devastated refugee camp.
Haven't slept for 2 days.... Bouta catch up on tht:)
TONIGHT! swing by after work for $5 Margarita wednesday at D'Noche, pair it with our famous steak tacos, what a combination!
Tomorrow night we record our 50th episode. Want to take part in the show? Email us at
Make sure to follow to keep up with all action.
2 days until we dismantle the Cards!
So excited for church this morning!
rough him up; hes having a bad night
Cabin in the Woods synopsis: weird. Eerie. Unexpected. Twisted. Not-all-that-scary (but still made me jumpy). Weird.
Hey twitter people! I'm back! The week of combatives (military mma) hell is finally over:) I love this sort of pain! Lol!
I'm wearing my fedora and overcoat right now!
geniuses! We could save so much money!
totally! taxes suck! what do I need cops, the military, & the fire dept for when I can stroke my gat & go galt like a boss!
Our current featured artist in the shop, Eric Wixon, has his art on the cover of the new San Diego City Beat.
nahh a thugg take a break at 1 point .
thanks (: & yeah, he actually is. lol I hope he comes back to Ohio.
I hope it rains soon because lightning just fried our sprinkler system.
Advice to anyone in the j-school, do not take #CA361. I leave that class everyday wanting to put a hole in every wall in Vilas.
Tshirt Foil Printing at NYC Printing 123. Make your Tshirts stand out with a bang!!!
a little birdie told me get some buckets!!
ah. i had a great twittercation. it's great to see you all again.
Right on RT : Resignation of 'sexy' texting South #Florida politician may open door for first openly #gay Tallahassee lawmaker.
That's great! Congratulations to all the pets and their new families.
I serve a God who takes me as I am, not someone I'm trying to become. He made me, me! :)
So far, I still think one of my top accomplishments is getting this far through life without seeing an episode of _Friends_.
ur not alone!
Slayed it yet again, man. Nice catching up with you during lunch!
Championship game! Lets lady braves
- If I was The Heat's head coach I would put my foot down and say if y'all shoot a jumper contested come sit by me PERIOD!
best show of the last year.
Got some song writing in..........Any requests for song topics?
Photo Flash: Alan Gilbert Conducts NY Phil in Walt Disney Concert Hall Debut - Broadway World
Mayor Johnson @ RIT in a moment.
haha. Good man, in downtown for Gustavo Arellano's book signing! How are you?
Ok, in the last twenty minutes, i have been called gay and a nigger. By strangers. Weird. I'll keep track. More to come i think.
It is as hot as the <U+2600> today!
I want to climb in bed next to you. Hmm... is that awkward? Who cares, I want to be in bed.
Time for "Operation Unfollow", If I have been following you for weeks and u haven't followed back. "YOU HAVE JUST BEEN UNFOLLOWED" Deuces
Good Call I just might do that...I aint scared!
I'd catch a grenade for ya, remove the pin, and throw it back
Serenity keeps giving me imaginary dogs.
please tell me that non-look-alike stuntman for Bobby on the golf cart was on purpose?
Right right ...
Sometimes a little cry can make everything better.
Saying the right things at the right time: Priceless.
Big time accident. will have an update in 10mins! RT I would LOVE to know what the fudge is going on on the 290E.
A person will only take u forgranted if u allow it
true xD so :O ur profile pic :O its its its some golfer?
put my money back today. So excited. Glad u r doing good.
well one of them is a mix and the second one is a miniature poodle ^ ^
Hmm. This sounds intriguing! RT : It'd be awesome to see at Fiesta downtown playing his ocarina through the walkways haha.
do you think water is too wet?
ah.. I got 2 cats. sorry. hope the lil guy gets better.. whats wrong?
Consider yourself an introvert? DM us! We wanna interview you for an upcoming story.
RT Shift Your Shopping. Choose Local & Independent this Holiday Season.
Bein a mall rat.
You are seriously making yourself look super silly.
where are the <f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00B7>
Whether you think you can or think you can't - you are right. ~Henry Ford
Yeah, if I didn't get at LEAST 12 hours a night during the summer before I got a job back then, I'd be mad at everyone I saw.
Are you a workout junkie? Perfect. We wanna know how you switch it up to stay motivated!
Zombies anyone?
I agree, but it's a good thing to keep us from becoming complacent. I'm still in shock that FL elected Rick Scott gov.
great idea!
That awkward moment when someone you delete off Facebok tries to add you again.
I'll be up all night, and it's alright.
I'm glad you got first tweet from She will reply you someday. ;)
So are you recording Downton Abbey?
The #Dbacks were shut out yesterday for just the 3rd time this season, the fewest of any #mlb team.
TouchDown NY
Agree! Did you see Win Win? I liked it, but not as much.
RT : No Relationship, Is Fresh Out The Box Perfect. It Takes Teamwork.
Never been so excited to eat a pizza in my life!
#METS WIN! 17-13 baby! Starting to get into the Mets again...
Yeah! Want to read the stuff, but there's some disconnect. Need a reminder, maybe.
Doug Collins deserves this.
- glad I have my bestfriend.she's there through everything.love her till the end. just wanna give you a shoutout! love you emma.
RT : Hit me up if you need #makeup #beauty www.ginarobinsonmua.com
haha okay if you say so grandpa :P
omgeeeee..u taught me so much
good stories!! Feed the minds of the youngins!! Nasa needs more rocket scientists ;)
The kid is growing up quickly. Bryce Harper just hit his second HR in as many days.
Hop was super cute!
“ had to get on tha grind so i can see better times! - #boosie”
Jack Sparrow saves the night, eh?
Not gonna have any free time this summer between Laurie's and the library haha.
no edit .
": Only black people act like "dark skin" & "light skin" are two different races..."
that was a very fugly shot! Go Cats!
I hear there is some really good, ground breaking Toby Keith stuff coming out... Should be right up your alley! AmericaFuckYeah!
We did it! We sold our 25th Andrey Kurkov "Penguin" novel!
"If things start happening, don't worry. Just go right along and You'll start happening too".
Spotted Cow's never done much for me.
Ppl always ask me how I stay up on all the news just tune into n my crush show on youtube my #1 go to for the latest
I seriously hate not being able to sleep!
Standing still is the fastest way of moving backwards in a rapidly changing world
get me some too!!
I love facts. <U+E40D><U+E105>
I know :/ it happens to everyone
Nate is cute.:)<U+2665>
: ? is, how many calories? "The air an average person inhales in a single day contain 1 liter of farts of people around him.”
I'm pre and post game. :) Keep 'em coming.
yes! The perfect dinner
Ed Miliband: It&#39;s time for change... and we must too
I'ts definitely a BLUE MONDAY, cause it's raining in MIAMI
When I say your cut off I mean it.. Try to talk to me I will ignore you or really hurt your feelings..
Keep printing communist propaganda and I'll take my capitalist dollars and spend them elsewhere.
Wherever there is a human being, there is an opportunity for kindness. -Seneca
When I don't text back either...a)im mad at u (b)I lost my phone (c)my phone died (d) your not worth my time (e) im to lazy to pick up
Saw a huge calculator for sale at #webwise hotel shop, thought it said "XML calculator" instead of "XXL calculator".
I'm attempting to fill out my web time sheet and I can't freaking remember my password. The one written down is wrong dammit. Frustrated.
RT : RT : Courage to fail makes for great creativity!
wow thats crazy! Thank You guys so much :) LOVE YOU GUYS
tell people:) and chat when ur on!
I love you, Seattle.
Magda, thanks for the "Spotlight" today!
Just found the spot in the bar under the A/C. Have a feeling I will spend much of the summer just like a did the last 10 minutes...searching
I'm so happy at the turnout of #fordmiamiLATISM thanks to the team & you are the best!
'Bring your experience up to the standard of Scripture; never reduce Scripture to the level of your experience.' (Blackaby)
Roundabout, incomplete: what about geocities archive? Early hosting platform could yield insight here.
I knew I liked you.
He graduate from training on the 25th … Im really Proud of what he is doing with his life…
birthday has started strong.
oh well to late &exactly :3 <FixMyHeart;*>
pls let me know what responses you get to this. Yes I'm awake
Haha your commercial was awesome!!
Carnegie Corp and AASL both want to influence ESEA reauth. Perhaps we could maximize our voices by working together?
Thanks for the RT!
you were going to go without me?! RUDE
well in that case, yes! mwaha
thanks for the RT! And its a really good question...
no problem(:
Say what by Get Busy Committee
i can"t believe that follow me
If I win the lottery, I will pay off all Lannister debts, thereby forcing them to come up with a new motto.
We're just two love birds that's why we're always tweeting **
His best ever IMHO -- 808s and Heartbreak. RT Which album?
NEVER Text While Eating Soup
discount codes are now available for the July's book "Building Web Reputation Systems" email or DM for details.
#ConfessionsAboutRelationships101 If you are not ready for responsibility then you are not ready for a relationship,it takes responsibility.
which band?
Should you listen to your fears, you'll die never knowing what a brilliant person you could have been.
Playing a full band acoustic DSD show for The Williams Family tonight! Happy Graduation Elizabeth! Congrats Sarah & Victor!
How hard have you pushed yourself recently? If you aren't getting out of the comfort zone & start making mistakes you are not living 110%!
"education hurts" I'm ready to get
People seldom improve when they have no other model but themselves to copy.
Life isn't like a movie where someone else's words on a page. You get to choose how it's written and when you'll take your bow on the stage.
Why ponder life's complexities when the buttons run smooth on Nintendo Wii?
you're welcome<3 stay strong(:
What an incredible comeback by Duke in Chapel Hill! Play of the game: UNC's Tyler Zeller tips in a Duke miss in the final minute
Boy digs his mom, is confused
Rainy Monday. Waiting for my car to be serviced. Thank goodness for portable and entertaining technologies.
The boys have suddenly shifted from a superhero phase to a Transformers phase. Johnny knows the theme song by heart.
hm, should I change my bio? yes? no? help me out! :P
Came home 2 good news... But outta respect 4 my boo I'm not gloat.. #it's really hard not 2 though
Who wants my 1600 tweet?
#Gemini what country MB will take you to: Morocco
#IreallyWant this upcoming weekend to come
“: We're Watching You” what am I doing?!?
Grand Canyon, Space Aged Eggs, 6 mile hike, Bee Hive, Bee Sting, Homemade Carne Asade, Good Company
When people slip or fall into me at the bar they get that nasty Baltimore look, only my real bmore people know what I'm saying
I cannot function right now . -"__-
Another fun day as a panelist for the U of O School of Architecture and Allied Arts!
Thanks for the RT!!!! be sure to get some good food.
Official notice from #FluxDesign FIRM remodel date MONDAY APRIL 23RD! One day install.
Yes, but why we get "This guy was at the top of our board!" for each guy RT interesting to see how teams handle post-draft ?s
its my birthday !
This shit is chess, IT AIN'T CHECKERS
We're all excited for our Halloween party tomorrow. What are you dressing up as?
Cracking up
I wonder what I'm going to cook for dinner.
duh that's an easy one Wisconsin player made for the NFl
This was just his first test - so now he's officially a yellow belt. :)
Good morning!!! I'm really excited about today!! ^_^
is impossible that you see this tweet but im from uruguay and i have a dream that never will come true but im trust287
im jealous... Haha
ah omg!! i know right! they are saying the 5 will come out in JUNE! But we will see! i had the 4 for over 2 years now! :((
blah,,,,im bored. on the other hand i want to play with a ouija board, make some new demon friends eh?
Love me or hate me. Either way I'm on your mind.
fuck our lives
Schapp is becoming more and more like his father.
dang im in America lol its almost 1:00
I've alreay been to the DR and had tests nothing no results
wow. Kathleen carins report was a funny joke!!!
Omg Guys With Accents<333
Sorry you're too late. I'm already there!
": I can you hear you Korea. I'm shaking.". Lol some people call that a seizure...
Khaleej Times Sport - tennis
USA beating Canada 2-0 in 80 th minute in Gold Cup Opener
Beautiful day. <3
Giroux's suspension is uncalled for if you ask me. But I understand. Flyers were done after that game anyway now we'll get embarrassed
see my avatar tweet from last night. Hahaha
Lol! You know what's up.
we now have in the US
Religion is all bunk.-Thomas Edison
We provide Tile and wood flooring install. How can I help you?
Welcome back to Mission Valley Craft Brewers Conference!
I miss you.
opinionated and arrogant are usually equivocated by people not wanting to sound "opinionated" in turn.
My mama's attitude <<<<< SIT DOWN SOMEWHERE!
yes then I'm going to be sad for you because your ruining you life:) !*)
We need Will and Jada to last like Ashford and Simpson.
It thinks that about me too. I've yet to see a strong female lead in the strong female lead section.
whitened?!? theyre so freaking white already!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
#cantmesswit these young old ass women who play to many games so u kno #youcanttrust em so just dust em
THANK YOU!
Thinking about him <3
ha! AWESOME!!! Have a great weekend- hopefully it will dry out a bit- but we have been SO lucky lately
omg well i guess ill go today when my mom gets home at 12 nd go over there
Mane you already know....
Yay? “: City's 2013 budget expected to fund 550 crime cameras which hv been shown to reduce crime by 25% in covered areas.”
that's exactly what they say haha.
are you going to kome and sing #stuttering for me... Or round midnight
Lol!! Love the new video. Great build up for the ending <U+2665>
Who does the closed captioning for live events? Stenographers? I say stenographers.
I'm looking for some great #edtech conferences to go this year. Recommendations welcome!
None of us wanted to be the bass player. In our minds he was the fat guy who always played at the back. Paul McCartney
Dane County Executive Kathleen Falk also filed open meetings complaint with the state Attorney General's Office.
Sorry I don't have to be sloppy drunk to have a good time... oops.
Nice line said by a girl after breakup. He broke my heart, I broke his iPhone 4S 64GB
2012 World Latin Dance Cup is in Miami
awww...lol I know you do..but get ready for 3 more games to be like this..
At the IHS football game! Go Eagles! RevolutionforJesus
Keep your thinking right and your business will be right
C-130 was first delivered to Air Force in 1952 with purpose being a flying tractor-trailer holding bout 40,000 lbs cargo ...
Damn, I can't believe I didn't see that coming. My love for had me hoping so much - can he release his new album soon?
I hope you get put in a wheelchair, drake urself bitch!
im the devil backwards so u kno that i lived it
Too much caffeine
enjoy your new home.
Why Choose Us because we are the best Call today 305.401.8108
I need someone who’s understanding. Not someone that gets mad at me for every little mistake.
just go tout of the shoowerrr.
I know!!! I can't wait to hear the stories. I've not pumped for too much info during the breaks this AM.
Absolutely loved your posts about trying to find a job post M.F.A. Looking forward to reading more of your work!
soon as i tweeted that i got hungry smh
Do buffalo really just fuck with random cars?
A hug is a great gift - one size fits all, and it<U+FFFD>s easy to exchange
#FavoritePrideSlogans When Did You Choose Heterosexuality?
LOL @ that super religious girl who yells back "Heaven Yeah" when the DJ asks "Do my ladies run this muthafucka?!?!!". No lie, I met a few
Election night in sports office means #Brewers & DieHard trilogy.
WCA Viceroy co-wrote a film, and Consigliere put a song in it. This morning, that film sold at
Rx2you provides #prescriptionassistance #petmeds #glasses check us out on the web by scanning our QR code
yup, it runs in the browser with flash, nothing else needed
Face Magazine in China have approached us recently to do a piece on The 50 States Project
Know the difference between a Job and a Career!!! Silly fucks.. They gone Hate me for ##MyAMBITION !!! Morning::
yes! that sounds like a very fun game :)
i'm not gonna, one day people will finally realize i'm not just doing this for fun. check me out?
come join chiefs nation! And your buddy breaston!
"Have you seen this girl? She's been running through my dreams, and it's crazy it seems, im gonna ask her to marry me." :)
damnit twitter. why you dropping my tweets tonight?
Man City controls its own destiny now. Leads Man U on goal differential.
But when y'all lose y'all get bitter AF and run LeBron's name through your TL… that shit wack
please follow me too =) please <U+2665><U+2665>
I've been around staying busy lol ..how about yourself
ration for us all and we love and support you no matter what<U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
I may be in the minority, but my job is a lot more fun when both UofL and UK are doing well
Theres No New Season Till September ^-^
#Piranha might be the best movie ever
ZOMG, pumped for #Springsteen in September! Early bday gift to myself! (cc )
oh. tomorrows gonna be pretty interesting then.. like EVERYONE was pissed off on friday. happiest place on earth my but
Cock avis are for dicks
if you got bit rest assured I would end your life quickly cause I love you bestie!
Who knew Beethoven's "Ode to Joy" was stolen from J.S. Bach's "Jesu, Joy of Man's Desiring?" What the...!
colorado is my town!!!!
love this day. go blazers
you shouldn't be talking. Just saying.
Wishing I was at #SPAC tonight
through and hand-add. despite the fact that they clearly had those figures to determine other figures. its just bizarre!
Buried my grandfather, a WWII vet, yesterday. These great soldiers will all be gone soon.
yeah i know its pissing me off
what about sing and play football
Artists are vampires; we all have someone's blood in our gut.. Me? I'm hungrier than ever! Has anyone seen David Salle . . . ?
wtf?! We were across the river too!!
I'm very interested in editing help. I also need help with advanced marketing venues, if that means what I think it does.
one day we can go get it together
Thank you!!! I gotch your back anytime!!!
You're probably right, Mindy. But it's interesting that college students are struggling with them. Hopefully they get easier.
#Austin freezing today, but awesome. Just got a 90 on my advanced #java final exam. 12 credit hrs in 12 wks what was I thinking?
thanks for the follow, drop some serious recipe knowledge from time to time! ;)
The cooks are making the cutest gingerbread house in the library. I want to join in!
Love the Whidbey Island sunsets. Vibrant orange and pale grays and blues from the overcast sky. It's really quite something.
my organic cereal is better~
also step yo biz social up w/ Grow yo base peoples!!!
Please don't leave me alone..
very cool!
How did I not know that is playing Warped Tour this year???? Omg I have to go!
Going for a run! :)
Bummer! It closes at 5 except Thursdays - and it's only open until 8. I don't see why they don't just let me sleep over.
I'm trying to decide if people generally like NYC Halal carts. I go so often invented the word halalrious, gross or awesome?
The majority sounds the same.dam.smh.
I hate you.
#Imagine Austin getting to meet all of his Mahomies!
Have you ever wondered what emotional obesity looks like? Consider a lack of discipline, spirit of entitlement, and selfishness.
That's ridiculously sad.
Free promotion site url on my profile. . Please follow me! i'll follow back within 2 days :)
RT : Already getting it going with !!!
Stupid ass #national Grid
Had I faltered we would have neither the success nor the international reputation we have. Yet when a woman is strong.
I'm heading back north for the holiday weekend, it really is neat how filled with trees and green maryland is.
Theres a lot of great football games on this weekend! Stop by and watch your team on our high def screens. SMILE BIG. EAT BIG. DRINK BIG.
walking... uh oh
bout to call u...
We don't know how to follow because we can't lead. So we should work together. Librarians are like herding cats
6 months with my daughter, and I'm at six months with my son. I'll be lucky if I make it to Christmas.
My New Mixtape Will Drop By The End Of May....Get Ready, Its Gonna Be A Classic!!!! -Breeze DTA-
This has to be a first. MT "Our makes history today @ 4pm: Will live tweet panda artificial insemination #pandaAI"
During the '09 NFC Champ Game w/ Favre's Vikings vs Saints, LB J. Vilma offered a $10k bounty to anyone who could knock out Favre... WTF?!?
Sent you an email with some ideas etc. let me know you got it! thanks!
I hate typing out essays
I need to find those EAST/ WEST 's
Helping art direct a photo shoot on this beautiful day. Grunge is sexy and needs to come back.
God bless you, Sister.
my brother Justin i love !!!
Part of the resistance to adopting #ehr is the practice's need to defend from lawsuits. Creates natural caution.
It's been one year since Rebecca Black's "Friday" ripped a piece of music essence from earth. #TimeFlys. Wish I could have that time back.
Never live life in fear of death
Good Luck to Salisbury University football this weekend! Safe journey!
Ron Artest and Metta World Peace are trending lol
I'll be doing a signing from 1-3pm at Borders Express in Exton, PA this Saturday (May 21). I'd love to see you!!
Mis-read a print in a way that I liked. Originally thought it said: Life is too short to do something that "matters." :-D
Thanks for the RT, Nate!
Hey KFC, some things never really were in style.
Watching a graduation show with
“: If it was easy, everyone would be doin it.”<---so true!
Madagascar and men in black? Could it be a better summer for us!!! Come see them in buffalo!
Kyas music is on... TOO FUCKIN LOUD.. But the cops was just vibin with it.. Hand out the window and everything <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
I really don't like you
Guy on "Air Guitar Cam" at the #Phillies just got punched in the nuts. GREATEST MOMENT EVER!!!!!
where is the like button on these twitters?
what up Mel !
Why couldn't it have been convicted rapist and all-around terrible rapper/person Mystikal instead?
Go to our page at Actors Company of Tulsa and click the like button and add us to your interest list. Thanks for your support.
not gonna be able to make it.
Chisora and Haye should be imprisoned. Their fame and wealth should not make them immune. Keep the fists in the ring.
RIP-Don C
They just don't like you
Thank YOU for your support. It truly means a lot to us. :)
Im trying too get this MindlessBehavior VIP Backstage passes :)
Now on flip side= promotional copy. Write it like you're writing an online dating profile. <-- great advice,
out Breakfasting or cooking 'dem waffles
I hate when I get sad for no reason.
grt talking with you how you've been tracking your goals! Lets def stay in touch
Yo when are we going golfing? I hear has some serious game
My MIL bought one of my personalized wedding favors at a garage sale 10yrs after the event. Good to know I gave something with inate value.
Z at dance class, mama free for a few minutes to play on twitter! :)
RT : a haiku, yes, but I hate the idea that conversational tech. ie, Twitter might be tortured by legal definitions of ownership
like your old friends ex gf? Lol
i like the way you think bb. (;
Everything is copacetic what about you bruh?
how is the photoshot going superstar!!
next to the search box theres like that weird like human symbol thing click on it and go on settings then it will say... cont.
tf what did I do lol?
bahahahahahahahab I'm about to piss my pants I'm laughing so hard! My mom thought I was dying!(:
& Star Trek: TNG--I'm old skool. I only relate to the salt monster.
Taking on the #world from the top floor front seat of a
Only a few more hours until I throw the out of office reply up.
Hey all you tech writers with an engineering background, let's hear from you!
If I were on #idol tonight I would so do a James Morrison song. I would do You Give Me Something :3
All of this BS going on in the world makes me think, should I bring children into this?
you are so sweet! Glad you got them! PS I had to dodge cow-patties while working out today!
Good Morning fashion week! Good morning Lela Rose!!
What else after Christmas lunch... Love Actually... True!
To be truly effective,you must speak with such intensified &exalted naturalness that your auditors never dream that you are trained-Carnegie
shhh!! not public yet.....the 26th!:)
What do you think would make dev. teams more inclusive? And more diversified?
Come on and dont knock him our of the tri-pod in my abesence! I'll be there soon! ;)
Whats up my peeps???
Most of what I learned about sex, early on, I learned Spencer's Gifts and Look Who's Talking.
This chik could not be blowing my mind any more than right now! damn girl!!! You are phenomenal!!
"Score" vs. "Quality Rating" "Died" or "Passed Away"
"Red Planet:Mars"?
Booking shows like a boss, what you know about that?
Thanks Clifford! RT , Friends for
Fitness comes from the inside out; Change your mind. Then change your body.
<3 I haven't read it all yet but thank u!
ARE YOU STILL SKYPING WITH PEOPLE?!
Sometimes I feel like my head will explode cause it's so full of ideas. Some nights I lay awake til 1am cause I can't turn it off.
Thanks so much! Can't wait to see
Happy Monday! ... it only happens once a week
…and believers in Rapture might find it convenient to have an autonomous car so it could be able make its way back home without them.
so its not a word? Didn't think so. Lol
She's so ugly, she works in a bakery, posing for animal crackers
Lol. Good point. When we were in HS he was the dude and he had all the HYPE!
I probably couldn't and wouldn't want too
Ah I hate waking up!
Is it weird to wear sunglasses at the gym to avoid someone you don't wanna talk to?
So happy with the new web site that is under construction...New things for the #NewYear2012 for OHC T-shirt Shop
Get ready for the IDOE Virtal Town Hall in 15 minutes. Tweet questions to with
“: So far, the Angels have paid Albert Pujols $1,377,049 for no homers & 4 RBI.” no "bang" for your buck there
okay al message ya on bbm when am on me way
Everest's Mallory: "My darling this is a thrilling business altogether. I can't tell you how it possesses me.... And the beauty of it all!"
sometimes it feels, like the longe you're single,the more you start to think something's wrong with you
thanks for the kind words and for owning us!
Thank you. Parody accounts like that have nothing to do with the subject's personality are garbage.
Feeling with a heart. That I didn't break.
lolz.... hopefully i get to be the girl that he pics to get on stage wit him... :)
His n Hers #FUKyou ...for the both of U
Need=coffee, toast and an egg. MUST. Walk. Dog. And. Shower. Ok...motivating...NOW!
I wonder if #levilowrey knows all this is going on...
Im in McDonald`s n dis white dude sits next 2 me out of all da fukn seats n here n xpexts me 2 say xcuse me when i needed 2 get up.
RT comes to party with us in 2 days!RT & follow w/ 2 words describing her for chance to win FREE entry!
Best thing about being on the road by 5:30am ... Only a little bit of traffic
Girl, I know! It'll all click at some point. The Writing Center does pretty good GSP workshops. I did those & the prac test!
I believe there are several parts to the economic cycle but all I remember are 'recession' and 'depression'.
most of ct's caves aren't technically caves, dummy
& Bachelorette Boudior want to empower women!
can u follow me.
will pm you soon!
We still have free copies of Fahrenheit 451 to give away. Don't miss your chance to get one at the "Ask Us" Desk upstairs.
like the new avatar.
I WASN'T ON TWITTER UNTIL NOW OKAY DON'T JUDGE ME
daz wat it is..dm me yo address dre want me to get ti from u so he kan write u & u still work at da same spot
I don't have time for loosers!!!!!!! or #bum birches!
Rock night on #xfactor and not a single rock singer. Epic Fail.
Why can't "big boys" come to the bargaining table without the help of copyright? Talk about a regulatory thumb on the scale!
BELLADERMA BEAUTY BENEFITS 2012 Annual Membership ONLY $50! Dr. Bucko invites you and your friends to indulge in his brand NEW "BELLADERMA B
With the #Brewers hosting the #Reds for 3 & the #Cubs for 3, what's a successful home stand? I gotta think 4-2 is a must. Tough!
I have pics coming soon =)
Thanks for RT!
it's horrible.
you're the one that slept with him!
This blue-haired Katy Perry wants tix to Saturdays party!
I'd like 2 wish a very happy birthday 2 !! Love u dude! Hope you have a great day hommie!
bejeweled blitz....it'll be the best decision of your life
No dog park. Stupid rain.
by the end of this year we will not know who the opponents linemen were because ours would have dominated them all
Practice practice practice.
lol not a big Kevin Hart fan?
I'm in English I'm going to get nothing done to day
Happy Mothers Day to all my Mom Horsy Friends!
Blue Box got very nice referral from today! Thanks for sending our way.... Love to find time for quick call?
Wish Upon a Wedding! Terminally ill bride/groom gets wedding paid so they can wed before. I can get u info, I sponsor.
I have trouble watching that without crying.
Happy Halloween
Systems & #design thinking for #Philadelphia #prison pre-entry & re-entry program today. New approaches to solve big problems
Really great what fox soccer is doing today. Although now I need to find where the speed channel is
R & D for Korean Pig Roast next week, what are your favorite Korean dishes?
two more followers until we hit our valentines day goal #LOVE our 250th follower gets a special shout out on the 14th! <3
Looking for a great job!
that made my Night!!!!! LOL :D GoodNight! ;)
This is amazing. RT Cool Cat Devours a Slice of Watermelon Like It's No Big Deal
What a great project. Thanks for sharing.
Not to worry, free Bingo and Super Shopper Stamp Card will still take place at this week’s Maui Mall Family Sundays event.
Thanks for the RT Susie. What a fun day it was My first visit to the historical track.
Nice .....bravo Nikki or should I say JakieO
seems to be the consensus!
have you made a playlist or cd of the songs yet? You know you want to :)
thank u for the
I know! It's really gonna be one of the best ones to ever take place!!! :D
Baby sister is NOW a licensed driver. Look out windsor!!
Checking Twitter on My iPod Touch
ice Berg right a head
Thanks to , I found in my hood. Enjoying pineapple salsa and other delights!
St. Joseph Medical Center is hosting a blood drive today from 11-5 p.m. in Lagerquist Room B. It’s fast and you'll get a snack!
So I just took Psychology and it was on the first two days of exams so I'm done! (:
there is definitely a in LA!! In fact it was there before here.
likewise.. You meeting #drunkcrowley tonight?
I got me 2 new tires from Discount Tires talked them boyz down. I'll get the other in 2 weeks. Not gone let them boyz break me like that
because apple knows solid UI!
Only a good day if get 2 watch familyfued!RT : guess you forgetting about ur 10am or later start days!
ill make some calls
#Boston #Worst was on vacation. This week worst stadium, pizza, and cable provider. If you are Boston Worst i will expose U:)
Happy 38th Birthday may your day be filled with joy, happiness and love I love you adam
NW: Star Trek
i just got 47 more followers in the last 5 minutes? o:
Do you pay in pretzels? RT Seeking PR Intern - Work w/ a team that drives comm msgs 2 the nat'l consumer public...
What is everyone's thoughts on the new layout on our profile pages? I don't know if I am digging it.
We're open late Chi-town!!! 4am party
it just means your super organized. you can come make lists for me, there see I am an enabler
since when?! where?!
Instead of worrying about what people say of you, why not spend time trying to accomplish something they will admire. Dale Carnegie
Heading down to LA for some fun museum meetings today & hanging out w awesome archivists in Ventura tomorrow.
I'm wearing a shirt with a triceratops on it. What do you think I know that you don't know?
off to yoga on my bike in this glorious weather!! Om.
I'm here .
And its hott men of #starbucks Thursday!
Hide and seek is a lot easier Now that everyone has cell phones..
yay!!!! Want u to meet my new roomie lindsey too.. super fun peeps!
I feel myself losing followers as we speak. In other news, strawberry preserves changed my life.
I feel like that's something for after the third date.
The Royal Teens - Short Shorts - 06:25 PM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Nice burn on Bachmann by Santorum: Presidents can't repeal laws.
Get out to the Bradley center tonight and support your Golden Eagles!
Today's my last day at Going to miss the online team so much.
Better to remain silent and be thought a fool, than to speak and remove all doubt.
rapstar lifestyle might just make it
What will it take for our country to seriously combat bullying? How many suicides? How many shootings?
Oh geeze. What a morning.
Latin Grammys Acoustic Sessions last night w/Jose Feliciano. Amazing performance!
I feel like everyone is judging me for this giant red welt on my neck. No, it's not a hickey. It's a bug bite gone horribly, horribly wrong.
The PPC is awesome. Also available for weddings and bar mitzvahs.
i got em for a steal, $175 on Stubhub
i didnt realize was personally/individually responsible for gas prices. silly me thought oil spec/record corporate profits.
Today is your final shot at a 4-Pack of tickets to + 2 plush elephants! Head over to our fan page to enter!
You say that now... but you'll get sucked into it again.
RT : Thanking God for this beautiful sunny day
Just saw a fight between a union ironworker and a guy who was claiming he used to be. The union guy had 10 of his buddies ready to jump in.
Smallest things can change my mood so quick
Decide what you want, decide what you are willing to exchange for it. Establish your priorities and go to work. -H. L. Hunt
I'll DM it to you
my head hurt so badd .
always get choose
good morning Traci!
Happy Monday to Everyone! Stay tuned for retweets of people that came in on Valentine's Day and tweeted about it!
Just dropped a novel-like email in your inbox. Your WTT/riots post got my sociology wheels from college a' spinning.
Warner Bros. announced today that Dee Gordon will star along side as Willie Mays Hays in the next "Major League" sequel
Send me an e-mail with the houses that interest you and we can start looking on Sunday!
So true. So sad.
Just finished a meeting with
lol damn i thought u forgot! Bet back but u got Indiana!
riderwood down in prescott arizona we did everything we could pray for him
Ah, it was probably rigged!
Guess my tweet got the ball rolling for Jessica Simpson today..did she seriously name her baby girl maxwell drew?!
Please follow NOW ...SHE'S A MASSIVE MAHOMIE, you won't regret it ! <<<<<<<
“: #WeWontWork if you dont put these hoes in their place & let them know wassup”
Its freezing!!!!
igtg i love u so much gn
tell em! You ain't gotta lie to kick it.
#ireallywant u to Please understand that when we argue, I'm not fighting with u, I'm fighting FOR u.
I love acting:) that's really awesome. Me? I've just been working hard as always 2 jobs plus school and songwriting :p
This is what you call service? I am supposed to wait to see if it shows up hope you calculate the times right and then help?
RT : Thank you for y'all who visit us last night #muchLove #seeUnextMonth!
Self Assessment Tool for functions of Trust Fund quality indicators will be a great tool to partner with the TN Trust Fund
Just realized that every song is a cover on this album. Of all people to cover an MCR song, Macy would be the last! She sings Teenagers!
woo! did you get laid on prom night? ;0)
Happy Mother's Day!
MODELS WANTED FOR DUB SHOW! $$$PAID! HIT ME UP FOR INFO.
The talks I have with my roommate>> <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
haha whatever works! Good luck to you, yogi!
I've realized that #FamilyGuy and #AmericanDad consume my life. I need to do a cleanse. Its getting to be ridiculous
Whoo hoo! I just happen to be on when it's #mombizmondays. So glad to participate again!
pubsubhubhub would be a great component; no sense re-inventing the wheel, and lets #pubmedia use existing tools as normal.
The Facebook Timeline is rolling out. Have you given it a try?
RT : Only a scant 5 days left to apply to Great Lakes #thatcamp - what are you waiting for!
she just goes okay well I'll let you go then.... Hahah??
women are beautiful yo.
RT : Mr. Met is making his way into the press conference room at City Hall.
I want to read the hunger games book so bad!
and i just need our write-ups emailed or something. We stay losing
Major comeback for Philly
oh most definitely. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F> good for you kiddo. You get a gold star for effort
wait, they're talking about arrays at #drupalcon?
I like the
Preparing to venture out into the Atlanta rain. Hopefully everyone else will be parked.
#sem2011 Deb Justice speaking on the negotiation of proximity and the ethics of style in church.
#ForcesOfNature So i can get every new achievement this weekend
Your up next.Good luck:) Love you
People skipping in the hallways
we used 1tsp of Xanthan Gum! Consistency was a little rubbery, but good flavor...more experimenting ahead!
AMERICAN IDOL: My Top Five Finals is DeAndre, Colton, Jessica, Joshua, Phillip. & then I want JESSICA SANCHEZ to WIN!!
my favorite TAP song is secret lover
Help yourself, and Heaven will help you. -Jean De La Fontaine
Don't forget... on tonight at 12:35pm.
I wanted a gene hackman slow clap! Not some irrecognizable, vague highschool football clip!
HarvardWood Film festival at LA Film School today
I wish the gun range was open.
I need to sleep!
You're a Hobbit fan? Do you also read Runelords? They're making that a movie too. Vote for actors
is annoying
I understand spring begins on Monday
am on one.
“: just beautiful” well thank you!
Steve Blake ?!?! Are you kidding me !! Kobe Bryant needs to have the ball in that situation. Steve Blake !!!! WTF !!
Must.pack.for.the.weekend....FOCUS!
A wise man once said, "hey! This bathrooms occupied!"
New Madison descriptor circulating: "40 square miles of democracy ...."
Don’t miss our Spring Fragrance Festival 4.27-4.28 from 10AM-9PM at the Flagship! Let us help you find your signature scent for the season.
Breakfast with Claude: Oatmeal, Yerba Maté, La Mer... (so french n so clean)
hahaha you know I'm just giving you a hard time! I know you won't disappoint. I don't think you're even capable of it ;P
Minutes away from John Doe performing
hope u have fun in florida :)
fuhhh my life,/:<
#ImSickOf always being used by people
Covering the Wisconsin Senate race deserves our attention.
I got a 9.0 on the male/female quiz
I wanna go, but I'm worried that I'll be fried after working all day at the festival! Loved Art of Fielding, though.
Welcome back...thx - SAVE THE DATE: Fri, November 11th...more details to come this week!
oh do they have family there??“: yeah cuz bjge and ocho are going to pittsburgh”
yes... i heard you're writin the screenplay or something?? :)
I struggled with the death penalty for years because there are many heinous crimes, but I am against it, like you.
I made tons of collect calls
I love you ! #teamMEATBALLS ! & Congrats, ! I know your gonna be a good parent ! Kisses ! ( :
So Minecraft is out for the 360. Demo's okay. Controls are clunky, but I'm used to the PC version.
Guy getting off the train "are the Phillies playing the Nationals today or something?" Yeah. They are everywhere!
Good night beauties.
I want some snuggle time!!
I'm bummed I missed #ThurstyThirsday at 62 Grand but I was grindin on hits! C u Mon. In SF now #poh<3plyfe
In the mood for music. Would like to know what your favorite #ThrowBackSongs are? Tweet us and let us know!
who else is a realistic possibility? Va tech transfer? I think we need shooter/ball handler as much if not more than a big?
your boy Billa is heading to Nashville as we speak. Time to party southern style
It has been a long time. I would love to catch up sometime. Yay for the pictures being back too. Redwoods?
Whoa it hurts too much! So call me out for not having the guts.
doing free (i.e. warranty) stuff for Will's car. I'm just here for the latte, snack bar, & magazine rack.
So, I'm pretty sure that I just left the whitest Jay-z show ever.
All my stalkers have long since graduated. My charm, wit, and boyish good looks were irresistible to the ladies back in the day.
Always looks good, just because you can accidentally meet her ex.
I'm at the Golf Mart in Del Mar Friday. I'll be there at noon. If you can hit it past me, I'll buy you a beer. Stay thirsty my friends
Possibly. Where you thinking? There's like a jillion places that do taco Tuesday in CLE.
Thank you!
Thank you for the #FF <3
if that's doing it wrong, I don't want to be right.
I feel unsafe drinking Nashville water.
can't call me a ref doe
Very light, patchy cloud cover - virtually no fog for your first day of August. Sunny/warm afternoon . slight chance of a mtn. shower
Our Hawks are on fire folk. Wooooooooohooooo Lets go Hawks! Let's go Hawks!
lol you have to read them then write a very long detailed report....I'd rather watch them or write a song
hope you follow back:)!
my sis and her friends are being hot tub hogs tonight get out!!!!!
i would love to learn piano :-) i always wanted to know <U+2665>
beware of the cornfields along that road to your house. Shit is creepy.
Shopping time <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00A0><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0080>
I Haven't Done My Nails In Like 2 Month, Thats Bad :/
One week people!! One week!! So excited for our wedding day!
Thanks for stopping. RT : most original offices probably ever.. Thanks for the tour today Andre!
Somewhere buried deep inside a Scottsdale storage unit is a Miguel Tejada jersey I was convinced would never be relevant again.
Yes, but in this alternate universe we also sound exactly like Tune-Yards.
back hurts so much tonight.
ah!!!! Obsessed already.
- see Silence or Priscilla Queen of the Desert.
Several of the "Kids" saw The Hunger Games at midnight. THUMBS UP. Also, MORE COFFEE. Has anyone else seen it yet?
Huh, the D was ballin RT : the "d" needs to step up. Then everyone would be happy...
Boutta change into some shorts, wrap my hair and lie down. My day is over lol.
good work last night brother
#BOYFRIENDReview that kidrauhl is grown up and we still love him
The show is actually going to be a life-sized nativity created using NBC15 staff.
after a hundred trys for getting tickets to any one direction concert in the ny area, i still have nothing, seriously hate my life.
hey...what time is the XL thing going on?
Shooting & Erin's wedding on the east side today! Yay for a fun couple & a pretty MI fall day!
Get your free market report at www.atlanta-home-sales.net
Will be in Flagstaff Thursday & Friday working with some fun clients for Flagstaff Business News. Will be dodging idiots on I-10 & I-17
yea we are...but were worth the effort...real talk.
I never got the song in my inbox... can you please try sending it again.
What is the state called when you can't relax but you can't work because you can't relax because you can't work?
Tell my muscles that. Wah wahhhhhhh.
are you graduating at 6?
I need a Lizzie sesh soon.I have lots on my mind,and you are the best to talk to.i can't wait for our next skype date.
i didnt see!!!
I stayed up until like 2 am ... Now, I feel like crap.
Honesty and Integrity in all our dealings our primary component for the success. Contact Us to have a full set of quotes emailed to you!!
bojidar666 when would I ever be away from my PC?
I've been lucky enough to see them in concert.
nice! that should be a fun day! I'm ready for my first tri after the Indy mini marathon.
Good morning everyone, have a great Saturday
Nothing like quality control,
Old people in go karts, my life is made:D
A BIG Thanks to Young Life for sharing their Tuesday night with us...We had a BLAST! See ya soon!
As the sun travels through the zodiac, Capricorn will be the celestial focus of our galaxy from Dec. 22 through Jan. 20. ITS GOAT TIME!!!
hell yeah! rock it out! :)
Will you be attending the #DCIFF DC Independent Film Festival?
I still have high hopes for (the hopefully darker) Snow White and the Huntsman, though.
Heck yeah!!!
Im a lebron fan
The makers of Xanax can thank the last 3 conversations I've had for my voracious consumption of their product.
I'm just messin with ya. thanks for the article! we'll make sure it gets plenty of views!
..it's Friday.. Just got out, just got paid, my mans out of town.. What kind of trouble can I get into? Lmao! ;) 0:)
dont care for him really
I think Mke's leaders finally get it! But will they act? Support the vibrant youth.
roz you rock my well insolated socks off!! Keeping me motivated when it gets rough and boy does it ever! Be safe on your journey.
Patience! Is a tool we must use daily...
Im a bit bulgy in spots now, but it fits :-)
Girls distance medley set the school record again last night!
follow love
I have the COOLEST family ever!
Getting down to more design for Palomar's IMPACT magazine. This is going to be one good looking publication.
Happy 2012. Thanks for sharing the video! Do you have any clips of you singing showtunes?
Cmon Brew crew bring it hard this aft vs D-bags
thanks. It was awesome to see my name and story in print.
"Some battles we choose, others choose us."
it's a great little mantra for a stressful day. :-)
I have a headache :((
You've got to lose to know how to win.
It's official: has ended the TWC-MSG dispute.
Sunday Fun Day! That's right 1/2 priced bottles of wines including our Ed Hardy wines.
Eli Whitney: Honey, I just invented the cotton gin! Mrs Whitney: Big deal - who wants to drink a fluffy martini?
hey its mary w. please follow me back. =)
hey buddy! Could I use your awesome acoustic guitar for an hour or so this week? I'll be so very sweet to it ;)
:)RT My son's hearing impaired and autistic-We were told 2x he could be held back a grade...s at the top of his 1st gr class...
Is hot af!
I love you asshole
Acting is way of making yourself exist
Hey Harry!! :) How are you?
I'm a Redskins, Nationals, and Capitals fan RT :
True very true. Only have 62 contacts on my phone. I only text 1.... haha fail
Love my FAM!!!!
I'd be Roy's best friend
15% Off all clothing, shoes and accessories during "The Boulevard Holiday Weekend" March 17-19th. Does not include furniture or jewelry.
im excited to see u!
love it and us mahomies know that your not copying JB. We love you<3 haters gonna mahomies gonna love <3
How could you not tell me about it!
gshit cuh got some pink red and black snoop socks on
thanks! Prayers that you do awesome on ur finals!
I say bullshit!
#ThatsTheTruth - #ContentIsKing - Create something that will serve people and the money will follow.
The chrysler brand integration on TNT lakers-nuggets game had Marv Albert introducing the car on the streets of LA. Hmm..
Just got to #FranzJosef and doing a glacier hike in the morning. For now, I go to the bar and drink with my friends!
Headed back to the city...great long weekend, but somehow it still felt too short...
Love is about equality
giant eagle?
Quote of the day: "You can't let the situation control your emotions. You're better then that."
It's your birthday?! Happy birthday!
I'll be at on Monday May 21st...double bill with Adam Larson's group! So we'll only be doing one set at 8pm!
Me: I fux with ...OtherNiggaz: Why?..Me: Because nigga, I do! Plus she keep that 45 on her leg for safe keeping.
Post one observation about today's primaries.
First, round Saltines. Now, Fig Newtons will just be called "Newtons." What's next? Triangle Cheez-It's called "It"?
hm:P
Every news anchor I've seen on tv in puerto Rico looks like a huge alcoholic
It was delicious!
really disappointed you've decided to leave HW5.0. Best of luck with Chicago Fire, but hope we'll be seeing you back on HW5.0!
Booking tix for a return to the Bay Area with #redefinepower! (May 12th) and (May 10th) here we come!
By interactive, do you mean Web design, or something more general? (I know zilch about design; I'm studying HTML/CSS/JS.)
Is outsourcing online work to Pakistan going to create problems for me later on? "Why are you sending money to Pakistan through PayPal?"
I am on a comedically large amount of allergy medicines right now.
Kevin is coming back and a new CD should be out in July!!!! EEEKKKKK ( been a fan of BSB since 1997 )
Nevermind, just finished.
I'm glad they're doing that study. They need it
as soon as I get it from the artist ill post
So true. The challenge totally crept up on me. I'm totally not awake at 5am because I can't clear the damn ice on Hard. Nope.
#Britney...and he does it great, baby!
Really? Do tell...
Today I remember my father’s stern but gentle reminder to young me that partying is not, in fact, a right. Still makes me smile.
Love it great job
you're keeping it stylish as usual. How old is that thing in dog years now?
That movie is AWESOME.
I'm a weirdo and I know it
Unbelievable: RT Irony: If GOP caves on offsets, right wing will have enabled Ds to spend more $$$
about to head to Stella's to meet with fun friends :)
I really want my left arm sleeved <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
thank you lots!!<3
I'm good. Missing DR! How have you been?
Shes a shady lady
New ads go live today. I'm free every night, when can we get together?
MY pursuits are for me - my life's plan! don't be so weak about er'thing!
you are so beautiful to me. I love you like a sister because I feel like we have the same blood. #I'mjustlikeyou
Not shit to do
Thanks for following from & from
yes we do!! you let me know when !!
congrats on the New Behance!
Good Morning my Family and Friends. All Positive.. Jesus I Love You
The perks of being a member of AAM are many. Thanks, , for rocking so hard.
I'm working 10am - 5pm tomorrow at Stop by and add some more vinyl to your collection!
500 Days of Summer, The Hangover, or Moon tonight?
Fin du monde, Unibreou is tops right now.
yes! Convert before they disintegrate!
RT : "I wonder how the country smells to a person with synesthesia when the Homeland Security threat level is Red."
<U+266C> July 2nd 1960 Johnny Kidd & the Pirates had their only No.1 hit in U.K. with "Shakin' All Over". Johnny Kidd died in a car crash in 1966 <U+266C>
Knowing what to say is not always necessary; just the presence of a caring friend can make a world of difference ~ Sheri Curry
can't wait to see you pool side with at the Cabana Lounge!
When is your birthday????
It's time to make the bacon!
RT : Social media is a great way to reconnect with people you've been studiously avoiding for years.
Just wasn't right without her
RT : Year of the Hail Mary in Wisconsin.
Inmate while IN PRISON Steals $254K, in Identity Theft
nice game bro, showin some vision and athleticism
#YouGettinPunchedIf you take my food
DEF!! I heard they're making a part 3
It's only March and I am already watching "Field of Dreams."
He's co-authoring a paper with an Arabic scholar outside the US and is working from digital manuscripts
: follow back please :D
OMG 220 followers !
hahaa i honestly don't remember! xD
CHRIS BROWN ON 106PARK
u never miss what u got until its gone...
BALL OR GET BALLED ON
depends on where they are signing. Eww!
PS: Caught myself singing Marius the other day...When you call my name, I'll take the very next train to get to you...
already here and getting down! This is gonna be another rager. Plummer was goin to make it but no go :/
CALL CALL CALL CALL CALL CALL CALL CALL CALL CALL CALL CALL CALL CALL CALL CALL CALL CALL CALL CALL CALL CALL CALL CALL CALL!!
Hey Brian, if u r in Madison tonight, I have 2 tix 4 u to see Last Day at Lambeau @ WI Film Fest. Monona Terrace @ 7:00 PM.
LOL Have I seen those movies? Maybe #netflix could lookout!!! lol
RT : high school crush wants to be friends on Facebook. This is how it starts, doesn't it? Should I just sell the screen rights now?
Doesn't matter if it's an outline, scene breakdown, synopsis, whatever--just write it down--that's step 1.
MT : why should social sector care about games? It's $60bn industry, 100M players, more women than teenage boys
Swimming in gym.. I just love smelling like chlorine
This chick taking close up shots, with her ugly azz gums & teeth!
's house. :D Oh how i love this girl <3
You're like my sister ...
just finished up writing this week's socialbrief. our take on 2011 predictions... what are yours?
you're not even good you little twat
looks like a lot of special celeb guests will be at the AC - May 9th!
thx. its 42 degrees i'm a baby when it comes to cold. last yr when i was on set, i stayed in tyler's trailer the entire time!
Why wouldnt you miss the second free throw?
R U gonna be in town?! “: so fab boys!!! Hope the event is fabulous!!! ;) love and miss you both! MUAH! ;)”
"Elvis" will be in the building Thurs Feb 11. Scotty Zion as Elvis! Doors open at 5:30 pm. Tickets $10 available at the box office.
Congrats on another Pilot read!~
I gotta go pee -.-
Were the football camp (www.footballcamps.com) Mark Clayton will be coaching this year!
If my Snapback when I get home I'm gonna hang myself with dental floss.
Lots of friendly people? xD
RT : "The worst days of those who enjoy what they do, are better than the best days of those who don't." ~ E. James Rohn
damn whats wrong with u
all states are beautiful in their own way! When you start comparing, that's how war begins! Only <U+270C>
I thought I heard a plane crashing, but now I think it was your passion snapping.
I'm done with you sis. Like a burnt steak, #ImDone lol *logs off*
follow before she commits!29
Why are we watching the last 45 minutes of Fargo right now?
Good Morning Peoples!!!
Yes and the crowds are crazy. I got punched by some chick in the throat D:<
I'm one hungry hungry hippo!
oh we will
Bitch I'm ballin
I just got chills watching that!!!!!!
#ConfessionNight take me to the cinema and i will love you forever.
Closing at 10pm tonight, come and get your Puccias before it' too late!!
don't have sex in the missionary position, dont have sexy standing up. JUST DONT HAVE SEX. Okay?
It is better to be feared than loved, if you cannot be both. - Niccolo Machiavelli
What has Katie Price done to her hair?
getting austin's tweets sent to your phone so you can keep up with him at school.
I mean, Robert California: "There's something about an underdog that really inspires the unexceptional." :)
A new three-year French/German/American in the making. New European/American stories for a new century. Create History!
RT : 400 degrees is an american classic. <~~this is a true Southern person tweet. Loves It! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
I covet the ordering-trashy-romance job. That would be SO FUN! :)
CUBE says, "OH NO!!! So sorry. Give us a ring, we'll make it up to you. And your poor PA." We'll be back! :-)
I will.. Have you browsed LinkedIn's job mkt? It's really extensive. We're looking for a job for Holly to, so my eyes r open.
Fuck a bitch
I wouldn't put it past mike the arranger, he's a smart guy!
thanks for follow dr.
is singing on kareoke revelotion and shes beats at it
thanks! When I get home to a computer ill check you out as well. Looks like this is the last event here too.
If uTlkn ta ppl who dgaf about ur relationship, uBest b single.
yeah i just called kayla and shes switching with me, i work wednesday now and yay!
Excuse me #America, how to you "get tired" of democratic #protest and "grow weary" of free speech?
not sure! haha what's yours?
RT : Crothersville Community Schools receives over $300,000 in a Tech Innovation Grant from the Indiana DOE! Way to go!
"everything is going to be fine, follow me." is that the deceit of the grand propaganda machine? if so, I bought that shit up.
downtown at the office come down here
thank you my darling. I miss you. xo
wanted to send you some love!!! Looking forward to hearing all about the big day!!!!! Xo, your friends at Priscilla of Boston!
you are perfect.
If your house listing has expired, contact me for a FREE, NO OBLIGATION meeting on how I can market your house effectively. 585-455-2443
Finals are over, and Fringe awaits. Time to catch up on some much needed TV!
have a great move to Seattle! Welcome! You are going to love it! Excited to have people like you in our city!
: laughs at everything. Look, 'booger' : -giggle-
I'm so sad that Tim Gunn doesn't tweet.
RT : Q1 - Having time to turn work off and focus on the event. the technology is there its just the ability to focus #lrnchat <Yes
NOW you're thinking out of the box! :D
thanks! I appreciate hearing that!
Hahah too my last tweet. I don't understand . :P
New post by Hamilton over at the The Highlights! www.thehighlights.blogspot.com
RT Some of these Laker "fans" don't e know shit about basketball <U+E059>
What happens when you forget your brand while designing your #twitter #avatar?
I'm too new at this. I need a guide.
you all better be going to rascal this year!
and Socrates inveigled againr writing as a crutch that atrophied memory.
New York Baby ! I'm on my way
Starts with a K
Jeez, I don't even want to get out of bed tomorrow.
i think its an awesome point!
u n me both
defo! Also think we cud use facebook better as a means of revision and motivation, for english i wud be regulalry posting info
Last thing through a bug's mind before hitting windshield: I may not have the guts to do that again! Humor from
French class makes me happy
the last time this happened i was dropped like a burning match i dont want to make this about me. but im scared. Mostly worried about you.
We can barely see your pretty face:)
If I could turn back time, and undo what I did with you. I think I can save myself some heartache.
Adele knows what's up. That's raw talent right there.
aye, homie I just dropped the WAY 2 SERIOUS mixtape. Ima shoot you the zip when I get by a computer so you can check it out
"When they had come, and had gathered the church together, they rehearsed all that God had done with them."~Acts 14:27
Hell no to franchises but transparent promotion a relegation with teams, not riders, keeping points at end of season
cz we don't love them boys
it feels good.
this is fucking bullshit. Last thing I need right now.
Just saw jan svankmajer's "surviving life" . It reminded me how the true sexual act could not come about without a dream.
Thanks for the follow! I love what you guys do!
Saying the only reason you went to culinary school for is to "get the paper".
haha you said "who is that handsome over there" so huh? Hahaha
i told her! I need ur advice so call or txt me when u can
His Spartans finished runner-up at today's Spartan Invitational, losing 6-1 to Mequon Homestead in the title match.
ERPP provides each household a free visitor parking pass. This has been well received in Mt. Pleasant, Ward 4 and Ward 3 and Ward 6.
everytime someone posts a dubstep video on facebook i make sure and tell them it sucks. maybe they'll learn.
At noon tomorrow we are tapping a mystery Firkin from the wonderful Oskar Blues. Either way it will be awesome!
My so called boy bestiee fakee af , now he's a non factor in my book
Sic Em BEARS!! Proud 2 b an alumni!!! Go R G 3!
Thanks for the RT...You are awesome
if your gonna make a facebook status about me, tag me in it bitch .
Garlic is great for your immune system!
This is how music is born. It starts in the underground and YOU bring it to the world.
Is there anyone in Detroit that would like to join Feed The D in a documentary?
": I truly believe arrogance kills successful companies and careers more than strategic errors or competitors."
Nope. Happy 0401 :)
Thank You :)
Are there any tools that analyze search terms with too little data for Google to provide anything useful?
Thanks and following! #dogood Home of the #2DayLatteFast!
Hm. It's a questionable lean cuisine day.
I plan to volunteer next by helping out at STEP, our local food shelf.
oh it rightfully deserves to be.
and to whoever sent me the Invite to that #GEEK2Geek Dating site..Not funny..actually I am more nerdish than geekish
#LEO Geronimo... Is coming!
Welcome to UW ! Awesome!
#WeWontWorkOut if you suck at texting back, because I'm not gonna sit there and wait for you all night
see you all tomorrow!
How to change sales tax rates in QuickBooks? New blog later this week. blog.qbgal.com
Bout to bang this white castles
Pandemic Films. I own that!
who is Helsip going to guard on KY ? Even in a zone this is a major advantage for UK !
Short week in #charmcity...heading to #combine on Thurs
#FatherGod , use mme as YOU NEED, not as I WANT! in #Jesus name #NAME!
Not shocked it happened but it's horrifying when people freely admit prejudice without awareness that they should be ashamed.
Been Lazy Today
There are only a few more days to enter our contest. MetroTOTS is giving away one free StrollAway to a lucky fan and to Baby Buggy! Yay!!
Thank you for spreading the word about us!
I just posted the back of the jumpsuit. You're going to fall out...lol Too gorgeous!
Hot sauce can only go so far! Ha
On the list now!
O'Quinn: Rowlandson's Rural Sports rehearses Zoffany's Col Mordaunt's Cock Match.
I'll be there. Even guys like $3 pinkberry.
Thanks for the nice comment about #ActorsTalkPodcast episode 003 about #actor #scams and #frauds. Much appreciated!
Many professionals are finding that they need that additional edge, above and beyond the traditional resume presentation.
How come no one is bringing up or finding anyone that has said they've heard braun takes peds or has seen him do it?
RE nephew - will do.
We totally love candy, too! :)
ME TOO
Yes! Andy. Do not lose to Tipsy.
Im trippin out cause I don't have my earphones!!!
Darnit. :(. When are you gonna go see her again?
Broke my heart to move to my bench on my #fantasyfootball team. Thoughts and prayers are with you! Xoxo
ahh, yes...right...those almost thaw my disdain.
A skype call?
ME TOO I COULD'T GO TO SLEEP LAST NIGHT TILL LIKE MIDNIGHT
looking forward to didactics from on explaining donations/accessions/deaccessions in "First 50" exhibit
Reported shooting at #VirginiaTech prayers going out to those people, stay inside, keep you guys updated
Congrats! Baby is 6 mos. now- time for me to start going back:)
.: Jefferson's own graphical representations include detailed tables (farm book)
Another hideous day in paradise.
i want to RT this... just bc i think it is funny. But I don't want people to think I'm being mean. *you're awesome in my book*
Gotta get off this damn computer, i have to work in the a.m.
If in 2012, a high school kid chased a gay kid with scissors, forced him to the floor and chopped his hair, he'd be in jail.
oh my fish my schools tiny there's so much drama here too its annoying! And what grade are you?
Dang. I thought I was pretty fast! Oh well. Maybe next week. Sigh.
ha. exactly. And happy birthday.
Again... another example of how reckless people are on country roads.
A Super Moon soirée sounds much more chic than Cinco-de-Drinko bash, but yeah it's pretty much THE SAME THING. LOL
Happy Easter!
Some days are for learning the lessons, & some days are for counting the blessings. Be grateful for both.
Happy birthday sir! Live it up one time, you deserve it!
embarrasing, found our HS recording of
Thoughts? RT : I'm a freelance Photographer, Can I take pictures at iFest or do I need a pass ??
follow me bacc
Gotta get up early Tues so mom can take me to the airport. Got a 2 hour flight. Got a 30 min drive. Got a 5 min walk and I'll be on da beach
I leave in late July with just my camera gear and hiking pack :)
Lol. What's the problem?
Big new show coming this Wednesday! UPCOMING: Move The Floor Uproar May 28, The Black Dahlia Murder June 2, The Devil Wears Prada June 21
I just heard the cover of Somebody I Used to Know by & ...OMG.
Welcome to San Diego! Go
Donald Driver was underscored once again. What's up with Len anyway?!?!?
Choose a Gold Peak Iced Tea over Diet Coke and you’ll be getting a more natural drink with less sodium (zero mg to be exact).
To have another drink or to not have another drink...that is the question!
Light Skinned Niggas sit Indian Style on the Couch when they watching Movies!
I thought it was my knee at first... but that's not the core of the issue. How are you?!
Stevie better get loose with the jungle smack down freestyle.
then I'd say go for it! It's definitely worthwhile.
Well said. RT : What I do today is important because i am exchanging a day of my life for it.
Completed blog migration from Goggle FTP to custom domain using their migration tools, simple. New addr is pastoral.loudounlandscapes.com
OH MY GOD WHAT THAT FUCK
Not feeling so good, but I still want to finish one more piece tonight. Upcoming craft fairs & art sales are good motivation to create!
Also surprised the aren't playing in the season opener. Wasn't #packers #giants the obvious choice?
My dad told me to be careful in the sun today. Told him I wish but had classes all day. So he told me to have a skip day
Kudos to in Katy grubbing at Lo cals... My boy Ehsan has been talkin bout this place.
At 2010 #CIOSurvey learning about the IT needs of federal government executives.
Nemacolin Spa with the girls today!
A Reality TV show called "What Happens in Vegas..." a film crew picks up random folks @ McCarran to film their Vegas Vegas for national tv.
My company, TV Magic, provided free consulting to SDUSD which resulted in over $9 million in grant money for the district.
Forget about the shit that we've been through, I wanna stay here forever and always
There is nothing stronger than gentleness.
Doors are at 7PM tonight at Warner Theatre.
thanks love. about an hour to go & i'm being a total baby:) eek!
Stafford pulling a Grossman
I'm on twitter! Lets see...this morning I slept in till seven, had some coffee, did some laundry, made my lunch, and just got into work :)
20minutes left of #champagnethursday! Make the most of it darlings.
Sitting at the theatre waiting for The Hunger Games to come on!
Working on it!
“: Nothing says summer style quite like " Her bright colors and fun patterns scream summer to me.
Series finale of east bound and down
May the 4th be with you. Do or do not. There is no try.
i hear ya girl! But really, who needs a boyfriend when you have fontbonne?! lol jk you have one.. hahaha but you go girl ;-*
Getting the packaging together before we launch this amazing tool to keep your animals clean and smelling great!
WTF?????not saying names but disgusting performance. U shouldn't be given a platform to share that art!
Mother nature is not happy
Day 1 was great. More technical than marketing, lots of demo, hands on, looking at physical changes in the hardware, etc.
Yep! Happy Wednesday, Ron...
I'm completely happy with the way my life is going. Good times, good people, and a promising future :) I wouldn't wanna change anything...
Thanks for following me.
I am ridiculously excited to see CHERNOBYL DIARIES. I've been wanting a horror film about that place. Looks creepy.
Going all on out on these Grasshopper pies. White chocolate in the mint mousse! Brownie crumb crusts!
What is one to do when they're in bed, naked & alone? • tweet
A free show is about to start at in OKC. Hurry on over if you're down with this mother folker.
Thanks for the #FF love Maria!
How about Wade realizes that most Olympians are pulling wages at some very mediocre day jobs? Maybe he can pay for their time off
The worst is when you just finish eating and then someone calls right afterwards and asks if you want to go get food.
Year ago today we bagged Osama bin Laden.Still neck deep in war with no end in sight.We multiply enemies & spend trillions.Will it ever end?
I want to marry .. I mean hes only like 15 years older but who cares! breaking the lawww
Hey, Edgar Winter just won Best Cinematography!
We just admire determined entrepreneurship ;)
I just can't stop listening to Fearless: Karaoke by Taylor Swift!
But they are useless. They can only give you answers. ~Pablo Picasso, about computers
Congrats to Phillip Humber on pitching the second White Sox perfect game in four years yesterday.
Well they are letting ppl get there tickets now lets see what happens
I was so sorry to miss this! RT : A4: culinary school before Valentines day. Great biz promo
Our pleasure! We'll be in touch! RT : Thanks for all your support You guys were awesome!! FYI, I can provide...
"This soup will not taste good. It has no stories in it." Arnold Lobel, you are the best. - DvL
I really want to go on a run but the fact that someone got shot today on my street makes me weary..
Wo comes to the mall in pj pants bitch this int walmart
It is the today! GWU Marvin Center Room 309, networking at 2 films at 4!
Listening to SR-71. Don't hate.
Introductions... there are so many people!
no , we only care about our own!
that's Ferriero and you can follow him on Twitter, dferriero
LMAo Elvis googling the word and looking it up on every website. You're not going to find it dude.
I hate feeling so distant from everyone.
wow angle no life at all then huh
#10FavouriteChrisBrownSongs Sweet Love, Wet the Bed, All Back, Turn Up the Music, Crawl, Strip, I Love U, Say It With Me, Deuces, No BS <U+2764>
That sound is Skipper laughing all the way from Bristol. ESPN gets one match (vs. Fox's 9) turns out 2 be best of day, best finish of season
lots of people, many scorpion bowls.
i like your style. brownie points and promotion coming right up.
via - Man Who Plays Devil's Advocate Really Just Wants To Be A Jerk
Wondering if our twitter fam ever got together, we'd write shit down to each other on bar naps in <140 character blurbs.
Drink smart this St. Patty's Day Weekend! A pint of Guinness will set you back 210 cals and a shot of Jameson is around 140 cals.
RT: u put in work lil man...Keep it up!<--I thought #sproles was the lil man, lol...PT was in #beastmode though!
Er... Methinks it's not THAT good. But hint taken, I'll work on it. ;)
oh no, now you've given it the idea :/ watch - It will be trending any minute....
Hungry hungry hippo
I just honestly no longer have any fucks in my wallet to give. You're shit outta fucks, bro.
What a weekend. Did not sleep much at all but my heart is full. Dogs rule, they love and trust everyone even when people fail them.
on ellen. Yayyyyyy!
My parents are still together.
Something Worth My Time, Is Worth The Wait. Must Be Patient.
If you're interested in UT baseball, tweets are following the game w/A&M right now.
how bout you shut up, cuz he's gonna be with me tomorrow
Some girls should eat make up xb maybe that will make them pretty inside :) ha
Glass of Thera-flu or glass of Moscato? hmm...
Hey everyone! The facebook lookbook has been updated - the website will be soon, too!
"Dare to be different" is the phase of the day!!
Woohoo! RT : Today & Tomorrow and we're done seniors!! :D #classof2011 <3
I lost your number ! What is it ?
a 9 ft russian catfish
celebrating the end of #WineWeek with an ice cold beer w/
The shakes are the worst. Good health to you Ian...
I want to be catered to
Gotta get out of here!
I need to bring my math grade up, I'm going to cry if it doesn't go up.
i'm so bad bad but i'm so good good~.
CMS stopped processing payments for 18 days in June 2010. If Congress fails to get doc fix before 01/23, CMS might be able to hold out again
I just picked up a freakin turkey and carried it across my yard. Whatchu know bout dat?
#shmalentinesday is postponed due to the stomach flu. :(
RT : On avg, green schools save $100K per year on operating costs. Could = two new teachers.
LOL I was just talking about that song literally 10 minutes ago...hahaha
I'm not excited for anything and thats what snuggie's are for! That's what i'm styling atm!
I absolutely can relate! I even have an extra bookcase in my laundry room full of entire series I haven't yet cracked!
you might have just made my night- i forgot i had some mad men to watch!
#StayStrongAshley you'll be in my prayers
yea I'm wearing a Hebron soccer shirt now..
RT : time for the ! #edshow Live, from Madison Wisconsin! # wiunion
LOL He is getting murdered on Twitter now
either way, he didn't remember it.
new version soon. Big changes for the Android version; small updates for iOS. :-)
Requiescat in Pace, Whitney Houston. We will always... yeah. That.
Yo, Morse - having a drink w Elliott before our oft-postponed one?
You do realize he retired from football (as a Packer) last August, right? Wasn't that saying he gave his last "hoorah"?
BVEN Boutique is making Valentine Jewelry for your honey!~ Pick your piece(s), or select from our beads and we will custom make yours.
RT : We’re headed into the new year with a twitter name change. is now Thx for following!
Don't assume shit, when you can just ask.
It'll be like, "oh? You tryN to mug me?!" *SMACK, SMACK, SMACK, SMACK!*
possibly Warrior. too hard to tell though
I have Skype I just don't know my name tell me yours and I'll add you
possibly. What song?
Congrats to my boy on his ROY award, kid deserves it!!
Some1 needs to wake up ! Lol hint hint
And actually I think the Southern model of racially-based plantation slavery was fairly unique.
Is nicki minaj ol dirty bastard's little sister?
Coaching soccer today. It's just hoops on grass.
Love how we get no help from other cities that have already gotten signings..
Use your eyelid muscles and wink at one another more often.
Dam I remember me and Todd play on rivera b ball team and used to crack jokes on each other mom and play 2k4 and sht dam r.I.p my boy todd
Mud Runs
We are # 2 in the world under Facebook YEAH! and Trading sendittomeokay.com come see for yourself what the Buzz is all about!
alright ! Summer body here we come!!! When we come back to school, oh girl!
My Wreck This Journal is coming along wonderfully. (:
RT : It's a beautiful day to vote. Breathe in and smell the democracy!
I take nothing for granted. I now have only good days, or great days. -Lance Armstrong
Watching Saw the final chapter:) not scary... Just bloody and stupid...
Sugar for my coffee. Where are you? You are so boring plain.
The Finom Ft.Rich Legendz - Lap Dance (On the works).
RT : To be honest, you're the only one i've ever spent this much time and effort on. <U+2665>
Anothers says "we are sean bell."
we still buy presents....
Wake up bishes it's MARDI GRAS!! Some of my people been up 24hr + crazy ish! Lol. Wasted! My nights been ending at 9am then redo.
How do you "rough it", camping, RV-ing, a hotel with no concierge (gasp)?
Thanks! Gotta share.
Nice to hear - thanks :) Hoped to re-do analysis b4 #htcc but life intervened.
I don't smoke and i barely drink does that make me a good girl lol
My mama needs to pick out my weave
No prob, it's always interesting to hash this stuff out. It's why I do what I do!!
revisionist history =/
Someone give me insight...why is it when I end it w/ ex's they go str8 to dumbass, scum bag dudes who hit women, have no job, live w mom?
One-third of 2012, gone. GONE.
Wow, #chrisbrown bossed it on #SNL...seemed gracious. Maybe lesson learned.Hes young,we all eff up...moral:boys AND girls need good fathers
Less is more! #STC12 Lightning Talks
lmfao..i think someone is jealous coz i get more gum than they do lol
Going to happy hour at starbucks
I really, really don't feel like going to class tonight. I think my whole life has been a migraine and I just stopped noticing...
We are so happy you could be there! Did you see your pic in July's Issue of Tribeza from our opening party? Check it out!
oh most definitly they are going to do anything to make it hard to get high and enjoy it while public
Watch for covering of the flash mob at 6pm local time. Thank you for coming out to cover this amazing event!
wait.. I'm confused!
Four words, my friend. The George Foreman Grill.
Go get #aintnohalfstepn it's the truth
I think the world is overdue on a new art renaissance. Too many new styles, random things and clutter.
M BacoRT : Guess who now has BACON as a topping finally!!! Like this status if you love BACON!
You know it
": Most girls wouldn't put up with what I put up with in this relationship . I know it"
Why don't you go ahead and pay some of mine while you're at it. Be extra responsible.
A good idea has more risk than a bad idea. Be thorough and truthful. That will turn your good idea into a great one.
Only in Canada
You're welcome! I'd like to invite you to follow my page!
Yes! We have our #webstore up and running! Check out www.sperantsa.com and get a hat for hope! Help out Romanian families in need
Congratulations to the new EMS employee of the month.......*drum roll*.....ZACH!
Fast. As. Fuck
Time for cocktails! #wastedwednesday RT if anyone's on the same page :)
Productive night. Haha went to a Volkswagen car show YEE.
Clayton bigsby is a prime example of how black people should act
Best day all week! It's perfect out.
Creatives & Non-Creatives clash -Join Ad2 for "Coloring Outside the Lines: When Creatives & Non-Creatives Unite" on March 13th -Location TBA
It's been snowing HARD up on NW Skyline for the past 20 minutes. Most of the snow is melting once it hits the road.
Doing a #happydance! MT : Happy May Day everyone! ..we are to dance in order to awaken the sun for the coming of summer <U+266B> <U+266B>
Always gotta be drama to ruin a good time
well aren't you just so sweet...i was showing off my made for dress legs then lol #hawt!
8 cups of coffee deep today... But who's counting
you're sneaky :p
We are at Zupan's Belmont / come by find Kurt (the old guy) and get a t-shirt / on you bike get a BOGO coupon
New Deuce Deuce Merch... Coming soon! This stuff is going to make your summer wardrobe F-L-Y.
People hate on Khloe Kardashian for not being as pretty as Kim and Kourtney. At least she has an actual brain in her head.
cue the Elephant Song! Ep2: Why is it Always a Middle Eastern Girl at the Chanel Counter? C + C Investigate.
Who think that is Amazing and the most talented person in the world? answer:obiously EVERYBODY! :) love ya!
We recommend Hubbard Park Lodge, fresh doughnuts! Or Trocadero. Always good.
love the new track! Thanks for posting
thanks for the precise words and for rocking out to Yumbutter! well said and much appreciated!
If I was in the Hunger Games I would fight for it or hope it was in my bag.
When you finally get comfortable in bed. BUT THEN: Fml, gotta pee
try using our hashtag for session :-)
<3 so excited for your musical world domination =D
I think all parents and educators should read the book, "Montessori Madness."
M&A Tip of the Day-When valuing your business, ask yourself, how do I extract as much money for my business as possible?
Because they're playing at Cynthia Woods. It would be different if they were playing downtown I'd bet.
Guys, a hint: Keep your misogyny to yourself, especially around women.
maybe ur school has scholarships for conferences
JAWS is my favorite movie! Used to be able to do the USS Indianapolis monlogue by heart...LOL (no life)
Haha yeah saw a lot of those! but i wish there were more girlz instead!
I'm pretty sure the past hour of my guitar practice qualifies as pissing off at least one neighbor.
NY is looking a little eerie, may be my imagination. #readyforadventure you??
And maybe it's because I'm a sensative person, but that just broke my heart a little.
Love it!! do you have pictures?!?!
Why did I hussle to get to this meetup in SF? Oh, right! the snacks for presentation geeks
Nothing much, man! Comedy and work! What's new in your world?
Bhahaha email them to me
"thats like, instant sloppy seconds!" hahahaha
Smokey eye! Sweep liner along lash line from inner corner 2 outside edge & soften w/ an eye liner brush. Use more than 1 color for intensity
Am I wrong for blaming Bobby?
We're expecting an excellent turnout for tonight's Oktoberfest Beer dinner! Can't wait to see you all!
I know will take some great shots of the #spazmatics tonight at
Is gracious to try out Google Wave. Thanks ! Perhaps a way to communicate with patients! Visit www.3cpdx.com lately? New look! =)
I mean, i've been a fan from Bon Qui Qui to Nail Salon to Solo de chicas. You're hilarious. :)
yes, I can send you one in the morning if that works.
Point For Teachers: Erika Janik cites her teacher as inspiration for her curiosity saying, "They told me stories that weren't in textbooks."
I don't know if you're playing with me or not, but I'm not about to fall for your tricks...
actually i think you might have to compete with a few million others for that job hahahaha
Counting Ryan Gosling's abs instead of sheep.
Well that guy is 'big time'...his tshirts will be the best ever!
I could really use 5 pages, but then I'd probably get no work done around the house - still my fav app!
Zen says, "I don't think, therefore I am."
I have a somewhat job interview tomorrow. Good thing I'm super awkward & will probably, involunterally, make some sort of sexual reference.
everyone please follow my rockin' awesome buddy > she is very talented, sweet, cool, and fun to chat with
Thanks Melissa!
St. Michaels in MD. Beginning of may.
testing pH samples of campus tap water in lab this morning, wish these samples would stabilize easier for readings
We all make mistakes, you just happen to be one of them.
haha & I'm busy Monday, what about Wednesday or Thursday?
My son really needs a sibling or two. He babytalks our seedlings when he waters them and checks on them everyday.
Had a great month
haha all we are doing is driving up with doing the fight and then coming straight home
pretty good just at home relaxing :-)
The length of a film should be directly related to the endurance of the human bladder. Alfred Hitchcock
i'm glad that i'm starting to feel better. going to hit the road to LA at 4 am to beat the traffic and get to a early meeting!
Mommy and Pops thank you for your endless support for 23 years! I love you so much!I promise you a great game from your son this weekend!
i have a half hour to clean my room, pick out an outfit for tomorrow, take a shower & video chat with my boyfriend.
email me at
Congratulations to all the new DOs and MDs graduating today!
" Same Category…Different Species."………
if I delete twitter I promise I'll add you :)
I'm at some place in Indianapolis called Indys Incredible Pizza. From the looks of the pizza it doesn't look that incredible.
Keep up the good work!!..
I'm back
Loved the Ginger Chicken recipe - it was absolutely delicious!
nap time biatch!!
still don't understand why i should care about DRM in the context of papijump and maybe a twitter app
Environmental Writer Paul Greenberg Speaks at Knox
bored... gonna go make a music vid (:
estimates 300 marchers. says "couple thousand." one of these guesses is prob off
i hate doing press events so late in the day. all day i have to wonder if anyone will come!!
yeah mid march went to a Randy Rogers festival in Texas, got to see, RRB, Turnpike Troubadours(freakin awesome!),...
understanding calculus >
So true. Had a great burger when I went, though. The one with country ham on it. M.
If you want to be great, you have to be a sensitive person
Just finished driving my moms car waiting to go skate.
listen to this #no breaks
Action is eloquence. ~William Shakespeare
woo to the hoo!!:D vnh.
Are you gonna make a Music Video for 11:11?(:
you should come over eventually! We can watch movies maybe finally watch HSM baha
When Easter & Sports collide, the 'Easter Epic', '87 4OT playoff game b/t the #Islanders & #Capitals. Pat LaFontaine w/ the winner.
weird. No idea how it got mixed up on calendar. Oh well. Thanks.
I am starving! This pizza needs to be ready already. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
me: I should probably go study now, I have so much going on this week. twitter: LOL NO.
ha, just random. Watched it the other day and loved it!
"Louis Vuitton Condom" is this for real?!?! My god it better be worth its money lol
Another shooting -_____-
iTunes just shat all over Last.FM and AudioScrobbler.
how r u though
Long hair she don't care
It's been a lovely afternoon at 's new tap room - patio was the perfect place to spend this sunny afternoon with !
Certainly enjoyed your presentation at #UnitedwayAtl today. Very informative
why didn't I just txted you that ? LOL
is there anybody left in deforest?
Taking a short break from drawing. I'll take a walk, have a cig, find something to eat at wherever's open at this hour, & then back to work
You only need to know one word: hagafen
. on personal and home movies "we've been tickling the dragon's tail for 30 years and the dragon hasn't moved"
You know , that's cool too -__- I totally don't care .
Heading to the Natural Prod Conv here in Vegas to see my awesome partners Tate & Lyle Vitamin Angels and Trace Minerals
Thanks for the follow! We'll keep u posted!
What a day
I had the craziest dream about me last night.
Mad respect for Lamarcus Aldrige, carrying the Blazers this year while supporting his mom as she battles cancer. SI article...
I'm watching a live performance of R5 and said Trish is pretty cool!!!!!!!!!!!!! xD
Just back from my favorite pre-shoot warmup: a 90 min beach hike. Now if I could only find a way around the 90 min drive to set...
hi emo kid
Gah! Worth it
Congrats to Cameron Wake on getting a much deserved extension with the Dolphins
RT I'm guessing , , are the only twitter users with
First you might need a resume? For a FREE resume builder and job board follow me to minorityjobs.net Julie
I bought 3# bags of cranberries at on Jan2. Worth checking if you have one nearby! And crans freeze great.
#Atlanta #BEAUTIFUL #HappyMay #Hawks #Braves #Falcons #Follow4Follow #FOLLOW #followme #A #SuperDuperShoutOut to
How are things going?
reporting on the store clerk who opened up a can of Bear Spray on some teen robbers. Store clerk: 1, Teens: 0
Concert was sweet as fuck, I'm diggn on vanna and the chariot :)
Keep this lead!
RT The hallmark of great artist, coach, leader or businessman...out of extreme adversity comes great creativity!
30% Off Sale! Winter Clearance. Starts now
Thanks for participating in Healing Hands for Arthritis. $493,150 donated to the Arthritis Foundation on behalf of the Massage Envy network!
My brother: "for some reason I think ice in OJ is unprofessional..."
tryin to get this mixtape done
OH MY GOD, WHY DID NOBODY TELL ME BABIES GOT MORNING WOOD TOO?!
- Thanks for the welcomes :)
the little guy just high-jacked your show!!!!!!!
RT Before you head home from Fiesta, check out the 's Lighter Than Air Fair www.cabq.gov/balloon
thank you so much for both! You just made my day! :D
on my way over to save you from your stress! hang tight
Yeah I love when I'm happy then of course something happens that makes me completely angry.
win in OT!!! thanks to for posting updates. helpful when im on the road!
#IfIWasDatingHarryStyles oh the things I would do.
I did not send you a message? Thanks for letting me know! Enjoy a very Happy & Joy Filled Day:))
Discard any paths that lead nowhere.
TikiDolls! We've missed you all dearly! What have we missed in your fashionable lives?
Focused on having fun and getting goals done.
In all ranks of life the human heart yearns for the beautiful. ~ Harriet Beecher Stowe
I could see myself falling into this trap if it saved me a few hundred on maintenance.
Totally agree. And I know UW has the boosters to fund it. It's all Title IX.
"We have to be as authentic, engaging and truthful as we can" says. Love it! Cc:
Editing Barbara Fister () for this afternoon--always a pleasure, today also good on the funny bone.
Left cookies for the fat man.
What do you call a website for ghosts?
Ok ok I'm breaking up with you Suave, I need to get back with Dove... You have done nothing but make my hair stand up. The end
Bikini Hockey? Can we get that on NBCSN? I would watch it!
i forgot to watch pretty little liers crap
some rich fuck
I'll beat the pussy up up up up up up
Pres. Nixon died of a stroke on this day in 1994. He won a scholarship to Harvard but family had no money to send him.
its happening to everyone I think. Must be on a rotational basis
It's a new year and High Heat Catering is ready for some action. Stay tuned for up coming events. Farm tours pop-up brunch and more.
What I Really Do: The Best Examples of the Job-Themed Meme
“ HA HA i never saw this on twiter lmao <<<<CUZ BITCH I AM FROM MILWAUKEE LOL AH!”
Knowing when to stop pushing ends the wall...(Proverb from Sierra Leone)
never say never , i keep my head high you will DM FOLLOW &' OR RT me (: i belieb you will :)
Psalms 18:26 With the pure You will show Yourself pure, and with the perverse You will show Yourself contrary.
Online shoppers prefer to purchase in their home currency, so you’ll definitely want your shopping cart to make the conversions for them.
come on guys #HU4L hasn't had any tweets for like 10 minutes its not gunna trend at this rate!!
wow...he could have reached first if he just ran off the passed ball strike 3..wow
what? Really...? U going to LV?
Ps god I hate the mall. Especially on saturdays.
In our team meeting talking about the important stuff, like what our signature drink would be ... the UX'er, the Strategist ...?
This fool said, "I'm jealous of your ear rings, I wanna kiss yo feet girl." wrong lyric, lol.
Like you must be on some good shit to try & control him away from his daughters after 8 years of them being separated already
Friend, on chances of Lakers taking OKC if it goes 7: "Yeah, and if I can get Scarlett Johansson naked in my bed she might have sex with me"
this experience has changed my life forever. Keep watching my journey!
Thanks so much for the FF! :))
Jayda has a rash stay away from her xD go make fun of her ;)
Apparently I don't sleep anymore, thanks work.
Guilty as charged. But only because the song was stuck in my head. lol
- Like Status If You Are Wide Awake (:
Thanks for the safety goodies that arrived in the mail today!
": Should I smile because we are friends? Or cry because we'll never be anything more?"
Thanks for posting. Amazing times.
"TRiO's writing workshop was extremely helpful....I highly recommend this...resource." #IllinoisCollege #TRiOWorks ~Jasper Brown, IC Student
How many times today can I be wished a "Happy Mother's Day"?
In the pool, Nate is like some magical combination of Mark Spitz and Legolas
we're having the same problem here. Assumed it was just because we're all so good looking ;)
Spending my day off backing up my hard-drive. Just 6 more hours...
I'm not doing anything tomorrow
Me too. But it has to be done. Lol “: One week of WMC recovery. Back to crossfit today, tengo miedo.”
It seems we have different tastes in music my friend... I do like Ben Folds... Never heard of the rest - don't hate!
I may or may not have just bought another pair of Sperry Top Siders.
What's up?
lol. Your computer must have had too much to drink for NYs day.
congrats! We love to hear that!
Happy Thanksgiving from The Red, Black and Blonde!!!
Who's up for some big storms! We are!
Why is the lamestream media ignoring the fact that a '00 episode of The Simpsons placed them in Kentucky? Hate Real America much?
Have a happy 4th of July weekend!
Speaking of classic's, "To Kill a Mockingbird" is going to be performed at Milwaukee Repertory Theater; Jan.31, 7:30pm. Join us!
The next time i fall in love, I want to fall for someone who will make me feel taht loving him is the greatest decision i have ever made.
aggggggrogobig9, glgl today, u been crushing it, let's have ourselves some
Summatime in the City!
Blaring the Beastie Boys in remembrance durring this gallery install.
This weekend is the election in Prairietown. Will you kid be the next Prairietown Fence Viewer? Join us Saturday to find out!
Good, thanks. Just working on music as usual. How are things with you? Liked your showreel the other day, good stuff.
blah :p lol
man im to hungryy
Hail to the "nerds". The real experts!
Congrats to and evan hall on their big win over boone!
I don't even like eggs
“: #Gemini able to grasp the most complicated issues, then explain them to others in ways that are clear & concise <U+264A>
Dashboard Confessional at Glasshouse is like a concert in h.s. auditorium with ASB selling snacks.
I basically have a 14 hour day tomorrow getting to do what I love
no it's not, clearly you didn't see this baby. It looked like a Bee stung it's face repeatedly.
#Vols are getting spanked and the #RedSox game isn't being shown on Fox here in Atlanta. Guess I have to take my medicine & watch this loss.
#FreeD'Haiti <U+E010>
Mitt Romney won Florida by a few thousand votes, just like Al Gore.
100 years of Oreos! Looking forward to the next century of fine cookie fare, Mayan timeline permitting.
Bored of Republican primaries already
There were a couple, but they didn't really make sense. With so big an audience it was a big miss.
#AfricanArtsInThePark :Bridging African Rhythms & #Jazz. Aug 11&12, 2012. #Point State Park, #Pittsburgh. FREE. More info to come!
Being a girl is the best, we can wear guys clothes. If they wear ours, they get funny looks.
Tazzzzzzzer! Welcome back welcome back wellcommmme back :-)
Congratulations to our friends at the The Cat Network,Inc!!! Top 15 finalist in the Pepsi Refresh Challenge!!
I need rest!
I used to have a fleece onesie, but my stalker stole it :/
perfect, thank you!
Good news.
Continue to follow me
#3WordsForYou GOOD NIGHT EVERYONE! :3 [I still might be creepin' though.. So watch your back. Hah ] <3
mm to drink or not to drink, hahaha like that's even a question :P
Beware slouching. When the body is erect, the blood flows properly from heart to organ.
rayray is the answer
am now cleaning the blood off my knuckles from where they were scraping the ground as I hunted and gathered
Got My TURBO FIRE today! Will do the TURBO FIRE and ChaLean Extreme Hybrid schedule...by the time my B-day hits I will be FRESH!
Oh no! I'm in the wrong building! D;.
#same thing here just working on this music
See you when I see you- Jason Aldean
Oh. No. Facebook. :p
Need Alterations? Stop in anytime!
yes yes yes! I am seeing brad parsley at Wrigley Field. That should be cool.
ha ha ha! I will always be myself! The little dork I am! Ha ha ha
wen has to get off the phone to go study ):
#WaysToMakeAGirlSmile: Show her that you care.
April has been FULL of blessings and opportunities. My best so far this year. Thank you
Oh cool! Would you be up for sending a snapshot of your collection to ireport+?
you guys always have great surprises hiding in that basement.
Not Cecropia, but a Pandorus Sphinx. Found it on the playground.
Vision going blurry and thoughts racing around my head
Jus Had A 5 Piece Honey Gold
what you mean, tell me what you drink? im on that kissin pink.
When your friend complains about you tweeting about them, then goes tweets about you..
It's fairly easy with an Intel Mac, assuming your aren't having hard drive troubles. If so, those can be replaced cheaply.
launch minimum viable beer recipe sharing app
now my hair doesn't want to fucking curl
Thank you for the RT!
#Ifolloweveryone who follows me :)
Thinking of those fighting for justice in Egypt. Occupy Tahrir Square! It's horrible to see police shooting protesters.
I really really really can't wait for the to open.
Still I can't deny the fact that its true.
NEC auditions: great new crop! enjoyed some private meetings w/ some new applicants My NEC guarantee: a life transforming experience!
We had a storm from hell last night and never lost power. Today we get a slight wind and the power has been out for 45 minutes. WTF?
Happy 13th Birthday, Welcome to the years of pimples, awkwardness and rapid bodily changes.
Window cleaning is in full force and we are booking up fast! I am wicked excited warm weather is finally here. the wind is another story.
DONE! Tell yer friends! ;)
Somewhere With You And Tequila Coastal Live A Little Ain't Ever Going Back again
I'm still here(:
awesome!!! we are working to launch a food startup incubator with disabled veterans - my email:
im gonna come over:)
not so excited for Christmas this! no spirit:/ just cookies:) #blehh:/
thank you!
My drunk vocab is begging for a translator. "Party in my cleaning clothes!!" = "Do laundry"
YAY!!!! A.C.A.T. will be at the third annual Fetch-A-Palooza on May 21 & 22! Come to Journal Center and see us! (I'll create an event...
Close your eyes , shut you're mouth. Before my fist knocks you out. *Dream*Dream*Dream*DRREEAAAMMM
lol gotta play wit u. U kno me
Malaysian exhibitors keen on Malaysia organising international show similar to Hannover Industrial Fair
thank you for the RT :)
hey Alex you so sweet and your probably never ever gonna see this but if you do please follow me :)
Funny thing is i wentto voice lessons, ended up getting help with biology, and he did a better job at teaching it, yet he's a voice techer..
Why we dont care": beyonce wants u to see these vacation pics
so Facebook said to the stripper: "can we take this private?"
I love the fresh smell of #revolution in the morning.
yep. wht u think bout tht beer it lookd pretty real and all foamy. possibly could of bn non alcoholic beer?
Testosterone in males decreases 10% every 10 years
sign in
Loved watching one of my favorite Aussies make a hole in one at 16...
37 chosen as 1 of 2011 Editor's Picks & Top 5 Indie Albums! We give all glory and honor to Jesus for this incredible blessing!
i am a happy camper finally got my digital performer 5 to sync with my akai xr-20 drum machine
If i can read what is on your mind, i will know whether you think about me like i did. Hihihi
How can ppl idolize a celebrity, but ignore their Lord God.
hehe...I know right? They smell GREAT on Friday!
love that young lady and you know I always have to send those positive vibes to you super diva! ;-) xoxo
helicopters overhead
Glad you liked it, and I'm sorry I couldn't arrange my travel plans to allow me to hear the Sunday panels! Did your go well?
Thanks so much! RT Loved reading your story on , ! Good luck with your kickstart.
No time to do cardio- literally run your errands! I ve been running from store to store!
Downsizing closets is always a little stressful.
Bruno Mars has got it going on! Old school performance, great voice, tight routine and a showman to boot!
Happy Good Friday and Passover Cincinnati!
"The powerful god Thor is sent from Asgard to Earth by his father Odin to learn humility. Once there, he finds a friend..."
So glad to see you! You and Alex should come up to MKE anytime!
DVR lied it's an old episode :(
Ready for this work day to be over with, going to see the fam for thanksgiving
perhaps but I hate my shelving... Too tall I find kids cuddling in corners! Eww!
You still fanboying..?
good luck aha
FOX Special: What Romney needs to do to win! Useful info IF you are running for President. Everyone else turn to ESPN for College Softball!!
Just discovered was the best musical friend I never knew I had.
just watched your solo from Hollywood week. Dude you are amazing.
“: To the person who decided that the package containing scissors can only be opened with scissors: fuck you.”
Grace V takes stage to a sold out room at
last night's Mad Men gave a whole new meaning to high-brow.
Lauren Appelwick: eater of fancy yogurts
What about meh?? :(
What about a medicated vaporizer?
wassup man will be out there in LA next week
you are the best Blaise!!! I haven't forgot we need to plan an all ages show this summer x
Cuz I can't take it when I'm gone
People do this over human kids too. So sad. You can't get that $ and time back.
OH MY ITS YOU. AND SCRATCH AND SNIFF. *mind blown*
Repent!!! RT The #Alpocalypse is almost upon us - my new album drops at midnight!!
My pet tiger has human blood. you have some explaining to do
you guys gave out bebos number!
why am I up?
Yo Spree, I respect you for choking your coach but if me would of opened the toast...done it before
At Rustys old 50 for karaoke n shots!
I need to do more tests with conditional loading of JavaScrit and CSS based on device and content.
Loneliness is the most terrible poverty. ~ Mother Teresa ~ Support autism! www.nourishedfamilys.com
You have no idea how much I want to visit the iCarly set, can you please tell me how I can visit? I live in LA, & it's my dream.<U+E32C>
hahaha for reals their gonna be like you are not allowed anymore ah haha jk! & I THINK I don't work so yes I can go!!! <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Definitely a great experience working with one so ruthless, hahaha.
Rush Limbaugh is just desperate for your disgust and disdain. Help a brother out?
East Long St. I know Toni West is doing a back training seminar tomorrow at 6 there you should check it out!
you need to realize that WOMEN make the majority of purchasing choices in the family & by not #boycottrush we will boycott you!
I like my wallpaper
Thanks bro!! RT : Happy Birthday to one of my favorite bass players
good call. I'll confirm time with who is running the show as I'm not in NY right now.
Anticipating the swine containment results (tomorrow?) - things are feeling favorable in Oaxaca.
Brain is fried. Almost finished Civics sheet; will finish in the AM. Bedtime!
I just want to sit by a fire and read some comics.
Be unforgettable.
I know but I ALWAYS get shy in front of people i've never met.
For a minute there i lost myself. i lost myself.
#WaysYOUmakemehappy u protect me you care you try to say u dont like me but u cant help but smile when u say it
we needs to hangout soon <3
Feeling like I need to be back on twitter!
I hate argumentation so much.
happy birthday brother!
Look at the questions they're asking.
#Buying The #Joy #Luck Club & A.I this week, so #excited!
Robert Todd Lincoln
In a world of 140-character sound bites, TPS still focuses on quality, not quantity.
At #sdsocialpanel looking forward to learning from the panel
Typical Boston fans crushing Wes Welker.
Guess I don't get to watch any #Dodgers games now that someone is XBoxing like crazy. It's cool though...
Grateful for a bunch of extra boxes at work that help with moving.
Just got in my car and realized I haven't used it since well before the daylight time change. Nice!
So, like this: "His wife caught him slapping Damon Lindelof's Joffrey."
Blaahhh my arms hurt so bad
are you still in the bay area? Would love to connect!
hi how are you i like your tweet
I was right the first time, stop confusing me! Japan with the line out. Eventually a penalty on Japan. USA put into the scrum
Really enjoyed your book; just requested tickets to your Slate/Future Tense discussion on future of internet.
Watch it, buddy. I'm no processed meat product ;)
. so much for that compliment! Haha correction "nice Job with the new website for The Men's Club at Shear Ego!" :-)
Can only improve from 2011, right? RT : Mike saying: "We will be a better tackling team next year"
Is so awesome !
Mr Hebron was super live!! Congrats to the winner, Diego! He's got mad talent!! The judges got it right!
excellent! We'll sort out a place for you to crash if you're in need too.
Thanks...looking forward to your tweets.
"Very Masterpiece Theatre" --- a reader's comment on Katherine Ann Meyer's novel, Grosvenor Square.
My novel Beyond the Summit has a love story affair between a Sherpa and American. Set in the Everest region of Nepal.
Water always has trace amounts of urine it in. It's a good thing for you all that I piss excellence.
Dodgeball tournament tonight for charity in #ArlingtonHeights Go Team Hot Tub!
I follweed her!!
Damn! Things niggas would lie & say & ish!
Once more...Lightning Round Q: In honor of What To Expect, who are your favorite cinematic pregnant ladies?
Execs mention DJs such as as new types of artists they can cash on
no problem. I especially find the batman suit very sexy.
taking the midterm !!!
This is probably the dumbest lab we've ever had.... Such a waste of time
#MKEDAY t-shirts available tonight at Turner Hall, Cactus Club, Cans, Hotel Foster, Riverwest Public House, & Sky High.
-- He Nice Tho , You Don't Like Him ?
Last count had us within 100 or so from selling out. Big night for
Occasionally I am amazed at the salubrious effects of social networking software. It's an interesting nervous system extension for humanity!
I have to check. I forget! I think you have to email her
man u too much! I needed that hahah having a rough day!
you don't even know...actually you do.
I know exactly what you mean :)
Hey cupcake fans. We are planning our fall menu and are taking flavor suggestions. Also dont forget to vote for your favs @ abqthemag.com.
In a terrible mood today :(
you ready to guess star on Reno 911 now? Or is it just one of those pedo stache's? Hahaha ;P
no poker on Xmas or New Year -- only NBA prime TIME :)
#coyoteruns can I post some aqua jogging sessions up in this mofo? I mean just in case there are some injured runners needing cardio.
Blessed Love!
Ever wish you had a 2 hour delay so you could dump your entire show to this point? Def a dump your whole show kind of night.
Off this shit now Miami I'm no cruise person so glad I can finally fucking curse
Great job to everyone voting to support our Troops at www.refresheverything.com/operationsoundoff! Let's get to 100 by tomorrow!
thanks for the follow..like us at Facebook at seismic-sound. Been awhile since we've seen you guys. New material?
I don't read books I read minds.... I know what your thinking...
met some of my closest friends, and wrote, edited & directed two films. 2011 was pretty good to me.
RT : Of Broncos' 53-player roster plus 8-player practice squad (61 total), 31 are new this year.
i dont get it, KG should play some, and poor Bass needs rest, he will burn out...
Good wednesday friends ..
I get bored w/ people easy
Now you're all gone, got your makeup on and you're not coming back [CAN'T YOU COME BACK]
Club Premier Every sunday is Paid N Full Sundays/Hosted By Northside Lee Live In The Mix
that's not what Kendra told me -.-
God said "Let There Be" and there were...Think of all the possibilities that he has for you if you just submit to his will and not yours.
we are open till 4. Come get some food at half time or after the game....
good looking out bruh!!
Only guest opening left in May is 22nd Please contact direct & LinkedIn to confirm reservation today. Thanks/JDN
~praise the lord. or should I say.. ~praise the armpit
Need a new Twitter
fundraiser event this Sat!
If white wine goes with fish, do white grapes go with sushi?
Dangerous for people with 1b side seats RT : Trevor Plouffe making the start at 3B tonight. That's certainly new and interesting!
just too hot!
haha thanks. I just went to the ER. I broke my hand punchin him! Lol
lol..... But, now that I'm older I see why they did it and thankful they did. It does get better
hey long time no talk... how you been?
my dad once told me when I was 5 that I was a bad girl so they took my birthday off the calendar since I was born on leap year.
Dont You Get Tired Of Traveling?!?
Great practice tonight, looking for some gigs for beginning of april. Holla at your boys!
: email me privately about the fellows program, please and thanks
LISTEN LIVE! UPforEd Executive Director Shelli Kurth speaks live about SDUSD budget at 5:35 p.m. with 's LaDona Harvey.
I don't think your stupid<U+FFFD> but what's my opinion against thousands?
Uh oh. Can you try again? If it goes through twice I'll be sure to refund immediately.
nice, what's your email address?
Wrapping up in Athens. I think I could've used another day here (and possibly another week or so in the hotel), but a great stop.
I hate raisins.
Long weekend, in So Cal, looking for a new home? opening new phases at many communities; check out their touchscreens, too!
I hear the beat of my heart getting louder whenever i'm near you
Readers have sex. But do they have gender? So asks Kathleen Lubey.
I maybe would..
Idk how I feel about this -.-
U would probably go insane if u had 2 go threw half of the shit I've been threw
All very well, but there can only be one Sick Man of Eurasia. Time for a showdown!
Thank you so much! Baltimore thanks you! “: Just got my mother to vote for you! That is 3 out of 3 from my family!”
Where is the nastiest place you've ever gotten layed? I did it in a ditch on the side of the highway once.
Working on a new tune...#raycharles inspired.
what's ur definition of gross stuff
Gettin ready to head down to Starbar with my baby for Fortune's video gig!!
still somewhat shitty. Med express said it wasnt strep. Just viral. Ugh
thanks for the #FF!
Stupid airplane lady
guess what i will be gettin in the mail this weekend?..... DARK WORLD!!! will post pic as soon as i get it
really?? Lols I like playing with a guys feet, of they're cute and clean and stuff lols
Thanks Matt!
I love my doggy! Seriously when i wake hes their next to me licking my elbow lol :D
Saw the avengers last night. Fell asleep in the middle, woke up for the end. Lots of explosions and one liners.
welcome too Indiana pacers barbosa !!!! Excited too have you on our team :)
y'all are doin the bible lectures? Good shit lol. I wish I was back there.
Super-excited to hear talk about hip-hop and economic recovery tonight at Memorial Hall!
"Determine that the thing can and shall be done, and then we shall find the way." from Abraham Lincoln: Quotes, Quips and Speeches
Att school still
what changed your mind?
haha I agree!
Just submitted a CREATE! proposal for #cwcon on gaming pedagogy. Keeping fingers crossed.
thanks for the mention
Just brought dinner to friends with a newborn. Sometimes you forget how amazing little human beings can be.
I just won the FASHION GROUP INTERNATIONAL Rising Star Award for HOME! Proudly bring back a coveted design award back to Georgia!
Does that mean I could sell my Polaroid camera for big bucks?
Who made up the rules anyway?!?
love you too :)
His decision, not yours. Deal. RT : about what horseshit this is, and how lebron took the easy way out. I think.
You look amazing. I want to come see you.
Weekend please.
That just makes me go harder, taking it all in yes yes :)
My Baby Spent all day in the Kitchen cooking while i laid in bed watching TV, HOW SAD. FOOD LOOKS GREAT. GIVE THANKS
I don't understand #pinterest... Someone explain the appeal please?
umm I think someone by the name of Nick Breezy should go on and win American Idol ;) right?
Conrad Murray guilty of involuntary manslaughter
Thank you! :)
The opposite of love is not hate, it's indifference
KINDA CRAZY.
BOOSTER was somewhat gritty but above all it was relatable - something I miss from most crime dramas.
I'm gonna superstar !!! <U+2665>
get me. . . .something
So Todays My Moms Birthday,I Asked Her What She Wants She Said "I Want An Shirt&Tickets To His Concert In Houston!
Its like shes avoiding me....
whats the egg thing?
first meeting with the National Institute for Latino School Leaders @ #NCLRAdv12 to talk about charter schools w/ House committee staff
Thanks, Really Appreciate It
u be clubbing here huh?
you're so desperate...
Ha Ha You know it! Giants are elite
driving home..<U+263A>
RT FOX NEWS:GOP Congressman calls for Janet Incompetano to step down.
That awkward moment when you see two lesbians and wonder which one makes the sandwiches..
What was that stuff in #ABQ coming from the sky? Not familiar.
it has been forever! Welcome back!
good for him! & good for her! You, im not sure :-p
The puppy has the hiccups! What do we do?
Shoutout to the beautiful one and only :)
RT : It's funny how I'm good at giving advice to others, but when it comes to helping myself, I don't know what to do.
Bitches and hoes, bitches and hoes...
I've been working on lots of little projects from Indie films &short films to an Adidas print shoot I just did. Having lots of fun!
We Are The ICONic Boyz From Englishtown New Jersey (':
~+!!-| G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
had my guy phone yesterday. I don't care about a man phone. U find what u looking 4
We had to go visit #AmazingMilwaukeeRace stop Pabst Square before checking out the Cleopatra exhibit!
praying for you guys and the church plant in Columbus... blessings!
Just got an anonymous email, informing me I "used to be cool," and am now "preening" and "cantankerous." At least I identify myself, though.
Tony "Oh-No" Romo does it again!
Happy New Year from The Kisses!
Please consider a making a monetary donation to the 'West Pittston Library Recovery Fund' of the Luzerne Found. by calling 570-714-1570.
Trained hard this few weeks,It's great when my coach tell's me to rest for two day's and eat a lot.thank;s Coach Aaron.
Jason Ohlner asks teachers to make one change.
Try Jim Lahey's / Sullivan St. Bakery no knead bread (Google). I make it 2x a week.
thank you . Happy birthday to you too
Wasn't biotech making promises, but universities & econ developers who thought they had found (yet another) silver bullet
tired as all hell. Lmâø. You?
Today I woke up and wondered what brontosaurus would look like with a hangover.
#iwish he would just take the time to listen to me
tonight's not a good night for me either bud. Maybe next weekend?
Mumford & Sons >>>
Cotto tryna leave a nigga dead in these street.
Still in love with my sweatpants ;D
thankyou so much for following and sharing!
Enjoying surprise of a 85% average on archaeology class exam...though I'm only half way through the tests.
'Sugar Man' inspired local fighters, fans - Chicago Tribune
we're playing right now on JU 108! Come listen! radio.ju.edu!
found Cultural Hall in iTunes and went ahead and gave it a 5 star rating. I have 'faith' I won't regret it.
Maryland 9/11 Memorial designed by to be dedicated by Governor O'Malley today at 3pm at the World Trade Center in inner harbor.
I want a "coffee fuckin' drink some" poster for my living room. That way, I can pretend I live in QC land.
lol yea and I gotta put 40 hours in a week here at my job but I wish I could do the ymca again tho
#boulder #buffalo head mystery solved: Just some dude drying a souvenir buffalo head in the front yard. No biggie. Happens all the time.
Let's see if I can get to 700 followers by New Years Eve!!! RT!!! ;)
I'm about 2 take a muscle relaxer. In my universe, this is the equivalent of shooting up a sandwich-sized baggie of heroin. World, bewarezzz
so like what's your favorite activity u like to do alone @ home?
LOVE the animated GIFs -- hot body, love it, especially the pecs and the light coat of hair...
i freaking love you phae! I can't wait to see you this weekend! We can have a convo about my guy(; TEXT ME TOMORROW BABE!<3
happy hour on the sony lot
I GUESS HONESTY ISN'T A POLICY ANYMORE . O WELL NO HASH TAG NO SUB TWEETS. NOT LOOKIN FOR ANY EITHER. IMMA NOT GIVE A FUCK N KEEP IT.MOVING
the worst thing about it is they cut my GOT SIX sweatshirt & my POLAMALU 43 jersey off of me!!!!
I will be doing a live interview on th. 8:00 pm Tn. time with Mandy Mason on www.honkytonk101radio.com
I hate when your washing your face and you feel like someone's behind you. .___.
PLEASE FOLLOW AND LET HER KNOW THAT I SENT YU!! THANKS
She looked kinda pissed off, actually. But that might have been because she was almost hit by a car.
Good for Artists/ songwriters! Village People singer wins Legal Battle in fight to reclaim song rights.
nah brother. He almost over dove it.
Id really like for my parents to come back to this house so I can go to home and go to bed.
I go on your profile to make sure you are tweeting and here you are hollaring at How u say jendeh in Armenian?
i have an undercut again, i look cute and i don't care what you think.<3
Accepted into Marshall...officially a Trojan! Very Exciting...
but i work hard. Sometimes I do overtime hoe
Yeah bitch
Man Jeff Teague just had one of the best blocks I've seen this year
WHATS good homie!! i meet u @ SXSW. AFTER YALL FADERFORT show outside!! u told me u spent alot of time in AUSTIN..get @ me homie
Beautiful night at Bar Louie, luau party tomorrow!
we get an extra hour? I don't know what to do with the 24 I already have.
We can't wait to poop in your cereal in February! <3
Remote Conductor is currently featured in the "What's Hot" section of the US iTunes App Store for top overall apps!
I listened on to a few on his website. Also, grooveshark.com is decent for streaming music for free if you're in need of tunes
I got a build a bear at Navy Pier today....I named it Austin Carter Mahone<3 (;
She loses her 1st boyfriend to a lie. Then she met her 2nd boyfriend who now has a kid from another relationship. Will ignacio be her 3rd?
How do you ask a man to be the last man to die for a mistake?
cool. Have fun!
Favorite #superbowlcommercial so far?
No shopping for 40 days. Ready set go!
hoping when we go 1:1 next year, I will be using it much more often. I'm just trying to brainstorm the possibilities early.
Brett November 15th, 2007 9:51 am Hi Gang…Like JLA said, dairy products are not permitted
Interactive video can offer different paths to meet the viewer exactly where they are !
I wish I had been there too! Was it awesome?
fuck u dale
I don't understand love and it's entirety.
RT : So, how was dinner?
Love the funky invites on I'm thinking a classy V-day party for my Feb. bday
Watching #slaverybyanothername on #PBS. Nice to see my friends and colleagues sharing their knowledge!
no, thank you! I am just trying to help pass along positive, encouraging, helpful message to those who are open to changes. :)
Chicagoland apartment hunting today!
NICE! I heard about them through he tweeted a pic of their album when it came out. Glad I read it lol
scene from The Meaning of Life. The administrator is coming. Turn on the most expensive machine & the machine that goes bing!
pshh, fine then, i'd rather not get ignored anyway
Yeah, maybe it's better if I don't follow Arsenal v. Sunderland via twitter right now.
Or a smart mayor may want to eat a Minnesota burger
My parents says it's their house but when it's time to clean, it magically becomes mine too.
which one? Are you enjoying it?
I should go to school more often.
Heading in for photo call then tonight's performance! Come on out to to see BECKY'S NEW CAR! (573)474-3699
Thanks for the follow, Andy. I followed you back.
How will you be helping banish the Nain Rouge this year?
I like The Wallflowers version of "Heroes" better than the Bowie version.
chilling with and I'm dying at them!
RT if u think is hot AND a really good singer (:
RT : I've failed over and over and over again in my life and that is why I succeed. Michael Jordan
The one person I don't want telling me I can or cannot get married...
2012 finna b my year gonna b focused n on my grind. ATEAMEntxxx lol
and if he can't do it? He will lose even more. This Sooner fan wishes he went pro. Changing of the guard. Need more Bell.
Thanks for the RT!
2 BR house somewhere around Palo Alto. Can you ask around for me? Can't do roommates because I have a 2 year old child.
I'm really glad gladness that i'm taller than most people.
GO PACK GO!
FRIDAY BOOKINGS!!
announcement day is like Christmas morning.
cant see than is less consistent than even garcia..
Adoration Contrition Thanksgiving Supplication is the ACTS prayer model
Mary Kennedy was found dead. Another victim of the Kennedys, I'm sorry, they are notorious for killing women & getting away with it.
I'm more addicted to Mt. Dew then Cigarettes... <3
Yes, but more like short 'flail on the trail' type of running. Once I a build back up, I will join you folks on a long one!
Love me some #boomstick !
Loving the Flipboard for iPhone!
Oh your 20 years old, you must be so wise please tell me what life was like "Back in the day"
Bad things happen to them also, but the good things always out weigh the bad.
If your into sports, and want to know about every black athlete that ever played sports. Check out my boys site... www.arhenetwork.com
Happy St. Patrick's Day!
Something's wrong with this coverage. There aren't nearly enough close-ups!
Happy Birthday and !!!
hahahaha! I had the same reaction when I read that email
"A broken heart is a heart that has felt love."
Am I reading this right, that we'll only have 14 weeks + 2 days?
Cardio done... on to my chest workout...
Who's generous enough to follow me
I saw in Forever 21 at the mall yesterday!!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Time for a third tattoo and cutoff shirts.
“Your beliefs don’t make you a better person, your behavior does.” anonymous
Dear Michigan, you have a lot of dead deer on the side of the road. Ten and counting! What'd they ever do to you!?
why can't you drink ?:(
thanks ben <U+E404>
think I need a nap. luckily, I can take one!
(1 of 5) I am truly grateful to have spent the day with the other #igniteSmithsonian speakers: , ,
Finally! I can be on the internet during a thunderstorm without worrying if my DSL connection will fail!
haha you know me well
The liberation n acting is the choices too. ": The difficulty in #Acting is the choices."
Please Contact me about next weeks show on Wednesday. . Thanks!
Today at Rock the Ink we will be having a limited release signing of our 2011 calendar. come see us!
April bring Showers but not Snow Showers PLEASE!
Will do! Thanks
I work nights. What's your excuse.
JUST ANNOUNCED! 3 DOORS DOWN with special guests Theory of a Dead Man and Pop Evil is coming the Woods at Fontanel- October 02, 2011 we!!
College assignments are such a pain.
Loves listening to people's "fight stories" knowing that 99% of them are bullshit. Laughing at them with my boy
#Glee tonight :)
His words have meant nothing before, thus the problem. Gitmo, medical cannabis ... across the range he spoke well but no action.
Wow now i really want to rip some people's heads off!
Good night &
"our challenges are unprecedented" but our learning systems are not preparing us to cope with these challenges.
Lmfao!!!!! That sad face made it too funny.... RT no bread or ketchup bc carbs and sugar are the devil. :(
WE Got One Of The Best Studios In The 305 Area! Come Visit Us TOday!
dude you are so white!
This bitch has me on hold.
smartphones are reinventing the connection between companies and their customers -Rich Miner
We are READY for the weekend! Thanks for asking!
do u look at unknown actor's websites & is it better to have a photo gallery page or just diff. photos on each webpage?
Thank you for letting me know. Big hug, I am sure you are mightily relieved!
cool right! Pretty famous apparently and I didn't even know my friend runs it! So sweet!
Lots of activity around union square.
School tomorrow:/
your super hot, fire hot, something like the sun in the sky.<3
2010 Guenoc Petit Sirah $10, inky, peppery, nice finish, some black cherry, good sipping or with beef kabobs.
hey Andy/Chelle.How's the weather in Irvinecleveland? I'm actually heading out for a show
Splurging on 35 mm film while I'm at it. Only for summer.
aw thanks chantelle!!! :)
I just talked to a guy from Poland. I understood him
“: Considering deleting twitter off my phone to.” NO
's Rampage
Slow on my knob and bitch do ya job
i got a C too
Ankle swole just like my arms
Thanks for the RT, Aurelia. It got a little #hairy for the #RedSox last night in the 9th.
Business is personal. People commit themselves to other people, not to organizations. – Hatim Tyabji
hey what up bro. Getting u used to twitter early morning
Today has been a good day for the most part
Happy 90th Betty White!!!!
We can't wait! RT : So excited to make pasties with tomorrow. My boobies need some decoration!
watching burlesque. this movie reminds of my best fran !
Go forth and set the world on fire. ~St. Ignatius Loyola
Field is looking great! Can't wait to get this game underway Let's go BULLS!
Archer Season 2 on Netflix. Why yes, thank you…
Oh tinnitus. You bitch.
Tortas & our 05' Barbera D' Alba for lunch today! Yum! Thanks #BolilloTortasGrandOpening!!
we gotta link up bro I need a few exclusives.
No I didn't!! I am right next door! Doing hw in Abby's room! Ya'll ditch me and her at dinner! Smh
He Slightly Does! Who Is He?
I saw the high-five, and the subsequent grin on your face :) great show, eh??!!
#LifeWouldBeBetter if I could see Santana in concert tonight or tomorrow night. He's a genius.
Someone at a conference mentioned this site and I could not remember the name. Thank you!
that's the Bob Allen on Maple Ave, right?
No Matter how dirty you are or have been I've got the best tools for getting you extra squeeky clean Jess! Let's get started! :)
If you are at cooking with George tonight , you learned how to make these gnocchi !
SI-powered is awesome.
Thans for the FOLLOW :D xoxo
It's been hell not having you here.
Happy Easter!! :)
searching for a Comp Analyst in FREDERICKSBURG, VA. Must have HRIS exp and knowledge of FSLA. Send resume to
its going!! Lol just a truckin along
yeah I was sitting there ask why over and over lol
Nice moves on the lanes!
“It’s hard to wait around for something you know may never happen, but it’s harder when you know it’s everything you want
got music festival season coming around real quick getting prepared for the madness
What's good my nigga?? hit me up when u get the chance.
Hope he stays with it.
Okay be there :)
#NFLrookie advice: Its okay to be nervous about measuring up to peers & veteran teammates. Focus on performance to build your confidence.
Christopher Columbus was a vampire.
Guess what??? I'm in Austins suitcase (in the hotel) haha :P
Why is Team Obama in 'Panic Mode' as Hearing Nears on Failed Anti-Gun Trafficking Program?
Stole 5 bucks from my moms purse because I'm a bamf.
Cellar Door favorite Keith Vance and band will be at the on Tues. 08.23 @ 8pm with band and more. $5.
That's bc you are always ravishing!
you can't spell >.>
I love blue eyed boys but is my dream man :)
Time for some rubs! Yummy!
He who throws dirt is losing ground. - Play Alganon
#IfYouLetMe you won't regret me. Sh.t if you let me you won't forget me.
Seriously Boston...eff the wind
He fucks his hands everyday RT : I won't let Bomani wipe his ass. Hasn't done it in 25 years. Hands are too damn fragile.
I do agree with the statement, although I think the line you speak of is sometimes clear, and sometimes fuzzy.
I can be your hero baby
LOL no room left. OSI is carved in caramel goo, and wet dreams.
ha! Delayed response yes:)
Everyone has #thatex that you glad you're not the father of her now 6 kids.
Thanks for talking to #usf students. I should come up for an agency tour or...
Got a show the 25th at the UACA with and lions lions be there
My dad almost died yesterday #Diabetes&only 1person helpd him..I know my God is an #AWESOME God&I have not stop thanking Him for His mercy!
here's to the kalin and myles fans who have been here since the very first day. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
those are pretty great. Do they light up?
bad reception in lodi.
"The crowd pushes away from Perkins saying, 'He's killed him! Dead as hell! His own son!'"- THE PERSONAL EQUATION (1915)
Famed investor Buffett takes stake in Lee Enterprises
how is it lookin for Walker?
RT if u real
Call for Stories at Lamplighter Roasting Company, this Saturday from 4-6! See you then!
Kansas grain elevator cited for serious violations - Fox News
Missed ovids breakfast by 2 minutes
hey i just got u that 500th like on FB :) im getting friends in the states to check you guys out! #browniepointsanyone ?
i want ya 1000 tweet
i think so too… it was very touching
Hey! You should come down to NOLA for a nice change of pace, plus Louisiana is now #1 in film productions :) Happy Holidays!
so glad I could help! Let me know how it goes, and take pics of what you order! :)
Lollapalooza sounds reaaall sweaty to me.
I take it all back, Game Of Thrones. I will give my life in place of yours, be it necessary. Your ladies are kickass.
a women with chew in her lip. a first for me.
Me too. Maybe he needs some Lyle Lovett. Lol.
great pictures as always! :)
I proboly will be on tommoro, but if i'm not... MERRY CHRISTMAS EVERYONE![: I hope Santa brought every thing you ask for (; lol .<3.
Come in for your A service today and you will receive a #MercedesBenz key chain!
Pujols is getting walked
But I'm sure carrying less than 3 grams of pot will still get you sent to jail in Topeka.
i think its around 100 for best seats, and 60 for cheap. You check kiosk day of, if they don't have them, u can get @ mirage
Night night twitter
What does it say about our industry that the "I Can Has Cheezburger" guy is a keynote speaker at #ONA11?
TWITTER NAME IDEAS FOR ME GOO
This years Fall Guy Honoree will be Joe Comfort "The King". Charity Roast Dinner set for October 18th at the Riverside Convention Center
Warren Buffett – no signs of economic recovery - I think he is wrong. House prices are stablizing and the Stock market is on the rise.
So fucking livid
That Life Alert! commercial is hilarious..."hhelp, help, i've fallen n i cant get up". I need the life alert. Lmfao.
: you are hilarious!!!
It's quite satisfying doing a Civ tech rush and annihilating a map of stone age players using stealth bombers.
Law and order svu is all that's on tv fml
these cigarette commercials gettin serious........
ate mini wheats
A weird Feeling##
Yes there was an earthquake. No, there is no damage. Yes, people are freaked out. No, there is no good reason why.
RT : We all wanna secretly have sex with
"It's time for a new page, time to break stranglehold," Filner says.
S/o to them Dumb boys for TYRNNA fight them marines yall ion as soon as the poilice came yall woulda ran #thinkbeforeyouact!
#HillerHelps - In #CollaborativeLaw each spouse has equal bargaining power.
Bingo date was excellent despite us not winning anything. Now=fajitas and beer for din din.
Just followed u back. What's up stranger?
I always dig your finds. Thanks.
Hate jock itch
Some how everyday ppl always remind me of the old me..Makes me wanna snap n lose my mind..I NEED ANGER MANAGEMENT CLASSES ...
listening to the new Alejandro Escovedo. sounds great!
I passed my summer school class! I got the credit! Hah so as of right now....I am ahead of my credits! :D #beast!
“: Def meant to send that as a DM. but YOU ARE A PUNK.... doesnt change my opinion. lmao!” lmao you def the punk
Lets se how many people text me
I've been on a big kick learning about# #megalithic sites.
tryig to get her to drive
I will be your hero if youll be my
Did they seriously censor "Smoking grade A" in Young & Wild & Free?
Come visit the newest social media outlet at www.lifetrophys.com. Give us you're feedback and let us know how to improve our site for you.
Got an idea? Need help makin' it happen? Sign up for the free Google+ Hangout Session on StartingUp on Feb 28 at 7:00pm CST....
Love, lust, or lies? From which do you base your relationships ? 3 four letter words that mean the same thing
Check out , a 5-part special series highlighting the special burden war places on women. Tuesday nights 10PM on PBS
"Even if you start a business with the wrong idea or too many competitors, you can out-execute"
Happy #piday, everyone. Pictures of celebratory piecaken are forthcoming.
Focus, focus, focus. That's how it's done.
ima enjoy ma piece if cake too doe watch...
Vibrator named Fabio gona be my valentine lol
Really? It's so sunny but it's like 10 degrees out.
sorry, , but would destroy you in Street Fighter II Turbo Edition.
When people actually take my tweets seriously *facepalms*
lmfao just died clearly you chose this one for a reason bitch lmao
Eay generatn #GOP caused "BANKRUPTCIES' that destroy JOBS,LIVES,FUTURE of Working Amer Fams& #GOP expect GOVT Bail Outs=NO MORE #GOP n 2012!
word man. you got some pretty dope beats yo. keep it up.
ABSO GUTTED. WHY CANT AUSTIN COME TO THE UK :(:(:(:(:(:(:(:(:( oh well, happy for the NY Mahomies <3
The Sunday exacta: Bills won, got some sun, NYTimes crossword done.
Last Saturday off in the history of my job in San Francisco. Going to enjoy this beautiful day and get shiz done.
Three words about my day. Jackhammer. CD's. Kayak.
Getting close to 100 likes! Maybe we'll do something special for the Rabid Facebooker that becomes our
rainy day in Dallas. Writing while listening to the blues!!! Who's your fav blues artist?
Let us enjoy the gift of the present together...
then FB it!
Kids learning about manure, sheep shearing, and growin' crops at Mt. Vernon
thanks for taking the time to check it out! Tell to get us a show out there.
I think its hilar...especially since we aren't twitter friends,lol.
Looking For Luxury Homes? Call Me Now For A List Of The Best Las Vegas has to offer. 702-518-6567
War is ugly.
Taylor is a freaking beast!
.... Yeah, 2012 is LEAVING! You guys are #NOT important anymore. Ha.
vents out of code. When people cook or do laundry it comes into our apt. Horrible. He said there's no code and no case. Lies.
Is it really over? #3DF21 ps. big thank you to for keeping the models happy.
Hi there!
Thanks for the follow Grow yourself and your community by freeing the mind of a young person. Join
I know! I am so thankful they left the phone in the car. Careful when you go to the beach!
you are beautiful!!
I wonder if the #SpaceX #Falcon9 static hotfire will be visible from my office window...
Undergraduate Symposium Today - w/500+ at Union South showing off their best research, service learning and creative work!
There is nothing more important to me than the health and the welfare and the happiness, of the people of #NewYorkCity. [1943]
New eyeglasses x 2! Happy birthday to me :)
I'm like so addicted to writing again. This is OSM
Begin at the beginning, and go on till you come to the end, then stop
Try calling 9737334311 or That's the city's non-emerg help line. They should be able 2 refer u regarding jobs.
Tonight ought to shut a lot of Braun-haters up for a bit.
I hope you get whats coming to you
Bucky totally rocked it today.
Awesome! Jimmy Burnet the Pants Man is hosting a super bowl half time show on Spike TV!!!
lol! My son thinks we can rewind everything AND fast forward through all the commercials!
thx! Back at you!
I got a chandelier!!! To go in my room
I love stocking up on basic tees each season when Old Navy has sales. Sweet deal.
I'm in bed
Kicking some footballs!
Troubles never end. Get rid of one and you face it's friend. Move beyond troubles and seek the happiness with-in.
no problem! :)
I'M TIRED TODAY.
Good morning!
So I said muy rico instead of muy caro talking about price. I caught it. It's rude to judge me when I'm trying to help you.
you would tag me in that one haha what about the functional blackout
Up early waiting on USPS...
Right! But I'm finna take my ass to sleep ill text you when I get up.
uh oh
The more difficult the achievement, the more valuable it is.
Im hungry :(
no sorry I'm coaching tonight
That good
I just want her to get out of "character" to accept the award. It kind of cheapened the presentation to Brittany too IMO.
#Salud Amigo! RT : Happy Uno de Mayo! You don’t need to wait until Saturday to enjoy Espolón. ¡Vámonos Amigos!
it is! Haha
That's funny. I hope the Congressmen's wives use headaches as contraception...
If you are cold reading at a play audition & you need reading glasses, it might be helpful to remember the glasses.
My history teacher really likes to talk about One Direction. My history teacher is a boy.
Relaxing!! Shower & thinking about making a few returns (extra things I bought) - which will be more money towards my camera buying on 31st
Freshman year, the last person I said "see ya later" to was my best bro only fitting that happened again senior year.
Ah, Dark Horse, my home away from home. How I've missed you.
“: People who sleep more have a higher alcohol tolerance.”
Thanks for the RT ! Are you on #Pinterest too?
Good quality broadcast. Birds are chirping. Heard a cardinal. And a train go by.
That girl got a scrub to cover her pussy! LMAO . she's not cute
At NCLR ALMA awards, highlight hearing George Lopez say he was the "pinche gringo whisperer" #vivalaraza!
You win some you lose some... Today I did both.
It was like salsa dancing. She has the guts to do that in a full-packed auditorium though. Props to her!
oh ahah ok then, dude class is fun
I envy people who have the luxury of getting genuinely up in arms about unimportant things and then proceed to yell at me.
corporate tax deadline is March 15. Do you still need an CPA/accountant?
Thanks! I'm out now, but I'll look when I get home. :)
FML! im finally headed home cant wait to relax. done with allot of bs too! glad i got great friends though we could get allot out finally.
If yesterday's any indication of the year to come, this one should be my best yet. Thanks to my friends & family for making 30 feel awesome.
wish I could be in two places at once!
Ideas won't work unless you do.
It's not. My parents live in South Bend, and Bishop Roades is very serious about it.
We are not human beings having a spiritual experience. We are spiritual beings having a human experience.
Nope. Just wasn't sure what it meant.
Two weeks of school left...then done with first year of college...
Oh yeaah GO RANGERS !
We can't choose our fate, but we can choose others. Be careful in knowing that
Don't try to be deep and neglect storytelling. You'll put your audience to sleep--if you even get one in the first place.
haha - I havent been to bed that early since I was 7 years old. ha!
Happy to welcome to the board tonight! Great to have you onboard.
Getting gas for the first time in over a month.
Nice to Tweet you too! Looking forward to popping into this summer & meeting you! Thanks for the intro!
Merkel & Sarkozy sleeping at the same hotel tonight prior to the big Summit Sunday - could be they'll talk privately. Could prevent a war?
I already knew that! It's still nasty.
Occupy Wall Street might turn into occupy the globe soon!!!
negative ghost rider as I'm in the city of brotherly love...home team lost. Going home for popcorn and meursault!!!
Jorge was a more reliable winner for longer. Injuries suck, but when he pitched.. you knew what you were getting
Wow, so theres a new law that allows police officers to search through your phone?????
If they can move on...then so can you. Just keep your head up and keep smiling.
Enjoying the 70 degree sunny weather and listening to jazz.
I'm really hatin today. Tell the truth just once. Please.
You think Derek Fisher wants revenge?
Whim w/ tonight!
WOO HOO! Congrats, Jo!
How do you beat the #Texas Heat? Trees bring our property lots of shade and the cool breezes out here in the country are great relief!
Download your copy of A-Town Veteran by #ColeHart, and get into a #Streetlit #ebook the #write way.
Happy Summer! Today at 1316 it's officially Summer, & according to one weatherMAN a big "S" will zoom across the sky!
The truth hurts- but lies heal . Funny how that works
Happy birthday :)
excuse me but me and Harry are already dating soo..... (;
the conclusion of "A Good Man is Hard to Find" A great use of suspense by having the climax occur 'off screen'.
And it works no matter how you spell it: independence RT : Independents.
see you at #RECon12!
Today I just got my noticed that the car has officially been paid off. Life is good!
Man these hoes dont want it.!! They better stop playin with my sister before we get in they ass.!
Scientists confirm limited genetic diversity in the extinct Tasmanian tiger Scientists have confirmed the unique Tasmanian tiger or thyla
Does it worry anybody else that we've had two large earthquakes that have caused significant damage on the edge of the Pacific Plate?
they're have a 24 hour vote telethon today lol.... I'm worried too xD
I'm making friends with the ANT Farm Cast and Crew
wow. graduation in the a.m. it's surreal.
Turning c's to g's is important but I'm not
thanks for following, Are you excited about the wedding? It's all over our news.
miss you
For Hire [!] Anything will do. My husband's really high maintenance
I get to see my little cousin Cailtyn today! Hopefully she can play barbies with me.
Darnton: Knowledge as public good. DPLA force for good.
Ten minutes in and this #southpark episode is already amazing
we love them too
Hi Bas, Thank you for following! Have a wonderful Sunday!!
TONIGHT ITS ON AGAIN ON THE BEATS ON THE CAMERA & 50CENT DRINKS TILL 12AM LEEETTSSS GO!
Awe. Thanks!
listening tp Sweet Home Alabama on the radio. Heard this like 10 times in 24 hrs' AND saw movie of same name. What
My greatest lesson as a #autism parent is to accept & embrace my kids for exactly who they are!
Colin Firth coming right up. Worth waiting for.
it's damn sad
[×] [o] charmander: but when u gonna get a re-trial date with kaoras after u brought some white zinfandel to a study date
Good Morning MKE! This sunday is Mother's Day & we think a clean house would be the perfect gift. We can help with that!...
no but Bryce at is I did the wireframes and such
I know whore I called you to get white girl wasted but you were being effin lame
been handling biz watsup wit a photo/ video shoot
Booking controversial and interesting and celebrities for my radio show. Ideas welcome
oh how i love a cookout huge tea
www.wolfpackradio.org is the website for the station
I'm a Cub fan--'nuf said. 1984 was the first of many.. losing to the Padres in the NLCS. Leon Durham--right thru the wickets.
Hahaha! Now I'm just fascinated with everything Dutch!
yes ur are momma bear
They think WE are stupid enough to believe their lies but they'll be surprised on Election day!
From the Muslim world, coffee passed on to Italy, then to the rest of Europe and the Americas.
New Product Report: Prep Jerks spring/summer 2012 | LateBoots ...
How awesome is it that #ds106 got more than $12k in pledges through kickstarter?
Had a great bday but I wish my Jenk 2 girls were here!!
I'm just a girl, trying to keep the pollen out of my eyes.
#whatgetsmegoin people treating other human beings with no respect
Long day ahead of me #dangit <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2>
If I woulda gone home none of this woulda happened.
Good idea - will do!
Just met An old school journalist with a new school skill set. Find her at #ACHJ12, talk to her, you'll hear why.
“: Gold > silver. I love goooollllddd” reminds me of dr evil, haha "I love gold!"
yea it does lol
The first third of it easily reminded me of The Lottery by Shirley Jackson. So...1948?
Don't think so. They all tasted great to me! The guy who works at my store said he'd read something about bad batches though.
I'm really proud of my former home state right now. Way to go, Ohio!
did you install a fleshlight in your shitzu doll too? JK hahaha
Oof that's rough! Someday, I'll get a big, fancy one with a really GOOD warranty!
78 alley oops
woow damn that sucks did she blessed you to death lol
Why is the Ninja Turtle walking around with a Michael Jackson glove on today?!? o_0
he looks like ronald McDonald....?!!!
WHAT?! Seriously? There needs to be some sort of Tudor Panic Button that summons historians when inaccurate info is promulgated
i guess twitter is now the hunger games! because it picks random celebrites and killing them off!
Summer nights.
Dude, you just aint right!!! LOL
Will you be giving away tickets to next weeks friendly match #ElSalvador Vs. New Zealand?
"guys, it's her 6 months today. Yup, Alyxis is pregnant."
Family over aint nothin better than that! >>>>>
Today, we're crushing and pressing Chilean Malbec. And custom labeling a couple cases of #wedding #wine. Congrats Ken & Cindy!
COLD? Doesn't matter, Clevelanders still making reservations for a night out! Enjoy
"SPEAKING VOLUMES": (overheard on Broadway at Prince Street) #JAN2812: "sometimes I'm gay"
We're just about to get started, will try to tweet some treats, apparently there'll be discussions of custard!
Good afternoon, people! just got out of the shower. Feeling good and feeling fresh!!!!
throat hurts and i have a cough STILL. suxxx
Wow. Small world.
Your best bet is to post to the Strophe.js mailing list. I'll try to help if I can.
hey! I'm like sec away from seeing barry manilow
please follow me..if you do i will be your friend 4eva, not in a stalker way lol
Sebastian Le Toux to the EPL? .....nobody saw that one coming in USL days.
hahaha going for a hip hop video shoot. just got instructions from the label to get as tan as possible by tuesday. whaaa
What's on your menu for Sunday?
there is always room on this couch!
I saw you 4 time in a bit more then a week. saw u in nashville, atlanta, miami both nights not far from u at all of them
strategy fail
cant be mad at a person doing their own thing, if they not yours....nbs
Lots of folks are looking well past the Mets & Astros this week. That's a good way to be disappointed with a .500 road trip.
I'm glad you're getting the shoes mister customer
I was made to be a mogul
thank u ur right. Glad ur well. Miss chatting w u. Thx for the re add on fb :P
having your own app, on the other hand... “: Neither is Paying sales tax, Quickbooks, insurance, invoicing, etc.”
I almost quit twitter just now because it recommended that I follow both Ted Nugent and Benjamin Netanyahu.
Failure is an option. So, have good partners in crime. Growing in a new job comes down to relationships
I need me a OE Night
My wife treats me like a god;I get a burnt offering at every meal.
we like your tweets. LOL. Follow Back.
Hey fellow Chicago food bloggers, anybody going to the Street Food Festival and want to meet up with Bunny and Brandy?
Almost home.
it's what I do best
follow me back please?
Where Yo Side At
You are always welcome for dinner.
I know that you guys are goinbg to win b/c you deserve it the most!!! You guys were and still be amazing!! I love you guys <3
RACHEL WTF DONT EVEN THINK ABOUT THAT? ;O
now how does ffn translate into following? You're gonna have to explain that one to me tomorrow!
Special thank you to the San Diego Young Democrats for walking with me this Sunday in the rain!!!
No school Friday so after school tomorrow we gonna go to the mall
As a Rams fan I call it the best trade in the history of sports... ;>)
Fiesta is just around the corner and you and a friend can be fit for the party! Fit For Fiesta starts 3/19! Sign up at the Welcome Center.
u aren't gonna fly out for the event?
Where's my perfect job....?
Pounds + Ounces is in the old Viceroy space on 8th Ave scoops that it will be BLD & late night w outdoor seating
RT : Happy hour tonight is 3 pm to 5 pm....Adlers Fish Fry too!
I heard that it was patched, unfortunately
Swag sod
On to the Movie. Fridays are off day now. Surround Sound..Check! Peace Y'all. #WarmWishes. Mavs win in 6 ;-)
Sounds like it's going to be a marathon day...
hey - when going through O'Hare again - if between 4am & 3pm be sure to check with for a ride to or from!
Amazing. So want to steal that.
I #Want more #people to #Follow Me Plez haha
"People begin to become successful the minute they decide to be."
Neck is killing me
Each campaign will have a chance to review every single ballot. At any time, a given ballot can be challenged. Line up the lawyers.
Sweater VEST weather!
Sno Shirts available through www.SnoClothing.com.
I Hate Messing Up But Its Apart Of Life...
absolutely! We're so glad you're date went well!
That wasn't funny
The regenerative systems of your body operate during the exhale. Focus on a nice, slow, long exhale
such a meathead, every single thing you say has literally no value to me
Chuck never a dull moment! Love it! RT : Charles Barkley is the best. So good to the show.
its pathetic tht u get a note in ur bag saying a bunch of sh*t like omg kayla go back with chris ur a whore ... seriously grow up
thank you for following , stay tuned for super exciting design to come...
The #bloodhound is the only #animal whose evidence is admissible in a U.S. Court.
so true!
ELITE 17 fights are about to start...stay tuned for live updates from Salinas, CA!
It's about time this weekend was here.
IRS third-quarter estimated taxes are due Sept. 15th. Pay with a credit or debit card at www.payUSAtax.com.
I love you, two- grew up a Detroit fan. Old Tiger Stadium with my hard-working day who made time to go to park
Oh btw. Your money supply aka leader of Al Queda (BinLaden) is dead so give up. Go somewhere else
Every asian lady on this bus has a toddler on their lap and is taking up two seats but not actually using one of them.
Happy World Theatre Day! The universal language. May Theatre continue to bridge gaps between nations and cultures & ultimately bring peace
If you expect nothing....you won't get disappointed...lol
I sit and ponder how anyone can be a republican today, Boehner, Cantor, Walker, Rove, Bachman, MITT!? all liars, all idiots
Yes! If pubs gave up DRM, Kindle wouldn't = a closed system. Right now, the user is bound more tightly to AMZN w/ ea Kindle buy.
Morning Hongaloids!...big weekend..mainstage with NERD at Future Classic Festival ...MAYDAY AFOBETA LOCOS POR JUANA....what will I wear? ; )
this weekend has been pretty boring . . :/
gotta go -anna
No...thank you!
Omg I've never been more tired than today had to wake up at 7:00 drive all the way Northstar in morning traffic ugh stores almost done
better late than never hehe!!
Doing the Comedy Store main room show at 8:30. Come out & say hi!
Empowering kickoff #TEDMED speaker Bryan Stevenson speaking to social change: Love is the motivation. Justice is the instrument.
Just labeled dog stool samples for trip to vet.
We have the Signature Sympathy Flower Collection~ You won't find our arrangements through any other website or flower shop. Need help...
Good luck! RT : Volleyball Tourney in Richmond all weekend - ODR BID - Go Beach Elite!!
I'm Ron fucking Swanson
one author mentioned this, I didn't catch the name. associated with EAA?
I wish would notice me.....
ON MACK & BEWICK
thank you for your kind words! Do you have a favorite food or movie that comes from #Israel?
i think we need a field trip to good old texas! seems to be a fashionable state!
Brushing Your Pet's Teeth
so ready! Spring Formal 2012 get ready for us! ;)
Guess who will watch you run on Friday.
it is
look it was unusual for you to go ballistic when Kc 3-14. Gone 11-6 since. My point now same as then is its a long season but
Home for the weekend. Top Gear marathon on Netflix time!
Thank you, Meg! And Happy Mother's Day to you, too.
I don't think you've heard his new stuff & saw his new video yet. lol :) check him out. He's going to make it
No but you can give him MVP
We are still taking applications for the Fremont Festival of Lights! DM us for more information.
yaaaaaaaay!(: now, tell me how Niall might follow you!(:
And it's outta my room! The whole place just brightened up. =)
Today is the first day of the rest of your life. Take measures now to ensure your good health and future.
Hi Wes! Check out this article.
Thanks for the shout J!
Thank you! It was a great event and we had a lot of fun putting the punch together. See you soon!
Checking out Raphael saadiq at regency tonight. Who's going?
If I was to do that, you wouldn't even care
send me an e-mail
Ex-Sun leaders disagree about Google&#39;s use of Java
I sure did.
In your professional opinions, how would you do an ask for recent college grads?
yep, I watch it sometimes. But it somehow feels cheap, for lack of better words
“: Bro...my stomach is killin me. Ive been the bathroom for the past 30 minutes smh.” shitty booty ass lil boy
indeed. They also showed the accident at the beginning of the race too. Lots of wrecks that weekend.
on the coldest day of the year who would have thunk glad to hear
I know right!!..
Hairless is Best
#10FavouriteNickiMinajSongs: Turn Me On
If youre gonna be a bear, be a grizzly.
Me: "If you can dodge a wrench, you can dodge a ball". : "If you can dodge a wrench, you can CATCH a wrench". : "No.."
Had a fantastic time at the 2011 #NSCS Who's ready for Minneapolis, Minnesota next year?
#FF - doing early because afraid I will forget to tweet tomorrow :)
haha! too funny..no comment
RT Next week on #smallbizchat Eva Rosenberg shares How to get tax savvy in your small business
Thats great. havent talk to you in a minute
:-) sadly, it ended. Have u seen it yet?
Watching Iron Man feeling like a #Coolcat ... Yeahh <33
Big championchip hockey game thursday night and also last day at school pumped for this thursday!
if higher education is part of your research, check us out!
I need to hit the power ball or something so my lil girls dont need no one or nobodg
Any chance that they switched his and Yuni B's test results? I mean Yuni was definitely on something
I have a great answer to your haircut dilemma...come and see me at www.hairinthecity.me. I promise you won't be disappointed
Anyone else have #prom today?
Don't forget to take advantage of our special this week- buy 4 boxes of UV verified wristbands at get a #FREE blacklight!...
#itscrazyhow how i tried to do everything to see you smile but i got nothing
Tomorrow on #NashvilleNights: ! Don't miss it! 7pm on TV, 7pm Eastern online!
It's a Persichetti tuba solo. I mean, come on now.
Join us at CVS, 402 Gray Street (downtown location) FREE shredding, Customer Appreciation Day, Saturday, March 10 from 9-12 (4box max)
what?! Why would they ever do that. So stupid.
You'll have close to 80,000 thoughts going through your head TODAY & every day too much for just you ?
is it an app or setting?
you never know which will be the one :)
Hnnnnng. Those notes.
How do you like splashcube?
Never look back at your past :) ,
Got em! Coming over!
Theres always a little truth behind every 'just kidding' a little emotion behind every 'I dont care,' a little pain behind every 'Its okay
thanks Joe!!!
Thank you
I walked past the Sue Ellen Mischke of Milwaukee this afternoon on my way to the lakefront.
what kind of music do you do??
I thought the Minaj performance was the worse last night What was that?
when i knock on the door and my dad says "what do you need?" then "i'm just taking it easy." it makes me think he's watching porn. eew.
Please.... nothing but love for You know his music is my favorite.
Jeff: It's Rene from BFUU. Hope ur panel in Hayward on Sunday went well! Do happy to know you and your family, Jeff!
RT : Cookie Monster: Today me feeling blue. Oh, wait: me look in mirror. Me actually blue. Me know what can cure this: COOKIE.
Dreary weather exacerbating my crummy mood. Sleep deprivation, parenting challenges, and looming workload are weighing me down. Naptime?
Thank you! I was nervous if the yellow would work.
Can't believe what's happening
Creating a Corporate Social Media PR strategy - Many companies don't know how to response to negative comments in their Social Media posts
I tried the new LATimes app this morning (paper paper not delivered) and like it. Improvement over previous version.
... That's a long while from now.
Thanks for coming!
Merrily, merrily, merrily, merrily life is but a dream!
Never seen Love's shot this off. His back hurting him.
i'll be back for this weekend but most likely have to be back down here by monday. for real though come down on wednesday!
good luck!!!
He is risen
My mama just gets it.
Mobile law publishing made easy
Don't you hate it when you feel guilty about yourself because you weren't there for that special person and now there gone?
someone needs help with entertainment in Atl I referred you
ill catch a horse and buggy from cincinnati to watch the game wit you
-- neat, but again if I have ruled out say Scala on the server, I'll almost certainly rule out ML in browser.
omg! That does look good!
It is making the decision to CHOOSE your thoughts. This new thought will lead to productive action.
Just finished 1st Spiderman the movie with the kids & they wondered why there wasn't any singing in it like they saw on Broadway last week.
Think before you act and then act decisevely.Fortune favors the brave.
Ah, Louisiana Tech leaves the WAC, but New Mexico St. could join the Sun Belt to replace Denver. Gotta keep absurdly long commutes in place.
Glad you had a good time. Wish I could have been there.
Everybody is out... not me...
SUPREME BEATS!!!!!!!
I'm sorry... Do you wanna talk about it?
Just watching tv, you? :)
Happy Mother's Day to all the mom's out there, especially Gator moms!
Many thanks to you, really appreciate all of you coming.
Told u that u wouldn't die always positive big bear
: RT : .RT : Ray Allen said he's a go tonight
that's great and no problem(:
and with only weak beer to liven things up. :)
Oh man I can't believe im missing This Year!!! Its one of my favorite weeks in NYC!
what's ?
The Omega Drive arc was cool, but the whole "Maltese Falcon" plot was a transparent device to bring Spidey, DD and Frank together.
agree that was huge Dust!
Great meeting you and hanging out.See you guys this summer. Take care
so glad to hear directly that is A-OK in Tucson. So terribly sad.
haha dig that!
$1 Drafts at Ramada Tiki Bar all weekend long!
RT : Home builders and lenders gather to discuss when a recovery may materialize and the challenges that could bring:...
You wants us to pick a fav? Eastern States, The Stanley and the Myrtles.
Yes, but in the same way you clap for athletes who leave field on a stretcher.
WORLDS easier.
On at 6:30 talking Romney/Liberty U RT : Tonight on the show we welcome Clarence Page, and
Thank you Calvin Johnson, won't be drafting you in
At egyptian doing work. Stop by.
My ex wanna work it out, bitch, try yoga !
RT : RT : "Hard work is relative to what you are accustomed to."
Ran around TLT in Austin this morning...great way to start the weekend.
RT : anyone know how to set up a blackberry? ^NB I do. :) what part are you stuck on?
Is anyone going to play that audio file for The Dark Knight Rises backwards? Paul is dead? Whaaa?!
Interesting: Apple's iTunes U looks like it's taking on Blackboard of all things. Here, here.
starting to think my addiction to sushi at lunch is on the serious side.
you better hope it grows back fast by Feb. Hey I heard your doing the video Sunday. I'll prob pick u up Saturday 2 get ur tiara
We wanna use the Red camera! Any takers in the Austin area? We'll give you free pizza ;D
What are your memories from Groundhog Day 2011? I couldn't get out of my garage and had to walk a 1/2 mile in the snow to my ride to work.
fLako!! Do it up
Fuck the mile is today, fuck!!
In a data 2.0 world we can now leverage multiple data points in tandem to help inform decisions around content and advertising.
Lol! Those last four words instantly raise my blood pressure!... That I don't know, I'd love to see it too!
Also, I wonder if John Elway ever thought twice about refusing to play for the Colts--just like Eli with Chargers?
Two Peas in a Podcast.
no, that's Taylor. He's on the floor now.
she's a part time smil- HOW'D YOU KNOW. STALKER.
Holy shiiiiit a #Banksy2012 viral video would be amazing. Genius.
I ALWAYS seem to send people what i try to tweet ! lmao grr
Hello! I'm enjoying your tweets!
Found out yesterday we've had a Popeye's chicken in Sparks for over a month! How could no one have told me this?!
google me...
umm everyone look in my photos LMFAO AH IM CRAZY.
yes us too! Have to do it again soon...
Just read something about Tyler Perry flaming? Again... What's the story???
Tonight is the Assistant Director's retirement party. No one is attending in order to actually say goodbye, more like "good riddance".
It's already done. It's finished. I
RT : Moms: Take the time to renew your spirit and get inspired so that you can parent from your best.
Srsly, you're going to wanna stay up LATE tonight to get in on the fun.
Some people just fail at the game draw something...
just kidding only have been trying to get your attention for over a year BUT STILL i've failed
VERY awesome BMX session today- except that my knees are literally humming...dogs are barking at my knees...my knees hurt is the main point
jesus that was funny. Tomorrow should be very fun, I missed everybody
I'm super into product! Last time I had one it was fiery red and I used sparkle gel every day. I was in high school.
The habit of common and continuous speech is a symptom of mental deficiency.
Another packed day in the library - 3 classes ; TC full ; all the tables overflowing with kids - whoohooo!
my favorite would have to be woe
raising hell whoa fuck yeah lol :-)
Food portions get bigger n bigger n cheaper! Ppl cant jst have 1 slice of pizza,they gotta layer 3 on it! n stuff it with sumthin
Everything we do directly reflects 1 core belief: it's ALL about JESUS. He's our Champion/MVP, CEO & Leading Man! He's ENOUGH!
Eric! How's it going? Follow me and you might as well follow my band here :] Have a good week!
Pacers blow a beautiful opportunity to steal a game in Miami. Danny Granger should be a really fun interview. Heat take game 1 95-86.
perfect example! Thanks for the tip, will definitely feature this and add it to the station!
sounds like AWESOME British Library moment to me.
Jude the Obscurer
SAVE on select ARTOGRAPH products! Special Rebates Available UNTIL 12/20/2009 with Mail-In-Rebate - VISIT www.artograph.com/rebate TODAY!
(2 of 4) Does she come back smiling?
They always catch an attitude when I ask for no salt on my fries, bc they know they have to make fresh fries for me.
Too bad Auburn couldn't fit Russel Wilson under the salary cap, already another TD.
RT We can forgive a child whose afraid of the dark. The real tragedy of life is when ppl r afraid of the light. - Plato
Celebratory "welcome home meal" with and at the best noodle bar in NYC.
And yes I ment to spell <U+E05A>(SHAT)! <U+E405>
it's a safe bet that Obama's so called 'health care' plan is not in favor of the nation's health
Lol RT“: Rest is over dreams and destiny lay in front of us ninja focus is needed brennon voice step brothers. Lol let'sgetit
hey I need to ask you something can you dm me your email when you get a chance?
Limobuses.com has rental low prices To Ontario Speedway In our team PB Party Bus transportation. Call to Day 619.225.8466
its fine !
Just crashed my FATHER's car ... whoopies ...
feeling particularly bitchy this morning... maybe that's because i woke up thinking it was friday!
you never invite me to do anything! you're a mean ginger!
don't worry I won't wear them in public. I'm actually gonna try to care for the next 9 weeks.
RT : I'll be there. Team's ramping up for #SxSW and to come back to Seattle pulling triggers. Excited to network...
behind you all the way. You're my inspiration for success, CJ! ~Kristi “: Today is a new day. Take a step forward :D”
hey, I saw u went to the monsterball April 16th, I went that day too, did u fly down to Fl?
pay for my travel expenses!
Best run in NFL playoff history. Prove me wrong.
RT : In fairness you guys, Ted Nugent plans on using Obama for food, not just for sport. <= i shouldn't laugh but ..
Ok so everyone give me their favorite Dick Lit book.
I'm not giving up till I get piton the train
I wanna give a shout out to !!!!!!
Where did you hear that?
Dance > Everything <3
kk I hate them. Badly. Mostly 'cause I hate Aiji. Aiji's a fucking dick. A FUCKING ASSHOLE THAT CAN GO BURN IN FUCKING HELL.
Why were there a bunch of girls putting up the gang sign? I'm so confused but I love it!
You make a fine corpse
Ciao belli, we are open and inspired by our great sandwich.stop by and grab a Puccia grub!!!
Cool. I'll have to check it out.
My fav entrepreneurs
Great meeting you! #WINsconsin MT Great time organizing academy last wknd. Great meeting &
"All you broken hearts. All you dejected dreams, just let yourself be free, because even broken wings can fly away."
it seems to take a long time for we, as a nation, to be embarrassed. Some men still have cell phones clipped to their belt.
you should start singing with the KVU Brody!
Edgerank sucks. Just saying...
D Collins
Stake and shake is the greasiest shit ever!....but it was good <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
let me know what you think!
#NeverShouldYouEver walk out of the house with dirty shoes.
hit the lights
7am & my dad's already asking my brother if he wants pro help tweaking his curve ball & such. #baseballislife even for a grl
Awww...we're losing Astrobiology next year? But that was one of my favorite journal titles that I didn't even know we had!
Thanks for the #ff!
agree MT "New Black Panthers" aren't exactly making things better. A "bounty" on Zimmerman? Didn't this start with vigilantism?
check out the tweet that I just RT... he is hilarious
I'm doing amazing <3 thanks for asking (:
I think I half what ur looking for
RT : Because he's worth it.
You can get it at Cheer Up Charlies, East Side Showroom, Alamo Drafthouse, Haddington's, and more...
With all the buzz surrounding the #MegaMillions, have you ever won anything?
DON'T GO IN THE HOUSE (1980) -- So much sympathy for an evil psycho it hurts. The most depressing horror to feature a disco makeover scene.
It's gametime!! Let's make it a 10 game streak!!
I look like a bum
Why so early?
The hours that make us happy make us wise. -John Mansfield
No thank YOU! Congrats again! RT“: Thanks to all our Supporters and we couldn't have done it without New Orleans!”
Putting an all points bulletin out for Daniel Snyder's brain....dude has officially lost it.
#Houston students at Prairie View A&M can #text PVAMU to 90210 for #mobile alerts on events & #special offers from University Services
Psh, I'm learning ;) and James lets make babies. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+00BC>
IT IS FINISHED. Done with classes for my freshman year. #naptime hopefully to make me feel better <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7>
I'll keep checking your site for NY dates or of course if/ when I'm out in L.A. so feel free to harass me to buy tix :)
If you say you're cooler than me... Doesn't that make me hotter than you?
That wasn't very smart
I'd rather he did.
Nope. That's a DC flick. I like Watchmen though!
Happy Easter to you and your family!
RT Time to get this HW done... Grad school sucks//it'll pay off one day boo!!
RT - I'm just trying not to be so judgemental. I'm wearing a Miami Dolphins hat and listening to Dubstep. This feels lik...
Thank you to all who are new to following me and those who continue!
who the fuck is anyway?
It's "Inspire Your Heart with the Arts Day!" Stop by the library to grab a book, movie, or music and check out Barry Singer's artwork.
Just saw you on MLB Network with camera talking to Adams. Back of your head has gone national!
Well he sucks at The Free Throw Line lol. Both The Heat and Pacers missed so many FT shots
Alarm? What alarm?
my niece just listed me as her aunt on fb, and suddenly I'm feeling like I'm 20 y.o. older *koprol*.
TGIF and #FF to all these wonderful peeps:
Checking SC, Augusta, Tenn, Atlanta, Alabama.... We do Passion Parties for YOU too! Ask Me HOW!
Some people's kids....
Q to the twitterverse...is there a platform like Goodreads, but for movies instead of books?
Thank you for following Suburban Cowboys!
what time is it? time to get fucked up
Hm.... Mango martinis are tricky..... They get you at the end. Lol
Our ministry is blessed by wonderful donors. Today we received a widow's "mite". Imagine what God will do with her gift! Rejoicing!
That would explain the mysterious DM I got from you this morning.
no thank you
this is horrible can people treat others the way they would like to be treated
Jeannie Brooks is one of my musical heroines. Allentown Symphony Hall was an abso killer gig! Ppl were shouting during the tunes. Yea!
#Huguely in apology letter to Love found after her death.."Alcohol is ruining my life"
quit being a stereotypical UL fan. Anyone in their right mine, me included, would love to be on KSTV. Barkley wears sweats. Stop.
"shaking like a dog shitting razor blades" - Alkaline Trio
It's a deal. If I can get through that damn fence between Heinz and Gates, that is.
we love good day new York!! :) help support a new small business in nyc financial district
That's good!
Great Talk! MT : Great turnout for Copyright 201: Author’s Rights, Licensing, & Scholarly Communications talk by Madelyn Wessel.
new motto. one life is not enough to be scared to say or do something.
Welcome, lady!
I'm in LA, so I've been there once or twice. Seems very suburban. End of my knowledge on the subject. :)
merci! Wait I look like a French teacher??
Merry Christmas eve!
Line out the door luckily we scored seats!
You Do Like Tweet Why Not?
wondering how long you cried that night. Looks like you were holding back. Great show!
LMAO!!! Eateuk is the only Suju member no one else know about >:D
The weird part of your body that you wanna get pierced but don't even know what it's called.. lol smh
says that "we cannot deregulate at the expense of our most vulnerable.
Hope u didn't burn anything dancin round ur kitchen! ;) RT : Preparing dinner with the fam and listening to Robyn.
Baby everything tht i have is yours, you will never go cold or hungry, i'll b ther when your insecure, let you kno tht your always lovely<3
I love it when my booty clap ;)
Haha. Ask your followers to follow meh:)
My bed is so nice right now
Your best tweet ever.
I need a new photo shoot though
Just made my mom breakfast! Im such a good son haha. Happy Mothers Day mom. :)
Merry Christmas Pittsburgh!
Im super weird......
Any convenience store that requires the customer to wear pants isn't convenient at all.
your welcome.
What? A hungry girl has to eat. Don't judge me! Lol!
I'm in so much pain
MT Flanagan NAICU: We need 2 think long term; look at poverty rates, k-12 pipeline; & think about knowledge economy.
I just saw your tweet and kissed my phone.
That's Caron Butler's handle, such a class act. RT : Much respect to Memphis and there fans
I saw Elle at the Chateau Marmont in Hollywood in December. She's lovely!
finally finished this essay
Antiques and Art Appraisal Luncheon back in Medford - Medford Sun
Thanks to for having your office party at Scotland Yard Pub. Love hosting you and hope to see you soon. #M&Tbank
Dreamt that Barack Obama gave me his half-eaten lunch. An all I could think about was tweeting, "I ate the president's lunch - literally!"
RT : And wtf would we do in Texas that we can't do in DC?<< or Cali lol
It is too early.
Happy Thursday...aka Happy Beer Day (OK, that's just in Iceland & we're in the US, but the only US holiday today is National Pig Day)
striaght hip hop
it was like that for NYC yesterday
Looking forward to the new year and all the positive things to come!!
SO early to be at school!
#Heavenknows I just got a good laugh in from a text that someone just sent.
At Red Robin getting my free bday burger and the bonzai is pretty delish
HEY SHOULD ME AND MAKE A MUSIC VIDEO OR DANCE VIDEO TO #SaySomethin???(: RT for dance favorite for music(:
: Terrific performance! Enjoyed the play. (Except for crying baby 2 rows in front of me-Who takes a baby to theatre?)
RT : Each n everyday...productivity is a must!! I gotta make sum'n shake
looking for votes on direction of market monday???
You are really having a Tebow orgasm right now.
Stop in THE CUT and get a official hair cut.......taper,mohawk,design....well have you looking fly
I did last night :)
“There are two ways to live: you can live as if nothing is a miracle; you can live as if everything is a miracle.”
The new #Fridays #menu is almost here! Which #dessert will you order first, the #IceCream Strawberry Shortcake or the Salted #Caramel Cake?
Conflict in Park Plans Brooklyn Bridge Park, which opened its first phase in 2010, is scheduled to open a new pier and a footbridge betwe
I don't know why #Aladdin is trending, but it's one of my favorite Disney movies!
I don't think you realize what you mean to me, not the slightest clue.
Softball game at 8 at Penn Hills Park! Talk time with and ??
Failing at Mario Cart ethic daddy (:
Like an hour or do. Where do you live?
We're #soexcited too!! RT : they're building a naked pizza in Lincoln park in Chicago!!!!
how much is cody's ep?! i wanna buy it saturday so i can meet him..
There are few things I hate more than single girls with wedding boards on Pinterest.
#16-Charles Woodson-CB-Green Bay Packers
Is it over yet?
I would also settle for fries or possibly a baked potato.
Again, I model my life after the three C's: Canadian Club and Copenhagen.
HIS VOICE!!!
fuck it gonna get tatted up
Barriers to making stuff? "What do librarians do? What is our role in the community?" #libmade ENGAGE ENGAGE ENGAGE your staff/community!
Cute goodmorning texts >>>>
i dont like school
If WISCONSIN was like this every March then I wouldnt think about moving SOUTH!
Holy Shit Barbara Walters arms are long
haha how sweet
Shane Vereen is a great value pick in the middle of the first round of rookie drafts
What you call dog with no legs?
Good to see you all on #twitter!
Not ready to go back to school tmro
omg i would absolutely buy some. so delicious.
There goes that bottle of wine
Silveira pledges to continue strengthening our schools and support ALL students.
I CANT BUY MY TICKET? DID VIPNATION CRASH
Really miss my cat Simba. It breaks my heart everyday that I don't have him with me. :(
I need to think of some really clever tweets for
You do realize the mini giraffe was a hoax right?
why you say that?
Braves win.
accessibility to an education of reality to allow people to comprehend the truth and make decisions results in good for self and all
Scan days are stressful, always that big sigh when the doc calls with good news.
#improvaganza is amazing!!! Thanks for bringing your improv back to us!!
You should buy them in another color if you got a 2 syllable damn.
my last tweet before I go to sleep. follow me??
lots of us ladies are loving it :-)
oh wow!! What class? You can have your phone out? :P
The next big thing in fish farming? - The National
so how many will win by next week? I'm going with 3 to be on the conservative side.
Good weather always makes me want to shop.
I've heard they're good live. I don't listen to Muse or Bright Eyes. Hhah
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY AUSTIN!!!!<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A6>
We'll be rolling around too! RT : Meet us at cathedral square for #streetfoodfriday 11-2pm!
Getting Sleepy but I wanna stay up and have late night convo with #oomf ha
"We go for a walk in the park" -even though it's fucking freazing outside
for Founders event : Happy #PCBW everyone! With so many events to choose from, which are you starting with today
Was that Bone Crusher on my tv?
Oh and I've got a cover on my Facebook page! Zaona Lanaye Curenton is my FB name! If you add me tsll me if u a fan or not. - Zaona
Ahh, I'm just boring as f*ck!
Drank that wine you guys brought. Two glasses made me really tipsy. Good stuff!
I aint even sat down yet and he dunkin people smh..
Bummer day has turned into bummer night.
Boo. [hugs] Sometimes people just say things that hurt us. Just keep going and you will get there.
Arrived in Denver for #aejmc10 - presenting on Friday!
Darrel SAVE ENERGY. How would you like if somone turned you on and just left you there? TBailey
Sitting alone at lunch \m/
A2 I prefer to get my drank on at a solid local bar before hitting the clubs. Personal faves, or
If we were comparing roads to diseases, I95 south would be the bubonic plague right now.
Could be a big inning for the Giants. 3 straight hits and 2 runs. Giants now lead 3-1.
I'm glad I put a smile on my baby face tonight..told him let the bs go.Make ur money boo.=)
I love Muenster cheese so much. Oh, wait. That's .
I was beyond fucked up lol that was this weekend at the tellys
lol so what did you fo besides union today
Wanna know a secret!? Anyone!? If so.. then retweet me saying u want to know!
Thanks for following us. Please tell your friends about us. Mark
ATL has a lot of good music & people, it would be a pleasure to visit again! :) RT : Come back to ATL soon! I...
she's annoying lol
'Why no Wifi? I want to FaceTime in the woods.'
Honor, Respect and Dreams Today.
sorry used the wrong twitter hah
my favorite snack. Ever.
If you don't like shellfish you get no sympathy from me. I was allergic to it for most of my life till about a year ago.
RT : Anyone see the new UPS ad where a delivery guy backs over Secretariat and burns down Abraham Lincoln's lob cabin?
no its not. Countdown until I see ypu??
Momma & stepdad is leaving Friday Morning !!!!!
New FL panhandle shows announcing this week! Going to be a fun summer!
Ceiling Cat pwns all. He pwns teh ceiling and teh floor and walls too. Forevur and evuhr. Amen.
aww I do wish I was there!
Good Day, Tweeple!!!!!! How is everyone doing?
Putting you out of sight never meant I put you out of my mind
bitch I didn't even ask u 2 come 2 my house (looks at door)
and we bet you feel great! See u on the mat!
Working on a project w/ JM & Nick...missing the rest of the boys of AG crew
wat's better etc....all types of funny shit lol u'll see I'll start a funny argument 2morrow w/ my homie Los he luv 2 argue
double parked over two handycapped spots...at a church
I think Dylan is having that too! He was eating bacon in his blog! :)
:) your so right babe
wat it do my niggas ready to burn one wit the fam and my man
thats not racist at all.. but if a white person said all these black people started following me, it'd be racist right?
I agree.
Was in NYC last weekend and was very sad I missed this. I hope it's fun!
me to RT : I want whatever jobs the "Never Miss A Super Bowl Club" guys have.
You're far away & if you can't see my face. If the world is cold but the sun shines the same. Shut your eyes, there are bluer skies.
Outside x) its cold, I'm in sweat pants nd Brendon's sweater :D
aw that is soo cute:)
Why is it so easy to recognize your flaws but not those of others?
My first presidential library visit! in Little Rock.
your gorgeous and I get called ugly all the time I cried today for a long time because I am realy sensitive
RT : "museums show us that a better and more compassionate future is possible." at
lmao that's some funny shizz!
Tried the cream ale last night. It's already got some carb and it tastes awesome! Double pitch is where it's at!
Happy Pride Long Beach! EqualityTV will be filming today and we've got a special surprise planned. Want to share YOUR Pride experience? Jus…
Lol i'll probably be nearly 50 by the time it happens. But what an awesome thing to witness in our lifetime! :D
#tastemakersKS that is what #socialcommerce IS.. The value of your brand, and how you can use it to your advantage.
"candy man" mary jane girls
Are you Looking for a way to Manage your Social Media Presence? Call (267)-592-2972
There's a new Ace of Base single out. I'm hallucinating this right?!
RT : So Sean Payton suspended one year, effective April 1, and Tebow traded to Jets.
Just hung out with Batman!
Lose the egg, Shine cc
Had my head buried in work for 2 days & now I understand the guy at the end of "Owner Of A Lonely Heart"
hey sh*t head, shut your mouth and do something productive with your time. what you're doing right now is BS and you know it.
Chilling with shwaay
do it
If you ain't help me make it, then don't tell me how to spend it
I feel so close to you right now <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
I don't understand. Im sorry I just wassssnt paying anttentionssss.
words to live by
I have wished to know why the stars shine
it iz.... But we gotta instigate unity with our movement so we can reign n the Midwest n hold the game as long as the South
there in spirit!!!!
Hahaha. You and my name.
Call me whatcha want I don’t give a finger in the middle
- Lol. I told you the Express ones were boxer briefs.
We want to watch on a TV not a tablet or iPhone. Watching TV on the computer is not enjoyable. Why buy XBOX when have ROKU?
Thanks to all who came out to the opening! If you didn't make it, come out the after party at Cheer Up Charlies at 10pm!
And he's married to Maggie Gyllenhaal. So he has good taste.
would you be upset with me If I threw a potato at you that said " I love the Irish"? I hope not, cause I just might :) jk ily
lol now I probably have bird flu. Did you read those two chapters in English?
I believe in love at first sight because i've been loving my mom since i opened my eyes. <U+2665>
Drinkin Beer and Wastin Bullets is such a classic.
someone should text me :) ask fo the numbaa.
Spring where are you?
I know, bummer.
If you're going to send me a follower request, please for the love of cthulhu send me a message first
Zombie Land = Bad ass!!
Time to get my paint game right.
Suggest Three Septembers and January, the Emperor Norton story from Sandman
Hi! Looking forward to your posts! :)
yall really got the moat random dog lmao
Even though I don't know what she's saying, I'm just going to RT everything says
I feel better..... Tank god.
I feel the same way Lol
Q2 See, in the city, I don't want comfy furniture. I have to think, "Someone's gonna pee on that".
Off to the city :b
We have a winner! RT : it was commissioned to celebrate the centennial of the Statue of Liberty
Ray Allen was trending earlier. Now Jerry Stackhouse. When are Glenn Robinson and Sam Cassell gonna trend?
it is, I dare say for many of us, both
Hey all!
RT : #whendiditbecomecool to be mean? --sigh-- Glad I missed out on that.
Not sure what I'm winning by tweeting #thevegasbash...can it be to have not show up?
“: C'mon Caps!!!!!!!!” I like that RGIII is already rooting for #DC teams
I'm with nd
haha I'm coming! Hope I don't drown.
Shake are u gonna get a table too?
Where is the pig, where is the pig? Where is the pig, where is the pig?
Happy birthday to my favorite Uk player of all time,
"It is a good rifle, and kilt the bear that kilt me. Anyway, I am dead. Sincerely, Hatchet Jack."
I'm posting because told me to share my annoyance that the Ebisu Garden Palace closed before I could ever get to it.
well I still think she's a little nutty. What is it?
have not seen it either; I'm good buddies with his agent who passed along that news to me last week
OMG. They said one guy gets to come back! It has to be David!
The crack-up: "His mouth opened to make a wordless noise that could have been anything, a yes, a no, or both." Gresham, NIGHTMARE ALLEY
Whoops I forgot - never break a rule.
Thanks! Happy Friday.
agree - best results out of classroom or structured enviroment
lettuce, tomato, avocado. I add corn salsa from Trader Joes to mine. It's too spicy for the wee ones
Today is yell at day.. I'm about to have it..
what is your opinion?
I have learned to use the word 'impossible' with the greatest caution.
following u follow back
The journey of a thousand miles begins with a broken fan belt and a leaky tire.
School tomorrow boo! The math teacher is going to start talking about pie again and that makes me hungry for pie. ggrrrrrrr
on iCarly right now, then SNL at 11:30. What a great night :)
Oh its a damn shame you don't live out here. You'd be taken care LOL
they obviously aren't familiar with the concept, either.
what am I ): RT:: Wish I had someone to watch movies with..
It’s a beautiful #Seattle day - how are you taking advantage of the sun?
Im about to turn into an icicle . This class is to cold ! :(
I just wasn't taught to politely pretend to be nice to people I can't stand
Toothbrush Express offers great savings on Gripit Orthodontic Brushes and most oral care products.
Every defeat, every heartbreak,every loss,contains its own seed,its own lesson on how to improve your performance the next time. -O. Mandino
want those chores done? Lol
Added some new shows to the schedule, check'em out
RT: Who my twitter world got in the playoff games today!?! <---Bears/Jets....leegggggooo
Wonderful to visit with Tracy Stober and Clark Sorenson of JKS today, and to meet other Koreanists!
Please remember to recycle your Christmas trees in the proper place, you can take them to San Diego State parking lot D off of Alvarado Rd
sometimes I dream of having a normal 9-5 job, and then I realize how bored I would get.
open an art gallery, a nonprofit, a publishing company whatever. You can be & do what you want just play pleasant.
Thank you so much. We're working on our EP now. It has a few new songs on it.
Say what? RT Slap my el... Slap my bow... Slap my elbow
Waking up to the last day of testing
Just wanted to thank u for having me present not one but TWO topics this year :) Beyond awesome!
make sure you know how to say it in español and you don't have your phone out. She's a crazy one
We're throwing a big Memorial Day Festival at Marble on May 28th. Want to join us?
Adam on Chelsea Lately made me fall off the couch in laughter. XD
When I wake up Saturday I will be in the best mood a human can be in
Gotta have it
i forgot like everything today -.-
Sending a warm hello to our newest followers!
will do!! Such a great talk
I hate hospitals..
Best rose bowl ever
Waiting for a text <<
cocktails at the dot for keefs bday tomorrow night!!!
yes please do! I'll add.
It's never the perfect time to start something
LMAO oh here we go again lol
Congrats Grizzlies!!! Amazing team! Love to see the underdog making it to the top!!
hey can u plz follow me and are u and the boys going the tour the usa in the future? :)x
Theater is a collaborative art. And YOU are mistaken. Most theaters are rather small orgs, like chamber music groups.
I think I was broke that time. So I'll blame my wallet. Independent of me.
The awkward momment when your tired and can't fall asleep.
No. 9 #Pittsburgh trails Long Beach State, 45-36, at halftime; watch live on ESPNU
yeah you called me a bitch. What's up with that?
My Statistics face.... O.o
It will be movie night I'd I can actually find a movie
your pineapple coconut water satisfies my sweet tooth & my thirst! I'm in love!
One last tweet before I get famous!
it was nice to meet ya this morning! Thanks for coming!
haha "the more you know" xD thanks. I really needed to know that .
haven't had my touch screen..now I do n I'm having a wanting to be social moment lol
caught in thee act!
<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9> <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0088>who had the idea to make this o.O???
thanks for making an audio recording of faculty session on reengineering.
Pittsburgh Is, indeed, a great place to incubate and innovate. Thanks for noticing!
turn up.
Getting ready to take wife to airport this morning, much too early to be up and moving!!!!! Coffee
make a drinking game out of it! :)
Cuz its a bittersweet symphony this life...
Good question from How does preservation stop being a movement and make it something that we just all do?
Close. Cutting wood all day can tend to make you a little mad. ;)
Hope you're ok! Xoxoxo
Ok dog, but how about "dawg" instead?
Unfortunately, as a chronically employed non-narcoleptic it happens... Thanks for the EXCELLENT WORK btw, it is appreciated!!!
what do you need me to do hun? you know you can trust me
until she gets a twitter I'm just gonna make up a twitter account for her... GET A FUCKING TWITTER!
Hm…hurt…
"Republican Asked To Resign After Red Light District Photo Surfaces" #huffpost The Party of Family Values!
Whats up with park patrol putting tickets on every car for blocks around Lake Calhoun today? Something going on?
he's amazing:) he changed my life<3
Thanks for the great webinar, Buffy - lots of great ideas and points to ponder
Happy Birthday to me lol!!!!!! :D gonna be 16 pretty soon
Guns & Horses: Watching Kentucky Derby coverage before heading to shooting range. AND it's Cinco de Mayo!
50th anniversary submariner with the green face. Big hunk of change!
they making it dog. Black L the man
Madeline Forester CD release party Friday April 10th. Free show, should be awesome. Some fantastic artists all at 1 venue. Boulder @ Brooks.
For every $5 donated to our film gets you a ticket in a drawing for a NEW Ipad2 www.indiegogo.com/the-fate-of-phoenix
#Bruins #Caps tied at 1 after two periods. Here. We. Go!
Finally named a Ped Pal that best describes my personality Yes I confess, I am a Soap Slut smells like yummy sweet Apricot Fressia "yikkes"
hey china i love that name and i was wondering how old are you???
this android is awesome lol
RIP Cliff Robertson. Native son of La Jolla passes away at 88. Watch PT-109 & visit Soledad Memorial plaque in his honor.
Praise God!
excellent! love you leslie!
It didn't even rain today. IT'S HOT AS FUGE OUT THERE lolol
So they say I'm gaining weight that's what happiness do to <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0081>
Yeah, that sounds abt right!
cool just let me know i got you
my giants are going to win. Also big shout out to my main man for running the NYC marathon. We'll spar soon
#Ijustloveitwhen someone feeds me :)
First break of the game. The #Aztecs trailing the Broncos 6-7
That's the American Way, don't u know? Corruption only works if u pay off BOTH parties!
not even..I texted you back the other day
wishing my momma a happy Mother's Day!!
agree in screening our film?
On Twitter for the first time
For some reason I'm not sleepy...
Just Lyrics tonight 7 to 10. Good looking band coming on around 8:30. Check website www.randomrow.wordpress.com.
rock it, girl!
why is my room the coldest one in the house l:
I watch u daily. But u will 1 day realize that ppl dont pay attention to the Kellers of the world.
Home from the cruise...back to reality
meant he's in Ohio. Argh. First he's dead then he's in Ohio. Don't know which is worse?
Turf toe you can get from any sport... Not just in football. It's like a strain in your big toe.
"when you're busy making other plans" "I'm just sitting here watching the wheels go round n round"
“: #Oregon's facilities are amazing. I can see why people would want to come here for the "cool factor". #sportsbiz”//try okla st
open today, Sunday, May 6 from 10A to 5P for early voting. Come by after church services or brunch. We'd love to see you!
Excellent expose on the economic impact of sky high energy costs
If you do the Polar Plunge, you deserve to throw on
I'd catch a grenade for you!" Normal people: "Awhh!" Me: “WHY WOULD PEOPLE THROW GRENADES AT ME?!”
I want to see some more senior pranks.
Have you ever tried talking to someone in a club/concert? Yeah its hard. Calm the fuck down about it.
This asshole ex-boyfriend who inspired this album needs a grammy and a thank you, show him some love Adele!
is even her book green? That would be impressive. Rock it, sista!
Thanks for the Lynyrd Skynyrd God&Guns tip. Epic album and rare that I like every track. Dark Side was the last time.
Yay! RT : Did you get tix for #LACMAThroughTheMic w/ 3MG ( ) on Thursday? Hope so, because it's sold out.
Can't find the cat brush. I bet the dog ate it. I wish I could take it out of his allowance! This is my alone time with Sylvia... no brush.
I make the best grilled cheese ever ;P
so you are after the phones of all Americans ? ha ha
“: I caught the last minute of it & wondered where it happened?” one on Mayson Ave. Then a second one on Hawthorne St.
Is it just me or does Russell Brand look like a crazy serial killer?
Big daddy kane
Ran into the wrong mf today
Apparently, when I say "I work for myself" it comes out as, "I have nothing else to do but talk to you all day."
Degrees aren't required in the film industry. What you need is professional training on feature films, which is what we offer.
The best things in life aren't things <3 I could never remember this till the day I got your love <3
Red, white or blue --- which patriotic color is your favorite fashion color?
re: how to refer to usability testing: keep it as generic/neutral as possible: session, study, evaluation, meeting
Reza: Has your recent relationship w ur father broadened the outlook in the Persian comm to accept people more for who they are?
But today is errand day! First on the list- getting my hair done before our engagement pictures on Sunday.
RT : Silver lining of a Rose Bowl loss for Bucky? Last time that happened, the Packers won the Super Bowl
So one of the benefit of being #unemployed right now.. watching as much MARCH MADNESS on TV as I want!!!
Back from Los Angeles
there's stories to tell, we been through it all.
just DM'ed you!
I would buy those just to wear around Christmas time.
March 6, 2004. A water taxi capsizes in the harbor, killing five.
Gotta do My hair.
« The #NFL Schedule released today, which game are your most looking forward to?»
is reading the Elections Canada Act. (From start2finish.) Say what u want about how often we use it but Canada has a great electoral system.
Just announced! Arma is playing SXSW week in Austin TX! Wednesday 3/16, 6:30 at the Trophy Room
do you consider yourself a good bowler?
That awkward moment when you can't hear someone so you just laugh and nod your head and hope it wasn't a question.
seriously a treat.
"In the confrontation between the stream and the rock, the stream always wins-not through strength but by perseverance." -H. Jackson Brown
Watching #cupcakewars makes me want to bake tons of cupcakes.
If I were to move, ima make sure I dont coming back
Running Quote: "Running is the greatest metaphor for life, because you get out of it what you put into it." Oprah Winfrey
All of em? Damn. I'm a beast.
Thank you Lauren! Wonderful to meet you.
supposedly chopped onion, garlic, ginger, chutney, soy sauce, mustard, worcestershire sauce, ketchup, and wine.
Like to see bubba pull this off
awesome! We hope you enjoy the blog!
And George C. is pretty cool too....
is it done?
Lucky guess. “: It's Friday night! Bet you've got pub crawling on your mind ;)”
These last 2 losses have made me angry!
finally put some music together until the site is done, check it out at http:/myspace.com/zacyoung.music... enjoy!
YES! can't wait! RT : Well just wait till I start playing virtual Barbie with !
Home Sweet Home, where you can look ugly, enjoy it, and fan girl over Justin...
Workin on a new song and its sounding b.e.a.u.tiful!
Overheard in NYC Thai Restaurant at 11pm ... 'I'm definitely going to have to go get Botox soon. A lot of it.'
Dear Ladies sitting behind me: it is just FAB that you are so rich & entitled to so much. Sorry you're persecuted for your wealth. But shh!
Ya buddy!! Let's get it!
heres to enough shots to keep the place afloat. Lee Bruce thurs and my mini celebration sat night.
Whewww, thank goodness! I burn pretty easily myself. Stood outside yesterday for an hour and my shoulders are pink!
“: I am not in the mood to learn anything new in school. #comeonnow #wereallydontcare #summer”
Drop by our stand, number D350, for some of our latest releases!
Fun fact: The USS Constitution once took over a Whiskey Distillery in Scotland, stealing 40K gallons of scotch
yeah :/ RT : Lol, I guess you meant *you saw a dude with cornrolls" « RT : I just a dude with cornrolls
Sensing some jealousy. Are you upset you didn't get some free delicious tea?
<U+2714> unemployed, sadly
More MHM advocates r arriving. Press conference is on #Saveourclinics #OChi #MHMChicago @
“: #FatGirls hate the song "Work out" by J.Cole” lmfao the best one yet! Ha!
I slept through most of New Mexico. Thankfully, I wasn't driving.
u look thick ass hell I would boat you!
"The Dignity Must Return of African and African-American Educators" - Dr. Sharon Minor King
Do it! Do it! Do it!
Finally in their place
“: Leyland confirms Doug Fister will more than likely start Monday in Seattle. #Tigers” YES!!!
Thanks so much!
Everyone follow my bro
Trust me...we will. I want my shit done first before starting that! lol
you too cute shorty(:
Might take you up on that offer lol.
Sorry, I'm not doing a good job tweeting this great talk & so will hold off, but +
I swear that takes my breath away.
ima a girl. i overreact. i underestimate. i overestimate. i over think everything. i dream big. and when i say i love you, im not lying.
i dont get how she so famous on twitter she only met Justin bieber that's it she don't know him personally u kno duh-.-
Enjoying listening to at the IU Libraries In-house Institute
What Happen To Jerking That Used To Be The Shit..! #You'reAJerk
thx and there is SO much good off road
There's a spider in my room so I'm scared and decided to sleep in the living room. LOL!
- Breitbart is a joke. And a liar. How anyone can support Breitbart is beyond me.
Jelly-filled donuts from the Mennonite store are THE BEST.
thanks for coming! Good to see you!
missing your chance..
perfect time to head to #xfinitylive to party
oh well I thought u would know since it has a picture of u in it
Thank You Father For Your Gifts And Talents Given To Me. I Present Them Before You. I Walk In Increase As Your Son To Expand Your Kingdom!
lol. Who put you on cwaig! P.s I'm hitting u up this weekend about the trip
Working on website for new tub/tile/sink resurfacing business in Louisville. Let me know if you're interested in their services! Gr8 people!
Breakout sessions: XML in same room on 1st floor; Oral History and Omeka sessions are on 2nd floor, someone will point the way.
great movie and I'm British haha!.. Norman Reedus and Flannery did a great job!
Terry - I am catching up late - but know from life that Fats Waller helps. Always. My grandfather Carleton taught me so!
just sent you the email! See you there!
#EveryoneHasThat1Friend that never shuts up long enough about their life for you to tell yours
YES HAYLEY. MOTHER FUCKING YES. ok? YES. not no. YES.
This fog makes me horrified that I'll turn a corner and be attacked by zombies.
Take the 2012 WOMAN Challenge. This is challenge is much like the President’s Challenge with a little twist. Meet your physical and...
good luck
Sounds fun. RT : #BurgMYT Score 9. Had 1.5 hour intense dance class for "fun" exercise and managed to eat well.
Follow me please! I'm great simpsonizer! 143 so much! Never change, your voice is amazing :3 . Follow me :3 follow me36
hahaha you're welcome ;)
Irish American Images calenderfor on LuLu.com with beautiful images for 2012
Warm tonight!! I hope this great weather holds up! :) #sunshine goodnight folks!
I had pretty close to an emotional meltdown when I realized that i forgot my m&m cookie from corner bakery on the table
Congratulations! RT : Named Business of the Year by Fishers Chamber of Commerce. Very cool!
Not at the table carlos!
That's acceptable. Go Ducks!
Ok, I might have jumped the gun on the website "later this week" post. LOL Our Digital Media company just called concerned. Ha!
Yes, there's that for sure! RT : Hurdle for me as tech dir was always admins super-scared of social media
Breakfast makes me sleepy
Woke up and Looked in the mirror said "Wassup"
Homework flow
I didn't know people still took the WWE seriously...Oh, that was the GOP debate? My bad.
The Heat are on a mission!
you should live tweet yer date... I hear that always goes over well
Friday Night Live @ Proprietor's Reserve Wine Bar 8:30pm Oct. 16th featuring Jesse & Andrew-Classic rock to the newest hits. Cheers!
Regional TODAY!!!
some of us are single because we are in the process of finishing up with our Master's Degrees and preparing for our PhD's. XO
correction: freezer
I can't wait to join
Thx love! will I see you on Saturday?
I love the sun and everything but this is really hot
*Sings out loud* I GET SO LONE-LAY! CANT LET.. JUST ANYBODYHOLDME
Barrett just said he won't be beholden to out of state special interests like Walker. Does he not want Union money?
You are amazing!
I have never been so happy to see my big king size bed #goodnight ;)
Pizza and movies at our house tonight. What are y'all doing this weekend?
get an inbox, ppl!
The online shopping experience is visually stunning - for a minute I thought I was on !
Joe says he is officially retired. Maybe that's code for 'he can't beat me' LOL Just Kidding
So be sure when you step, step with care and great tact.- Dr. Seuss, Oh, The Places You'll Go!
When we watch the ICONic Boyz dance without Vincent... I can't even right now. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094>
or go on a one-year sabbatical every 10 years! The Europeans (some) seem to have a much better grasp of this.
"we need to start focusing on what this stuff means to a broader set of people." miracle cure is distant future; respect relevant now.
Absolutely. After all, we both want vodka. Clearly it was meant to be. So...do you have more than one couch?
This week is awful and it's only Monday.
your new twitcon is really cute :)
Hey Check out our new track on our Facebook when you get the chance :)
that picture needs a cat
Tap now...on me
WORLD PEACE
What a way to end the year.. married my best friend ! Happy New Year to all!! God bless!! #honeymoonhangover ;(
u dont love nobody
I'm addicted to words with friends.
had not planned on it - I don't recall getting an email. Maybe I missed it! Is it a good one?
OMG I FEEL SO EMBARRASSED.
Charlotte, North Carolina
you sound colder than we do in AK! Now on to the chocolate sauce. Wish you were here!
Atta girl, Desi. The sun will come out, tomorrow!
hey you there?
Aaaaahh so that's what he meant by invisible children
pretty sure sex class teach was supposed to email us too...
great background...
Today I need a flashlight.
I've been there three times now and it's amazing! So dangerously close to work...
Chrysler's gonna be pissed.
Yup. Our two 2012 presidential candidates have thoroughly "evolved" on this #MarriageEquality issue, Only in reverse! Ha!
good article. Hope all is well with you and the hubby. Enjoying CA I'm sure. I know I would be.
thanks i am trying to get rid of my belly fat what should I do
Trying out Workflowy, UI and tutorial is very nicely done, think I'll start using this instead of Google docs from now on
Thanks for the RT today!
2012 Phenom Camper Phenom 150: Mark Wickard °Rising 11th °East Lansing, MI °Travel Team: Elite Nation °Point Guard 6’0
Good example - some of the longer clips Rob has put together are very good
same, the 20th. interesting tidbit: was reading hardt & negri's book 'commonwealth' and your aunt irene was cited. fun fun!
Every time I've gone to recently that song has come on. It makes me dance in my chair. : )
I'd be more into CSN&Y if the "Crosby" had been Bing Crosby.
yeah no more baby cay :(
:O Thats A Waste of Cake.
Nice to meet you too. Yep, that's me... always ready to give some blog love ;)
If God didn't plan on using u to score for Him, nobody & nothing would be tryin to block ur shot
Why live my personal values at work? This is an excellent question to ask. If your attorneys are planning an insanity defense.
We only called him that when he was in trouble.
Hummus & champagne to celebrate the end of the semester. Why don't more people stay in school, again?
Chuck, was great 2 meet u last wk. Congrats on the new gig! Would love to tell u more re: our social enterprise. Pls DM w your email
Shout out to my main man, Devin Hoeper for doin the awesome work he's been doin, lining up shows and recording and what not!
Probably didn't need that last shot of moonshine.
I've been wanting to go have drinks at Magic City. We just might run into John Secada or Albita!
YUP!!! MEETING A COUPLE HOMIES OUT HERE
("Black Panther" Poem Of The Day: by NEETTA BLACK - (The Strong Collection) - at amazon.com.)………."What Does It Take To Be A "Black" Man?"………
RT New episode Giuliana & Bill 2night on STYLE @ 8/7c. One of our fav episodes! Retweet to win signed copy of our new book:)
: Thanks for the follow - and following back. Look forward to receiving your tweets!
Just one month till much anticipated mixtape #HatersMotivation is released .
POM on sale at Target. May treat myself with a cocktail or two tonight.
hey nice to see you here! :)
30 miles to Portland. What a night. Boston, you have our heart. You always did. Until next time, old friend.
work that foursquare !!
I'm glad to have search engines to check if a phrase has been used. "One App Wonders" For a minute I was quite clever!
My ears are bleeding- please make it stop! (Tony's singing)
if you have on your social media you guys are in good hands
the only bad part is its staying on my record
wish we could have been there Brie! Have fun for us! ~yd
You don't love me, big fucking deal. I'll never tell you how I feel.
outside! Been in an office too long!
thanks Nana.. Love you too!!
What sites/apps do you use for that? Socrative?
Whatever ! Don't listen to him. Am I supposed to tell you it's good not to want to go to school? No! I'm not
So exciting! Hope everything goes great for you!
this title changing crap is so annoying. Seeing the title change this much makes me want to stop watching.
thanks to Noah for sharing his birthday with Ethiopian orphan relief! That's some serious bricks be donated!
Rocking my Money Gettin Kids shirt to skew todae s/o to Damon Steen #MGK Clothing.
thanks so much for your support! #muchlove :)
thank you!
Rihanna To Be The "Fast Six" Villain?
that was scary as hell...
Setting up for the NCAA today, walkthroughs tomorrow and open practices Wednesday!
Hanging out at the Westminster Flower and Jazz Festival this morning for Carroll Counts. Stop by!
I understand that you're trying to make me jealous . It's not working
Real woman now how to cook!!!!
Logic will get you from A to B. Imagination will take you everywhere.
subscribe for what
Did not see your Facebook invite request yet. ... Grin.
...And on December 9th, 2009, all of mourned the snow day that could have been.
It was great meeting you, Jenny! RT My brain is still jam-packed with comedy theory & practice thanx 2
Do you think the Love Guru will make a cameo? Or will he be the villain?
Banner: Tomorrow the dream comes true. God bless America.
varsity cheerleader with my best friends and <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B>
Dear Mitt and Ann: Don't say "Trump" or "money."
Thanks, , although I'm biased towards #BloomingdaleDC ;-)
Ello Twitterverse, I'm teaching a class at next week & need some kid-friendly Legomation videos for examples. Have any gems?
ohh ok!! yay!! love you! x
Revised a talk today to include references to Steven King, Gingrich, and Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Killer. Feel much better now.
#MyPastRelationships Taught me how to act, what not to put up with, taught me patience, made me sweeter, and meaner at times.
Talladega gets ready for the Ballad of Kurt Busch
Don: Lots of people who haven't taken LSD already know that, Roger.
"Klout believes you are influential in Steak." They just make this shit up, right?
: Oh no another wolfman came up to me and now he's trying to eat me. Go away Wolfman. Ouch. Stop biting me! APRIL FOOLS!
lunch this week or next? i want to hear about your new years :)
no, I misspell and get pissed even more at myself. I was originally just blowing you shit by being a smartass.
#justpainted my nails and probly not going to school tomorrow!
Weekly special: $59 Sky & Sea Facial. 60 minutes of pampering! Add a peel for only $20.
I love the feeling of not having to set my alarm and waking up at 2:30 in the afternoon
The Chemistry of Life--we are all connected; to each other biologically, to the Earth chemically, and to the rest of Universe atomically.vSB
Roast Coffee, its on Maryland and Locust. Delicious breakfast sandwiches!
All work meets Federal Motor Vehicle Safety Standards.
she loves you too
Did i read that correctly, or does anyone give a fuck?
I think forgot what date we set for Tennis!!
I found that there are a couple places in LA that can be shot looking like they are Australia...& 1 could cut together stuff...
can't wait to see her room! Twitpic it....
Awesome, enjoy!
Just wanted to thank you for your AMAZING presentation at GBS! My mind & my business have both been transformed forever!
Follow me My old account was for demo for class only!
Because words are small...
We do have some merchants currently using BoA, so you should be good to go with them!
umm joy thats fine and all but i umm think you just put your arm in dog poop.
Me and my friends are sitting in our school auditorium in a high school right outside of Nashville, wishing you were here t ...
special skills RT : Where do you put that on your resume?
Hey man it's been a while. We should hang out soon!
Going to have nightmares of IU, Baylor, Louisville, and FL. FML.
We're lucky that it always is around here! Cheers to you!
hi u still in Florida message me
I did not tweet Boiler Up. Looks like I have to think of a two digit password to stump my Purdue friends
OH MY GAWD! -Abby I'm using my iPod and keep getting notifications
Definitely pulling for the pacers in this series
I ordered an L from the site. Tell the bot to get to work, I want that new HOUSE OF BIRDS shirt!
timeline is full or #spurs support, i love it!
it's hot in LA today. cool and inside, working...
lol that was me!
BAH! I hope your booty gets on TV. Lol.
On the road to MA, listening to Dora the Explorer.
his anc relection bid should include the tagline "helping the community by moving you out of it!" Be sure to toss them in his yard.
I want to feel wanted..
He would've been if it wasn't for you, bitch. He's gone cause he went and fell in love with you. You are a toxic disease.
Loved the #Scrubs reunion on #cougartown tonight!!! Awesome.
heard you're in the vicinity...pay a fan a visit or what?
I'm at the Marvin Center. I'm here with Sirius XM
How you gonna take a pic of yourself in a dirty ass mirror?
I really don't know
Introducing my remaining Film Criticism students to certain Black Knight.
First I need a hug, then a miracle, and then a diploma.
Josh Hutcherson had a deviated septum; he had it his entire life. That's why he had to get surgery on his nose.
Heading to bellagio/aria to hopefully play some PLO. Will settle for nl
Heck of a race.
I like that I'm playing Ramapo College in Mahwah, NJ 2nite cause it means I can keep saying "Mahwah" as much as want. (9pm, Berrie Center.)
What a lazy Sunday!
Call in number for the show is 646-929-0368
My classes are full of idiots. I need to take honors.
Why are you so hurt over someone who wouldn't give one fuck about you.?
The boy had a sleepover last night and his friend is one of those kids who I could adopt - so easy! A blessing for the work-at-home mom!
Green Renaissance Fair, 9-19/20-2009 we have center stage for the city of Portland www.green-renaissance.com/fair
Oh yes, because everybody loves me.
I am so proud of U I could just *faint* _________________thud
yeah dude, you know who he is - which other asian dude did we used to ball with all the time late as hell?
preTTY MUCH EXACTLY SAME
Looking for a space for a new art-therapy non-profit. Do you know if there's anything near Woodburn? Like a level of a house?
do NOT wake up carol.
The SAGawards inspired me. I'm definitely becoming an actor.
i am good thxs,
What's w/ these obscure Italian composition competitions that send you unsolicited applications? I get asked to apply to like 2 per week.
Playing tonight! Come out! Birthdays, drinks, and a Dunk Booth will be present! Good times for sure!
In the mood for some Ale House food.
Okay Rays, let's do dis
Sure, I'll go all the way to Philly at a moment's notice, but when I'm out of food and cherry coke, Safeway's too far... *whine*
beat you to the punch son
#BritneyBio is trending in Philippines! ' 45 minute biography just aired on philippine national television. Well done!
Technology itself is not a solution. Quality journalism is the solution.
Saw them in action but didn't use them yet. BJGE doesn't get me excited though, lost Rivers too
Rise up my tweeps, time to grind!
when are you guys coming back to NY? i'd love to see you again!
Looking forward to rocking The Buccaneer in Memphis tonight with Aron Shiers. 10ish. Do it.
im not eligible as i am a radio dj.but just to play along "They just saw the 51st shade of grey"
do you have a question about hair or makeup? let it all out!! ask me anything!
Ken-Tool Offers Mega AirBlast Bead Seating Tool
Jord, I had a staring contest with you before the show in CT on the 3rd, I was standing on a hill with a ginger watching you(x
no you are!!! Can't wait to see you in LA!!!
iUndergroundReports.com is going to branch out from news-oriented video stories and start tackling the fun, the weird, the wild. Send tips!
think they should at least keep him until zucker et al make it. Unless they can get a stupid return of course
Good morning:-)
Birthday weekend festivities continue. Lunching and shopping with in DC.
Teenage Mutant Ninja Penis
must force myself to go to sleep but too excited about private weekend applique class with David Taylor!
Anyone we know? Lol
: So cool! Greetings from Pittsburgh Pennsylvania
I turned that movie off after about an hour. I wanted to like it for 's sake but I couldn't get into it.
you will be missed. If you find yourself depressed, get help. -your friend across the ocean.
thx joey, great to meet you this week.
“: yo u gonna get an Oscar 4 this one Fam! Lol, nah but great performance bro!” thanks brah lol praise God
men with guns"; and about how the dad/husband in [SAFE] is played by xander berkeley, who had been known mostly for that kind of
Noted from today's Shuffle: 1. country music makes me cry 2. I've officially jumped on the Mumford & Sons bandwagon (was not on it at all)
shipped out your samples today. If USPS doesn't shutdown you should have them by the weekend.
Off to North Berwick with my family and :D
mad at the #am already
Delayed flights<<<<
Got so much planning to do. Hopefully everything picks up soon
Its so cute how you ignore me!!! Thanks babe! much love! xx
I'm getting the idea I'm not the target demographic for radio ads.
Do you have ANY more of the 'Eat Cake for Breakfast' Terry bags? I just saw it on sale and came back and it was gone! Help!
Then they put up twitter pages calling you a bald homo and prank calling you all night long? I call that childish.
Watch Milwaukee Police Chief Ed Flynn answer viewer questions on Real Milwaukee today at 9am!
hi =) no i didn't! i'll have a looksy for it in a bit! miss yo face boo xo
Just starting my laundry at midnight.
haha yea I know you are
Aw, a baby girl! Are you loving it? :)
Studio time starts tomorrow!!!
Can't sign up as a member - the two words I need to type in don't show up on my screen - help?
I have been approved! I officially have an apartment!
JUST GOT UNDER IT OH FUCK ME
Muj, you should seriously just look into a career as one of those rishta aunties lol
I'm not gonna cry, I'm not gonna die I'm not gonna shed a tear
Are you have any caffeine withdrawals?
going to call radio for tickets
R.I.P. Alex Anderson, co-creator of Rocky and Bullwinkile. You are remembered.
Hey how are you?
Whirl up, sea-/whirl your pointed pines/splash your great pines/on our rocks/hurl your green over us/cover us with your pools of fir. HD
It's been a good day so far. Hbu? ;)
Going to see cats!!! It gon b good!!!
Thanks for refollowing me
If you believe in reincarnation, you should be very amused.
The good news is 6 fish populations were declared rebuilt. Bad news: 14% of stocks are subject to overfishing, and 21% are overfished.
You know... it's not my fault the doctor dropped me in glitter when I was born and for your information, I've been shinning ever since! :D
hahaha i like how you put that! lol YAY! cant wait to see youu! and i actually get to stay this time and hang out hah woo!:]
Presenter finds kids like to record their own commentary//Why not pursue that? Let kids experiment, be silly & imaginative
just rocked that on to the next one lecks freestyle at my gig. People breakin their necks!!! Legggoooo
What a gorgeous March day!
RT : Mobile has more potential to be useful for local commerce than even the web.
I just got mentioned on Colin Cowherds show...and that is exactly what he said. FRANK DA TANK, FRANK DA TANK!! LOL
Happy Super Tuesday! “Politics, n. Strife of interests masquerading as a contest of principles.”--Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
Aww shucks, thanks.
We all made it to 2012! Well that's something. Lets see what this new year brings us. I hope its good. I really do hope its good.
- yes, please ask him if he'll consider going into the Hall of Fame as a Redskin.
Having a boarding pass with no seat is united's way of being a total deusche.
There's only two huge reasons to watch The Patriot if you know what I mean and I think you do.
cause i'm marvelous.
“A poem should not mean, But be.” Archibald MacLeish, born on this day in 1892
as long as they support our boyss..
The smell of gasoline will never leave my hand.
don't forget obama v boehner.
happened several times today. YES i'm aware that I should be in bed asleep right now!
Thanks for the retweet. This was a fun article to write.
Undrafted FA FB/TE Ben Guidugli had a strong preseason and appeared to make the 53 with Rams. Being waived today.
Yes, and junk in your grandmother's attic. I like the sound of "Victorian Studies" & 19th century material culture.
I forgot how hard handwriting is.
what's good bro?
Congrats to , winner of the $50 Amazon card in our RT contest. Thanks to all for helping us share the great airfare deals!
Librarian, Archivist, Information Professional... Informationist... what label gives us the access we need to be effective?
its going to be a novel that shows no matter how different u think people are from u there can be one that is the same as all
that would be more PG appropriate. And hey, buttholes is just funny.
Lots of great Japanese food in NYC! Sorry I wasn't home in San Diego to greet you when you visited.
I'm giddy with anticipation.
Great comedy show tonight at the Brokerage Comedy Club!!!
Well, then just wait a bit, and you can have the infographic for dessert.
C'mon you ain't slick!! don't try to lie to me!! Or at least don't smile and laugh while lying!!
do you know about #2amt and #newplay? You will find many (sometimes too many) theatre conversations happening.
Too busy to keep up.
This is what hot weather does!!
what thaa nut. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
me too lol
you bet Adam.. and thanks for being such a good interview! Best of luck on your next fight.
A new children's book about the history of hair claims "cavewomen" sprouted blond hair to be more attractive to "cavemen." #whatyearisthis?
Students using media:scapes today to learn about #deathpenalty. They amaze me with collaboration, inquiry, depth, emotional response.
No problem :3
Spent the afternoon Skeet Shooting just for fun! Great way to spend a day.
This is your last weekend to check out ARTOMATIC! (I'm heading down again this evening) Also, have a happy 4th of July weekend!
What are the odds were talkin about legalizing weed
ps that was my 1000th tweet!!! Whoop whoop
Great opening presentation by Peter Ricchiuti for the conference. Makes me want to go back to college.
Agreed! RT : Sometimes the way you interpret things may not be right -- take a breather before u act
Now we get hi-yah call that shit karate.
pwetty please. Get some art on your body too!
Formal education will make you a living; self-education will make you a fortune
Person tht inpires me is Marilyn Monroe:))
when my dad gets called in to work and i think i get away with chores then he texts me<<<
& & a few others but didnt have enough room...lol. Ill let u know when I watch it though :-)
Music makes the world go around!
Did just tweet props to MSU from jail?
That is great. Good job w/o booze! If you're bored tomrw I'll be at The Riv! PS I'll get us Stellas when your booze hiatus ends
what's the hurry?
Research says that sleeping less than 6 hours/night can increase your risk of diabetes.
Jenny's afraid of water....
Would you give him the deal Albert Pujols got from LA? Personally I'd give him 5 years - that's it
sure :) what about? I just followed you btw :D
Let me love you down
I got to praise me some Jesus from behind a drum kit today! Good to be back!!!!
Congrats! RT : Just finished reading "Infinite Jest" -- what a crazy, epic, funny, sad, moving book.
Goal for the week: Grow a mustache. Okay, maybe goal for the month.
why you bein a #hater? Show some #Love to people... Hate spreads faster than love apparently....
p.s. I was at the Boston Cyclists Union gala a few weeks back but I had to leave before you got there.
Just got to krik fest where its friggin jammin..will be a good show!
I am liking all the love from the Twitterverse!!!
Hey ...Bring Back Ringer is trending WORLDWIDE!!! :)
Come join me for great happy hour specials at the bar.
Would love to see it, I'm sure Starr could use a little comforting from her Aunt Dorian these days! :D
after being considered by most experts to be weak in their respective field trumpet the virtues of the feminine mystique.
That is an incredible idea... low performing students need the arts to support a love of learning!
Dear how can I get a body like yours like its flawless like I would do anything to get a body like urs sincerely Abby! <3
My mom won't let me get wrisrbands for the signing... HELP ME..
Taco Bell
More military personnel have died from suicide in the past two years than in battle, according to recent report
I would love to see this as well...but...I just don't think it's gonna happen. Hope I'm wrong!
ten thousand dollar bet, not this again.
Thank god the patriots lost!!!
my kids are too. Except we are in a car!
Hey guys is on #twitter. Follow them for #goodmusic Keep rocking I'm definitely a fan!!!
r u talkin to ur friend on here
Amazing night for Philadelphia! W's all around!!!
You know what would go great with today's weather? Some 'Q from Memphis Minnie's BBQ Joint, of course!
Well, watching "The War of the Arrows" on Netflix while occasionally clicking on a button in "another" window. This is working for me.
son your drunk tweets are too much. Also come to my house to say goodbye before you leave.
...i just love him and care for him so fucking much, no one understands
thnx 4 the follow! Happy #styling ;)
going to lunh with my aunht my momma and
well if your mom wants to meet up let us know! Be safe down there.
I agree Playa !!
I Can Tell By The Hair ;)
pop goes the weasel until the weasel goes pop.
been there. I feel ya.
Look in the mirror. You're BEAUTIFUL. He may not think so or admit it. But thats not what matters. What matters is you know who you are.
I would drop a Kristen Bell reference in every tweet if I could.
don't cut it!
did u chose the wrong emoji!
...Sad to think that such people call themselves educated individuals!
that's what I was thinking too
gettin' ready for school! (:
Lol. It's ma first tweet in this account! Luv yaa !! You are my role model. :]
haha obviously lmao. Think of thick teeter dancing hahaha
Watching your videos<33 What are you doing?? :)
Klusoz block party going down
MCA has grown more powerful than we can possibly imagine
Coffee always gets me going in the mornings.
Left Miami now back in the O
Some guy asked me today whats so good about drake + I was like bitch plssssss, coleworld
It's a great day for a white wedding! So excited for you both. All on national fluff day too. haa.
Bunch of things coming together this spring involving my favorite Twin Cities new music performers - very psyched to work with them.
Oh great, Favre will see Ras al Ghul and get ideas about immortality.....
Waking up in the middle of the night and not being able to get back to sleep is the worst:(
thx for reminding! Trying to shake loose to make the event, if so - we'll throw down for sponsor.
Extreme Networks' CEO Discusses Q3 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript - Seeking Alpha
Ok I have my prediction for who will win the US open tennis finals. Is my man Novak Djokovic; what is your prediction let me know
You should invite ALL your Twitter followers over for a pool party when it's done!... or not, cause that might be creepy :/
“: I like librarians because they love to share ideas. There's no concept of stealing in this profession.”. So true.
#Cartier commercial on during #CelebApprentice . 5 minutes long. Now I want a diamond encrusted Jaguar. But I'll settle for a bedazzled one
Currently in love with " If I die young" by I'm pretty sure I've listened to the song 25x today at work. :( missed then in sac
I think I have worked every holiday at bdubs.. Go figure -__-
The tires didn't do the before, sides those big fat end fences won't cause flat tires. The bumpers are not worth it!
We all possess a unique trait we should use to build our business and add value in a way that no one else can.
why drag Wisconsin into this? They did nothing:(
Loving the pool! i get to read my kindle
Shes the reason why i smile <3
yesterday was a big day- sent my first news release and successfully edited in vignette! Sending healthy vibes.
yes cuz u wont get off ur electronics for more then 2 seconds unless its to fuck
Annie - great to see you last night! Am excited to visit Dash and Albert and PineCone Hill soon!
AEGIS Tools wanted our customers to know we will be out of the office next Monday. Get your orders in and we'll get ship them out...
Come jam w/ us at 6pm FPL Stage!!
Black white Puerto ricann Chinese boyzzzzz!
Remember that bitch vitamin c who ripped off a Christmas riff and made it into a graduation song
I know!
Thanks, Austin! Hope to catch up soon, and Frankie is still looking forward to meeting you
Whoa thought that was a woman. My apologies to James Coburn.
southeast part :) like an hour and a half south of st.louis! :)
#DeepestSongsOfAllTime turn to you - Justin Bieber
Games is on, music is playing. Stop by and grab a paintbrush!
has reduced its maximum weeks of UI benefits from 26 to 25 cc;
Im in the buisness of misery, lets take it from the top.
Thru managed comp & cutting costs, we changed the way the we do business, & can now begin restoring services inc'l $ for lifeguard fireboats
rt I am fallowing invincibleepic. Please follow me
good luck on your new endeavors!
I refuse to think about work tonight or tomorrow. Ugh! That's hard! Happy New Year!!!
i am corn holiyo i need tp for my bung hole kmsl
Double header<33
The best & most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched - they must be felt w the heart. - Helen Keller
I go from : ( to : ) when I talk to you. I thank God everyday!
" Tear that shit up ! "
hm... RT“: A survey found , 1 in 5 women ended a relationship because their sig other was too busy playing video games.”
Wow reed Johnson was so close to getting hit in the face
its obviously about her. If you have a problem with her cleavage, I suggest you confront her about it.
seconded. Wait... do I get tuesday off? I don't even know.
Just got done making an out of town buyer video! Email me if you want some, too!
I've had that thought a lot lately. Working for the man is sobering.
Followed you (:
Happy #ff Friday!
Facilities tons of meeting rooms and outdoor pool construction
RIP mom 4 years. I love you and miss you.
brozz that put back was nasty huh
lol it didn't hurt that bad.
Now that's just funny!!!
SPACED is a sacred 'n' special institution, at least in my house. I'm glad we didn't Americanize it.
President Obama endorses same-sex marriage.
Hi teachers! Good morning!
Long day - at the oral surgeon, checking a bone graft and planning for the next steps -- good news -- all looks great to keep going - soon!
Oh hey girl! How long you been on Twitter? You see your vid blowin up? woohoo
Going to be 4 Kentucky teams in the NCAA, can't beat that.
Thx for comming to Loving Collective
At the rosary one of my 'aunts' hugged me and said, "You're so beautiful. DON'T get married." Girl. Do you know something I don't?
This is to announce Meck CPA Accounting Firm now has a Twitter Account ~ More to Follow
- love u, girl! And someday, i will mail you your card. It might look truly vintage by then, but i WILL mail it! :D
The only person who erred here was you. Whether you thought it might be misleading has more to do with your own biases.
and in game 2 of our quadruple-header. Who's it going to be - Blue Demons or Sun Devils?
Headed to
What is it about original don that makes people want to get rowdy
8% increase to healthcare costs every year with government plan? How does that translate to more affordable care for all?
Congrats, you have jumped the shark. Won't be watching the hateful tomorrow. Buh bye.
Thanks! Your kind words help make our day :) #Monicals RT : Exhausted but getting tonight is keeping me going
And follow I did. Nice to meet you.
In dc!! #waaaitwhaat? This is really happening?
#30RockLive is amazing!
okay thanks love.
is going to start using twitter so can rest easy.
Thanks for the new follows - look forward to learning more from you
are coming back to the US in 21 days!?!
next season of Fringe will be better X Files sucked season 8 &9
me too if I buy you one and mail it would u drink it :3
finally stepped ur game up eh?
young adult novel BUZZ now available in Chinese e-book, as well as in English, in both formats - realistic contemporary fiction for all
Helpful to read more about Proposition 8 (the "California Marriage Protection Act") on Wikipedia, to get a grip on what's actually at stake:
“You can’t escape the responsibility of tomorrow by evading it today.”
why? is it another rainout?
- I gave up on today at about 11am. What took you so long?
I am forever playing phone tag.
They don't even have guys clothes do they? :-)
when are winners posted?
They want you to show you hands. Do not fall for that trick.
tweet me after you put it up
Smart kid! RT Youngest son: "I care about all living things in the world." Oldest son: "Care about them, but don't join PETA."
Great run tonight. 65 degrees. Crisp. Awesome run!
: fragments/split infinitives make my skin crawl (fragment: real live grammatical error!), but at least d/n hve polit. impl.
verbal supreme
2,800 teenage girls get pregnant everyday. Retweet if you like pancakes.
why does technology have to be so difficult
@ Hello I Must Be Going premiere :)
just the sub please. combo meal if you will
all I can say is Wtf?!
Feels great to be back at the Can to watch the !
RT : #gsmc = Global Social Media Chat - 9pm EST Tues. Join us. G+ review & content generation. Open to all!
im watching bad girls club and wwe mondday night eaw..let's get it
had brief, unplanned visit to Indianapolis this wk - lovely city & campus - hope to be back soon to visit KVML & meet up.
what to do,what to do
OH in Wendy's drive-thru: "I have to go to the bathroom." "Yeah, well so do I and no one else goes until I get to go!"
swedish fish .
I love you too w
Back in Ann Arbor. And I'll actually be here for a few weeks. Lots to catch up on, both professionally & domestically.
Leaving Brookwood High now! And it's nice and sunny outside!
Looking for a delicious, huge burrito in #DC ? New spot at 7th and Florida Ave NE. Solid.
where have u been?
Big Shout-out at my boys over great people doing good things in the Dallas area.
Haha just read these...yea, thought you're tweet was funny! #crazy***bag
Agreed, Whitaker.
anytime before 2
Appears is getting to know me better. Have clicked "Follow" on numerous Promoted Accounts the past few days.
who knows.
If your eye is injured, you should always get immediate, professional medical attention. It’s simply the best way to safeguard your vision.
Headin to see tthe Chiropractor ! Your Favorite Promoter, Shocka Shock
u talking about joe from school?
Can you tell them you have an official school-related project? You do, sort of.
Your a guinea pig alright Hargreaves....hope your found up Tevezes arse you ungrateful twat.
East end. Maybe the Bench in a pinch. Plus, it'd be nice if they're open weekeneds and have longer weekday hours.
website is now up, but not good. needs to be refined. Anyone willing to help me do some basic design? Thanks!
Baffling catalog issue of the morning...who was adding item records to e-journals on our behalf? We don't even do it that way.
Your very welcome!! :D
O!!! Watching the regular show!:D
BlastFriday kicks off this afternoon in downtown
am not lol :)
thank you!! How are you feeling?
OMG. People at my school know who you are. You're popular. <U+2665> LMAO. And soon you will be known to the whole world. Believe~
RT : This quarter's VACEOs/Robins School Economic Outlook Survey has been sent to central VA CEOs. Last quarter's analysis...
Just woke up guess I'm not going to school
Before anyone brags about being a Pro Bowler they need to watch a Pro Bowl! HORRIBLE games seems like nothing to brag about.
Google Doodles - the fun, date-driven alternative logos located on Google homepage - may have started as a bit of a joke back in 1998
Is NBC seriously cancelling Parks and Rec?! Who are the morons running NBC?
Good day with my boy and my homies. Stony point tomorrow with everybody. Sweet.(:
During my exit interview today regarding my layoff ending a 36 yr career the thought foremost on my mind was whether or not to plug my books
#slpeeps Definitely "tweeted". I'd avoid the other word.
Fair,friendly Liberal leader
Just got a spam DM from Taylor Rafford. Since when tho.. I don't even follow her. o.o I don't think I do anyway.
Playing at on #valentine's day with Special guest will be sitting in with us on sitar!
I can already tell how this day is going to go...
Thanks Henry!
Take everyday to remind your loved ones that you care. Plant the seed of kindness.
I'd give that to Koscheck...
Lounging at the beach in Miami = an amazing day...
haha :D:D
Haha me too!! I'm always singing their songs!
Im sorry about that! But this quote helps summarize it "Here’s the thing with networking. It is extremely powerful, but it takes time"
maybe u, & me are on our own fault not being monitored by USGS b/c my windows don't rattle like that in a storm.
No. 1 factor in social biz success is company culture. #socialbusiness book has a culture assessment
not fair, u eat what u want and don't get fat! Lolo
RT : Last stop Mount Clare Junction
fantastic I'm glad your enjoying it, hey Wednesday you should keep an eye out for the new album
all you can eat mexican food mon- fri look us up at picososmexicanfood.com on yahoo
Damn man I'm startin to miss her n shit like damn
what the ugly fuck is this ??? #Quotations from who???
Just gave 4 ed tech workshops in Australia. Great place, but it is good to be back home.
I can already feel the tears coming down my face.
Guess I thought strawberries shaped into a heart on my sons's morning oatmeal would elicit joy not a shriek of terror #toddlervalentine ;)
How does Facebook not exist in #himym world? And you KNOW Ted would be an ex-girlfriend. FB stalker
TY! RT : it worked perfectly... No buffering or anything. The movie was ace too. Ill defo use the service again:)
iBooks Author app - Drag and drop media, word file, app scans for style/font, sections and lays out preview of book
next time try please press one for....f...two for....u.... they'll never call back
Concentrate on yourself & your genuine friends. Never lose yourself to ppl who only know how to talk shit & obsess about their problems
Thanks for sending me an ad,Troy! Unfollow.
LEARNING SOCIAL SITES ON XBOX
If this bitch don't back off my shitt....I MIGHT JUST DROP HER. Just might...
hmm, you may be tongue-tied by the end of the day. : )
I'll say something to you! I'm on the east coast... of course I'm usually not tweeting this time of the morning. :-)
Prob not a good sign if while fucking you're thinking "how will this damage us.. psychologically?"
"Using Pinterest to Market & Promote your Wedding Business" sounds like a great topic for #weddingmarketchat!
Mulling audiobook ideas for the drive from Brooklyn to KC. Thinking Gass' "The Tunnel," but suspect it would probs end my marriage.
That time u invested in being jealous of another's success could have been time spent preparing and working towards ur own.
I want to see if they are still a company in 2025 or whatever year that commercial takes place and hold them accountable
Great job at #bwela today Eric. great new tools
Theres no need for this.
i am great (:, how about you? Are you on spring break?
ok the site is back up
yes ma'am.
Y'all are missing out if you're not following this lady: RT A million dollars isn't cool. You know what's cool? SMOKING
in the spotlight..
Had my theatre cherry popped tonight. Amazing. I want more!
totally! We are long overdue for an Elvis/Henry play date. Happy holidays!!
Speakin of pig on Easter, #MegaShoutout to #SlaughterHouse! They'll be tearin down in OC tonight!
Just text her then....
I'll put it on the list, thanks! :) nom nom
#fundraising+you if have no answer after 3rd meeting take it as a no.
Sales and Marketing March 21st Luncheon. Learn how people make decisions to tailor your sales presentations and marketing to individuals.
On my way to in cleveland. Can't wait to taste this!
New allegations against #MissUniverse competition claim that Miss Angola falsified document to enter and win a qualifying contest in England
Saw a girl passed out before 10. YOLO
Thanks to everyone who followed I'd still be following anyone who will follow her.
When it comes to Fabian , it's a whole different world .
Don't forget, we will be closed for Queen's Birthday this coming Monday. Make sure you plan ahead for all of your print orders!
shit four overtimes im leaving
I only watch grey's anatomy because of Jessie Williams .. so fucking hot!
Miracles don't happen here
Bronx Pride Awards tonight. BP Ruben Diaz Jr. is issuing a Proclamation of the Day. Brainpower receiving a Citation of Merit.
Yes. I'm being a brat solely because of the fact that you are not giving me any attention.
yes please. I miss you!
lol ... ur silly. as if i determine the outcome to anything
I will be in Miami, FL over the summer yayy
RT : Oh dear. , save yourself from the BJJ madness <= So far, no madness. Just a lot of bruises.
Lol I taught my 4 year old sister to rap 2 of Nicki Minaj's songs <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Hold your head up, and you will go far.
Sending out some headshot/resumes to LA agencies...prayers are welcome :)
I like "put out, or get out" better. But yours works too!
she's LOCA
Going underground, now the circus begins
You have a great Friday as well!!
hey, what's your cannes programming roster looking like? have room for more short films or web series? is there a fee?
Excited about these belly dancing classes! finna move like shakira in hips dont lie..yeah :))
Out to breakfast with my momma.
May 11,1942: Nicolson: Ed Murrow says anti-British feeling in U.S. intense. Causes: Anglophobes (Irish, Italians, Germans, isolationists)...
looks like the browns might win a few this yr
frymaster suggested we get in touch - shoot me your info please!
Come see Kevin Farley at the this weekend, the guy is hilarious & tells some great stories about Chris.
Haven't talk to in a while :( sister
gonna make this an analog weekend, photo wise. Loaded up on px series film from + rocking expired fuji NPH 120. Whee!
shhhh! Don't tell. They'll eviscerate one of the few free tech moments away from ad bombardments!
#mke tweeters, who wants to do a #FlashMob for a good purpose? Lemme know I'll be there!
That boy sang that damn song. Woo!
muahahaha thanks for the laugh.
Today in 1991, Scorpions hits #4 with "Winds of Change".
Like my hat? HAHA! did a wonderful job on yours, I love the bow (:
Tip 1: If you are met in person, just make sure that you will be meeting in a public place.
looking like the weather will be perfect for an extended weekend at the lake house. awesome.
Cindy is now asking folks what they expect to get from the workshop
Stevens-settler colonialism prevails in America. British come with families to settle; French men come alone
I want this promo badly dam
ugh. that's last for me too. Scrubs on netflix is just too enticing for me to stand up and do it.
lol I don't want to.. you go to bed -___-
First off I wanna thank God for waking me up this morning!!! Second off I wanna say GM TWITTER WORLD!!!
bahaaha I will not be meeting u xD
Suck it haters! The Hunger Games win again!
How do you explain Twitter to your mum?
Don't judge someone's attitude until you've felt their pain.
thank you for taking time to do this while dealing with the lose of your mother, God bless you & give you comfort
Love is an emotion which heightens all others - and in so doing changes who we are and our approach to the world.
O - if anyone knows Tim's & the other niceyounglady @ Croce's tw handles...
talking about DPLA at #thatcamp #se everyone's a little bleary eyed but engaged none the less
is busy looking for his next opportunity. Who's out there?
no takers? Fair enough. I suppose that just leaves more for me!
Use your GPS RT : Im soo lost right now ,
Oh the memories! RT : #DD always takes care of me. Gracias !
no nigga, im peanut butter
I have NOTHING better to do than tweet #GetAustinToTheTop10 LOADS of times to make my favourite boy happy(: <3
Is selena going to the uk with juju?!?!!?!
thanks for the welcome. any offers for US holidays?
ipod touch
you are lame dude
sure followed :) follow back?
Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed people can change the world. Indeed, it is the only thing that ever has. -Margaret M
Hail 2 Pitt! RT : Good job tonight, Congressman, but I have some bad news. My Gators beat your Noles tonight, 6-3
is on the cusp of acquiring an actual turntable. Woo-hoo!
By way of rejoinder
taking it easy tonight - I'm doing the GMAT tomorrow AM. I'll prolly be up 4 something tomorrow night if you're around
Ah, it was! I guess that's what we call stepping on toes (no pun intended)! (lizzy - tweeting for Alma)
Word of the trip: fingerblast. Don't ask about it, no one here knows.
If you're #chaining right now you have #SWAG <3
Home sweet home in LA!
Damn some people do think they are hot shit...
Wow, the downtown (Indy) is closing. I seriously thought they might be one of the few that would survive...
Ha! Drinking and golfing go great together!
Nope, I'm a single pringle!
We were slaves - but now we are free. We should all take a moment to think about the people in this world who are not yet free.
Awe, thanks Bri! I'm hoping I do anyway lol
its ok though. that only means that you are different..and different is good.lol
a session with me up for auction I'm also on net flix Sensing Murder please bid
thanks for the follow
Is hanging out tonight w band guys 1725 columbia rd nw u could hear me sing "doctor A woman love or new song"dream of dreams
Great night with the man I love ;) I'm so happy to be home.
I would pay to see that!
I love having roasting sessions
Bravo to you (and your X-Men style left hand) for your wonderful Bach program at this afternoon.
#atxcouncil into pre-clearance issues with new maps
sounds like my kids!
Sounds good. Give me a call.
never before has everyone had a video camera in their pocket...
Welp. I'm bored.
what u make?
#FortunatelyTwitterIsSilent! ;-) RT : So sick of the RHONY ads... "SHE IS A THUG IN A COCKTAIL DRESS!" STFU
It's cheaper, the small people can't smoke, that's bullshit, close them all down
Don't be discouraged, keep your head up and keep pushing on
Takeaway 1 from #bigomaha: Being an entrepreneur means being on a rollercoaster going up and down AT THE SAME TIME.
The mini is jammed full o treats and we're cruising north to the Boston veg fest!
Day dreaming on a strawberry swing
Thanks so much for watching my videos...and for ur support!!! it really means a lot!!! :)
Also, this phone line is needed starting at 5AM tomorrow....11AM kinda isn't going to work out here...
o, that's rough. When you get the chance, take a look at the goal highlight from the SKC game and you'll see why I'm pissed.
Thank you! Glad you liked it. :)
No doubt. I review a video by CARAS regarding psychiatry and BDSM. Hopefully the future DSM changes that, when it comes out.
the #panopticon has bifurcated: the classic optical invasion & now the clammy gropings of the inner thigh. Innovation.
Poly recycling program rolled out at Avon today. The big brown box with green liner is for your poly bags.
Lemme guess no Austream today either?<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
J. Hilton: "DPN will be rolled out by critical mass, not consensus"
I am earning Supplemental Income with my Pets! www.PetFoodYouTrust.com
now for a fun filled day that smells like baby powder and lube. ;)
Making great strides on "Explore Fulton Market". This year's event Saturday, May 12th noon-5pm!
you ever check out Scott h. Birham?
just DO IT !!!! Live, laugh, love!
- We need to go --> RT: Devils Backbone Vienna Lager is my new favorite thing in the world.
Grab a Medium, 1 topping pizza and 12 wings for just $13.99 and be the hit of the party today. Special good all week through Sunday. Yum!
FOR ALL MY FOLLOWERS . FOLLOW MY NEW ACCOUNT !!!!!!
The U.S. loses 1.4 cents for every penny it produces. I'm not very good at math, but I don't think that makes sense...(CENTS! jokes!)...
My sentiments exactly. call me old fashioned, but if ur in love and "need" a 3rd person in bed, then it isnt all that loving
We've consolidated our hyper-local twitter action to one account. Keeping following our tweets at !
Will be on #lrnchat now, so expect some serious learning discussions!
cant believe we got all the way to ohio and went to the wrong place lol ..
#4WordsYouDontWantToHear; "YOUR BATTERY JUST DIED!"
: "Hey Danielle I just wanted to say great job on Portal. I just finished watching it now. :)” Thank you! It was a great experience.
Did they mention a pitch count/target for Pettitte before the game?
Really fun workshop with Melissa Messer of Dava Waite! Great Weeds scene, and fab feedback! Saw great actor friend Marc J Raymond too!
u really think twitter aided in any of the decision making today by UW?
Hate going out with my mom & brother. I feel so left out of everything -.-
try Just Dance with 2.5 lb ankle weights for extra toning!
We're gonna miss you as Ari on 'Entourage'!! : (
Don't Even Know If I Should Cry, Or Throw Dishes .
Jamie: "I'm HR director, I can do whatever I want."
Thank you Linda, glad to be of help. My page is coming very soon, so please be ready to "Like" it, I would appreciate it.
Me neither, at least not consciously ;-)
what a find! Hahaha
May you live all the days of your life. -Jonathan Swift
yes he beat their defense.... And I will keep rolling
I could live I forever 21<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
no, his house is about 10 minutes away from mine
want! Details!
Normally I fall asleep pretty quickly and easily. But last night, I was up until 6am. Seriously, I don't think lightbulbs should do that.
Technically speaking, I've never taken it in the ass... but I HAVE had my car towed in New York City.
Thank you :)
I hate when I'm eating something hot and my glasses fog up. -____-
Larry's Lucky Locals! Every Tuesday get $5 U Call It all night long at the Hustler Club!$100 Buckets of Champagne!Let's Party!
Conference play starts tonight! Rice vs. Marshall at Tudor at 7 PM.
I like peanut butter cookies and.... I'm not racist
thank you!
#Easter Weekend is Here. How are you looking?Come4New look! #Weaves #Braids Color #MakeUpArtist The 1StopGlamour #Salon #Oakland 5108321100
would be hard to not call intentional since off the ball...can't foul off ball in Nba last two mins
Here I am siting down. With nothing to do
Stop by for a slice of cheesecake on me? :-)
and what is the "equity" issue you see in Sacramento's situation?
Sometimes I Like To Go To Pawn Shops And Visit My Former Possessions’…
And so it begins.
Really Cant Wait Til School Over With Now.... Tired Of Seeing Them Same Faces Everyday Everyday
thanks so much Britt! :)
Breaking down or trading up? lRT : Breaking down and getting the iPhone....smh
thanks for stopping in, hope to see you again soon!
I miss my car
I just ACED my econ exam NERD!!
so cute! Love boxers!
Thank you!! Level is better now, and I am on two PIO injections a day. I will keep you posted on the test tomorrow! Thank you!
Shocker that the AL will beat the NL in something
But the rain delay coverage was awesome, especially talk about Rihanna's umbrella-ella-ella
Ah.. ok. I'll leave my flag up for awhile. Have a PSU flag for May but it's Memorial Day theme. It can wait a bit.
I had no coverage during the speeches (AT&T) but the signal is strong now. Social Media coverage would have been much more.
Team fuckin Bulls!!!
Hmm. I guess it is the exasperating part of the problem! Thanks for sharing.
It's official! We'll be playing at Silverton Cafe on Saturday, April 7th... Which happens to be Emma's birthday! Hope to see y'all there!
CANT WAIT !! Now boyfriend is going to be beast what I'm saying is BEAST ! I love you kidrauhl !! #swag 20
CBRE Houston has an open marketing position w/ heavy emphasis on graphic design & mapping. 1–3 yrs experience. Know someone? DM me!
It's week ! This national country act will be kickin tunes on our stage! Get your tix now! www.hornygoatbeergear.com
The Knot Cocktails and Connections 2012 Event will be coming to April 25! #Cincy #WeddingVendors - It's time to network!
Manchester United (& Wayne Rooney) and FC Barcelona expected in DC tomorrow night. Lioni Messi not expected to make the trip though
I'm not shy. I just don't like to talk when I have nothing meaningful to say
Goal achieved! On to bigger and better things
Thanks. Will let them know about this. Labs will yield #elit soon. So far we've been experimenting with social reading tools.
My school hates me.
MT : Tears of joy by many community members after today's #prideflag vote. Obvious that this momument means a lot to D3
OMG! Science and Math #homework is so easy!
road closures due to construction and an event taking place in gtown
fuck it's friday and i come home to trevy passed tf out on the couch
did you know the first sports bra was just two jock straps sewn together?
Today is much more quiet in the library... #SundayLibrarian. Catchin' up on post #DLS15 emails and prepping for the week ahead!
You too! Today is a good day for a trashy "throbbing" romance novel, and a massage!
you are right about that Gina miller very hot and beautiful!!! I love how she puts that all into sports also.
It's almost the end of the school year so *of course* now all the teachers want to schedule class visits.
"If you don't know where you are going, you might wind up someplace else." Yogi Berra
RT : In almost every country, married workers earn more than single workers. Why the discrepancy? Have you seen this to......
Just a heads-up: If anyone wants a PAYING INTERNSHIP next semester, Career Services is looking for Peer Career Assistants. I have deets!
dude u just got lit up by ol yadier malina haha
So what neighborhood will you be in for Empowerment Day?
#Preventative #healthcare is the best care! Better breathing and an improved #digestive system are just a few of the results you'll see
RT : Reading Understanding Objectivism: A Guide to Learning Ayn Rand's Philosophy (Kindle Edition) > Me too. Let' compare notes.
What & when is SLC?
ion think iquite evah loved a girl like ilove this one
I'd buy a couple pairs of those, at least.
You here again?
"shipwreck of love"
You're welcome :)
AH miss you to bebz<3
background music of the moment - Hospitality Tiny Desk Concert, very nice
Facebook is to childish that's why I stay on twitter.
Sorry I missed you, hope to see you at a WordCamp soon. :) Hope the Genesis Connect went well.
": Big shout out to thanks for puttin ya boy on much love!" I'm a big fan I use to watch mad tv all the time lol
Everybody is acting like the cheesy bite pizza from pizza hut is new, but I could've sworn they did this shit years ago
Mud bog at cadwells, 3 o clock :p cant wait gonna be fun
please no BBW's, OT on weekends, HOlidays and even some traveling is required, ideal candidate is able to recruit others
RT : I'd suggest clearning you calendar for 8:13 AM CST on May 16th when #thatConference tickets open. 1300 tickets will go fast.
Colts drafting targets for Luck. None of them look like bad picks, but it seems like they're fishing for headlines to sell tickets
Wondering what's in your bedside table stack of books?
we will get back to you within a week - cool?
NYE @ Opal !!!! 5HOUR TOP SHELF OPEN BAR ($80) FREE PASSED HORS D'OEUVRES & FREE CHAMPAGNE TOAST.... Why would you not come to Opal!?
#ESPN announces new #Poker club
She Fought her.. and did u take a video
yes I have. By the way love the tag fun, flirty and very dirty life... That's awesome.
Note to self that using crutches is a great tool to pick up chicks
watching steel magnolias with my mommy. :)
I know, but still a bit unsettling! Do you think there is need for concern?
played "Train Wreck" this morning on TN Mornings...Been up since 5:30, think it's time for a little snooze before my workout!
get cho ass home!
dreamt that had a secret preformance and I got to go :) !!! did you hear he's gettin back into it after his move?!
Flowers will fade, but the loving flowers which come from our deep heart will remain a long time. Deep Love is evergreen. XX
figures the one time I am not in ATL!!!
on this final night!! W/ hi
Six people coming for dinner and oven decides to stop working. Argh!
I just saw both of them. Haha.
too good for the pound sign, I see
Got a killer DP today. I'm really jacked!
please tell me you have some killer? Lol
HAPPY BIRTHDAY! Fyi, its b-day too. He tells #BBN where he's going to school tomorrow.
Why not?
must be bored at work.
Waiting for an "Obama/Osama" slip of the tongue. Freudian slip?
- Rahee Play To Much...
You have an accent?
At first dreams seem impossible, then improbable, then inevitable -Christopher Reeves
2.5 million young people now have health insurance because of Obamacare
RT : Amazing! Thanks
what is your favorite song to play? :3
Come out to my acting class this Tuesday February 7th at Pearl Studios NYC. The class is at 7pm and it only costs $20. It's going to be fun
just came back from the dentist and im feeling great <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
No probs. Love the song. Sometimes the writers at are not the brightest bunch but they got it right this time. LOL!
also a cut out all the nudity and sex scenes option....
the perfect tie in. I'm going to have to watch it again.
Thanks for the RT! We are so happy to be part of this!
“: tear it up tonight fellas.... #SportingAmericanHeroes”
thanks for the RT, Kim:)
You're most welcome. Glad to have you as a friend!
One day I'll have over a million followers like famous people do and only follow 250 people. WTF don't famous people have twitter etiquette.
On the #Tapas menu for tonight ~ Goat Cheese & Fig Rolls, Hush Puppies & Creole Mayo, Rasp. + Brie Phyllo Purses. Opens at 5:00 pm
doesnt live anywhere near there . (: we were In school .(Tejeda middle school) and she said we could walk to his house..
I'm not beautiful and i'm not a "Cover Girl " either
RT : Patrick Swayze rollin in his grave y'all
Just found our bread ninja. Holy crap, girl can bake! Folks, stay tuned for a twist on the porchetta sandwich that will melt your face off!
great talking with you too. Blog post to come about it soon.
Still getting brain from a thang, ain't shxt change. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
im looking for work but ill tweet asap
Just bought 3 more iPhone cases online. I should start a business
RT if you want to win ABDC:)
You're not a slut? so are you like...... a volunteer prostitute or something?
Nice shot, Paige. We dig the LV storefront, too.
You should see/hear my beagle when he chases squirrels. Like a true fox hunt!
I'm sure you can't lol
#ThingsThatGetWomenUpset - You're sexy as hell , but your DICK is Little. -Glenn Quagmire
#WhereInTheWorldIsHarryStyles Time to come on out now, babe.
Good Q RT : Interesting, there is about 1 female per every 20 men here Is there any meaning to that?
talking to you ;p haha
I seriously need to start using hipstamatic.
Trying to stay positive but damn 2012 has been TERRIBLE. "sigh"
When couples are cheesy and cute at the same time ---> (these weirdos)
Someone has to text first, and its not gonna be me
boo to flight delays!
Tonight's the night!! Let's go !
“: Tonight would be the night folks wanna do a jacuzzi night smh” lol
I need a certain someone back in my life or UK needs to lose another basketball game. Either or will do :/
#CCBW ! Excited for beer under glass tonight!
and u came 2 mind
Don, you didn't get to "Got to Get You Into My Life." It's a got a horn section! You'd like it!
Everyone go wish our singer, K.C. Simonsen a Happy Birthday! Our little K.C. is 21 today! <3
I get blocked trying to talk on here.idk y I try
This dude getting his hair cut is so weird.. Talking about everyone he met in jail
a yucky one <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+009B>
tom dugan told me to ask you any questions on how to air...
I am patiently waiting for the anniversary sale to start...what do u have ur sights set on miss tang???
#worstboaredgame hungry hungry hippos
yeah I think we'll keep him.
Just used a typewriter to fill out a grant application. Thank you County of San Diego for that historic opportunity. Now, go buy Adobe!!!
Good girl!
his name is Holden Strauss and its portrayed by Shane Coffey :P
Since gas prices are so high, we compare a bus ride to a car ride tonight at 10pm. Hope you can check the story out on WAND!
as long as I'm regina I'm okay with it
u right lemme delete that tweet
Procrastination is my worst enemy.
Ah, I love confusing unsuspecting Maryland car garages with my British accent. "I'm sorry, you what now?"
Took out my gaugessss.
The new "People You May Know" layout on is SLICK! Nice work.
That's what I think (Hope) about the Colts HC search too -- "Stealth candidate".
Do not try to corrupt my bands name with your ignorant assumptions, my band is busting its ass to release new music and further our career.
WOW just read up on some Season three shit for Walk Dead it’s going to look amazing.
Book a tour of AMOA-Arthouse for you and your friends! Call 512-453-5312 x104 or email to schedule a tour.
IT NEVER NOTIFIES ME WHEN I GET A NEW INTERACTION ANYMORE. WHAT THE FUCK.
<3 come to me.
going to see the hunger games tonight with the bestie!
I could use the volunter hours for scholarships.
I guess. He's a douche in my book.
I just can't believe it's been a year!
Diva till death yo.
Everyome around me is dead. so scared. hiding.
First #Texas field goal in 12 min.
Enumeration of Things Present
Tami picking on a girl that she knows won't do anything.
Sounds like she'd be perfect working in RMoney's camp.
Every man dies - not every man really lives. - William Wallace -
Got any Easter/Passover movie plans?
To Whom It May Concern: Live your destiny. Begin by being yourself. It is your destiny that only being you can accomplish. ~Shirley
ATTENTION 'S #GREATESTADVENTURE IS HERE!!!! FOR ALL WHO ARE INTERESTED IN BOOKING HIM CONTACT
Goodbye, blue sky
HA! I'm just naive. I figured it was some sort of special op to keep us safe...uhh...not so much!
Off to the doctor..
All You People Hatin On Are being really dumb & immature like foralll what the heck did she do do you? Problly Nothing! so Stop!
This just turned into one of those days that makes me regret giving up Di3t Coke.
Shooting on RED with steadicam this weekend-- acting, directing, and producing (not at the same time)-- it's gonna be off the heezy.
if u show feelings too fast the faster yu will get hurt
I'm off to the Royal Melbourne Country Club to do a Barnett Wine Dinner. What up Long Grove Illinois?
LUXE looks like penny land....
i miss you to, let's hangout soon! <3
le sigh
video or I wont belive it. cc
Rt rt rt ": I cant think of no bitch im jealous of ??"
TEst message
Do you still go to subway? :o
haha no hes just a good friend
Need a custom beat made?? Hit us up at
The meal of champions: Strawberry Lemonade and Honey Bunns
Very bizarre! I believe I'm receiving your emails - Having IT look into it - Sorry! PC
I think you're right!
Going to a funeral tonight. Keep that family in your prayers, please.
Ok Mr President!! #Scandal lol! This show is good!!!<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
1386 enlightened, enriched, and entertained
Haha, love the name of the song.... Hope to see more from you all soon!
Poor Fantasia !
Thank you to whoever was favoriting random tweets from my phone this weekend...
yes he is. I wanna marry him <3
Woah, lots of big news for one morning! Best of luck and do stay in touch :) cc:
I think drunk DMing would be fun. Ha ha ha. Our sober DM sessions tend to peter off.
what day homie?
Showed my GF how to play #baccarat. After the dealer deals 4 cards and immediately takes my money: "That's it?!" LOL
I like that track alot.
Y'all need to go n listen to the song from the RG3 Adidas commercial
I like the fact that my collarbones are kind of showing in my twitcon. Ah.
took the words out of my mouth.
Samuel Smith: Always a good decision!
There is so much sadness in those words.
If I say not to touch me that means don't touch me!
see u tomorrow!
I love jazz, but my neighbor playing it for hours on end is leaving a bad taste in my mouth.
Its all up and, things are lookin up...u good? RT : What up cuz!!
should be knitting. really want to finish this thing. should be sleeping. hrmn.
Diamonds are FOREVER...
Just your typical Thursday with a weird guy frat employee that doesn't talk making himself at home on our couch
Come see me play tonight in downtown LA at great supper club at 1st & Hope
great minds think alike! :) ^ag
Jesse Carrey-Beaver, sophomore from Carnegie Mellon University and semi-finalist, traveled to Israel with Hillel this past summer!
TGIF ! Woot Woot with Ross our famous Bartender! Tell him a tweet sent you!
I'm just glad cause we've been dancing a lot recently... #Oyoyo!
Up top for winning and for putting Aubrey in place. Hello.
also i dont make out or anything ]
I'm thankful for my boyz<33
shout out 2 my old followers
Any classical #GRAMMYNoms predictions out there?
you still looking for someone?
Midnight City.
Australia here we come!
Killa' show tonight at Fishbones- St Clair Shores, thanks too all who came out!!! LOVED seeing you :) now bed, why am I still up
AHAHAH that's the best.
A wise man will make more opportunities than he finds.
No one acts "the same" across situations. You've just described a sociopath. Normal people adapt to situational demands and norms.
That was some Eli Madden ball right there!
i never feel sorry for the douche
Mobile info lit is generally involved in faster queries, shorter searches
#theshutterfoundry with and Sharon-Levy right now. Sharon hands-on in #FCP and Anne with tips and tricks
"Hot Fuzz"
Never thought id have 716 followers :) thanks guys !
Number 1 song in the Burgh Wiz and Snoop-Young, Wild n Free
I got burnt by an iron you forgot to turn off... how ironic!
My family always gets me such generic gifts and I feel like I'm being ungrateful but these bitches don't even know me. -_- hurts my feelings
RT : No motivation, give me some.
I don't know what a sexy illuminati Jesus is...
Cannot wait to see you in purple and gold! ;) Thunder up!
soo, what *did* you ask for? :D
Hi Great thought. Thank you for share your views!
Thanks for the new follows and recent RTs! Cheers!
i miss ya girl :/
So. I wanna delete all my contacts out my phone and start fresh.
Hey, #measure peeps, I'm having problems on YouTube seeing multiple channels with the same email ID. tips? tricks? sedatives? help?
lol. a win is a win is a win! RT I'm not disagreeing that a win isn't a win, I just said it isn't impressing me
I am so thankful for :)
I'm always destroyed girl! #getonmylevel btw last night was so fun
Thought I did but I was mistaken.
You can give and give to some people but after a while of getting nothing but negative back you get tired of giving
Music is what keeps the oceans in motion! :)
I forgot my headphones in my car so I'm blaring my music out of my iPod tonight
Do the space aliens get lucky if the get a green one?
thanks Ann!!
Night-time jog, me thinks! Gotta stir up those creative juices
I'll be in Philadelphia Thursday to Sunday when Flyers will be in Newark. Should limit the amount of orange around town. Should, but won't.
Someone who doesn't have the balls to post a video of themselves singing is criticizing my videos...Hahaha. Funny shit.
YAY! Had no idea LWV was so close. I've been working down here 3 days a week for a year. how did I miss that?!
Anything new you want to share?
DON'T LET ME CAVE IN
I'm sick of everyone saying to be happy. I'm positive that I'm allowed to have a bad day.
I'm working on a new project that fills my heart with love warmth excitement & energy. I can't wait to share it with you!
Kissing is like drinking salted water: you drink and your thirst increases
Madison Pharmacy Associates | Via Center for Health Improvement- approx 50 million women are in menopause transition.
work sir ?
“ can't stay sleep”
I have to say its a weird feeling seeing people you actually know in this weeks flip...
Happy Monday ya'll!! We're off this weekend but Thursday I will be playing acoustic at Tumbleweed BBQ in Cresson 7-10! See ya'll there :)
website's working on my computer
RE: All Republican Delegates Are “Free Agents” & Unbound? Does that make then Free Radicals?
Help using Logitech webcam on Mac OS 10411 - Logitech Forums - webcams for mac
How many games should Metta World Violence get? (Taylor)
Big ideas are awesome, but the biggest start small - "Frighteningly Ambitious Startup Ideas"
Celtics lost. Lakers lost. Heat lost. LOVING these 2 days of basketball. Now let's go SPURS. Beat
Whats up world?
Knock out your workout earlier today with our newest class, Yoga Flow with Zoe. 4:30-5:30pm in South Miami!
Snow didn't stop the students or tutors from coming today. Glad to have 2nd semester in session!
how much is this ref for the NDvsXavier game getting paid? hes made 3 completely petty calls in 2.7 seconds of play
We'll be giving away Winefest 2012 tickets starting this week! Stay tuned.
Pacific Beach SURF REPORT: 1-2 ft knee to thigh high POOR TO FAIR CONDITIONS
Nice. I also would have accepted Teddy Ruxkingpin.
thanks for the nice tweet! Hope to have some more posted asap to help spread more brrrrrruah! :)
Still need to put your will in order? It’s never too early to think about estate planning and save your loved ones from undue hardship.
Follow us for tweets about specials and events going on in broad ripple!
No because i'm a lazy fuck, but i'm gettin one nxt wk bbz.
Launch phone to near-space for <$500. , joint space launch? Partner with students, schools?
Noted a in one of the poorest Brooklyn neighborhoods has the most full donations boxes ive ever seen anywhere
Happy April Fool's Day!
2nd Pick NFL Week #1 -- Ravens/Jets 36 Points #TakeTheOver - Jets D takes lots of chances & will get burned by Ravens O Talent
Dave Lankes - underlying pressures and processes explain future trends
Cher sucks, and it's like that because she wanted a quickie before the show
I gave her a follow. :)
RT : Dante organized people he knew into circles, too.
How can you, or anyone else, believe Murray St is not already in the Big Dance? They're a very good basketball team.
Had to find my trainwatching log book because I'm going to tweet about yesterday's trips in the 5p hour as well. Let's start with today's.
I don't feel like working out today. But I really should.
that whore,Isabellevanity is making fake rumors about u,she needs to die,or ill kill her,I know you're innocent,I love u Dahvie
How? RT : My Twitterfollowers growth service will grow your #Twitter following by a minimum of10,000 #followers per month! Contact
…and to think that you've only just begun!
Happy Mothers Day!
"Sometimes, you go into Lot 4 and take any spot you can, because there are so few of them around."
Remember, if it happens on Leap Day it doesn't count.
I try and try again to get you to notice me.I understand you may be busy at times, but please could i get a hello? :) Hi
I'm gonna buy Final Fantasy XIII-2, but I can't decide on the regular edition or the collector's edition...
go to LA Sweets!
Oh I have to see A Better Life, missed this one. Glad to see some non-English performances this year!!
u still running in the mornings?
I'm still sad from hearing that Ozzie Guillen is no longer a ! Sniff, sniff...
karebear's at my house today,friday,saturday,& sunday (:
Sing it like you're screaming at me.
A bearded lady on the subway just told me I was perfect. I guess I need to try a little harder from now on.
I do wat wanna do and say wat i wanna say #grownasswomen..If u dnt like>>>>>>>>>Fuck you!!
I'm scared to see the inside tho, my mom said the lady who was buying it wanted to paint the walls yellow and pastel colors rofl
My phone already is close to dying.
Free pizza today :30-where's
We'll be around today!
who cares? Still hilarious.
youre too awesome ha. i just hope he checks out my video and says damn this is dope lol. how was he live?
It<U+FFFD>s just a question of how high [the] volume [of] that conversation will become
This hallway smells like cat piss and foreskin. Wretch.
True dat!! RT : roll through Piano Man!
That sucks! In all seriousness, I'm sorry to read that & will share w/the bosslady,
“: Conservatives Against EtchaSketch Policies! >>>>Thank you so much!
Thanks for the Easter card Hope you had a fabulous holiday weekend!
Nice work on the videos! The #RealUnifi team was excited to see them.
Went to Peachwave with Alaina after school today. Had a pretty great time.
#stm2012 info platforms should be open and Elsevier is allowing developers create APIs using the SciVerse platform
I feel like doing something, but there's nothing to do.
Ill be live-tweeting and the State of the State tonight. Come follow!
Two households, both alike in dignity, in fair Verona, where we lay our scene...
One more day as a Minnesotan. #onemoreday as a
Love the brackets! I'm going to have to follow..
yea rite lol
Sometimes you just have to #makeitwork!
Waking up to the sounds of people having a place to meet online... This is too fun!
U got it! RT : Big thanks to everyone in MD and DC – what a way to start the night. Excited for WI results to start coming in
Besides that one Run DMC/Aerosmith track, was ANYONE doing the rap/rock thing in the early 80s besides The Beastie Boys??
you doing austream tonight?
I'm hungry. I hope there's something good for lunch today.
Happy birthday, Yogi Berra!
Well done #UK! Good to have the #NCAA back home in Lexington!
I had them muddled into a mojito yesterday at alchemy, which was delicious! They are also great in a chutney....
Stand a little taller.
I Can't Wait To See My Shortie Later On Tonight.
Great environment in Memphis. Game 7 is what it is all about.
my sister took my signed book and got a permenant marker and um yeah. So I need to contact management for a new one. :/
What would you do if walked in while u were playing bball and be was looking for a pickup game?
Lots of #MM's going out tonight at around 8pm EST! Thanks for all of the support family!
I'm about 2 hrs south - west of where the Oldman meets the Bow.
Waiting to meet Russ Feingold...
Good morning everyone!
Don't laugh at #badbehavior in your kids or animals. It's only cute for so long then you are stuck with it.
indexing awards, "Reflections on Wilson Award..", (Contributing factor: Index time-budgets have been rapidly shrinking.)
18 Days until the Season 3 Premiere of Pretty Little Liars YAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!
its about time the Pats got a break!
WWW.MYCRACKHEADUNCLE.COM GET THE MOVIE . TRHE SOUND TRACK IS GOING TO BE FIRE!!!1 MILLION COPIES UNIVERSAL IS DOING PART 2 SO BUY THE MOVIE
all day errrdayyyyyyy ;)
Haha! I would have LOVED that. If anyone can do it, Martha can.
back to old times annie
FYI - 21% of US High School students have used weed in the past 30 days.
I'm excited for tomorrow night. Whoo!
Thank you and sending (((hugs))) back your way!
What is your favorite game or activity at a baby shower???
forgot how great the sport of Boxing can be
Going to an open house soon
If you let me, here's what I'll do; I'll take care of you.
Thank for the follow! GREAT. Quotes.
!! This is how I define him INSPIRING,ROMODEL,AMAZING,ANDHOT(: follow back?(: your born to be somebody Jacob(: RT and follow
20 years ago today, the #LAriots began. Check OnCentral today around 3:15-- when the verdict was announced-- for Part 1 of our coverage.
emailed sara sikes and she said they are meeting 5/5 so need it before then if possible.
hey john what was said the other day on the BFT with the update on ultimatium from the blazers to comcast....?
why are you going to the airport?
“: Happy National Margarita Day! #Margarita” sounds good to me.
Well why you been MIA?
Ball So Hard U has a late cram session tonight.
Today is a cuddle weather kinda day.....
Salute to - They Got That CONTENT!
#NeverShouldYouEver Call Your Mother A Bitch
Goddamn. Falling victim to this new social media.
Squidward a bitch
I saw the space shuttle go up tonight from my house.
Potential means nothing if it's not realized and developed!
hey can you follow me please?
I probably should get up & stop the dog from eating that paper napkin, right?
Its fine if u dont wanna, just thought it might be easier than dealing w/ postal stuff, Im appreciative either way, lemme no
Rj was saying this trade is fair. Vick, Torrey Smith, and N. Washington for Eli, Nicks, and Cruz. He gets Eli, and N & C.
Snuggled up to just popped in a movie. The perfect way to end a Sunday night ;)
Telling people what is "coming up in..." a countdown on a movie is the dumbest fucking thing in entertainment.
the feelings of mine that you just crushed? No.
Mind n one place heart n otha
ODOT: HWY 101 south of Seaside open to all vehicles. Still 6" of water on the road, speed limit 5 mph.
What are ya'll doing today? (:
The Miss Universe pageant is fixed. All the winners are from Earth.
for commercial
Oh cool so they're going to end the season & possibly the show with Rebecca dying?
that ones not upsetting. It's just funny
one game and you already gonna jump?
don't hate ... Congratulate !!! Grandpa
Why do drivers in austin insist on cruising at slow speed in the passing lane? That would cause serious anger on either coast.
Grant Johnson and Ben Johnson met me before and then I meet them again and they don't know who I am. But I dont like grant, ben is my buddy
Xylitol mouthwash also gives a cooling sensation when you get it in your eyes.
thank YOU. You made it special for us.
michael ealy is soo fine ! his eyes are just a plus (:
Hanging with Bea eating candies and listening to music. Real wild.
Yeah you wouldn't believe the flows I can spit
Good morning Tweepies! :)
Last night was wild. Dancing at the bar and screaming Jet Black New Year took a lot out of me. Now it's nap time.
Truly.Gifted*
1 tweet after considering the future of printed books, I'm imagining how cool an e-edition of Milton w/searchable acrostics would be.
ATTENTION PPL!!!!!! GO FOLLOW HER NOW!! PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE! U WONT REGRET LOOKING AT HER YOUTUBE CHANNEL! SHE HAS TALENT!!!
I walk into the CRC and pick a seat and then the Rogue Feds Loons surround my compute and internet session illegally interface and halt work
are you ok
Have to go to fcat camp , then car wash (:
Don't yu just love when they guy you like texts you saying hey beautiful(:
Have a Happy and Prosperous New Year!....I Love You!
Can't make it over to Hamilton today but we should definitely meet and chat soon!
working on two different social tech marketing teams, teaching a workshop at Georgetown on Friday -- its busy and fun! thanks!
Addicted to the Marvel FB game. Shoot my face.
I wake up confused most days
Sad to say, but I think Starbucks may actually have the best coffee in Canton. #entrepreneurial opportunity anyone?
Hey , thanks for the 6 month subscription to ! Can't wait to check it out.
This is true, even Tom Brady agrees!!
life looks tough in the pic!
Lets go
going through other bloggers' Mother's Day photos, i realize we are not normal for what is our "dressed up" threshold.
yes, I'm not putting too much stake in their reactions. Still very excited to see the film.
When you blow bubbles you can see them reach the sky, then like your dreams they'll fade and die
All My ladies on twitter say Hoes, all My Hoes on twitter say Ladies
ARTISTS!! LET US TAKE YOUR CAREER TO THE NEXT LEVEL
Dang we know lots of people that could already have their phd! LOL
Lindsey Lohan has gone from a cute/pretty girl to what appears to be a snarling nematode..
everybody is getting a new space!
driving with my dad = <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
Sons of Gleeon?
The festival keeps gaining momentum and we are being recognized as a great show every time! Good for JOsh JOnes!
We discovered that...88.9 has way more music.
Maybe they read your column detailing an agenda that is adversarial to theirs. Nicely done.
sheesh should of never went lol
what?! It's a valid point. I'd doubt they want that hashtag turned into something else ;P
It's funny how some guys talk the talk but can't walk the walk
can i have a shoutout please!? xox
Great 1st round match for the young American. He showed a lot of promise for the future. Roddick about to hit the court
i cant help it :(
she wont make me one of each ik have a friend over and we r prob gonna have like pancakes or something
he'll be doing that in LA next year after the fire Mike Brown after this series with OKC
Branham High School! Project 143 will be out in the quad at your school tomorrow! Stop by!
wasnt my fault.....
If you don't have the #taximagic app yet, download it for FREE at www.broadwaycab.com. Perfect for any smart phone! You'll be glad you did!
I'm off to handcraft an Artisanal Peanut Butter and Jelly sandwich paired with a locally sourced, fair trade, Coke Zero.
good times Gotta love a good bear or 5
Well. Thanks! ;)
I'm off. NIGHT! love you all, keep following us please <3 we follow everyone back!
great job on Dr. Phil. You're a great role model for kids and adults. Should've gave some of those parents a HOP
im enjoying this tweet fight.
"I'll have what she's having." - When Harry Met Sally (1989)
Can't believe i got my first dog today! Blue nose tiger striped pit! N she's 5 weeks!
let me think.......nothing really, instead of wasting people time its nothing.lol
#Salmoniseverything Great collaboration; impressive how oppositional perspectives find some common ground to move toward change
you're funny Candy haha jkin
Some days your the bug, some days your the windshield.
I hope they have siblings named "Wrong" and "Left"
LOL! You still can.
these would be for my Clark Kent persona.
I AM YOUR BEST FAN IN CHILE, Follow Me Pleasee oh Please ! :D :D :D 33
Standing at Duboce Park watching packed train after packed train roll through. What's a big girl like me supposed to do?
oh my god. I am obsessed with both Beardsley and "Salome," so that sounds like the paper I would pay to write. Can I read it??
Is that a see section scar
Every set back is a set up to an even better COME BACK...
maybe you should stop tweeting and hold onto something LOL
Well I just got back from a brick-and-mortar with two crisp, new paperbacks in hand. Take that.
RT If Yuh Want A Solo Shoutout!(: (Must Be Following Me)! I'll Pick Winners!(:
hell yeah i want to go. ah
So ready for this summer tho ;
I always feel reassured by a small earthquake because it lets off pressure so we don't get a huge one. (theory contains no actual science)
Sorry for not tweeting!! I've been at my dads tha past week watchin my baby brother!! SO to tha Celtics for tha first sweep in 2011!!
argh...West Seattle ;)
Just shared about at our #NSTA presentation! Such a wonderful web 2.0 tool. Can't imagine teaching/presenting w/o it!
I couldn't figure out what was going on for a minute! I was like...wait a second...I know that person!
New song comming This Week (:
How about a $5 bill in your boxers instead?
I need a vacation, and the money to go on it...
+1 ": I'd say band = cutscenes. Story can be integral to gameplay, even if not essential."
amen to that brotha
wishing i could go to one of 's concerts. *le cries in a corner*
Whose your fav on
I'll be driving around Austin tomorrow collecting clothing items & food/water donations for #CentralTexasfires , I will pick up your stuff.
Thanks! Hope things are good with you too!
come by the booth later today so I can introduce you to our CEO.
Happy Earth Day! What are your Eco-Resolutions for 2011?
ring your mum and tell her you are hosting a rave and want her to come along
And now I'm out.
Who wants to study for the sat tomorow???????
That class was......intense....lol
Delicious breakfast with and at the Egg & I! Yum :)
thanks sweetie :)
Good stuff! #HealthyIsTheNewSexy RT : Great day for a run with
R.I.P. ~ Jim Marshall... You created more Rock than anyone & I ... Will miss you!
Movie Quote: "I just want to say One word to you. Just One word... Plastics" which movie?
Had THE BEST DREAM EVER last night!
Schilling has taken the mound at 100 Innings of Baseball in the 95th inning with a 91-85 lead. Gehrig Schilling, that is.
Did you read the expanded version? I didn't read either.
In case you are not moving nearer to what you want in sales, you probably aren't doing enough asking.
im giving it a try:)give me a share www.reverbnation.com/rufar0
I have a dream…
The stocks and gallows are looking a little barren this week...should have picked ME.
and i do not want kids
RT : I gotta get up witcha....lets chop it up sometime soon! Let me know when u ready bruh anytime I'm down!
This breeze is everything!
Finished reading the book and saw the movie within a day. Plus I snuck food into the theater. I win The Hunger Games.
I tried calling Jenny, but I didn't know her area code. 867-5309, ha now you have it stuck in your head!
Smells like an E. Conference finals preview. Who wouldn't want to buy tix??
Solid outing by Tomlin tonight. That's the way he has to pitch all the time!
Anyone else consider Rapid Government action an oxymoron?
I don't get it: All of the things Kaufmann defends are programs that render individuals LESS dignified. He has it backwards.
Spent the night cleaning vomit off my son's crib - an experience I hope never to repeat
Big shot Bradford Burgess with 2 threes.
Can't wait for my romantic weekend getaway! I planned everything myself. :-)
Welcome to twitter
Ha! which one is that? Jerome from SE?
I have the best girlfriend in the world <3
Try saying the letter "M" without touching your lips... Frustrating
Judging by the fact that Acarno froze himself in water, I feel justified in saying that Raz is smarter than him.
Post office + holiday season = bad idea!
Lady gaga is fascinating? I initially missed her creativity and artistry and the satirical edge. I'm inspired
follow back??
Our newest adopted pig has just discovered her voice. She wheeks so loudly that her little ears fly back. I love it.
Got me thinking about the "graze nuts" portion of Eddie Murphy "Raw"
Thanks for reading and the RT Justin!
Mariners, yeah.. but how bout that Cespedes bomb?
"Where Are You Going?" by DMB #nowplaying such a great song from the Busted Stuff album, no lie.
Uggg I'm going to be early to interp
This dont make any sense them always changing something. As soon as we get use to one way, they change it to something else!
ass 88 times in his song Dance
Thank you so much to all of my followers. I appreciate you so much.........exciting and interesting people!!
Just got my new phone which means new number only if were close hmu and ill give it to you
yes my sister Amy is still playing and singing, but mostly in private. :) she will be happy to hear someone asked
anyone else have the body aches? no other symptoms yet but my legs, joints aren't doing well - is this the start of some virus or cold?
It is widely know that bazz received upwards of 500k for signing with UCLA. Money "hidden" through shoe contracts.
"want a s'more?" "some more what?"
Email us and we'll see what we can do!
#LasVegas, what stores would you like to see us #CashMob = Sending a LARGE group each with $20 to spend at that store on a set date?
Thanks for the follow. I'm fascinated by place. How does AK show up in your writing? Seems to be an inspiring place.
i need more followers before i can follow anymore people! #teamfollowback help me out my boiii
That cow appears to be blowing exhaust into its defuser
: boom! Did it pretty girl!!
#FollowFriday Follow for good info.
why didnt you go up to him!?hahah(:
ima make a song called reggie bush
oh! You gonna DVR it?
You know, since you mentioned it, Steve, I just realize the RTs are missing from old TD. New TD is terrible.
What can ya do? It is What it is.
Yeah so basically I'm in love with and I'm just sitting here waiting for him to tweet me
What a day!
LOOK LOOK LOOK,! Me! c:??
#sschat I do this too but not until after we watch the good ones...!
Work widit ... Nicely medicated ... Got my xbox got my Jane ... Lez make sum money yoo Aaha
#BLOCKBOYCEOSHAWTY YA BITCH RIDIN SHOTGUN ALL ON MY DICK AND SHYT..NUMBER ONE DRAFT PICK
one out of three ain't bad.
Rehearsals today -.-
so please, don't forget to call, & let me know you're doing just fine.. miles & miles away from me..
Im gonna wait for my time for austin to see the past tweets i have sent to him and follow me. I hope i will happen someday<3
mand evac starts 100 ft from our house...including us. Sitting tight for now. Bridges closed. Winds est to be 60-80, rain to be 6 to12 in.
oh I've started to read twilight again. I wish I could read faster so I could be far enough to really get into the nitty gritty. I love them
Yeah the pay is real good and it's easy. Hopefully getting a bartender shift or 2 at their new place next month
I may make people angry, but I didn't really like Micheal Jackson enough to want to watch 24hrs of people crying over him. sorry.
Great to see you. Can't wait to see you on my TV soon!
Going to sonic fallow me
hello world! i't my first tweet.. :)
Wouldn't it be swell to fix our economic crisis? Music, physics, sports, tech, travel, spirituality, love...so much more fascinating. Stop!!
I love scary movies.
you doing anything today or just resting at home?
Today in 1986, Chernobyl nuclear plant exploded in the Ukraine -- it was the world’s worst civil nuclear catastrophe.
Get all th #Blackhawks #Flyers reaction in one place- WWW.USSportspages.com
I keep tryin2splain that veganism's logical endpoint is testtubemeat,more petroleum&GMO based crops&end of organic but...sigh
RT Tweet this if you are BIG BLUE: I follow and I am #allin for the Super Bowl!
not sure what that is, but it sounds yummy
Friday the 18th!
IV. Thou shalt take thy protein pills and put thy helmet on.
Gm always chase my dreams !!!!!
How's #bdnt these days Boulder?
I'd really appreciate a few days between the end of finals and graduation. Enough time to say enough goodbyes.
Summer class officially canceled. A little bit of music camp teaching, but looks to be a fallow summer income-wise.
Rain sleet snow sunny, Slow motion no nothin move but the Money
We have same debate in reggae. Ppl argue over authenticity/skill because they want their opinions validated by the "best"
Will someone please inform the #WallStreetProtesters of the drastic differences in #capitalism and #socialism!!
please follow me
Outside with Seniors all day.....LORD HELP US!!! Lol fun day though
#brand synergy means developing and communicating your company's values and identity consistently
Happy New Years my love!!! Wishing u the pinnacle of success in 2012!!! :) xo
#quotes You look for stars. You look for the makeup of artists who can have long lasting careers and who could be headliners.
: You should come to Amped Up!
Something there is that doesn't love a wall, That wants it down. -Robert Frost
RT : Pop two Xanax and Panic at the Disco becomes a tolerable time at the disco.
you shall
Pop Music and Sunshine? #DevilsFood and #CarrotCake? This bakery has GOT IT GOING ON today!!
How do I complain because I tell u how it is and tell u wat im not gonna do? Damn these ppl don't know me!
Im going to try to will the hair on my face to stop growing.
does it have to be a movie? If not: every episode of The A-Team.
people are a l w a y s in my business. they always gotta fuck something up for me when im happy..
nice picture...I just bought that shirt!
make it mp3
im not the boy you used to see
Be still young heart.
can you send directions to your house to my wife?
That's what's up now you and that bitch can gett JUICED UP wit Meech Dogg JUICED UP on youtube...
Speaker(s):HubSpot's Eric Vreeland, and Billy MacDonald
Ahh well just got back from the mall, Its INSANE out there!!!
Ball don't lie.
Auction Systems Auctioneers &amp; Appraisers Inc., to Host Marathon Auction Featuring Confiscated &amp; Forfeited Property
True story #RT : #cancer tries to fit their partners mold of the perfect partner
Thank you for the mentions Jodi and Garth
Better luck on King next year maybe I'll let you borrow the crown some day
Oh.. Maybe that's what happened to me too then. O_O
Scored a free drank at simon's. Vance is da shit. Bow down to da mayor, I'm royalty bitches!
welcome>>>>am doing great>>just thought it would be nice to say hi
I know terrible to have those client meetings at 1 isn't it? The one yesterday involved a long drive prior!
dude don't party so hard, be cautious.
Thanks, it seems to be a hit overall :)
um what
Good music.... What more can I ask for?
Beauty Research: Avene Solutions for Sensitive Skin
crying all night, drinking all summer.
In case you were wondering, I can fit over 200 shoe boxes in my car. , stay calm.
The mind is a creature of habit. :-)
no seasick.... lol...what was the baby on fireworks? Lol!
Computer works now. Not to its full extent but its usable.
see i dont care for glam & i dont live for fame im in it for the love of the game!
There is no singing anymore, everything is yelling and shouting and rapping and that is real boring to a guy like me. - Bach
I was a cold dude, I'm getting back to my waays.
Hey ! U r invited 2 a "Scoot-Up" at 2p. Get on ur scooters & hit the halls! Music provided by Best trick wins a prize!
Umm how do you handle news like this???? I thought she was supposed to be a blessing but if its true why would god do that to me?
watching the boy put new breaks and rotors on an explorer
From the heart of hell, I munch on thee!
follow back(: mahomie4lifee
MUCH much higher. ;)
Don't miss Incubus performing LIVE 9/13 w/ guest Tickets on sale , Box Office (M-F 10-4) or call 800-745-3000
sorry we didnt have time to catch up yesterday when I was in. I hear #cq5 made quite the splash @ our booth for
if you give me $5, I'll take them.
In the last four years, 137 children were reunited w/ their mothers at , resulting in savings to WI taxpayers of $691,165.
he's locked in his room like a loner
Nobody expects the Spanish Inquisition Grammy
Are you going to the party tonight? Loved your talk. Would love to chat while you're here.
Lmaoo!!! ima be bck out the there next friday
I was more concerned that if Internet goes out then I would have to walk to work tomorrow and it is just far enough to be to far.
Great to see the blogshop on twitter. Highly recommended for other writers/bloggers. Advice is priceless.
u calling me commie lover? Now that is amusing. See if u can get to 400 followers by your 12000th tweet oh wise one.
As soon as I turn in Pandora the first song I hear is no hands..
Gov. Scott Walker tells AP he plans series of recall ads with real people talking about his initiatives
Wakin up early for work is a hassle but the good thing is I get out early! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
Go #Browns !
So Wall-E is happening. Office chair /segue? Ugh.
I also JUST discovered how awesome kale is. I think I should probably just adopt a few more cats and take up knitting.
where you will almost certainly get stranded, later writing a memoir about how you and the rat passed the time
no way, she's outgrown them! Especially with her own talk show in the works
Okay but you have to pay me the second time! hahaha! Having a look now. :)
The mocha frappuccino that brought me at 6:30 this morning, was probably the most delicious thing I've consumed in months.
“: I only found out recently that there coupons for certain meds. I was very surprised #latism” Thx Sal. I had no idea.
RT“ being faithful is really not hard!”
I wish my neighbors would shut the fuck up. Ohmygod
you're totally a perv lol
RT : Fact: in '07, 18% of #publicschool students attended schools their parents chose -- up from 12% in 1993. Via CEP primer.
Hehe, "enterprising", eh? Thanks for tweeting! I hadn't seen it.
Hi John! Could you give me a call today about the HawkCam? I'd really like to talk with you. Thanks! 916.932.1343.
I wanna lose 50lbs first b4 I start lol
It's wanking.
Just had a little #font conversation with Feeling pretty cool.
If your looking for someone to blame, call our competitors. If your looking to end the problem, call us. Better technology, better attitude!
Pedagogical practice is an impactful, replicable teaching practice/strategy.
hope that misspelling was intentional
Ariana is adorable, flawless, kind, talented and absolutely amazing. All the haters out there know its true, they're too scared to admit it<U+2665>
Looking for something unique to try this week? Hit us up! We are at 1138 Bethel Road in Columbus.
"Where there's a will, there's fashion" -Alicia <U+2665>
#Gators up 4-1, top of 9th, one out. Insurance run.
I had to keep a record for posterity. And it took place during our brief nightly phone time, I promise :)
the new Bob Marley doc was a pleasant watch because of the subject matter, however very unremarkable film making.
that's right, we'll be right on the lakefront thanks for reminding me. It will be good.
I Heard someone talking about when you see auras, you see colors. I said, "really? I thought that meant I was just dehydrated."
furniture shopping on 14th street and i want it all
Damn what a series
I miss Jim! And you! We were all wondering WTF, which clearly didn't bode well.
Next speaker: "This park officially closes at 10pm. Some of us will stay here indefinitely."
yeah. I can't thank him enough. It's amazing. I'd love some training tips. And hang this week for sure.
R.I.P. James Arness
no, i do not follow random people
sorry to burst your bubble but I didn't make that quote up..it's from a website <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
I *really* just wanna lay in bed with my kitty. But I have so much planning to do today. Storms make me so unproductive.
What kind of mission?
you're albino
With my free time, I like to water board squirrels!
“: Pumped to welcome to #bmore tomorrow for an interview!!” Awesome, what's the interview for?
...I sure am glad you wore that dress it reminds me of the night we first met."
Sounds like we need about 1.4 mil retweets/yr RT : RT to show that we don't want to leave!!
thanks so much, Jim! “: Congrats on new position in Chesterfield. You da man!”
u look hot
Hey, #SportingKC, if we could wake up and get into this game - that would be awesome.
Working on my new shorfilm! And this time a might have a producer and a production company onboard!
UGH! How do u expect #startups to accrue votes if your site is so Un-User-Friendly? Make a simple VOTE button!
someone needs to tell Mark McKinnon to cool it with the scarves in every outfit he wears.
As a daily user/browser/drooler over your site and apps, congratulations on your 3 #Webby win!
Great photo, Peter! Come visit us again soon
Any facebook friend who comes in between now and 3:00 today (Wednesday) can get a Horseshoe and fountain soda for $6.00.
"Students are focusing on challenges that receive minimal media attention..." then lists the most important issues in our community. Smh.
which ad is in second place?
probably but not sure yet. Hit us up and see.
And cold, it's always cold here, can't wait to see season 2!
Or mention, which ever you prefer. Gimme that new music!
The importance of #poweringthepossible training shared by Armin from ACS - skills help ACS clients to succeed & get their foot in the door
Working after staying out til 5 am<<<
Hehe! Just stole the TV to catch the 2nd half of #Glee. I'm so sneaky...
yo we be following !!
#cfaleadercast Magnificent talk by : her experience and leadership. Dr.MLK's dream speech was entitled"Normalcy Never Again."
it's 70º!
Speechless. Feel so terrible for #Mariano. Life ain't fair. If that IS a career, I don't see how it coulda been better.
lol I think I should play gm as I told you months ago, we should try and get luke r, I retweeted just so u can remember u told me
how come more of your matches don't turn into giant tickle fights?
Fuck blackberry and iphone and smart phone. Its all about frog wireless lol
I'm just tweeting whatever.
whats in a sonic screwdriver? ?
Chasing the sun.
Man I have been so busy, I got some frames touched up and flame retardent on it's way for my booth.
Colima Linda Apartments.... Spacious apartment homes....... Stop in or call today.... 858.279.7410
Nice man!!!! Keep it up
ok I guess we will go see you!!
Tonight spoke about the #arts important role in society & their impact on lives. You are an inspiration, Mr Spacey!
I love how Alabama beats only one good team (arkansas) but is the 2nd best team in the country. Only 1 loss? Yeah, but who'd they beat?
no you don't :p
checkout the undawareness group page on facebook. search "undawareness" and you will find us. help spread the word about our pink panties.
aw yea.
The Black Guy
My heart has been twisted apart. And I fell like i'm sick.
FOLLOWED :D
I feel like I'm giving birth to a poop baby
yes, ADA parking is in Lot A
your real fb
ah, the good old days.
We are all #42 today.
I know and he has
is you ever see this please follow me! :"D that would make my freakin year! puls a mountain dew me shirt
Happy Birthday bro!
LET'S GO! MAKE SURE Y'ALL ARE FOLLOWING and ! THIS IS ONE ARTIST YOU DONT WANT TO MISS! CERTIFIED! RT
come on blazers!
Surely! We'll keep you posted about the 'new' iPad in (about) two weeks :)
oh me either lol
I just thought it was funny
": On PTI, Tony Kornheiser endorses Anthony Davis for the 2012 Olympic basketball team". That would be so GREAT.
P.S. I love Zumba! I have a class tonight at 5! :)
One day Til I see you and two days till prom!
they are on a plane. this must be a delayed tweet...
Yes sir!
this was a good try but next time we gotta start at 3
I hate losing my bids on eBay :(
No problem
So somebody hacked my fucking Facebook and changed my fucking password, thats cool...
Tapping my eyelids open.
I'm just trying to enjoy the moment. :)
I hope so!!
UGH!! I can't upload a pic!
RT : wins another award! National Newspaper and Website of the Year from the Society of Prof. Journalists. Congrats!
Count me in!
Loved Hunter Mahan's swing at the Houston Shell Open. So pretttay, so prettay!
Everyone remembers that they need to be at Mie N Yu tomorrow evening at 6, right? Drinks, food, swag bags, cake and us!
It's a Frank Sinatra kind of afternoon.
Avengers was the shit hulk went in
Thank you for the kind words but Gio does all the hard work. He loves all the fans of Oakland and will continue to say hi
just sitting here, at 6:30 am, waiting for the French Bakery to open. 30 minutes to go.
when I write district b14 I'm coming to you
Check out Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind?
im sorry im bored and I was just playing with u lol
Someone gave one of my works a lukewarm review, and I was still glad of the notice--even a negative review is dialog.
ugh I didn't know yu was doing summer school,I thought yu were staying here,what day yu coming,me yu& terri need to do lunch
MBA Session 2 begins today in Bangkok.
"Man" in Court today screaming at a clerk that he shouldn't have to be there on account of a toothache.
Would love to interview you. Where are you?
Councilman Gates: the baton has been passed to a new generation of leadership in
I have been told by four people now to read And so I am excited. Hi, Jenny.
Thank you!! I feel so hopeful and relieved. Score one for the Mexicans!! LOL
RT : You become what you measure. - Neil Young
No. RT Check out "GANG OF ROSES 2" with Amber Rose and WIZ & on VideoOnDemand Today!
I give you props on that. Most men would never admit they like Coldplay.
miss you!
Nicolette and Nick go to the same school. That means Mikey Nick and nicolette will all go to the same school in 2 years. MOVIN TO NJ
oh I just love doing homework all day.... NOT!!
Congrats! So awesome!
I agree!
Just came across a poll - Android - 42%, iOS - 13%, and you say the IPAD is POPULAR?!
Hybrid notebook: Google Dictionary extension is not working on ...
-Finna Go Ova My Cuzzo House To Watch Dizx Fight..!
Big day today cant wait
shooney not that nice to me... u buggin with that
I'm watching A really sweet movie. <3 idk the name of it but it's soo god
Wait let me slow down cause theres snakes in the grass and their slowly coming out -here thats my favorite part :)
I'm laughing to keep from crying... Ugh
Ugh hate these red lights.
Someone just called to ask if Id like to be a grad assistant. Sure, Id love to make $10/hr to do your slave labor! NOT.
if your record of the year isn't a pop record, adele, what is it, pray tell?
Seems as if engineers and the CAPS LOCK key go hand in hand. Just my observation.
I don't want to start moving around yet.. I got no sleep last night I'm dead tired... This blows
12 minutes waiting and the session never went through and expired. Really hope I can get my hands on a ticket.... lame
if the people are misled , misrepresented and misguided there will never be a solution....soo many ideas
Speaking at Penn State today with Landscape Contracting students! We are Penn State
I feel you on dat . We gotta link up.
flea market. Montgomery. its just like it just like a mini mall
U can always tell what Musik folks listened to the Most BY THEIR POLITICS, -Dr. FUNKKNU
Game of Thrones, HURRY UP!
Thank you lady, likewise, you all have created a powerful film. Blessings in all your endeavors!
MT Mario Williams back on site 24 minutes ago
Good time w/ crystal gabe & kevin .
I need new music suggestions in my inbox like yesterday. *smiles sweetly* thanks. Lol
Giants or patriots ???
I heard that ah Fat Joe lost 100 bucks on a bet with Jay Z.
#ASECS12 Speaking on "The Apple, the Grape, and the Orange Crate: Snappy Fruits and Pungent Poems for Rectilinear Environments"
twitter >>> facebook now connected :D
God is soo good!!!
T.G.I.F! CHICAGO LOOP OFFICES! Order your Monday Office Cake in the next 30 mins! And get FREE delivery! WWW.HAPPYCAKEWILLTRAVEL.COM
this show is going to be actually amazing. #8thweekworkshops! you should all be there just cos. but be warned there are so many emotions
Today is Haiti's second anniversary of 7.0 earthquake. Still close to a million Haitians live in tents.
Thanks a lot man RT : Congrats!
Just hit 5 million reads on B/R. Thanks so much to anyone and everyone who's helped along the way!
Great speaking with of ClickZ this morning. Kate, your time is always appreciated.
Yes! Well done!
Just pointing out that one of Bill Schroeder's fears is saying the word "rivalry." What the hell, Rock?
ELIZABETH WARREN discovers she has Native-American,African-American & Hispanic Heritage & she's turning Japanese.
Happy new year "guest house", enjoy.. Bbq pork belly and shoulder. Dirty rice, asian slaw. 2012...
Lol!!! Have you heard EunHyuk voted our Siwon as the least attractive member!? *scoffs*
Man damn I can't even go to the party
Wu Yifan is a fucking dragon. Don't mess, his bitchface is... /sexy/.
not sure where they found it but i will let her know that I need another one and ask if she can get two then i can send to you.
nigga we don't take ass kicking we give it out
Should've stay home yesterday. My body is hurting. Gonna get sum z #sick smh
My mom hands me money and says just because.... I instantly think it was because I'm sitting here looking stupid lolz
Rocking out to KZEP. This station is really growing on me. Rush, U2, Judas Priest, Zep. Yep. Saved on the dial.
omg yes! n his cute little smile at the end<3 :)
My calf muscles > your calf muscles
Even though I rep Boston when New York is out of the playoff. It's just east cost love
Generous? Really? you're also kicking me out tomorrow night!
you should have just started screaming that at them. :)
I didnt know the old Cavs played tonight
MTV Movie Award Surprises: Can &#39;The Help&#39; Beat &#39;Hunger Games ...
Virgin Galactic's Isakowitz: drawing on heritage of to open space like 707 did for aviation
Out of ALL the things in the day,I find talking to GOD at night the BEST.
take it like a man you big baby!
I love it when ppl blow me!!!
I just posted about twenty photos on Instagram (:
& they all speak greek so I have no idea what any of then are saying & its so annoying I'm like wtf I speak english!
I remember you :) !! Best song ever !!
“: Announcer calls Brayden Schenn "Sheen" and the crowd here goes bananas.” GO KINGS!!!
Look for the announcement of Spring Press Tour coverning 7 States for her debut CD "This Is Where I Wanna Be"
Naw, I was just asking what you recommend. Not why listen to it? I get that. I rock a lil Boukman Eksperyans from time 2 time.
"well-a, I don't know! Why don't cha check the yellow pages? Missin person's add or sumtin!"
All these Quirks are awesome! Keep "I'll Be Quirky" Going! Tell us your quirk and you can win a $100 Gift Card! Tweet
It seems my iPod(which just died) stayed alive long enough for me to watch 's latest episode of Majora's Mask. :3
never fear... Your will be done
Watching So You Think You Can Dance and dreaming of rum raisin ice cream
Damn I love my close potna sister slash mentor at this Ty love u girl let's get this money nigga!!!
Heading to OETC, guess I'll slide my way there!
what's this now?
I was surprised by how long it took to recover from jetlag. Is TX as hot as Vietnam?
How We Do by Rita Ora is on the radio right now? WHAT GOES ON! Love this song!
Enjoying a wonderful day with at
I call that incident more as a magical moment in time.
Gilbert: we rationalize happiness w/ children; they destroy other sources of joy, bt we remember kids as great bc of few transcend moments
Thanks so much! We love helping JHU and each other!
Forget all the reasons why things won't work and believe the one reason why it will....*
Gordon Gee pompous? SURELY YOU JEST.
keep up the good work. The sixers are a great show, best family atmosphere in city. The ice package is the best deal around.
Happy Birthday Sweetie!!! I hope you have an awesome bday!!! <3 <3 <3
July 3rd at les deux is cancelled and may be changing venues.
iknow rite... He follows other ppl.. But us... I tweet him tellin him to follow... But iguess he doesnt see ett.
I want to cook Pad Thai for ground sloths.
Plane tickets purchased! Heading to the East coast in a month to play Stone Pony for Light of Day - Asbury Angels and Rockwood Music Hall
Joshy! thanks for following THC-Housing Families, Transforming Lives! Lookin forward to tweeting w/ u!!!
Great San Diego SAG membership/holiday dinner/meeting last evening with guest speaker Ken Howard, National President of Screen Actors Guild.
It's always fun waking up with swollen tonsils... Strep throat time!
Got my map of DoorBuster deals all ready. My mom is crazy enough also to do this.
Everybody knows Im not a morning person , while you trynna get on my bad side this morning. I dont know
#LAKERS strike first!!
So excited for #Revenge tonight! such a good show!
Happy Thanksgiving to you all! :)
Thinking about walking to school from now on -_-
Not looking forward to classes on wednesday..
I bet Talbot touches himself with his own tears tonight.
Going to the Port Charlotte mall
Life isn't about waiting for the storm to pass... It's about learning to dance in the rain. <3
RT : Long run tomorrow morning!!! 8 or 10+ mile option. Give us a shout if you're interested in coming with!
This weeks flavors at Pittsburgh Popcorn Co are: Oakland: Chocolate Pretzel, Spicy Bacon Cheddar, Salt 'n Vinegar!
indeed. Looks fairly smooth there for most part.
waning autumn moon/ gently summons sun to rest/ lingering kisses
I just wish I could have one chance to change your mind
Those would cost you $42.
It's so hot .
It's that the best reply u can come up with? I have 2 words for you COPY CAT
Well said. I learned that lesson a little too late in life.
If you are willing to attend and pass a driving school, there is a great chance that the case against you will be dropped
I'm gud jus wanted to shout u out yung blood. U in the O fa gud?
Meant right sideline in that last tweet. Sorry I don't know my left from my right.
#ILikeObamacare because I get to be on my Mom's insurance until I graduate from law school. Saves me from having to take out more loans.
sorry I've been spending time with family
I love my new haircut!
Finished Dr. Who latest series. Loved DT & especially Freema Agyeman run. But honestly, not really feeling it. Much prefer Star Trek & BSG.
Bron has edge bc of size, versatility
Rob, so much going on! How are you??? Matthew
that's awesome! I used to be in the conservatory of music for percussion. It's a great program good luck
Spending most of the day teaching or practicing yoga, it's my last Sunday living in NYC. I like the early morning quiet.
Thanks. Followed back. Hope our site is of use to you. Great to connect on twitter. Tweet on!
the hell with em!!
One of the major things that truly matters on the journey of life is the company of those we choose to share it with.
lol let me know my theory is correct :)
Agree awareness is critical before you can begin. Defining the new culture starts the change process
#3WordsForYou Get your bitch
Today I was reminded that that are a lot of BS acting teacher quacks in LA.
Shooting a Rally Car race this weekend in Bemidji, MN!! gonna get some portraits and action shots, should be pretty sweet, looking forward …
love your blog. I love Billie Piper also. I have all the seasons of diary of a call girl!
When were you at our office?
That's some fine base running there, Lou.
#Truth!! RT : Even in Alexander O'Neal's heyday I would have declined an offer of being in his brass bed...I'm just saying
Please change your password. Getting spam from ya. XO
EVAN ;P what's up? Haha how's your tests going?;p
Innovation: How do we create spaces where hunches collide w/ hunches in surprising ways?
Work/Family balance lesson #32-When present, BE present. Partner gently reminded me this morn while I was working on the laptop, in bed
Yesterday is but a dream, tomorrow but a vision. But today well lived makes every yesterday a dream of happiness, and every tomorrow a visio
> when your job description include laughing at your bosses horrible jokes that aren't even understandable...
I'd literally be lost without him...
Fair point.
Bummed I'm missing out. That mix was good.
I agree!
We have enough religion to hate each other, but not enough to love each other.
I totally missed that!
As you go throughout your day today, decide what you stand for and let your personality represent it.
If I don't make it out of this storm, I'd like you all to know that I, Shaun Church, am awesome. Thank you
Good luck runners on #teamnevernude! I'll see you tonight,
Amy Senser is about to take the stand in her own defense.
the future looks fantastic for miss mimi pink!!!
does Jeter have 3 more full seasons left in him?
I made a dance team and I found out my friend was a stripper All I could think of was I have more experience and somehow youre the stripper?
I love your work... exciting and inspiring!
Name Change
I can wash your car wednesday around 8:30?
wanna go see aziz ansari in orlando?
New York Bound! Had the best break ever, I've never enjoyed Bombay so much. My family, friends, maid and the heat will be terribly missed!
Thanks ! , when are you headed back to DC? And do you ever play w/in Middle Schools? Do you want to?
Looking forward to a new year of busy film making.
going on a science camp trip after promoting from 5th grade because I was number 1 in the whole school
Watching Idol & thinking about the many times in life I hit the wall and had to decide if I was going to pick myself up and go for it again
I promise to be a little faster on reading them, I've been traveling down a wrong road and trying to find the Uturn sign
is a fast driver
Well I'm still gonna convince my mom, whether you want me to fucking go or not.
Just finished reading Hunger Games trilogy. Should have waited until after seeing the movie. Bawled my eyes out. Still sad.
It's official, is my roommate this upcoming fall at Bellarmine :)!
You're welcome! We watched last year's episodes on Netflix and I think DVD's are coming out after next Sunday.
Book editing treats me pretty well. I'm loving Evil Plans, btw.
yes, they KNEW! See ya tonight!
I've never thought smoke breaks were fair to people who choose NOT to have a nicotine addiction. Can I get an extra half hour off?
Which do you think is better?KFC or Mcdonald?.
come see us
Market to the masses dine with the classes. 8 out of 10 Americans drinks coffee.
Two Cal Chamber board members resign over Whitman endorsement. Claim too much politics involved! You gotta He kidding me! Too partisan!
yes you'd be fine!!
"And I smoke so much weed like what the fucks a lung." #YesIKnowYourLyrics Lol keep it real man. Love from
i am trying my best to make a show on Saturday.
Bummer RT : North Korea says there will be no change in its politics or relationship with South Korea, despite new leadership
ok! Try to help us get some people to follow us and I will send you 2 drinks!
Just mowed my lawn w/o gas and jumped up and down 500 times like a boss.
Are u saying Jess Palmer is not a breeder?!
I love you more <33
If everything is moving to "The Cloud" then what happens if it rains?
": You've seen a tractor go through a drive-thru. #smalltownproblems" snow plowers all the time.
HEY BITCH , FOLLOW ME AND I WILL FOLLOW U...
I have approximately 25 mosquito bites on my body. Thats ridiculous. I'm never wearing shorts again.
just doin' some hw and listening to , 99% Invisible :). You?
I saw Uncle Phil from Fresh Prince out and about for the second time since I moved to LA but in another hood this time. Just sharing.
Don't ever tell someone they're not with your time over an email. What a dick
What should i wear tomorrow to school?? Hm :/
this kid right here...my best friend yeah thats right.
LOL dang, please accept my apologies mister big ass superstar. i'm new to this thing!
Blues vs Kings always makes for some fun.
lol love you too bitch
I'm officially a bumbling idiot boss who can't figure out how to do the simplest task my assistant always does. When's her vacation over?!
Today is day 2 of recording drums at Castle Ultimate in Oakland, CA with Zack Ohren!
Thanx, you too sir
"What we wait for:/ the willingness to be forgiven/ to rise up clear in those we love." Sally Ball, Dissolution
Super excited to get tweeting again!
Even from the upper deck of the Yum! Center, Jay Wright's hair is memorizing.
World Bird - BirdBox Company at BirdBox Company
I miss,you massively!
Trust God will do what is best for us. Usually what God has in mind for us is better than what we can imagine for ourselves.
Listening, once again, to the perfect imperfection of Tom Waits tonight.
you could be the king, but watch the queen conquer.
To everyone who needs "just 5 minutes" of my time today: Sorry, but I have officially run out.
Watch ESPN Gameday with the WI Badgers v. Nebraska. Huge game. Or watch the Brewers playoff game. Big sports weekend in WI.
Wash DC Cherry blossoms in full bloom, pink petals swirling everywhere in the wind like snow, collecting in drifts of pink icing. Beautiful!
Ask Me A Real Question, You'll Get A Real Answer
awe thanks, I am glad I didn't either <3
Akaya Windwood, president/CEO of Rockwood Leadership Institute, is about to begin her conversation on leadership in 262
its impossible to get noticed by but i knoe that it will happen #SOMEDAY so #NEVERSAYNEVER 57
please consider posting on Thankfulfor.com - it will track all your "#thankfulfor" posts and you can post to Twitter/Facebook
It day was a long long day
Happy Martin Luther King Day!!
I can't feel my face! Lol just got done at the dentist. Don't you hate that feeling?
dope avi Duke
broccoli? who puts broccoli in mapo dofu??
<U+2665><U+2665>Man... I know I gotta get up early tomorrow... But I dont wanna sleep. Im just gonna put my iPizzle (iPod lol) on until I fall asleep...<U+2665><U+2665>
Funnel clouds forming...
Grant applications, success stories... Donate at: www.baldfacedtruth.org
how's everyone's weekend going? y'all doing ok??
Breaking: Rep Anzelc starts talking and little man sez, 'dad, I don't like this part'
my cousin Alexis is 11
lol your little saying sounds funny . It reminds me of some Chinese food :P
Proud of you Delvon! Make them come true! Hugs & love! RT : Just Landed in LA lets turn this dream into a reality
still having time problems
I went to grad school w/ a woman who is high up at the Landmarks Comm. Not a fun time to have her job.
damm wiki! I got misinformation!
thanks, I'm looking forward to more third ward at catalano square on wednesdays and thanks again to for the shout out!
thank u :)
what's good
Everytime I hear that song, it makes me feel good to know someone like you. GN :)
My teen does too!
New york times, a cup of coffee, and sun is out, starting off the day well
Good Luck with Super Saturday
so...i didn't get a phone call.
this has been an awesome match! getting to watch the great 1 #Federer play :) I love #Tennis!! :) thank u #IndianWells :)
lol I will just not at this moment .
Aw, hell. Just gonna get this "Tweet Number 10,000" the fuck outta the way. (I don't tolerate transitions well.)
I see great things ahead for you my dear!
Got my blood test results. Vitamin D Deficiency. I feel the only cure is a tropical vacation. :)
High school Rodeo Championships coming up in May.
Cville is fortunate to have resources like and . Provided us with great ideas for implementation of future projects!
The best part about an afternoon #Brewers-#Cubs game on the radio is that it doesn't create a conflict with #Caps-#Bruins this evening!
Wait.. Is Char on Bad Girls Club Mexico?? I thought I seen her.
Filming a series of promotional and informational videos for a client today to be used on their website!
I get more action from my long-dead fake band on MySpace than my Google+ account.
a very productive week ahead!
LOVE IT!
damn.. I knew I was forgetting someone!
N I got it smellin goo
SO TIRED
Thanks for shopping! Did you find what you needed?
Avoid the lines at the door and get your Pre-Sale tickets for $7, TOMORROW IS THE LAST DAY, click here: fpac20.eventbrite.com
thanks! We're totally going to hang out when i get back to NOLA. Not just because of #ff. its time.
because you're a fearless bastard who's not afraid of salmonella. ?
we have similar goals, I help by teaching folks how to use their bodies for a better quality of life! Nice to meet you.
I think negativity comes from out in the state. Noticed it since u picked up lex affiliate.I think ur Lou fans are happier..
Axl Rose will not attend the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame induction ceremony this Saturday. Can’t tell how much I was looking forward to it 2
I have a stuffy nose talking to my tables :(
Bye Gladys! A class act. She did her thing!
Does your business need a jump start or new marketing ideas for 2012? Check our our seminar Jan 26th 2012!
Have to admit that I've never been a Beastie Boys fan, but I've got massive respect for MCA and his hard fought battle with cancer. RIP
I keep hearing good things about "Dark Blue". I'll check it out..thx!
Dying. Less than a minute.
Man, I hate being sick.
Good to see folks having fun at the VLP library!
I'm not planning on getting married anytime soon, or ever.
Haven's Lyrics Tho >>>
KEY to SUCCESS: Form a right-sized plan. You can’t take everything on at once: you need to prove value.
Just finished "built to sell" a must read for #Entrepreneurs hoping to one day sell their
What is with all the Patriots dropped passes?
RT : Advertising is built on the hope that if you interrupt culture enough, you become culture yourself. Good luck...
I'm a smart person... I just do stupid things.
Everyone here dying for more curators next year *hint*
My baby girl graduates today! I am trying my best not to cry!
- great set of pipes you have there! I'm such a sucker for good harmonies :-)
Today and Tomorrow ONLY 30% off all Manicures / Pedicures with Jeannette!! Includes shellac services!! Call now to book! 520-577-8953
Can any of you other business owners or marketing folks recommend an online media kit template?
What the hells up w my phone I go to crop a pic & it freezes w wheel of death & then goes to my lock screen #didntiphonesjusgetanupdate??
you'll be coming on the 10th right!!! I'll get a pole if I have to!! (kidding!!)
I've actually never seen Titanic. But I think I'll check it out in 3D!
-smiles back- I love you Cody :)
Good habits are hard to develop, and easy to live with. Poor habits are easy to develop and hard to live with. Choose your habits, wisely.
5 grocery stores. Not one fennel bulb to be found. It's official. I need to move.
Urban Librarians Unite is starting a new era of library advocacy and activism.
By 2050 1 in 3 Americans will be Latino. I'm at a multicultural media forum in NY. We're sponsoring & bringing the entertainment ;-)
Lol lemme stop on my last tweet <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
I need ya e-mail address...
That awkward moment when you think the teacher is looking at you but really she's looking at the person behind."
Got my fix, and ran into mother. Again! See her ma'ma more then I see my good old friend.
So I want to do a good body cleanse. Any recommendations??
Slacker Radio is blowing up my shit.
Hey Gapers Block! We just sent info about our new Chicago-based app, , to Andrew! Looking forward to hearing from you!
And you aint ever gotta lie to me :o just keep it real what evers on yoh mind speak on how you feel !!!
MLB.tv and flipping back and forth. RT : #Mariners and #Braves are on at the same time :D
Yea, and verily, sooth!
You should!!! I've been thinking about it, but they just don't work with my frizz. I love long hair and bangs though.
RT : Why will I enjoy this weekend? Because I just finished & emailed the final edits on next book, Write Like This. Due in Oct.
RT : #Leo's will always be different - that is why they were placed on this earth
Florida this summer :)
Uhm yea Justin needs to be on my tv like right now.
Oh man... touché. Nice.
Cant teach old dogs need new TRICKS :P lol
Are you confused by terms and acronyms your HVAC contractor uses when talking about your indoor comfort system? Don’t be!...
writ8550 Body as text...
Knowledge is blind without experience
Any update for me?
It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light. ~Aristotle Onassis
Well, I'm going to invite you right now. But you're in my circle of friends. We'll see how much you use it. :)
heat cause lebron made cleveland cry like my steelers do!
thank you!! <U+2665>
Sign I'm a nerd, #37 - achieving Staples "Rewards Plus" status
you are spoiled by
Birthday shout out to the best Uncle ! My Uncle Myke ! Always holdin' it down ! #46 Love you !
someone should tell the Pacers that rape is a crime.
RT : QR code on a TV spot? Really? Absolutely! You can grab the # of viewers.
8 degrees Celcius in LA = Yikes!
Sounds fantastic! Thank you so much.
1250 AM WSSP has interviewed Friedens Community Ministries. We will be on air between 6am and 8am on Sunday March 3rd.
If I won the mega millions, I'd set up real life Hunger Games.
Jokes about German sausage are the wurst.
are you in the office this afternoon? I'm heading back Into town from Stanford.
Congrats! RT : Welcome aboard Mr. ! 's new Exec. Assistant. Congrats!
<< Breakfast pic..Yummy:):)
No they won't. Haha. I'm glad you can brush it off. Good for you.
Why the hell is it only Monday?
Let's lead off with a good question. #educators, what does #literacy mean to you? Many here mention cultural context.
Love is in the air, I hold my breathe until I'm purple.
Not waiting for something to happen, knowing I cannot be TAMED by him!
Hahahahh what?!? Only in Philly... And Indy RT : Seats going for as low as 5 dollars for game 6
I miss you dolls the moment we part from just hanging out.
Whats the website for the VIP? I think I have the wrong one...
I hope santa didnt get lost on his way home
Pre-show promotions are vital to lead generation. Be sure to send targeted emails to your top prospects and clients.
I miss when I was little. . . I used to love taking different flavors of medicine.
AVENGERS TIME---with NORWEGIA & MALIWAN--Its going to be CRAY!!! :)
he will. someday soon. :-)
Proud Alumn here!
#PLANKING PLANKING IS HOW THEY STACK AFRICAN BODIES DURING THE MIDDLE PASSAGE.
I'm 158.8 lbs. According to WW i should be btwn 124-155. I'd like to get around 140
I wish people would realize that there are a lot more important things and battles going on in the world than the petty shit we complain
Hey, interested in producing short films? Follow back and I will explain the opportunity
Thank you so much for sharing! We appreciate the love =)
Glad u like it ;)
u wanna pretend to get freaky? ;) lol
You can't judge a book by its cover, but you can definitely judge a hotel by its bathrobes.
like I said,
As I should know by now, I go to the faculty board with the reports I have, not the reports I might want or wish to have at a later time.
Looking forward to Bloomington Aces and Allies walking in Circle City Pride on June 9th in Indianapolis, IN!
i walk into my church & everyone is wearing Chargers Jersheys ? haha.
Keep repeating myself but #VSFashionShow!! Oh man those wings. Have always 'secretly' wanted 2walk that runway ;) And PERFECT(:
nice article!
Im hitting a coffee shop tomorrow for a few hours of screenwriting.
(jen) I think the hardest thing to do as a writer, is let go of a really great idea. Sometimes it just doesn't work in context of a project.
Just finished reading Who Is He To You by Monique D. Mensah. Review will be up tomorrow.
What do you mean everything is silent .... I'm waiting for YOUR MESSAGES!))
We are introducing yet another new song into the set tonight. You probably don't want to miss that!
Great chat, everyone. Have a great weekend!
Never gonna happen
Not saying he isn't good, but the point of the game is to score and there are plenty of players that have done that better
u rule
7th grade Mr. Harwerth, good memories (:
Wanna judge this year's contest? We'll have a limited # of FC/FS judge seats for sale. Email/DM to get on the pre-sale list!
Run 3 days per week. Perform cardio everyday and you will be so lean, you will kick yourself for not doing it at first.
RT : We've got 2 pairs of tickets to give away for 's #fieldrecordings on 20 Mar, a kind of musical ghost...
Trying to help my new iPhone load all these apps - Frustrated as Ever, LOL!
Ill be back, and if I run into you, I will not hesitate to go and punch you. And cut your dick off.
Shut up, Foucault.
hey man thanks for following! :)
i love food.
Noway! She's the diff between a #real #artist & a #marketing tool.
My ex keeps trynna kiss me lyke dude ihave a new Bf already
Amazing win by celtics. Ray-ray baby Boston taking over playoffs. here we go, see you Tuesday!
we didn't make it, the box office was closed! Too late.
Electric toothbrushes have been found to clean your teeth more efficiently. Do you prefer a manual or electric toothbrush?
I don't think people realise how annoying broadcasts can get
just curious.. when your getting dressed in the morning what the hell are you thinking.. that dosent look good..
Turn passive customers into active, #brand #engaged ambassadors through excellent service & a #loyalty program. Let us help!
That's what we're here for! RT : 3pm trip to is saving my life.
I'm raising hell tonight
wait? You don't have a blog. I thought you did!!
Just re-watched Gandhi. If you haven't watched it, or it's been a while, I urge you to watch it
"This is actually a question from Twitter..." Touché!
Its all fun & games til them gay girls all in ya box!! Lol
Washed By The Water might be the best song ever created.
RT : There are two things in life you can't pay too much money for: #greatcouncil and a
yo i heard yall were having some candidates over. ill bring the salsa
Watching glee in English...please just shoot me. <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
Almost time. Couldn't be more excited
dood, literally just got stung by a scorpion.... no bueno :l
You have it...use it. Please don't advertise it.
Stoked by the unbelievably POSITIVE response of all our fans on the pick-up. We'll make the wait so worth it!
I swear my dog gets so pissed when I smoke weed. Its like he knows i'm sinning.
Thanks for the follows today!
Dont be.. Foot injury after going to Okalhoma to run a marathon. Got back to Portland. No gym, no work for two weeks....
Pitching tents, met Tobacco Tom and Kenny the Comfort Man
It's almost lunch time! >> RT : Stop by our Store Front (4638 E 10th St) for a LUNCH SLICE! 11am-2pm
Now that the Obama #SSM news is receding, might I suggest following as it live-tweets its sale to ? Meta...
About to go to wal mart
Welcome to #21CRadio Thanks for joining!
Giovanni's for lunch, then furn.shopping..
"Swag" Please follow me i followed
Im not addicted to any drugs, being in love, And spending money but Im addicted to being happy. && Those things jist make it easy for me.
U2 LP The JoshuaTree released 3/9/87. May be the best U2 LP ever:
I'm looking for distributors that specialize in amusement/water parks. Any referrals would be appreciated.
thanks for the kind words, you rock!
OK - The Glam Team has the new blog up! Enjoy my queens! \^^^/
BLESSINGS to Mr. Jobs wife&family. They shared his genius with the world &for that our lives are better & we are truly grateful.
no fuck you give that back
What did the Dr. say?
Please Checkout and add myspace.com/inthestarrs AMAZING band and song writers
Fascinating discussion going on as old people argue over the meaning of "animate outside agency."
:) I just remembered.....I now know why IU lost to Kentucky................we weren't watching it together!;) lol
RT : At #Kork in Downtown Miami...what a cool little wine bar. Great cheese & meat platters.
"I got a firm understanding on the minus and plus..."
I cannot wait to get a spray tan tomorrow
I'm Deff porned out for the day!!!!! Wheeee what a workout with the Neighbs!
I'm good
me to
Document every tweet, etc and do crisis post-mortem: Where/when did comments start? Were employees ready? Who defended you?
SOMEBODY JUST KILL ME PLEASE!! I DON'T WANT TO BE HERE...MY LIFE KEEPS ON GETTING WORSE...only 3 impossible things could make me feel better
On my way to church
I've been off the grid for a while. I'm back.
Creativity is thinking up new things. Innovation is doing new things. -Theodore Levitt
Nba tommorow finally seems like we missed alot of it but dosnt matter now!!!! Its game time!
What kind of restaurant are you looking for? Fancy? casual?
pleeasseee follow mee! It would mean the world to me! I love you! :) <3
That'd been my thought as well, but it shows the Cubs are playing the Cards today... Imagine my confusion...
I heard Jurrasic park... I mean Terra Nova is being axed... how about a show about
I love listening to Taylor Swift, each song is like a mini story from her diary :)
- i want to join you at 20 Lounge on a Monday morning...you have a good life!
School was amazing! :D It was The best feeling ever to see my upperclassmen friends hah :P and my friends too xD
Low fat means high carb and low carb means high fat. Low fat and low carb means tastes like crap.
Gods greatest creation: WOMEN!
yes been there, book pink slip out in May
I love yee pops
our PDX in two words has gotta be: Soccer City
quit yelling in caps
REAL BOYFRIEND = Calls u, Loves u, spends QUALITY TIME wit u, Gets jealous, Claims u, Argues wit u & 5 mins later says "I LOVE YOU" babe ;)
great job on article/interview.Do you have more pics of me from that talk? can you email to me please? pjudge at pjudge dot com
Cece is too cool
Driving with the windows rolled down, listening to country music
Got me some new kicks at the mall yesterday.. they are awesome.. hot pink and black.. I love them!! On my way to church... tweet later..
Hi, I played the pharmacist yesterday & just wanted you to know how much I enjoyed your words! Keep up the great work.
no american idol finale party this year :(
Use your gifts RT : "Laziness is nothing more than the habit of resting before you get tired." -Jules Renard
aww ur video was so cute!!! Go Giants!!!!
But reflecting on Badiou's article today in Le Monde, can any left victory possibly be an anti-racist, an anti-colonial victory?
But that doesn't even matter cause with you on or off the bench, you guys are STILL losing..
Hating working on Saturday, seems like the TV always ends up on some kind of NASCAR race
hey nobody told you to do that Motown Portraits pose sis lol
you should follow me i would laugh so hard.
When everything seems to be going against you, remember that the airplane takes off against the wind, not with it. -Henry Ford
eat , be with my family and wish u a good new year
Ish is a scary hitter.
I am a blog, and so can you!
Out of nowhere, daydreaming about some sort of gourmet pretzel. Wish there was a pretzel truck in #Chicago!
Looking forward shucking and jiving 's Cosmic Cocktail Party Tonight! Find us on the 3rd Floor & Learn about #Local !
Long day today omg I feel so great bout how relaxed I am...
#AlexLovesUs well not as Much as I do PLEASE FOLLOW ME PRETTY PRETTY PLEASE
"One more time I was pickin my nose" lol
Thanks for sharing your Python PPT. As an absolute beginner, I found them helpful.
The guys at my school have NO swag.
jinx breaker!
Cant sleep
I'm not a Gleek, but last night's episode was very good; made me go back to the Streisand/Garland duet, just so masterful & poignant
Fuck around and get fired cause of twitter
FINALLY WATCHING THE BTR USTREAM THAT I MISSED AS I SIT ON A HEATING PAD RESTING MY BACK! YESS!
By far the most exciting 15 minutes of this vacation was when I saw a Llama and a dude slinging an AK by the side of Highway 26
sometimes you gotta keep your head high, and your middle finger higher
Rowing. But first must extricate myself from the pile of snuggling animals.
#ItSeemsLike the world is such a horrible place and everything is stuck up and out to get you!!!
What time is it? Time for a beer is the correct answer
Thanks and you too!
All I'm sayin is this miracle bra and tank top are making my boobs look huge!! Now I know what having cleavage is like...
I highly recommend it. “: Should I buy P90X?”
Between all the cool stuff happening with SNAP and chairing my first panel, #saa12 is going to be the best ever. Can it be August yet?
is ready to go on a trip...
The worst part about today is I can't figure out what I want for lunch
Do you think Paul Pierce will ever Tebow (now Piercing or Truthing) again? Maybe tonight?
SexTip: Ladies, always remember that he loves when you sit on his face. A "Mustache Ride" will do your body GOOD!
Glad to see you and at
*emerges from editing cave* Wow. What a day. Got a TON of work done! Now to watch DVR shows and catch up on tweets. Huzzah.
Bridlewood is a must-do. Gainey and Firestone can be good too
Are the boys gonna be at the 2012 Billboard Music Awards on Sunday?
Thank you Ryan Braun for some offense.
i love you all....<3
It's Christmas Day! MERRY CHRISTMAS TO ALL! :) Enjoy this beautiful day!
Today was a good day .
awww that's awesome! Thanks to you guys for helping that buddy out!
The snow has arrived. And once again, people seem to have forgotten how to drive in it. But it's awfully perty.
Thanks everyone for the follow. glad to share this exciting opportunity, keep an eye on www.coupondeal.com, nothing else make us happier!
I can live without you but without you I'd be miserable at best
happy birthday <3
"Move fast. Break things."
A3. re: analytics: I do informal calculations on potential reach as well.
I'm gonna try to go to bed by 12 tonight. No more staying up till 3am studying and doing homework crap
Perhaps you'll find our prayer-app useful then www.birdofprayer.org . Hope you find your peace soon.
I should have remembered to ask you. Thanks for the info Kelli, appreciate it.
Kind of happy right now <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>.
Stutz Artists Open House this weekend. Yeah, it's happening.
Narrow-minded people can’t entertain paradoxes...
RT : Good things come to those who wait, but great things happen for those who hustle. Believe that... F
Thanks for the follow. We're definitely fans of your #art Paolo.
Don't forget - if you hoard food you have a disease but if you hoard money you will be quite popular.
That awkward moment when you don't know where to stand to pull your wedgie out without being noticed.
My sister just called her kid her "Brotha" and it reminded me of you <3
New milestone in the fight for disclosure of corporate political spending - today we broke the all-time record for public comments at SEC!
Ah, the eBay gamble! Be sure to leave feedback...although I'm not sure how much feedback matters on eBay anymore.
so does mine. :) lol
Just dealt with a cockroach from hallway (took it outside). Now, in spite of hunger, I think lunch will have to wait until kids have music.
Yay! Thanks so much, !! You guys rock. LOVE THE APP!!
Unfortunately, he lives with my parents in Utah, so every time I'm home I get as much Logan love as possible.
Will do lil' bro!
How are you today Liam?(:
Use the compass of compassion often.
follow me UR amazingly talented and absolutely gorgeous I live you fam. <3don't let other people get to you UR better..
I would try to put you on blast but that won't help me in the long run...it will just make me look like a #lame nigga!
We assumed "Gil Scott-Heron show at " was just somebody being ironic.
Haha when your parents stare you down with every guy you talk to
Nationals 19-year-old OF Bryce Harper hits his 1st ML HR, for a solo shot over center field wall off Padres pitcher Tim Stauffer.
why do I have an old Britney Spears song in my head?
Why do I keep finding a mouse in the house? And why do I keep yelling "mice!"?
My hurr is long enough to braid... This is a bad thing.
So pleased to be named Best in Show: Broadcast at the 2012 Mid-Michigan Addy Awards!
win their season opener!! Playoffs anyone?
Watching the news to see if our dumbass school is on there.
I'm just not the one when it comes to relationships
Those who know me know how much I loathe Telemann. Gary Thor Wedow made me a believer tonight. Ganz toll...
Opera fan Justice Ginsberg will attend tonight's TURANDOT despite flight craze. will be late but supposedly this is highlight of her trip!
I got it! u remind me of Efrem Zimbalist Jr. 77 sunset strip! "Kookie Kookie lend me your comb"
Good idea!
what time and how many PPL usually attend?
I emailed last week re: an RFP. I'm guessing it went to your junk. Can you email me & I'll reply? brandon.williams(at)ggp(dot)com
Aww, thank you! MT : Def. I picked up a lot from & , always grounded in theory of learning
Hey girl, how you doing? lo i call everbody baby..
Joked out in class 1 of my classmates is so dramatic we joked out everybody laughing @ her I can't hold it n no longer ROTFL
Talk to - he's one of my buddies in Hilo, and might have some suggestions.
#MyFavouritetAlbumOf2009 was 'A French Kiss in the Chaos' by Reverend & The Makers Aye treat your ears to that one baby!
Do these candidates actually know how much comprehensive private health insurance is?
Watching like a proud father
2x in one week you have switched a TV Series–I was watching–from Instant to DVD Only?! You are about to lose customer
Oh, you don't like how people say all pacers fans are bandwagon fans? I'm sorry that you're so fucking small minded.
I can't even begin to describe how offended I am by Republicans claiming the war on women is "manufactured."
Wow that is beyond crazy. I don't see why it's such a big deal that you are friends with them.
well that sounds fun! Hahaha
i have a confession: i was a receptionist for seven tears. I hesitate when it comes to phones now.
well, we didnt have a guerin/roberts/recchi/rupp type of vet this year. heart was there. 10-3 win is heart.
Introducing Abe Thomas , Richard Tom , Tim Schmuckal & Rachel Witalec as speakers @ SIC 2012
Yes, there's a B&N that's probably putting one Borders out of business. I don't have a preference; I want both!
Ill Communication was the first Beastie album I had (I was a young'un). The tape was green and BLEW MY FUCKIN MIND!!!
Howard Stern has the hair of 40 year old housewife
Back to school again. "Intro to JavaScript", & I am excited to learn another skill that will help me stay employed in 2012.
haha wow we really need to "get our shit together carol" with our math xD
Man # Kush comma
Only if they make conflicting edits. If the edits don't conflict, both edits will be merged.
"Sadie..." "SADIE YOU'RE BEING REALLY F***ING WEIRD." "Karla, you'd know who I was talking about. IT'S ERIN!" "Sadie... Never mind..."
wow. RT : yess i hate you<U+02D8>-<U+02D8>
Guilty Butler
is in trial today personal injury suit in Milwaukee County.
thanks for the follow. Please login to Whimzle and check it out
working on some music for TV
I love playing with these guys!!!!
Lol You Good ( Smiles )
you got it and when I'm in the new b97 artist contest can I get your support ?
I can't shake it...
I need a dog. AKA I'm pretty sure my place was cased earlier tonight and now I won't sleep.
Never too old to enjoy the Rockefeller Christmas tree being lit!
38 Studios can't pay employees, has $15 million in upcoming debt payments, has $0 private capital, and announced a release date for its MMO.
An accountant will tell you that partnerships’ advantages are that the troubles of running the business and the taxes are shared.
just read he's in the lineup tonight :) Thanks talk 2 you soon :)
Oh i was bout to say
thanks for the follow.
Hey what's up man? Saw you were a big sports fan. Who are your favorite sports teams? Hit me back!
I don't judge people by their USERNAMES...I judge by the BIO, FOLLOWERS, and THE TWEETS
Time for some 8-16 omaha at the Isles
Thank you for the link! Have a great
BUT MAN CITY I CANT
It's different than Norfolk, Neb., then?
We should not write so it's possible for the reader to understand us, but so that it is impossible for him to misunderstand us. -Quintilian
got to hang with your boy #jonbernthal last night - really excited for snitch to come out so i can see you two in action!
Dear , today my boss asked me if I had an email from circa 2007. I am not making this up.
Today I saw a chevy mini van on chrome 22s. MLINY
Good morning. Be careful with One Eyed Willie on the road!
Just spoke to my actor whom I helped cast for a Jpn voice matching gig. He's happy, clients are impressed, and this just made my day! :D
NEEDS ME A PIG HAT~!
thanks for helping our firms to win IDOT PTB 163, Item 3 (project value over $100 million). Good win for both of us!
Thanks for sharing!
shit! That must suck.
When I'm old am I going to listen to old people music or is like kanye west going to become old people music?
RT : Dear our FB community loves the logo of the fist with the books. Gracias-That's a big help. Appreciate it
IF I DIE TOMORROW.......... Would you do what ever it takes to be by my side, today?
Let a nigga come trippin i wish
Up since 5am & mad that my body won't go back to sleep.
There are only 4 counter clerks at the Fayette Street Post Office right now. Really????
Semester grades are in and I'm ready for my meeting tomorrow. Now I just need to finish my convocation speech.
Marty's playing beautifully tonight.
I'm betting a case of beer chad loses, are we on?
For the first time in my life, I thought, "You know, I could really use a trivet." Does this mean I've grown up?
tis amongst the most frequent lies, servings per container always = 1, at least as a goal
Did you know that every 60 seconds 100 accounts are created on #Linkedin? Tie your #Social #Media to our platform & build your business.
Plus you might be expecting a phone call from within your district and/or community
Oh, you're wearing an jersey at a game? You must have been to so many games at
so so glad to hear and let it be so continually in Jesus' name Miracle after miracle after miracle!!!
Check out new Thanksgiving post, Turkey Talk! When u grow out of a food allergy, you have much to be thankful for! www.theallergistmom.com
How do people read thoughtmakers/feed on Twitter efficiently? Check it all day? only 10 min. 3x/day? Recommendations?
We are planning to do more company outings in 2012. Who should I talk to about pkg's?
I am now following you! - David Rand
10 days left until Pi-Athlon!! GET EXCITED EVERYONE!
Nothing like having a few beers with the boys on a hot summer day <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BB><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BA>
What?!?! So is Matt's El Rancho! What's with this town?
How To Multiply Your Winning Chances By Thousands of Times...
I'd be ecstatic!
#Pratchett, Unseen Academicals. Terry Pratchett turns his inimitable eye on football/rugby. Hilarity ensues. Thanks 4 the reminder
let that igloo cooler mark your piece of paradise
Any other bcbs people at
Placing the blame on somebody else must be among the oldest tricks known to man, & it still works. There's no end until somebody fesses up!
The football game did not go so well as we lost 42-14, but I made it through uninjured.
The National Media Museum hosts sleepovers! What would Claudia Kincaid think about that? www.nationalmediamuseum.org.uk/
Good to know! Thanks and have a great weekend. I am over at SOVA coffee shop on H Street quite a bit- join me!
We have ceiling fans and ice water at the ready. Don't let the summer sun be the reason you stay in today. Keep cool at the market!
is a secret :D
GovGaryJohnson: "...re SOPA/PIPA. Let me put it this way: There is NO Internet problem I want the govt to try to fix"
thanks plenty more on the way
Hey Kev, if your ever in Lindenhurst, Stop in for a Beer and some BBQ.. Always Welcome at our place bro!
glad you caught it!
Seriously, tweet
LOL Good luck with the shoot. Then take a nap. *bitch slaps the morning for you*
Gucci Girl. Grab Her Hand.
Yo pitched three days ago instead of the guy who's going to pitch in two days.
did you know President Obama doubled investments in Pell Grants to help an additional 3.7 million students afford college.
- This guy knows business startups.
Loyal ass people >
We're proud to feature some of the submissions from last fall's Client Photo Contest in our Facebook cover image. What do you think?
Competitors Will Never See It Coming: Point of Sale System Integrate Software, SMS and Internet Social Media Marketing Into One Giant...
Doing my puzzle all night.
you are very welcome!
Fuck. Just brought me down and messed with my head and all sorts of other confusing shit.
What's your DREAM home? In the current market, I just might be able to find it for you!
Correx to earlier post:Greenwood-Phinney Chamber of Commerce suspends operations (not dissolves) as it reinvents itself....
you Picture is FLAWLESS <3! Follow Please SARAH! i love you so much.. you're one of my Inspirations! Thanks Love you! <3!
BBQ pulled pork sandwich with caramelized onions, BBQ sauce, cheddar cheese on home made ciabatta bread! North ave only!
cant see that as dont have facebook but enjoying your album :)) sounds like you had a blast at
": "Im not a bitch." - Most bitches"
Also I regret having champagne punch and champagne to toast with but no homebrewed beer. He'd just started brewing though.
#caa2012 Scalar has opened me to a different set of forms + flows + led to new forms of writing
Selena Gomez My Inspiration Always! I dont care if ppl dont like you bc youre dating u are still an inspirtation <U+E32D>
All I ever wanted to be was a belly dancer.
well happy birthday to you. :)
Thank you. Love your website, it's peaceful and calming.
Gamma Gamma will be closed during the month of January as we prep for a NEW FLOOR! We will reopen on February First Friday!
Just drove from del mar from #totem show, home to downtown. The rain is really coming down. Be careful on the road tonight...it was scary!
Done w/La Perla. Thought Nessun closed?
just wasnt my time .. the dream team ... is the future ______
after you start working, right?
Now that #NOLA is 'ova it is time to get my #run on
I remember,how can I forget?you were my first time,a new feel.
Thanks, Sarah! Perhaps we should have a chocolate party :)
Exciting news about next season coming soon!
I can't judge cuz I don't actually know how you're defining "liberal." So why don't you explain how YOU understand that word?
Where you moving to?
did an advertisement show up in my feed just now?
This is why I live in this neighborhood.
knees seem to wear out quickly in my family, arthritis hits early. I just ice, lay low when necessary and don't run as much.
. says "serious communities are powered by silliness"
ok alright talk to u later!!
"Effective leadership is putting first things first. Effective management is discipline, carrying it out." - Stephen Covey.
Its crazy how I haven't heard from my mom all week till mother's day smh SAD
Finally the spring rains are here!
Follow if you are brojeb hearted too!
nice .... hope it all goes well :)
follow me back please i had to make a new twitter
49ers vs. The Giants NFC Title, trip to the big dance. who is going? Who is not? Where will be the best pace to watch the game this Sunday h
ha ha yes! I might have whooped at rolled my eyes at the same time.
not matter what you do it still be better hahahha :P
Packers&#39; Driver keeps dancing, but future in Green Bay uncertain
Did not see that coming
Ur welcome for the hats srry it took so long to get there the missouri post sux u should like totally take a pic in it for me
All wrestling fans on the West Coast make sure you check out #IMPACTWRESTLING, its a great show. I should know I was sitting in the crowd!
I want some blue goo flavoured vanilla swirl ice cream. HELP.
#wilco on Austin City Limits and coffee. I'll call it "church."
Taking a break for some knitting and watching youtube...a perfect moment :) ::sighs contently::
Bigger is better in Texas!
A good name is rather to be chosen than great riches, and loving favor over silver and gold. Proverbs 22:1
Um... no. I don't understand your words. RT : It's only 1:30pm here! Still working! =)
Drove through Cardinal Town right after the game, yesterday. So much fun! LET'S GO CARD!
I love reading your tweets! I have asked about sex things, when I was prefer oral.
Monday Only! Get a medium pizza with Wisconsin mozzarella, 2-toppings, 6 buffalo wings, and 2 cans of soda for $10. (take out, dine-in)
#Whenitwascoolto have a tamagotchi. LOOL those were the days.
I don't want to see think like a man tomorrow... Too many black people in one room equals distractions and ignorance
I hate when people keep talking to me when I'm clearly not listening
that would be crazy!
omg i want in!
Thanks Paula! How's your day so far? I'm just glad it's almost weekend! :D
in Nashville, listening to from Thomas Nelson speak. Good communicator.
Night would not be a night with outa parking lot fight
Bought tix for #Whosliveanyway for my momma and I! Chip Esten I need to meet them! Rochester NY
Thanks Joey! Put her on your HS class of '30 list. Already got interest from and ! ;)
What a wonderful day to have locked myself and the dog out of the house. So cold!
Watching Duck Dynasty with Viggle Wed | 7PM | A&E Get real rewards just for watching TV.
what I dont ..
RT Excited to announce HugSpeak Coaching is reality! :) I'd be thrilled if you lovely people would follow for comm tips
Today is my favorite (lunch) day, can you guess why? IT'S TACO TUESDAY! Featuring Mexican Seasoned Chicken,Mini Taco Shells & Cinnamon Chips
I am super hungry! What's for lunch? :)
I miss you so much this job is like taking over my life! I'm missing out on everything
Was gonna wash my car....thank you rain for encouraging my laziness (y)
Nevermind—it was ScanTailor, although in the quick test I just ran it seems to have trouble around 10°.
I don't have an iPad at all and am, surprisingly, still able to function as a human. $AAPL
Thanks for the follow. The only plastic we use is recycled plastic. Keep us in mind when looking for something special.
Watching the "Stanky Legg" music video because I heard about it on NPR. All things are one.
Interstates FREE Jan 6th... Details soon
The first Mighty Morphin Power Rangers is on netflix
Hi nicki I'm like ur biggest fan
Forgiven For My Sins, God Is My Saviour But The Question Is, Is He Yours.??
#questionsthatdontgetanswers are the questions that are never asked
RT : impressive, I left the gym for an hour and when I came back everybody was talking. (#ProudPapa -- good 2 hear!)
oh i got you! Sorry I'm not fully twitnificent but it's comin!
Thanks Brian!
I am here n Milwaukee waiting for tonight. I am so excited for this concert! I am section 2 row 12!
I give up.
nah. I disagree. A lot of android phones are buggy. Samsung is the best of them. BB sucks, and Windows is a joke.
Great start for Grizzlies! Up 9 early and already put Griffin on his ass once!
yes we make it
WHAT THAT "Casa Bey" ,,,,,YAH I like it i saw the video the other day. LYRICAL !!!
That last play was hilarious!
michaele salahi is in Dallas..be warned!
Shaun White is UNREAL!!
concluding sentence of a student response for an article on bad taste. music 101!
Re-educating coaches on how to teach tackling will eliminate CROWN first impacts from the game of football. If not, nothing will change.
So I started my nap at 7 woke up showered and now back to sleep #drained #Goodnight <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
So tired.
is that why I wasn't invited!?!!!
Last Tunes for the season today Come hang out w/Sam Frazier!
If you think you have had fresh fish from supermarkets... think again and try from Newark market on a Wednesday
one direction on the radio ahahahahhahah
It was nice to meet you & Barbara yesterday. See you next time!
This is me.
Really no better feeling than coming out of an exam and feeling like you knew every question
me too
Guess who is going to be a Real Housewife Grandma?? ! Her daughter, Briana is reportedly pregnant!
Classic Heat fans: arrive late leave early w/8mins left. I know it's out of reach, but it's the playoffs.
Dayton, Akron, Canton
Ritualistic behaviors tend to sometimes get in the way of progress and sometimes even innovation.
Snow is almost gone. Call us for sidewalk clean-up in Midtown. 410 528 1512
Happy Birthday to our team member, Don Johnson!!! Thank you, Don, for working on your birthday!!!
Last time i checked he was a single pringle
ur right ur so right but that physical always over powers then emotional thats y women think men r dogs cause they go 4 dogs
Either way 1 is better then none and you can hang out with us!
I will be honest. December 15th 2012 is going to be one of the best days of my life.
What places are those? Comma deserts?
The air in the performance is sculpted into something
Obama is going to go organize my country!
Working at the cafe again, getting it done
No way! I'll believe it when I see it, Mal.
Every morning that I have to wake up for school, a little part of me dies inside..
Please, dont flatter me like that. Im gonna blush. lol
Yea, it has been two great games, it half time on the second one Stanford vs Baylor The first game was overtime and ND ESPN
south side west or east like that ok!!!
Why do you guys not do a Stevie Wonder episode? I loved you guys for the reason you bring to light awesome music. Own it.
I have a long blister. On my fucking foot.
Looked at both Open Conf & Conftool but didn't fit. Didn't want to host Open Conf and had >150 attendees for free Conftool.
that sort of thing happens all the time in DC :/ have I ever told u about egghunting at school? U wouldn't believe it.
I hear that! I can't believe I once bought these shirts in a large. Then a medium...now a small. And I haven't changed!
#IfOnlyICould go to the past and do things right
.. did that slatebox test work? Can I help?
slinging some serious badass SQL code today
tryna make a run?
very pretty young lady..gosh I feel old such memories....
#OWIF: Under the ancient rules of dance off, if one leader is eaten by a giant fish the other guy inherits their posse.
There are two ways to live. You can live as if nothing is a miracle. You can live as if everything is a miracle. ~ Albert Einstein
Did that red bull get you so amped or what!?
its May Day! up tha punx!
aw I just saw this now, thanks :*
um? Is that you? And how did you manage to do that dear??
Hanging at the Owl Bar at the Belvedere Hotel in Baltimore.
Woe i live near the wisconsin dells now i have to go find this look-a-like
lol, then what's up?
if I were to bring you guys gifts in Sacramento for the fair, what would you want? Food? Candy?
The great and glorious masterpiece of man is to know how to live to purpose. Michel de Montaigne
Hello ICONiacs! How has your day been! Who wants to play what would you do?! ~Ashley
OH "Chicks love hover states." to
Scary like 10 day old ground beef that mysteriously stays red
<U+2640>When one's mind is made up, this diminishes all fear<U+2640>
#R-T god night beautiful girls
awesome pics of your travels. I'd never get to see these places otherwise
Nickelodeon Is So Boring Now A Days
We need 3 more followers to hit our first 100! Please RT to get #itsallaboutyounewark trending!!!
Going fishing.
So the question is: How do you want people to feel when they think of you? If you can answer that, the rest is gravy.
Hey guys haven't been on cause my mom got in a car accident she's okay but her neck hurts alot, the girl was texting while driving! SMH <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
should have been there, too. Or both our gigs should have been the same bill.
: I loved seeing you today and will miss you guys all semester!
indeed, my pleasure...
"Notice how girls who say "I give awesome head" rarely do, but the girls who say "I'm not sure how" leave you cross eyed and twitching" ;-)
How good of boyfriend am I towards Brooke? I'm sitting here watching the bachelor with her and her roommates without complaining.
i got ur text! not ur call though! my dad sold the tix!!!
Finally made it to Portland. A little behind schedule and a little wet and cold but we are here!
You are the HOTTEST mom working in Television girlfriend!!!
:D RT S/O to for making a new twitter! Tweets good shit
Customer service is not a department, it's an attitude!
When shit goes down, nobody ever wants to answer the damn phone! Wtf!
Why do we all wait until we are at our lowest point to seek God’s help?
sign up NOW to compete or volunteer in our 2010 games!! You don't want to miss out on being at this year's event!
any word?
Im a big fan! Idk though, I really like Schodt and Dankann right now though!
The worst thing that being an artist could do to you would be that it would make you slightly unhappy constantly. - J. D. Salinger
With the throat cancer RT: Melissa Gorga is the new Adele
This Mavs fan is thankful baseball has started
nahh, just very bored . and hating this new seating chart we got cuz bitches wuz yellin' and fightin' haha
Even wen iam wrng i always get my point across.
we didn't get enough word out on the april 10th Dishcrawl so we moved it to may 7th and the ticket price is only 30 now!
Who wins in a fight? #pernellwhitaker vs #floydmayweather?
Now is loosing to the WONDER GIRLS #teammindless lets work together and VOTE if u want them to win and get that USTREAM
#ThoughtsWhileRunning Why do I run at night? Why do I run up this hill on this back road with no street lights. I hope I don't die.
thanks my jewish bud
it'll happen<3 :) seriously hope you meet them, any of them. You deserve it
Haha Dilley said if I'm a nacho that'll I have to hear him sing in lunch haa
why must everyone count them out???? Seriously
The best way to predict the future is to create it!
Preparing for an amazing Ballet and Stretch class tonight!
#springsteen spirits in the night
I don't think wants to carry our child.
I took a long ass nap today. I forgot how comfortable the tundra is ;)
Recording vocals for the new songs tomorrow!
Eww I can't believe I went to a elementary where in just less than a week they found 2 sexual predators that were teachers
haha. Well have u seen the other 4 as well?
Show tonight at red 7... It got pushed back one hour so you have time to get here!!! We play at 8:00!!
The joys of home ownership can be summed up thusly: plumbing.
Probably not a good sign when hail hits your car with a loud CLANG CLANG CLANG...
I like to touch stuff up high and stand on top of things to be taller. TOWER OF BLOOD
Thank you, voters. It truly is our kids, our schools, and our community and I am so proud to be a part of it. Thank you.
! Potbelly!! Finally *fatkid happiness!*
great advice.
Finally Off
Thanks for all the amazing support for Bloodycheckers...been playing people all night :)
Anatomy is just killing me!
Whats poppin? Ladies & Gents PoPRoC Productions would like ur assistance with developing leading music, fashion & live entertainment website
Hahaha, the logic of some people. RT : Here's a thought, don't save emails in the deleted items bin.
Movement Conservatives = our Ayatollah
Oh, that sounds fun. I often enjoy a perfectly aged sitcom. I think 6 years is spot on.
Beautiful #Sundaymorning in #atx. Coffee, gardening, and Eric Satie.
I'm guessing they're holding off on it until they see how well Graces sells here.
lol it sucks tryna be adventurous when theres nothing but scary dirt roads and you dont want to go anywhere scary....
thanx so much. i hope it will work..
First a tea party, now sewing. He's turning yuppie!
Running express from western to Belmont
You have to go to Tony Luke's.
I'm in tears every night because I et put down by my mom& much more everyday.
Check out diddy's new artist janelle monae. And ellen's new artist greyson chance on youtube.com
you are cute. 0__o
Congrats to Stanford on a great season
Waiting for the Red Dress collection with
Nah, but I do enjoy the little balls of textured butter.
So im coming on the 30th and gotta leave the 13th !
So excited to watch get her honor chords today. Tiny bit more excited for IHOP.
oh lord can't wait ;)
The Lincoln MKZ has a fresh new look for the 2011 model year and beyond
thanks man! :)
Hi Katy, why don't we sort this out by email? Please contact me through my website.
Laura, CitySlacker loved We Are the Hartmans trailer & Richard Chamberlain
come ova here and give me a kiss right quick
#ireallywant to get away for a while
One of the trainers at my gym accused me of being on steroids. I guess that means I'm doing something right.
Thanks! You too. The holidays never seemed sweeter :D
interesting! any specifics on tech that will NOT be adopted?
How much did the largest gold nugget ever discovered weigh? First correct tweet wins a pair of tickets to Cirque Mechanics....
Film Friday: This Week&#39;s Movie News and New Trailers
Fort Caroline isn't good. We just suck so bad it makes them look like they're good. BTW: Follow Me, i have no followers!!!LilJJ
My mom is SO excited about all the Facebook messages she got for her birthday.
Come see The Bay State play our last show in Maine tonight at 103 Ultralounge in Orono !
Another morning at the mcjims house. Its like if measure had a house... But its clean and less arguements
penn station is reminding me of the hash slinging (trash ringing?) slasher episode of spongebob right now. I'm not taking the garbage out.
and I chugging vodka I'm my car outside howl at the moon.... Kicking it old school:)
Goodbye boyfriends. Hello freedom, and possibly courting :O
Tell me, are you a badfish too?<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
If youre a girl that tells people youre a princess I sincerely hope you fall out of your castle window...or the dragon eats you..or both
're surrounding with the GroupMe crew. Heaven help him.
beware of the Sheraton bed bugs! great trip, safe travels to ya.
thank you LeeAnn. I will let you know when it comes out. I think in June. It's for IMG official UK football preview
Great. In the office at 6:45, quiet day to get stuff done, and phones and network are down.
Celebrate our favorite founding father of pseudonymous satire's birthday today! 3 cheers for Silas Dogood!
did Michael serve you your chili bow-wows last night?
Making scratch-art fish with 300 preschoolers this morning... and 's coming tonight!!! :D :D :D :D
sorry I never replied I was somewhere on the east side ... But come out this weekend!
Have an affair act like an adult for once
happy to make the connection.
Ha! I got my friend one for her baby that had a mustache on the back. Her baby was a girl. Don't care. Lol
That's pretty cool. Glad to meet you too!
i appreciate the shoutout
j biebs boyfriend jamming on the way home woohoo
Working, what else? What are YOU doing?
And the Oscar goes to.........Nortman!
- Are you a baseball fan? Have to ask, can see how living in Boston might burn one out on the sport. :)
Just bought 4 more bumper stickers. My car is straight from the 1960's
We need to find a way of grading entrepreneurs - it's too much of a loose term.
: Follow Us at the original Account !!
I'm watch Mulan with Dare. There showing the preview of Tarzan with 1 of the old movie surfers. I'm pretty that girl is !
JW heyy what we gonna do tomorrow?
but the duck face is alot worse than the "im to cool face" theduck face just kills your image -_-
Finally done with finals. If anyone needs me I'll be sleeping for three days.
mothers day tomorrow
is today gonna be my lucky day? will you follow me?
She's doing a great job. The fact that she's female isn't relevant.
Good Morning
Today I told that's he's like Mr. Rogers
Love is something you can’t describe; Like the look of a rose, the smell of the Rain, or the feeling of forever!
Learning about the media, from #gaylmurphy in
Hate it! The worst: "Lady Bulldogs" Seriously.
14 days after the March on Washington the church was bombed and the 4 littlegirls were killed
RT mccain-palin mob 2.0. it begins. RT Woman at town hall tells Romney Obama should be tried for treason.
Hope everyone had fun chatting with tonight on ! He's definitely a good dude and was great with the fans too!
Yeah but here in DC I have to wear nice pants AND shoes.
here in YUMA thinking of cow tippin sounds fun
The #transportation sector accounts for nearly 3/4 of all #petroleum use in the #US & is responsible for 42% of #carbon emissions.
Has everyone picked up their tickets to see at the on June 20th?
the sound on my laptop is working today. I don't understand.
If you see a whole thing it appears that it's always lovely.
Back in my own bed tonight. The only good thing about being home from sb.
Have you ever been to #Oklahoma?
When a guy can handle your flaws, love you on your moody days and kiss you when you don't look great, he's worth it" <3
thank you!
i've built my dreams around you
Vista is full of nothing but baby mamas and douche bags.
Just uploaded 2 songs off my demo onto myspace. Visit www.myspace.com/annavivette
Turns out & have both been arrested for disorderly conduct
Seems like the only thing I could eat is ice cream.
why is tsonga so slowww! Run more!!
The most powerful electric eel is found in the rivers of Brazil, Columbia, Venezuela, and Peru, and produces a shock of 400-650 volts.
Stop hating! Why does self appointed people on women issues always got something stupid to say.. Respect for all women and their choices.
please follow me!!
My wrists hurt from failed attempts of breakdancing.
At the U of A vs ASU game and someone is holding a sign that saids, "ASU students can't read this sign" hahah
It would fit in Baltimore. Lots of people have houses that are underwater......
proud to have u representin'! & r one hell of a design team!
Mfs in this house dont do shit.. All they wanna do is sitt on they ass and receive the benefits.Lazy ass mfs.and shewanna join the navy.....
Looking forward to it.
Good morning and happy blessed day to all :)
Danm who doing it
Today is the day! Come check out the studio!
good morning austin(:remember no matter what, you're always loved and supported by your friends, family, and your mahomies <3
It Was Cool, Didn't Do Much.. Haven't Did Anything All Day.
Thx for the Follow. <U+E345> al day!!!
So inspirational today! ": Don't compare your life to others. You have no idea what their journey is all about."
Thanks for the follows.
Thank you so much, Karen. Very glad to hear.
On Saturday everybody say happy birthday to me and mention me duh <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>1<U+20E3>3<U+20E3><f0><U+009F><U+0086><U+0092>™
Wow closed my kids savings accounts. The money is now with the state as unclaimed property. Should be fun trying to get it back.
I promise I will follow everyone that is following me as soon as twitter lets me. I think I have to wait until tonight :(
how much time do you plan to spend in public?
I will too!
still haven't been there. what do you get there so i know whats good when i go?
Trying to hide the fact that I'm starting to like him... but Id wanna get hurt. So I do what I gotta do. Idk??!!!
Wilson hits another three for the #Badgers, up 45-41
Welcome to Louisville #ACPA12! Friends, former staff, alums of UofL or NCSU hit me up if you'd like to come by tonight, 7pm.
Next up at #thatcamp #games : Narrative Puzzles, gang-led by UMD folks
Shark Tank than Mad Men made for great Sunday night entertainment. Finally shows worthy of watching !
right. lately most of my #pubarch involves remote sensing with equipment avocationals don't have access to...
oh ok. Jess told me she saw you lol
However if you know gaming well, you probably already know about the employment <U+0093>game tester<U+0094>
I c u... Win sum lose sum nigga it dont matter, cuz at the end of the day man u niggas aint factors.
oh no. my big ex broke up with their girlfriend....uh oh.
So this is the 5th car accident I'm in. Only good thing is I'm gonna be late to school. Haha hope I get to skip first period.
My day doesn't consist of 3 set meals. I pretty much eat 128493240 snacks whenever I feel hungry.
you were talking about Vader so I figured you'd like it. There's a bunch of other ones on there too lol
RULE 1: Mutherfuckers dont care about you and your well being. Always look out for #1. You are the only person who will make sure YOU are ok
And Brian Kelly IS doing at ND with Aaron Lynch! Where is the outrage over that from you and Golic?
Music feeds the soul , get inspired
Doctors fight for refugee health care: VIDEO: Toronto physicians briefly occupied Natural Resources Minister Joe Oliver's Toronto con...
Thank you! I sent about 70 over to Coach :)
I was in my 20's before I could watch all of the Wizard of Oz...
working for the finer things in life like mansions range rovers etc.
much props to WHO??? eddie--> time out corner.
we're great w that! We'll fix up the video a bit soon but grateful to have it and for your voice.
Ready for my senior prom );
Love thy soul..lust thy life.
never would have guessed kg n Hollins worked together off season,i remember some exchanges bw/ in previous games,sure they ok?
So it's kind of like you're being stroked at the gym? Haha
Happy #MillerParkOpener, - bet a few #Badgers will attending today! (wish I was one of them) (via )
The Next To You version with ONLY Chris Brown is so much better <333
no, i was just hype!
errands. snow. practice. snow. mixing. snow. homework. snow. twloha. snow snow snow snow.
Y is this song so good eofnoenfownodnei
just bit into a rather nasty nectarine. I guess this means summer is really over, huh? :/ Disappointing
should try it, its good. hows chemistry? hah taking notes?
lol you n chinese aint you
do you get rental cars when you go to all these airports? If so, do you have a favorite company?
A link should be human-readable. People could grow suspicious of bit.ly links, wondering where they'll lead.
Getting ready to hang with today. Oh yeaaaahhh
What to look for in a 990 form for government charities: income, expenses, assets, and what the charity claims to do.
i sent u a prensent but i think i forgot to but my email address on it lolz (; But have u gotten a plaid canadian hat yet?? <3
forget Fielder. He's a sellout.
I love
How is he so gorgeous?! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A8>
thanks so much for your kind remarks in a tweet today
Indeed. My second favorite section being INDEMNIFICATIONS.
Best way to encourage everyone at your wedding reception to cut loose? Three-camera video shoot of everything happening on the dance floor.
Thanks for the RT!!
going for a run when I get home :-)
u already no boi im gettin it
Scotland Yard Pub: "Geeks Who Drink" Pub Quiz tonight at 8pm. Prizes and fun and 'Cuse Basketball on TV!
And the LORD set a mark upon Cain, lest any finding him should kill him.
follow me if you want to live!
good luck at the shows!
M!!! Care to share? ;) RT lime&chili chicken maruchan w| tampico C(;
ELMO'S WORLD
I say what I mean and I mean what I say.
I've known one or two. What's weird are the mice who wear pants but refuse to put on a shirt. What's that about?
Hey I never ordered this X TV channel!! Oh wait....Sorry..Rewind.....It's just Telemundo.....
Yum first latte from in Corktown. Nice treat for a cold day!
Happy Easter Weekend! It's going to be sunny in LA :)
Any HRs have how-to details for applying for the tax credit for the COBRA stimulus subsidy?
Time to start packing my room
Yeah, nice place. RT I checked in at The Riviera Supper Club & Turquoise Room (7777 University Ave)
do you like doing business is Seattle??
How about ONE tweet reflecting what a gutsty, epic road effort this has been by the Clips?
I love you too(: Follow me?
In VA for the weekend. People need to start waking up though!!!
In all honesty, we're excited for the show as of right now....but on June 19 we're going to be bitching and complaining on how hot it is.
Special Easter menus offerings are up now for vendors! Check out some great new items!
haha it was at a psychology museum downtown. who knew a whole wall of fake drugs could be so amusing?
Happy Holidays, Everyone!!!
Wish he was here
#TheDayJalenStopPerpin is the day i walk straight
“: In one word, tell me what makeup means to you! X” confidence
I don't think ive ever been so bored in my life. pc4pc?
: Hello! I would like to learn more about the occult. Could you tell me where to start?
Thanks Katie! Can't believe the generosity and ability to keep secrets. I work with so many amazing people, particularly you!
and they didn't look that colorful either.
#YouKnowShesTheOne if she DOESN'T say "I really enjoy knitting; it gives me so much pleasure. Would you like some tea?"
I find it very bizarre that my employer wants me to tweet.
what's left coach
Kobe earn that assist.
omg is anyone else tired as fuckkkkkkkk right now?!?!
we came such a long way first we started off with 1 tweets to 146tweets then we started off with 1follower to 463 followers wow!!!!!!
oh u fancy huh....
"Love is the true means by which the world is enjoyed: our love to others, and others' love to us". Thomas Trahern
So much for that meet...bye track catcha next year. Hello XC!
Career 101: give your current resume to 10 people you trust. Ask them if they would hire you for you boss's job (NB don't ask your mother).
My first grader woke up SO EXCITED about Math Day at her school today. May she always have that love of learning.
“: Thompson walks out to "Invincible" by MGK, Brown opts for "Rise of The Machines" by Jedi Mind Trick. #UFC145”
thanks! I'll definitely read through that and see if there is a fix.
Just heard/saw the cutest little girl, approx. age 2, telling her mom to hurry up, she wanted to see superman
Here's the deal: be open to life.
what i only understanded half of that!!!..
#Fringe season 4 marathon (again) till I drop! bye!
let's take some shots
Seeing truly brightens my day.
Beautiful afternoon for some Pinkberry! What's you favorite flavor?
there is a movie from the 70s with Steve McQueen and Dustin Hoffman. It's hard to find. I'll have to rent it from Amazon.
Marcus Johansson nets two in the Capitals 4-2 win in Montreal.
It was a SHITSHOW. Retribution for injuring husband's groin with my lack of pants?
last status update for the night. i have to start venting to other humans instead of my technological devices
Kansas City, MO Minneapolis, MN we'll be seeing you soon!
Looking forward to the women's retreat this weekend!
#SchoolMemories - Going to Washington DC with my 5th grade class<3
Thanks! More
Just a reminder...America's Got Talent returns on NBC this Monday at 8 EST. I know that will enjoy this information :))
I had a dream last night that you, , and I played real life Mario Kart in the desert! Talk about
Thanks for the RT's!
damn, awesome mate... how long will you be in town Jack? I am heading over for EditFest as well
is that little Tom in your profile pic?
Getting my first drive-in movie of the season tonight. Where my geeks at?? First class any good?
Tell me about P90X... Is it really as horribly ass-kicking as everyone says? And does anyone have a copy I can borrow??
You never know what to except on #gossipgirl. Such changes throw you for a loop. I love it.
we got 9 scores recorded for you (DGpy5-04)
Respects. Think current events, periodic table, shakespeare and ticker symbols. When you on the mike?
Who goes out in public w/o no bra and looks bored everywhere they go roles eyes to selena Gomez
do you have school tomorrow?
I need food!
Sometimes its better not to say anything. Saying how you truly feel might make things worse.
That sounds like a great arrangement! Call me in my office: 951.925.3808 I'd love to give you some advice. Ask for Trent.
That's part of the beauty of being an asphalt philosopher.
wow almost October
In chitwon district, confirmed two schools for tomorrow's art workshop with school students.....................
all is well grandfather, your presence is requested in the form of a visit for this summer.
early risers are especially interested in the IthakaSR website? :-)
Having a technical hitch with my twitter today! Can't post any wallpapers but hang around for double the tweets tomorrow.
Ah, Daylight Savings Time. Every Alcoholic's favorite holiday!
I have officially rooted a lime tree and hot pepper plant in my tiny indoor greenhouse :)) I had no faith in it, but it works!
Then I guess it's time to dust off the ol' player and give 'er a spin.
Thanks in advance :)
maybe come to tonight?
Register for Strike Out Hunger Bowl-A-Thon for March 10th. Try your luck at winning a 32" Magnavox or at a 50/50 raffle.
Bryce Harper Wow
that's so true I have to remember that.
One by one the numbers decrease
because im sitting here by myself
feature as in an interview? Email -
lol you have a deal
Looking forward to working with some talented Depaul Students. GetNakedDepaul
I got you! #peryourrequest RT going for the quad tomorrow!
"putting ur sock on me is like slapping me in the face wit a used condom"-matt rodriguezz lmaooooooooooooooooooooooo
Best place to watch Marathon for me??? Harlem, no doubt about it. Great.
looking for some new, creative, artistic photoshoots ...
Happy Super Bowl Day Guys. We are taking the day off. Thanks to Everyone for Supporting Las Vegas Comedy!!!
It's going to be a great fall -- everyone here, good times ahead. I feel it :) No pitch, just punk love.
I mean don't get me wrong.... It may be physically appealing on some guys......
When everything is going right something has to come up. How i want to see the boyfriend
Kahle was introduced by a guy from BrightSolid (forgot his name) -- he had the accent :-)
being followed :)
that's 's uncle! Make him one and ill give it to him :)
We weren't born in Cleveland for nothing. :) RT “: you guys rock, per usual”
LOL I had a feeling you weren't going to make it and I knew it would be constructive advice for the group. :)
Ball State Book Store= Colossal customer service FAIL
is super excited about this tournament. Yall should see him. He has the bracket on deck & all. We're definitely on the same page.
Wow can't believe Apple approved that
he'd be better than most because he actually has fought. My belief is that you don't know what it's like til you've done it
Don't See A Lot Females Fighting For A Good Man... They Killing Each Other For The No Good Men... Smh
Hell no!
library at 10...till6 then flyer gsme then study study again. partners, sit with ne...loud or quiet section?
love ya too and no problem if you need anything else im here!
No, you're not seeing double - there's twice as much FREE Fitness by the Fountain to love this year ! Tonight - yoga 6-7p.
haha well you could do that or go the mohawk, or come up with a new style and set a trend
Can't wait to Hop the A Train with Barebones Productions! Thanks, Patrick!
Nice to internet meet you! Any friend of is a friend of mine ;)
The Monday after St. Patrick's Day weekend. How many people in their thirties are still hungover?
made pasta and im not even hungry...
My hair is my own weather barometer.
Dear Captcha, Yes i'm a fucking human but no, i'm not Albert friggin' Einstein...give a girl a break here. I was on CapLocks...sue me
... Miss you in WA., coach. Hope you had a great Xmas and have a Happy New Year!
3 episodes of community?!?! Best. Thing. Ever.
I found "Where in the World is Osama Bin Laden" in a gift box to US troops in Iraq after Bin Laden was found in Pakistan.
Thanks for RTing this. I thought it was Downtown Abbey...like "Nuns in the City" so I didn't watch. Now I realize my mistake!
who are you
RT : thank you, that's something I don't hear very often
My Savings account just earned 1 more cent. Drinks on me tomorrow!
That should not matter except no perfume draws bugs
#FalkYeah! MT Falk: There's one way to restore collective bargaining, through the budget, and that's what I'll do
Did you know April is stress awareness month? Good thing there's only 3 days left, I hate being aware of my stress!
Great night in NY! Let's Go #Knicks & #yankees!!!
We're spinning old school jams for the first time Come through if you're around!!!
+1 MT : If they ain't broke don't fix 'em. If we were talking about the #MTleg & change I'm there with ya. :D
Mobile Marketing makes all the difference… Open rates for text messages are 98%, Email open rates - just 18-30%
#FF Great writers/thinkers.
omg you're nuts
To show my support, for the next 24 hours I'm going to pretend that Against Me! isn't the worst band ever. Right on Laura!
#shirtguydirect for all of your corporate apparel needs
Females that ain't pretty unless they got makeup on <<<
I didn't get NO Breakfast n bed :(
Bitch bitch bitch bitch make me rich!
Thanks! Glad you like it.
What time do you head over / want to meet? Or should I work that out with Stuewe?
Tomorrow's 4.20 <3 know what that means..? ;) yeah.. You got it. THE LUCKY ONE COMES OUT.
Got the job start next week... Yadadiyeee... Can we say MARKETING..
it's only 73 degrees outside, this is why i love living in san diego.
can I have your children?
RT : Don't forget to vote for & in the Frequent Business #Traveler GlobeRunner Awards!...
No news was bad news for us. How's it going for you?
Not sure what 2 pray 4? Thank God 4 the people He's going 2 bring into ur life 2day...2morrow. Ask Him 2 use u 2 impact them. Get ready!
just grabbing life by its balls
Though she was troubled for a long time, still shocking to hear about Whitney.
Need a complete #Branding package? Logo, Business Cards, Packaging, etc? ~>
Getting ready for the LA Mayoral Candidate Forum at the Center for Healthy Communities
thats awesome, i jus recently lost to border gift cards, so yea...LOL
Thanks! :) New post tomorrow.
and people can still say there isn't a God.
Say ewwww look at me no bitch look at you
I had a dream with THE perfect girl.
OK got it. Thanks.
Next Steps at Vanderbilt holds spring commencement - Vanderbilt University News
follow back ? tweet me and i'll follow you back :)
Thanks! RT : Likewise! You're the number one source for #gardening in the #DMV!
What a friend on loop
-- Agreed, I saw the Man U timeline. It looks amazing! Great example for sports teams.
same to you!
Can you help plan: a charter school, ceramics mfg, boutique textiles mfg, furniture mfg, applied arts and/or fine arts?
will it be unbiased?
24 hours until UNOmaha's METLink conference. Can't wait to see and present.
How do you get someone big to your programs? Ask! Write, call, etc. and when you get them, treat them well! - Holdengraber
Go Bruins!
RT A friendly reminder that our 20% discount for Water St. classes ends on Monday. Register to save $!www.danceworksmke.org
Expect a lot of #starwars vs. #startrek talk on tomorrow's with guests Adam & Mike,
I'd love the opportunity to interview you in the near future. Your music delights the masses.
Lowepro Edit 130 Video Bordeaux Nice bag for the price ...
RT : RT : Sometimes I love you, sometimes I hate you, but there isn't a day that goes by that I don't miss you.
ok cool well next event Ill try to bring u something delightful
let's make sex a holiday !
I can't play guitar, and yet the fact that Rickenbacker stopped making left-handed guitars a few years ago really hurts my feelings. <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B8><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
I suggest seeing a show at The Mohawk, going for a walk/run on the Barton Springs Greenbelt, and grabbing a coffee at Jo's.
#vre2010. Great class! Enjoyed the projects! Liked getting to know you all and hope to keep in touch on fb :)
Well I'm staying up late tonight
I just dropped my fucking cookie D;
solid. Glad you are enjoying!
that wasn't me?
Instead of a sequel to #TheAvengers, I'd be completely happy with a Tony Stark/Bruce Banner buddy-comedy.
I'm good..what you been doing?
We'll be just fine, you & me, if you just stay.
if i whisper in ya ear its cuz i want you to hear me... i aint got shit to hide.
Damn mexican tap water
The Ravens actually signed John Brantley?! LMFAO. Did they see his tape from Florida?
amen ...I'm looking for a new job in #LA ..hated my last one LOL
...now that's some creative and effective product placement!
Start off your week with a bang and wake up with a hot Mocha Joe this morning!
Butchered it. I thought I was bad with quotes/names.
Iz happy to be home after a very long travelz in da big car. Ize lovez my own bed!
This will be my motto for the week!
Let your voices be heard! All John Jay Students...VOTE! Polls are open now, online at the Jay Stop!
haha it was funny:)
In my bed im bored ..
a birthday tweet from the boys this sunday. #thatswhatiwant :)
It amazes me what people will do just for attention.
Wedding coming up? A commissioned painting would be a great gift from you to wish the newlyweds a blessed life together....
OMB my first period and advisory buddy Meaghan all CANADIAN CHANNELS!!!!
Thanks for the supprt!
Where's Carlisle? My mom said it was in PA? But this show is put on by the BBC? so I'm really confused.. Haha
Pierce looks frustrated. Forced that last shot.
wats good bro show sum luve out here
yeah we gotta show on Friday night as well! We will plan around u next time
#20ThingsAboutMe 17. I have a brother & 2 sisters older than me & a brother & 2 sisters younger than me!!
Boresha International has the only patented fat-burning thermogenic coffee in the world. www.sisidore.igetpaidtodrinkcoffee.com
Time to go home
Sounds great! Looking forward to watching & learning. Thanks.
i miss the naked brothers band haha :)
It's an assumption. Not sure distinction matters. Should clarify we BOTH recognize the hate encountered by each.
yes! got lawn for both nights, would love to find some pavs tho : You going to Saratoga?
Workin' out with sandbags today! Fun stuff!
Self-paced instruction resource: PBS Teachers: pbs.org/teachers
On our way to play some new songs on on some rooftop in Hollywood-- oh and I tried some Tapatio ruffles m gross
seriously man, I'm about to Twitter-rant & set some shit straight. I need 1 reader 2 make it worthwhile. U got time 2 read it?
#MentionTo someone you wish were here right now. --
completely agree. Did same thing in Washington too.
happy birthday Lucy!
Officials to Rebuild Altavista Bank After Fire
Mercedes killed that song. So good
HEY PRESS IT'S NOT NERD PROM WHEN YOU INVITE LINDSAY LOHANS & CLOONEY & GLEE & A KARDASHIAN IT'S STAR-FREAK-FUCKER PROM
AKA UNCLE SWIZZLE NOW WORKS FOR A MAJOR BOOKING AGENCY. based IN LA ATTN: PROMOTERS, SERIOUS INVESTERS if you're looking to bo…
Hope And Normalcy At The Hospital School — North Carolina Public Radio WUNC
NW "Life After" with Al Reynolds (Star Jones ex husband) #Interesting !
That feeling you get when a cop car makes a U-turn behind you when you pass them up.
I blame ALL apple related dilemmas on : If I eat a bad one; a poor slice of pie; the tree's blossoms are underwhelming
website coming soon! Stay tuned.
do you need some 3- D glasses??
Anyone see new show? Any good? Any different?
Alright #Pens we need at least 1 more in the 3rd.
love the few times i visit a *$ and i ask for a small coffee. You mean a ... Sure whatever, a small coffee plz.
We would love to thank all the artists that work with us. Without their great talents this would not be possible!
honey pie.
On my way to Aspen!
David, you mentioned on MPU some time ago about a trick using Pastebot and 1Password. Have you posted that trick anywhere?
you'll make a lot of dimes...and we're just getting started. Hold on tight it's a bumpy ride. Lol
we finished homework for tonight :D
I'm doing good just hitting u up seeing how u r
Hearing Indiana offered Indian Hills CC Big man Jameel McKay. McKay, a Milwaukee native, will have 2years of D1 eligibility
I am afraid that Hodgson will just go with the old farts. We needed to do what the Germans have done but it won't happen withhim
How can I bridge the gap between compliance-driven #onlinehelp and #socialmedia? controls vs #informallearning? #astdtk12 food4thought
Help students learn entreprenuership while also getting your house painted. Ask me how.
how much does it cost?
Just received invitation from Alpha Beta Kappa
Have you tried spraying the box with Apple Bitters? It's available at most pet supply stores.
she broke up with me...
Chuck e cheese has GF crust? Since when!?!?!? My son will be so happy!
Makin moves all day and i still aint satisfied.
Happy Mothers Day to my mama Mrs. Deborah Ann Conn. I know u don't have a twiiter so u can't read this, but I'm sending u this anyways lol.
A kid being a brat is not a disease, it's just a bad kid!!!
RT “ Never mistake my silence for ignorance, my calmness for acceptance, or my kindness for weakness” <this is everything
Just sent you a DM
What are your plans for this " holiday" weekend?
Headed back to beach for the weekend hope you have an enjoyable week end too
NF follow back
i do
will do!
Hair relaxer. Coming to America.
Live tweeting hunt cup: so far gathered around a trash can drinking a 30. Feels like were still in the city!
Back in the game..
how much we taxing
And how was it? Ha! RT : I have just experienced the first drive thru Subway.
So and made my night even though I didn't get to talk to them. Good times haha
**ARTIST** get at me #NOW Hittmenn DJs 2012 OFFICIAL WEBSITE "LAUNCH" PARTY PACKAGE ATLANTA, GA. MAY 9th & 10th, 2012
*Hugs you back*<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
I fall asleep with my phone in my hand because I love talking to before I fall asleep.
If You Dont Fb Im Gonna Fight You : D
woke me up too. I have to get up any way. I'm going to Martha's to pick her up to go shopping and hair done. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0087>
"If your dreams don't scare you, they are not big enough."
..Sexy Thursdays inside Club Antro!!.. , , Take Ova South , taking thursdays over!!....RT!!!...
Text me lol, I'm confused as to what is going on.
That nigga ain't bout it! RT “: WON'T FADE ME DOE.”
The second half of a man's life is made up of nothing but the habits he has acquired during the first half. -Dostoevsky
This maiden she lived with no other thought, than to love and be loved by me.
I didn't know that Stephen Merchant does a voice for Portal 2
I could be wrong but believe Hamilton has a clause in contract about boozing and Texas said was a concern.He may be gone
Monday madness ......... Cleaning....errands....work....then precious quality time with the fam.....
Innovation at Domino's Pizza is chopping up some bread sticks and sprinkling cheese on it. Might as well rename it Mensa Pizza
Merry Christmas! We hope you're happy now.
I hate that! The worst one is in Newark Airport in NJ. It's really long and everyone stumbles when they get off.
I really dislike users
Enema of the state
My n'bor is a light designer, just turned down a job to design for a Timbaland concert. He goes all over the world. Interesting line of work
you know that your supposed to take a girl to see a #romcom bro
Thanks for the shout out. Happy Friday :)
My man is putting on a passing clinic
“: I don't care where Austin moves. I'm still gonna say I support a 16 year old singer from Texas. #realtalk”
You sexy....... I don't know if you've noticed
Syria: Plan must address 'terrorism'
when the world says NO and everything the creator place in you says YES James Brown "I'm going get up and do my thang".
#AustinsMostEmbarrasingMoment A girl in school was waving, he waved back, she started laughing, he looked back&she was waving at another boy
can't wait for my sister and brother to piss off to uni. only another year to wait :) woo
i swear i wont watch your leaked sex tape with
Russian Roulette <3
I wish haha
Nah, AMC's one of the few with regular good stuff. WALKING DEAD looks great, but they won't let me watch online. :-(
A setback is just a setup for a comeback.
Dying my hair! :)
i have 79 followers keep it going
"Where fashion and turtles meet" -turtle lady. Hahaha!!
Special shout out to you should follow them!
Using stick mics while sitting at a desk bothers me
#BestSoundMixing also goes to
Chris Cronin discussing how much human labor will be required to convert aacr2 auth data to rda at
#describeyoursexlifewithamovietitle SHE'S GOTTA HAVE IT........
Chillin w. Savage & his thuggish ass friends..
Happy Birthday to the best mom ever!
lite and domestic please
Round 2 was rough
Night run with !
Tom Costello of NBC gives inspiring speech abt continuing importance of journalism @ CU's JMC graduation.
Having a near-two-year-old is fun... though he keeps deking me out with pretending he's close to a nap.
As of Thursday, I will be living with my dad
What if I went brunette..
the sun brings out the best in me straight up.
#MARKETFRIDAY BELONGS TO THE #AKAs....THE "OFFICIAL" AFTER PARTY IS @ #INFERNO... PERIOD!! SPECIAL ANNOUNCEMENT TODAY @ 4:00PM!! BE THERE!!!
Hahhaa Nothing Nothing You said you were a nice change of Convesacion Bitch
seriously, we cannot escape this vehicle.
its my friends 's birthday today and i know it would just make her day if you tweeted her happy birhtday!
Hi Max! Excited to meet you and the other #YAPC crew.
Feeling some inexplicable Simpsons nostalgia. Going back and watching Season 1 now. Were we ever so young?
where might that be?
Our New Web-Site www.vcassociates.org
Todays quote "I'll believe a corporation is a person, when Texas kills one." John Bonifaz "Free Speech for People" Repeal Citizens United
hi!my friend and i talked to you this morning infront of Hermes!It was very nice meeting you!Love always x
Kind of relishing tonight's #primary results - further proof the #GOP is a hot mess...
damn that is 1 nice dick u got there
OK, this collection is 70G. I guess that won't fit into one archival unit. Must split into four.
Aww! Such a stylin' girl :) Honestly though, green is big for spring '12.
eBooks are really hot right now, and will only continue to gain in popularity. Thanks for using the service!
Gondor is doing fine, actually
that is awesome.
I'm rebelling against your cool club because I think you're douche bags
#amomentofsilence for the ppl who can cook. I just f*cked up a tuna sandwich, sad but true. Well Pollo tropical it is.. thanks to sos!!
Things us NY actors shove in our 18 bags RT headshots, stapler, different audition outfits,make-up,GPS,phone charger,snacks,H2O
:) That makes it even worse. But, enjoy!!!!
Why are web sites for churches usually awful?
BTW, Hugo is a beautiful, inspiring film. I love it, and everyone should go see it.
Run home! Do it! :) Please?
US Grappling submission only tournament this Saturday.
My kids hate it when I get a new cd. They know it's all they will hear until I get another new cd.
I agree. Just thought it was funny.
Without goals, and plans to reach them, you are like a ship that has set sail with no destination.-Fitzhugh Dodson
#CODYJAKEUSTREAM #GOLDCOASTFINEST #WELCOMETOPARIDISE (shelly) from wisconsin (i love you cody i will cry if you see this)
Haha that's awesome. Did you join in?
#followfriday Peter Kearns - photographer for Montana
Justin:BELIEVE TICKETS ARE GOING ON SALE Me:AHH Justin:SOON me:DAMMIT
its busted for me just toggles from login to register. Fields never change just email and password
Today's #petpeeve: conversations that start with 'you know what you should do...' ARG
you can support The Nature Conservancy this holiday season by using the pungle.me app!
there's three.. you said 2 lol.
No matter how good you get you can always get better and that’s the exciting part. – Tiger Woods
yeah the thunder all the way
More new gear for Alaska trip from and Can't wait to leave. Definitely can wait for cc bills!
Don't you hate it when people don't get the hint?
Aw man! I missed Big Freedia on Jimmy Fallon
Lol RT : I got in a fight with my shoestrings this morning.... It ended in a tie >.<
So cool. Thanks for sharing.
i think that can be pretty universal. there's "cool kids" in every industry.
Change your thoughts and you change your world. - Norman Vincent Peale
Find another one!!
Maybe that's a good thing :) Maybe your career helps too. In my job I have to try to pretend to be +very+ serious, haha ;)
When we hold a mind that is clear, we become peace. We are an expression of peace.
is awesome.... Now time for the weekend.
I thought you only ate at Black Eyed Pea : (
manicures and pedicures with then dinner with
In a lesbian relantionship someone plays the Man,in a homosexual relantionship they both play the Bitch..??????
No,not insecure.Open heart yes,but very cautious.I have been around the block and my outer shell is usually Teflon babe.
Representing at Regional Tech Partnership Luncheon Great tech infrastructure in place, but plenty more to do!
how often is it jokingly referred to as "haplogy?" my guess: very
Pretending to text when 2 girls are fighting infront of me
The Phillies need to grit and determine their way to five runs.
Girl look at that body.. Girl look at that body... I work out
When i fall asleep in class, i twitch, and then wake myself up thinking i just fell off a bridge :O
Call Me Maybe on the bus...! We will win
i have a male friend who is 50 and refuses to swim in ocean because of JAWS movie..OMG.....who traumatized this man? smh...
I am challenging them both &
Watching the Black Keys on #colbert. Good stuff.
": Im going to house to eat cereal,so i can have 2837483928 diffrent kinds(:" lmfao Forreal I have a shit load!
Love it!
Keep an eye out for OB Denver at some of your local colleges...DU on Wednesday and CU Boulder on Thursday!!
Today was a good day expect the part where I was in a water fight and it was windy and cold outside!
"I use the library website to learn about fun new links to webpages I might enjoy!" -No teen, ever.
Life is meant to be LIVED & I am the master of my own happiness. No one on this earth determines how fulfilling or meaningful my life is!
Haha! And pigeons, cobras, frogs and various other animal-inspired yoga poses. (Frog is the WORST)
i'm definitely down for a challenge. i would like to take the dog for a walk, but it's 96 degs....
All groups who submitted a programming arc turned in their programming agreements and now have a budget for Fall 2011! Success!!
how is that az life
If you're in Seattle, my dentist is great. Dr. Bajwa at Smiles on Madison. :-)
The color of your eyes run deep through me, I stand alone waiting for you. "It's About Love" by The Medic Droid.
thanks. It's is amazing he was once a tyrant and now is trying to be the most impactful philanthropist.
well that is good
Finally back in my room...
Glad you liked the #appnationconf panel -- If you're in SF you should come visit DD HQs!
RT : #superbowl was amazing. Exciting final moments, as always!!! ;))) We wish it was always so good!
Up, OPEN, and ready for you with fresh HOT Coffee. Dbl Punch Drink of the day: Hazelnut Latte!
Thanks for helping tweet #UWeather today!
While I was waiting for my to-go order, the lady at the pho spot just subtly, but I'm pretty sure intentionally, touched my butt.
I hope you all have a good night and day <3 ILove You(:
2006 WSOP Champ Jamie Gold to Hunt Ghosts on TV Umm ok lol
A marathon is preventing me from getting to my place (or to my favorite bar)!!! What the heck!
Man, my thumbs are tired.
What's doing? Not sure, but I'm bound to hear something about her dad. :P
YOU LOOK LIKE AN ANGEL!! <3 ;)
Aah Okay, Sorry For Asking. Thanks Anyways x
Glenn Beck wrote a book called Arguing With Idiots? Odd that he would give the opposition tips on how to deal with him.
OK, did I mention I survived the weekend? Now just three more absolutely INSANE weekends to get through before I can have my life back!
Yup again
MUST<U+2600>Follow :-)
no grass. i laid out by the pool.
I know we'll be there in 10!
remind me to smack you if we ever meet.
The problem, then, is that you have a self-selecting bias in the survey respondents. /cc
working on stuff for a women's luncheon at church this weekend (super excited!) & listening to adele. makes for a great monday!
Time for the black mumba to strike
True...but have to wait 4+ months! Plenty of time to get use. Everything else is cool right?..maybe icloud will replace dropbox
the internet is not entertaining me enough right now...sigh...what else am I supposed to do?!?
cousins wedding. Gonna get the Marriott downtown on board with crazy greeks dancing on tables and breakin plates!
Thanks so much for RT... much appreciated!
I shouldn't be up..
My lips are so red from chugging a Gatorade <U+2764>
Currently listening to: goodnightmusic - addicted
The power of accurate observation is frequently called cynicism by those who don't have it. ~ George Bernard Shaw
He will definitely scare away the carnivores but the herbivores might rear-end him. Happy Holidays!
Just got tickets for Aug.8 Resurge Battle of the Bands at Rex theater in the south side. there $12. come help us win!!!
- my husband had played since he was 12 and now plays online every day - have you found your local club?
So your life is what you make it, and success is for the takin' - If all you do is sit around, then your life is only wastin'
Thanks for the link. Very cool. Ive worked with Autodesk on 3D print guitar hardware that was fascinating
Across the Sun is a great kickass portland band! Everyone should check em out!
Free concert with Jazz Guitarist Justin Johnson, cheese tastings and more at Grove today until at least 2pm.
Strange - heard a BOOM off in the distance and power went out for a sec
We hold fast to the things in a storm, which are most likely to blow away- and yet we neglect to wear sunscreen, on a bright and sunny day
let's hang this weekend and catch up? I'll try and fine a few bucks for gas and head down.
MKE NewYearEve @ Aloft Hotel... Just been added to poggled & gogedit dot com This Event will be EPIC
....this State of the Union is like a Shabbat service. Up down up down up down.
lol I can't go, havee fun!
ok. whoa. mood just sky-rocketed. I just realized exactly how many incredible things will be occuring for me within the next week.
make sure you share when you find it. XO
No prob... That's what is next on the agenda. Trust me.
I hope we all learn something from trial trials & tribulations of the great angel Whitney Houston. Keep K Costners message in mind w/stars
Topped out today with 125 cappers with action going tonight and 5 consensus total, 2 NBA,2 CBB and the 1 NHL with Flyers/Sharks over
me too, but it's still summer so we should take advantage of it while it lasts :)
No accountability just blame
U.S. Stocks closed mixed, ending off their session highs, as euphoria from this morning's earnings reports faded & tech giant Apple slumped.
Is it time to change your profile pic?
A little rain never hurt anyone, just a little, no more than an hour! Hopefully it dries up before pays me a visit - Excited
Obv. Nothin like frozen jalapenos to start a weekend right : Loving the poppers
omg thts really funny nice
I hope you have a great Mother's Day! And when you go out for dinner, I hope u get the group discount...for all five of you!
message me
blue moon = the marcels goodbye little angel = nicky van save the last dance for me = the drifters good old days = roger miller
hope you enjoy "Red" tonight .
#paperwhites set them up now for needed indoor January cheer
Question, it there something morally wrong with a sag/Aftra member accepting a role on popular a non union unscripted reality show ?
umm this Saturday? :)
Getting ready for my very own #maternity photo shoot with this afternoon - SO excited!
Get ready for fun now !!!!!
Lake Balderdash with and the Mareks!
Rise n Grind! I luv gettin up wit the birds , dats where I just can relax my mind n meditate. Long day today.. Tonite SuperStar Saturdays!!!
see you at the Yelp event
shit. I'll try. I'm not near the front
You get 'em girl!
Got my cartilage done.
stoaked you guys like the video keep the hits coming :)
im at the Phillies game...haha #faith how's the game going. I see up 6 with 5 illeftbin the 3rd
Go hard, today, can't worry about the past cause that was yesterday, imma put it on the line cause its my time
Thanks, We're excited to have too!
Success is dependent on effort.
:O I LOVE FLORENCE AND THE MACHINE!!!!!! Lady Gaga I can stand :D I'M SO EXCITED COZ I'M GOING TO FLORENCE's CONCERT! ASDFGH!
Of course dear!! :)
Christ died for me...so ima live for Him
Time is flying by but not fast enough
are you kidding if anything you guys are hipsters ...
Make sure your employees are communicating at their best in the workplace. Schedule a one-hour workplace writing seminar today!
overheating cats :(
Miami Heat
#ff my nigga we got some music coming soon, And I'm hostin his tape this summer!
Last day of 2011! Where are you ringing in the New Year?
there you are! i love the picture. sing it!
I'm eating a grab the gold and coffee right now! #nom Thanks for the follow!
yea Grizzlies live for this kinda game.. But so does CP3
So I think my best friend Marry kinda sorta hates me at the moment. Honestly? I'm not quite sure what I did.
Last show of tour tonight! Our hometown return at the Rickshaw Stop with and Steve Taylor
When I was a kid, I went to the store and ask the guy, Do you have any toy train schedules?
gotta love the playoffs
"Stronger" just came on the radio and it made me think of <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
is trying to kill me. Okay. Not really, but first Dill Pickle Chips. Now BLT!? If they make Bánh mì next I am in so much trouble!
“: CANT WAIT FOR EDC!!!!!!!” I want to come this year!
If ever acted like she didn't know me in public? I have no other choice but to also RAPE HER in public .. Sorry, not sorry
Ive got a few additions to Team DrewPhillips.I'm welcoming a new talent agency for a trial run for commercial and theatrical representation!
If I didn't have a network, it wouldn't matter what I did on social media. I have street cred built up and can now use it.
how u "think" somebody scratched u?
:) RT #BillionsAndBillions of rows of data
Close tie with pumpkin spice latte: SALTED CARAMEL MOCHA.
Of course I'm going to a fake ICONiac's house for a party on madboyz birthday <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
There's always going to be way more talkers than walkers. And for those that can do both
1 lawyer said 2me; "Joe, there is NOT enough $n the world 2 defend u n this case vs the irs, we would have 2 put the entire system on trial"
Ugh....glad that went to commercial
This coffee does not taste good.
You're most welcome, brother. Always like showing my friends some #FF love.
Happy Birthday ! :)
Thanks Corey! Great career ahead! RT : FF !! Great guy, took me under his wing! Appreciated!
[Prov18:21+Num14:28+Isa57:19] Let's consciously choose to not speak negative words which turn our mouths into weapons of self-destruction.
If plan A doesn't work, there's 25 more letters in the alphabet.
It's 11:11 make a wish, an make a wish an say, It's 11:11 make a wish n make a wish n say I hope u come true
Hanging out in the Newark airport waiting for my 6 o'clock flight
haha. I mean I heard a remix at the club a few weeks ago and it was good....???? AHH. That's my only confession
There is only one success--to be able to spend your life in your own way. -Christopher Morley
The nation of Stankonia said they would drop bombs over Baghdad
9 HOTT THEME SETS!! COME CHECK OUT THE FUN!! PLENTY OF TIME LEFT!! "Sarah Palin" on stage now....
Safe travels. Enjoy your weekend.
all summer camp themes done! Find us at our studio's in Novato, JCC, Marinwood Rec. and I am looking for a place in Mill Valley. Anyone?
just heard about you girls' success in events! Fashion student at PLNU looking to connect and learn more about your company!
Enjoying Scott Wolves's short crime diction, "Controlled Burn." Upstate Vermont noir.
Updating Entire Facebook Page and Adding a "Like" coupon code for all likes :) enjoy your weekend everyone!
“: #DearDaughter ~ You Have Invested...Your Very Best. His "Best"...Has Not Satisfied You. Leave. #Dad #drMM”
Its a small, small world.
Mondays in hotels are sad, depressing places.
I cant go to my SRA 1st period because of an "air show" with paper airplanes..ok
Figs are in season anyone know of a cheap market with all kinds of figs for sale in Chicago...Let me know where that Happiness is please!!!
Going to see 21 Jumpstreet with the family
I really need to stop this whole "i'm a social smoker on the weekends thing" - it's gross, and it makes my throat hurt. NOT WORTH IT.
Happy Halloween to all the trick-or-treaters who saw me changing in my room with the shades up.
Wang? Embarrassed? Did you just start following hockey on Long Island?
Addicted To Trigga <U+2665>
Its a sweatpants n hoody day
need to understand environment, culture, what works, what leads to success so you can be in a position to make change
keeps playing yes by lmfao and the song is now getting on my nerves
EMILY CAN'T LEAVE. SHE "DIED" ONCE I CRIED FOR HOURS. THIS IS BULLSHIT.
My summer goal of beating in mario kart is already complete. What to do now?
That's the one thing we didn't do when we were there. Was it wonderful?
I am officially done with my undergrad !!!! What a relief.
lol is there not really a lot of calls in the morning? idk what Ima do with myself, I don't like to read and don't have a PSP
yea? for sure let me know. hit me up at
I hate it here actually. I'm 40 minutes east of Syracuse. Once I have my degree, I'm relocating to Boston
hurry up! We're waiting for you at
“: There are friends, there is family and then there are friends that become family.”
No. 1 song Holy Balls in Belgium. No. 42 song, Butterfly High on APD. No. 49 song, No. 6 on APD Americana Charts Album and No. 22 Hotdisc
Me, too! Goodnight!
Can't sleep now!
I'm happy to see that he did it in Cougs shorts! Go Cougs!
Everybody wants 2 be the star of the show...
YES! RT : We love Dan Wagoner!
well u fucked up
Realizing that i have no guy friends.
ditto...ROBRADY design....look forward to working together this year...
Thank you!!!
just blinked......
can't call it, how you been man? Been a minute, hows the lp coming along?
Athens bitches be flexin
I hope I meet u and Della reese someday.
I refuse to believe Whitney Houston is dead. Man, this is just so sad :(
Fuck yes. Mutual. Now some CBL for you.
On my way to my photo shoot :-)
giving a high five to your teammate.
Happy mothers dayy
anyone in the Vegas area need some construction wk done? Dry wall / metal framing / paint, etc..com or res? I have a great referral!
me too! <3 let's do this. I'm overly excited! We can leave at 12:30!
LATHER UR HANDS!!! LMAO NITE MOCK SEE U TOMORROW
show off
Thanks for the word I'm planning on working on it later today. What a great site you've put together
it was not my birthday. It was my cousins. Still had a great time. Karaoke baby.
Some girls are seriously pathetic. Lets try growing up
you to come someday to HOLLAND! i hope so <U+2665>
thanks for the RT, Matthew!
finish dming me !
Really bummed I missed this convo.
May We all Join Hands and Pray So Our Father Hears Us Following His Commandments
It's no prank, we're open until 6pm today, so come check out our 16 exhibitions! And Happy April Fool's Day :)
What up, Illinois?
Great. Looking forward to connecting. Have a great day.
Freak out, let it go.
New month...turn your training up! We did at IMPACT this morning ...1 down 1 more to go :)
thank you!!!
Can't wait to party with everyone tonight!!
Probably. According to Foursquare, I've checked in at over 50 times :)
I hope they let me have the day off of work tomorrow
We're excited to have you!
Relationships are a lot like housecleaning. If you let things pile up, it can become overwhelming and unmanageable.
You better be showing Oklahoma City how LA gets DOWN!
Sorry! I love me some bear puns!
While pulling an #MIA finger symbol out of his #Giants coat? RT : I think he may have been bobbing his head to...
Recovering a long weekend...
#harrypotterlive Qyestion: Whats Your Favorite Scene In The Movie?
why you butthurt about me mocking you?:(
After naming our first pet "Loki," Maura is hypocritically disapproving of my suggestion that we name the next one "Abaddon"
Michael Savage: Getting me through the afternoon.
College student creates automated dorm room, includes emergency party button
Cake cake cake cake cake !!! Put my name on her!
think the same goes for us brewers fans too
My DREAM is For You to Follow ME ,iWas Part Of Making Yours Come True, Now Make Mine Come Truue <3 iLoveyou! ;D 2
- because it's a cold wine?
oh.... B careful they may b DL especially out atl.....
Great! Keep up the good work...I am a songwriter/Artist.
I'm shaking from being at the gym Body's not used to this:,(
look for the girl with the broken smile.
The probability of someone watching you is proportional to the stupidity of your action.
It's finally taking a nap :)
PickUpLine: I wonder what our children will look like.
My dad always comes through w the funds.
say 'eye' then spell 'map' then say 'ness'
DOUBLE TROUBLE!
What Group Shxt.!
For a comic you sure are hot!
- Exxon shows a profit of over 12 billion per day while GOP fire teachers & you're splitting hairs re: Obama on marriage?
Haha you have me memories from your ustream chat when someone repeatedly asked you if you liked peanut butter XD
Say something if your feeling the vibe!!<3(: hahha love it
Just got twitter!
*Premium 5 sessions on sale for $35* Stop by to check out our other January specials!
"i am a part time plumber"
Getting a great parking spot is like having an orgasm
yes rt ": and let me just shoot Christina before the lesbian Justin comes on. #TheVoice"
FREE GROUP FITNESS TRAINING: Join Nik at noon tomorrow (Monday) at Accolade Fitness WEST. You'll learn how to use the machines, proper...
#WhileInARelationship bitches everywhere.
Independent filmmaker/director,editor/photographer with a strong team behind it. Lets shoot?
Good Morning !! click "LIKE" NIlima Rugs and go get yourself a cup of coffee. :)
please follow me i love so so much ima big
RT when?...early next month..but I don't want to be bored and I am going to have to drive to DC...damn...smh
What did Maple Grove save some goals from the last couple of times they played Blaine in sections?!?! 15-1 DRUBBING!!
“: #LastThursday and #GreekFest all in one week? I'm a lucky girl #pdx”
Good morning my tweeters!!!
Oh no, I gotchu. Usually more & I know of no other story. Bleh!
Lilly blew my mind...and my cell phone's battery. Thus, no more pics today.
TWITTER IS BORING cause it's dead
If you haven't already... Get on it! www.facebook.com/zakdowntown new music video and songs up there.
Tomorrow is the day I put on a fake smile and pretend my life is so damn perfect.
Baby you're the one I need tonight
"Just your presence makes me fart" DEAD LMFAO
Amen. RT : #Jobseekers Functional resumes that lack chronological work history makes you look like you have something to hide
Love this j lin guy, but really how many ppl are tweeting his stats!!
Free promotion? Get more for yourself at the site on my profile. You will thank me :) do you follow 4 follow?
Haha the game just had Vikings ups and downs! ROFL! Ups haha thats funny.
Had a great day at the final day of the Gainesville #FriendsoftheLibrary book sale. Everything was 10 cents!
Here's an idea: instead of sending billions to Afghanistan why don't we just spend it over here? Why waist it there when here we'd benefit?
yeah that felt better.
yeah well whatever
Any idea when the pre-order bundles are shipping? I'm getting anxious!
Another frigid winter day in NYC. Might only get up to 68°. Damn you, Punxsutawney Phil!
How about Bowling for Columbine, Erin Brockovich, Munich, Mississippi Burning and Ishtar (just because it was really awful).
thanks y'all I had to go run some errands, thanks for the help.
Seriously can't get out of bed to go to work... ah ):
Don't get me wrong, is a great person, clearly. But this is probably the biggest free agent in HISTORY.
RT Catch this one-day sale! Alaska wild-caught Sockeye salmon is only $7.99/lb tomorrow 1/20/12 don't miss it!
Zach Britton continues to politely decline Rick Dempsey's offers to massage his ailing shoulder. He's a smarter than I give him credit for.
RT : I don't sing because I'm happy; I'm happy because I sing. ~William James
waking up was a blessing..getting up is a choice...winning is the Only option!!!
No, there is still no power, water, or phone service there.
he did. Before Fallon. Watch again.
Oops Gorbachev & Sean Penn went to Von Steuben not Gage...My b.
just over think !!!
can you adopt babies at WHS now?
Spouse is asking whether my colleagues can give me an incomplete on the conference.
"Go instead where there is no path and leave a trail." Our Cub Scout Pack says: "Leave no trace."
Congrats! Such a rush.
MOCA Names Curator Jeffrey Deitch as Museum Director. MOCA PACIFIC DESIGN CENTER what direction this will take in terms of shows?
GOODMORNING! TO ALL
Dreams are simply a projection of your own reality.
Compete, make money, succeed, earn NINJA STATUS! Join us...www.BrandNinjas.com
I decided that when you return we should celebrate with a picnic. In the park.
The kinda guy I like! Small town cowboys,big trucks and strong who loves me for who I am(:
Im turning 20 this month, Im not sitting outside nobodies gma house or in my car just to see anybody.
u got the tracking nunmber for my shirt???
indeed, FAIL :(
I still don't fully understand how smart, or even moderately sensible persons become idiotic and overly impressionable people when joined
We are big big fans of Crown. We are also big big fans of a free ride.
On days like today, I love my job!
"Doctor, always do the right thing."
Buying out Target on a Friday night. Solid.
is going to 's dinner party fever or no fever. This is largely because I can't get off her sofa in time to avoid the guests.
Now in the 4th quarter of a long experimental film with a Tron soundtrack.
Watching everybody hates Chris.(:
Producer Bernie Goldmann ("300") will be on the "SCRIPT READINGS: DOES THE STORY WORK?" panel on 1/30/10 at Carnegie Mellon.
If I died would you even notice...?
It's on! See ya soon, SCOTUS.
Secret Circle finale!
cleaning up my room listening to the new John Mayer cd :D
....I wonder how making new friends might possibly change my relationship?
i got 99 problems but a #bitch aint one
same, could be better, but it's getting there
Fatboy® partners with for a football celebration like no other, First Annual Maxim Tailgate: Salute to Heroes on The Big Game Day!
How come so many people like caramel macchiatos?
hahaha what I can tell you ;) lol
I'm sure Brailsford will sort him out. Doesn't really become a World Champion in a home Olympic year.
Thanks for following everyone! Try get me too 1000 followers anyone? #RT shout it returned
Cheryl was hating on the acting but once the bullets started flying she's hooked. I feel a Jim Thompson style twist coming on.
So alone. … so ALONE!…SO Aloooonnnnee!
Anyone else noting that when Royals lose, SKC wins. When Royals win, SKC loses. ??
A great presentation starts with a clearly defined purpose. ~ Bob Pike (who wishes you the luck 'o the Irish today!)
at home #hoe I'm sick
Cant sleep we must be crazy
An organization's success is always the result of the efforts of many people. Smart leaders harness the power of people at all levels.
thanks for following !
Hope everyone has a nice weekend.
I gotta get my feeders out, too.
I'm a dreamer and dreaming is what I do
LMFAO @ A WET TEE-SHIRT CONTEST<f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+0086>.....
who would you guys choose? #hologram at
Violence was common at the shows the Silver Beatles played One night they were ambushed in a parking lot after a show & a fight broke out
Thanks so so much Ryan!!
It's only been a week but I feel like I've been away from NYC for months.
Just saw an IE9 ad on TV. Proving Microsoft's target audience are people who don't use computers.
What this is AMAZING!! Thank you so much for this, I don't know how this slipped past our feed! We'll be sure to RT!
We are having equipment issues and will be closed pending a fix. We will let you know when we are open again! ;-)
I did it again. Washed down sinus meds with Red Bull. When will I learn? Now, I have to run around outside until my heart explodes.
“: definitely! And ill help promo it too! #FollowBack” thank you so much.
I did - thanks for the coverage!
Remember, I know how to kill you and leave NO forensic evidence.
Hi handsome. How are you?
Bucky doing work! RT : Go Badgers! Sorry
There's a slew of memorable Michelangelo "Pietà" homage covers by Marvel and DC. Batman #156 is a good one.
Faced #professional rejection again today. I guess it just wasn't meant to be. C'est la vie. #Advertising… Love and hate it. :)
how can i be down ? lol
we have an operator getting "message not received" when responding to users via the widget. What do you need to check it out?
Thank you for cheering me up last night. You and your British accent rock the casbah.
I wonder if the president ever does anything with his time that benefits America. Nope not yet :/
The Black N Gold are back!!!
Megan Kelly on Fox News just fired up CAIR ... "Megan your awhsome!"
Please do. That's a puzzler.
Can still taste the #sparks on your tongue.
Wow full blown Jury duty orientation. Who knew?
Alright alright alight
When was i ever on your top ? Never , & Bc i want you to chase me first , Kk , it's not that easy .
To the gym directly after work to run some steam off, and hopefully some calories! Lol
Celebrity sighting: !
RT What I thought I wanted I lost interest in..
Walking wit my shades on around the house
ha mike richards
Eating healthy isn't easy but it sure does make a difference. Since I cut out fast food and all that kind of stuff I feel fantastic!!
The Heat
This is my new twitter my old one is suspended.
Date with my #1 man :)
yea man! Where are you located again?
Large construction crew tearing up the street right out side my office today in SF. Ugh.
So proud of Paisley for getting into DAAP! Congrats! xo
um hello!!! Who's going to see us play an acoustic set on thursday at Chain Reaction in Anaheim?
Has some fucking cool hair.
Jump into the middle of things, get ur hands dirty, fall flat on ur face & then reach 4 the stars.
your Jimmy Choos look fabulous, Kylie! Xoxo
tell people to follow me I am having a contest with my friend
Chillen listen to my music. d-_-b. on the way home
There's a Zamp in My Lamp and A Wocket in My Pocket. Dr. Seuss, thx for making the world alright.
When reality hits, it hits hard.
How did you approach shoes on your wedding day? Ballet flats, heels, barefoot on the beach?
i'm coming at 6:45
They say that drinking excessive alcohol lowers testosterone levels in the body. 2 oz/day is considered healthy!
Thanks for the RT!
New tracks sound tight, excited for the LP :)
My mom and this jherri curl <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
why dont you nguys offer an iphone 4 unlock once the contract is done?
Simon Van Booy speaks about his new novel "Everything Beautiful Began After" today at the Brown Bag Lecture series. 12-1 in the Rines!
RT - That's how we do it, Cleveland!! Only down by 3 runs now!!! lol
If you say so ... RT: Jimmy the Groundhog did NOT see his shadow - that means an early spring! YEAH!!
let's clean up your act lol jk
michele already making excuses!!
u bad as yo
Eating the cookies might remove ant temptation, so two birds/one stone with that plan, imo.
you and Hilly are an inspiration to me(:
no problem! See you soon!
Saying hello: These transfers hope a new address makes for a big season
Jog felt amazing! :) as alwayss
getting my desk somewhat decluttered. now if i could just do that for the rest of my office
I just forgot.......(BLAST DARK AND PEACE FOR FITING AND JJ FOR STEALING DARK AWAY FROM ME
#NiallFollowNarniaNeeds1D ! ;D How About It Nialler ? (: hm .
Not in high-school anymore.
What's going with don and the mother? Anyone else see that? Yep
Jo Ann Fabrics had a store they were liquidating and I got stuff for ridiculously cheap! This is going to be a crafty summer!
It's no problem :) maybe you will go one day when they come to your town :D
At least I came in second. Or did I cum first? I don't remember.
Just taking a nap !..
Habitat builds its 400th House on Monday, come by and check it out! 2528 N 20th Street 10am
gah! But that's the day after my Portland trip ends
Someone Like YOU.•*´`°•.<U+2665>.•<U+266A><U+266B> Hope yur're having a Great Day : )B
Well put (and clearly, on your part, well executed).
SERIOUSLY!?!? A7. Plates are for women - guys eat straight off the grill
about to just get down to business & finish all my work for the rest of my semester, tonight.So ill just be freaking done Except for finals.
fine by me.
Note to self -- commit murder on the southern coasts.
Please help top 100,000 followers. They're less than 300 away from that number (and they follow back as soon as they can!).
A win is a win. Go !
Can't wait to share our two big announcements tomorrow! Pay attention around 10 AM tomorrow morning.
Men never think they're being sexist. Whatever, we just won't run in their race then!
#NP Suffocate - J. Holiday
Looking for funding to help homeless people get their ID documents. Any suggestions? Thanks!
The Far West HEB is, in all probability, purgatory.
haha! Just saw that episode too! Pretty profound...
hey olivia i'm comin to the Gatsby to hae u do my first somkey eye. . . ya i'm15
Don't spend your Saturday or day off shredding paper. Schedule a pick-up or bring your documents to us.
hey Mike do you have an email that I can contact you with?
is makin banana nut bread :)
Watch the Kentucky Derby today. It'll be your last chance to see juiced-up 3-year-old athletes until gymnastics in the 2012 Summer Olympics
Unless you live in the country don't drive a manual car. Traffic is a bitch for your left leg.
This! RT : if you're looking for someone that agrees with you on every subject, you'll end up in front of a mirror.
how dearly do I miss the beers that happened at #scms12 Damn you illness!!
I'm thinkin bacon
loves his girlfriend
leaving to fly to minneapolis for #aam2012 eek! I think I have everything...
thanks Ashley. Have a good one too :)
RT : "If you build it, they will come." Digital Library Lending Up 130% by in
RT LMFAO!!! “: At least the tit is real. Lovely and sickening ,boom”
Integral Yoga donated $50 credit for food/drink purchase. We bought lots of yummy drinks from IY!
no I didn't know that but I guess I do now
Our grades due in on Tuesday. You?
If ya Wanna Party, Put Your Money On Smarty! ... Say Morn Research for Preakness.
So yeah, if you try to go to Belga Cafe, make sure that some jerk doesn't scalp your reservation, bc they won't stick up for you at all.
yeah to me Uni is still a school, it's where you learn haha & you're welcome! :)
"People don't care how much you know until they know how much you care". -John C. Maxwell
I think its cute when guys wear cardigans .
Mind you I just turned 19....
Pulling for
: please follow me:)
thanks for the RT. days only get shorter from here.
That's why she's with me
I hate my spanish class omg.
We have enough gun control. What we need is idiot control.
good work
One more day until SUPERDRAFT! When are you arriving?
Just waiting for that hit single from so that I can release it to the world..I have the future of the industry over here!
Except for herpies. That shit will come back with ya
Looks like great fun--congrats.
Melbourne, the word, makes me think of crackers. I don't know why.
Afternoon Warning. There is no safe container to store your values while you're at work; not living your deepest values will leak on you
i know the feeling i was like that last week..
It's a shame I'm probably going to fail my algebra class in college. Because without it, I'd never be able to get done what I just did.
I'm for real in love with Betty White
mane i feel u on that but whao lol
i love you past the moon and stars
RT : Kelly Ayotte asked about VP: "I have to go talk to some schoolchildren
I seem to have a high tolerance for most meds. Usually double what others take. Not anesthesia. It never works out well :(
You're like V. But we'll call you B. "B for Bendetta."
I have to ask. If you are such a God fearing man, why did you not only cheat on your wife twice, but abuse the city money?
The countdown has begun. These next few months are going to be lifechanging, and difficult.
Holy shit someone threw water on Madonna and she melted!!...Ding Dong the witch is dead...
sounds like a great way to spend a birthday lunch! :)
da Heat n Knicks need to hurry and come one im tired of watching Chicago n Philly
Guess who is going to be in Angola this weekend??? Get the Smirnoff ready!
My favorite animal is steak
Let's go Let's go Let's go! I really wanna go(:
Where did you hear this kick ass news?
Chistopher, contact who is in Taos via Twitter or Facebook.
Hiking the incline!
Last year a woman groom or backside worker went missing after Derby. Was she ever found?
SEND ME ONE AINT SCARED BROWN SKIN NOT RED LOL.....
Oil prices are lowering, I guess fining Oil Corps $52M got someone's attention! Regulations do work, especially for the Middle Class!
I was pulling for them too. The match at Newcastle will be crazy.
#theone? yeah.. k
I trRIED to use the USC DISASTER APP for the #GREATSHAKEDOWN on my new i-phone and instead got the Angry Siri app.
good luck tomorrow. Thanks for leading the team through adversity. An admirable job by you and this team. Go get the Gators.
yell at him!!! GIVE BIANCA HER PRESENT!
Shakespeare's favorite food was pancakes
Good question! Glancing at Wikipedia, it looks like 2 VPs have been nominated by the president & confirmed by Congress...
follow back ? Done
We've got a good human verification solution that is better than distorted text. I'd love your thoughts.
oh no
interesting timing, tmbg plays here tomorrow night!
Did every one have a blast last night at Arty and/or Axwell?!
with dragons and a 16 year old boy that meets NaLee and they go off on adventures
I wanna have a good grades without studying. I wanna have money without working. But most of all, I wanna love without getting hurt.
Do the hard jobs first. The easy jobs will take care of themselves. -Dale Carnegie
Just saw "Time Stands Still" Really, really good. Up until Feb 19! And now to go read the international news...
I only follow back REAL NIGGAZ & BADD BITCHES
Do you have soul ? Living in bliss ? Trying to scream threw all that the mist, just make sure that when you scream people realize you exists
Sixth Suggestion, Pick an evening or rainy Saturday afternoon where you can spend two hours together watching a movie or cuddling together.
The altar/prayer is your inspection station. Anywhere else, you may void your warranty! The maker of your vehicle has authorized dealers.
Did you make 6 months goals for 2012? You're almost there! How are you doing?
Good point.
Looking back at this ENTIRE generation, what grade would you give Nintendo? Give us your reasons why you chose the grade that you did!
TGIF!!! come in for some great drink specials all day and night long..
With 6 TDs, Ravens WR Torrey Smith is now 2nd in the NFL in TD receptions among rookies (AJ Green - 7)
nah he fell asleep with Charlotte, I have to go wake him up
miley cyrus dhfldsajfldsljf
Love does not claim possession, but gives freedom
OMG I want PHO so bad
Out KK versus AJ: Ace on the flop.
are you a UW Jewish freshman? COME TO YOGURTLAND from 5:30 to 8 tonight for some yummy yogurt with hillel!
sure :D
- yes! Every tues downstairs
Corey Hart is making 2 mil more than Ryan Braun this year... the hell??.....
So, there's this fcking number texting me, telling me that (s)he knows me and that I should know him/her but won't tell me his/her name! TF
It's all coming together... Now, if I could just find some time to sleep!
Weekend! If only I didn't have to work tomorrow. Oh well, at least it's only 4 hours.
That random bruise you find and have NO idea how you got it
so if he doesn't get first you won't be happy? I'm taking your word on that
US. I'll be at UT-Austin in English in the fall (moving from WGS). Turned down Pittsburgh based entirely on coursework reqs.
aww that's so sweet. I would love to ;)
My God today was awesome at University High School !! I started 4 prayer circles around tables at lunch and prayed with like 20 people!! =D
Thank you for the follow. It means a lot to me:)
STALKERS meeting tonight at that secret spot! You know the one!!
I miss my car.
insomnia from hell last nite xx
Gaining hot followers >
Yay for time zones... It's currently 1:23 pm in Sydney. Random time update :) who's all planning on going to KC? -Caitlin xx
you don't need one?vi go to FIU, neither do i
Over 25 instructors came from all around Australia, Perth in the West to Gold Coast in the East
is Nicolette there
What if hell is really the earths core
your tweets crack me up !!!
I'm packing for my trip to the #MW2012 conference in San Diego! I'm excited.
whose nasty legs are those?
Where in East Cincy area can I watch the #Packers every week? I really miss my team. Locally shown #NFL games not worth watching.
Does this explain bars named Blue Shamrock?
How about an animation contest and I give away some art??!?
getting ready to participate as a subject in a research study comparing 5 cameras that photograph the optic nerve.
We're excited about the warm January weather, and completing a rockin' website for !
Tebow 3:16 says I just blessed your ass
Keep it moving
Fill me in has Anne Romney ever worked a day in her life?
let me count the ways..ENJOY! Can u say Chocolate And TEA???
I must finish pulling velcro off of the cloth diapers....it's taking forever!
well it was wonderful. I have always loved the docs on the amish. Have u don any documentary work with the homeless?
Can't Wait To Get Dem Detroit Lions.....The Green Bay Packers Go Hard!
Then it works out, and your sentence is commuted. Till the next book.
She got a phat ass too...
I do...surprising no one reply yet. See how long it take me to find the link
Join us Tuesday: Exhibit reception for "Jewish Washington," an exploration of D.C.'s Jewish community, 6:30 p.m. at MLK....
#3WordsForYou live learn love.
You know this.
you may see too much of it! :)
Yesterday is not ours to recover, but tomorrow is ours to win or to lose. -L. B. Johnson.
my most recent camera purchase was a Canon from the 80's, so I think I'm immune.
Omg! wait. JUSTIN is in NYC ??!
Falcons need to get their **** together !
I will follow you back, but this better be more than contest spam :P
Hollywood Diet with Elite Personal Trainer Max "The Body" at Hollywood Body Club
you stood out bc stood out to me last year and now I can't help but like &share his awesome stuff
The Bungler was terrific tonight! So glad we got to see it and hear Julia and the cast talk about the play afterward.
Southwestern salmon #yum !!
RT : I have one particular talent which is knowing One Direction more than I know myself.
and btw...Twitter. How fantastic. 2 dudes thousands of miles apart talking in 2 countries about music and how awesome #SPN is
saw that this morning.....so hilarious! It's begging for voiceovers....
Facebook Keeps Fuckin Freezing On My Phone >:(
was being #awkward last night when we were skyping. Now I'm going to tweet her until she wakes up.
I haven't seen so much goaltending since last weekend's water basketball game! Tim Thomas thinks the Heat are good goaltenders!
im feelin alright
Have a great day.
Newark NJ Public schools and DrugFreeHome Foundation.org will announce substance abuse programs to keep kids safe
Once on This Island at Paper Mill Playhouse!
Time to start sketching the garden plans this year
mark henry is an big mother fucker
Mikayla&#39;s blog: Mini Me Wedding Cake Toppers can be the unique ...
Rainy, cold day + gobs of work to get done = creative dreamtime aka naptime ;)
Wine tasting tonight! Anytime from 6-8pm. 3 great wines from Kuleto- Estate Cab, Zin and Syrah. Enjoy them by the glass too
participation from faculty? or other departments?
Just had an amazing run around the loop AND the reservoir in Central Park. you would have been proud.
Half time mob 94 rats 44
You make it do good, I don't wanna leave.
Happy Valentine's Day from all of us here at the Y!
you're such a loyal customer, I would never get mad at you especially when you're eating from other trucks!! You rock! Eat local!
Hey Twitter friends! Stay tuned for a BIG announcement coming Thursday!
make sure u get us a copy of that mixtape 4 , we feature Indie artist on our radio and magazines.
Signed up for the GYM!!! Yayyyy!!!!
Naw this is like Peter Pan, believe and it will be!
#raw10 Had a Friend who was 500lbs, he dated a Woman who was 300lbs. He was telling me they ate dinner n bed. I thought Animal Channel.
what about Central America? Belize, Costa Rica or Nicaragua? Pelican Eyes or Morgan's Rock in Nicaragua are great!
Which reminds me, I need to buy a VHS to record my friends presentation. ;)
I feel like no ones on my side today.
You're still funny as hell- I love your show! You inspired me to lose the rest of my weight & I feel great! Keep up the gd wk
Good Mooring everyone! Hop you have a great day!
Please share with us your 100th anniversary stories, features, events, etc...
I would do very terrible things to get tickets to see Linkin Park!!
More cocktails!!
I know it's crazy. But I feel like with that beard Harden seems so much older
I may ignore you, but ima need you later watch I kno I am ! It never fails
There are heat guns way cheaper at any local hardware store or Lowes/Home Depot.
We're cusping. Family is becoming intergenerational. Giving more room to breath.
We're looking for a #WindowsVista backup or complete OS disc. If u have 1 plz tweet back.
Chris Brown <U+E409>
he's got a point. See him there every time I'm there as well.
Heading to Houston for series of #sportsbiz meetings. Train keeps rolling.
Save check-point? No Xbox, Please erase ALL progress I've made in the 18 hours I've been playing you. I will facerape your family, Xbox.
Sioure To release New #SEO Strategies Increase conversions
RT : San Diego city employees should please report to work tomorrow.
Or when they say "have a nice trip!" and you say "you too!" and they aren't going anywhere.
#FF goes out to today. Excellent, comprehensive blog for #inhouse counsel managed by former #GC in #tech field.
good ill back you up ;)
Really wish I was going to the White House Correspondents Dinner tonight. Hopefully I will someday.
I never imagined I'd call a late-August trip to Sarasota a respite from the heat but, 90 feels pretty awesome after 3 months of 105.
I get why they made the 1800, 100 proof label black now
I need 6 followers to 2780! :D
sew together 3 growl towels
Beanie time. Guess who's not doing their hair for the next couple months?!
Love my life even more after this news! (:
why you need surgery??
good for you for putting the dog first. So many people are selfish.
that'd be fun to bump
who's Robert Griffin I?
Facebook keeps changing, updating..yet they can't add a simple "dislike" button.”
“: Some of my readings recently include Niccolò Machiavelli , Plato, Jack LaLanne and Mark Twain.” u should read "everyone poops"
lol i know post something on your facebook status or something!! :)
bout to go do my thugthizzle
#chicago it's #rainy &#cold today! If you need to get somewhere find out where is Rollin' !!
Goss: Our work focuses on changing conditions in neighborhoods and schools for kids.
Whats with lesbians and not answering phonecalls? Is this like, a thing I don't know about?
Build some grooves off your 2nd rack tom (or 1st if you haven't got 1). Ride on it, use both hands on it and create grooves/fills.
Time for to call Randy Moss
one of the best speakers I've ever seen. Thanks Chris!
Thank you, Leslie!
What do I win??? A Visit???AWESOME!!
watching Maury and writing,
oh yes. Cant wait to see the lineup.
#np Morgan Page - In The Air - Episode 98
Jake Ryan from Sixteen Candles is my hero <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
then I'm off to
Now hooked on "White Collar" - in the midst of a marathon thx to
"But that was anonymous !!" "Dude..you put you're name on it."
#TebowGotTradedFor a Rex Ryan sweater vest.
Worked on the Winter leaves today for my tree mosaic! Progress pic tomorrow!
really dont want to be here rnn
I'll be happy to officially meet you too, Liz! In passing & online, but soon official : ).
I just got in town this weekend. Let's link up after the holiday. Sunday?
Thanks so much. This is my way of trying to give back.
.when we gonna kick it blood? >_>
Where's the global message we good today?
Can someone explain why i have to pay $2 to put my luggage in the trunk of a #dc cab?
I bet I could raise funds for it
Ok ladies and gentlemen my Bears comments are starting a little late today due to a rough night last night.
loll no its probly his other little friends . Connor is annoying loll
thanks for the awesome shout out, Jaimie!!
such bad language! Is that in the Holy Koran? I think not. Calm yourself. You know that I speak the truth.
Same teen as earlier looking for mysteries or non-fiction about knights. We had the same communication issues.
You went from wanting to get buff to positive influence. It's like you get really deep at night and get lost in thought.
Sushi is the best celebration meal. Fatty tuna. Asahi super dry. Memories of other sushi celebration.
Planet Tennis : Full reset. Fuse lit. Focus restored. Goals get blurry when your trying to launch from small unknown island...
Its not whether they think you won... Its whether YOU know you won!!!
Is your company's open enrollment for insurance coming up? We'll review your options for free so you know what you're getting! 757-486-4880
drinking of course...little kettle one mixed with whatever the fuck i can find...just waiting for baseball
Oh, writers. Also, I want to start using the phrase "And that's glummifying because..." in conversation.
If you want to influence someone, be sure you make them feel important. Criticism will only drive them to other options.
Parker Music in Houston this year will be celebrating 100 years in business. Wow!
Tebow gets confused. Thinks "Gang Green" entitles him to Kermit's job. Cookie Monster demands trade.
Live in an apartment? Want a container garden? Slow Food will install on Blitz Day, 5/29 Contact for more info
I just heard hail. Oh my poor car :(
Judaism140: 1 God, 1 chosen people. Do the Law (all 613), tell the story (Egypt to Zion, exile to return), repair the world. 2012 in 97502!
Go on
that's the major hurdle of writing a movie about truth. It's hard going middle ground in that area. Polarizing issue.
well, that was fast! Enjoy!
Dan let us know when you would like to meet up for lunch. Thanks!
What is in your smoothie this morning? I am thinking of raspberry, pear, romaine, lime and mint!
follow me betch; hope all is well.
good thing i'm working late RT : Grandview Ave closed in both directions at McKinley Ave. overturned truck
even w/o doing that -- it's not as though modern life has no drama just because of cell phones, even w/reception.
That cake looks wonderful! Wish I could eat a piece right now :)
***Associate Art Manager*** A Studio- UK
It's a beautiful nite for brainstorming.
Sassy is 's middle name
Not feeling holly nor jolly, rather grouchy actually
Everyone have a happy and safe weekend and cinco de mayo!
I have a headache. Taking a whole bottle of tylenol ... If I don't wake up, someone be sure to play brand new at my funeral. Thanks.
We second that!!
Thank you very much :)
Ah, St Patty's day. The day everyone pretends to be Irish. To all those who already start celebrating, have fun!
Hi. I'm Selena. -smiles sweetly at you-
Happy Mardi Gras from your friends at Anode where "Flash" is a multimedia platform not something you do on Bourbon Street!
im sorry, but i do hope u get better.
it's friday and a work day, gotta get some sleep to start the work day. good night and Go Mavs!
I LOVE the "on the next…" previews for Mad Men. They are just random lines that reveal nothing about the next episode. Brilliant.
yeah, but you had some tasty #Memphis #BBQ , right?
wuz up bra
That new wiz song bumping...
It's SUPERBOWL SUNDAY YA'LL! Come join us for the game (And commercials, of course) for $9 bucket of domestics ALL DAY... See you here!
exactly. Need to be hungry going into the playoffs. We are at LAX on way to Portland! Get you anything?
You are too funny! : They're trying to get Rihanna to play the VILLAIN in Fast Six? Stop this foolishness
lol yea buddy!!
follow back first please =) then I'll follow u =)
Will we be watching our Ravens this season or not?
SO much better!! Thanks MB!
Is it just me or did anyone else find that the third transformers sucked?
Wow. Bathroom fight @ 7 & 9. Can't wait until the teen years
#Obama is in favor of same sex marriage. IT'S ABOUT EFFING TIME!!! Geez man took you long enough.
"Fashions fade, style is eternal." — Yves Saint-Laurent * Find your style at SACHE! Come see us today! ;)
Hahaha, thank you, it was soo much to make!! :)
If karma could dance, she'd tango forever.
RT : Misread Amer Assn of Museums as "Assassination of Museums;" laughed.
Since I've never won anything in my life, could I just donate a nice amount and win coffee?? SO worth the drive from NYC :)
Why am i supposed to do?
Great Smile and dress .You were awesome!
recovering from cycling 26 inspiring miles to raise $ for MS
- you gotta be kidding me..
Voter Education Seminar Saturday, March 10 11:00 AM Rodman Street Missionary Baptist Church (Pittsburgh, PA)
You never have to refund the advance to the factor, but you must pay interest to the factor for any advance against the invoice.
Oui, oui...thought u were going to be here late with me :(
haha well be finee just share reading it with me itll take 30 seconds
Real men don't blame women for ANY of their problems especially when he picked her
sunday night -- immersed in powerpoint
Doing well - always trying to figure out the next step. Each day I seem to come up w/a different answer!
You know you're getting old when you catch yourself thinking that the trees used to be smaller
Thanks for the RT!
happy birthday ! (=
dog tired. no pun intended.
lol! Didn't think u was really into that kind stuff
Go to the Scriptures...the joyful promises it contains will be a balsam to all your troubles. Andrew Jackson
any clues on how to work with <input type="file"> in ?
I love my baby , I love what we have and were we going . I appreciate you more than will ever know . #6MonthsAndCounting <3
from the movie C.C. and Company (trashy but fun, a favorite).
Tonight, a special treat: a book printed on actual paper! Saving culture for Franzen one book at a time.
I'm SO excited, London then a train ride to Paris! I'm spending 13 days in Europe :)
Uptown is hopping! So festive!
you guys need to come down to ATX. let us book a show for you!
RT : If OU goes to the SEC do our players suddenly get faster?
RT : "Sir Richard, life is a game in which the player MUST be ridiculous."
Wow my band just got put on a random battle of the bands that no one set up???
how can i service you with my hip-hop recording artist precise dj pack for his latest joint "shot's fired.
What do they call Chinese food in china? Fast food? They probably have burger joints up & call them American restaurants.
no commericals? where did you hear that from?
Me, too.
Hi I dont like pie.
- Hi, Joyce ! Nice to see you in my space ! Welcome ! JL16
I am glad this topic is getting old to you too!!
would love to. shoot me an email. my address in on my website
ya sorry the feminist studies class.
Random tweet: why does Metta World Peace always look dazed and crazed?
Rouge Tours are open if you're looking for indoor snowday fun. Our buses are running slow and steady. Drive safe, esp. today!
And that's what people pay for - to see the bad guys get beat. Sonny Liston
follow me back :)x
Sounds like fun!
Ladies, place your heart in the hands of God & he will place it in the hands of a man who he believes deserves it.
Guys that are Tall
I had a dream that and I were best friends and doing a show together. Why can't dreams be true?
partner releases were coming out every few months to provide time for feedback on each one
Goal by Paul Vella to give the marauders the lead. 2-1 Saint Peters!!
that can't be real LOL
How can they possibly walk in skirts that short & heels so high & when did I become a cranky 97 year old?
Dear Camera, Why do you make me look so ugly? Mirror is so nice to me =P
Want to follow the personal feed of one of the people who contributes to twitter feed? It's me!
The Mequon man who hit a bike cop last Sept. while driving drunk was sentenced today. Hear what he had to say in court at 5pm.
How often do you have your #AC system checked?
She should. My hips don't lie.
21 Jump Street was funny.
ay up - whats the craic Cassie! What warmer-than-Kent locale are you at these days?
four words: Walk off grand slam
Some people LEARN to be fabulous. Others were BORN to be.
The weather outside is...sunny.
ill follow tomorrow i hit my limit
What's everyone listening to?
Casting Director Jodi Angstreich is on twitter!!
"Are you happy?" I can't describe to you, at all, how unbelievably happy I am...nobody but me will ever know it.
unless either base runner scores. Those are CJs runs.
real men always take it we dont never ask
The World Health Day Twitter chat will continue.
just got up time to get up ya another day for the blocka
On my way to my grandma's Xmas program @ church! Get it grandma :) more memories to cherish ;)
Feeling so sick today :/
haha you're very welcome<U+E415><U+E056><U+E057><U+E414>
Happy Birthday Elvis
It's only going to shift more as more more browsers add the unified search/address bar. Coming to Safari in Mountain Lion.
I don't need a horse race to give me a reason to drink bourbon...
I agree . If that happens , I'm going to run on stage and sock that girl in the face. nbd.
Dont be sorry HOE be careful
I trust you made it clear he should come in through the raccoon door.
I MaY nOt LiKe ThE STEELERS BuT i HaTe ThE broncos So ThE STEELERS BeTtEr KiCk SoMe A$$!!!!!!
TAPE has 3 more previews until our official opening on 9/13. Get discounted tix to previews by using the code "FRIENDS". www.tapenyc.com
Thanks! That's pretty helpful. :)
boutique also = unworkable electronics/outlets, paid WiFi and no pool (guests can use facilities next door!)
what kind?
It's high time to allow love and respect of others to rule.
I don't understand how people can get the words "our" and "are" mixed up. Are people that retarded?
lives with me in Atlanta! :)
So doesn't like to follow back:p buttcheek it's ok I still love you 110% ;)
Age is what disqualifies the student, but disability is the reason some kids are 19 when entering their senior year of high school.
No, I did some of that too. I had 40 hours of travel to schedule. :)
Damn Novak got 2 blocks. :: pinches self::
are we heading back into winter, dc? the seasonal progression seems to be one step forward, two steps back...
this isnt fucking fair. I just want to go to sleep and forget about everything. fuck fuck. fuck you. fuck this. i hate everything. fuck it.
who r u
how did it go? Good job on getting 5 miles in. do you listen to music while you run?
Well, we writers are an angsty bunch! We need all the encouragement we can get!
This blister hurts. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
Thanks Shadyside Little League, great turn out for your baseball awards last night in the Ballroom! It was standing room only!!!
OK, that is too cool. If you have butterbeer & chocolate frogs, I will change universities faster than u can say Expelliarmus!
My understanding was that Santorum was against self-deportation outside of marriage.
Lil B wrote a book?
I'm confused by this trade. Williams scores about 21 ppg and is 3rd in the league for assists.
Sounds so fresh after hearing tired-old GOP ideas during the debates for so long. We need to hear from Obama far more often.
To switch, I say! Or Typepad, it has the cutest layouts...end of girly arguments. Wordpress has lotsa options!
Home-made (vegan) bread pudding with almonds equals breakfast tomorrow.
presale is this saturday but general public tickets go on sale next Saturday the 21st Xx
Don't look back at your past. No regrets. Keep moving forward.
Smackoff is over, the fix is in. He's gonna give it to Chael.
Dear Apple; please clarify why I should pay 4.99 each for apps that should be native to your #iphone? Like iPhoto, GarageBand, and Pages?
I am playing the new(2) Hartke HX112 HyDrive cabs.Amazing "tone" big sounding+very compact+light weight design,versatile 4ohm+8ohm feature.
Happy 56th birthday to Bob Saget!
Thanks for stopping by yesterday!
whoa! I have absolutely nothing to say.
The situations name should change to the bitchuation!!!!
save me. Some random is trying to set me up with his Armenian friend. lol
ah man I better stop with the junk grab then...
That's awesome. I'm telling you we don't need a new truck just a fleet of bicycles and a flatbed wagon. :)
Roll a bit,crush a bit,roll it up, take a hit.
Giving kids red and blue balloons to get them on the right track early
when im angry ppl think its normal and when im happy ppl be like "whats wrong with u?" #confused lol
Lol forreal": smoke a blunt and the pain will go away :')"
. for the #Homeless is coming today to take our community members to a housing rally!
We just had an amazing #WomensDay! We hope all our hard working ladies did as well!
I used to love John Harkes. (When he was mean and a fan of the US.) Now he is too announcer like and neutral.
my son just asked how to make money so that he could draw it and then spend it lmao! i wish it was that easy...
TRY HARDER!
when u turn 14!
So happy to hear that! Getting exactly what you want is always a good thing.
Pick-up Line: Hey! I got a camera... wanna get naked?
Thanks for the RT!
Sausage, eggs, bagels, ham, coffe, sunny d, bananas, apples Mr. Martin makes a pretty bomb dig breakfast
haha what is this?
BO #CNN Supports
I agree! We had 15 people at our ceremony, then went out to a nice restaurant for lunch! My parents did the same- going on 30 yrs
Oh! and air hockey!
Just listened briefly, to your station...on my way to catch a flight..I am awake Now!!! Awesome! Luv It!!!
Good luck and Congratulations!
I do any and everything you want to Make your girl go oh-oh ...Why's he so fly I I I!!!!!
Agreed! RT : Great dinner last night with and Thanks!
New Justin Bieber with Far East Movement now!
Is it everyone's goal in life to ruin my day?
thanks for following me!!(:
Our Grand Ave store is hopping as usual. Harmony and crew are cranking out the coffee!
I've added shoveling and a rush hour commute in the snow to my list of experiences...slowly but surely, I'm becoming a Minnesotan! :)
yea. You?
But you won't actually USE The Facebook! LOL! <U+2192> Thanks to the power of online trading I now own Facebook.
Who gives af if Cady is bi? I'm Christian and I don't care.
my mentions are dead with someone do spr n make them alive !
Hopefully they'll be back again soon! Though likely at a bigger venue.
so cool! Can't wait to see!
happy birthday braxton!
W.flickr.com/photos/notomorrowartists ... Got some shots up using it as our gallery before our sites gallery is up.
I wish everyone could just be straight forward. Why beat around the bush
RT : Thx! RT Great interview with author Patrick Lencioni - Why CEOs Need to Think Less About Strategies...
Expecting a txt i wont get for days <<<
Keep your Schwartz to yourself.
haha! I was "Indian Spice"
email us support at urbantag
hey why no Millard tonite?
it's basically the best day in history. And that's a fact.
#IDoNotUnderstand why people still use PowerPoint
Big job for 2012 is going to be USING Big Data. Drilling down and making it implementable.
Business models for mobile are still not here yet for museums -
#WEIRD how all the GUYS that are serious about relationships with me..aspire to be ministers #HELLO im an Afrocentric Activist/ SEXologist
Sue me than. I will be waiting for the papers. Actually I think I will call INS. I bet you are an illegal.
R U going anywhere?
Hey guys, thanks for the mention!
oh very true oh an even longer wait!!!!!! Lmao
Great day in NYC today! Time to make some moves
Thanks, Avinash. It does at that, but gives us more to think about and, I hope, try to simplify!
Phone on silent: 10 missed calls. Turns volume to loudest: Nobody calls all day
Thanks for the follow fordieticians74 (fordieticians74)! :)
You should talk with He and are the resident CfA TileMill experts.
Just did week 4, day 1 of !
For those keeping up...Dad had a quiet night, good rest.
The feeling you get when you see HIS name on your screen
<---------- FOLLOW HIM! Awesome tweets. :) Wants to be a handsome billionaire? Lol. :) I won't judge, I never do. But, follow him.
First Day Of Clinicals. :D
Carrots & sticks are so last century. "Drive" says for 21st century work, we need to upgrade to autonomy, mastery & purpose
My name is Emilee and I'm attracted Gavin DeGraw...
I agree with you Scott.
We would love to. We will be there again on Wednesday! Thanks again!
thanks for following! Home of the
So nice joining in tonight! I'm a former bfing mom of Twins, and inventor of the San Doego Bebe Eco-Nursing Pillow.
lunch/cocktails? baseball? holler
Was Gucci my nigga?
Awesome! I very rarely win anything. So excited! Thanks! Can't wait to hear these speakers.
I want to reach into your tweet and change deadly to violent, but still made me chuckle
thanks for sitting with me
True or Fasle: Half of all emotional affairs become sexual affairs.
omg that's so epic
she's sleeping now, but she'll b up for DD!!
Bed time early rise for my 6:30AM Run then enjoying more glam time with my team to get ready for the Julep Ball!
Ah noted!
Yes! Matt Barkley is gonna stay one more year at USC!!
are in Nashville repping the Ravens! Get nuts
- scary stuff! Sorry to hear about the car, but at least YOU are ok!
I dig it
WHY and HOW did somebody just advise me not to do business internationally? Oookaaaay...
Digitization is not enough. User populations don't always use the massive platforms created for them.
Sounds like fun. I hear you on the speed...that's why I love speedskating/cycling. Plus these sports all look so graceful.
You can put it on the board
I am trying to write a dramatic poem about my Native Culture. I don't know how to start. Any ideas anyone?
Palm Pre vs. G1 Who Wins?
One word- "Sandra"
Al Madrigal says he had no idea what a train wreck is.
congrats bro
Shows what I know....great play by Forte
#alliwantforChristmas is Parenting with Grace
Looking at the screenshots, #BlackOps2 kinda reminds me of
Ohh no, BIG BIG mistake. Don't mess with Buc-ee's or New Braunfels**.
On audio, THE LIGHTHOUSE LAND by Adrian McKinty, read by Gerard Doyle. Middle grades/YA SFF, very good so far.
How good are macaroons? Seriously. How good? I haven’t tried them.
ugh difficult ass!
I brought my lunch to work today. I can't wait to reheat my Shaqaroni & Cheese.
yeah good point, I guess I don't think of myself as a Wisconsinite yet, maybe another 11 years will do it.
Happy #FF everyone! Sorry I have been out of it lately. Doing lots of techie stuff and studying for GRE...
Good Morning & Happy Mother's Day!
OMG! When it comes to wine, what a difference 4 dollars makes!
Anyone in need of a smashed Nintendo 3DS and a burnt beyond recognition copy of Mario Kart 7 hit me up. Interesting trades considered
My daughter's teacher loves to assign at-home group projects. Argh...it's just a test of the parents' organization & driving skills.
let me know when you want to schedule a metabolism test. We will give you a good discount!
I'm more tired AFTER drinking my Venti coffee from #Starbucks. How will get through 8 hours of work
oh yea chicago BABY!!!
Thank you! MT Expat Wanted to let you know how much my friend & I loved reading Screensavers. We identify bigtime.
hey! I haven't thought about it, casual dressy maybe? I am SO GLAD you are going, can't wait to see you!!!!!! Xoxox
I have been! Shouting it from the rooftops! ;-)
There is no direct evidence that ADHD is genetic, although it is inheritable. It is not caused by things like too much sugar in the diet.
And they need to let do what he do. The problem with the L today is that coaches restrict niggaz. you know that dude is nice
What team do you want to win the 2012 NBA Championship? Coaches should not be fired if their teams don't win that championship.
California has a hard time resisting the celebrity governor addiction LOL
If you can find samples, I can do my best to recreate. I would charge very little, if anything, over the cost of materials.
Everyone please go follow please3
for life.
I realized I'm obsessed with and love her songs. if she comes to Pittsburgh I will definitely go!
So do non-chubby bald guys.
Johnny developed a wiring harness problem, so we replaced it with Bad Cats at 25cents. Slabtown now has six machines at 25 cents!
How bout "An intense, compelling play on a childhood favorite"? That kinda what you're looking for?
Blu rays releasing March 6: Immortals, Jack and Jill,
Oh my Wiltjer just got posterized!
Just finished the gonnorhea project woo partaaaay
Off to NYC tomorrow afternoon.
I wish it were tomorrow, so it would finally be Friday and we get to know the results for jazz choir
Keep an eye out for TableSavvy; launching Summer 2011; will change the way you dine out in chi
We are un chien andalusia... and we will debase you.
haha, Bissinger thinks everyone knows who Skip Gates is.
Boot Camp this Sat 7:40 and right after we have our stretching and mobility class at 9am!!!!!
yeah I gotta leave by about 6:45 and probably won't be back until late...
I can ask the same question its all a matter of who cares the most
I really wanted a bunny for Easter
'Co-opetition is the name of the new game.'
Holy crap Ishikawa! Nice!
Yeah, I would've done better with Batman, Superman, JLA, etc..
Wow, I think just gave me wings! Cuz I'm flyin'
I usually love kids. But right now..in this moment...I wanna rip the heads off these rugrats next door :/ Haha!
Kane wins! :D
web team: share ministry web site is up... awaiting for the share ministry's input/request for changes.
KXT Summer Cut! Also Nada Surf.
I wish we could go back to last Thursday and be headed to see Luke Bryan right now.
I used to assume every tall black man I saw was an NBA player, but not now. I mean, not during the playoffs.
That sounds fun and yummy. PS Where have you been? Miss you! xoxo
“: Roscoe's Hop House Amber Ale....hm” cheers!
Just saw this and now I'm secretly hysterically laughing. Lauren & I had quite a moment over that scene. :)
Commercial idea - Real Mexicans sitting around are given Taco Bell. They eat it, shrug, and say, "Not bad." Taco Bell: Not Bad.
isn't coming to Georgia.
haha you using the
Watching Cool TV, Toto was fucking ugly. They would've never been able too hook up with Rosanna.
Singing ed Sheeran songs whilst walking through dc in hopes of getting the attention of a passing ed sheeran
Tweeting from Can Mobile Interpretation Also Be Social?
About to watch
Just now: GloZell burned her arm in the salt and ice challenge! Fans lied and said it helps skin! When it froze it instead! Cold chills!
Believe that you can do it. Don't wait for someone else to do it for you. Get up. Go get it. Live it. Become the You, you should be.
« You've waited long enough. Celebrate the return of #MadMen with a 2 hour premiere this Sunday:
“ So many errors frm the other team & still lost smh”
#goodwife season finale=cliffhangers galore. September is so far away!
in like two weeks!
Celtics offense looks awful...and defense for that matter
Just finished #c25k week 1 run 2 with #GetRunning – 28½ minutes of exercise and 8 minutes of running. Next run: Friday 6th.
I hate how everything in life turns out to be pointless.
Guten Morgen Thanks for following Newark Twinning.
Very nice! What are you going to do for shade?
Happy birdayyyyyyy love you cutie :*
I haven't thought about those in years! I had one in black.
#thevalueofafollower what's your brand worth? Look beyond dollar amount
good hashtag! Did you guys submit that for #ala12? I might go to that one
I seriously could have sex w this omnia 11 box right now
I got a lot of loot an I ain't lookin for a lady u can never play me I'm from uptown baby
Duets for sandpaper, sandals, and a flautist named Sandford.
"A friend brings out the best in you." --Larry Ramirez
Scratch that. Add girl talk! @ max volume for the ride to work. Now perfect combo.
So I really think you should follow your headphones! <111
RT : Don't worry. Be happy! - Bobby McFerrin #quotes Have a great day everyone!
's children are SO precious and so proud of their Daddy! got to talk to them in Hollywood. Keep watching
Side by side at 100+ with a woman driving a M5 all the way to work.
thank you! <3 if you think of any others, keep them coming!
I have lupus and RA, and it wasn't nearly as difficult as I feared to give myself injections.
#ThingsWeDoAtTheMovies Have Sex In Dha Corner Where Nobody Is!
My biggest thought is Chris Berman has to go. He talks and talks and talks. Not sure many ppl like him.
Nigel Kneale~ Were not quite so bumbling and hopeless as you like to think.
what's good bro? The music don't sleep!
Yum! We just might!!
sign me up!
Just got my packet for the race tomorrow. YOU GUYSS! It's so cool! I can't wait!
Also tryna figure out how this dam crossing gaurd just hopped out a 750 bmw I'm in the wrong line of work
Not the friendliest tender at this bar...
Bicycle bicycle bicycle bicycle! Oh boy! Oh boy! Oh boy!
Spies Like Us
Staying in SD 4 Thanksgiving?Why not hit up dtown San Diego&get hooked up w/ 5 DRINKS for only $12 's! #SanDiego #
Avatar are looking for a Talent Aquisition Manager for New York, 6 figure package + Benefits for more info contact .uk
Good God. Is CNN trying to give Fox "News" a run for their money?
Seriously, the Modular Mates Super Set are ON SALE for half off only until January 13th. This is a must have for every kitchen.
"Im Bored as Fudge"
Cant wait for Rezurrection
Listening to Nick Drake's Pink Moon, just borrowed from the library. Soaking in it and the melancholy twilight.
Why are you up in the middle of the night? Oh that's me!! Good night! Tweet to you tomorrow. Have a great day!!
Well tell me.... I'm certainly Drunk enough. RT : Not gonna tweet what I was just thinking about tweeting. Not drunk enough.
I don't like when people can start something but can't finish it.....---
You have GOT to believe that Johnson would have made one of those saves. Bylsma too stuborn to make goaltending change.
Come meet taffy and dolly
Oh hello lovely! I haven't seen your beautiful face in quite some time! Sending my love your way. Definitely see you in July!
If you enjoy christian music, you should check us out! We have tons of music to listen to and its new!
...if you WISH to LIVE LONGER or PROLONG an AMAZING QUALITY OF LIFE....simply "LOVE MORE"!!! #POWER&AUTHORITYLIESWITHINYOU
Bad by the Cab :)
i BrazilLovesAustinMahone i
Nice. I've got a Bod Pod check-in tomorrow.
No, I don't know what happened to Trisse. If startups we cover go under, we sometimes hear from them, but not always.
I don't think she understands that I love her:(
Denying a people of their history, culture, and language = Arizona ban o social studies. Revisionist history will be presented.
Can't sleep
It's Friday. Payday. Bought groceries to last me for a week. On pace to be out of food by Sunday.
Boyfriend is my jam #InLove<3
So I have to get a hair cut...what shall it be??
Thanks for following! You have accomplished some wonderful things :) Looking forward to connecting.
Dudes/girls who have children posting pics of them doing drugs & being belligerently drunk... Quit being a fucking idiot & focus on ur kid<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
I couldn't agree with you more.
Also, if you mention yourself or your company in the first 3 min of your #sales presentation, you are finished. Use #psychology to win biz.
Agreed! RT : Too much food and fun with and at
Theoretically, I see it but I think you underestimate the suckitude of bad failed pilots. Even snark can't save some of them.
lol they need to get their D up but 9-4 with the worse D in the league means Brady is a machine
Tonight Hurt w/ Jeffro, The Wandering Madman Music starts at 8pm, $14.00
Choir concert tonight!!
The most popular international McDonald's location is located in Moscow.
The last time #SportingKC lost two games in a row to MLS opposition you might ask? 50 weeks ago...That's just a little under a year
Yeah... It's made me a GrumpyMama all day long. NO Sleep & they did not warn us. Many thought we were under attack!
You can say that again...
Thank you I'd love to come to your town..If you know a place for me to play, please request.
Looking at old pictures of yourself and seeing how lame you were.
Indeed. RT : Just looked through this year's ADDY entrants. Lot's of great work coming from
Consider your wish granted
twitter zombie got me. start it over.
Georgetown alumni gathering in Mumbai is taking place tomorrow, January 20. Email for more info.
Looking forward to another great night for at debate. Heading down to for it now. If you see me, say hi!
goodness, it is raining awesome right now. great things are in motion, travel is coming.
Saw blood on the dancefloor's merch girl at goodwill (my work) today. Pretty legit XD
NBMBAA-MILWAUKEE EVENT: PRE-CONFERENCE MIXER TONIGHT @ MANPOWER STARTING AT 5:30. Mix n' mingle with Milwaukee's top companies!
My mom is the JDHS Teacher of the Year! Go Mama!
Let There Be Peace on Earth bit.ly/uRztte
Been thinking: if you are an asshole at least %10 of the time (I admit that I am) your twitter feed should be %10 asshole tweets
@ let's go sactown!!! kings ball!
I hate feeling like a jerk.
PSq will miss you! Good luck in SODO!
your crew could sleep in the freezer and still wouldnt be cool kids.
My phone seriously thinks its only 88 degrees right now? Come on. It doesn't even get that cool at night here.
Sadly, droid battery gettin low. Shall be offline soon. Let's catch up soon, k?
YOU KNOW i CUT Mi HAiR OFF!!..DAMN YOU BESTFRiEND!...
Getting a free chicken wrap after a long days hard work
Was down to 3100, out of 6000 start. Basically folded three levels. Up to 14000 after winning a few.
I need a new pair of toms. Good thing my birthday is in a month.
FYI, folks: you can compile 10 points in 1 minute.
Thanks for following PFAW Wisconsin, Senator!
It's harder to hate a real person than it is to hate the idea of one. ~
(via ) RT : Facebok Buys Horse_Ebooks For Bag Of hair And
my dad's friend told me to go put some clothes on. my clothes are fine. gtfo of my house wasted bastard.
I. Like strap on
It seems today that all you see, is violence in movies and sex on tv...
boo. sunburned today. :(.
Doubleback is quite good. After all, a Figgins is involved in making it!
A marketing student's dream: Morgan Spurlock, aka 30 days of McDonalds dude is screening his 'Best Movie Ever Sold' docu @ Marquette tonight
I'm pretty sure everyone I know is home tonight. There's a comforting solidarity in being party poopers.
cause she cheats!
Experience an earthquake...check!
You right about that!
Hm insomniatic #Longboarding ?? If only there was an option.... Hm there's night snowboarding .... Hm
www.is.gd/gijP8 Mayor McGinn's community media problem
I wish I had my Tequila a shot if that would give me life right now
I would feel claustrophobic.
lol i think i can yea but ima ask him first on which. any in particular? his folder ofsongs is insane, dont think he even has em all
3 more days until these tee's drop. Its about to be a D.O.P.E. year
Dolphins struggling to sell season tickets
I have to average a 97.667 this semester to make honor grad. Senioritis will have to wait.
I got the largest tax return I've ever gotten. Thanks Obama!
Life must be lived on a higher plane. We must go up to a higher platform, to which we are always invited to ascend; there, the whole...
she does? :) cool ok dude
We have a new project looking at street music in E Africa. Spread the word! Thanks!
No problem, anytime!
would love to do something with you soon :)
For some reason I shouldn't be in the house right now.
lemme know anytime you'd like to play some #minecraft -
I really believe im atartn to hate this mfr!
eating veggie chips and cranberry juice o__e
sad part is I can't be at either...because my full time employment has me in Brookfield that whole weekend. Kinda pissed.
No one wants to tweet Nolan );
Tamara Goodloe stayed up all night thimking about what she should put on her sign. She settled on 'Thank you Jesus. Dreams do come true.'
No sir. Hopefully next week
Nothin' On You Baby ~ Bruno Mars
Welcome to our #arabspring. Stand strong #occupyboston!!!
It's a dark day for racists everywhere. For the first time in US history, a majority of babies born last year were minorities.
I just threw a total wall-eyed fit about it. Do not make me come down there.
Watching UNLV at Boise st. At Harry Caray's in downtown Chicago. Turning people here into Rebel fans!
There was an earthquake!!!!!
Only at Dundalk location. Must follow or "Like" Ball So Hard University Alumni page to qualify
damn did I just turn into a kite?!
If you were famous for one, what would you say it is?
true story!!
A good deed is never lost: he who sows courtesy reaps friendship; and he who plants kindness gathers love. Basil
Um, WOW: “: an will now over they over an u That but people little before home never this ”
Thanks for an amazing day at the ! An incredible, once-in-a-lifetime experience - everyone loved it!
Overheard two people arguing about whether "mot" was a word.
If you were at the networking event last night and dropped your information, it WILL be in our directory. You will be notified upon posting.
God has blessed me with so much in my life! Great parents, school, friends, my girl , and most of all his love and grace!
Win Kelly Clarkson tickets this wknd on 105.1
How about my wife set two recordingS on the DVR and the channel changed to "Bethany Ever After" right before the goal.... FAIL
I'm taken and she taken when we chill it's like vacation
yes! Thx man
Haha! I beg to differ!
How to get your Trademark registered?
Really dont know what to do with myself..
Is it bad that my immediate reaction to Beckett's 1-2-3 inning was, "Damn, no one can boo that"?
oh, no doubt!
im gone hit yo phone
Thanks for responding. Please send a resume and brief cover letter to
I only have his name and look just like him
Technically, I'm single, but my heart is taken by someone I can't call my own.
Hope everyone had a Good Friday and has a wonderful Easter.
My favorite are the mint oreos covered in chocolate. I gained tons of weight one summer when I got addicted to those!
Thanks for the #ff and follow and everyday!
Too bad 's turntables don't play 78 RPMs. If they did, you'd have heard a lotta polka tonight...
Zubaz never die Nate
GO #NYJ! Going to be sixth seeds vs. sixth seeds in Dallas!
Swish nice catch
Happy Birthday !!
It was me! Sorry I didn't hear you and that we didn't get to hang!
crossover night Dec 31st from living faith church-winner canaanland-live via sat ,internet tv etc-with Bishop David O Oyedepo.
Knock my bad lol
Excited to get back out there vending! Brrrrr....I feel warmth should be back next week?! I will announce Juiced! Relaunch soon!
Who's watching Secret Life? Who's that doctor and how does Ben know him? Did I miss something?
whats good fam thanks for the follow
bitch imy punk
OMGOMGOMG I'm home and it's here omg.
Cookie and Gus from CA send their best. Hope you're having a great day.
Haven't been tweeting lately..I'll change it today
No MSG lol": I ate to much ate the China Buffet! It was good, but I'm paying for it now. -__-"
oh. my. god. I love this.
I had tried singing once back in Berlin. They threw tomatoes. After the show, I had a nice salad.
#merrychristmas and a
gorgeous right now. Not long before the end of the school year and my days can be again filled with writing :)
Changing my number pretty soon this is gettin annoying!!! (blocked calls) allday since Saturday night wtf
"The Wild Hunt" is a kick ass film from 2009 - loved it!!! All #Larpers should check it out!
Any of y'all disagree ? Feel free to come meet these hands.
speaking of Taubman, just sent you a FB message :)
It's not like Obama can overturn the court's decision. Why didn't Bush do it then?
I grabbed a Cajun bowl from up the street but am enjoying the Cafe's patio.
what? That seems like the most relaxing class hahaha!! I want a yoga class!
"I will bitch slap you back to Africa."
#LastTimeIChecked When you get into a relationship, you're saying "I'M DONE MESSING WITH EVERYBODY BUT YOU
How much quieter can you get than a library?
dirty version/instrumental/acapella and his bio/publicity photo.
#Bulls...all day!
#colorclass tomorrow cant wait to learn some new things!
the second movie was like a picaresque feminist vampire comedy and i was pretty happy about it. anyway.
headed to george lopez party and then to the highland park art walk.
Please follow me? I would do the best day of all, please.-57
Are you without dental insurance? Regular checkups out of pocket are your insurance against decay! Schedule today by calling 757-486-4880!
After school hoops today, my buzzins!!!
I can't wait to see the Sundance Announcements on 12/6. Hoping one of the short films I co-produced get in. So anxious.
Cool! A grad school buddy of mine is teaching there too, small world.
Off to look at art and the rich people who sponsor it
(Francois Rabelais) What cannot be cured must be endured.
If I can't be in a hot tub right now I may as well be designing one... along with a custom kitchen for my newest roof garden design :)
go, Tiger. Will be pulling 4 u! “: Feeling ready. #masters”
Thanks for thoughts on the 2 accounts. gets at my issue: how many tweets about sports, etc. are prof pals willing to tolerate?
It was colder in Milwaukee than in South Carolina this morning. Move the training trip to MKE?
No way! same heree!! ;P
Better 2 Win A Series in 7 Than Lose One in 4 or 6 Shout Out 2 The Mavs & Bulls
Thanks! Looking forward to spending a night w/ inspirational teachers & community members!
thanks, we're pretty pumped too! cc
Home sweet home is a place I've never know and my pain is not for me it's for everybody
No doubt but he's really been in a good state of mind even prior to yesterday but what a great night!
P.I.L.'s first single in more than 20 years, "One Drop," is actually pretty great.
How do you hate the Twins? That is like hating kittens. Next month I go to Cubs/CWS w/ a Nats fan and a Twins fan.
says 2800 cars/week are bought on eBay mobile.
I'll join ya..
Last year's Gap logo is this year's Qwikster. #HalloweenCostume?
going to see if i can spot nessie again..don't wait up for me
Holy Thursday.. Wow, talk about the night before a big game - the eve that Jesus layed it all on the line for us.
I feel like I haven't seen you in years hows life
If the first drink allows you to spell your name, but your last one of the night allows you to live....you might be in trouble LOL
me too, I want in on that! Maybe I can borrow the move fr #CoreFusion #barre class:)
went with sennheiser! glorious
Do you know a pre-k to 6th grade teacher who would like a free aquarium or reptile habitat for their class email
Shout out to Robin from HIMYM for getting a big girl role in the avengers
Weatherization is a process to make buildings energy efficient. Weatherized homes require less energy, resulting in lower utility bills.
pls encourage people to join their local division and learn more than just
layin down an u?
lol... yahh i know haha sometimes you take a bite and waaammm damn monito is in you mouth lol... enjoy the roska
To all the Twitter moms out there....Happy Mother's day! Have a fantabulous day.
#enjoy RT : Men? What r those? Time to do spread eagle in the bed!
RT Nervous Tuesdays R Back May 15th!! Big one!!
" I think the community has the right to voice their displeasure however they see fit..."
I'm going to name my child Harry, so I can say "Yer a Wizard Harry..." Whenever he's born.
RT : Are you up for the LIGHTSWITCH® Lager Challenge? Stop by to get a sample of our LIGHTSWITCH® Lager with your order of...
thanks for the tweet :)
You're right!! My little mush-mush in a tutu, lol...how are you guys doing?
Thanks and for following. Autoglasslocator.com is growing. We do not charge extra $ for leads! listyourshop.com
And move/exercise. Like everything else, moderation is key.
aw! :P I was actually speechless! :L tbh is my hero/inspiration/everything haha <3
its May 29. Thinking of a party on the 26th. Maybe monopolize CBPG?
Looking forward to seeing his wife today!
I love my cousins, and the creator of Zombieland for providing us with such memorable quotes :)
I'll be doing a couple of workshops at #GaETC myself. See you there!
dammit send a text message next time
Come on food lovers! MT : We're neck&neck! RT : has > 100K Twitter followers - < 1k short of
This would be the night I show up on your doorstep, then. YUM.
Tonight salsa dancing with NO COVER at the Marquee Lounge inside AMC Main Street (14th & Main) Call salsa hotline 888.707.5051 for details.
yeah we thought we would never meet him either so try to say positive
I WHIP MY HAIR BACK AND FORTH I WHIP MY HAIR BACK AND FORTH :D
also my apologies I got no picture with Ben Folds
fell off the face of the earth .
#d2tmconf Congrats to for winning the Communications and Leadership award!
I just ate some pork and a cookie
so who doesn't know about #MaximusCruz ??
But tht trip only made it harder for me and you...
lol i see that...im doing the same thing lol
talk to Sherm the other day. Draft should be happening Tuesday night.
RT : Well, MT did win it all last year...so I'm liking my chances so far. That's right..hang with me!!
Frozen yogurt run was probably a mistake. Or the mounds of candy I poured on top of it.
Forgiveness isn't partial. Honesty isn't biased. Love isn't earned. Love is given.
Maybe it's genetic?
OMG. emma watson is filming at my school. for those of you who don't know who that is....ITS HERMOINE GRANGER.
do you have a dematerialized clarinet? i know someone who wants one.
Arizona Sweet Tea >>>
Her GGI "brain-aware" practice of teaching in response to neuroscientists' interest in going into schools.
so let's have them fight and whoever wins is better
great hearing you on KSR today, love the show. Go Big Blue!!!
Have you been to LA or new York?
Right. On.
u kno u #morethanafriend when u kno sum one's greatest secrets. I love u brah
"I love you too much to walk away now"
I scrolled so far back on my facebook timeline that I ended up back on myspace.......#lmao#
AM highlight from A: My poopie says "I want to come out! I want to come out!" & later ... My belly says "Muffins, hooray! Muffins, hooray!"
The odds were against us, but we deserve to be where we are
victory bell! Suite 10 seat 3
In that case, start McNabb
Oh yeah!
not the evan i know of course .
Nice! Yes I signed up for the 5/8 one. Let me know when the post is up so I can see how the last one went :)
well there goes that plan...
I've been so busy - grading and packing. What's really going on on Twitter?
More than anything, people need to learn that everyone deserves respect...no matter their country or faith.
I forgot how cold the world is with short hair. Who ever invented hoodies is awesome.
All true artists, whether they know it or not, create from a place of no-mind, from inner stillness. ::: Eckhart Tolle :::
Hope that is have a blast on their tour!And thinking of the ones who cant make it! Sending yall love and luck(:
Over the weekend I saw another local favorite, neo funk band MoJoFlo.
#civilwar FOTD. On this day in 1864, Jefferson Davis' 5-year-old son Joe died after falling from the Confederate White House's side porch.
Charles, I love you but you need to cheer up your tweets
The fact that you don't consider me trying to help<< fuck your problems. Im done
Tell me if that works
going to take a nap before wrk at 5.
SOLD OUT of ladies small and medium on the Playoff shirts. More coming Friday!
: How is the event coming along?
Why do you always send me random pictures of you....i see your face enough at school
Worst 4 hours ever...as soon as I walked out I broke down so badly god I just wanna go home
I want to start all my stories with "so I was dipping this girl in guacamole..."
MagneticPix is offering Friends and Family 10% off for the holidays! Discount code is TWITTER
"Your games? Dont play that. Your bullsh*t? Wont take that. The sorries? I've heard that. Mistake? You made that Excuses? Eh Just save that”
I life is just like a glass if u you can't hander it break.
About to try a yoga class in Austin... If I can get there.
We got the new Prius c in today! Best fuel economy for any car without a plug! video coming soon!
ME, TOO! Ya, if you're writing genre, definitely read off-genre ... my writerly friends repeat this over and over.
smh i should have knew from dat start *breaks off into song*
say hello to Beelzebub, the fish
Thanks!! RT : Placed a candidate and celebrating with a #WhitneyHouston song.. Congrats
Series loser flies to Jamaica for more rum
killin it right now at moon...wanna hear some #mmjb tho
Quote of the night: "hey you have crepe on your shoulder" cc
recently been informed there will be a great pulse of positive LOVE energy hitting our universe soon #NP Wake Up! and Open Your Mind
so let me get this straight. I'm a whore because I like a guy & he likes me? psshhh. your just made cause you couldn't get this "whore"(:
Even some of the most talented artists in their field will not make a career in their lifetime!
Only way the Lakers win this is if Kobe goes ham. Gasol and Bynum are an embarrassment.
seems like #wordcamped is being under-tweeted. Are you guys keeping all the great, generative ideas for yo'selves?
Sorry steve jobs but having your kids read your bio as a replacement for the time u didn't spend w them doesn't cut it in parentland
Where r u?
i keep my tools rust free
Happy Thanksgiving!! :DD
Snow ball effect
How many places have you lived? You can share the number of physical residences and/or the number of cities.
Might be more useful to drop the increasingly artificial distinction btwn Adult and YA, and do readers advisory to customers for both.
PagePath Personal URL Survey-help us provide valuable info. Submit b4 4-27-12 for chance to win a $50 Starbucks Gift Card....
I am a peacock...you gotta let me spread my wings and fly...lmao..such a good movie
Definitely thinking #google course director is another great LMS option #WeTech thanks for working with our educators
OOH so he's not like legit blind. he can still see SOMETHING
Getting over it...
On a real note... I'm only saying this cause I know he won't see it.. But I love you bruddda.
Hellfire Horns will be recording music for Akina Adderley tonight. Her next album is due out soon. You will need to buy it.
Eat a fat penis #Hertz. Never rent a car from you again!!
RT: 3 cheers for HathiTrust! Great counterbalance to Google Books #AAS3rdCentury // Yes, but to be fair it's mostly Google scans
Also mentions Halle B...an actress.
Who is your favorite to listen to when it rains?
Open to public anyone can play
it was her idea, she is a bad cookie v.v
Them old folks in Hollywood, FL was rockin' to the Elton John music.
I think you one person that can keep me laughing I watch a lot of your punks and I like how you get people involved in your plots.
Tweeting and auto correct do not mix.
why does love to make our lives more difficult?
That song is SO my jam. xo sarab RT : Gonna Get Over You is #17 on VH1 Top 20 Countdown! Keep voting guys :)
yes Beers.Blunts.Bobbybashing.
Hello James-thanks for the follow. We'll share info on making homes Greener & Safer. Share the Biscuits!
Another great sale day!
Looking forward to speaking to GWU class about Goodwill's social media initiatives tomorrow night. #GWSMM. Any specific questions?
Good moring Dalton! Stopping by to say hello. Best wishes for a super week. Take care my friend.
done testing (: hell yeah ' now softball practice, fun. im enjoying High School >.<
naw man. They are underachievers anyway.
We hope you found the perfect dress!
She hasn't text me back ):
I will be "occupying" the sidelines of a soccer pitch tomorrow. Is conservative soccer mom an oxymoron?
Haha i've really wanted to say that.
Lots of fun and exciting things coming up! Finishing interviews tomorrow for the 360 project! It should be up next week! Stay tuned!!
Took the supershuttle to the airport this morning. It was super.
hopefully its not that serioust cause that would be a killer for you guys
I know how that feels. I've gotten rejected from things I wanted and spent months upset about it but it doesn't help.
Boosting food production in Lagos - The Nation
We're so proud of our Academy students and their amazing enthusiasm to learn!
okay katy do you have a square on yo head hahahhahahahaha
“: #1: An AOL email address is like a green Amex.”
most of my tweets r about justin bieber<3 i think about him 24/7! hes the first person i think if when im on twitter:P<3
23 notes in my own post on tumblr? oh yeah.
Because it needs repeating: BASEBALL!
Just spent 400 at the mall cause its sunday ..polo dis polo dat snapback levis i got all of dat
Resist urge to wear tights or hose with shorts. Try a skirt or mini dress instead. Remember wear closed or peep to shoes!
Is There Any Chance You'll Be At The Botanical Gardens In Chicago This Weekendd?? #MahomiesLoveMahone 12
Absolutely. To further complicate, what sprays might the organic grower's neighbors be using? Are they still organically grown?
When you child is old enough to catch a ball he is too old to breastfeed.
there's nothing good on tv.
I'll get to that fo sho, guy. Consider it done.
What is this hamburger tax credit?
I don't want a guy who's whipped, I want a guy that will hit me back when I hit him (:
what are u doing tonight
RT : thank YOU for the wonderful food. I just had dinner and the blog made me hungry again. - BONUS BURGER!
Dreams that are crazy yeah seems like it comes with my insomnia!
Uhm., Well Then...
Hotel neighbors are going to Jamaica, in case you were wondering. Likely on the 6AM flight. Will confirm at 3AM, if not before.
Monday Monday! It can be our rest day since moat salons are closed Monday... BUT, we have to finish preparing for the coming week.
I wonder how many followers i would have if i had my shirt off in my picture
Thank you for the + !
I would die and be like this isn't real!
Hey I met you at the better with you tour in Nashville TN can you please follow me I love youu(:
trust me on this one, Dave.
fantastic right?
A woodpecker can peck twenty times a second.
great suggestion. “: Wait, Wait...Don't Tell Me. ”
which will engulf the whole thing. Just throw your hot coffee already!
Bats fly even in the rain.
On my trip 2 NY , More than anything I've missed my dog Jhonny !!!!
oh well it would be prudent to arrive without an invite......
' Hell if he stop trying to argue . . .
Summer is here!! Who is ready for a swim? Enjoy crystal clear waters with Aloha Pool Care.
ok u call us!
no crab legs...but our dungeness crab dip is awesome!
good thanks bby, you?
Lovely icon :)
The promo blitz will start next week! :-)
Happy Holidays from The Gathering!
How was it?
Damn I just woke up time for studio
we need to reorder some pedals. They are flying off the shelf!
lol with training i'll get there! Tiki went to my undergrad! UVA he's smart
Opportunities multiply as they are seized. Sun Tzu
Everyone in our country has the raw material to deliver breakthroughs.
RTbgt : Really bored
Fox News is reporting that Brad and Angelina are engaged. So... that means they're really NOT, right?
Party at the block with the besties &
#loslynx deserve a new stadium!!!!
looking at my bitch I bet she give your ass a bone.
I fucks with this chick, she more than a trip she a vacation/ type of girl that have a nigga patiently waiting
Under this version of the gambling expansion bill, 3000 unused slot machines from the other locations would be reassigned to the PG location
You'll love Austin!!! I feel so fortunate to live in such an amazing city!!! :)
Busy today making revisions to ebook version of 1812: Rediscovering Chesapeake Bay's Forgotten War. Complete with photos!
Very nice! Hope you win ... and celebrate with chocolate. :)
great to hear from others that share passion for online -Thank you!
Hope everyone is having a great break! We'll have several new events posted in the coming week or so for January! :-)
I bought 2 old English hunting prints! “: I haven't been there is so long. Tell us what you find!”
RT: If you're going to LA soon. :)
The URL shortener issue has been resolved. ALL previously sent links will still work. There is no need to resend your registration emails.
I feel good updating my instagram :) haha
yessir! The Blackhawks game is over at 2:30 and the Royals game starts at 3!
I think I born to love Austin. He is my L I F E. <U+2665>
For some reason unknown, and ALWAYS know when I'm lying about something.
Very excited to have guest bloggers from at our Wedding Mixer this Thursday! Don't miss
I'm never smoken b4 I got to work again
RT : 29 Californian matched 5 lotto numbers will take home roughly 460k - not bad!
Does America really want high speed train/rail service? isn't Amtrak a continual money loser?
#FridayitUp Pass Along the Fun-ness of Friday #RT Have a good one y'all!
What kind of acid(s)? PS Mascall has iron-working recpts as well as color (my interest) Probably old hat for you tho
why do I gotta be at work well the first episode of season 4 is going on right now? WTF
i did
I forgot :p
how much do you know about Josh waters?
“: :( RT : I hate Slipknot with a passion.”
Alex, Never stop loving you<U+2665> Because #Alexismysuperhero :)
can I post on kyles wall since I'm sexually attracted to him in a non gay way??
That's the one.
I CANT WAIT TILL CHRISTMAS.!!! Ah. Happy,? :) <3
please call this number 254-716-4646 Please its my friends birthday! :) She would be so happy! :) 48
Cher is Twitter yelling at people who are bullying her son (daughter Chastity). I respect that.
dreading this math final today...ugggg.
Hahahha the reason he was wearing a hat is because he had a zit underneath ;) LOLL
Thanks Erica.
Now discussing the political issues women working on climate change or reproductive health face. Not only battling right wingers.
November is almost over, do you have your affairs in order?
Having a cleaning party at my house but apparently I was the only one invited.
It pisses me off when guys try hitting on me even though its clear that i love my boyfriend. Get some fucking morals and respect.
My child will never be on toddlers and tiaras.
This is not good
Got my softball bat and it was only $250 gonna be knockin it out of the park
I miss you!!
is participating in a twitter chat about sickle cell and asthma. Chime in for information or if you have questions!
You're a victim of the Reno food truck hype. Just pray the beer crawls don't get you too!
I don't know :| she's not tweeted for a full day!<U+2665><U+2665>
Birthday cake & the bars of chicago what more could anyone want? another wonderful weekend in the great Chicago! Happiness is Chicago!!!
I'm doing pretty good. How is your day so far?
Congrats to SD Press Club winners at all news outlets tonight.
Hi! It's Dawn Christie. Maybe you didn't recognize the handle but I am following you! :)
best ever !
Teairra Mari - Stay >>
RIP James..
yeah it's really really good!
Do you use a pump in your home to pump water downhill? No? Then where is the energy coming from to move that water? The force of gravity?
I've found basil is the hardest to keep up/alive. If you want an in-person tutorial, Mahoney's (Western Ave) staff are great.
i will be sure to do just that.
man everybody is
Has Sam Rockwell ever played anything but a bad guy? Well at least he sure is good at it.
Absolutely email me! :)
I'm not sure. There is something hilarious about it, but it's extremely psycho. This is Kathy Bates in #Misery for 2012.
Will do, Sir.
it wont let me load chat for ustream :( bo im sad now! well anyway hi!!!! :) i love you!
I like this strawberry smell over here.
I saw dude at the movies working. That's cool. Have to make money somehow. I should apply there
Lol gonna miss,a,good show!!
Thanks everyone!
This is a monsoon
not my fy!
":Knife in heart.Never will I trust someone heartless.Anyways.Anyone wonna see deadmau5 and M.I.A with me" no way! There coming!
reading the book thief and little bee. Y tu?
Lames do lame shit. That's just how it goes!
That's the truth haha
#inthe90s we dreamed of having beards like Al from Home Improvement
I love hot yoga but I stopped doing it because I couldn't deal with all the extra laundry
I need to catch Soul Rebels at bon tons soon... I literally live 3 blocks away!
Was up?
RT : Yesterday's last day of class means that today's the first day of grading!
lay my body down on the floor, to forget what I've done;
Title II and Title I are most immediate for private company capital formation - can advertise for accredited investors and crowdfunding
Hope I didn't leave anyone out. Terrific team!
#whoeverimarry I will make the happiest man on this earth
CABLE BACK ON!!!!
True or False? Slot machines are also known as fruit machines?
Thank you so much for your mentions, RTs, and shout outs
better than Anderson Silva? He does exist lol
I think Dick Vitale would vote Bob Knight 4 president...kids these days r made of a different breed ...sorry
Hey! Can you help trend "MERRY CHRISTMAS KIDRAUHL"? (: It'd mean so much! <3
yep MAY 14
your one of the most beautifulest woman wrestlers i just thought i would let you know Kelly Kelly. ;)
hey guys, why are we in NY?
I hope you had a great birthday yesterday!!!!!
aww, YAY.<U+2764> I can't wait. We NEED to go shopping during spring break. (:
In June we will be running super specials on our residential services.
I love how someone will ignore me for so long and then have the nerve to tell me that they miss me..
RT : Johnny Wilkinson 'As far as we're concerned, until that match finishes there's no tomorrow'
thanks folk what happen
Thanks for the #FF!
If Maurkice Pouncey can stay healthy, the #Steelers just secured their second perennial all-pro in 3 years. This kid is a stud.. DeCastro.
aww <3 miss you too...umm i'm working on it! ! ! LOL some events are on my radar...i'm planning how are you love???
I think is going to be my tff. (Twitter friend forever) Only difference is that I'm not sorry about that.
O's looking weak tonight....thinking about going to one this week, maybe Thursday depending on weather
Kid Cudi is on the radio.. ASDFGHJKLJDKGDJD. CUZ DAY N NIGHT. THE LONELY LONER SEEMS TO FREE HIS MIND TONIGHT. OMG. dead.~
correct. NO WORK!
#protopeeps .... I will be gone for awhile....take care
That's awesome!!! :) Did get your note on DM, btw. Will visit link a bit later today for sure & leave some positive feedback. ;)
Employee Rachel Pincus providing color commentary for Stevenson Mustangs girls lax on local TV this Satuday
#futureprofessionals Sitting at the foot of the table does not make you any less of a leader.
I've been to the pad, it's quite nice! Id go to any event he was throwing cc
seriously say you care about him one more time & then worry about what everyones sayin' bout him & i'm gonna bitch slap you.
MEETING THIS THURSDAY IN D419! come sign up for your show or stop by for some key info going on in the station.
#BeastMode RT : There's no crying during baseball season.
hey, what's the name of that horror board game you and have?
“: PRP Pizza with some fools now. GO CATS!!!!”love me some Southend peeps!
+..|+_ G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
YES THANK YOU SEGUIN!!!! SCORE
Sorry 'bout that.
Looks like Labron will never get a ring. Lmao. Maybe kobe will let him barrow one of his.
Thanks for following me.!!!!!
Seek medical attention! : You know I'm having a rough day when I listen to almost a whole Nickleback song without realizing it.
#rdap12 considering expanding into new areas. this means outside of biology?
Thank you to my new followers
Week off - Gym time
My mothers the nicest person I know
Ate a hot pocket
What happened too us texting? D; I miss you babe. <3
miss mariah
calm down!
Waddup interested in being in a Movie? Where u located at?
i get mad everytime i look out the window lol
really feeling left out with all these avengers midnight screening tweets
Wife and Daughter got Moto Droid 2.2 and nothing for me :-)
I never quite understood Hawking's paranoia about contact. Makes me wonder if there's something deeper to the adumbration.
RT A group of vultures can be correctly referred to as a committee, a volt, a venue, a kettle or a wake
Watching Weldon Henson play at Blacks in Lockhart TX
Sorry! Our host has been subjected to a denial of service attack. We weren't sure whether outside UCB could see the site;
what up?
Going to be a BUSY weekend in Tampa. Shooting for tomorrow and doing a club shoot on Sunday. Let's do this!
Cooking for someone is also an act of affection. Ordering delivery for them is not.
idk. My stomach just hurts
hahaha that's why itweeted that lawless ps ima text you something
And to the 11th
May or may not have just gotten stuck in mud...temporarily
Sexy! ;P
yes I can
Big jake is hit cuz he can't run! An d brown
You wear that hoodie a lot. I'm proud.
Not much I hate more than an annoying kiosk worker who pretends to not understand "no thank you" and forces me to be rude.
congrats on crewing the 2nd place women's ultra team & 6th overall ultra team. 1/2 our team is also doing H2C.
If u like the Real Housewives of Atlanta you're going to LOVE Amateur Millionaires Club! Tune in Sun 10:30pm on MY ATL TV Channel 36 in Atl
We would like to be considered as a Reebok CrossFit gym for Pittsburgh....
"Are you a pirate? Because I want your booty!"
this girl ran Into me last Sunday :/
Drink and then drink some more.
that's awesome! Tell her that I can't wait to see her audition too for not only #HearMeWhisper but also
Good Times @ SXSW!
Looking for a place to live in Indianapolis.
Food smelling to fye right now... Cant wait to eat, but for now research gotta get it together my future is depending on it
I'd rather be driving around town with the windows down, blasting Morrissey.
Takin my gf to penn so she can see how much it sucks lol
Wrong Twitter dear, try ! ": So great meeting yesterday at the fancy foods show. She's awesome!"
I can't I still got these nails on o_O
Isn't it about time a Democrat says the era of big government is over, again.
Thank you!!
#TellTheWhiteHouse Congress needs 2 put aside their political beefs & do what the people put them n office 2 do! Come up w/bipart solutions!
Someone from Twitter has stolen my logo lady and is using it. I am highly upset. Calling my lawyer.
THANKS for the Shout out on #FF! :)
well played, sir
Hi to oomf ,, shes cute.... Blessings
“: TRUE or FALSE: The Knicks are way better without Amar'e Stoudemire.” < TRUE
Wow! Thanks for this very nice note about our staff. We hope your daughter's tests continue to go well.
you're welcome =)
I'm with you! I've had the exact same thoughts.
Exciting day - demo'ed our new MPP dev solution for #crowdsourcing, group buying, bill-pay, etc. Tweet if you want to meet.
If you had a chance to meet one bearded person from history, who would it be and why?
You're welcome.
I'm so honored :)
Yo mama's so fat when she goes to a restaurant she doesn't get a menu, she gets an estimate.
There are a lot of untils for Black people. Until we realize that WEshouldNOT embrace Ni**a/Ni**er we are going to suffer.
Norma Jean's gone, she's moving on
I just unlocked the "Explorer" badge on !
On my way to the IMG Training facilities to show some love to ...see u soon RB!
should be killing Dallas but for crappy decision making.
Ayooo<33. do you like one direction?
that lady that wrote you on facebook "jennifer santiago" is jennifer
A gorgeous pic! :D
i swea folks got the wrong definition for lame ! RT if you agree!
Thanks! So glad you heard some stuff you like!
y yes...yes it does! R u moving cause u want to or hav to?
RT : that local news superstar & international celebrity : yes hope to meet her one day
going to see transformers today
Just got the House of Heroes tix! Who wants one or two or three or five?! Only ten bucks! Can send or let's meet up and hang!
he might comeover today.
I need you to put me intune with the homie snapback
You bother me
Rangers Josh Hamilton gets 4 home runs tonight against Baltimore..WOW!
had quick informal chat with colleague about (visiting lecturer) job searches, postdoc competition, senior thesis advisee
Thanks for the follow!
Anyone else reading 's book? I am, and I think I cracked a rib. Plus the cat keeps running away when I start hacking. <3
#WeAllGotThatOneFriend that has a cool mom.
Donations and Tweeting helps the most. But there are always other ways to get involved.
Wishing it was the weekend already? Sounds like you need us to DELIVER dinner! Call it in, head home, & relax!
Hum. Now America has come to their senses lol Elect an Aussie lol ;) The world shall know peace lol How are you?
Fb is killing me
i hate walking down the hall and then someone shoulder checks u.
By I i meant Divine
My feelings exactly
#NeverGoingToForget lol. college is a time sucker!
walking home from the bus stop, as i walked by someone. he started rapp'n. i think he wanted to battle. sry dewd, my skillz iz to hard fo' u
Hey! Good to hear from you, too. Things are great, busy. Writing a flute concerto for Buff Phil, lots of other stuff. And you?
Gurls play to many games these days just saying RNS
Just voted
are you moving back to the Mitten after graduation?!
This My Shit!
Gene Frenette's Heisman pick last year is now a Jag
Another day, another tweet
Damn looks GOOD on the cover of her new CD #TheLightOfTheSun! Umphf!
Home. Eating ice cream.
how is everybody's day today? ;D
if you need me call me okay.
almost messages you earlier when you were at capital bowl. It's right by my work. I'm in the big pyramid
Kayaking in the ocean on January 2nd. LA rules. Off to happy hour
The Bo$$ !! Doble Kush In My Mouth...
Twittersphere! Whats going on? How many of you are waiting for interview calls from #USC?
lol yea of the 5 i have within the next yearish i'm in 2 and they are only a weekend apart from 1 other, what are the odds?
haaha u know u luv it
oh....where's the love???
Hangin w shiny toy guns...
what up mane, u in compton
Having a #BadDay? Add Basil Poledouris's "Anvil of Crom", and it gets a lot lot better.
We now have availability for Orthopedic Convention in San Diego this February
what??? Please just tell me what you mean!! Im so lost!!
thanx for the links.
Talk to my friend on the horn the other day. Nice talking to you and keep amarillo honest until I return.
All of our library's laptops are accounted for, none overdue, and any missing are on repair. . . . . . . Let me bask in this for a moment.
Interesting fact: opens an average of 1 shelter a month to house people displaced by
100% Absolutely FREE!
How long does it take for a movie to become irrelevant? We don't act, speak or behave like we did in the 70s and 80s...
it was delicious
Leaving for the beach tomorrow #longweekendtreat <U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+009A>
Today, I strive to shrive. And if anyone needs help thinking of things to feel guilty about, I am here to help.
I have to pee.....why must the loo be so far? I should really put a bucket next to my bed.
I'd have to work hard to stay away from that.
About to serve up a disco fix on !
Be encouraged sister. LET THE WORD GO FORTH! Hackers can not stop the light from moving into the darkness!
So so so tired
i suggest high powered water squirters for that situation
U know your a belieber when you can't go a day without saying JUSTIN BIEBER
hahaha! phew! We spent all night trying to decipher that one!
Today is over and official
RT : God does not respond to our temper tantrums or our ultimatums. God only responds to our hearts. What's in your heart today?
Fucking bitch I know I'm ugly thanks for the reminder....
Put one on your Alien Phenomenology book (but don't cover up the buffalo wing) and send us a picture.
probably both. I don't understand how anyone could hold Waugh against OSU. It's not like he was given access to them by OSU.
I just got a full pat down at the City County building. Sadly, that's the most action I've gotten this year.
What were the fans chanting?
thx so much
Follow my dawg for sum great sports insight
Looks like you can go do jail for Facebook usage...haha goo.gl/cGYBK
what did you need to tell me?!
hahaha, it's so hard!!!<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094> I miss him like crazy.. /:
Ha! They crack me UP
whats the perfect girl if its not the perfect time?
you sounded just like drake..im speechless
Victory! RT : relinquishing the handle for you guys after a long spell away from Twitter. Do wonderful things!
Beautiful Day today <3 (:
I wanna go travel the world!
Women want respect...Hoes want attention
Id love that!
I stopped spamming the prefilled tweets about the Internet Gambling hearing quite quickly. I dunno why, my twitter is not exactly awesome.
Tailgating on a Tuesday? I couldn't possibly say no to that
It Ends Tonight <3
MT - Former center Scott Wells has signed with the
I dare everyone of you out there to follow me here...I double dog dare you. It will be an adventure....that I promise.
I think he lost them at Jaleo!! Come find them with me!
so fun tonight we r in wisconsin and had ice cream for dinner and bought $80 worth of cheese
you need to make a Chicago trip to see what these midwest beaches are like! At least I'll take you bowfishing for asian carp!
Brandon: You were great. Good luck!!
I wonder who will be my first follower; probably someone with "auto follow", tell me if I am right.
nice! a 10m commute is the best! :)
Good morning, artists and art lovers!
RT : go for the 2-game sweep today. Early game on : 12:30 CT. goes for his 5th consecutive win.
Your error message is funny, but I'd rather have my $1 lunch.
ok i feel you but even if they at home you still take the Bucks?
just caught the sneak preview of Westy's Corner Ep. 2 #amazing Q steals the show once again #beauty where did u find that guy??
Images for shoes+tommy - shoes tommy
You can become a winner only if you are willing to walk over the edge. ---Damon Runyon
#MyNameIsEarl About to watch on Netflix!! Yay!! I finally get to see all the eps I missed out on! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
The one person I tell her about she takes. That's just great. Let's hear the applause.
Padres have played 12 games, Dodgers have only played 11
Kobe wasn't sick. He wasn't passive. He was just waiting.
The #Jets are the dumbest fucking organization in all of sports if they think #Tebow can clean up their zoo of a locker room.
Thanks for the
well u r more perfect! (:
Looks like I'm heading to columbia monday. Home sweet home
i'ma get an eyepatch
If you think of junk food as poison (and it basically is), you'll be less tempted to eat it than if you think of junk food as a "treat."
I didn't expect you to change , someday iKnew you would..
nigga how do you know Nicole I'm best friends with her brother
Girl, don't be mad. Not everyone can be Zach Porter ;)
Beer&&Code is every week, alternating between HQ and another location. See you in two weeks!
Breathe it in. Love it out.
I'm trying to think of them less as a blemish, more as a beauty mark.
i really should watch what i say on here... my dad follows me >.<
Hey, Everyone! Even though it's been about 5 months since Andy Whitefield passed away at age 39
I can't see Natalie's tweet. Judging what event?
We will be back.....And better next year.
what makes a tweet special that you want to retweet or reply to it? Because I've tried a million times and it's not working :(
#ConfessionNight .... My Boyfriend Is All I Need
And IIIIIIIIIEEIIIIIEEEIII will always...
By changing nothing, nothing changes.
When we are in need of healing, the breath is the first place we should look, not the last.
I very much loved this week's article in the New Yorker by re: a plagiarist who is SO MUCH more likable than Stephen Glass.
maybe he's protecting you, following an incident where someone charged a stopped cab. Or, he thinks you're cute.
always a win
Join us tonight for DJ tonight at 9:30pm Rumor has it that she'll be rolling out a little name that tune action
Harborview Hospital is the worst hospital. Nurses are rude, doctors don't listen and they can't get their act straigth.
Please turn Notifications OFF
Utah jus gettin out of Blake Griffin way every time
Have my California Real Estate Agent exam 2/1/2011
or for sale if you want
Ugh this game is frustrating.... Just can't get it going
Ahh, whenever I watch shows like that I get extremely hungry. Lol.
: We just won the Barbershop Harmony Society's regional contest in KC & will represent Stl @ int'l contest in Portland next yr.
unfortunately, I am going to be out of town this weekend. Is it going on next weekend also?
Just because #Grantland thinks it's literary doesn't excuse the egregious footnotes. _Infinite Jest_ it is not.
jealous. I want a hot tub too. :-(
i just found out i have to TA for 188 people (with 2 other TAs. last semester I TAed w/ 2 TAs and 98 people...)
"I Cried When" I was born...sorry
You may have just inspired a poem.
I let fear and ppl hold me bak I admit that but this time ima show I'm done I'm flipppin shit wid my passion
so true, Sales 101, Listen
it was him preparing as it happened he how was going all crazy an how he told the story
Last year an attendee said, “I found my perspective on ebooks adjusted.” Get your adjustment on 10/12/11. www.ebook-summit.com
Thanks for the follow. Here's a awesome company as well
when are you coming back to Jacksonville FL we miss you!!! Please come back please
Me too. ": Body feels like a giant pretzel. A hot tub filled w/ kosher salt & butter would do me wonders right about now.."
Why are we not rebounding at all?
Almost beat 's record at Mokai tonight. Missed it by 6 minutes.
totes the ustream(;
MOST girls wouldn't ask for a steak when they are tired...this is why you aren't like most girls and awesome
Wen A Nigga Give Me A Weak Ass Mix Tape Lol While Im Driving On The Highway I Just Slang That Bull Shit Out The Window I Swear lol
Don't Feel Good At All :(
It snowed today for 2 minutes, winters coming, brrrr.
#ECEtechCHAT I have some, just want more.11 teachers will be introducing digital microscopes, so I'm looking for more ideas
Authors worth the follow:
Got a lot on my mind it is going to be hard getting over her.. But idk I'll try! All I need is my music bitches!
Just lost hour+ to poetic new-to-me weirdness of Ernest M. Robson, who scored his poems via elaborate system of typography and visual cues.
Dear Amazon, I really don't like peacocks that much.
mhmm:) almost done! Haha. When do you get out?
Kindles and iPads should have an e-ink screen on the back showing the book cover if what the user is reading.
everyone is sleeping except for me (11:46) and I really need to scream!
Well i have to go get ready for bed have a blessed night and fantastic dreams i will tweet tomorrow. says dont forget to smile. =D
Thank you for the #FF! Enjoy your weekend!
YES! has it! RT Any way we can get some beer for the big game tomorrow?
Saying good morning and S/O to
Boston Business Journal honors athenahealth as a 2012 “Best Places to Work” winner
Think you know what our #2 selling product is? First person with the correct answer will win a $10 gift certificate to Spot Organics! WOOF!
Same as how every movie is the #1 Movie of the Summer.
What are your goals in life ? :)
Somehow Sunday drinking has become a tradition for us...go America!
Are you following and we aren't? Send us an @, we will fix it!
i see you only say whats up when u r type casting for THE GREAT DEBATERS part two.. looking ass!
they are amazing
Yes. That's what you call true love. Don't judge us.
going with the crew to ask his roommate why he can't pay for stealing a wallet!! Esp when he claims to be so rich!!
If u gettn money u better say dat!!
just downloaded Google Drive finally. Still love Dropbox. Thinking of using Google Drive to pull some files over there...
I am now following
sounds fascinating! should I send a DM with my email address to you? :)
The worst part about online shoe shopping is there is now an ad featuring black pumps on the side of every serious news article I read.
yay!!! Congrats!!! And I hope your week gets much better from here <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Movie date to the Vow w/ <33
Hamilton Proper, Sawgrass and Windemere neighborhoods
When you're right, no one remembers. When you're wrong, no one forgets.
miss you! Sorry this trip to NY was so busy but l'll be back in a few weeks probably so I'll let you know! Xo
Happy 4/20 Make sure 2 come smoke wit me @ the Lewis & Clark Landing...we light up the stage :45 & Animale
I find it essential that humanity knows how to survive outside this expansive commercialism/capitalism regime. Could u survive nature?
RT : It's such a beautiful nite 2 sit on the patio & hav a cocktail! I luv that...Just chilling
It sucks o:
Protesters on either corner @ 14th & Broad, many appear to be media?
AWESOME FRIDAY NIGHT!!! Laying in bed, with layer cake pinot noir, a box of Lilly's chocolates and my baby playing the guitar <U+2665><U+2665><U+2665>
A lot of Colts fans are calling for Caldwells job .. Is he responsible for this and should he be worrying about his job???
Today was a success! Thank you for having us USD!! : )
Lovee jack in the box
Bitch i would dog walk yo ass.... Pls play with me.... YOU FUCKING WITH FIRE BAYEE ;)
Remember when I told you yesterday that I wasn't sore from my tiny little workout? Oh how things have changed...
GO SPURS GO!! RT : Me too! :p RT : I wish I was in SA
is ecstatic that Pirate's of the Caribbean, Battleship, and Hawaii Five-O will be shooting in Hawaii in the coming months. Auditions! Aloha!
I could. But I use it more as alternate assessment for individual, esp. for those kids ahead of the class.
#ifonlyicould talk to austin mahone of get him to notice me <3
Got to showcase. She hit that big 3 to go to OT today
Business need drives the business exposure strategy for your data - discussion of IT metrics at
Muchithimath grathiath amiga. It was a blast hanging with you tonight.
We will see about that... I'll bring something nice in a few weeks, then.
hey wuts good
Palatine Amphitheater in Fairmont WV. If you do go, make sure to let us know. We'll make sure everyone knows how far u came
crazy...you two argue like an old married couple. Oh, wait...
Im officialy a frank ocean fan
i wish i wasnt in school so i could watch you boys on the twitcam :(
Obama's oil spill. He sat on his ass for 8 days while the oil poured out. He is to blame if the gulf coast turns BLACK!!!
I have been connected to Twitter but now my score does not appear. tried to search. can you advise?
yep yep! That is the plan. How is everything? Are you folks still in Michigan??
Slowly realizing that I went bowling with you, and Eden a few years ago. Small, tiny little worlds.
i know a great book when it changes how i see the world; at church in burbank kept comparing it to oasis! Hollywood Faith!
Messing with a girls man is like sticking your finger in a tank of piranhs your asking to get bit bitch.
Getting my hair did!
I heard he was at a market district
And here I am Tumbling pictures of kittens, food and One Direction.
I would LOVE a show featuring Hawaiian Style cooking. I lived there 2 yrs and food is amazing!
Great news, I think. Good luck! I'm rooting for you.
Sounds AMAZING!!
LOOK" you know ya need a job ya parents are tired of U still living in their home ya friends tired of U always bumming SO CALL US ALREADY!
we don't... I do not think it is possible to make a deep dish healthy :)
It was a pleasure working with such a talented group tonight!!! are all AMAZING!!!
is amazingly #beautiful ...
If I ask you a question don't turn around and ask me the same thing, just answer the damn question.
step your game up then! It's not to hard to find a guy in scrubs xP
Would love to win #sleepnumbersecret a new bed for the limited number of hours that i do actually sleep...
Dinner at aladdin's! :D
I've spent five days writing these songs in my head now its late, and time for bed!!!
sure could always use a cpl more! Where do you live?
going 4 a ride w/the man! stoked! head is totally out the window.
Cheers! Will be interesting to see what is done with this bib dataset. Certainly a nice testbed for DPLA-related tinkering.
need some followers and fast! also need twitter to recognize my tweets
"To finite man truth, beauty, and goodness embrace the full revelation of divinity reality."
Survived my birthday....39 again...time to get serious about QuickBooks & Peachtree. Lots of bargains out there as we get closer to QB2010!
We use the twisosphere 4 marketing our clients services and it works. Just cause it's free doesn't make it wrong.
Whatchya up to on 12/19? The Pack isn't playing till 7ish so you have plenty of time to stop by at 3pm for BB & a holiday bash!
I'm tired
Nothing worse than having to wait for a doctor to show up to their job before getting service!
@ Cacao Mexicatessen in Eagle Rock
I pray my grandparents r ok... Got me thinkin abt how badly i've,been wanting to visit them... :( I hate work cuz I cant take no days off!
lol im from jersey
part of the Student Loan Forgiveness Act is me forgiving myself for taking out student loans for a terminal arts degree in the 1st place
Thanks for twittering that beautiful tweet!!
totally had fake eyelashes. And in true Lucille Ball fashion the cream pie I brought melted and dripped all over my friends car.
What was it? :(
Think it's a lil too early to have the slow jams playlist cracking...
Wine Tasting 101: Palate: Is the wine sound, dry, sweet, weighty, fruits? red, yellow, black, blue, nonfruits herbs, flowers, spices, wood?
mine been like this for 2 days
Look for the good in today
Chi Illinois. But its Worst IN The City.
On : Feingold on Falk: "She's disciplined. She seems very effective in her campaigning approach. She'd be a great Governor."
I'm bored, anyone got something to do?
Thank you to the following members for renewing! Gwen Johnson, George Walker, and Jill Gilmer - you are our rockstars!
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>RT : Lol RT : I can't take textgram serious, if it aint a tweegram I don't respect it!
thanks Alan, best read ever on a delayed Bart train--made my morning!
Headed out to the Phoenix Open today with the team. It's going to be a great day!
i"m trying to be like money mike this summer
My gmail is still down. :-( I feel powerless.
Zulily Cute Clothes at Bargain Prices Maternity Newborns Toddlers and more - maternity yoga wear
It is commented upon. I have an angry poem up too. :P
Sometimes I'm really annoyed by the way people ask questions here ending with "go". "What's your favorite (blah, blah) and go!" WTF?
try to restore all the good things that should come back since the first.
Is he awake? Seven seasons later, you learn he was dead all along.
I wish I had a British accent. That would be so BLOODY cool!
Thx to the guest mentors
I like Girls..Girls..Girls..Girls .. IN MY JAY Z VOICE
particularly as it could save you doing any damage to your property (or yourself) in trying to get in, and could prevent you
Joe and victor
did you know there's a Squirrel Bridge in Longview? Built in 1963. With a sign too --
Sports Tackles Cancer is a industry-wide fundraising program that unites sports business executives & sports fans to fight cancer.
Eric DeCosta staying in Baltimore.....great decision by a fantastic owner!
Welcome "Kiddy Academy" to Sprinkles Magazine!
From my guy Presto: Big East Conf. Commissioner John Marinatto resigns. Under his tenure the league stopped being Big, East & a Conference.
she had that whole place in a daze, didn't she?? All the fellas stopped dead in their tracks.
Aww, well thk you sunshine, and ditto! We love your smiling face!!
Life after Cubscast is causing some weird stuff to happen. As in, I bought a truck.
Way to go ! Looking for drinks/food before or during the home game tmrw? Come to Milano Inn: close to downtown w/free parking!
around Miami area (: I get to go to the beach a lot too
Shower first,, always be paramount lmfao (insider)
Our #1 reason for being here! Hopefully we get a couple more weeks of it.
Preach Doc!
Got a email today saying May 1 will be our y&r set tour and lunch with you do excited see you soon
YAY!!! I could set up the web party now and email you the deetS!!! let me know!
it's all right, #UConn still will be back primed for a deep NCAA run. Oh yah, about that...
True for grad marketing, but not undergrad: "When it Comes to Marketing, Twitter Destroys Facebook" via
Watch me make you hate me
I do know the favorite brokers...but my account is under 10k so I can't have an IB account. ToS has merged with TDA which I have.
With that in mind though--to the people who talked to my face instead of behind my back... God bless you. You have my undying love.
you have no idea how happy that makes me! I told her you girls were amazing!!!
Today would be a great day on Lake Nokomis up in the Northwoods of Wisconsin, am longing for a boat ride.
Hell yea. Thought I missed it.
follow me back thanks
Thanks for following us! How is your Tuesday going?
you brighten up my day Miss beautiful carlie <3 I love that you love life and love God! please come to ireland sometime? :) x
tell me about it!!!
wow u have BENEFITS!?
Looking forward to #gilbane Anyone going to be there Tuesday night?
I am sure I will. It's among a short stack of other books, but can't wait to crack it open.
Its so upsetting to see a republican figure saying such vile things, political discourse calls for a difference of opinion not cruelty
I'm touring the music library! I can't lie, I've been looking forward to this all year.
Peep show is delightfully awkward. Especially the kissing.;
if you want another break from dystopian books - CODE NAME VERITY by Wein, extremely well done historical set during wwii
New Philadelphia Students to participate in Law Day - New Philadelphia Times Reporter New Philadelphia Students to participate in Law Day
Sesame chicken is the greatest thing in the world.
Been wearing pink polish since saturday lol
Yeah so i'm definitely invited to the party. Austin, hope you be looking hott as always(;
Hope I see my baby tomorrow
Oh you get alot of likes on your statuses ,tell me about how your so popular
New spring cocktails! Classic cocktails that have watered the mouths of generations are back, and they are amazing!
12 more hours till Miami vacation
Happy Monday! Working on any cool projects this week?
Asking Celebrities out via is definitely turning into a trend. What celebrity would you ask out -CJ
oh my god these 8th graders are stalking me -_-
x-cuse me lil gorrrrlll..It's time for you to use the eliptical with me!
FACEBOOK WARRIORS are on the prowl. Watch out!! They are out there to attack your person with false truths, and dominating words.
Chick-fil-a (;
Yeah. Should be fixed now. Thanks.
no Jason. Like TEBOW
also, this new #soundcloud...i'm intrigued..
Brought home a new puppy from the humane society today.... aahhh, the lovely puppy screams of a cutie who misses his playmates...
you know, asking yourself what you want for breakfast really is like, the hardest question all day.
is seeing Transformers in IMAX. Yay!
This game is giving me anxiety..Since when am I so interested in basketball?
How is Matt Kemp letting Beastmode off its leash this season? Dude lost in NL MVP voting to
New recording being up time ! XD ....z
Thanks babe
I'll be home a week from today!
You're late, you're late, for a very important date! Are you attending the Alice in Wonderland High Tea at Sisters Tea Parlor today or...
sounds like fun! Kids love Natural History museum
Envy is one of Hot indie artist preforming live at the Freakin frog sunday 6-pm-9pm Pst on "Break That Single!" the Indie music supporter!
ah, I remember doing it when I was in middle school...taught me to read directions lol
Issues with wi-fi, okay. Nonexistance combined with issues with wired internet, though? A bit much.
- Hi William, would you happen to know any Mac Support Technicians w/ JAMF experience? Btw, really like your blog.
If you followed me the world would stop spinning I swear(:
Great crowd tonight. One more show!
The closet friends that I have we're made @ tucker capps,East flora elementary, and Madison station. I never forgot you and u did the same
Don't forget to surprise your loved one with something GREEN for tomorrow!!
Yes! Thanks so much for sharing!
I don't know I routed pretty hard for the Saints last year in the NFC Championship game....
I been good to just working and performing like crazy. Momma had trey saturday.
beautiful…R&D is "creative work undertaken on a systematic basis in order to increase the stock of knowledge,
RT : Someone figure out an A/B test for talking with your ex
Anyone ever do a mystery skype?
AMEN! RT : If 'con' is the opposite of 'pro', then is congress the opposite of progress?
; good luck Joseph, thanks for the great music guys, please say hallo from me to your 'Mark P' (!!!)....
Go express your first amendment rights somewhere else then. You don't need to do it in the FiDi area of NYC.
That moment when your brother's wedding is tomorrow and your dress has a broken zipper. #I'mScrewed
Can anyone recommend a great #freelance graphic designer here in ? I may need someone for an upcoming project.
Never heard of Miss World till now, I've been missing out !
I like to keep fiction books around too to interest students in reading. Mostly historical fiction, which they like.
in a relationship. with food. :)
I am disgusted by all the cars in the adult superstore arcade. I mean, do we really still have so many Americans without Internet access?
wonder what Das will say publicly now?
I have not gotten a single text all day
RT : #Flipclass chat on the hour: What are doing this summer to prep for next fall?
Thanks for the #FF shoutout bro!
theme song :D
thanks! although I don't have anything planned for tonight
Two weeks. Thought I'd at least pop over to this account and say Hi!
Well I don't have a camera. So there.
Wack is wack. Good is good. If you ain't where you need to be in life go get it.
I might have finally found the right girl. :)
Does it come from a particular org? Thanks!
I save everything for the last minute..but that's the only way I'll get things done...
I definately agree!
m i guess you were lol
The things I say when I don't know what I'm trying to say or what's it called >>>>> LMAO!
tweeting #amexbestbuy to save some more bucks
"Single isn’t a status. It’s a word that describes a person who’s strong enough to enjoy life without depending on others.”
RT : RT : Follow for the latest on NM Politics.
#GrandTheftAutoMemories Changing the station every time you entered a car! RETWEET if you did that! LMAO!
Just two days left til SOOR Youth Games presented by Nike. Is your child signed up?
hey guys!!<U+E415>
In class board ass hell nothing to do! About to hit it! Fuck it
It just depends yo... If I'm feeling the beat we should be good
it was called copper kettle. Sounded intresting too.
Kissing a girl on her forehead is care, on her cheek is respect, on her lips is love, but kissing her in front of her boyfriend is SWAG!
He is kind of a big deal.
#thingsisaidinthe90s A baby gotta do what a baby gotta do
NEXT WEEK. YES. LOVED YOUR EMAIL. LETZ DO THISS. i'll call tomorrow to make an appointment. WHAT DAY?!
noted...i promise i wont use that word when i see you in 30 min lol
I need a visit too :)
Can't wait to learn how to make smarter food choices at the Saint Mary's grocery store tour this Thurs., July 21. For info, call 770-7100.
Is it bad that my mom tells me I'm high-matienence? I don't think it's a big deal lol.
A bartender is a pharmacist with a limited inventory.
best monitoring tool (both paid and free) is HootSuite
Bongo Injury
When did a hotdog with cream cheese + something become a thing? (bacon, sriracha? See what I learn from yelp?)
we're at madam's organ now!! Come to us!!
Great post on Black Friday tweets - just published at Hope you do another one next year!
In England at the moment, not that big a change from Ireland this place reminds me of Killarney with alot more choices for pizza lol
Sup sexy, how's it hanging bro
Almost all the trending topics right now are about SNL.
Im 18yrs old we a newborn daughter, fuck all that trash talking an shit. I need more money then i have right to keep her healthy & happy!
I know! Thanks! Not a pug - but sometimes things are just meant to be. He's an island-born boy. Cavalier KC.
it's on 6 times a day in my house lately
Hey there :D
it is very good to wonder, it is a form of questioning.
I rise late everyday.......
Why are people surprised by the public mourning in N Korea?
#WhenIWasLittle I use to listen to Coollio
Wishing i was at the PULSE tour!!! I'm going soon....might have to make a trip...
Wow!!! That's awesome!
No problem sir, I wish you and would/could call all the Green Bay games.
Did U know is giving away FREE Italian Ice w/ receipt from
is in Stark County to kick off Alternative Response/Differential Response- DR helps keep families together-
looking for #local bands to play tomo. Hit me up if you are interested AsAP
Your welcome and it is the truth.
RT : Woke up singing "It's the most wonderful time of the year!" Must be
would you rather go on stage naked or shave your whole head?! x
Home from school for the holidays! So much designing to do and new jewelry to add to the website. Keep checking back for new additions!
"A closed mouth never gets fed..." So r u going to strave / r u going to eat?
Are we still singing at the wedding, or has that died?
Buffalo Sabres are 4-15 in last 19 games and now tied for last in the eastern conference. Management needs to do something soon
Almost sent message: Drinking green tea with Pomeranian juice."
In Norwalk :)
Watching a movie by myself on a Friday night because I'm a cool cat.
RT : Morgan: have little sympathy 4 celebs who sell their weddings & then expect privacy if they get caught having affairs
That only shows what I'VE favored it doesn't show me if someone favored my tweet. BTW: Hey!
For it. IL is the only state left in the union that doesn't allow any carry for law-abiding citizens.
Yeah i been there, yeah i done that, soo i knocked the p*ssy out& she runnin back so i knock the p*ssy out knock it out knock it out ayy!
The USC campus would be an interesting place to be during the zombie apocalypse.
9 Months today . I miss you Alex . You were amazing and you still are . (: It really doesn't seam like it's been that long though .. (:
well - not much life at Fenway, is there? lolololol
#LRT Thank God I had academic scholarships...went to school for FREE!! And God blessed me with a job after graduation.
I forgot there was a weekend. That's even more depressing than the week. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E> maybe!! Idk
Hi John, thanks for the follow...
I'm goin in May! And Jamaica in June for the comp.
I'm doing okay! How're you :)
wardrobe fitting at Celtic Studios...impressive sound stages !
so true. I am a little nicer in my assessment and say 4 years. By that time Calipari will be gone.
Thank you for the endorcement, I really appreciate it!
the one time I'm nice to someone.. always comes back to bite me. k cool
U can text me any time u can retwette
I see that a "Union Card" is req'd for the UCDI. Looking forward to seeing you in March.
its a lost art.
Big sale going on @ Mattrezzz Guys this weekend! So stop what you are doing, slap yourself, and come on down for savings! ~ Mattrezzz Guy
In law school orientation .... I'm so sleepy
heyy u here
Do u ever say "goodnight everyone" on twitter and then find yourself checking back in and commenting after your "goodnight"? Ha ha ha"
He always does! We are so lucky to be affiliated with him and the rest of 826. Thanks again :)
I agree its about time they bring back real r&b!
4 days* theyre stopping at my bed first.
So it only doesn't matter because bloggers don't matter. But if they did, people could die because of them.
Waking up sucks.
i need a red bow tie
Ma momma told me when I waz Yong LOL YEAH RIGHT
I find meditating keeps me present yet outside any stress other auditioners may give off.
This guy!
You're stellar at revisions. Besides, it's more fun to work with thoughts already in words. That's half the battle!
hi stranger lol
#OnceUponATime -#whoa what an intense start.
Nice Frenchie folk song on FIP: Emily Loizeau SISTER
Heart cold...blame it on the last one
#YouKnowItsRealWhen u get dinner no strings attached....
Why you should use humor in fundraising chroni.cl/vPWy02
it's only a matter of time my friend.
Whoa!! So it's in Cannes already, that's great! Hope it'll find a distributor for US release!
I hate all the fucking fat asses in Hghs that decided to eat Pan con Croquetas & left me without one :'(
yo snap on feathers commercial, who is carishma? sick
This weather is unacceptable! Good thing we have hot Avgolemono (Lemon,chicken) Soup or #Greek Lentil soup to keep you warm!
"Where The Wild Things Are" -- A child's first immersion into understanding "margin" versus "mainstream", "self" versus "other"
Spirit shirt, sperrys, pearls, Tiffany bracelet. Very sorostitute-chique today. Diggin' it.
are you running a nerdbird for the bayarea for #sxswi? interested in some ?
So #HIMYM is like #LOST but for everyday life in the 21st century.
You guys I haven't really been tweeting lots lately. Call me depressed or call me busy, but DON'T call me Shirley LOL
New video uploading to YouTube.... 30 min remaining.
My two boobs
Got u I'm on my way RT I want 4 Coneys and a Cherry Snapple...
Say what you will, I still put Manny Ramirez's 2011 season right up there with Juan Guzman's 2000 campaign on my list of great Rays seasons.
I love Harry the most. but i really love all of them, just something about Harry makes me MORE interested in him. :) !
Just got tickets to Disney's Alice in Wonderland Jr. - Apr 1st @ The South Broadway Cultural Center
I thinking every playground built for kids they should build one for grown ups right next to it!
I'M FINNA PUT YOU UP THERE LOL
uh yeah. Its the character reflections/monologues that get me. If they had brought that coach back I would have to be committed.
HunchLab as soothsayer, perchance?
That makes me feel better :) Oh hey! Getting a wetsuit from a shop in Mission Beach. You were right about boards there too, thx!
doing the English project that I had a week to do.. tonight
wake up child it's your turn to shine you were born for such a time as this
AYE EVERYBODY FOLLOW MY BESTIE please n thxs :)
": ": what up Kim?" - The Brass Baby!" - the #1 publicist in the Nati!
Love me some old episodes of Friends
you didn't make the top ten because Finn and Rachel sucked face.
Only the wisest and the stupidest of men never change.- Confucius
Demi likes Niall. Niall likes Demi. Um.. Why are you not together yet? ;)
Yay. Crack of dawn sucks.
I could care less about painter, but addai? This is awful :( our team will never be the same
please follow me, matt? :) i have a question!
Heading north for the weekend...#santacon here we come!
It seems the amazing Joey Arias last night led to crazy dreaming for all involved
Suck it grant writing.
I need a delicious mixed drank right about now.
I want to see Ref John Mccarthy in a #UFC match fighting
I will get you 200 if you get me 300 deal bestfriend :)
all the car dashboard tells me is to go to a dealer for service these days. You gotta do better than that :)
#EveryoneHasThat1Friend who gives the best relationship advice but is single
All this stupid shit won't matter in the future
It amazes me that not only are people so afraid of autism that they'll call it an "epidemic," but they're OK with causing ACTUAL epidemics.
ok ok ill try!
I'm hanging out with a gazelle right now. <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089>
# of rings don't equal quality of player. Ask Barkley and Marino.
damn alright -_-
Some ppl really dont get wiser with age
I feel bad for Mo. But why is he Running after fly balls?
<U+FFFD>Do not look for approval except for the consciousness of doing your best
Have you picked out your war paint and headdress yet? Next year's inter-tribal powwow in DC should be fun...
I'm petrified..how did this happen
Lol not an official. But I made some.
thnx for the follow
Not sure Y is at #TEDxumn. seriously. Perhaps he's here to inspire simpleminded dialogue. Maybe career interns know all.
I had a dream about you... its not like it'll come true tho :(
wtf? I just got this:(
holding my press conference on twitter today. fire away,
Thx to all who got pix taken yesterday & a HUGE thx to our amazing photographer Tonya Schabacker
Watching punk'd.
For a Scifi experience that you cannot put down, read the In Her Name series by
lol YEP! Except that IFC/panhel contacted me to do it....couldn't afford me.
that's very smart of you
The one nice thing about my portfolio is that it scales really well across devices.
Yep, u have 3 cuties there.
Bounce! Thank you sir.
Does any News Media Journalists or Junkies want to chat on here tonight?
Get your "tweet-self" out to Middleburg Heights Library on Tuesday for my class on "Yoga for Back Care"--7-8 p.m. (Free) 29 coming so far.
RT Welcome to the World of Unlimited Travel FUN. Heavily discounted travel and tours.
so be ready! Don't be afraid to recommend me some funny videos or interviews of the boys! I would honestly love to see that. :]
Then i live or die in the pursuit of happiness
Look at your messages here! ;-)
Happy Mother's Day, YUMs!
yeah but I feel like sometimes words aren't enough to describe how I'm feeling, so its hard.
Excuse me as I get naked and take a shower.
this does not surprise me one bit. have you looked at the book i recommended? it has good insight for your show.
Thanks! Glad u liked it. Nice to befriend you on here.
It's going to be a long night... Haha.
A Day Without Music Is Like A Year Without Rain.
Rex isn't really making me a believer yet. Never been a fan, and this isn't really helping.
“: <U+2665><U+2665><U+2665> For those who don't know...#FrenchMontana is the man...so now u know<<<” Drita u wavy girl Owe!
we totally agree that racquetball is fun. how long have you been playing?
follow me you sexy beast
yessir! i will be hosting my originals and Remixes on my soundcloud from now on...All DJ Mixes will be hosted on Mixcloud!
I respect that. Its not fair how they doin kobe. Still think its gonna be good game.
so. i really like this boy <3
Done. Check your email.
fair enough! You having a good weekend?
Thanks for the follow~!
You were clear....
Cant wait! RT : Who is ready for the stage ? It's going down in 12 days!"
where are you going?
its going to be great. having a watching party for the finale/after the final rose ep. you should do a road trip..
Just had a dream where I was dancing on a Broadway stage with Daniel Radcliffe. And was in the audience.
I'm only random til I'm not. I'll see you at the tables.
You are appreciated !
you must not have been following me very long. I always come through with my pics!
10 minutes into "Glee" and I'm not sure if I hate it or love it.
Is that an issue for the planners or for the companies?
I think i see going to request overtime pay for these extra innings.
Once you forget what you're worth, you forget what you deserve.
omg amazing
Hm, should I consider smoke signals a mobile channel?
designers are closer to engineers than to marketers. don't design for marketing purposes, design for functionality
hey there! Make sure you enter from a computer and not a mobile device. :-)
Yoga pants #because I'm too lazy for real pants.
To use against me. Apparently they've been sending awful messages to people through it :(
Hey guys! I'm going to be in a musical called Les Miserables! Tickets are only 10$ and I need to sell 20 by Friday or I can't perform :(
Bison Analytics, and other companies are finalists in Business Plan Competition.Final on 4/1 University
It can take thousands of days to find your soul mate but it only takes one to relize it <3
at da library wit my moms for a min n bout to b on my way to da bar to return my application for a waitist.
Bought Lily little white gloves for Easter service. So cute.
#sotellmewhy NBA owners think they deserve 50%? Players should get 75%. Fans don't attend games to see owners. I hope the players hold out.
"falling in love is easy BUT someone tell me how to stay there"
Devon Rifkin: New strategy = dual option: importing (long turnaround) manufacturing domestically (short turnaround)
I regret nothing, except the Ninth Grade... and that chance to audition for a radio job in college... and that time in 1994 when...
Thanks for the follow!
I would literally die.
co-opted by the state.
sexy.. I feel left out
who the fuck is this?
#idRatherHave patience than success
yeah i think im goin 2 sleep soon
Yay!! Me too :D
I miss my baby
When I look at the new computer renderings of LHC collisions, I long for the old, beautiful "bubble chamber" dancing sub-particles.
I am so excited to see Mumford & Sons tonight!!! Yes.......
Its not my fault you got a really annoying dog.
That's Pretty Much It Tho.
Cause maybe
Let's go Spurs we need that 2-0 lead
paranormal. activity. 3.
Truee Unless That Happen After ... Lol Naw Nbs We Fight Point Blank.
A huge # SUMO S/O to thanks gorgeous, I had a great day shooting sumosurfer doc with you:)
I'm thinking HIGH FASHION! ;)
#chargers: Norv and AJ staying put. Good thing Norv didn't go 14-2... He might of lost his job
Who wants to hear a new Rubbish song?
Yes & no, in re: deleting a Klout account. You never really create an account in the first place. Delinking works, sorta.
out with the old in with the new
I don't have a blog. re: my tweet, "supposed" is a proper, neutral term for something that may prove true...later.
I Wish My Computer Would Get Louder
No viable research was ever provided to support the need of a daytime #curfew in Chula Vista.
Yup, paper still abounds. My 2nd grader recently came home w/a record breaking 60 sheets of paper (yes, we keep track :)
CABIN IN THE WOODS: Possibly the most post-modern horror ever made. Contained clever dialogue, memorable characters and ugly CG.
Check out this movie, God Bless Ozzy Osbourne playing at Cinemark.
When writing a tweet for Twitter: Proofread 12-15 times. When writing an essay for school: Proofread -2 times.
#FF to the woman who taught me the meaning of #hairporn:
Let's be naughty and save Santa the trip. - Gary Allen
I saw... I would be in real trouble if I weren't a crafty librarian who has access to other sources :) But it wont be the same
sry bro wasn't trying to make ne one upset :/
I'm well! We should do coffee sometime - I'm excited to hear what you're doing for Ithaka!
Even more frustrating - Alex Gonzalez leads off 5th with a single. Could've been with Ramirez on 2nd.
If you don't already know what youre looking for, of course!
#UCFF The Crew:
I agree with you 100% hyun
A favor for a favor. No freebees around here. Smh
lol were you coming from, and its not Shum its josh Galbraith lol
Been BBLing myself and now back now you'll probably laugh once I tell you what it is but a McBronian is a McCurdian that's also
i love you Johnny <3 Tweet me back! PURRtty pwiss! ;)
Austin Mahone is single. RT this while you still can.<3
hah nah it should be fixed be the time we head in!
I see that Chris got back to you. You guys will chat it looks like. Thank you for the tweet!
what a week! it's only tuesday....youch
I'm str8 like that
I'm supposed to only tweet when I'm sotally tober, but I figured, "Hut the well," so here goes.
In my country, guy with crazy Twitter avatar talks news nonstop. :)
We're outside Aventine right now (Washington & Montgomery) come get your shirts!
Last minute decision. Asher Roth at Skyway Theatre w/
Is it friday yet people!?!?! I haven't seen nor heard from my girl in a millions wks! Whats up with that? LOL
Friday and we can meet up @ 430-500 at Blake chill and then the show starts at 7 for $7 be prepared for $10 cause ya'll aint
A BIG thank you to Henry Diehl for supporting Ice Cream Jihad! Thank you for your generous support, Henry!
Thanks for spreading the word about the Art-a-thon next Saturday!
Taylor Swift is out here on some Thug with that banjo.
In the mood for kickin' Creole? If you're in the raffle Thurs , $25GC may be your cure! Thx Matt!
I am queen of procrastinating!! lol Esp when it makes me anxious!!
Could be worse; could be videotapes. RT : The only book that breaks into the top ten most checked-out items at our library...
wating for reply ....
When is it cool to spend too much money improving or maintaining your house? Never---
Hey??? What happened to all of our recent images?? They disappeared #Teamconfused?+%@
I wish I was roller skating right now. Or driving one high and straight down the fairway.
Good Shot D.Cook
How come its like time goes by fast when you don't wan it to, yet it goes by slowly when you want it to go by fast?
hart is just lazy
Analytics is a broad word. #ColdLightSolutions applies machine intelligence on a large scale. Only one more session to go!
yes it did! And delicious! Thanks again pal!
It's a deal, dude!!
is enriching the regional farm community.
mentioned an integration of Alfresco and Confluence via CMIS. Info?
just got word from t.j.... He told me he would have gladly sold Monticello for a spot in the palace.
cut shirts are so much more comfortable
you are taking over the Tv world!!!!!!! Congratulations
i don't blame you for being you, but you can't blame me for hating it
Austin's going to be so homesick :(
Reading research applications like it's my job... oh wait.
A reminder that the first meeting is January 19th at 6:30...location to be announced!
With the grace of a whirling dervish.
Makes sense. But I don't have any of those. :(
Can't beat mermaids and sunshine.
Happy Birthday
Hells yes, good times. So fun I can't even remember the exact topics we were talking about!
works for me; I'll run it by Melanie...
wanna come blaze when I'm outa school? Parents are out of town
Until one has loved an animal, a part of one's soul remains unawakened.-A.France
thanks for following! We have the best wines in our program right now! It's like Christmas all over again!
Zoolander and I are going to a club....
Contemplating that for work tomorrow ": I love that Smokey Robinson is wearing leather pants and a silk shirt on #dwts"
As I said before, I never repeat myself.
Vendors, Restaurants & artists participating in fEASTival 2012... we will be getting you info for the day of the event soon! Keep a lookout!
Having lunch in Philly. It's the oldest family-owned Italian restaurant in America. gnocchi and baked lasagna rock. Oh, chianti too
#DieNasty RT : Music helps reduce anxiety and also helps the human mind and body get through stressful times.
me me me
#CabinintheWoods is a brilliant genre-bending movie. and his team just keep collecting the box office victories...
The gym has been packed a lot the last couple of weeks. Everybody getting ready for summer lol
Lying about your age.
Feel so sick, sleepover though
Go Green Living Expo in S. Miami on April 23, 2011. Hosted by Green Tech Energy Solutions. Space available, call 786-973-6009
RT : Icon Grill has been open for 11 years in #Seattle and Chef Nick Musser has been the chef the entire time!
A bit sad, the kids don't believe in Santa-9 y.o. says: "No land at north pole, so no Santa. If NP had any people, they'd be scientists."
lol you know I LOOVVVEEE being with you ;)
I use SonicSEO for my keyword research needs!
I just had a customer pay me and then try to hand the food back...
I was joking cause you wrote Ryan Higgs :-)
This Lil Boy Out Here Talking Bout Its Hot. Well Duh Nigga You Got On Them Thick Ass Crew Socks -__-
i do apologize about that mr. lawson. i'll notify the security manager and the housekeeping manager right away. lol
Haha, I know that expression! We should find those two dudes, and have them stage a 'This is Your Life' for you. With beatings.
Big S/O to my JTP Jacksonville branch!!! Follow Follow Follow Follow!!!
isn't is something simple like "c: format" or "format c:" at the prompt? guess you'd need dos for that though
Looking for people for me to follow.. Got any Tweet me..
Omg! Only now I notice that followed me!!!!!! Yay!!!
inbox me your email addresses.
Everyone comes into your life for a reason; some good, some bad. They shape, form and break us. But in the end they make us who we are.
u got it well on ur way man dont rush smell the roses enjoy being a graduate dont rush so much lol
Mitt uses "entities" repeatedly. Ah, the common touch.
And, five minutes later my upstairs neighbors are havin sex. Loudly. Guess they gave up on fixing the tv/internet!
..new kids on the block had a bunch of hits; chinese food makes me sick ;)
Im following u(; lol
#theawkwardmoment when a kid whos an atheist in ur class sneezes and u dont know wht to say back.......
I have to admit I admire Mitt Romney's ability to pick and choose his principles. Consistency is for liberals, pinkos and college professors
Loiter Squad is just adult swim's version of jackass... But its still funny
it would've been on World Star though lol
I'm still a BIG fan of LPP_PR but I had to respond. It is going to be a heated 2012 race I think. Stakes are higher than Vegas.
Cancel my plans for tonight. Soulja Boy: The movie is on netflix.
Open house 2645 Pleasant Ave this weekend. For hours and virtual tour visit www.erikbrownhomes.com and click on Property search for details
Final Destination-athon on FX... #screenwriting research??
Nialler... how much alcohol have you had today?
Just got into Tennessee. It's dark here.
will it be the fish, chicken or egg avocado mayo sandwich? #Airplane!
It is a rainy day, it is a lovely day. RIP Whitney, you will be missed.
Super late start to the morning ....but I'm getting there!
Not THAT upset about Have no problem shopping elsewhere. Turns out, Sams Club is cheaper anyway.
Happy Thursday Friday!
waiting on to get home so we can celebrate her 21st!
Gold and teal! New fav color combination!
that explains alot
Just left from seeing the movie Immortals.
yes it does!
its SO HOT
Hi, Jen! RT : Hello everyone! I'm Jennifer Niesslein, one of the editors of
in cincy? If so, Clifton music festival tonight? Same question for
New morning, new week of #amwriting. This week in West Texas: desert caravans, my dad's birth, purchase of a '52 Pontiac and the Argus C3.
Has to be my lawful devotion to Avenged Sevenfold
RT It<U+0092>'s kind of fun to do the 'impossible'.--Walt Disney
When I get up an get myself str8 we gone see if niggas got sumthin to say...
I think it's will be us and maybe ? And I'm making cupcakes :) Make it a meetup?
We need to take it 1 game at a time. I hate The Devils but they are a real good team can't over look them
Alex had a gf. I'm sorry 4 the 50th time haha
Wow, P has Gingrich now polling ahead of Romney in SC.
could do with a nice #kfc :(
Seeing what you eat and drink will help you examine your eating patterns and food habits.
Agree...it starts with the coach though. D'Antoni needs to go, he's awful
#dalailama "w/o trust, how can we have friendship? Wo friendship how can we hve Cooperation? Wo cooperation how can we take care of world?"
I guess it goes without saying why my team is in jeopardy
yeah of course<3
Apparently all Foxy Brown needed to lay down her rhyme on "Ain't No..." was a Sprite and a pizza pie. At 15.
thanks for the responses to my questions folks!
Thurs Rat Pack launch! Live music, our new sign cocktail, cigars! RSVP ! Invite only, limited space, filling up fast!
RT : Blow up your online collection? RT : Koven with the grenade !
Making a list of future personal and business webinars I will be doing a couple times a month.
tell her I said happy birthday!
Gill back for Preds. Great for OK
They miss u - at least nothing poisonous here :)
Thx - I've had a great day so far - been pampered by my daughter which is always fun :-)
I see TO is stating he is broke and friendless. Hey TO walk to your local library and google "Karma"
and thank you for the resume work you did! A many talented woman YOU are! #we'reAwesome
it's cold here!! Pack lots of warm clothes!!!
Guess what stupid 'w' people some think its a SIN and Disgusting to eat SWINE and COWS also!
Baltimore, seriously get over yourself. Did you not see Ray Rice (he's the RB) throw a TD to EdDi? Could you have thought of that?
my mom and I are talking about selling my body to get money for NY.
Let's trend
Sounds like a nice early start to your day :)
GoodMorning! Ugh I don't wanna go to school. To much drama! :/
Osama's dead. Gonna go fill up my motherfucking gas tank now.
OMG. mom: do you have a boyfriend? me: no I have 5.
So I can't wait for tonight !:)
Watching mean girls 2. So terrible, no wonder it was never popular
Actually getting to record some tonight. FINALLY!
totally worth it!
We make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give. ~Winston Churchill
crazy thing is, it did not show up in my google alerts
your number 1 on keek again :)
My cable guy is sexy
why am I not there with you?!
New Website: www.googlebump.com
Haha!! That was hilarious. 3 times i lost you guys, but i always found you!! :)
"I Scare Myself"
awww, your pretty n/h I don't want any of me on here!
Most #Muppets are left handed because the puppeteers use their right hand to control the mouth.
Shes so much more than Karla Vann. Shes got a lot in her gotta get it out. What i gotta do to make you listen? :))
": no problem, you should follow back! :-)" I am hun lol leggo
hit me when it does
": Jason Terry: "Defensively, we weren’t there. We weren’t aggressive and that’s not how we play.""
Tommy Rees pride of lake forest hahahaha. Arrested on felony charges and only got a scholarship because of his dad
I'm doing that to are you doing the rooms?
Roses are red, violets are blue, if Rebecca Black wins ANY awards, Kanye West you know what to do..
Hello babies! How y'all doin?
RT : Creative peeps! Follow #PdPlus hashtag to learn about how to fund your projects. Talk with courtesy of !
The #superbowl was so boring a top headline was Flavor Flav and Tom Coughlin hug after game... mother of god
those don't look like cookies!
City Council votes on #pdxplan today. 2:30 time certain. Honoring our past. Building on our strengths. Planning for our future.
what a comeback huh???
NFL Draft Rumors: Minnesota Vikings Would Be Crazy to Pass on Matt Kalil
OK, I'm switching back if there's any shrinkage.
Unbelievable, Shannon and Cowher both like the Ravens in this game..
hey! I love ur icon
Mom doesn't trust me driving in rush hour in PA suburbs even tho I spent 3 months last summer driving in LA traffic w/little driving exp...?
aww! Thanks! Cheers! “: congrats! So glad all is going great your way! Not surprising either!”
I'll add that! thank you.
You're welcome! ^^
Hahaha thanks! I've had people say that to me before
Love that is playing spoiler/fake tweeting #TED2012. How has no one done this before and does he take requests?
I was very happy to see The Artist win 5 Oscar's. As an SLP, I think the movie showed how much can be communicated without words.
Very well. Choose wisely.
Congratulations!!! you look amazing Alicia :)
Didn't realize you're married to Will Smith :) RT : I just asked my husband if it was ok if I told you guys his name is Willard.
what are we trending today? (:
Keep it up #Tincaps !
don't tell him I told u
My math class is filled with rats, and fake hick's
Mike cld outrun any db we had on the roster & his tackling attitude on the field was well-known. Bobby Boyd All-Pro CB Colts fmr Assis Coach
The past 2 weeks have been strange... & interesting. Not sure what it all means yet, but a few things are becoming clear...
So it appears there's a planning #fail between wordcamp Seattle + mobile ux camp. They're on the same day, May 19. Now I have to choose :/
Freeze frame!
lift heavier weights and do short but very intense cardio. Cool? Thanks for the questions, I am happy to share knowledge!
Choir concert on thursday! #Eek !
Motto of the day - Pay attention to the things that are critical to your happiness
#ObamaInHistory Obama wrote the 95 theses that Martin Luther is famous for. Would've been 100, but that took too long.
I wonder if the Elvis impersonator at the Farmer's Mkt really thinks he's good or if he's doing it ironically. Is the delusion better?
Bless u Tami praying your that the peace of God is your portion & a safe flight!
Life is bigger It's bigger than you and you are not me
hahahahah creepy? Sorry im not good :p
Twitter would have been perfect for Mitch Hedberg
Seems to keep you in business!! RT : You are such a nerd.
Call me tomorrow at some point. Want to hear all about the trip. Safe travels!
Not my fault.
my bday is coming up! I might just have to order a pair of these. I have heard nothing but good.
OUTspoken Radio Special Report: LIVE Monday with Shirley Phelps of the Westboro Baptist Church only on LATalkRadio.com!! Channel 2!!
SO excited to try today in #Dallas on Oak Lawn
God has blessed/is blessing/will bless you, not because of who you are, but because that's just how GREAT He is!!
did you not ask Siri? Lol
Stay warm, buy a tee!
you're so mean! Lolol
I'm almost ashamed to be a female because of the negative connotation that comes with it. Y'all are grimy!
I love it when a plan comes together.
since Whitney died I've been thinking all Janet
Debut Album"So Sin Cere" now availble on itunes,shockhound,amazonmp3,nokia,myspace music,etc released by "Island Def Jam Distribution"
and that they are!
Happy Turkey Day everyone! May you all gorge yourselves in the biggest of meals.
for lunch is like a short little trip to Tenants Harbor on a breezy Down East day!
hey guys~ thanks for following (: have you guys checked out ? you definitely should! have a great afternoon xoxo
The contrast between the teams' attitude to preparation was summed-up during the rain delay. While the England squad went through a len ...
The person who sends out positive thoughts activates the world around him positively and draws back to himself positive results. ~NV Peale.
What Time It Start Again ?
Twelve more hours til school and idk if i wanna go..
Hi Kelsey. Enjoy the week visiting with your family. Catch you next weekend
Killed it
You know it!
DEVINE REBEL - BrewDog and Mikkeller team up. At City Beer.
When a man is focused on the physical assets of a women the miss all the heavenly beauty in the purpose of her creation!!
a Goose? Goodness ... Is your phone fixed at least?
i know you didn't build the panama canal
Haha! ": Got called out last night hanging w/ Dodgeball teams at , "You're here a lot, aren't u?"
Done w/teaching CWRU FPB nursing students. Hanging out on the East Side, waiting for a show at the Grog Shop to start. Glacial23 is playing.
s/o he won the 1st deucebrand watch giveaway tonight...thanks to everyone that participated...
tell us when you get the answer to the OT rules, ok? we wanna know too
The days are too long, and the evenings/nights are too short....
I'll do my best, madam.
You freaking TWIT!!!
i retract my previous statment Josh i know exactly what your talkming about. HE WASNT SINGING i gotchu JOSH
yeah me too. but i'm rooting for the consciousness or paradigm shift or a moral evolution or something.
Could be UTI. Or some other illness. Get Harley to a vet.
Tired of bein pi$$ poor & not bein able 2 find work!all I want is a damn job 2 support my kids,have a feelin all my shit gona get trnd off
Sixers likely to open season on road As guard Evan Turner pointed out, it's "kind of a bummer" the Sixers will open the season with a str
Probably my one and only reader. I plan to actually WRITE on there eventually. For now, it is where I post everything.
It was really nice meeting you tonight! you're such a sweetheart! (:
In spite of the flu, this Christmas has been gr8! So much to look forward to in 2012. Especially in Jan.... 87 reasons to love Jan.
Its cold outside n i wearing a tank top n some shorts wth sandals
i helpe my bor in law move!! fun fun:/
Game time !! NFL baby! Wings , beers, chips, and me!!! Lol
So the #tupachologram guy wants to bring back #elvispresley to sing with
i just watched the lem episode... holy crap man
Never frown upon the challenges or difficulties you've faced in life as these experiences have made your life's story unique & worth telling
Playing the Chinese Poker ap against the computer
I'm not a Kentucky fan but I'm kinda pumped to watch this game. Should be a damn good game.
Not off the top of my head. But I've been awake for awhile and I haven't seen the show since it was first on Netflix.
"Students are seeking to be problem solving. What they need is the infrastructure to do this. " Maureen Curley
I love that tour- I grew up close to Chicago, but we always took exchange students it!
I'm surprised that
that aint me, lmao awesome! My first fake account, lmao
that's impossible.. lol
My son's only "C" was in Computer Science. HOW did that happen?!?
Crisp, High Energy Practice 6 this morning. Impressive coming off of a few days rest. Hard working TEAM.
Baby shampoo will not make you cry. And neither will a good stereographer. Therefore all stereographers have small hands.
Hi I'm Justin Bieber. My lips are the gun. My smile is the trigger. My kisses are the bullets. Label me a killer. ;)
what is that???
One year later and co-worker still does not know how to pull up our website. "It won't come up." "You have it up. Click on the home icon -"
I'm pretending to be mad at I hope she doesn't find out.
A big fat NO to this new pit record.
i am with you on lost - I reached the point where it was too far gone to start. Will have to netflix at some point.
Constantly amazed while working on 17thc English Caribbean what major topics I can't find any scholarship on. Caribbean was a real place.
I'm pretty sure that if I were to just read out loud every sign I encountered, it would be a step up from my current conversational ability.
Don't text while you drive
"This is how we do it"
glad you're alive and enjoying post-surgery life :)
My people so funny
take a stand records
no problem! well glad we've finally talked to each other since his ass aint never introduced us.
Have you check out my new photo portfolio? Why not! www.edroperphoto.com
A musical based on the shenanigans at the unemployment office should be produced.vit would be a Broadway comedy hit.
Working on music & got the AC on... how bout that?
For anyone who does not love his brother, whom he has seen, cannot #love God, whom he has not seen. (1 John 4:20)
What a great weekend it was, thanks to all of our guests that stopped in, and celebrated the weekend with us! Great Job by our staff as well
A ton of #concert tixs this morning !
Will do! Ha ha.
good Meg! I am really happy for u! Take it all the way girl!!
Well, I just called ya house! You can call me cause I'm DONE talking about this on TWITTER!!
Currently breaking every rule of fashion right now...kill me
Patience #red sox
#PeopleILoveTheMost Gay men
Budget Bicycle Center is a full service Bicycle shop in the heart of Madison. 50% Off rental only through www.dealoria.com
Jobs Council recommendations gaining ground, restoring competititveness and creating jobs.Latest winners:entrepeneurs!
I hate the truth so much, I prefer a giant dose of bullshit any day over the truth.
you're decisive. Many people aren't - they don't know what they want.
“: I waved goodbye to my faith in humanity a long time ago.” good luck in the city
I am so excited for this freaking #TRACK erryday I get more and more excited!!!!!
Fabulous! Happy to be busy! Sleep is for the weak! #MarryTheNight Phone date soon? RT : I'm good man! U?!
Reggie is on stage, the world is right again!
oh man,if only. I don't even have your number!
#nwpam11 we must understand our past in order to create new paths to move us into the future.
Congratulations to the Joker - Character of the Year. This victory belongs to you. You are his voice & soul.
I've been told I should tweet once a day for publicity reasons. Something interesting, profound and of value. Hamburger is on sale at Winco.
man I am excited to be in town hah
#Giro It'll be interesting to see if they go thru Bevagna or just around it. Thru might be dangerous.
East side all the way
“The minute you settle for less than you deserve, you get even less than you settled for.” Maureen Dowd
love the beads but how did u get them? Xo
They stare at me, while I stare at you.
But You Already Know That! #WWE :) *giggles*
“Uprising”, press conference at 2pm in the Showroom, fight on Mar. 31. We are teaming up with Team Tapia!
hah ok...I'm walking to your house....im almost there.
Chef at Four Seasons hotel. Blew off my interview. Staging at Purple Pig instead. Fuck working in a hotel...
Yeah, but I mean.. I think it's starting to hit him.. </3
“: Girls that like the out doors and like to take walks<3 #MyType” same but with guys NOT girls (: lol
No doubt that it is around the family and the home that all the greatest virtues, the most dominating virtues of human society, are created
Fortunately it was a short cold this time. Just a cough left over at this point.
Laser tagging !
haha you love it
#drool but where's the rest? Such a big plate! Fill'er up! lol
can You Please Follow me On Twiiter. I'll Love You Forever
According to astronomy, when you wish upon a star you're actually a few million years too late. That star is dead. Just like you dreams :(
FRIDAY: Get ready to party bachelorettes & bday girls, DJs at will never turn down your requests, 9:30PM...
oh well that's cool :)
Thanks a lot John, never even head of it 'till now.
Working with the team to market planned giving opportunities...
Hahahaha omfg.. My mind is a very lovely place.. Haha our conversation about shirtless hot kids playing basketball in the pool??
i cant believe spring break is over please take me back
Take your time to know the person deep within .
Cant Wait To Hear Songs!
i couldnt wait so i bought a single ticket on Friday! They are selling fast. I couldnt get more than 1 in the section!
Well what do you know? I appear to have, once again, found myself in the presence of batshit insanity! Isn't THAT novel? I suppose not...
same! She's gonna be the cutest thing ever!
-- Uh, I had one yesterday (Henderson Alvarez) ... and it's a daily thing.
E-A-G-L-E-S! See you tonight at Shelleen's Charcoal House and Saloon for fun, prizes and football!
Just set two alarms for 3:00 a.m. Off to
P.S. - don't mind the mess in our lobby - good changes coming! Watch for our Tweets to see what is going on with us!
Yea I'm pretty sure I passed thy Geomatry test and the class...
yes sit
Bears and pizza and rock and roll
UM HELLO WHY ISN'T IT THUNDERING OUT
Another saturday meet tomorrow.
SEE WHAT I MEAN ABOUT ? she's worth a follow.
If at first you don't succeed, skydiving is not for you.
Agree but unfortunately that is the world we live in now.
LOVE IT!
Wait wait wait whoa whoa whoa ... people are mad that Steve Kean talked shit about Sam Allardyce? Everyone talks shit about Sam Allardyce.
What the snow???? It's a comfy cozy day for a latte and cupcake!! M
can't wait to see ya'll 2night;)
Disney Fantasy Cabin 6014 - Handicapped Accessible Category 08A - grab bars for showers
Your source for Unfinished solid Brazilian Hardwood Floors.
Will do!
Lol one of my fav tweets!!!RT : If I was to have a sextape or even pics "leak" I'd promote it like a album lmaoooooo
Haha I figured the quote in the train would get a rise out of you!
RT ! RT : Im gonna have my kids listening to Tupac, prolly the only artist i will give them from my lifetime lol
Appreciate them either way. That's what makes em family anyways
I think my 3 year old niece has more common sense than some of the people at Alpharetta
listen ladies, i've said this once and ill say it again, RESPECT YOUR BODY....I SHOULDNT HAVE TO EXPLAIN -LIL BEEZEE
Just Tried the new Ilike Yogurt power peel, raw, organic and seriously effective. What's your favorite skincare recipe?
Last day in Philly. Can't wait to visit again! Now crossing my fingers for 2 good presentations and an on time flight to PDX
Why cant I sleep? This is ridiculous
Absolutely awesome, kickass news! So SO happy for you and your family. It really put some things into perspective for me today.
All I want this week is my new kitten
im not giving in dis time ima just let things hpn naturally
Liz Brown and I have been trying to keep up with ARC/ERA/ERIH. Bonnie Wheeler of Arthuriana and CELJ is an involved MUSE editor
always...we gotta get on the course & hash out more details “: Shoutout to always a pleasure to talk business"
Thanks, Ms. Lisa!
is the #SexiestManAlive :)
I wanna make a SNAKE PARTY 2, but when i have so much money for it.
A friend is throwing us a reception to support our work- you're invited!. RSVP 410-279-0711, . Wed, 6 - 8 PM, Reisterstown.
i love that album, did his thing.
we have a free appetizer waiting on loyal tree for dessert
Sometimes the best way to love someone, is from afar. Love. Be wise.
Some people love the Superbowl. Me? I love #TheMasters. It is by far my favorite sporting event to watch. Par 3 contest today.
What? Kilo Kai? I got your Kilo Kai Right Here U Crazy Fucker!!!
If home is where you are, then home is way too far away.
careful with those generalizations ("for us"). My objects are processes! :-)
We will try to do a hunt every 3 days.
why is your defult picture of a cartoon?
my family would have graduation party's in the front yard yeah i'm mexican :p
Scotland, cool!
They're great, aren't they? I prefer them to most of their comparables (TV Personalities etc), for reasons I can't pinpoint
thats understandable lol..!! we wanna hit up a Blazer game sometime...
Without the Pens to cheer for... I would love to see the Kings hoist The Cup.
change ur name
for his good combos I believe he does, at least his main one that does a ton.
WHERE ARE YOU FROM?
There's a blessing in the storm. Old School :-)
Thank you!!
Why can't anyone see me when I'm present
This digital voice recorder is the best thing i've found since packing. So many memories on this thang, along w some music i've recorded wow
when ur only lighter isn't working
Woahh is actually online?? Welcome back classy grom!!
What a good family supper that was!! Not! I fucking hate my life!!!!!!!!
Once I get my own place you're welcome to visit any time!
nah I haven't seen it. what did it say?
faster than my landline. upload is > download speed interesting
don't worry you're here, been watching videos on YouTube of ya lol. Love the transformers and janelle Monae inspired video
awesome, how old is he?
celtics needa get this game together we needa win!!!
Ohio Third-Grader Weighing 200 Pounds Placed in Foster Care - Fox News
just gonna sit back, relax with a tall glass of lemonade, and write this graduation speech.
Wait why America the beautiful?
its all good. Thank you for supporting us!
Nas is real
"Teaching Me ..." is brutally honest about the sch sys/ unions that needs repair, w/a loving testimony on what makes a tchr
Ha | RT : Online for the 1st time today. Has anybody predicted where Huntsman's 3 supporters will gravitate now that he's out?
#actorsloungelive buy cds for five bucks
how could i erase that from my memory!? not even if i tried -yuck!
ahh I know I don't tweet that much either
The future, according to some scientists, will be exactly like the past, only far more expensive.
Always do your best. What you plant now, you will harvest later.
with pleasure. I look forward to meeting you in person soon
Maybe eating a package of oreos will make me feel better?
Just found out I get a cash award for my presentation. I probably shouldn't tell them I'm honored enough just to present, huh?
Hi - not quite. But communicating in 140 chars can be tedious if you have a longer msg :) Take care. Mike
A hug is a great gift... one size fits all, and it's easy to exchange.
I have one week to make my mom a mothers day cd
Watching Kansas vs. North Carolina with Viggle Sun | 15:30 | CBS Get real rewards just for watching TV.
really i didn't see it on my phone, i'll call you tonight
We are hiring if interested please email us on
After much deliberation, the spaces have been marked up for #diytrunkshow and we're ready for the morning. See you at 10am for shopping!
- some questions you're just dying to ask but there's no way it doesn't come out rude.
Thanks for the mention!
Hi friend! watch on my website littleliars(dot)org,latest Pretty Little Liars seasons2 Episodes online,free access!100%
It's a Frankie Lee and Judas Priest sort of day
hey I'm one of den girls! Don't judge me!!(:
yes yes!!
I know right! Ugh...hate going to the gym late too but it took me all evening to get motivated.
jc western has ariat riding boots on sale
I thought he might have made me smile, but yeah you just made my day crap!
lml do you even know what "lml" means?
If you lost everything, this minute... Could you seek violence against otherwise peaceful people for your support?
On to La Fin du Monde...awesome beer! Hope mine is even half as good!
that's silly talk. Everyone knows marketing costs alone should be 10x revenues...
:) super cute! Thank you. Hope to all connect again soon!
Over pooh house chillinq with the family kelsey pretty :-)
Meyer must have been deep into the Crayola box at this point & she couldn't even figure out the color she liked to write in
": hey,how can I submit music for your station?!" We only spin artists who either from or rep tha DFW.
Zed's Dead Baby
I was looking at your Darvish tweet for awhile, but then I realized you posted it on April Fool's Day.
Twitter gives you the option to follow who you want. You can streamline your interests & you don't have to follow back everyone. cc'
Watched the 1st movie trailer of a college course.
PPO Stands for Preferred Provider Organization. We offer many really great PPO plans designed to support business owners in New Mexico!
Nashville trench lawyer update. Aggravated assault charge retired in Murfreesboro, Tn.
At Dynamite listening to play the mess out of these funk & soul breaks. I missed 's set though, my bad plurrr.
Hate being sick and having to go to school.
Eli Lilly Sales Recruiter Mark Short will be answering ANY of your career or expo related questions TODAY at 330pm. Ask Q's!
Hey Cody :) i had a dream about you last night....and we met. Best day of my life. 123
Student films have the most amazing breakdowns: "actress must be able to convey thoughts and emotions with her eyes and facial expressions"
that you look like Adam Sandler <U+E057>
SHOUTOUT to all my new fans from The Small Business Room! Welcome! If you leave your info below, I will make sure to return the love! :-)
The sun shines brighter today.
no one would know what a child of theirs would look like
It's not a final. It's a project you guys have had weeks to work on, right?
The guy in line next to me at the DMV looks and sounds exactly like Stanley from the office.. Just made my DMV experience 1% better
OMG i just finishedd it. No spoilers. Holy F. Willem i worship her now, she is soo funny.
I can't wait to see my babies! (:
Thinks I want to go to school at ucsb... there's thousands of people partying in the streets!
Thanks for following .also check out for a beautiful universal interconnected experience
Great to hear ! RT : Posted general announcement to ANGEL about #Blackboard migration. Looks nice, if I may say so.
- Our pleasure Ken. You guys gave us a lot of good footage to work with, and your students had great things to say.
thanks for sharing. So sad.
Fire alarm goes off in middle of keynote address at #blackhat. Awesome.
:) How did you like it?
Its 9:55am and I'm bumpin' the hell out of my sound system! The subwoofer is kicking right now <U+2611>
Oh, I can't stand their commercials. The mannequins freak me out!
I NO IM SAD THT NOTHIN WILL EVA BE THE SAME NO MEAN TO H8 BUT I LOVED IT BEFO WHEN IT USED TO JUST BE THE ORIGINAL ICONiacz :)
good luck on your chem exam today, and have a safe trip home!
Pit bull's new song is bumpin' !
club on weekends and concerts during the week. Come down!!
“: I never don't work.” story of my life
hey! It was in the 60's today in Chicago. Come on back now.
Happy Friday! We hope you enjoy the episode we picked for our last day of reruns. We're back LIVE on Monday. Have a great weekend!
Women's college basketball is painful to watch
Thank you for your reply.
Give me a call when you get off work
ISIN'T MY PICTURE EPIC ??
RT What can you do to make your voice heard about the power of edtech? Visit the Advocacy Lounge to find out!
First ADDYs of the night go to , ,
So tired of stupid questions like why are you having a bris you're not jewish
Perez Hilton to Appear on Raw SuperShow
Humber's perfect game is No. 21 in history. There have been 4 HRs in a game 15 times, 13 natural cycles & 11 MLB Triple Crown campaigns.
your mom jk your mom's the bomb
Austin has a g-shock watch
help i'm a linguist in a communications seminar and i can't get out
here we go, more
Spending a week or two wit my baby this summer >>>>>
Spring break is almost here! Are you excited? Come by for an appointment so you can look and feel great for your vacation!
The eagle is en route
first eccentric artist
thanks drew ;)
Why do pear blossoms smell like butt? So annoying!
going to bed night
How long will you be in Austin? U bringing Roxy?
Got some real good cinco de mayo plans in store for tonight...
Happy birthday to me! (:
Apt robbed, thanks to the fucking desperate losers that took my laptop with my work....UGH!!! Get a life and stop taking from honest people
Its still raining?
"It's insane how pale I am in the sun"--
Thrifty Thurs 3 SMALL PLATE SPECIALS +14 on menu... $2 off all craft cocktails Smitty&#39;s in bar
that's very nice of you to say, thank you! :)
met blue october and chromeo today. super awesome. fireworks downtown; watching from penthouse.
RT Lets come together, show support & thank for taking a stand for #MarriageEquality today.
Nothing more "gangsta" than what this nation has been doing to other countries & people for 500 years.
: #Aquarius is not the type to feel sorry or regretful, especially with "Love"
Another busy week ! Two events and three consults! January is flying by!
Wolf gang runs the fucking block. Goodnight :'( jamming till I k.o
Who's in charge with keeping count on how many Tebow vs Goliath references will be mentioned this week... I vote for Colin
#oetc12 5 minute video synopsis of presentation proposals required for
! RT : RT : Yes try #Spur w/ their ode to the poor man's truffle RT Dinner in Seattle?
RT : I was ____ yrs old, when I opened a savings account. 8. Cool taking book for a deposit of $2 or $3!! Still have it.
lets assume she meant quick nap? lol
Need help claiming venue 364738 or recovering log in information. Please help!
Thanks for all your hard work to make cycling safe! Whom should I contact about DOT working with CUNY to distribute helmets & more?
For once I actually agree with JC on #ABDC7 for Electrolytes performance.
It's FAKE thats not even her real account(:
good: Joe Flacco, bad: Eagles o-line, ugly: Dolphins
Is not proof that the Republicans main interest is corporate greed?
Stay tuned for our new website, twitter & facebook backgrounds and new astounding version of DreamFace (we're on the starting blocks now).
meet ... you two should connect ....
How wrong it is for a woman to expect the man to build the world she wants, rather than to create it herself.
CTG in Kentucky for National Arts Marketing Conference-too bad Patricia, CTG Edu Staffer, forgot Lil' Will at home! Any Louisville advice?
If you brag about who you've fucked, you're lame.
Atleast I tried. Can you say the same?
Sorry, I will never like Adam Levine. He is so rude and disrespectful.
Guy P. also has a recipe in there, & a buddy made it for my birthday last year. It was so tasty, I destroyed it.
Tgey have no class...every time I see the TV movies like the Temptations, they at least portrayed themselves as a xlass act on stage
Too excited for #SMCHou tonight! Come by and join in!
Not your fault. Salon only has one nail tech so they were ill-prepared to offer a groupon.
But yeah training is big time cool. But kinda lagging it on WORK. Which is Bad. Really bad. I am a libra but never can Fkn balance shit!
I remember when we always talked on JakesShawty and you were trying to get to 2k :,) Your tweets are amazing btwwww!
yeah you should
At the pizza pit, #FIU has 1 fan here
Actually my bellybutton was going from an innie to an outie . My Dr. said it was an Umbilical Hernia, fixable only by surgery.
I'm goin where them big booty women b lol
#dogoodsummit PM session: be sure to catch up with from at the "Smart Growth" session| room 250
He did say WORLD CHAMPS!!!
is pretty morbid Funny too.
I want some hot chocolate
thanks for the yelp review... glad you enjoyed the food ;)
The special effects are terrible in the movie 2012.
Its me world Lady Love
I thought the Rangers were in the AL West.
come on people! follow me! and i will always follow you!..
School needs to finish already
RPW's Ben Sparks explains email naming Barrett as winner of Dem primary sent before polls close: GOP "not going to waste any time"
the growth the have shown over the past 5 games is why we LOVE this team.
Sometimes I get so busy, I forget to review my to do list. This, I will let you all know, is a mistake.
haven't touched my Omegashirt since... you know. We reppin' in Europe?!
"This is like Space Ska," says Ms. Yellow Magic
Can't think of many worse series than this... 2 shutouts to padres, including Suppan. Gamel out for yr and now Braun maybe hurt?
lls how was your day???
Now that makes perfect sense. It's a tough balance because quite often 'race' on tv gets preachy and obvious.
awe :) well I do try my best :p
“: Walkin into graduation doe :)” Happy graduation!
Asking Alexandria, Trivium, Motionless In White, I See Stars, Amity Affliction tour true?
do you get to choose where he punches you?
Note to self : Never become the "Blitz"
no problem(: How you doinn?
that's the worst copy-edited story i've ever seen
is awesome to work out to
I did a theatrical performance about puns. It was a play on words.
pray for me Kuya Ricky. I'm really praying for it.
You're covering Payphone... Hm i wonder who suggested that ;) Can't wait!
#ConfessionTime i save alot of money by switching to geico
growing out my nails isnt easy.
Oh Kristen...I will give you a trophy for that the next time I see you!!
Did anyone just see the Kumho Tire ad on the ESPN? I'm scratching my head a bit...
As of 9 am most buses are back on schedule As the snow continues remember to dress appropriately for conditions Thank you for your patience
RT : #MAGICMONDAY. Huge night of surprises. 10pm, Tammany Hall.
So will you be serving pig's blood bloody marys to the general public tonight?
Going out for a night on the town in Chicago!
That's fine i'll be folding denim :)
Let's get your Christmas shopping out of the way early! Waterproof Nano - Bam! you''re finished. Use the code "earlyxmas" and save $15
I couldn't' find any..(moonshine) ....thinking about a card game today what you got planned....
love the Apps Galore salon
Thanks. Eventually going to text-mine the whole thing, but wanted a quickie with Wordle, just to see. Going to try some more later on
HTC One S review
I can't lie... just went 2 live taping of #TheVoice &it was AMAZING! Have serious respect 4 & what authentic artists
LOL . Later that night. He made it up.. He's not rude anymore well for now he aint :O
water in my phone....fantastic. y must it always, ALWAYS rain in Chancellorsville?
There's just not enough time in a day it seems like.
o fail! I forgot about DS9 and unfortunately it looks like that's the only one they left out! Wtf?
Many many years of experience has lead to his level of expertise, just keep drinking and someday you might be as good. haha.
Come see OBOSD author Zoe Ghahremani speak today at a panel discussion at 6:30 pm in the SD Main Library 820 E Street !
WOW i live there and now im in california and my friend is going... wish i was there :(
I want to create visual map of my job skills/experience for use in a blog/personal website. Any suggestions for online tools?
Proud to have Dean and Susie Spanos on the April cover of Giving Back Magazine!
Chi town, what up?
S/o D.Wade tho that nigga say fuck you and attacked Collison punk ass
Is it insomnia? Am I tripping about my #LAUSD pink slip? Or can I not shake the thought of those nasty #pedispin commercials! Eeeew!
#Bmore runner runs 50 MILE Labor of Love this Sat in Nevada to raise $ for &
Now skrillex im not mad at you for having an overall not very good new album. I'm just disappointed.
At terminal Logan Airport.... So peaceful and calm, everything hassle free, at my gate within 20 mins. Amazing!!!
I totally agree!! ...that's how I do everything!
...can actually change the minds of those who were on the fence. Certainly historical. In my view wonderful. what do YOU think?
I Wanna Party and Dance and get high off of the ectacsy that's come with it ^.^
now that's a good game lol
almost time to clock out & tip 1 back. #wine, #beer, or #liquor???
- get weird creep
everybody gettin dreads i swear
Knock, Knock. Who's there? The guy that wants to sell you a fucking door bell.
“: I love making movies. A lot of fun stunts on set today. Time for me to get some rest! It's a wrap...”
Cheifs are lookin legit... Tell Drew to keep the faith haha
Gross LJ rules in Oceanconnect UK Ltd. v. Angara Maritime Ltd. case concerning issues of private international law: [2010] EWCA Civ 1050.
I want Pussycat Dolls outfit!! So hot!
Howdy back! RT Howdy to you all from Harford County. Enjoy the SLRC Tour. Ask Questions. Meet People from other libraries!
Christ? What did I win?
July 31st! Just what the parrotheads have been waiting for. Retweet if we will see your smiling faces at KMC!
Two of my FAVE bevs of all time - cheers!
event, thanks for spreading the news
I fail to understand Jake's Bachelor-based decisions. I pray he is not so indecisive as an airplane driver.
" i have no interest in playing, I just want to know how to play." So basically you just want to waste my time.
“: doing a melody of at ! Video soon!” get ready!!
Nothing but lie after lie.. night world
TWiP podcast recording starts in 15 minutes :))
Now following back :]
That's awesome! Thanks for sharing!
zombie thing was meh.
I have to agree with the current caller. LA would be a great trade piece for a true finisher
Dear your back massages are the reason I can come to work. You're the best
: Best practices for opt-in : don't buy lists, use active and double opt-in, be transparent.
Tanqueray & tonic yeah...
June. Will you be to travel / show me the city?
hunger games until I fall asleep
RT : "Stay hungry. Stay foolish" - steve jobs. RIP to the man who formed our generation. Prayers to the Jobs family.
Some of us will do our jobs well and some will not, but we will all be judged by only one thing -- the result.Vince Lombardi
(2 pts for this one) Last Q: What's Ariana's complete name?<U+2661>
I'm beginning to wish for technology to become sentient self-aware beings so I can strangle the life out of my printer.
thanks for the support dude! we'll see you this weekend
wax everywhere?! What the hell happened? I remember being offered a Grammy? May come in for a diet coke on my non way to work...
if I had your number, in would text you al the time. Hint hint(: haha
UPDATE: 5P (NOT 4:30) Our new partnership to preserve #Armeniangenocide testimony on Los Angeles News
The reason dealers charge outrageous deale fees is simple. Some people pay them!
so about the same time. I wonder how or if they accounted for it.
I don't care what anybody says, I like Billy. He Is the #Oscars to me.
Men in Black I International Poster
I hate being sick! :(
Ocean Clinic tomorrow 7am @ LMU.. 1st hour in the pool, then grab your wetsuit and head on down to the beach!
text me
That awkward moment when you're at a red light & you look at the person next to you & they're already looking at you.
I can't wait 4 the playoffs!!
Tonight ALICE will have a Cooper's Cover from Yes, A Vinyl Siding Song from Deep Purple and a future classic from RUSH at 7p on 101.5.
Here's another - #WaysToTellPplTheyreUgly - well, in the TV biz it's "you've got a face for radio" - ouch. This hashtag thing is kinda weird
- follow us and get a free cream'wich!
That's stupid
: has some good answers to some tough questions.
this could take a few tweets.. I guess the door guy had just moved a table to its "correct" place (unbeknownst to me) I then..
#addicted to flick soccer
I hope I fall asleep at the wheel and crash my car on the way home.
Sweet! Stay in touch Virginia!
I wish rather the #Royals still had Kyle Davies over Luke Hochevar. At least Davies wasn't a #1 overall #mlbdraft pick.
Caps Top Pens in OT
D-town love with & #PeytonManning in SD to remember
i put damage protect-ant in my hair. GAWD IT SMELLS GOOD.
Dinner date with #besties <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
To choose the best floor, employ the best technology... ur EYES!!!
It may be Monday, but have no fear... HAPPY HOUR is here!! Monday-Friday starting at 330pm! Drink & food specials going on :)
sure has a lot of marriage advice for someone who's been divorced twice and has rushed into yet another relationship.
they know
then we'd have to listen to an another insufferable tribute...
good bye!
and now any sort of attraction I had for this guy is completely lost. :(
"Sept. 7, 2010 -- the H1N1 swine flu was no more severe -- and posed no greater risk of serious disease -- than recent seasonal flu bugs."
lucky :/ I wished she would text me. She really loves you a lot! I don't know how you did it...
RT : currently in school for MSW (master's of social work) however I'm thinking about switching 2 criminal justice, thoughts? ^MH
how hit was Stevie Nicks?!!
Humber is all over the place. Ill take Axelrod as my 5th starter. And I would never give Hafner a pitch to hit.
Please follow me ? :)
Test results back: no evidence of disease. Yahoo!!!
Thank you for carrying !
Today 8 November is my 53rd Birthday & I'M GOING TO WALT DISNEY WORLD Magic Kingdom Park All Day
#EveryoneHasThat1Friend Who SWACKS UP THE ASS THAT ITS AS IF THEY ARE YOU!!!
Damn. Had a dream about VoxPro. Yes, that's how much I miss it.
sorry but it was close
Thanks for the RTs and favorites!
Heyy How are ya doing today?
You from Cinco Ranch though.
gearing up for my April newsletter! Send me your email address and I promise some great informative info!
It's #FF already!? This week flew by! In that case, follow and b/c these chicks rock my socks!
bruh. full van sadly : (. if anything changes ill let ya know.
RT : You can now find us at Goodreads! Look us up, join the group. :)
sushi time
you're welcome and I hope you have an amazing birthday :)
Please let me know if you guys are available and contact information. Thanks!
At flanigan's in Wellington
u read my comment
I'm just getting over one. Finally caved and drank myself healthy.
good 4 u hun.. i wish i cud say the same
There's a big assumption in the graphic - that non-excellent teachers, whatever that means, are cause of achievement gap.
“: why am i the only one ballsey enough to play hey mister?”
Enjoying a cup of #Tim_Horton's this morning. Mighty nice.
Just had the best sub.. steak on flatbread with tomatoes, green peppers and chipotle dressing. My fav!
#IfOnlyYouCould rewind the past to when Austin was 14 & had only around a thousand followers. When him & Alex use to goof off, in Texas.
RE: memorizing tips - best were repitition and recording - guess it's like a muscle, the more you do, the stronger you get.
shut up
Whether they got 1 wk or 14 wks, it was a gift!
Stop by RIF Pittsburgh's table at the Bryant Street Festival on Sunday! Kids can make their own bookmark and select their own book to keep!
RT Drink Beer legally RT : Buy beer... RT BRYCE HARPER JUST STOLE HOME. What can't this kid do?
The pages are still blank, but there is a miraculous feeling of the words being there, written in invisible ink and clamoring to become...
Apocalypse Now, Zodiac, City of God, 2001: A Space Odyssey, Goodfellas, Pulp Fiction, Blade Runner, Dr Strangelove, Exorcist
boo! I miss the tie!
Hey Men Yo didnt go to facebook to teach me that is really bad thank you for nothing!!!!
thank you :)
Out walking the dogs a women asked if I was the guy on her roof last night..he had a beard..wt
yay, thx! We so appreciate all the work that goes into it
I love how the younger guests awards are waiting for autographs from literary professionals.
It's Up To You To Make Those Hit Records, Its Up To Us 2 make It #SOUND Like a Hit Record
Couldn't agree more. It is ironic how #HR tends to be where strong culture, engagement & great ideas go to die.
I am currently eating a muffin with a spoon, to what would no doubt be the chagrin of my coworkers.
Looked into some 3rd party apps, kind of hard to grok on first glance. Kind of like Excel itself.
dm I know you are paid to consult and When funded we will Meanwhile, we have an amazing Edu opportunity. When do we go public?
Life is good.
So apparently Miguel Torres is my long lost cousin.
Ever consider a home theater system for endless hours of entertainment? Come visit us at www.tazzlighting.com to find out more.
You may not have a lot of friends, all you need is The Friend. Jesus!
Big game tonight... LEGGO BOYS <3
With all of this champagne celebration talk, how long until we hear the story of the under-agers during the UWM celebration?
Wake up, school, home, sleep, Twitter, eat, workout, homework, TV, sleep. Than the cycle repeats.
The updated schedule should be out this week. As soon as it is, we will post right away. Hope you can still make it!
What's everyone up to tonight?!?!?!
Open phone lines on The Other Side program via call - 713.526.5738 - open topic!
Least cool athlete?
I'd love to get one of those #MUFC Champions kits. Just for the lulz.
Took all day for my room service
girl get yo ass of twitter lmao
#WeWontWork if you don't put any effort into the relationship.
Rawking out to Doves - Kingdom of Rust!
10/5 Salad Special: Mixed Greens in a Fresh Herb Vinaigrette w/Shrimp Remoulade, Sliced Avocado, Vine Ripe Tomatoes & Crumbled Goat Cheese
Happy Birthday to my little sister. The big 16! :D
Just sold $CEDC for a quick 5% profit.
God is in leading us, God is by our side, God is above us & right in our faces, while chasing us down with blessings at that!
wow that sounds like great sequencing!
It need to gone rain.
I was contacted by that a Talent Manager was interested in representing me after viewing my Best Performance.
I don't wanna leave!!!
I just got sucked in to watching The Bachelorette,someone take my penis and beat me with it!
Not even a week after the first old lady, a 92 year old woman was found murdered in her home in District Heights, MD. What is going on?!
When the sun goes down, the lights go up at Jacks and the night is ours. Come hang out!!! -dg
Why are the waiters at Chinese restaurants so rude!!
Its funny how my phone is off butbi can still get on twitter
We trippy mane
sometime in the Spring, April or May time frame. DM your e-mail and we will put you in on our Boston agenda!
My mother just called me a bridezilla ...hm...
I understand. Mine fell somewhere in my car. Hubs did find it after cutting out a compartment a year later! I hope you find it.
very very busy day! but it's worth it cause im making lots of money! :) #awesome!
you're gay mijo ^.^
it was really nice seeing some familiar faces at the Field of Dreams event tonight
pssst (: I have ice cream!!!
O you scared!
panel on the Constitution at 250.
RT : When your desires are strong enough you will appear to possess superhuman powers to achieve. ~ Napoleon Hill...
Wow Harvard going for 4 point play to ties it!
can't seem to facebook connect. whether i approve or deny optional permissions, I get "content not found". on ios app or web
Ion wana be her bff nomore
They killing it over hea!
RT “The reason I talk to myself is that I'm the only one whose answers I accept”~ George Carlin quotes
We love seeing humanities folks showing up all over the beautiful Vinoy! We're in for a great few days!
What are you wearing tomorrow ??
- Likewise! Thanks for the follow!
What going on people?? Comment me how are you doing today...
I've been able to keep it together the past couple days but this pushed me off the edge
better chance of Rex Ryan going to church with tebow than that happening
Do you remember those cold Decembers, with you wrapped around me, tight as a glove?
Just passed from Florida to Georgia on I95. Looks like I won't hang with #cwcon folks tonight...
wait til next time...you're going down slut
Yo girl. Message me your number. I got an iPhone and your number didn't transfer over. Miss you! Hope everything's well.
Incubus is incredible
I can't wait to get home and eat some weeds. That's what you call the act of using a weedeater, right?
ATI Announces Long-Term Agreement for Rene 65 Alloy
it would be worth it trust me she wants you
nobody likes her. Its so funny
What an abso-smurfly gorgeous day here in Kansas City!
Hmm Mexico don't really celebrate Cinco De Mayo , and here in the U.S. they celebrate it all big and shit !
so glad to see other ppl i kno get into this whole #parenting thing. i laugh and i cry for them. but not as much as i laugh and cry 4 myself
We are looking for an office in Tampa. Please let me know if anyone knows of any good spots.
Funny thing is I was referring to work. But twitter could use one too.
your tweets are awesome! :)
haha I'm not that nasty.
CC is 16-2 Lifetime vs. O's !!! Marc I think you could catch him tonight & he'd win.
I have a lunch appointment at noon so I can't go yet. I'm dying! RT Scholz: Is it time for Grandma Lunch yet?
Projection: Under Obama, we will have wages. Under Romney, the Chinese will have wages.
first rain, now snow? UGH
definitely. Can't wait!
power is out again. grrr mlgw.
Most the chicks that magazines try to pass as being perfect and sexy are ridiculously ugly. #noass? #notitties? Not none!?
are you attending???
#dml2012 mission admission- goal to win - collage!! Building game strategies t aptly your goals. Launching this month on
Listening to freak out because she probably has to do all her engr 131 hw by herself! I thought Asians were hard working?!
Audition tomorrow for 30 Rock! Third time's a charm!
Please follow me I LOVE YOU <3
Haha, thats how I feel. But he's actually being funny, and he is hardly even talking. Aha
"when I eat, it's the food that is scared"....classic Ron Swanson
#flavortown was that a reference to Guy? My buddy and I poke fun at his quotes every week... We have a list.
Hello twitter :)
Ok! I will watch and vote now. :)
30/30 is back on again 7:30 cst..ESPNU. A year running ....thanks Espn and Jon Hock
set fire to the rain!
Bo pellini at a loss for words
“Nobody can go back and start a new beginning, but anyone can start today and make a new ending. ~ Maria Robinson
in a good way! Lol
Starting at 1:30 (Now): Head over to Reckling Park for networking before the Rice vs. UH baseball game. Free food and drinks!
Thank You :-)
#AskMichelle Are you still proud to be an American?
I just got charged a bag fee and tomorrow when I land someone is going to hear about it.
It thinks your cheating on it lol!
I Choo Choose to Believe.
Thanks for the #FF Paul! :)
a good friend would share a copy of that with his other friends ;-)
Listen To Some Odd Future In Class!!!
Does Sefalalalalalalosha have a twitter?
Are you reading "The Art of Racing in the Rain" for 's All #Henrico Reads? Author Garth Stein speaks in #RVA April 5.
Heed the warning!
i think we should skip school and go to the mall... yes or yes ? (;
#CGXEmerge Thanks to , the LDP Associates behind the scenes, our clients, vendors, etc... Great memories! Safe travels to all.
unlocked or locked?
Sending happy thoughts and wishes for excellent turkey your way. Also happy to whisper a prayer to deity of your choosing...
bwahahaha because they just skate by at life? ;-)
Ok, enough #passiveaggressivetweets for now... Back to being positive (But, seriously!)
we are in pre-marketing right now and will be live in 2012!!! thanks!
Some people are hopelessly devoted to their labels. Democrat? Republican? Liberal? Conservative? You are a sad sad waste of air.
Whether or not God exists is not as important as whether a belief in God exist
Levo League Offers Career-Building for Gen Y Women
Melissa Harris-Perry has a fantastic show on MSNBC. But that lisp! But she is also very well educated.
We slow sometimes... but THANKS!!
Thinking about putting in my 2 weeks
Ringer's on tonight! What do you think will happen to Bridget + Andrew's relationship?
Did everyone have a good time at our show with Lydia!!?!?!
Just got word SB466 will be signed today. (It's confirmed) Law will likely go into effect on April Fools Day. Wish it were a joke.
A huge thanks to the over 80 friends and supporters who came to Senator Scott White's Fundraiser tonight!
if you listen to Justin Bieber backwards, it totally still sucks
This is getting annoying. Either it rains or it doesn't. Enough of this on and off crap <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
A review, yes. First words have been written
I'm just staring at my computer screen laughing my head off and my dog's all, WTF? O.O
Can someone please tell me why Skype is committed to making it impossible to quit the program? I upgraded and can't find the quit button...
You are not helping! ;)
RT : RT : Everyone who bought PPV, who came out to Vegas and #TheMoneyTeam -- Thank you.
Tomorrows the last day of school?........I THINK YES!!! Summer 2012 is coming my way!! ((:
What's your favorite part of the season? :)
Here's me # so call me maybe...
Hope all the moms out there had a great day Mother's Day.
back from Portland...not sure how I feel about it. Other than cool.
lol just making sure.
I might be addicted to sleep.. Normal?
no i can too!
OMG this game fuckin sucks
I knew it!
Smoke Break!
I used safety scissor and a bathroom mirror. So classy lol
Really like the angles of excitement for Kathryn Bigelow's win= lady! librarian's daughter! former conceptual artist! beating J-Cam is best!
- PLEASE stop the bucher/broussard debates, no one wants to read that shit
Do not lose courage when considering your own imperfections. They are the things that make you unique. Embrace yourself & engage the world.
What did he do?
I've been to it was awesome.
This Wednesday at the Wine Bar, Gypsy Jazz with Hot Club of DC : guitars, violin, bass and vocals. 7pm. No cover.
I wish. I really wish to be on that stage dancing. That's really what I meant.
First problem is any president referred to as a "rock star." How many rock stars you know that can create jobs for the masses?
how goes it over there? Need any guest bloggers?
there's nothing wrong with swim trunk shorts! :-P
Mark One Eyeball.
I can't wait for 4:30!
T3: I think for business use its important being on the right networks to reach your customers, clients, followers and friends.
Very productive day, greenhouse built and seeds planted.
Way to go Kaner
Oil Rain Lamp - antique oil lamps
Just turned on the news and guess who's on? - check her out Fri @ Club Giarbaldi w/ Tickets $5
Any of my coworkers have an iPhone charger on them?
on the left, we spend too much time of defense! I also agree with your take on Paul. I like Paul, he is consistant and honest but
5K scholars, students, artists, critics, curators, collectors, librarians in LA for 100th annual conference today.
sure - laugh at us. but i'm moving to NY if the ban goes through!
I need to learn how to use Tweetdeck for iPhone
<U+2665>MERRY CHRISTMAS<U+2665>
I cannot wait for the coast! #cold weather here I come :D
You can't be a player forever man- tyga
Meal Planning Monday a new series on the blog at www.knowledgesafari.com
Nice Team call boys: Hunster Mahan with the win :)
Bad bad bad decisions.
first few pictures are finally up. www.everywebbs.com loads slowly because it's had some issues, but I finally got them up!
you hit me with a fucking donut.
on beach
i hate camilla so much she stupid Gia is the best rock it girl and fuck these bitches up when you have too
Milwaukee King junior Austin Malone-Mitchell picked up scholarship offers from Bowling Green and San Francisco today, per his AAU coach.
when i herd say that his kid wanted a ceiling fan t shit i just bout shit myself laughing!
if you drop the "experience" it becomes COOL :)... but more seriously, i haven't seen much cooperation in a any of these
Everyone #Follow for some good music
Is armor fully customizable?
I JUST got caught up! Lol *goes to watch so I don't fall behind again* lol
just when I thought I was out, Facebook pulled me back in!
and dudley moore's real life son went to my school in nyc growing up.
10 min left of #smallbusinesssaturday! Buy ANY items in the www.nightowlmerch.com store and get a FREE "Night Owl - Up All Night" Tote Bag!
so cute
Softball: Megan Bates' RBI double scores Brynn Lio as Wildcats get one back trailing 3-2 to St Helens into the 7th.
lol it's been that long ? I was over your house like winter break & in October & you weren't there.
Thanks for coming to see us last night in Dallas. Enjoyed meeting you. Looking forward to watching DVDs of Breaking Bad.
Twiiter is like a good friend that you never have to see
I hope I get what I am wishing for.
we miss ya. It's kinda close football season n you know what that means. Parties at Cynthia's!!!
Intermission at 4th Street's "August: Osage". Nicely done.
never mind I was told it was custom class for a corporate client. I'm just a student. Damn
So nice to have a Raider here in Jacksonville
I hear you need boxing gloves!
These refs can suck it
Its ok I don't judge lol RT : dwl
BELOW THE BRIM updated their website! Art, Fashion, Hope... its not just a "To DO" it's "To B"...
I just won four tickets for tomorrow night's game from AWESOME!!
might make it.
If you want the inside on internet marketing go to: www.warriorforum.com let me know what you think..
almost? You had a chance to BE somebody.
hit the follow button and
Stupid spam.
Say again
lml! I'm dyin! And I'm rude?! Wow lolololol aight I dig u win
Fighting at Paseo graduation , really ! Smh
Finished reading "Search Engine Optimization Secrets" by Danny Dover. Written for those who want to be SEO consultants. Very well done.
The 1st three books are phenomenal. They slow down after that. Currently reading book 5.
My leg looks awful, and so does my arm.
RT : Greco: its not nonprofits themselves that are inefficient, but the rules in which they are forced to operate. Huzzah!...
I have a feeling that drama is going to start in Peyton's street team again. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
i think i'm goin to some house party
In other news: Drive Thru @ Chick-fil-a for lunch. Ordered #4,Spicy Deluxe meal. Drove 10 minutes, opened my sandwich box..No Top Bun! FML
great! Thank you.
we want to see is "Rock of Ages." There is a half price ticket booth in Times Square which sells 1/2 price tix day of show.
hahaha, I love it! Where do I get a set?
Happened to me yesterday, except I forgot a sports bra. It was the perfect excuse to ditch the gym.
I've noticed. I had hoping my sad pleading would be worth less than an hour of their time, though
I still don't think you realize how much I honestly like you.
Now up: Lisa Snyder on classroom use of 3D models of urban environments
We are competing in the 3rd Annual Boston Chili Cup at Ned Devine's on Thursday, Feb 16th! Get your tickets here...
that bad huh? Should have stuck with the underage Hooters girl dumbass
Hello Naill!! You're amazing, hope you have had a great day <3
Dale Jr is off to a great start still think he will win multiple races and challenge for the championship
Senate Finance covering foster care programs now in budget hearings. Sen. West asking good questions.
I didn't, I thought you were serious!
Nice work - Kevin will be there!
At the #Races with my Zachy!! <3
its ok I wonder what times its in the uk right just waiting for it be on
This special event will be held in Long Beach, California on the 17th and 18th of September
almost did except for the fact it's neon under white
I GOT IT BRO ILL BE HITTIN YOU LATER TONIGHT
Digging very deep into my heart so I can write something of substance and meaning...
Sorry for the families, friends of troops lost today. That real pain makes Washington's dysfunction completely unbearable.
Yep, a couple of case studies around here. *sigh*
The influx of #SpringBreak-ers to #NewMexico has been a blast so far! I love seeing people enjoy our great state!
the "allowing Elena to make her own decisions" thing is a big, big deal. I think that's why she loves Stefan more and most of all
yeah I get so frustrated with refs but my dad is one so......lmfao
Lets Go Texas!!!!
Getting ready for another giveaway! Start brushing up on your western trivia for the 2010 Hot Air Hoe Down this Saturday!
RT : I'm staring at a microphone...should I record a new freestyle and put it out tomorrow? Hell yeeaaaahhh
Here a miracle- a hot gamimg girlfriend
According to Chris Mueller you are the worst dressed Admiral?! According to JSonline's hockey blog. haha
The qualities that most attract a woman to a man are usually the same ones she can't stand years later.
Gabby. GABBY. GABBY!!!!
duhh i thought i told u like a thousand time at the track meet lol
Parents with iPads: do you have favorite apps to keep kids entertained? Looking for something the baby can play with.
Always around when the lighters up, never putting in on nothing
I meet ~~> down 5points she gave me her twitter but not da # :(
Thank you for the feature!
Corey Brewer is who Losing Isiah grew up to be lol
Having the most horrible night
I clicked twitter on my imdb page and went OH that's what that does LOL
Very excited to be taking part. RT : Announcing who'll lead a #typeacon intensives session on blog monetization.
but at least you remembered your phone!
oh okayy :) whenever! what are you up to?
Mozilla has adopted the red panda cubs at the Knoxville Zoo to celebrate Firefox's 7th birthday and is streaming live video of them 24/7.
Nathan talked about it the whole 3 hour trip home!! Nasa made his day :)
Mr Baskin! Are you at #tedxuchicago ? The first talk I listened to was about coding. We should have a
booked a web designer! new site is go! (in a couple of weeks)
What do you want to talk about? You haven't made it easy you know.
why they like to marks on yellow folks sis?
I hope no supporters tricked into drinking tap water during his #belleview visit...
How do you all feel about mood altering prescribed medication?
#GordonMoore talking #fishing. I won a $10 bet on biggest #bonefish caught on a trip to #Palmyra with him. He paid up right away!
Fun Facts Friday! The most snowfall within 24 hours in the U.S. was 63 inches and occurred in Georgetown, Colorado on December 4, 1913.
10 teachers VS 98 kids. lol hahahahaha and the thing is, it's a jail school. right down the road from the jail. hahahah.
The Beastie Boys have never sounded sad to me, until today. The License to ill was apparently a metaphor God did not understand.
Loved Corinna Belz's documentary "Gerhard Richter Painting." Focus on materials and process and the poetics of making things.
Great course on Lynda.com for converting your book using InDesign to EPUB, Kindle, and iPad
Don't we all! RT : Today is national IPA day, so go out and enjoy a fine brew! Wish I could say it was free...
Haha, that is exactly right, only short and fat. Like the girl version of Pugsly.
Hey guys! One Thing is #2 on hot 99.5 right now!<3
Look for #FutureGun in an upcoming issue of The Villager. -JO
Tough Monday! Great lunch specials today! Stop thru and join our March Madness Bracket on ESPN while you are here!
November has arrived! Have you procured your Thanksgiving turkey yet? How about some tamales? What's your favorite Thanksgiving side item?
Congrats to Carol Tenopir, one of twelve Southeastern Conf professors selected to receive the SEC’s first ever Faculty Achievement Award.
Thank you.
Talking to you and a guy I just met. :) Hmm....you can be my new best friend lmao xD
awesome. We are really excited and will be reaching out soon with details. Look forward to meeting.
too good
Unless you were planning on staying that long,cause I was only plannin on like hour and a half like 11-1:30
listen here faggot!
sorry I had to ditch you ladies toward the end. Those guys were annoying as shit. lol
speaking of more.....when are you gonna serve us more KARMA?
I didn't like the ending of Lost, does that get me any cred?
“: *If you have time to tweet, but not to text me back, I hate you.” agreed!!!!! :)
So apparently I was texting #Oomf last night and had no recognition of it until I went through my texts this morning smh.
Blazers beating up on Spurs. Fans see it as a good beat down, but take it w/ a grain of salt. Parker & Duncan have the night off.
Cupcake Wars judge & “Sprinkles Cupcakes” owner, C. Nelson, settled a TM infrng. case against “Pink Sprinkles;” now “Pink Cupcake Shack.”
We are basically area code sisters ha!
have talked with 3 executive search firms in a month. #freshviews coming to key #RVA agencies!
undergrad? More like elementary school. I haven't heard #not used since the mid-90s. You were born then, right?
She dnt speak know Spanish.....but she call me Papi
It is Joey Votto bobblehead day! All the way from DC for my legs.
we pushing our luck for three days in a row tomor? lol
The kitchen is back and running! We'll be open today for dinner at 4pm!
- thanks Nicole -- mostly Washtenaw County groups. But look out for Fall Into Service- Detroit, Fall 2012
Thanks for the lovely tweets!
your bitch forehead like rihanna & has a hairline like Lebron
srsly! What am I supposed to do with myself??
Man, I really wish we had Vanski tonight.
Welcomes our followers. The party is gonna be great. Come help us support
nike.com/makeitcount
Pray for me.
id have to say my life is deffantly not a bore!!
Think it! See it! Hear it! Feel it. It will be yours
I'm so ready for summer! 10 more weeks until freedom!
people damn shut the hell up wit all this flashin justin crap.. it gettin anoyying it was the past so let it go...
I was thinking how awesome it would be if you had s app! ;)
: Has anybody at the Post Biz calculated what the cost of productivity loss has been in Denver this week due to sports stories?
Revamped website. www.imaginarytalent.net :D
Sen Paul Pinsky: We had headlines for air pollution. It's now time for Maryland to be in the forefront with offshore wind. Go wind power!
Noone has ever succeeded in April fooling until today. He's probably gonna break up with me but it was SO GOOD.
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> You're disgusting.
Weather is on point today.
I just want one day where I'm not tired.
Prayers to you and your family..((hugs)) xoxo
GangstaPlaya143 RT : what's your aim??
The prettiest dresses are worn to be taken off
Proclamation presented to Ken Boothe
Just got my hands on a copy of April Bloomfield's () A Girl and Her Pig. First recipe to try: chopped chicken livers on toast.
I found it a bit thick for cookie dunking and ended to watering it down... but coffee? Let me know how it goes.
you should! It's pretty juicy;) and yes, eva longoria is in it. But she's mine so, back off!;)
And there is your dagger..(too early?)
Welcome to Hollister , would you like a gasmask, earplugs, or a flashlight?
laundry day is fuckin #annoying. that is all.
Thanks for the checking me out, dont forget to visit kewlaire.com
Ironically, Packers fans are probably thrilled that Aaron Rodgers lost to Calvin Johnson in the Madden '13 cover vote.
“: News Alert: Designer Betsey Johnson files for chapter 11 bankruptcy; most stores to close.”
Injustice can be removed, but human differences and natural boundaries cannot be removed.
Planning a Friday night outing for a girl who's just turned 21. What would be your suggestions for a night out?
Thanks , , & 4 all the hard work! Missed anyone? Hope to do it again!
beez in the trap c;
which school has that sign posted?
Sleep is good.
Share lots of content!Shelf life of #sm link is 3 hours... You don't want to drink milk that's been sitting out that long, do you?
iiop x el y el x otra! u.u
You guys blow me away all the time, with the rawness yet slick,polished magical musical harmonies
Lil, check out our service, then the Romance will come to you literally. :)
Today's panels interesting. Re: library e-reader lending: desired by patrons, but have to tell Amz & B&N that we have institutional pricing.
Let your people work from home, the increased productivity will amaze you. I allow my team a wide berth in this regard -...
my brain is on creativity overload from my stroll around #Makerfaire Detroit. I have a huge urge to make another art car ASAP.
just make sure he takes care of you and treat you like the princess you are :-)
caught ur set at north coast and it was rad! Come to in De-trois and play for us!
I really should just save california chicken cafe's number in my phone considering I order food from there at least twice a week...
no la suya
What do you do when someone stops loving you? Well, you cry a little and then you wait for the sun to come out. It always does.
Who is staying in South Florida for Thanksgiving? We'd love to hear about your plans around the area!
Thanks for the follow! Have a great New Year!
thanks for checking it out -- we are having great fun playing together....
so when are we going to
CANT wait until i get my hard copy of PF: RR tomorrow !!!!
Thanks to & for a great #sbchat - disappointed haven't been avail to participate lately...still read-up. Thanks guys!
Yoou never really can fix a heart ....
Congrats to the newest pitcher Guillermo Moscoso! Looking forward to seeing you against LA, SD, and of course the Nats!
Breaking News: George Zimmerman's lawyer is about to go LIVE with a press conference. LIVE feed from CNN Mobile App.
That is where a ps2 game tester would come in to solve problems
I'M DOING FINE THANKS 4 ASKIN, except this girl is really annoying... If you know what I'm talking about
My love of football and the Chargers started with Junior Seau. Legendary S. Californian, LB and sack celebrator! Tragic end to his life.
Did you like it in Spanish? ;)
TURKEY DRAG!!! WHO IS READY FOR THIS WEEKEND! ALREADY GOING DOWN,GETTING PUMPED UP!!
Any chance you will be open by Sunday? Will be passing through right at lunch. Can't miss a BBP burger & shake op!
why did it have to be snakes?!
Taco tuesday???? Anyone down
yo why are we looking so good here?
KLUSOZ WILL BE IN CRUNK MODE ONCE AGAIN TONIGHT!!! GET THERE EARLY TO GET THOSE $3 DRINKS!!! WE LIKE TO PARTY!!!
yeah! call me w time + place
O what color?
iPhone changed "affect" to "AFC."
Best feeling ever: having makeup that matches my skin perfectly. Except now I'm not allowed to get paler, I'm already MAC's lightest shade..
thanks, Chrissy! I'll look at them online.
Great improvements on deck for #gbif; will soon no longer be limited to harvesting just 27 fields of DwC! Awesome.
i've fallen somehow, feet off the ground.
12 hour shift. Exhausted. Home for now, then out to visit a good friend that I've missed since she left.
Blake Griffin, you make me believe I can fly. Take me to #LobCity!
I may have gawked at Rooney Mara and Charlize Theron a little too much tonight...and Larry David in a non-sexual way.
Wishing I could get tickets to Austin's NYC Concert & Meet him.. But .., I live in Florida -__- -Ally
Hey great idea. Adding #fulbright social media brain trust to the discussion and
Be sure to join us and OISS this Wednesday for another international coffee afternoon! Treats from around the world
Nothing like late night Jack in the Box with
time to fess up
People just called my best friend #jordan an m&m
what should I do when NextBus says it's going one place and the bus says something different? This happens regularly on the D lines.
thanks pal!!! also follow - they're THE place for hip hop and news!!
Does the guy know the temp? (I'm planning to wear a shorty cuz it helps me float!)
Playing catch phrase down santa Monica blvd!
I cannot wait for freshman year to be over.
Thanks for the RT!
You know you're ghetto when you wash paper plates
I love how even though Austin didn't have a lot of time he still did an Austream for us:)<3
Everytime I see people talk about EDC, especially people I haven't seen in a while, I get hella excited. What a fuckin reunion it will be :)
And Cotton Eye Joe guy once again gets the loudest reception of the night from the CONSOL Energy Center faithful.
What's the plan?! You guys have anything wild and crazy going on tonight or tomorrow?! I'm fired up!!
needs a .net apps developer - Central NJ and front-end java developers and web developers in NYC.
Back at the #140Cuse Conference about to hear from
you better watch out is quoting your tweets in church #tweettweet <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00B1><U+26EA>
Book discussion on "Enrique's Journey" TONIGHT at College Library, Room 1193, from 7-8pm. Stop by before Sonia Nazario's visit on 10/27.
- Not again! Why don't you just get your own network like Oprah?
While we're on the subject, how about we alleviate the federal court system crisis with some Judicial appointments?
watching without a trace... kendall schmidt is a guest star and it is the best episode i have seen...well, the only episode i've seen :)
Depends on the position, but it usually takes me a couple of hours to a day. I try to keep my resume up-to-date, though.
Rainy day in the northeast, perfect to spend in the lab formulating....new products soon so stay tune!
I think the Jason Kidd/Terry eras will conclude in #Dallas after #OKC wins Game 4 and completes the sweep. #Mavs need new blood
I mean, its a space shuttle launching space marines to have a laser gun fight in space. AWESOME.
Good Morning. :)
We will make your pants feel weird.
FREE HUG!! You've just been cyber-hugged! Pay it forward!!
Thank you. Last regular season home series. Hard to believe!
Thanks for the Tweet!!!
Secretly....I'm done working for the day!
#20ThingsAboutMe; 16. Favorite color is Purple.
30 minutes away from at 5! Join &
These idiots at that hotel, how the hell you not gon see what I see on your own damn site
I have 17 followers and I'm currently following 179 people...is that sad?
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008C> told you lmfao we need each other for strength! Who else could understand us!
Plays like that are why people say the NFL is rigged.
Just noticed I sent out a talk announcement last week dated May 20. I think that makes it clear I've had enough of this semester already.
I ain't goin home tonight
Agreed! Travel safe R! Best wishes to you in your new city!
lol good :P
Loading! Please wait
I'm so bored . I actually have to do my work today ;/
everything's gonna be alright <3
Can't ever remember a worse Monday night game than last night's!
Cus I'm inlovee love story
this nigga having a fight party. I don't even think I was invited lol
I got a 69 on the chem test....
Day 2 at the Heckerling Institute on Estate Planning. Great lectures on what we might expect in 2013 and beyond.
but now am back again and following. the end.
We are so excited for this year's Alphabet Affair! Tell us about your "N" costume ideas!
WHERE HAVE YOU BEEN ALL MY LIFE?
Just ordered my "Keeping it Clean" #Braun shirt from . Looking forward to wearing it Opening Day!
“: Don't take it personally; I unfollowed your blog because it's awful, not because you're awful.” so true...
I need a follow from an EPL Legend!
IKR love u too
if anyone needs a smog check up do not hesitate to give us a call at (951) 247-0557 we are glad to help out
thx for Rollin in. I think you all missed last night. He's such a slacker :)
what show?!?
New Music IDs are ready to roll on
Jerome finally made his way up here to c Jake
I need days of doin NOTHING, Peace & quiet. Many writers need that quiet alone time. Hung wt an author once & we rarely spoke, jus chilled.
5k in approx. 35 min. 3 supplies collected. Two zombie hoards outrun.
IM SO EXCITED!!!
The AT&T U-Verse labels are all messed up for NBA League Pass tonight. Glad I finally found #NOatNY. These Hornets jerseys are sweet!
I signed up for PSSC's Kickball League. I will be able to use my high school soccer skills more effectively than I could in dodgeball.
Wow! You'll be able to move all your family possessions in a Kia. I'm calling you, when I need to consolidate.
i no, i was talking bout this muslum guy next to me....
#oomff mom always call me her son in law lol even tho we never dated
Death Row is possibly in the motherfuckin house!!!
>>> Thunder is scarin' my puppy.(:
My 3 y/o tells me the jack-in-the-box won't work when I try it. Why? "I put a password on it." Brave new world.
A lot of baby boomers are baby bongers.
THIS PLACE ABOUT TO BLOW.
Free from stress, free from peer pressure&bullies! Great point! RT : <U+22F0><U+0489><U+2600><U+0489><U+22F0>Freedom: Free Teens Know How to Make Good Choices
I stopped listening to mainstream media. The truth isn't there. You have to go out of country or alternative media to get the real info
hehe. yeah, never know what cats will say. I think this stuff is really fun, so sometimes I get a little excited :)
So I'm in the car wid my big brutha and my chest is moving with bass in his car !
thanks for the lecture, super fascinating stuff. the next #miku show i'm there.
": Sex aint better than Love" hell yea girl!! Sex is love ;-)
It looks fantastic! Well done. The Who search tool is a great addition.
I neef to get a new phone
show me where I claimed to be a Grammy winner? Mine says nominee, and I have the paperwork to prove it.
perhaps there's a corresponding Naturalist position. ;-)
"Look, haircuts for only $5.95!" "Yeah, they probably only have Mexican looking haircuts."
Congratulations to the #Cinequest folks for another great festival.
I am not a huge fan of him but he did good. Juliet killed it though.
I won't Brooke because I could care less lol I'll turn in the final draft and get a decent score and take my C lol
Will Smith - Summertime
Too hot for a swimsuit even!
thanks for the follow. Music is life.
Thank you for the mentions and RTs! Grateful for your ongoing support!
Prevent and reduce age spots by using a lotion containing grape-seed extract or vitamins C and E. Any other suggestions?
we did. Missed our west coast fam tho... Maybe next year well b out there?
Extra innings on the way as Navarro and San Jacinto are tied at 6
I can't believe you guys switched to Pepsi!
i dont have to reveal my body parts to be liked,i believe that in order to see my goods u better do something 2 deserve it.
I love what I do being on set and making magic.
I can't wait to see you at warped tour <U+2665>
No wonder vets are suffering all they do is sit on their ass and do nothing.
Back in MKE man does it feel good? nothing can beat the age old Flannery's
no its not lol
always liked Doug West from my days in St. Cloud.
no prob :D
You're a #faggot if you're awake and not texting me
Happy Birthday Dog!! Have a great day! I love my Panda Daddy and want him to know how sorry I am. I love you forever!!
Chris Paul knocks down his first FG. It only takes one shot to get you going.
thanks girl! Sexy sexy in ur avi hunh? Lol when r we partying again?
you are #1 4 more winners...reply with #3528Chestnut to win $5 YOURS gift certificate
Talking developmental ed in the land of Tebow - Sante Fe College in Gainesville, FL
Neato! I myself don't play it but certain other members of the crew love it. Our XBL gamertag is NewBtv. See ya on there!
you ever get sick of being a tool or does it just come naturally for you?
Happy birthday !!!
RT : Any1 in ATL ever been hit by a car bike riding or driving & hit a biker? Should we share the Rd?
bob rathburn an dominique commentary has noticable added playoff intensity. Its tight that fox airs local an they get to do a playoff game.
There is no God!
Second prize is who won a 1 hour Swedish massage! Congrats!
My dad's response when asked his ideal job: "Monkey trainer. Or cage fighter."
My bestfriend is taking care of me because I dont feel good <3
Just when I'm expecting word on my Pulitzer for fiction, Gmail goes down...
Playin xbox with Chase's dumb ass and cody
#Dancing4thecure Just in! One of the top choreographers from LA Mr. Brandon Henschel will be teaching for "Dancing 4the Cure" on Sat Oct16th
Are you referring to the Cielo Vista South ES? It will open in 2014. Boundaries are approved the year before a school opens.
we cannot wait for this event and are thankful to be part of it! See you on May 5th! Mamas Network scores!!!!!
Pagonis-ed. Totally random incursion!
Oh, I would love that! Alison Perkins and Heather could compare notes.
Trader Joe's! 8th & Color. 10 mins from my office at the old Annie's location. & across the street from my favorite lunch spot, Swing Thai.
Today it' s my BIRTHDAY please follow me !!! Please MAHOMIES help me to follow me !! #mahomieforlife 19
Editing in the airport lol. Hey inspiration comes at the weirdest times.
#scms12 Doane: a. garde's pursuit of innovation brings it dangerously close to the logic of capital
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: It's literally a crime in Texas to suspect child abuse or neglect and NOT call Child Protective Services.
Im not gonna date any more guys until I graduate Highschool. They're stupid
The real question is which do you think is better?
FACT: the new iPhone will contain a REAL human eye.
Only God can judge though, its just my opinion..
I didn't win a dime haha and I was pretty toast but it was too hot and I wasn't gonna pay $8 a beer once inside the track
one of the best chef's in the country!
Getting ready for Vocal session with Vanelis.
Hi Sandi! We launch a new website soon and invite you to join it as well if you want! ;)
RT : Who is ready for a great tasting this Sat! Kettle One Vodka! Come by from 3-6 pm
Look for counter-attacks from al-Qaeda factions. They'll want to show they're still a force and bin-Laden will attain heroic martyr status.
What would you like to see happen in Game Night Season 3?
WTF happened to Firefox? It's getting worse with each release. Full of quirky behaviors. Does it want to be the new IE6?
Headed to Brews & Bites in Who's comin!?
Back to discipline! Move more, eat less.
I am going to try this....
lets go austin dillion, elliott sadler, danica patrick i don't mind tony stewart but he can push austin or sadler to win :) 6 win is enough
Yea, they really didn't plan that at all did they? I ran the WarriorDash a couple yrs ago. Tons of fun. Muddy Buddy this yr! :)
nuffin. Sup wit u?
I almost got 400 followers, but i am follwing 1023 people,? thats ok i suppose?
RT : "If you want to improve how you manage time - stop doing what doesn't need to be done!" Peter Drucker
This week, Lawrence Berry the homeless artist, became the first graduate of the Homeless Coach program!
What's going on San Francisco? Good to be back.
Lazy morning, then heading up to #dmac2010! Wish the sun were shining; maybe it will be in cbus...
NBC is giving that Child Murderer Casey Anthony more money again, why is this Network keep doing this?, so NBC supports Child Murderers now?
#1DVDforme because its the ONE THING I need! <3 :)
It's funny, we have a title for our second album (the one about the Civil War we're writing now) but no title yet for the first album!
City Paper Tweet up- learning what a tweet up is.
Omg how I miss you all who tweeted me before : '[
ma'am!
the dance fight we had in those dudes' garage at that party that one time was some next level shit, dude.
Killing educational programs will not fix pa's budget: Please call 1866 346 7655. Select option 4 and then hit #. My job depends on it.
Photoshop Tip: Cycle between tool variations by using shift+selector key, e.g. shift+m will move between a circle and square selector tools
Watching Clash of the Titans and all I hear from Hades(Ralph Fiennes) is Voldemort!
barbosa is taking over!
you drunk bastard
(2/2) Also, if JavaScript were a man and not an inanimate programming language, it'd be getting a swift kick to the groin right now.
I suppose I have to shut down my Internet until after 30 Rock airs on the west coast. Dirtbags.
mhmmmm...excuses excuses ;)
i think you do.
Sweet lady would you be my sweet love for a lifetime
Awesome, you're entered to win!
Go go power rangers
Finished rhinestoning some costumes....Allegro's summer tour is going to be bright!
So True. It's hard to take a "heated Twitter debate" seriously when both sides are probably in their underwear.
United, American match Delta fare hike - Chicago Tribune
It doesn't matter if you try and try and try again, and fail. It does matter if you try and fail, and fail to try again. - Charles Kettering
You are going to do great, just think of it as one step closer to being able to work out again.
what snacks are we lookin at on the boat?
Listening to 11:11 I LOVE IT SO MUCH IM A BIG FLUFFIN MAHOMIE!!!
RETWEET: If You Miss Somebody In HEAVEN <3” ( R.I.P to the ones that was Lost)
1st Table Read tomorrow!!! Yes, the ball has started rolling!!!
the girls in this town need major reality checks.
I'm a little delayed, but I was impressed with the roar of the crowd when Davis came to the plate.
Geez these whistles are crazy
probably should try Apple, but I doubt they would consider this...
We feel fortunate 2 have such a gr8 leader and hopeless optimist as part of our #MKESucceeds partnership!
Thank you 4 compliment re: #Beertown nom at HHA. Stay tuned 2 ur email in next day or w 4 news about its future.
Unpacking and finding so many iphone cases but no iphone
On the Digital Divide: People tout free ebook access (no overdue fees, etc.) - what about the tech needed to read them?
Jeremiah 7:6-7 "if you do not oppress the alien, the fatherless or the widow...then I will let you live in this place,...for ever and ever."
Have I really been watching something called "The Greek Program" on Boston local access for 30 minutes?
don't sweat it Corey's got you
#AmericanIdol fans--who is teaching you English? _____ should have GONE home, not "went" home. Each Idol exit will hurt from now on.
Rum punch-mount gay rum-grilled fish rice and peas and grilled white sweet potato....my parents rubbing it in live from Barbados! Ughh!
PIZZA for the whole office!!!
Doing good Chris - thanks for the follow!
On my way to #qportland. Yay for being an intern.
I wanna go to Neon Desert
Stats final, I got thiss. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0081>
Nothing against Chris, because I do Like the young man. But really? BEST R&B ALBUM??? R&b? As in rhythm and blues???
Dead reckoning is not beyond human capacity. Pay attention.
yeah ok lol... U must wanna be on punishment... No cartoons
#therles on this beach, surfs up!
my professor uploaded his lecture at 32kbps. I can't understand a word.
o wow sryy i didnt see where u put russia lol :)
Just listening to Bieber's new jam Boyfriend....woot woot.
Ideas come and go, but those that you hold on to are the ones that become successfull
Do they still do Legs and Eggs at The Foxy Lady?
audition time again today!!
really 3 of 5 that's amazing
sweet! good luck with the launch!
The best damn thing: Love you.
It's Thursday but then again... It's only Thursday...
DAMN YOU GROUP PROJECTS!!!<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
I hate purple, that's all. I guess it will depend on the cut. I am liking the thought of silver!
Yanking Leno from 10 PM will be the best stimulus investment package for Hollywood this year - will put a lot of people back to work.
Today's tip: if you're going to make coffee, be sure to load the machine with grounds. Otherwise, it may be a little weak...
Niggas is boring texters now in days.
Its the fuckn weekend finally but man i wish i was in Georgia right now <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Just can across your blog and twitter. You are obviously full of energy. Have you downloaded the free GolfWashington app yet?
Nobody wants you, everyone left You. They're all out without you, having fun.
Why are so many people insistent to know who we are? Doesn't that take the fun out of it?
where you hanging out at tonight bro? Huge UK fan! Would love to get my son an autograph.
I want a Boyfriend that spoils me with out me even asking for somet
Im ready for my daily dose of sunchips HOLLA.
and jitt!? you the jitt im older than you!
The things I hear at the shop while getting my hair done are a trip.....
Simpler times: When movies had a talking dog named Falkor, a rock-eater, a racing snail, and a hot-ass child-like-princess
Perfect pairing RT : PAIN 100% Bottle looks like a flask and I'm a hot sauceholic. Coincidence?
I know people were mad. The rules need to explicitly state "spayed or neutered" if that's required.
Feels good to be alive!
This Woman Will Be The Next CEO Of IBM (IBM) via
Thanks for the follow Bros!
I love history<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0087><U+00BA><f0><U+009F><U+0087><U+00B8>
#5. no. i never will
well it is pretty much the best soup and soup is also my favorite food.
thanks for everything Kevin!
Cher has accepted Chaz Bono's transsexual status - but what about his weight problem?
Old lady lol
I got passing tests out the wazoo. Talk about feedback. Forget you , gives me the feedback I crave :)
Thank you Tyra! You're an amazing #teamtallgirl. Love you!
How the fuck can anyone stand watching the red carpet? I think America has officially ran out of problems when we glorify rich fucks.
Great job Ray. Not putting up with Bee-Rad's crap any longer.
Hey Coach, sadly won't make class today :( Got a ton of dental work and now I can't eat = zero energy to exercise. So frustrating!
*leaves room, going down to kitchen. Pulling sweater tight around me. * hello? Is.....anyone here?
Do you really see yourself...I mean REALLY see yourself. When is the last time you had an epiphany about WHY you are who you are?
MT : Just saw the space shuttle Discovery fly by! I love #DC!!
That is awesome!! Babies are great but a lot of work too :-) I have two boys... They are freakin crazy!
....it's not easy when U R not 'geographically accessible' I will keep on, I know it can b done.
glad I'm the person people decide to drunk text. we have the best conversations lol
Soundscape of #dml2012: waves of keystrokes structured by tweet deck chirps, punctuated by iPhone morse code text alarms.
is the Incredible Hulk of the Archives Justice League
Put ur thumb in ur butt now.....and stop texting .....ur weird i dont even know u....
Stream with us! We are the REAL mobile streaming providers! No other company can deliver in 1-step! Contact us to learn the FACTS!
hey Auntie how your day been?? I have a important question can you DM me pretty please :)
Spoiled rotten with a/c all summer. Visiting family without. Makes even grading a sweaty mess...
Feeling incredibly overjoyed at this new buzz cut. A shaved head is a happy head.
I understand times are hard which is why I decided to include special prices for College Students for Virus Removal, Data Recovery,...
Looking 4 sign wavers 4 a promo in North Highlands, CA (just 10 miles north of Sacramento) on March 5th-6th. Contact .
lol scream isn't suppose to be scary, it's suppose to be Funny :)
oh, wow... That's gorgeous.
I like to chase after my women (<U+0CA0>_<U+0CA0>) lmao
Anyone have an Avant Guild login over at Media Bistro? Mine expired and there's an article I'd like to read.
i meant more like i dont understand why he could have ever had a diffrent opinion (or how anyone could)
Am I a robot? Yes, affirmative. 0111001001101111011000100110111100100000011000100110111101101111011001110110100101100101
I voted
We know the feeling all too well... Immediately after waking up I was ready for a nap. Glad you had fun. Thanks for making it out!
“: I've been everywhere looking for someone.” same here
Scotland Is Trying To Raise $80 Million To Stop A Famous Painting From Being Sold Abroad via
Tweet damnit...tweet!
Fondly remembering Super Bowl XLII today. Hey remember when tried to riot when the Pats lost?
Your so mean to me :'( I hate that!!! We can never talk cuz you have to say something that hurts me! :( </3
dude, that Anthony Evans can saaaaannnng! Wow, thanks for the knowledge!
Thanks for the love!
Outside Exeunt towers the bailiffs circle like sharks, while N scrawls the slogan “graduate sans futures” onto a value tin of tuna.
FYI - Summerfest is 67 days away.
- thanks so much for following!
“: #Homeopathy does not need science.” - That makes no sense..
hi niall! how are you? i bought up all night and i'm loving it so much :) xx
I'll make suggestions but - what do you usually keep in the fridge?
Louis Vermeil~ The prime purpose of eloquence is to keep other people from talking.
Just got an instant upgrade to the VIP suite at Big Dance
Fuck you Carissa. I sweat balls on your bed.
i mean i thought you asked me if i was high and i was like wtf why would a random person ask me that haha its fine dont trip
#ThingsBetterThanKevinGregg Gary Williams' recruiting classes
Welcome Dr. Kanyoro. We are thrilled to have your leadership in Women's Funds!
We'll be adding a download to Kindle, iPod and phone feature to ReadPrint.com soon. Until then the online library's open :)
Cool, have fun!
aww i miss talking to you too!
Those flavors make me think of something else, aww. :D LOL! : m making me think of ice cream with those flavors
Gonna watch a scary movie with and
Yep, trash can with a lid. If you fold up the diaper within itself &velcro it up tight, it won't be too vile.
Hate stuck up people, everyone's equal. Get the fuck over yourself's.
When you're not working, let go of your work completely and enjoy your personal time.
Honestly. I'm glad the Rock won.
Officially submitted the first Zimbo Film "The Little White Bird" to the Four Walls Film Festival presentation of Women in Shorts in LA.
omg thats so sad follow? reply?
Bahaha. Oh you have a new handle. Me gusta. Slash I always picture Snow White now. Lol
The only "B" word a woman should be called, is beautiful. Bitches love being called beautiful.
I love That Song <U+266B><U+2764>
*ice* Or a side of OJ. Maybe some cran. Depends what night of the week it is! <cirocpeach>
Ping me if you want some reviews :)
Now you're just somebody that I used to know <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A7><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A4>
big good luck cheers!!!
Stop by The Echo before the #Badgers vs. #Hoosiers game at the Kohl Center. We have $.75 off of all drinks til 8 & $1 tacos for you tonight!
#ogw Need convo here on standardized data structures across jurisdictations, a la Google transit.
I won't disagree with you, but I believe most people are judging it as a cinematic masterpiece. Give them 2 votes, then what?
Just getting on the sticks now. 2nd set coming up! Hour of #drinkspecials left #herbiehancock #watermelonman coming up too!
#politicsnation is mnsbc off the air?
aint heard from u in a while
Hear what OR labor comissioner running for congress Brad Avakian is saying about paying taxes way late. what it may mean for his run. At 6.
Thanks and for following!
I haven't gone on mw3 yet today
. Rudy doesn't know that Rudy isn't the Mayor anymore.
Thankful the Temps can sing; their costumes are an assault to the eyes. Yuk.
I'm shocked--the Bush-era generals Obama decided to keep around for 3 years don't want to end the war. Perhaps that has been the problem.
Ya'll boys keep grindin'! Hit me up for the collabo!
it looks like is obsessed with you! You ever see the movie "The Crush"? Ca-razy
All the time.my moms like.oh this has less calories.oh thats some exercise.STUPID BITCH I DONT FUCKING CARE SHUT UP.
Though you said I could be your answer, nothing lasts forever,no matter how it feels today
WELL YOU ARE A SEXUAL....DUH
Just took out my keys to swipe at the metrocard turnstile.
MT : Year of the (Young) Woman: How a generational shift in feminism is setting the agenda for American women...
yuh mad bro?
please follow she is a belieber!!! and is super nice!!! <3
gotta look with your eyes life seems fine but look twice its a LIE what happened life isn't the same... My opinion :'(
Wondering what today a bring
Girls Scouts celebrate 100 years of sisterhood
Kathy Nickolaus has to figure out how many votes she needs before she reports Waukesha County numbers
What's that old Dr. Seuss saying? "Because those who mind don't matter, and those who matter don't mind"?
Excited to try and win some Opening Day tickets this afternoon from
I cannot give you the formula for success, but I can give you the formula for failure: which is: Try to please everybody
well in the mood to workout, so ya.
My old garage band had a song called "Signal 30."
OMG I tried befor didnt work, but its not like I dont like her song. so.
TY! have a joyful weekend! :)
i'll take them
It's so nice! My rooms covered with posters of you(;
arugula salad with avocado
i just spit water all over my screen Kathy hahaha xxo
Thanks Rob - Sounds cool! :) Pls email us at and let's chat if you're interested in getting involved!
Ha! I'm actually going to WS ES at 7am now. I'll swing by Everyday after. Will you guys have Flaming Lips, Gorillaz or DFA79?
Justice for MJ.. The family and fans have been waiting for this for a long time. Conrad you are going to pay for the pain you have caused.
Oh it's on now Mike! SI wont give up the mayorship of my local Pho place without a fight till the death ;)
#foursquare As I've seen it used, mostly 2), but could be 1) if done right and 3) if really overdone
I'm in BEAST MODE this morning (as are the Brewers and Packers)!
ha,ha...MuchoImportamte indeed"
Have a great weekend.And Happy Mothers Day to all moms.
No, it doesn't. It's funny that they are both out at the same time.
#MarryTheNight on the radio as i tweet :D
I wish I could have your hair!
you're pretty awesome yourself man
s/o to all my new followers, i fucks with yall.support this #TeamTGuy movement and rock witcha boy!
Happy Monday! How are you all? Did you fit #SUBWAY in to your weekend at all?
Don't hold your breath. 'Cause tonight will be the night that I will fall for you, over again.
Really intrigued by lazy consensus post. Thinking about it for practice and also development of projects here at BGC
wow really? i defended u at skol so u shud follow me that is so stupid :P
would love to speak with you about potential features via our networks. email me at
What is everyone up to today?
fuck ya both
...why don't cable companies make better ad campaigns...
the best part about retweeting me are all the people that start talking shit to me, hahaha.
Protect your happiness. Protect your peace. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><U+270C>
storm king/mockingbird/lady beast at the rockroom in polish hill right now.
Lady Gaga has outdone herself YET AGAIN with the "Telephone" video!!! OMG it's incredible!!!
TOMORROW! Lots to be done between now and then.
no guilt, whatsoever!
Had fun on my birthday yesterday
please follow me cathy!<33
#LookAtMeNow oh Look at me now Im getting paper.(:
Want better quality answers? Then ask better quality questions!
99% Invisible for sure
Who? RT : Quell and her aunt too geeked up over here lol
Adam I miss you too!
Amazing Lutyens interiors at Marshcourt given new life by !
Leadership is about relationships - your relationship with yourself, and learning to move forward in a conscious relationship with others.
Wow the Ravens were pounded!
I forgot he follows me on twitter now blahahaha
you don't got ta lie
hope so! We should talk soon!
What the fuck is YOLO!? And can I smoke it?
Doing a meet after not running for a week is torture
Finally have an Avid gig. It's a night AE job, but it'll give me a chance to brush up on media composer.
Thanks for following, Brian.
Top Christmas tree producers are California, Oregon, Michigan, Washington, Wisconsin, Pennsylvania and North Carolina.
Exit Twitter, close laptop, get into bed, unlock phone, check Twitter
we live in an equal society so yes. And that does'nt mean just in the bedroom either.
must be nice!!
Jason Yurcic-- slam is starting to be coopted by capitalism and thus watered down, taken away from the "back alley warrior,
I hope people will have kindness in their heart and come out to see us wed. The 22nd at Comet Tavern. It's our first show with new drummer!
Crawford and Mike Smith are putting on a goaltending clinic.
May the forces of evil become confused on the way to your house. - George Carlin
Going to a hokey game tomorrow :)
Education spending should be the LAST thing on the cutting block. Churches are afraid of schools stealing their community power.
I think about you and roll my eyes.
I tried posting a review a day ago...I will put one up though. Look forward to reading more of your work...
ANHC Pro meet with a tax expert on Aug 29 to discuss salon, stylist, and barber tax issues. What tax questions or issues do you have?
Good morning Los Angeles:)
it is! He is well fed and oh so sleepy :) xoxo
Thanks! Yeah, I can't sleep without a fan when it's this hot
#FF Thanks for the
Finally sat down to read your "Taking chances." Lovely!
K CUTE
<U+200E>30% OFF OF CLASSES WITH A FREE 18 FOUNDATION PALLET AND 8 PIECE BLUSH SET! PLEASE CONTACT THE STUDIO AT 248-477-5548
We are one world. And our home, is Earth. Get it through your thick skull.
may have the best man cave I have ever seen. Six TV's? Well played sir.
The first sight I see as I walk onto the backside...a horse having its ”loins” washed. It truly is their world here.
Nice...why not 700?
Another VOLLEYBALL GAME on saturday!!! Yay ! ! ! :)
Wish me luck. This coming week is going to be a real challenge
Mindstate of a winner
#Oomf So Called Wants To Mess With Me But Never Calls Me
The amazing thing about working in staffing is knowing that every move you make is for the good of someone else's career.
Tomorrow is the big day. We're super excited so many of you are coming. It's looking like a great day! See you at
I'm sick of the universe telling me what to do! Yes, I asked for a sign on what to do, but 3 signs in the last 2 days? What??
Crack!! Or, they may as well be. Those, and Pringles.
Lunchtime..chatting w/3 diff ppl. Thank God I can type fast. Prob is..one of them is Japanese..can't translate that fast
BAHAHA! RT In 13 States, Trump and Romney shaking hands breaks sodomy laws. You know, where pricks can't touch assholes.
Be optimistic. Have faith & trust in God, & speak positive things over your life. Confess your success and God will bless you...
What EE version?
Way better. I know time is the ultimate leveling field. But god damn - shit is amazing. People are amazing. And I get to know that.
I hope so, since I am a Dallas Fan..lol
Did I really fuck up by not getting the foams? Def had a chance to cop for retail.. Passed.. Should u shoot myself ?
Knock Knock. Who's there! Boo! Boo who? Just Boo! I'm a ghost!
of course. cuz no one cares.
you will love Adam in Florida's new not thriller novel "Python" by Carina Nolan only 7.89 Amazon
thank you for helping to #EndChildSexualAbuse! You're a true leader!
I admit that the exchange made me feel silly about being frustrated about so many little things. Thank you wise NYC sidewalk dancer!
Great topic choice! Even technologists don't understand the value of
oh it means I whore myself out to do infosec work - too scrawny for that full contact stuff.
Disappointed with my Heritage box, only 1 refractor, 1 jersey (Zimmerman) and only 3 Brewers cards!! Nice looking set though
one ? asked for what kind of content, I suggested livestreams, maybe interviews on vimeo (a la #caasoton)
I am playing WWE '12, I completely forgot how addicting those games can be!
Here's to the week ahead everyone!! Lots to get done!!
Watching the original #Frankenstein with my daughter. Gotta love October!
Integrating is such a pleasure.
This was a frustrating day for me.
On a positive note - we pulled the trigger and booked our trip. We're going to #Disney World!
rawwrrrrr...you have no idea!!!
F YOU TOO !
#Kevenge fever sweeping America. Talked about it in the clinic today.
*TANNING SPECIALS TODAY* Buy 5 INSTANT TANS for $69 or 10 for $125! Buy a 5-pack of UV-TANS and get 2 FREE! ALL MEMBERSHIPS on sale too!
Want to know how to build a relationship with your Member of Congress? Join for "Advocacy 101" going on now.
I Am What I Am and that is being a Belieber, Directioner, Selenator, Lovatic, Mahomie, and Walien. Forever and Always <3
Thank You So Much Love<3 And When The yAre On the Showe We Know We Made It Possible<3
Damn that instantly put me in a bad mood.
That WISC-IV story made me laugh aloud! Hilarious!
My baby knocked out beside me sleeping beauty .....
Hi Miss ya!
Awesome night at #Badgers season-ending party. Great to see all the supporters and hear from Matt Lepay, Coach Ryan, Jordan Taylor, etc.
thank you. Had a big day for us yesterday thanks to it.
lets go #Yankees! So proud to be a Yankees fan!
did a fret say her team aguh lose
Because Les Mis is one of my favorite things ever and a it's a movie now. One day I'll post videos of me *in* Les Mis. Yikes!
: The one on the left is an SG. What about the one on the right?
One thing I really hate is people being fake!
immediately : How soon after a good date should you ask for another one?
Got to skip this morning and go to breakfast with my daddy. <3
So depressing looking outside and not seeing the sun. BLAh
I would be curious to see Lyon's quote/citation from Burke about this alleged end game. Will ask her about that at dinner.
Our Dermalogica AgeSmart facial treatment is half off until March! Visit our salon & get glowing!
that may call for a spotify playlist...
#AskRomney Does anybody call you by your real first name - Willard? Would you answer if they did?
And Pedro were together.. Quit talking about me I'm done with this but u can keep tweeting about me all night I won't lose any sleep
New hats are in!!! Feels good to have so many new designs!
Call me Imelda! No longer need to rely on wife's DSW coupons. They are sending me my own!
hooray for un-requested paper extension! My Wednesday night was just un-ruined!
Crazy tech.
Been up for more than 24 hrs, I need a bed, any bed, preferably a woman's.
Desperate Housewives is over. It's really over omg :'( I just wanted them all to live there forever okay
Not all scars show. Not all wounds heal. Sometimes, you can't always see the pain someone feels.
That's the spirit! All of the spring and summer styles are so wonderful we just can't wait to wear them!
Ooh, and nice icon ^-^ applejacks stays for me.... :)
That was awesome
you should check out ? At the very least watch their “commercial”, made by the indomitable, though lonely, Sandwich.
Wow, that was embarrassing. Our sign-up page was down for the last 18 hours. If you tried to sign up and it failed, try again! dev
A Malaysian woman saved her husband from being MAULED by a tiger by beating it with a soup SPOON
Finished my Color Theory Class! Final grade is a B+! #BANG!
The world can't end tomorrow. I don't want the world to end! The articles make it looks so real. I hope it's not real.
nun coolin it waiting on some action
Captain America slinged the hell outta that shield!!!
Well the cubs won but Wrigley was really cool. Time for Rammstein!
Bracckin HaLf whats wrong with Nick ??
hii Help me with getting closer to 800 followers?
We picked a pretty great #Brewers game for our first of the season!
snowmaggedon? i love it when nature puts a bitchslap on humans and modern living...who's the El Jeffe???
I kept waiting for a hula version of Bad Romance, but alas, it never came.
love ya buddy. if we dont die in this zombie apocalypse, i hope to see ya again soon! xo
NAME THE LYRICS: if Kurupt gave a fuck about a bitch I'd always be broke I'd never have no motherfuckin indo to smoke
Never criticize each other in front of your kids. Kiss and hug instead. They might say its disgusting. Ignore it.
Aight good luck...hit me later RT : Ok. 2 hour nap. Adderall. Study. Exam.
Thanks Beth, we agree, if you make it, you know what is in it
Preparing for a show. So many things to remember. Anything I may have forgotten? Anyone have a list? I would love to compare. Thanks:)
Ah...Finally the rainy season in Florida has begun. Apparently my plants need water to survive.
Today is the last day to tell us how #ABQuirky you are! Just Tweet and #ABQuirky for a chance to win a $100 Visa Gift Card!
Glad they slowed down for a minute! : If the presses ever stop running we'll see you there!
Spending this sunday with family n people that luv me n glad to be feeling better this is new for me but God has a plan have a blessed day
no need to responsibility in me I'm ok. Do what you want to do! No one forced you!
everyone in the class has said that. Lol.
Who & what do you want to become? We leave a legacy every day of our lives, not just when we die. Are you taking the actions, everyday?
haha but don't u think he wud tell u if he was mad at us?
they are gunna be yours, deadass best looking fucking kids ...because of me
My coach told me he doesn't eat pizza. Something's definitely wrong with him
AH CANT WAIT TILL SATURDAY!!! <3
Met Director Tim Cambell is in L.A. doing a TED Talk.
That's what everyone is reporting. Gunshot to the chest.
Shoutout To My Wonderful New Followers -
Feeling is mutual.. I can't believe I am not able to come to BlogHer :( For once in a lifetime I wish I had a sponsor :)
Omg ! In summer I will got the new ipad 3 !! Yaaay :D
hey did you add any new entries in your seduction blog yet?
I Tebow before meals and bedtime, and even on Sundays. Especially on Sundays.
MT : Coming soon: , a site to collect & preserve the history of #OWS & #Occupy movements. Help us build the collection!
Blizzard conditions require drastic measures...home-made chocolate chip cookies and chicken stew
S/O to >>> You cant name another group of youngins hotter than #FYB Much Love Bros
oh haha sorry
is Beautiful(:
I know! I move away and Alabama goes to shit.
I have to work til 5:30 today. Any chance you'll be open after 6pm? Or will I need to wait until next wkend?
Mark your calendars: this Saturday, October 1, Roger will sign his memoir, Life Itself, at the Newberry Library in Chicago!
Watching these backyardigans with my son that he seems to love
just went in on much respect to Stephen A handling it like a gentleman instead of a bitter entitled athlete.
true but your so beautiful I can even imagennnnn a dude going u dirty!!
know any good clip bloggers to follow for this series
What do you do when you run out of ideas?
Surprise! Is your grandma dead?
you should write a book...oh wait. You are...just make sure my chapter is en espanol
.... so im up watchin' qet rich or die tryin'
I got you =) RT : Waiting on to hit me back.
It's funny how insecure she is I can't even post a RT without her buggin out lol well anyway still grindin it out
eat a spoonful of penutbutterr!
there its iss lets goo
Happy Father's Day to all the Dad, and thank you My heavenly Father for everything you do and thank you Dear Father for your Love and Life.
DAVE 2* Davidson
i can't wait.
Can't believe it's almost 8 -__-
The football team has to go with infrared for the opener against ky at papa johns! Place would go crazy! ....gotta
It seems I only ever go to my local Walgreens to purchase cookies.
you're cool:)
First day of high school I almost was late cuz I got lost <U+E40B>
I had often fantasized about running into my ex and his wife. But in those fantasies, I was running over them with a truck - Sex and the Cit
I can't agree more! Xo
Team is excited to meet & all the other gorgeous girls!
I really enjoy your blogs, You reference Soren Baker in one.I'm trying to contact him?He did a great bio work w/ us before.
Yeah.. it's the 3 Shells app.
Dont worry when im a teacher ill do it right!
Just Got Finish Eating Some CarryOut
Bard's pitch actually just disappeared
can you check out www.youtube.come/SashMarie97 please? I'm going to post more videos soon :)
He is... sort of. Not in contention to start this year, but should get some action to learn on the job as it were.
Cold AGAIN today! Not enjoying this weather turn at all!
As we strive to improve for 2012, we would love to know how you think we can improve!
Getting my Fregosi on
... you're kidding ?
HapPy MoNdAy to everybody in the universe--let's do it again!
Stu Schweigert intercepted leads the Nighthawks to the 32.
Enjoy your weekend! RT thanks for ff!
You better be coming today. :P
i tried it on my son's iphone 4, and it did the same thing
Guna go find a Midi Keyboard today
Guess what is coming to Rochester in Jan. Every Wednesday. America's BIG GUNS of team trivia. "Geeks Who Drink!" www.geekswhodrink.com
there wasn't even a mark lmao
AND my tummy hurts from to much cake.
I wanna go to LA
You don't know how i glad i am to see you say that (x how come you're so fond of new york? :o
The "paste & go" function in Firefox is a recently discovered miracle that makes my life 10000x better.
omg alicia lol !!!!!
you totally get it :)
k that's what i thought LOL it took me an hour to find that fndskjfns
Hey I just met you and your ugly, so here my roommates number call him daily
Any DJ's out there? What are you using these days? Serato, CD's, Virtual DJ, Traktor?
We ova here viben celebrating "RR" Birthday Bash.......
your wearing your bracelet i got you!!! im glad you liked it!
People on the southport side of town took crazy pills today.
contact us at our webstore or e-mail address to get a pair of guie #handmade #fairtrade #shoes! only $65!
1/2 price sushi & drinks is still available until 6pm! See you there-
URGENT! Need a room ASAP for rent in LA in the $450-550 range, no more than 30 min from Northridge.
I'm up here now man
The way to make money is to buy when blood is running in the streets
Trying to get the real story on what happened to tiger.
August is a shitty month for art...
About to audition at
If you are in Forney take shelter right now. Tornadic activity on radar.
Just got back from 24hour fitness with mom and brothers, took the coldest shower and now getting ready to k.o. Goodnight ! (:
a true libra!
Ok I'm gonna study now. *5 hours later* Ok I'm gonna study now.
"they cant have my brand I have special eyes"..haha just came on and I thouht of u
I hear somebody made a trade in the #siriusxmfantasy hosts league involving Albert Pujols?! WHY JEFF WHY??
And we head into our THIRD 10 of 12 for "1776" at Ford's Theatre. As Congressional Custodian (Drew Eshelman) would say, "Sweet Jesus!"
read that article, too, it's a good'en
#oh alright just gonna air me on twitter? Damn cole world.
Depends on product/audience. For one client a positive spotlight on ABCWorldNews didn't yield as much sales as online promos.
MJ doesn't pay his debts!? I'm shocked someone with a hitler 'stache wouldn't be trustworthy.
Did we miss each other last week? Definitely still hope to see you in the store and say hello.
please? MT I'd love to see your pop-culture-ified version of Arya's death list, if that'd be a thing.”
Last paper of the semester has been officially submitted. WOO
AA's wife is convinced I should have stuck with american history/constitutional law & wants to speak to my mother (to agree with her)
hello, text me?
Question in paper today: 'What books would you recommend for a men's book club?' Do men & women really enjoy drastically different books?
it looks pretty awesome :) an indie film about a young couple who have a problem with ghosts. It's supposed to be super scary!
“: I will beat you mate”--> no chance mate.. USA USA USA!
Good joke by Doug Collins in his presser!
Haha I would have told Chael Sonnen to go fuck him self!
Still stuck @ DFW? Am in line at same. Might get stuck together :-) Have spare room if we do and you need
both?? And some mean green?:)
its just a hobby. That's all
Merry Christmas everybody:)
Bikini Body in 45 minutes or less. Mention this tweet and receive $15.00 off on your ultimate applicator. 713-623-0866.
Heading home from post-rowing XYZ outing, listening to Skinny Puppy on WJCU.
RT Pool is still pretty damn cold... But that's what drinks are for right? We couldn't agree more!
Listening to makes my day :-) <U+2764>
Getting ready for our childhood cancer awareness walk in September, stay tuned for details!
3300 KFC franchises in China and one being added every day. I see the governments strategy. Heart disease and obesity and fatties in China.
At The National concert. Watching people grind on each other during ''Fake Empire''...?
Had an awesome chat with about artists who are awseome tweeters such as
eminem the rapper?
I'm yours by jason mraz is so calming. <3 it.
Oprah told Lisa Ling, "Now that you know, you can't act like you don't know." Wow!
Feel great and drink coffee !Healthy coffee for $1-$1.50 a cup! www.energyconnection.organogold.com! Check this out,you wont regret it!
its what us thugs do
Lames. Can't hang around them
I was suppose to go to the history department.. but its raining hard..
I did bitch but u need to go fuck urself and leave my sexy boys alone YOYO
My head is pounding.
following you bruh.. give ya boy J Notez a follow back
So peeved that da #Bears passed on Boling from UGA to take a safety. I know our secondary needs help, but the o line is dreadful.
Vintage Veronica book launch party was at and they carried the book (hope they'll reorder it soon!)
nope, everything is fine as far as I can tell.
Today at screamtour this girl was about to vomit and she was right next to me I was soo sacred she was gonna puke on me lol
Playing in Tampa at The Orpheum tonight. Come get loose!
new parent account features r such a disappointment, pls reconsider- student+teacher+parent communication is vital!
Long Live Gritty!!!
Secret to a good Mitt Romney impression: Start with Jack Lemmon, gradually reduce charm
I get the feeling that Machop, Machoke and Machamp would be very popular with bros.
BREAKING -- Plane crash near Longmont airport
One of the best parts of #txla12 in Houston? 50% discount at Starbucks for City of Houston employees!
Not particularly surprised -- there is so much research out there! We're doing our best to push out the great science here.
OMFG STERLING KNIGHT FRPM STARSTRUK AND SONNY WITH A CHANCE IS GONNA BE AT OUR MALL HOLY CRAP!!!!!! CNT WAIT TO GO!!!
If you've used Adobe Premiere or Sony Vegas (or their consumer versions), then you know going to iMovie is a productivity-sucking disaster
do you know how long before they reopen that exit to downtown tacoma?
I'm not calling you a liar, Just don't lie to me.
where to start?! "hey, Mickey!", anything by tears for fears or Duran Duran, "just can't enough" by depechemode...
Headed MILvNYM chez Field that Bailout built- YoGa vs. Batista- get at us et al, hope to see Greinke mow tmw too, Go Brewers yadigg
Thank you! You're too sweet.
Please excuse my french but umm...
highlight of the Red Sox season is a bunch of almost dead explayers coming back to wave and shit
working in #Bangkok, #Thailand in April! Excited! Pics of Bangkok look amazing. Hotel w sick #pool, #Thai #food everywhere... AHH.
I deff already tweeted you back.
There is a season for everything, God has a purpose today for whatever season you are in in your life, and it is to prosper you.
for sure. BBM rules the world. Push email, so quick to send and write. Mine was indestructible. Loved it.
Sweet! I convinced our image migration project team to seriously consider Islandora.
Home Depot To Correct Misleading Link Request
With my tour, I got 2 free adult passes (tour/skyfari included) good for TODAY only but I'm a member. If U want them hit me up
Loved new episode of #khloeandlamar they are too cute
New Caps Catalog going to press!
Now we sip champagne when we're thirsty.
Some people bio's sound so stupid
Poor College Students...Why are you so poor?
Dropkick Murphys are @ The Brighton Music Hall tonight. Get your tix while they last.
I was truly inspired by the MJ service today...what I already knew about his life and what I learned. Thank You MJ
": Sit down, 17! I'm trying to watch the game!" AJ Ellis has the power to turn Friends into enemies
Rick Steves is here. Rick Steves is amongst us. He is here.
And then I found two dollars but really I did...
we've got ourselves another 'Wire' convert. Let's welcome to the club.
I wanna watch #workaholics :(
talking to in biology!
on the road again! so excited to play another show.
#DemonicDerek Thanks to all my followers ill follow you back!!
ugh!!! Lol he can't even create his own shot let alone have a decent jumper....plus he's undersized for a sf
I took a Social Media break (a bit too long however) - the "noise" was just getting to be too much. I am wonderful! You?
What will 2012 bring I wonder......
Congrats to Dirk & The Mavs For Doin Work Tonight. Hoops Junkies Love to See TEAMS, Beat Stars.
not seeing my name on here. Can we revise our brackets after tonight? LOL
Opprobrium will find its suitors.
thanks for the RTs! Very much appreciated!
Help keep Drew out of jail... at least for a few more months RT: I don't want to go to jail.
oh okay
...I guess that just means its time to hit the bike & treadmill.
Happy mamma's day!!!
Trying hard to break my cabit. Which means walking in the rain sans umbrella.
When you think of your fav T-shirt, what word comes to mind?
Looking for a .NET centric SOA Architect for the South Florida area.
Donna Frisby Greenwood from funds new media to make informed + engaged communities. Funded youth media in Philly schools.
You know you are old when half the people on your ipod are dead
agreed. It can be brutal! It's same as when nice people are a-holes behind the wheel...no one can "see"
EXACTLY. Oh my fucking gosh, fashion industry interns are ABUSED to the point of horror.
"Don't stop, no matter what. Don't quit, no matter why! …and I will see you on the other side of Talented & Broke!" —DJohnson T&B
Giving up isn't an option! RT If we become cynical and hopeless , the regressive forces win. They'd like nothing better.
I never thought I'd like the gym as much as I do...they have mirrors everywhere. I'm one narcissistic fuck.
If and ever made music together. Oh my god. I could die happy.
bitches they come, they go. saturday thru sunday monday, monday thru sunday yoo.
Absolutely ludicrous that Lucic got tossed tonight. In other news...how many Montreal fans have made 911 calls in the past half hour?
Just scared off some punks trying to steal a bike by yelling "hey", made me feel tough
oh well enjoy the show!
You are: My sugar rush, my cocaine bliss, my illegal high, my perfect kiss. You're an addiction that I always fail to resist.<U+2665>
Nice! Hopefully we can sweep this double header!! Im thinking we hit up a clippers next week.. they are home most of the week
is scanning drugstore ads from 1884.
Oh. Fuck it.
Thoughts on #themeforest for #wordpress? advises it's the way to go for photography. Opinions on specific #themes? Please tell.
For sure QB 1, next pk depends on whos left..I'd go best avail RB/WR. Best of luck
hey see you at the after party?
I'm still thinking about that contest I suggested yetserday... I might have it.... hm....
“: Meeting you was fate, becoming your friend was a choice, but falling in love with you was beyond my control.”
I'm more excited to see the cool secret service guys.
Im so hurt right now, im just gonna go for a long walk. Fuck this dance.
They're already attacking Romney's wife. So much for being "pro-woman"...
im crying right now, so proud of .<333 :")
To try is to risk failure, but risk must be taken because the greatest hazard in life is to risk nothing.”
It's gorgeous outside. Join us on the sunny patio this afternoon for Happy Hour!
Coffee 1st became trendy in Arabia during the 13th century.
RT : And we are live! Http://www.igniteboulder.com/live !!!
I'm thinking that my classroom incentive system will hinge on a digital currency, likely with the borrowed name "bitcoins." Thoughts?
Yay! Glad you enjoyed it!!
and are looking and SOUNDING amazing this afternoon
Some of the best lessons we ever learn we learn from our mistakes and failures. The error of the past is the wisdom of the future
im waitin door is open!
of fathers really want to see their kids &the momma is blocking...take it to court to show how serious you are
thanks for all your support, darling! you're the best. :)
I hate when I'm on the train and my phone is being slow :(
hell yeah. Androns paying for me so hit him up
Agreed! Nothing makes me dump a site like poorly written
Well, I find myself flipping between the #redwings and #grammys. Both are hard to resist tonight.
Hey i know you love us so much you know how i can tell your crepe ;)
I hate annoying people!!!!
Sometimes it's hard to accept the fact you're not made for something.
i don't even know what that means. lol
i need some new somgs on my ipod!!!! got 543 songs but bored with all of them. any suggestions??? :)
as of today has 5,000 followers; if you're not there yet and are a trainer/teacher/learner, check out their offerings
Just a reminder if you have 6 or more people and would like a FREE bottled/table at Cream Monday Night please text/call 602.348.1722.
True. But at least it wasn't embarrassing.
Spray tans are never the answer .. I'm orange and smell .
So why are you up late working you crazy musician you?
Too true ": you are the lamest person with whom I've ever came in.contact. EVER."
Oh my god, do I love Heartbreak Ridge. Haha, Clint Eastwood's amazing. "don't give the ***** the satisfaction" "REECOOON!"
Listening to Will Allen talk about fixing the worst food in cities--in schools & hospitals.
Hey did you guys take down the pictures of the posters that had been vandalized?
still only one play
Pre-gaming with
We'll be meeting this Sunday at Fountain of Life - on the corner of Beulah Church Rd and Delightful Way :-)
I am trying to order a new i phone via ur "AT&T Upgrader" I am getting an error where it is repeatedly asking me for my #
The food drive to benefit the Rainier Valley Food bank continues for one more night - bring your cans down!
pwning me last minute
i think i am going delirious ahhaa
please pretty please follow me and add me on oovoo if you have one...
I don't get why you have to take your anger out on me -____-
Love when my body hits auto pilot...
Beautiful morning in London! Considering not returning to wales anytime soon!
Lol I'm just not really into this site yet
and Eisen...smug bastard.
Vin Scully should be the announcer for the Dodgers until he turns 150 y.o.!
yup got to live for the boys. now wish i would not have backed out of the cruise. ill b fine by then.
#ReplaceAMovieTitleWithWeed "Resident Weed"
I'm gonna smile, not just because I deserve to, because I have God in my life<U+2665> .
Had an eventful night, mad fun, have some great memories. 2morrow is a much needed half day of rest, then get back into the grind of things.
lol bro the games are played for a reason. Can't say OKC will win when no one really knows
they can get handouts, but screw people on unemployment, welfare, Medicare, pell grants etc. ...it's sickening.
not in the Midwest ... Bring the whole family!
Yes, indeed! The Aztec dancers are fierce this year.
Yeah survives The wretched Damien. #BreakoutKings Bring her back for Season 3
Hiccups for 10 mins straight D: <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
Act Quickly on Opportunities: “To succeed, jump as quickly at opportunities as you do at conclusions.” - Benjamin Franklin
no way! Omg ;D
I just love how my softball team can make me feel better in just one practice <3
haha yeah, these were for sale. I know what ones you're talking about.
Heading to the game tonight. Let's do this!
Why'd the post office so crowded!?
Yep, I'm working the grandstands. And I have a training at 2:30 on Sunday to learn what to do
it's going to be OK. because you are awesome.
Watching the cats play!
you told me to come here to read this? Poop you!!!
yeah I got you if I'm coming I gotta see if can drive downtown cause I refuse to take cta for pizza lol
i will fight u lets do this...wait r we fighting naked? if not deals off lol
hataz gonna hate
I'll be with my cuzzo in the West Village
Ever have a to do list that makes you want to go crawl into bed & pull the covers over your head ?
hahaha o girl. i see you, i see you. i have to be at school in less than 2 hours..
Been craving coconut shrimp tacos for weeks hopefully they aren't sold out again
Andy's Jazz Jam Session: Tonite - 9pm @ 11 E Hubbard, Musicians Free, Vocalists Welcome. $10 Gen. Admission. HOpe to CU There.
AA, one of the primary gram negative anaerobic bacteria associated with gum disease, accelerates atherosclerosis through LDL Oxidation
If not, I am FREE Wednesday!!!
Con't ... It is still painfully bad. I made the mistake of sitting threw another installment and I was so sad at the end...
the haters who continue to slam the 85 yo woman for her olive garden review are heartless losers. let the woman have her opinion.
Just found out that Beyoncé's wedding ring was $5 million... Well done Jay, well done.
check your DMs from me Sabrina
it's very important
Free Fuel Friday @ 5pm codeword today: MOM ~ Steve
candide! I love it :)
"The book is realistic. It's not amatuerish, nor does it seek sympathy. " Anne Meek, Cultural Alliance of Greater Hampton Roads
did you figure it out yourself or do you have ppl?
finally about to dig in to MNWAM ... lookin forward to the experience
Sorry. The draft I watch isn't until June. And it lasts 3 days. And has 50 rounds. And I'll be announcing the picks some day.
Council hears financial and investment reports from Board Treasurer Nancy J. Vickers and Director of Finance Lawrence R. Wirth.
I get really pissed when I find hair in my food
thanks girl and lol still home aha :)
I am so sorry Kathleen. My heart goes out to you and your families.
how did word processing change author's attitudes toward writing?
#ballofsunshine that's how I feel right now knowing I've had my ticket for months now :)))
Decided to give it a test run.
Was at a dinner last week w/a vertical of La Conseillante. Awesome wine! I'll be in Bordeaux soon but the châteaux is closed for renovation
Happy Birthday Jason! (CA timezone barley 12 hehe :). ) Anways Have A Fun Day!!!
The continuous changing of UNM passwords is messing me up
It's so easy, you'll wonder why you never "fondued" before! :-)
of course.
whats he done about jobs for three years why does he care now election time he still wont do a dam thing
Thanks for retweeting my post about tomorrow's episode of "Awake." You are awesome!
hahahahah do people really ask that? isn't it actually patios? like just a dialect?
i didn't get a call!
did my presence for a few days get you into twitter and foursquare ?
Thanks Kev! When are you coming back? It's been a minute!
It is #tacotuesday, after all.
FINALLY ITS FRIDAY!!! RT/DM for any table or parties! We'll take care of you! Exciting weekend...Don't miss out! Happy Friday friends!
Cookie dough ice cream on krispy kreme doughnuts breakfast of champions
double 0 negro needs his own account! !!
Yep we all do!!
Fuck it not waisting time on the past #SingleLife (:
Adding interactive elements and transitions to our #Facebook photo game.
Money I get paid
in home for sure
Are you ok?
RT : TY for a great online web meeting today!
Someone comes up to me at Kams and asks if I know
What is the next music revolution in USA?
I was talking about the cat, but I'LL PLAY ALONG. c:
GATER'S FACE IS MY DRUG!
AUSTIN RIVERS
Ellerman on News Corp: Govt would have to argue that reporters acted to 'obtain business' when they bribed police officers for info.
my second period teacher is so annoying w/his ugly ass!
The most underrated band of all time is Silverstein, no debate
Will you be at the DAX show in Minneapolis next week to see us in &J's booth #707?
hahahahaha just a little...
Good Night
Another happy hour I got talked into celebrating the nice weather!!!
Texas Fam Law Tip of the Day: If suddenly you could no longer communicate, do your loved ones have what they need to carry out your wishes?
Mom is back home from the hospital! I think she is doing very well! :)
Thanx so much Dan for the support. You rock big time!!!
Tonight I Can't Sleep , We Living In Hell !
I am always virtually there to help! (wish I were physically there too)
Jump then fall
I agree 100 percent. The Internet boom and Enron debacle highlight why this doesn't work.
k but it's gota be a day I go an I will proudley get it haha just cuz u held me to it hahhahahahah:)
happy to hear that, trak!
Ughh I can't choose!!(:
If you eat too much comfort food, it's not comfort food anymore...
Almost 5pm here on the East! which means the weekend starts soon!
anywhere hahaha :) smiles and laughs
I'm loving these poems from Tupac's book The Rose That Grew From Concrete.
#YoMommaSoFat she had to get baptised at sea world.
Fuccckkkk your opinion
yeah......anyways, sup Emma?
hope all is well. Whit and I are glad to hear you made it Home. Sorry we couldn't make it out to the SD clubs last night!
thanks for the Jameson
Did you even go in that photo booth last night?
Thank you! You are clearly a Twitter expert!
“: Derek Jeter is 3-3 tonight and is now hitting above .400. He's also 37 years old.” that's my dude!
Wishing I was at Wrigley Field right now
come on dude, you know they were there to show off that strut she was doing.
in class <U+E32D> love our sub <U+E337>
I sleep to wake and take my waking slow.
What to think when your gf retweets ": I know that you really want somebody but baby Im somebody that dont really need you
I still Turn to You <U+2665>
Wtf I'm still up for like I don't got shit to do in the morning!!!!! Huh
To the Renn Faire! And fun reads
Haha he sure did! I wonder what the 2016 Draft will bring? ;)
It's gonna be in the 80s this weekend! Who's as happy as I am!
death cab for cute + magic magic orchestra= beautiful music! Feeling groovy!
company credit cards are very helpful at times like this.... Hope you can make it!
Hope you're having a great week! Thanks for sharing our posts, Paul!
Welcome back to twitter
If I told you that I Hate you, would you laugh, smile, stare, walk away? Or would you simply say. . . I Love you too.
Haha - must have zoned out :-P
Monday Madness–Today only! Get 50% off of any glass of wine with purchase of any food item (excludes happy hour)...
Still doing "Electrical" work, but this plan "B" thing.... MUSIC!!!! Just keeps POPPING even though it just fun for me :0/
WE HAVE BOYS TRUNK FIT IN NOW!!!!
STOP BEING A CREEP.
What a way to kill the conversation -_____-
money on my mind, everyday. that's all i want :)
Spoke to soon...the place is only doing bottle service now #nothanks. The search continues..wouldn't mind a house party either.
love the way life goes when your focused...u will have to sacrafice some things...but go hard NOW , in the end, everyone will be happy
Yea I'm ridin dirty I ain't referring to hygiene
I have a fever & my throat hurts
Lester and Verlander combine for 13 pitches in the first inning..Wow!
Just gave the lady at smoothie king $10 and she gave me $13 back
Exposing factory farm prctics should go mainstream. B great if we could put awful pictures on food like cigs.
Wish it never ended! RT : is the only band that I go see that I get sad after because the show is over. I love them.
i feel you.. keep it up tho, its gone pay off in tha long run
Looking for a walk off in the ninth
aight and thank you(:
and the good ones are smart enough not to want the power :)
Genius idea. All-Star Real Housewives. Take the craziest housewives from each show and put them on an island somewhere.
Life is too short not to live it to the fullest.
FACT OR MYTH? A heart rate monitor is the most accurate way of letting you know how hard your body is working.
tobacco valeurs I believe
People say im a ban wagon becausd i was with the hornets with cp3 im with cp3 any were he even when he on the bobcats lol that too far
2nd time commanded 2 write mish's or servicemen, 2nd x to record impressions and be grateful, 3rd to not hold unrighteous dominion.
non-profits will benefit a ton from this I believe!
pretty sure last night was my 2nd time getting sushi since I moved to New York in 2008.
ha! My guess; everyone gets it but T Dog - and he gets a spin off next year - a zombie variety show with musical numbers :)
or a novel!
U must have started reading 's book #CrushIt that I gave you! RT : , , guess who's back!?
Got copy of the script w/my scene with #TerryKiser in #BailOut. So excited!!! It's going to be good! You have to watch it when it comes out!
Downtown Miami is all abuzz with a million cop cars and people protesting... What could it be?!
I feel like a lobster right now -_-
Weekend is almost here....Any big plans??
Screaming Tuna SIN Mondays. 3, 4, 5$ sushi rolls. 1/2 off select cocktails & beers. Patio on the riverwalk.
for me it moves the school up in public perception.. and therefore enrollment...long term.
aw, thanks so much, Kelsey!
going 2 go to schlitterbahn today[:
I miss basketball.
I been getting sleepy early.
Just Do It ! Enjoy the ride ~
Yea man, legs to grow! You good on the bench?
So...eating a half a bag of trail mix at 3:45am and then going to bed is totally okay, right guys? Right?!
how long you going to be in Mexico City for? You should meet up with my peoples:
How do you feel about curling?
hi I am a big fan! can u please follow,RT, or reply to me but a follow would be the bst thing ever! <3 :)))
Romney doesn't like being quoted out of context as he was today about the "very poor" but that's exaxtly what he does to Obama in his ads
Which one of you homers said the Badgers were a final 8 team on Friday? Does that make UNLV a final 4 team?
happy holidays love both u schmucks-lmao!!! U better be living it up!!!
Hump day, let's get over it!
this is basically the next chapter of ......we had a line-up change and had to change the name due to possible legal trouble
It's official. Totally in love with Adam Schoenberg's music. Bravo on his world premiere!
Employee Appreciation Wk is here! Join us in Red Arrow Park for free lunch for the 1st 1,000 guests.
I'm sorry!!
Just made myself a yummy banana smoothie...!(: Yeah buuddyyy...! <3
good morning to you!
So. Damn. Close.
There's like 20-25 waitresses at this Applebee's right now and maybe only a handful of tables here. Wish I could get paid to stand around.
Im going ta tha moon# future fan
Im going to show you real physical pain for the emotions you brought up in me.
reports Church's Chicken to become the official "greazy" chicken partner of the Southwestern Athletic Conference ()
N seeing me!! When u goin!? RT : Florida is all Im lookin foward to this summer
That songs too fuckin trill
Sun is out but it's raining... Ahh the tropics..
Man I'm sayin, y its so damn foggy out here. Even wit the brights I can see ish
#Duets #TeamJennifer all the way! Gotta Love the Best!
Happy Birthday Sis I Miss You !!!!
dear foot, please agree with me. sincerely, i wanna play tonight.
it needs to be Thursday already!!!!!!!!
#pointlesscelebrities Kardashians, lol if Kim didn't fuck Ray J & make a tape nobody would even know them!
If you were back in the TV biz - how would you do it? #powertweetball RT : they still show the live lottery drawings on TV?
you brought life back into my heart. Be mine forever and ever
If I ever feel like I'm doing something I've done before, I scrap it and start over again.- Paul Newman
She's a FB all-American for sure! Love her Ali updates though. “: My mom staaayyss on fbook now...pretty impressive actually”
Thanks but at this time we are trying Flagship Merchants. We may be able to use you in the future tho.
#GWU, come to Pesto in #GWJStreet to see what Chef Uotila from Finland is cooking up today
da you do.
you deserve it all.
Dinner at Harbor House on M Onday with was splendid. Can't wait to come back
Just finished 3 days Art Modeling in Laguna Beach! Like a mini-vacation with pay!
Tryin to take away a life, is you GOD muthafucka?
you're the best. thanks! :)
My weekend is winding down. NO!!!!!!
She wanna lick the wrapper, and she can lick the rapper.(;
Ahah. You've got one life to live girlyy. Live it upp. =) We're gonna bake so muchh.
My sister is watching my 3 month old daughter and just sent me a pic infront of a tattoo shop
Looking at a very fast car. Saw what Steve Saleen can do to a Challenger! WOW. The new SMS Challenger.
Include me in your #FF? :)
Alright, you said I was the one you liked most...if that was true then why did you chose her.?
Please please please do NOT wear sandals or flip flops if ur feet aren't done or no polish. unless ur feet are just THAT cute. I hate feet
Pierre - Jagr does not play for the Pens...dumb ass.
#thelockout is over.bout time I can watch em Knicks run shit
The only thing I don't like about A days is that I barely see my best friend.
Whats some of the hottest songs out right now
Oh sure go right ahead and take off chunks of skin when you're clipping my nails, Asian. I was hoping to bleed at the salon today
Let's encourage to tweet.
it's like Doug Fister is back with the Mariners
Appreciate the shout out!
all tweets about metro and the hookah is making me jealous cause they don't have anything like that out here in pensacola,fl..smh
Drunk pasta making.. This should be interesting
I would like french fries dipped in a Frosty.
why thank you ;)
Great seeing you at #SYSoul! Way to put some shine back on Alaska! You had me cracking up with that anti-Palin comment!!!
#FridayReads Finishing HORNS by today, then starting THE WIND THROUGH THE KEYHOLE by
I quit watchin the game and the Nuggets start killing it...
i know! Our plans better work..and duhh we always ballin' (:
A4 as once said - Be professional on social media- nobody wants to hear whining/personal drama.
Fred, Vernon, and Martha
m yeah they lost 84-99
The parents are nuzzled all snug in their bed. Christmas break has now begun as has the dread.
YOOOO HE JUST GOT OFF LIKE WTF
damn how u doin anyway
cuz it's the same thing basically
& nice I saw Ryan for like 5 secs at graduation but neither of you two!
Yes, I like fudge.
um, I think I am the one that is supposed to utter terrible puns.
RT : you guys deserve it, amazingly talented..thanks for framing the beauty in Newark~~I luv what we do!
I can imagine that only being good if the L and the T were really good or also fake to match flavor
We are seeing a growing call for indigenous participation in oil producing countries -Boyo
weak, primo's it is then.
Frozen four on makes me realize how badly I miss the on espn #garythorne cc:
the beginning
Linux: The OS people choose without $200,000,000 of persuasion. ~ Mike Coleman
just found out my new phone has Myspac IM built in it!!!!
Back from shanghai ! pics will be up soon
my FRIEND was asking about you earlier....
Can not wait to see you guys in New Mexico!! LOVE the show!!!
I hope your doing ok! I had people die in my family and not to say its the same, but I know it's hard. There's no words :(
Finally found a nigga that can make me some beats im finna be on my shit now
wooohoo! Congrats Young Hollywood Showcase...fabulous evening! Thank you all who came out to support. We're back on Monday 2/13.
Chaz Williams misses the ft and the Minutemen need one more stop. #Drexel ball with 15.7 seconds to play. #UMass 72-70
: thanks so much! Next year we need more Italians :) big hug.
Happy Wednesday.
aw actually I had to make the tough decision to cancel that talk. I'm doing MuseumNext in Barcelona instead. Do hope to meet!
I'm intrigued. Is Darryl Hannah in it?
Fab call to arts for California Artists - Pan Am - Sinatra - World landmarks... "Come Fly With Me"
JESUS ..what the HELL?
Follow follow follow follow folow
Well, off to portland
Sign its going to be 2500 *at least* to get my car fixed. I have a feeling I'm gonna be walking everywhere for a while
I'd really like to be the grounds keeper at the Chicago botanic gardens
Closed Dow trade at target (7970) for 400 pts. Still long Gold and Short crude
u did so good! I enjoyed watching it live. Thanks for the great surf!!!
Bladerunner was set in 2019. At that point, the film will still be covered under copyright for 83 more years!
“: You did you said all of the right things, I did I meant all of the wrong things #Numb”
we still got another 53 minutes..(: 2012 #mahomies take over!
.: Nobody trying to find out what's true, just repeat allegs about vandalizing coffee cart, etc.
That feel when you try and do homework, but you just can't. Procrastination sucks.
is chloe follow you or chris
Heading out to check out my favorite guys in Orange and Blue this morning. The Spokane Shock have less than a week till opening night!
Do you need approval or something from us?
Niggas fuckin wit that Stars N Stripes
now I'm having girl problems- can't decide which shirt to wear!
This day in 1968: Milwaukee awarded NBA basketball franchise thanks to the efforts of the late Wesley D. Pavalon and Marvin Fishman.
Law firm profile photo with a collarless shirt: Why? Is it about your comfort, or how you want others to consider you professionally?
Where is your house? It's too far out for , but might work for other buyers w/whom I'm working?
this week? I can't hold them forever. Lol. I got two
yeah I did it yesterday. There are a couple new features which are nice. I did it at work so it was faster with their server
Perfect way to get hit by car ... Run into on coming traffic screaming
I'm looking forward to seeing #TheHobbit w/ its 48fps. Anything that will cram more information into my brain than it can handle is ok w/ me
Lots of courses next week: Excel: Intermediate, Access: Intermediate, Word: Intermediate, InDesign: Basic & more... www.shortcourses.uwm.edu
shes on the mind...
please DM your email, and I'll follow-up about sending one for review. We could overnight and get it to you by Friday
You too Pee-Wee Herman :)
Shouts out to new fam - where can we check ur beats fam??
.listen to the people. Increase tax for the rich and companies.
Hates it when people discriminate against my mom
Mankind fears an evil man but heaven does not.
I am not very good at this either just so you know,I just did something but I don't know what hahah
You never realize how much you like someone until you watch them like somebody else.
lol, as a Packers fan who also uses them in Madden I always think the same thing.
Wish the academy awards show was on earlier so that I could watch all of it.
RT : We have a new phone number! Make note: 414-301-1414
Almost fell off the elliptical not once but TWICE tonight. Tell me that mental picture is NOT hilarious.
RT : Somebody that I used to know
I'm officially DONE, we've went from jeggins 2 smiley face bikini's....RAP is Outta Control!!!
... partly because his version of a "hero" story lets his healer superpower compensate for his general shittiness. Maybe this is similar.
Does anyone still wear a hat?
well I think the only issue is tami for acting childish an Susie for feeling like she needs to report everything to tami
Made positive life decision not to Keep up with the Kardashians anymore. No bad feelings, but think we'll all be fine without each other!
I am totally fine sitting by myself or with the full timers. Or going home for lunch. Doesn't matter to me
Everybody follow my girl ! She's so awesome and follows back 100%! Follow Now & u get a solo shoutout! <3
The Nuggets deserve this series
Merry Christmas my friends!!
So damn, whatchu finna do now?? When can you record period?
Wonders if you can create a status paradox where twitter goes to facebook and back to twitter and back again and again and again...
That was me today
#TheTrialist will actually decide if there will be an #NFL season or not.
": I'm thinking about moving back to texas....."//sit yo ass down
its okay dont worry :)
Okay, seven-job week, let's do this.
oh tight! Did Bluey's set go well? He mentioned earlier on twitter not being able to soundcheck.
Be careful everyone!!! We care about you all! Be safe and very cautious on the road! Love,
drya Better stop
that is not a simple "tweetable" answer. Send me an email and I will have our Dep Superintendent answer
PLEASE CHECK YOUR DM'S!
Break a bitch heart no future
the entire outside world just disappeared into a sheet of fog.
online banks are an idea I hadn't thought of.
whats the latin homework?
how's ny??? Hope u like it :) but ur gonna love miami even more
THE #SECONDMATRIX WAS NOT A TERRIBLE FILM
We all have front row seats on history...
are you losing weight? you're looking mighty skinny lately
I wish I had the mouth of this guy.
We need to acquire New Thinking + New Habits + Long Term Viewpoint = to acquire an Extraordinary Mind to have an Extraordinary Life!
GM!!! Follow
that will heal up good by keeping cold on it and aloe, may not blister then and just heal up.
Make me that nigga.
I Can't FUCK Witchuu Like That No More.
clearly ya'll have earned it.
You are all beautiful in your own individual way so never lower your standards.
Some people think isn't funny but I find him halrious !!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
black on black
Just met with our social media team to discuss our plan for #USF Facebook Timeline. Can't wait to launch new features!
Playing Sunday brunch at the Grand Bohemian downtown Orlando 10:30-2:30 today
Hey! I know you don't knwo me but I would like to say that I saw your pictures and I think its really cool that your a dancer.I ..
I just knew that YOU of all people would pick up on that BS part.....:)
I will until a rematch occurs. We need to have it with your gangster neighbors on their porch.
time to eliminate those friends.
I love how my mom assumes i get up. the only person she actually wakes up is my sister. one day im just gunna stay asleep.
follow me on twitter
Just got ready to go out for dinner & my friend's 2-yr old (with whom I've been playing all day) said, "who's that?" good sign? Bad sign?
ok.:D
Enjoying thomas tweed's _america's church_ on 20th century catholics
Sitting on le toilet.
After a long evening seems like I have a recording software issue so recording comes to a halt until I can figure it out. Brain tired ;(
lolremember her today tryna get all loud 4 her roe-roe baybee
Just a shout out for all of our followers, you guys are awesome! We can't do what we do without you.
Niggaz with weak voices .. <<<
My dad is reading aloud about crows from his bird book
don't you love that pic? he looks so f'ing cool.
The Dan Snyder: Two pieces of bread with one slice of cheese. Costs $49.99
Luca by Brand New... Incredibly perfect.
Bummer. Would be good to have you! /cc
I seriously have THE best daddy in the world!
Take in some art tonight and enjoy First Friday in Indy!
New music coming soon!!! Stay tuned!!
he remembered my purple hair from Nic's wedding lol
Check out San Diego Wine & Culinary at #weddingpartybridalshow!
Topics on Pro. Women section include: Are You a Social Media Rihanna or Beyonce? + Perfect Fit of Biz Suit.
would it be pronounced wik-a-PAY-dia? Check with Ted and get back to me
I always tell the truth, even when I lie
I can't wait for you to meet and <3
Watching the pregnancy project #why?
#Oomf got a FAT ass !
Headache. Book overload. Dehydration (armory is DRY). Two days and I feel like I've seen nothing. Pirages bindings spectacular.
Normal Sunday night tasting of beers from around the world in my kitchen talking art
should be humble for you are made of earth, be noble for you are the stars
Sometimes you send out an email, and sometimes you send out 45,000 and cause the server to shit the bed.
#Now Listening to Tank Wedding song oomf put me up on it!
RT - bout to order me & kei dis new england patriots creeper set for our babies .
50 years of dancing have made Eddie Torres the King of Mambo Dance. Period. Do you want to be treated like Eddie? Get 100,000 students first
moneyv kushv carsv my life!v
Thanks much for the RT!
Went to court for the bogus trespassing Citation and the Charges were never filed...... Thank Ya Lord!!!!
I'm down!!!! Start tonight?
What was it like being out in LA for American Idol? Miss ya' on there!
I just did! Totally worth it, this show is constantly surprising me
The Internet is saturated with Cindy Sherman.
her voice is so smooth !
#NewFangledElectrics RT : Doctors declare that the electric light will eventually destroy eyesight. MI1880
sorry Mike. We got schedules confused.
I'm in Kansas City Back Stage Preparing to inspire the Children of Kansas City Pride, Pride is not just a word its a Lifestyle, Live it!
RT : John Watson tip: cut the sexual tension w/awkward small talk.
Sorry for your loss ;) #LFC had me nervous for awhile. Glad it's over!
Functional Bed and Breakfast art www.martonart.weebly.com/restaurants-hotels-bed-and-breakfasts.html
Got hired today at Universal Orlando!! Start on May 21st!! Working at Ripsaw Falls in IOA
and gets the munchies together.
Watching raw #wwe :D
want awesome plush toys made, go see
After sitting in Boston traffic,spending 4hr on a bus, and carrying a suitcase through the subway,it's good to find my apt feels like home.
#Insanity : doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results
If Donna Lewis released a greatest hits album with 16 tracks of "I love you always forever" I'd buy it.
I do what I can. Headed to class tweet you later!
Im scared of fat hoes! ...lol
yea ok, try and cover it up. ;)
Lol I Would Dah Same I get To Meet Diggy He Is Just Fine Jacob Latimore <3 To Many Cuties lol
#1Dfact Louis jumped into the crowd in Wellington and got chased by Paul. Only Lou can pull that off! Gosh i love him!<3-Kelly
That's a sweet scene.
hoping it is some fake merch some independent seller is peddling
nahh man not right now, I want to start it up in the summer again so we'll see. there's a couple of good open mics in newark tho
So why yall dont be coming like that annymore
Do you know how much snow we would have had if it had been cold during these last two big rain storms.
A few of our Miriam's Studio artists have work in this week's issue of Pick up your copy from a vendor today!
Ah...bed. You feel good.
I don't feel anyone is trustworthy enough to hold my love. Two people have already proved it to me.
Best to you Sara!
nice seeing you yesterday at the Casino! Rosie&Rocco's looks great. We'll be neighbors! #BSpot #Rosie&Rocco's
okay no stop -.-
we're both out of luck :'(
Do u have ore than one of those tank tops cuz u wear them alot
Sweetkick has been presented with a wonderful opportunity. The big apple calls. NY bound for an events internship with amazing networking.
Oh is that all? RT : “If you want to be loved, be lovable” Ovid
Hi Ryan. The assignment is due on Dec. 1. Stay on top of stuff and you should be ok
It's like you have to be strong for everybody else, but they forget to ask if you're okay.
:) RT : One hour can make a big difference - look at DST. Put in an extra hour working toward your dreams & see what happens.
Finally got around to completing 3's single-player campaign and damn, was it worth it. Keep up the stellar work #DICE!
Design problem: create open space for people to reflect and create not just consume
BREAKING: Big Oil up with pro- ads in violation of "People's Pledge."
So tired. It was a big day. Looking forward to finishing off the Spring 2012 semester tomorrow!
I-405 northbound closed at 6th Ave for police activity. Traffic is being rerouted downtown.
lol petty ass
#FF: Thanks for the shout out!
#fridayreads (audio) Paladin of Souls by Lois McMaster Bujold
Wondering if you would need an advanced degree to be able to complete then accurately ...
stole the show tonight
RT I don't wanna see none of u niggas with them plaid picnic blanket shorts this summer, I swear <U+2190>!!!!!!!!
Lol, we were definitely on that jam for a cool minute.
HahahahaRT : The amount of times I think and say the c word these days I could easily be twin sister
The prom? You are a brave man amidst all those run-amok hormones tonight. Ha
Thanks! So are you! MT #FF the most epic they are great friends too :)
Watching "a time to kill" with
Redlight tattoo! Corner of Coors and Gun Club!
I'm still tweeking #shutterfoundry. What would you like to learn?
Trust me when I say that Barack WILL save our economy by raising taxes on EVERYBODY when he is re-elected in 2012. Government knows best!!!!
“: GAS GAS GAS GAS GAS GAS GAS GAS GAS GAS GAS GAS, STOP. NOW MAKE THOSE MOTHA FUCKIN PRICES DROP”
It's about to be hiring season here at Ideas and Pixels, and we would love to ask you one simple question: Have you ever lied on a resume?
nope. Hot dogs with chili, and cookies. Per game meal was gumbo and it was magnificent
Don't take it personal.
”Success seems to be connected with action. Successful people keep moving. They make mistakes, but they don’t quit.” - Conrad Hilton
Defend ethnic studies!
MadMen looks to be ridic already!
Flyer's rights folks often don't focus on injustice of profiling people based on race/religion/etc. Thanks for sharing this!
RT : One of the photographers at this wedding is using bounce flash, outdoors.....
Social Saturday
Happy Mothers Day!! <U+2764><U+2764>
my background is dlmqsldmasdjasio. he is an angel
I'm City Like Them Other Folk.. But I Ain't No Average Joe.
what up baby!!!
Playoff Hockey is so intense, I'm buggin out REAL hard
Think i will study for marketing after dusk. :/
no but I love kiwi sounds yummy
and thank you!
- Thanks for the follwo, fellow #twitter friend! Have a great day.
Ready for the MLB All Star game in 4 hours!
Is #starting to #see the
maybe I can come up with something to hold people over till them :)
I googled it because I was curious. And that seems pretty accurate for you. Ahah
Bartab's making the madness last this week with FREE drink sends this Thurs from 12-5 PST. Spread the word!!
She kissed me & I flew away!
Just checking in to see if I could see the slides from your Seattle 2.0 awards presentation. :)
It wasn't me, but I'm doing the same thing...
This looks like a great cycling group for women
Caucuses and marriages, third time is a charm for Newt.
thank god.... can he go away for good?
can you tell me about #klout through twitter? Or should I #google it? #feelingoutdated on social media.
At #masjid Hamza praying with all my MusLim people
I love me some Ron Paul. But #Libertarian candidate Gary Johnson ain't exactly chopped liver! Give the governor some love. U can supp both!
Storms are rolling thru. Good day to catch up on the DVR. Hope you have sunshine where you are!
People who tweet "who is Steve Jobs" from a Iphone, ipad, or Mac <
School.. #redbull time
or... they can make the whole plane first class... that's probably the best option
Warriors sign C Kwame Brown to one-year deal
If the world doesn't end on December 21st, I have a feeling a lot of babies will be born September 2013.....
Wen I wake up in the morning I always thank my heavenly Father > Jesus :-)
2 MORE HOURS OF MY BIRTHDAY AND STILL HASN'T FOLLOWED ME! please follow me it would make my birthday the best bday ever!!!!!!!
Huntsman is the man!
Happy Easter from Elite Pro Painters!
WE THE PEOPLE Elected the Officials who Passed Laws to Lock-Up Millions of Humans -- Now Let Us Elect Officials to Unlock 10%
I've heard that its a very weak plot and that it's just beautiful visually
GLOBE &amp; MAIL: Mercer International Abandons Battle For Fibrek
This Is How We Do. But I fell in love with them when I heard Dear Maria live <3
I'll be at International Consumer Electronics Show CES Fri-Sun. Are you going? What's a must see?
WAITING FOR JUSTIN BIEBER TO COME ON THE VOICE!!!!
There's nothing like having a team. 4 minds is better then 1 !! #Kingdom work
not much just been on my music grind!
Josh Bazell should be emailing me, and I will keep everyone posted. If his second book is like first, he will do more FREE Med Work...
Haha well thank you!
No, I will eat all kinds of foods, but I loathe potatoes. They taste like cardboard and are filler food.
The lockout has provided me with a game almost every single night. Worth the wait.
Teach your ADD/ADHD child to take responsibility for his actions by being responsible for your own.
proud of you
wine pairing - nutella on toast?
keep your chin up!
why no #ESPN sports nation #Golf Q&A this week? I miss it man! PLEASE don't make me read Q&A!! It was boring at best:(
"Don't worry, be happy." Eternal words of wisdom. Make this year a happy year!
Just rented 400 computers in London to render out our final fly through animation sequences for 4:11 Gospel of Grace. Now it's getting fun.
Tonight was a great example of Fugitive gone wrong.
I upgraded my iPhone and lost all my apps
hahaha oh gosh. I so wasn't gonna go here. But since the window opened.....
The RKPR website got a makeover! What do you think?? www.rkpr.net
Funny you should say that! My mother says it all the time :-) Can't beat good ol' organic honey!
that does suck. Don't worry, I'll be sure to put your tickets to good use.
Happy that today is my Friday. :)
I bet senses was full of 18 yr olds <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
So frustrating that my hosting company is in meltdown mode and the site is paying the price - offline for days. Makes me want to give up.
Now in the locker rooms haven't shown one credential funny how far you can get when you act like you belong.
Oh, shit! They all did die!!! Well.
Or strip club
Game changer?
#FF to our fellow Brewers!
how can i hear some of ur tracks
Nice #Seinfeld reference!
Xo RT : thanks babes, you said it right!!!!
it is! Living the blessed life!
Nights like this I hate that I have to go to bed so early. Great 1st half for the Nuggets.
Imma Lyrical Motivator
Back at Boomerjacks in Mesquite, TX editing on Dr. Mark Van Stone's interactive book for the iPad on the #2012Meme. Making progress!
ROCKING THE MIC & GETTING STUPID!!! This Wed! Apr11th! w/ & Say #BrownRiceComedy & UR in FREE!!!
Taking a break from working on the house and yard this weekend - focused on just being Daddy for a couple days. :-)
i wish all of uguys will follow me and help me 2 get more followers
The dance Justin does in the ending of Boyfriend is friggen sexy (:
Its about that time again....Goat Time that is! Come on down to 809 W. Randolph!
stay down...work it out.... until you come up
FOLLOW-UP QUOTE - "What? Me worry." Alfred E. Neuman. The epitome of "confidence."
awwee shucks... Lol...making it happen soon 8 songs deep.... You know I love YOUR music.... Yup
Work time this early!! Leggo merp!
I feel like throwing up...://
I good in bed listening to the radio.
Is this your Super Bowl? This might be my Super Bowl.
What is up with this weather? I swear it was just raining SIDEWAYS! Good thing I brought a coat today.
I made it safely to Orlando!!!!
Insurance "Exchange" intended to provide consumers with centralized, online access to health care coverage.
Looking forward to it, buddy. Have a good weekend. V/BTFU!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I'm really bad at leaving voicemails.
Dion Dublin. Defender & Striker
I have found opportunities do not come to those who wait. They are captured by those who attack. If you would like a fast track financial fr
Woow! I chase after the dog & I get treated like this.. BITCH much!
Sleep is the cousin of death, so my eyes wide open!!! - - itsPabloTime.com people!!!
hahaha thts wht I thought u ment to say but I wasn't exactly sure
The moment I ask my car insurance company to lower my rates b/c I've had no car accidents is the moment I have a car accident.
you are so cute , please follow meh <3
What is Vision without clarity, focus, and perspective? Blindness.
$$$ My Bitch Bad lookin like a Bag of Money $$$
we're in the happy business ;)
Today's Relationships: You can touch each other, but not each others phones.
Just crank 'em up so we can all hear, wherever we are. ;D
Author of the Social Media Bible Lon Safko is live on skype in my social media course at PSU...cool!
Who are your favorite Seattle food reviewers? #bloggers #press etc?
Thank you! :) RT : Need to #volunteer try great org!
tonights interview on NIGHTWATCH has been canceled and will be rescheduled for October.
Leaving a French Purfumery and headed out to see Nice!
I Got Money On Stacks, Got Weed In Packs, Got Bottles On Racks, Who Fucking Wit Me. Mane.. Chill Out Relax Lol
Modular mussels = thanksgiving nap 3. + booze combo. Love + love + love
F.M.G we all we got
I follow you & and have never been fired from CBS, you should give me a follow
I agree. This is bogus! I wanted to throw the remote at my tv..
mailing his things back to him like tomorrow, this is going to be hard for me </3
It's great it's Friday, but it sucks it's not even noon yet.
I use it at least twice a session in first year seminars (also, the library doesn't have its own clickers)
“: if twin females marry twin males, and they each have a child, will both children look alike?? o.O Mind=Blown” hmm...
Boy I turn that thang into a rainforest
thank you for introducing me to in the rooms!
Struggling to tie a ribbon on the one gift I have to wrap myself (my wife's). "This should be simple," I think. "Pretend you're tying a...
Old movie re-run beats live footy
Helping customers stream awesome programs online
When we went to the beach today they our us on a all girls bus, like omfg They were all aggravating AF.
D-wade all the way!!!
you and me both! Too bad just gave PhiPhi hope about the "boos" -___-
S/O Untouchable Cuts for playing dat Mr.Mysta "Verbal Finesse Vol 1" in da shop!
"If you want to live a happy life, tie it to a goal, not to people or things." - Albert Einstein
I'll take ur word for it looks like u know better, I'm coming back to Indy, sitting here is still fun, u at game 3?
I want to go to a one direction concert so bad !
Rangers Game tonight
Lol oh okay
my friend told me he ran into you in Nashville, and that you gave him $20. Can you confirm/deny his story?
I don't like the word 'pedagogy'
We got 50 shot techs
Seventh Suggestion, A little soft kiss on the back of the neck or a light tap on the butt followed by "I love you" is a great touch.
"you're it!" "fuck you, I'm not playing anymore."”
PITTSBURGH (AP) -- Penguins captain Sidney Crosby will return Thursday night to face the New York Rangers at Madison Square Garden.
good to be back from CO. Great trip. Ready to hit the ground running now. But really, enough with the snow.
Just about ready with the webpage - stay tuned... Better pic cc
What songs should I perform on Kimmel??? I get 2!
confirmed smells terrible. was regretting not wearing a hoodie today to cover my nose. gl
Universal Studios day with Amy & Drew! Thanks Lindsey for my unlimited year pass so I can go whenever I want.
We's gonna party real son!
I believe that how you feel is very important to how you look - that healthy equals beautiful. ~Victoria Principal
sneezed and my gum flew out.
I thought went down for Jason Campbell wedding
when #ABoyfriendShouldAlways be there for you, but isn't. Dump him
Watching that black ass Wesley Snipes in US Marshalls
Camp was great:D
Whatever that means RT : No Turkeys Allowed
for including 'Dangerous Liaisons' on your Top 10 Favorite List!
change your mind yet sign me to a deal help u r. Hired...
glad you cashed have a good night Big Soccer day on Fri already have 2 locked in #Soccer=$ get on the list
You'll want to try the #Mikkeller Beer Geek Brunch and Beer Geek Breakfast - both added this week!
Isnt #Oscars night great in MKE? Well do not care much abt Oscars just happy to be back in MKE!
your cousin probably would, he is starting to use twitter more.
12 hour work day, clean apartment... Now rewarding myself with a double glass of wine!
I love this idea of making the most of Leap Day. Someone remind me in four years to take the day off.
Private party tonight. Join us tomorrow for normal service. Sorry for any inconvenience.
i really want some french toast now lol
Hey Luv lemme know when and where the next video shoot is
They keep saying the right person will come along, I seriously think mine got hit by a truck.
The #IDF are the true defenders of Israel. Not the #JIDF they're made in china or something.
Greetings Naptown...JC aka 'the Other man' in for 'The Loverman' Jerry Wade this week...time to relax starts ....now
Where's my #TwitHusband at tonight lol
This young girl, she's so cute Everytime I see her, wear a fresh pair of shoes 'Cause this young girl, she's such a killer
thanks for the RT. We really appreciate it.
that looks tempting. Too bad I can't Sunday Funday.
I got school in a few can you wish me luck please??
I just wanna go to the shore stores and buy a lot of clothes, and just look around.. I know people in jersey
La la la la La la la la Elmo's world Who remembers this cute little basterd?
If you a female over 20 and you still posting pics of your ass and titties just to get attention from niggaz KILL YOURSELF NOW!!!!!!
Haha. Ambiguous. RT : SIDE NOTE: i have a little luddite in me.
#Ifihadadragon I would kill the Dragonborn
Off to Mr. Seattle meet and greet. This should be interesting.
RT RT : house music all the way
Is it socially acceptable to deliver bad news via email?
When hot guys have the ugliest girl friends. I'm just like, WATER YOU DOING.
Hard to describe- one has to try RT : Met some friends at for some Bubble Tea. I just love that place!!!
Why are you picking on the Mayor?
AQUS on watch for a breakout/bounce, charts ready to go, strong volume eod friday.
yea he def doesn't have the support
I need to party with u next time
thanks, I'm on the east coast and forgot about the time difference
"For those about to rock, We salute you." #ACDC :)
Blake Griffin dunk wasn't exactly a rimrocker... More like a spectacular layup
Shit, I can't get a head coaching job and I'm sick of that douche bag Bielema... I'm in. “: Who the fuck should I hire?”
Excited for 's bloody adaptation of Julius Caesar with as Calpurnia. Tonight!
lol...yea & in that pic she was crying bcuz she was trying to get onto the couch from her bed, but couldn't. She stopped that(cont)
Opry mills is PACKED
#Itsawesomewhen I get a text and see its from you <3
happy birthday
Clybourne Park, the Funny-Tragic Pulitzer Winner About Race and Real Estate, Opens on Broadway
I hit it from the back cause I dont like how her face look...
re the NIN story: here we've come back full circle to the 18th century. For enough money the patron can buy anything. Is that good?
Or, you can be a 24 year old metal music sugar baby. Just a thought.
Oh man, teething
what is your work?
Ready to rock.
In the last wk, I've wrapped up a job, gone to a Mac & tried a new twitter client. New year, new adventures. Glad to be back w/ y'all, tho.
are you in L.A?
what you wearin to queen of diamonds? Im sure it will be something sexy
We fixed a small problem with the ball release on Dracula. Now it doesn't drop into multiball at the wrong time.
when's your next meet?
you say that now. wait until he wins the batting title and Felix is with the Dodgers.
Hot deals to celebrate the hot hot heat outside, www.dealshow.com
Yeah,I said "yester-year"
Gah! My phone is pissing me off.
Strike the Musical just sang it! Cant wait to see bowling pins sing more.
any rhyme or reason to who it's added?
thank you K
Dont be such a boob punch. lol
I got my #learn on this morning with and Now it's time to get to work in earnest. Email, here I come.
can't front I kinda wanna see that battleship, more cause of Rhianna tho lol.
Only God can turn a MESS into a MESSAGE, a TEST into a TESTIMONY, a TRAIL into a TRIUMPH, and a VICTIM into a VICTORY<3
I really miss you. It's been a couple weeks!!
im soo tired right now :(
I thought you were in Philly! What time is the game?
You had me at pizza :)
too much homework
:) thanks you too
Dolly Parton wrote "I will always love you" & refused to sign 1/2 rights to Elvis. It's the biggest hit ever both sung & written by a woman
Take that punk ass Grizzlies! Now for the Spurs to smash the Clippers! See ya Tuesday!
RT : Our Lyndsey Corbett braiding backstage for Those waves were fierce!
Having balls must really suck, literally.
RT : Smiles never go up in price or down in value. - Joe Moore
well well well hello you ^^
Working on your passion - the deep desires of your whole being - is what the Universe is longing for you to do.
I remember the Napster beta. 30 minutes for a single mp3 seemed amazing! Queue up 10 songs, go to class, come back. downloaded!
"Mistakes aren't things to be discouraged. On the contrary, they should be cultivated and carefully investigated."
: It sounds sexy and educational. I love stuff about animals, especially designed for kids. Thanks Love!
I'm the whore of Babylon
For example, 'Fuck it All' is a song about his emotions, deep seeded feelings of sadness and distance from his family.
come get one from me!
Christine Prois: How Opening A Fair Trade Store Brought Global Perspective To A Small Town: The premise of my store was to provide a ...
hahaha I hold back my thoughts until tomorrow. K?
It will hurt me deeply if it's Iron Lady
Got delicious strawberries from farmer's market. There's only 50 calories in 1 cup of strawberries and 149% of vitamin C of the daily value
I like to eat clean p**** but it gotta be CLEAN
beach and sunshine! :) and u???
Just lose, baby! I get a first round draft pick, right?
W.beyondthescoreboard.net Happy new years to all the sports fans out there
Calling each other candy&sweets names through text while in class :D , "how do we have friends?"
Loving the new username
“Four become eight, defending the Earth!” This is why Stan Lee should just stick with comic books…
"kooky" is one word for it :)
Im like macauly culkin in home alone setting traps against these roaches in my apartment.
Great to see you as well. The water powered elevator was crazy.
Hey, 9:30 am meeting on a SATURDAY... Go fuck yourself. Hugs!
Washington Redskins 14 St. Louis Rams 0 Halftime #redskins #rams #nfl (Via )
just because you slept with my mother doesn't make you my father.
England isnt too far a trip, is it? :) Would love to see u in Atlanta, but hey, theres always mail order if u cant make it!
Moving in my house today!
please follow me Austin. <3
Heaviest rain is over with for today. Still wet roads for AM commute. Better west than east today. 70 inland NJ, low 60s City, 50s LI/CT
Egg. Nog. Eggnog.
I figured it out. I have an ad blocker that was interacting badly with it.
The girl across the table whom I'm trying to sketch keeps on shuffling.
*WHAT* is with FB and captchas this morning? Geez!!
RT : You have to take care of your mind, body, & spirit. If one is off, it can take the others down with it.
Thank you for the kind words & the support! RT : Having a great time ..those shrimp and grits were everything !!!
Needy people <<<<<< cant stand em <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>
Couldn't agree more, although I'm very happy that he won't be missing field goals for us anymore.
Just uploaded some flame to souncloud
I know that an endless love isn't something you can teach with you there is not a star in the sky that I can't reach.
Apple Prepares Mac App Store For Launch On Jan 6 eweekeurope.co.uk/news/apple-pre… via
I didn't even get to board the plane!
we got a tough road. Pats on Sunday night then Thursday night vs Cleveland.
aaawww no I was just so tired plus I had an early morning with Marchello sorry I left you but they were pretty cool people
The first St. Patrick's Day special... Reuben Soup!
Having breakfast at sams . . . Eating samples xD
#kannaburch I am working so hard for Dancing 4 The Cure now!!
hey justin how are you doing ? Epic I hope ,you are haveing fun on tour showing the world your Swagg !! and Sweet Smile luvU
Last wknd we spoke w/ high school students on the south side of Chicago about bullying & homophobia. #Acceptance They were so positive!
Taking turf out of my leg I skidded my knees on turf then I took my track photos where I had to kneel on the floor of turf twiceD:
That was sad... Lol
It was nice to see briefly tonight at #RackOpening - the shopping was so distracting from socializing! Good to see you!
...and he just hit #4, Mets broadcasters announced.
Salud! : Arriba! Tequila gracias. Viva Cinco de Mayo! (translation: our child just fell asleep).”
Nice article, Dominique.
Gosh you have no idea how happy I was when I finally got some!
What else would you expect from the worst writer they have. No matter what, or who, he writes about it's awful.
Nothing like adversity and a deadline threat to focus the ole noggin! #grindin' #grantwritin' #bikeadvocatin'
Don't go East
I still want some red lipstick just haven't found the time to get the right shade
good work! try it with sriracha, even better
driving... is it nice
Avengers. All of my non favorite hero's in one super movie. Loved it!! Btw #mythbusters have their hands full with that flying supercarrier.
Doing a survey analysis for a client in #Chicago makes me remember how much I miss the
Miami will be taking a few steps back in football for a while. Almost no way the Dolphins don't take Tannehill.
#imagine you and Zayn are in a dark room and you can hear him whisper "tonight i'm loving you"
I'm puttin on my shades to cover up m eyes I'm jumpin in my car I'm heading out tonight
There are many new changes on the insurance horizon. #LintonandAssociates are here to help with them all. (505) 247-1530
i love cats!
i was thinkging the same thing let's go find him
Clippers won!
MY SCHOOL SUCKS ass.Srry had to get that off my chest
Holding on to memories is pain </3
thank you! I love you and will miss you too!
Never go to sleep Be up at 6 that's when I'm coming Lol
The Heart Is a Lonely Fisher-and-Trapper
8 days until I see <U+2665><U+2665><U+2665>
laugh it up. I'm going to wipe my eye with a paper towel and smack you with it next time I see you!
No dude. Wait until the morning.
thats why its called my busy
of course, followed. :)
told Obama that after marrying his husband in january no heterosexuals have been harmed, and he should "remember" that
Gonna be such a long day studying
Yahoo to that! Happy Thanksgiving!
The Michael Jackson trial is complicated!!
NFL really needs to do something about this logjam...they are 3-4 picks behind
I just about wore my shirt like 's this morning.
ugh - ill be ready!
Helping a nice teen with her paper on Tibet makes it better
Any big Stories or News on the Sunday Morning Political Programs overall?
Car, dinner, class, home would be preferred. Drive safe. Love youl.
im wide a wake smokeing good and gotta work in like 3 hours (live life WASTED)
haha I can agree with that!
idk man. They might win 1. Their offense is utterly terrible besides CP3, and at times Mo
Why watch lebron news? just signed... He's here to stay
It's the same reason clothes fit in the store but the minute you get home you'd think you bought the wrong size.
Time flies.
Thank you to and for stopping in this past weekend to enjoy the spoils of the sushi bar!
nope...he's the shit
Good luck to all the individuals participating in the University Sing event at the University of Oklahoma!!
Thank you for the follow :o)
Thanks! It's team members like you who make the Caring for Kids campaign so successful!
Hey Tim, thanks for coming in - we appreciate it. Niall
a blue marker!
homecoming tomorrow (:
you don't have to 'guard the bar' sweetie when you pack a flask!
yeah... Blackberrys suck though.
Time is what we want most, but what we use worst. William Penn
Poised Creation is always searching for new projects that will benefit our artists in the future!
Deer have fangs.
Hey NFLPA will try to get sentences reduced.
Phronesis - Walking Dark (BBC) Share With Friends: | | Music - Blues Stories , RSS Feeds and Widgets via Feedzilla.
i hate when you're on the phone with someone and then they hang up so your just talking to yourself for like five minutes. -_-
Its call age of the beast on the kickstarter Web site under new projects lanuch
Alright, come see some musical improv already. I'm performing with Petting Zoo at The Studio at 8:45PM with special guest, Swartzlander
I know. Just thinking about their list of penalties makes me a little queasy.
I love Ultimate Frisbee!
I've already updated my calendar! EEk!
your water will still be too cold to swim in. Shock the pool. Vacuum it. Run the filter. In a few days it will be good 2go
The hunt for new clients begins... If you need a video editor or sound mixer, hit me up.
Would you rather be a monkey or a tiger and why?
no Jamie RT : Twitter during ColdWar >>>> RT ChicagoMadeSean: yoooooo Twitter during the Monday Night Wars woulda been epic!!!
Kobe line almost at the ears tho!!!
that was a classic ! Lmaoo
if i get 400 followers i'll say my big ass secret
SO TIRED, but still stayed up late doing nothing. It was glorious nothingness after a busy 2 weeks, though. Worth it.
Damn Chelsea has all 11 men in the box
lolol that's fantastic
I'm just looking for a home on this planet
i wanted to go to the school of business one ._. but i suppose that will do
Trying to motivate myself on the bus ride home. Today kicks off Week 3 of the run/walk interval training. At least the weather is dope.
C-Force enroute (roadtrip) to visit T-Force for his birthday. Should arrive in Ann Arbor around 6:30 PM.
"Houdini" by Foster the People. Can't stop listening.
bumpin' your LIT cd?
Eric Wareheim says Pierre's coming back tonight! "What's your dad like?"
I don't see that option on Classic either. Can you fill me in?
yours is really good! I like it(: it's 10000000x better than mine at least
Tonight! Darrells Tavern: Ancient Warlocks, Market: Brad and : Hotels, Noddy w/Sports
Just picked up the 2nd to last CD in stock This is how I keep myself motivated in the middle of a 12-hr work day.
Hi, Texas!
Why are they wearing pots on their heads?
No problem. Also, just want to say Im proud that we and everyone at have managed to keep front page classy
lolol maybe your right?
For Rush fans, The Larger Bowl
Better Movie Soundtrack - Remember the Titans or Blow?
new users are comming to register our site. latest user is geoburge.
Hey! is going to be at #drupalcon !
RT : Do you know of any Indiana based, non-alcoholic, beverage brands?
Reppin my hood?? What a fucking moron!!!
is it wrong that I like on Twitter more than I like listening to their music?
Men are like purses, cute, full of crap, and can be replaced(:
We will be releasing our song One Notch Over from our E.P tonight!!!!! Check it on our Facebook!!
El Destructo in the studios
Ceck Out 's New Video On :D<U+2665> &&& Subscibe To Him If You Aren't Already :D
moving again?
appropriately buzzed, the coffee is strong and good!!!
Half day retreat this morning for the Chancellor's committee. Looking forward to some serious brainstorming abt the future of #edtech at VU.
82 degrees on Thursday..perfect for hh on their Plaza. Join us from 5-7pm!
Loving the new donor solicitation method from $25 for an exhibition label or light blubs for one display case, etc.
funny people on aaron.tv servers. hahah <3
Sore and stiff from your New Year's workout? A warm bath with epsom salts and then smoothing on some arnica gel may help.
"There aren't enough words to say how wonderful it is to be helping others achieve their dreams," - Julie, Mngr Oceanside
East 4th is supposed to be a nice area, but there was 5 different ppl out begging for money and my leftover food. They were all black males
Laast I heard, only 27% of residents there are 'native.'
Who is your lock NFL pick of the week?
Absolutely you should
I dont need me a basketball player all i need is somebody thats down for me .
reading Aaron Pulkka's outsourcing strategy
Oh my goodness. I need the full boyfriend video now. <3
Lines in Baraboo and Waupun..good for us. Moore race unbelievable turnout not sure if good though.
WARNING: I have officially been left unsupervised. I take no responsibility for what may happen in the next few hours.
With NBA & NHL playoffs both going on right now, & MLB getting into the season, way too much sports to keep up on!
pretty sure i'm cutting my hair off tomorrow. obviously i'm having some sort of crisis that i'm not fully aware of. yet.
Having the most chillest boyfriend>>>
checkmate she told her
I'm now dealing with my poor planning. What are the chances that I'll be able to follow the Vikings game while on the airplane?
LOL its one game. The Heat will have to lose at some point in a playoff game
I LOVE LOVE LOVE the new look and music. That morning show opening is just spectacular!
Heading to Jerry's! Come hang!
What the fuck is the matter with us we can't figure out if its lust or love.
"don't bro-gle me, bro"
I just realized how RIDICULOUS I look wearing short shorts, an easter egg lookin flannel, tigers hat, high tops..carrying a louis duffle LOL
<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0088> A true #TeamMayweather fan <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F>
For being so late you drive crazy as fuck!!
Just had a science test. I think i failed. >.< oh boy . . .
A mahomie is reading this tweet. A mahomie that isn't afraid to show their support for is retweeting this tweet.
Family Over Err Thang.
whole track would be great!
Very interesting concept!
sorry it took so long to respond. Klout shows your social network reach. It looks at your presence on f/b & twitter .
ILL show tonight
If u say u in love what the hell u fall into basically u fell into her game becuz she just playin u -_- SMH
Every local #SanDiego business should be on .
Yeah, unfortunately Obama HAS done a lot of things by now. They're just all bad things.
I got one... But in the midst of the shopping spee
I wish it felt like this in houston
- Congrats....he is a beautiful baby! (and a beautiful family) Merry Christmas - enjoy with your family.
I MISS YOU SO MUCH :( :( Im sitting on my bed and you're not next to me
good ones ladies!
I hope I didn't just gain back the calories I just worked off!
can't wait to enjoy another #Christkindlmarket in #Chicago today! Schnitzel, potato pancakes, and Glögg, oh my!
As I sit and watch time tick away I can actually hear my self slowly sinking into the cage with lock doors and no light
In Florida, the dolphins come right out of the water and onto the sidewalk." - George Castanza
your back<3 I missed you. Don't leave again k thanks(:
this easy money for Floyd
It is so amazing what God can do when you let Him...what will you allow Him to do for you?
Seems like a good idea, but you'll be back raiding the fridge in an hour.
Thank you! I'm trying...been 3 years so I need a refresher course! LOL
Orange leaf is amazing!
The only "B" word you should ever call a girl is "Beautiful" Bitches love to be called beautiful.
Stop acting like a crazy drunk teenager and be my mom.
mmmh yea ikr I feel like a lil kid
Enjoyed Buena Burrito's with my Bestie...nap time before work. It's <U+2614> out :-/
LOLL, I watched that three times. So dead.
could your boss call my boss.
Just a little tidbit, BM wear a belt many teens are accidentally shot police-chase thought "reaching for a gun" but pulling/holding up pants
Such peace I derived from your #worldsbiggestsummit Maintenance talk - thank you!
I'm good! How are you? Sounds like you're running a lot these days. That's great!
I keep reaching up to my face trying to push my glasses back up, then I realize I wore my contacts today.
Happy Mother's Day! All of you mommas out there are amazing! Today is your day.
"yolo. oh, you mean you only live until I kill you?"
Tryna get windows 7 on my mac to get on my
Is it? Why is that? Do you mean for students who don't know the language?
like the person that you bump into and 3 months later turns into the romance you were not expecting
We're OPEN! As always! And working it out!
ISO doc watermarked with my name "Licensed to Dr. Noveck Single user licence only, copying and networking prohibited"
To chilly for a milkshake? That's okay, we have juicy burgers that will warm you right up! Open until 8 tonight!
Thanks for all the tweets and love lately, kids!
+1! RT : +1 RT SG: Need proof of efficacy of online outreach - little quantitative data to support this
As an English speaker and non cataloger I find it difficult to get excited about, but I am happy to serve our community.
lol what U a ninja now?
Amen Brother! I couldn't agree more. :)
Watching penguins on the news in the studio.. So cute!! Lol
Of course LoC is member. Tom Ford from LoC is on #resourcesync list, post the WeBEx. We'll get invited to join.
Brainstorming. Been skeptical of 4% annual salary assumption in SDCERS that doesn't reflect history & ups liability. [+]
Over the years, I've found Coaches resistant to changing the way they teach tackling. Executive leadership must step up and mandate change.
Hahahaha your not the only one!
Something we're following RT : Tomorrow’s job numbers are based on hard data submitted by over 150k employers in Wisconsin to DWD
that im a pimp lol
I got a lot of things on my mind....I need to clean up something
it's ok Pete at least the playoffs are going well for you...
Kyle Singler should have been #4. Or maybe I'm just a little bias...
Make a list of all the positive benefits exercising has on your life. Post it somewhere that you will see it regularly to help remind you.
awkward and just wrong.
In case you haven't seen, check #funfreshfree for tweets on how to win a free session!
Gabby Bernstein is gearing up for a speaking tour around new book #spiritjunkie.Book an event in your city w/ us!
I said to my self I Live In HOLLYWOOD 99% IS Artificial.. How can you Xpect to Come across much of Real
Wow. The widow of Randy Pausch recently got remarried.
so crazy - they are saying he shot himself -_-
is a beast! Love that guy ... Go #Blazers!
where you going to be at in Minneapolis?
she a=said she don't like me... she think i care....
THANKS! looking forward to the link!
First show tonight. Enjoying singing w/these guys. In other news, I'm taking a #mixology class tomorrow.
well I hope you get better.
I'd catch a grenade for you.. Then throw it back.
I like tweetin on a phone its better than on a laptop ima tweet what I'm doin every hour for u guys.ty guys you made my smile more confident
Checkout my portfolio www.lipstickandlacemakeup.blogspot.com
Now following! Welcome Falcon fam!!
Thanks for the RT :)
Oh cuz she loving the crew
I still want to see the avengers
Looking at family guy and chilling
72° and sunny with a chance of baseball
#30QuestionsForAriana is #1 worldwide :) The power of Tiny Elephants
NEXT WEEK... IT'S GOING TO BE HELL....
Girl, Insanity!
Arguing a point is a horribly ugly thing! Introducing a provocative statement is as beautiful as the morning sunrise!
Reading tweets about #MilwaukeeDictionary is a good time-killer right now.
did you like it? That place is my favorite
Lmaooooooooooooooo! Im dying laughing right now Hahaha.
thank you!
Hmm, I can't imagine a tapered base looking good. Example?
i hope will follow me back
Im glad my cousin stayin out the bs , even tho her name was put in it!
Jessie J. - Nobody's perfect is so freaking good!!! Love the album!! =) #SWAG like a boss
That is what we all want to hear, Bills Nation is everywhere, when you come back south, you gotta stop by one of the Billsbars
Pontoons are like the minivan of boats
It's amazing how without that little 9volt battery we aren't playing shit!!
The WSJ and NEWS Corp. are idiots in the highest degree. I often wonder why I still call myself a CA Centrist Republican like Arnold
going home today?
Yea! I look forward to meeting you in a couple week at the Smithsonian Craft Show.
Happy birthday,
Yes, we're good. Excited about the new music, not quit finished but we can see the light. I'll tell Trish you said hello.
haha trust me
phone customer--transfer to a branch. sometime i feel like a secretary.
Dear Clark Middle School, I think we need to talk abt traffic flow for kids pickup/drop off.
Its a new week so this friday same shyt new people
Officially confirmed by NFL: Colts have told Andrew Luck they will take him with the No. 1 overall pick.
All donors want to be appreciated. Some, but not as many as you would think, want to be recognized.
tHIS SHITTY CABLE DOESN'T ALLOW ME TO VIEW
Been recording all day in Green Room Studios with Johnny now DJ-ing at Victoria Secrets at FlatIrons Mall for Big sale event! MY Life... ...
So Will I be saving up my money to buy a European Galaxy SIII or will Samsung not torture me by delaying its US release
So the tags in delicious's redesign look like links, have a pointer hover state, but aren't actually links at all. WTF?
Richard Stallman's talk begins expectedly: "turn off this screen it has Windows on it!"
I would argue that it doesn't allow teachers to do 'more', do differently... yes... 'more' - would need some data there.
nothin much at sylvia house watching movies. Wyd?
Eye doctors sure know how to fuck u over...
TODAYS FLAVOR: Green Tea & Pomegrante All-natural ingredients & flavors. Made in the ol'-fashioned way. You won't find anything like it!
Looking for a last minute live music fix? Come check out the Todd Bryant Band tonight, $3 ’s for everyone!
go to justinbieberneversaynever.co.uk if u a belieber
Thanks for sharing and taking a stand, Khloe. Almost everyone has had a brush with bullying.
Overdosing on sushi , I am fresh
Thanks lady! Right back at ya!
There is an abundance of corny folks in this world that will do anything for attention.
i just sneezed >.<
yes. Let's discuss tomorrow. There is one more episode...I saw the previews for next week!
Fairly certain principal said "under cod" during the pledge. I support this.
Never let the little head do the thinking for the big head. - (advice to teenage boys, quoted in Friendly Advice by Jon Winokur)
Just finished writing a story for the IHT about blogging.
hell yea.. and who the fuck is this drew dude? Lol
So Skylar went home!
Terminology -- "open government"
Your girlfriend want a nigga like me cause i ain't tryna control her.
Thinking Hotel Party?
Next Tues, 6-8pm, Mainstay Rock Bar, $5 cover -- happy hr drinks and appetizers. Come meet the Ad2 & board & (fellow) members!
yea so your mom called me. She is looking for you.
stop watching youtube and write records!!! Lmao
Wishing you all the best while you're there!
This kid beside me is weird..
Yeah I'm going back to bed.
Good Luck! Remember that we're here for any #HCG Q's you might have! :) RT Starting my HCG this weekend. Yikes!
hahaha thats's pretty funny Harry :) wonder who the better singer was? Obviously..... YOU! ;)
Wish I still lived in STL to participate in the book club! Take a look at our site for suggestions!
and you can skip a grade like that?
haha forreal though! Jason be doing her bogus but I do miss Kelly!
Is it harder to start your own fashion line or finance & finish your college education in 2012?
You have friends for life, and new friends and THEN you find a new connection with an old friend...and that is real and rewarding.
idk they were just gone. and it was a whole long process transferring it from my ipod to my computer
organizing the closet today…
Oh, so you write notes to my boyfriend ? When you have your own boyfriend ?
Fun times ": maybe my VDay would have been better if I spent it like last year... eating heart shaped sushi w/ "
I think its ambition u killed that shit
If you don't fail 90% of the time, you're not aiming high enough. -Alan Kay
NPS official testifies that agency will "very soon" start enforcing anti-camping rules against #OWS protesters in DC's McPherson Square.
April closed and in the Books! 1st Quarter a success. Onto May!
Reading One Day by David Nicholls. Insanely good but SO depressing. Think i need to take a break and look at kitten pictures.
No hummus :(
My heart stops when you smile at me. <3
Jan Brewer needs to give back her women card.
Michael Jordan >>>> Kobe Bryant
Eff. Itunes just deleted every app on my ipad2 wtf apple. Itll take hours to get them back.?Ur prgrming is shit. Thats why i jailbreak
haha so true
Thanks for an amazing weekend of talent fire & ice Pittsburgh!!
GREAT. next report: only 1 of those jobless new graduates found to be short and enjoy vegetables
This quarterback trading is like an ongoing domino effect, now what will happen to Mark Sanchez? Will it ever end?
thank you so much brother but you have already given of your time and we love you Man!! No more txts from your wife :-)
Super Mentor Program Group Studio visit tonight with Dani Dodge!
Thanks for responding!
Can mock trials predict actual trial outcomes? Yes the CAN, if done correctly.
Congrats to Safety Janzen Jackson for signing with the NY Giants. Another Coastal Advisors,LLC Athlete that is protected n insured by us.
are we going to get to see??
Im bored who wants to talk shit
Digital on ramps? W/ Poverty level of 26.7% & huge literacy issues in Philly, this on ramp, partners w/ agencies for anytime learning.
I wanna rule the world....for a day.
By far the best players, , , , and me all don't even play more than 6 innings each...
For once the Silver Stars can't pull it out in 4th quarter. Liberty win 81-75. Danielle Adams 19 points.
Coffee Bean. Better buzz. RT Finished tenth cup. Have glued wings to my arms. Am going to fly over to Starbucks and get more.
Well you lucky duck! I LOVE Europe. I've been lucky to visit a few times. It's so beautiful. The architecture is amazing.
Hello 8 am, how lovely to see you. Not.
hello pretty!
please DM him for me?
Something I want to do right now; SURF. <3
LearnZillion: Allows teachers to track student learning, effectiveness of lessons.
watching law and order... the show named after my byceps
Ben Jealous, Robert Townsend, Jeff Johnson, Byron Lewis just finished a powerful panel on mobile technology.
#NP jessica jarrell- Key to my heart!
That awkward moment when uu make eye contact with someone you didn't want to
I don't know about you but I am ready to be stuffed in more ways than one.
Don't feel good and can't sleep....but I'm back on twitter for now
Oh, but the best part is when you can say "srsly? Y makes more than X? HAS to be the chromosomes, not the skill."
Oh snap! It's my fav too! : oh my fav! : Don't Forget! Today's Flavors are: Chocolate Malt & Grasshopper Fudge
If you lose something let it go, but when it comes back, that's how you know
Time heals even the biggest wounds
Thanks, ! So glad you could come out! Great to see you again.
Taking all my rotc unifourms out my closet , I might just cry :/
this makes me so sad :(
uh oh! *INSERT EXCITING LINE HERE* how was your day girl?? (:
you should give a shoutout
send me that discography ASAP
I know what you mean doing nothing can be very boring
Waiting in a very long line to meet Carl Hiaasen
twin sisters cafe us close to the hotel. Green is veg with many gf-options, but It's a cab ride
Eww all of sudden my twitter smells like a Turkish bathhouse! Where is my Lysol?
Noticing a lot of #twitter #spam lately :/
My field was initially Shia Gnosis. Henri Corbin had sparked my interest, not personally, of course, in the 1970s.
Ahh good to know. I haven't used it yet.
why didn't you post this before I was suckered into 2 magazine subscriptions for $60? AND we gave those girls hot cocoa, too
Happy Sunday Chef Thank you! RT Super Sunday Salutations :-)
They call it "PMS" because "Mad Cow Disease" was already taken
Thanks for the RT
That works too-- AH. You scared me
We're both so lucky to have you!
Thank God the season is over, Brutal
Considering fetching my second G&M crabcake from the fridge. I always feel I'm cheating when not with Boston Royalty.
Tell it Rachel, tell it!
": BEST GLEE EPISODE EVA!" In a very long time!!..
yeah I feel kinda lame laughing so hard with no one else around haha. If they only knew lol
On New Year's Eve...#DickClark looked better than he had in years. :(
I'm not ignoring you, I'm just waiting for you to talk to me first.
we just received a ton of new bridesmaid and bridal samples!!! call or email us for an appointment.
Thank you !
The truth is, everyone around you is schemin. Whether it be in your favor, or against you.
I spent 2200 in jewelry for my sister n my mom n nothing for me
Today is Earth Day - Tomorrow is the start of National Dance Week --will you be dancing?
Today is why no one stores bricks or ammo near my desk.
Playing cool math on the computer cus everything is blocked smh
Hi Yogi, if u r ever n Atlanta visit my boutique.
on our way to meet with
My little bro turns 9 tomorrow s/o to him bro
Post office employees have shitty attitudes, Keith the postal worker suck big birds balls :)
I have a $50 off coupon for a Blendtec - we love our Blendtec!
#iloveyoubecause you know my faults & love me anyway
Waco has a lot of great musicians! Don't let them hide! Support your local artists!
is waiting for SILVERDOCS to end and wishes 4 more time in the day!
my friend forgot her umbrella again! she keeps coming to get it and every time she forget to take it!
Who's Jeremy Evans? And who calls him the human pogo stick?
A great reminder for keeping your family safe is to use your peephole before opening the door for anyone.
#RVA #NASCAR Sprint Cup Series is in town. Show our visitors what kind of community we are. #Drive with #patience and a smile!
Come watch us play at the Hotel Utah at 8 tomorrow!
Thanks Andy...it's always good to get positive feedback on this front...we're trying our best!
As I am working through the Guerrilla Marketing for Job Hunters 3.0 book, I am now discovering all these amazing companies in the Orlando a…
": "MOM COME HERE IT'S IMPORTANT!" "What?" "Can you turn my light off?""
Rt me if u want a shoutout (must be following me) :]
Crazy ass night.
Looks awesome! Thanks for the tweet. Will check it out in more detail soon
when is your red neck ass rolling into Eau Claire??
im just gonna chill a little.. brb
why cant she talk to me):
LOTS of Artist Audio up now! Pistol Annies, Reba, Casey James, and more, on music & on the 10 year anniversary of 9/11!
you are a great resource. Keep it up!
Just wrapped up a beautiful traditional Asian style photo shoot w/ Leo Pham, new beautiful pics soon!
My sister goin to jail right now life feels like hell I feel like getten on dem pills is this how my life is suppose to feel
Loving my pecan coffee today, yum! :)
He's so high!
The heart is a lonely hunter.
- You support Rush Limbaugh? #FAIL - Do the right thing and Pull your ads.
Kidnapped Israeli soldier Gilad Shalit's family will talk about the struggle for freedom on RADIOKOLAMERICA.COM
So fucked for tomorrow
The goat girls are cute as usual. You're not still on crutches tho?
I hope you have nightmares about prom girls bullying you tonight.
hi there! The team would love to connect in Austin if you're around!
happy happy birthday from the boys at !
looked soo cute on Jay Leno. wait not cute. thats soo wrong. more like..... SEXY!!! :P hahaha
done, need 20 mins at the hotel and then we can meet for a dinner somewhere
Savannah: Babies are cute! Me: Yes!!! Savannah: *silence* *Mr. Marmara walks by* Me: MY WATER BROKE!!! -Savannah dies laughing-
Going back to my acting class tomorrow. Been a while...
NASCAR on CBS, Golf on both ABC and NBC, dolphin-spotting(?!) on FOX, and no #worldcupfinal anywhere?
hehe<U+2665> Her voice is so flawless there and so powerful! i love this song! did u hear her do that really high pitched note?<U+2665>
RT Yeardley Love's mother and sister are also in the courtroom. Both are wearing light pink.
Thanks for the mention!
Lets Trend This!!! #PrayForNorway!!!
Rub it on her ass niggaz kno I'm disrescpectful
#backintheday Cartoon underwear was the shit.
I will be the driver :D
I've always wondered if someone I liked has liked me too, but never told me.
MAKING A WISH AND HOPING you WILL FOLLOW ME <33333333
no thanks! Haha!
what u on folk
RT : Innovating Your Creativity Will Give You An Advantage In The Global Marketplace.
Congrats to my babies! my brother & brothers from other mothers are growing up! Love y'all!!
Dreams are today's answers to tomorrow's questions
"I want a snowfall kind of love - The kind of love that quiets the world." ::ingrid michaelson::snowfall::
RT : It's harder to convince people you are sane than to convince them that you're mad
Every image you use online or offline has rhetorical implications. Know what or who is being shown and, most importantly, why.
If I was going to change my last name it would be "boudiette" (). How cool is that?
Dropped dog off for boarding. Now late breakfast, home to pack. Hopefully finish Kill Bill V1 directors cut
Why are we okay with a state sponsored poor tax that encourages behavior that will lead to staying poor? #really?
Best working lunch in a long time! And now, back to my regularly scheduled conference calls. Happy Friday, folks :)
actually yes I have--twice in last month---airport at Orlando is chaos!!--i recommend you get there at least two hours early!
I finally found out what that duck head app is at the end of that Sprint commercial. My life's not complete, but wow, Bucket list? CHECK.
so true... :) Have a great day full of blessings.
What has life become when the party doesn't start until Sunday?
Put a grain of boldness into everything you do. - Baltasar Gracian
We'd be on Pinterest if we didn't fight over appetizers so often.
#makesmelaugh when my friendd just sits down nxt to me and strts eatingg a balloon tht she got off the floor. is she rlly tht hungry.?
I may have to start my own personal line.
It's Gallery Night! And in Milwaukee that means one thing: free wine!
i almost forgot how fast tweets come on here haha
FUCK YOU THATS WHY WE ALREADY KNOCKED YALL OUT.. made it farther then you
Happy to say that I will see one of my cousins and his family after many years tomorrow! So excited! His son is in his #historybee!
still going to the mall?
Hungry? Don’t drive, we’ll bring our pizza right to your door!
it's only on friday, they changed it today so there's NO open gym tomorrow just on Friday !
6: Number of days until new Toni Morrison novel released.
Pagan with a rbi fielders choice. #Brewers down 2-1 in the 1st.
RT : SM: will soon be available in French, German, Japanese, Portuguese, & SPANISH, as it goes global this year.
Check out , Graphic designer and personal friend of mine! Any recommendations on a UI/Graphics Designer?
i wouldnt trade a dollar for a life, but i would do whats in my heart nd trade this dollar for a mic
hola Edwin, si me encanta los Heat, Dolphins y los Marlins, pero tambien los Yankees y Giants.
2014 G P.J. Thompson from Brebeuf ( ) will be in attendance for today's Butler game.
... we wil..l.we must...we must not allow BHO tohave the pick of 4 Justices...
Another great event last night at Blu!
once again, i have an email from a college student in Adv. asking me for something w/out establishing WHY THE HELL I should bother
Rihanna's song about finding love in a hopeless place has shockingly few lyrics.
Gonna take a walk in a mo
NEVER MISS A #SONG!!!
You know, if I was best friend, she wouldn't have gotten into the trouble she got in. I am proud if her for being good now.:)
Local students bringing Disney characters to life
Follow me and I'll get you out of summer school ;-)
You're welcome! I'm settling in to my new pad. With everything going on, moving was a pain, but I got it done! Fixin' it up now.
Aint' in my game plan.
When it comes to life, the critical thing is whether you take things for granted or take them with gratitude.
that just means we'll need to be intentional and find some time to grab a cup of coffee!
gingerbread is great! I burn it with the apple candle and it smells like apple pie. :)
RT , : "Hey Caitlyn..I think you're in one of my briefs..." - AKAdemyAward's #entertaining statement of the week.
I bet you're really hoping he sees this convo... XD oh Brooke... You so silly :P
Welp about to finish this paper up
don't feel like going to the academic awards <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
Can't wait to go to southbeach
why is you BoyFriend mad lol #does he hate Dustin lol
b/c refs looked in stands and thought it was pitt home game. home team call?
Looking forward to being on the show tonight!!! :)
i followed him
ok, let me get a glass of water and get to typing...I have less than an hour..
why are you there on a wednesday?? And were you also a wobbler?
RT : RT tragic report of 31 dead in Afghanistan. Americans dead in 1 incident > al Qaeda left in Afghanistan
RIP Rapping Bum: "When you walk out UDF, I just pray you got some change lef.. Without a doubt, Buckeyes don't turn me out"
Went to Verizon to look at iPhones after my sol, I want one. Now, I don't want to wait anymore....
“: "Rules" of open journalism?Not rules, but 10 ideas abt what #openjournalism looks like >>” #openscholarship ?
What a phenomenal workout at the NY Sports Club! Time to get back into shape. Although one can argue that circle is a shape as well.
Middle school boys are so immature.... Smfh
#magnalogix is rocking it today with our intro special for all new clients. Contact us at 866.460.6611 for more info !
#MB is so Cute !
WELL I wore sweatpants and don't even own a senior shirt. #whatever #standout ....
hey yourself!! How is life? Work? Text me jeez lol
WORK AT HOME TIP: You have to want it! Your strong desire will be what motivates you toward success.
The Mets seem really good.
Thanks for the shout out!
Wow, someone on my train really smells. And there aren't any homeless people on board so whoever it is presumably owns a shower and soap.
Ashy Larry (Donnell Rawlings) was hanging with us yesterday.
Official never talking to anyone about my problems again thanks to you
Just woke up
#sljsummit10 Successful school libraries = ones that move beyond "gathering" information to "transforming" information to knowledge
What's wrong ? Stressed out with your finals ?
star trek enterprise done! in total must have seen 500+ STrek eps!! hope sthing of value is going into the subconscious.
Day Light Savings Time is approaching.. if you have a safe that has a time lock function remember to change the time on the safe!
Where's the beef? #80stweets Are we still looking for it? Gotta be bad by now!
Cereal > Chips.
Every time KU gets close they do something stupid. Time to step it up!
Matthew 5:18 For truly I say to you until heaven and earth pass away not and not a dot will pass from the Law until all is accomplished.
Following some new folks this AM: , and
Deep conditioning treatment much needed
How does pussy NOT turn you on? No offense. Just honestly curious. It's so damn good!
no no u got it all wrong. Use the Zoolander scene -- start blasting Jitterbug and spray her with gasoline
really wanna be in Miami right now :( next year. ultra music festival. count me in.
Anthony Wilson, Larry Goldings, Jim Keltner, god damn! Whale LA
I decided to create a new hashtag today. When I hear about undergraduate research that has an impact, I'm going to tweet
Thank YOU Kevin. RT : Just wanted to say thanks again to and for the great #chimobile meetup Thursday.
So im in class and my teacher starts singing i got the power and some other random stuff...i swear..
yep, that's the only way we could make it happen for you. Still a great deal! #wearentbarlouie :)
Ok guess I'll put my phone on the charger! <U+270C>
long, but good day. golf, work, friends, and family.
haha, my cousins wedding, it's pretty awesome!
I've been wearing hoods a lot lately for unnecessary reasons. Id even know y
I was pissed so not again will they get that $60 from me
even in the town cars? Too snug, no?
Guys, don't roll up your skinny jeans to make capris. It does NOT look good. And don't wear long, skinny shorts... -.-
Cheer up! St. Nick insured you! Wish he'd pay mine...oh yea, I am the old coot!
What about Kendall with Specialty Purebred Cat Rescue
hello thank you so much for the RT I'm having a great time being the guest tweeter today. Any guess in who I am?
Kobe u be iiigghhhtt
Enough of this nonsense. I'm switching to
My heart, it is breaking with this news.
Great talk. That went great
Makes me think of that movie Old Dogs. Not saying he's old and having a mid life crisis....just popped into my noggin.
time to carry on the back to back FT trend. GLGL
RT : is coming soon Let's help keep SF the greenest city in US by recycling badges. Bring a badge/lanyard to Camp. K?
Keds aren't your style? :) Thanks for the RT!
Glad you made it home safely! Looking forward to seeing you both SOON! Thanks for the Congratulations!
your priorities apparently need to be evaluated
The steel city NEVER gives up!
I think a Blue just turned Colin Fraser into a Horned Frog. Wow
If walking home with gorgeous new shoes is a problem!
Love, Laugh and Live, goodbye my little sunshine. I miss you.
Press Release
Spring is officially here and thanks to many volunteers the new trees we planted are starting to leaf out!
What a fascinating way to document the #LARiots 20 yrs ago:
My blood drains green and gold can't wait for the packers to start I'm going nuts aaron rodgers is my hero
you cant fight the tears that aint comin
That's my girl
Thanks for the RT Mr. Mayor!
you know school just started when everyone in class is silent like a nazi slave auction..
strategic planning for Circ units (Access Services), anyone done this before?
most deff! :) I have to see Mr. CHill and Mr. Wagler! ( ) those are my 2 fav classes!
Google must be a woman, it knows everything
im right outside!!!!:D
That’s a short uncle right there...
Merry Christmas and Happy New Year Stoners !!!!!! Let's hope for peace and prosperity for all.
Come check out our summer live music series in Red this Saturday. Usual Suspects will be performing from 8:30pm-11:30pm!
lol we love surprises! don't be scared if you catch us on a wacky day. we can't predict what happens on those days.
Fuck it. Good night.
i love your music! When are you coming to Charlotte?
Grr. The week before finals is *not* an appropriate week for me to be under the weather.
#inDanvilleVa Its Against The Law To Be Black.
im very excited to get home and get a burrito
Boarding a plane off to Hawaii!
I followed her (:
alright its cool you didn't have to say i told you >:/ kiddin :)
M...cookies.
I love clickin links and finding great songs..:-)
hey!!!! You still here??
miss my peeps too!
&#39;Chinplant&#39; is the latest prom night must for U.S teenagers
sorry about that. I was scared to call in and then I saw that and thought Great, I sounded stupid. LOL! Sorry!!
Happy Holidays to everyone. May you have a WONDERFUL holiday season filled with happiness, love and laughter surrounded by family & friends.
You are rocking the mullet though!! ;)
follow me
They've "played a normal game" every day of their life for the past 4 months. Let them go out and toss some passes around IMO.
<--Hates ice, unless it's in her drink
A dentist pulled out all of her ex-boyfriend’s teeth after they broke up. Why keep that appt? He's lucky she didn't reach for the drill.
Thanks to , , for joining today!
trees in the dark. They were like relatives he had known in another lifetime. They were indifferent and intimate.
Screw Team Edward and Team Jacob, I am Team Rocket all the way.
When your plan is to play hooky, the time change thing really doesn't come into play ;-)
If you don't vote, you'll get what you deserve .REMEMBER the 2000 election with Bush vsGore? 8 years, 2 wars ,bankrupt ,recession,jobs-gone.
Off To Cheer! I Don't Cheer Cause It's Fun.. I Cheer Cause It's My Life.
Keep it up and come visit me in September at Miller Park!
no one even likes you
How much do velcro banners cost these days?
TREE OF WOE DOUBLE STOMP DANGEROOOOOUSSSS. Very good match from & !
Loving #American Pickers on History channel - fave lines: "I am Junk Drunk" and "This could be a Honey Hole"
Cheesecake factory!!!
God is SO good! I'm alive & well :-)
I love you for this
So many people leaving 1D for the Janoskians.. :/
I wan't it, I crave it. I just can't get enough....Take me away
Dancers are the athletes of God. ~Albert Einstein
Utterly impressed by the number of songs in Wanda Jackson's catalog. Prolific.
omfg seriously i hate this place and most of the ppl here .
Soo CLOSE to 500 #followers Ah!!! I gotta get there!! lol
Thanks for including us in your Daily!
I'm holding out for the 1D version. Just a line across the screen.
woohoo! Can't wait to see everyone! It's gonna be a trip lol
alsummz find sum good ones cuz there is alot right?
I hope the nuggs can pull it off!!! 2 minutes to go. Come on I believe in you!!!!!
Booth is setup. Ready to find my friends.
#SIS419TUN "The power is in you" - loved the video
Must be a girl eating at He better be smart about it, but after that office pay phone call I doubt it.
Maybe I was channeling the cat, and the cat wrote it. Be afraid. Be VERY afraid.
Hey Vegas aficionados, where should i watch the Bulls game tonight? Staying at Vdara, near City Center.
Oh an you're the only 1 over there I've told, I'm not ready to be judged yet LoL an I dont want some skank stealing my idea!
you promise?
Today has been a really good day! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+009E>
Aw, thx Luce! MT : A terrifically fun nite thx 2 a fab audience, a clever cast ,& a host w/the most ()!
Is that Dwayne?
Happy birthday !! You are a great man! <3
Finished a draft of a new handbell arrangement. NOT a labor of love; my youth ringers have been after me to do it, so I had to...
Goals and objectives are important to your market plan. successfulblogging.com for more info.
Timmy P says the Flyers have "sincere" interest in re-signing goaltender Michael Leighton. Interesting.
I love it when I sweat and work really hard in class. It just feels really good.
yhu r welcome so watsup wt r yhu up too:) and can we text?
Working on my new video!
oh my god, why does this have to be SO cute? WHY?
H.O.R here i come
I hate when people get pissed at my opinion, especially if they asked for my opinion
hm, I know, it's a tough one right? lol XD
OUTspoken Radio LIVE Tonight on LA TalkRadio!!
follow back
Just finished making my amazing Mexican Chicken soup w/my homemade bone broth. Husband is sweating-kind of spicy!
YES! Been saying that for years. Still have one of his demos.
4 days till summer #finally <U+2600>
FYI: I had a salad for lunch, so don't be fresh.
You have 8 seasons to watch!!!
"Kentucky Derby by Taco Bell" RT : Using the Yum name is not smart-Pick a brand-No one has an affinity for a holding company.
But did you give 110%?
CAN I PLEASE GET 338 MORE PEOPLE TO FOLLOW ME PLEASE ??? IT WILL MAKE MY DAY
Graphic Design Solutions & Brand Development. Call or email today for a quick quote. Email: Call: 858.336.8906
It's been a long but amazing day! Goodnight, luvs!
Kipnis with a two run home run to put the Tribe on the board
Reverbnation is kinda stupid ...
im great how are you??
i can't explain this shit at all.
Happy Thanksgiving. May everybody get to enjoy a delicious meal today;)
What's your favorite Shakespeare play, and why?
So excited for tomorrow at The Loft w/ , , , & ! So stoked!
If you know someone who could use our #fly services please don't forget to mention us this #FF! ;)
I'm watching the pot episode of Roseanne today! So excited for the new pilot, you guys are really great: )
You worry about those fighters. I'll worry about those towers.
I'm bout to make a major powermove!!!!!
K1 is coming down today. Fresh off the vines. Lunch Special buy one gram get one half off Noon to 2:00pm
I miss so much ppl right now. Can't wait till summer I'll have time for all y'all no worries :))
Thanks. It's been a good start to 2012
Y R U Here Not Giving Me Becky I Mean R U Serious ?.Its Problems Bitch.
MT : If Congress doesn’t act, over 7 million students pay double interest on student loans starting July 1.
#loanmod #corona who nee a free loan mod no joke, you pay nothing it's a state program
the 40/50 price for mondo posters doesn't cover much for other posters. Though I have success buying old one-sheets for less
#ThatAwkwardMoment when your looking for something to watch, see Good Luck Charlie and then see it's the Christmas special then freek out :)
Happy Friday, #GoCanes!
Thanks, , , I bet Hal was also thinking of how #gbs might have been monetized, too.
That guy in the CareerBuilder commercials with all those monkeys has got it pretty good compared to this BS.
Look 4 new- www.loyalty360.org coming mid June, & the next Edition of Loyalty Mangement and info about www.enagementexpo.com #le360,
Gave that bitch a dick in her mouth. Bitches love dicks in their mouths.
Met great new faces today that would like to be a party of the Vietnamese Community for the next term
I say one thinq n he does the complete opposite
congrats homie! You've done well
Harsh description of Drew Carey, no? RT not a big fan of the picture of that hot dog behind home plate at the Indians game.
with my dad && Josh && Mother tomorrow i cant wait shopping, Josh lucky my step mom said by far the only dude she liked since i moved here!
We're our own brat pack.
I used to want to work in advertising and marketing..
Was on the verge of buying tickets to Wango Tango this year. Then I realized its the same day as my brother's wedding.
Happy Birthday Mark Fayne! :D
shut up. but i bet he ddnt do any exsercise program. i bet he just hit puberty. stupid guys with their stupid growth spurts...
thank you so much! do you have favorites?
At the DCAEYC meet & greet with Hosana Mahaly, State Superintendent and Annette Bridges, Assistant Superintendent for Early Childhood
Support the artist that show you they work hard and make great music. Listen to my sound tonight and you wont be disappointed
Breakfast Blend in the French Press=a great morning!
Awesome, sending something over now, thanks!
of course
Malloy to issue Conn. school breakfast challenge
Why do really big people like to drive really small cars? (mini coopers, bugs, jettas). I'll never understand it....
Was it you who I was talking about seeing some hot pitcher at the opening day ceremony?? lol.
yeahh we should!
how much from billionaires?!?
I havent pulled a prank in forever..gotta get my name back out there
W/ political and economic turmoil in Eur. Possibility of exit of Greece, where will growth and funding of 19bn pa come from
hey twitter noobs, heres a quick tip. you dont have to put hashtags in every tweet, its okay though..we understand
I hope work wasn't too terrible. <3
Well damn ur welcome
I am here.... just busy.... with work. should call me
Forecast for Tonight: Mostly cloudy. Patchy fog overnight. Lows 52 to 58. Light winds.
“ Studio Today Can't Wait To Make This New Music For Yall” newshit for the streets¡!!!!
The #Shelby #MarchingBand was playing 's #BadRomance!!!
Welcome to Twitter, Mr. Ricks!
What I don't get is why indefinite detentions of Americans comes AFTER we kill the leader of Al Qaeda. When does this end?
We could do lrng space tumblr pages like 's kids :)
get it brotha before u lose the chance.
I think I just got subtweeted <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Can't wait for the Manchester derby today! Less than an hour until the 7:45 am eastern kickoff.
Loved that footage of Blade and Patitucci! Thanks for sharing.
then we could bedazzle that shit We'd make millions!!!
Cir. Judge Lynch (USCA, 2d Cir.) rules in Ins. Co. of N. A. v. Pub. Serv. Mut. Ins. Co. case dealing with reappointment of arbitrator.
YES I DO.
I am currently busy being at school. Learning to make flow charts in Engineering.
just got a new macbook 2.4 Ghz! looking forward to some extreme testing.
i just discovered your work. and i'm better for it. esp. since i'm in the bay, too.
Cant give ties for the lord
Ask youth what words they use for sexual exploitation. Hint: they generally won&#39;t self-identify as victims. Claudine O&#39;Leary
every day I woke up to the same shit,same kicks, same house, with the same brick, I might as well be in jail
Trains today
yup they go to Horizons
Get it back get it back bitch I kno I got it back already
You know you're addicted to coffee when Instant Coffee takes too long.
This is awkward...
enjoying the sound of silence right now. Hopefully showing the house tomorrow...
You wont bring me down, i've got my feet on solid ground.
#np Frank Ocean - American Wedding
Just checked out ur site. stunningly beautiful. :)
what am i doin here????????? i should b getting my party ON in my bleach blonde bangs in Latvia!
Great stories from Clay and Neal at lunch today.
Loved it thank you....now I want to go to Italy!
Good thing my bday is After Lent.. this no chocolate choice would b rough.
On zee way home :-)
Bill, I'll ask Sam your question next
It's production weekend at — Issue No. 6 coming 2/15! #sf #newspaper (Send coffee, please! #livinginthenewsroom)
hahaha love you too! You're what I've been looking for <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
The Band remains the best band.
how would you like to see dh people use "archive"? can you show example where it's misused and then restate in way you like?
I GOT MY WHITE BITCH!!
It's kind of cool how something like the shuttle can turn all of us into kids again. Fun to watch the fly-by with the crowds on DC rooftops.
You would be a great addition to the show! Go try to be an extra :)
That's an incredibly giant knot in my throat.
it would be cool if you could take a look into some artists for our Dj has been killing NYC
is giving "where have you been" crocodile realness
Headed to for a little 1/3..
At the barbershop bout to try something new
thanks for the sketch retweets fam
The world is moving so fast these days that the man who says it can't be done is generally interrupted by someone doing it. ~Elbert Hubbard
Hey can you please RT I'm a huge fan!!
write write write
Science of Relationship is STARTING 4:20pm. Come to SeaCliff Room to learn how to build stronger relationship w/ your customers
Having a good stay in Dallas? Good to have you here. :)
What's the definition of Determination ?? Watch Lebron James
But you would have to be awake to do that!
Blind Fury just killed it on Freestyle Friday
She lets me get pretty close. It just takes forever for the camera to focus. I'm a new photographer.
its really hot out.
Lmaoo look at u RT : Yup. That game 7 loss last night was just terrible. Wait what? That was only game 2? Look atchu RT
Last night of our 80s tribute with Heartbeat City! See you in the Pier Bar at 8:30! SMILE BIG!
WAAAambulance. why are wrap dresses always the most expensive in designer's lines??
A shout out to the Knicks. Coached by my home boy and college class mate Mike D'Antoni
Guess im out here.
Really narrow in to "who" you're writing your content for and what you want them to do.
can you tweet mee? c: pretty please? <33
Thanks for sending that content along yesterday. I should have anything I need!
Setting up Twitter Account!
Wear contacts? wash your hands thoroughly before putting them in or taking them out. Wash with soap and water thoroughly!
That was a pure jump shot in Bloomington
Thanks for being such wonderful hosts on Saturday. It was great to meet you all!
Just turned the game. 7 goals already for Pittsburg? What?
Happy #Milwaukee Day! HAPPY #414mkeday ! Yayyyy
haha it's going to be delicious
sipping on something I can't pronounce - usually a good sign.
ok good. So your a singer and songwriter huh? Saw your YouTube link your pretty good :)
They say when you out of school for a while u start to miss it eventually. Nah, not in my case.
Yay! That's the best. I hope to be mommying one day as well.
on the concrete sidewalk. silly dog
And we get to watch them all grow up!! :-) So much fun!! :-)
lol omg RT : If we get stranded on the island, I want you to eat me
ELLE MORGAN FOREVUH we love you too JUSTIN BIEBER!!!
hey Pete. U guys ok up there? Some big time storms and tornadoes ripping thru....
This week is going by really slow.
Twitter is funky tonight cause I followed you 30 minutes ago, Avery!
I'm so weary of the fight; there's so little left inside me.
Maybe the LRAD is what we get for decades of shitty basement shows
The best leaders serve out of love.
this is interesting. I think Seattle is kind of a mini bay area in terms of startup activity
whatcha got planned for us next saturday DJ ? Busy planning some cool hot FX 4 PPL 2 DANCE 2
on the real, though, Ronnie Gant was my favorite post-Murphy.
no long issues unemployment insurance checks. Issuing debit cards instead saves #CA millions in mailing costs
Peeta is a bread, not a man.
RT : "He who accepts evil without protesting against it is really cooperating with it" ~
That's not BAFTA, it's yer huge melon!
If I have a booger in my nose. Please tell me instead of just looking at it. Lol
There are days
lol yes it was me! :) we were in the riviera mayan area!
how are you? How is So Cal treating you? I was down in LA for a few days last week and it was nice!
Thanks. And that's what you get for listening to GOP naysayers!
Fire alarm went off. I'll take that as a signal to find a different way to cook my asparagus.
Seems like Sonics are many times next to a car wash.
I'm stuck at a friends event and then design reviews all day and tomorrow. Drink something good for me & thx for map
I love to see eldery people whom embrace their age yet look very fashion forward WITHOUT trying. Good to see they know they still got 'it'
Pretty sure Josh Hamilton just hit another home run even though the game is in a delay. He's just that good.
NJoying the 1CityAllstar Extravaganza kickoff Banquet@ Washington Plaza Hotel!
It's spouse appreciation day (thx ) - go follow and partake in her yummy #dessert blog heaven!
mad about what
WILL YOU MARRY ME?!
We watched Goodfellas after the Oscars tonight. Scorsese has that effect on us!
had an amazing cherry-popping 14/48. Thank you Steering Committee, , all the artists, volunteers, and staff. So amazing.
But you guys probably already guessed that
Enjoying experiencing the U2 concert at Fordham U on GMA. Love the line I just heard, "Is it true that perfect Love drives out all fear"?
far away right?
"I wanted to lick so I did," the forensics officer told police...
Well baby im feeling single, lets have a feature.
im Older baby!!!!! yeah
I speak for all cyclists when I say, thank you for not doing it while driving. <3 <3 rt Doing makeup on the bus..not that easy.
The ACS stuff is clear - just trying to compare with some individual plans for my family to get costs down if possible.
going to this weekend
lightning striking<
season is long, maybe I'm forgetting but that was NOT a game this team wins last year. little power yet but more grit.
Dream and Breath of a sweat surrender.
April 25 Brokerage Comedy Club I will be opening up for Carl LaBove 8pm!!! Do it !!
Our delicious Chicken Risotto Soup is back at Bella Notte! Hearty cream soup with grilled chicken breast, Arborio rice & sweet peas.
I hope this helps.
MATHS=Mentally Affected Teacher Harassing Students
moving at the speed of mercury need neptune and earth to move at the same momentum and pace or I will be perceived as in retrograde ;))
I think so too
Kari Jobe has the sweetest voice it is not even fair
So, most people that go vegetarian say they miss things like bacon and hot wings. But really, I just miss Lucky Charms and Poptarts.
Storm team&#39;s path rolls through Coral Springs
I'm telling ya...the #ravens defense just got better. And that's scary.
“The only way to keep your health is to eat what you don't want, drink what you don't like, and do what you'd rather not.”
I #BELIEVE that will notice me #SOMEDAY!!<3
stop pointing your ass at my eyeballs
#PremierLeague 2011/2012 season of the racists... what a joke absolute
guess who also ha a date
#Halo lounge is the move tonight !!!! stop by & say hello !!!!
watch the coachella performance, that should answer the question :-/
I mean the former!
Chillin at work, knocking stuff out, thinking about our tour!
RT : www.These3Guys.com on its way designed by cc:
How are things going over there, by the way??
you are beautiful! Love your hair in that pic
thanks for the early morning editing assistance
Want McDonald's workers to start saying "your place or mine?" instead of "for here or to go?"
Share With Friends: | | Hobbies - Arts And Crafts - Drawing Stories , News Feeds and News via Feedzilla.
Just over a week till key west.
I'm old school big time. The next gen doesn't do instruments. Bruno Mars has won me over.
I'm All Over Your Wall Right Now, haha!!
As G Baby would say... "We goin to the ship!"
#thebachelorette Nice to meet you. Lol. It must be a southern thing.
who felt the earthquake up here in Boston?
Let them eat figs! LOL :)
Aw, thanks! It might be a bit too girly for you - LOL! But thanks! :)
Prepare to be uncomfortable for 380 pages.
Tragic story. Our schools have to be safe for all students. #safeschools MT Jaheem Herrera vigil
Dylan said/sang it best... there's no success quite like failure, and failure's (really) no success at all. Yet another setback...
What is your opinion of Adam having been in the house with him? He seems to be a lot of talk, no action.
your going to be an actor are well im 100 percent will be a director but are you a boy or girl cause wait till people see thismov e
weird al, right?
In Tempe to see ZZ Ward at Red....start early, finish late...it's the Weekend after all!!
School tomorrow ughh honestly I just don't want to go to Katz'S class -___-
Good to meet you last week. I hope we cross paths again soon. What's your email address at the station?
saw on news there's a Cat Cafe where u bring your cat. Aside from me not liking cats I wouldn't wanna eat where animals were nearby!
Still hungover from country thunder...big time beer shits this morning!
Is in an awesome epic mood. :)
Morning everyone! Have a great week! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Going to Q&A here, with about half an hour left.
For sure.
never say never , i play boyfriend over and over agian , i love you and the song , follow me maybe <33
I send ONE line of my novel to and he tells me I'm writing the Russian 50 Shades of Grey.
looks so hot in her Playboy pictures.
You love me for who i am, like the stars hold the moon. <3 HateLies<3Trust
shhhh, keep that a secret
The Grand Mufti of Deoband, Mufti Azizur Rahman (R), would himself go buy & deliver groceries for the needy & the widows.
Congratulations to & on their impressive wins last night at Scott Trade Center catch the replay on
#fridaylistens Finished A Trick of the Light by Penny - an excellent addition to the series & started I am half sick of Shadows by Bradley
You're welcome...nibble nibble ;)
Shark Week, you've done it again!
cinema would create vertigo
Whatever you imagine, you can achieve. Once you realize this truth, no one is going to be able to stop you. (via )
Lost a follower .. Fuckem
Just finished reading an amazing play named: Apartment 3A by Jeff Daniels. Fantastic read!!
Fighting for peace is like fucking for virginity.
My copy of Write More Good by just arrived.
Congratulations on your new deal at CBS. When do you move out of the closet at Studio 56 to a bigger stage? Miss you!CiaoBello
naw I was trying to get one at my base but I didn't have my 5 skill level yet ... But y'all got 135s out where u at tho???
Reading, making plans and enjoying the incoming storm and having a latte.
grimey gates Brooklyn Harlem make it happen
thanks bud!
haha smh just like a nigga. Go when you feel like it
Once you love someone, even after you move on, it always hurts to see them with someone else.
hello there! Wondering if the scrapple we sent made it into your skillet yet? If so, what did you think?
wow. I will have to check it out
Good Morning Tweeps
Hey it's BK, Do you have a favorite Classic Rock cover song at the moment?
Lead Gameplay Programmer - Wanted for an exciting new project (UK Based) contact .uk
thank you! :)
Guys,I have a dream. A dream 2 rep on my shirt. As a belated Bday gift 2me,will u let them know how AWESOME that would be?
Keeps stealing my lipgloss lol :p
#GamerPickupLines Are you a pikachu? Because you are shockingly beautiful.
WOW, is that what happened? where did you hear that?
Wow I can't believe you actually r taking the time to call some fans! So Awesome!! more celebs should be like you! <3 HNY
yes there is the issue that it's in SF. I'll be interested to see what they come up with
Dis nigga mad he don't got my computer. Bitch nigga Tre!!!!
YEAH .! Like , Miami . It's Scary There At Night . So Is Fort Lauderdale . xD <#
#Businessmajorproblems: spending 8 hours on a Sunday deciding whether we're 5th, 4th, or 3rd worldwide.
chiling with my friends :)
yes, very true. I think down here either you don't really mind it, or you really enjoy the rivalry. Unlike in Chicago
Cleveland's own super bowl: Case vs Reserve annually on Thanksgiving day, 1894 to 1953.
Yep, Gwyn it is....due April 18th!
Thank you for visiting us.
ENJOY NEW ORLEANS BIG HOMIE.S/O
Working on a pretty poppy design & getting anxious for these spring like days we have coming!
Ha! You are just down the street! (if you are at corp.)
Diplomacy - the art of letting someone have your own way.
I've been doing just fine with you out of my life and I plan to keep it that way (:
#GetRobertAndAlexOnEllen <3 and maybe can come too?? :D <3
I work with a broad that looks, acts and wants to be exactly like It's ridiculously annoying.
no. Why do you do this to yourself :)
Going to Ireland for #GOTDay oh and a wedding too.
I want to "Rockabout" on New Year's Eve and drink for free! #HRHPickMe Yes, I'm looking to get down on NYE! Join me at HRH
Got my blog up...now gotta figure out what to say..LOL!
Apparently, God has decided that Baltimore cannot have a decent baseball team and a decent football team at the same time.
Jack. I like squad members would make my evil choices feel ok.
My mouth will hate me by the end of the week!dentist,orthodontist and all the 9 yards
I love doing that!
thanks I apreciate the love my cd dropn soon I will.send u guys coppy
good luck. you'll need it...a lot of it.
RT Meet & review the work of more than 30 of SD’s most talented #wedding photographers & videographers at the Bridal Bazaar
Gonna go buy a new jacket and wallet since boca decided to tear mine to shreds this morning
i had to make a youtube playlist so i can listen to music tomorrow morning lmfao
I just slept for so long...
I'll be there! Are you going?
I just learned that Trent Reznor and Atticus Ross wrote the soundtrack for The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. I haven't been this excited...
Joining #artsmgtchat on behalf of - we are talking #socialmedia #strategy join us!
I had a fantastic time! Hope the dentist was ok.
I'll be at TriBeCa Film Fest panel "The Future is Short." Look out for Passerby blogs on the ever-changing industry.
Thanks for the love this month! #ff &
:O wheree?! what time?! i wanna meet you! <3
At the end of the day all that matters is I have a husband & family that loves & supports me unconditionally-everything else is trivial
I have an urge to bake with and ! I'm comin over!! :-)
Hit the gym with me so I know its real
sure thing! I'm a fan of #CSR #powerofwe "infrapreneurship" and "intrapreneurship" too. We should meet up in NYC sometime!
many ideas for 'wonder' issue in design evangelism class today. my favorite: roger federer.
When your sister star screaming I NEED TO PEE .... -_- fml
I doubt it will damage you.... :-)
thanks for retweet and support.
I just wanna see white denim again
Kind of impressed with the #indie rock selections at the Tanger outlet mall at exit 212. All stores jamming...
Careful not to burn the bridge you may wish to cross tomorrow ~ Lori Brewer
I love seeing you smile ((: <U+2665>
shrewd is not a bad word; I have to keep defending its honor as a positive trait to have! What do you think about the word "shrewd"?
We Scream .! We Shout .! We Are The Fallen Angels .! <3
Food is the connection between humans and "nature."
Im sorry Thomas but filet o fish is kinda gross :P lol
Sweat pants, and a over side t-shirt, I'm out the door, way too lazy to even attempt to dress!!!
Women&#39;s risk of osteoporosis in later life ¿doubles after early menopause¿
Noted! MT : Fashionable textual expressions a man shouldn't use: the emoticon for kissing, LMFAO, the absurdist variation ZOMG.
Polynesian/Island Hip Hop is on the rise & we would like to be involved in the movement!!
Thank you, Terri!
Sorry things feel rough today. The good news is it's generally temporary. Sending you happy mommy thoughts.
Not that I'm just waking up...
RIP DJ Mehdi, so crazy he was super young. He's in the history books for his music, he will be remembered
I know, it is already on Kidz Bop according to my daughter
Good morning!!! It's a beautiful sunny day in South Florida. Get out and get it!
the best thing about august is football season
Omg I started cracking up when the girl on prankstars was dancing lmao. #angels will do anything for you
I absolutely love my job. I am so lucky :) (Just wish we had upgraded tech. and more pay)
that's Rose's MO. He did the same at Memphis when they lost in the title game.
oh in that case I'm still gonna watch it!(:
I swear they hate me or something ! It will be worse in the summer
How cute are those mini nets?
barump bump. u here all week?
How da fuck you bout to be out.of sweet & sour sauce ?
#ThingsThatGetMeUpset the condition the world is in.
Timmy the bullshitter more like still no fucking no and im all out
follow up app sent to bungie, really hoping to hear something back since it would be awesome to work there! next up: Riot & Naugty Dog
they both rocked but it was the OMG girls that won
hells yes. Go to truett-huerst just down the street for a top off.
Told them I could only work from 4 to 6. I'd think they'd say never mind but they didn't.
That's the sole reason I got certified. Didn't want to be left out of job pools. Certification is big in TX.
oh Chris Isaak how I love thee
Hi, my name is ______ and I like orchestra.
follow back?!(:
hey Ke$ha please follow me! I'm a big brazilian fan & I would be very happy if u follow me! Please xoxo
Attending!!! Can't wait!
Look at Francisco giving up the first run of the game in the 9th
thanks, but I'm hitting up red robin now!
Julien on #Bruins' top offensive players: "... We needed more out of some of those guys."
Today is just one of those days. No matter how much coffee I drink , I'll still be tired
have respect for your clients. just because they don’t understand the web, doesn’t make them stupid
Aw. :( Someday, we shall meet in the meatspace.
Got big plans next weekend.
Kids outgrew the Muppets but I can't. RT Street: Grover: I like my name. “Grover”. It has a nice ring to it. So does the name Belle.
NFC might provide a workaround in near term, but for long term, photo rights policy frameworks need to adapt.
Who is Gary?..Gary Coleman?..The name Gary is pretty funny.
None needed - it's just an observation.
All I can think about today is frying up some crawfish and eating them like decadent popcorn. Mmmhm.
this day has just been too much!!!
Nahmias caught one that was almost 4 ft and they said they've never seen one get that size
So, upload the first ("choose file"), then click the little picture icon and enter the URL for your own hosted image. Make sense?
Hey Joe!
Ugh....I need to find an apartment
4 humans trapped by Holden Hall! Zombies come help!!
Late night showers >
RT Private companies contract with prisons for prisoners' labor: phone centers, Dell, Victoria's Secret, Starbucks, McDonalda
The prettiest smiles hide the deepest secrets. The prettiest eyes have cried the most tears. And the kindest hearts have felt the most pain.
Great article! I wish I was able to comment on the post ;) Very applicable to #SharePoint!
I am now an honorary member of the Ten Faces of She, Sphere of Sisters. :)
What is w/all these tweets? Is it really that big of a surprise that gov officials are monitoring social media ahead of the NATO Conference?
What Why Where When
We are watching it again.
A chocolate malted crunch flavor! Why must malt and milk always go hand in hand? I say, malted coconut milk!
It's pretty gold in here.
Alera Reception Lounge Series Sled Base Guest Chair on $71.99 ...
About to see #TheAvengers again, this time in 3D.
BroLies# is drunk
Happy Spring! We're celebrating by ordering Chilean fruit! Malbec, Carmenere, Pinot & Chard coming soon!
We are going back to Texas!
Nice! Are you going??
Up bored
Thanks for following me Danek!
Let's get all hopped up on smang and make bad decisions
- I didn't know you were five years old
I needa get my daughter outta me. . . Like realtalk
I"d never seen Scott Pilgrim vs. The World, but this is a pretty okay movie.
I just joined and
My guy U can have her cus I already had her, stuck her wit da dagger, made her scream wen I stabbed her. Lol
How about
Mic check. #OWS: I am a supporter. But what is the second act? How do we effect the change? Tents & marches won't do it. Cf. Iraq invasion.
i told my bff that her job was to get them to play for me for my 40th. i think i'm going to be sorely disappointed!
Having one of those days when you realize you have screwed up in 50 ways.
One way ticket to flight school. weeheww!
:-) lookin forward to it
RT : Anybody know of 2 - 4 person country or jazz band in Columbus that would play for $500 or less at the fairgrounds?
Took a good ass nap:):)
“: #Indy ban on smoking in taverns finally passed - Yay! I can wear leather jackets out at night again. #smokingban”
Aw shitttt. Chillini on a movie marathon with midnight showing of John carter IMAX 3d.
Thanks for the Like, George Williams!
No way!!!! Cool-Aid is way better!!
Hello self. Hey self, can't talk, on my way to a meeting. The definition of "meeting yourself coming and going." My life.
actually we will see next round when they get put out
halfway done.
yea, it's where ur focus needs to b : )
Thanks for support! is to blame for that 2000+ bump
Got the cast lined up for the Sparks trailer…building the "Bluddha" dashboard ornament prop now!
What about your friends
I really don't want to study right now..
U go Miley!!!
Favorite part of Mayor Sanders speech so far is the AT&T app challenge. $50k is no laughing matter!!! Let the app race begin!
love how my hair hang && just blows freely in the wind
does he deliver?
Now accepting cash, money orders, personal/certified checks, change, & food stamps for my clothing collection. Won't you help
ikr i love them
let's go lol
Do I have to delete the fantastic and performances off the DVR?
how much are the tickets ?
You could look all over but you'll, you'll never find. Hot shit like mine. It blow your mind.
Why did I want to win? Because I didn’t want to lose! – Max Schmelling
How wonderful! I will look forward to meeting you & sharing a few howls in Montclair.
yaaay! That will be awesome!
I'm going to be playing a show at Room 5 this coming wednesday! Details soon!
we're previewing our whole new album, Don't Kick the Whiskey, on our facebook page in one hour!!!!
Al Gore willing it will be soon!
stuff like that is fun...the drunken bar arguments is solo annoying, and overdone.
Lazy Sunday with , and ! Much needed after dancing all night.
OMG. A one time only suprise for the 19th. Hope this goes through.
Indead, er, indeed I did! Good lookin' out, Stealthy.
Ah, got it. Big oil could profit by changing it's direction. Instead they've just kept on drilling.
Consumers bought a record 52k gas-electric hybrids& all-electric cars in March-up from 34k during the same month last year
I kinda feel like Instagram went from something cool to something standard.
omg that would be soo funny :)
Lol u old ass grandpa ass need a life insurance plan asap ass mothafuckas is hilarious! RT :
Good morning! It's foggy out there.
is getting the silent treatment
Yay!!! Best thing i ever saw! Just made my day ;P should know what im talking bout Lol :D
don't get impatient when it takes too long & drink it all even when it tastes too strong,i gotta feel alive even if it kills me.
Just snagged tix to BILLY BUDD at the Met Saturday night. A shipboard testosterone-fest!
MONDAY (cont'd) - Oh yes - back to crime fighting. Busy week. Looks like the thugs didn't take time to watch Basketball.
Hope everyone is having a wonderful day! It's beautiful down here in Atlanta!
Pre-itch marriages. (Is that a thing?)
you shouuld be able to
Going to the Cleveland International Film Festival at the end of the month? Stop in and pick up your Film Guide today!
Rose kills it with a three-ball
I'm so tired
Hmm, yeah. The man has probably not made an original film in a long time but most directors don't write their own material.
Nice shot! That's a big crew. Thanks for celebrating at The Lube!
I'm sure u heard it all b4 !!! Alls good in Morgantown ??
yah she better slay
haha same here! At least Disney is so close I can taste it!
It would be wonderful if they would just make a Prince doll instead.
Never see me out cuz I live in my work place gonna make for one awsome summer $$$$$$$
aw shucks
now that is captain Johnny Toews that I know. This kid hss thst Jordan thing awesome
I'm out
More news! : New tour dates are posted on our facebook page, and the contest to get 50% off our pre-order package is in effect until 3 Dec!
maybe :p
I'll pitch in...
“: #FoodTruckCourt today! Not only food, but artists too. Join us at Kellogg and Robert from 11.” we'll be there!
Indeed...even with T. Plush running thru the stop sign. Need to finish them off today.
I need something new pierced..
Many business owners don't succeed simply because they don't give it enough time. Are you in for the long haul?
Gonzaga was in 5 different clips during one shining moment. Pretty awesome. A team that could play with ANYONE in the country.
Just received invitation to awards night for Macy on 16th. We may have slight problem- have 2 be at school by 6:30p. Sigh.
i gave you my love to borrow, but you just gave it away.
*In the AS SEEN ON TV STORE* Me: "I've seen Justin Bieber on tv before! Where's he at?... OHH MY GOSH IT'S THE JONAS BROTHERS!"
Is anyone good at iPod/iTunes stuff that would be willing to help me?
I built a school garden with a 1st grade class today.It was amazing to hear their excitement for learning & see the team building
Perfect Love Casts Out ALL Fear. <3
Shoutout to ! Thanks for the charger homie.
Currently 9 for 9 in Round 1 picks..... but WVU is about to blow my perfect record :(
wow, that's all bad. I'd stay away from them too.
Congrats to White Sox Humber for pitching a perfect game !!! WOW
#UFC time with cousin
I never believed something in class could be so boring to make u fall asleep till now. Can barely keep my eyes open O.o
see u on the beach
Why did you unfollow me :(
I was one of the hot guys, right?
Must have both!!
Lol that was from a couple years ago.. I can't stop laughing at the ridiculous quotes
#SportsbizTrivia: This company is the longest-running Olympic sponsor.
After Glee last night I'm all about my 70s music right now! Hello Gloria Gaynor!!!
I would have loved to have spent the night listening to vinyl... Oh wait, I did :) Did you listen to anything good tonight?
Its rough biw tht we hate each other
Truth: rocks!
He went against the code hitting her. smh
Job Tip: You can only make a first impression once. Take the time to dress properly!
Preparing for our trip to Bukavu and Goma to work with #midwives in July to reduce infant/maternal mortality w/
I got hugs for you if you were born in the 80s?
Packing partly done, Kill Bill V1 watched. Next: finish packing, 1-2 libguide pages. Then another movie.
omg im having that right now too please follow me
With having over 8k followers the chances are small but I'd love to be the UK fan spotlighted at some point, I bleed blue.
Benjamin: "the health market doesn't work like normal capitalism. We need reform be b/c of failed market. Health care is a right."
If he only wants you for your Breast & Thighs send his ass to KFC
He is seriously the cutest thing I've ever seen!!!
how about macaroons?
Hey Natasha, do you still need some artwork?
Need a new computer. My Dell sucks.Power jack must be an expensive part cause they would pay 4 shipping it 3 times but didn't replace jack.
Song: T throw my telescope in the air sometimes...Singing AYYYYYO, I'm GALILEO :D:D:D HAHA
Favorite Adele Song: Rumor Has It <3
Finna go help mom set up this morning Ilove yu and hope that you have a good day at skool
Reading A Clash of Kings while baby sleeps but actually I want to catch up on some shows
SoundExchange Announces New VP of Communications - MarketWatch (press release)
yo ass make old school references I'm familiar with. U just know these things.
I hate this school at the moment
I think mb is the most best thing out
New UK sales head for Amex Global Corporate Solutions | Public ...
I'll show you next time I see you.
WWW.DMWILLIAMS.ORG : ALL NEW SITE LAUNCHING MONDAY!!!!!!
*shakes head*....I'm good.
I'm always a meannie
If today is Milwaukee day, then tomorrow is sort of San Francisco day 415. If that area code is still in use.
will do (:
I am so glad I don't have to shovel this snow. The crew outside really looks like they are struggling!
Melt in your mouth morsels of almond-flavored petit four cakes and assorted mini-tarts. Simply Delicious!!
I'm trying to catch up and know you are paying attention. Is the CTA plan dead in committee?
lol what? when? Silly?
sounds like Kafka! do you know his story "Josephine the Singer"?
#Libra's check out my last tweet ;)
Louis Tomlinson doesn't have a butt, he has either a bum or an ass.
ha! More or less said the people have spoken. Never made an apology
Cliff Pennington is going to be a top ten fantasy player this year.
Congratulations you have a girlfriend now. I hope your ass gets dumped.
Please show it.
Just uhh....yup! One of those days!! "Next time you break into my car I'm gonna have to tell the principal." haha! Jared got sassy
I like your attempt at bipartisanship!!!
u good?
I'm not focused. Let me pack
x factor say what what what what what what what what
its Andrew now is it? Makin' ya the favorite dishes... ;)
So excited for my son, he is going to his senior prom tomorrow night!
It is prosperity that gives us friends, adversity that proves them.
I'll give you one guess, and it's not a hangover <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
hehe i hhope u follow me if u want(:
S/O to my new follower .(:
Thanks, yeah cool medal! I lifted weights last night, wth some cardio, trying to be patient. :/
Come downtown and feel the energy of this City!
what a bunt by Jose Reyes!
“ Retweeting every mention dont make you coo”
i wish someone could just make things better.
I don't think I've even seen your ass once this term
hahaha yes!! Ooohhhh and don't forget the hair flip!!!(:
Some of what we do is not good for kids.
cautiously optimistic about all. I wanted Perry so loved that. Loved the trading urgency w their deep roster. We'll see
love that my oregano from last summer is already back and available for cooking. c
When you own your breath, nobody can steal your peace. ~Author Unknown
more than normal?
you make it too easy.
Prepping for tmw's Cookbook Webinar at 3:00 EST. Hope you'll be listening to hear about #chia and more
I love my job :) heading home from jc.
So what does one do after spending two years in the wilderness?
packing up!! Join us to watch the Spartans #BeatMichigan !!!!
Its such a compliment when people say I remind them of my mom. :)
i aint see u txtd me
You better hurry up. Only a few steaks left! Park at Cedar and walk down. Gary says it's ok :)
Jennifer Love Hewitt Flirts With Newly Single Adam Levine!
Omg my hubby made the best prime rib!! Fed the whole family on what one serving would've cost in a restaurant, and it tasted BETTER!
we gotta find a wizard to change him back.
they're still gonna be ok but nothing to be happy about so far
Schwabacher Debut Recital, Nadine Sierra. Stunning program, sad I can't stay for whole. Make sure to catch her in 2 weeks!
I'll just join a new league...
Who is your picture?
you make me smile.... I love apple juice!!
It's called: Ministers Do More Than Lay People
Gonesh is now on Google+ by the name Gonesh Brands! Check us out for more great deals on Gonesh products!
you and are so pretty! I'm jealous!! :)
Spent about 4 hours away from Knuckie tonite - put her in her crate during that time. A couple piddles but she seems ok now we are home!
I thought they already did haha
1 down 3 to go boys!
Happy Mother's Day! Mothers eat free today with purchase! See store for details.
shhhhh come to ny and we can remake other insane 80s bands with fingers and fruits
Im an ugly potato.. #301999 Im the one in the profile pic
Art is long, life is short. <U+82B8><U+8853><U+306F><U+9577><U+304F><U+4EBA><U+751F><U+306F><U+77ED><U+3044><U+3002>
325 followers. Thank you. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
WORST COUSIN EVER<U+E337> <U+E416><U+E231>VANESSA TORRES<U+E230><U+E416>
C'est la vie
RT : Gayle Smith says MCC's work creates an incentive effect which changes the dialogue btw US & partner countries.
We're very blessed. (x3)
Why are the Dallas Cowboys called "Americas Team?" I’ll tell you why: it's because Cowboys fans are assholes, and assholes know no borders.
I'm suspicious of this discussion leader's motives. Lot of personal preference coloring his suggestions?
"Wonderful concierge! Great technology and attention to detail. Inspiring and efficient space." says about Thank you!
doing much better now. teaching animal science to the kids right now
The Egyptian revolution is an African revolution...about time!
CM Punk Vs Edge Vs Orton. Who would win?
So... We're walking around the grocery store and there's a little boy eating an entire container of sprinkles. Really?!
Watch me on KTLA Channel 5 starting a.m. discussing all things MJ and Conrad Murray.
i look so good, i look so good, without you.
Looking forward to that job creation in MD!
Little known fact: The franklinia is in the tea family Theaceae. Time to brew a cup! Have you checked out our ginkgo?
First Delta flight with the new economy comfort seats... I approve, Delta, I approve
Layin down a track with this kid tears it up
=P Ill Take that. =)
best part of the commercial
#kcAirdron - ha. About to board flight to Chicago to see my beloved let's go!
My mom just asked me, "when is Cinco de Mayo?" Hahahahaha!!!!
rhetoricians have been so constrained by definitions of deliberation handed down from Aristotle that haven't pursued alternative defs (2/2)
Cant please everbody DW. Just depends on what kinda day you had as to how you feel.
we'll get you some information about the conference. it was great. a lot of great speakers and sessions
"Kill the Moonlight" is my favorite. <3
who you coming to the show with?? :) have you downloaded our jams and learned all the dang words yet?
Welcome to #twitter !
This #NYC #deal is so tempting! Vaca? : March Out Like a Lion & book a stay w/us for 33% off now thru 4/5 using code SOCIAL
I'm going to Disneyland in 2 weeks. PLEASE be there and take a picture with me?!?! <3 you!
If it was, then I would defect.
Great Morning! Today is gonna be amazing and It's only 9am
EXACTLY!! ": #Capricorn may be a bit standoffish initially, but we are only analyzing you to see if you are worth our time."
follow back
When I read this Soror I LMAO & woke my man up. All I cld do was visualize that happening!!! Good Lawd!
Is this the book you just added to goodreads? I'm curious...
It's OK, Jayme, I can't get these stoners to ignore me now.
Heat beat OKC with Bosh Wade and LBJ finally back together
She sure does!
Fun to see & at yesterday. BTW - the flamingos rock! :)
If you could have covered one business topic in professional school what would that topic/subject have been?
if it helps I stood out in the rain for 40 minutes to high five you as you walked on the bus.
been a busy day of flying! M bdrm- made bed, Dh doing flooring in the girls rm, I cleaned in kitchen -dishes,floor swept, ds mopped
I will have a better idea as we get closer to the actual date of the party. Did you see the pic of my phone?
#MAHOMIES are definitely my second family! :)
It reflects poorly on when brands don't respond me on twitter and FB
this email quotes saying it's "a piercing psychological study of good & evil" funny…i don't remember all that.
I promise im never playing #blackjack or #roulette again
LMFAO all this time i thought you were in my class! Lololol
Could You Please Follow Me ?(:
Of course #MattForte has to put the offense on his shoulders!!
#NowPlaying George Acosta / The Lost World
how to cook everything, by mark bittman.
Is happy to announce the launch of our new Friday and Sunday discount program!!!
public engagement is mere theater if theyve already made up their minds.
Hahahahahah. Harry trying not to laugh when he says, "People goin' all the way, yeah, all the way."
u just wont act on your urges.
And I'm tits... I'm Ron Burgundy
Want to start Saturday night early? Beaucoup Bar and Grill has great specials until 8 including $3 margs and $2 mimosas!
Ah! I can't believe your Avengers character *spoiler*!
Great weekend ahoy! Date night, 9 miles in the AM, Walters Art Museum with Mom, & Caps/Rangers Game 1.
T-minus 1 hour until Pat McCurdy takes the stage at Bar Louie Water St for our Cinco de Drinko!
The refs are literally blowing the whistle before we are offsides.
you and me both! :)
that would be sweet! The pack is my only non chicago based team #GOBULLS!
How many more data left of school
Long long day. Up since 630 just got home. Getting things done ppl just don't get.
Once every 5 years
U and Dee are very inspirational on what family should be. Thanks 4 sharing ur lives with us.
Cool, imma add u back
Gr8 point! RT : People are busy. Make it easy for them to help you. Be specific, targeted. Do the work!
yea maybe lol
#CbusMarathonTMT - I finished the Nationwide Insurance Columbus Marathon with 3:47:28 for an overall pace of 8:41 per mile!
There's a link to my imdb page in my bio.
if you want to help request my songs on and rate them, awesome!! :))
Is your favorite musician as a kid still one of your favorites today?
we're open sunday's www.licensetooill.blogspot.com
Good morning hope you have a great day <U+2665> (:
when i favorite your tweets im really favoriting your face
Dang!, I'm going to need a shape- up this weekend.... my hair gonna have to grow....
this last hour is gonna drag smh
Morning awesomeness: just LMGTFY-bombed
yea im in phase 2. Not in a hurry to find what im "meant 2 do", just learning talking listening thinking & waiting.
FLIRT TIP: 32% of men in recent poll say their biggest romantic worry is what to text to a new flame.
A Colin dark skin niggas wanna be like tyrese
I just saw this tweet Big Swede... LSU Alabama next year baby... at night... And it will "all be true"
Jsonline's is working fine for me.
Off just the way u are <U+2665>
hyatt outside of the city. Are you here?
I friend requested u(:
RT : Last night became the first #Bucks player in over 25 years to have 5 blocks and 4 steals in the same game.
I see you're a member of the PTA
i have a blood donor card, i feel offical.
EASTER MOON WAS DOPE!! - see you guys soon! April 22nd @ PINKY RING @ BAR SMITH! - w/ AFRIKA BAMBAATAA
Homer Bailey is not as promising as Reds fans have hoped. Guess we will see how Chapman rolls.
Atleast it's almost Friday! ;-)
where , when , what time ?
aww she thinks about me <3
Grumbly grumble grumble cranky cranky grumble. I think that covers everything I'm likely to tweet today. I'm done.
it's cuz you sold out.
Agree.Surcharges are too much. The Mayor has directed Clerk to begin phasing out. Changes coming.
It's no fun when someone you're ignoring ignores you back.
lmao <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092> you know.. his new song !!
WTG! RT : EasyPark staff will out in Mt. View & Gov. Hill cleaning up! Anchorage is looking CLEAN! Keep it up!
This stupid bitch frisha bedda had put my letter in the mail.
:) rec Beach Blanket Babylon (2 thumbs up) & dinner at Little Italy (says YUM!). Any other tweeters have any fab SF spots?!
1938- On #Hitler’s birthday was the Berlin premiere of Leni #Reifenstahl’s film #Olympia, about the 1936
I wanna go horse back riding 2day. Any suggestions as 2 where I could go???
thankyou so much no better feeling than being noticed for your talent
thats funny, you and I have the same exact phone now :D haha
Is it not allowing you to RSVP because of that?
Okay. Thank you! Wish me luck...
Why OA color codes are confusing: I know there's some kind of color scale. I hear "gold" and think, "Sounds good!" But wrong damn scale!
Do what you love and the money will follow. - Marsha Sinetar
to clairfy: it = the city of austin
No RT : Can you be a grown man and ride down the streets blasting lil twist?
If I have time, I'm going to encrust mine with plastic rhinestones!
WTF is going on!?!? Junior Seau shoots himself? How long before we blame concussions and the New Orleans Saints?
If niggas would get our 40 acres & a mule like we were promised MAYBE we might act right.
Without health life is not life; it is only a state of langour and suffering - an image of death. -Buddha , We need to change our diet!
good what the hell were those two clowns thinking!
#overheard at #Communiversity "obama's birth certificate is fake!" so says a birther who stumbled into
Definitely proud of my cuzzo's and
Ray has his cast!
Thank You to everyone who we met at the Cavanaugh Briday Show this past Saturday & Sunday! We look forward to making your wedding special!
LoL, I didn't even think you'd see that since you don't follow me. But I'm just playing as well. No worries. :)
“: Driving to Garrett Indiana! Great show in Carlyle IL!! Gracias estudiantes!!!!!” GHS is ready for Justo mañana and Thurs!!!
Thanks, it's going great!
#NP " A city in Florida - Deadmau5 "
I forgot to tweet this,but on St. Patricks Day,everybody says their Irish.
#smnpchat in our org ED makes staffing choices, but board determines principles / broad stroke priorities
Lol Cory gotta chill
Can this day be over already? I'm ready for some of delicious snacks, one that is cold and Ink!
I LOVE Roller Coasters!!!
Good golley I do not miss public transit at all...
One person replied that meeting new people was one of the take aways.
should follow me back!
So after a full and varied day of fitness industry superheroing it is time to rest! Goodnight people of twitter!
That's still around? RT : Twellow is a yellow pages for Twitter says to build your network
everybody for any video or picture should be wearing a chicago shirt or bears jersey!!!!!!
We have the technology to make that happen.
no problem :D
Follow these people we love:
For Jazz Events You dont want to miss, Follow
I will tell him to call you!
Wish I had some moolah.
that farmers tan is so attractive
Sorry for your loss! I said a prayer for your family and if you decide to take a break from making videos we'll understand!
oh way funnier! I actually started to feel bad. Of.
HG3 was actually surprisingly good. I have to find something myself. Do you have Amazon Prime? Free rental each month.
congrats on acting debut
AUSTIN plz follow me
We're at for 's "Canned Acoustica" benefitting Two cans gets you in the door. Join us!
Lost another chicken to a fox today...
This certainly does suck.
Have fun w/ your crappy fan base in MIA that abandons you when the chips are down. Cleveland backed you no matter what.
Curious to see how potential copyright issues on Pinterest will play out. Keep us posted!
Heard on Vine Talk: 'In 2011, wine is the social lubricant'. Btw, show was on beautiful WA Chardonnays, including Januik!
Mad at the Indians. Not because they lost but because I missed Community now.
you made a good choice by going to Screen on the Green!
wish we never had sex now we cant be friends sex is always better when there feelings involved now i dnt hav felns for her
The popol vuh is so metal
We loved #CITEconf!!
#Executive coaching provides a highly trained listener that asks powerful questions 2 get 2 incredible life/work discoveries! Need #skills?
Can't get on your website. Comes up with an error!
No fingers down the blackboard now!
Awe god baby !! I'm proud of you (:
Say it isn't so :(
why should we chat ??
Starting up MMitK in April 2012! Lots of great chefs and locations.....stay tuned.
The Graduate School at Seton Hall and Oates.
Rolling power outages and the Super Bowl
Good job Tennessee! Great game to watch! We'll gettem next time!
Don't go corporate, Ricky ;)
First 500 guests to enter the Wisconsin Beer Lovers Festival gate receive a free commemorative ticket for opening day of Summerfest !
I want some crab legs
Some agencies will agree to give employees subsidized workout time. You have to ask.
That'll be the day I remove my television. I'm not much for monopolies.
batman 4 through whatever number it on. My friends with Ipad have all of them. Kindle fire on comoxiolgy store only has 1-3
I love getting one-syllable emails from Cracks me up. Perf.
Would you like to save money on your prescription medication?
": Do something, anything, for someone you know cannot repay you today."<< I try to do this everyday! Hi Goldie happy Tuesday!
Dear sports writers, every article you right doesn't have to have the word "redemption" in it, right? RIGHT?
The trailer for A Walk to Remember has an American Online keyword at the end. Makes me remember how old the movie is
lists as one of the data providers to the
From our Geography Teacher of the Year: RT : "that's Milwaukee, not Wisconsin"
Meet/experience us at Kiosk H07 at the Bryant Park Holiday Shops, NYC now through Jan. 8, 2012. Great gifts and specials...Shea's the way!
Didn't nod off during "The Avengers," which is more than I can say for the previous two movies I saw in theater.
if he doesn't tell you that he feels different about "YOU" you shouldn't assume baby, but if you believe dat den
here!!! Come on outside and enjoy the sun!!
Tonight in Columbus at Bernie's! , The Up All Nights and As Seas Fell Silent. 9pm. All Ages. $5
This is just a test to see if you actually look at your mentions. :P
Adventures in over-caffeiniation.
Such an adorable picture, thank you and glad she loves her new Lazies! :)
it's actually Nawlage ft. French Montana
Let's get thru Wednesday, come on in
are you still available for lunch Monday?
What happened to #simpsonizerfamily ... Too much arguing going on... Really classy guys..
The past two days have shown me that our mayor can move heaven and earth for downtown and private schools, but to hell with everything else.
when u tweeted that I thought it said moron hahahahahaha
NO NO! I'm getting her first! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
i am doing the complete thriller dance tonight at retreat. that if cool dj moma will play the vincent price remix;)
so cool you're there. Keep the tweets coming.
Game last night?
#BOYFRIENDvideo IS AMAZING GO AND LOOK THE VIEWS WOW!!!!!! :) I love u
you ain't dancin' by yourself, bruthah. "I've been up all night"
So I think next year the Oscars should be held in Europe... two years in a row a non-American wins Best Male Actor category
Just make sure not to sleep with them, it hurts to take them out after that and your eyes will be sore! Hope you're well :}
Final brew today is Bigfoot. So awesome. Can't wait for the year round barrel aged version.
Oh, yeah. I forgot he plays Uther in Excalibur. He does do a great job.
"All I have seen teaches me to trust the creator for all I have not seen" ~ Ralph Waldo Emerson
I'm blown away just looking at the pictures!
Ali couldn't sign any autographs though. He is in terrible shape, could barely move. Very sad. True American hero and a class act!
Thank you!
There aren't enough "o's" in that... RT : ooooooooorrrrrrrr, you can tell us now ;) we won't tell haha
Good morning !!
she's still alive?
You should follow - she is brilliant!
I'm up early getting ready for an open house!!!
I'm so ready to get off from work!!!!
oh i haven't talked to him in a good minute. But il try to catch up with him maybe next week.
RT : RT : To the Fukushima 50, *bows* OSU, you are heroes to Japan and the entire world.
Thanks, ! Have a great weekend.
SHOT OUT TO FOLLOW them 4 FOLLOW BACK
Change in routine causes change. Looking forward to the new change. Just change one thing and watch what happens.
Great season boys. You're all winners in gods eyes and in our hearts
OMG THIS HAS MADE MY DAY!! THANKS !!! Nothin' But A Glee Thang with Heather Morris, Matthew Morrison &
Btw, yellow nails.
yes - that would be sweet. You game?
Great day for some west tennis! #TTOD!
If you'd really like to prove it, you would bring in a couple of Kringles.
I get worried when I see a Dead Prez cover, but I was def diggin that. Link a mixtape when you can. Stay up.
Failure teaches powerful lessons. “: I've failed over & over & over again in my life & that is why I succeed. -Michael Jordan”
#UMass lead is 72-69 woth 1:33 to play. Minutemen out of timeouts as #Temple full court press forces turnover. Temple to the FT line.
Thanks for the retweet!
go walk into traffic
I really had a hangover all day. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
hey hey u sexy, lookin forward to goin the the game with u!
All hail the new definition of sanity!
Happy Monday soccer lovers. How will you enjoy the sunshine today? Know of one pickup game @ Wallace Park at noon. Any others?
#cnndebate Do you think we can still afford to send 3.4 billion in "aid" ti Israel annually? And if so, how and why?
has record setting best July sales numbers ever! Come into South Hills Audi and get yours today!
isn't this everyone's last yr but PP?
Slap slap slap, clap clap clap. Slap slap slap, clap clap clap.
#DieAntwoord is my shit. Thanks to for the introduction.
The 'double up' feature on some video poker machines is 1 of only 2 bets with no house advantage. The 'odds' bet in craps is the only other.
God must especially love Fundamentalist preachers, Paleoconservative Republicans and the mentally ill, since He is all they ever talk about
Seriously, is anyone more corny thatn Kelly Tilghman? Give it a break!
God, family, and !
Bumping some #downtime this dude is sick..fellow instrumentalist!
May the 4th be with you.
The article in yesterday's paper by breaks my heart. Innocent children should not be dying!
“: Model franchise=Spurs. They represent team in the truest form. Pop/Tim are terrific leaders #NBA”
Your Welcomed! Find out more details about my campaign @ www.votehenrybrim.com Thx!
excited to pick up season 2 of #downtonabbey at the library!! YES =)
cc RT : SIX PENCE NONE THE RICHER IS BACK TOGETHER?! The dream of the '90s is fucking ALIVE and well!
We'll have our Fall & Halloween Pre-Launch Sale from (tentatively) September 20 - October 16.
REMINDER: Adrienne L. Martin will be lecturing on animal interactions in early modern Spanish lit one week from now in the Jones Rm at 4:30.
I am sorry to hear that the police have not been responsive.
oh wow... I'm still in LA (Pasadena)... my studio is in Glendale... I'd love to hear your new stuff... you have a site?
Road trip to see the Badgers at Illinois! Go Bucky!
We call it "Trade Winds" in Hawai'i... I guess it's called "Santa Ana Winds" in LA.
Back home now with a lovely new pedicure. I may look like a hippo, but at least I have pretty toes!
Man NY hurt that nigga JR Smith feelings lol
Updating programs. Doing estimates.
follow Back :D
im the same as you, busy but good. BTW I wanted to know if you would accept my #?
<---- Doing all of the things that I do not want to do!!!! 2012 .... AKA ... Designated driver ( On Prom Night) *Seeing Tings I don't wanna
You can also follow us on our individual profiles here: xoxo
Whattta dirty hit.
At for the 2012 CUE Conference. Anyone know if there's a hashtag for this thing?
#BounceThatAss is trending ?
Don't worry, we got you covered!
If I were rich, I'd just give em all a hundred and say, GO AWAY. Then, I'd get some sleep
naw im in the burbs...i might be out that way later..
Can't wait to get down to Indy Saturday!
Mitt Romney gives another name to two face.«««(#cartooncharacter) go directly to nut house do not pass go.
I have some utils which help run a vbox vm as a daemon on facilitized hosts. painful in its own way, but a nice alternative..
I have an iron deficiency I think I deserve some red meat.
what's that there? A delicious shrimp salad? That's what we call good livin'!
All that remains is your lingering scent
"Put A Logo On It" with over 800,000 #PromotionalProducts to choose from www.BNoticed.com
whatever!! It's still one direction!! AH yay!!!! Umm yes u are seeing me!! Whether u like it or not!! :)
Are you carring around the weight of your past? Confused about love & relationships? Do you want to be free? www.campaigntake6.com
pics up later?(:
I love that show. :) #mike&molly
Congrats! First time this year ;) lol
Dude is just Roethlisbergering the ball right now !! RT : Josh Hamilton is 3/3 tonight with 2 more HR. Uncle.
Wait... There is MORE THAN ONE Lucifer Box novel? WHY DID NO ONE TELL ME.
yyayy! Nikki! My blog is called Stop.Look.FASHION! Follow mee, u must have one. What's urs called?
NBC better renew #community for another full season, or else I will write an angry letter.
“What matters most is how well you walk through the fire.” -- Charles Bukowski
Thanks so much! Have a great week.
Still a good idea!
I'm like can ya give a nigga a warning?!
Damn i sho hate 2 go back 2 my old job
don't lie, you know you want to be twinsies with your future mister.
sneak a pic for us...I dare you
hahha no you don't!
well if it were not for that wind bag "inventing" the internet we wouldn't have Twitter!
#MadMen time!
up here in the north where we have snow....
My friends suggest that I join Triple A. I get their point, but who has time for those weekly meetings?
Ohh!:( i was like freaking out. If you did i would be extremly jellooo lolol
Be invested. Be human. Be helpful as if the whole company depends on what you say and do. -Liz Strauss
Customer: Are the bookends for sale? Me: Sorry, no, just the books. Customer: Why not? Me: We need them to hold up the books.
Apartment browsing is fun until I realize that the awesome places I find won't be available when I'm actually looking to move.
"One can live in the shadow of an idea without grasping it."
Welcome to Bangkok
This is my 9,000th Tweet. :-)
I was just called the Indiana Jones of the Internets. I love it - & I think it applies to the #glamwiki community as a whole!
Saw Lupe Fiasco perform.. for free. Fantastic night! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Fiction, Non Fiction, Creative Non-Fiction...What's your genre and how did you choose? I think my gift is wrapped too tight!
Thanks for the like, Cathy!
My bud and I were just hanging with at the we got to chill in the Lincoln Room it was cool
ugh new years resolutions, best of 2011 lists, midnight kisses, ugh ugh ugh
Dude! You're still up?
need more
No, I only like a few of the maine's songs and I don't like any of the openers! Hopefully we'll see eachother soon though haha!
Always after what seems impossible
I guess I am in a state of "relieved shock" that this trial is over. I can't wait to catch up with everyone. Thank you again!
yea something about him says "after a few beers Im a dbag" not into his looks either, nothing about him wows me
Just smashed on some blackened chicken Alfredo na its tyme to roll up n pass out
you have a logical plan established. Go forth.
Getting ready to head to Waterfalls of Wellness's 'Community Samples Day', where I will be sampling my coaching services.
just got the demo uploaded to the site... click the ON button on the RADIO to listen - and tell me what you think!? =) drivethrustudio.com
so what u up to?
I'm ready to be Team
There was an NFL game last night? WTF, where the hell was I?
If for nothing else, I can be happy about giving blood today. That is really all I got...
have fun girl!
Come mess with us tonite at jazz and jokes, open mic for all.
Question #3: named what Pasco based company the #2 Energy Company to Watch in 2012?
Our first digital-born Qualifying Paper for our MA has just been deposited. Congrats to , truly excellent work
could be! And the blessing is realizing it :)
Haha it's all good summer isn't to far away if that makes you feel any better
I am so excited to go pee in my downstairs bathroom. Really. A handful of you understand.
Coworker at new job: "Jersey is awesome! It's exactly like Shangri-La. We got Indian food and shit." I'm still not sure what to make of that
Being a vegetarian feels great :3
thanks so much! <33
Film 101 and Advanced scene work classes are really inspiring. Great work last night and tonight!
Renamed wifey's digital recorder Kathy on my Mac. So when I'm done it tells me to eject Kathy. Tee hee.
I'm addicted to soda...it's just so damn god
dont forget to give a s/o to mr bouchie and elijah haha and carlos.
Pettis has too be careful cuz lauzon wings haymakers and has decent power but I think pettis will keep it standing and pick lauzon apart 4ud
It's Friday and the models are getting ready for the Glossy photo shoot today.
you have 3 minutes to get yo booty here so we can go to for a #fiercefitfab workout!
Ha!! RT : Waving at a random person to confuse them, and make them feel guilty they don't remember you.
WHY AM I STILL A CUBS FAN?! It's a family thing.
Bring your drinking shoes; there'll be quite a tab to take care of!
I hope she's ok!! Hugs lady!!
The Florida Wedding Expo Partners With PartyPOP to Offer this Weekend&#39;s Attendees Free Wedding Invitations
I know, you can get em next time you come over
Your always with me in spirit and will always play a major role in my life thanx conscious
we aren't trying to just "get followers" we really want to know our followers; we are human beings selling ties, not bots :)
Finalizing a couple of warranty deeds on some #denver real estate with
Get yo money stop worry bout that other nigga ##
Did u mean this for me?
"I'm sorry but that's what sluts do" lol
You never know how strong you are. Until being strong is all you have left
I got a lot of hope left in me.
that has more to do with Shapiro and the overrall mess at Miami.
T2: Other than Halmaka's post, have there been any objections from hospitals to the AHA letter?
Here in 3rd period history so bored #forever alone
At the Tactical Urbanism Salon here in #Philly. Awesome to learn with and others.
.....I hope that page gets some love!..still rockin it on my ipod.
Glad we all brainstormed, we should follow-up on some of the threads post-
at that last tweet >>>
My weekend's looking super sweet, both with Windy City Pulp & Paper and a pal coming in from St. Louis. Feeling pumped.
Tonight's hottest club is...Slinky. Stay tuned as I review this former fallout shelter now turned underground club & pet spa. TONIGHT!
Hallejuah! RT: It's a New Year but we still have some great old promotions. Happy Hour starts everyday & 4 on Fri
here. Look for me when you are done. I'm the old guy.
I keep gettin spammed its kinda getting annoying!!!
Now I want some glogg.
Roy crying is my favorite March Madness tradition. The onset of spring, and the annual end of his sanctimony.
and sew it goes, in savage mill, md! had you been? it was so cute!
mostwhen click twitter i check out who to follow an follow some; working real hard as fine art painter 8yrs,gut feeling,tell em 2 follow moi
RT : Have you checked out our new themes for the 5 Days of Techweek? Each day emulates a phase of the startup life cycle....
Homemade fried rice for lunch!! Yumm!!
Punk brought up the firings that's great.
Thanks for the support!! its appreciated RT : that cd is str8 . good music
Girls-If your not gonna suck it don't touch it
Didn't bring you this far to turn back. Keep going.
#nowwatching Fire With Friends at Garfield Artwork in Pittsburgh.
last day for the fall crop internship! Had so much fun with everyone, you all were awesome :)
“ Trying to lose weight during the holidays is like trying to stay dry while swimming.”
last tweet, epic fail. lol
because you got me one!
is the best....... listening to him right know (thus far)!!!!!
I'm thirsty.
Good morning love bugs !
Thanks for the follow and for the comment on YouTube! Located in Los Angeles. So glad you enjoyed 'Briefcase!'
Met a young anarchist storyteller @ the Welsh festival yesterday who told a great story of getting thrown OUT of jail:)
Lolololol RT : The hilarious moment when someone tries to make you jealous, and you actually don't give a fuck.
hard to say at this point, I hope not ... u out in Indy this week?
Sorry but sometimes I'd rather watch college basketball
it's just like a toilet, they need to be flushed too. If you want to live in a barnyard, move to a farm.
Next project will be an electronic music-stage adaptation of "Run Lola Run" called "Dance Lola Dance" Anyone know anything about dancing?
New song up on our facebook! Check it out and tell us what you think!! <3 DC
Catch him on the court and he trouble, droppin triple-doubles!!!
Cocaine is God's way of saying you're making too much money. -Robin Williams
Wednesday is here! Live jazz and $8 Martinis at Salute Wine Bar & Cafe. 46 East Superior.
oh. Always.
nope, it sold last week. Sorry man.
Decision making actions must be realistically phased to insure a viable solution.
the commute is at least an hour each way. And I'm working overtime/bringing work home. Other than that, it's great! :)
RT : Remember, no #awcchat tomorrow b/c #SXSWi is getting started for host - next chat is 3/15.
- told my wife this morning that when packing them, I pretty much have to physically restrain myself from eating some. Can't eat 1
yup! My thought exactly!
Hi Kelsey, can I borrow one of the images from your #BlueglassLA post for a post I am writing? Will link back of course.
Vellee Deli's korean BBQ burrito is a must.
wurst case scenario
come over
*two faces(: Like you(: I'm kidding my love:af
So proud of you jay, I can't to tune in tonight bro I know you gone put on a amazing show god bless!!!!
Just got hind at around 4:18 in houston time eating a snack right now and my mouth burning brb
Happy birthday to one of the best cousins out there !! Happy birthday anth
What goes around, Comes around.
Please follow ! It's my another account!
Hey! We're an organization that connects fans to bands that have saved their lives. We work with The Cab! Check us out? :)
it's very real. The guys behind Pinspire have a history of copycat businesses (eBay, Groupon, AirBnB, etc)
Damn, back on the morning grind... Good morning world... I'm still here.
Bought the Green Smoothie app. Can't wait to make something delish for brekkie. Think I'll get rid of juicer. Blender is all I need.
Moms made carrot cake ;D
My first ever group of students graduate from college in May- how lucky am I that I get to congratulate them on facebook?! :)
In da Kitchen cooking up code~~
both Leo and Johnny get hotter with age!
Chicago is invading Miami this week and we wanna hear your experiences. Tweet us your pics, videos, and meet up spots all week long!!!!!
Michael Kay + Paul O'Neill = best broadcasting partners in baseball. Go yanks!
hey there Doctor Stalker(; can you please follow me and make me smile, as usual? Much love! <3 143
The man is over as Hell. It was only a matter of time.
First Stop is the DMV
Mr Vick vs the Bear's D! What happens?
Man… might have to hunt down a few #mxpx cds
haha you need to go to bedd! you gotta big day tomorrow ;)
Tucson! Check out Club Congress tonight for some bass music! 9-2
Make sure to check your email today for a special offer from us!
Flu shot - CHECK!
Loved the effort by the boys in the second half, though!
Any salient differences between wet and dry cure for bacon? Want to try fermented black bean paste, honey, booze, things like that.
Brad Fitch getting things started at #GRC12!
Love the birthday look. You're so gorgeous.
just settling in with the new job. But I need some fun soon,lol
is the best
Be your consciousness, not your thoughts. If thinking, entertain thoughts of Love, Compassion, Respect, & Peace.
Weezy Video Takeover
Limobuses.com has rental packages to casinos, bars and nightclubs in our luxury VIP Party Bus! Call 619.225.8466 for details
pacers losing to the magic? how much that cleveland a couple weeks ago hurts now...sigh.
Agreed, with the caveat that much-overlooked rural transportation needs desperately need to be addressed.
hey, don't forget about me!
a bar, please let me know.
On Luray Terrace in NW Portland, home caught fire last night, man had to jump from a 40-foot window! some broken bones, but alive.
Kelley: Don't think of ourselves as lobbyists for your own group, stand up for all regardless of identity
IEPPal activity in 48 states and DC over past week! We hoped for solid start - but this was beyond our expectations! Thank you all.
Elaine Vassal: "I'm sure she's quite stupid, and in time, gravity will get her."
Nothing like Twitter/Facebook to help clear my head after early morning of freelance strategy-based work.
we would like to hear more about your story and career as a successful Latino
attention #charlotte and #wnc geeks - anyone know (or want to learn) SalesForce and want a full-time job? @ or DM me :)
he needs to pitch the 8th too.
Always nice to find out some idiot tried to break into my house last night. I hope I catch them next time
I strongly believe that was their intent. Blegh.
I want a love like that...
All I Smoke Is That A+
We're playing talent farm tonight! With some hot pop punk acts, might I add! :D See you there!
Thanks for reaching out! We'll keep you in mind.
Those feathers floating past my window mean the hawk has caught its breakfast.
the song is on :)
On my way to Nougatine with the girls for a bday celebration! Pictures to follow!
CANT WAIT 2 SEE ANOTHER EPISODE OF #LoveGames WANNA SEE SWAG BUT CERTAINLY NOT SYDNEY N JOHN DRAMA ONLY JUDI N JOHN ROMANCE
.. Honey. Today. I'm like a fart in a windstorm! ..I would be useless... today
Meeting matt, goin climbing, watching the storm
GM, thankin God for another day
I'm doing great, Lauren! When I'm not having #awkward experiences like today ... LOL
wow. forgetting about me already. I QUIT.
Can't wait till summer!!
Note to TV nets showing sports events today: leave an extra 5 minutes to cover the crowds chanting U-S-A U-S-A after the Nat'l Anthem.
Ha, thx!! RT : You all did great job with kick off. Wanted to say hi, but line to get to you was too long! :)
We Think You Awesome, Let's Follow Each Other!
There's a party in your bedroom all night long.
lol its ok! Check out our website on our info. It has our vids. Enjoy your day!
It's all part of my evil plot to mess with people's heads (and stomachs) BWA HA HA HA.
Monday & Tuesday = editing/mixing , Finishing up the single, & getting ready for
.."cuz i'm addicted to.........." love that song.:-) lol you BEEEEEEEAAAAST!
i herd attack attack is playingg
I want to catch you everytime you fall. :/
Anyone Who Cant Accomplish The Simplest Task After Age 16. Should Be Hunted Down And Forced To Read!
why am i hungry
Z for my #bikramyoga tomorrow :)
some of old lil wayne songs >
oh yeah, bourdain is the shit
Child or adult -- Slice is an equal-opportunity entertainer!
So excited for mon. Braces come off.
im asking?
A VIP of the Quitters family is finally on twitter!! Please follow the hilarious and talented miss !!
what is ur booking fees or how is ur schedule for June 24 and 25 2012 in Miami beach I know I am early maybe I can get a disco
in Chicago for the weekend!
thank you I wish you the same!
a little golfer on it - Buddy Hackett
Welcome to twitter !!! My all time favorite Wildcat!! You are where my son got his name, Trey!!
Hope you feel better!
to all you feoms, fellow latinos, and gringos out there... Happy Cinco De Mayo
That the Lakers lost by 29 points last night is awesome x a million.
RT Yes! #ivotedyes ": DONT FORGET Vote YES for the #SAGAFTRA merger #oneunion Send your ballot in today."
Why do most countries have only one Monopolies Commission?
PS - My RSVP worked for Monday.... I'm shocked, thought with my conflicting contact info they won't go for it. Not sure if attending
Thanks Ryan @ tenementmuseum for a thought provoking tour!
Welcome back to those who left! Madtown Munchies has resumed school year hours of 6pm-2:30pm Sun-Thurs and 6pm-4am Fridays and Saturdays.
. my LIPS like Sugar :)
Our football team is a waste. As if they can really recruit in SEC country? Going down will make students care. Play at City Park
This headache is killing me..
#BackWhenIWasAKid One Saturday Morning was THE reason to wake up early on a weekend!
It's Sunday morning, time to go to church. Na I'm just bullshitin', it's time to go to sleep.
Where the hell did Carl get $250K just to write a check with? For-Profit-Think-Tanking must be more lucrative than expected!
the early sunsets don't help either!
you're gonna need a heck of an afternoon/evening to catch up after that pathetic noon game display.
if stefano goes home i'll be tempted to kick ryan in the balls. :) js.
you go girl. Congrats !!!
I believe that we will win...repeat...
did you Skype yet?
Wow! Check out the new design of STARS, the USTA's Online Stallion Directory! stars.ustrotting.com
sweet! Idk bro, we just got offered it, you should hit up Skarappys asap
#Florida #Gator and known homosexual Mike Rosario () set to become first openly gay student-athlete to play in
I pretty much hit on that one, took a sick day today and tweeted about throwing up in a round-about way. It is what it is.
Made vegan banana-pear muffins this morning.
On a replacement bus from Johnstone to Central Station. X77 just overtook the bus. Conclusion = get bus to Glasgow
were is he going???
I know my mum said mayb she doesn't know yet!
hey Chris big stuff happening. Let's connect. -Kyle
Must also come with a vehicle to carry all the sh*t.
still room on the band wagon
": We should all go out tonight. Do you guys like light jazz? I know an amazing elevator."
the funny part is I used to be a 2 pack a day smoker. Ugh, I can't believe I smelled like that.
Darn, I was saving up for a Kinkade painting, now they'll probably be out of my reach......
It's going to be a great day, just saw Leslie crossing South Congress, haven't seen her in over a year.
<U+3046><U+3093>!<U+9762><U+767D><U+304B><U+3063><U+305F>!Very good English! I loved the Metal Gear ringtone.
hey - nice to meet you. Hope your doing well
i hope is ready to see me this weekend :)
~you should follow your own advice in this post. you put her down many times, yet praised others for doing the same thing.
have fun!:)
View the new Avenger film late Friday night, May 4, with comic legend Stan Lee. Don't be miss it. Get your Catalina Film Festival...
RT : #Pisces are natural born leaders , but they are also great team players!!
We're thankful for beer. How about you?
#GOP doesn't believe in smaller govt. They believe in consolidated govt. More power in the hands of fewer people. Example =
?Honesty is a very expensive gift, don't expect it from cheap people
:/ not Cool
You know. We're like the Borg, we all think with one mind.
Live for something, or die for nothing.
": RT : A defunct publisher will not care about out-of-print books #il2011". Ah ha. My refrain...
Oh no, hope you got your 2011 Burning Man tickets as they are officially sold out! Look out for counterfeits if you are still lookin!!
Just drew a reddit alien for Draw Something with a friend. She passed on it and her next drawing began with, What's a reddit?
Chillin at the tennis match with and
They could do it, there would not be as many spectators, but hmm maybe there would. I'm gonna throw an Archie/WWE b-day party!
hey im alfred, watz ur name
<U+2640>IT Takes ~BOTH~ Rain & Sunshine To Make A Rainbow<U+2640>
Roger Goodell thinks he's the president.
I hate when I leave for school early or on time and end up at school late...
Same.Not sure sitting by will work though RT :Really disappointed with things at school, but trying to let others fight it.”
I did too!! Arg
Sad to say I dropped the ball on gig promo this month on Twitter. Remedied for April! Fun SXSW for you? Am glad it's over!
Waiting to give a presentation is far worse than giving a presentation
#beerandbrats tonight at the #AlumniHouse! Join us at 5 to grill before the game!
I'd recommend historian Barbara Tuchman's Practicing History: Selected Essays, even though the focus is not strictly US.
We found love is on constant replay in my head ....
THIS IS A OFFICIAL BLOG OF MJR RSS FEEDS BUT THIS IS ALL TWIITER/TALK
If you're going to STAND IN LINE to vote to prevent someone YOU DON'T KNOW from getting married, you have way too much time on your hands
It's a fresh, open-eyed experience with all the outlets! Twitter wasn't as popular in 2008!
we don't have tickets yet but assuming we go we would stay down there.
That made me LOL. ;)
Thank you #ChrisRock for making it real.
how was ur day
Old blue print. Expect hand outs. Well, they're not going to give it so you'll have to adjust anyways. You may as well do it by choice.
Thanks for the retweet!
RT : 's smash-hit novella "Seattle's Best Dive Bars" is now available on iTunes: bit.ly/oZcV71.
my annual morning chicken biscuits with , really get my day going.
Is life so tough it makes you want to eat very unhealthy cuisine? Just keep trying to do the right thing by eating yummy greens & proteins.
o stop it, your the beautiful one
Go cry in a corner u bitch :(
Twitter. WHY U NO WORK?!!
Thanks to all who participated in today's iSeminar! Have more questions? Contact
YES. i did it, and then ended up crying like 5 times at dinner. but it still looked good! it really is
Ah, Levon Helm. "Up On Cripple Creek" still one of my earliest music memories.
& ! That might be too much brain power for me! Looking forward (hoping) to see you both tonight at
i wish i could watch this ahahah
Coworker: You act?, Me: Yes., Coworker: Did you have to makeout?, Me: Not while I was acting, but I've made out with other actors...
Its time to take your chips&cash em all in cause it matters where youre going not where u been, say hey, goodbye yesterday-
Who is this girl someone please tell me
I Wish We Never Did It And I Wish We Never Loved It <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Me, Denise, and are learning how to tie a tie from Mr Eyerly. This is entertaining lol!
Couldn't agree more! RT : Don't be afraid to ask for help :)
I hate scam artist
“: Senior Skip Day tomorrow?! #please” YEEEESSSS
MT : web archive users are pleasantly surprised but also confused by amount and choice of content inside
At the Bend The Arc gala, honoring fmr White House advisor Van Jones! Thx to the Jewish Partnership for Justice for a great event!
Taking my absent kids' Mom to farmers markets for Mother's Day #2. Day #1 included a wonderful Villa Musica Cabaret show.
I will turn off the professor in me and act like I didn't read that. Faculty shouldn't put word limits either, to be fair.
Go tell em its a homicide....
enjoys all beauty in life, you should follow him if you do too!
Fahrenheit is crackin. Good luck getting in
Sophistry is about deception. I don't tell lies. You object to my stance against pejoratives enough to besmirch my character?
Thanks for the mention, Anne!
DeVito says he was "glad" #Jets got Coples and as far as competition, "it's all about what I do ... we can teach each other."
"I want a boy who will watch RuPaul's Drag Race with me."
What's up bro. What you have going on man.
Saw a wonderful film tonight at the Cinema Society: Starbuck. Watch for it.
I finally got on my PC and followed back some folks who had followed me. If I missed ya give me a shout! (It's hard to do from my phone)
Take them to the Smithsonian!
your the dummy shut up
All military personal or military geeks should see Act of Valor. First time active Navy Seals with live amo in such an epic film. Hooyah!!!
D I am sorry
in in Memphis but Nastyville for the weekend lol
So far so good today. Woodchips, mortadella casings, check. New ramp stash, check.
Hey Curtis, thanks for the follow and for passing along my "Hardest Question" post earlier.
Let me remind you again I say what I feel you dont like it the Go buy a kite and go fly it.
From Susie Wargin: Heading out to interview UFC's Dana White.. got any questions for him or Rampage Jackson?
Hologram Pac was cool but it still isn't DETOX!
Fail. I left off my list of thank-you's for yesterday's Thanks, David!
visionorg Priests to forgive abortion in Pope youth festival
Pro-Gay marraige forever
A little attention, doesn't hurt...sometimes
crazy is what a crazy does yeeeeeaaa!
passed all my OGT's ^_^
was shooting Eva Longoria's younger sister and her model bf.
Our Hero will always be on our first page.
Back in NC getting ready to go cheer on my Tarheels tonight!!!
Can the #chiefs just admit battle and mcclain are our best rushing options and give them the ball. 3 yards is better than negative yards.
I do not know what that means, but yes, I do. Do I get a discount if I order them in bulk?
a new summer, another day spent reading philosophy far from home
“: Bitch always on twitter pillow talking .”
Thank You Gallery Artists
what place is closing?
embarrassing that KU/IA ST is not in HD, but Central MO/MO Western is...
RT : RT : Are you going to the #SoMeAwards tonight? If so, just RT to let us know!
Even rich people have clutter. LOL!
People make plans...and God laughs!
FSU/MD games of your youth offered 40 point final score differentials
nice profile Monica! Sorry about the game today. Looking forward for Euro Cup in 6 weeks
I'll probably be around. Glad someone's reading them.
Get Melo back in this game before it gets outta hand coach
im moving up
Thanks for the follow -- great platform.
Great list Curt! Several of my favs - Ella, Kenny Burrell, Louis Armstrong, Thanks!
Everyone in my life is losing their fucking minds
Gravity always wins.
Womp womp. Going to a frat rap show tonight. Or is it, a frappe show?
It's certainly the first film to end with *spoilers* a link. A brave new cinematic world.
Thanks for tweeting the LI post--yes, URL claiming is a good one!
Who is happier? Mississippi Valley St or Louisville on making the tournament! LOL
“: The people at papersource remind me very much of the bookshop women in portlandia” bahahah
that's wht happens when u get up early & stay up late! The balls n ur court let's play!
Impromptu lunch with
go there haha
Have a great week everyone!
SHOUT OUT at GETBLASTEDNOW we're ALWAYS LISTENING to POWER
call now
Thank you!! Thanks for coming out
Live at capers
I'm sick now DAMN ROSE
Now delicious is nutritious too! WHO NUU... Who the hell would want a healthy oreo, they're perfect the way they are!
Just started a Run. 63 °F, 4mph W, 94%
Ditto! RT : Got dinner reservations for the night we see Iris and Nathan in NYC. Can't wait!
Sorry I missed this RT Author Jonathan Bloom discussing his book American Wasteland tonight at the Central Library:
Listening to Kent Williamson talk about the new #ncle national center for literacy education.
That's... really cool actually.
I need to lodge a complaint against a parkng enforcement officer. How do I do that?
Watching Source Code. I'm not sure yet if I like it or not. Really not a fan of Jake Gyllenhaal, but it's like a modern Groundhog Day.
“: They say if the money dont change you u havent made enough ......” my nigg goin fa dat #RealestShitOfTheDay honor
why are you just now following me on twitter.....
Eleventy-eleven! RT : Today is Day 1,111 without a budget from Senate Dems. And Day 283 since S&P downgraded our credit rating
Corner of Diversey/Sheridan so windy that hats are blowing off; stray leaves flying 6ft in air; what a sight.Be safe and dress warm!
follow before she commits!4
I just noticed that the Twitter web app overrides the URL bar @ the top. Curious what you think of their approach.
RT : What matters to Buddhists is life, just as it is, here and now.
The storms will rage, chaos will be around you. Inside you can remain at peace.
I was an undergraduate when I made my first attempt at a novel. It rests in its place of honor at the bottom of my steamer trunk.
Swole I missed snl but today was cool
real shit we on that bro
What's going on with all this stuff about Rushers not liking 1D hosting the premiere of Big Time Movie???
You got it!!
here in the studio setting up with sweeney and tomcat baby! kickin off here in 15 minutes so stay tuned
TOO SOON.
I've been dragging down for the last hour
awesome thanks!
This is the mere reasons why I wanna get out of high school.. College people are real. HS people are fake!
They told me no, I reversed it, I'm on.
A bitch would tell you how beautiful you are but someone real will show you.
in a zombie apocalypse situation, never go anywhere dark and never go alone
Everyone at #RIT stay safe.
Listening to shed try and tell jokes..
Thanks SnaggerTown for your hospitality today and being the Great Place to Work leader in Richmond VA
Ahh my procrastination has hit an all time high...about to start a 4 page paper that I have no idea what I'm writing about...its due tmrw.
The best thing about saying that to a sports ignoramus is I'll now utterly root for the Cubs since it's all I know ;)
A4 #CMchat - have passion - stick with it - talk to EVERYONE who can hire you and understand that "no" just means "not right now"
bras that have the hook in the front (;
RT if you want.
had to cancel Lonnie/Ellen Mosley Thompson's visit to our area. Lonnie recovering from hospitalization after Peru research trip.
I hate waking up for work!!! Lol
there's final cut pro, avid, and imovie does okay for basic stuff
Sometimes I wanna punch people in the face so that way they remember me..
Great time meeting at Access to Experts.
Finished a bunch of mixes for Jon Finley's new album. Working on the new Skyway Fitness Video. Busy Busy.
Thanks for the support guys! I know we haven't been shouting out as much.
Because Of #MyPastRelationships I Have Trust Issues .
I'm happily single. - Paula Abdul
Darryl Sutter with the personality of a rattle snake ha
Headed to San Diego Pride!! Launch begins tomorrow with parade and red carpet meet and greet!
Mr. Crow might have a point. It did take me this long before I saw it.
Nice move by #Rockies CarGo ... shocked #Mets with bunt single.
Can be used for screenplays, too, if you want to pen another in the $$$ Air Bud franchise.
I'm good, what's up??
Does not matter...you are 100% beautiful!
Happy New Year Aplin Family World Wide, Ring My Bell
I'm a beetle to these young kids, sometimes _ I be feelin' like a needle to these young kids.
bobs... So appetizing
mr .know it all think u know it all but dont know a thing at all hahahahhaha luv ya cuzin <3
LOVE THE BRANDS LOGO!!!!
Who is going to the concert in Orlando?/
I have big dreams for myself. I just hope I can reach them.
I Like Those Direct Tv Commercials "Dont Sell Your Hair To A Wig Shop"
Thank you! We very much appreciate it!
Love these! I may just spend some time playing around during my vacation..
It's Sunday!
I just had it on beef hot dogs. Last night, a Gyro w/lettuce & cole slaw & meat. Yesterday, on a boca burger.
love it! Please send some to Miami!
That was a RT from it cut off the RT!
Dude, if i agree with you, we'd both be wrong.
One of Hemmings descendants was the first black legislator in CA.
NEW WEBSITE IS LIVE! Check it out www.trevorthepetguy.com
Both. And online stores. And Etsy. And consignment. And vintage. :)
Life's a bitch, rape her.
I immersed myself in pop culture and divorced myself from institutional education at a very early age
The fact that right when Audrey leaves we start texting each other.
lmfao bestfriend your so mean :c
i tried the 'pic in the bathroom mirror' and realized that that isnt me #whydogirlsdoit?
they say love is the key, somebody changed the lock..
Summertime by Joplin
oh crap it's Monday! Sorry... I blame the president
That is a good idea. Thanks for bringing it up!
Anything that's worth having, is worth fighting for
ill whip out my drumstick n make your eyes bleed! i like rainbow sprinkles on my icecream pie! lets do the banana split on da dance floor!!
Gingrich #Dodge 99 weeks is an associate degree, but what is the answer? Work is Good? What if there is no work cause GOVT KILLS JOBS?
"You fckr- those were my last two eggos"
long day. TO INTENSE TO HANDLE
haha, oh I'll be ready. Look at my preparation: snapback, a muffin, and a double cupped coffee. Step your rehearsal game up, bruv
Alright - show me what you got!
#SwampPeople make me embarrassed about being from the south!
RT : Kings of Leon is more concerned with booze.
Congrats to on reaching the NIT Semifinals! It's going to be a fun week in NYC!
die hard tarheel fan (havent missed games since 92) & young d3 head coach..learned a lot Watching u best of luck u deserve it!
No one in my family appreciates this expensive, fancy chocolate bar but me. THANK GOODNESS.
WOOT!! ~RT : Up on the roof of KING 5! Enjoy the sun today. says the timing for the weekend looks great AGAIN!
I follow ur NBA posts, and I invite you to follow me & my Celtic's blog.
I think I'll be at the Allegro Hotel for NeoCon. My phone: 330.283.3999
Have you had any issues? RT : I did
Curt Rosengren has us doing exercises to see what Drains or Gains us. He is the Passion Catalyst.
Finally leaving the art studio.
One thing accomplished this Summer. Finished the campaign part of Modern Warfare 3.
#Obama2012! RT: It’s rally day. Are you fired up? Because we’re ready to go. –mo
Happens to me all the time!
Calling comedians or funny people. We need t-shirt ideas! We work on commission, let's create some funny s#@*. (shirts) SpotlightTees.com
Friday is bartender appreciation day! Come in and show Ross you appreciate his hard work slinging drinks!
Thanks for the Follow!
I totally appreciate and love your trip posts. You'll be changed forever, as I was. Enjoy the journey!
and I don't know if I'm wearing my werth jersey or 1 of his shirtsey.
I'm good.
RT ok. i don't care who wins. But ,,, Jessica has the most range. // also, she is a San Diegan
my phone is stupid it wont let me see my mentions
THANK YOU for all you do DF and staff to help those in the cancer fight!!!! LOVE all you guys and GREAT to see everyone!!! :)
Dan Rather's media literacy tips: Many of the first things reported will be untrue. Give yourself some time to form an opinion.
Homesick #indyisthebestcityever looking good on big screen
Giving the show Workaholics a try on Netflix, first time watching it. This show better be good. (cc )
Yu darvish was masterful against the Yankees last night.
I'm watching you. You best watch your step, or might be in the making.
Beautiful photo!
Why can't the trend just be like 20 things I love? 100 is way too many.
last two days to get tickets to see us and at the house of blues! get at me! only $15
Not even at the airport yet, and already a 40min delay. Awesome!
Our new website launches later than hoped, Aug. 1. Check back then: midtownbaltimore.org
Very true! Still have a hard time converting & I use the metric every day. We're kinda on our own program in the US haha.
these abs love u!! :)
Guests from the Y at & are here to talk about the new Miracle Field coming up next
I will go out and do a dance for the Sun Gods. Back yard where no one will see me.
*wipes tears of memory away. Sings we are the champions loud and proud"
Wake up people!
Miller is piss beer.
cant believe she let me fall off the bed then gon wake me up with that loud A music smh
The only value on Diamonds is the value you place on them. You can collect polished rocks for free. De Beers Corporation tricked the world!
no he been out
Twitter > My Job
Aw, my 9 year old brother is obsessed with Nicki Minaj :')
Come on #CUSE its jugular time! Stop toyin w/ this scrappy little team n put them outta their misery!
why are you hiding from me?
I am watching Fool's Gold; Kate Hudson is delightful in her boating outfits.
Its funny that the moment I read that, I thought "Yeah, that's Annie alright." Haha! Small world.
I believe I said that before
just had #twitterlessStephen take off her nail polish for here
Chuck with the #theraflu reference lmao
me too -_-
OH "It's Cinco de mayo bitches," followed by drunk guy trying to say all the words he "knows" in Spanish.
We are doing great things with and
doubles down the left field line in the fourth inning. Wieters followings by driving in Nick Markakis, making it 3-0
doubt if its even close to red...
<3 <3 <3 Love my Blazers =D. Now I'm watching the tourist....love <3 Johnny Depp too!!!
Thank you Eliza. Same here. :)
going to be in vegas tonight 9pm......whats up?
so i look dangerous?X)
"Changes" by Bowie just came on shuffle. Next song: a cover of the same tune by Seu Jorge. Is there a poltergeist in my ipod?
Can't help my soft spot for <3 's brother is friends with andrew who does their merch !
Just received my THIRD simmons closing email :-) not to mention the VM and SMS...
my kids are excited to go see tomorrow night (the bookstore event, not the 21+ show, that is). 5yo:"that's my dream!"
this just makes me love you 10x more!
Shout Out To You.
open really for June July Aug thirst events. We could do normal thurs evening, or mix it up- daytime weekend??
need to know if they can begin their focused efforts on getting her to notice them. This is all speculation, but yeah.
you're one of my favorite do-good organizations, and your a regular go-to for me!
he has played, and got ran off by DNELSON, then he is a t wolf and cant play, that is on him not teams dude wants to only shoot
"This word was not found in the spelling dictionary."
It's at 40th and Butler st. on Arsenal school fence.
lol, you are a hoot! 2 sticks of butter!
#really maybe it's his 7th cousin???
thanks for the interest, did you have a chance to check out I'm interested in what you're doing.
Looking some people in the Portland Wedding Industry interested in making extra money. Email .
Same here.
Who is hitting this weekend? ? ?
Been sleeping a lot more than usual lately but could SOO go to sleep again right now
Im traveling on amtrak this friday Im looking forward to my travels
Tell her that bitch im a rapper and i did my homework, and im not smoking shit but spitting it :)
sure thing!
you are definetly not alone. I will send u a free resume review guys contact info later today
um ok then
Profiles will be coming soon, we hope. A lot of balls are in the air.
laptop. I need the portability first but may build a desktop later this year or next year for heavier-duty tasks.
Got my vanilla latte and my iPad, doing work
if I can recall we have talked before, I think when you was in Mexico,???
Glad my PT was still coming out here. A little old asian lady in her 70's @ least. Everytime I run past she goes RUN! GO, RUN! Shes awesome!
#Padres need to get Matt Antonelli
that is debatable #lolol But okay darling<3
NOTHING is worth this losing what has been built here.
I wish you a very happy and peaceful Eid ul Adhaa.
…<U+2727> Wiz is My favorite artist.. I'm getting the Cover of Rolling Papers tatted on me <U+2727>…
Wide enough editorial range, Gawker? #fail RT Saturday's Supermoon May Not Destroy Earth, Will Still Ruin Your Night
from what I can hear, the stereotypes list is going to be both tragic and hilarious. can't wait!
Steak wrapped in bacon...? Yumfuckingtastic...:/
Not looking forward to the detox Sunday. I need a work from home job
Our love for #Israel can live on forever through the seeds we plant today for coming generations. Are u ready 2 join r global effort???
have fun wish I was there
Speeding home from work to see my sisters STEP!
yes, yes thank you - you too! Thnx for the links
Free my lil bros marshaun and jamontie I my niggas in there goin through it
Food & Beverage Professionals! Visit/ski/learn!-Denver's #chefscon Chefs Conference, "Building Your Restaurant Name" Speaker: Gerry...
Your crazy it went by super fast!!! :0
havent felt this good in a long time =)
I think I'm more drunk then the 21 year old already. "everytime it's someone's 21st birthday I act like its my 21st birthday!@
Happy Mothers Day to Moms everywhere!!!
In a coop, they abolish the pecking order.
Beads? RT : What does a girl gotta do for some ice cream?!?
What impact will higher education funding have on university finances?: Following the Hefce funding announcement..
What is taking so long with the James Neal verdict? His hearing was @ 10am w/ Brendan Shanahan. Arron Asham's will be by phone at 5pm.
what color shoes you wearing?
Still in the very early stages but will let you know when we get anything out there. :)
Had a pretty "Happy Administrative Day" card on my desk this morning.. How cute :)
it looks great and real clean! good job!
is the show cancelled? I'm confused, only 3-4 shows, then nothing for a month! We need more Fear Factor holmes.
trying to study and cover 5,100 years worth of history is like impossible
Worst part of THE AVENGERS: waiting an hour and half before realizing I was in line for a sold-out 3-D showing of THE LUCKY ONE.
Memorial day weekend camping cancelled. We bought tixs to see at the instead! Hippies inside instead of out!
If your on a mobile device it will bring you to the mobile site. Get the full effect by going on your pc
Playing with the full band tomorrow afternoon at the Buchanan Dam Beach Club from 5-9pm. Come have some fun with us!
Cool site !
Grey's Anatomy and homework... That's at least half productive, right?
WHO CAN'T WAIT TILL MB CUZ I KNO I CAN'T WAIT I BE LIKE WOOHOO AND PARTY OVER HERE
w00t! Congrats to - bootstrappers of the year at Seattle Startup Awards
Holy crud you're amazing!! That was WAY better than a lot of the people who made it a little farther on idol. Awesome job!!
Estela de Los Rios, Exec. Dir. of Center for Social Advocacy receives the Ashley L. Walker Social Justice Award at #AllPeoples MLK brkfst.
Excellent song from an excellent band. RT : Ask, and you shall receive.
Congrats to , aka Darius Gambino, Esq. of for winning the PVLA Volunteer of the Year Award!
likewise. #Boston will be represented! Psyched 2 create something cool
I want a tall guy
good luck with your knee. hope you can recover quickly.
Thanks for the RT .
PLEASE TAKE A LOOK AT KUEEN OF KRUNK FROM SAN ANTONIO TEXAS THIS FEMALE IS A KRUNK LATINA DOING AMAZING THINGS FOR TEXAS.
It a beautiful day! Gonna have some fun in the sun! Lol
You don't know me homie!
Thanks to U.S. Sen. Ben Cardin for making time yesterday to hear updates on how arts & creative industries impact MD.
When the hell #wvsu going to put up out grades
Sure go ahead & put away the ice scraper. Hey, I'm taking the electric blanket off my bed tonight!
That's a diesel line up of choices. I would go with running followed by drinking. (I wouldn't recommend the reverse)
Honestly, I think I'm going to keep chilling to my playlist. Was listening to it before, still am in a Wilco mood.
We are now accepting applications for the 2011 Ethnic World Pageant.
i've been on the phone trying to give you money for 3hrs lol... why is it so hard to pay you???
says defeat of #alQaeda w/in reach, while holding hands at #WhiteHouse w/terrorist #MuslimBrotherhood. RT
NBA refs suck!!
okay :) what time should I be there?
Almost have 3,00 followers!!! Thank you guys! If you havent gone and LIKE'd our facebook, please do! Love You!
Barley tomorrow?
Oh goodness gracious. That was the nickname in 6th grade teacher gave me. o.o
I love nights like these when Chicago directioners Are all on steroids bring1dtob96
Amercian Idol, Reed from Wisconsin!! Very Innovative and stepping out the comfort zone..... A jazz version of Moves Like Jagger!!
I haven't been on here in forever. /: I blame my job.
There can only be one Clive Barker! “: I don't want anyone thinking they are talking to me,as you are now,when it's not me.”
Congrats to Whitney Cummings for her new talk- I mean shout show!
On this day in 1920 that the 19th Amendment to the U.S. Constitution became law, guaranteeing women the right to vote! h/t
Hail Princess!
Resident Evil 2 - cool horror!
What a comeback from Louisville
